Sl konami

fe

iad

Cr Les

—— ee

 

 

 

anyway, in which to manipulate these acoounta
The only chance of detection in the mean-
time, so far aa the out-of-town banks
were concerned, would be in connection with
the interest accounts As is known, banks
allow interest to banks on daily b lances In
this way Alvord might be found out, for an
up-country bank might discover that it had

propriated a portion of this oash from time, to

ime, aa opportunity offered, before any of i

was concealed by adding to the item

was turned over to (he money clerk

erepane
uf i Ke hangers for the Clearing House
note teller’s balanoe book, an amount equal to
the sum of abstractions, Until his recent dis-
appenrancs, Alvord had not been absent from | rl itt,
the bunk during one buelnens day this yeur ile | not reveived as much iiterest as it should have
did not take hia usual vacation last summer, re- Th such a case, however, the letter complainin
queeting that insterwl he might take amonth | of this would be recetved by Aivord. Who coule
noxt winter for a trip to California ; answer itapologizing for Le error, saying that
It may be added to tits that the fact thot | investigation showed that the correspondent
Alvord's accounts were not straight was known | was correct and that the rreapondent’s ace
to the ban! Holale son.etime before the close | count had been credited with (he proper sum
Monday. Alvord lie Deputy Comptrotier's statement pointed

on the

   

of busines woek ago last )
did not disappear until the following Thureday, | out that when Alvord took a two weeks Vaeu-
During the examination of the books by the bink | tion, fourteen montia ago, be covered up his

out-of-town

 

shortages by making charkes tl
is | accounts and crediting the amounts on his te
turn It ia anid that in this way entries could
wo all through the departments of the bank
and yet no discovery be made by the owners
of the accounts against which Alvord had
made the charges so long ia he made the charges
against large accounts and got back in time to
make the credit entries before the time of
issuing the monthly statement of those ac-
counts
SATISFYING TO CURIOSITY, ANYWAY

Beveral questions interesting to bankers

ago Monday an employs 1

examiners & woek

he bank saw Alvord change the footing ©
cnn Balance aheot. He reported the fact to
Assistant Cashier Backus, who obtained from
the examiners Alvord # original balanoe for
the purpose of vert ying the same. After the
xarn{iners had gone Mr. Backus com vared the
fralance with the changed sheet and found a

discrepency of poco.cpo Kull Alvord kept at
hia work until Thursday.
ALVORD’S BRAUTIFULLA @1MPLE BYATEM

helpful, befor olng into still
Sg be thon of the emutitul simple

er ann
svete by wu a Alvord more is haul, to] were answered yexsterday in the statements
y that Alvord could have sald with propriety by the bank and the Deputy Comptroller and
Te banw? The bank, it Is 1." He wes In] by Mr. Hine. One was whether there was @
effet a gious rnore than note teller, or third | jetter teller at the First National OF whether
wee oO 1@ mall,

     

fa own post he enjoyed liber- | the note teller had entire «|

teller J.vena
lee and ludependencve beyond the lot of m vord, aa has been seen, did have entire charge
in aliollar p in other cite anks. He both | of {t. ‘Another was whether Alvord was. per-

and made the collections and | mitted to make charges, or entries by charge

ypened the mal

fondled the caeh Collected, i

out-o oe banks
ank.

of such entries

handled the
That he could

ticket, without the Initialing
by another official of the bank,

oaah rer iitanece from
and raceived the letters from thoee stelle | do, as appears from the Deputy
{ng about (veto or vontalning communications | Comptroller's statement It also ap-

to hie bank, there belng no letter teller. He} peared from the information that came
handied the Clearing House sheet dally. Hig | out yesterday that, inatead of turning over his
footings on ils own balance book oe accepted h to the paying teller every day, he was
without question for the amounts of cath for allowed to seep it longer than was necessary,
wolch be was responsible aa ia indicat in the Deputy Comptroller's
na « und irascibility characterized the | ataternent and as has been explained above
note teler, Hie was autooratio at his post, | Another point of interest that had been dis-
a atioxler for iitte aconracies, impatient of ouased in banking circles was whether, as ap-
interterenos, For so big @ man—weight 280 ara to have been clearly the case, Alvord
pounds he was inusually nervous ip manner fpade up his own proo! of cash and made
tin ink or lead pencil as suited his con-

   

at jis work, but a@ his waa an important Pisce
and he was able to accomplish @ great deal of | venience, at least at times Still another
work a! if, ls impatience and resentment | point on which information had bean awaited
wore f ! to the demands of hia position | was the manner in which Alvord sent his ex-
upe {<« nervous system changes to the Clearing (louse, and the manner
For an Ulustration of Alvord's method of | fn whi h the exchanges of himeelf and the
concewing his thefts, supe non a Monday | sacond (receiving) teller were made up. As
night to have aiready helped elf to $409,000 | has heen seen, Alvord, so far as the Clearing
of the bank's money out of the oa nit- | Hou balance went, made them ail up. It te
tances made to the bank fr tof town and } fairto suppose that had this system been com-
received by him or out of ¢!.4 collections made) mon to all banks there would not have
by him for the bank throus inners or bauk ; bean so much apeenlation in other banks
messengers On his arrival al desk on] regarding the — was the business was

pose teat he found that

‘Tuesday morning, #1 | done at the First National as there was before

   

$5,000,000 or @ tota
evening before for the Clet
ooo) ALL exchanges, of oo

the receiving toilers exc re- | this information became available late in the

ceipts other ¢ ) eas for ing aftearnoot!

had been $4,000.00), and t ta A Jeading banker sald yesterday, when he

teller’s) exchanges for Mo we Jearned of the manner of Alvord’s stealing:
of ex he) “We can control methods, but not men.”

RANK EXAMINERS’ SCOPE LIMITED
to the frequent questions and

 

In reference

 

  
 

' certain amount
cash, or repre ent os - r ent na it “te | commenta as to the work of the national bank
of  oash : OF paper b eller over | @xXaminers in connection with this case, Henry
aways lef with t “a 5 | W Cannon sald yesterday

 
  
  
 

examiner makes an examination
to determina whether {t {@ aol-
whether it bas on hand the re-
third. whether {t eonducts
yisiness according to law
tations to a bank examiner's

Habilitlas of book
verify the assets

night, represent _ la

his convenience pose
heen on Monday 1 ht $10
would appear as A “Inoming
$ 000.000 total of ening ex
rning addition vould t
receipts of exchanges in
Kuppose these to amount to $)

     

quired re
its

   

|
ent; seco
|
|

t

“There are limi
work He ean only verifs
examine and

   

Phere
¢ | records and

0.008

 

   

ou et to add » the $7.000.000 total «
ba ay c 2 oe to go to the Clearing Hote showr tle must rely upon bank managements
& t tal of $1,600,000 of morning additions, the | to br fe avatems that will supply him with
a 4 . Nae ; the proper feures
and te of c } “ rt “4 “aring ouse . } '
be ee wane re a Crane hous Pae enormous businese of the large city
lyord (supposing him not to wish to ateal | banks presents opportunities for maninulation
anything more that morning), would add his) which it is impossible for the examiners to
$300,000 to his statement of the total of ex {| discover

changes of the evening t re and suptract
a like sum from his @ta nt of additlons
by morning mal So the grand total would
he the same as though he had not mantp- | General Netion That Alvord Is Within Reach

uiated the figures fo illustrate, conceive Crt
minal Proceedings.
such a true memorandum as this, made as it is * .

 

AS TO SURRENDER,

    

 

made in some banks for the information of Jacob F Miller, Alvord's attorney, was seen
' lal
the bank officia by a Stn reporter last night at his house, 62
Clearing House Report, Monday, Ort, 22 ight venintl treet 4
Receiving teller'a evening West Elghty-ninth street. Mr. Miller was
exchanges $4,000,000 asked again if he knew where Alvord ts
Note teller’'s evening ¢f Sack otle.” @& }
changes 300,900 $7,000,000 I don't know exactly,” was the answer,
—— - “but Tmight
Morning additions Farlier in the day Mr Miller was asked ff

Note teller 100,990 ,
1,600,000 | Alvord or his Tf y had any property that

 

 

Mall §00'000
- ----— i theturnedo rto the bank
8 600,000 i miahtl urned over he bank .

7 z } I am just trying to find that out,” said Mr

Now observe the same memorandum as doc Miller It \ tated that Mra. Alford
“ : @ seal e nce 8 My ille is «tate t J Alfo
: rn dt conoeal the absence of the stolen i Wwra the Mount Vernon property, together with
j teller's evening | vhat personal property there may be there
seqniytag ' : in the way of horses, carriages and the like
sce er's li Itut Lam trying to find out Just what there ia
Note telie

evening ex-

cbanges Has there been any offer made by anybody

8,800,000 $7,800,000 | any why
gem Alvord to make restitution

 

    
 

Morning additions representing Mr
, teller 100,900 to t ! iny of the amount alleged to
Mall . 1,200,090 1,890,000 | have be le
’ la i'd better not ask me any ques-

 

$4,610,000 tions about that,’ was the lawyer's answer

Obviously, 80 long ag no one qiunstioned If such an offer has been made, was it made

or checked the receipts by the morning mail, | conditionally upon Alvord being prosecuted
this could be kept » indefinitely How Al- | with moderation ;
vord squared himsel? with the out-of-town That's another. question I'd rather not

‘To answer such a
affect the Interests
iwyer can do that you
about

answer,” said Mr Miller
question. may r a]
of my client and no
know I inust really not say anything

banks that remitted the money and kept their
accounts straight Is explained later
DOCTORED CLEARING HOUSE SHEETS, TOO,
The Clearing House sheet sent by Alvord
over to the Clearing House every morning has
in the fret colurmn a list of the banks which are

 

The inference drawn fron ja conversation

was that on

 

ns Alvord will

  

 

        

 

 
             
   
 

    

  

 
   

        

    
   

   

 

      
 
    

 

 

 

       

     

    
 

 

  

 

 

 

|
|
|
|

  

 

GERMAN IMPERIAL SECRETARY OF
STATE ACCUSED,

Covtral Union of German Mannfactarers Asked
to Contribete Toward the Agitation for the
Government's Labor Bill—Intimation That
an Oficial Was to Get the Money.

Special Cable Despatch to TH SUN

Bartin, Oct. 24.—According to the National
Zeitung Count von Posadowsky-Wehner, lm-
perial Secretary of State for the Interior, has
resigned. A statement which, however, needs
confirmation ts to the effect that his retire-
ment from office ta the sequel to one of those
remarkable disclosures with which the Vor-
waerte, the organ of the Soclal Democracy,
from time to time shocks the offictal world and
Causes a sensation among the people

Tho Vorwaerta the other day printed a letter,
dated Aug. 8, 1808, and aligned by Herr Buek,
Secretary of the Central Union of German
Manufacturers, in which he communicated to
the chairman of the union a request he had re-
celved from tho Ministry of the Interior that
the unton contribute 12,000 marks toward the
expenses of the agitation in behalf of the Gov-
ernment’s eo-called Hard Labor bill, The chatr-
man, according to the V oncaerts, replied advising
the Secretary not to refuse the request, adding
that the Kruppe had already subscribed 6,000
marks,

The Vorwaert. suggested that the money
was really asked {n behalf of » me {nfluential
but impecuntous personage, and fixed the odiurn
on Count von Posadowsky-Wehner. No de-
nial or explanation has as yet been made

rhe Cologne Gazette and other Mintstertal
organs declare it is impossible that the Gov-
ernment received, far less asked, payment
by euch a procedure

PRINCE TUAN STILL HOSTILE,

Veidence That He Plotted to Kxterminate
Pao-ting-fa Expedition.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
LONDON, Oct. 24.—A despatch from Tiertsin,
under date of Oct. 22, says Major-Gen, Camp-
bell, commanding the British seotion of the
Pao-ting-f' expedition, arrived at Pafang on

Oct. 17. The British captured fifty Chinese
Imperial soldiers, but they were afterward
relsased. Pafang had been occupied for two

weeks before the arrival of the British by 1,600
Imperial troops, 1,000 of whom marched south-
ward on the arrival of the British

A letter from Prince Tuan was found at
Menan Hsten which ordered the Chinese to
exterminate the expedition among the marshes
near that place. Tuan further offered to supply
the Chinese with arms from the Government
arsenals (n order to accomplish this purpose.

Gen. Campbell's column left Pafang for Pao-
ting-fu on Oct. 17 and the remainder of the
expedition effected a junction with Gen, Gaselee,
the British Commander-in-Chief whoisin charge
of this movement, on Oct. 18.

A Pekin despatch, date of Oct. 19, says tele-
grams from Emperor K wang-e dated at Tung-
kuan, Oct. 12, give no indication of the return
of the Court to Pekin, On the contrary, the
Court ta entirely under the dornination of Gen,
Tung Fu Hsiang and his Kansu soldiery.

 

AUSTRIA AND ITALY APPROVE IT,

Reply eof Other Powers to Aagle- German
Note Not Recetved, Says a Beriin Despatch.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN

Paris, Oct. 24.--A despatch from Berlin says
it falearned from the most reliable source that
Austria and Italy have given their adherence
to the Anglo-German agreement The other
Powers have not as yet replied. All state-
ments to the contrary are based on speculation
The report that Germany has occupied Farsan
Islands as a coaling station is not confirmed.

A despatch from Shanghai says the Taotal
has received a despatch saying that the Empress
Dowager has not yet arrived at Singan-fu, but
is expected to reach there on the 27th.

M. Pichon, the French Minister at Pekin,
sent two service messages to Paris on Oct, 20.
Neither of these made any reference to his health.
For this reason the officials of the Foreign
Office are inclined to disbelleve the Chinese
statement that he is seriously ill and that the
appointment of some one in his place was ad-
visable.

 

KAISER TALKS OF THE AGREEMENT,

His First Alm and Greatest Task to Mate-
tain Peace fer His People.
Special Cable Despatch to TAR SUN.

Beauin, Oct. 24.—Emperor Wiliam to-day
visited Barmen for the purpose of dedicating
the Hall of Fame there. In the course of a
speech acknowledging an address, his Majesty
said

It has always been my first alm and my
greatest task to maintain peace as far as possi-
ble for my peaple. I believe I gave proof of
this a few days ago. The agreement I have
made with the most powerful Teutonic State
outside our own nation will, I hope, in the fu-
ture be a guarantee for common efforts in the
open markets of the world for our two nations
in friendly rivalry without acrimony

Referring to his visit to the town, which had
heen delayed by the illness of Empress Frederick,
his mother, hls Majesty sald he was happy to
state that her condition now allowed him to
leave her bedside, but though his heart was
joyously beating it was still troubled by the
shadow over her.

 

ANGLO-GERMAN AGREEMENT,

The Way Cleared for the Formal Acqalescence
by This Government.
WASHINGTON, Oct 24.-—The State Department
was informed to-day by Count Von Qnadt,
Chargé d'Afairea of Germany in Washington,
that the third article of the Anglo-German agree.
ment, providing that the two contracting parties
reserved the right to determine what action should
be pursued if any Power attempted to violate the
integrity of China,was not intended asa threat
awzainstany nation, This statement was nade by
the Chargeé on the authority of his Government
Jt cleared the way forthe formal acq utescence
by this Government in the purposes and princi-
plex set forth in the agreement between Cireat
Britain and Germany, and an answer of that
character is being prepared The exact nature
of the American response to the third article
has not been disclosed, but it is probable that
even with the assurance that no threat against
any other nation was intended hy the two con-
tracting parties the United Stateswill recognize
that thearticle in question concerns Creat
Britain and Germany alone and does not call
for specific indorsement by this Government,

THE

ITALIAN KING'S ADVICE TO

Accept the Jast Demands of the Powers and
Give Gaarantees for the Fature,

CHINA:

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN
Rome, Oct. 24.--King Victor Emmanuel has
replied to the letter from Emperor Kwang-su
in which the latter asked the italian King to
use his good offices to bring about a settlement
of the troubles between China and the Powers

King Vietor Emmanuel in his reply assures

| the Chinese Emperor that the Powers are in

certain cond
members of the association. In the second col be surrendered, It was said, in fact, yester-
iuan he entered oposite these the amounts | day that it had been suggested to one of the
due from each to the First Nationa! Bank on bank's officers yesterdas rning that, under
Its exchanges. The next coll » for the) certain circumstances, it tuight not be diff-
amounts due fron the Firat Netional to the aarlh pe discover Alvord’s whereaboute
Oven Dal a filled tn at the Cluaring Flouse ‘t p to 240 o’elock yesterday afternoon no
Ona da rar “0 +he if rte i" ; " ey warrant had been isaied for the defaulter's
vord id manipulate is whee Inke- oe
niously bs electing convente it entries in the | arrest ’ he Sonne ve i b ah euch °
column showing what was due the Firat Na- | Warr + " ) at en ee i vc ae ee gt Fe
tional and prel « u to bring up the W is eee » DY ge ans oF Al ik, but hac
total due to a+ i wuld oaver hia abe | AOE Deen Maes UP oe to veaterdey after
otek f a * ites . h ly 5 o'clock yester f -
fon in the fol cathe A the lanka | noon a reporter of THE StN was inform ed
being represented by numbers ~ | that a warrant had been applied for in the
: : United States Court United States Marshal
Genuine Shea Dociored Sheet Henkel had thing to ans
To's 0 7 Phenione rhe Pinkerton Ageney stated yesterday that
i 40.000 11 “sq0.000 | it) men were not looking for Alvord and had
- | not been look n@ for him at any time
Total $900,000 ) Capt. MeClusky of the Detect ve Bureau
The firat set of flgures | learned of the bank rob ery offic lyon The
he fl t ref * |! dav night when one ot the off the bank
one or faniin rs a ‘ 8 : "| on ed of him, Contral Offfce detectives wer: at
aN lite whe atawi "throug }onee de to bunt for Alvord. Detective
. 3 hare ; S : , ‘ {tie foe departments of every
proper f j Vas made in pet er j , ;
i. ting seal Ain have been supplied with a
1 ne . prefixed figure vord and asked to heon the
sheet was shown to the exarniners a a all { mp
were told that the penctiler rection ir e alt reign
footing was the proper foot nopevery
the cash due the bank “he
aminers had gone Alvord woul a
] t } t ¢ “a2 > ’ 7
lead pencil, openty, the pre SIGNALLING FROM ALVORD'S MOUSE,
erase th encilled f dnumeiemnennnanta
through the proper foc .
sheet to the Clearing ! ne Physician Called Late to See Mrs. Alvord, Whe
louse would in this way ¢ twlee Was Til,
a vear (when the examiners hapjened to ha _ Oct. 2 Roue r 7 t
in the bank), but as the pencil marks were ap MounT VERNON, a4. Four men, said a
parently all open and aboveboard and the be detectives, were patrolling about Alvord's
entries were rect no uttent on Was attracted | house to-t ight Some sort of signalling with
to it t Was When IDAKING &n alteration 1 vhe od to be goin ) ym the
one of these sheets last week Monday that Al- | H&hts appeare d me goihg On tram the wits
vord was caught by one of the clerks, whor dows, John H. Murphy, a real estate man,
tiffed the officers of the bank They sent for innouneed as one of Alvord’s friends, called
the copy of the sheet as approved by the ex : ‘ 4 Murphy |
rlier ip the a i ‘ id made a state-
aminers, looked up the records in the Clearing | " i, e a ie ( iy p za a a it pine
House and so found ont what the note teller | void) eon icide. This statement was
was up to made after Mr. Alvord tad paid a hurried
NOBODY EVER THOUONT OF IT REFONE pd i i A ela iy Ladi . Eo "the
o ne wie De
After the issue yesterday afternoon of the ; rm at Pelt ur Hone
bank's supe ementary stateme in which an from the office of
{t was sald that the discrepancy was concealed j's counsel . ,
by Alvord by adding to the [tem of exchanges | Alvord's physician
from the Clearing House on the note teller’s | wae oaljedt © house at 10:80 o'clock toenight
o the house a ’ o-nlgeht
balance book an amount equal to the sum) ang ¢ ‘ined for an hour. When he came
of abstractions, Vioe-President Hine was asked at he aaid he d been summoned to attend
whether Alvord’s footings on hia note teller M 4 rd. who AS 6 Yering ff m ne re
balance book passed unch ed. Mr. Hine | jenstratic Mir. Murphy came out at if
replied that they { 1 teller’s balance | fa, “He said that Mrs. Alvord was very
book is substantially rd of the daily | jy die suid that there were no detectives ii
Clearing House sheets made out by Alvord | i), ) snd that ¢ person. there wie
Mr. Hine was usked whother all of Alvord s | x Alvord er, Charles Benedict of New
entries and footings in his balance book were \ Mr M i that . os ane
taken without question and he said that they | we f i ' i at lvord was
were, His book was examined, but his own | “Peitya or Bet ' } f
footings were not questioned as represent. 4 Mr Murphy Ie uli 2 ron
ing the anyount f inoney for which he was | aE ; anid » de , ee
rea) te +t) hol . treet s oppos the | ne
Phen, ix that the whole story {In a nutshell? “ A }
Mr. Hite s asked. H nswered Ane Shona aes
li is andi rimple that no bank clerk | i" ae ta a Re nets if.
ha e thoush : it in the frat | tis au 7 pabay 008 i nat
ti 1} { Th has be tilived Inthe? ; ' ‘ 1 iol
tory of banking i ' = samen
la thore thing in the method of exami
‘ Ne Wank ota ou ta Wad then to BETTING STORIES CONTRADICTED,
al t Alvord 1 ne
| t ; g nat carding the ex- | The Alverds Had $30 a Dav Rooms at Sara- |
ii ria t exa ' |
\ ha bank @ d have at verod | toga Took Horses and a Cert, |
whe Was pet It turns ont that the stori about Alvord's |
. think i ' rear ito aay ANY? | gambling at Saratoga tl limer were moone |
} er i ti
j ! ‘ le ‘ t cole It is true that he went there with a
hi \ ' ance f 1 Ans else | blonde tthe woman was Mrs Alvord,
int be } } . on At j
\\ ire couvit 4 tha here w an ). | and she i children and maid with
Mr Hines } \ we to Saratog ibout
Mr. Hine was ody he ne teller \ yun | p at the Grand Union Hote
hook kent asi r ‘ a ihe { M
! “ e \ 4 Lhad engaged a parlor and
tha Pnot know, t best ud ‘
tha inks differed i " ed ! i Vivord, the children and
asters When toldt ‘ it Pa tew days betore Mr. Alvord
thon in some of the “rv lew iby reper | ' ; | Vivord her
with Mr. Miller, Alvord counsel, that k \ ( . : alt Mrs Alvord
the whereabouts of A ! ‘ he w 1} wd ' u ime with three lorses
he produced at the proper time, ar i .
ther the bank © ll Tn ‘ renter to \ ge : e eapet hing VW
negotiations to conmnromdi CASE 08 t : ; elb au o
Alvord, if it were repre i ha Tit at ae ; om pnere
might recover sor we of the ‘ tole Mr. | ‘ . %, a st ?
Hine replied We te thine that Aly i Na nday
legally can, but we do not propose to cot { . pene e
Tole ° o'clock ort fe
— day es and left ¢ ee
HOW ALVORD SQUARED TT WITH OUT-OF-TOWN Syinda ¢ 7
BANKS ile wast sara ace
Nhe only time whe d's simple ste firing hie
t r wah from the Fi ‘ Ber i'n 0 a
‘ a) tru | it { td '
tion was during A i ~ H d i lar
! Viaeat last | ij he abn i‘
not geta atl t “ 1 ’ A i , he
proper time in the tt tt ta | j that root \
current,’ that is, the ncoounts betweer e Fir ¢ Past three su I ‘
National Bank and out-of-town correspondents { nm, and it Was learned last evening that
ALitements are sent out only on the first « Alvord spent just about aa mueh time at the |
month: so that Alvord had twenty-eteht a resort ¢ vear as he did this summer

perfect agreement as to the action to be taken
He invites Emperor Kwang-su to accept the
just demands which they will make, and says
the clemency of Europe will be all the greater
if China shows sincere desire to make repara-
tion for the past and will give reliable guaran-
tees as to the future

SIKH REGIMENT AMBUSHED.

Rebellious Natives Kill Lient. Hennessc¥ tn a
Brosh Near Jandola,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Srurna, Oct. 24--Lieut. Hennessey of the Forty-
fifth Sikh regiment was killed yesterday dur-
ing a brush with Maheud raiders near Jandola
The expedition had been sent out to subdue the
natives for refusing to comply with the new In-
dian laws in reference to the carrying of arms
and the observanee of the rules regarding sani-
tation, It Lieut. Hennessey's
force was ambushed by Cie natives

is believed that

Stops the Cough and
Works Off the Cold,

Lasative Bromo-Quin'ne Tablets cure a cold in ene
Gey. NoCure, NoPay Price 25 cents.—Adr

 

His Answers to France and te the Anglo-Ger-*
man Note Give Satisfaction.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Panis, Oot, 24.—The note of Secretary of
State Hay to M. Thiebaut, French Chargé
d'Affaires at Washington, gives satisfaction
here, It is declared in diplomatic ciroles that
it exactly fits the situation

Mr. Hay's prudent reserve in requesting the
meaning of clause Ill. of the Anglo-German
agreement is much praised, It would cause
no surprise if Russia and France should adopt
Mr, Lay's wording in their replies to the An-
glo-German note, though it Is probable that
neither nation will be in any hurry in forward-
ing their answers, It is likely that they will
adopt the dilatory method of Lord Salisbury
when he ia confronted by an event the exact
bearings of whieh are obsoure.

While it is true that the contents of the Anglo-
German agreement are innocuous, the method
of ita incubation ia the cause of anxious sur-
prise, there being apparently no reason why
all the Powers codperating In China should not
have been simultansously consulted, More-
over, it would beidie to deny that the surprising
oordiality that has suddenly sprung up between
the British and Germans gives French poll-
ticlans food for thought. Such cordiality is
welcomed as applying to the Chinese question,
in whioh France, like the United States, harbors
no hidden thoughts, but if it applies to Western
questions also it then becomes serious indeed.
Honoe the reticence of the United States Gov-
ernment prodiices a reassuring effect

PREPARING AN ULTIMATUM,

 

Mintsters at Pekin to Get Forth Final Terms
fer Peace Negotiations,
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

Toxpon, Oct. 24—A despatch to the Times
from Pekin, dated Oct 19, says the Ministers
had not up to that time sent an answer to the
propositions made by Li Hung Chang and
Prince Ching, the Chinese Peace Commissioners
It was understood that the Ministers would
draw up a foint document setting forth the
terms that would be required as a baals for the
aettlernent of the trouble, This document will
be presented to the Chinese plenipotentiaries
in the form of an ultimatum,

 

 

9,000 BOXERS KILLED,

Defeated by the Treops of the Governer ef
Shantang.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Benriin, Oot. 24.—a despatch to the Lokalan-
seiger from Shanghai says that the troops of
Yuan Shi Kal, Governor of Shantung, have
again defeated the Boxers on the border of the

Province of Chili, killing 2,000 of them.

AMBRICAN ACTIVITY IN
Pian to Float a Loan and Fistablish a Bank
Said to Have Failed,

Victoria, B.C, Oct. 24.--According to ad-
vices brought by the steamer Kinedu Maru
the zeal with which the Americans in Corea
are atriving to extend the sphere of their In-
teresta is wonderful. Mr. Sands (adviser to the
Imperial household) and Messrs Bostwick
and Collbran have tnduced ai number
of high Corean officials, including Chin
Sho Kun and Ming Yang Whan, who
are known as pro-Americans, to assist
them in the work of extending American
interests The Japanese Interests in Corea
have to some extent been preiudiced by their
action. Recently they strongly opposed the
grant of a concession to Japanese to establish
a fishing station on the coast from fear of in-
jury to a scheme of the Americans

It is further reported that Mr. Sands and other
Americans had secret conferences with the
Corean oMetals at Chemulpo and a provisional
eontract was concluded by which Corean Gog-
ernment should borrow $5 000,000 from America
on the security of custome revenue and ea-
tablish a bank with Mr Sends as its head The
contract was to be subinitted to the approval of
the Emperor on the 18th, but the secret leaked
out, and the opposition aroused was go strong
that the Emperor refused to see Mr. Sands,
who was to have had an audience with his
Majesty. The Japanese Minister and some
Naval officers had an audience with the Em-
vwror next day, Afterward Mr. Sands also
rad an audience and submitted the contract,
hut there is sald to be no longer any prospect
of the success of the scheme

COREA,

 

 

To Spread Elm Street Assessment Thinner.

lawyer Truman H. Baldwin, representing
1,600 property owners who have been aasessed
for the Flm street improvement, appeared
before the Board of Public Improvements
yesterday to urge that the board enlarge the
area of assessment. The aret of assessment
extenda from the Battery to East | hirty-fourth
street for a varying distance east and west of a
line drawn through the centre of Film street
Property as far east as First avenue and Allen
street, including docks below Pike street, and
ne far west as Fifth avenue and Wooster streat,
{a xffected) Mr. Baldwin {nstanced the Grand
Ceutral station as a property the business of
whieh would be increased. The hearing was
set for Noy. 21

Killed Her Three Children and Herself.
CHARLOTTE, N. C,, Oct. 24.—At Huntersville,
about fifteen miles from Charlotte, Carrie Cald
well this afternoon murdered her three

children, aved 2, 4.and 6 years respectively, ard
then killed herself. The weapon used was an old
dullrazor The woman had lost her father end
mother within a week It is supposed that her
grief over her parents’ death caused insanity

Guardian Trast Company Case Goes Over.
Kawnras City, Mo. Oct, 24.—The application

of John W. Gates and others for the appoint-
ment of a receiver for the Guardian Trust Com-

SE

pany and a permanent order preventing the |

holding of the proposed election of directors,
was called in the Federal Court this noon, and
by mutual consent was continued unt la week
from to-morrow

 

 

“e . J 1

If a woman's crown of glory
is her hair, Jessie Fraser, of
Fine, N. Y., must be a queenly
woman. She wrote us, last
January, that her hair was
nearly 64 inches long and very
thick.

And she gave Ayer’s Hair
Vigor all Re credit for it.
Ayer'’s Hair Vigor may do
this for you.

We don’t claim the 64 inches
every time, though,

J. C. Aver Company,
Lowell, Mass.

Practical Chemists,

 

Ayer's Sarsaparilla
Ayer's Pills
Ayer's Ague Cure

Ayer's Hair Vigor
Ayer's Cherry Pecesral
Ayer's Comatone

 

FSTERHAZY HAD A DBSCRIPTION OF
THE 120" CANNON, “eo

foformation Dreyfas Was Accused of Selling

to @ Foreign Gevernment Contained inva

Book Found in Esterbazy’s Reoms—Col,

Piequart Gets Jedgment for Libel
Speetal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Panis, Oct, 24.~Judement was given to-day
in the long-standing Jibel action of Col, Pio-
quart, who was so prominently identified with
the Dreyfiis case, against the Jour, a Paria
newspaper. The manager of the journal
was fined 2,000 france, MM, Possien and Calli,
the authors of the libellous articles, were #en-
tenced to six months’ and a month's imprison-
ment respectively. The defendants were fur-
ther jointly condemned to pay 30,000 francs
damages and to pay for the insertion of the
Judgment in sixty news;apors,

Maitre Labori, who was Dreyfus‘s principal
counsel and who was shot during the court-
martial proceedings at Rennes, represented
Col Ploquart. The main libel was an assertion
that Col Piequart went to Carlsruhe and In-
terviewed Col Schwartzkoppen, formerly Mili-
tary Attaché of the German Embassy in Paris.

Colnetdant with this Judgment the books and
furniture of the notorious Major Esterhazy,
who was one of the principal accusers of Drey-
fus, hasjust been sold at auctionat the Chateau
de San Martin. Ano ig the books found there
wasoneentitied “Theorie dus anon 120Court.”
lt was the details of the gun thus described
that Dreyfus was accused of communicating.
to a foreign Power.

Since the libels appeared the Jour haa ceased
to exist. Consequently the sixty advertise-
monte ordered by the Court cannot be pub-
lished. The manager has disappeared and It is
not probable that he can be traced. Possien and
Galll will appeal, thereby protracting the caae,
which the Jour'’e lawyers had already suo-
ceeded in deferring for two years. This will
likely enable the culprits to escape the con-
sequences of their lies, which were deliberately
invented to tnjure Col, Pioquart, as they may
beneit from the Government's impending
amnesty.

GETTING SOUTH AFRICAN BUSINESS,

Mining Companies Place Orders Here, but the
British Goverament Has Not Done So,
Special Cadle Deapaich to THE SUN,

Lonpon, Oot. 2.—The War Office has tasued
@ confirmation of the statement made by Mr.
Wyndham, Parliamentary Secretary of that
department, regarding the placing of contranta
for material for South Africa with American
firms. The War Office quotes from a message
sent by Gen. Roberts from Pretoria, in which
he says:

“Referring to vonr telegram of Oot. 19, no
orders have been placed by Major Gtrouard
(Military Director of the Bouth African rail-
ways), I believe that Werner & Beit, in behalf
of mining firma, owing to the Inability of Fng-
lish houses to complete the orders in time,
have placed orders in America.”

THE LEADING BREEZE
SAVED,

 

Crew oF

Taken off the Sinking Schooner and Carried
te Queenstown by the Commonwealth.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THER SUN,
QverNsTowNn, Oct, 24... The steamer Com-
monwealth, which arrrived here to-day, had on
board Capt. Dorr and the crew of the American
schooner Leading Breeze, who were taken off
their vessel a few miles from Boston. The
leading Breeze, when she was abandoned, was
{na sinking condition. Shehad sprung a leak
during a gale. The crew proceeded to Liver-

pool.

 

The home port of the Leading Breeze is Ma-
chias, Me

 

PRENCH STRFAMER SUNK; 24 LOST,
Collisien in a Dense Feg Of the Spanish
Coast.

Spectal Cable Despaich to TRE SUN.

Maprip, Oct. 24.-lhe French steamships
Mitidjah and Faidherbe were in collision dur-
ing a dense fog off Alicante, a seaport of the
provinces of Valencia, to-day. The Mitidjah
sank [nt wenty-flve minutes and twenty-four per-
sons were drowned. Fight others managed to
ecramble on board the Faidherbe, which,
though seriously damaged, reached Alicante,

BANK AT

 

AMFRICAN ROTTERDAM,

Will Be Fstablithed to Finance the American
Petroleum Company's Operations.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Lonxpon, Oct. 25..-The Financial News pub-
lishes a despatch from Brussels stating that a
bank is about to be established at Rotterdam
with American capital, The principal purpose of
the bank apparently fs to finance the numerous
operations connected with the Amertean Petro-
leum Company and similar concerns, The
share capttal will be 20,000,000 florins, one-third
of which will be issued immediately

CHIGI FINED 363,000,

The Amount He Got for a Famous Paisting
Sold to an American.

 

PRINCE

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN

Romeg, Oct. 24-—-Prince Chigi, who was found
@ullty yesterday of having violated the law
against selling valued works of art In die
posing of Botticelli's farnous painting of “The
Virgin and Child,” was arraigned in court to-
day and waa sentenced to pay a fine of $15,000
franes, which is the price he is said to have
received from an American for the painting,

Americans at Law Courts’ Dinner,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
London, Oct. 24--Ambaasador Joseph HA.
Choate and ex- United States Senator Manderaon
of Nebraska were quests at the lunch of the
Judges on the opening of the law courts to-day
Celontal Secretary Going to Malta,
Special Cabe Despatch to THE BUN
Mata, Oct. 24.—It I stated that Colonial
Secretary Joseph Chamberlain will pay a visit
to Sir Franeia Wallace Grenfell, the Governor
of Malta, on Noy. 6.

 

 

Acter John Hare Sallis for This Country.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.
TLonpon, Oct. 24.--Mr. John Hare, the well-
known actor and manager, and his compeny
have salled for New York on the White Star Line
steamer Teutonic

Holland's Queea Will Wed on Jan. 17,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Tae Hacur, Oct. 24.--The wedding of Queen
Wilhelmina and Duke Henry of Mecklenburg-
Schwerin has been fixed forJan, 17, 1901,

Close of the Paris Fixposition en Nor, 11,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Parts, Oct. 24. The Exposition will close
on Nov. 11. On one of the last days the public
will be admitted free
Wolseley to Wait for Roberts.
Spectal Codie Despatch to THR SUN,
TLonpos, Oct 25 -The Standard announces
that lord Wo seles'’s tenure of office as Com-
mander-in-Chief of her Majosty’s forces, which
nomirally terminates on Oct. 31, will be ex-
tended, owing to the prolongation of Gn
Roberts's stay in South Africa, It was hoped
when Gen, Roberts's succession to Gen Wolse-
levy was gazetted that he would be able to beg.n
his new duties on Nov. 1

Schreiner Leaves the Cape Parliament.
Special Cable Despateh to THe SuN.

Cape TOWN, Oct. 24--Ex-Prime Minister
Schreiner, who represented Malmesbury in the
House of Assembly, has resigned his seat
owing to the attacks made up n him by mem-
bers of the Afrikander Bond and others.

 

Remember This—

When an advertiser has something of real walue to
dispose of, he first goes to THE SUN'S advertising
columns withit Herelv is he compelled to wy fur
ther.—Ada

N

     

EST &CO

PUTIAN BAZ, Girls’ Dresses,
uv AR

Cloaks and Millinery

Should be youthful in style and selected with careful
attention as to their adaptability to the age and appearance of
the wearer, and nowhere can this be done so well as at the
Children’s Store, where trained experts make children’s
needs their sole study.

Never before in the history of our establishment have
qwe shown such a complete and varied assortment in all lines
necessary to the complete outfitting of Children—you can
here supply every want, avoiding the delay and vexations
incident ;to shopping, feeling assured that every article ts
correct and reliable in style, quality and price.

Novelties In Every Department, Goods Not Found Elsewhere,

60-62 West 23d Street.

 

 

 

 

 

B. Altman & Eo.

THE FASSO CORSET

ts now Ming introduced tn vartous new styles, inclad-
ing the latest improvements tn the ‘‘Marte Antotnette,”’
| ““Carmen,”’ ‘‘Hernant’’ and “‘Comtesse’’ Straight-
Front models. Several exclusive designs in the
‘*Rejane’’ Ribbon Corset (made tn their own work-
room) are also shown from which special orders can
be taken and made from handsome Imported Ribbons.

 

 

 

 

CAPE TOWN WELCOMES BULLER,

 

He Predicts Prosperity for South Africa
Uader One Flag.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
Froma Staff Correspondent.

Carr Town, Oct. 24—An enormous and en-
thustaatic gathering witnessed the presentation
of addresses to Gen. Buller this afternoon. In
replying Gen Buller said he had felt extreme
pleasure in commanding troops who had been
trained by him. He paid a high tribute to the
devotion, loyalty and bravery of the soldiers,
especially mentioning the South African Light
Horse. Hesaid that after the war it was hoped
that there would be permanent peace, when all
the people would be alike under one flag, all
foining in the creation of one common country
It would be impossible, however, to secure per-
manent peace unless the very best feeling was
shown by those who had the best of the fight

The Town Council entertained Gen. Buller
at luncheon, In replying to a toast to his
honor Gen. Buller said that when he arrifed

here at the outbreak of the war he found the

same spirit of determination to uphold the | of the “knowing ones” are directed our way.
flag and defend ite rights pervading the colo- | The values that we have delivered in suits
nists as he found when he was last here, twenty | and overcoats during the past ten seasons are
years ago. There was no doubt that if Sir | responsible for our large following. For

Bartle Frere had been supported in the policy
he had been despatched from England to carry
through in 1878 much misery would have been
prevented in South Africa. Fortunately, Gov,
Sir Alfred Milner had been supported. He
was sure that the spectacles through which
South African affairs were now looked upon
by those in power in England were considerably
better than they were twenty yearsago. From
that he deduced that the sacrifices made and
the misery endured by the people of South
Africa had not been in vain. Henceforth
South Africa would be a prosperous country
under one flag

 

we make to-arder a suit or overcoat that can-
not be duplicated any where else for double
our price,

W. C. LOFTUS & CO,,

Sun Building, Near Brooklyn Bridge
AND
1191 Broadway, Near 28th St.

JAPANESE —
Ant, ta

SPECIAL SALE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
(‘Thursday and Friday.)

CURIOS AND ANTIQUES
At Very Low Prices.
TOZO TAKAYANAGI,

12 East Sixteenth Street,
Between Broadway and Fifth Ave.

 

ATTACKS BY THE BOERS.

 

Settle'’s Rear Guard Surprised and Twenty
Weunded-—Bothavilic Burned.

Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN,

Cape Town, Oct. 24.—A despatch from Hoop-
stad, Orange River Colony, says Gen. Settle's
column {is doing a great deal toward pacify-
ing the disturbed district In that neighborhood
Thecolumn halted at night recently and therear |
guard was attacked by the Boers, who poured
in a heavy rifle fire. The Boers crapt up over
the sand and were not heard until they poured
in several volleys. The British had twenty
wounded, Subsequently, when returning to
Hoepstad, the colurnn was sniped at by nine
Boers who were concealed behind the bush
on the river bank. A well-aimed shrapnel
shell was sent intothebush, Light of the Boers
were killed and the ninth, who was wounded,
surrendered.
Gen, Hunter's column has burned the village
of Bothaville, thirty miles from Commandos
Drift, to the ground. The reason for this was
that the Boers in that vicinity had been snip-
ing at the British continuously attached here to the utterances of Mr. T
LONDON, Oct. 24-—Lord Roberts telegraphs | st. John Gaffney of New York to the effect th t

from Pretoria, under date of Oct. 22, as follows President Kri ger's mission to Europe is ‘e
French reached Bethel on Oct. 20. He was | induce the Powers not to recognize British
opposed during the greater part of his march | sovereignty in South Africa and that th
from Carolina, Erroll has reached Buffels- | president a the ‘hana sal ean id ee nie
hoek and Settle has reached Hoopstad. Meth- | visit the Untted States Mr Gaten eu a

|

)

'

   

 

DON'T KNOW T. ST. JOHN GAFFNEY,

Beer Sympatbizers in Holland Say He Is Mis-
informed Abowt Krager’'s Plans.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun

Tne Waoatr, Oct. 24.-Little credence {s

uen's convoy was attacked near Zeerust on | jyrely : ;
; utely unknown in iloliand, ey

Oct. 20, and Barton was attacked at Frie- partisans lis. de Seartony = to the Boer

derickstad. Paget has captured sixteen Boers we +, ar 60 totally

and a number of cattle and sheep.”

oppose d to those made by President Kruger
and the Dutch Consul at Lorenzo Marques
that ft is believed here that he has either been
BOER COMMANDANT DEAD. misquoted or has been misinformed as to the

ex-President’s intentions

 

De Villiers Succambs to Wounds Recetved tn
Battle,

Speetal Cable Despatch to THE Sun,

Carz Town, Oct. 24. The Boer Commandant
De Villiers has died at Bloemfonteln of wounds |
received in battle

Neo Peace Under British Flag, Says Montage
White,

SAN FRAncisco, Oct. 24.--Montagu White,
former Consul of the Tranavaal Republic in
London, is now in this eit He says his visit
isssinpiv one «f health and sigh seeing. There
be peace in the Transvaal while the
flonts the he says,

Commandant De Villiers surrendered to the |
British on July 30 He had been seriously |
wounded in the fighting at Senekalin June.

can never

| flag of England

e Packets or TEN 10¢
LARGESIZE «© 5» 45S