yin
he

Maar 5

—

|

 

New Publicutions,

The Youd Lawyer and
Fis Beginnings
Senator LM bert f, BEwerid ge

In this week’s number—— date of October 27

THE SATURDAY
EVENING POST

OF PHILADELPHIA

| THE COLLEGE MAN’S NUMBER

The Diary of a Harvard Freshman
By Charles Macomb Flandrau

A Princeton Ghost Story, By Jesse Lynch Williams
Her Fiancé— A Story of Smith College
Fallacies About Training, By Eustace H. Miles,M.A.

INDECENT PICTURES IN HIS ROOM,

Aged Man, Arrested on Charge of Grandson,
Says He Is Victim of Conspiracy.

George W. Pond, a war veteran, 78 years old,
of 142 Franklin street was arraigned before
Magistrate Steers in the Adams street police
court, Brooklyn, yesterday, on a charge of
having in his possesssion improper photo
graphs He was arrested by Anthony Com-
stock and Detective Sergeant Price who testi-
fled that they found the pictures in the bed-
room of the prisoner. The complainant was
John R. Fletcher, the twenty-year-old grand-
son of the accused, who lives at 49 Powers
street. The grandson testified that his grand-
father showed him the pictures in May last
and in June gave him two of them which he
immediately turned over to his mother, Mrs
Alva Fletcher. The witness said when he first
saw the pictures David E. Gibbs was also
present

“You know of course,” Fletcher was asked
by counsel, “that your mother is named as
corespondent in a suit that Mrs. Gibbs has
brought against her husband for a divorce?
Do you know that this charge against your

randfuther was never made until the papers |

n that suit were served?”

“I know of the suit,” said the witness; “I got
the pictures from my «randfather at the request
of my mother.”

David E Gibbs testified that he had seen the
photographs in Mr_ Pond's house He acknowl-

edged that he had not been on good terms
with Mr P nd and th at he had oes n fined $10
for assaulting the old man He tted that
his wife was suing him for a div - e and that

Mrs Fletcher wa Damed as corespondent

| cutor

| terday that the verdict wi

Mr. Pond test ad that he he ad never seen the
plytres before he say { them in W
“Tam not on good terms with my daughter |

or this man Gibbs, he said
began when I f rbad
hin. She came to me o
confeased that
for elgiit years ¢
shoot her, There »
room at the time who 1% prove th
say is true I never would try to c«
morals « of my grandson Lam over 7

ze and never had any desire
pictures in my possession

The witness said the door of his room was
always open and that anybody w! vas in the
house could get into it Magistrate Steers held
Mr Pood for thea ti on of the Court of Specia
Sessions. His counsel contends that the arrest
of his client is a part of a conspiracy and that
the pictures were put in Mr Pond’s room so
that Anthony Comstock would have no trouble
in finding them when he visited the place

  
  
   
 

 

 

iS
years of
to have such

 

PHYSICIAN NABS A BURGLAR,

With the Loss of a Bunch of Whiskers,
the Thief Bit Oat In the Struggle,
Two burglars who were soared out of the
apartments of Morris Nitchkowitz at 106 El-
dridge street early yesterday morning climbbd
down the fire escape and over a fence into the
back yard of the house of Dr. Markiewicz at
62 Rivington street. The doctor's watchdog
barked and the doctor, hastily putting on a

Which

bathrobe, rust ied ir ito the y ard and grappled

é 4 her burglar
* and was he {at the ra-
nan Haugh of tt e EK}

with one of e}
jumped over the fer
volver 4 point by Police
dridge atre r
tive surrer
were Wolf
mon Tt
sex Ma
Dr. Mari Zz
had bitt en away at

 

  

BENEFIT OF FREEDOM OF OPINION,

 

Woolsey Sees Its Ilinstration ta
Philipploe Discussion.

New Haven, Conn,

Prof. the

Oct. 24. -Prof. Theodore

 

S. Woolsey, professor of {nternatior al law at
Yale University, siidin a lecture to one of his
ciasses here to-day: ‘There is a certain claas
of people in the United States t iy who were
agains he ahowar ana how arguing
OK st our | of the 1 lees 4

th how t help thinking t these
people are ver oh mista the very fact
of t ropposition goes to st y tha ir coun
try wi iwa be povernec of right
aod wrong, Ini neland at t tthe Boer
war the Government was 1 icoount
Sue) an attempt would ' possible in
Russia, and we should be ipyy that it can

exist here "

and wept and |

     
   

Rew Publications.

A NEGRO GETS 20 YEARS,

Leaders of Mob That ‘Attacked the Jail and
Killed the Depaty Sheriff Indicted for Marder:

NRw ORLEANS, La., Oct 24.—Horace Hunt,
the negro charged with attempted criminal
assauit upon Miss Frances (swell, tn Lake
Charles, and whose arrest and confinement led
to an attack upen the jail by a mob with the
{intention of lynching Hunt, and to the shooting
and ki lling by the ob of the deput y sheriff,
Paul wt ised to atl nd
prisoner,
to twenty
at

   
 
 
    

 

 

 

he wan taki fo itr
after his and carried on the fir
to the ary

The Grand J iry {indicted for murder Ross
Tohnson i Wiliam Daniels, leaders of the
mob which attacked the jail at id killed Sloane,
the deputy They will be tried at once

JERSEY JURY'S QUEER VERDICT,
Acquit Woman ef Abduction Charge—Judge
Says Decision Is Outrageous.

Maud Thompson, 21 years old, created a atir
in the General Sessions Court, Jersey City, yes-
terday afternoon, by fainting away when dis-
charged by Judge Blair. She was acquitted by
a ury Tuesday of a charge of abducting foure
teen-year-old Mary Shapiro of 142 First street,
but was returned to the county jail after P rose.
James S Erwin had characterized the
verdict as a travesty on justice ihe State
witnesses testified that the defer \dant had lured
the girl from her home to manti
and held her prisoner | hotel jor four daya,
No defence waa putin. Judge Blat r sald Yra-
an outrage, The

WW

eo, Conn.,

   

Court directed the pro ecutor to notify the
Sher ff not to appoint any of the twelve jurore
to panels in the future

 

Hew Publications,

; s

~~ Lee ee
9°BECAUSE WE
{WANT TO KNOW"

822222222222

“Don’t bother me —I'm too
busy,” is too often the remark
from a grown-up person to a child
who really wants to know.

The new “Nature and Science”
department in St, NICHOLAS Ma-
GAZINE (the best periodical in the
world for children) makes a point
of answering questions—all kinds
of questions about birds and trees
and experiments in physics and
things generally worth knowing.
The editor understands boys and
girls.

Get a copy of the November number
of ST. NICHOLAS on any news-stand and
see howi interesting itis. It begins the $
new volume, A year's subseriptia mncosts

$3.00,—- the best possible investment in

a home where there are young folks,

The Century Co,
UNION SQUARE, NEW YORK

“THE EX-TANKS."

   
  

“If you bay eT seen @ Horse Race or played
Poker, you w Joy this book " :
Atall | ook Stores, Price, 50 Cents.

G. W, DILLINGHAM CO., Publishers, N, Y,

RISH NOVELS, Legend
Poetry, Bio

History, Speeches, oe rs,
ctaphies, &c. PRATT, 161 6th at

 

Hew ‘Bubiications,

nen On rrr

Subscribing
For The
YOurH'S

 

~~

€asons

or

    

 

 

‘Rew Publications

    
   

  

  

 

Rew Publications,

   

   
  
     

The Saturday Evening Post has been regularly published for™172
years. Is a handsomely printed and illustrated weekly magazine, with a
circulation of 250,000 copies weekly. All newsdealers sell it at
Five Cents the copy. By subscription now One Dollar a Year (re-
duced from $2.50). If your dealer hasn't it send us 25 Cents
for a Three Months’ Trial.

THE CURTIS PUBLISHING COMPANY, PHILADELPHIA, PA.
Publishers of THE LADIES’ HOME JOURNAL

SCRIBNERS

FOR NOVEMBER

 

BECAUSE, by subscribing Now for 1901 you will
recelve Free all the remaining issues for 1900,
including the Special Holiday Numbers.— See
offer below.

  
   
  
    
   
  
  
  

BECAUSE you will receive as a special gift the
beautiful Puritan Girl Calendar for 1901, designed
and lithographed in color expressly for The
Companion.

BECAUSE The Companion will bring to you In 4
each of the next 14 months as much good reading ; |
as a magazine of 500 pages. |

BECAUSE every coming Issue will contain from
three to six capital stories by the most popular
writers of fiction.

 

BECAUSE, through The Companion’s special artl-
cles you will immediately make the acquaintance
of men and women distinguished the world over |
for their achievements in literature, science, ex-
ploration and statesmanship.

AFOMANIGTAS

 

THE GREAT SIBERIAN RAILWAY

RUSSIA OF TO-DAY by Henry Norman
Many illustrations from photographs

CROSS STREETS OF NEW YORK by Jesse
Lynch Williams Drawings by many artists

THE WHEEL OF TIME a Story by Mary
C. Lee Illustrated in. colors by F. D. Steele

LANDSCAPE FEATURES OF THE, PARIS
EXPOSITION by Samuel Parsons Jr.

A CAMERA AT THE FAIR by D. L. Elmendorf

STORIES AND ARTICLES by Henry James,
Rebecca Harding Davis, R. Wilsted, and others

BECAUSE, In the first number of The Companion
that you will receive you will welcome to your
home an added Influence toward high thinking
and worthy living.

BECAUSE The Companion opens a window through
which all the members of the household in town
and country can get a clear view of the history of
the times.

BECAUSE you cannot make a better investment of
$1.75 for yourself or your family, and the earlier
you Invest It the larger will be the return,

BECAUSE The Companion’s editorial articles are
fair and impartial, and its record of current events
Is invariably trustworthy.

BECAUSE The Companion's new volume for 1901
promises to excel that of any former year. Illus-

 

 

 

trated prospectus and sample copies of the paper O EA P ICE 2 CENTS
pt hy NOW READY R 5
SENTRY SHOT WRONG MAN, | CATMOLIC UNIVERSITY LOSES.
Civillan, Mistaken a ena pi Instantly | most Pay Builders’ Liens on Property It Own,
Hed t sa aa °
HOSE who subscribe now, sending $1.75 with | 7 o by — ook ; ward | @n Riversids Drive.
Sanpy OK, Nod, Oct, 24 esday morn y ‘atholi nieve - = de

this slip or the name of this publication, will lina Matis Vice acta yi ill et. ome itholic Uni greed on June 1,
receive all the numbers of The Companion for fantry drill, they 1 ved ord pure Riveraide Di a : ‘muse :
the remaining weeks of 1900 Free, and then the Private Brown of the Hospital Corps, wi 4' ©. Dexter for $100,000 : : steer

scaped fr the 14 dl ~ ere he ' } tr J t
issues for 52 weeks, a full year, until January 1, | car dlp dy lpia Mags | of $50,000 th ‘ exter
} had Deen ir urre ( Week of i ive unde the ‘ e i < Ge

1902. This offer includes the gift of the new | af desert : guard *as placed alone the |. eae v ~ pon .
Companion Calendar, in 12 color printings from | bay shore bet ween Sandy Hook Poi 1 Hiwh- | g9.00n more on Dec. | hen | ix war

exquisite designs painted expressly for The Com. pu. _ ; rey ue ereey aoe a . + Me | the deed, and t) $ tore
y b or alone ' i he Highiand main on we ’ ! x te “
panion, a souvenir of rare and lasting beauty. About 9 © k last night on ds | media i ‘1 io ix ( " i"
F2b3 | saw aman takin is way through the shes for the ere rt of the
} toward the ba re and Commanded him to Rare for » per ce ‘ \ he « st of the

|} halt. fle did not do ind started to run | con dk . 2 tn it : a 82.5.0

+ aw Phe guard, thinkine t wa Brown, An Mr. Dexter did $ : nm Dac 1
THE YOUTH’S COMPANION, Boston, Mass. | mnt at hin, it” one tie steshne Iu ft | yt tet rn De
he rie side and or ne « ol ele de ert ind] aho { ngainat
| hea over Kiidhie pina a i \ t pr er I bie ‘ objected) to
The dead min was John Sorrensen, 21 years of | payi f et « which was not the

age, a@ native of Sweden, who had grown up | sort it wanted. and ed ta to fore.
on the block nd Was ery oyed by the Ord cl » the lic i a @ eve in the
LL nance Department t is supposed that he Supreme Court esterda gave udgment
In Honor of the Newest Saint. | Salle, founder of the order of Christian Broth- New Homes for Lock-ap School Inmates, Be is waar hing ed. killed, a " it ay nn for the lienor * ho pir dé Beck. and the sub-

7 > ' oe i atm ~OTTensen Was the cont etor eck ecei vec .
At St. Patrick's Cathedral on Fifth avenue a | ets The Board of Estimate requesied the Board | support of his mother and was well and tuvor- Dexter The Ju woe finds Bee i isentitid to

triduum, or three days of solemn services, will | Archbishop Martinelli, the Apostolic Delegate; of Managers of the Brookiyn Disciplinary | ably ‘known on Sandy Heo The guard whe $9,020.22 more,

be held on Nov 18, 14 and 15,in honor of the |
John Baptist de

newest Catholic saint

, St

Las

‘raining School yesterday to moke arrange-
menta with juvenile reformatories in the city to
eare for the inmates of the school.

, with interest and. gosts; John
Archbishop Corrigan; Bishop McDonnell of oo bim ls Under arrest ; A. Hamilton is to have, $014 56, ioe
Brooklyn, and Bishop Farley are to take part. PR hod not f far trom ihe guages 2

 

—_

“ee

 

 

——

i

ES

a nee

ne

ee

—-*

Sete. we