I

- = ae

.

HURSDAY, OCTOBER 25,

j fubacriptions by Mall, Postpaid,
1

V. per Month 4 so 50
Y. per Year eee ooo
¢AY, per Vear a
. J )
W AND SUNDAY, per \ea »
70

VY AND SUNDAYS, per Month
‘

mage bo forelen ¢ ended
New York Cty

Use Klosque near Grand Hotel, and
{ tea Capuelnes

que No ays Gagiere dd apelin

our friends who far ne h manuscripts for

feation wish (o have rejecte Jurticles returned, they
in all cases send stamps for (hat pur pose

New York and the Election,

(t all depends on New York; from the

ent outlook, the candidate who carries

Empire State will be the

next Presi
Siafe, a Bryanite hewspapel
and undoubtedly
At every election for
cessful candidate
that

> gays the

South Carolina
dgment is sound
esident since IS72 the sii
as curried New York, I
ithout the Electoral votes of New York
Rant would | heen im 1872
LEVELLAND in iso2 and McWINLEY iti 1806,
ut the drift of political sentiment in New

 

its

is

%
M— York at all the lust seven elections for Pres

dent has invariably indicated the prevalent

drift inthe Union

That is one reason why the confidence
in the election of Mr. MeKINLRY Is) se
complete in commercial and financial
cirelea in this city and throughout the
nion why the stock market) is) as
ioyant as if the election had already
aken place and was not yet two weeks
ff. Practically the whole business com-
nunity of this city and State is againat

PRY AN, and its relations with all the rest of
ointimate that itis sensitive
the
mo-

he Union ares
to the political feeling in ey ery part,
consequence Was that from the very
tof the nomination of Bryan at Kansas

ner

ats the result of the election Was looked
upon in New York as a ft regone conelusion,
and net alone among the business com-
munity but also among betting men, who

at once offered odds on MCKINLEY of 4to1
This absolute confidence Was so pervasive
and se complete that tothe campaign man-
agers it seemed “apathy It meant only
thar the great question raised anew‘ by the
nomination of Bryan was settled finally in
all intelligent minds in 1896, and, in the minds
of the great majority of the citizens of New
York, settled against Bryan,

Che registration has shown that we are
going to have at this election the greatest
vote in the history of New York, in both the
city and State, and all the Indications of
the drift of public sentiment are that it is
the same now then No expe-
rienced and watchful Democratic politician
in New York has the least hope of carrying
the State for Bryan, no matter how loud
he may be in hia professions of satisfaction

ais it waa

with the outlook, The betting odda on
McKINLEY grow more as the election ap-
proaches

The State of New York, outside of the
city, as BoURKE CocKRAN said in his famous
speech at Chicago in 1892, is as securely,
as unchangeably Republican as 1s Vermont,
The only chance of electing an opposing
candidate lies in a great Democratic ma-
jority in this city. No politician of either
party looks for any such majority this year.
At most it will be very small, with the pos-
sibility of a majority for Mr. McKINLEY
to be added to the great majority he is sure
to get in the State outside.

Taking New York as the test, the South
Carolina paper can safely proceed to base
all its arrangements on entire confidence
tn the reélection of Mr. McKINLEY.

The New National Sentiment.

We print elsewhere on this page a letter
from a Southern-born resident of New
York, a ‘Tennesseean, which expresses a
change of sentiment that will be of the
greatest advantage to the Southern States
when it extends, as surely it will extend,
from the four-fifths of our correspondent’s
Southern acquaintance here to all the
intelligent and reasonable citizens of those
States themselves

He and his friends
MeKiniry, though they
birth and he wonders at the transformation
in them and in himself which makes pos-
sible a political sympathy that runs so
directly counter to the sentiment of the
“solid South.” Asking for an explanation
of the change he queries whether, “ after
all, have we been fighting a foe that doesn't
exist and defending something we cannot
define?

Our friend has found, as every South-
erner who becomes acquainted with the
finds-and the

will vote for Mr

 

tone of Northern society

number of such is steadily and greatly
increasing and bringing to the Northern
States a valuable addition of superior
ability. that here no sectional feeling is
discoverable ar@ that political sentiment

is moulded solely by regard for the welfare

of the whole Union, It is an American
sentiment not Northern nor thern,
Fastern nor Western, but comprehensive
of all the Republic, with each part inierde
pendent, so that benefit or injury to one
reacts beneficial wv injuriously on all the
rest That is, it is a national sentiment
from which sectionalism or provincialism
has been excluded wholly

   

Never before was this feeling so strong
and so pervasive as it is now under the stim-

ation of a cancordance in political con
viction unexampled in our bistory The
question of the tariff, which onee divided
political opinion sharply, has been elimi
nated, at least for the time being. The
purely sectional division created by it) in
the past no neer eXists As a question
of practical 4 tics the tariff does not
appear ven as a question for academic
diacussion it has been removed almost
wholly from the forum of debate. The

platform on Whieh Bryan is running care
fully avoids assault
tection, for the political fusion of which he
is the representative would be made jm
nossible declaration, Mining
and manufacturing development in the
South, so remarkable of recent years and
so sure to continue at an increasingly rapid
rate of progress, has stilled opposition to
the tariff in that part of the Union,

The currency issue raised by Bryan in
1898 broke the political solidity of the
Southern States, so far as those on the border
were concerned; and in this campaign it
is even more uniting in opposition the
intelligence of the whole Union and break-
ing down the mischievous sectional spirit
of the past. It has also broken down bar-
riers raised by old political prejudices. As

on the policy of pro

by such a

 

ne no lines of division drawn
erula® Waud Avid. Reo dhs
te stil govern 19,0000) of black citiz

‘as of

 
     

to resist the new party gathered together
under the leadership of Baya
Under such conditions, of course, there

is no reason why the new cal unity
Khould not extend to every part of the
Union So far as concerns the main issues
of the Bryanite fusion, the interests of

North and South, Kast and — est are iden:
tical, ‘Those new fasues are vital in their
i) portance and they have relegate tt) ob-

acurity questions of difference which em-

bittered our past histor , even front)
very foundation of the Republic The
ground was made clear for the entranee

of this new development of rolitics by the

estinetion cf the slavery which drew a
sharp line of distinction between North
ant South. In. eivilization ant political
organization tie two are identical. It

haa been demonstrated to the outh by
u generation's experience that in getting rid
of servile labor it threw off an incubus re-
to it |

ita

injurious
influence

tarding advancement

socially,

ita
on
of the rest

and of sinister
polities pnd oon the judgment
of the Union and of the world

It is that th
4 still pushet forward in some =

true negro question

determining political signifleance;
Nut as all reasonable men see, it has really
no such place and no pertineney at all to
the present period of political unity brought
the drowning the nominal
Democratic party in the Bryanite fusion,
Ihe Southern S ates in which the negroes

about by of

are numerous enough to ye of capital politi-
cal importance, haye it within their power
deal with the satisfactorily

question |
io themselves without rent
|

offending

to

ihe Constitution or the reasonable senti
ment of the reat of the Union, Negro
abor being essential to the development |

of the South and under present conditions
giving it a notable advantage in the indus. |
trial prudence will

alone !
dictate just treatment of the negroes politi-
|

competition,
cally and otherwise. All fear of “ social
equality " has been dissipated by the actual
experience under freedom Phe old
of slavery,” of which our corre-
spondent speaks, has been laid
of difference South
which produced -o
asperation in the past has been removed, |
and with it the Constitutional
theory and political motive which generated

ghost
The cause

North |
much and so fatal ex-

hetween and

has gone
|

it, with consequences so appalling
Our friend who wonders at the change
of feeling in himself and his acquaintance |
in New York has simply come to gecognize |
the new conditions, as eventually they will |
be recognized by all Southerners, Whether |

they remain in the South or follow his
example in coming to more northern
States. Those very terms should pass
away as having no real significance, for

even climatically the difference between
the two parts of the Union is not decided |
enough to justify the arbitrary distinction, |
“Intolerance” on either side is indicative |

narrowness inconsistent with the

of a

| expansion and development and increasing

 

|
|

a» int” PARROT, Se swengy, and

' the Democratic organization in New York,
are of Southern |

this |

unity of sentiment that are making
Republic the greatest power in cly ilization,
Sectional feeling is replaced by national
feeling

The Union, one and inseparable, now
and forever; the American Republic the
foremost nation of the world, the master
of trade and commerce and finance and
the leader of the civilization of the twen-
tieth century—that conception of the}
grandeur of American citizenship sweeps
away all the petti-ess of sectional prej-
udice and hostility as the chaff and

refuse it is

A Mob; Not a Party.

The Kansas City platform called anti-
imperialism paramount The Hon, D. L.
SNODGRASS, conspicuous among the Demo-
crata of Tennessee, maintains that the propo-
sition to alienate the Philippines ts absurd,
and his opinion is echoed throughout the

South
Next to their anti-expansion  iasue,
the Democrats-afraid-of their-candidate

like to put the plank expatiating on the
enormity of trusts But the Hon, ALLEN
McDrerMortT, the foremost Democrat of
New Jersey, says openly that the érusta |
are not at issue |
The one plank of the Chicago platform to |
be specifically reaffirmed at Kansas City |
was the free silver plank, But the Hon
James K, McGuire, a leading official of
says that free silver is not an issue
Bedlam would not be advisable as a party
to be intrusted with the Government of the
United States, but its credentials for that
task can searcely be less than a party of
such patched and contradictory views on
polities as the Democracy of to day,
faking the public declarations of its states-
men, one could predict the policy of the
Democracy with more surety than
he could predict the policy of Bedlam
There is still a radical difference between |
the two groups. The Democratic mob is
tinged with the red color that hates the

no

courts

The Hon. Richard Croker Is Right.

The subjoined despatch, printed in Tue
Sun of yesterday morning, will have par
interest for the Hon, Ricnarp

It illustrates, in one branch of
highly sped ialized industry, the general
truth of his discerning remarks on the
relation of the Philippine question to the
future welfare of the young men of this

ticular
CROKER

eountry
N. ¥., Oct President SCHURMAN
unnounced to gay that the New York State
College of I had been requested to furr
six professional foresters for the Philippine Isla

ITHACA, 23,
f Cornell ay

restr) ish

   

da,
Four students have signified their willingness to go.”

When Mr. Croker demanded that the
Philippine Islands be retained by our Goy
ernment in order to provide an additional
outlet for the energies of the young men |
of America-a generation, as he truthrully |
said, abounding lite,
bition he uttered an
ig would be difficult for
answer successfully

Mr. Bryan
about the young

in hope and am-
argument which |

Mr BRYAN to

professes great solicitude
men and their chances
and prospects in life. What to
propose for their benefit? A’ dishonest
dollar, certain il! defined legislation
reatraint of legitimate business
and a restriction of the geograpi
tory open to the young and
American citizen!

How infinitely wiser, sounder and more
promising is the Hon Richard CRrokeEn’s
proposition He does not waste his brain
and voice in Vague rhetorical lamentations
concerning ABsaLoM. His practical mind
grasps the problem‘and perceives the rea!
solution.

Here we have new territory, saya Mr.
Croker, which our national honor im-
peratively requires that we should retain
at any cost of money or blood; and at the
same time it affords an unequalled colonial
the

. &—

haus he

in
enterprise,
cal terri
ambitious

our young men, continues Mr, Croker,
“a chance to develop our newly acquired
possessions, and build up a country rivaling
in grandeur and patriotism our own United
States?"

Mr. BRYAN says No to Mr. Croker, but
{t is Mr. CuokkR, not Mr, Bryan, that sees
the farther and the more clearly in the
of the young men of America,
Ihe Philippines, as Mr, Croker so early
pointed out, afford a magnificent oppor-
tunity for then in the future. ‘There will
be fame and fortune there awaiting thou-
of young American merchants,
enpineers,  plysicians, planters, manu-
facturers, and bright, hustling youth In
every department of business and pro-
fessional activity. They will only have to
carry across the Pacifle the same courage
and perseverance and acute Yankee genius
with whieh their fathers and their grand-
ed the giant job of develop-
the indi-

interest

sands

fathers athick

ing our oWn Western territory,
Vidtial rewards Will be the same, the results
jmiviar f civilication and progress,

\ cougiatulate the Hon, RicHarD
Chonkh © dus profound appreciation of

ab halon i opportunity, and his dis-
niervested concern for the welfare of the
rivina veneration

A Fatal Mistake.

It is unfortunate for Mr. Bryan that he
has given so much of his time and breath
to attacking the Peace Treaty, the ratifl-
eation of which he urged upon Democratic
Senators. If buying Filipinos at $2.50
a head was wicked, he should have found
it out at the time, He should have fought
the treaty if he wished to fight expansion
or imperialism fo accept the treaty
and then to squawk continuously against

Was a poor business; and Mr. Bryan
has never been able to give any even moder-
ately plausible excuse for it

His error was much more than a piece
of inconsistency or sharp and small political
chicane. By seeking to make imperialism
the main issue, he has put himself and his
in the fatal position of opposing the

party

setitiment of American nationality that
has been more than a hundred years
in growing, that by means of the Civil |

War triumphed definitively over the cen
trifugal and provincial tendencies,
received new strength and scope in the
Spanish war,
of American territory, The man and the
party that advise, with however much or
little of sincerity, that these trophies of
American valor be given up, anger the
sentiment of nationality, of American pride
and patriotism

The New England Federalista allowed
themselves to be goaded by JB&FFERSON'S
Embargo into such a blind anti-national
fury that th party faded away, The
Democrats who declared the Civil War
a failure made certain the long exclusion
of their party from power, The one act of
Grover CLEVELAND'sAdministrations whioh
was approved by practically the whole
nation was his course in the Venezuela in-

er

cident, when he appealed to the supreme |

sentiment of American nationality

Mr. Bryan has offended this tmperious
feeling. His sympathies are not given to
the United States but to {ts bushwhacker

foes in Luzon, He must content himself
with AQUINALDO'S prayers The votes
of Americans will not choose him for

President.

 

 

An Antti-Imperialist's Scuttle.

Isn't Mr. Epwarp M. SHEPARD, who has
renounced honest money for Bryan and
* anti-imperialism,'’ trying to seuttle from
his new associates and get into the com-
mon sense of the situation through the
back door?

Mr. SHEPARD, in an article in the Review
of Reviews on the ‘Bryan Policy for the
Philippines,’ says that the difference be-
tween McKinney and Bryan is that the
President proposes to “complete the con-

quest of these Asiatic islands,’’ but that

| Mr. BRYAN will negotiate a treaty with the

Filipinos in which the “ port of Manila will
be retained by us."’ The line of sovereignty
cannot be drawn along the ramparts of
Manila by any principle of politics.

Mr, SHEPARD says that by the McKinley
poliey, the Filipinos will have no share in
the Constitution of the United States “as a

matter of right."’ We assume, although Mr.

| SHEPARD does not say so, that in the Bryan

policy the Constitution will follow the flag,
That question is now before the Supreme
Court, and it will be beyond the power of
either McKINLEY or BRYAN, or any other
man who is President, to alter the relation
between citizens of the United States and
the Filipinos after the Supreme Court has
defined it.

Mr. SHEPARD proves to any reasonable
mind, possibly to his own after a little re-
flection, that the so-called anti-imperialist
issue has no legitimate existence. He and
Bryan are imperialists after the principles

| of MCKINLEY: Bryawx’s only distinction be-

ing that, as an aspirant for the Presiden-
tial office in competition with McKInLry,
he cries for the hauling down of the flag
while it is under fire in territory over which
the Americansoverelgnty has been extended
in full and faultless Constitutional form.

Mr. SHeparp has still thirteen days fn
which to give up his fletitious ”
of anti imperialism and reaffirm his faith-
fulness to the party of honest money,

“issue

 

A Principle of Sport.

The correspondence between the Chair-
man of the Kace Committee of the Sea-
wanhaka Yacht Club, Mr. Werermonr: , and
the owner of theyacht Mineola, Mr Bret-
MONT, the latter refusing to accept a cup
duly awarded to him and the Seawanhaka's
representative practically applauding his
decision, shows that a certain vital prin-
ciple of sport has been swamped in senti-
mentality that has no rightful place in con-
nection With such an affair

The Rainbow, upon the statement of
her owner, Mr. VANDERBILT, was disquali-

! Hed for violation of one of the most im-

portant rules, that forbidding the addition
of ballast without a demand for remeaaure-
ment. The Seawanhaka Club had no alter-
native therefore in taking back the cup
from the Rainbow, and equally it had no
alternative in awarding itto the boar that
won under the rules lhis cup Mr, Bere
MONT refuses to accept in these words:

| could not keep the trophy, feeling as I do thatl
was fairly beaten by one of the most honorable and
thorough sportsmen I have ever had the pleasure of
saliing against.”

It cannot be agreeable to most gentle-
men to receive compliments for their
gentility, for their honor least of all. When
that becomes actually the subject of discus-
sion, there is likely to be something serious
in the situation. Of Mr. VANDERBILT'S
feelings about the references to his honor
and his sportamanship we know nothing;
but no compliment of this nature can pass
upon such occasions without raising com-
~ereone between the person named and

and |

THE SUN, THURSDAY,

i
|
|
|
|

he Philippines are a part |

a SS

; & cogenoy

his colleagues not named from which
the latter are entitled to protection with
the most scrupulous care at all hands,
ofictal or non-official.

Are the yachtamen accustomed to sail

under the auspices of the Seawanhaka
Club and other clubs less “ honorable"
and “sportamaniike ’ than Mr. VANDER-
WILT? Would Mr Beemoxt have taken
the cup from other members of the New
York Yacht Club under cireumstances

similar to those in which he now rejects it?
Other cups have been awarded and accepted
after the Winning boat had been disqual-
ifled for a teclinical violation of the rules,
Were the owners of these disqualified
yachta not honorable, or was the act of
accepting the cups not sportsmanlike?
These questions are bound to be suggested
here. The principle on which Mr. BEL-
MONT refuses the cup puts on trial every
man who becOmes a beneficiary of his op-
ponent's violation of the rules, as well as
every man who makes a protest in the be-
lief that it is required to protect his rights
under the rules of the game he is playing.

It should be the aim of a yacht club to
protect and defend yachtsmen from the
chance of having their honor impugned or
their sportsmanship questioned outside of
the tribunal authorized by the club, The
firat principle of that protection is the
observance of club rules; and these in its
acquiescence in Mr, BeLMoNT’s repudiation
of them because of his esteem for Mr. VAN-
DERBILT the Seawanhaka Yacht Club has
not respected. The proper way to close
incidents like that of the Rainbow, with
due regard to the great body of yachtsmen,
was to accept the cup as it was awarded
and to raise no question about the matter,

The Secretary of War Speaks.

Secretary Roort's political address at
Canton last evening covered every ques-
tion at issue in this campaign; and it cov-
ered them all with a precision of logic and
of statement and, at timers,
an eloquence of phrasing that render it re-
markable as an intellectual performance.

This speech of the-Secretary of War had
been spoken of in advance as the formal
rejoinder of the McKinley Administration
to the Bryanite case, ax presentea by Mr
Bryan and his variegated retinue, ‘To
take that view of it is to dignify too much
an attack which has recently degenerated

into something between a shriek of pas-
sion and @ howl of hopelessness, It is not
a defence of the Administration that Mr

Roor pronounced at Canton; tt is a mas-

terly arraignment of the enemies of the
nation’s honor and the falsiflers of the
truth of history.

We advise everybody to read the Hon,
Evinv Koov's remarks all the way through,
giving especial attention to his statement
concerning the origin of AGUINALDO’s mur-
derous conspiracy, and the relation thereto
of the Hon. W1LuiaAM J. BrYran's personal
ambition, Nothing effective as this
vindication of the Administration's patriotic
and inevitable policy in the Philippines
has been produced since the President's
letter of acceptance,

ao

It would have been more dignified if Mr
Fowanp M. S#eprarp and Joun De Witt

WARNER, who deserted honest money for Bry-
anisin, had withdrawn of their own motion
from the Reform Club's Sound Currency Com-
mittee before the door was shown to them with
such emphasis by Mr. Isaac W. SELIGMANN,

The suburban districta of this great town, in
our own State and in Connecticut as well as in
New Jersey bave been the scene of mauy sensa-
tional crimes, often directed against women,
and as dark with as shocking with
violence. Yet it is safeto say that of all these
crimes, many of them fresh in the publio
mind, and whether the gullt was or was
not discovered, none has approximated
anything like the character of utter sav-
agery and pure horror as the awful tale from
Paterson printed in yesterday's newspapers
While the details of the affair have not yet been
fully revealed, if, indeed, they ever can be in
their full abomination, it is certainthata young
working girl in a large city in the civilized State
of New Jersey was first drugged and then, in
what was at first a swoon and later a dying
condition, was done to death by several men
under circumstances of atrocity too awful to
deseribe

If somebody in Paterson does not hang for
this, the whole country, as well as New Jersey,
ought to hang its head in shame

mystery

The Hon Jostan Qrivcy of Boston has re-
turned to the Democratic party, wth the state-
ment that he‘ cannot concede that even if this
elvction goes against the Democratic party it
will permanently fasten the policy of ime-
perialism upon this country. Lhavea higher
opinion than that of the justice and good sense
of the American people.”

This is sensible and sound, but wofully awry
as a Democratic campaign document.

 

THE SUN arguesthat ROHNERT FE. Lev wasa traitor
to the Untted Staves Government CHARLES A
DANA likewtse thought that President JRFFERSON
DAVIS was a traitor, and did muchto humiliate him
while Mr DAVIS was imprisoned at Fort Mourue,

Richmond Dispatch

Our esteemed contemporary’s mind is wild
Mr. DANA went to Fortress Monroe when Mr.
DAaVis was imprisoned there under orders from
the Secretary of War to examine the quarters
assigned ‘to the Confederate President and to
give to Gen. Mites Mr. STANTON'S directions
regarding the treatment that should be ac-
corded tohim, Mr. Dana never met Mr. Davis
personally nor had any communication with
bira whatsoever

 

GOD MADE THE NUGRO AT NIGHT,

So the Rev. A. ©, Garner Declares, “‘and
Made Dr. Hillis in the Daytime.”
SPRINGFIELD, Mass, Oct. 24—*The only
difference between Dr. Hillis and me,” said
Rev. A Cc. Garner, the negro pastor of Ply-
mouth Church in Washington, D. C., at the
Ainerican Missionary Convention,
to-day, “is that God made Dr. Hillis in the day
time and he made me in the evening.”

He went on to make a plea for the negro in
the South There “ere 1,200 delegates presen:
the

Society

 

  
 

the addresses at morning were
largely devoted to the Chinese Elijah
Horr said he did not know of 4 single Chinese
convert giving up his religion during the
recent troubles and the Rev. Josiah Strong
said there has been a marvellous change in
sixty years Shanghai was opened as a treaty

port in 1843,and slowly port after port was
opened Foreign traffle with all the people was
made possible by the opening of the river

GEORGIA LEGISLATURE MERTS.,

Bacon to Re Re-elected Senator—Negro Dis-
franchising Amendment.

ATLANTA, Ga Oct. 4% --The Georgia Legislature
organized this morning by the election of Clark
fiowell as President of the Senate and James
lit leas Speakerofthe House. Gov. Candler will
be inaugurated on Saturday. A. ©. Bacon will
be revlected to the United States Senate on
Tuesday. The Legislature, under the leadership
of Gov. Candler, is slated to pass an educational
franchise qualification v hich will have the effect
of eliminating the negro vole

Metropolitan Lampposts,

TO THE Eprror or THe SUN—Sir; While rid
ing on a De Kal! ¢ car In Brooklyn the other
day I noticed at Lewis street, or avenuc, the signs on
the corner lamps were upside down, and it caused me
to smile and think what strange things happen in
Brooklyn, but yesterday evening I saw its equai, or
even worse, in New York, for at the corners of A mster-

dam avenue and | 43d, 144th and 145th streets all the

corner lamp signs were put in backward. So Brook

lyn ts not #0 bad after all. ILLIAM MCADIB,
New YORK, Oct, 21,

avent

nl is De tower

OCTOBER 25, 1900.

pe nile ieee SSS

   

SPIRIT OF THE CAMPAIGN

A Tribute to the President,

To Tar Eprron or Tue 8un--Sirs One
oharacteristic of the prewnt campaign has been
the persistent sneering at the statesmanship of
Mr. McKinley which hasbeen indulged in by
the party represented by the Heening Poat. In
this connection perrolt meto savy afew words
rewarding the significance of the convention
between Germany and England for the preser-
vation of the integrity of the Chinese Empire,
the news of which nas just arrived,

IT suppose noon?’ who has reflected upon the
subject doubts the bearing which the deve'op-
ment of eastern Asia may have upon the future
of America, The northern provinces of China
not only contain the richest coal and iron de-
posits now known to exist, but also an un-
bounded supply of cheap labor, Should these
provinces be occupied by our commercial
rivals, to our exclusion, and be developed by
Ruropean capital, upon a modern administra-
tive basis, our present supremacy in fron and
steel inay be short-lived. All this is undis-
puted

Moreover, it \s no secret (hat for years these
northern provinces have been coveted by both
tussia and Germany, to say nothing of Japan
and England; although it has been understood
that if the provinces fell to the share of Russia
and Germany, England and Japan were pre-
pared to seek compensation elsewhere, The
United States stood alone asx the Power which
had everything to lose and nothing to gain by
partition, Evidently the object of American
statesmen should be to postpone partition to
the last and, if it . to take care that
America holds aposttionso commanding that her
interests Cannot be ignored. The matter which
interests us Just now is how Mr. McKinley's
Adininistration has dealt with this delicate and
important situation,

When the insurrection broke out last spring a
war resulting in dismemberment seemed in-
evitable, This catastrophe our Government un-
dertook to prevent, and succeeded jin prevent-
ing. From thea outset the President declined to
recognize that hostilities existed between us
and the Chinese Government, and by so doing

 

 

comes,

|
}
|

restrained other nations from taking any irrep- |

arable step. In the next place he assumed the
terrible responsibility of insisting on animmedi-

ate advance on Pekin, before the allies
eould concentrate their full strength, and
before the Germans could gain control
of the allied army, as they fully
proposed to do The responsibility as-

sumed was very greit, the risk run was ap-
palling, but the event justified the judgment of
the Cabinet, and when Pekin fel! and the lega-
tlons were relieved, America had won its vic-
tory. Ifany American President ever deserved
the name of statesman, Mr. McKinley deserved
it for his energy and decision at that crisis.
Since that moment Mr. McKinley became
master of the situation,

By August it had become plain
Russia could not obtain the loan it
sought {n Paris, and that without the loan
it could not undertake a campaign unless it was
prepared to risk insolvency, After a short
struggle at Petersburg between M. de Witte
and the military party, M. de Witte prevailed,
and Russia declared herself unequivocally for
peace. No man in the least acquainted with
the condition of affairs within the Czares ao-
minions can now dou! 't that this declaration will
be observed, The retreat of Russia left the Gov-

ernment at Washiegton with only Germ any on
{ts hands to attend to, for Japan and England

that

sien ep ieey,

 

 

 

were to say that he disapproves the distran-
ohisement of the negro there his expectation
would vanish into thin air and he would not
receive a single Klectoral vote in the South, On
the other hand if he should aay that he ap;
‘roves it, the negroes in the Northern and
Jestern States, in the closest of which they
hold the casting vote, would votetunanimously
against him Mer Bryan is between two par-
ticularly hot fires Butafter all honesty is the
best policy, aud as an honest man he ought to
speak out, be the consequences what they may,
There Wasa great mau once who said, “l ha
rather be right than President.” Can Mr
Bryan rise tothe sane plane? The whole Ameri-
can people havea right to Know his opinion on
this question and he will find it repeated wher-
ever he goes. He must answer it or submit to
the charge of evas on and cowardice, He isto
visit Virginia shortly, and the people of that
State have recently adoped a Constitutional
amendment similar to that of North Carolina
Both whites and blacks there will want to know
what he thinks of it, Mr. Bryan will find some
Elijah down there who will say to bin: “How
Jong hal! you between two opinions? If the
Lord be God serve Him; but if Baal be God then
serve him!” J. 8. T
Wasninaton, D C, Oct 22

Absalom and the Trusts.

To THe Eprron or Tuk Sun Sir: Regard-
ing the young man's opportunity I would thank
you to publish the following sentiment whicha
few young men have who witnessed Mr. Bryan's
appeal to (gnorance at Madison Square Garden,
Oct. 16, 1900

First-—-The only instance we know of where
working for a trust has incapacitated a
man for avything else is Mr, Bryan himself,
He and 16to1 are identical and inseparable, no
more, no jess. The silver trust, or would like to
be trust, has paid him well; possibly he thinks
he is going to loee his job; we sea no other
reason for his tirade on the young man’s op-
portunity.

Second—Did Mr. Biyan ever work in a coun-
try community, where all branches and kinds of
prevailing business are On a sinall s ale because
each is backed by the capital of one man, where
there are many small establishments but no
one large concern, no monopoly, no trust? If
he ever has, we inquire what wages are paid at
such places, how much and how often Increased?
Jlow far can he advance? Whatis the limit of
his opportunity? It is a notorious fact that out-
side of the trusts $70 per month is more
money than is paid ninety-nine times in
a hundred cases. Merit and efficiency can
take the young rman no higher, because his em-
ployer cannot afford it. Consequently,
every year thousands of us have to

 

 

' migrate to the city, where higher wages and

wera prepared to accept the existir
status provided the existing status coul
be maintal ned.

As ail the world knows the Germans
sent out a large army organized for
an extensive campaign, commanded by |
Count Waldersee, the Emperor's personal |
representative Count Walderses, on his
arrival, Soren with took steps to precipitite
hostilities by making demands on China which

could not be grante Our Government dd not
hesitate. Mr. McKinley declined to accede to
the German proposal, and instead announced
his intention of withdrawing from China, at the
same time thathe gave unmistakable evidence
of his intention to concentrate @ atrong mill-
tary and naval forcein Luzon The movement
implied no threat, and vet it checked a German
invasion. It checked a German invasion. of
China because, with such a force intrenched in
her rear, Germany could not be sure of reaping
the fruits of victory, even in case she should
prevail, and a renetition of Janan's ex perienca
was uninviting The logical effect of the Preni-
dent's actlon has been the Anglo-German con-
vention, whieh is substantially an agreement to
accept the American policy; and the conse-
quences of the %doption of this policy can
hardly be overest!mated

America is growing more rapidly than any
other Power, especial'y on the Pacthe Sup-
posing that Chinais no' row closet to us by
conquest, the probability is that China will be
developed by us, and become part of our
economic system under whatever government
it tay ultimately fall. Our energy, our me-
chanical resources, our system of transporta-
tion, our geographical position and our en:
mous capital seen to render this result, humanly
speaking, oertiin supposing we can have time.
Mr McKinley's diplomac assures us time

Such statesmanship may well cause satisfac-
tion toevery Ameriotn, but {tls also well that
Americans should reeognize their debt to the
men who have conducted their affairs, not only
for the resulta achieved but for the manner in
which the work has been done, During these
negotiations our relations with foreign coun-
tries have ateadily improved

I unhesitatingly sav, and I believe most men
acquainted with recent dinlomatic history wil!
agree with me, that no Minister of Foreign
Affairsin any country of the world, within the
preaent generation, has won so brillant a
triumph as Mr. Hay, while the result achioved
for the country by Mr McKinley will probably
rank In the future as one of our great national
la dmarks, side by side with the acquisition of
Louisitna by Thomas Jefferson

Quincey, Oct. 22 Brooks ADAMS.

 

 

 

How Aboot North Carolina?

To THR Eprror oF THe Sun-—Sir; Ia ft not
almost time that Mr Bryan should answer the
question, *' How about North Carqina?" It has
been propounded to him in almost every
State that he has visited, yet upto this time he
has vouchsafed no answer. He has shown his
characteristic fluency in discussing every other
question. He talks ‘trusts,"’ “monopolies,” ‘‘im-
nerialism,”' and even free silver, except in New
York, but not one word in reference to a ques-
tian which is of vital interest to the two races in
the South, in reference to which they are in
absolute antagonism

The white people of the South, or at least the
Democratic portion of them, have made up
their minds, whether rightly or wrongly, to de-
prive the negroes of suffrage. They give as
their reason the fear that the negroes in con-
junction with a minority of the whites may get
possession of their State and local governments,
and declare that they are not willing to submit
to negro domination, In four or five of these
States Constitutional amendments have been
adopted which entirely disfranchise the negro.
Henceforth in these States there is to be no
self-government for the black map. Now Mr
Bryan has been posing as the champion «f the
doctrine of self-government in behalf of the
Filipino Hie quotes the Declaration of
Independence, Thomas Jefferson, Abraham
Lincoln and various other high authorities in
its behalf. He declares that no man {s good
enough to make laws for another man without
his consent, and denounces the Republican
Administration because it will not withdraw
the American army trom the Phi ippines
andleave the brown men of the archipelago
to govern themselves, He denounces the at-

tempt to put down insurrection there as murder,
and the army of the United States now engaged
in that buetness as murderers

This being the case it seems but natural that
there should be some curiosity exhibited as to
whatishis opinion of the disfranchisement of the
black men in North Carolina end other State:
Mr. Bryan is a candidate for the office of Chief
Magi-trate of the United States, He seeks the
votes of its poor and is now canvassing the
country to obtan them. Are not the people en-
titled to know how he stands on this question,
which, <o far at least as the South is concerned.
where it must be settled one way or the other

  

 

between the two races, dwarfs Into insianifi- |

eance the question as tothe disposition of the
Philippines’ If Mr. Bryan hould be elected he
will, in all probability, be called upon as Presi-
dent to act upon this question. The dis-
franchised nesroes have declared = ther
intention of testing these ( onstitutional amend-
ments before the United States Supreme Court
If that court should deoars thom unconstitu-
tional there Will at once arise aconflict between
its athority and the State authorities, which
willealfor the action of the President, It i<
therefore most essential to the two races in the
South that hey should know how the Demo-
cratic cand date views this question. Will he,
{f elected, stand, by the right of self-govern-

ment for the negro in the South as henow
stands by it for the Filipino, or will he give it to
the brown man and deny it to the black man?

Mr. Bryan mav_think /tis not policy to answer

thie question. He expects now to carry the
solid South, but he knows full well that if he

| the contradiction of his own arguments

larger opportunities are available. Now when
we get here what concerns do we find paying
the largest salaries? Not the small dealers
But where capital i< united in combinations
which Mr Bryan calls trusts is where good
salaries prevail and higher opportunity {s in
view, Great corporations managed by the best
talent, conducted by the wisest heads, where
large amounts of capital are inves ed, where
re-ponibility {8 wreatest, return the most for
efficient work because scientific and economical
methods govern the business, etre, raising
the profit on the dollar invested to its maxi-
mum,
But etlil mere

man’s opportuofty

Mr Brvan fays the voung
is governed by the existence
or non-existence of trusta He gives no credit
to industry and labor, he does not consider
ability. Mr Bryan ought to know that any
man's chance if life is just what he, by hard
study and labor, makes it Trusts have little
to do with the matter except to furnish a renu-
nerative poaition for the most capable fellow.
Third -Mr. Bryan spoke in disparagement of
the clerk, belittled his position, and said we
were condemned to perpetual clerkship. The
corporation which employs me pays $1,000,
$2,000 and $3,000 a year for some o
its clerks. To such positions young men
wishto be perpetually condemned. Hore it ts
possible for the office hoy to become the highest
omecial, because I know some of the officials
who were onoe office boys, and Mr. Bryan says
the doors of opportunity are being closed on us
by the trusta
Fourth-=Mr. Bryan is a walking fact braving
eis
afarmer, just an ordinary farmer, yet he hag
been nominated twiee for the most exalted
and honorable place in the world, and in the
face of this he tollp the young man there fe no
opportunity for him any more. This {8 the
limtt and Mr. Bryan muat have forgotwen he is
living in the mest intellizent, prosperous and
happy era in the world’s history, een pe reason
must have long sinoe left him. a. We
New Yorg, Oot. 21

Trish Nation alists in the Campaign.

To tHe Epiton oF THe Sun—Sir; Ata
meeting at Cooper Union Monday night a num-
ber of political young fledglings from a number
of cart tails spoke in the name of the Irish
Nationalists of this city, Inthe interest of Mr.
Bryan and the Democratic party.

This, s.r, I hold, is a desecration of the sacred
cau-e of Irish Nationality by dragging it into
the turmoil of an American Presidential con-
lest

4nd, unhappily, it_1@ not caleulated to pro-
mote the interests of the Irish National cause,
since it must necessar{ly antagonize the very
best and most intelligent e.ement among the
American people

But one can only hope that the American
people will not be, as they might, betrayed into
the delusion that the frothy deciamation and
foolish utterances of these irresponsible
“patriots” represent the opinions or voice the
aspirations of the intelligent Irish-American
voters who will cast their ballots in this city on
election day WILLIAM J, DELANY.

New York, Oct. 28.

A Soldier's View.

To THR EDITOR OF THRE SUN—Sir: If Mr,
Bryan is opposed to militarism why did he become a
Colonel? If opposed to imperialism why did he offer
his services to fight If necessary?

Now, while Mr. Bryan was posing as aColonel I
was a private with our army of Invasion,
underwent al! the discomforts and dangers attendant
to the life, and ended up with two months of typhoid
fever. Ididn't undergo all thisto give back the ob
ject Lsuffered for—nor did some thousands of others,
Yours for and with the Government,

NEw YORK, Oct. 23, A PRIVATR.

 

To THE Evtror OF THE SUN—Siér: While
riding downtown on a Broadway car today, from
Eighteenth to Wall street, the writer undertook to
count the political banners on Broadway and the
cross streets and found they footed up as follows:
McKinley and Roosevelt, eighty; Bryan and Steven-
gon, five.

ir. Croker stated at the beginning of the campaign
that be would have a Democratic banner flying for
every Republicad one rum up, bul It seems from the
above count that he has since modified his ideas,
and dow contents himself with the bryanistic magic :?)
ratioof 16to}, or rather 1 to16. A. H. Meron,

178 BROADWAY, Oct. 23,

Card From a McKinley Man,

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sit; Ina Bryan
organ of New York city it was stated that! was going
w vote for Bryan. | bave been a life-long Republican
and will vote for McKinley. JOHN JERMYN

SCRANTON, Pa,, Oct 28

Don't Bet,

To THE Epiron OF THE SUN- Sir: A man
offered to day to bet me $1,000 to 6100, and put up
the money, that McKiniey would be elected, I did
not take the offer as 1 do not care to lose the 6100,
Was I wise or foolish? Pr.

10 HARBISON STREFPT,.

 

Absatom's View of Ir.

Siateen to one,

There'll be no fun

When Bryan ‘busts the trusts"

When he busts the trusts be'll bust me, ton,

Sixteen to one he will bust you LR
NEW YORK, Oct. 23,

 

The Psyche's Visit.

To THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir; The hurried
visitof the Hritish cruiser Psyche and the omission
of the customary Salutes were notof €reat importance
The payment of courtesies and the fring of salutes
are, a8 A rule, considered Indispensable, andrightly
they indicate that the nations whose representatives
pay the courtesies and fire the salutes know the rules
of international politeness. Politeness between na-

| ions as weil as between persons Is merely a lubricant

s cept for the alieged defauliin

for eapediting business In the case of the Psycne,
it seems that the business was expedited better with
the minimum of politeness) The vessel came in-

cognito; there was nothing formal about its call, ex
ay m, :
made fast with saulor-iike rapid uw oon wan wo
The ship did not come as a ship of war; ehe came as
a detective sent to brin back an abseonding
criminal, just as @ detective hurries from here to
London and back, 80 came and so went H. M. S.
Psyche. If the vessel had come formally, her Capiain
would have had to pul on Se hy dress uniform and
call on the Iiritish Consul-Generel, then on the

senior oMfecer of our navy in harbor, and on the

ecnior army offcer, and the eenl.

officerin harbor, All these calle’ ould ve wats
be returned formally, too. "hs ¢ Psyohe
enone, cae eters aera caaperd, I and
oMcially, she was mot here etait” > - a”

 

lta ln

Saticine nd aterm ti
ny

POPULATION OF CALIFORNIA,
Census Bareaa Announces It at 1,485,055,
an Increase of 276,023 Stace 1800.

WasuinoTton, Oct, 24--The population of
California in 1900, as announced by the Census
Bureau to-day, ta 1,486,063, as against 1,208,180
in 1800, representing an increase of 276,028, or
22.9 per cent. A emall portion of this iInerease
ix due to the fact that there were 5,107 Indians
and 101 other persons, or a total of 5 268 persons
on Indian reservations, &e., in California, who
were specially enumerated in isvo under the
provisions of the Census act, but were not tn
cluded in the general population of the State at
that census. The population of California in
i000 is more than sixteen Lim@s as large as that
wiven for 1850, the first census in which the
population of the State appears

The total land surface of California is, ap-
proximately, 155,080 square miles; the average
number of persons to the square mile at the

censuses of 1800 and 1900 being 77 and 9.5
Of the fifty-seven counties in the State all but

eleven have increased in population during the
decade. the counties showing raore than 60 per
cent. of tnerease being Tuolumne, 84.5 per
cent: Kern, 63 per cent. and Los Angeles,
67% per cent 08 Angeles county shows the
largest numerical inerease (08,844), but more
than three-fourths of this increase is due to the
{nerease in the population of the city of los
Angeles. The eleven counties showing @ de-
crease in poptilation are Alpine, Butte, ¢ olusa,
Del Norte, Eldorado, jake, Plumas, Sierra,
Stanislaus, Tulare and Yuba

Of the 116 incorporated cities and town
there are 46 that had a population in 1900 0
more than 2,000,and of these 18 havea population
of over 5,000, 10 have a px ee of over 10,+
000, and four have a population of over 25,000;
namely, San Francisco, with 342,782; Los Ane
geles, with 102,479, Oakland, with 66,908, and
Sacramento, with 20,282 inhabitants

The population of San Francisco, beginning
with 66,802 in 1800, increased to 149,473 in 1870,
or 1681 per cent For the three succ eeding
decades there has been a normal Increase,
and the present population is 942,782, or more
than six times what it was in 1800) ‘The popu-

 

 

 

lation of Sacramento — increased from
6.820 in 1850 to 13,78 in 1860, or 10291
percent, and at present is over four times

as great as it was in 1850. ‘The population
of Oakland, starting with only 1,543 in 1660,
increased to 10,500 in 1870, or 580.4 per cent,
and to 94.655 in 1880, or 220 per cent.; it now
has a population of 66,060, or nore than Forty.
three times as many inhabitants as it had in

 

KOO The population of Los Angeles Was
1.610 in 1850; in 1880 it Was 11,188, but during the
decade from 1880 to 1890 it increased to $0,395,
or 850.6 per cent id during the decade from

 

9 or 103.3 per cent.

 

1890 tu 1900, to 10:

WANT TO SAVE PARK PLAYGROUND,

 

Monster Petition to the Park Board Touching
Seward Park,

The Board of Estimate has appropriated
$92,000 for altering and improving Seward Park,
which is now a playground and gymnasium
for East Side children, and the Park Board pro-
poses to make it into a regular elty park with

benches, trees and green plots

The Outdoor Recreation League, which fitted
up the park in its present form, has sent thou-
suds of copies of a petition, printed in Yiddish
and English, to Bast Siders for signature, the
petition with all the signatures to be sent to the
Park Board. The petition asks the board to
include in its plans for the improvement of the
park an outdoor gymnasium and playground,
such as the league has maintained there

It goes on to aay, “We believe that these pro-
visions for play and exercise can be 80 com-
bined with the ordinary attractions of a publio
park that all the people of every age and condl-
tion will derive the greatest possible benefit
from thisnew breathing space’

Seward Park is between Jefferson and Hester
streets, East Kroaaway and l[ivision street.
It now bas twenty-five swings for bablee
twenty swings for large children, horizontal
bars and room fora kindergarten, The league
wants the Park Commissioners to reserve a
third of the space for a playgroun! and o -
air gymnasium — It is said that 5,000 East Side
chilaren have been playing there daily. It
was also said last evening that 60,000 signatures
had been secured to the petition,

—_—

SNOW CARTS TO BE MEASURED,

 

Mayor Tells Sweeper Nagle He Should Have
Prepared His Contracts im Jane,

The Board of Estimate considered yesterday
a recommendation from Eugene FE. MoLean,
engineer of the Finance Department, that carts
used for the removal of snow from the streets
be measured to insure correct payment for
work done. Percy Nagle, Commissioner of
Street Cleaning, objected because the reprint-
ing of the contract would delay the letting a
month or more. Io the meantime a storm might
be upon the city

“Well, Mr, Nagle,” remarked the Mayor, ‘‘why
didn't you prepare your contract in June tn-
stead of waiting until October? That's not the
way torun your department.”

Commissioner Nagle withdrew his objection
after Corporation ¢( ounsel Whalen had prom-
ised that there would be no delay in having the
contract approved, and the recommendation
was adopted.

 

FOWLER STATUF MODEL WONT DO,
Not SuMictentiy Interesting or Spirtted, Saye
Municipal Art Commission,

The mode! for the proposed’statue to the late
Gen. F. B. Fowler, to be erected at the entranoe
to Prospect Park in Brooklyn, which was
selected by the commission appointed under a
law of the Legislature, has been rejected by the
Munitoipal Art Commi-sion, It is the work of
Henry Baerer, the sculptor, and was one of
fourteen submitted in competition — Park Com-
missioner Brower has been notified by the
Muni ipal Art Commission that the model ‘was
not sufficiently interesting or spirited, nor was
it up to the standard that shon'd be required In
all monuments for the city of New York.’ Other
models will probably now be called for,

The Trae American Sentiment as Expressed by
Men of Southern Birth in New York.

To THe Epiror or Tur Sun--Sirs Will you
please a number of Southerners by explaining
us to ourselves?

Four-fifths of my Southern acquaintance {n
this city are going to vote for Mr. McKinley.
This seems qui'e strange to me in the face of
what now appears probable -a solid South.
Why does this change of residence affect our
votes? Do we become mercenary and see only
the material interests at the South when we
arrive North? Orafter all, have we been fight-
ing a foe that doesn’t exist and defending a
something we can't define? Are we haunted
yet by that old ghost of slavery?

How will the world regard us if we continue
to makea record of narrowness and intoler~
ance while our Northern friends are cutting the
juley melon of prosperity? TENN ESSEFAN,

New YorK, Oct. 28,

Biography of St. Ignatias.

To THE Epiror or THR SUN Sfr: In the
interests of fairness will you kindly call the attention
of the correspondents who have been discussing
Father O'Conor's edition of the biography of 81.
Ignatius to the review of Lis work in the October
numberof the Morth, Itwll be seen that the book
receives quile a severe handling from the reviewer,
whois a@ Jesult, and the following sentence will, per-
haps, cover the whole ground: “No doubt it ts tn-
tended for popular reading, and under these circum.
stances the writer may have thought that accuracy
aboyt minor polnts would be a work of Su pereroga.-
tion, but even in a popular book we must protest
against the carelessness with which the text of this
important document has often been handled.’ The
concluding sentence is commended for its recognition
of the worth of the book: “Sull, even with these draw-
backs, we do not believe that this wonderful record of
the hidden workings of grace ina soul of such herole
mould can fal! either to interest or to profit those who
may peruse it’ VERITAS

New York, Oct. 22

- ee
Federated Australia.

From th Revue Milttaire.

The English have good cause to rejoice at the fed-
eration of Austra''a Once more they bave given a
proof of thelr ce narkab) y Practical spirit in accord-
ing to their Australian colonies with a good grace the
liberty which tLey were not in @ posiiion to refuse to
them. They have thus secured their sympathy for
the future, From the French and European point di
view there is no great reason to Tejoice at the birth of
thio hew republic: The Australian States, masters of
their finances, thr army and their navy, cannot fant
powerfully to develop their exter|

 

of means of action,

 

 

 

His Working Vocabulary of Two Words,
o — the Cleveland Leader
enry Scott, a deaf mute, has but two words
in his ae they being “papa” and
“mamma.” ® can say thes wo
ang Tuesday night, when running 4 Peal,
erect ear be tried a, aterens the conductor's
oar bby yelling only two worde pe can
: ba, papal Mamma,
got the oar,, ”