=,

   

WHY FIREMEN PAID $5,000,

WERE SICK OF BEING WHIPPED INTO
LINE, CLIFFORD WITNESS SAYS,

 

 

sof the Firemen's

 

Money Went for Counsel F
Henevolent Association~Finaac Seore-
tary O'Hrien, Who Tells of It, Complains
That He Was Transferred Unnecessarily,

 

Fire Commissioner Scannell at yesterday 'sses-
sion of the trial of Foreman James D. Clifford,
on charges of insubordination arising out of his
presidency of the Fireman's Mutual Benevo-
lent Association, rejected a motion by Clifford's
counsel to dismisa the charges against him
and = Cliffard's defence began When the
session closed all the evidence was in and after
counsel had reviewed the evidence to-day
the case will be left to the Commissioner Law-
yer Kverettin moving for dismissal of the
charges sald if Clifford had figured in any act
of a political nature or had any political inter-
testa it was in his capacity as a citizen and not
ag @ fireman, and there was no cause for pro-
ceeding further

Fireman Robert Paul of Engine 9, : ecording
secretary of the Mutual Benevolent Associa-
tion, and Assistant Foreman Oscar HoeMing
of Hook and Ladder Company 9, its vice-presi-
dent, testified that they had never heard
litical matte « discussed at a regular meet-
ing of the association. Only matters relating
to the welfare of the firemen were taken
up. The Ford bill was one of those matters
After the meetings those present talked poli-
tics or anything else thev chose

John W. O'Brien of Hook and Ladder Com-
pany 6, financial secretary of the assocation,
ldentiffed his report as financial secretary of
the association

‘Please explain what this money was spent
for,” demanded Assistant Corporation Counsel
Blandy “January, 1900, to James PD. Clifford
for expenses, $10; February, to Presitent Clif-
ford for expenses, $100; March, President
Clifford, expenses, $95."

“Mr. Clifford knows best for what th
was apent,” replied O'Brien

I want you to tell what vou know

money,” insisted Mr Biandy

The witness finally replied that
know what the noney Was spent for

He then explained that whenever any money
was to be spent by the association the mem-
bers first voted it from the tunds, then the
Auditing Committee decided that the bill was
all right and finally at their order he paid ft

po-

lo

money

about this

 

 

he did not

Oh, that's it,” said Mr. Blands You paid
bills whether you Knew what the money was
for _or not?

“Yes,” replied O'Brien I knew that the
Auditing Committee knew and that was all I
cared about

Asked to explain items in his report showing

     

that in the first three months of this vear the
organization exper d 00 fn counsel fees
the witness said he had given the money to

pay the bills to President Clifford, who knew
est what was done with it

What IT want vou to tell is whether vou
knew where the money went,” said Mr Bland)
*No. T do not and IT don't care.” snapped

 

O'Brien
[It was brought out later that the $5,000 had

actually been spent for counsel fees and that
the money paid to Clifford for expenses was
apent by him in hiring halls for committee
meetings Asked if he believed that the as-

sociation was justified in spending such a
large sum for the services of counsel, O'Brien
said he thought it was in order to get more
rights for the firemen The men were sick
of “being whipped into line” and he believed
in spending money to see if something could
not be done for them

“What do vou inean by being whipped into
line?” demanded Conimissioner Scannell

“Well, T have been tranaferred when
was no need of it,” said the witness
been transferred once each year since I
the force five years ago. As soon as I've
become familiar with one company and like
{t I have been transferred and I don't think
it's right.”

“Then you don't think {t's right even if vou
were transferred to better the service?” asked
Commissioner Scannell

[ think it was unnecessary,” replied O'Brien

Lawyer Olcott objected to tt Commis-
sioner’a further questioning O'Brien on the

round that what he was leading to had no
earing on the case at all
“Tam getting at facts, Mr, Olepit

there
I have
oined

rey lied the

Commissioner “and I shall continue to do so
My impression when IT questioned this man
was that his association believed in paying
Faw so Reon It members in easy spots From
is answers IT am satisfied that such is not the
case. This man has not been transferred as

much as the average
“I don't intend to let any man or body of men

inject polities into this department or to inter-
fere with its working. I don’t care a snap
about the political faith of the men in the
department. I am going to deal fairly and
squarely with them all. If lL err in judgement
there is authority above me to whom I will
have to answer. But 1 don't propose to let

even Chief Croker enter into politics and would
get after him as soon as I would an ordinary
fireman.”

Fireman Richard J. Fitzgerald of Engine
Company 6 testified that he was in that feom-
pany before Foreman Clifford was transferred
from it to Company & and that the diseipline
of the company had been good and that thera
had been no insubordination while Clifford was
in charge After some testimony the hearing
was adjourned

 

O'BRIEN & SHEEMAN

SUE,
Contractors Claim 8®700,000 in Debe and
Damage From Vermont Raltiroads.

 

   

BURLINGTON, Vt., Oct. 24.-- Judge Hoyt H
Wheeler of the United States Cireuit Court
to-day issued a writ of sequestration against
the Rutland Railroad Company and the Rut-
land Canadian Railroad Company in favor
of O'Brien & Sheehan, contractors, of New
York, commanding United States Marshal
Field and his deputies to sequester property
of those corporations to the amount of $500,000,
to he held as security for the nount of their
claim at the termination of this litigatior

The bill of complaint makes the Champlain
Construction Company, Percival W. Clement,
W. Seward Webb, Edgar Harding and H. D
Sinith parties defendant to recover debt opda
damage to the amount of $700,000, alleged to
be due the plaintiffs, sub-contractors of
Kutiand Canadian Railroad) The
filed in the office of the Clerk of the Court in

this city to-day and to-night eo; ies were placed
In the hands of the United States Marshal and
his de ties for service upon the defendants

 

and to be filed in the offices of t
a'on@ the line of read from Bel
the Canidian frontier

own clerks
Ws Falls to

    

SCHOOLMASTER IN TROUBLE.

If Convicted of rime Charged Agatust Atm

He May Get Twenty Years,
Fivsaino, L. I., Oct. 24. Julian F. Evans
proprietor of the New York Academy, a school

for boys in Thirteenth street College Point,
was arrested yesterday morning by Court
Officer O'Reagdn of the local Magistrates’
Court. He was brought to Flushing and ar-

raigned before Magistrate Healy charged with
having committed an assault upon Jay John-
eton, a twelve-)ear-old boy who was a pupil at
Evans'4 school. The arrest was made at the in-
stigation of Willigm Sauer, agent for the Society
for the Prevert¥in of Cruelty to Children, who
appeared to press the complaint. LawverJohn
J Wat p, who appeared for Evan tened for an
adiournment until Oet, Si. His motion was
granted and the prisoner was held in $2,500 bail
for examination on that date

The crime with which Evans is charged
was committed, it is alleged, on Oct. 18, and it
is of such a serious nature that conviction would
probably mean twent ears’ imprisonment for
the schoolinaster. Evans formerly conducted
a school for boys in the old Bowne mansion at
Bowne Park.

 

  

PNGINEER'S REPORT ON GALVESTON,

It Is Belleved It Will Recommend That
Fortifications Be Rebatit.
GALVESTON, La, Oct. 26-— The
United States bie engaged in investi
gating the effect of the storm upon the Gal-
veston jetties and fort completed

the

Roard of

fications has

 

it@ work and ts how engaged upon a report
which will be forwarded to the War Depart-
ment at Wasiiigto It is said that the re-
pert will conta t recommendation to the
Jepartment to rebuild the fortifications which
were totally Cestroved and make anv necessary
repairs to the jetties Ihe reineers found

 

practicaliv no damage

   

 

The Board of Trustees the Galveston
Orphans’ Home inet fiy and decided prac-
tieally to rebuild the stroeture, which was
almost entirely destroyed by the storm. The
building was a wift of the late Henry Rosen-

berg, the Galveston banker and yp)
Twent bodies
from the wreckage and ere: ted

ilanthropiat
ved to-day

three ere re

Blaccoat Cahill to Be Tried for Robbery.

Andrew I,. Catll, Bernard Healy
lah Donovan, Who ares

Policeman

and Jere ised of com-

ylicity in axsauiting Dr. Wylie Streot Jones in
Malloy = saloon, Seventh aven ind Twenty-
Ixth street, on Oot. 17, androbbing himot $8

ncashand a gold watch, waived examination
n the Jefferson Market police court yesterday

agistrate Mott heid Cahill in $2,000 and the
others !n $1,000 bail each for trial,

THE OPERA,

The Performance of ‘Martha’ at the Metro-
politan Opera House,

“Martha,” which was sung last night at the
Metropolitan Opera House for the first time
during the season of English opera ts much
more familiar to the hearers of opera in the
vernacular than it is to the regular patrons of
the performances at New York's great lyric
theatre’ There “Martha” is heard rarely
that it may be said to have dropped altogether
from the répertoire. But it remains with “The
Bohemian Girl,” the work most typical of Kng-
lish operatic performances although its origin
was German: so it was to have been expected

 

sO

at the Metropolitan ‘The audience last
night Was nearly as small as that
which heard “The Bohemian Girl”

lost week and this fact may possibly mean that
the admirers of English opera who are comng

| to the Metropolitan to hear it. prefer the works

Sess

| and alsa pak

customarily given there rater than those
which have been left entirely to compantes that
sing in the language of the people. Lt miaeht
have been thought that both of these familiar
works would have drawn large audiences atthe
Metropolitan where the best known is usually
themostcherished. But English opera patrons
have so far shown the greatest desire to hear
woot te that ore included in the Metropolitan's
regular list

jrace Van Studdiford was the neweomer
last wen and she made a favorable impression
as Lady Horriet She is attractive in appear-
ance and her small voice is agreeable in quality
Her acting was vivacious and she helped fo
make it evident that the singers engaged in
last night's performance were much more
adapted to revealing the spirit of the work than
the customary interpreters when the opera is
sung in Italian Joseph Sheehan, Homer Lind,
Kate Condon and Lempriere Pringle, who was
an excellent Plunkett, were other members of
the cast The choruses were capable and the
genera! representation adequate Richard
ekhold conducted

 

 

WIFE DISCOVERED THE COUNTESS,

Bowie's Fands Cat Off and He Is
Sued for Divorce.

Hanter D,

Therese M. Bowie has obtained an order from
Justice Lawrence of the Supreme Court
serve a summons by publicatlon on Hunter
D. Bowle in an action for absolute divorce
The residence of Bowie is stated to be 64 Rue
d'Fnghien, Paris. Mis. Bowie ace
of intimacy with a woman known as the “¢
ess” at Monte Carlo and at Nice rhe Bowies
were married inthis city on Oct. 5, 1892, and have

to

wes him

ount-

one child, Dorothy, whose custody the mother
asks for

The Bowies went to Europe about 1894 in
order that Bowie might perfect his musical
education with the idea of singing in opera
After inaking a tour of the Continent they re-
turned to Paris, where he intended to settle

le he studied

 

arm

 

down for an indefini wl

Subsequently his wife returned to this city
She avers that she has since made several trips
abroad to aacertain for herself how his music

 

 

was progressing

On her trip last January she found her hus
band at Monte Carlo. He asked her for money
to return to Paris, he wanted totake up his
work without delay She gave him the money
and he left At Monte Carlo several days
thereafter, she declares, she ascertained that
her husband was on intimate terms with the
Countess

  

 

Mr:. Bowie states that her husband has no
money and no source of income. She declare
she has him since their

supported mart lage

\ for his mustcal education. She
eontinued to send him liberal allowances while
he remained abroad until she learned about
the "Countess." Since she came back in March,
she says, she has been the recipient of divers
messages by cable and letters importuning
her for money and saying that he was in actual
want, She has made some remittances to
him in view of his circumstances, although re-
solved on divorce

COLLECTION

Be Asked to

 

TO TAKE IN SCHOOLS,
New York Children Will
Galveston's School Children,

President Miles M. O'Brien at a meeting of
the Central Board of Education last night gave
out a copy of the letter which he has caused to
be sent to the principals and teachers in the pub-
lie schools of the boroughs of Manhattan and
The Bronx, asking their codperation in the eol-
lection about to be taken among the school
children for the relief of the school children of
Galveston. The board for Manhattan and The
Bronx authorized this after
the Galveston disaster, but the action aroused

Help

collection shortly

considerable criticisin as establishing a bad
precedent, 4

the central board has received similar re-
quests often before this, but has refused to

President ©'Brien
epere’ al
it had his

grant them on this ground
in asking the menibers to give their
to the present appeal declared that

approval because of the direfulness of the
catastrophe and the suffering which it would
entail on the children

President O'Brien at the meeting last night

requested the President of the other borough
boards to take action similar to this and to ap-
point committees which should have in charge
the funds raised. If each child, he said, gave
ten cents about $50,000 would be raised

 

 

BOY KILLED AT BLIND fROSSING,

Town Had Already Asked Indictment of Jer-
sey Central for Removing Flagmen,.

SOMERVILLE, N. J., Oct. 24.—Seven-year-old
Frank Mutansty was reported missing from his
home on Middaugh street shortly after
sunset vesterday. The boy parents, aided
by their neighbors and the police, kept up a
search for him during the night. At an early
hour this morning the boy's father found the
little fellow lying dead in a ditch along the
tracks of the New Jersey Central Railroad,
about corty feet from the Middaugh street
crossing dis legs were cut off and he had
several contusions about the head He was
seen going in the direction of the crossing just
before the Easton Express passed at 6 o'clock
last night, and it is believed he was struck*hy
it. Some months ago the road reinoved its

here

 

| flagman from the Middaugh street crossing,

the |
order was!

(errr rrr eg

 

 

which is the most dangerous in the town, The
Somerville Board of Commissioners protested
agalnst the action of the Central and re sted
it to replace its flagman, but the request was
ignored. The Board of Commissioners then

laced the matter before the Somerset Grand
bho to have the Central indicted

The findings |

LIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWN,

There are people who began to think that no
such person as Fanchon Thompson, who ia to
sing here at the Metropolitan next week, really
existed, So many contradictory stories had
been told about her, and while 40 much was
heard of her #o little was seen, that she came
to be regarde! almost as aimyth. Miss Thomp-
@on made her début two years ago at Covent

Carden with such success that «he was to join |

the company of singers at the Metropolitan

during the following winter
broke her contract and cecicel to remain
abroad, Miss Thompson sang at the Opéra
( qmique 4nd n@.e @ great success In “Carmen,”
Mias Thompson had retired from the operatic
stage to become an actress. Miss Thompson
Was engage! to marry the Count ce Dion
Miss Thompson had returned to. the operatic

‘THE SUN, THUR

Miss Thompson ,

alage and was coming to the United States |
to sing at the Casino. Miss Thompson had
become reconciled to the friends whe had

enabled her to cultivate her voice and was to
sing again at Covent Garden. All these stories
came so awiftly that a wealth of tracition has
alrealy grown up about the young American
singer who is really to appear here at last

| She has for the past few years lived in Paris

with her mother and younger sister,
Never returne’ to this country since she went
Abroad to atuly, and will be heard here for the
first time in English opera, in which she has not
sling before.

  

It used to be said that the record for receipts
{n a local theatre was held by the distinguished
Polish tragedienne, Mme. Alexandra Viarda,
Who suffered disaster in the dramatic season of
three winters ago One of the many lawsuits
that followed her appearance here brought
out the fact that the receipts to which she played
were lower than any ever heard of before in a
New York theatre. But small as they were
the record is no longer held by Mme, Viarda
Not many weeks ago a new enterprise was
launched on the exacting waters of New York
amusements It encountered more than the
usual rough treatment and was soon lost sight
of. Three nights after its first performance
the receipts amounted to exactly $5, which is
the smallestsum ever known to have been taken
inatthe box office of a New York theatre. If
the weather had been colder the takings would
certainly have been larger, a8 managers have
a theory that the sight of a brightly lit. com-

 

 

fortable-looking theatre always appeals with
some force to the passerby and adds a small
sum to the receipts But this theatre lies off

the beaten track and had the advantage of no
such casual patronage

rhe time has passed when the appearance
a boy choir in an Eniseopal church could
be regarded us eney toward
Ritualism, although it was formerly this feature
of the service that was thought to be the first
sian of opinions For a long
period the stood for a determina
tion to depart from the and its first

il for revolt

of

 

inevidence of ate

 

advanced
boy choir

he

old order

appetrance was the mn many

 

   

ptrishes on the part of those not disposed to
defer to innovations, as they were at one time
ealled The recent introduction of one of these
choirs into achureh on the upper West side was
aceompanied | 40 little change as to make It
| evident that in the Episcopal Church a sur
pliced choir of boys has ceased to have any

 

of the Grand Jury in the case have not been |

made public

SCHOOL,

CHILD HURT IN

 

City Not Liable, Board of Education Not
table, State May Be.

4n action of Rebecea Brown, suing by gurr-
dian, to recover $25,000 damages from the city
for injuries suffered hecaus® of defective floor
{ng in Publie School No, 108 on Mott street, was
distniased by Justice McAdam of the Supreme
Court vesterday The cuild’s leg went through
the fective floor. The city is notliible, ha siya,
for necligence of the Board of Education. He
ala> quotes a case (85 N, Y., 117), stating that
the Board of Education is notliable. In effect
his deci ion implies that the claim Ves against
the State of which the Board of Education is an
administrative branch

 

  

DEAN OF BROWN'S WOWEN'S COLLEGE

Miss Annie Crosby Emery Inaagerated—Col-
lege Presidents Present.
PROVIDENCE, Ro 1, Oct. 24-—-Misa Annie
Crosby Emery was to-day inaugurated as
dean of the women’s college, Brown University
The services took place at Pembroke Halil and

over by President Faunce The
line Hazard, President

 

 

were presided
speakers were Miss Care
of Wellesley, Miss M Carey Thomas, President
of Bryn Mawr. Miss Alice Freeman Palmer
of the Massachtisetts State Board of Education,
and Miss Emer The new dean has been fil-
ling a similar office at the University of Wise
consin and is recognized as an able successor
to Dean Snow, who resigned last spring

Senntor Depew's Niece to Marry.

Invitations to the wedding of Elise Hegeman
Depew Strang of Peek-kill, a niece of Senator
Chauncey Depew, to David And « L'Esperance
of this city were aent out yesterday. The cere-
mony will be performed in the First Presbyte-

rian Crurch at Peekskill on Nov 7. Senat r
Denew will give the bride away. The maid of
bh nor will be Miss Martha Depew Strang, a sis-
tero! the bride and Harry R. Danner of this
city will act as best man

the bride isa daughter of the late Dr Robert
Strang of Peekskill, She is a graduate of the
Womin's Medica, College of this city The
bridegroom isa graduate of Princeton and of
the University of New York Liw Seho: Land is
a member of the law firm of Danner & [.'k<per-
ance

 

Schoolship St, Mary's at Glen Cove.

GLEN Cove, L. 1, Oct. 24 —The sehoolship
S'. Mary's, from Madeira by way of Bermuda,
arrived here this evening, having been thirty-
four days out from Madeira Commodore
Reader, who is in coomand, reports all well on
board despite the very rough trip up the coast
from Bermuda, High gales and rough seas

prevailed during the entire trip. but no acci-
dents worthy of note occurred.

| cepted

 

noe Some of the churel
dascribed hive adopted this feature of
the service and explain that it has been ac-
merely for its beauty and good Influ-
ence on the serviee, and not with the idea of
leading toa further use of the ceremonies com-
mon in the Ritualitie services Fven the
Methodist congregations and her bodies not
connected in any way with the Episcopal Chureh
have adopted the bov choirs to add heartinass
and attractiveness to the services

doetrinal

 

 

 

  

It ia predicted that a new peril will be added
tocity lifeinthe coming winter, when the women
who have been handling automot

  

*s during the
if summer
their skill in nm
streets So far

summer months

resorts will make
aging the vehicles in the ¢
an here has been willing to run

atest of ine

soarcely a won)

    

 

She!

"JOHN SHERMAN’S FUNERAL,

| THE SERVICES AT HIS LATE HOME
IN WASHINGTON,

| Members of the Cabinet, Jastices of the |

|

Supremé Court and Members of the Diplo
matic Corps Attend —Cavairy and Artillery
Escort the Remains to the Depot,
WASHINGTON, Oct, 24. -Funeral services over
the remains of the former Secretary of State
John Sherman, were held ati P.M
residence on K street, fronting Franklin Square
Not for
Sherman's prominence been held at a private
residence, but was ¢
adapted to the accommodation of the mur
aitnough the invitations were necessarily
limited to prominent oMicial and social frieud
About two hundred were seated in the parlors
library, dining room and hall on the first floor

at his late

years has a funeral of a man of Mr

 

his apactous home

   

Mr. Sherman's body, in a plain eloth-covered
casket, with silver handle rods, Was placed
in the front parlor to the left of the hail. Half

open, it afforded a last view of the distinguished
statesman. The closed half of the casket
bore a bouquet of purple orchids, a wreath
of orchids and roses and a mass of violets,
all ded with broad bands of purple satin rib-
bon. At the foot of the casket was a table
loaded with floral offerings, and other tributes
were placed about the room tn on
the mantels and tables,

In the front parlor were the honorary pall-
bearers, Secretary Hay, Secretary Gage, Justice
Harlan, Justice Hagner, Admiral Dewey, Gen

Vuses or

Miles, former Senator Don Cameron, the Hon
J © Bancroft Davis, the Hon. J. A. Kasson and
Mr M M Parker; Minister Wu and his suite,

 
 

the Japanes Miniter, the Duke d'Arcos, the
Spanish Minister, the representatives of the
other embassies and legations, Chief Justice
Fuller,Justice White,former Postma r-General
Gary and daughters and others The second
warior was reserved for the family, among them
Mra andMr MeCallum, Mrs Miles, Mr and Mrs

 
     

 

  
 

 

Wibourg, Miss Sherman, Miss Thorndike, Mr.
P. J. Sherman, Mr. C. M. Sherman, Mrs. Otis,
Mr. A. W. Hoyt, Mrs. J. 8. Hovt, Mr. J. S. Hoye,
Mrs. Charles Hoyt, Capt. and Mrs. Ki *, Mrs.
Fo tth Douglas and = others In the library
opposite the front parlor were seate, Mrs. U.S
Grant, Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Hencerson, Mr. and
Mrs. k. Parker Wood, Mrs. RM. Ancerson and

    

daughters, Mr Aucenreid, Mr. and Mrs, John
Sherman, Senator ang Mrs, Quay, Mr, and M

John W. Foster, Assistant Secretary of State
Adee and Capt. Rans cell In the hall ane the
rear cining room were the representatives of

the diffe epartinents an! personal friends
from the Military

mf

  

 
  

   

    

    

 

} tha J
| balloon, a

|
|

| and acelegation Order of the
Loyal Legion. Besice the staircase was placed
ernall organ, around which stood the male
quartette from Set, John's Church
At hove k a squadron of the Fifth Cavalry,
commanded by Gen. Ralferty, rode up ia front }
f the house. By this time a large crowd had |
collected, and to prevent any Inte ence with
the procession the cavalrymen were ra
vlong the oppos le of the street, with t r
horses’ heads tow sthe Sherman resides
the tretehir or several blocks. 1
squad Was CO! iposed of four troops, about |
two hundred and fifty men A few moments |
iter f guns of Battery F, Second Artiller ]
unde: nmand of Lieuts, Jordan and Timb |
Inke, swung into line down K street, t
on MePherson Square, The line of carriages
extended east and west on K street and north
and south on Thirteent! d Fourteenth streets
and the crowd on for ed K street from Thir-
teenth to Fourteenth and verfiowed into
Franklin Square
At ten ininutes past 1 o'clock the Rev Dr
Mackay-Smith of St. John’s Church, accom-
his assistant, entered the front par-

the risk of using an automobile on the st 1s |
or in Central Park, and it needs only a glance |
at some of the men using them inthecity streets

   

   

 

  
  

to realize that the task n it be rather a serious
one, The drawn look and set expression ¢
some of these automobile drivers proclaim
eloquently their anxiety and the difleulty of a

 

farnibias
streets

task that may *«
with the exte
What the result
drivers will be can only be
have attempted the dime
automobile on Fifth avenue

ieimple to persons ur
of traffie in the city
f the appearance of the women
etermined after they

Ities of managing an

 

 

It was only a few days ago that there came
from tondon the poverty and ill-
ness of a young woman who was at one time
on the top wave o ind popularity

stories of

prosperity

   
   
 

 

   

 

 

  

in New York After she returned to her own
country, the days of her ill fortune began and
tr pathetic story of her condition In
marked contrast to the accounts of @X-
travagance New York The her of
a later story of London distress is a young
American actress and singer who sprang from
comparative ob into prot ence about
four vears ag Since that tine she has heen
t most dis: ed voung woman in the English
! ropolis, and if she had married half the
nuble lords and earls who are said to have
Offered their hands to her she would have
had many more hitshands than the law allows
She has been photographed with rows of pearls
ind diamonds and t vels have attracted
attention eve in 4 jon, where women of
the stage are somet es lavish provided
with such maipaniments of success hive
cording to recent accounts, all of these have

  
 
  

disappeared and they went in the attems to
semire the means to keep up the s
ing Which had been accust

her arrival in London The failure ot

to she

 

eal enterprises in which she was ¢

put her temporarily out of employ?

the extravagance of her way of Jif

to have found her quite unprepared for any
such change in her resoureas So the ye
woman. who me than any other ha

the vv of her aspiring colleagues in her pro-

 

fession, is now said to he ip actual need

the American living In Lon-
don who paid $500 for a seat at the be t for
sufferers and has engaged ‘lod
Sloan to buy a racing stable for him and ride

Frank Gardner

 

the Galveston

his horses after he has them,imade his great for-
Australia and South Africa, althongeh
his life in this e«

lle w at time a theatrical manager
control of a spectacular play which was
hibited in the smaller cities, and afterward tray

he

has spent most of intry

is ne in

on

   

   

  
 

     

 

 

 

p inied by

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

   

  

|

or and from 4 position at the head of the cas
began the beautiful and impressive service
of the Episcopal ritual The choir sang
Nearer, M3 G to Thee following with a
burial anthem, “Let Me Know My End and the
Number of My. Days Dr Mackay-Smuith
departed from the ial service and read a
portios of Tennyson's “Ode to the Duke of
Velli on,” which he had slighty chanced to
suit the casion he services were concluded
with the singing of Cardinal Manning's “J.ead,
Kindly Light,"

The funeral cortége formed with a squad of
mounted police in the lead, followed by the Fifth
Cavalry band, mounted; the squadron of cav-
alry, the artillery, Dr. Mackay-NSmith’'s carriage
the hearse, the pallbearers’ carriaues, the farn-
ilv and friends En route to the Penn vania
station the band rendered Martin luther's

Dis Heine ke’a “Dead M h," George
W. Childs's “Funeral Marct and Chopin's
“Funeral March

At the atation the casket was placed in acom-
bination car filled with the floral offeritraes which
had decorated the hone The family oceupled |
two private cars, and the three were attached
to the atte n train leaving at 2:30 o'clock
From Pittsburg the three cars will run special
to; where President MeKinlew's ear will
be ettached and the train will proceed to Mans-
field, where the body will be Interred beside that
of Mrs. Shermiat

THR FUNERAL AT MANSFIELD

Maxsrienp Ohio, Oet. 24 All i

vents for John Sherman's funeral have

" pleted and the wreat stutesmnan will

have ase militar irial to-morrow Piubli

  
   

   

  

 

 

 

    

a < an ' “4 Will be closed and all
business will be s “nded during the after
I i The entire « is draped in mourning
( s ’ a funeral are} is been
e wressmman WOS) Kerr hi ‘harve
‘ funeral arrangements and will
e sident) MeKinley and Senator
t ‘ Maior J. S| Marquis of
tegiment O N G, will be chief
«day Local Company M. of the
ent. O NOG Id citizens and
friends sherman and a bers of the
famous in Brigade of v Mr Sher-
man was orga will meet the remains at
the depot and es them to Grace Episcopal
Church where e I] lie in state until 2:30
clock when the Fpiseopal service will be
conducted by Kector A B. Putnan The
funeral procession will then march to the came
eters

Mr Sherman will be laid to rest in the Stewart
lot in the beautiful local cemetery, where his
wife is buried

DIED SUDDENLY IN PARIS,

 

Mrs, Margaret Foulkes’s Home Was tn San
Franctsco— Was Born tn Albany.
San Francisco, Oct. 24.—Mre. Margaret

Foulkes, who died suddenly in the Champ ds

 

Mars station in Parison Tuesday, was born in
Albany, N. Y., and came to San Francises in
1856. Her father, Robert Nixon, Sr. was prom.
ber the V gilanee Committe She married
John P Foulkes, a Nevads business fnan, who
ded several years ago Sinve then she had
lived here wih her sons
Welch—Livingston,

Miss Elizabeth Kilsyth Livingston, daughter

ef the late Kilsyth Livingston, and Charles

| James Welch were married vesterday morning

elled with an actress known as Lizzie Ma
Ulmer, who afterward became his wife :
Was acting in Australia when ber husband made
some fortunate mining investments. He late
went to Lone to live and while there be-
came associated with Barney BRarnato, then |
at the heieht of his prosperity Phrough
this connection Mr. Gardner much increased
his already large forty nd to-day he is worth
tiillions, He wove § > to the hospital ship
Maine and be ne associated with most of
the Americans who thought that philanthrepie
vessel was going to carry them into English
society Mr. and Mrs, Gardner really have
spent their timein Pacis, although Mr. Gardner's
extensive business interests are chiefly in Lon-
don Heis the last to survive of the men closely
associated with Barney Barnato in the davs
of his greatest success, and he las seen all the

inembers of the group about Barnato die by
tragic tmeans or another The peculiar
fatality which overtook them al) is said to have
had et on Mr. Gardner's health
Ile returns to this countiv, al-
the » is spent in London and Paris
He was here last about two years ago

serious ¢

 

 

   

The divorced wife of an athletic instructor
has served her husband as a constant adver-
tisement of his system, though she would no
willingly aid iin any way Since leaving

 

him she has been on the stage. The instructor

  
 

speaks of his former wife without any sentiment
other than honest pride in the symmetrical
figure whiel ie nllewes, his system of exercia-
ing built up for her One picture representing

her as she was when he married her and another
showing her as she has been known on the stage
for seven or elwht vears are the before and after
taking arguments which he to induce
women to take his course of physiod training
The first pieture shows a flat-chested young
woman with thin arma, and the second picture
wives a very liberal idea of the young woman's
physical charms now. She is attired in tights,
a costume in which she has en successful on
the stage, The instructor says that what he
accomplished for this woman he can accomplish
for any woman who will carefully follow his
eystern of physical instruction. Thisisa potent
argument with the women who come w him for
advice, and it has for several vears past assured
him all the pupils whom he could instruct

Mises

   

 

 

 

Wherever excavations are being made for the
underground rapid transit road a lot of spec
tators inay be found watching the workmen
as intently as if they expected to see an engine
come out of the hole. The photographers

who are busy around each of these excavations
are tie targets for all sorts of questions, The
yotographs are to play an important. part
fr the records of the underground road) When
the set is completed they will give practically

 

a biograph history of the construction of the
road kach section of the street and the ad-
joining buildings are photographed before
the work is begu When the excavation
have been made trequent phe Ogtaphs are
taken showing the progress of the work These

will prove valuable records for the contractors
if any damage «iit. should be brought against
them. It has been sugested that when the
rapid transit read is completed copies of this
big set of photographs be mounted in one large
album anc preserved as part of the city records,
It will he most complete pictorial history

of a big work ever made ‘

Archbishop Corrigan perf rined the ceremony
at tlo'clock in theprivatechapelofS' Patrick's

Cathedral There was no maid of honor and no

bridesmaids Andrew Welch assisted his
brother as best man. Lous Welch of San
Francisco, also a brother, and J. Montgomery

Strong, a cousin of the bride, served as Ushers
Van Brugh L.vineston, the bride's unel
corted her to the altar, and the Kaltenborn
“tring quartet rendered the nuptial mass. After
the cere sony Mr and Mrs. Van Brugh 1, ving-
ston of 90 West Forty-ninth street, with wiom
the bride has made her home, wave «a breakfast
at the Buckingham H+ tel. Fivth avenue and
Fiitieth street. Only the relitives of the couple
were invited. There was no general
tio: Mr. Welch has passed many years ‘n
California and bas business interesta on Hono-
julu, where he and his bride will naas their
honeymoon. Ontheirreturnthey will live at
1 West Forty-seventh street, Mra Welch bee
came a convert to the Koman Catholie faith
about two years ago

 

 

  

reo

McCargo-Graham,

larncumont, Oct. 24.—The wedding of Mise
Mary Graham, daughter of William Thompson
Graham, First Viee-Vresident of the American
lin Plate Company, to C:rant McCargo of Pitts-
burg, Pa., took place to-night in St. John's
Episcopal Church. Mr. MeCargo is the son of
David Mecargo, formerly ceneral manager of
the Allegheny Valley Ratlroad, The ceremony
was performed by the Kev, Richard Cobden,
It was preceded by two dinners at which the
members of the bridal party were guests. One
was civen on Monday night at the Larchmont
Yacht Club by W. M. Leeds, Third Vice-Prasi-
dent ot the American Tin Plate Company
Another last night was given by Miss Helen
Arms of Larchmont, who was one of the brides-
maids. Miss Nellie Graham of New York was
maid of honor, and Miss Arms of Larchmont
Miss Lelia Dent and Miss Charlotte Duncan o
Wheeling, W. Va. and Miss Eliza Graham of
New York were bridesmaids. George Megrew
of Pittsburg was best man, and the ushers were
G, B. Johnsen, W. M, Leeds of New York and
W. B. Sealife and Thomas F. Stevenson of Pitts-
bure. A reception was held after the ceremony
in the old Turtle Club house, overlooking the
Sound, where the bride's parents are now living

ial

 

Ogden.

WasHinaton, Oct. 24—Dr. Norman Darrell
Harvey of Providence, R.I., and Miss Mary
Augusta Ogden, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Her-
bert Gouverneur Ogden of this city, were mar-

riea at neon to-day in St. John's Episcopal
Chureb, the Rev, Daniel Henshaw of Prov dence
and the Rev. Dr. Mackey-Smith rector of the
church, officiating. The bride's attendant was
Miss Aurelia Greone of Providenoe. Gilbert
Troup of Halifax attended the groom,

7%

|

 

 

HOMECOMERS ON THE OCRANIC,

Prof, Langley Are Among Them,

The Rev. Dr. T. DeWitt Talmage, who haa
been abroad since June, returned yeaterday
aboad the White Star Line steamship Qeeanic
| One of the objects of his journey was to # iper-
| vise the distribution of supplies for t

of the famine sufferers in India Dr ‘Taimage

saw the Caiur and was much impressed with hia
knowledge of affairs in Amerton The doctor
| avid to the Czar: “Since I saw you last we have

had @ war on our hands and have developed a
Phe Czar

|
| Dr, Talmage, Who Talked With the (rar, and
|
iw relief

new crop of heroes Kurprised the

doctor by reeling off a list of the heroes The
doctor said he was convinced by the conver-«
sation he had with the Czar and Russian diplo-

 

mate that Russia did not want any more tern-
tory in China than was necessary for indenimity
Phe doctor also saw Florence Nightingale, who
ia SO Years old, and had a long taik with he
She said that she had not eriticised Kipling, as
had been reported, for making war a subject
of poetry
prot S. BO Langley of the Smithsonian In-
stitution Was also a passenwer by tie Oceanic
He is the inventor of a flying machine made
ou the aéroplane plan, like the machines
Maxim, the gunmaker, He said he had not
read of the recent experiinents of Zeppelin's
so-called fying machine, Prof, Langiey sic
vin's Airship was merely a dirigible
id that he thought it would not solve
the problem of sé ial navigation, The pro-
fessor s4id he had seen Mr, Maxim in kngland
and had a talk with him about fving machines
Other passengers by the Coe © were Mr
and Mrs. Clarence Mackay, who were met at
the pier by Mr. and Mrs. Jo Pierpont Morgan;
Prescott Lawrenee, Cissy Loftus, the vaude
ville actress: John I Milholland, and Miss
Ethel Wright, the voung English artist who
is called a “painter of Pierr

 

Dp

 

 

 

CIRCUS CLOWN IN THE HOSPITAL,

Gas Nearly Killed "Eddie" Beers or Merode
Wasn't Tarned On Intentionally.

as Fddie

who has

vaudeville

Edward Beers, otherwise known
Merode, old-time clown,
been doing tricks with in
houses recently, was taken from the theatrical
boarding ho
yesterday unconscious from
Bellevue Hospital

cide

an eireus

mules

185 Hast Seventeenth street
asphyxiation
rhe police

Merode's

se it
gis
and lodged in

called t L attempted s

 

he case ar

 
 

   

side partner, Bernard, and Thomas Fuller, who
keeps the boarding house just now becatise
his throat is out wrder aud he cannot practise
his regular profession of ventriloquist, both
know M de very well, and they say it wasn’t
acaseot atte pteda deatall
Fddie Merode had everything coming
hit declared nard We just come
the New England county fairs and were
king a lav-off of a couple of weeks before
ww to Mexico for the winter flere is his
ire took at Old Orchard, Me.” And Ber-
=! t pl ograph of two. tnike-up
oboes ding on each side « i mule
Phat Ceplohoma, sald Bernard
“We got another one called Roone here
We used to have three, but we had to leave
Wise Mika in Valparaiso when we left South
America We gave a performance before

Admiral Sampson while we was down there
Beers's people he id, were wealthy cotton
merchants of Wilmington, N. ( Eddie Beers
had been a jocke: He revived sliehtiy after
being taken to the hospital and will recover

MYSTERICAL,

“PILLIAN SMITH"

Fallsina Fitin Coart When Confronted by a Maa
Whose Name Was on One of Her Bad Checks,
Lillian Smith allas Violet Allen, who was
arrested last Saturday on the charges of giving
one bad check aud against whom there have
since accumulated more than a score of
plaints of swindling, fell in a fit in the Yorkville
police court yesterday when evidence of
fotgery Was about to be produced against her
and was removed to Bellevue Hospital, The

cases again-t her were postponed until she can
s divided in

come

 

 
   

reap; eir in court Oninion w the
court-room as to whether the fit was real or
feigned [he ambulweesurgeon who rer ioved
the woman said sie appeared to be suffering
from “hy-terical epilepsy.’

The eourt was half filled with men and women
ayxious to prefer complaints against the
wo ), When she was arraigned before Magis

trate Deuel Mrs J.J, MeCarthy to whom she
give a b gu check for $50 purporting to be
signed by J hid MeDermott, a livery s'able

  

 

  

keeper of 19 Fast Twenty-seventh stree', called
up MeDerinott to prove that the signature to
the check was forged, “Lilian Smith’ posed
as Mra. MeDermott to Mre Mecarths

fhe moment M: Dermott appeared on the
bridge, the woman fell over bockward, her
head striking the flocr with a thud that ree
ound d throughout the court rhe woman
was carried into an adjoining room where
restoratives Were applied. The moment she
revived she be scream and kick, so that
four mi wore to hold her The fit

sted until t
Was taken to Bellevue

ARCHITECT

e hearing Was given up, andshe
in an ambulane

DIES BY

GAS.,

Had Reen Out of Employment Five Years and
Was Desperate.

Oswald Wirz, an architect, who had been
of employment for the last five years, com-
@ vesterday afternoon In the bath-
544 West 152d street by in-
haling was. His wife went walking on River.
side Drive and when she returned home aftet
being absent an hour and a half she found her
husband dea He had removed a tube from
A gas stove in the kitchen and had connected
it with the was jet in the bathroom and taken
the end in his mouth

Wirz hal been cespondent for a vear or so,

out
mitted sulci

room of his flat at

 

He had often told his wife that he would com-
mit suiciue if he cidn't get work He left a
note for her, written in German, in which he
becwed her forgiveness for his act and re-

quested her to give his instruments to a friend,

Wirz was 49 years old anc leaves four children
For seventeen years he was the architect for
Wallace & Son, the builders Five vearsa ago
he lost that place and he had since been unable
to wet another

PREEPORT'S GHOST,

 

 

 

Has Laminoas Fyves and Sweeps Along With
an Airy Motion,

Freeport, 1. 1, Oct 24 -—-For several nights
past 1 ghost has been keeping belated villagers
the hustle Tt an intelligent ghost and
selects its victims with care It is described
is having long arma and luminous eyes and
it sweens along with an airy motion that makes
the beholder shiver with horror

Several old-time aprinters living in this
Village have_ made new records after seeing
the ghost Tt has chased blevelists and has
hovered close in their wake with an ease that
was appalling Among those who say thev
have seen the ghost are Frank Cornelius and

on i

 

Irving W. Seaman The spook gave them
a reoord-breaking chase on their bieycles
fhe employees of the Brooklyn City water

plant here also say they have seen the appari-
tion floating over the reservoir

Belated Marriage Announcement,

BroomPirup, N J, Oct. 24. -Miss Lilla E
Horton, a niece of Charlea H. Johnson, a New
York banker, and George H. Camp, a son of
Frederick T. Cam New York architect, sur-
prised their frier ye-'erday by announe ng
that they had bee» marred last Junein Newark
by the Key, Louis 8. Osborne of Trinity Chureh,

 

 

 

  
 

 

The
Difference

between ready-made and made-
to-order is just the difference
between the ordinary Buffet-
Library Cars and the New
Club Cars in service on the

Chicago
Great
WesterrY’

Chicago to St. Paul and Minneapolls;
to Des Moines, St. Joseph and Kansas
City. For full information apply to
any railroad agent, cal! on or address
- M. JeNKINS, City Passenger
Agent, 319 Broadway, New York, or

PF. H. LORD, General Passenger Agent,
Chicago Great Western Railway, Chicage,.

 

CARPET CLEANSING.
REFITTING AND RELAYING.
326 7th Av., Near 28th St,

Eoth, bad.! Bad for Cirestar,

T. M.STEWART

  

|

of |

!

|
|

|
|

Ce Se ullS =

rev eigs ne

  
 
 

STEALS WOMEN'S HAGGAGE,

John HW, Cook t4 the Mevnest Swindler Capt,
MeClask) Has khacwn

John H. Cook, against
teen complaints of robbery

whom there are six

was arrested in

the flotel Jefferson at Irving place and Wit
teenth street on Tuesday night Capt MeClusky
gaiid of him yesterday ‘Tle is about the

meanest and most heartless thief | have ever

known
Cook, who has done his work under various

aliases, has made asnectalty of robbing women
He would insert advertisements in the papers
asking for a companion for a widow, and the
women who answered it would be inveigied |
into preparing for a long Journey abroad
Each would be induced to send her trunk

to her supposed employer's hotel or to thet ill

road and Cook under one pretext or

another would get possession of the bugsage
That was always the last the vietim
would see of her baggage or of Cook Amon
those thus swindled was Miss Ella Mitcheil
of 4 Weat Thirty-second street. She expected
to be travelling companion toa widow about
t> take an extended tour abroad Cook got
her baggage at the station as ahe was on her
way to Washington to meet the supposed widow,
Mrs Eloise Standish, an elderly woman, camo
on to New York from Kaston, Pa, on a eimilar
errand She had spent $4)) in wetting together
a wardrobe She meet Cook, whom she knew
as “Mr Cunningham,” in the Turkish room of
the Waldorf-Astoria, and gave him the check
for her trunk

Among others similarly swindled

Stition

checks

were Mrs

Gorham of 157 Weat Fifteenth street, Mrs Doros |

Prescott of 226 West 154th street, Frank
222 West Sixty-seventh street, who was
Joseph Stimson of 361

thy
Smitho
to bea private secretary
West Twenty-second street, Thomas Brennon of
Woodhaven, Conn; Martin M_ Infel of 10 East
118th street, George A Newton of New Paltz,
N Y Edwardd Meehan of 61 East Eighty-fourth
street John Leach of 123 West Fightieth street,
and Max Wolfram, a chemist of 1650 Fulton
atreet, Brooklyn In several cases the victims
met Cook through the instrumentality of the
Young Men's Christian Association, the swindler
having impressed the secretaries with the bellef
that he was honest and respectable Wolfram
seems to have been the createst sufferer Cook
got his satchel containing not only his‘clothes,
but also hia chemist certificate, without whieh
he cannot get employment For a few
after his loss he was seen by his acquaintances
almost distracted. Then he disappeared en-
tirely

From the nature of hia advertisement Cook
received answers from young inen and women

 

   

 

 

     

 

of refinement who were least likely to sus-
pect him. All kinds of personal effects, like
miniatures and keepsakes valuable only to
the owners, were lost throueh him Nine
well-dressed persona were in the Yorkville
police yurt yesterday to offer complaints
agal him He was held in $1,600 bail for
further examination next Thursday, as more |
Vietinis coutinue to send in complaints to Police

Headquarters

Remarkable Old Woman Dead.

Mrs Ellen Carney, 96 vears old, died sud-
deniv yesterday morning at 510 West Twenty-
seventh street, lived with her
deughtes and son. had been an invalid
and bedridden fer s« time and wastotilly
blird. Mrs Carney wasa small woman, weigh-
ing only 6 pounds. She was the
fourteen children

where she

she

me

MARINE INTELLIGENCE,

MINTATURF ALMANACTHIS DAY
Sun rises 6:19! Sun Sets.5:907 Moon sets..614
HIGH WATER=—THIS DAY
Sandy Hook 6:12 | Gov. I'd. .6:44| Hell Gate .10:57 |

Arrived—WEDNESDAY, Oct 24
Ss Oceante, Cameron, Liverpool, Oct, 14

Ss Mesaba Sr rave. London, Oct 18

Ss Noordiand, Losewitz, Antwerp, Oct 13
Ss Bremerhaven, Ninnes, Antwerp, Oct. 10
Ss Burgermeister Petersen, Stewe, Shields, Oct &
Ss Indranil. Hi), Tyiiitan, Aug 15

Ss V dion, Christeneen, Progreso, Oct, 16

Ss Buffon, Ohta Rio Janeiro, Oct. 4

Ss Arara. Willlamson, Boston, Oct. 23

Ss Jefferson, Dole, Norfolk, Oct. 28

Ss Fl Norte Gardner, New Orleans, Oct. 19
Ss Bluefields, Curry. Baltimore Oct. 22

Ss Goldsboro, French, Philadelohia, Oct. 23
Bark Nineveh, Walls, Manzanilla, Sept 21

Brig Irene, Rogers, Turk's Island, Oct. 5,

 

ARRIVED OUT.
Ss St. Paul, from New York. at Southampton
S« Pretoria. from New York, at Cherbourg
Ss Kaiserin Maria Theresia, from New York, at
Bremen.
Ss Maasdam, from New York, at Rotterdam.

 

SAILED PROM FORFIGN PORTS
Ss Teutonte, from Livernool for New York
Ss Empress of China, from Hong Kong for Van-
couver,

OUTGOING STEAMSHIPS

Sat! To-day
Molle Cloee, Vee! Saile
La Bretagne, llacre AAD AM 1N0O AM

 

 

 

 

  

jays |

mother of

 

| © Puapeipnia, Oct. 24.—¢

|

|
|

Kalser Friedrich Hamburg 639 AM INNO AM
Niegara. Tamnico 190 P M snoP Ml
Santiago, Santlago 10°9PM aooPpn
Syracusa. North Brazil 1100AM 1nO PM
Geo W. Clyde, Charleston s00PM!
Jefferson, Norfolk s00PM
Sail To-morrow
Uiter, St Kitts 1000 A M 1200M
Rio Grende Bronewick 200PM
Navahoe, Charleston AnOPM
Guyandotte, Norfolk s00PM
Sai) Saturday, Oct. 27
Tmbria. Liverpoo! 400 AM SM AM
Werra, Nanies SOD AM 1900 AM
Astoria, Glasgow 1900 AM 1200 M
Statendam. Rotterdam A00AM INOO AM
Patricia. Hambure TOOAM
Minneapolis, London..
Laurentian, Glasgow 1200M
Havana, Havana 1100 AM 1nOPM
Coronda. Arrcentina 7TMAM PUA M
Fontabelie. St. Thomas WSO AM 12 00M
Ponce, Porto Rico INNO AM 1200M
Alleghany, Jamaica INMO AM 1200 M
Maracatho, Cursea® 1000 AM 1200M
Loutstena, New Orleans anop.y
Hamiliton, Norfolk s00OPM
INCOMING STFAMSHIPS.
Due To day
Commonwealth Antwerp Ort 4
Honiton Rotterdam Oct. 7
Hesnerta Gibraltar Ort. 10
Hek'a Christiansand Met, 10
Alesander Bixio llavre Ort 10
Triler Bremen Oet. 10
Llandaff City Swansea Ort. 11
Pocacset ebebee Gibraltar Ort 11
Indravelll Gibraltar Oct, 11
Sabine sees Galveston Oct. 18
Ithaka Havana Oct, 20
Due Teemorron
Columbta Hambure #00aus Ort 18
Graft Woelderace Hambure Ort 158
Fritish King Antwerr Oct. 18
Wells City Swensea Oct. 12
Algonquin Jackson ville Net?
Kansas City Savannah Oct
Due Saturday, Oct. 27
| Campania Liverpool Ort 20
L'Acultatne Havre Oe. 20
New York Sou'hampton Ort. 29
Poly Carp Pora Ort 15
Toronto Hull ‘ Oct 14
' Prins Maurits Port au Prince. Oct. 22
Due Sunday, Oct 28
Menominee London Oe 14
[AMDAeAS Galveston ° Oct 21
Mihe'red »Jamolca Oct 28
Olinda Matanzas Oct. 24
Due Monday, Oct 28
Furnessia Glasgow Oct 18
Wemar Bremen Ot. 17
Kansas City Swansea Oct. 18
Caracas San Juan Oct. 24
El laso New Orleans Oct 24
Proteus New Orleans Ort 24
M t St. Luela Ort 22
MARRAIE
CUTTING—DF RAISINES,-On Wednesday, Oct
24, 1900, by the Rew. Alonzo C. Stewart, Charles

Weed Cutting to Harriet Loutse de Ratsines

WELCH LIVINGSTON.—On Wednesday. Oct 24
1909. at of the Archleptseopal rest
dence in this city, by his Grace the Archbishop of
New York, Charles James Welch, Esq,
Franelsco, Cal, to Elizabeth Kilsyth Livingston,

Mr. and Mrs Van Brough Livingston of

the chapel
of San

niece of

this ets
mIEYD.

At Newark, N. J. on Wednesday morning
24, 1900, Miss Mary Jane Davis, in her 47th

DAVIS,
Oct
year

Funeral Thursday, Oct. 25, 1900, at 1:30 P.M
102 Court st, Newark, N. J.

HAGEN.—On Wednesday, Oct, 24, 1900, Henry G.,
gon of the late Matthew T. Hagen, aged 28
years

Funeral services Friday. Oct. 26, 1900, at2 P. M.,
at 120 New York ave., cor, Bergen st Inter
ment private

PIKE,—On Monday, Oct 22, 1000, Marta Martin,
widow of Gardiner Pike.

Funeral services at the residence of her brother,
Howard R. Martin, 115 West 77th st, on
Thursday, Oct. 25, 1900, at 11 A.M. Interment
at Greenwood

WHEELER,~—Suddenly, on Monday, Oct. 22, 1900,
Anna, daugtter of the late George Minor and
Maria B. Wheeler of Scarsdale, N. ¥

Funeral services at the residenes

23
22

of her brother
West 48th st. on
1900, at half past

in-law, Henry P. Toler,
Thursday morning, Oct. 2
ll o'clock. Interment private.

Th
Grand

   

KENSICO CEMETERY.-—Private station,
em Rallroad; 43 minutes’ ride from the

tent Paes

from |

|
|
|

|
!
| st

a> te eet ere we a

 

 

fe

—s “
It’s true there are bigger Me
in the sea than have ever bee,

caught, for we've just landed on |

of the finest specimens of thé
“sole” species hooked in a long
‘ time,

| Now on show,

|! A shoe made by the same
| man

| 14 shoes — made of the same
| materials on the same lasts.

| Our point of vantage is lower
| price.
|
|

Giood shoes at
&5,

Every good kind for man and
boy.

 

at

Roerrs, Perr c Company.

254 Broadway, cor. Warren

| and 7 and 0 Warren St

669 Broadway, cor. Prince We fll orders

12. Broadway, cor. 32a by mall,
and 54 West 33d St

GREAT
WESTERN
Champagne

received the

Only
Gold Medal

awarded to any American
Champagne at the Paris
Exposition of 1900,

PLEASANT VALLEY WINE CO,,

Sole Makers, Rheims, N. ¥.
Sold by all Respectable Wine Dealers.

   

 

MRS, BAILEY'S GIRL CANVASSERS,
They Sold the Tickets All Kight, bat Fatled te
Tarn In the Money.

Mrs. Thomes J. Bailey of Orange brought
three young women canvassers from Cincinnatl
to Newark a week ago. The young women were
to sell tickets for an entertainment that is to
be given under the auspices of the King's
Daughters in Newark. They were the Misses
Anita and Bessie Moore and Miss Sadie Eliott.
They were recommended to Mra. Bailey by a
friend as being experts in selling tckets. She
forwarded to them $50 for their travelling exe
penses and as soon ius they arrived sent them
outtosell tiekets. Each had $75 worth of tickets,
Mrs. Bailey h them since, The girla
began work on last Thursday and on last Satur-
day Mrs. Bailey put a detective on their track,
On Monday they were traced to a New York
boarding house Then they fled and on Tuesday
they were tracked to Boston and there theMoore
sisters were locked up Ihe Eliott girl is still
at large. It is said the three girls managed to
sell about $90 worth of tickets in Newark,

 

is Not seer

  

Tayard Taylor's Home at Aa tion,

dareroft, the
home which Bayard Taylor built at Kennets
Square, in the valley of the Brandywine, is
aboutto fallundertheSheriffshanuner. Itwiil
be sold to the highest bidder to-morrow at the

Court House in West Chester. After the death
of the poet in 187s, Cedarcroft was bought by
Dr. Richard Lewis, of Philadelphia, who Hyed

 

there until 1802, when the place was sold ta
W. 1. Barineton. Mr. Batinvton died several
years age, but the property is still n the pose

   

session of Lis wife, and it is satisfy credite¢
of the Batington estate that the house is to bq
sold

-—-—_—--———
Colleges and Schools.

For Boys & Young Men—City & Country.

[Madison School,

J.&N. Y KR. cbranch
boarders limited to °
privete tutoring with the
school associations urricalam, preparatory to
Columbia applied selences Physteal Calture,
Horsemanship (every pupil bts horse), Fencing and
Held work, Facilities, Laboratories, Workshops and
ample grounds beautifully situated. New building
G. von TAULBE, Principal. a

DWICHT SCHOOL

16 West @is4 sireet, New bora city
Zit Year opens Sept. 26th,

High class private school for boys from 7 to 29
years of age ndividual attention given boys whose
education has been irregular. Large leculty. Labor
atories Gymnasium. Athietics

Annual catalogue will be sent on appiication to

ARTHUR WILLIAMS, BK. A Principal |

'N. Y. Preparatory School.

1S West 4d St., New York: Jorslemon st
Brooklyn. Classesor private work Day or evening.
Hoth s xes, Students prepar for any college or
school in the United St Open now REGENTS,
fdent Hoard of Directors

Asa ©. Gallup, B
Emil FE. Camerer Eng., Principal

~ Senftner School,

18 ASTOR PEACH. NEAR BROADWAY.
THOUSANDS OF STUDENTS HAVE BEEN

CESSPECLEY ' FAREED FOR Rk-
GENTS’ AND COLLEGE EXAMINATIONS,
CLASS AND PRIVATE INSTRUCTION

Business Colleges,

MONT VALE,
New Jersey,
f Erie). 24 miles out
Age, from !2 years
advantages of

  

 

   

 

ates
\.._ Pre
LE. We, Cly

 

 

 

 

 

NEW YORK BUSINESS INSTITUTE,

The leading Scio :luf Bustness in Greater New Yor
Prepates tho y for practica: work and obtains

     

{tuations forall graduates of Compiete Commerctal
Course Day and evening Call for Catalogue or

write toClement © Gatnes, Mt. Morris bank Building,

125th » New York, N.Y
NUMBER

12 St
CLUB CLASS, iiss.
ree. clubrates: morning and afternoon

Complete e
classes. Personal registration daily, 3 to 5, before
Nov. 14. Professtonal course day and evening
Stenography and Trypewriting Trainiog School,
United Chatities Bldg , 105 F. 22d. st.. Room 215,

Long Island Business College

145 to 149 South ®th St., Brooklyn,
The business training school of to-day fur young
men abd young women
DAY AND EVENING SESSIONS.
‘HT, Preinetpal

HENRY C. WRI
Kissick’s Business Institute,
thorough, prac

46-40 Ashland Pl, Brooklyn A

Ucal business education: modern methods, Boos
keeping, Stenography and Typewriting, $10 to $29
per term, English Classics, Higher Mathematics

THE MILLER SCHOOL ~

St. James Butiding, 114% Broadway,
SHORTHAND, TYPEWRITING, BOOKKEEPING
DAY OR EVENING, CIRCULARS SO VACATIONS
“No Better School at Any Price."

STENOGRAPHY THE PAINE UPTOWN
TYPEWRITING BUSINESS SCHOOL
TELEGRAPHY 107 WEST S4TH ST
BOOKKEEPING Cor, Broiwdway
English, Correspondence, &e Day and livening

Schools of Languages,

STAMMERIN

Stuttering, Lisping and = other 1 Defects
promptly eradicated by educational methods
DAVID GREENI Hroadw
aon EST (1890  4mme-s ite

   

,

yh ae Nt
LANGUAGE 'S

265 SCHERMERINORN ST BH KLIN

 

Schools of Physical Cultare,

OR. SAVAGE GYMNASIU™.. ~

_———

that makes most of thé
superior can’t-touch-me $12 and

 

 

ga

—
i

ee ae

en

aan

i

ee

ee omni ab

oe
—— a