ae

VOL LXVIL—NO. M7.

—_—_—_ re

X0 WORD FROMGEN, BULLER

ENGIAS!) ANXIOUSLY AWAITS NEWS
OF THK ATTACK ON SPION KOP,

 

’

 

 

Bope That Re-enforcements WIN Arrive in
Time to Turn the Scale in British Favor
<Last Despatches From Buller’s Camp |
Tell of Fighting on Tuesday Before the
Critioal Assault on Spion Kop—Crowds
Around the War Office All Day.

Special Cable Despatch to Taw Bow,

Lonpon, Jan. 25,-The anxious suspense
into which Gen, Buller’s announcement of his |
{inpending assau!t on Spion Kop plunged the
country has not been relieved, There ia noth-
ing from any source indicating whether tho
attack was delivered,

The affecting scenes at the War Office con-
tinued until past midnight, when the disap-

pointed crowd reluctantly started home-
ward after being notified that nothing
more would be {seued before morn. |
ing. The Marquis of Lansdowne, Sec

retary of State for War, Field Marshal
Lord Wolseley, and George Wyndham, Parita-
mentary Under Secretary for War, were in at-
tendanceat the War Office all day awaiting
pews from Gen. Buller. The military clubs
were crowded from early morning with mem-

bers who patiently waited to hear from South
Africa.
The best balanced criticism regards the

British and Boers as being evenly matched.
The question is raised whether rednforcements
can possibly reach Gen, Buller before the

crisis Is reached, Over six battalions of
infantry and the artillery of the Sixth Divi-
Fo), which reached Cape Town some days ago,
have not been reported since and the hope is |
ventured that they have gone to Natal and |
that they will arrive in time to turn the scale
in jen, Builer’s favor,

Jhere is news of tighting on Tuesday, lasting
from 6 o’vlock in the morning until dusk,

but it was not a general engagement, |
The Boer artillery, however, was more
active, the fifteen-pounders they cap-
tured at Colenso throwing = shrapnel,

though apparently doing little damage. Ac-
cording to one account the Boers retired to-
wards the Drakensbergen, but evidently there
was nothing like a general retreat,

A despatch from Spearman's Camp, under
date of Tuesday evening, says: “The fleld ar-
tillery and a few howitzers this morning
thelied the Boer left from a kopje on the
right, the tofantry keeping up a contin-
uous rifle fire from good cover. The Boers
abandoned the summit of the kopje which
they had been holding and the British
then occupied it, but the enemy took
shelter behind @ stone wall on the side
of the kopje and hold the position for ,
hours, They retreated in the afternoon, the |
British dropping shrapnel and lyddite shells
on them as they crossed aravine. The British
then occupied the position they had held, The
casualtios were few.”

The Daily Mail remains in sole enjoyment
of its Lisbon sensation. Its 2orrespondent is
represented as adding to the story published

yesterday thatthe breach of neutrality
was on Portugal's side, He says |
that the amaliest, if any, impedi- |

ment is being putin the way of the Boers. It
this is proved the result will be most disastrous
fr Portugal. The reénforeements demanded
by the Governor of Lorenzo Marques have not
yo been sent.

‘he Mail's correspondent at Lorenzo Mar
ques, in a deapatch dated Jan, 24, savs that all
passengers who had booked for the Transvaal
have been stopped by an order from Portugal
The Russian ambulance which arrived on the
steamer Gironde was excepted from the oper-
ation of the order,

The Morning Leader's Berlin correspondent
pays a report reaches there by way of Brussels
that Gen, Warren's advance has been abortive, |
He has suffered such severe losses that he ie |
unable at present to continue hostilities,

A despatch to the Times from Spearman’s
Camp, dated Jan, 23, describes Tuesday's
fighting, and adds: “We are no further ad- |
vanced, The Boers are prepared to fight al-
most interminably, having intrenched thelr
ridge, which stretches inan almost unbroken
line from the Drakensbergen many miles to
the eastward.”

A despatch from Cape Town to the Timea, |
gent under date of Jan. 23, says there fs little
doubt that a movement is quietiy proceed.

 

ing among certain leading members of !
the Afrikander fond = to make the!
first decisive British victory or the

first invasion of republican territory the aigna! |
for a violent peace agitation, accompanying an |

appeal for magnanimity, by covertly |
hinting that they will be unable to,
restrain the Dutch in the colony from |
taking arms The correspondent adds

thatifthe Dutch rural population are firmly
but considerately treated, there {a little fear
that agitation In Cape Town will lead to seri-
ous trouble

The papers criticise the War Offiea for pub-
lishing Gen, Buller’a plans concerning the at-
tack on Splon Kop, The Times says:

"The censors have been ready enough to
suppress, without reason, news that the publio
Was entitled toknow. The War Office seems
to have fallen into the opposite error, Bethe
reasons for this injudictous step what they
may, the result has been to needlessly keep the
public mind {in a stato of cruel suspense.”

 

MACKUM 10 SAIL SATURDAY,

Will Leave Cherbourg for New York—Denies
All Alleged Interviews,
Special (able Dervatch to THe Brn.

Pants, Jan. 24.—Mr, Macrum, formerly
United States Consul at Pretoria, told the cor-
respondent of THE SUN to-day that it was un-
true that he had been interviewed at Naples or
elsewhere, (espite the fact that certain news.
papers had pub/ished alleged interviews with |
him. Headded that he did not know until |
yesterday that Dr, Leyds, the European tepre- |
sentative of the Transvaal wasin Parts. He |
had neither seen him nor communieated with
him. Mr, Maerum ridiculed the rumor that he
and Dr. Leyds are in Paris with a common ob-
ject,

Mr Macrum willsail from Cherbourg on the
the American Line steamer St. Pan! on Satur-
day. He willnot goto London. He is appar. i
ently surprised and amused by the importance
that has been thrust upon him

|
Sent to Search for a Disabled Transport.
Speeia’ Cob po'ch to THE Bus,

Cape Town, Jan, 23.—The transport Cymrie
has bern sent from here to search for the dis-
abled transport Manchester Corporation and |
tow her to this port. The Manchester Core |
poration has on board the Royal Horse Artil-
Jery and when spoken on Saturday, 500 miles |
northeast of the island of Ascension, signalled
that she had lost two blades of her propeller,

 

 

 

Another German Ship Released, '

Special Coble DempatcA to Tite Sex,
Berry, Jan, 24.-The Post says that the
German bark Hans Wagner, which was seized
by the British and takento Port Elizabeth has
been released, [taddathatthe British aban-
doned their intention to search the cargo,

Derby Desk Company, 145 Fulton Street,
Interior office partitions, counters and railings.—

 

 

 

| stuent

} cereme lets

 

 

“NEW YORK, THURSDA

 

ee

Y,

JANUARY

25,

BOMBARDMENT OF KIMBERLEY,

 

Well-Directed Fire on Tuesday, but There
Were No Casualties in the Town,
Special Cabta Despatch to Tur Bon,

Moppexk Riven, Jan. 24.~A hellogram from
Kimberley gives an account of a severe and
Well-directed Boer bombardment on Jan. 23,
Thore were no casualties, but thero wero a
number of narrow escapes,

The heliogram added that all the white om-
ployes of the De Beers Mining Company, num-
bering J.000 have turned soldiers, They are
receiving their usual wages from the company,
‘The company {s also employing 4,000 natives tn
road making, dc. The woekly wages amount
to £2, i

The populace are well and cheerful. The
authorities compel dealers to charge normal
prices for necessaries, but luxuries command
famine prices,

 

KIMBERLEY’S NEW GUN WORKS WELL,

 

**Long Cecil” Named in Honor of Rhodes,
Who Fires Several Shells From It.

Spreeial Cable Despatch to Tur Bun.
Mopper River, Jan, 22.—A heliogram from
Kimberley says: “Our ‘Long Cecil’ works ex-
cellently, Rhodes has fired several shells,”

The “Long Cecil” is a 28-pound gun that
was manufactured tn the works of the De Beers
Mining Company at Kimberley, It waa named
in nooor of Cecil Rhodes, who ia now in Kim-

vrley,

THE APPEAL TO M’KINIEY,

 

Nearly 100,000 Signatures Now on the Brus-
sels Petition for Intervention,
Special Cable Despatch to Tue Brew.
Brussers, Jan. 24.—The signatures to the
national address prepared at & masa meeting
held here on Jan. 4, which asks President Mce
Kinley to fntervene in the South African war
number nearly 100,000. Twice as many are
expected in a fortnight, when the address will
be forwarded to Washington.

 

NEGRO RESOLUTION AGAINST BOERS,

Declaration That They Have Treated the
Natives of Africa Shamefully.

Boston, Jan. 24.—-W. T. Ferris, a negro
inthe Harvard divinity school, pre-
sented strong anti-Boer resolutions at a meet-
{ng of the Colored National League in the
Chartes Btreet A, M. EF. Church last evening.

He gave his reason for opposition to the Boers,

that their triumph meant slavery and their da-

feat freedom. In supporting the resolution Mr.
erris said:

“The treatment which the natives have
received froin the Boers has been most shaniee
ful. They have been whipped and yoked as
oxen to carts. The Boers are fighting for their
liberty, yet they are keeping silent about the
liberty of the natives. We should remember
that we are still negross and muat side with
those to whom we are related,”

At the close of the address the motion to
allow the matter to go over to tho Executive
Committee and to appear at the next meeting
prevailed,

Sympathy for the British,

Burraro, Jan, 24.—To offset the Pro-Boer
meeting recently held at the Lyceum Theatre,
a number of prominent Buffalonians last night
held a meeting at the Tifft House, and adopted
resolutions of sympathy for the Britis A
fund was started for the relict of the widows
and orphans of British soldiers. Circulars
calling for subscriptions to this fund are being
sent out.

 

For Widows and Orphans of the Boers,

George W. Van Siclen announced yesterday
that as treasurer of the fund for the widows
and orphans of the Boers, he had received up
to Jan. 17, additional subscriptions amonnt-
ing to $1,046.75, Altogether since the fun!
was started over $1,800 has been subscribed,
The subseriptiong have come from all over the
saunter and vary in amounte from 25 cents to

OV,

 

Boer Resolution Shelved in Texas,

Austin, Tex., Jan, 24.—In the House of Rep-
resentatives to-day a concurrent resolution,
extending the sympathy of the Togas Legisla-
ture to the Boers in theirwar wit ngian was

eferred to the Committee oo Federal Relations

y a vote of 73 yeas and 37 nays.

 

WOMAN WITH DIAMONDS RUN OVER,

 

Unconscious in the Hospital and Nothing
to Show Her Name.

Awoman dreased in dark clothing of good

| quality, and apparently about 50 years old,

was knocked down at Fourteenth street and
Eighth avenue yesterday afternoon’ by

a brewery wagon driven by Dennis Horan
of 4)0 West 125th street. She was taken

' to New York Hospital suffering from internal

injuries and at L o'clock this morning had not
recovered consciousness, There was nothing

! about her to give any clue to her identity. She

wore a
Horan was arrested an
West Twentfeth street station.

jamond brooch ang f ceeene ring.
CKO

 

DEAD BROUGHT FROM MANILA,

 

Commodore Carlin’s Body Among Those
on the Transport City of Pekin,

San Francisco, Jan, 24.—The transport City
of Pekin arrived to-day from Mant'a with the
bodies of 15 eoldiers, Itis doubtful whether
the Board of Health will permit the bodies to
be landed and burfed here, a3 many of theimen
died of smallpox ana fevers, _

Lieut.-Commander James W. Carlin died on
Deo, 31, Among the prominent officers who ree
turned on the City of Pekin are Capt, W. H
Leutze of the Monterey, Capt, Tappan, inte of
the gunboat Caleo, and Capt. V. T, Coltmann
of the collier Brutus, Inthe steerage are 178
convalescenta, discharged soldiers and pris-

oners, ees
Another Strike on Mr, Rockefeller’s House,

Still another strike took place yesterday on
John D., Rockefeller’s house, Fifty-fourth atreet
and Fifth avenue, The last one was a strike of
the varnishers against members of the Amal-
gamated Painters’ Union doing varnishing
aud was settled by the painters being taken
of the varnishing and the varnishing being
given tothe varnishers. This time the paint.
era atruck to have the varnishers discharged
and to have both painting and varnishing done

y painters, Their places were prom pele lied

y members of the German Patnters’ Union,
which {s affiliated withthe Board of Walking
Delegates, the latter having taken up the cad-
gels on behalf of the varnishers,

 

Father and Son Murdered,

BreminouamM, Ala., Jan, 24.-In a row Jate
yesterday afternoon near Oak River Mills, in
Limestone county, John Benningtleld and his
son John were kiled by John Legg. The dif-

 

feulty, arose overasettiament about some lum. |

er. They could not agree in the matter and
the two Benningflelds mounted their wagon to
drive away when Legg fired upon them at close
range with his shotwuon aud Killed them both,
The elder Benningfield waa 65 years old,
Legg is 50 years old,

Burial of Soldiers Who Died at Santiago,

Wasnrnoton, Jan, 24.—Puneral services over
the bodies of forty-alx soldiers who ded
at Santiago during the Spanish war
were held in Arlington National Cemetery
toeday. The Rev lackay Smith of St
John’s Episcopal Chureh and Father Dolan
of st, Patrick's Catholic Chureh officiated. The
President, in company with the Secretary of
War andthe Attorney-General, witnessed the
A detachinent of cavaay from
fort Myer fired the military salute over tho

uraves

Norwegian Warship Going to Bluefields,

Moutre, Ala, Jan, 24.—The steamship Yu-
muri reports that when she sailed from Bocas
del Toro the Norwegian warship Ellida was

at that port on the way to Diueflelds to fnvesti-
gate the seizure of & Norwegian steamehip for

Deerfoot Farm Sausages,

With increasing knowles of the danger to health
thronah carelessly prepaccd foo \, consulner® wrow
more and more fastidionsin theirsele tion,
foot’ means purity, datntiness and cleanliness,—

t Adv :
Derby Desk Company, 142 Falton Street,

Bank fxturea of wood, marble or bronze.
Adv,

 

ENGLAND DUPED INTO WAR,

JOHN MORLEY SAYS IT I8
GOLD HUNTBRS’

 

ONLY A
CONSPIRACY,

 

Sovere Attack on the Governinent Approved
by His Audience—Must Fight It Out Now,
He Saya,

He Takes a Gloomy View of the Vuture,

but the Cause Is Unworthy

Special Cable Derpateh to Taw Son,

Lonpon, Jan, 24.—-Mr, John Morley. M, P,,
dormerly Chief Secretary for Ireland, in a
speech at Forfar to-day made his first public
utterance since the outbreak of the war, His
speech was a trenchant indictment of the Gov-
ernment, and his nudience endorsed hia state-
ments with unexpected unanimity,

Mr. Morley admitted that the Boor ultimatum
made it neoessary to vindicate the Queen's
authority in her dominions, and enid that
Great Britain had no choice but to finish the
war, The ultimatum, however, did not re-
move the complex questions which led to its
delivery.
sober and honest people of Groat Britain
examined in detail the grievances of
the Uitlanders not one in a handred
would say that the question of righting these
wrongs alittle sooner or later was worth the
sacrifice of a brave, chivalrous life like Gen,
Wauchope's, orthe cost of a single desolated
home. It was the want of decent foresight
and deoent information concerning the spirit
and temper of the Government ant people of
the Transvaal that Jed the Government to
stumble into war in the dark. Ho believed
that the Boers had algo stumble! into war. but
that did not exeuse the British Government,

He did pot attack the Ministers for not
sufficiently preparing for war, but for allowing
themselves to drift or to be dragged intoa
policy that made war certain. The language
used in Parliament and in Sir Alfred Milner’s
despatches meant war or nothing, and over all
was the trailof finance, There had been acon-
aviracy of yoid hunters, some foreign and
soim6 British. It was a sordid plot against the
peace of South Africa at the expense oft
fame und strengthof the British Empire.
was maddening to think the well-intentioned
people of Great britain should be dupes ia
stocksjobbing manauvres, &@ mere game of
bulls and bears,

If it were true that there had also been a
Dutch conspiracy was it creditable that the
Government should imagine thatsuch o peril
would vanish by amere reform of tne tran-
chiee? The Government never believed that
such a retorm would be more than amere tem-
porary expedient, and a painful light was now
ehed on the want of good faith in the negotias
tions. The Government ought to have pur-
sued what it had calied an “eight-day clock
policy,” a patient, persuasive, conciliatory
policy,

Mr. Morley took a gloomy view of the future.
Tie declared that much had been said about
putting hands on the plow and not turning
back, but, he asked, what seeds are being cast
in the furrows, what crop are the LBritiah scat-
tering? Tares, and @ crop of tares. Great
Britain not only faced the problem of the future
appease ment of South Afries, but she might be
called upon to face dangers in other quartera
where the war had kindled passions and
resentments. There waa also the question of
conscription. He doubted, too, whether the
relations between (ireat Britain and her colo-
nies would remain indefinitely what they were
before the war. Suppose there was another
peace conference at The Hague. The most
polite diplomatist would burst out laughing if
the British Ambassador appeared,

Mr. Morley added tnat he had been attacked

because of his attitude, but ha asked whether |

the men who had promised to be in Pretoria
on Christmas Day or the men who warned the
British to look where they were going were
the patriots.

The meeting adopted a motion of confidence
in Mr. Moriey. in thanking bis hearers for the
vote Mr. Morley said that he had delivered his

speech in direct disobedience of his medica!
advisers, but the @risis was such that it was
hia duty to face his constituents, He said, in
conolusion, that the signifleance of their ex-
pression of confiience could not be overrated.

 

 

BELIEVE PRESSLER 18 DEAD,

 

Missing Brooklyn Man Probably the

Victim of a Wreck tn Nebraska,
Omana, Neb., Jan, 24.-The body of Emil
Pressler, 4 brookiyn man, for whom 4 search

| has been going on for more than & year, has

| o'eloek

been located In an unmarked grave at Kidney,
Neb. On Jan. 0 list year the Union Pacillo
Overland train went into a diteh at Sunol,
Among the unidentified dead was @ passenger
found under the sleeper.

Severa! monthe later the local police and the
Union Pacitic ofliciais received inquiries from
Oscar Pfeiffer of Y22 Keap street, Brooklyn,

N. Y., unele of kmi! Pressler, who had disape |

yeare | in January while on his way from New

ork to Honoluvu. Hia ticket read “via the
brie, Northwestern, Union Vacifje and South-
ern Pacitic.’ His trunks arrived in San Frau-
cisco, but letters of credit on man Francisco
banks were never presented, He had written
aletter to his mother, dated Jan, 0, ‘One day
out of Chicago,” and male! on the train,

A Jetter received to-day from the relatives of
Preas er ask the Union Pacific officials to send
the boty, now In the unmarked grave at 8id-
ney, to Now York.

 

Pressler was 2 years old. He came
to this country from Berlin a little over qyear
o, and Went tothe home of his uncle, Oscar
v effer, at 222 Keap street, Williamsburg, On
an. 13, Mr. PiletYer informed the polices that
Preesier had disappeared [n amysterious man-
ner from 4 raiiroa! train on the way to the
Taoific Coast. The young man had started for
the Hawaiian Islands, and friends accompanted
him on the train as far as Chicago, That was
he last heard of him, His frieods believed that
he had gone tothe Philippines with a Westeru
egiment, intending to notify hie relatives
ater.

 

 

Trance Medium Arrested for Fraud.

CLEVELAND, Ohio, Jan. 23.—Belle Eddy, allas
Mrs. R, B, Yates of Cleveland, a trance medium,
was arrested Ly the poilce at Youngstown to-
day. The warrant was sworn out by Post
Office Inspector James J. Larmour. It is
charged that Mra. Yates devised a scheme to
defraud Mra. ©. L. Common of this
city by meana of the post office,

Behind the legal verbiage employed in the
warrant ia & tale of hypnotism and mystic
power wherein Mrs, Common was defra 1
out of $10,000, Mrs. Yates said ahs was
abie to find Sirs. Common’s son and her dead
husband s relatives

 

 

Harrisburg ‘Patriot’? Burned Out Partly.

Haneispurs, Pa., Jan, 24.-A fire to-night
alinost destroyed the Pafriot newspaper build-
ing on Market street and damaged the Globe
Clothing House adjoining to @ slight extent.
The fre started in the Harrisburg shirt fac-
tory on the fourth floor, and the tiremen

were unable to conquer the blaze before 1
Lhe plant of the newspaper was dam
aged seriously, mostly by water, The other
newspapers tendered their facilities and the
Jadrvwt will be issued to-morrow morning

Two Arrests for the Eyre Murder,

PriLvapecruia, Pa, Jan. 24—James and
Ainos Pierce were arrested late toenight by

| Chiet of PolicefBerry of Chester, Pa,, and locked

{ use asa troopship bythe Nicaraguan authori- |
ties.

Deer: |

up in jail, charged with the recent murder of
George B, Eyre, the wealthy resident of
ter. The question of jurisdiction has been dis-
posed of, the Jersey authorities agreeing that
the proseeution shall take place in Pennsyl-
vania. The murdered man was buried to-day,

Ches-

No Expense Has Been Spared
to make the Pennsylvania Lis iited the finest train in
the world, Leaves New dork
Chicavo, Cinetunati and 8t, Lous via Pennsylvania
Nailroad,— Adv
enenngaaantin

Derby Desk Company, 145 Fulton Street.

Original desigua submitted for special work. —
Adv,

      
 

He believed that if the sensible, |

every morhiig for ,

Ny,

\ | WH
s

1900.—COPYRIGHT, 1900, BY

MAIN’S CIRCUS UNDER THE HAMMER,

Proprietor Sells Out Because He's Kich,
Not in Good Health, and Wants to Quit,

Geneva, Ohio, Jan, 24.—The salo at public
auction of the entire circus and menagerio
owned by Walter L, Main oveurred here to-
day. Last season it was the third largest cir-
cus in America, Lions, tlgera, elephants and
other animals went underthe hammer to the
highest bidder, and in like manner rolling
equipment, from Roman chariots to fine private
railway cars, was disposed of to be lscattered
to different parts of the country,

‘The announcement that thie event would
take place was a great surprise to the show
world, The owner {8 still under forty
years. When asked to-day for the rea-
son for the sale Mr. Main sald he had be-
come independently rich, and being tn ill
health did not care to be burdened with the
responsibility of the show. Being unwilling to
Gilow it to go out unless he could accompany
it, he decided that the auctioneers ham.
ner Was the quickest: ineans ol. profitable
| disposal, Among the bidders were W. W, Cola
| of New York, representing Barnum & Batley;
John Ottoand A. Ringling of Ringhog bros.,
Baraboo, Wis.; Lewis Selis, Columbus, Ohio;
|B. BE, Watliee, Peru, Ind, and Willlam Sells
and E D. Colvin of Chicago, When asked in
reward to the show comb nation which it is ree
ported bas been formed between Barnum &
Hiatey, Sells Bros, and Porepangh the men
coneerped sad that no further information on
| the subseeteoult be given at present as the
| matter awaits & concession from Veter Beils of

Columbus. From other sourees it is learned
| to-day, however, that in 1002 this combination
will be formed

Main started asa country lad without cap-
ttaland has made a fortune in the show busi-
ness in fifteen years, He began with eight
horses and @ round-top tent. In 1Sv3 his en-
| tire circus train was ditched pear Tyrone, Pa,

and the cars and cages broken open, The
animals roumed the Pennsylvania hills for
several days and terrorized the inhabitants
thereof. Matin says that he sees no fuancial
crash awaiting circuses next season. He will
leave shortly for Paria and will make a tour of
the world before returning to Geneva.

    

CUSTOMER,

Didn't Think a 85 Fine Enough to Pay for

| TATLOR HUGGED A
'

j It so the Magistrate bined Him #10,
i

‘

j

Joseph Freedman, a ladies’ taior of 748
Lexington avenue, was summoned to the
Yorkville police court yesterday on the com-
Plaint of Miss Jennie Wooding of 154 East

} Bixty-second street and Mra, Theodora Wight

} of 1201 Carnegie Hall, who declared that he

| had annoyed them,

| “Iwent thero to pay a dressmaking bill,”

said Mrs. Wight, “and Miss Wooding accom-

panied me, Inthe office the man put his arm
about my friend's neck and suid he felt hon-

ored in having the a-quaintance of one of the |

1400. His famillarity has so disturbed her that
/ she has been nervous sloce, She did not want
to make G somplaint, but 1 thought such vcon-

' duct should pot pass unnoticed, th
6

| “I deny the whole thing,”
| tailor. “Twas most respectful,”
Magistrate Brann anuounced that he be-
Neved the complainants and fined the man $5,
$5 is not enough punishment
sald

declared

“Ifam guilt
lam pot satisied and protest against it,”
the prisoner.

trate.
“I want to appeal toa higher court,
tatisied yet.” responded the tailor,
“T'll make the five 3100 if you don't keep
qniet,” edmogiehed the Magistrate and Freed-
| man subsided,

te

I'm not

 

A ROCKEFELLER STEEL PLANT?

Gives Color to a Recent Report,

CLEVELAND, Ohio, Jan, 24.—The incorpora-
tion at Columbus on Tuesday of the Fairport
ond Youngstown Rallroad was looked on by

| Cleveland iron men as confirmation of the
| report published some weeks ago that a great
' steel plant to compete with the steel trusts Is
| to be built at Fairport, the lake port for

Paineasvilie, by John D, Rookefeller. The rail.
road fa intended to plerce the coal flelds of
the Mahoning Valley and will supply the steal
plant with fuel A special despatch to-night
| from Painesville says:
; “Youngstown fa fifty-five miles from the port

according to the route that the road will take,
; The new company. intends to cut olf

the grades, which have embarrassed the

old jake division branch of the Pittsburg

and Western road since its construction, by

going around all of the hills. Lt is proposed

to take a route toward the east and then come

out mongsite of the Pittsburg and Western

tracks near, West Farmington, From. this
‘point to Youngstown the route will be
comparatively straight) At Fairport ground
has been leased for the construction of the
steel! plant. The residents have been informed
thatthe construction of the piaut is a cere
tainty.

ees of a Short Bailroad Line |

GUGGENHEIMER COULDN'T

Says He's a Gold Man and Really Wouldn't
Take a Place on Bryan's Ticket,

Curcaao, Jan, 24.—Rudolph Guegenheimer,
President of the Council of New York, is at the
Auditorium Annex on his wayto the city of

RUN,

“Well, Ul make it $10 then,” said tho Magia- |

 

 

yy. OUTER * ‘ 1 THREATS BY sOnr'
BRAVE RESCUES ATA FIRE, | | 2UE" nigen

 

WOMEN WERE PENNED IN KY THE

FLAMES AND ONi JUMPED,
Mer Jaw and Arm Broken-—Another In-
haled Fire and Died ta the Hospital

Girl Hanging From a Shutter seized in
the Nick of Time-Pour Persons Carried
Oat by a Fireman Along a Narrow Ledge

A little girlattempted to light agas jet with
a wax taper in the parlor of Mra, Anna Smith's
boarding house at 415 West
street, yesterday afternoon, To reach the Jet
she placed a stool on achairand then climbed
upon tho ediflee she had erected, As she did
80, she lost her balance aud fell, The taper
brushed against one of the portieres ant it
blazed up instantly, The little girl ran seream-
ing from the room, Hv the time that she
reached Mrs, Smith, who was on the second
floor, the flames had apread into the hall and
had communicated with the staircase that led
to the floors above,

About half of the people inthe honse were in
the basementat dinner, The other half were
fressing In their reoms on the four upper
Those on the basement ran outto the
gtreet at the rst alarm, and the others leaned
out of the windows and shouted for help, An
alarm was sent in and Engine 23, which has
quarters in Piflty-eighth street, was ou the spot
within three or four minutes,

By thistime flames were spouting outof the
windows of the first floor, and smoke was

floors,

already coming from the upper win-
dows. The crowd that had gatherncd
in tront of the house shouted to the

firemen that a numberof women were on the
second floor cut off from escape, Driver Daniel
L. Simonson of the tender and Driver Joho J,
Price of the engine ran into the house at 415,
next door, and made their way to the front
room on the second flour. There they found
Martin Keddy, 1% years old, of 425 West bifty-
sixth street, who had preceded them and had
opened the front windows, Reddy was about
tochmbouton the ledge when the firemen
came. He allowed Simousoa to goinstea i.
The smoke was pouring from the windows,
but Simonson crawled along the narrow ledge
until he came to the nearest window of the
burning house, Close to the two windows
were two women, paralyzed by fear, Simon-
son shouted to them to come to him, but they
were too seared to move, When he realized
that, he took hold of the window casing with
his left hand, and with his right arm arouud

the waist of one of the women, pulled her
out alongside him on the ledge and
| worked his way back with her to the window

 

Mexico to see President Diaz. Inapeaking of hia |

boom for the Vice-Presidential nomination on
the Democratic ticket Mr. Guggenholmer sald:

“Thavoe paid no attention whatever to the
matter. I was first mentioned for the nomi-

nation by my friends in Virginia, which is my !

native State, and the suggestion Was immed. |

iately taken up by the New York papers, 1 do
not seo how Teould run on the same tieket with
Bryan if the money issue {s made prominent,
Lan a gold man and will stick to my principles
Bryan seems to be strong in New York, anc
i J. do not know that the rank and file of
Tammany will opp se him. Tammany wil!
stand by the nominee of the party, whoever
heis. Mr. Croker seems to fivor Bryan
' "The New York papers have charged me
with Jeaving the city to avoid meeting Bryan.
That is pot true, Lam merely seeking a much
needed vacation. T think that O. H. P
mont {# the man most likely to be the Viee-
Presidential nominee, His ideas on the money
question do not conflict with thoae of Mr,
ryan, and, in addition, he is an able man,
with large influence.”

sel.

 

 

THE BAN ON ROGER WILLIAMS,

 

Hearing On the Resolve to Kevoke the
Massachusetts Decree of 1635,

Boston, Jan, 24.~—The House Committee on
Judiciary gave o hearing this afternoon ona
resolve to provide for the revocation of the sen-
tence of expulsion passed by the General Court
of Massachusetts Bay in 1095 against Roger
| Willfams. Thehev. T. F. Merriman of Cam bridge
was the main speaker in favor of the resoive,
He said that this Was the third time that the
request had been made to the Geceral Court,
onee by Koger Williame himself and again inst
[oer Last vearthere was not sufficient time
or it, and the resolve had been brougiit to this
beRSION,

Mr, Merriman then sketched briefly
causes which ied to Williams's expulsion, sayin
thar the main objeetion the General Court ba
to him was hia refusal to aceept a call tothe
First Chureh of Boston and because he gave a
reason tor his refusal that he would not proach
forachurch Where the magistrates might mod.
die with the discipline

 

 

$50,000 Special Gift to Chicago University
Drom Mr. Rockefeller,

John D, Rockefeller wilt

give the University of Chicago $50,000 as a re-

eult of the recent acquisition of the Gurley

paleontological collection, The Gurley sp

Cnicaso, Jan, 24

} mens inelinte 700,000 Mississippi Valley
| fossils, The eolleetion was y:lued at $125,005,
and tta gatheroeragrecd to eontrbute $50,000

ofthe sum, the rest being paid by the Un

 

 

   

yersity ‘ir elier hos offered to pay
) SH, the s O00 ne ary to make ut
Ifthe ro quired amount, if the rest i4 raised by
Preside

t Harper

 

This Country.

JACKSONVILLE, Fla. Jan, 24.—The Rev
Father Mulhaney, the “lepor priest” in charge
ofthe Havana Lazaretto, arrived to-night
Cubaand will leave in the morning for New

Havana Leper Priest’ in

 

rou

 

Orleans, Where he Will investigate

plelous eases He has 500 jeper cases tn Hae
vu and thinks the disease is inereasing
j siowly

Golf at ‘The Jefferson,’ Riehmond,

Mr Green, Asst Mur, will be at New York o@
Park place, forfew days to meet parties int

Aue

sted.
Derby Desk Company, 145 Fulton Street.

|. Letter and document Sling, and card indes vabi-
i Lela, Aue,

| and hauled her in.

at4l%, where Price and eddy grabbed her
Then Simonson made his
way back aud rescued the other Woman in the
same way, One of the women rescued had

ray hair, She sald thatshe was Sits, smith,
The other woman Was so scured that she could
not give ber name, and Simonson did not have
time to ask many questions.

“Are there any more in the house?’ was the

| only query he put to the two

“}ots of them’ replied Mrs. Smith with a sob,
“There's more on that same oor.

Simonson started back along tho ledge.
Wheu he reached the windows of the burning
house again be could see the flames coming th
through the doors leaiing into the hails. He
wroped his way through the two frout rooma
caliing out for anybody thereto answer him,
At last he heard a man’s voice calling for help.

“Come to ine,” shouted Simonson,

“T can’t leave this room,” replied the man,
“Come to me, you damned coward,” shout
imonson, thinking that the man was afral

o move, ‘

“Lain’t afraid,” came the reply, “but my wife
ia sick In ved and Lean’t leave ber, You'll find
us in the back room.”

Simonson went there and in the room found
Dr. and Mra, Henry P. Stiles. Mra, Stiles re-
fused to go with Bimonsou unless he touk
aioug @ valuable Irish setter dog that was in
the room, Simonson took Mrs. Stiles in his
arms and the doctor took the dog, and they
groped their way to the front windows, Then
Simonson carried Uret Mrs, Stiles, then the

dog, and then Dr. stiles aloug the narrow
ledge and passed them over to Price and
Keddy. He would have. made still another

trip to the rooms but the flames burst [rom the |

windows and he saw that it would be imnpossi-
ble to enter, .

In the meantime, Firemen Larry McGuire
and George Burns of Truck 21 had put up
ladders to the third floor aud eutered, al-
though the floor and the wood on the sides of
the wails were blazipy. Here they found the
two duyghters of Joho W. Miles, Helen, 20
years vid. anu Natale, 1Y years old, and Miss
Anna Holland, all of whom |ived on that floor,
The wothing of the three women was bucna-
fog. While one fireman devoted — his
atiention to extinguishing the burning cloth,
the other succeeded tn perne out the fire in
the room forthe ime being. The three women
were so badly ([rightened that they were
heipiess and the Mjsaes Miles were curred
downthe jJadder. Miss Natalia Miles’s hair
was burned off and she was badly scorched
about the (ace and body, She Was unconscious
When carried down, She was carried to
Quencer's drugstore at Bifty-seventh street
and Columbus avenue, and @ call Was sent to
Roosevelt Hoopital tor an ambulance, Miss
Helen diiles was also taken there, but she had
not been burned so aeilously although she
was suffering great pain,

r |} auld. Werner of JON West Forty-sighth
street, Wilo Was passing the house, wentiniothe
drugstore and began to work over the uncon-
scious forin of Miss Natalie Miles, To move
more freely he unbutioned his coat and waist-
cout. While he was woking, #ome one stole
his watch and fob which was presented to him
in Europe two years ago and which he valued
at slow

Inthe meantime Miss Holland had become
80 terrifled that she could not wait for the tire-
men tourrive for her, She ran to one ol the
rear windows and jumped to the ground three
flikhts below, She wus picked up unconsel us
fund was taken to hoosevelt Hospital, where it
was found that herjawand her le & arm were
broken and that she was seriously burned
about the beadand arms, She is adressmaker,
and recently came to this eity from Harttord,
Coan.

The Misses Miles were taken to Roosevelt
also, ‘There it was seen that Miss Natale had
inhaled some of the tlames and that there was
buta alight chanee of saving her life. Tho
Burgeons worked over her for several hours,
butabout Ho ciock last night she died of her
injurtes, There is hope that Miss Folland will
recover and the surgeona say that Miss Helen
Miles certainiy will,

Other rescue work was going on while am-
bulances for these women were being called,
Fireman Mulry of Engine 20 had also climbed
tothe third floor by an extension ladder, As

| he was groping through the rooms he heard

the |

cries for help, ond on reaching the back room
he founda young woman banging outside one

of the windows, Her hands were tightly
clasped on au shutter and she was
ewayink to and tro she shouted

to him toburry, as her hold was giving way,
and he grasped her by the wrists Just in the
nick of time and puded her into the room.
Then be earried her to the street down the

   
 

 

; AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

 

bifty-seventh |

i:

ing avast amount of hay and several ranch
!

Rain and warn

eT a

 

 
  
    

SE PIRATES, *

row the Foreigu
ri nion,.

   
  
  
  
  

Jerpa'ch lo Tun BuN
1 ~ Made bold by their re-
[rates are agato attenipting to
uo firme in Canton, They
| 10,000 tucla from the China
Merehani Stoamahip Company and 5,000
taels each from the Reuter-Broekelman Com-
pony and the Deacon Company under threat of
| blowing up thelr off!vos with dynainite
| The Chinese authoritles are consulting with

the foreign consuls regarding the matter, The |

German gunboat Itls has been summoned and
1s now anchored off Shameen,

DR. KELLEY WIL! KILL HIS SNAKES

 

The Johns Mopkines Medteal Lecturer

Wishes to Kun no More Risks,

Bairimonk, Jan, 24.—His experience with a
rattlesnake has ca sed Dr, Howard A, Kelley
of the Johns Hopkins Hospital to decide to do
away with his collection of dangerous reptiles
Dr. Kelley was bitten by @ rattler he was
exhibiting tou clase on Monday. Although he
has suffered no inéonvenience from the b te, the

| doctor has decided that he has had enough of

| had snakes for the present. Tho poisonous
spakes, including several rattlers, copper.
heads and moceasins, will be killed, but the
harmless varieties the doctor will keep,
Belore the snakes are killed, however, Dr
Kelley will have pictures made of them by an
artist.

Dr. Ke!ley attributes his narrow escape trom

{ death by poison to the fact that he drew away

| his band so quickly that the snake did
not bave an opportunity to {njeet a suffl-

| Ses quantity of the venom into it to
harm him. To eaid that he experienced
no pain more than if he had — been
pricked with a good speed needle, He de-
clared thathe did not belleve that whiskey
Was an antidote for snake poison, 48 more per-
60us have Leen Killed from the autidote than
from bites.

SINGER SAID, “YOU ARE VERY RUDE,’
Dorothy Morton Rebukes a Box Party inn
Quebec Theatre.

Quebec, Jan. 24.—Miss Dorothy Morton,
| Prima donna of "The Greek Slave” comic
| opera company of New York, now touring
| Canada, created a sensation fn the last actat

| the Academy of Music last night by rushing to |
| the front of the stage, pointing directly at the |
|

occupants of @ box and calling out, You are
very rude,”
The audience

Was not sure to whom the

actress referred, many supposing that she was |

pointing attwo members of the local Legisla-
ture who occupied one of the boxes, and who,
conse ous that they had none nothing to merit
the rebuke, called on Miss Morton immediately
after the pertorformance to demand an expia-
nation, She declared that she had fo reference
tothem, bul toa woman in another box, who
had caused her considerable annoyance during
the evening ‘The politicians insisted on u
letter to that effect und finally got it

The women who occupied the adjoining
box are leaders of Quebec society, and it is said
that what excited the actress's indignation
was aremark by one of them that her dia-
mounds were paste.

DEPAULTER BACK FROM MOROCCO,

No Extradition There, but Hunter
Out of Money and Homesick,

T. J. Hunter, the defaulting auditor of the
Atlunta and West Point Railroad, who fled to
Europe last fal|, arrived yesterday from Gibral-
tar aboard the steamship Kaiser Wilhelm II, io

charge of Detective John W, Rogers of the Pin-
kerton Agency and W.P. Hill, the railroad
| company's lawyer,
bing the company of $15,000 by aitering the
pay accounts. He came to this gty from At-
lanta aod unger @h assumed name too
| passage aboard a iiner that jianded him at
ucenstown, Detective Rowers, acting aa at
agent of the State Department, traced Hunter
throngh ireland to Tangier, Muroveo, with
which the United States has no_ extradition
treaty. Hunter waa heid by the Morocco au-
| thorities at the request of the detective
was out of mnovey and homesick he permitted
imse!! to be persuade! to return to America,
Je will be taken to Atlanta for trial,

 

Was

$100,000 GIFI

TO EACH CHILD,

Ellwood’s Christmas Presents to His
Five Children, All of Them Minors,

Cutcaco, Jan. 24.—Col. Isane Ellwood, the
fron and steel trast magnate. who {4 sald to be

| a candidate for the United States Senatorship
to succeed Shelby M, Cullom, presented on
} Chris'mas morning toeach of his five cufldren
fa eheck for 3100Q,000, ‘ben, thinking thatit
was & holiday and that the cheeks could not be

| cashed, he gave each of them five $10 gold
|
'
|
|
|

pieces, Lhe matter came 0 light to-day
through aclerk. Mr, Ellwood refused to ex.
plain why he had divided sueh @ large sum of
money among his children, all of whom are
} minora and some of whom are very young.

MIDWINIER PRAIRIE FPIRE,

Unprecedented Occurrence in’ Montana
—several Ranch Bulldings Burned,

|

|

|

!

|

|

Hreiena, Mon,, Jan. 24.—Something un-
procvedented in Montana, @ prairte fre in mid-

winter, {9 raging in Teton county in the

northern part of the State,

| and constant winds have dried and parched
the prairie grass, rendering It very com-
) bustible,

Sparks fromaranch chimney set fire to the
prairte near Clark Lrothers’ extensive sheep
ranch aud the flames spread rapidly, Atlas,
reports astretch of land five miles long sud

| two miles wide had been burned over, inelud-

buildings.

 

SKELETONS DUG UP AT NAVY YARD,

Thought to Be Bones of Revolutionary
soldiers Who Died in a Prison Ship.

The bones of two skeletons were unearthed
at the Navy Yard in Brooklyn yesterday by
laborers who were excavating acellar for the
No. 33, near the Comman-
Capt, Wildes and Rear Admira

Philip were notified and they ordered the

bones to be placed ina box, What disposition

will be made ot them, Capt, Wildes hus not yet

determined, He sufd last night the suggestion

had been made that the skeletons were prob.

ably those of patriotic soldiers, who lost their
| lives while) invareerated In @ prison ship
! atarioned in Waliabout Bay during the Revolu-
| tion

extension building,
dant's office,

DISARMED EVERY Main IN TOWN,

 

 

Texans Rangers Keep the Peace in a Murder
Trial With 1,240 Witnesses,

| Austin, Tex, Jan, 24.—The untiring vigil-
lance of the large foree of Rangers at Bastrop
| prevented another outbrenk of the Colora lo
}eounty feud ¢ ay Nearly two thousand

ladder. She said she was Miss Florence Frost,
andthat she lived in the Windermere apart.
ment house across the street She had i n
paying ‘Nab Visit to the Misses Miles, she |
expoatned, and ranto the window and hung
ouside from the shutter to escape being Stilo.
cated by the smoke

haward Corr gan, who lives on the top floor
was (he only person on that floor atthe tine of
the fire. He bat presence of mind enough to
run tothe roof abd escape into the next house,

jrrook the Aremen fully two bours to put the
fire out Mrs. Smith places her loss at $7,000,

 

white the losses to th wrders in the house

   

 

  
    

yat irom $100 to $5,000 enc! John Quina,
wi Pou the top thoor fthat his library,
which o@ valued at 22.500, had beer almost
entirely ruined by water ihe damage to the
how | “dat $5.00 The loss is larg

cu VUPAnGE,

i Wis a fourennden-hal! story and
busement brownstone front ulbing, owned
t iS TL. Macy and leased by Mrs South

\ r floor lived Mrs, bod. Lord, t
lanieen Misa th } ro and Mr
jir, (Mrs. Henry Li. Stiles and Me
1), Price ved on the see ond floor, Ou th !
ive) Joh W. Miles of the Meriden t
fan a Company of Linon Square, tis ‘
‘ whters and hisson Mussell, Mr. Ant Metz
Miss Agna Holland. The top floor w
tenaunted by afr Corrigan, Miss Vda omith
ghterof Mrs, Smith, and Jonn (guint

Vridegroom 70,) Bride CO,

 

PUILADE! Pita, Jan, 24.—John Hon M
| aged 70 years, and Marguertte Bekar weed
OO. Were tintted in marriage to-davatthe |
of the badegroom The His ¢ .
widow for twenty years an t wron
has been a witower for two years, Ile is a

bricklayer aod still works at his trade

Derby Desk Company, 145 Fulton Street.

on Suitable for all purposes at not high prices
=—Adp

feu tista are tn the littl town toattendthe iri t
of the men charged with the killing of Thurber
bord, There are 1,240 witnesses in tha ease,
Phe Bangers have disarmed every manin the
town

Prof, Bod. Phelps Sertousty PH,

 

New [fay J no. Jan, 24.—Prof. Edward
Poolps whowas United States Minister to
Pog and under the test Cleveland Administra
t fidnot ine t his classes in the Yale I
hoolon Friday last, but it.was thought thar
h ness was oul¥ slight. It was found it
he Was saffering from pueumonia, His con li-
t Is serious thoush not neeessarily danwer-
dsthere areas yel no apparent uy i-
t Hthe disease

| Volnntary 19 Per Cent. Advance in Wages,

 

fARON, Ia., Jan, 24.—Notloes werd posted
to-day at the Sharoa, Now Castle and Younis.
town works of the National Steal Company
of a 1) per cent. voluntary advanee in wages
where of vomore toereases have not alr !
been made during the Past year, Theateare
Hares back to dan, Land benefits several thous

and men
Dinest Trains and Shortest Line to Chicago

anil St. Lo via Pennsylvania Railroad, the
ard Railroad of America, Ade

 

Stand:

Derby Desk Company, i456 Fulton Street.

Book cases, leather upholstered iwods and chairs,
mAdv,

—

Hunter is accused of robe |

As he |

A_lack of snow |

to-day; easterly gales;
fair MMi colder Friday.
7

se ——
PRICE TWO) CENTS,

LSD
DEMOCRATS ADOPT A POLICY

CATCUS OF
OU

SENATORS 4G RFR AS TO

NEW POSSESSIONS,

| They Accopt Puerto Kieo and linwall ae

j Americonn Pavor the Km
tension of All Our Laws Over It

Territory and
Adinine

istration Opposed.

Vhilippine Polley

WASHINGTON, Jan, 24.-'The Democratio Sene
rs to-day beld their first caucus sinee the

| Administration's policy with respect to the
how has been at least pare
tially detlued, and agreed upon a line of cone
certed action with respect to that policy whea
{t shah come before the Nenate in the shape of
Proposed legis ation, As a rule the line ef
action agreed upon at this caucus 14 one of ope
position, In one thing only does there ap
pear to have been an agreement with the
poicy of the Vresident, and that {a ta
regard to his proposition tor free trade betweem
the United States and Puerto Kico. This, of

| course, is because such free interchange of
trate between Puerto Rico and the United
States is in the dire tion of free muarketa,
which ig the fundamental prineiple of the
Democratic party, If the Democratic Senators
could extend this policy to Cuba aud the Phile
ippines they would gladly do so, but the futility
of such an effort is apparent even to them,
In to-day’s caucus thore waa a free intere
change of views, and by common consents
programme was agreed upon, although no moe

} at

POssUsslOnsS

tion of any kind was put and no regoe
utions offered, The Democrats accepted
Puerto Rico and Hawaii as United
States territory without questions
ing that fact. The one came by aunexae
tion, to which the Senute was a party
While the other became the \territory o

this Government through the cession by Spata
of her sovercignty, A fine — distinctiog
is drawn between Puerto Rico andthe Philip.

°

pines by the Democrats, They agree
accept the one, but reject the other. Havin
aceepted Puerto: ico under the treaty an

Spain having cede! hersovereignty, the Demoe

erats hold thar all the laws of the United

States become operative there and in Hawali,

too, and for that reason they will favor the exe

tension of our tariff awe to both islands apd
the abolishment of all duties as between these
islands und the United States, Here, howe
aver, thelr agreement with the Administra-
} tion ceases
They decided to oppose overything that look
to & continuance of the military governmen
established ty this Government in Cuba, and
to insist Upon the speedy redemption of the
pledge to establish an independent and stable
government in that island,

Bo far as the Philippines are concerned the
Democrats agreed to oppose every proposition
advanced by the Administration. Tha Bacon
resolution, said one of the Senators who attends
ed the caucus, represented the views of the
Democrats. “We favor the suppression of
the insurrection,” sald this Senator, “but we
believe it would speedily stop if tha Demo-
| cratic idea were followed, If we declare it to
be our intention not to hold tho islands permas
) nently, but to establish an independent
republic under the protectorate of the
| United States, the revolution will at onee end,
That is what we contended for, and the Demo.
crete, will be eontent with nothing short of
| that.

It was also agreed that a free coinage substle
tute should be offered for the Republican
currency measure now bending in the Benate,
This, of course, will get every Democratic vote
except those of Lindsay of Kentucky and
Caffery of Lovsiana, The contested election
cases now pending ip the Senate were not, it is
suid, discussed

 

 

OLYMPIA'S PET Pi@ IN COURT,
Dispute in Boston as to the Ownership
| the Cruiser’s Porker,
| Boston, Jan, 24.—"Sagasta,” the pet pig of
dmiral Dewey's crew and the mascot of the
} flagship Olympia, figured in a Muntoipal Court
| ease here to-day, Olaf Olsen, formerly boats.
| wain ofthe Olympia, brought the pig home
| from Cavite with him and when the Olymple
went out of commission here turned the pig
over to Arthur Olsen, a boarding-house keeper
| inthe northend, to look after, He then are
} ranged to exhibit the ple for #25 a week, but
| was ordered to Portsmouth, N. H., before the
| pig Was sent to the store
During Olats absence the negotiations were
; completed and Arthur Olsen golieeted the pay
fortwo weeks. The store proprietors learning
th ttue paw didnot be ong tothe boarding-house
keeper refused tomake turther payments to
him for fear that real owner might make
claim for the money, Arthur O.sen. says thet
Olaf gave the pig to him outright, but this is
denied by Olaf. ‘dhe cause isin court to deters
inive the ownership

 

 

  

 

 

FIRE COST CAPT, TOBIN HIS LIFE
| Pneumonia Yollowed the Suffocation He

} Lnaderwent in Vilty-ninth street,

Cart. Ddward Tobin of Engine 23, who was
injured in the back by a fall and overcome by
omoke at a tire two weeks agoat 410 West
| Fif'y-ninth street, died in Roosevelt Hospital
| last night. A few days after the fre pneu.
monia developed, which was the Immeltate
cause of death, He had been in the Fire De-
partment foralong time and for several years
was in command at Fire Hea iquarters at East
bixty-seventh street, Atth rein Fifty-nintn
street he led his men repeatedly into an futole
erabie sii caused by a conflaed Ure between

@ pitehpine floor and a wooden eelling. Vinal)
1 and hurt his back,

|
}

  

he fe The ‘aneral will
take place from his homa, 126 Wost sixty-flrst
| street, but the tlme had not been fixed last

evening, He leaves u widow and seven sons,

FIRE SWEKVS TWO MINING TOWNS,

 

Not a Business Block Left in Ward, Cole
75 Vainiles Homeless io Lafayette,

BounpEr, ¢ Jan 24—Fire started this
morning in the town of Ward and not a bustle
ness house ta left standing. The wind was
biowing 4 gale nud an inadequate water sup-
ply left the town at the morey of the flames
The loss is from $75,000 to $100,000. Ward was
located fn 1870, It is surrounded by low grade
gold mines

At Latayette, a coal mining town, also ia
Boulder county, seventy-five families are homee
Jess to-night, Alwost every house in the town

yas destroyed by tire to-day, The loss is about

100,000, and fails prineipaily on the Northera
Coal Company, Exactly ten vears ago to-day
Latayetto was visited by u destructive cyclone.

POR A, COMSTOCK?

Report Abroad That He Is to Be Chief of
Pollee of sunlit.

Summir, N.J., Jan, 24.--The a
amenimenttothe pollee or

NEW OFFICE

 

loption of an
linance giving the

 

 

Vohice Committes of the Common Counel the
power to appoint a Chie! ry to serve
without compe ithe | ed to the report
i that Anthony Comstock is to have the piace,
This report sballilaw breakers in this
Vicinity t r. Mr. Corostock ia @
resident stich is eligible to
the ollice
Moonshiner shot Dead,

Tours’ . Ky., Int 4+ -Worl has juet
reached bore from Hin dmon, Ky, up inthe
mountains, that a@ faht ‘We United
States Inarsanie iid moonshiners took

| plac bear the milige { Breathitt
eounty ou Monlay, while a raid was baing
m on @ i The Deput votorol the

i jf th district and a Deputy i! ailed by

| four anorabdedalarwe s Thiers suntere |
t men Who showed ht jo, euder
ofthe moonushiners, was shot and killed by
iH

Deer Captured in Portamouth, N, A,

 

] rsmovuTH, N. EL, Jan, 24.-—Shortly before
1 ‘Nock this morni a full-grown deer was
secon running through a thickly settled part
of the city It came to the Boston
end Maine Railroad «tation, paused a
momentartthe door and! then dashed through
an ioutupon Bridge street. A srowd of boys
aud tnen guve chase, but the auimal wae too

fect for them, and if it had not been fora setter
dow that worrled his heels, he might have
ipod. biually, after along run, th » deer was
headed into a yard surrounded by @ plokes
fence ant was captured alive. Ae was wet ead
tired and giust have run along distance,
ee eeeneeineeperag

Derby Desk Company, 145 Faiton ttree&

Fxpansion book onses aad eattnets oni ft aystem,
~—Ady {

 

me =

Se