i ——

 
  

CONSTITUTIONAL AS-
Tie ROBIRIS CUSh,

LKGAL AND
pPReeTgs

wis and Mier of
of Town Sustain
Landia Bitterly
ra the
of the |

 
 
 
 

 

mtittee’s
ynees the Vormon Chureh

 

 

auch

| Laughter

   

THE POWER TO EXCLUDE, | $38 or Oe aoe Aieate wont we induend. Ye

those men could bave foreseen
a qethod of procedure, then “we've
falsely paid tribute to their sense and abliity ~
It such & course were adopted, he
honld pot be surprised to find ‘that the statue
of Jolin Marshall bud fled fron ite pe testaland
gone sbrie iow up Penosylvania avenue, “Oh!
Maine and Missour, has titeometo this inter.
pretation? Shouts of langht The propos
attion of the gentleman from Maine is notonly
au burlesque on law and precedent, but un oufte
We ought

believe that

  

 
 

 

  

  
 

state of Ulnh foe Their Vielatio Fuge on common Kense, [Applause

Pledge Made Prior to Vetissten. | fo stop bimat y mnder door. Shall we turn tin

‘ " Yack alone? No, turn Utah baek with Rin;

Wasiisaros, dan. <The absence of Mr. \ he's but an ineident here Turn back the

Roberta from the House to-day seemed to) people who, in January, Si solemnly lied te
ar y + gwenernl interest in the the greatest vation on earth, Applatioe

detract from "he wenen itepres i‘ \« TO eee ee a et ae eaten d thon infos

case javolving I@s right tom seat Although } ing hin out, because T don't want to make a

the galleries, pu Slice and reserve lleariyin the | speetacl fiyveel protest, because luont

’ ” “iu vee ¢ . "

day were conntortatiy wel a Me none | giogye ne atmo Ov it Lua

of ccenoaats later perceptibly dwindled, The | "Phat imay do for the law offices of Maine, butit

dixcussion to-day was mostly continat to the | won tdo for the lowing cain pe,

lega! and constitutional aspects of the case,
the notat#e exception being the speceh of Mr,
Landis of Indiana, which attracted the most |
generalattention of the cession, a lsecured
an unusual-ovation at the close, Hedenounced |
the Mormon Church and the people of Utah
for their viekition of the pledge mnvwle prior to
admission tombandon the praetice of polyzamy
and unlawtul cohabitation, and to rebuke then
wanted the House to send Roberts bacl

Other speakers in) support of the jority
resolutions were Messrs Powers of Vermont,
Miers of Indiana, McPherson ot Towa and
Crampacker af Indiana, the latter upon the
understanding that it required a two-third
vote to pass theans and those who favored the
minority views were Messrs sno tiriss of
Tennessee and Wilson of Idaho. Mr Lacey of
Jowa favored thevmajority resolutions if they
were amended so as to provide ‘or expelling
Roberts.

Mr, Powers (Rep. Vt.), was the first speaker,
He sald that the onky question at issue was
which of the two formaot procedurc exclusion
or expulsion, should be followed upon an
agreed state of facts, The gentdeman from
Maine (Mr, Littlefield) it seered.in his very
able argument yesterday, ran Uupragcainst the
very precedent he had invoked, that expulsion
from the House could not be exercised except
forcausy committed before election. Polygamy,
Mr. Powers continued, was 4 continuing
offense, and he should fosist upon thag fact, but
the initial stage of the offence whieh mada |
Roberts amenable to puboe justice was come.
mitted long before the election, The House in
this instance was sitting as a judge. In that
capacity its power was plenary, The Constle
tution nowhere limited ffs action in time or
manner; the House could as well determine
against the admission of @ member as to expel
him later.

Mr. Powers discussed at some length the
legal aspects of polygamy, contending that the
prohibition in the organio act of Ulah was
against the institution of polygamy and the
status assumed by those who practise it, and |
pot merely against bigamous marriages. Tt |
was true, in the strict and legal sense used by
Mr. Littlefield yesterday, that there was no
compact or contract between the United Staies
andaState, But there was such a thing asthe |
observance of good faith in the keeping of |
promises male. And it was to rebuke the |
people of Utah for failure to keep the prow |
{ses that had been made by them that it was |

}
|
|
|
|
\
|
|
|

   

 

 

 

right to keep Roberts out of his seat, The
House had to determine the question, whether
or not Roberts should he exeluded or per-
mitted to take his seat, when the House would
have no power to expel,

Mr. Roberts had complained that the crusade
against polygamy would result in the deatruc-
tion of families and the forcible separation of
huaband and wile, “I deny it,” said Mr
Powers, “Polygamy has never been Jegal in
Utah. Even before it was a Territory the com-
mon law of England which prevailed there
made polygamous marriages a crime, It has |
never been legalized in America, and the
charge that famules are to be destroyed and
husbands and wives separated has no founda.
tion, for no legal family and po lewal marriage
relation could be established by plural marri-
ages. And Mr. Roberta knew tne jaw; he can-
not come here and plead the baby act, for he
and all who voted for hin knew the effects of
their acts,” ;

Mr. Roberts had asserted that by exeludin
him from the Honse a dangerous attack wou)
be made upon the bulwarks of the Constitu-
tion. “Thissermon,” said Mr. Powers, “would
have had more force had it been preached by
ope who was not himself engaged in an effort
to break down thease bulwarks. Agthe old Ship
of State sails over these troubled waters, the
timbers may creak aud the cordage suap, but I
am sure she will never founder tn the mirey
watersof Salt Lake, (Laughter), Onething the

yeople and Congress are determined upon, |

hata relic of barbarism which has come down

from long avo shall no longer be. permitted to
vex us. Wesay to the peonle of Utah, ‘take
back yourrepresentative ;and if you willsend us
aman who isin aceord with the spirit and letter
of the Constitution, he «hall have his seat,’’

Mr. Snodgrass (Dem, Tenn,) read an argue
ment in favor of admitting Roberts to a seat,
whose prima facie right thereto was as good as
that of any member on the floor, He sup-
ported the minority and announeed his readi-
ness to vote for expulsion because Noberts was

8 poly ainist,
- Landis (Rep. Ind), a member of the
Bpecial Committee, supported the majority
report. The case, he said, presented three
Questions: First, Is Brigham H, Roberts @ po-
lygamist? Second, If he isa polygamist, is he
gititied to a seaton the floor of this House?
hird, If he is not so entitied, how shall we
roceed so as to partcompany with him? The
ret question has been unanimously answered
by the committee in the affirmative. The
second question, Mr Landis said, he would
answer in the negative, forthe reason that the
election of Roberts violated othe condition
precedent upon which was predicated the act
of admission of Utah, The gentleman from
Maine (Littiefleld) might call that whatever be
pleased, but the fact was that the cond!tion
existed, and that without it the territory would

not have been admitte! to the Union, That
condition. was that. polygamy. had beer
abandoned by the Mormon Chureh as a@
matter of faith or practice and that

slygamous marriages sud unlawful co-
Rabitation should cease. That pledge hal
been made by their people and their faith

prlgnted by their representatives to its main-
enance, Mr, Landis referred t8 the speceh of
Delegate Rawlins (nowa Senator from Utah)
upon which Congress bad passed the enabling
act, and compared the statements therein with
some recently made by hin in a communica-
tion to the press. He there stated that the
President of the United States, by appointing
polygamous residents of Utah to offiee as post-
masters, was endeavoring to cram polygamy
down the throats of the peonla. Noone would
believe, Mr. Landis said, that the President of
the United States would knowingly appoint a
polygamist to offiee, Dut ff the charge
against him was true, Congress was
equally guilty oof cramming — polygainy
down the = throats ot the people
At the last session of Congress, he saila
bill had heen passed appropriating B40,000 to
the Agricultura: College at Lowan, Utah, Upon
his honor as a Representative Mr Landia
charged that the President of that college was
living In polygamy with three wives, a protoss
sor in polygamy with two wives oodthe mane
aging trustee with seven Wives, who have pre-
sented him with thirty-nine chi tren. but the
President was innocent and Cougr oss was in-
pocent, “because they had pur faith inthe
promise of these pious covenant Preakers”
that the faith and practice of polygamy should
cease

Mr. Landis real the petition for amnesty
signed by the fifteen aposties and leaders of
the Mormon Church, in which they pledged the
faith and honor of the church to the abandons
ment of polygamy and polygamous practices

 

 

 

 

 

Of these three, two of whoni were over 80
years of age, bad kewi their pootges: ofthe
other twelve eleven had been goity ontin
uous Violation of the pledae nithe other one,
George QQ. Cannon, morally guilty. Mr. Landi

proceeded to give in great detatl the history of

  

the polygamous relations or these claven apos-
thes, some of his comments evoking applitse
and some blushes. |
“The gentleman Roberts ma! sneering
reference, in a signed statement sent through. |
out the country, te aretined and educated and |
wealthy woman whe has oreunized this moves |
mentand made it a force He sail she had
better give herattentiont esinand wieked-
ness in New York city, She ise her at.

ew Yor

tention to the sin and wickedness i
city, but she knows how futile thats |

this same vice flourished out in those new
States, sanctioned by the Chur lendorsed |

 

by the Congress of the United stiutes

woman of business instinet Her fleid
te limitieas, Thank trod her resourees appear
to be practically inexhaustible, When a fore |
eign foe threatened this nation her treasury
became a shield of the Nenublic, Wren boys
fell from disease or in batt her millions |
wept. And who knows but to-day the sane

 

name that was spoken so reverentiy al san.
tiago and Montauk Point by Ameriern soldiers
is leped in reverence out there Utah by
those women, doomed by brutal bigots ti the
belief that their celestial exaltation wi 1
proportion as they minstere! te the pollen

 

 

 

and lustful potions of a corrupt priesthoo!
Thank God for Helen Gould A ppluuse
Mr. Land{a commented humorous 5

npow ty
proposition of the minority, that k »yberts
should be first admitted and then thrown out. ,
“T suppose that is upon the prineiple that we |
always give a inan a aquare meal before hang: |
}

ne im.” _[Laughter. He complimented

{r. Littlefleld upon the «agility with

whie he ot around the idea of

expulsion and the ability with which he had

arrayed framers of the Constitution in |
a % ware Ri ah

| the

She ina | «

} | protest agalost this inan’s admission in |
| behaltof a constituency that has read the Ten |
Commandments, and who telieve inthe pres |

protest in behalf of

has been

sthere laid down, I
American home, whieh

protest in the name of the American mother
int ebild, and of the Amertean father, who will
never consent tothe enthronement and deifeas
tion of human passion
ofthe (ilegitimates, who are branded with the
most pitiless of all pittless brands which the
lieentious puta upou helplessness. [protest in
the name of honest Mormons, who believe in
keeping inviolate the terms of that instrument
upon which Utah was admitted

“Phe country is walting forthe action of the
House, and they want te see it taken in a
atraightiine. Homes tn New Pogiand, which
have been the pattern of all homes in the land,
are walting: homes inthe far Western States,
whieh have been invaded by the plight of this

dugue: homes in the south, where honor ts
aw, gallantry the rate and virtue the crown
and jewel of womanhood=homes ail over the
lon Pare waiting pow for Ameri¢an chivalry to
speak.’

Mr. Landis closed amid a whirlwind of ap-
plause from members on the floor and oven
pants of the galleries, Which rose ang swelled
again aftera bro! period of repose,
unusual tribate ton member even in the emoe
tional and hysterical House,

Mr. Lacey (Rep, lowa), who wants the mas
jority resolution amen edso as to provide for
Koberts's expulsion, male an argument tn
support of his amendment, to the effect that
Roberts was a member of the House and that
the onlyway of reaching him was by expulsion,
Roberts ought to be expe led, he said, but he
could not be kept out because of his practice of
polygamy, that offence not having been made
a cause of inelugibility by the Constitution,

Mr. Miers (Dom,, Ind.) & member of the
Speetal Committee, said that as @ strict con.
s'ructionist of the Constitution he believed
the House had the powert exclude the gentle-
man from Utah and not administer to him the
oath of office; that it was a legal, constitu.
tional and orderly proceedure to meet h.m at
the door and exelude hia from the House He
was free to confess, however, that to enter
ppon a diseussion of the difference 4 stween
excluding him and expe!ling bir was like dis-
eus- ng the difference between tweediedee and
tweedle dam, (Laughter,| He eoull not agree
with the gentlemen trom Maine and Missouri,
the minority of the committee, that the found.
ers of the Constitution ever contemplated the
necessity of the House doing the uonecessary
thing which they said the House must do in
thiscase. Neither could he agree with bis cole
league (Landis) in his narration of the facts,
and join him in denouncing the State of Utah
is disioyal to the anti-polygainy statute The
evidence before the committes, he sald, led
him to aceept as true the assertion that, ao tar
as the State was concerned, polygamy had Leen
abandoned and was a thing of the past. Te
discussed the questionof the power of Cons
ress to add to or modify the requirements of
eligibility to membership contained in the
Constitution, contending that it could do so,
It was never the intention ofthe tramers of
the Constitution to make that document an
instrument to work the destruction of the Kee
public and yet there were cireumatances: cons
ceivable (n which the literal, restricted use of
ifs language would bring that about, The eon-
stitutiona’ provision makirg@ the House the sola
judwe ofthe elaction and quaiifieations of its
ineui bers, he said, was certainly not inteaded
to he limited to a determination of the facts
of citizenship, age and reaidence, Under that
authority it was the bownden, the patriotic
duty of Representatives to investigate the
qualifications of members

Mr. McPherson Rep., lown), another member
of he Speeisl Committee, supported the ma-
jority report.

Mr. Crumpacker (Rep., Ind.) opposed. the
seating of Roberts forthe receon that his char-
acter was such as to be ashame anda disgrace
for the House to receive him, and that he was
a propagandist of a social order that was at
war with etvilization, Regarding the proposi-
tion that the power of exclusion eould or
should be used to coerce @ State, Mr Crum-
packer eaid that if it wera once conceded, then
the very thing against which the framers of
the Constitution sought to safeguard the
emaller States of the Union would hava been
accomplished, Exelusion, as proposed by the
majority, in his opinion, was expulsion by re-
striction, and should command @ two-thirds
vote

A member Inquired if ft would require a twos
thirds vote to pass the majority resolution

mr. Crampacker—I | were in that chair it
would,

Mr. Wilson of Idaho, in whose State 30,000
Mormons resite, supported the minority re-
port, in the belief that the House had no power
toudd tothe requirements of eligibility fixed
by the constitution, He recited the recent
history of the Mormon Church and asserted
that the manifesto of 18) absolving the mem-
bers of the church from the duty of practising
polygamy was issued in good faith and had
een lived upto, Nota plural marriage, he as-
serted, bal been entered into sinee tt was is-
sued, Coneluding, he eulogized the Mormon
Church as being equalto anyother In virtue,
and had read the manifesto of President Snow
of the Sth inst.

The House at 6:15 adjourned until 11 o'clock
to-morrow.

 

 

 

PRESIDENT CONGRATULATED,

Delegates to the National Board of Trade
Call at the White House,

WaAsntneton, Jan. 24.— The delegates in
attendance at the annual meeting of the Na-
tional Board of Trade called on President
NeKinley to-day to pay their respects. Gov,
Stanard, apeaking informally on behalf of tho
board, ¢eongratulated the President on the
prosperity of the country and the suecess of
the Adminiatration, In replying, the President
sald:

“Tcannot coneeal the pleasure it gives me
and the honor T feel in this call on the part of
the National Board of Trade, representing
as it doos great and varied and important
interests of ourcountry., I rejoice with you
all in our universal prosperity, and I trust
that that prosperity may be long cone
tinued to the Ameriean people. Its cope
tinuance wil! very much depend upon tho
wisdom and conservatism of the business
men of the United States. Wo shall rely upon
them to help us solve the great and momentous
problems to which your chairman has referred,

in the hope (hat their settlement may not only
betothe highest interests of the American
people, but highest good of those who by the
fortunes of war have come with our jurisdic.
tionandeare, Ithank youand bid you good
morning.’

Resolutions were adopted by the board to-
day favoring the establishment of an executive
department of commerce and industries; a
untform reduction of 25 per cent, in the prese
ent rate paid for transporting mails on rail-

THE

 

roads: the establishment of one-cent letter
postage; the creation of inexpensive domestic
‘ela post: favorable action by Congress on

re
the Hanna-Payne subsidy bill; the abolition of
the revenue tax on epot transactions in grain
and other farm products

Toemorrow’'s sessions will be devoted to pro-
revisions of the Interstate Conimmerce

  

PRESIDENT MAY Waist Wis CITY,

Invited to Attend the Feumenical Conter-
of Foreign Missions.
Wasntnaton, Jan, 24.-A committea cone
sisting of Mr. Morris K. Jesup and Col, John J
MeCook of New York, the Hon. John W, Foss
ter, Bi p l

 

  

Henry ¥, Satterlee, Bishop John LP,
Hurst andthe Hon, J. 1. M. Curry of Washing.
. the Rev. Dy. Arthur J, Drown and Mr, W

 

 

 

Henry Grant New York ealled on President
NeKinley at the White Hous» yesterday to ax-
tend to him the cordial invitation of the Leu.
rmenieal Conference on Foreign Missions to ate

tend one ot the sions of that ¢

 

Niferenoe, to

 

 

be held in York city the latter part of
Apri
Tho President received the committee most
wdfally, made a number of inquries about
the comberenee, lndicating that be had alrendy
| given it his attention, and expressed his hearty

ympathy with its While unable at

  

      

his time to make Ise, he sata
that he would tak rmost care
jul advisement h tree feel that
there is litte dombs
Lieut. Wing Dies in Mantia,
WaaHINaron, dar tlie Otis ad the
War Department 'o-day reporting the death of
Second Lieut. Fuaene ¢ Wing, Thirty-sixth
La‘antry,at Manila, on January 24 hemore
rhage, Lieut owas born in Jacks AT ites
on bebruary 1h. Isso. ne! spoointeda nd
Lie nanton January o, be {le w je
oimted fre Vib Oe nd satled in Septeme
bar for Manila
Stops the Cough

and works off the Cold,

Laxative Bromo Quinine Table trea cold ta one
day. No Vure, Nupay, Price 450, —-ide.

 

iA Ni a alll ae aa

inside |
| beautiful alone by the virtue of womanhood, I

T protest in the nome |

twasan |

MONTAGU WHITE'S MISSION.|

 

'

r o

suggested, that the case is different from that
of the recognition of the independence of
Texas through the reception of a Minister of
that republic by the President of the United

 
 

 

GENT OILL NOT SEEK

RECOGNITION,

BOER
OREACTAT

TH’

He Realizes That He Can Do More for the
hoer Cause as un Private Citizen=This
Government Would Have Reeognized
iw Had He Offered Proper Credentials,

Wasntnatos, Jan, 24.—There is reason to
believe that Montagu White, former agent of

 

the Pranevaalia Lon-ton, has no intention of
seeking oMleial recognition from the United
states, and that during his stay in Washington
and the United States he willappearina
private capacity Mr. White is a trained
Qiplomat, who apparently realizes that
he oan do more for the Boor cause

jn the United States by maintaining bis pri-
vate status than he can by obtaining recog.
nition as the fseal representative of the South
African Republie. As a dipomatie agent or
consus he would be hemmed in by restrictions
whoh would prevent him from exercising bis
present right to further the efforts of the Boer
sympathizers in the country, to assist the
Transvaal foonclally and otherwise, To seek
to raise money for the Boor cause or influence
action in Congress looking to an exten-
sion of sympathy to his country {nits
struggle with Great Britain would subject Mr.
White as an oMetal representative of the
Transvaal, to the vamo treatment that was
aceorded Lorin M. Thurston, Minister of the
Repablic of Hawaii in Washington, in the
Cleveland administration, Mr, Thurston's
active efforts in Congress and through the
pressto bring about a reversal of President
Cleveland's policy in regard to Hawaii caused
the administration to demand Mr, Thurston's
recall

However much the present Administration
might sympathize with the Boers in their
strogzle, it would not tolerate the active
efforts olan offi‘alsgent of the Transvaal to
furtier his countrys canse in Congress or
through relatious with Amertean citizens, Mr,
White understands this thorough'y and it
may be accepted as true that he appre-
clates the advantage he now has as @& Drivate
citizen of the South African Reputlic, tempos
rartly residing in Ameriva, and does not desire
tochaume his status Unquestionably he is
here with the knowledge aud consent, If not
under explicit instructions, of the Government
at Pretoria, These statements are based on
trustworthy information and not on specula-
tion

While the Administration officials concerned
continue to assert that the question of whether
Mr. White or any other citizen ot the Transvaal
would be ived in a dipomatie capacity
cannot be ernfined ontil (ue iasue ts raised
by the appearance in Washington of a Boor re-
Dresentative properly acere tited, it Is tale to
suppose Thal the course of the Government in
such an cvent has not been considered an
reporation made to meet such a contingency,
n fact.it “Mr, White had announced to the
Secretary of State during their interview yess
ter/ay tha’ he bore a letter from President
Kriger accrediting him as the diplomatia
Agentof the South African Kepublie to the
United States, ‘Ir. Hay would have t
able t inform him without
what section the Government would ta
the matter Any properly — aceredited
Tronsvaal citizen, personally and. officially
fuiflling the requirements of the United
Sta'es, will bo roeeived by the Government. It
would no! be necessary to secure the consent
of Great Britain to his reception. Great Britain
has never denied the ruacht of the Transvaal to
cond diplomatic representatives abroad, and
the reception of Mr. White in a diplomatic
eapae ty would. not be a recognition of the
ind pendence of the South Afriean Republic or
adenialof British suzerainty over the Trans-
vaal's foreign relations. 3

According to the official un lerstandin
the suzerainty of Great Uritain over the for
clign afairs ofthe Transvaal extends only to
the making of treaties. Should an accredited
diplomatic representative of the Transvaal,
after being received oMeially by the Federal
authorities here, negotiate a treaty with the
United States in behalf of his country, that
treaty would not become binding onthe United
Stares uutilapproveld by the Britiah Govern
ment, s« this Government were willing to
offend Great Britain by recognizing the inde-
pendence of the. Boers,  Such_ recognition
would be accorded bya failure of the Unired
Statesto make the ratification of the treaty
coutingent on British approval, Of course
Great Britain would not sanction any agrees
nent between the South African Republic and
a foreign nation while the war ison, and it te
regarded here as certain that the Transvaal
will pot seek to raise an Issue in the matter.

The understanding of the American position
narrated above, while not in aceerd with some
offi al interpretations previously given of the
atrtude in which the Government would be
placed if'a Transvaal citizen came to Wash-
ington with letters accrediting him & diplo-
matic eapactty, Was arrive! at. itis asserted,
aftera more careful consideratiog of the mat-
ter, with particular regard to the seope of
British suzerainty over the Transvaal. It is
held by those who have looked into tho ques-
tion carefully with a view to determining the

the Government in the contingency

   

   
 

hes!

 

 

here

 

  

States

There is good ground for the statement
that the Transvaal Government does not want
to bring any embarrassing issue before the
Washington Administration, and that its pres.
ent purpose {sto make it appear tothe world
that the Government as well as the people
with tha
expected

 

of the United
their

States sympathize

strugele It is
that Mentagu White will do nothing to
eneourage the efforts being made in Cone
gress to bring about recognition of Boer inde-
endenee by the Government, The President
s hound to aet in good faith toward Great
Britain, and his refusal to follow suggestions
of Congress might be Interpreted abroad asa

!

Boers in

 

was with
such a

iration that the Governmert
Britain in the strugal
situation would, it is eontnded, —do
more harm to. the Boer cause than
the extension of Congressional sympathy
would help it, and the assertion was made here
to-day by a man thoroughly qualitied to speak
on the subject, that Montagu White is fully
alive tothe truth of this. In other words, the
pro-Loer agitation in Congress, according to
those who profess to understand Mr. White's
views, is proving 4 souree of embarrassment
instead of a benefit to the Boer cause.

dee
Great

ROW IN THE FRENCH CHAMBER,

Deputy Fjected After Calling the Minister
of Justice a Scoundrel
Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sus,

Pants, Jan. 24.—A lively discussion was raised
in the Chamber of Deputies to-day by the Dep.
uties Whose naines appeared tn Procurator
Bulot’s charges against the Assumptionist
Fathers, as being nominees of that order.

M. Monis, the Minister of Justice, explained
that Procurator Bulot took the names from La
Crovw, the Assumptioniste’ newspaper, without
attaching any credenes thereto

M. Charles Bernard re‘used to accept the ex-
planation. Hedeclared that it was M. Monis
who had suggested the insertion of the names,
This was done in revenge on himself for hav-
ing called Monis a swindler, He now ealled
him a seoundrel
At this point there was agreat tumultin the
Chamber. M, Bernard was suspended but re-
fusedto leave, Tho sitting of the Chamber
was suspended while M. Bernard was forcibly
rel oved,

 

tSSUMPTIONISTS MUST DISBAND,

French Court Declares the Order Danger-
ous to the Government,

Spectal Cable leapat »Tur sun
Pants, Jan, 24 —The Ninth Chamber has
fined the Assumptionist Fathers and = de-
cides that the society must be dissolved. The
Asstmptionists were accused of violating

 

clauees ZL and 2!'2 of the Penal Code by be
longing to an onof more than twenty
persons, formed with the object of holding re-
ligious, literary, politics vd other meetings
without the assent of the Government

 

isso!

   

 

‘ orting to the indictment, the Assump-
tlonist order, under the cloak of religion, so
jicited alms and exercised its influence by the

 

 

  
 

Se

stasticeenssiaeineenitensinacdiiggieialmincaianniameamiaaeinmal iin

) helpofelever intrigues, andl tor twenty years
extended its ;amifleations throug t the re-
public in order to secure Aa politieal prepon-
derance which the Goverrnmont could no longer
tolerat:.

German Sugar Mills to Combine,
Speeral Cable Desp utes to Ti

Lowpow, Jan, 25 \ despatch to the Deity
VYeors from Lerlin states that negotiations are

Jer way for eourbit at " Guemat
sugar ni It isstated that Siooug ie nbout |
4OO wills are willing to yotn tl ition
Charter for a 3.007 000 New Yor Realty

formpany

Wriiwrketon, Del, dan. 24-7 \ tonwood
Park Kealty and Investment Company of New
York wis chartered at Dover toeliy witha

Its object isto buy and

capital of $3,009,000
develop suburbsa cracts

| sell real eatare at !
| outside of New lore.

RY

SENATE PROCEEDINGS.

More Pettigrew Resolutions—Amendments
to the Hawalti and Puerto Rico Bills.

WASHINGTON, Jan, 24-Io the Senatg this
Morning the Urent Deficleney bill was reported
from the Committee on Appropriations by Mr
Ilale (hep, Me) who gave notice that he Ww wuld
collatup tomorrow. ‘The committee added bens
carrying © total of $455,430, being def) encies in
the various depertments and for the payment
of judguients of the Court of Claims.

Mr. dilate (Rep, Conn.) gave notice of
ments to the bill to establish a government on
the Hawaiian Dslands, They provide that, until
further legilution by Congress, the eXisting
custome relations of the Hawaiian Islands hall
remain unchanged, and they strike out the proviee
jon fora Delegate to Congress, Tle also gave notice
of amendments to the Puerto Hiean bill ‘These
establish o rate of 80 per cent. of ex'sting custom:
raves ou products from Puerto Rico, and a like
rave of SO per cantof existing rates on United States
Imports to Puerto Rieo, and they strike out the
provision for a Delerate ty Congress.

Mr Allen (Rep, Neb) offered a resolution
calling for coples of oll proclamations and orcers
respecting the collection of customs and internal
revenue in Cuba, Puerto Rico and the Philippines.
It was objected to and went over

Mr. Pettlgrew (Silver Rep. S. D.) intrealuced a
Joint resolution declaring that the United Staws
of America will not recognize the nght of any
nation to declare food products contraband of
war, and that their seizure when belonging to
citizens of the United States or transported in
United States vessels wil be Coemed au uniriendhy
act The resolution went over

The resolution offered veoterday by Mr. Petts
grew in relation to tie treaty or agreement made
by BrigGen. Joan ©. Dates with te Sultan of
Sulu was taken up, and Mr. Pettigrew mace @
statement in relation to wt He spoke of the treaty
48 maintuining polygamy ond slavery ino the
Sulu group, aod said that, although it was made
on the 20ti of August, it was impossible to
secure a copy of it unl alter the Olu election.
When the newspapers and press applied for it,
a copy in Sulu Arabic was pcan d whieh nebody
in the United States could translate,

Mr. Spooner (Rep, Wis) asked whether the
Senator from South Dakota asserted that) the
President approved of the section of the treaty
recognizing slavery

‘Ido,’ Mr. vetugrew replied,

Thereupon Mr. Spooner read a paragraph
from the Presidents message, showing that it
was not to be assumed that the President in any
way recognized slavery in the Sulu Archipelago.

 

amend

 

  

Mr, Pettigrew characterized thatas “double
dealing,” and as on a par wiih everything else
in “the whole miserable affair.” “We prefer.”

he continued, “to let our fag tloat over slavery
and polygamy among Matometans and turn
our army and navy to the destruction of the in
dependence of a Christian people”

Mr. Lodge (Rep, Mass) said there was no
Objection to the resowtion, and it was adopted

Mr. Carter (Rep., Mont) cheirman cof the Census
Committee, presented a conference report on the
Census bill, showing two points in the bill sull
unarranged, one as to the enumeration of deaf,
dumb, and blind, and the other as to mining
operations. ‘The report was agreed to,

Mr. Cockrell (Dem , Mo.) moved that the Senate
recede from its opposition to the deaf, dumb and
blind provision, and said he would make asimilar |
motion to te provision 4s to miners }

Mr. Wolcott (Hep,, Col) surgested, ironically,
that the matter as to miners svould be left to the |
Geological Survey, which appeared to have nothing
to do.

Mr. Hale (Rep.,
ment against adding any further subjects to the |
scope of the census, 4s tending to greater expense
and delay

Mr Chandler (Rep, N. HL)
view and warned the Senate that if
subjects were taken ia, theresult would bea bulky,
long-delayed census report, 4 large partof which
would be utterly worthless

Mr. Tillman (Dem, S.C.) argued against Mr.
Chandler's position and referred tothat Senator
as being as “nervous and fidgetty as ayrasshop
per.” [Laughter]

“A pitehfork seldom touches a grasshopper,”
Mr. Chandler retorted.

After further discussion, the vote was taken

|
|
|
'
|
on Mr Cockrell’s motion, to take in the deaf and |
dumb and blind, and it was lost 30 yeas, 32 nays,
Mr. Petugrew moved to agree to the House
provision 4s to mining statistics After discussion
the motion was defested, yeas, If; nays, 35
A further conference on the bill was ordered
and then the Senate adjourned (il! to-morrow,
SUBMARINE BOATS FAVORED,
Naval Construction Board's Action Regard-
|

Me.) made an earnest argu

took the
additional

same

 

ing the Holland Boat Explained,

Wasninaton, Jan, 24.-The report of the
Board of Construction declining to recommend
the purchase of the submarine torpedo boat
Holland, was handed to the Secretary of the
Navy to-day. A minority report is submitted
by Rear Admiral Philio Hichborn, Chief Con-
struetor, the only member of the board who is
favorable to the purchase of the Holland, Itia
shown by the board’s report that its action was
based on a proposition from the Hoiland Tor-
pedo Boat Company to sell the Holland to the
Government for $165,000,0r, with certain modi-
fications, for $170,000, or to build two new and
larger bouts in accordance with plans submit.

ted by the company for $170,000 each, In its

report the board says:

“The board does not recommend the purchase
of the Holland, and in view of the fact that the
Holland Torpedo Boat Company is now a de-
linqguent in the case of the submarine boat
Plunger, under its contract with the Depart-
ment of March 12, 1895, by the terms of which
she was to be completed in twelve months, it
is of opinion that no further contract should
be awarded to said company until some settle-
ment, satisfactory tothe Department, has been
made concerning the Plunger, on account of

which the Government has alroady paid the
sum of $1,710.50; and there appears to be no
likelihood of her completion in the near fu-
ture.”

If the company makes satisfactory settle-
ment concerning the completion and delivery
of the Plunger, the board considers that tha
Department would be justified in entering into
contract with the Holland Company, under
proper guarantees and specifications, for one
submarine boat of the larger type offered by
the company In its proposal,

In an endorsement of to-day’s date the ma-
jonny mombers emphasize thetr views as fol-
ows:

“as the company offers in its proposition
herewith larger, jaster and better boats than
the Holland for the same price as it offers to
sel] the modified Holland, it seema a poor buat.
nessa transaction, from any poipt of view, to
consider her purchase, Again, as the two new
boats which the company offers to build for
$170,000 each are to be alike, the majority see
no good reason for contracting for more than
one, as they oan only be regarded as as steps
in development of the art of submarine navi-
gation. for which purpose one boat is as good
ua two of like kind,”

The majority report !s signed by Rear Ad-
miral Charles O'Neil, chief of the. Bureau of
Ordnance, President of the Board, Rear Ad-
miral George W. Melville, engineersin-echief;
Pear Admiral R. . Bradford, ehtef of the
Fquipment burean, and Commander Richard-
son Clover, chief intelligence ofleer

Rear Admiral Hiehborn dissents from the
report of the majority in so tar that it} does
not, in his opinion, aive sufficient credit
encouragement tothe enterprise of the
land Torpedo Boat Company, He adds;

“In my opinion, the reasons given by the
company for the construetion of the Holland
are substantiniiy correct; that
come aatisfied that t] esignof the Pinnger
could be very materially improved upon, the
company proces Jad at ita own expense to Ox.
periment with another boat, attaining results
which, according to off
own observation, are ver
tirely creditable,

“In view of all the facts, therefore, T believe
that the Department would be fully warranted
in contracting for two bouts of the Holland
type; the Holland itself being aeceptab!>, in
my opinion, althoueh less desirable than the
proposed boats of slightly greater dimensions
The immediate possession the Holland,
however, in the event ofa sudden emergeney,
is to he considered an advantage Phe tuet of
our having possession of the Holland, in her
resent state of eMeiency, in the spring of
18 ‘® would have Leen very marked in its ef-

and

Hol-

is having be-

 

 

 

ial reports and my
satisfactory and en-

 
 

 

Ocean Mail Service to Alaska,
Wasmrcrox, Jan. 24.—Contraects providing
for an elght-frip ocean schedule to Cirele,
Alaska, and Dawson, Canadayshave been signod
by the Becond Assistant Postmaster-General
nd |
rad. |

Will be made f

with the Alaskan
the North Amer

ing Company

Commerctal Company
an Transportation and T
Four trips

 

 

      

 

San brane aiistanee of 4,400 in wou

owtof Sila vroundtrip, Th '

willbe ina from Seattle

e118 ot. Michael, Noro

jowin and Cape York will he ineluded ino the |

ser \n eorly trip northward is to be made

trom both San Franeiseo ands le, April it
ndajate trip southward fror ne, Get, 15
The other trips of the sehecule willbe 4 ta |

between June’) and Oet, }

eTHeE SUN" As oA REAL ESTATE |
7 ADVERTISING . ove |

and News niedium wil! better meet your ree |

quirements than any other publication, reache
tng us it does people who have money for
investment, and supplying each day ait the
pews ovilible of interest to those interested |
fa the lieulty Marke—~Aue

|} Senators, at the request of

; sory

25, 1900.
NOMINEES OF THE CAUCUS.

BENNETT FOR SECRE-
THE SENATE,

   

 

CHAKLES 4G,
TARY OF

Daniel M. Ranadell for Sergeant-at-Armes

—Bennett Wins by One Vote Over Clarks
Who Had Withdrawn From the
tace=——unsdell Chosen by a Majority of 7

Wasurnoron, Jan, 24.—Beginning the first
of next month, the Senate of the United States
will operate under Kepubliean oMfcials, The
Republican eaucus this afternoon, atter about
two hours of disensston, agreed on former
Representative Charies G, Bennett of Brook
lyn for Secretary of the Senate and
Daniel M. Ransdell, United States Mare
shal for the District of Columbia during
the Harrison Administration, for Sergeant.
ateArms, Asp between James 8. Clarkson of
Now York and Mr, Bennett the result was close,
Mr. Bennett being selected by a majority of
one vote, 24 to 22, Mr. Kandsall was seleectod
on the second ballot over Mr, Alonzo H. Stew-
art, the present doorkeeper of the Senate, bya
Mijority of seven votes, 26 tol) On the frst
ballot arufMcient number of votes to prevent
anclection were given to Mr. Curtis of New
Hampshire, who was the caucus choice for
Secretary two years ago,

The contest for Sergeanteat-Arms was first
disposed of, Mr. Stewart went into the caucus
beileving he had more than enough votes to
elect him, HWehas been in the service of the
Renate for the past twenty-five years, aithough
stil comparatively young. Mr. Stewart will be
retained ns doorkeeper, and it is improbable
that B, W, Layton (Dem.), acting doorkeeper,
will be removed, that place having heen ace
corded the minority by a Senate resolution two
years ugo,

Mr. Ranedell was placed in nomination by
Senator Fairbanks, and Mr. Stewart by Senator
Allison, each Senator making a enlogistie
speech in respeet to his candidate, ‘The tlrst
yote resulted: Ransdelt, 22: Stewart, 18: Curtis,
5. The second stood: Ransde'l, 26; Stewart,
1. Senator Allison endeavored to cast the
vote of Senator Gear, his colleague, who is ill,
this it was elaimed being the eustom. in
caucuses, Senator Hoar and others objected,
for had this rule prevailed the result might
have been materially atlected

The reault on the seerctaryship was only
reached after considerable discussion, Itisa
noteworthy fact that Mr. Clarkson came within
one vote of being nominated, although his
name was not presented and a letter declining
the office was read tothe caucus Mr Clork-
son deciinedto hea candidate ina letter to Sena.
tor Platt, written nnder dace of Janu. When
the matter came up to-day Senator Carter of
Montana, @ personal friend of Mr, Clarkson,
read alotterfrom Mr. C.arkson in) which he
declined, He also submitted a telegram re-
ceived to-day, in which Mr. Clarkson called
Attention to his rto Mr. Platt. Mr. Clarke |
gon wrote Mr, Carterthat all he eared to do
was toerplain that he only became a eandis
cate when a majority of the Republicans in
the Senate in writing made him a tender of |
the offfee,

Mr Platt mate a brief epeech, saying that he
had favored Clarkson until he had deeided to |
withdraw He having pulled out of the race
Mr Platt therefore presented the name of
Charles G, Bennett of New York, '
_This nomination started the ball rolling. |
Senetor Carter expresse! his regret that Mr. |
Clarkson ha! seen fit to withdraw, Ir was due,
he declared,tothe malicious statements of sean |
dalmongers who had lied about him and left
nothing undone that would tend to cause him
to get out of the way Hla called attention to
the fact that Mr. Clarkson was the choiea of
the late Vieo-Lresident, and that a majority of
Mr. Hobart, had
pledved themselves to support Clarkson,
That he thought ought to be ree on eno ghto
have mace Mr. Clarkson Seeretary of the Sen-
ate, Mr. Carter referred to the time when he

ton the Nationa. Committee with Mr,
Clarkeon, and eulogized him highly as aman
and as an executive officer,

Senators Thurston and Scott also spoke for
Mr. Clarkson, and referred to his work forthe
party, a work that had been energetic and al-
ways worthy of record, Other Senators ad-

reseed thea caucus expressing their esteem
or Mr. Clarkson and their regret at his action
in withdrawing.

The first call resulted in a tie, 21 votes for
Bennett and 21 for Clarkson. An error was
discovered in the count which made the votes
stand 23 to 22 in Mr, Bennett's favor and he
was declared the nominees, The action of the
caucus will be ratifled in the Senate in time
for the new officers to take their seats on
Feb. 1.

There was a further discussion about the
minor patronage, but definite conclusions were
not reached, the whole subject. being referred
back to & caucus committee, The permanent
roll submitted to the caucus to-day consists of
about twenty-five veteran employees, Some
Senatora think ‘t is too large. Tf the views of
what is apparently a majority of the Re-
yublicans are supported the Demoeratic
Senatora will not have much = patronage
hereafter, It is proposed to ive them
one employee — each — in addition — to
a personal clerk. Uniderthe present arranges
ment each Senator has on average of two em-
ployees, Those thus taken from the minority
are to be distributed on the Kepublicans,
These matters will be determined upon at the
next caucus,

  

 

  

“

  

 

 

   

 

CAMPAIGN IN SOUTHERN LUZON,

The Coast of Leguna ae Bay Opened to
Unrestricted Trade,

Several minoractions

were reported to the

ay by Major Otis

Wasntnotoyr, Jan, 24
inthe Jaland of Luzor
War Department t
The campaign in southern Luzon has resulted
in opening the eonast of Laguna de Lay and
neighboring sections to unrestricted trade and
the west coast of Punay has been opened to
trade also, Gen, Otis’ despatch follows:

|

|

|
“MacArthur, 20th to 23, reports four minor
engagements in which five peurauata were

 

 

ren

kilied and several wounded a :ptured; also
eaptured four rifles and ot) property, No
casualties, Major Bishop, Thirty-sixth In-
tuntry, in North Sambales, with a detachment
of sixty men, attacked two insurgent com-
panies, killed 9 wounded and captured 143
secured 22 rifles, several thousand rounds of
ammunition, and two horses with equipmeuts.
Casualties: Three men wounded, one seriously,
Gen, Young reports action of Steever, Third
Cavalry, ugainat Gen, Tinio'’s foree in the
North, inflicted very heavy loss on insurgents,
in which ZX were killed; that Dodtds’ troop
attacked insurgents near Senta Luela; no
easualties, [tis reported from the South that
the enemy who evacuated Santa Cruz are sup-
eS beon the eastern coast. Santa Cruz

as been in our possession the Jast two daya,
Kehwan is believed to be in purauit. No late
report from him. The coast of Laguna de Bay
and noighboring sections. of country were
openad to unrestricted traffic on the 27th inst.
The western coust of the Island of Panay is
opened for trade,”

   

 

 

FOR TITE CRUISER

CREW ALBANY.

 

The Prairie to Carry Them to England on
Her Next Trip to Havre,

Wasuinxoron, Jan, 24 —The auxiliary cruiser
Prairie, which has been assigned to the work
of carrying to France the United States Gov.
ernment exhibit for the Paris Exposition of
1800 and has already made one trip to Havre,
will leave the New York Navy Yard about Feb.
1 for Paltimore, where she will
exhibits sent from Washington. She is sched-
uled to Jeaye Baltimore on Feb. 5, probably
stopping at Norfolk to coal tor her transatlane
tierun, The Prairie will carry to Eogland a
crew forthe English-butlt cruiser Albany, just
completed atthe Arinstrong shipyards at 2ls-
wick, and Will proceed thence to Havre to un-
lond her cargo , , i

The Albany is to start for New York just as |
goon as possibile after she has been placed in

take on board

 

   

commission. She is expected te leave Elswick
before the end of February and may be a4
signe ito the North Atiantic squadron of evo-

lution, now inthe West Indies

Commander Josoph BE. Craig of the navy, ac.
companie! by Lieut. POV. Mohan, satied yoas
terday for Southampton aboard the American

liner New York, to Dring tothe United States

the cruiser Albany, now at the Armstrongs
yards) The Albany was built for the Chilian
Government, and was bought by the United |

 

  

re the beginning of the war
The crew of the Albany will sail
the cruiser Vrairio within a few

Btutes Just b
with Spain,
henee on
weeks,

 

WILITARY CHANGE,

 

NEW HAMPSHIRE

   

Gov. Rollins Reduces Three Regiments to

Two of Tocrensed Size,
Cosconp, N. He, dan, 24.-Gov. Hollins to-day
fasted an order which in practice wipes out the |

organization of the First Legiment of the |
National Ginard. The order provides for a |
brigade of two tWelve-company regiments, In-

f three elahtecor

 

   

 

 

 

steuu “any regiments, whieh
have ex sted for twenty years. The law gives
the Cos t ze the National
truant onpantes are
not exer t ire that itis
desired that the regi t ranization shail

conform to that he Pnited s Army, |

i Waiies Of Wb oearet ob sment ]

eryider rwcen th ht Sie } ne the n

bit |

7 ona |

Charity Poll in Brooklyn, |

The vnnual eharity bal in aidofthe Hebrew |

Orphan Asylum Society was beld inthe Brook.
lyn Acudemy of Music last might. One of the
features ol the evening wae a drill by the |
orphans, Congressman Diitehell BM
ebairman of the Floor Committe

 

Weak, Worn-Out Men

     
   
   

  

Ronew the Springtime of Youth and Vigor !

DR. GREENE'S RERYURA

Biood aud Kerve Remedy

Renews, Vitalizes, and Invigorates Weak Mon.

Old betore his time !
discouraged !
The world to

A broken-down, miserable wreck — weak, nervous,

him seems a place of mist, peopled with ghostly beings,

whose vigorous flitting to and fro about their daily tasks

 

KO

prostrated,

completely

serves but to irritate him.
? ments, and finds no comfort or pleasure in life.
He is sick and he does not know It. Hedrags
about, and therefore thinks he is well.
despondent, and peevish, and weak, and he
does not know that these are merely signals
— some from the stomach crying for aid—
others from the nerves beseeching strength —
still others from the great lifeecurrent — the
blood — moaning that it is sp impeded and
clogged with impurities that it cannot move.
He, and all others Ike him, will find immes
diate relief in Dr. Girecne’s Nervura blood and
nerve remedy. This is just what it was in-
tended for.
strong and vigorous— puts new life, vim,
strength, power, and energy into them.

Mr. Jonny D, Surry, electrician for the Thomson-IToustoa
Electric Co,, of Lynn, Mass., say4:—

“When aman has been sick and fa enred, it is bis duty
to tell others about it, that they, too, may get well.
years ago I had been working almost nilit and day, could
hot eat regularly, and got only a few hours’ slvep at night,
No man can stand that Jong, and 1 soou began to be

would not stay on my stomach,
tion, and was much alarmed,
“went to doctors, but they did me no good,
of the wonderful good done by Dr, Greene's Nervura loot
and nerve remedy, I determined to try it
of allmy comp!aiats
well, thanks to this splendid medicine,
the best remedy in existence.”
Dr. Greene, 35 West 14th St., New York City, is the
mo.t successful specialist in curtpg nervous and

chronic diseases,
disease, and offers to give free consultation and ad.

vice, personally or by letter.

He seers at healthy amusee

Hie is

t never fails to make weak men

Three

LT could not sleep when I tried, and my food
1 was {na terrible condle

Tearnin
In cured me

T eat heartily and sleep
1 believe it to Le

He has remedies for all forms of

You can tell or write your

troubles to Dr, Greene, for all communications are com
fidential, and letters are answered in plain, sealed envelopes.

| BEST&CO

 

OCR FOREIGN COMMERCE,
Detailed Statement of Imports and Exports
for the Month of December,

Wasntnoton, Jan. 24.—The detailed tables
of the Deesinber imports and exports were
completed to-day by the Treasury Bureau of
Statistics, The summarization which acceme
panies them shows the forcign commerce of the
month by great classes, compared with that. of
the corresponding month of the preceding
year a+ follows:

 

| Jmpor's, Dec,, 1898, Dee,, 1899,
Articles of fxd and

live animals $14,058,780 $16,424,026
Articles in a crude

« dition 18,878,229 97,058 08
Articles partly manu

factured 4,382,520 7,074. 740

Articles manufactired h.4hbs00 10,172,040)
Articles of voluntary

use, luxuries, &c.... T10,801

 

Total importa, ‘ 1
Doties ¢ Hected from
eustoms

Foreiyn goods reaiatn-

 

oe

  
 

1,745,825

10,120,884

lng in Warehouse 85,607,140 58,070,320
DOMFSTIC EXPORTS,
Products of agricul-

-$101,9053.948

re 77,600,098
Products of manufac.

 

tures ’ 28,207,978 $5,152,053
Products of mining 1,857. 258 BOs ELD
Products of tue forest 2,$8e,l1y 8,505,050
Froducts of the teh
eres oovsee H21812
Miscellaneous ....... 201,710
Total domestio ex-
ports . €155,474,38590
Forign goods re-ex
ported, seeeeee 2,872,285

   

   

Total exports......

Gold imports ane S480, 24h
Gold experta.,..... 1185
Silver importa. ....... B02

 

Silver exports
Totil imports of mer-
chandise, 12 months 634,064,445
Total exports of mor-
chandise,l2months 1

5,700,014
708,846,57

1,276,400,671

  

LIEUT, STOCKLEY MIS:

 

iG,

Gen. Otis Says He Was Evidently Captured
While on Reconnoitring Duty.

Wasntnoton, Jan, 24.—Gen, Otis enabled the
War Department to-day that Lieut, Stockley,
Twenty-first Infantry, has boen missing since
the luthinst, when he was on reconnoitring
duty at Talisay, near San Tomas, Batangas,
and that he was evidently captured.

Paul Devereaux Stockley was appointed
Second Lieutenant to date from Aug. 22, 1h,
He was born in Cleveland, Ohio, July 14, 1875,

and his residence when appointed was 120
Liberty street, New York,

 

 

 

nh conjenction
with Lieut. Buckey, Third Artillery, he was
ordered to superintend the Joaling of dyna-

mite guns at New York for Manila, and then
to visit various points in I Urope and. proceed
to Manila and report to Gen, Otis for duty,

 

To Restore the Free Zone of Mexico,

Wasuineton, Jan, 24.—The Ways and
Means Committes this morning ordered a
favorable report on Representative Cooper's
resolution to restore the status of the free
zone of Mexico, In L805 Congress prohibited
the transportation of goods throughtho United
States in bond destined for the free zone. It
Wis thought this action would compe! Mex
to abolish the zone, but the only effect
been to prevent American transportation com-
vanies handling the goods which now enter by
fexican points and pass over the Mexican
railroads, The Cooper resolution is intended
to restore the status of the free zone and to
permit the goods to be shipped in bond to the
ree zone via New York,

   
  

Movements of Army Transporta,

WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.--The following are
rivals of transports at Manila were reported tose
day by Gen, Otis:

“Transports arrived: Victorin, Jan. 0; Flint.

shire, Jan. 23, Salled for San Franeiseo, Ohio

and Indiana, Jan. 5; St. Paul, City of Pueblo
and Slam, Jan, 6; Pathan, Jan. 7; Meade, Jan
8; Danly Vosiock, Jan. lo; She in, Jan. Ws;
Logan, Jan. 14; Columbia, Jan. 15. For Porte
land, Lennox, Jan. 2.”

Gen, Shafter telegraphed the War Departe
ment to-day as follows:

“Horse transports Tacoma, Conemaugh and
Ledanaw arrived from Manila Only military
passengers Lieut. Weleh, Tweetteth Infantry,
and three discharged soldiers. No remains.”

    

   

 

Pension Fund for Weather Bureau Men,

Wasursoton, Jan. 24.—-The House Commit-
tee on Agriculture to-day recommended favor-
abie action on the bill to provide @ pension
fund for employees of the Weather Bureau.
The bill provides for the creation of un annuity
fund by the withholding of 3 per cent. of
sulanies of allemplovees receiving
$300 per annum, and out of this fund it is pro-
posed to pay superannuated clerks, or those re-
thred for disabilities, 25 per cent. of the aver
age salary they reccived while in the service of
the bureau,

 

\rmy and Navy Orders,

Wasninaton, Jan. 24.—These Army orders

  
  

 

the |
more than |

 

 

were issued to- lay

Capt Peter C. Harris, Ninth Infantry, detailed to
represent the War Department aa aon iber of the |
Rood of Managcmnentof the Gow rin exlibit at
the Van-Anmevican Exp }

Col. Charles 1), Viele, Fourth Casalry, retired from
active service on account of cisability

Second Lient. Henry Woegenstein recently ap-
poh ted, assigned to Twenty-ffth infantry

i

L.evtenaut-Commander C. Thomas, U. 8. N., to

hom

 

and wait orders,

Safes are like watches, some are worth ten times more than others because
the maker’s name carries a guarantee of reliability.
| the oldest and best known Sates, every One guaranteed throughout.

9

Hall

Your old sate ex.
for a Modern :
Second Hand Safes. e

7 | Sale moving and rep. iring.

  

 

IpUTIAN

pit

The fit of a
Child’s Shoe

Is really the most important thing
about it—especially the School
Shoe, because that is wornthe most,
and has most to do with shaping
the growing foot.

  

 

We fit our School Shoes and all
other shoes perfectly in every
individual instance.

Couldn't do it if it were not for
special lasts and special sizes care
ried by no other house—this is one
of the advautages of the children’s
store—and they cost no more thas
any other well-made shoes.

Onr Special Shoes for Toving-In, Rowe
Lega Knock Knecs, Weak Anklos, eto,
are alsu inexpensive.

60-62 V/est 23d St.

nn re ee
THE SUIZELD AMERICAN FLOUR,

British Prize Court at Cape Town Will
Undoubtedly Direct its Release,
Wasnivaton, Jan. 24.-The Departe
ment bas been notified that the Dritish Prize
Court at Cape Town will, in afew daye, take up
the case of the A can flour and other foods
stuffs on the Uritish steamer Marhona, seized

 

State

 

 

  

by a British eruiser off Delagoa Bay, Portue
guese Africa, on sus) iclon that the cargo was
ntended for the Boors. The British Governe

ment having admitted that the care Was in
Violation of international law, and no charge of

 
 
 

 

   

 

contraband being made, the court will unquese
Mor y direct the release of the American
goods The State Department has been ine
formed by representatives of some of the
owners of the American goods detained that
these owners are willing to sell their property

to Great Britain,

SMALLPON IN OKLAHOMA,

Mail Service to the Towns
May Be suspended,

Wasuinetos, Jan, 24 —VPost OMe offleials
are watching the spread ofsmallpox in Okla
homa with serious interest. Tt has been found
nevessary already to close the ofiicee at Remus,
because the postmaster, his wife aud two of his
children are afflicted, Avoka is threatened
with the plague andthe railway mail clerks are
instructed to suspend the mali service thither
attheirowndiseretion. The inst town to fall

The Aiiccted

 

 

under suspieton is Weatherford in hay county,
Should the disease continue to spread, the
mail serviceato all communities seriously afe

fected ts to cease until the period of qucrantioe
has passed

Movementeof Naval Vessels,

Wasninaros, Jan. .4—The gunboat Cage
tine arrived at Hong Kong to-day; the gune
boat Vixen, at Port Noval, 8. C., and the
crulser Detroit at Key West yesterday, and
ve training ship Adams at San Diego om
Jan. 22.

Washington Notes,

trodueed hy
the adinission

Senator Lodge has for
fo the mais, at the

   

rite of one centay .of books passing bee
tween public school and society Hbraries.
President McKinley went to Arlington toe

 

day, accompanied by Secretary Root and Attore
neyeGeneral Griggs, to attend the funeral
service ver the bodies « dead soidier

brought from Cuba aud bu
Cemetery

The Foreign Relations Committee
te ee ordere Ta favorable report ona measure
authorizing he tral Sarspson and other
ofleors North Atlantic squadron to

ielin the Nation

Senate

 

 

accept decorations bestowed by the Venezuela
Government

Th ise Committee on Pensions to-day
directed a tavorable report onthe bill making
service tn tha Spanish-American Waraufflfent

to remove disabilities against those who aited

or abetted the Southern troops during the War
[the rebeliion,as faras drawing pensions is
meerged. ‘The bill is Intended to apply pare
thieuiar’y to parentsof those serving inthe wor
with Spain

WasttinoTon, Jan, 24.-—Gen, John R. Brooke,
former Governor General of Cuba, arrived in
Washington last night This afternoon he
called at the War Department and reported hig
arrival through the Adjutant General, Later
in the day he called on Secretary Root and dise
cus . cor phone in Cubaand his prospective
fasignimnen 0 the comer ‘ > F
aeeeeeps 72 tee mmand of tha Departe

¢

 

 

Hali’s, sold since 1840, are
Prices right,

3 Safes.

» INSEY, RAINIER & THOMSON

GENERAL AGENTS, ’

393 BROADWAY, N. Y.

TEL. 307 FRANKLIN.

——

i
1%
Bi
t
‘a
)