4

T= = , — ig ,
BOY ORATOR AT IT AGAIN,

BPELCHES BY BRYAN YESTERDAY IN
CONNKOTICUT AND JENSEY,

Lady Toasted Him as
Brave’ ln New Haven He Gave Offence
by His Flippant Allusions to the Deity

Bob Davis Had Hie Welcome Ready tn
Jersey City-He'll Never Hilt 16 to 1,
Col. William Jennings ryan made three
speeches yesterday jin two States All the
ppoeches were very much alike, and all ofthem
bore @ striking resemblance to the speech
which he delivered in Baltimore some tine

For four days he had not made a public

Stamford

ago M
talk, and he seamed to enjoy himself
thoroughly. the speechmaking activity

drove away the headache of which he com.
plained on Tuesday night at the Democratic
Club, and he was feeling well last night.

Col, Bryan rose at 8 o'clock yesterday morn-
dng and bad breakfast at the Hioffman House
with some personal friends, After breakfast
he packed his grip and started for the Grand
Central station in time to catch the 10:02 train
for Stamford, Conv, While he was packing he
was asked whether he had used up mueh oil
during his stay here

“LT don't know,” he replied, “Il always try to,
you kuow.”

One ofthe notable features of Col. Bryan's
visit to this city wae his positive refusal to
listen to tha suggestion of Democrats now
training with him that the next Democratic
National Convention should subordinate the
freo silver issue, Some of these Democrats
even went so far as to tell him that it should be
dropped entirely. Most of the subordinate
Democrats connected with the regular organi-

gations did not hesitate to express
this opinion. Col. Bryan refused to
liaten to it, and he took the

ground with some that he took in his speeches
in Texas last summer. On those occasions he
guid that, if the frae silver issue should be set
aside by the Democratic National Convention
of 1400, he would leave the Democratic party
and start a party of his own. Some of the
Democrats talked with yesterday said they did
not believe that Mr. Bryan had ever given ex-
pression to any such sentiments, ‘The news-
pavers all over the country, however, in print-
ing stenographic reports of his speeches in
Texas reoorded him us making that threat.

Dr. John H. Girdner and Andrew MeClain,
Newburgh follower, accompanied Col. Bryan
tothe Grand Central Station.

Mr. Bryan spenttwo hours in Stamford. He
spoke at 11 o'Glock in the Town Hall. The
only seats that were vacant Were some on the
stage which had been reserved for dis-
tinguishud Democrats. ‘The distinguished
Democrats of Stamford are uot of the Bryan
stripe, It was significant that ox-Mayor
W. J. H. Bohannan was not present. Mi
Bohannan has recently renoun
The applause which greeted Mr, Bryan was

ourteous, but not enthusiastic. The speech
dwelt upon free silver, trusts and imperialism.
After the meeting Mr. Bryan had luncheon
with Mr. and Mrs. Homer 8. Cuinmings at
“Linden Lodge.’ Mrs. Cummings, who is a
daughter of James bD, Smith, proposed the
toast, “Here’s to the Brave,” and Mr, Bryan
made a pleasing response, My,

arty took @ train at Glenbrook station for
New Haven,

When Mr. Bryan spoke in New Haven in the |

afternoon he made several allusions to the
Deity which grated on the ears of his audience,
One of the remarks that fell as flat asthe plat-
form on which he stood was this;

“Lam satisfied that when God gets ready to
reveal His will tothe American people He will
enonse somoune other than Mark Hanna to re-
veal it.’

Then he said: “l’ye seen Republicans going
up and down theland telling what God's will
was, when | was satisfied that if God knew
them as well as Ll did, He would never let them
know His business.” His jocular assertion
that God would become round-shouldered over
somelof the responsibilitiesand cares entrusted
to Him was heard in chilly sitence.

When be touched upon the Boer war and
said, “It is asad dav for this country when we
can't sympathize witha nation struggling for

liberty.” the applause was generous. Every
other reference of a similar nature to the
fouth African war received applause. He

talked for an hour and five minutes and made
hardly any reference to 16 to 1, Alexander
Troup, the Connectiout member ot the Na-
tional Silver Democratic Committee, presided
atthe meeting, Tnere were a few women in
the audience.

On his return to the Hoffman
Bryan found Congressman “Bill”
sey City waiting for him to take him over to
the Robert Davis Association fora dinner, to
be foliowed bya speech at St. Peter's Hall.
Congressman Daly had a cab ready, into which
Col, Bryan wot, and they went across the
Twenty-thiru street ferry of the Penn.
eylvania Railroad. In Jersey City. Col.
Bryan got the most enthusiastic welcome
which he hashed in this vicinity on this trip,
The Hon, “Bob” Davis, who wanted the Demo-
eratie Jeader toomit all reference to free siiver
from his speech, had promised to do all that
lay In his power to make the reception a sue-
cess anyway. and his supporters were out in
force. There were thirty pol.cemen outside
the clubhouse, and they kept orderly a crowd
of almost one hundred and ‘tty persons,

When Col, Bryan's carriage appeared there

House Col,

was a cheer, which was repeated as
he walked between the lines of police.
men up the steps of the cluo The
house was full of members of the
ssociation, who cheered loyally as
Mr. Davis grasped Co} Bryan's
hand. Some ¢ the club members
went forward and were = introduced.

Fach of them got a handshake, Then Col.
Bryan was escorted tothe banquet hall of the
club, where afeast had been prepared for him.
One of the courses was English plum pudding
with Boer sauce,
privted in silver as adcelieate compliment to
the guest.

Col, Bryan ate his dinner with these eminent
Statesmen: Congressman Daly, ex-Congress-
man Cornish, Mavor Hoos, Surrogate Lillis,
County C.erk Stack. Inspector Haggerty, A. J.

  
 

Clements, Assemblymen Blackwell, Smith,
Murphy and Coddington, J. T. | Martine,
“The Farmer Orator of Viainteld;’ Joel

Coddington, Assistant Sergeant-at-Armasof the
Assembly: Register Clark, Sheriff Reumpler,
Rr John Nevins, Police Justice Nevins, John

Feenvy, M. J. Coyle, Joho Nehi, Christopher
}. smith, Co

   

1, Robert S, Sinith, P. O'Meara, J,
C. Cooper and J. P. Minturn,

The dinner was over by 7:45 0’clock. Then
Col. Bryan shook han Is witha few more club-
men and got into a carriage to gotothe hall.
In frontofthe hali a crowd had begun to eo!-

ad free silver, |

3 a | ot
Bryan and | country Pilate and Christ stood face to face,

and the menu cards were |

| Dal revenue taxes foll more

“The |

 

| gaid that he could not see it that way, and be-

lect ateesOo'¢lock, Ten minutes before the ;
@peakers arrived every seat was tuken
and .a goo many persona were stand-
ing in the aisles. A. young. resident |

of Jersey City, who combs his hair like
Col, Brvan, succeeded in attraeting attention
by walking across the stage. He was cheered
and it became evident at once that the crow:
was full of enthusiasm for Bryan. His arrival
was heralded by the crowd outside with hur-
rabs. Mr. Davis called the meeting to order,
andintroduced Mayor Hoos as the presiding
officer, Mayor Hoos rapped for order witha
glass, and made this speeeh

“We have with us this evening a gentleman

 

in our midst whom we are all glad to sev anc
to have withus. He received the support of |
6,000,000 and One-hall of the voters of this

country Youare all glad to have this manin
our midst. I, as Chief Magistrate of the city of
Jersey City, extend the freedom of the eity to
Col. Bryan.”

This induced the crowd tocheerand stamp,
and when Col. Bryan began to speak, he said
that the demonstration convinced him that he
was wasting time by speaking in Jersey City.
Some one interrupted him to eall for three
cheers for “our next President.” These were
followed by three cheers jor “our next Mayor,
B.G. Smith.” Col, Bryan apnarently decided
that stories were what his wudtence wanted,
and he told two that were we! received, Then
he said

“Lam not going to speak asa enndidate and
Ido not want you to listen as though I werea
candidate, for, no matter what the future has
in store tor me inthe way of offlees. Tam in
polities for years to come, and | rejoice that l
am a young man, because in the course of na-
ture I'll have many more years in which to
fightthe Kepublicans, But l donot fight in-
dividual Republicans, A majority of the Ke-
publicans are as anxious for good government
as are the members of my own party, The
only trouble is that the Republican party has

yutthe dollar before the man, The dollar sign
3 stamped on every Republican policy, and
none i# genuine unless the sign is biown inthe
gas, Now, [shall speak to-night in answer to
this question and Lhope there are Republicans
here tolisten, Are you onthe inside’ If so,
are you sure you are going to stay there 7

Col, Bryan then said that in 1S the Repub-
lican party put the dollarabove the man, and
that now only moneyed men could geta fair
show under Republican rule. He quoted from
a letter written by Lincoln in 1850 to the Bos-
ton Republicans, in which they were warned
not to let capital take precedence of labor.
Then he said:

“Let me ask you tolook at the fall the Repub-
liean party. has taker There is Lincoln at one
end, and Hannaatthe other, What a tobog-
van slide itmakes, Compare Haonaism with
!.incolaism.”

Col, Beyan said Lincoln had warned = his
countrymen to fear a monarchy when an ate

tempt was made to mnt capital above
labor. He said this attempt had = sue-

edod and then read an extract from
an interview with Senator Hanna in
Which the senator was quoted = aa

guying that England's government had many

 

————_—

! thisform: “What shallit profit us though we

Daly of Jer- counties of the State, after his breakfast yes-

good points, “some. perhaps, superior to
ours.” Col. Bryan then made a plea for an in-
come tax, saying that import duties and {nter-
eavily ou the poor

thap on the rich,
hen we fuvored an income tax in OCon-
qresa, | he said, “au Eastern Democrat told me

t would drive the rich men from the party.
didn't believe any rich Democrat would leave
the party because it favored just laws, i didn't
know the rich Democrats then as I donow. I
thought that the poor Republicans would coma
in to take thelr places. any way, but I didn’t
know the poor Republicans as [ do vow.

Now (haveto pay the regular price for a
telegram and one cent more for the benevo-
lent assimilation of the Filipinos. Why? Be-
cause the Republican party #o made ft, Why
did it make it so? Because it listened to the
telegraph compauy, not the people, Under
Repubilean administration. money is more
precious than human blood, for the Govern-
ment can take the cit.zen, but the pocketbook
is sacred,”

Then Col. Bryan began to talk of the
of free silver, which were applauded
audience, Hesaid he wouldn't apol
speaking of free silver, and Farmer
told him he needn't, :

.. People ask ine to drop free silver” he sald:

t wouldn't break if Idid. It’s bleger than
any man. [never makea speech where it is
proper to allude to polities without speaking of
silver.”

Col, Bryan attacked the Bepadlican Currency
bill, saving it would bind this country to the
wheels of English flaance.

“It's au infamous bill.” he said. “It's the
most infamous ever pressed in Congress, This
Congress was elected when Republicans orators
were telling us to uphold the Government in
time of war, and while they were paring thas
the floanciers were preparing to hold up the
Government.”

Co! Bryan said that without the increase
of = $200,000,000 in the money supply.
the Republicans would) have been In a
very bad way. He sald that the sections
of the bill retiring the “greenback, which
preserved this nation when the gold
nad fled,’ and providing for bank issues of
paper money, meant “an clastic currency with
the bunkers holding both ends of the elastic.”
Great applause greeted the statement: ‘The
banks will make the profits, tho toilers will pay
the taxes.”

Then trusts came in for a whacking. The
speaker quoted Senator Hanna's speeches in
the Ohlo campaign last fail to show that the
Republican party was committed to trusts,

“Until God sends us angels from above to
conduct monopolies, no monopoly will be safe,”
hesaid, “What we've seen of the men who
run them makes us think that they came from
below.”

Then he ealled trusts aud corporations the
“man-made men, who are greater than the
God-made men.” He repeated his plan for
venereal licenses for corporations, aad then
sald:

“solomon has a proverb: ‘A prudent man
foreseeth the evil and bideth himself, but the
simple pass on and are punished,’ That is too
long. T’ve redrawn it ao that it reads: ‘The
wise nan gets an idea in bis head, the foolish
man gets it in the neck.’ If @ man stealsa
horse, we set bloodhounds after him. Ifthe
forms a trust, we give himabanquet, The
Republican party has amended the command.
mentsothat it reads: ‘Thou shalt not steal
on a small seale.’”

Col, Bryan mlaquoted Solomon,

Of {perialism and militarisin he spoke next,
saying that the difference between a republic
of 70,000,000 and an empire of 80,000,000 por-
sons Was apparently the difference between &
standing army of 25,000 andone of 100,000
men.

“There are three defences of our policy in
the Philippines,” he said, “They are these:
Financial, or there's money in it; religious, or
God's in its political, or we rein tt, Its pbilan-
trophy and O per cent.—philantrophy chloro-
forms the conquerors consclence, while 5 per
vent, nicks the conquered’s pocket,”

“T’'ve seen Republicans going up and down
the land telling what. God wants,” he said a
moment later. “If God knew them as well as
I do he wouldn't dare to tel! them what he
wanted,”

Then he quoted approvingly a sermon he had
heard, in which the preacher sail that in this

lories
y tho
ize tor
artipne

Later he asked if we were bound to stay In the
Philippines “because Dewey sank a Spantsh
feet at Santiago.” Col. Bryan made another
quotation from the Bible do duty for him in

gain the whole world and lose the spirit of
liberty.” The following paraphrase wae Col,
Bryan's last misquotation:

“In the beauty of the lilies Christ was born across

the sea,

With a lory in His bosom that transigures you and

me,

As He died to makemen boly, let ua die tomake men
subjects to th¥ U. 3. A.,

As God goes marching on,”

Tho New Jersey Democrats cheered loudly,
Col. Bryan got into a caband went to the Hoff-
man House, He will depart this morning at
0°55 for Harrisburg, Pa. He will return here
early in February, and on Feb. 7 he will speak
in Carnegie Hal! andin Plainfield, N. J.

MR, MACK STRIKES WALL STREET,

Trying to Proselytize for Bryan and Is Told
That Bryanism Is a Back Number.

The Hon. Norman F. Mack of Buffalo, Col.
Bryan's chief representative in the western

terday morning with Mr. and Mrs, Bryan, made
a tour of the Wall Street district, Mr. Mack
wis attired in the finest and most expen-
sive raiment. His jewels of diamonds and
rubies, and his expensive kid gloves were the
loast of bis attractions. Among those whom
Mr, Mack visited were tho Hon. William F.
Sheehan, formeriy of Buffalo, and the Hon.
Javob A. Cantor, fora number of years Demo-
cratic leader of the Senate at Albany, Mr.
Mack was on a_ proselytizing tour, Mr.
Sheehan was National Democratic Committee-
man for tue State when Mr. Bryan was nomil-
nated in UM, Immediately ofter Bryan's
nomination Mr, Sheehan resigned as Demos
cratic National Committeeman, and joined the
ranks of the Gold Demoorats, He was suc-
ceeded as Democratic Nationa! Committeeman
by the Hon. Frank Campbell of Bath, a presi«
dent of banks and associated with Democrats
with sound money investments, f

The talk that Mr. Mack had with Mr. Cantor
ia possibly the most Interesting. Mr. Mack de-
sired Mr, Cantor to come buck into what he
called “The Democratic Fold.” Mr. Cantor

sides that he was notengaging much in poll-
ties nowadays, Mr. Cantor refused to be con-
verted, buton the contrery informed his old
friend, Mr. Mack, that “if Bryan is nominated
this year, as he certain'y will be, he will be the
worst-beaten man that ever ran for the l’reai-
dency. Mr, Cantor went further and told Mr
Mack how workingmen had been employed
at good wages during the last three
years, and where many workingmen and
others supported Mr. Bryan in 18968, Mr.
Bryan would have to go without their suprort
this year, as the workingmen and their friends
did not desire a ehange In the National Ad-
ministration, :
Everywhere Mr. Mack went with his fine
raiment and ruby and diamond jewels, and
neatly fitting kid gloves, he was greated by
the same testimony. In all banking cirelvs
Mr. Mack was informed that Bryen and Free
Silver ata ratio of 16to lL were dead cocks in

the pit.

CARNEGIE BARREL FOR BRYAN?

Reputed Statement of the Tronmaster
Which He Won't Talk About.

The Washington Evening Times printed on
Jan. 22 an article to the effect that Andrew
Carnegie will contribute to William J, Bryan's
campaign fund, the authority given for this
statement being a Democratic Senator, The

 

1) Krening Times is itself a Democratic paper

The article says in part:

“This Senator had a long talk with Mr. Car-

negie during the Christmas holidays, and the
multi-millionaire made somo interesting as-
sertions to the statesman. ‘As firm a sup-
porter as T am of the single gold: standard,’
sald Mr. Carnegie, ‘f would be only too glad, tf
such athing were possible, to see the fight of
INS waged all over again this vear, and [
would give liberally to the Bryan campaign.
Of course, the gold bill is golng to become a
law, and that will eliminate the currency as
the most important tssuo of this year’s cam-
ign, If the Democrats will come out
Holds agaiust expansion, they need
not be ward ip forcampaign funds, Whatever
money is needed after they havo exhausted
their usual sources will be freely contributed
hy me. 1 would prefer to have Bryan in the
White House with a Democratic Congress
at his back to undo the work of currency
reform than to see MeKinley there with the
power to hold the territory conquered from
Spain.’ :
BE ho Senator related to Col, Bryan at the
Capitol last week the conversation he had had
with Mr, Carnegie, and this is said to have
aealed the Nebraskan’s Jetermination to in-
vade ‘the enemy's country’ at all hazards.”

This articla was shown to Mr, Carnegie at
his home, > West Fifty-first street yesterday,
He declined co make any statement about it.

PEAR! MONTFORT DAVIS SENT HOME,

Lost Her Mind When the Man With Whom
She Ran Away Deserted Her.

Pear! Montford Davis, the nineteen-year-old
girl who was taken from New York Hospital on
Jan, 3 to Bellevue Hoapttal for examination as
to her aanity, wae sent home vesterday to New-
market, Atn., where her father, Gibson 8.
Davis, lives. Supt. Blair of the Outdoor Poor
Department learned that the gir! had come
to this city with a travelling agent, and that she
had lived with him ina house in West Thirty-
fourth street until he left her. Tho girl's de-
mented condition was attributed to this aban-
donment. She hasacute melancholia, She has
a black ebony locket with which she refuses to
part, and while in the insane pavilion she asked
and cried coatinually fur “Harry,”

 
    

COUNT BONIS REVENGE. |

TO BE SOUGHT IN COURT, NOT ON
THe FIELD OF HONOR,

The ‘*Figaro’’ Editor Hits at Castellane
Again, This Time by Cable, and the Count
Gets Back at Him the Same Way, Sparing
No Expense and Threatening a Lawsuit.

The Count Boni de Castellane received a
despateb yesterday from Ferdinand de Rodays,
director of the Figaro, the Paris newspaper
which said that the Count was impoverished by
speculation op the Bourse and was going to
the United States to get more money. The di-
rectur of the Figaro reasserted tho truth of
what he had said about the Count, and accused
Castellane of base ingratitude, Tho Count
made answer to the telegram from the editor
in terms which, his friends say, will cause lots
of editorial hair to be torn out by the reota in
the Figaro oMev, Hero is the oditor’s letier
to the count:

“Comte de Oasteliane, Waldorf. Astoria, New York:

“Your denials and your menaces will change
none of the facts which are nuw of public no-
toriety in Paris. Ifthe Figaro took notice of
what is termed your discomfitifre it was juati-
fled therein by the campaign of defamation
and Insult which you have Inspired without
provocation in the paper which you control, I
hope you will sueceed in getting outof the
affair, and on yourreturn I reserve to myself
the right to tell you what I think of ‘disloyalty’
and your altitude with regard to a journal and
a journalist who had never been anything but
kind to you and your wife, while you have
nover shown anything but ingratitude,
“FBRDINAND DE Ropaysa, Director of Figaro,”

The Count came down from his apartments
at the Waldorf-Astoria two hours after this
telegram had been sent to him and handed his
reply to the telegraph operator of the hotel.
He listened while the operator sent the mes-
sage, and seemed to enjoy hearing the words
ticked off. He gave outa copy of his reply to
tho editor, 1. follows:

** Rodays, Director * Pigaro,’ Rue Drowot, Parit

“LT have just received the despatch which
makes you so ridiculous and pitiable, It is ia
keeping with the ‘public notoriety’ which
characterizes the sheet which you direct in the
interests of the vilest causes. In truth, you
aonoy me, and J shat! withhold any further
explanations until [see youtn Paris upon my
return from America about Feb, 15. 1 must
say that every one should be highly edifled by
the absurd allegations you have made concerns
ing me~made with a grand flourish after my
departure from France and when | was where
I could not defend myself for nine days, and

could not deny for that length of time that lL
had ever speculated on the Bourse.

“You have bad the bad taste to suggest that
Lseek redress from the Minister of Finance,
The Figaro, having become the most corrupt
and disreputable cosmopolitan newspiper,
maioly through your fault, will now be com.
pelled to pay damages to the amount of 100,000
franes, with interest, But this ought not to be
hard on you, foryou have a substantial basis in
the fund which you collected for Mme. Klobb,
but which she refused to accept

“) think Lam very reasonable in asking that
amount of damages after the questionable
campaign which you have conducted in France
for the last two years. | implore you, dear M,
de Rodays, to occupy yourself with an attempt
to resuacitate the Figaro, whose circulation
and standing have been so seriously impaired,
instead of meddling with affairs which do not
concern you.

“Thave never ‘inspired’ against you a ‘oam-
palen of defamation and insult.” Butitisquite
natural that, as an honest man, I should ra-
gard you as @ poitroon, who i> not worth the
ten louis which [am foreed to oxpend in send.
ing this message.

“Say what you will, no one will take you
seriously. Until we meet.

“CoMTE DE CASTELLANE,
“Deputy.”

The Count was anxious that people on this
side of the water should understand just how
insulting he hud been to M, de Rodays,

“The alluston to the fund for Madame Klobb,”
he sald, “everybody in France wil! underatand,
The benevolent, philanthrople Figaro was at

reat pains to announce a& collection for the

anefit of the widow of Lieut.-Col. Klobb, who

Was assassinated in Africa by the mutinous
commanders of a garrison whom Klobb and
another had been sent to arrest, The fund
was very popular. Many persons contributed
to it. The first day 12,000 francs were re-
ceived, Madame Klobb, however, when the
fund was offered to her, refused to accept tt
because the Fivaro, throughout the Dreyfus
case, had shown itself to be the enemy of the
French Army. The money was left in the
benevolent hands of De Rodays. His friends,
the editors of the other newspapers, have often
asked of htm what he willdo with it. Ha ean-
not give it tothe widow; it is not apparent that
he will give it back to the subscribers {mmoa-
diately. So, as a jest, IT have suggested that
the fund makesa splendid beginning for the
amount he must pay me in damages for the
gross libe! he has published about me.

“You must not understand from the message
of de Kodays that he means that I am the
proprietor ef a newspaper in Paris. Hoa

H

  
 

perhaps believes that 1 influence some
one newspaper so that I control tt, but
that is not true, of course. 1 am_glad to

say that nearly all the newspapers of Paris ex-
cept the Figaro have always been most friendly
and considerate to me, and if IT stand well with
them Iam proud of it.”

The Count said that he and the Countess
would probably go to Lakewood on Saturday
to visit the family of George J. Gould, Mrs,
Gould will give a musicale for the Castellanes
e Feb, 10, two days before they return to

‘aris.

 

WAS'NT

ROBBERY THAT SQUARED,

Woman Who Negotiated With the Police
for a Friend Lands in a Cell,

Jacob Sprague of Hempstead, L. 1, met a
young woman on Broadway yesterday after-
noon and accompanied her to a room at 358
West Thirty-fifth street. Some one robbed
him of his money there, and when ho discove
ered his loss the girl had disappeared. He
went to the street and met Policeman Lane of
the West Thirty-seventh street station to
whom he told his story. Lane and another
policeman. went into the house, There
they met Minnie 0’ Brien,who called Lane aside,

“Phe girl that turned the trick has a eps.
she whispered to Lana, “but I found $1) on
the floor of the room, There's $3 in it for each
of you cops if you get rid of the country jake.”
Lane agreed to the proposition until the
woman took the $1! from her atocking. Then
he arrested her and locked ber up as a guspi-
cjous person, Sprague said he had lost $30 in
the house.

 

INQUIRY INTO SALOON SHOOTING,

Two Sets of Charges Based on a Police-
man’s Fusillade,

An investigation of the story printed in Tur
Sun recently about a policeman who entered
an Eighth avenue saloon and fired his revolver
right and left to impress the occupants, re-
sulted in the summoning before Inspector
Brooks at Police Headquarters yesterday of
Policeman William Deacher of the City Hall
squad, Policeman Muller of the West loth
street station and Bernard Meyer of 23875
Kighth avenue, the proprietor of the saloon in
which the shooting occurred, As a result of
the Inspector's investigation charges will be
referred against both Deacher and Muller,
The latter, it is charged, failed to report
Deacher’s frolic, though he had to tie the ex-
cited policeman with ropes to keep him quiet.

 

POPULIST ATTACKS ON BRYAN,
Party in Okluhomn Objects to His Associa-
tion With Tammany Hall,

Perry, Oklahoma, Jan. 24.—The Populists of
Oklahoma are very much opposed to William J.
Bryan. The Populist papers published tn this
Torritory say that he has sold himself to Dick
Croker, Tammany Hall and the Belmonts,
They say Bryan is much worse than Grover
Cleveland, for they say Cleveland would not
associate with Croker and Tammany Hall, and
Bryan isdinedand wined by them.

Editor Allen of the Normal People's Voice,
the leading Popwlist paper of the Territory,
who has represented his county in the Terri-
torial Legislature for several terms, says that
Bryan is much worse than any Eastern gold
bug, fer he plays pig with the West and puppy
with the East.

For the past five years the Democrats and
Populists have (used in all elections in Okla-
homa, but from present indications they are
far from fusion this year,

To Reduce Authorized Capital Stock From
$25,000,000 to 82,600,000.

Cricaco, Jan. 24.-It is announced officially
that a meeting of the shareholders of the Tlli-
nols Flectrie Vehicle Transportation Comyany
will be ealled soon to act upon a suggestion to
reduce the authorized capital stock of the
company from $25,000,000 to $2,500,000,

There has now been paid in one instaliment
of $5a share. [t is the plan toeall for one
more instaliment. amounting to $5, which
would make the $2,500,000 0f capital, But it
is proposed not to ask for the entire $5, but in
amaller amounts, from $1to$2 per share, ae
the funds are nevded, ‘

f

THE SUN, THURSDAY, JANUARY

AFTER COLLECTION AGENCY.

 

Fraud Order Issued Against the Metropoll-
tan in Jorsey City,

The posta) authorities at Washington have
issued a fraud order against the Metropolitan
Collection Agency which has headquarters at
19 Montgomery street, Jersey City. Inspector
Snow had received a number of complaints
against the concern and made an investiga-
tion, The evidence he obtained was rent on to
Washington and submitted to the Attorney-
General, who recommended that the order bo
{naued. Luke Ellison is the manager of tho
agenoy. Tho concern’s methods of doing
business is to solicit membership in the agency
at an expense of $15 year, For this sum the

ency agroos to furnish*its subscribers with
ogal advice and attend to collections. A com-
mission is charged for making tho collections
ranging from 335 per ceot, for outlawed
lat s down to_10 per cent. for claims of
$1 and over. Inspector Snow says that the
agoncy has secured a large number of s#sub-
acribers and collected a great many claims,
but that it retains tho principal as well as the
commission.

“Hundreds of merehants and reputable
business houses have piaced their claims in
Eilison's hands for collection,” eaid Inspector
Snow yesterday, re he has collected a large
shareof them, but I have yet to find one man
who bas received a single cent of the money
dae him from euch collections,”

TISSOT WORKS FOR BROOKLYN.

The Paintings of the Life of Christ May
Come Here,

The Brooklyn Institute of Arts and Sciences
has secured an option until March 1 on the
purchase of the paintings of the Life of Christ,
by J. James Tissot, for $60,000, At a meet-
ing of the trustecs on Tuesday the Committee
on Art was authorized to start in at once to
raise the money for the purchase by pe bits
subscription, The trustees subscri $13,100
for the fund among themselves, The arrange-
ments forthe purchase were made recently by
A. Augustus Healy, President of the institute
while he was on a visit to Paris, M. Tissot, if
the purchase is effected, ie to come over to su-
pervise the decorationa of the gallery in which
the 400 pictures are to be hung, and to paint
a Christ, to be placed at the end of the
gallery. ‘The trustees are confident that
the money will be raised within the specified
time,

OBLTUARY,

 

Richard E. Mott, 56 years old, dled at bis home,
O07 West Forty seventh street, vesterday worn
ing after an illness of eight months He was born
in the old family bomestead on the same site,
aud was educated in Grammar Seliool 47 and in

the College of the City of New York, From 1880
to 1800) he was deputy clerk of the Common Coun
cil, and he was afterward deputy clerk in the
money order department of the Post Office under
Postmaster Van Cott. More recently he had been
employed as an actuary by the Mutual Eeserve
Insurance Company. tle was active in Republi
ean polittes, and for a number of years was cap
in of the ‘Twenty-ninth election district of the
Fifteenth Assembly district le was a veleran
of (he Civil War, having served with the Twenty-
second New York Volunteers. His widow, who
was Miss Kate Chapman, survives him

John A. Green, aged 74, for many years a re-
spected resident of Danbury, Conn., and one of
the old time hatters, died on Tuesday of heart
disease. He was of Huguenot descent, and his
family was among the very earliest setilers in
Danbur His great grandfather was 4 captain
in the Rewolutiouary Var Mr, Green was born
in New York city and there learned the trade of
hat making in the shop conducted by his father,
Avery Green, fifty years ago He was at one
time prominent in the political affairsof Danbury,
and for mauy years was a justece of the peace
He wasalso the chief of the Volunteer Fire Depart
ment. tle is survived by five children, William
Ro of Washington, Volney M., Frank V., Robert
It, and Mrs. Fred Gireen of Danbury

Edward ©. Beattie died on Tuesday at his
home, 105 Franklin avenue, Brooklyn, in bis
ninetieth year. He was born at New Dorp, S. i.,
and was descended from the orginal set
tlersqof the island, He bad been engaged in
the wholesale clothing business in New York
for more than half a century. He was an ardent
Republican and an actlve member of the Seventi
ward organization. He voted at the last primary
His widow, a son and a daughter survive him

Patrick Stack, an old-time prizefighter, dled
fn Fort Wayne, Ind, on Tuesday night at the
home of his daughter. He was 97 years old
He came to this country from Ireland fifty years
ago, bought a farm and settled down In Rich
mond, Ind. When a young man he was con
sidered one of the leading athletes of Ireland
He figured in many of the old ttme bare knuckle
fights, winning several battles here and on the
other side of the Atlantic

Mother Anastasia, Superior of the Order of
Sisters of St. Marys, in North America, is dead
at the convent in Lockport, N. Y., aged 75 years
Mother Anastasia was born in Belgium. She
was stationed at Montreal and later came to
Lockport. Last fall she celebrated the fiftieth
anniversary of her entry into the order

Garret Baldwin died on Tuesday at his home
8 Fighth avenue, Brooklyn, in his eighty fifth
year, The town of Baldwins, L. 1, was named
from his ancestors — His daughter, who survives
him, is the wife of Phil Dwyer, the well-known
horseman

Theodore G. Duckwitz, cashier of the Madge
burg Fire Insurance Company, died on Tuesday
at his home, 279 Henry street, Brooklyn, in his
sixty first venr. He was the treasurer of the Long
Island College Hospital. He was unmarried

Marriage Engagements.

Miss Carlotta Louise Cowing will be married
to the Rev, J, Morris Coen in Easter week at
St. James's Protestant Episcopal Church, of
which Mr, Coen ia the assistant rector,
Miss Cowing isthe daughter of Judge Rufus

B. Cowing of the Court of General Sessions

The wedding of Misa Sylvia Caesar and Dr,
Willlam Carpenter, U.S. N., will be celebrated
at St. James's Church, Madison avenue and
Neventy-first street, In Easter week, probably
on We nenday, April 18, The bride-slect is the
second daughter of Mrs. Herman Diedrich
Caesar and a granddaughter of th» late Capt
Jacob Vanderbilt, Commodore Vanderbilt's
brother. Dr. Carpenterta a son of Rear-Admiral
Carpenter and was with Admiral Dewey at
Manilo. . .

The marriage of Miss Millicent Duryea to
Ellery ©. Anderson will occur on Thuraday,
Feb. 15, at the home of the bride's parents,
Gen. and Mrs, Hiram Duryea, 80 Madison
avenue.

The engagement has just been announced of
Harry Raseovar to Miss Myra (. Louchelm,
rounmest daughter of James Loucheim of 22)

yest 120th street.

Robinson—Lee,

The marriage of Miss Ed¢wyna Louise Lee to
William Appebye Robinson took place yester-
day afternoon at St. George’s Church, Stuyves
sant Square, The Rev. Dr, William 8, Rains-
ford, the rector of the church, performed the
ceremony at 4 o'clock, and the bride wae given
ir. marriage by her uncle, Charles Heory Senff,
Miss Sallie Roe attended her as maid of honor,
and the Misses Matthiessen, Misa Bessie Lane
and Misa Muargeret Nicoll were the brides-
maids. Following them in the_ bridal proces-
sion were Master Henry C, Lee and Miss
Catherine Lee. Henry C. Lee was beat
man. ‘The bride, who lives at 127 East Twenty-
iret etreet, is a relative of the Havemeyer
family.

Callaghan—Sloat.

Minpierowy, N. Y., Jan, 24.—The marriage
of D, Walter Callaghan of Brooklyn and Miss
Louise Peyea Sloat, daughter of Mr. and Mrs,
J. Whitfleld Sloat, took place at the bride's
home at 6 o'clock to-night, Father McCarthy
ot Brooklyn officiating. The groom is
untor member of the firm of Parlato & Cal-
laghan. export merchants, with oMces at 18
Broadway, New York. Miss Marie Callaghan,
sister of the groom. of Brooklyn, was maid of
honor, and Willett Hall of New York, best
man. | Mr.and Mra, Callaghan left fora trip to
Florida to spend the winter months.

Lockwood—Manning.

Greenwicn, Conn., Jan., 24.—Miss Dalsy L,
Manning and Lloyd T. Lockwood of Ridge-

fleld were married here this evening, at 8
o'clock, at the home of the bride's aunt, Miss
M.J, Allen, by the Rev, Dr. Washington Choate
of New York. Guests were present from
Brooklyn. New York, New Hampshire, Dan-
bury, Wilton, Stamford and Ridgefield.

Piggott—Brady.

Danbury, Conn., Jan, 24.~ Former Congress
man James P. Piggott of Now Haven and Miss
Mary A. Brady were married at St. Peter's
parochial realdence tn thia city to-day by the
Rav. Father H. J. Lyneh, in the presence of a
few relatives.

 

Orr--Kernan,.

H. 8, Orr was married to Miss Kernan of 110
West Sixty-fourth street at the Hotel Majestic
yesterday ies
Canada May Put Fxport Duty on Nickel

Ore,

Toronto, Ont., Jan. 24.—A sub-committeo
ofthe Ottawa Federal Cabinet haa been ap-

pointed to consider the question of putting an
export duty ou nickel ore, It ta believed that
such Government action would compe! the
jarge American users of niekel matte to miu
ufaeture in Canada

Stops the Cough
and warks off the Cold.

Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablete cure @ cold in oue

day. No Cure, No Pay. Price 25¢.—Ady

 

25, 1900.

 
  

MOLINEUX TRIAL

TENTH JUROR HAS A SHARP ATTACK
Or RHKEUMATISN,

 

Retrial Unless He Gets Well--Trial Was
Adjourned Yesterday for One Day Only
but at the Juror’s House It Is Said That
Ho Certainly Will Not Be Out To-day.

Nocorder Goff adjourned yesterday the trial
of Roland B, Molineux for the murder of Mra
Katherine J., Adams because of the jllneas of
Manheim Brown the tenth juror.

When the morning session was called to or-
der at 10:30 o'clock the clerk entled the roll
and reported the juror’s ubsencs, The Be-
corder then sald:

“Thave reoeiveda teleg: am from Mrs, Prown,
the wife of the tenth Juror, inorming me that
her hueband isso illasto be unable to leave
hia bod. I will show it to counsel,”

The Recorder passed the telegramn ovor to the
District Attorney who passed it to the dofen-
dant’s counsel and the Recorder then said:

“In the absence of any deiinite information
from the physician who {s attending Mr,

Brown. the Court will say that, from its iufor-
ation derived from tho Captain of the Court
quad, itis not probable that Mr. Brown's ll-

ness will be serious or prolonged and the

Court therefore deems it proper to adjourn the

trial of the case until to-morrow morning at

hat past 10 o'elock.”

Juror Brown, it waa learned later, had a bad
attack of rheumatism, He had had a twinge
or two of it once or twice during the trial and
on Tuesaday nightas he was leaving the court
he had a severe attack. He went home and
went to bed, and his physician directed him to
stay in bed yesterday, i

It was said Jast night at. lis home, 211) West
Forty-fourth street, that Mr.Brown can’t come
to court to-day.

“He is ina bad way” was the report given to
THE SUN reporter, “He ts very feverish and is
troubled by his rheumatism aleo, He is so ill
that it would be simply suicidal for him to try
to go to court to-morrow and there is no telling
when he will be well enough to go.”

Nection 416 of the Code of Criminal Pro-
cedure, which would be applicable in case Juror
Brown's illness is long continued, reads as fol-

ows:

“Tf before the conclusion of the trial a juror
becomes sick $0 a8 to be Unable to perform his
duty the Court may order him to be discharged
sodanother jury to be then or afterward im-
panelled.”

In the case of the People against. Cancemi
reported in 18 New York it was decided under
this section “that trial must be had by twelve
Jurors and defendant cannot waive the right.”

Mr. Brown's attack is said to be due in part
at leasttothe long confinement in the court
while the trial has been going on and to the
bad ventilation of the court room. Yesterday
was the seventieth day since the trial began

nd every day the vourtroorn has been crowded

he result has been that the air in the court
room has become foul toward the end of each
seasion. and it has been necessary to raise the
windows in the court room, This has been
done whether the weather has been warin or
cold, damp or dry. ilu addition to the raising
of the windows the room has been alred by
means of an arrangement at the top of one of
the windows. This window_has been down
from the top and # box-like effair built around
if is supposed to out off the dranght. Never-
theless there is always a little dranght from
this window, and ft blows right down on the
jury box

The adjournment yesterday was not unwel-
coms to either the court or the jury or the de-
fenes, all of whom arecomplaining of the strain
of the constant grind of the trial,

CHICAGO CODDLES

 

ST, LOUIS,

Invites a Delegation to Come Upto See the
Drainage Canal—Dewey to Ride on It.

Cureaco, Jan. 24.—A forma! invitation to the
Mayor and other officials and many leading
citizens of St. Louis to come up “to inspect the
Drainage Canal aud have a general good time”
will be mailed to-morrow, The belief is gen-
eral that much of the opposition to the
canal entertained by St, Louis men Is due toa
lack of knowledge regarding the real econdi-
tions and the invitation is extended with
the hope that it will be aecepted so that oppor-
tunity may be given to prove that the water in
the Chicago River is not as black as it has been
pictured, nor as dangerous to human life as the
average St, Louis man now thinksit is. The
Drainage Canal trustees and city officials are
planning an entertainment on alarge scale for

their prospective St. Louis guests. There will
be atrip by boat throughthe canaland river
anda dinner to be followed byaball, Speeches
will be made by local spellbinders who are cal-
culated to make their visiting listeners sorry
they ever said anything derogatory of Chicago
or ita river.

Great plans are being entertained by the
Sanitary Trustees and by the Dewey Commit.
tee for the proposed trip of the Admiral down
the drainage canal on the oceasion of his visit

 

 

herein May, The Jul will be his flagship
and there will come behind him a tleet of
smoking tugs and launches, These will be

built to represent gunboats and cruisers. They
will be decorated with fags and the explosion
of giant freerackers will be a faint reminder of
the guns in Manila Bay, The Dewey Commit-
tee says that the voyage on the raging eanal, it
taken, will be made a great ale occasion,
“one of the biggest events Chicago has ever
seen,” °

 

WOMAN THIEF A PAUL'S PREY,
Throng of Her Acquaintances tn Court to
Enjoy Her Debut in a New Kole.

Minnie Brooks was heldinthe West Fiftys
fourth street polica court yesterday in $1,000
bail for examination on the charge of stealing
from Annie Rock, of 226 West Thirty-seventh
street, jewelry whichthe Rock woman valued
at $1,500. Both complainant and prisoner are
Tenderloin pickpockets, whose pictures are in

the rogues’ gallery. They went out together
fora drive in a cab several nights ago, winding
up in asaloonin Seventh avenus. Some time
in the course of the night the Rock woman
missed her pins and rings and also her come
prion, The Brooks woinan was arrested on
seventh avenue soon afterward, Those of
their female acquaintances who didn’t have to
go to courtas prisoners flocked there volune
tarily yesterday to enjoy the novelty of seeing
one of their set appear in the role of eomplain-
ant.

Abbey’s

(‘THE ‘SALT’ OF SALTS")

Will Prevent
Grippe.

 

      
     
   
   
  

This is the time of the
year When you should
fortify yourself against
grippe. Abbey's Effer-
vescent Salt will do it.
Dr. Wright, of Lon-

don, says :

    
     
   
   
   
       
          
       
           
       
        
        
      
     

An Excellent Preparation,

T have great pleasure in bear-
Ing testimony to your excellent
preparation, I may say by its
continuous use during a terrible
epidemic of La Grippe 1 escaped
an attack, although often worn out
by the extra fatigue and great strain
put Upon me when grappling with
a Ped the blood cool and
ailays fever’ Dr. WH. Wright,
1.RC.P.T, LM, MRA SE. be
.A.1., Medical Ofticer of itealth
London, England ;

Take a teaspoonful in

a glass of water every

morning before break-
fast,

There are some people who newer do

anything untilthey haveto Won't be

one of them, Take care of your healt

while you have it. Ketain it by the
daily use of Abbey's Effervescent Salt.

At druggists’,  26¢.,
50c. and $1 per bottle.

Send two ect. stainps, to pay
postage and packing, and we
will mail you one of the most
dainty and beautiful colored

calendar creations of the year

The Abbey Effervescent Salt Co.,
Dept. G,13 Murray st., New York.

USED DAILY, GIVES HEALTH.

     

HALTED. |

———

from every side,
why they prefer

Why is it the
for family use ?

and also because
than out of any others.

Rn rene Lo ae tert eos

The Age of Inquiry.

The present has been described as pre-eminently
the century of inquiry.

The constant and universal question that is echoed

  

is **Why?" Ask any of your friends
Van Houten's Cocoa to any other,

and one will immediately tell you * it has the highest
nutritive value ;”
digested and assimilated than other cocoas;” and a
third will probably answer “ it is perfect in tlavor, and
rich in stimulating healthy properties.”

In reply to the question ‘Why ?” The Lancet says :—~
** Van Houten’s Cocoa yields a maximum proportion
of the valuable food constituents of the bean,”

another will reply ‘* it is more easily

best for children, for mothers, and

Because it is rich in that digestible Albumen which
nourishes the body, and in the Phosphates which
build up bones and tissues; because it repairs wastes

you can get out of it more strength and nourishment

BE SURE YOU TRY

VAN HOUTEN’S Eating CHOCOLATE

 

THE BROOKLYN REVIVAL,

Rev, Dr, Dixon Says It Is Specially Directed
Against Unitarianism,

The Rev. Drs. Broughton and Pierson each
took part in the noon-day revival service in
Association Hall in
this arrangement will be continued for the re-
mainder of the week. Next week Dr, Person
will have charge of the downtown noon meet-
ing and Dr. Broughton will bo chief exhorter
at similar meotings to be inaugurated in Will-
iamsburg. This is apart of what Dr, Brough-
ton said yesterday ’

“Every reformation that is not built on Jesus
Christ will touch the bottom sooner or later.
A minister in preaching the gospe! has the
right to bring it to bear on every phase of life,
and Tam trying to do it, and am not afrald of
being cartooned as a sensationalist tor doing it

“Jesus Christ is the only hope for the saliva.
tion of men. Lreafirm this morning that
without Jesus Christ there is no hope outside
of hell
of God calls Jesus Christ himself a jiar, and
casts away the only hope of salvation.”

There was another immense Rather ing at the
Centra! Baptist Chureh last night, Dr, Brough-
ton making the chief address,

The Key, Dr. A. C, Dixon, pastor of the Han-
son Place Baptist Church, who is taking an ac-
tive interest in the revival, declared yesterday
that the movement was
against Unitarianism. “If there are any Uni-
tariana in my ehureh,” he said, “I would invite
them to get out or else try to convert them,”

Twenty-one Williamsburg clergymen met
yesterday afternoon in the Lee Avenue Conus
gregational Church and completed arrange-
ments for extending the revival work in Brook-
Wn tothat section of the borough. The Rev,
John F, Carson presided. At the conclusion of
the meeting the Rey, ht. 8. Dawson, the Secre-
tary. stated that it had been decided to hold re-
vival services in Williamsburg as suggested
hy the Central Committee in charge of the
Brooklyn work,

HELD FOR KILLING HER CHILD,

Woman in Jail in Hoboken on a Charge of
Infanticide,

Mrs. Elen Wileox of Second street,
Hoboken, was committed without bail to the
Hudson County Jail yesterday by Acting
Recorder Laverty on the charge of having
caused the death of her infant child, The
woman is known also as Mrs, Krane, or Krange,
and Mrs, Smith, At 1:30 o'clock yesterday
morning William Monsees of 115 Grand street
told Police Commissioner Michael Lally that
he had seen a dead ehild in Mrs. Wil-
cox's apartments, Monsees said that he

met the woman in a saloon at First and
Grand streets. Two policemen were sent to
the house and found the body of a male child
lying in a bed ina room on the third floor. The
body was greatly discolored and there was a
mark around the neck. Bloodstains were on
the sheets, There was also a blood-stained
towel on the washstand. A woman's garter
which had been cut in two, was found in the
ved,

Laterthe woman was found on the street and
locked up at Police Headquarters, She told
Acting Recorder Laverty. yesterday morning
that her child had died from) convulsions,
Monsees testifled that the woman told him
that the child had died on Tuesday morning
When he asked her why she did not report the
death tothe authorities she replied that sho
dit not know what to do,

William Setp, landlord of the house where
the woman lived, said that she rented the
room on Jan. 13. She was with a man and
gave her name as Mrs. Krane or Kranee. The
soliee records show that a woman named Mrs,
Nilcox gave birth toa child in a lodging house
at 412 Hudson street on Nov. 18) She then
said that her husband had deserted her.

City Physician Arlitz said that the child's
body bore evidences of hemorrhages from the
pose and ears, An autopsy will be held.

  

CREDITORS OF E, J. WOOLSEY,

They Want to Reopen the Settlement of His
Will in Queens County.

 

Certain unpaid creditors of Edward J, Wool-
sey, formerly of Astoria, who died in Novem-
ber, 180, are seeking through Surrogate
Noblo in the Queens County Surrogate’s Court
to have the settlement of the estate reopened
in order that they may collect thelr unpaid
bills. Mr. Woolsey left to his, wife, Kate T,
Woolsey, allof his property. Mr, Woolsey in-
herited from his mother, Emily P. Woolsey
several large tracts of land in Astoria, inelud-
Ing the tract recently acquired by the Astoria
Light, Heat and Power Company, Mr. Wool-
sey'a first wife obtained a divorea, and Mr.
Woolsey married the present Mra. Woolsey,
who was from Covington, Ky. Partly in fulfl)-
ment of an ante-nuptial agreement, it is sald,
Mr. Woolsey, in February, 1804, deeded to his
bride nearly all of his realestate holdings in
Astoria, the consideration named being $10.
Later Mrs. Woolsey conveyed a traet to the
Casino Land Company, of which sho is a Diree-
tor, for $2,000,000, and a big tract was also
conveyed to Mrs, Woolsev’s brother, Robert 7
Trumble, in consideration of his paying ce
tain legacies made by Mr. Woolsev's mother tn
her will, The hearing which was begun at
Jamaica yesterday, was continued,

  

TIST MAN JABBED WITH A BAYONET,

Accident Oceurred at the Review Held by
Gen. Hawkins.

Aa the Seventy-lirst Regiment was being re-

S. A, retired, its brigade
war with Spain, Private
f Company G received a buy-
The regiment stood
at right shoulder when tho Colonel's voice rang
out “Charge, bayonets: In. exeeuting the
order the man behin 1 Kohn jabbed him in the
neck and almost Knoeked him off his feet, No
f

Hawkins, U
1 the

H,
commander
Sinclair Kubn «
onet wound in the neek

)

 

ne in the throng which was watehing the re-
view saw the mishap. Kahn: reeled for a
moment, but straightened himself and

tried toremain tabs plaee. The pain was so
great, however, that he had to retire.
wound was dressed by Surgeon E,
Marsh

fhisisone of the rarest of accidents among
soldiers, Some of the officers at the review
sali they had never heard ofa similar case.

 

Col, Sanger Can't Command the 35d.

since the retirement of Col

Maxis C, &mith

Brooklyn, Col

has been most favorably discussed by the offl-
cers a8 his probable successor, Yesterday (ol,
sanger announced that as his home ts now in
Oneida eolunty be eould not possibly aceent
the command of the regiment. Col. Willis Joo
Ogden is now strongly supported for the place.

entoin

 

 

Loaded Prison Van Upset in Brooklyn.

The prison van from Raymond Street Jail in
Brooklyn, with fourteen oeeupants on the way
' the COVdJTLe, Was upset vesterday morning at
Witloughby and Fieet atreets, through the
breaking of a wheel The wrecked wagon ob-
structed the trolley tracks until another ar-
rived from the jail and the prisoners
transferred to it. The only persap injured was
Joe Evans, the drivur, who was brulsud. .

 

Brooklyn yesterday and |

specially directed |

viewed at its armory on Tuesday night by Gen, |

His |
os

from the command ofthe Twenty-third Kegt- |
William Cary Sanger |

were |

 

IS HEALTHFUL!:

A Natural Mineral Water

with medicinal qualities,

For Indigestion and
Stomach Disorders.

So-called VICHY
IN SYPHONS,

ISNOT WECH'Y

Get the Genuine

VICHY

CELESTINS

LAND FOR NEW BROOKLYN BRIDGER

 

VICHY

  
   

  

Bitte
al

He who denies that Christ is the Son |

 

 

 

Map Filed Showing the Property to Be

Taken tor Approaches,

The Board of Public Improvements received
from Bridge Commissioner Shea yesterday
alternoon a map showing, in outline, the prope
erty which will have to be condemned for the
towers, anchorage and intermediate sections
of the proposed East River bridge between
Brooklyn and Manhattan. According to the
map, alarge amount of valuable property wil!
have to be aequired. The terminals of tha
bridge have already been located, the Manhate
tan terminal being at Pike slip and the Brooke
lyn terminal being at the foot of Washington
} street. The War Department now has thé
plans under advisement.
| ‘The map shows that for the Brooklyn termi-
nal the entire block bounded by Washington,
Adams and l’lymouth streets and the river
will be needed, besides the pier property of the
Moquin-Offerman- Heissenbuttel Coal Come
pany. This block isnowtaken upby the yards
of the coal company. Besides this there must
bea acquired the south end of the block bounded
by Plymouth, Pearl, Water and Adams streets,
the north end of the bloek, bounded oy Adams
Washington, Water and Plymouth streets, and
the entire block bounded) by Adams, Water,
Front and Pearl streets. This is the block in
which the anchorage will be

In Manhattan the property
will {nelude the north end ofthe blo*k bpunded

by Monroe, Cherry. Market and Pike streets;

 

 

to be acquired

the north end of the block bounded by Pike
slip, Cherry, Water and Market streets and tha
f the block bounded by Pike slip,
Heekers

north end
Water, South and Market streets,
Fiour mills oeeupy one of these blocks, The
piers to be taken will be Nos. 40 and 41. Pier
40 18 thatof the New Bedford line and Pier 4t
is used for a dump by the Department of Street
Cleaning, The map was referred to the topo.
graphical engineer.

STRIFE IN THE ARCUDEACONRY,

Movement Toward Incorporation Spoken
of as *'Real Estate Speculation.”

The first meeting this year of the Arche
deaconry of the Protestant Episcopal Church
of Queens and Nassau counties was held yes-
terday afternoon in St. John’s Church at Long
Island City, The Right Rey, A. N, Littlesoling
Bishop of the Diovese of Long Island, presided.

| @ Webster Pock, Secretary to the Arche
| deaconry and Chairman of the Executive
| Committes, read a report from his committee
advocating the incorporation of the Arche
deaconry under the laws of the State of New

York, so that, as a corporation, it could
acquire and hold tithe to real estate,
| This recommendation was made because
of the frequent offers of gifts of

property tothe Archdeaconry, which eould not
be accepted, as the members dil not know
whether they could legally acquire title to
property, Twoofthe members made speechs
condemning such @ proceeding as the incore
poration of the Archdeaconry. They chars
acterized the probable outeome ot such an
| action as “real estate speculation.” A compros
mise was effected by the passing of aresolution
providing thatthe Executive Comiittee mak@
uw further report at the next meeting, which
will be held in April, and that property offered
to the Arehdeaconary, inthe meantime, be ace
vepted by the Kev. Henry bh. Bryan, Arche
deacon, to be held in trust by the Archdeavonry.

 

ciry Mus? pay THEM,
Big Judgment for Old Long Istand City
Improvement Cammission Employers.

) Supreme Court Justice Garretson, in Long
Island City yesterday, handed down a decision
awarding to eight employees of the oid General
Improvement Commission in Loug Island City

 

  

two years’ salaries, with interest and costs,
| amounting in all to about $45,000, In his dee
cision Justice Gairretson set forth that the Inve
provement Comimiss was merged into the
official government of New York city and that
the claimants were still praetical mployees

 

r been discharged,

 

The claimants. are John A. Allen, ehiet
draughtaman; Harry Hastings James Robins
son, John Monaghan. Joseph Ciraham, FP,
Cruger, William MeSulty aut Thomas Mara

Vire Chief Croker's Wife Not Out of Dangers

The eondition of Mra, Edward F. Croker,
wife of the Fire Chief, was reported as cone
siderably Improved last night. The physicians
said thatthe poeumonia with which she nas
been suffering for the last w dave hal not
yet reached the erlsis, however, and that she
was by no means out of danger

 

 

ey

22
CG

 
 

$

Sick headache. Food doesn'tdi-
pest well, appetite poor, bowels con-
stipated, tongue coated, It's your
| liver! Ayer’s Pills are liver pills,
easy and safe. They cure dyspep-
sia, biliousness. 25c, MADE

‘

 

 

ee

sn