PAYN'S FATE IS SETTLED.

7 RENATE WILL CONFIRM HIS
SUCCESSOR NEXT WELK,

A Caucus Will Bo Held and the #7 Keoeb-
licans, Except Ambler, Will Siand by
the Governor This Binte ot Affairs
Brought About by the State Loaders,

ALBANY, Jan, 24.—State Superintendent of

Ynsurance Louls F. Payn will be succeeded on

Feb. 12 by a new Superintendent of Ineurance,

who {s to be nominated by Gov. hoosevelt

and confirmed by the State Senate next
week, The name of the man who will be
pominated to succeed Mr, Payn will not
be divulged by tho Governor until Mon-
day night, when the nomination will be
sent tothe Kenate. At the conference tn New

York last Katurday morning Gov. Roosevelt

asked Senator Platt and Chairman Benjamin

B. Odell of the Republican State Committee to

aid him in his efforts to secure the confirma-

tion by the Senate of a successor to Mr. Payn.

Up to that time Senator Platt and Mr, Odell

had frequently discussed with Gov, Roosevelt

the problem presented in turning Mr. Payn
out of office,
The result of tho recent conference was that

Chairman Odell yesterday informed Gov,

Roosevelt that Senator Platt and himself

would ald him fn securing the confirmation by

the Benate of a successor to Mr. Payn. Pre-

‘vious to this action on the part of the Republi-

ean State leaders there was much doubt in the

minds of those familiar with the situation as to
whether the Governor could secure sufficient

Demoeratio votes to meet the defection Iu the

ranks of the Republican Senators upon the

question of the confirmation of Mr, Payn'ssuc-
cessor, As itis, it isexpocted that the Gover-
nor’s nomination will be confirmed by Repub-
fean votes, and, that, as the result of a caucus,
which will be held next Tuesday or Wednes-
day, all of the twenty-seven Republican Sena-

tors, with the exception of Senator Ambler of
Chatham, Mr, Payn’s home, will agree tostand by
the Governor. Tregnasus is to be called for the
purpece of holding saveral Republican Sena-

ors who are personally friendly to Mr, Payn
and would vote againet the Governor's bom inee
df not bound by caucus action.

Allalong the Governor has been absolutely
gure of eighteen Kepublican votes, but thought

e might secure a few more votes if the Re-
pabtican Fanatore were brought together in

aucus, Without the afd ofthe Kepublican State

aders anda Kepublican caucus it wasthought
the Governor would require the votes of from
five to eight Democratic Senators in order to

onfirm his nominee, If the Republican State

paders had not approved of Gov, Roose-
velt's endeavor to replace Mr. Payn it is
not believed thut the necessary Democratia
votes could have been secured toconfirm the
Governor's. choice, as several Democratic
Benators whom the Governor depended upon
would have failed him at. the critical moment
and caused the defeat of his candidate, The
#tand taken by the Republican State leaders,
however, renders unnecessary the Governor's
reliance upon Democratic Renators.

Mr. Vayn was surprised when he learned
that he would not have the support of Senator
Piatt, upon which he has rested the strength
of dis Nght against the Governor, and declared
hat while he was a eure winner if Senator

“Jatt stood by him he was not discouftited by
the decided turn affairs had taken

The Governor will send to the Senate the
pene ofaman to sugeved Mr Payn who has

wen Inelnded in the list of possible nominees
talked about during the past few weeks
This list includes former Renators Charles
Davis of — Ulster, . Persons of
Buffalo_ and Cuthbert W. Pound of Ithaca;
former Mayor George b. Green of Binghamton ;
Judge James A. Bianchard of New York city,
and Judge Charles T, Saxton of the Court of
Claims. The anpointment was offered to the
Hon. Francis Hendricks of +yracuse some
time ago, but he declined it, It isstated that
the Repub!ican leaders wil! urge him to recon-
sider his declination, If he ehould he eould
ecure the appointment. The man to be named
fina been agree! upon by Senator Plattand his

epublican confreres. The Governor has said
that either ex-Senator Davis or ex-Senator

ereons would be acceptable to him as the
head of the Insurance Department.

There hag beep ageneral misunderstanding
asto when Mr. Payn’s teri of offlee expires,
The general impression has been that it would
endon Feb. 8. The records of the Secretary

{ Btato and of the appointment clerk inthe

xecutive Chamber show that Mr, Pavu's term
will expire Op Sunday, Feb. 11, and that his
successor, to be named by Gov, Roosevelt, will
take offles on Feb, 12.

THE ANNUAL APPROPRIATION

Xt Carries a Total of %16,787,724, an In-
crease of 50,000 Over Last Year's Bill,

ALBANY, Jan. 24.~The Assembly Ways and
Meane Committee this afternoon discussed the
annual appropriation bill, and will report {tout
to-morrow,

The Appropriation bill last year carried the
eum of $16,417,073. In addition thereto, tor
purposes which are fixed charges of the State
each year, there were items in tho Supply bill
for $310,000, making a total for the fixed
chargos of the Statu last vear of $16,727,073,
In the drafting of tho General Appropriation
Dill for the year 1900 these items, amounting
° 10,000, which appeared in the Supply
Dill last year, have been Ineluded in the
Appropriation bill this year, aud the total
seygest carried by the Appropriation — bill

his year Is $16,787,724, which

hows an increase! expenditure of about

90,000, but it was necessary to add ina single
item $45,000 for the increased expenses of the
courts, an item of over $60,000 increase made
poceeenry by the Franchise Tax law, and the

Increased number of patients In the State in-
ane asylums compelled an increase of over

36,000, so that but for these three items the

peropriation bill would show a saving of over

BIITL,

 

 

EDUCATIONAL EXHIBIT IN PARIS,

Complete View of the Present Etucational
Activity In the United States,

ALBANY, Jan, 24.—Announcement was mate
to-day by the Department of Education and
Boeial Economy of the completion of what
eonsidered one of the most important features
of the educational exhibit of the United States,
to be made at the aris Exposition. Thisisa
two-volume work entitled “Education in the
United States,” which has been planned aud

is

dited by Prof. Nicholas Murray Butler of
Olum bia University,
The work consists of nineteen monographs,

 

ach prepared by an eminent specialist, which,

ken together. give 4 complete view
{ the present educational activity of

nited States, Nothing approaching this wor
fn completeness or in scientific character has
ever before been attempted. it is prop
present au edition of handsomely bound
numbered coples of the work to the ley
governments, public litraries and educath
institutions of the world. The public genor-
ally will have an opportunity to purchase copies
of tho work at a very moderate price, asthe de

and for it will bo too great to permit of its
ree distvibution,

and
Vier

  
   

  

TEACHERS SAL airy

President Seth Low Favors the Bord Bin,
Which Provides for the Issue of Bonds,

ALBANY, Jan. 4o-Vresident w of
Columbia University has written a letter to
Benator Ford tavorog the Se School
Emergency bill, whieh provides for the issue
of bonds by New York city to raise the m
mecessary te pay the sehoo! teachers’ salary
arrearages in Queens and Richmond boroughs
Mr. Low, as & member of the Greater \ew

York Charter Commis had ma ta da
with the crafting of the edueational chapter of
the Charter, He tavora the Ford bill because
he objects to a Tundameutal change in the
charter to meot the present energeney us con.
templated by the Grady-Coler til]

ARRLAL:

‘.

Seth Ts

ators

 

neve

sion, i

 
 
 
 

  

President Low will endeavor to present
next Tuesday alternoon at the joi wari
to be given by the CitiesConimittecs of the Sen.

ate and Assembly bon the bills jiteoduced by
Senators Ford and Elsberg reorganizing the
New York city school administration,

¢ vlleetions Under the Liquor Tax Law.

Aruany, Jun. 24.—The report of the Stat
Fxcise Commissioner Lyman for the fseal
year ending Sept, 30 last shows: Total co'-
lections, Sl2045,502; County Treasurers
foow, $01,944; leaving © vet balance for the

fiscal yearof $12,582,248. Of this amount the
brates share was S4.000,251, andthe shure of
the cities and towns SSj0L017, The statisties
of arrests for drunkenness and public intoxi-
cation have been compiled for the tseal your
and show @ decrease as compared with previ-
ous years under tho present law or under the
operation_of the old excise law Yhis decrease
since 1805 ia 12,000, or L4 per cant the per-

 

centage being only a little loss rhas the per- |

centage of decrease to drinking places,

Signed by the Governor,

Gov, Roosevelt has signed

AD BANY, Jan, 24

 

 

the following laws

My. heisey's levaliving a sp cial election held at
Lim Jvingston county, to vor an issuance of
bogds Bor water works.

*s, incorporating Fawad ©, Carpenter

otby and C, Colgate with aduitional
ot to exceed four, e# tristees of the Dodge
Jund of Colgate University,

the |

sedto}

 

|

|

 

 

 

GRAND JURY Qt
About the B, RB, T. Seandal and the Es.
caped Walter or Willis Rosser.

District Attorney Gardiner spent over an
hour yesterday with the January Grand Jurys
which had a great many sharp questions to
ask, The questions were 60 hard to answer
that Col. Gardiner sent for nis chief assistant,
Mr. Melntyre, who was Acting District Attorney
during the Colonel's abeenee, to help bim vut.
Besides some wuestions on the Brooklyn Rapid
Transit presentment, which bas been kept out
ofthe present Grand Jury's hands, there were
other questions about the publication of the
indictment for felonious assault found against
Walter or Willis Rosser before the indictment
was fled jn court, Rosser isthe young medi-
cal student who shot Frederick Slater in Madi-
son Square Garden on Dee, 20 and was dis-
charged by Magistrate Pool because the com-
plainant failed to appear, Then Rosser was
indicted, but he had not waited to be arrested
again and he has not been arrested, The
Grand Jury seemed to think that there was
some leak in the District Attorney's office.
Col. Gardiner pleadéd absence through Illness.
The Grand Jury wag assured that the case of
Rosser was not the first case ia which news of
an indictment had leaked and probably would
not be the last.

With this consoling view of the future the
Grand Jury turned to tho Brooklyn Rapid
Transit presentment. Judge MeMahon’s {n-
structions tothe Grand Jury totake the vre-
sentment under consideration was held up to
the District Attorney, who explained again
thata Special Grand Jury had Leen called to
consider the matter because of the length of
time such eonsideration would necessitate. An

echo of the dispute over the presentment was
heard {n Judge MeMahon’s court room hen
the Grand Jury reported at] o'clock the Dis-
trict Attorney addressed the Court and the
Grand Jurymen as follows:

“At the opening ofthe term your Honor re-
ferred to the Grand Jury @ presentment from
the previous Gran Jury, with reference to cer-
taln stock operations alleged to come within
the provisions of the Penal Code, aud reterre
fo the fact that the District Attorney woul
present evidence in connection with the alleged
misdoings in duetime, Of course, my office Is
bpota geveral detective burean and has to rely
on other sources for information and as yet fa
not ready to present evidence, The Grand Jury
has felt that, following the iostructions of the
Court, it ought to niake some inquiry if the
evidence were available, 1 do not, however,
expect to have the evidenee for several days,
Kvidence has been promised me, however,
When the matter is ready for the consideration
of the Grand Jurymen, {t will probable occupy
thelr attention for w month or six weeks; [
cannot tell how long. [ am not ready to pro-
ceed as yet; if Lwas | woul.”

“The Grand Jury will take into considera-
tion the matter referred to at any time you are
ina position to bring the alleged offence to
this or any other Grand Jurys attention,”
said Judge Me Mahon,

“Our position with reference to the present.
ment made by the pending Grand Jury and
committed to us by vour Honor,” explained
Foruman James 8. Curry of the Grand Jury,
“is that we endeavored to follow your Honor's
instructions an! we wanr to stand right with
your Honor. The District Attorney has in-
formed us that he is not ready to lav testi-
nony relating to the maiter before us.”

"There is hardly occasion for that,’ re-
sponded Judge MeMahon, “I understand the
matter very Well,’

Oo. M, CARTER CAN'T GO FREDP,

Appellate Court Dismisses the Habeas Core
pus Proceeding to Save Him From Prison,

The United States Circuit Court of Appeals
has affirmed the order made by Judge Lacombe
ofthe United States Circuit Court fn October
jast dismissing the writ of habeas corpus in
the case of Oberlin M, Carter, formerly Captain
of Engineers in the United States Army, and

approving the sentence of the courtemartial
in charge of

Carter, Who was disbursing ofMfeer
improvements in Savannah harbor and Cum-
berland Sound, was couvicted of conspiracy,
causing fraudulent claims to be made against
the United States, conduct unbecoming an
oMeer and a geatloman,aud embecziement, and
was sentenced to four punishments: $5,000
tine, dismissal! from the Army, degradation and
imprisonment Joriive yerrs in Fort Leaven-
worth, han. All punishments except the ime
prisonment have been undergone apd tho writ
of habeas corpus alleged that the imprison-
ment pursuant to the sentence of the court-
martial was untlay and that the prisoner
could be santenced only to fine “or” imprison.
ment. Judges Wallace and Shipman held that
courts-nartial have planavy Jurisdiction and
however erroneous their proceedings may be,
they cannot be reviewed collaterally or ree
dressed by habeas corpus

“When properly constituted and convened,’
wrote Judge Wallace, “a court-martial has
jurisdiction tohear and determine the ques-
tion whether the accused is guilty of any or the
offences created by the Articles of War. The
is fon necessarily includes the authority
1 v.
"The Supreme Court has Ceciled that the
sentence, when confirmed by the President, is
altogether beyond the jurisdiction of, or in-
quiry of, any civil tribunal whatever, unless it
shall bein acase in which the court had no
jurisdiction over the subject matter or charge,
orone in whieh, having jurisdiction over the
subject, it has fatled to observe the rules pre-
scribed by stature for its exercise. Having
found the relator to be guilty of
two offences the court was empowered by the
statutes to puuish him as (to one by flne and as
totha other by imprisoument. The sentence

 

 

  

  
 

 
  
 

 

   

 

waa notin exce its authority. * * * Je
is also prop that Congress can, if it
sees fit, cary wo or more offences from a
single criminal transaction and impose eumn-
lative punishments for the differcnt offences

and tithe courtenartial convicted the
yyoof-everal offences for a singic er{minal
transaction it did not transcend neesssa
the pow conferred by the sixtieth article
Phe appellant hus urged the proposition that

 

revat

 

  
 
 
 
 

 

   

   
    

   

the relator, having been dismissed from the
servic yt ther amendable to mili-
If by this it is meant to be said
niger lawhulivy in custody
fimoprisonment, we think
the propo ot sufticlent color of merit
to require
Cart | to the United States
Supreme Court v examination of the Gay-
bors i} Grean, uncer an indietment for ecom-
pls in the same frauds, went on before
nited States Commissioner Shields yesterday,
but was noteoncluded, Dantel 8. Lamont, who,
it had been said, would be called as a witness

for the defence, is notto be valled,

CIRRIAGE SM tS IN SINTH AVENCE,

Mrs. BE. B. Seamnn Badly Hart and Her
Brougham Wreeked,

The hubs of a pewspaper wagou and a
brougham, in which was Mrs, Fgbert bi. Sea-
man of 78 Park avenue, the wile of a livery
stuble proprietor, clashed in Sixth avenue,
near Sevent h street, y erday morning
eausing the brougham toswerve outtoward the
tracks The collision frightened the horses

and they plunged oeross the avenue, dashing
the curriage against on elevated railroad piliar
and throwing Prelerick Childs, the coachman,
trom his box into thestrest, Charles Kearney
of 408 West Porty-Seventh street rushed from
the sidewalk and seized the horses by the head
before they could ran furthei

The body of the curriaga Was completed de-
molished, and when Mrs, Seaman was taken
outotthe sch it was feared that she was dead,
Ambulanes Surgeon Ciark of the New York
Hosp tal found that sho wes only unconscious,
though severely Injured. Later, at the hospital,
heriujuries were diagnosed as concussion ofthe
brain and possibly a fracture of the skull, She
recovered consciousness later and it was said
lust night that she was out oft ‘anger

Childs, who lives at No, 16 East 105th street,

 

 

     

  

was found to have a fracture of the left thigh-
bone and flesh wounds on_ his faee and fore-
urms. He wasolso (akon to the New York Hos-
vita rhe hors aud what was left of the

roucham were taken toa nearby livery stable,
The horees come out of the collision without

even a serateh,

A Bill

Commillee,

Atpany, J 24. The
ommended by the Mazet Committee, and one
of the most iniportantof the number, will be
reported favorably tothe Assembly to-morrow

Maret Commniitioe Comes Oat of

first of the bills rece

 

 

   

by the Code Committee, It is the bill
introduced by Mr, Fallows, for the commit.
tee, giving Legislative conimittees in the future

Judicial auth
testimony,

rity When empowered to take
! it is expressly designed to
enable a Legislative committee to punish all
witnesses for contompt, the same as any court,
withont having to report e¢ ntempt cases to
the Legislature for punishment, where a wit-
ness fenores the powers of the committee.
Tho bill was taken up th exeeutive session by
the committer this afternoon, and came out
quite unexpectedly

 

  

Boy of Pourteen Asphyatated.

 

 

Spent TeLD, Mass, Jan. 24.~Grover Cargill,
aged 14, wus asphyxiated in bed last night
at the Imperial Hotel, Chicopee Falls, the gas

being turned on at full head. William Bren.
nan, aged 24, his roomemate, was found une
conscious but recovered

 

tops the Congh
an@}works off the Cold,

  

Laxative Bro

oQuinine Tablets cure a cold
day. NoCure, = CoP

No Pay. Price 25¢,-Ady,

 

‘asus GARDINER, TH E

ee nilnninpaeeinmtcceeinecainsiasi sailed caiiaiinateaaitaghatiiigss iiss iasiininainlititahaianalamteietinaaitanaateitiasasaieninininiatminclinsiatitaaiéiiieel .
- .
Nene eee eee esas

THE SUN, THURSDAY

————

“ALBANY LAWMAKERS,

RAINES LIQUOK TAX LAW,

 

HIN Tnereasing the Powers and Salaries of
Borough Presidents — Anti-Oleomargar-
ine Resolution—A Bill Passed Increas-
ing Col, Grifftth’s Salary to 85,000,

ALBANY, Jan, 24.~A covert attack upon the
operation of the Raines Liquor Tax law 1s con-
tained in a bill introduced to-day by Senator
Mackey (Dem,) of Buffalo, It provides that
where a Iiquor tax certificate is owned bya
person or corporation other than the saloon-
keeper, under a power of attorney or assign-
ment, no Violation of the Jaw on the part of the
saloonkeeper shal! bar a recovery of a rebate
on euch certificate when surrendered by the
person holding the power of attorney or assign-

ment.

Under the law as it stands when a saloon-
keeper violates the jaw, the certificate ls can-
celled and no rebate in allowed, A large num-
ber of liquor tax certificates aro purchased by
the brewers for saloonkeepers they set up In
business, the brewers retaining contro! of the
certificates under a power of attorney, If the
Mackey bill should beeome a law, it would
allow the saloonkeeper !n such cases to violate
the law at will, without the surrendering to
the Btate of the cash value of the certificate.
Another provision of the bill reduces from $10
to 50 cents the fee for transferring 4 certifi-
cate from one place of business to another,
This fee last year brought $32,000 Into the
Btate Treasury, which would be reduced to
$1,600 under Senator Mackoy’s amendment.
Senator Ambler and Assemblyman Witter
to-day Introduced an anti-oleomargarine reso-
Intton in each house, which under the rules
went over, It requests Congress to pass 4 law
providing that whenever any dairy or food
products are imported from one State into an-
otherorfromany territory of the United Btates
into another State or territory that such goods
immediately upon coming into such State or
territory shall become subject to the laws of
such State or territory to the same extent and
iu the same manner as though they had been
manufactured within such State or territory
and shall not be exempt therefrom by reason
ot the fact that they wero imported
or brought in in the original importers,
In the Assembly an amendment to the reso-
Jution offered by Mr. Green, instructing the
Attorney-General to procead to collect penalties
due the State by reason of the violation of the
auti-oleomargarine law, was laid over for con-
sideration with the original resolution.
Senator Coggeshall to-day introduced a bill
rec voing the price of gas in Utiea from $1.75
to $1.

The Assembly to-day passed Mr. Alids’s bill
giving the New York Btate Commisstoners to
the Paria Exposition authority to increase the
salary of its secretary, Col, Wm. M. Grifitha,
from £2,500 to $5,000 a year,

The Senate Citles Committee to-day reported
favorably Senator Elaberg’s bill empowerin
New York city to expend $200,000 to equip an¢
change the east extension and other portions
oft the Metropolitan Museum of Art building in
Central Park. The bill was ordered toa third
reading, : a

Senator Ford has introduced a bill extending
the benefita of the New York city police pen-
sion fund to pollee matrons and clerks and
superintendent and inspectors of boilers, who
are deemed 4 part of the poiice administration
Senator Norton introduced a bill granting
to the New York city authorities the same
power to construct and maintain sewage dia-
posal Works as they have to construct sewers,
the cost thereof te be assessed upon the prop-
erty benefited ; :
Another bill of Senator, Norton’s provides
that the amendwent to the New York oity
charter passed last year in relation to the con-
struction of sewers in Brooklyn boroughshall
apply to the other boroughs of the city. These
bills are inthe intereat of the former village
of Jamaica and willenable the construction of
a pliant to dispose of its sewage.
A bill introduced by Assemblyman Cooley
to-day proposes fogive the Borough Presidents
of Greater New York more power, as It places
them atthe head of the Highway and Sewer
department and also in charge of other depart:
frente pertaining tothe Department of Public

Vorks in their respective boroughs. lt abol-
ishea the offices of Commissioners of Sewers
and Highways, The Borough Presidents are
alsomade members of the Koarcof Public lm-
provements of New York city, The Presidents of
each borough areampowered to determine the
boundaries of each borough, ‘The salaries of
the Presidents are made, in the boroughs of
Manhattan Brooklyn and Bronx, $7,500a year,
andin Queens and Kichmond, $5,000,
4 bi'l was Introduced in the Assembly by Dr.
Henry which has for one of its objects the
limiting of the number of liquortax certificates
to be tasued in the future, It provides that
hereafter in New York city and in cities of over
95,000 inbabitants the number of certifleates
ju any of such elties shall not exceed the num-
ber {n force on Jan, 1, 1400. Another provis-
ion takes away from department stores the
privilege of selling Ifguor and fanoy drinks,
such as cocktails aud cordials,
Assemblyman Gale of Wueens introduceda
bi}! providing that no association shall be per-
mitted to begin raving before May L instead of
April.15, as heretofore, and the season shall
end Noy. 1 fustead of Nov, 15
Mr. Meister introduced a bill regulating the
business of hackmen in New York city, [t pro-
videa that no hackman shall allow his vehiele
to stand in frontof any premises unless they
have been designated as hackstands by the
Municipal Assembly: also. that no owner of
any premises shall demand @ commission or
rental from any hackmaun ocenpying 4 stand in
tront of his building if the hackmen are not
violating the law.
Mr. Remsen (ntroduced a bill providing that
When the number of registered voters in any
election district in New York city or Kings
county ex ds GOO the boundaries of the
districts may be changed. The present law re-
‘sthut the number must exceed 00 at an
mn for Governor before such change tn
triet boundaries may be made,
John B. Pitzer d has introduced a bill

roviding for o recreation pier on the East
i, ver atthe foot of East Sixty-second street
He says that is the only place where such a
pler ean be provided Jor on the Fast River be-
tween Fortleth and Ninetieth streets, These

 

 

    

 

     

 

other bills wore introduced

Seuatey Fisberg= Esempting from tasati
Hue@ite and Wat ites the al owtate
Eman Fl Sisterhood of Personal Service
York \

se} Brown--Providing that @ Supreme Court
Ju eay erantan tujunetion order on Sunday
Whenin bis judgmentitiss »-sary to prevent irre
miediable injit

Mr. Gale -~Requiring @ registered: pharma n
departivent stores in 2 York olty where poisons
and other medic nes, including pateut medicine
aresoll

Also, probibiting railroads from uncoupling en
wines from passenger trains atany station unti! the
passengers intending to get off have alighted from
the traru

Mr Cobn—Compelling mortgagees. upon the pay
mentofa mortwaye, to Mle a satisfaction piece with

the Revister or County Clerk, aud upon failing todo
o, directing the Supreme CUurt to is#ie au order
rit mandatory for the noortgagee to fle sneb

D

The Asserthly Ways and Means Conmittes
will repor: favorably toemorrow Mr. Hill's. bill
authorizing the expenditure of {100,000 of the
$300,000 uppropriated by the State forthe Pan-
American Exposition at Buffalo next year, for
the erection of a Stateebuilding on public park
lands in Bulfalo, included within the expoat-
ti n wrounds, the buliding to become the prop-
erty of the Buffalo. Historical Society, proyid-
the soctety and

 

 

  
           

it the city each appropriate
$2 ard tise ion

Mr. Fallows’s bill authorizing the expend.
fture of $5,000 for the eare, maintenance nd

 

repairs of the quarantine establishment, will
aiso be reported out

The Assembly Codes Committee will report
favorabiy to-morrow Mr. Swift's bill inaking
it a misdemeanor to sell or give any boy under
16 years of age a toy pisrolin which percussion
caps are used

The Senate Judiciary Committee has decided
to report favorably Senator MeCarren’s bill au-
thorizing each of the Appellate Division Jus-
tices in the second Department to appoint a
confidential clerk at a salary of $2,000, and
Senator Plunkett's bill, providing that in New
York elty primary election inspectors shall be
paid $7 Oa day,

a ee

Hearing on the Morton Law Repeal BIL,

ALNANY, Jan, 24.—The Assembly Codes Com-
mittee gave a bearing this afternoon on As-
semblyman Merton 72. Lewis's bill repealing
the Horton boxing law. Prior tothe heaving,
Assemblyman T uiitvan requested an
adjournment fora week in order that some
persons opposed to the bill could be heard.
The committee decided to hear al! present and
to give another nearing later, Gen, Ralph B
Prime of Youkers, the Rey, Madison C, Peters
and the Rev, Des. ©. Cadman of the New York
City Presbytery spoke tn favorof the repeal of
the bill aud Assemblyman Patrick H, Roche
of posed it

supt. MeCullagh Wants More Money,

 

 

ALbany, Jan, 24.—State Superintendent John
McCullagh of the Metropolitan Elections Dis-
trict will ash the Legisisture for an addi-
tional appropriation of 320,000 to cover “a.
expenses of his department for the present
fiscal yeargending Sept, 30 next. This money
will enable him to look after the remaining
140 indictments resulting from last fall's elec.
tion violations. ac

New Beet Sugar Company,
The Empire

Stat
mtate

> \ ” ,
Array, Jan, 24. Sugar

 

 

 

|
|

 

 

 

 

SCRUTINY OF DIVORCE CASES,
Justice Leventritt Makes It Leas Ensy to
Undo the Marriage Knot.

Lawyers bad a hard row to hoe yesterday
before Justice Leventritt of the Supreme
Court where undefended divorce suits werd on
fortrial. Tho Judge has lately beep exercia-
ing unusual scrutiny in these cases, and most
of the cases on the calendar were adjourned,
Only four wore tried, whereas it has been the
common practice to try a dozen ormore ina
day, The cases being undefended, the Judge
bas virtually taken the position of opposing
counsel and the lawyers who have come there
thinking because there were no lawyers againat
them they would hate a walk-over, have been

put on their mettle.

The Judge had been very particular about
proof of the service of summons, It is re-
quired that the process server must know the
party he serves. The process servers have
been pulled up short when they said that a
copy of the original summons was served and
it appeared that they had not seen the original
summons or compared the supposed copy to
see if it was a copy. The Judge has aleo
been rigid about the proof of adultery.

In the case of Loujs Henry Krause for a di-
vorce from Emma Kraus, the co-respondent,
John Sperber, a carefully attired man of 2¢
years of age who parta his hair in the middle,
admitted intimacy with the defendant. The
Judge cross-examined him as to dates and
places and said he would not grant a divorce
on the unecorroborated evidence of a co-
respondent. George Kamer, another co-
respondens. and other witnesses were called
que tne Judge said the evidence was suf-

clen

Martin Bingham sought a divorce from his
wife Mary on the strength of a written confes-
sion of adultery which she had sworn to before
anotary. The Judge said he was opposed to
granting a divorce ona confession alone, but
said he would reserve decision.

THIRD WEDNESDAY COTILLON,

Some of Those Who Danced Last Night at
Delmonico's.

The third of the series of Wednesday co-
tillons was given last night at Delmonico’s,
The guests were received by the patronesses,
Mrs. Algernon 8, Sullivan, Mrs. William L,
Trenholm, Mrs. Samuel Spencer, Mrs, Oliver
Livingston Jones, Mrs. John Burling Law-
rence, Mrs, Robert Nicol, Mre, William Bar-
bour, Mrs. Philip A, H. Brown, Mrs. Johu W.
Boothby and Mrs, George L. Nichols, Arthur

Wiley of Virwinia led the cotillon with Miss
Heloise Beekman. Supper was followed by
woneral informal dancing.

Among others at the daneg wore Heth Lor-
ton, George H. Sullivan, Miss Marie Vernon
Brown, Riehard Francis Goldsborough, Mise
Luey Carter Byrd, Dr. George Bolling Lee, Miss
Helen Trenholm, James L. Johnson, Miss
Helen Aiken, Arthur Gouverneur Morris, Miss
Bettle B. Booker, Walter Coles Cabell, Miss
Pauiine M. Cory, Harry C. Adams, Mr. and Mrs.
George Gordon Battles, Gano 8, Dunn, Miss
Catherine Clark, James Lindsay Gordon, Jobn
©. Breckenridge, Mise Lelia B Harrison, H.
Rnowden Marshall, Miss Marie 8. Douglas,
Seymour Perkins, Miss Aurelie de Maurice,
leton Pearson, Miss Carlyn D, Eld-

a

Danole! App s

hitz, W. Taliman Wisner, Jr, Miss Flower,
Turner D, | Day, Miss Ogia L, Gossler,
FE. Hope Norton, Miss Mabel C, Kin,

Alexander M. Hadden, Miss Estelle Hartshorne,
Arthur Gouverneur Morris, Miss) Anna Her-
rick, Miss Jouise Livingston Jones, Miss
Edith Root, Harry C, Adams. Miss Mary Wag-
staff. Miss Matilda Janeway, Julien J, Mason,
Montgomery Schuyler, John Howell Williams,
Miss Florence Ward, Miss Lena Logan, Nor-
man J. Coudert, Robert T. MeGusty, Alfred
Dearing Harding, John FB. Everhart, Mise
Edith B. Tilghman, Miss Adelina Tower, Prank
G, Landon, Miss Lucilla Wylie, John Howell
Williams, Miss Frances Van Nostrand and Mrs,
John Burling Lawrence.

“MY HUSBAND" JOSEPH PULLAR

Wants More Than One-Quarter of the Ba-
tate of the Woman Who Supposed Her-
self His Wife.

Mea. Mary T. Pullar testified yesterday in
the action brought by her husband, Joseph W.
Pullar, in the Supreme Court, to set aside au
agreement by which he gave up an interest
under tho willef Johanna Pullar, who passed
as his wife, amounting to about $50,000, Pro-
ceedings had been taken to set the will aside
and «settlement was reached by which Pullar
gave up all but a fourth of the estate tothe
relatives of the testatrix. The will gave
him the bulk of the estate. He was
called “my husband” by the testatrix inthe
will, and the contestants contended that she
wus misied into belfeving that he was really her
husband,

Mrs. Pullar testified yesterday that she mar-
ried Pullar in 1877 and parted from him in
15U2 because of his intemperate habits. Whou
she learned of his marriage thereafter to the
widow Johanna Goodwin she ealled upon Mrs,
Goodwin and told herthat Pu wus already
married. Mrs. Goodwin or Puliar died in 1x05,
The witness told of different negotiations for a
settlement of her dower interest in seats irt of
the estate of the testatrix that wenotto Pullar
At these times, she said, Pullar looked “dis.
sipated and like a hunted animal,” She took

 

 

 

 

pity on Puliar in 1 808,08 he was without ahome,
and they have sinee lived together,
ART CRITIC ARRISTED FOR TIBET,

Testimony That He ‘fad It In’? for Artist
Ranger, Who Didn't Pay for Praise.

David C, Preyer, editor and publisher of The
a

aud Art semi-monthiy
periodical, was charged with criminal libel yes-
terday, in the Jotferson Market police court by
Henry W. Kanger, @ Jandseape painter.
Neither the complainant nor his counsel was
present in court, but w representative of the
latter was on hand to explain their absence,
and at his request Magistrate Hogan set the
case down for hearing next Saturday morning,
and paroled the complainant in the custody of
his lawyer till then, :

An exhibition of paintings by Ranger has
been going on for some time in the Tooth gal-
lecy in Filth avenue, A reference to this exhi-
bition and the fact that_it was to be trana-
ferred from here) to London appeared in
Proyer’s paper on Jan. Ls, and on this article,
in which reflections were made on the com-
piainant integrity. and ability, the  eom-
pinintis bakwel, dt alleges that the publication
of the article was due to Rangerhaving refused
to paya commission to Preyer on somo pic
tures Which the latter had praised just before
they were sold, 3m

Affidavits by William Clausen, a pieture
dealer, and Arthur Dawson, fn artist, that
Preyer had said that he would “have itin tor’
Hanger, were produced in support of the com-
piaint. The defendant pleaded not guilty

VENEZUELA WANTS NO PARTNERS,

Gen. Bolet Peraza Contradicts Report of a
Union With Colombia and keundor,

Collecto Critic,

 

    

 

Gen. N. Bolet Peraza, confidential agent here
of the Venezuelan Government, authorized the
statement yeaterday that there will be
unjon of Venezuela, Colombia and Ecuador,

This statement was made becnuse of a pub-
lished eable despatch to the effect that Pres!-
dent Castro of Venezoria was seeking to bring
about this cooperation

“There will never be such a union,” said
Gen. Bolet Peraza, “LE can assert this with
positiveness The report that Venezuela
istrying to induce Colombia and Feuador to
enter intoa compact emanates from anemiles
of the Government, They wish people to in-
fer that on account of the country’s recent
financial crisis it is compelled to seek relief in
aunion with otherrepublics, I want it under-
stood, however, that Venezuela is now on the
road to prosperity and peace and can take care
of its affairs without any assistance,”

ho

State Tax Commissioners to Get More Pay.

ALBANY, Jan, J4.-lor some time past the
State Tax Commissioners have complained
thatthe extra work imposed upon theim by the
branehise Tax law had sodepleted theirappro-
priation that they eould not carry on the
work aa they would like to, Complaint was
made that the clerical force was not adequate
and that a sufficient number of experts could
not be engaged. A billthat Mr. Allds will in-
troduce inthe Assembly provides for an ap

proparation of 345,000, to be expended
yy the commission to carry on the work
of the department. The commissioners

  

are each to receive a salary of $5,000 per year
{Instead of $2,500 and are to have $2,500 trave)-

uweexpenses. They are authorized to engage
retary at @ salary. of $4,500 and to em-
y such experts and clerical assistants as
are dvemed necessary

 

 
     

 

fi

Divoree for Mra, Frank R. Bradner,

Trenton, N. J, Jan, 24.—Master in Chan-
cery Kean filed a report to-day granting an ab-
solute divoree to Mrs. Olivia A. Bradner, wife

of Lawyer Frank K. Bradner of Newark.
Lawver Bradner made no defence. The
couple Were married in 1875 and have five
shildren. Aeeordir to the evidence Bradner

   
  

 

| nesgleeted his wife an! lavished his money and
| artentions upon & Newark school teacher who

‘ompany of Lyons, Wayne county, was {
' + Was ineor- |

porated to-day with a capitalor s

34.00,000,
manufacture, refine and deal ti beet sugar a8

its by-products and to deal in sugar beets, The |

J.D.
t, William
ork city.

frectors are Orlando F. Thomas ,
irettord of Lyone.and evyinour moe J
Bucheit and L twin N. Post of New ¥

 

!

A

was made the coerespondent

If You Are Pressed for Time

“Want” advertisoments for THe SUN wa
left at.any American District or Postal Tole.
graph Messenger office, Charges the same as
gr Las SUN Villee Adi

 

|

be |

|

JANUARY 25, 1900.

SUFFRAGE ISSUR IN CUBA,

GENERAL PUBLIC OPPOSED TO ANY
RESTRICTIONS,

Cuban Army Rolls Being Revised for Safirage
Purposes —Law Commission Discusses
Proposed Changes—KRoman Law Baste to
Be Ketained—Havana’s Death Record,

Speeral Cable Despatch to Taw Bun.

Havana, Jan, 24.—The Commission for the
Reform of the Laws held an informal meeting
atthe Palace to-day. The general scope of the
changes to be made wae discuased by the
Cuban and American embers. It is evident
that there will be entire harmony In their
efforts, for the Cubans understand that there
will be no sweeping away of the Latin laws, to
which they would object, but merely the en-
grafting of certaln principles of American law
und the lopping off of Spanish obstacles in the
way of speedy justice. The groundwork of
the Romun law, to which the Cubans are ac-
customed, and which is suitable to ther, will
remain, The commission has established no
offices and, until it does, only preliminary work
will be done, The Finance Commission, whose
work is not 60 pressing, will have the same
offices as the Law Commission,

Gen, Roloff, ex-Secretary of War of the
Cuban Republic, ia engaged in revising the
rolla of the Cuban army for franchise pur-
poses. No order has yet been tssued restrict-
ing suffrage nor does the general public ex-
pect such an order. Feelers thrown out by
Gen, Wvod during the gathering of Eastern
politicians here were moet with disfavor, When
speaking !n public the politicians declared
that they would insist on unrestricted
suffrage. The tone of the whole revolu-
tionary press is opposed to any restric-
tions. If the Washington Government de-
cided to restrict the suffrage, with property
and educational qualifications, even ad-
mitting those who actually fought in the
revolution, it would undoubtedly have the
support of the educated and well-to-do ele-
ment, which is not politically ambitious,
Demagogues are sure to fight against restric-
tlons, while the revolutionary Generals would
still have at their backs their former forces on
election day should the suffrage be qualified.
They appear to be opposed to restriction, as
was evidenced by the speeches at the banquet
in honor of Gen. Maso, when they insisted that
all the people should be allowed to participate
in the affairs of the future Cuban republic.

Chief Sanitary Officer Davis's annual report
shows that there were 8,153 deaths in Havana
last year and 4,181 reported births. The large
disorepancy between births and deaths is ex-
plained by the supposition that many iilegiti-
mate births are not reported, The largest pum-
ber of deaths from one disease was 1,307. These
were caused by tuberenlosis, There were
1,103 deaths from enteric diseases and 822
from malaria,

JUDGE OBJECTS TO

 

 

 

—_—

SOT DIERS,

The Military Escort to Three Alleged Mur-
derers Displeases a Kentucky Jurist.

Nicnonasviiie, Ky, Jan. '4.—A clash be-
tween the civil and military authorities hare is
feared. When Col. BR. D, Williams, command-
ing a battalion of troops from Lexington,
came marching up fromthe station here this
morning in charge of Milton Kendall and his
two sons, William and Charles, charged with
the murder of Eugene Cassell in this county on
Jan. 4, there was much jeering of the troops
by the eftizens. Upon reaching the Court
House and delivering the prisoners to the
Sheriff and pres enting them to Judge Phillips,

that official demanded of Col. Williams his au-
thority for bringing troops into the town.

“By whose orders do you bring these soldiers
here?” demanded the Judge.

“Weare here by tha order of Gov, Taylorto
protect the Kendalis from mob violence,” re-
sponded the Colonel,

“There is no danger of mob violence and you
miay as Well go home,” declared the Judge,

“T eunnot do that, for Lam here under orders
from the Governor,” repeated Col. Willlams

“IT want it distinctly understood by all pres-
ent that it is over the protest of the officers of
this county that these soldiers are here, Col,
Williams you wil! please have your guards ree
tire.”

Col, Willams didas he was asked, but toe
hight hasa picket line out through town aud
the men are sleeping in @ekating rink, Owing
to the fact that only a meagre chain of evi-
dence exists against the Kendalls the people
are afraid the four jawyers,who have been em-
ployed by their relatives, will secure their ae-
quittal, Oldman Kendall was formerly a Mag-
istrate in Scott county and waa reputed to have
been worth at one time a quarter of a million,

4N OLD BOOK DISCOVERED,

English Grammar Published 164 Years Ago
Found tin a Trunk,

Beuieviiwe, N. J., Jan, 24.—While overhaul-
ing an old trunk belonging to his father, yes-
terday, Justice Ia Paucherie, came across an
English grammar published 164 years ago in
London. The book is in a very good state of
preservation, the binding and leaves being In-
tuctandthe print easily vead. The title page
reads as follows

"A new English grammar so far os it agrees
with, and is consistent wiih the nature and
genius of the Foglsh tongue. Designed for
the use and benefit and adapted to the capacily
mung Inds at the English schools, in order
to teach them the grounds of their mother
tongue and fir them for the more easy and ex-
peditious attaining of the grammar of the
hatin or aby other language, By a schooi-
master in the country, Printed for James
Hodges at the Looking Glasson London Bridge
and sold by H. Boad and T, Kendall, booke
at Colchester and W. Creighton, book-
Ipewieh, in 1s,”

BOGUS DETECTIVE Gor 8190,

 

 

seller

seller, du

 

Prisoner's Sister That Capt. /Killllea
Would Let Him Golf She Paid,

Henry Wick was arrested last Friday on the
charge of receiving stolen goods, At 5 o'clock
op Saturday moroing aman called on his sister,
Mrs. Bertha Pape,at her home in Tenth ave-
nue, aud told her that he was a detective from
the Old Slip station sent by Capt. Killilea, and
that if $100 were paid at once Wick would he
set free, Mrs, Pape fell into the trap and
handed over the money, She learned soon al-
terward that she had been swindled and de-
acribed her calier tothe police

James Komiskey, alias MeCluskey, an old-
time erook, Was arrested yesterday by Detee-
tive Sergeants Fogarty and Granville, and was
identified by Mrs, Pape as the bogus letective,
He was held in the Jefferson Market police
court on a charge of extortion,

Told

BLIND VPUIYSICTAN HELD FOR TRIAL,

Boy He Is Charged With Beating Likely to
Be Sent Back to His Adopted Mother.

Dr, John Thalberg, the blind physician who
was arraigned in the West Filty-fourth street
police court on Monday, charged with assault.
ing Arthur Magnet, 14 years old, whom he has
been supporting. appeared agaln terday be
fore Magistrate Mott tn accordance with the
agreementupon which he was paroled, He
waived examination on the charge and was
held fn $300 for trial

The Magnet boy was committed to the cus.
tody of the Gerry society for a week. He
wants to return to Mrs. frazee of San Fran.
cisco, With whom he lived until six years ago,
andthe Gerry society will probably pay his
fare back to that city

Dufiy’s
Pure
Malt
Whiskey

CURES

 

 

 

No Fusel Oil,

Coughs, Colds, Grip, Bron-

chitis, Consumption
and Malaria,

It stimulates the blood and tones up the
heart. Over 7,000 doctors prescribe and
endorse it, and over 2,000 hospitals use it
to the exclusion of all other alcoholic
stimulants and tonics on account of its
purity and excellence. Write for free book
of testimonials of wondertul cures.

 

All druggists and grocers, $1 00 a bomle,
the genuine only; sub titutes are dangerous,

DUFF] MALT WHISKEY CO., Rochester, ¥. Y,

 

re SSS SSS sss SS SSS sss SSS SSS SSS
a
EEE

 

Represented
in neatly every office building,

The Hale Desk.

HALE CO.,

Desks at export prices,
15 Stone Street,
next Produce Exchange.

HAPPY OVER VICTORY IN THE 31st,

 

Surveyer Croft Says It Was the Fruit of
' Hard Republican Work.

The Hon. Silas C. Croft, leader of the Repub-
licans of the Thirty-first Assembly district,
and Assemblyman-elect Samuel 8. Slater, who
dofeated his Tammany opponent, Leon W.
Goldrich, at the special election on Tuesday,
spent most of yosterday opening congratula-
tory letters and telegrams, They heard from
nearly overy member of the Republican County
Committee and the Republican members of
the Assembly and Senate from New York
county. The Republican leaders all interpre-
ted Mr. Slater’s victory as a triumph for the
Republican district organization, and regarded
it as of particular significance at this time, the

general impression being that it showed @
spirit among the Kepublicans which argues
well for the party at the fall elections.

The Tammany leaders in the Thirty-first
boasted before election that they had won the
district from the Republicans, and that here-
after it was to be regarded as a Tammany

stronghold,
Ve made our fight for Slater in the Republi-
Croft yesterday, “and the

can ranke,”’ said Mr.
result shows that the Thirty-first is a Republi-
one of the

ean district, The campaign was

hardest that I have ever taken partin. Mr.
Slater and all of the campaigners in the dis-
trict are shoroughly fagged out to-day, but
they are happy, It has been the boast of the
Democrats up here that they had knocked
us out, and that the district could be
depended upon hereafter to give a substantial
Tammany plurality at every election, We went
into this campaign determined to show them
that they were mistaken. We knew that there
were more Republican voters in the district
than Democrats, and we made up our minds to
wet them out and have them cast their votes.
It’s hard enough to get Republicans out ata
regular election, and we feared that it might be
fmpossible at this one, because many of them
are business men who are likely to neglect to
vote
publican, and made personal appeals to each
oneotthem, Our district captains and their
workers were at itearly and late, hammering
itintothe Kepublicansa that they must come

out and vote. The result shows what
can be accomplished by hard and sus-
tained effort. Not only have we elected
Mr Slater, but we have redeemed

the district, if we believe the Tammany claims
that they once had ue knocked out. The
effects of this victory will be felt next fall, and
also ut the primaries. Another geod effect
that the campaign has had wiil be seen in the
perfect harmony which prevails in the party.”

Mr. Croftand Mr. Slater intend to entertain
the district captains and workers and thank
them formally at the first opportunity which
presents itself.

HIS SPROCE IN A SALOON CELLAR.

Brady Was Fighting a Barrel When a

Policeman Took Him Out to Sober Up.

Thomas Brady of 322 Fast Tweaty-third
street, was arrested yesterday in the cellar of
James Gaffney's saloon at 381 Second avenue,
after having spent the night Shere. and helped
himself to the beerand whiskey stored there
in barrels, ‘The ashes of two fires on the cellar
floor showed how he bad tried to keep warm
during the night.

Gaffney had his attention drawn to a noise in
the cellar yesterday afternoon, and suspecting
thieves sent for Policeman Hay, who was on

post nearby. The policeman and the saloon |

keeper went into the ceilar and found Brady

there engaged {In a rough-and-tumble fight f

with an empty whiskey barrel, apparently
under the impression that the barrel was a
man. The saloon keeper and the policeman

stopped and watched the contest. Brady
whacked the barrel with a piece of lead pipe,
which he evidently had used asa siphon to get
out the beer and whiskey, The barrel gave
hack an echo that sounded like a note of de-
flance, Brady closed in and the two had a
wrestling match. The barrel floored the man
but he wot on bis feet again with some trouble,
and witha whoop tackled his antagonist again.
There waa an incline at that part of the cellar
and the barre! rolled away from him and he
fellon his face. The policeman then arrested
him, and when the effects of his spree wore off
took him tothe Yorkville police court.

“How did you get into the cellar?” asked
Magistrate Brann,

“That's what I would like to know. I tried
to get out and could not,” the prisoner an-
swered

He did not know how lon
cellar, but suspected that
two days.

The saloon keeper dil not care to be hard on
Brady so the Magistrate fined him $10 for dis.
orderly conduct. He was unable to pay and
was locked up.

he had been inthe
e had been there

RUNAWAY AT A FUNERAT,
A Team Collides With Two Coaches- The
Driver of One Seriously Injured,

At the burial of Mrs, Mary Claney at Calvary
Cemetery, Laarel Hill, L. 1, yesterday after-
noon, ateam of horses attached to one of the
funeral coaches and driven by Herman Rags-
cofY, 25 vears old, of 187 Skillman avenue,
Long Island City, became unmanageable and
madea break to run down through a double
line of coaches which had lined up on both
sides of the road when the mourners got out

at the grave.
from the hearse. People were forming a cirele
around the grave and many were still in the

rondway when Rassecoff's team started. Tha |

coach locked wheels with another coach and
dragged it and its team about fifteen feet be-
fore the vehicle was overturned and fell on the
driver, Michael Kelby, of 206 Bedford avenue
Brooklyn, The runaway eoach next struck a
coach coutaining Mrs. Matthew Smith of 11
Borden avenue, Long Island City, mother of
Magistrate Matthew J. Smith, .

The side of this couch was ripped out
this time several men had sprung into the
roadway and caneht the team,
arrested at the direction.of Magiatrate Smith
and he was held by Magistrate Connorton
without bail to await the result of Kelby’s in-
juries, It is said that more than $600 worth of
damage was done to the coaches by the run-
away. Kelby wassent to St, John's Hospital
in Long Island City, His injuries, tt is said
are serfous i

TOUGHEST BOY IN NEW York,

Vather's Testimony Regarding His son,
Convicted of Burglary,

Louis Friedman, the seventoen-year old son
of Bamuel Friedman, a well-to-do clonkmaker
of 2 Allen street, and Nicholas Golesi, 24 years
old were on trial for burglary in the third
degree before Judge Cowing in the General
Sessions yesterday, Young Friedman's father
was the complainant. His son and Golesi, he
testifled, entered his cloak factory on the night
of Dec, 31 and stole six capes worth 850, whieh
they pawned for $5. Vriedman said that his
son Was the toughest boy in New York. When
quite young he was seut to a juvenile asyininy
for playing truant, When he was released he
Went back tohts father’s and broke all ofthe
window glass im the factory Again he was
sent away, this time to the workhouse on

aeckwell's Island, It was after hia return
ne the island that he helped to steal the
Apes,
pee liget arralg
guilty esterday young Frie man i
t an insiste
that he alone entered the {actory and thet
ped ely pawned the plunder, The jury
und b yw reme
joa lh h guilty and they were remanded for

Bourke Cockran to Speak at Vale.

New Haven, Jan, 24.—Dean Francis Way-
land of the Yale Law School announced to-
day that W. Bourke Cockran of New York city

would deliver the commenceme

! ' nt address
the graduating class next June, Mr. ( aera
has not yet selected the subject of his addresa
which will be delivered in the College street
hall on Monday afternoon, June 25 :

Banquet of Munro's Publishing House,

The ennual diuner to the staff of Munro's
Publishing House, tendered by Mrs. Norman L
Munro, was held last evenin 3 Li ,
1 ; held las gat 143.1
atreet, New York. Covers were laid for any

rsons, among whom were the anthors and

eads of the vario
Poadss ne us departments of the pub.

We sent literature to every enrolled Re- |

The casket had just been taken |

By !

Rassecoft was |

ned both prisoners pleaded |

  

—

GREAT WESTERN.

ANATURAL CHAMPAGNR
FINEST QUALITE,
PRODUCED (4
AMEBICA,

Try it, twill not disappoint yoq,
Bottled orly by the Ploasant Valle?
Wine Company (Organized 1950,

ForSale by

 

H. B. KIRK @ CO., NBW OBR,
5. 8. PEIRCE ©0., BOSTON,

And all first-class dealers,

 

IF YOU ARE’

Sleepless

TAKE THREE

JOHNSON’S DIGESTIVE
TABLETS

| It's the Stomach that bothers you

 

 

 

“Greatest Trunk
i Goruer in America,”

[ea

tell HAMILTON'S

Where Trunks
Are Made.

2348.4 Gth Av,

ree

 

 

 

BOUNCED COP IN THE PRISON WARD

 

He Made It Lively for the Man on the Hell's
Kitchen Post, Who Beplied tn Kind,

James Feehan of 403 West Thirteenth street,
whotriodto bea policeman last summer, but
| was dismissed after two months’ trial in
the probation squad, is a prisoner in Bellevue
Hospital charged with assaulting Policeman
Trojan, who went through his probation suc-
cessfully several years ago, and has since beea
on postin Hell’s Kitchen,

Since his dismissal from the force Feehas
has been arrested several times for disorderly
conduct. He borrowed a dollar from Louise
Wilson of 263 West Thirty-eighth street on
Tuesday night to get drunk on. Ho was
a little drunk to. begin with, so he knocked the
Wilson woman down and blackened both her

| eyes as soon ashe had got the money, Then
he cleaned out two saloons in Righth avenue,
smashing the mirrors and bar glasses in bot
places, He was on his way to a third, followe
yy amob,when Trojan arrested him in Fighth
‘avenue,
| “I'm a cop, too,” yelled Feehan, when or-
; dered to stand, and then knocked Troian down
| with a blow on the jaw. The real policeman
regulned his feet in much less than ten seconds
| and with hisnight stick so mashed the pris-
oner that an ambulance instead of a patrol
wagon was sent for.
rojan went to the West Fifty-fourth street
police court yesterda and reported that his
prisoner might be well enough for examina
tion in a day or two.

POLICE MUST HAVE GOOD EVIDENCE,

Magistrate Brann Speaks Plainly About
| Fake Arrests of Women,

Wardman Pfeifer of the Fifth street police
| station arraigned Anna Neilson of 201 East
| ‘enth street in the Yorkville police court yes-

terday on the charge of keeping a disorderly
| house.

“T hone this is not the same kind of a fake
case that you had before me yesterday.” said
Magistrate Brann when Pfeifer and his prisos
nerstepped up on the bridge. ‘I insist that
you bring some evidence with you_in these
cases that I ean hold the prisoner. do not
| want your superior, Commissioner York, to
| throw the blame on the City Magistrates for
| not suppressing vice on the East Side.”
| Pfeifersatd that the Neflson woman hadadver-
| tised herself as a inasseuse and he had gone to
| her plave three times and obtained evidence
| that warranted her arrest, Detective Jaeksou
| corroborated this statement, and the Magis-

} irate then held the woman in $500 bail for
j Crial,

 

 

 

 

|
\
|

Funeral of Andrew J. White.

 

The funeral of Andrew J, White, formerly
Police Justice, will take piace at 10 o'clock this
morning from his home, 6 Mount Morrie
| Park. There will be se vices in All Satnta’
| Roman Catholie Chureh, at 129th street and
Madison avenue, whica celegations from the
Democratic, Manhattan and Sagamore elubs,
the Friendiy Sons of St. Patrick and the Tam-

many Hall General Committee of the Thirty.
irst Assembly district will attend, The pal!-
bearers will be Senator Thomas F. (racy,
Aqueduct Commissioner Maurice J, Power, ex-
| United States Marshal John H. McCarty, Join

F. Carroll, ex-Police Justice Daniel F. MeMa-
| hon, School Commissioner Thaddeus Moriarty.

 

Supreme Court Justice James Fitzgerald,
' Patrick FP. Ferrigan, ex-Senator John Fox,
William. Pitt: Mitehell, John Spellman,

Daniel Kane, Gen, Howard
Boyle, Philip J. Britt and
Joseph P. Fallon

etroll, James W.
unicipal Justice

 

May Use the Name *' Vichy.”’

The United States Cireuit Court of Appeals
firmed yesterday an opinion of the United
States Circuit Court which denied ta the le-

ublic of France and the Viehy Company,
ossee, the right to enjoin mineral water mat-
ufacturers fram using the word “Viehy” as the
name of one of their products.

Farmer Murders His Grown Daughter.

Datsss, Tex,, Jan, 24.—At Centre, the county
om : oe county, J, A. Honeyeutt last
; hight killed his grown daughter and tried to
, Fill his two amall children bey denote mas

yet prove fatal. An axe and a buteber koife

were used, Honeycutt is 6
years old. Te ts in jail, +a leer ve

Mourned ns Dead for Twenty Years.

AMSTERDAM, N, Y,, Jan, 24.—Mra, C, M. Mon-
fe of J scksonvilie, Fla, has greatly surprise!
ier brother and sister, Jamas E. MacC
Mrs. John W. Myers of this city, & erty and
after an absence of thirty-tw ) years, They had
mourned for her as dead for overtwenty years

President McKinley to the H b rt Mem-
orial Fund,

PATERSON, N.J., Jan. 2%.—Among the con-
anne received to-day by Treasurer Piaget
or the Hobart Memorial F
, i und was one tuo
rom Vrosident MeKinley, To-day's be ha
obs swelled the fund to the aum of $5,200

VIN MARIANI
Mariani Wine—World Famous Tonic

It is found especial]

Te specially useful Ners
PFoubles, Dyspepsia, Maleria.” AY
in = of Sleep, Consumption, Overwork.
‘ Keation, La Grippe. Nervoua Proateat
‘ beral Debility, Tardy Convalesce!
’ Throat Blood, Impotency, Melane! .
All W nd Lung Troubles, Seasicknes4

Bold by aif piseanes and After-Pove rs.
Tuggists. Refuse Substitutew

 

a]
emia,

Ine

n.