\ V
i

     
 
 

900.

       

THE SUN, THURSDAY, JANUARY 25, 1

|| These QUESTIONS are

very interesting - 90 is the Stor o
The CENTURY Prize Competition w

READ ABOUT IT

At an expense of thirty thousand dollars, The Century Co, lately instituted a public trial of The Cen- | sons were scattered all over the United States, and were from every walk of life. Though many of them shad
tury Dictionary and Cyclopedia, and, as it afterward proved, of all other works of reference as well. The — owned sets of The Century for some little time, yet the result of working over the prize questions was to«dis- —
jury in this popular irial was made up of over six thousand intelligent men and women, all of whom participated | cover new uses for their books, and really learn for the first time what a broad field of knowledge The Certuryy ’
in one of the most interesting educational competitions ever conducted—‘The Century Prize Competition.” covered. A search for the answers to these questions equipped the competitors with just the sort of general

One hundred and fifty questions were prepared for this contest. The topics selected covered matters | knowledge that gives interest to the conversation of a man of the world; they got the reputation ofvbeings:
of “general information” rather than of a scholastic nature. The questions were drawn from every branch of | “well-informed”; they acquired, also, a new pleasure in reading their newspapers and magazines.
knowledge; some were interesting to lawyers, some to doctors or clergymen, and again others were — When the answers to these questions were all received they were carefully examined and scoredsaccord
framed so as to teach something to the business man or mechanic. Nearly every branch of art, literatifre, his- | ing to their correctness, the tirst prize being awarded to Mr. C. H. Payne, of the New York Bar; the second
tory and science was tovched upon. The questions dealt with many facts that every man, woman, boy and | prize to Mr. A. H. Sturtevant, farmer, of Jacksonville, lll.; the third prize to Mr. Herbert S. Brown, a student in
girl should know; they dealt, not with theoretical, but with practical knowledge. Answering them was not — Yale University, New Haven, Conn.; the fourth prize to Mr. Theo. L. Frothingham, lawyer, New York Cityeand
drudgery; it combined pleasure with mental exercise. Thus the whole series was made extremely interesting — thirty-one other prizes to persons scattered over the United States. .
and instructive, as they were prepared with extreme care by experts, with a view to prove the superiority of This, probably the most expensive and most remarkable public test that has ever been given to aspubli-+
The Century as a question-answerer over all other reference works. | cation, as stated above, cost the publishers about $30,000; but they found that it was money well spent. It has:

The public were then invited to answer these questions, basing their answers upon information contained — proved to the public that The Century Dictionary and Cyclopedia is a reference work without a rival; ‘that
in The Century Dictionary and Cyclopedia. A first prize of five hundred dollars, and thirty-four other | for the first time in the history of book-making there has been combined in one work the functions of» more,
prizes, all of gold, were offered for the best sets of answers. More than twenty-two thousand persons responded | than a score of others.
to the invitation, of whom over six thousand really collaborated in the test of the work to the end. These per- Some of the one hundred and fifty questions and the answers used in this competition follow: _

38 of the 150 Questions. Partial List of the Answers.

1—In the book of Joshua we learn that atthe command of that leader “the sun 20.—Which of Shakspere’s plays was founded ona romance by another writer pub 1.—No, ‘Prevented,’ in Pa. cxix, 147, is usedin the sense of “anticipated,” ‘was 10,—Tlat in the strait of Sanda, 1988, ;
stood still.” In Psalm CXIX. the psalmist says: “I prevented the dawning of tbe lished only nine or te n years bef re the play was pr dnice YY : sas ' earlier than 11,—Because from the complexity of the organ, the brain, when jreferred tedin the r4
See eee Does this latter passage aleo Fefer to & miraculous Interruption of the course aokene?, WOGs GPE TOE EGP CPOTEy TASTES EANGHION SOUS OF The Gene PRee | To a limitation upon the number of cara allowed tobe attached to the express senso of the understanding, is commonly spoken of in the plural. 4
- et bad to put the private car on the accommodation, because the Only express 81.-Of what calamitous possibility dil the anpporters of the Panama Canal scheme | trai: 12.--Size, strength, speed and bottom (endurance),
train golug West was the limited.” To what sort of limitation does the phrase ‘the liim- toremern dhele comperiiors as} Ban Jus8 del Hortel int Gdidns dente | -Both studied medicine, 13.—The centenary of the evacuation of the City of New York bytthe Britialytro:
sea" aude) cess of converting motion rent? - 4.—'The entry of the German troops into Paria, after the capitulation of that city in OM November 26th, 1763, after the treaty of peace an@ tadependencoibetwoemEngland ¢j

3,—What similarity is to be observed in the mental training of two popular writers process of converting notion into current?
7 8

3.—(a) None of the melons is ripe. (b) None of the melons are ripe, Ia (4) fanity and the United states,

|
of the day: Ibsen aud Conan Doyle? rip . the Fr »Prussian war of 1270-71, 4
4—What extraordinary ceremonial procession took place in Paris on the fifty-sizth English? I4(b) faulty Fuglisn? Faulty or not, whatdocs «s) mean? Faulty or mot, what | " oh 1 cilkoe al <i. F 14.—That the planing-machine in question plance both sffies of agpiece offlumber at,. /

anniversary of Nap  leon’s landing at Cannes from Elba? does (b) mean?

-If ten gallons of water were ponred into a seven-inch pipe, how high wonld the one operation

water rise in tue pipe! 15.—Buccaneer

b= Wh wr standain the second ©. P, ent », facing the centre of the stage, .—T he e y
w TPR HC ts mann ond ey Gan won oA ashes og NO CLAIMANT FOR THIS SPECIAL PRIZE. Le_tinioncer ¢ becomes e deameton sadam nn

tud 112 deg. a0 W.. near what body of water wonld it then be? . ‘ a _ wea . ° 17.—(a) Aspeech in an exalted strain, (b) A silence on an islandrisinggbat

see hich of the wnasterpieces of the painter whose cult made Buskin's repatation A special prize of $500 was offered to any person who could answer successfully 90 per cent (135 of the 150) ghove the vel theme, a
mo any ytieor anybody elae'acun,”" (b) “The sun’s heat or anybody else’ Ts (a) of these 150 questions without the aid of The Century Dictionary and Cyclopedia, but using instead of it any ten 18,~Mortar is not made of pure limestone, nor of any Mmestone, Whenaprepared
ee tin One ‘ae’ a uehie ie voloans outbreak in the strait of Sunda, other works of reference with lime made from pure Hmestone, it 1s unreliable for use in masonry underwater,

1¥.—That the house was once @ convent or monastery; that it is eituated on orenear a

883, or that at Poinpeii in the ve Tut
1 rthata inpeii in the year 7¥ chain of bills; that it is also near @ brook and that the Drook abounds in creases.

iL The phrase “cudgel thy brains” occurs in “Hamlet.”’ What characteristic of the
brain stugesats the usage: ‘brains’ rather than ‘‘brain’’?

12.--Name the four chief results of the betterment of the Ranidae by methodical
reelection,

14,-What centenary excited enthusiaem in all parts of the United States and es-
pecially in Now York in the latter part of November, 1583?

Vols,
hi -What would you xuather froin the statement that “this new planing-machino The Encyclopedia Britannica (with Sup.), 20 Wheeler’s Noted Names of Fiction, °

Out of the 4,800 persons who tried for this special prize no one has yet succeeded in answering the 135 ques-

tions without using decidedly more than ten books. it is of interest to know that among the books most largely 20,—In A. D. 26, when He was about 80 years old,
used were :

21.—No time at all

22.—The Porteous Riots at Edinburgh,

24.—To be silly, for though the words mean nearly the same thing, “‘silly”’ denotes a (a
still weaker and more contemptible etate of mind than “foolish.”

Vols,

avea time in the same way asa perfecting- press’? : : :

at 1 ‘Taking your dvparture from the yonere) subject of piracy, 904 vocalling such Johnson’s Cyclopedia, s gs &© & 6 8 | Imperial Dictionary, + «© © © @ © @ @ J 24.—Un Ballo en Maschers, originally called Guatavo ITI.
etices AaB Dore captives to Walk the plank or marooning them, ind your way toa 8 ah lé 7 5 i -

Ronn whisk Misa hunted years kuc, DICUEEE to mind an Boneet industry, but whicl: Standard Dictionary, oo @« «© @ a | Bartlett § Familiar Quotatio , «oe I 25,—~Guns,—ae engines for throwing missiles

26.—Greater, by 8,165,468, 4

27.—His “Knight of Malta.” Pletcher, Massinger and another wrote “Tho Knighteot ;
Malta,” before 1319.

28.~—Aristobulus III, grandson of Hyrcanus IL, was drowned at the instigetionof

tte HCAME ASSOK dl he most horrid ¢ os, , ’ , ose - . :
oer Wha \the approximate difference i i lometane wevween (a) the earth's polar International Cyclopedia, . . .» 15 | Haydn ey of Dates or Harper’s Book ;
inete ue Jitse to lameter’
watt taD Paraphrane: A apeech in@ lofty key.” (b) Paraphrase: “A silence one History i ee 7 ; Scharp’ History ‘of the English Church, a 6
Grove’s ionary of Music, . | s i, ‘
I

low lying key

is. —Ia mortar made of pure limestone reliable or unreliable when used in masonry z , ’ we Herod, king of Judea, George Plantagenet, duke of Clarence, one of the conapiratorm Ja
eats | iat ¢ us items of information can you glean from the fact that an old Engtish Earth and Its Inhabitants, <r s ig Webster's International Dictionary, cr ey against Edward IV, was also drowned, while he was imprisoned in the Tower of Lon-
country house was named Creasbeck Yoke Abbey? , bie uh Allibone Ss Dictionary of Authors, : je. 0S ° 5 | TOTAL Number of Volumes, sis « € & 100 don, The accounts of the fate of both restupon tradition ratherthan certain knowl-
20.—According to the generally accepted chronology o © life of Christ, in what i ‘ ‘ : a — ° edge

ear did His formal teachings bezin’ > yas > e rite . 5( Yetwee L } C ary Lyclope diz an 'tae® ” ha 48

veer Bie formal teachings Ve GF acs tem, ton cntth 14. tneite Sei otis This offer Ww as made = ord r to invite c ym parison I etween The Ce ntur y Dictionary and Cy clo} edia and other 20.—""AB You Like It," founded on Thomas Lodge's “Rosalyndo, or Fuphues Golden,
miles how | ha, approximately, does it take its attractive force to traverse that interval works. Any dictionary or cyclopedia, or other work contaming any number of volumes might be used and counted Legacy.

a finence the cartl orbital motion . ot : 80.-T 5

ca 29 What rot pes urring in 1738) was made the foundation for one of the novels of as one of the ten works, SA\~'508 S00S0 Grom 58 Se 0D Guanes aT Setar leads.

31,—Of the possibility of the injury, by earthquakes or volcanic eruptions, of the
canal which it was proposed to constract from San Juan del Norte, across Nicaragua, ¢

the Wizard of the North
24.--Which is the worse lot. to be silly or foolish?

 

24,.—-OF whieh one amoug Verdi's op ras was the title changed because of a crime the Pacitio Ocean
which was committed while the re) earsala were in progress? 84.—Which ayllable of the name of the author of th) novel "Crime and Punishment” 6,.—On his left. i.

25 —Which first found use in England, guns or guupowder? takes the stress’ | 7.~-Uver the Great Balt Lake 32,10 per cent. or leas, 4

26.—If the population in Chicag) in Lsvl had been double its population in 149, 35.—If a man travelled westward unswervingly from Peking, what city posscesing es . id e°" 7 88,~Neither (a) nor (b) is faulty. The meaning of both phrases is the eame,—tha' |
and it continued to wrow at that rate, would its population in 1803 have been greater more thana million, aud less than @ million anda haif of inhibitants, would he en 8.--The Slave Ship, by J. W. M. Turner, not one of the melons fa ripe. ° * . mv wad
or less than was the population of Greater London in 1svl? counter? ‘ v.-(a) is not faulty. (b)is faulty, since it uses the three worde “any body else” 3 The third viz: D to

7 r one P Fi e p » G a 7 2 ‘ » yron owner « Yowet> ay? a ., ¢ — | rs “e" *
omit Which one of Titan's pictures bears nearly the same title as @ 17th century 23.— How lobe wae hat Bern, curnee of a +3 ; my HAE Aba hana ahasd @juivalent to “any other body’) asa unit attaching the possessive au‘iz to the whole ; epiadelohie Geanavn vd

id ue @aignitie ce e ’ Y c the 1 che e ‘ ‘ aa,— " hia, ania.

22 —What (a) was the manner of death of the grandson of Hyreanns II. and ter represented by Mive, Duse in Peliico’s [th eoutury traged) ? Phrase, a if ithad been compoxs tot the pronoun, @uybody, with «lse, as in (a), Tho Bs.—For twenty yeara—trom 1798 to 118,
(b) which ove ofthe conspirators who struggled against Kdward IV, died under the 88. What are the threo primary cliuzacteristics of & good boil r for an ocean se of else nthe senge of ‘other,’ in this phrase, is also ineleyant, {f not strictly 87,—Bad head,
same conditions? steamer? incorrect. ix —Compactness, effective steaming capacity and economy in consumption of fuel,

 

LETTERS FROM THE PRIZE-WINNERS.

The following letters were all written before the results of the Competition were published, and are, therefore, doubly interesting in that they show that the writers had not regretted the time spent on the papers, whether they should win prizes or not :
CAPTURED FIRST PRIZE. WON FIFTH PRIZE. NO DUSTER NEEDED | A MINE OF WEALTH

=e
——_

 
 
  

   

 

Mr, C. H. Payne, of the New York Bar, awarded $500 in Gold, Letter from a Railroad Man who was awarded $25, How a Prize-winner kept the Books Clean | Mr. Holliday, of St. Louis, learned how to Extract the Prectous 4: i
| . An > . 0 \ | by
Office of C, H, PAYNE, Attorney-at-Law, Office of BALTIMORE AND ONTO SOUTHWFSTERN RY. CO,. 2 Dupont Circle, Washington, D. C, Metals from this Mine, "
154 Times Building, New York, | Cincinnati, O THI? CENTURY CO |
. . A TroRY © Perna ae nen To PE ‘ | Law Offic I ’ 7
THE CENTURY CO.—Asa practical book of reference upon questionsof all kinds, | THF CENTURY { oO. ast é Whe Cini Sick ; ; ‘ ‘ Nothing ¢ yuld have been planned to teach one how to use The Century | Se alee atnh O. hg A ‘|
. , yaud Cy j . : y » + The constant uso o e Century Dictionary and Cyloped a during the Di tionary and Cyclopedia better than giving ont thease questions in this interestin THE CENTURY Co vat ee =e We
Centur, ict Cyclopedi bl e ‘ y } 4 7 , i
The Century Dictionary aud lopedia is adiuirable. IT have consulted it frequently, recent prize competition has only contirmed the high estimate T tormed it shine prive competition. We handled every volume inany times and already feel tt 19 au ol GENTLEMEN . L entered thie contest primarily with the ides of provid! |
since I owned it, on @ great varlety of points, to answer questions about the meaning when its volumes tirst came in successive instalments from tue press scl sider rent, aud Liew tried aud true one, consult it constantly some eptertaininent for my leisure moments, and with very little ex sa tation ot he ne oh |
of words, about dates, historical events and persons, about a great variety of things ae mont BORO LAY Feld ie nee we) rt rica, While tia t or th 4: onr other reference books, of dil h we have many, vathered dust, and found awong the prize- winners ; ial = ; rein
sn hank enkhen ceshinn, im. Avan A cake Se : ; charm of ijlustration and general avalled t ibd fale to keep the housematt’s brash emplored; while The Century from But, to me, the great beneti: derived from entering this co ‘
which I have come across in eading, nu conversation, orin everyday life, and I have | _ It enjoyed @ pre-eminent dist itor a pl f ¢ tre nti is @ bright and inviting on the exterior as we have found it on the in- tion tomy rand of general information, nor in the Sisatiloieet at fed. D ee ¥ }
never failed to getfrom ita full, clear, compact and satisfactory explanation of what international fame. [1 matters of ety molow } 1, at acluurabiy terbor the confirmation of my previously held op nion that The Contury Dy “tho era veo in,
I wanted to know The clear arrangement of the matter under the vasious heads and complete, while in spelling aud pronunciation it has from the Qret been rea i th Mx daughter has worked nearly all the answers so well that ber father, impressed pedia is indeed amine of wealth, butin tue experience gaine rip th MARGICe wie + a.
the fullness of the cross-references are very useful features of the work, : standard authortt: ; with the benefit auch researeh would be to her all her life, bas promised to double of extra ‘ting the precious metals from this mine, Chis exercise furmehed ng sethods, +i i
fhe Competition has certainly taught meawood ded both about the use of the work The prize competition will unjuestionably have a wide ednoational it tue nia what rpriveshe may win, She hos been for many years and is now # St. Nicholas insight foto the thorough manner ofthe compilation of the Centn Fahd ite cneae a
and abou! various matters touched on by the questions, and it has impressed mo prove instrumental in inepleimy a loy f study aud developing powees of clear t bel yirl and won a third prize in one of the contests of that mavarine, honorable mention in and careful co-operation betWeen ite various departments whict wil ne the a curate } {
greatly with (le breadth of the tleld covered and the vast fund of information contained snd re top on aston ‘ | , ae & houreh iA t F t ‘ participation in. this t t, avotuer, «bof which, however, stimulated herto strive for this one, over which she the futuce use of the work, and inspires a feeling of ¢ Dade 18, that if you det ane ty
mit there has doubtless resulte La vast accession positive nowledgwe and muspe ted has spent many hours | what you are after v Mm ‘ s é s ae do ne r j
Thave never made a purchase with which I was better satisfied, — revelation of the intellectmal treasures that the greatest of pr ferd k u With many thanks for the pleasure you have afforded us, reference to the sreiet kent Vente han” MORE AO We TUPIRNOD TIER UOEOE” OFF |
C,H, PAYNE. tiins ' WILBER Dt iS, MRS. ANSON MILLS , JOSEPH G, HOLLIDAY
woreens a
i

1 The Century Takes the Place of Thirty
Other Works.

Here is a list of some special works which it has superseded ;
1—An Encyclopedia of Common Things, with 7,687 illustrations of birds, animals, plants, build-
inps, tools, machines, musical Instruments, statues, etc.
4A Complete Defining Dictionary.
3—A complete Atlas of the World, containing the most perfect and beautiful maps ever published,
4-——A Biographical Cyclopedia, giving an account of every person of importance, from Adam down,

Volumes, can be bought at
5—A Gazetteer ot the World, including nearly 200,000 geographical names.

6—A « »mplete Pr ynouncing Cyclopedia ot Proper Names. — 7 ] 6 h Milli
Cyclopedia of Historic fo io date les 3 iti i stag Ys Ey ag RIN
vk aes of tel See sa ed se Orman id dl Gh during the Million-Dollar Sale of “Th
ood
8—A Cyclopedia of Commerce, Finance, Banking, Insurance. ail tema ww i bepeieeee 9 h W ‘
! Century” at the Wanamaker Store. Join

The Edition for 1900, complete in Ten Massive

 

      
 
  
 
 

\ © PB 10-4 Compendiom or Legal Terms, with references to cases

NCE dejaimen of seca acto hanya, eolgy logy mieniey the Wanamaker Century Club (entrance
fee $1) and the half-price privilege is

| yours. The purchase is completed

leisurely—in little monthly pay-

radium of Theological Terms.
dia of Medicine, Surgery, Physiology, Anatomy.
f Military and Nautical Terms.
15—-A Compendium of Terms in Engineering.
16—A Complete Glossary of Electrical Terms.
17—A Cyclopedia ot ar! and archaeology, mythology, sculpture, ceramics, lacquer work, enamel,
embroideries, heraldry, armor and dress—all beautifully illustrated.
18—Handhook of Are
m = €=19-—An Astronomi

13—A Cycl
14--A Glossary

 

hitectural Terms,
Dictionary, with definitions and illustrations of constellations, etc.

 
  
  

Corner

    

A A 20—Dictionary of Music. / :
: 21—A Treasury of Quotations, familiar and unfamiliar—about 300,000. h { f b rs
22—A Glossary ot Abirevi'ions, in alphabetical order, Not a hapharaed list at end of dictionary ments that only ligure about © GP oft and fill in the blank and
23--A Dictionary of Philology and Etymology, showing the history of words more fully than any o mail it to-day to
v

JOHN WANAMAKER
NEW YORK CITY

  
 
  

other work, 10 Volumes contain over 3,500 pages,
: 24—A Standard of Spelling and Pronunciation. 150,000 Encyclopedic Articles, ‘
i 25—A Complete Collection of Synonyms, ; et
} f= 26—A Handbook of Names in Fiction, Poetry and Drama. 500,000 Encyclopedic Definitions, o
eo

  
  

   
 
  

  
    

 
   
 

pL 27—A Standard Dictionary of Technical and Mechanical Terms, measures, coins, tools, machines, 300,000 Quotations, . You may send me illustrated booklet of
; etc. richly iMustreted, as 200,000 Indexed Geographical Entries, specimen pages of The Century Diction-
28-—-A Handbook of Literature, giving the names and descriptions of all well-known books, plays, 8,000 Superb Illustrations, ary and Cyclopedia and Atlas including
ems, Operas, ‘ °
29—A Bible Dictionary. ‘Tells of the different books of the Bible, as well as all places and persons 340 Maps—in —, {i sample map, and terms of purchase and de-
Fy named, $1,500,000 was spent in producing the first set of 10 volumes. a da scription of the bindings to aid me in my choice.
30—A Handbook of Popular Names and Nicknames, as ‘‘Nutmeg'’ State for Connecticut, ‘‘Boz'’ $5,000,000 worth, at retail, sold already in this country alone. y-
for Dickens, “Maid of Orleans” for Joan o€ Ase, the ‘Rall-Splitter” for Lincoln, $150,000 worth sold in England during the first 30days of sale. NAME
E ADDRESS
This Coupon
; J \ \ A N A M A KK E ie NEW YORK. ensuite oreo" SAVE FROM $37 TO $89.