Popes

Pe ie

 

 

 
  

The <e Sun,

THURSDAY, JANUARY 25, 1900,
= ~~
Subseriptious by Mat! Vostpald,
DAILY, per Mont! #0 50 |
DAILY, por Year “60o
BUNDAY, per Year.... 200
DAILY AND SUNDAY, por Veat 800

DAILY ANU KUNDAY, per Month... .ce0e w
Postage to foretitn countries added
lug Sus, New York City,
Pants—K o-jue No. | h
Biosque No. Iu, Boulevarcoch

ar Grand Hotel, ant
Cap cines

V0 cur friends who favor us with manuacripta for

geblicntion wiih ty hres rer ‘bares turned, hey
@usl in all cass nd lamps for that pur
—

They Invoke Abraham Lincoln!

ABRAHAM LINCOLN has been summoned
agaln, this time to the baref the House of
Representatives at Washington, as a Wt
Bese for AGUINAL Do a lthe right of rebel.
Won against Anercan sovereignty and the
flag of the United?

The statesinan Whose
orhis gongenital lack of the
ridiculous, impels him to call upon ABRA-
BAM LiNUOLN, of all men, to testify in
behalf of rebels in arins

hates,
natural hebetude,
sense of the

against the United
States Government and tlag, is the Hon,
THowas HH. Baty of Texas, a Democrat,
Convresstuan Bath has twiee taken ad-
Vantage of the current discuss ou of appro.
priation biils to interject speeches
to give aid and con ort to the waning
insurrection in the Viilippines. The first
time’ was on Tuesday last, whou the Urgent
Deficiency bill was before the Touse,
Mr, Bann chose that occasion to reply,
to the best of his ability
of Senator Beveninoan at the other end
of the Capitol a week eawier. On Vriday
again Mr. Bath bounded into the debate
on the Pension bill, briuging a series of
alleged extracts troun LExcoun’s speech in

4 designed

to the speeel

the Thirtieth Congress on the Mextean )
War. “Let Mr. Lincoun speak,” shouted
Mr. Bann, ‘and should ht migruave find

Tesponse in the hearts of the Filipinos and
encourage them to further effort, levethe
respons bility rest upon the great father ot
the Republfean party, who sald:

“Any peopleanywhere, ty ing inclined and having
tho power, have th: t

hitter @ up and shake off

the oxlating wovernment aod forma pew one thit
Buite them better, Thie isa uit valiable, @ most
pacred wight. arizht w hi we hope and believe isto

berate the work, Nor is thie ryht confined to
cases in which tha whole people of an existing
government may choosetoexerteeit, A portion
of such poop le that can may revolu fonize and make
thelr own of so much @ territury aa they
inbabit,’”’

Mr. BaLi and AGviNaALDO and the Agni-

Naldians are Weleome to all the neourages |
ment to be derived from the eonstruection
they may put upon tanguage said to have
been used iu 1848 by Congressman AbRaA-
Ham Lincoun of Uibnos

For it was the saine AURAMAM Liv OLN,
now called as witness to the inalienable
right of rebevtion and secession, who afters |

ward put down, with solemn courage and
intinite patience born of an infles.bie pur-
pose, the most fo attempt in a'l
history to shake of theexisting government
and form a new one that suited the rebels
better. It was the sunie Anmanay Livconn
who won immortal fame, and sacrificed his
owr life in coniiting forever the doctrine

midable

that any portion of the people living
under the American ag may revolutionize
and make their own of so much of the
territory as they inhabit.

The Revival of Talk Abont European
Intervention in South Africa,

Tt is asserted by many representatives

of the press on the Continent of Europe,

and it is also adn ed by the London
Spectator and the National Beview, that
thero is a renewal of the pr%eet of eon.

certed intervention in the contest Lerween
England, and the Boer repubites,
New evidence is brought forward
our judgient, the fun
against the adepiion of such A& course ree
main unsiaken,

Accord ng to our English authoritles, the
most active supporter of the movement in
favor ot intervention js Count Movnavrew,
the Russian Minister for Foreign Affairs,
Under the title of * Count Mouravinw's In-
discretion,” the Decenber number f the
Fortnightly Re eounted how lar
October, while M. pr srivan, the Russian
Ambassador in London, was makluy pacific
protests to Lord Sanisnrny, the Russian
Minister for Foreign personally
visited Paris, Madrid and other Continental
Capitals and endeavored to organize a cor.
wert of Europe to remove the South Afrienn
Question from Great Britain's control, just
pgan attempt was made in April, 1508, to
take the Cuban question out of the control
of the United States. [tis not pretended
that the Ruselan statosman’s purpose was
pproved by bis Gaperial master, or even
known tothelatter; only in the event of it
fcoeptance by the privcipal nations ot Cr n-
tral and Western Europe, was the plan of
intervention to be submitted to the Czar,
and advocated on the plea that Burope had
become converted to the principles enun-
@Mated inthe roar: Owing mainly
to the German Pinperoi's refusal to lend it
apy countenance, Count Mounavrew's
@nterprise Was coo failure, and the Kussian
Foreign Office now denies that it ever
made any efforts in the direction of eon.
berted intervention.

In view of what actually took place Inst
October, the Spretator and Ne
Warn their countrymen
tocrediblo the idea of foreign intervention,
but to take for granted (hal Count Movr,-

Some
but, in

Ininental arguments

ww 9

ime
fairs

reseyipt,

mal Review

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

could deal England @ serious blow, It fs, | tion and its receipt of $30,000 annually
indeed, acknowledged that the two Conti. | from the New York city ireasury, did not
| nental nutions named might be unable to | change it Into @ charitable institution any
more than similar powers exercised by cole

_ | cope with Great Britain on the ocean, go far

as warships are concerned, but it Is urged
that they could otrike her on land In her
two vulnerable points, to wit, India and
| Egypt, and, by means of commerce destroy-
ers, could cripple her mercantile marine
land obstruct ner food supplies. It ts
| further argued that if, soon after the outset
of thy contest, the prices of food stapes in
the large towns of ti United Kingdom
should be materially raised, the artisan
population, whieh is numerically prepon-
derant, would insist ona disgraceful peace,
Such are the Ideas expressed by the Con-

tinentul advocates of a concerted intervene »

tion between Envland and the Boer
republics. The fundamental facts remain
that the Czar is seriously ave: se to picking
a quarrel with England; that, in the
interests of the Paris Exposition, the
French Government would carnestly en
deavor to dissuade their Russian ally from
any move likely to disturb the peace of
Europe; and thet the German Emperor
proved by his visit to Windsor that he is
determined to avoid a rupture with, the

United Kingdom. It is true that the Berlin

Government night have been driven into a |

persisted
rights of
danger from
when the
released and satisfac-
tory ns with reference to the
future were given by the British Foreign
OMee

a ime
remnain

Engiand
neutral

hit

away

hostile attitude had
in infringing the
German — subjects,
this

Bundesrath

souree passed
VWus

UrAnees

It is also probable that those who
that Kaiser Wienram DL would
retiy neutral inthe event ofa war

botween Pranee and Russia on the one hand

and England on the other are reckoning

Wthout their host. It is much more likely

that the German Emperor would forbid @

war by refusing to give any promise of neu-
trality, He could searcely afford to remain
neutral while treniendous changes {n the
balance of power were threatened by Franeoe

Russian attacks upon India and Egypt. Ho

would require compensations whieh {It

might not be convenient to furnish,

We do not agree with the National Review
in revarding the Russian Emperor as inthe
position of arbireroft the peace of Europe,
Phat position is oceupied, for the moment,
Ly WitniaM IL of Germany, and, without
vncotion, be concerted intervention
between England and the Transvaal will
take place

fhe Court of Appeals and the State
Board of Charities,

at hand, of the majority

nions of the Court of

| jing what is popwarly

Known as thi State Board of

Cherities aguast the Soclety for the Pre-

The text, now
” ty or
}

eals in dee

and min

enso of the

' ventionot Crue'ty to Chiidren confirms THB |

SUN'S Opaou that the dee sion is of sueh
jan extraordinary character as to tako
| the inference plwusible, at least, that it
woes very much further than the Jeorned

Court) roaily intended, It is not an

eXauggeration to say that the decision has

thoroughly disorder d what have been for
years the siiple and well-understood rela-
Lions existing between the State authori-
tics and a large class of Institutions super-
Visecdi by them. WoaMlrm this with all dua
j Pespeet to the menibers of the Court of Ap-
| peals, Who are, of course, jurists of the high
| ost probity, discretion and intelligence,

It will be remenibered that the case was
the effort of 1 Prevention
ot Cruelty to Cuildren, commoniy known

iv Soeiely for the

 

 

as the Gervy lety, tu escape ih» Visitue
tion and inspee ien of the State Board of
Charities, The Special Term and the Appel-
t late Division of t Supreme Court in the
First Department held uuanimously thet

the society was sulject to the supervision
The Court of Appeals, by a
mnajor.ty vote of one, has reversed thes:
decisions. Both the majority opinion
written by Judge O'Brien and the dingente

of this board

ing opinion written by Judge Martin
seom tO dssutne that the sole question
involved was whether the Gerry society
was or Was nota “charitabe” institu.
tion, If ft was a charitable institution,
it was under the control of the State

Board of Charities; if it was not a
“charitable” institution, the Board of
Charities had nothing to do with it. Judge
Martin, who had Judges Vannand Haigur
with him, wretea
treatise, discussing: with exceeding detail
the hi ndiicon and present opera-
| tion of the Gerry society, and concluding
that as all the facts showed that the word
“charitable” could be more accurately ap-
pled to the society than any other term, it
properly fel. under the sway of the Board
of Charities.

Now, the State Board of Charities derives
its powers polmariy trom scetion 11, Article
VILL. ot the State Constitution, as amended

Ory, ¢

in IS04, as follows:
The Legis ature shall provide for a State Board
of Charities, which shall we! and inapect a’l instetn

tufions, Whether Staie, county, muudeipal, tncorpo-
heorporated, which ave of a charitable,
tional or reformatory char-
stich fistitutions as are hereby

raved or nut
nar, rie
excepting only

acter,

 

niade enbject to the visitation and inspection of
either of the commissions hereinafter mentioned,
but imlading all reformatories, except those in

convicted of felony aball be con-
» Lunacy, which sball
All institutions, either public or
private, the care and treatment of the
insane (not including institutions for epileptics or
id ot#),@b ale Comimuission of Pritons, which ahall
visitand inspect all tustitutions used forthe deten-
tion of sane adults charged with or eonvicted of
crime or detained as witnesses or debtors,"’

which @anht mal
fined; a Btate C
visit and inspect

IN URSOn

used tor

In making provision for the board, as the
Constitution directed, the Legislature, in

hot to scout as 1 1805, enacced a svatute declaring it to be

the duty of the board to visit, inspeot and
muintain a general supervision of all institu-

VIEW is biding his time, and will renew his | tions, societies or associations which were

proposals should the British arms again

encounter a severe reverse in South Afriea
or shoul England afford a pretext for
interference by a violation of the rights of

neutrals. It is pointed out that an
English movement might be very plausibly

defended at St. Petersburg, notwithstand-

Ing the fact that Nictocas —
partisan of peace, and is
in his pacifle inclinations by M. pn Witte
the Minister of Finance

be told that intervention is desired sulely in
the interest of peace, and that in Eugland
itself there isa strong enough peace party
If |
Nicwouas I. could be provatied upon to | a
offer hie mediation, there is but little doubt | gunous tor the ent

to preven’ such action being r sented,

 

that France would oT
matter what might be the effect
proceeding on the prospeets of the
Bxaposition

certainly meet with a peremptory eejeetion |
on the part of Great Britain, the resultant |

friction might jead to war, Such, at least

the Continent.
Those who want a war assume, of course

that Engiand's extremity is her enemies’
Opportunity, and that, if the German

Em

would only consent to

-o?

liad vw wines A:

anti.

IS AaASiNCera

zaniously upheld

rar might

is the calculation of Eng land’s enemios upon

huritable, eleeinosynary, correctional
| or reformatory character, Whether State or
niunicipal, im -orporated or unincorporated,
| adding tue tinal proviso:
|

ot us

“and imetitutions,
| whethe
ublncorpe
charitable, eb

tivnal aes,

societiog and associations,
ounty, municipal, incorporated or

prinale or ¢

Blate,
rated,

Acrwist, Which are ofa
Tiosyuary, reformatory or correc-

 

| Avan, in. 1896, the Legislature passed a
State charities,
ih suostunce repeating

lises quoted from the laws of 1505, adds,
iter valuing certain institutions:

‘And all asylums,
ther Biate
ineort

Beherat act reiting to

Which,

 

While

 

ospitals and inatitutions,

intoipa!, incurporated or
ve te or otherwise, except insti
ly, caro and creatment of the

Ounty, ub

rated

‘rate with him, no | Imsane, BFe suojectt the Visitation, inspection and
of such a | supervision
Paris

As the offer to mediate would |

f the stere board of Charities, its mem
| bers, OLicers and tnape
} out

Proceeding
| State Bou

iv dssimption that the
“1 of Charities could only draw,
Wished-for aucbority over
io Gerry society irom tue use of the word

”

{tf ut ail, its
ul
“charitable” in the Constitution and stat-
| Utes, Judge O'BRiEN, in the prevailing
| opinion of the Court, declared that it was
clear that certain exemptions and privi-
leges enjoyed by the Gerry society, namely,

intain | those of capacity to take and adinjnister

very tong and elaborate ;

the |

| tewes, academies and other institutions

turned them into public or private charl- |

ties. Such a definition would Include all
organizations of a religious or benevolent
| character, and the desire to use the definl-

tion in that sense vould not be linputed to ,

I the framers of the Constitution, Tho gilet

of Judge O'Brien's decision is, however, |

contained in the following paragraphs :

| ‘The powers of the board over charitable tnetitu:
thons origimated in the abuses supposed to exist in
the appropriation and expenditure of public mopey
for charitable purposes, Therein is to be found the
reasou of the law, and it ts safe enough to assume
that corporation that does not fall within the rea
| eon of the enactment is not a charitable {natitution,
even though engaged in a yood and laudable work
without gain or reward, The Loard was empowered
to deal with charitable inetitations, pot in
the Lroud and general sense to which I have
referred, but in more limited and restricted seuee in
which these terms are used in the Constitution and
the statute. The scheme of State supervision was
notintended to apply toevery inatitution engaged to
some yood or commendable work for the relief of
huwanity trom some of the various ile with which
| itis adiicted, but only to those maintained in whole
| oriu part by the State or some of ite political divis-
} ions through which charity, as such, was dispensed
| by public authority to those having # claim upom

tue geuerosity or bounty of the State.’
. * . * ° ° *

“Toe charity with which the State i» concerned is
something quite different. ‘That consists in tie dis
tribution of relief or public aid, the fruit of taxation
levied alike upon the willing and the unwilling.
The right of visitation and regulation applies only
to those inetitutions, pablic or private, through
whch the State fulfils this function, They aloue
are within the reason of the law, and, consequently,
within its scope and operation,”

We are bound to say that we think the
Court of Appeals hus made an error of grave
import in limiting the powers of the State
Beard of Charities in this case to those
only which are literally implied from the
word “charitable.” Such limitation of
the board's functions would entirely strip
it of the necessary power, and would, fn
deed, leavo no board of State officers or
other State authority with power to exer-
cise wholesome Supervision over many
institutions which, while they might not
be exclusively “charitable,” were yet
places in which people were restrained
of their liberty, and as such were in obvious
need of proper State control, The Con-
stitution and the laws which we have

) quoted have heretofore been taken by cons
temporaneous construction and by the
unanimous acquiescence of ail concerned
to mean simply what they purport on
thelr face, namely, that all those places

| tn the State where people are kept or

} conflued that are classifled in come

{mon speech under the title of ‘ine

j etitutious,” are subject to the broad

| supervision of the State Board of
| Charities, except such inst.tutions as are
devoted to lunatics and criminals,
| intent of the organic laws and of loygislative
enactments has been absolutely under-
etvod Lo be to make the Board of Charities

a sort of State Council, in whose care all

{ustitutions, save those of the two excepted

were to be included, The intent

/ was not merely to see that mouey raised

| by taxation Was advantageous'y expended,
| but that the inmates of inetitutions should

; receive sanitary and humane treatment

| and that there should be, Ina general way,
ho mismanagement,

|
|
|
|
|

Classes,

It is a matter of history that the Cone |

stitutional Convention of 1804) deliber-
lately set out to widen the hitherto ree
| stricted powers of the State Board of
Charities. The wording of the entire
| Constitutional section relating to the
| board breathes this spirit, as is seen in the
| peremptory direction to the board to *
and inspect,” in the extension of the detini-
' tion of the *treformatories,” and in the ex-
! elusion from the authority of the Lunacy
; Commission all institutions tor idiots and
| epileptics
more imperative and comprehensive than
the Conatitution, extending the power of
| the Board of Charities to all institutions,
‘private or otherwise,” and making it
| obvious that the board was to visit and
| supervise for broad and general purposes
all places of this sort within the State,
| It is, therefore, both startling and puz-
' gling to flnd the Court of Appeals constru-
! ing the Constitution and Jaws on this sub
“Yect so as to restrict the powers of tho
State Board of Charities solely to those in-
stitutions which are supported in whole or
| great part by the “expenditure of public
money; ’ the legitimate coroilary of which
doctrine is, of course, that the board ean
only concern itself, once il has entered such
institutions, with the comparative profit or
loss with which public money is being laid
out. This decision leaves in our State a large
number of institutions, in which people
young and old are restrained of persunal
liberty, whieh are subject to no State
inspection or supervision, save that exer-
eised by the Supreme Court in its inherent
} but only nominally used powers, By this
| means the Gerry society, is not only en-
abled, it it wishes, to hold children by a sort
of letive de cachet until they arrive at the
age of sixteen, but is permitted to bar its
doors to the entrance of the State officers
on any and every pretext, and for any and
every purpore,
If such is the rule it had better be
undone without delay by the Legislature or
by the Court of Appeals itself,

Visit

 

 

‘*Injurious to the Service.”’

A second series o? appeals has been iasued
to eollect funds to Luy a house for Rear
| Admiral SCHLE.. Since the movement for

this purpose Is made In behalf of an officer
of the United States Navy, it is sufficieatly
public in its nature to receive the public
comment which justice demands.

Money fs asked for the benetit of SCHLEY
as adeserving man, of course in spevial
connection with the Santiago fleet. In so
far as the effort begins in a political de-
sire to worry the Adininistration or in
animosity to the Secretary of the Navy, or
in spite against Admiral Sampson, we will
not stop to criticise it; but, if any one thinks
of aiding it under the impression that he
may thereby be rendering due honor to a
worthy officer, we Commend to his or ber

the conciusions reacued by the Santiago
commanders on the oerasion of their visit
to the President on January 2nd, to discuss
the affairs of the Navy :

* There Was general unanimity Among the officers
thas, if the grade of Vice Admiral was create i, there
should be but one, and that this should wo to

| the Commanderint bef of the North Atlantic
| Sqia ipo.

| lhere was yeneral unanimity of opinion that,
| where charges of ‘reprebensibdle conduct’ stood on
! the record against an officer, thereshould be noesich
reward for him until he shonld have asked for ap
ingiury, or until they were explained, as this would
be injuriows to the serviee,’

| The first paragraph in this report refers

 

 

to SAMPSON. It is needless to say that the |

second refers tO SCHLEY,

|
|

#HE SUN, THURSDAY, JANUARY 25, 1900, :

———

 
  
   

——_—_-—
& strict neutrality, France and Russia | bequests, the soolety’s freedom from taxa | be regularly freed from the charges | certain of beating Columbia at bin next at-

against him, are pronounced by a body of tempt than Columbla is of boating our
men whose right to speak for the Amerl- | brave old Defender,

can Navy cannot be questioned, to be ‘In-
jurious to the service.”

This must be the view of our Navy, or
of any navy, American, English or Euro-
pean, for the reason that by the official
records SCHLEY ie unworthy ae a command-
er, and guilty of something that men in
uniform the world over shrink from with
unpardouing abborrence, ap act of fraud,
To honor ScHiey under these circum
stances is to put a premium upon what a
navy must condemn or confess tteelf de-
serving of all honest men’s contempt.

It is in the power of every one to contrib-

proposed, It 18 not within the power of
any one, however, 60 to subscribe without
flouting the American Navy in a matter In
which it should have the most careful and
vigilant support,

 

The Utah Whirlwind,

“He got a whirlwind of applause when
he sat down.”

This, we are told, was the experience yes
terday of Mr. Lannw of Indiana, at the
conclusion of his speech ip the House of
Representatives in opposition to the ad-
mission of BRisHamM H. RoBEnTSs to the seat
in Congress to which he has been elected by
the people of Utah,

Well, men often receive whirlwinds of
applause for advocating that which is
wrong, while those who oppose a violation
of the right are treated coldly by the
people,

There are parts of the country where one
of the most popular things a man can do ts
to participate in a lynching party,

In the long run, however, it is a pretty
good way to obey the jaw and help tomake
others obey it, no matter what may be the
consequences Bo far as praise or blame are
concerned,

The men in Congress like LrrrLEFIELD
of Maine and De AkMonp of Missouri who
favor the admission of ROBERTS are not
afraid to face the misrepresentation which
holds them up to opprobrium as advocates
of polygamy. They are no more triendly
to polygamy than is the Archbishop
of Canterbury. They are friends, hows
ever, of the Coustitution of the United
States. They know that the Constitution
does not perruit the exaction of any qualifi-
cation for membership in the House of

| Representatives save those which are pre-

The !

+, !
The statutes secm, if anything, |

seribed in the fundamental law Itself.
They fear—with grave cause for that fear
that the imposition of unconstitutional
requirements in the case of a polygamist
from Utah toeday may open the way to
obstruct the admission to-morrow, or next
year, or some time tn the future, of some
Representativelect, perhaps from New
York, nerhaps from Iowa, to whom there {fs |
no more valid objection than that the major-
ity in Congress do not like him and theres
fore propose to keep him out. And real-
izing that the only course for men who
have sworn to support the Constitution is
to support it, they are doing so with all
the vigor at their command,

We cannot view the attitude of the Ree |
publican majority in this matter
pationce or toleration, The Republicans of
the House, for the most part, have simply
succumbed to popular clamor, Knowing |
that they can rightfully expel a polyga-
mist, although they cannot lawfully exclude
him in the first instance, they seem de. |
termined to pursue the wrong course and
create @ precedent which will sureiv prove
a peril to freo government,

We must he oft-
repeat d and whoily in pertinep. charge
that Utah has violated the compact under

ute money for SCHLEY's benefit on the plan
'
|
|
|
\
|
|

with |

add one ouservation o

ordinance asrainst polygamy, to forma part
of the State Constitution The ordinance
was duly adopted and is in the Btate Cousti- |
tution of Utah to-day, Utah, in
words, has done precisely what the Federal |
Government required to be done as a
condition of There has been
no violation of any compact, But if there
nad been, What pena ty has Congress power |
to impose upon th Is Utah to be
relogated to her | rew.ous status as a Terri-
tery’ If so, Why sould her Senators be |
permitted to remain in one wing of the |
Capitel, while her Representative is kept
|
|
|

Which that State was admitted into
the Union, This so-cailed compuct ree |
quired the euactment of an irre pealablo |

'

other

admission.

state ?

out of the other ?

“Whirlwinds of applause” for the oppo.
nents of Roperts have altogether
much to do with this whole business
controversy has brought with it from
Vtah to Washington a different sort of
whirlwind whieh bl nds the representatives

|
|

tuo

The

of the people to the true meaning of the
Constitution.

 

 

Columbia and Shamrock,

Two opinions well worth notieo were
expressed in the last number reeoived of
the London Yaehtamaun, One was that of
Mr. WiLuiAM Fire, the father of the da.
signer of the Shamrock, Mr. Fire saying
that Shamrock Was beaten because she was
“serewed up,” that is, her rigging was too
tight and her canvas too flat. “I believe,”
said Mr, Firn, ‘that the Columbia is as
good a yacht for her inches as has yet been
built, but at the same time 1 believe Sham-
rock is as good as Columbia under equal
tnunagement.”

Mr. Frrn’s study of yachts has been very
long and full of success, but it evidentiy
belongs to the age of wood, not of steel,
Whieh now reigns. The steel mast is not in
his experience, for if it were he would know

| that to wive to it the play allowed to the old-

| the British breast the presence of strong

attention the general newspaper report of |

|

| they see It sigued by HeanesHorr’s own

fashioned pine stick would result in dis-
aster, It was either rigid shrouds or a
bueklod mast, on Shamrock or Columbia,
for they were both essentially alike neces.
sarily, One has nothing to gain over the
Other in this respoct,

The comment upon the situation ex.
pressed by the Yachtaman itself has prac-
tical interest, inasmuch as it indicates in

hope that a winner of America's cup may
yet be designed:

"Mr. Fire's second attempt will, beyond doubt,
beagreat improvement on Sharrock, and very It
tle indeed would be reyitired to win the trop Vv,
provided the boat were well tried before sho weat
out, Me HeaBesHorr bimeelf thinks he has reached
the ne nins wtra with Columbia, If that is so, we
aro certain that Mr. Five could win the cap,”

Our contemporary knows more than is
known on this side of the water, Where
hus Mr. HERESHOFF that Colum-
bia can't be beat, or at least that he ean't
beat her? We know of no authoritative
statement of that nature,

We advise Britisi designers not to begin
to place credence in any such report untii

said

name, and even then for it to be at ail
worthy ot consideration it will have to bw |
accompanied Ly & guarantee that a boat
capable of beating Columbia shall not come

Honors to SCHLKY, While he refuses | from his hands, If left to bimself, Harne-

to ask fox a Court of Inquiry that he may | auors in our beliet, is oniy a little less

a

; commanders have,

, But nothing ts #o belpful of action as
! hope, We would do nothing to suppress
forelgu designers’ contidence In themael ves,
for it leads to intervational yacht races, o
moet excellent and enjoyable sport,

 

If Kansas City doosn’t get the Democratio
Nationa! Convention, she will fall back with
Just pride on the Hoo Hoos, Kansas City in thy
bite of Club Namber One of the Concatenated
Order of Hoo Hoo, and a man who bers the
rich title of “Beer of the Mouse of Anvivnts
bud Keeper of the Emblem of Keve lations” {a
lecturing there The title Is exactly demeriy-
tive of the Hon. Jim Jowes of Arkansas, aud
shoul. be conferred on bim ff he yovs to
Kanone City.

 

 

In view of the Brittsh War Office's ac-
knowledged lack of accurate information con-
cerning the Boor country and the apprehen-
blone with regard to the effect of the South
African climate on the unseasuned horses em-
vloved by the English forces, the jaunty cun-
tempt for maps expressed by the At. James's
Gazette, ove of the most strenuous advocates of
the war with the Tranevaal, seema” singularly
outof place. Lua recent number it says:

"New military wape will svon be wanted if more
Giseases are loud oo exactly iu Bonth Africa,
Zones of borse sickness and colored spheres of in-
fueuce of the tee tee fy will be given. Binderpest
will require maps constantly bivaght up w date,
Malarial fever will be suown in shale! relief sovoid-
ing to Virulence, Amateur strategisis strange to nay,
have never urged enticing the enewy int ground
infected with horse sickness, or bottling Liu up in
country freojuented by some malignant udcrobe, as
phases of the newest evientife warlare, Command
ing officers will have t> tseue mouzcling orders tour
cavalry horses. Unfortunately,in all the the atta k-
ing force is, onve wore, at a disadvantage.”

No facts concerning the enemy's country can
be neglected with safety in time of war. Inthe
Franco-Prussian War the Freneh found that
the knowledge of the topography of France
possessed by German officers was one of the
most effective means of success. british cav-
alry commanders will have to take into con-
sideration * zones of horse disease and spheres
of influence of the tsetse tly,” for, as the St.
James's Gazetia correctly adds, “South Africa
is altogether an unhealthy place Just now.”

At a meeting of the Rhode Island Dem-
ocratic Central State Committee, “the question
Ol disciplining mem bers of the State Committee
who have neglected to pay their annual
4s-essinents waa taken up.”” Bueh negiect is
aimost ineredibie. Is it possible that any
Khode Island Democrat is slow to respond to
the glorious summons to chip in for the re-
demption of this fair land from the myrmidong
of MoLocu? Col, Bayan didn’t come Last too
soon,

Special elections to fill Assembly vacan-
eles in New York are rare and when they oceur
are filled almost invariably by the choice of
Denioeraliocundidates, for the reason, perhaps,
that the interest ot Republicans is diMeult to
arouse at by-elections and Demooratic district
Organizations are usually superior in thor-
Oughness to those of the Republicans, The re-
sult of Tuesday's speeial election in the Thir-
ty-first district, however, at which the hepub-
liean candidate, SLATER, Was success’ul by a
large majority Wasa complete reversal of the
ruie at such elections, and the frst instance in

New York in late years when a Republican cane |
didate was more successful at a special than at |

a general election

The explanation of Tuesday's voting ts this:
The Republican party has come to be regar ‘ed
as the lawWemuking party in New York, as ihe
Albany Legislatures have been uniformiy Rep-
pudlican since ISG. At the general election of
November, when tho normal issues of the cam-
buign were complicated by alliances
by the Repablican party locally, the Thirty-
first district was close, but on Tuesday, on the

| direet question of the poiittes of its Lewisiative

representative, the
hearty supporter of the

Albany, was cleary shown
tion is important ju view of the tact that both
brunches of the next Legislature are to be

popular preference for a

| filed this yearin November,

THE SITUATION IN

The suspension of all news from Netal sinea
the receipt of Gen. Buller’s deapateh tothe
London War OMee, announoing his intention
of making a night attack on the key of the
Boer positions, is ominous of til omen for the
British, shoull the assault have beon ate
tempted, Until precise tnformation ts
ceived the silence may be interpreted In two
ways, The assault may have been attempted,
but have miscarried and resulted in a continu.
ous engagement, the result of whieh was
awaited by Gen, Buller before telegraphing.
Orthere bas been po assault at al!, and the
notice of intentioa of making it may have been
merely @ruse to divert the Boors’ attention
from some more important object elrewhere

From the Boer accounts it would appear
that a number of the (ree State and Transvaal
together with the Free
State President, Mr. Steyn, been making a ree
connoissance of the 8 tuation on their extrome
right with the result that they decided that the
primary object of Gen, Warren's ove was not
60 much the turning of their right dank as to
seize one of the Drakensberg passes, fora Pre-
toria despateh states that a battle was raving
along the Olivier’s Hoek road sinee Saturday
between the Boers under Pretorius and 6.000
Iritish, and that flighting was in full swing
round Spion Kop; and that twoadditional com-
mandoa under Botha and Cronje had been sent
to re(nforce him. Another Pretoria despaten
speaks of tho British having bridged the Tugela
toward Zunklea, where they have established
ovast commissariat, This definitely locates
Warren's division, which would have about
the strength estimated by the Boers, it having
had, according to the last reports of its
composition eleht battalions of intantry with
some field and howitzer batteries and naval
guns, the cavalry brigade under Lord Dundon-
ald acting as an independent command. The
fighting reported has been going on on the
main road that runs from Lsteourt across
the Little Tugela and the Sterk Spruit
to the westward of Zunkles, and across the
Tugeia to the eastward of Bethany and west-
ward of SpionKop,and from there onto the point
wiere roads diverge tothe Olivier’s Hoek and
Bezuidenhout Paasea, and to Acton Homes,
from whore one road goes to the Tintwa Pass
and another on to Ladysmith by Dewdrop,

The tmportance of the position of whieh
Spion Kop is the key is now very clear, and
the tenacity with which the Froe Statera
especially are defending it is explained, for
should the British succeed in capturing it and

eo push back the right flank of the Hoor de
fenes, the road to the Oliviers Hoek Pass
Would be opened, Should the pass itself then
be seized, the whole Boer position on the Tu
gela and imme tiately ound Ladysmith
would be compromised The great qepot of
provistons at Zunkies deseribed tn the Pretoria
despatches, may now be presumed to be the
temporary base Sopot of the division acting
toward the O.ivier’s Hoek Pass; and accord.
tig to the Boer reports it is supplied by a
light deld railway laid from Gen. Buiier's for.
mer headquarters at Frere through Springfleld,
This jocation of Gen. Warren's division makes
he positions of the other portions of Gen. Bul-
er'é force comprahensifie, Gen, Clery being in
the contre, and Gen. Lyttleton on the right:
the movements of ye last two depending on

Warren's operations against

hort now waking by the British fn

NATAL,

res

 

Natal is to recover the ground lost by the Free }

Btate Govergment taking the initiative, and
eelzing the Van Reenenu'’s Pass on earning of
the intention ofthe Uritish to oeaupr it with-
out waiting for a de*aration of hostilities
Bhould Gen. Buller succeed in galniog posses.
sion of the Olvier’a Hoek Pass, ang throwing
astrong division with arti.ery and a strong
Cavalry force into the Free State, the relief of
Ladyemith would be at onoe eff cted,

the campaign,
worth some sa@criuce, jor aa a hase for the
advaoce on Pretoria, Natal with i's shorter
distance rom the coast to be travoracd, in
Infiniteiy preferable to the route by any of the
rner lines, and the turning of the Drakens-

rg Paseos would f roe Gen. Joubert to

ST

made |

party dominant in |
The demonstra. |

and |
| AD entirely new turn be given to the course of
To attain this object would be |

ead withdraw into | Alure some wooks ago.
Ja ROO

     

ARTILLERY 1” ACTION

——————— 1
Long Range Guna and Lyddite Shells tn

the Boer War.

  
 

There has been mach misunderstanding in |

regard to the gnna and the shells in the Boor
war. It was natural that the British should be
outranzed at fiat, since theirs wis the real
fleld army of invaalon, far from its home base,
which could bring ap at fret only Held mans
(nssuming thelr unprepared state at the out-
break of the war), while the Boers conld bring
up their long range guns (necessarily ens ot
position and not trae Meld gunk), much earier.

Although the longeranwe guna of the Boers
prevented th» British guns from being uso to
the beat atvantage in certain enaes, it shout
bo remembered that the Brithh gonethat were
losl were pot loxt throngh the Boer artillery
fire at all, but through infantry fire solely, The
British attempted to de exactly what our fled
artillery at Santiago was blamed for not dong
(at lonst by aome of the Infantry oflvers, who
evidently did not understand the proper use of

tleld artillery), ‘That ia to aay, the fleld artil
| lery ‘nSouh Africa, in order to carry out Its
| orders, was compelled to expose Its men atthe
wune without having Ite own infuntry auM-
elently in advance to protect them, and conse-
quently bad them #hotdown by the Boer in-
fantry scattered about and under cover.

As it was, the British have been compelled to
improvise long-range guos, and improvising
always means a sacrifice of other qualities in
order to obtain the particular one desired,
Thus,theirlatestis an adaptation of the carriage
of the 12-pounder rapid-fire gan to the 25-
pounder muzzle-loader, which gives them &
gun of long range, to be sare, vat its mobility
is far less than that of the fleld gap, the weight
being nearly doubled.

The effect of the lyddite shells has been
greatly exaggerated. These shells have been
supplied to the navy, and were used with the
nuval guns that had been landed from the
ships aud taken to the front. They have beep
@rranged with a delay-action fuse, so that they
will not explode instantly on impact, but a few
iustante after, the object being to have then
explode after penetrating a certain thickness
of armor, thus producing greater effect against
armor. In their use on land the Boers have
constantly reported that only one in four ex-
plodes at all, and generally they will not ex-
plode unless they strike @ rook.

The British artillery, in the intelligence, edu-
cation, training and esprit of its personnel, is
a& mode! corps that may well be proud of its
achievements, and #0 long as the war in South
Africa preserves its present characteristica, it
is the artillery that will win or lose the British
battles, consequently the question of providing
} proper material, light guns of long range anda
proper shell, which was pegleeted at the begin-
|

Ee

ning because there was no chief of artillery to
see that it was provided, must be met at once.
ARTILLEBYMAN.

TUE TWO PUNCTIONS OF Dh, BRIGGS,

An Episcopalian Priest Who Is Pledged to
Teach Presbyterianism,
From the Church Defence,

A reporter of Church Defence called at the
' Unton Theological Seminary on the morning
of Monday, Jan. 8, and inquired in our behalf
if the Rev
make any solemn promise to teach Presby-
terianism, although he is now an ordained
priest of our church, Our reporter was very
courteously received, aud was handed a copy
of tho “Constitution and Laws of Union Theo-
logical Seminary,” and his attention was called

| to page LU, Article LL, sections 2 and 3:

very member of the faculty, shall, on entering
upon his omes, and treaniall, thereatier, or whon
} required by the 1¢ as he remains iu
oilce, make and subs or be the tollowing declaration
ju the presence oft the board, viz;

Tn the presence of G@ J and of the Directors of this
| seminary, ( solemuly atria that L believe the S rip

ard, eo long

    

of God, theonly infallible rule of faith aud practice
that Treceive and adopt the Westininster Confession

of Faith

 

thereof, as ¢ ti Lv tus system of doctrine taught
} in Holy Scripture; that Lapprove of the principles
tof the Pes nan Form of Government; and that
Twill not tea hanythiag which suallappear to me

' to be subversive of the
the prucipl
a@ I coutinue to Lea professor in this sem

If any pr
or whine
above dJeci@iation, be
professor in tuo wnstiiut ou

said system of doctrine, or of
sof said Form of Government so long
ay.

fessor shall refuse, at the stated tie
re yuired, by the board, to repeat
shall forthwith

  
 

the
‘case tv bea

Here then is amanin our priesthood under
solemn orth to teach for one communion the
Wee'minster Confession of Faith with its
clearly expressed doctrines, and under a like
solemn oath toteach for another communion
the Prayer Book with its clearly expressed
doetrines- “under sacred vows to teaeh for the
first the purest lrotestantism, under like
sacred vows to teach for the seeond the purest
faith of the Catholic Church against which all
true Protestantism is a protest,

Too Much Attention Given tothe War,

|

!

To tHe kytron or Tar Sun—Sir> The papers,
Tur SvN among them, publish news items which
tend to show there iaa war in Africa, but to me it
do ent seem tu be true, and there are many circum
stances that would justity my belief. We are told
in Dig Lesiers that 60,000 men on ca hb side tought
furiously, with exal ed bravery, all day, The casual
ties onthe @ide of the aggressor are two men hurt
and one ofthem “real bad.” Another ttem assures
Us that the tate of the British Fuapire depends upon
Mr, Bungler getting into Sir Jones (soe Village),
and also on Mr, Wait getting o1t, stocks, bonds,
grain and cotton (have a few bales) all depend tn
price on the provress made by Mr. Bangler and his
companions, Meantime Wade, or row, across
the Tuwgler hiver, Vrices go up, No!
culy half across, Prices go down again,

and is dn

the
They are
All this is
ipally to the
Hence given by the bewspapers to th
fet’ in Africa,

It may seem to the Londoners like fiebting

 

aimply folly, prin pron

farcical ‘con.

» butto
Maintod With the history ¢
country these paltry en
of the bulletins
counts tel
fo trom an intrenche | pe
wounded
tempt of the idle, and u
tion of a business tuan, Who has something to do iu
the world

If our bonds, stocks and cotton have to enhance
orde n Value according to the Hnetuations of
this opera boutfe conthet
everythine and money in chestnuts.
They, at least iherack in the fire, If the British
Fup re will split asunder becanse of the botoL job
Afrva, detheraplit os
to loug Meantime. |
th ose ent
will dPoptot
hein an fr your
dive them the obl
b ailyett
When the
An

an AW Gia we f his

Voters area wally burles.jne
Prosaiuably
rps driving a determined
tion and the cost
ws isw

of war, mthentio we.

Us of an aPiuiy ¢

a few

goore Buch D rth only the con.

{ @ woment’s considera.

» We bad better got rid of
invest our

in South © has held toweth
venture the
Hoivabeet bes ot both

ir deser

Pituol that the
{des in
bt positon of ute

J ,
Db

work and do ba
illeged con bateuts have fon

rican style, Where 40 per cent. of
' ‘inded, it will be

uth Africa
C.F, Bra

 
 
 

Africa
optibl
Pynor
tuerit

“I os

  

and ole

aaa hers

Phen we

       

ht a

  

i row
aooute War ins

   

Monstrosities in the streets,
To tur Fottor or Tar sux—Sir, |
Twenty-third street to-da

saw oon
between Fitth and sixth

ah Unfortihatedooking speci

ayenties, uoof lia
| nauity soliciting alms from the passers by. Th
mau wasabout 30 years of age. with a “terrified
look upon lis face, and each time he took a step
body «wayed far over to ony

aie
side, owing, Tpresnine

 

   

  

 

 

 

to congenital or tnfantile paralywis, wud) pr ybabiy
intensiied by adeewe on his part tu reach the evi.
\ be es of the p t + that Way theirpock ¢
Do» ke. The whole iv? Awe Moe yeouve apd
Gis Press.ug, And euch upforiinat beat ires should
Bot Le owed upe our B.reeta Loads be, they
should be car 4 for) the proper .uthorttion,”
There iso.e clase of persons such a rignt is par-
ticniorly distressing to. efer to voven ! need
| Dot Lere discuss the nh wheher is possitle
| fora motherto ‘mirk rebild on utero aa the re
} suit of her “impres-ions Sou believe sucu a

thers inaintain Jt iaiinpos

thing often happens,
| The fact remaina, however, th

@ible

 

of women believe intuet.eory.a
half to

} Wh

the @atica

are Worries leath during

lest thairchild will be
) of their having
Heome ened repuis.ve-looking object as the ¢ ne
| above referred t

My humble judgment ta, we should protect these
| women as mn h ae possible by keep ng snch pitiable
} @igite. cou their view, A Ncw Yorn M.D
New York, Jan. 28,

  
 

 

 

Chamberlain Thanks an Ohto Poet,”

To tur Eptror or Tar stw- Mr. Tom More,
| whoia well known throuchout Ohio aaa writer, ora.
} tor and port, hae recaiveal a vote thanks from

| Zaglen \'e War Secrotary, the Ri Hon, Josepu Coauw-
erain, for & recent battle poem writiea by Mr,
Georon Praxours,

 

ato, Jam. 93.

Codewms Sere,

|
|
|
|
|
|
|

Dr. Briggs had been required to |

 

; Maine
| Christ,

cavalry and artillery, and partially supplied

| starve !, on
| matters ax the mancouvres in which
| should betrained.the num ber of traine

| they would have been

 

 

 

THK BRITISH MILITARY SYSTEM,

ene
Ita Fatal Deficiencies Pointed Out by alg
Charles W. Dilke,
. Prom (+ Londen Daiiy Mail,

L addressed your readers in IMB to porulire
ive digeussion upon the Army, to polntout why
the Army is needed, and espectaily to domeogs
atrate the Impossibility of bringing Wars to ug
end, by the securing of an honorable pecs,
without the exiatence of an expoditionyy
force, It was then shown how little we pose
sessed “an Ariny fit ata sudden call for any of
the duttes’ which bad been set forth,

The regular army was shown to havo @
smaller proportional supply of fleld vitilery
than any other army in the world; iol the
Britian elector was adjared to give Gb ls prefe
erence for enormous expenditure uy uae
dentary defence and to recognize the tact thag

| offensive operations might easily b@ fesen al

to our national existence Ia many ime
stances that conld be foreseen, Bihee the arte
cles were written and endorsed by you we

have escaped the danger of a war with Frajoe
over the Fashoda question, ant escape, |
throngh the known efflelency of the Deir ay

fleet. The sudden and enormous dee. ve

preparations o! France in Tunis atthe tm. of
Fashoda, which are now fuily deweribed to ug
fn Mr, Lockroy’s book, show what the bronoh
military and naval advisers inforine! tholp
Government that we were likely todo

What is now passing in South Africa, | four,
may teach us tha’, however perlect may bo the
gallantry of our ofloers, and howeversteadfuag
the courage and discipline of ourmen, we were
not fitted by our military organization to
undertake the task of drawing out the Preach
fleet to be sunk, orof bringiag the war to an
end by means of a counterstroke on lant at
some spot as much “across the seas” to France
as to oureelves.

Nove of those who have taken the best
meaus of Convincing themselves of the nature
of (he pew Freneh gu can feel that our artil-
lery would be able to cope with the weapons
with which Frauce is armed, In the discus-
sions of the last ordinary session of Parliae
ment, Mr. George Wyudtam, defending the
War Offve —as be did with conspicuous ability
apd with delightfal + loquence--fully @! mitted
that the existing condition of our artillery
could only be defended for the momentasteme
porary and transitional, Mr, Powell Williams
did not attempt to deny that it would be
necessary to rearm our artillery, but he
puld that we were not yet certain of the
best type of gon, and that) experiments
were being actively pushed, for the resilt
of which it was necessary to wait. He seemed
to think our own gun as good perbaps us that
of Germany. This IT am not concerned to
deny. It is certainty not, however, the Les¢
gun in the world; and the numbers of our guns
are on a footing which, consideriug the overe
whelming cost of our Army, must be | ro-
nounced ridiculous, The House of Commons has
bever been told the trath; it has always been
willing to accept every proposal put before it
by the Government; and so far from parsimony
being displayed, the House of Commons
has been rated by successive Chancellors o! the
Exchequer as being too willing to encourage
military expenditure Our own expenditure
upon tand fo.ces and fixed defences in the |ime
pire has now reached a eom far larger than tie
expenditure of France upon ber army and
navy together.

Upon these for the last ten years France has
spent pretty steadiy 1,000 millions of francs @

ear—forty millions sterling. We should, but
orSouth Africa, have been spending in the
present year in the Empire on land forees and
fined defences forty-three miliions sterling;
and Lagree with some of your correspoudents
who have repeated an observation in your
columos whieh we reformers for many years
past have often made—that any man of bus-
iness who bad this matter of the land forces
of the Empire entrusted to him eould do
better for the money. A certain sum
has to be dedueted on account of fortifications
undertoken for the Navy and farereon purely
naval stations. But this is only a smal! sum as
compared with the enormous figure which has
been named, On the other band, in spite of the
gigantic character of the expenditure upon
lari forees aod fixed defences, the army in
India alone bas been sufficiently supplied with

 
 

wth transport,

The army at heme has constantly been
account of the expense, in such
enerals
horses,

the artillery, the cavairy, ammunition columns

| and the Army Service Corps.
tures of the Old aud New Testaments to be the Word |
) umus to be such that, although the W
| boasted of the existence of Army corps, every
| realstep towar! the solid creation of such
uallthe es ential and necessary articles | corps would have to be taken partly at the
| War Office after war had begun, and partly im
| the tleld itself,

Our military system was shown in your cole
ar Office

Everything in these corps was
“serateh; andif the resulte have not. been
conspeuonus'y successful as against Boers,
! even more disastrous
against a European enemy a year eariier,
European armies have siaffs mainly composed
o| those who have been responsible for the

| same troops in time of peace. There are some
| distinguished military erities of the War Offtce
|
|

in the Ladysmith force, and itis probable that
from them, rather than [rom any eivilian cor.

j respondent, came the bitter paragraph which

appeared inthe Ladysmith Lyre early in the
siege, to the effect that the telegraph from
London had brought the information that the
Secon! Army Corns had been discovered in @
pigeonhole inthe War Office,

Failing the joint consideration of the whole
problem of defence by asingle Minister or by
an offective committee of Ministers, which
the present Defence Committee of the Cabinet
evidently is not, the next best thing, of course,
is that a Minister so strong should he placed at
the War Office that military reform, distaste!ul
fo Very many persons of great power, should
hecarried through at al cost. Lord Lanse
downe ia most intelligent, but has not the pos
sition in the Unionist alliance to enable him to
conquer either the resistance or the apathy of
collengues, Castill doubt if itean be done, in
the first instance, except by a Prime Minister,
Atal events, it has not been done, and we are
reaping the sal harvest of resulta,

 

 

Wheels in War,
From Pearson's Monthly.

Cyelista are already bearing & large share in the
operstions in South Africa, boing employed alike by
the Hritish and Boer army for conveying die
patches,

 

 

Hlez Swem on the Bride's Present.

From the Washinglon Stir.
Second Church Auditorium, Fourth street an@
Virginia avenue southeast—Pastor FE. Hes Bwem oy
plains 'A Present Made the Bride Cry,”

Voreign Notes of Real Interest,

Venetian vandals are planning to build an asphalt
walk along the Grand Canal in order to attract
‘¢lista to the city

RK ports of Munkacsy's failing health are dented
by his wife wh says he is improving, that he always
recommises Ler, but that he cannot be roused out of
his apatuy,

Among the sights of the Paris exhibition will be
the “Horrors of War’ butiding which M. de Bloch is
filting up with pictures, models and other means of
exccUng tecliug against warfare,

Frau Lowee Froebel, widow of Friedrich Froebel,
the oria:@ or of the Mindergarten system, died re
eoutiy near Hamburg at the ag of 86 yoars, She
had survived her husba. d forty-eight years.

Gen. d' Pace loumerce, the senior officer of the
Freneh Army, has been forty-seven years @ General
Ab sistyesix su officer, He is 04 years of age and

husecrvedund rthree kings, anemperor and two
republics

  

jielivoland ecased to be the German Gretna Greece
onJan. 1, the date on which the marriage laws of
the German impire went into foros inthe miand,

Previ only the formalities reguired by the
English law bad been necessary

isly

Pepito Bodsignes Arriole ina thres-year-old Spanish
Pianist Whois @ fonishing Madrid Audiences, Hele
gail to play corr-ctly and with feeling and to be ale
ready cou os Bg. He beats Mozart's record us 6a
Intunt prodigy by three years, His father was @
5) Anish officer who was killed last yoar in Cuba.
Wireless telegraphy 6 to be employed at once on
the Dover-Caiais and the Fr ikestone-Boulogne boats
from & central station at Dover, where & pole will be
erected, ‘The masts of the boats will anuffice for the
other end of the circuit. The system will then be ex
tended probably to the DoverOstend b mata, too.

A iDrac.an triumpbal car has been dug up on the

| Hope of Mount Khodopus, near Philippopolistn Bul-

Gara All the meta lic Attings of the ohariot, ineind-

ing bronze decorative figures, and tho harness for
one horse, were found together with human re-
The oar belongs to the fourth century after

ha.cor Wilhelm presented to the Ziethen Hnarars,
Osa Sew Learn ult, acopy of the Du'ch naval tag
taken by the regiment in 1747, Itthen accomplished
the unusual feat for a cavalry regimen’ of « apluriog
amanofewar, Aten ein Dutch ig fan ashore ip
trying to break down the dikes and the Hussare
Tishaged to Loard her

There ig @ row in the Bociety of French Artiste,
The jury appointed for the Se'on of this yar, the
exhibition year, voted that each Member of the jury
Ahad of any Pievious jury, should have the prviiege
Of exhibiting emht pictures This will make 1,200
pictures and will leave room for abou: four hundred
Pictures by all other artiste. Atm recent meting of

the society blows were
of the gan, Qverted only by some om®

=——->—¢

>