}

 

 

A VERY DEVIL OF A VILLAIN IN
egue KING OF ROGUES,”

He Carries a Deadly Viper and Gives It to
His Victime in the Neck=-A Varce That
Tickles Vaudeville Audiences Doga Play
n Tune That They Don't Like Much,

“The King of Rogues” is a new melodrama
atthe Star Theatre, The author's name ia

withhelt from the programme, yet he has little |

reason to bo ashamed of his work, He has hit
the mark that he aimed at. His pleco is the
right thing for the right audiences, It
shows famillar charactors In situations
that are in some cases unusual, The story
is the common one of a murderer who
has stolen dlamonda, [9 seeking some valuable
paper, has a pair of comlie accomplices, is
shadowed by @ wronged woman, and is foiled
at every drop of the curtain, This rogue,
though, is net the ordinary article, He has
{deus of hia own, Thus he does not kill
with the long knife that glitters in the moon-
Nght, nor ts he old-fashioned enough to
shoot his victims with a pistol. Ho simply
uives it to them, oddly, In the neck. He carries
in his vest pocket, where some men conceal
offensive but not deadly ellver toothpicks, a
reptile whose ating causes immediate death.
The villain's ingenuity does not end there,
however, Atsome time in his life he has prob-
ably done aturn fo @ continuous show, for he
makes quick changes, appearing as no less
than six respectable persons and himself.
The disguises deceive every one except the
wronged woman, who has a habit of denoune-
ing him {fn a very lond voice, The
effect of these exposures ts heightened bya
calcium light and the applause of a sympa-
thetic audience. Perhaps the most unconven-
tional, not to eny thrilling, scene comes in the

third act. The king of rogues has been
trapped in his hiding place by a gendarme
(printed In the bill Gen, Darmes). Thereupon

he gives it to the pop in the neck with the
viper and walks off disguised as his victim.
This change {@ made before the audience, as
Henry E. Dixey used to, anil thus
more secrets of the theatre are di-
vulged, The murderer goes among the police,
who had come to arrest him. He fools them
all, but not the wronged woman, who, like
Sherlock Holmes, cannot be decelved. Shoe
makes things lively and keeps the plot moving.

What {s counted on as the great excitement
of the play is inthe fourth act. The scene is

in a church tower, There is a_ profusion
of canvas bells, and. the back of the
supposedly glass clock can be seen.
This huge timeplece seems to mark

the hours excellently, though it has no works,
unless they are on the front. However, that is
amere detail. There isa place at each side of
the atage, which has to be reached by a ladder,
The hero goes up on one and decides to
spend the night there, whereupon he inexpli-
cably throws down the ladder so that he can-
not descend. His dramatic inatinet has prob-
abiy told him that the eanvas beila mean
something dark and dire. The sexton fortells

trouble, too, in a quivering voice and
in the full blaze of the oaleium
It soon happens, The villain and

hia accomplices arrive and go up on the other
high piace. They wrangle a little and are
soon discovered by the wronged woman. Sha
has had her life threatened so many times and
in auch various ways that she seems to like ft,
It has grown on her. The wicked trio no
sooner see her than they begin to talk again
ot killing her, The king of rogues haschanged
hia waistcoat and sols without his poisonous
reptile. So he and his nals tle herto a canvas
bell, When the hour strikes the great clapper
will eome down upon her with deadly fore»,
After a few heroics, spoken with asnre aim at
the gallery. ahe resorts toscreams, This wakens
the hero, who has fallen asleep on the oppoaite
shelf. With more common sense than origi-
pality he swings acroas on a convenient rope,
knocks down tha villains and rescues the girl
pust as the mighty bell rings forth. Picture!

A short farce, new at Keith's, is evidence of
the reformation of two specialists, They have
been familiars foralong time in sketches of
the old-time variety show sort, and they
ehanged jokes and songs at long intervals.
Now they have an entirely freah medium that
they hired an expert to write for them, He-
cause of this enterprise the former team
name of Leroy and Clayton is lengthened in
the bills by the addition of their first names,
the title of the sketch and the assertion that it
is the “legitimate Irish comedy.” It isn't
that, but it !s an advance on the ordinary thing,

An indisereet matron has_invited an actor to
callon her after the play. Unknown to her ho
{is jugged in helplessly drunk by an trish cab-
man, who confesses that he is the type of
driver who if a passenger Is intoxicated
takes allhe's got. He drags the drunken man
ton bedroom and drops him on abe'!. Then
he tackles the luncheon that the woman has
provided for her visitor. Ashestuffs himself
with food and says of the champagne that he'd
rather have what comes at 10 conta a pall. she
woos him, Several times he seems about to
eurrenter to her blandishments, but each
time she addresses him by the actor's
firat name, Perey. and the hackman’s Irish
blood revolts, Inthe end sheealls tn the po-
lice, The hackman drags the drunken actor
to the front. changes hats and coataand makes
his escape. The woman has beer toldthat the
drunken man is her husband, In aconscienur.
stricken look, as she discovers his {dentity, lies
her chance to pointastrong mora), Ifsheian't
quite equal to that it doesn’t matter much, for
av itis the sketch {9 likely to have as many
repetitions as ay new play. Broadway has had
this winter. “Hogan of the Hansom”’ is ita
title. In writing it George M. Cohan, himself
a specialist, adds one to his considerable string
of jike achievements,

A dozen Scotch colltes are a novelty at Proe-
tor’s Palace. As they are disclosed, each is
seated inachair behind what looks like a
schoo] desk, but turns out to bea counterfeit
cabinet organ, Each has but one tone, and
there are enough of them to cover "The Blue
Belle of Scotland.” In the progress of the
tune itis shown that the musienl talent has
been developed unevenly. All the dogs that

play the higher notes respond promptly. A paw
Is put forward, the key {@ pressed and the
brute setties back composedly to await the
next need of him. At the other end
of the line are two players averea tokeeping
time, One has repeatedly to make his tone twice
in succession, fe does it quickly to get the
job off bis hands, or paws, and then winks and
rune his tongue out at the piano player, who
rests during this inning. The other indepen-
dent musicfan has the lowest tone of all, It
looks as if he doesn't like it, He makes no
reparation as do the other dogs, and after a
ong delay touches hisinstrument as if he fears
thar it may explode Even the others appear
to take more satisfaction out of standing on
their hind legs thau they dooutof their organ
piaving. One jumps — on a_ tightly
stretched wire and balances there on
his hind legs Three others stand before
heir trainer and take turns in jumping over
the sk pplog rope he swings, each making two
Jumyps before giving way to afellow. Four of
them staud erect on their hind paws, facing the
audience. Beside them their master swings
his loop of rope, and as it passes near the floor
dogs and man jump over it, keeping the exer-
cise up in skip-rope fashion, This is followed
Ly a performanee of that standard drama for
dogs in whicha tire eagine drawn aud man-
aged by dogs respon/a'oanalarm, A ladder is
raised, a cog runs up a ladder, brings out an
infant, drops on the floor and would appear as
dead but that bis nose itehes, A woe-bevone
coillein a blaek gown represents the widow
and mourns over the uneasy dead fireman.

 

Louis N. Parker is making a dramatization
of “Lorna Doone,” which Charlies Frohman
will probably use with Annie Russell in it. An-
other stage version of the Black more novel has
been made recently by Mildred Dowling for
Herbert Keleey and Effle Shannon, The pro-
luctions of both are matters of the future for
‘Miss Hobbs’ and “The Moth and the Flame”
have yet sometimetorun

The Donnelly Stoek Company, with Henry
V. and Dorothy Donnelly as leaders, are play-
ing “Never Again” this week at the Murray
Hil. Persons who remember this farce recall
itasone of the funny ones, It has «wealth of
comic incidents and eecentrie characters.
‘These latter are troublesome to the Donnelly
players, though after the first few per-
formances. they have male a gool
showing. Miss Donnelly is particularly good
us the gicl who faints at tbe most critical mo-
mientand bas to be dragged from room to

room, ‘To compare this cast with the original
would be ankind The actors who plaved
“Never Auain’ at the Garrick three years

ago made upa really exeeptional east, KM,

 

| Choristers’ Un

Holland, May Robson, Ferdinand Gottsehalk,
Fritz Willfams, Agnes Miller, kisie de Woife,
Jessie Mackaye, Anita Rothe, samuel Reed and

Itred Fisher were a hard lot to exeel, At the
Murray Hill the subseribers are talking of the
untimely death of Migs Ingham, Her place in
this play would have been the part that Miss
de Wolfe had before

George Clarke, Eugene Orinende, White
Whittlesey, Wired Garde, Charlos Harbury
Mabel Roebuck and Louise Wiaper are the
priveipals of the comoany that hlaw & Eran.
wer have engoged to sucreund Ado Kehan ir
herrevivals of Daly successe Nearly all of
them were inthe Daly foree-

Awomiantanted at the Garriek last night
whilethe seco dactol "Sher oek Holmes” was
heing aeted Chis ene, no whieh William
(iilletfte appease tock: aby pe dermioe injeetion,

caused woman to lant ony a lew weeks awe

W. A. Hareourt was engaged yesterday for
animportan? partin “The Countess Chiffon,”
Mr. Bravy has postponed the first produetion
of this play at the ‘ifth Avenue until eb, U.
in order aot to contlict with the opuning o}

| eoased yesterday, the

  

PLAYS FOR THE POPULACE, | “the amtassator.: when Wo Wore Twenty;

whieh are announced for the previous night,

Olga Nethersole will leave Washington tos
day for Atlantic City, Where she will slay uptil
heropening in ’Sapho” at Wallack’s on Mons
day, Felix Beh wn igholer has gone to takea
view of Ningara balls. He sails for Germany
on Saturday,

Mrs. Langtry is going. to show us how she re-
cited “The Absent-Minded Beggar” in London,
Starting next Monday she will speak it every
night and at the matinéos after the last scene
of “The Degenerates.” She will wear a semi.
military costume, and the reeltation will be
precedod by the music composed by Sir Arthue
Sullivan to fit and i/usteate Rudyard Kipling’s
boem,

Several prominent managera met yesterday
and decided to give a beneflt performanees for
hdward BE. iice at the Htropolitey Opera
House on the afternoon of Feb. 15, Klaw and
Erlanger will dircet the affair

On the afternoon of Feb, 8 a performanes
will be wiven atthe Fifth Avenue Theatre for
the benefit of the Sacred Heart Orphan
Asylum, Mr. Knowles bas given the use of
the house and Augustus Pitou will direct the
entertainment,

 

THE OPLRA,

Revival of ‘Die Meistersinger’’ at the Met-
ropolitan Last Night.

Wagner’s comic opera, “Die Meistersinger,”
had not been heard in New York since Feb,
&, INOS, until it was revived last night at
the Metropolitan Opera House by a
collection of singers that promised a notable
performance of it. The Mans Sachs of Anton
Van Rooy, first revealed last summer at Bay-
reuth, has been awaited with interest, and
Fritz Friedrichs, famous as Beckimesser, was
heard for the first time in this country,

Mmo. Schumann-Heink and MM, Bertram
were new to Metropolitan audiences
as Magdalene and Jogner, while in

the distribution of the other parts there was
suffleient novelty to give them especial inter-
est. M,. Dippel, aside from his appearance in
one act of the opera last winter with Mme,
Sembrich, had not been heard here in somo
years and when Mme. Eames appeared last
as Eva it was in an Italian version
of the opera which until last night had never
been given in German under the present ré-
gimeorthat which immediately preceded It
at the Metropolitan. These features gave

especial importance = in lnat night's
revival. It was known, moreover, that
for two weeks Emil Paur had been
rehearsing the chorus and orchestra

with a thoroughness unnsual at the opera
house. The announcement that the restora-
tion of the music usually omitted would make
{t necessaryto begin the performance half an
hour earlier than usual was evidence of the
serious spirit in which the production was an-
dertaken,

To many persons fond of Wagnerian opera it
must have been encouraging to reflect that
among a'l the interpreters of the important
roles only two were not Germans, and that one
of these had begun his career on the German
Ooperatio stage. This seemed at least

An assurances of the valued “German
spirit,” more important, probably,
to the correct performance of this opera than
any other Wagner wrote, [t may be lnterest-
ing to recall that the last preceeding representa-
tion of “Die Meistersinger” took place at the
Metrepolitan at a beneiit to Emil Fiseher, who
first revealed the beauties of the part here,
He has set a standard by which all his succes.
sors Will have to be judged.

It may be said at the outset that the per-
formance was, as & whole,one of the best
thatthe opera has ever had here, It was, so
fur as acenery, stage management and a gen-
eral destre to realize the composer's intent
went, @ vast improvement not only over
recant representations of “Die Meister.
singer’ heard here, but was superior to
the average Wagnertan performance given by
the Metropolitan forces {n nearly every detail
of ita ensemble effect, The results of Emil
Paur's rehearsal were evident in every scene
an! the performance passed off with unaecus-
tomed surety and completeness, except for a
slight mishap at the close of the frst act,

Anton Van Rooy's Hana Sachs claims atten-
tion firet in the ordinary course of events
although {t waa by po means the prinetpal
feature last night. fin sang with his usual
beauty of tone, marred only by his explo-
sive attack Ir was in the dramatic
phases of the character that he was least
eatiatactory, The kindness, tenderness,
geniality and broad humanity of Mans Sache
were only silghtly indicated and. were obe
viously an assumetion not sympathetic to his
nature. It was to Fritz Friedericha, who sang
Beekmesser, that the honors of ret erformanea
went, The European reports of his excellence
were not exaggerated, Tho broadly comie
side of the character was a@ever ao fully
and amusingly «depicted here before and
he easily dominated the scenes in which he ap-
peared, He accentuated amusingly the malav-
olence and pettiness ofthe role, and his en-
tire performance possessed a dramatic com-
pleteness rare on the oneratiostage, His voice
was admirably suited to the sentiment of
the music. Horr Bertram made a cana-
ble Pogner and_ the small parts_ that
fellto Lempriere Pringle and Antonin Muhi-
mann, were in better hands than usual, Herr
Dippel sang Walther. and proved moderately
satisfactory in arole of regent years associated

in the memory of New Yorkers with
giowing achlevements His voice is
acarcely suffieient for the role, and
his atyle of singing is not adapted to

{te beautiful eantabile measures, But it ts
owing to Herr Dippe.'s presence tn the com-
pany that “Die Meistersinger” waa vossibla
at all this season, and the audience had reason
to feel grateful to him for that circumstance,
if for no other. His performance, however,
commanded respect on its own account.

Mme. Schumann-Heink added delicious
humor to the role of Magdalena in action and
voice, Mme. Eames as Eva did not seem to be
in her hest condition, which may have heen
due to the fact that she waa sinwing the rolein
German for the first time, In the third act she
was in better voice.

Mr. Paur kept the orchestra well under con-
troland the chorus showed the effect of his
discipline, But in his realing of the aecore
there was less cause for satisfaction. He took
the tempo frequently at a orate which
destroyed much of the beauty of the musie and
there was often noticeable a lack of light and
shade, of rubato and variety without which
“Die Meistersinger’ can never possess its
greatest charm,

NOTES OF THE OPER 4,
Mile. Ternina Has Recovered and Will Sing
on Saturday Afternoon,

Mile, Milka Ternina is so far recovered that
ahe will make her first appearance at the Met-
ropolitap Opera House on Saturday afternoon
as Elizabeth in “Tanuhaeuser.” Several times
before her appearance has been announeed,
but her iliness has compelled a postponement
Sinee her arrival in October

in every case,
Mile. Ternina has sung only six times
fn this country, Although a member of

the Damrosch Opera Company — several
years ago, she has never sung at
the Metropolitan. and this may be regarded
as her first appearance in New York, Since her
yrevious visit to this country she has acquired
yer great fame usa Wagner singer,

On. Friday evening Mme. Sembrich will be
heard ja "Don, Pasquale,” ant Mile. Calvé will
sing in “Cavalleria Rusticane At the Sate
urday evening performance “Faust” will be
given by MM. Saleéza, Ovellier and Pringle, and

  
   
    

Mme. Eames, Mantelliand Bauermetster,

Milo. Calve will sing at the Sunday evening
coneert “Air du Livre” from “THamlet,”” and
“Sirdu Mysoli” from “La Perle de Bresil,”

Mmes, Schumann-Heink and MM. Plancon and
Saliguac will appear with her,

Harvard's Goethe Tragedy Representation,

Caxvpripse, Mas-., Jan, 24.—It has been an-
nounced that in connection with the Goethe
tragedy, which Mr. Heinrich Conried of the
Irving Place Theatre, New York city, is to pres
sent at Harvard sometime in March, lectures
covering the suljeet will be given by Prof,
Morgan of the deportment of Greek and Prof
Schilling ofithe Gerinan department. The for.
mer will lecture on the [phigenia of Euripides,
giving the Greek conception and development
of the story. Prof, Sehilling will treat of
Goethe's conception and exeeutlon of the
sfory

 

 

Mary Hampton Leaves the Frawley Com.
pany.

SAN Jan. 24.-Mary Hampton,
the actress, has resigned from the Frawley
Company and will soon leave for Naw York,
T. Dantel Frawley saya Miss Hampton needed a
vost and he insisted on her taking @ vacation
When she olnect «lo he released her Miss
Hampton says she was frozen out of the com

ny togive place to Frawley’s new favorite,
Vary Van Buren

FRANCISCO,

Chorus Girle on a Sympathetic strike,

ait rotations for asettioment between the

tthe People’s Theatre and the strike
the Hebrew Actors’ Unton
managers refusing to
with the union, The
~terday morning ordered
a aympathetic strike of the choristers, and the
eoatumers and bill posers also quit work,
Later seven of the chorus girls gave up the
strike

NOTICK OF

neg
niunagers '
s inembers of

ms

to de
nye

have anything

“STALE AUCTION

REAL

SALES
to occur each day are printedin Tas MoRnina
suN. This will meet one of your requirements
iM you ure interested Ia Leal Letute,x—Adu,

| THE SUN, THURSDAY, JANUARY

 

THE EVANS COLLECTION,

 

I.
The exhibition of pletures comprising the
celebrated William T. Evans collection of
paintings by American artists begins this

, Morning at the galleries of the American Art

a

SSS SSS

Association, 6 East Twenty-third street, The
gallories will be open day and evening until
the first day of the sale inclusive, which ts to
be at Chickering Hall, on Wednesday evening,
Jan. 31, Next Sunday the exhibition will be
open in the afternoon, There are 270 pie-
tures, of which about a score are water colors,
exclusive of the pictures in this mediyn by
Mr. Church, and the whole suite of five galler-
{ea is occupied, The walls are not crowded,
and there are but two rows of pictures, with
#ome little space between them, The hanging
has been extremely well done, each room pre-
sents aharmonious appearance and the top-
most gallery (E) has not been made a recepta-
cle for everything that would not fit in in the
other rooms, but contains many of tho
best works and shows a4 fine average of

merit and interest. ‘I'wo catalogues huve
been prepared, with text identical in
each. Both contain a sympathetic Intre-
duction by Charles de Kay, the wells

known writer on art, biographies of the paint-
ers represented in the collection and deserip-
tions ofthe pictures. This catalogue raisonné
is published in hand-book form and in an
‘dition de luxe iilustrated with thirty-flve ex-
cellent photugravures of aome of the principal
works in the collection, Both books are hand.
somely got up, with printing in black and red,
and tasteful covers adorned with the collector's
monogram.

Among the visitors to the exhibition there
will be many who know that Mr. Evans's col-
lection ia a very fine one and that he has been
years In making it, and have seen a number of
his most important pieces in club and public
exhibitions, Many others there will be who
have seen the plotures inthelr cwner’s huuse—
in hl@ gallery, musio room, parlors, dining
room, halls and stairways, but none, it
is safe to say, will be quite prepared for the
splendid array made by the collection
a3 it ls now seen. While we may regret
that some pictures whioh are on the second
row are not on the I{ne, and in the most prom-
inent places on the line at that, because they
are such good pictures and deserve everything
that can be done to display them to the greate
est advantage, we know that the only way to
have placedthem thers would have been to
remove other pictures which seem equally de-
serving andimportant. Itisa quite possible to
see @verv canvas very well, however, and it
will not be out of place to caution the visitor
Q@gainst studying only those on the lower
row. Some of the best things in the exhi-
bition are over them. As for visitors
who are educated in art, but do not know the
collection as a whole or in part, they havea
rare treat in store, They will find on the walls
some of the most celebrated pictures, both in
landscape and figure, that the American
school has to show, and they will see many
more that have gone direotly from the studios
to Mr, Evans's house, or that have been seen
once, perhaps, in some one of the annual ex-
hibitiona and been almost forgotten ever

since. They will see, also, a consider-
able number of pictures by artists who
rarely exhibit publicly, if at all, and
they will find all these so admirably

placed, so intelligently balanced in groups, with
various masterworks as centres of panels, and
disposed so that none may hurt {ts neighbor,
that they cannot fall to be deeply impressed by
the aplendid showing here made by our native
painters. The casual visitor, finally, he or
she, who goes to the exhibition to satisfy cu-
riosity as to whatsort of an exhibition a super-
latively good exhibition of American pictures
is like, will, we hope, not be disappointed. If
such bs the vase, then let that visitor humbly
resolve to try to find out what artis good and
why it ia good, and return to the galleries with
acom petent guide. No better opportunity for
improvement, let It be said, ts Ikely to oceur
soon again, just as this is @ rare occasion for
enjoyment for those whose lessons have been
learned and now rejoice. As a last word in
these general remarks may he added the wish
that the exh! bition as {t stands might betrans-
ferred to Parts,so that the Old World might see
what our artista at home have done and van
do, forthere, where guitivation in the arta is
more widespread than with us, there can be
no doubt that this collection would provoke
great enthusiasm, anda verdict would be given
that every provincialeminded soul in this
metropolis would respect.

The acknowledged masters first! There are
seventeen landscapes by George Inneas, eight
by Homer Martin and thirteen by Wyant. The
representation of each is fulland complete and
notably so forthe lasttwo. Four or five of the
Martins belong in his very highest claas, and
nothing like the splendid array of Wyants has
aver been seen before, The Inneasea include
such masterpleces as “Georgia Pines,” “Winter
Morning, Montclair,” “Nine O'clock,” “Mont-
clair by Moonlight” and the large landacape
with cattle, “A Summer Morning.” The
works of these three painters are scattered
through three of the five galleries and there is
no way to review them 80 satisfactorily as to
taka them as theycome, This is true, also, of
a!l the pictures, except that gallery B, upstairs,
is entirely hung with the twenty-one pictures
by F.8. Church, N. A, and gallery C adjoining
it contains nothing but figure subjects. Wo
may begin then with the large square gallery
A on the first floor.

GALLERY A,

On the east side of this room, in the centre of
the line. hangs Homer Martin's “An Old Church
iu Normandy,” No. 2867. The mosa-covered
church is fin the right centre of the compo-
sition; there is a pool of water in the fore-
ground, and on the left are a cottage and a
road. Withthese simple elements and a sky
of warm white clouds with patches of blue the
artist has made a picture of supreme beauty
and majestia yet winning aspect, It is
wonderfully fine in tone and certainly sur-
passed as a work of art by none of his
ereationa, To the left of this picture, on the
second row, is another Homer Martin, “A Nore
mandy Farm,” No. 218, smaller than the pre-
ceding, but somewhat similar in general char-
acter. It is considerably lighter in toneand tsa
picture with delightful pastoral feeling,
Among the other Homer Martins in the col-
lection will be found pictures possessing
power and attractive foree, but there are none
more beautiful than these two, nor did he
paint any more beautiful. Over the "Old
Church in Normandy” is "The Reflection,” No,
46, by Benjamin R. Fitz, Itisthe finest work
of atalented painter, who died in 1891, and one
of the most admirable pictures of a nude figure
in Americanart, It ia unobtrusively painted and
it is charming in idyllic feeling, Itis quite
worthy to be ranked with Wyatt Faton’s “La
Cigale,” and that is very high praise, On this
east wall, among the pictures to be especially
noted (for many must be passed without men-
tion in 80 large acollection as the flve galler-
ies contain), are "An Autumn Landscape,” No,
232, by J, Francis Murphy, N. A., @ fine sym-
pathetic rendering and a superior example;
Georgo Fuller's celebrated postoral, “Bringing
Home the Cow,” No. 174; “Sea and Rain," No,
83, by George H. Bogert. A. N, A., which fs one
of the artist’s most justly famous works and
ja a composition of great dramatic force,
and Wyatt Baton’s “Ariadne,” No, 74. The
last, a composition of cabinet size, de-
picts a recumbent nude female figure with
a setting of foreat landscape. It ts full of
feeling, distinguished in color and
that rare quailty of style which
On the panel at the left of

poetic
possesses
marks “La Cigale.”

the staircase hangs a single picture. This is
Wyants noble landscape "In the Adiron-
ducks, No 200, one of the best-known cau-

vases in the Evans collection, one of the most

complete and interesting of all Amert-
ean Jandacapes and «@ picture marked
by exquisitely delicate quality of color
while it is virile in handling and

broad ingeneral effect. A stream proceeding
from the rocks and wooJdsol the middie dis-
tance widens out in the foreground in the
shadow of tall trees and reflects the green
foliage as well as the sky of white an@)blue, In
the middle distances the light of the s

 

 

 

an open space in the forest and concentrates
the Interest of the composition.

On the weet side in the centre of theline is
one of Inness’4 masterplecos, “Georgia Pines,
Afternoon, 1884," No. 177. It is a picture of
moderate 41z0 (24x36 Inches), and was paluted
when the artist was inthe full vigor of his
power and maturity of achievement. A etretch
of bottom lands fills the foreground and on the
right arethe pines, with tall straight trunks
and maasive tops. In the distance the country
is illuminated by struggling rays of sune
shine, Thesky, ear and blue at the horizon,
is partly covered by elouds in the upper pore
tion with one great inass of white appearing
just to the ‘eft of the dark-foliaged
pine trees, The predominating color notes of
green, blue, white and gray are cool ead ine
tense in quality and the picture in ite enserm-
ble presents a harmony of the greatest beauty
and distinetion. This west wall is very rich In
important pictures and almost every one be-
longs among the most notable pleces in the ox-
hibition. A Wyant of the most perfect and de-
lightful quality hangs on the line a few num-
bers to the right from the Innesa in the centre,
This ia “Autumn, Keene Valley,” No. 173, It
fs asuperb example an! in itself sufficient to
place {ts author in the front rank of
modern landicape painters. Tha view
shows a shallow stream in the foreground, a
sundy road crossing a culvert, high ground
with a group of trees on the right, and a broad
valley in the distanee with a range of hills at
the horizon, Over all isa lovely sky of gray.
It is unifled in color scheme and most seductive
in general aspect. It is destined to be one of
the clous of the exhibition, Next to it is
another Inness, the celebrated and beautiful
moonlit village with the church spire, “Nine
o’Clock,” No, 170, and in the corner is Mr.
Ranger’s fine composition, “Morning at High
Bridge,” No. 43, Pendant to it in the other
corner {8 the same artist's “An East River
Idyl,” No, 266 Both pictures have been
praised in these columns when they were
shown In group exhibitions, and each ja among
the best and most characteristic of the
painter’a works, A little way along the line
to the left of “Georgia Pines’ is Mr. Tryon’s
admirable "Day break,” No, 219, a view of New
Bedford harbor, one of the moet charming
pictures he has ever painted and noted for the
delicacy and harmony of ita scheme of color
and simple treatment. Nearby is Mr. Minor’s
well-known pastoral landscape, “The Close of
Day,” No, 85, full of atmosphere and mellow
{in tone, George Fuller's life-size, three-
quarters’ length flgure of a young girl with
stalks of wheat in her hands, ‘Lorette,” No,
268; "The Driftwood Gatherer,”\ No, 248,
by Frederick W. Kost, a splendid piece of tone
anda masterly piece of handling: and “Length-
ening Shadows,” No. 168, by J. Alden Weir, N,
A., a celebrated landscape noted for its depth
and beauty of color and unity of effect, are
other pictures to be pointed ont in this section
ofthe gallery. The short space of wall onthe
north aide, west of the staircase, holds inthe
centre of the line Wyatt Eaton's “Reverie,”
No. 203, a half length of a young woman
gowned in black with lace trimming onthe
square-cut bodice, looking into a mirror.
head itself is seen in profile
picture is sober and restrained in color, simple
In modelling and as individual and as
powerful in treatment as a figure by Courbet,
On the second row to the left of it hangs one of
the pearls of the whole collection This is
Wyatt Eaton's “La Cigale,"” No, 100, In the
Albert Spencer collection of pictures by French
artists exhibited in this city prior to its sale at

; Buction more than @ decade ago, there ware

i Sa
_

several small pictures by Jean Francois Millet
belonging to that great master’s pxeudo-
classical period before he retired to Barbizon
to paint peasant subjects. These pictures
though not so well known as the
Barbizon works are the admiration of
art lovers for they are so lovely in
color, 80 unaffected in style, so
in character and #o beautifully painted that
they are almost unique in modern art. “La
Cigale” is in motive, in conception and in
execution just sucha picture as some of the
best of these Millers and differs from them, not
in excellence, but only in personal quality,
“La Cigale’ in Eaton's small masterpiece is a
partly nude figure, seated, leaning against the
trunk of a great forest tree. A piece of pales
blue drapery covers the knees anda
held resting in the lap with the arms and

movement. Exquisite in color, robust in
handling and with subtle, simple modelling in
the torso, head and arms, this work can only
be called a picture of superlative exeellence,
It isa thing to love, to keep and to treasure,

In the alcove In gallery A are the water col-
ors, The group includes some very fine sheets,
Of such are “Twilight in Connecticut,” No,
124and “A November Evening.” No. 48, by W
. Lathrop; “A Spring Flood," No, by
Charles A. Platt, A. NAL; “Low Tide.” No. at,
“A Rainy Day.’ No, 245, anda “Spring Morn-
ing.” No. 14%, all three cattle pieces hy Horatio
Walker, N. Aj; “Under Gray Skies,” No 125,
by J. Francis’ Murphy, N Av: "A Puma,” No!
41, by A Phimister Proctor, and “Romola,”
No. 30, by Sarah O, Bears, This faa choice lit.
tla collection and several of the pictures in {t
were awarded the annnal Evans prize at the
American Water Color Society Exhibitions,

GALLERY P,

This room containa the twenty-one pictures
by Mr. Church which constitut oa remarkable
feature of the exhibition, Mr, Pvans has pur-
chased the chief succesaesof this artist, whoga
works are eminently individual in style and
range in snhyect from the idyllic and the fanet-
fn! to the humbhrous, and are alwaya marked
by fertile {magination. Several of the worka
were executed as commissions given by Vr
Fvana, others were notable attractions atthe
Water Color Roclety’s exhibitions, Some are
{pn ot] and some are in watereolor, They ara
marked by delicate schemes of color, harmony
of light tints, distinct decorative quality
and, aceording as the subject requires
realistic or temperamental in exeention, The
collection in gallery Bh makes a unique and
most attractive showing, and Ineluces nearly
all of the artist's moat celebrate ! compositions
The charming “Pandora,” No 1°: the stately
“Una andthe Lion.” No 88; “Beauty and the
Renat,” No, 227. with tts splendid tiger quench.
ing hia thirstatthe stream, where a lr ypink
water lily blooms: “Nt, Oeoflin.” No 171,
with the two angels Hstening with wrapt ar-
tention to ber divine musie; “The Lion
in Love,” No. 229, stretohed ont anhmis-
sively before his beautiful voune miatrass
a maiden in clinging draperies of white, seater
on AgrAssy hanks and’ Madonna of the Sea,"
No. 264, with wistful faee, seared on the sea
shore holding the Holy Infant in her arma,
while angela kneel on the sands at elther side
and gulls ctre'e above her head—al! these and
others are here They were hung in one room
with noother pictures in their owner's house,
and they are seen in thisexhibition inthoaame
Way,

   

GALLERY ©,

In this gallery, com paratively amal! but wel!
Nghted, are bung some of the best flgure pie-
tures In the collection, The room is extremely
attractive in Abpearance and the panels are
charmingly arranged, Wherethere ts an odd
bit of space some pretty bits of eolor by Ryder,
Blakelock or Newman {9 place! in It, the.r
more important compositions hetng elsewhere,
and the centres of Anela are held by such im-
ortant works As “Before the Battle,” No 13),
xy George DeForest Brush, AN. A. and A
Morning Vision.” No, 261, by Henry O. Walker,
A.N A, Each of these pictures, be it sald in
passing, i8 & fine example and each
ia known. 48 4 representative composition
The Hat of pletures in this room isa very bril-
Hantone. It ineludea Mr. Mowbray's beautiful
“Idle Hours,” No. 130, his charming group of
maidens playing upon musieal inatruments,
“arcadia,” No. 1). and hiseelebrated "Floréal,”
No, 256: Mr. Low's delightful ema'l nude
flzure, “The Brook Side.” No, 100, and his
‘The Portrait.’ No
excellent “A Thonksgiving Dinner.” No 57:

 

Mr. Millet’s attractive, beautifully painted
figure of a Greek girl, “After the Festival,”
No. 13; Mr Dielman's two enhinet-
size heads of youne women “La Chiite-
laine,” No, 38 and “My Lady,” No, 198: the
ennning pieture of a little girl in white
furs by Misa Marta Brooke's "Shy," No 12%:

 

Ports,” No, 257, which deplete fairies aporting
among white rosea; Mr Henry O Walker's
aem'-clasaical “The Boy and the Muae,” No
58; Mr Francis ©. Jones's attractive genre,
witha little girl tempted by wood things from
atahle by her voung woman hostess "The Lit-
the Visitor,” No, 78: Mr. Ellfott Daingerfelat’
important. work “My La'y Rhodadendron.
No 255: Mr. Edgars. Hamilton's quietly
ored composition “Slumber” No Ql: Ver
Chase's characteristic transeript oof Long
Island hile. and dunea with figures of
a lady and child in white and pink making
effective color notes in the expanae of greet
"*a Fairy Tale,” No. 182: Mr Kenyon Cox's
well-drawn, simply painted nude female
figure, with & Inndseane setting of sprink
folinze and blossoms, “May,” No 237, and
Mr Shirlaw’s (ne jdvilic subject with agreut
of three nude fla@uree on the uwrassey bank of a
river, the surface of whieh ia partly covered
with lily pads and? blossoma, “Water Lilies.”
No. 5H,

Galleries D and E will be reviewed in another

falls in “ article.

 

The
This famous |

idyllic |

lute is |

hands supporting it (na delightfully graceful |

70; Mr. Smediey'a most |

Mr. Curran’s finely realized poetie faney “The |

25, 1900.

  
 

 

While these &2.25 shoes are
now to be found only at our
Prince and Leonard Street stores,
there are plenty of the most
sought-for sizes—7, 74 and 8,
still on hand.

That’s where we're lucky.

You're lucky in being able to
get for $2.25, shoes that ordi-
narily retail for $3,50 to $4.50—
the &5 quality are all gone.

The styles may not be the ad-
vance shapes for 1900; or in
every detail the finish may not
be equal to that in our best shoes;
but what constitutes the only real
value of a shoe, quality and dura-
bility, those are there.

$2.25.

Roarrs, Perr & Co.

850 Broadway, oor, Leonard,
68® Broadway, cor. Prince,
Thirty-second and Broadway.

 

 

PICTURES WEREN'T NAUGHTY AT ALI,
Nevertheless, They Caused a Lot of Talk
Among Baptists of Bayonne.

Llewellyn J. Berger of Bayonne was called
for trial yesterday in the General Sessions
Court, Jersey City, for assault on John Jay
Hunt, a photographer of 71 Avenue D, Bay-
onne. He decided to plead guilty and will be
sentenced to-day. The trouble was the result
of an cacapade of three young women, one of
whom is Berger's sister.

Miss Berger, who is & member of the Baptist
chureh choir, accompanied by two other young
women, went to Hunt's gallery last August and
had some fancy photographs taken, The fact
was to be kept a profound secret and the pho-

tograpns were not to be exhibited or distributed
among their friends, Ina few days, however,
the aecret leaked out and the Baptist church
people were very much exercised about tho
matier. Berger called on Hunt and demanded
any of the photographs he might have and also
the negatives, Hunt refused to surrender them
and a rough-and-tumbie fight followed, in
which Hunt was worsted. It is said that Ber-
ger drew a revolver. After all the trouble it
wis discovered that the pictures were not im-
modest, as had been suggested, but wera
merely grotesque, One of them represents
a drinking scene, in which Miss Berger
{s holding a glassin ber hand and wearing the
; photographer's hat and coat, The others are
equally harmless,

$1,000 IN GOLD TO THEIR PASTOR,

Pastorate Celebrated.

The Rey. Dr. John D, Wells, for half a cene
, tury the pastor of the South Third street
| Presbyterian Church in Williamsburg, re-
ceived $1,000 in gold last evening from his
congregation, ata reception to commemorate
the golden anniversary of his pastorate. The
church was decorated with palma, ferns and
white lilies. Elder Davis 8, Griffing presided,
A congratulatory address was made by the
Hey, Newall Woolsey Wella, a son and asso-
ciate ofthe pastor, Addresses were made by
cieorge R. Valentine, Elwin R. Wileox, John
Petrie, N. B, Roberts, James K, Campbell and
Register James kK. Howe of Kings county,
| Mr. Howe handed to Dr, Wella a silver saiver
) upon which were fifty gold eagies. The pastor
| was surprised and could scarcely acknowledge
the gift,

MARINE INTHE’ L'GENCE,
MINIATURF ALMANAC" His DAY,
Sun rises...,7:15|Suneete 6.5) Moon rises,.2:07
|
|
'

|
| Golden Anniversary of Dr, John D. Welle’s

HIGH WATER -Tit pay

Sandy Hook,..1:49 | Gov, I'd..2:.1 | Hell Gate.,.4:14

 

Arrived—Werbpnrspay, Jan, 24,

U_S, transport Buford, Martens, San Juan, Jan.17,
Ss Kaiser Wilhelm IL, Hoge:mann, (renoa, Jan, 11,
Ss Finance, Suketorth, Colon, Jan, 17,

Ss Du entaur, Irving, Gibraltar, Jap. 4,

Se Trinidad, Fraser, Bermuda, Jin, 22,

&« Bendo, Howie, Hamburg, dan 4,

be Curityba, Hoppe, Baracoa, Jan. 14,

Ss Amles, Petersen, Hay ti, Jan. 5,

fs Comanche, Pennington, Jacksonville, Jan, 21,
8s Naco chee, Smith, Savannah, Jan 21,

Ss EF] Cid, Quick, New Orleans, Jan, 1s

Ss Guyandotte, Hiller, Norfolk, Jan. 28,

Ss Manhattan, Bennett, )ortland, Jan, 22,

8s H. M Whitney. Hallett, Boston, Jan. 23,

Ship Union, Bremers, London, Dec. »,

Bng Venturer F ote, San Andreas, Dee, 24,

Se Masellia, Janbert, Maravilles. Jan. 1,

Ss ‘lurtar Prince, Macfarlane, Leghorn, Jan, 1,

ARRIVFD OUT.
Ss Trave, from New York, at Bremen,

BAILED FROM FOREKIGN PORTS,
Ss Patricia, from Plymouth for New York,

 

OUTGOING BTRAMBHIPS,
Satl To-day.

Mails clase,

Angueste Victoria, Naples.... ,

La Uretagne. Havre os TOOAM

State of Nebraska, Glasgow..

Cren fies, SADUAR. ccc.
Excelsior, New Orleans
Nuil To-morrow,

Roraima, St, Thomae....... HOOAM

Maricatbo, Son Juan oes DL OOAD

Colora lo, Brumewick......e.

Comanche, Charleston. ...66 oe.

Sat! Saturday, Jan, 27,

_S00AM

Verse? sails.
11OOAM
1000AM

R« “Pp M

10OPM
tee 8OO PM

1200M

100PM
8O0P M
800PM

 

   

12200M
1OHOAM
1200M
200PM
11LOOAM
®OOAM

100PM
1200M

1200M

1000 AM
10 PM
800 PM
400 PM
100PM
¥OU0 AM
S00PM
800PM
800PM
800 PM

Campania, Liverpool
lam, Rotterdam. see. 800 \

Fthi pia, G1askOW. eee 1000 AM

Pretora, Hamburg he ae’

Ka ser Wilh lu: UL, Naples., #00 AM

Maniton, London, ....eeeeee ;

Ohio, Hult

 

Hotter

Mex 0, Havana....., + TLOOAM
Adirondack, Jamaica,...,,. lOOOAM
penne eve IJOOOAM
« SOOAM
ILOOAM
. 1OOPM
» 100PM

    

Andes, Hayt
Prinidad, Bermuda
Grenada
th Nuevitas

au ‘erson, La Plata

 

Tjomo
yarn
John
Silvia, Newroundland.,.
Horatio lara were
Carib. Charleston
coneho, Galveston
F) Sud. New Orleans
Hudson, New Orleans

sell OAM
sooo TOOAM

 
  

INCOMING BTEAMBHIPS,
Due To-day.
soos Ham burg....e......dan,

  

ze

» Panillac seoee San
teoreees coe Atuatordam,.,
teereeees Gibraltar.....
Pr Autwerp’,.,

. Glasgow... ,
» Bordeaux, ,
Ablaagow ....,
Antwerp .
» Rotts rants °
Liverpool

 
   

           
  
 
 
 
 
 
  

  

Jan,

ithbert

  
   
   
  

Etliiisitn
| Sonthwark

Tevatenie
Ku saa City, .
ss, Jerome...

 

  

Prapini Bremen
Ajuiles@ +e. Alyiers
Mantiou.....eee Loudon
PalAtiO.rcocceersovrees »Hambun
Olberd... 0.006 St Lucte
| Martello. ........00, ov oee Reta
| Te To-morrow,
Rhein. trere se BROMeD, .os.s0000. dan, 15
| OFIZADB. vorocerererrrvooeces Havana, ...,.0.65.dan, 22
Due Saturdoy, Jan #7.
| st. Louis . Southampton.,... Jan. 20
| Aller Bremen............Jan. 18
| El Kio New Orleans,......Jan. 22
| Madina St. Thomas + Jan, 22
cCamatense Para....., dan, 15
Tro \noia JSacksonville.,......dam, 24

} Due Sunday, Jan, 43

 

| La Normandia Havre Jan 20
Ydun , SDICIDG..cecee.0eee SOM, 15
| fue Monday, Jan, 29,
Cus Liverpool Jan. 20
Clasyow Janu, 18
“ .... New Orleans Jan, 24
Louisiana New Orleans Jan, i4
Due Tuesday, Jan, 80
| Westerniand Antwerp Jan. 20
Mau choi Hotterdam ........dau. 19
Hath City, : Beansea Jan, 16
Mar. posa coeeee MUD lerland Jan, 17

NO MORE CONCISE AGGREGATION

of Boal Tetate News is to be found in aay
tedium than that prin HB DUN ©

} dey. Ade, printed in

 

 
 

Rew Publications. |

 

 

Mew Pudlications,

SCRIBNER’'S

for FEBRUARY out to-day

THE FIRST STAGE OF THE BOER WAR (the
first of the Scribner articles on the war) is by H. J. Whigham,
the correspondent who went with the column for the relief

ot Kimberley.
TOMMY AND GRIZEL,

Ilustrated with photographs by the author.

J. M. Barrie’s great novel

(begun in the January Scribner) continues—“ Cause for de-
Vout rejoicing among novel-weary readers."—-N, Y. Eve. Post

THE MASTER OF EDGEWOOD (Donald G, Mit-
chell) by Arthur Reed Kimball will show the life and atmos-

phere of a distinctive type of American literary man,

The

illustrations by A. I. Keller include a portrait in tint.

THEODORE ROOSEVELT’S “Oliver Cromwell” (begun
in January) deals with the long Parliament and the Civil War
—from the point of view of a modern man of action. The
illustrations are from drawings and paintings made for-the
work by celebrated American and English artists,

GEORGE MEREDITH’S new poem, A Garpen Ivy.

JOEL CHANDLER HARRIS’S latest short story,
“Miss Irene,” a tale of Reconstruction days,

THE SOCIAL LIFE OF HAVANA as It really ts, bp
Maj. T. Bentley Mott, who as late Adjutant-General there

made many novel observations,

Illustrated copiously,

WILLIAM ALLEN WHITE’S hetest short story, “The

Mercy of Death.”

AN ESSAY ON CHOPIN, by James Huneker.

The Problems of a Pacific Cable by Herbert Laws Webb—
with a chart showing the five proposed routes.

PRICE 25C.; $3 A YEAR. CHARLES SCRIBNER’S SONS, NBW YORKa

 

MRS, AYRES GOT A SEPARATION,

Col, E. D, Ayres Charged Her With Too |
Intimate Conduct With a Young Man,

The trial of the suit brought by Rebecca J,

Ayres, M. D., of 806 Greene avenue, forasepara- |

tion from Col, Edwin D. Ayres, on the ground
of cruelty, was begun before Supreme Court

Justice Jenks in Brooklyn yesterday. They
were married on Dee, 2), 18h), and
one daughter, Maud, She is 21 yearsold anda
teacher in the pullie schools, The plaintit? is
more than fifty years old and the defendant ts
{n the neighborhood of 60 years old,

“On Jan, 1, 18,”
*Col
intimate with J. E. Shuttleworth, 21 years old,
who occasionally visited the house asa student,
He was being prepared fora hegents’ exami-
nation by myself and my daughter. He took
the young man’s hat and threw It into the

ard and threatened to eat the flesh off our

ones, and that he would drive nails in our
coffins.”

Mrs. Ayres's testimony was corroborated by
her daughter and her mother and several of
of her patients. The defendent denied the
allegations, but put in no defence. Justice
Jonks granted a separation.

Art Sales and Exhibitions,

 

AMERICAN ART GALLERIES,

MADISON SQUARE SOUTH, NEW YORK,

NOW ON VIEW

DAY: Bm EVENING:
9 until 6. 47:30 until 10.

SUNDAY: SUNDAY:
2 until 6. 2 until 6.

 

 

have |

the pluinth® testified,
Ayres accused me falsely of being too |

 

DODD, MEAD & CO.

Fifth Ave. & 2ist St, N.Y,

CLEARANCE SALE OF

New Books of the Day,

Books in Fine Bindings,
Rare Books,

Autograph Letters and
Rrenuscrips,

previous to removal on February Ist,
Clearance catalogue mailed on request,
Stationery at reduced prices,

 

BRENTANO’S

CREAT JANUARY

BOOK
CLEARANCE

SALE

AT PRACTICALLY WHOLESALS
PRICES STILL CONTINUES

31 Union Square

Notable Collection | ¢ypricaN GARDENING,

OF

American
Paintings

Belonging to

W. T. Evans

of this city,

Comprising nearly three hundred
repr sentative works, many of them of
the first importance, all selected with
refined taste, appreciative sympathy
and
presenting a remarkable symmetry

and discriminating judgment,

and evenness of artistic excellenee,

The entire collection to be sold
by ABSOLUTE PUBLIC SALE,

AT CHICKERING HALL,

on the Evenings of Wednesday,
Thursday and Friday, January 3st
and February Ist and 2d.
THOMAS FE. KIRBY, Auctioneer,
AMERICAN ART ASSOCIATION, Managers.

Madison Square South, New York.

 

 

JAMES P. SILO, Auctioneer.
FIFTH AVENUE ART GALLERIES

866 Fifth Avenue.
Absolutely Without Reserve,
This Thursday & Friday Evenings, at 8:15 o'clock,
The Private Collection of

High Class Oil Paintings
Relonging to
flr, ISAAC WALKER
of this city, i
On free exhibition antihatne cfpzn

10 sample «ples; separate Issues; 10 cents; pub
lished at 148 Liberty etreet, New York.

A L $1.50 Books, @8c.; Briton and Boer, 8Bc 4

Red Pottage, (4c, MALEAN, 1 William at
50’ FACH—Croker’s= “Irtah Songs,” Burke's
OY speeches, Bacon's Essays. PRATT 161 sth av.

Small Boy Went Away With a Street Organ.

The polica sent outa general alarm yesters
day for six-year-old Walter Dinan, who since
Monday has been missing from his home at
807 West 147th street. He was last seen listen-

{ng toa street organ and someof his playmates
eAY they saw him go away withthe organ, He
wore a light-brown coat, }lack knickerbockera,
a red sweater and a blue oap

 

 

Business Rotices,

~~ NAR Aan nen

Over 750 phyeicians continually using
CARL H. SCHULTZ'S Waters in their families i¢
guaranty of their PURITY and WHOLESOMENKSS,

EE

—

 

 

MARHRRIDRM

KUS EFR—FEIGENSPAN,- On Wednesday evens
ing, Jan, 24, 1 000, ut the residence of the bride's
mother, Newark, N. J., by the Rev. Dr. W. 8,
Crowe, Johanna C,, eldest daughter of Mra
Christian Feizenspan, to Rud sIph Victor Kuser
of Trenton, N. J.

ORR-KEEN (N.-—On Wednesday, Jan. 24, 1900,
at the Hotel Majestic, by the Rev, Father
Mathew T. Taylor, as isted by the Rev. Father
Thomas J. Keenan, Henry Steers Orr to Mary
Keenan

MASON.—On Wedneaday, Jan, 24, 1000, Catherine
Campbell, wife of Eimand T. Mason and
deughter of T. C. and E «+ Campbell

Funeral services at her late residence, 1855 7th
av., on Friday, Jan. 24, 1900, at 11 A. M.

MOTT,.-—On Wednesday, Jan. 24,100, Richard KL
Mott, aged 64 years,

Funeral services at his late residence, 8307 West
47th at., Friday, Jan, 24, 1900, at 7PM, Inters
nent private. Kindly omit flowers,

MoVEIGH.—At her residence, 102 West Fighty-
ninth st., on Monday afternoon, Jan. 22, 1900, ia
her 27th year, Maude Louise Phelpe, daughter
of Charlea FE, Phelps of Bay Shore, L. 1, and wife
of Warren RK. MoVeigh.

The funeral took place on Tuesday at Hempetead,
privately.

WATTS.--Sudden!y Monday morning, Jan, 22
1000, at bis residence, 1128 Bedford eav., Brooke
lyn, Dr Alfred J. Watts, in the 7éth year of hie
aur.

Funeral services at his late residence, Phasaday,
Jan. 24, 100, at2P,M, Interment private,

WHITE,—0On Tuosday, Jan, 28, 100, at his geab
dence, 6 Mount Morris Park Wost, Andrew J,
White,

Vuneral from late residonce, Thursday, dam, 85,
1000, a6 104, M., thence to All Sainte’ Chiro!
12¥th st. and Madison av, Relatives and tritad
are respectfully invited to attend, Interment

Calvary,

 

 

|

SE St

|

 

-

a