CofE Stee

sis Re

 

  

THE PHILIPPINES FUTURE.

PRESIDENT SCHUMAN LECTURES IN
THE ASSEMBLY CHANHER,

He Outlines & Form of Government Which
He Thinks should Provide for the
Islands—The Filipinos, Me Saye, Are
Not Vet Capable

ALPANY, Jan. 24.— | resident James G Schur-
man of Cornell University, chairman of the

Philippine Commission appointed by Prest-
dent McKinley last year, lectured on
the Philippine Islands and their future

in the Assembly Chamber to-night under
the auapices of the Albany IHlstorical Soclety
The speaker was Introduced by Gov, Roose.

ee =
———

| SWORD OF HONOR FOR WAINWRIGHT,

 

To Commemorate His Work in Stoking the
Furor and the Pluton,

Wasurxoton, Jan, 24.-A sword was pre-

sented this afternoon to Commander Richard |

Watnwright, who was Captain of the Glon-
ceater in the battle of Santiago when ehe de-

| stroved the Spanish torpedo boate Furor and

of Self-Government. |

velt. Mr. Sehurman, after giving an idea
of the geographical location of — the
Arohipelago and oof its vant area, dee |
clared that there was no such thing

aga Filipino nation or a Filipino people, for
there were eighty-four distinct tribes and they
would no more pull together tn the cause cof
self-government than the North American Tne
diana would bave ZOO years ago, Some of the
people are inteliectng! any! it is the educated
people thatare to help the White? States in
solving the problem of governtug and caring
for the Philippines. Mr Sehurman said that
promises would not do, The Filipinos know
only the promises of the Spaniards and

 

| tury Long

 

place all white people in the same eategory |

so that deeds must show that the United
Btates inten's to give them liberty and that
any one vader the protection of the United
Btates flag Is safe and aure of liberty In
everything. He spoke of the kind of gov-
ernment that they should have At present
they are absolutely incapable of self-govern-
ment, but he favored a form of home rule that

would bring about the dosired effect, His
first idea is for a eentral form of govern.
ment sittimg in Manila, to be composed
of a Governor to be appointed by the
President: a legisiative body to! Omposed |

of two houses, the loweroneto be elected

 

the people owning property r who ean
read and write, and the upper house to
he compo-ed partly of men appotnted by
the President and the renuinder to. he
selected by the natives Assurinees should be

iven tothe peopie that none but the most in-

uential and intellectnal citizens would be
selected forthe judiciary and made mombers
of the Governors Cabin t

He favore! making their provinees into
counties, to hayes proctical’y the same rights
nas counties of Territories i this country, and

then aimunieipal government for the towns
and cities, the otfiees and control to bain the
handa of the pone, but at the saine time

reaponsilie ¢ the eontral government
Their religious rights should not be interfered
withinany way. He held that Congress had
the right to make such lows as itsaw Ut forthe
government of the istands

“We must stay there.” he said
wanttoornot We have ineorre!
that we cannot shirk There js
toour stability tostavthore W
sponsibility whether we lke ito
the helght of folly to throw away
now have, We got {t honorat
the Spanish War,”

 

ybligations
nething due
have the re.
not, and itis

 

 

y by reason of

BRING DATA ON THE PHITIPPINES,
Priests Vrom Manila Gome to Washington
With Information for the Government,

San Frawcrtseo, Jan. 24 Among the pas-
pengers on the transport (ity of Peking, which
arrived from Manta toeday, were Pathe

ALgue

director of Mantla OUse rvafory,and Lather Jose
Close, his assistant. They are on their way to
Washington at the invitation of the American
Government with suMeient datyon the Phil-

ippines and the people to make twelve large
volumes, This matter will be transiated as

 

 

 

soon as the ¢ nts reach Washington

and printed { the expense of the

Government, Geb Otis Commissioner
Seni

  

er ur mn An an
suggested to President Melhinley the advi
bility of having the work done Pather Algue
also has with him the original map by which
the Americans opened the campaign in the
Philippines. He will present this to Senator
Beveridge

   

 

HOPKINS, JR. KILLED,

ost in Colombia While on an Exploring
Expedition for India Rubber.
Cricaa, Jan, 24.—Word was received here
to-day of the death in South America of Previn
Hopkins, Jr, aon of Previn Hopking, a veteran

ERVIN

 

 

, Holleben,

. | Untied States, this afternoon
whether we

the power we |

Nuton, as o gift of the citizens of the District
of Columbia. The presentation took place at the
Columbia Theatre. President MoKinley and
the mem bers of the Cabinet occupied one ofthe
boxes, and on the stage were seated with Com-
mandoer Wainwright Secretary Long, through
whom the presentation was made, John Joy
Hdaon, who presided, Admiral Dewey and

other naval officers andanumber of leading |

citizens. Mr. F. PB. B. Sanda made an address
eulogizing Commander Wainwright's services
and thes word was then presented by Secre-
In making the presentation Bocro-
tary Long said

“There ia a rollof honor, Commander Watn-
wright, which is known asthat of the bravest
of the brave, On that Impertabable roll your
name has been written by your countrymen,
In token of your title I present to you, to have
andto hold, to hand down to your boy, the
aword, the loving gift of your many friends,”

Gen, George H, Harris, of the District of Co-
lumbia National Guard, presented to Comes
mander Wainwright and the other officers
of the Gloucester, a silver services on
behalf of the citizens of Washington, Com-
mander Wainwright responded in a@ brief
speech

The Marine Band played patriotic airs and
when''Hail Columbia’ was played the President
and his Cabinetand the whole audfence rose
totheir feet and stood until the alr was con-
cluded,

The aword is of fine steel, with a succession
of torpedo bouts damascened upon it, The
mountings are solid gold, the pon mel bein
surmounted with w silver oak jenf and fou
anchor, symbols ofa Commander’s rank, sure
rounded by thirteen stars, ‘The hilt bears the
arms of the Distriet of Columbia and an
Americaneagle, The grip isof white shark's
skin, bonnd with a band of gold sea shells, The
ward is formed of dolphins withasea nymph
in full relief. On the broadest part of the
guard the Gloucester is shown, modelled in
fow relief. Tbe seabbard 16 of black ateel,
damaseened tn gold with dolphins
tridenis, The aword was made by Tiffany,

and

WELCOME TO VON HUITLEBEN,

Chicago University Gives a Hearty Greeting
to the Ge man Ambnasanidor,

Curcaco, Jan, 24
of Chicago paid their respects to Baron Von
the German Ambussator to the
President Har-
per presided and introdueed Prof. Laughlin,
who sailin parte

“As avuniversity we heartily welcome you
within our walis, because you represent the

 

peop'e who have given us scholars and poets
and musielans; and in behalf of the brothers |
hood of scholara we eend them greetings

through you

Baron Von Holleben respon ted

“Tdo not regret that, in. seeking the repre-
sentative university eof this country, IT have
tojourney faran near, We Germans believe
in decentralization of university lite,
noseientif§“e Paris, and we not want one As
Herlinand Leipzig and Munich, Strassburg and

 

Gottingen and Heidelbeng are in coordinated |

in scholarship, it seems to me #

ighof national health that Harvard and Chi-
cago, Jobns Hopkins and Colombia, Ann Arbor
and Leland Stantord, Yale end Princeton, all

eompetttion

| wars toward the highest tdeals, and are not
' satistied with anything but the best.

founiversities

or Reveridgea |

member of the Chicago Board of Trade. The |
young man wie interestel in a rub-
ber concern which had obtained

sions from the Republie of Co!

While on an exploring spedition in the
interior his boat ran aground on sand spit

 

It is supposed that in trying to float his erat,

 

standing in the water todo so, le was bitten
by & be anes role. death ensuing in oa
thorttime. His tote was found several days
later by someofthe native workmenemploved
by the company, Tncdtentions of a struge'e
Were appurent

Mr. Hopkins was a brother-in-law.of N, W
Halsev of New York, of the firm of N. W. Hare
rind Co., of New York and Chicago

DELLAVED SHIPS GEELTS,
Money Made in Insurance Speculation at
the Port of san Francisco,

San Fraverseo, Jan, v4
insured shin that has been quoted during tha

pastsix months has come into port all right,
and those who heve giumhbled in reinsuranes
must have made a lotto: money

This morning the British ship Relianee waa

, Miss Bessie C. Gearhart, Caughter of Mr, Mar |

Nearly every ra. !

reported! as having bech spoken oy the steamer
City of Pekin on si Ail were well on
board. The sicspought to be here ina day or |
two. Phe Ke iane + IN¢-cavs from Hame

yheted at VO per

Durg and afew loysugo wna
Phose who invested

cent. advance ins
Wil make money

Ropid Transit Celebration on Harlen,

 

   

   

 

 

Residents of the upper pa f Manhattan
Teland will cele! rate the awarding of the rapid |
transit contract byt Ju big meeting to-
Bight in rady’s i terd avenve near
Oth street, Both Lerat 1 Tammany
organizat ons are w tN nake the affair
a suceess The meeting will be in charge
of the William t.. Yaa mmany Assorin
tion, which wi » heloud the West
End Association, the Hori j loft Cor
merce, the Paxpayer i y° Borough
of The Bronx, the Mors b, the Harlem
Republican Cub. aciu', the Dem
ocratie Clib of the ret. Assembly dis-
trict, the ntral Repu Cl the Wings.
bridge Improvenes \esou tion. the Pbeicnts
Clubof & Nicholas avenue, the Manhattan,
the Sterling andthe | | t wha,
the Mingua Clut, toe Wash Heeasttn
Taxpayers’ As eS ihington
Heights Progressis welnat ind the ¢
man- American De ame elu

The Death of Judge Charies W. Walton,

 

 
  

Judge Charles Wo Walton, who three years
ago retired trom th Maine Supreme Court
after thirty-five yours’ continuous servi
died last night ia Portland, ia that State, aged
Bo years, Ite was! nh Mexieo, Oxford couwuty
Me, was adimitt » the bar at the ag
24, served as county attorney two terms, and
then mov o Anvurn and Was Androseogyin

county s attorney one term. Pn ds ie
elected to Congress, and at th cbiration «
one tern accepted fron) Goy) Washi urn an ape
poiptmentto the Supreme bench. ile leaves
ason and two duughters,

Loindentified Drowned Man,

Policeman Wimmer founa the body of aman

 

 

 

  

, of Eetwin Atwell of 1OS8 Dean street, Brooklyn, |

[avenue
‘riage, but Mrs

Was!

“Here, if I mistaken, the
the eonvietion that the
productive seholar alone is the beat
versity teacher hey believe that the con.
ftintous contact with the student isan ineaprna-
tion for the ereative scholar, and that
teaching by the pioneors of science ives to
the «sudent toat higher intelectual attitude
whieh is the noblest fruit of academic ilfe, It
is Known over the world that Chicago, together
with Harvard and Joins Hopkins, are the
leaders in the defence of this ideal,”

Immed ately following the exercises in Kent
Theatre a reeeption was tendered t. the
oMecial guest of the university at the Quade
rangle Club.

am hot
live in

  

 

 

Appointed a Chaplain in the Army.

Amsterpam, N. Y,, Jan, 24.—The Rev. File
mond P. Bsterbrook, Chaplain of the Second
Regiment National Guard, and who also served
as Chaplain of the 202d Regiment, was to-day
appointed Chaplain in the reguiar army, It is

expected tbat he will report for duty in the
Pholippine March J. Mr -Lsrerbrook,
Woois now hington, had the endorse-
mento! the Repnblitean organizaton of the
ortho appointment. At the last session
ofthe Troy Methodist Conference he was ap-

    

diate

 

pointed pastor of the Methodist ehureh at
Minaville, Montgomery county, having been
transterred from Roekton, He is about 35

 

years of age,

Women Ushers at a Wedding.

Hacenstows, Md, Jan. 24.—The
sight of women acting 4s ushers was witnessed

at aswell wedding which toow place in this city j

atnoon to-day. The eontracting parties were

tin Gearhart, a resident of Wilson, this county,
and Wr. Riehard Dorsey. The Kev, W. 8
Reichard of this city officiated, Miss Marian
A. Dorsey, a sister of the bridegroom, was

bridematd, and Mr. Welty Gearhart, brother |
| of the bride, best man,

The ushers were Miss
Josephine Kinger and Miss Lydia Foltz,
wud Messrs. Charles ‘Tf. Dorsey and Edward
lsoutetter,

Lumber Exporters Form an Assoctation,

Bartiruonre, Md, Jan. 24.—Lumber mere
chants from all parts of the country gathered
: Baltimore to ani began what will be
known asthe National Lumber Exporters’ Asso

elation. The meeting was held in the Builders’
xchange here and was presided over by Rich-
ard WW. Priee of Baltimore as temporary chair
man

‘The organization is for the purpose of doling
away with many abuses of the trade,
porters of umber are eligit le to membership.
The association starts with forty members.

 

 

 

Marriage Not Proved; Damage Suit Lost,

Edward Banghan had an aetion on trial be-
fore Justice
yesterday to recover $2,000 from the Metro-
politan Street Railway Company for the loss of
the services of his wife Mary, who alleged she
was thrown from on ear of the defendant on
Columbus avente by the car starting suddenly

* also has an action pending to reeover
S10,00) damages for herself, The husband lost
his suit becanse no marriage was established,

  

Mrs. Atwell Died on the Way Home,

Mrs. Annie Atwell, GO years old, the wife

wastaken ill sudteniy on Bergen street last
evening, Mrs, Preston Moody of 45.8t. Mark's
who xevompanied hor sent, fora car-
Atwel) diedonthe way to her
hy

ais

Death
nae, from Which she hac boen suffering for
some tine

 

 

Vale Professor Called to a Church,

New Haves, Jan. 24.—Dr. Charles 8, Mae-

| Farland of the department of Biblical litera-

| Maldon, Mass.,

  

ture and Semitic languages in Yale University
has receiveda@ unanimous eall tothe pastorate
otthe Maplewood Congregational Church of
and is likely to aceept

 

ric R. Coudert in Better Health,
fe R

Fre

 

Coudert was much improved last

‘night, but Dr. Sr. Clair Smith said that the ner-

fothe Harlem River at the fo of Tineoln
avenue yesterday afternoon, The body was
taken to the Alexander avenue — poli
station On tt vere ' ray. overeont
and dark clothes, Ao gol! wateh, S400 in
mwoney and a Chine tundry ticket were
found in the po wonothing that would
give a clue to the cat's ientity. He was
about 80 years od, 5 fe Soinehes tall. and of |
dark complexion,
Boy Stone Throwers Locked Up,

Many complaints have been ma le by citizens
to the pol ol the West Thirty-seventh atreet
station recent.y that small boys on Ghar way

  

home from s
with stones, aud that ina
einnehed in eonsequene Fou
assigned tovateh the young offend
day corrallcd t them, and they
tu the Gerry Soelety forth t

Vindows
deteetives
= Vestere
Were sent

 

   

Dend Man With a Uractured Skull,

¢

The middie-age} man found unconscious on
Monday at Forty-thith street and First avenue

died yesterday morning in Viow Hospital of
a fractured sku Phe body was removed to
the Morgueto awaitidentifivation. fhe Bast
Fiityelirst street police are vestizuitog the

cage.
7 The Plague in Argentina.

Buenos Ayres, Jan. 24—The bubonic plague
has broken out at Rosario, and @ rigorous cor
pes Res aes established at that place,

atte. $2

’

ol Were holding pitched battles |
wore

' Vienna tu procure the

|

|

 

yous trostration from which Mr, Coudert had |

heen sullering for
evidence ond that
fined to his hous

several weeka, was. stillin
Mr. Coudert would be cone
for several Weeks more,

Ground to Death in An Ore Crusher,

William O'Rourke, 26 years old, of 20 Weater-
velit street, Jersey Cite, while engaged in feed-
ing ore yester
tio Passaic Zine Works (nh Communipaw ave-
nue, lost bis balanee and tell in. He was
ground to death by the cogwheels,

Mr. Aronson Sails.

Rudolph Aronson sailed for Europe yeater-
day on the Oceanic. He goes to Paris to close

negotiations for the establishment of a roof
garden during the Expostrion, and then to
\merican concession in
the Buitet Automatique

Woman Cuts Her Throat,

Mra. Emily M. Sheehan, 33 years old, the
wife of James Sheehan, conmitted auicide pes
terday by cutting ber throat inthe bathroom

of her horne ata) Sumner avenue, Brooklyn, |

She had been suflering from nervous prostra-
tian

To Cure a Cold in One Day,

Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug.

gists refuud the money if it tails to cure, gy

Urove's signature ison wach box, 260,—Auy, F
‘

sprinting Si siilinsibininceaiie

Students ofthe University |

leading |

Utils |

unusual |

All ex. |

MacLean of the Supreme Court |

ssall toe have been due to heart |

ay into a big ateam ecrusherin |

THE SUN, THURSDAY, JANUARY 25, 1900.

KILLED HIS FRIEND AND HIMSELF,

 
   

"eo
South Dakota Offictal’s Crime Probably
Due to Sadden Insanity.

S1oux Fats, 8. D., Jan, 24.—The reason for
the apparently unprovoked murder of Miltoa
Nelson, & farmer living near the Gregory
county border, by County Commissioner M. H.
| Jacoby, who afterward committed suicide, ts a
mystery asthotwomen were the warmest of
| friends. The only explanation is that Jacoby
suddenly became insane,

Jacoby wus on his way to attend a meeting of
the County board and stopped at Nelson's
house, The latter, with his son Sanvuel, was
tn the cattle shed milking. Jacoby went tothe
shed ant asked Nelson to aecompuny him to
the county seat. The Jatter reniied that he
| would when the work was completed. After
conversing for a short time Jacoby drew a re.
volver, Nelson's son observed the movement
and called out a warning to bis father. Nelson
turned and Jacoby shot him through the head,
| ‘The murderer then ran into the next feld and
shot himaelf in the head, dying instantly,

A vial of strychnine, 40 and two sealed let.
tera were found on the body of the murderer,
The letter complained of stories in elreulation
thar he had obtained his wealth by illegal
means

 

GIRS SUDDEN DUATH,

 

An Investigation Being Made—A Wedding
Hasto Be Postponed,

Verona, N. J, Jan, 24.—The sudden death
} of Bertha Bremer, the sixteen-year-old
| daughter of Mra. Annie Vrancts Bremer
of Brookdale avenue, in this place, Nas upset
the town. Dr. Irving Meeker of Upper Mont-
clair, who bad attended the girl, refused to
grant a certificate as to the cause of death and
referred the matter to the County Physician,
Dr. W. 8. Washington, ‘The etrl diel on
Monday without. imine ‘inte medial attend.
ance, although Dr. Meeker bal attended her
up!o Saturday

The wtrl had refused to take food and had

| said that she wanted todice. She had had many
diseases, ‘wo other children aro now dll tt
1s feared that they are coming down with
searlet fever, The mother of the deal gir!
was to have been inariied to-morrow, bet the
wedding has been postponed. Dr. Washington
| {s having an Xamisation of the stomach mace
to determine the cause of the dangbter’s
death Mr, Bremer, the husband and father,
died four vears ago and sinee then two other
ehlidren have died.

  

 

BHaR HUNT IN ALTON, NN, Y.

Bruln Broke Away Pram Two Italians and
Took to the Woods,

Auton, N. Y., Jan, 24—-Some farmers living |

| inthis town had a veal bear hunt, whieh ended
| to-day in Brain's death

forming bear got tired of its old tricks and

breaking away from two Italians took to the |

|
} woods. Bruin was searched for until darkness
prevented such perilous sport andthe bout was
given upto be continued yesterday morning,
| when flity menand boys joinedthe party armed
with rifles shotguns,

} bear appesred at a farmhouse castof the vilage
fand kifetand atea eal’, Here the trad was
| started andafter half a duy’s seareh the bear

  

j was discovered in the Shaker traet of woods |
and surrounded. Brain uinmedtately showed
faht and the hunters we iged to pour

three volleys into the bear before it was safe to
approach bim. Then a rifle bulet was sent
through bis heart by Samuel Jecey aud he
dropped dead,

BURNEO BEFOR HELP COMWe,

We have |

Old Mis, Teyne Set on Fire While Lighting

 

the Lamp
While attempting to light a lamp in her
rooms 277 Monroe street, Mrs. Catheri:
Teyne, 6 vears old, set tlre to her clothing

 

 

yestertay afternoon, By tho time -hea reached
the door she was pletely enveloped in
flames, Daniel O'Leary, who lives on the floor
beneath, heard her sereames and rau te her;
) wasistanes, He gota comforter from a bed in
® room ueross the hal at with — this
smothered the fames. Mrs. Teyne waa badly
burned about the tody, f ind head = She
Was taken to Gouverneur Hospital, ier eone
lition date Mast nigh) was 60 ‘jous that a
| priest administered extreme unction to her

| She died iminediately atts rd
|. Ten veura ag Mrs Teynes daughter was
' burned to death ina similar toanner

  

New Parks in Kings and Queens,

} President Bowley of the borough of Queens
presented to the Board of Public Improve.
ments yesterday & map showing a new publie
ark, extending from Ninety-second street to
‘lushing, along the Astoria shore, The map
was approved

Residents of the Flatlands district of Brook-
lyn. are making a big stirto have a public pars
laid out on both banks of Garritson’s creek,

  
 

 

   

which divides the Thirtieth and the Thirty.
i first wards. A commit? receotiv: wadted ou
Park Commissioner wwer and they received
go much encouragement that they are now
circulating a petition, to the Board of Puliie
Improvements, for the establisahnuient of the
park. Many signatures hive bean obtains !

 

George Wolf, alias Dave Wood, was arrosts i

'
| She Thonght He Was a Thief and He Was, |
{
|

vesterdayalternoon while pretending tode'iver

{a bundlein the Mat house at 2oLWeest Pightioth

street
ants whose apartinent Was
ago, suspected that he was a thief and so he
was. His bundle was an empty postebourd
box. In his pockets were a quantity of jewelry,
two Jimmies and several pawptickets
evening Clarence P. Smith of 105 West Sixty.
| eighth street identified among the jewelry a
| gold bravelet and a peari-bandled penknife
which were stolen from his flat yesterday
afternoon,

Watchman Suifocated in a Fire,

duty inthe new fat buildings at 2IR-220 Fost
Twentieth street waa suffocated ina fire there
at Ho'clock yesterday morning, The tre was
| confined tothe front room in the west apart.
ment. When the firemen were able to enter it
they found the watchman atretched out on the
} floor dead, as though be had been suffocated
whileusieep, Noo

| A watchman who was on his first night of |
!
|

knew the man’s name
and his body was taken to the Morgue, Late
last night it had not been identified,
Decide Woods's Tank
Force,

{
|

| Whalen to on the
|

|

The case of Anthony 8 Woods, forme:
of Police in Long Istana City, who was remove |
from offlee by ex-Mavor VP. J. Gleason, and
whom the Apvellate Jivision of the Suprome
Court reinstated recently without spec fying
what rank he shoud hold, was before th
Police Commissioners yesterday, The Com-
miasioners asked Corporation Counsel Whalen
to declle

  

Medal for Cruelty Convictions,

An offer made by John P. Haines, Prosident

of the Society forthe Prevention of Cruelty to

} Animals, on behalf of the society, to give a
medalto the policeman who -hall ot tain the

largest number of convietions for volations of |

| the numane ‘aws in 100 was accepted yester-
day and the force was informed,

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN,
During the first seven days of honse registration
of money lotters by carriers in this city above Fifty

 

ninth street, ninetyoaine letters we

that method,

Andrew and Frederick J Bitther of Bittuer Bros
liquor dealers at 2 Third avenue, have tleda
petitionin bunkraptey, With actual liabilities 34, sou
and no araets
| Park Commissioner Clansen yoatertay jaaned pore

nite to run cutemobiles in Cente Health

 
 

  

} Commissioner William J. Je « Milea |
) of 45 Weat Thirty-third street
The transport Untord, which arrived last nighe at
| SUORSO HES Fron G80 Juan, broughttwente-four dis
charged aud furl azhed soldiers and civilian ei

ployecs ot the Government

    

 

The salaries of Polies tains Richard T. Hick
man of Canarie, Louts hreus cher Rockaway
| ‘Timothy White or Lomg Islond City and Prederck |
| WohltoctR of Dlushing have allbecu set by the PB :
Board at $2,750,
Five months’-old Ephraim Groseman of 2a Kast |

A2Qtet street, died yesterday ou his mother's arms in
the dispensary of the Mount sinnt tospital whel
she Was Waiting to slow Lim tothe doers She uid
pot know that the baby was dead jl tae doctor old
her

 

 

 

  
 

 

| Ossian H, Lang, editor of the Schoo! Journal, will

| give an inforiual tulk this ' Lat 4 o'clock
under the auspices of the New Yo ck scouty of Beda |
gouy atthe hall of the Normal Godless, uty-euwlt'
etrect near Park avenne. o 1 Mivcationas

| Leaders of America,

| William Leddy, a ha kisan, of Weat Forty
fifth street, Went ints asal ot 18% Bast Fifty

pinth street yesterday attertioon and ordeced a ylses
of beer, When the bartender | “bt Letdy we
dead with his head Hiugonthe tale. peath was

| due to apoplesy. He leaves a wite and two ont Pied

| Among the speakers at the second anual inner

} of the Society of the Genesee at muerry's on Feu, 7

| are to be Dr, Davild. Mall, First Astistant Scerotary

| of State: Judge Willlam A. Werner ot the Couttot

| Appeals, Frank B. Lawrence, WOH Mekiryy and

| Oscar F. Willams, former Ameroayn Consul at

Manils

She annual dinner of the Now York Aluim tile
ation of the Universi y of Rochester » il tnd Assos
atthe Sevoy Hotel next sien Ven
the speakers will be the newly oweot a by
Kev. Rush Rhees, the Hoa, Theron «
Galusha Anderson of Chicago University proaident
A. G, Slocum of Kalamazoo University, the Ruy H
L. Morehouse and Prof. H. F, Burton or the taculty.
The bev. Dr. John B, Calvert will preside, ,

  

 

 

ny. Among

 

“rong, Dr,

ienene

CLT A LE LA tt a

Last Monday a pers |

During the night the |

Mrs, Charles Herdling, one of the tens |
robbed not long |

Last

Chief |

re regis ered ov |

take place |

——————

FLIMFLAMMER GOT HIM.

DRUMMER SAYS HE OG4VE UP 635
FOR NOTHING,

 

Has His Revenge Now When the Man He
Accuses Is Locked Up in a Tenderloin
Police Coll—Trick Was Worked in Cleve-
Innd and It Left the Victim Stranded.

Aman who gave the name William Heory
and an assoriment of addresses was locked up
in the Tenderloin police station last night
charged with film-famming Langley Inara-
ham, a travelling salsaman, out of $35, In-
graham is staying at the Sturtevant House.
| A week ago he was in Buffalo where with two
other drummers he ran across Henry. Ingras
ham says the acquatntance ripened so raptidly
that hia two drummer friends and Henry were
soon engaged in a poker game in a Buffalo
hotel, Henry won, Ingraham says,

Two days later Ingraham met Henry in
Clevelond, Ohio, Presuming on the acquatnt-
ance made in Buffalo, Henry asked him to
change a $50 bill, Ingraham only had $35 at
the time and told Henryso, Henry sald he
would take that amount and let Ingraham
have the $50 bill until he could get it changed,
when hoe could pay over the remaining $14,
Incrabam produced the $35 and he says
Henry gratbed it and ran away without

giving him the $50 bill, Ingraham was

stranded in Cleveland two days and couldn't

leave thore nati! bis employers forwarded bim

money to pay his hotel bill, He landed here
yesterday avd Jast night in the corridor of the

| Sturtevant he spotted Henry. He alipped out
of the hotel and got Policeman. Dalv of the
Broadway squad who arrested Henry on In-
graham & eoaplaint, In V4 pollee station
&

entry sald ingraham lost his $35 in a card
1 gume,
) Henry ty one of the slickest looking tndivid-
! uaisthe Ten Jerioin station has sheltered in @
long time. He gave his occupation as. “sport.
ing man” and his age as 21 years, He Jooka
pinch older, He wore expensive clothing and
| seemed to have paid @reat attention to his ap.
} Pearinee, His hands were soft and white and
\ his iinger nails carefully polished and mani-
; cured

ADMIRAL PHILIP AT MORRISTOWN,

 

There in Ata of Naval ¥, M,C, A.

Monuistows, N.d., Jan. 24.-Rear Admiral
Philipisin Morristown to-night, the guest of
Cape HW. Miller, who was his classmate atthe
Naval Academy, Admira! Philip came to Mors
riston to make a speech. A meeting will be
; bell here to-morrow afternoon in Association

Hallfor the purpose of raising funds for the
) work of the Young Men's Christian Association
| iu the Amernean Navy. An address will also be
|
|

'
| He and Miwa Helen M, Gould Will Speak
|
'
|

ninde by Miss dlelen M. Gould, who is takin
an juterest in the work, Miss Goul
wWillarnivein the morning and attend a recep.
tlon In her honor at the home of Mrs. A. W,

Cutler
| Capt. Miller gave a reception to. Admiral
Philipto-night at his “Maceulloeh Hall,’ and
) about two hundred of Morristown's citizens
| shook bands with the former captain of the
) battleship Texas

letive

 

TO BUILD

BONDS THE TUNNE!,
| No Opposition Expected to the Passage of

Comptrofler Coler’s Ball,

 

Arpaxy, Jan 24.—Comptro!ler Coler and
Commissioners George L. Rives and Albert B.

 

 

 

| Boardman of New York arrived here this
) morning, but not until after the Legislature
hadad ed, and toemorrow the bill author-
izinw New York city to issue bonds to build the
tonnelofthe rapid transit system will be tn-
troduoet Mr. Coler said that everything was

| clear forthe passage of the amendments and
thot .o opposition isexpeeted, Senator Graiy
isf

 

ivorable to them, and the Governor ape
| proves of then and, Mr. Coler says, will aend
) in adnemergeney message asking for their im-
[f mediate passage,

| John P, Duncan's Sammer Home Burned,

The summer residence of John P. Dunean,

! at Lowmoor, N.J., was burned last night. Tho

fire was discovered at midnight and the flames

| spread with great rapidity, The flre depart-

jmentof Seabraht, No, was summoned, but

| hy thatime they orrived the flames were be-

| yondeontro!, The house was entirely dis.

troyved. Thetotal loss is placed at $15,000

| It is supposed that the fre was of incendiary
origin,

‘

Tailor Hangs Himeelf.

John Faeber, a tailor 60 years old, committed

su cide yesterday by hanging himself in the

hop of his employer, Robert Ritter, in the rear
fof L807 Greene avenue, Willlamsburg.

 

Jack O'Brien Will Leave Hot Springs To-day,

Ark., Jan, 24—Jack O'Brien,
the pugilist, arrived here on Jast Monday from
New York, by way of Savannah
was sick witha violent cold, and getting an
| opportunity to come south with ao friend took a
tevmerto savannah und there decided tocome
here, He anvs he is sorry that he left New
York on aceount ofthe talk it has ocessioned
of hist ling away from Frank Evne, who he
is sche tuled to fight on Feb, 2.) He further
' aavs he has lost a week's training and does
hot Know whether ho will fight Erne or not on
the above date, He leaves for Naw York toe
morrow tn response to a telegram from his
' manager, Jack Dougherty.

Hor Spriscs,

 
 

| Checkers,
| De Freest and Simpson were the only cone
testanta inthe checker tournament for the
championship of Greater New York at “The
Cottage,’ 74 Grand street, last night. They
| were still battling for honors in the second
! round when elosing-up time came, On Mon-
day night they plavedtwo drawn games, and
) last night they spent almost the entire evening
on the third game, which also resulted in a
draw, Soon atter the opening of the fourth
game Simpson swapped one man for two, and
at an early hour this morning held the advane
tage, Play in the tinal round will begin to-
morrow might.

 
 

Princeton Elects a Pootball Manager.

Priscrton, Jan, 24.—At a massmoeeting of

the three upper classes of Princeton Univaraity |

to-day officers of the Football Association for

next season were chosen, Alfred D Childs,
1901, of Englewood, N. J... who aeted aa as.

elected manager to succeed William Robinson,

1900, nod Robert ©. Gordon, 1102, was selected

hy the undergradaates fram the four sophos

more nominees to take Childs'’s place us use
; Sistant manager,
|

Curling.

The curling competition for the Gordon

terday afternoon at the Hoboken rink, was
postpone! on account of the eandition of the
he Asa resulta large number of curlers,
' who were on band to participate in the con.
| test, were disappointed, = Tf the present eold
weather continues and the jee is good enough
the possesfon of the medal will be decided on

| next Monday,

| Gossp of the Ring.
| N. J, New York—They never met.
|

{

TON. W.C,, New York--He was knocked ont,
li ©... New York —MeCoy was the favorite at 10
tow
} 0G. T.R
hot coon,
| G.W,New York~He is a native of this city and
| was born on the Mist Side,
| Tom Sharkey and Joe Goddard may meet in a six.
round boutat Philadelphia inaide of two weeks,
Charlies B. Wikel, Halifax—The referee's decision
} is thr sland all bets ona knockont shoult be paid,
George McFadden hos consented to box Spike
| Sullivan again, and the Bromaway A, C. will give the
uen a date
Jimmy Handler bas signed articles of agreement
to mect George Gardner
| rounds at the Herenles

berts, White P.ains—Tuths was ill and did

A. C., on Feb, 12

Charley Bangs bas inatched George Cole, the bard-
b tring colored | chtweight of Crenton, t) meet Kid
Cartorof Broovlyn tor twenty rounds at the Green-
woouw ALC, on next Saturday night

Spi subiivan has received an offer to
Kal Parker at San Francisco in March Parker
Wanis to feht at 140 pounde, but Sullivan desires
the weight limit to be 144 pounds,

   
   

  

   

1 sto. Jan 24.—Two Canadian boxers will com-

| pe ithe A, AT. tournament in New York next

mouth, John L, Scholes, the featherweight cham-

pion, has entered in the 125-pound class and Chris

Gat of Peterborough, intends to enter the feath-
ery hit class

 

Jarry O'Toole of Vermont has arrived in this city
and is ceady to tactile any man weighing 148 pounds,
joum O'seien, bot the hight weight who is matehed
f te meet Frank Erur, who bas O'Toole under his
f, Wants 'O fight auy 135-pounder, Lew Weber
ateraon preferred
into the /elhourne Spor'aman Peter Felix,
elgut champton of Australia, and Bill
Who Was eaeily detested by Kid Mecoy in
\frics several years ago, fought for the heavy.
» Weetern Australia, on Dov,

  

  

Sorter
weght title in halkoorie
the litt Was twenty rounds and the purse was

£700. Seven Pers ovnds were tought Doherty
in the battle broke both of his handa and in
th venth Pel.x seoveda knockout, Fels, who ts
colored, is over six feet tall, He is said to be related
to Peter Jackson

 

Masketball Notes,
|  Wurrrstone, Jan. 24.—The team of the Warlow A.

Y. M. C, A, of Brooklyn by 22 to ¥, at Koab Pavilion
to-nighs

| C, of Whitestone vefeated the Fastern A. C, team of

sistant manager last season, Was unanimously |

medal, which was scheduled to take place yes. |

 

He savs he !

 

onde: TP. Duke,

Hecond Contest for the Banks Cups at the
N.Y. U,

The second of the pre'iminary contests for
the Banks cups was held in the New York Unt-
versity gymnasium yesterday afternoon before
4 large gathering of students and their friends
The evonts were the 175+yard dash, pole vault
and three-quarters of am/ile run, Contrary to
oxpectations, based on the contesta In former
years, the entry list in the pola vault was very
large, no less than fifteen men having entered,
Two new records were established in the runs,
A. L, Denechfleld, captain of the track team,
who showed up ao woll in the first contest,
made a newimark in the 175-yard dash by cov-
ering the di-tunce in 201-5 seconds, In the
three-quarter run G. M, Trede, the K. A. C,
freshman, covered the distance {n 3 miputes
303-5 seconds, a new record. On the whole
the performances of the afternoon were on im-
provement on the previous ones, Tho records
of the best men in each event follow:

Three-quarters of # Mile Kun-—G. M. Trede, 1905,

8 minutes 6H 3-5 Keconds, GT. Barron, Moo, %
minutes 44 seconds: H, N, MacCracken, 100, 3
10), % imine

Minutes bu #5 seconds; Caleb Hyatt.
utes 5) 2-5 seconds; F. Lyon, bod, Siminutes 544-5
seconds, G. Grifiv, 1908. 3 minutes BH 4-5 seconds;
F, Twidy, 108, 4 minutes 2 2-6 seconds, MS. Well
1908, 4 minutes 11 4-5 seconds; G, Boosen, 10%,
4 minutes 18 seconds, G, Scudder, 102, 4 minutes
18 2-3 seconds

175 Yard Run=A. L, Denehfield
102, 204 seconds, 8, H Molle.
21-5 seconds. F. Grasmmck, |Wou lt

V. Auderson, Lu, 22 2-5
bis, ~"% geconda: «,
Siimpaeon, (vos,
gb 2-5 wee nds,

 

 

THO1, 20 1-5 Kee

60n, 180),
4-5 seconds; D, Orrand |
eecouds Fo Muldoon
Bpecht, ly 4. fh veconds, FB.
22 4-Gaeecom ), Greacen, 1¥08,

Pole Vault -M. 8. Berrey 4 feet § inches;
W. F. Irwin, 1908, S feet inches; KE. Vo Anderson,
105.8 feet finch; @ Clementa, 1008, 7
invhea: G, William Cox, 1003, 7 feet Ginches; F.
Rarnor, 1W04, 7 feet 2 inches

The six best men in each event will compete
with the six best men in each of the events in
the other contests, in the Noal handicap games,
The following qualitled in the first contest:
Jones, Denchfeid. Lane, Irwin, MacCracken,
Barron, Kraft, Trede, Wilding, Banning, May-
e'l, Hyatt, Molleson and Reese.

Manager MacCracken has arranged a meet
for the track team with Lafayette College, at
Easton, inthespring, Manager De La Mater
is making arrangements fora gymnastic meet
with Lehigh University ;

The committee appointed by tha athletic
assoclation to confer with a eominittes from
Rutgers College in regard toa dual league in
all branches of athleties met yesterday and
drew upa letterto the Rutgers A. A.

      
 

 

 

 

 

Baseball, Track and Cycling Expenses at
Columbia,

The Columbia University A, A., at ite meoet-
inw yesterday, granted the budgets submitted
to itas follows: Baseball team, $1,700; track
team, $1,800; eveletonm, $1,000, The lacrosse
team and crew have not determined their bud-
getsas yet. Owing to increased expenses, the
association will bo compelled to ask subserip-
tions forthe first yoar from the undergradn-
ates, and the following Finanee Committee was
appointed for this purpose

A.R, Allan, J, 8. Bahter, W. FB. Mitehell, 7. W.
Cary. H.W. Shoemaker, J. BW Smith, Is. and Wb
Buikley, wot; Co A, Dana and W. B, Shoemaker,

od

The indoor championships of the track team
will begin on Saturday alfernoon with a one-
mile run open to freshmen only, Capt. Smith
has entered alarge number of track men in
the games of the Righth Regiment A

Maxwell Long, the intercollegiate quarter.
mile champion, oroke the Columbia indoor
track recordin the gymnasinm yesterdyay by
two seconds, covering the 17 yards in 184-5
gseCONn ts

The freshman boakethall team defeated the
Morris High School tive in the gympasim
yesterday by a score of IN to 12,

 

Pratt Institute Boys Compete.

Brook.

of the

At the Pratt Inatitute gymnasium,
lyn, yesterday after: the members
athletic association competed in three events
of the aeries held every two weeks for the pur-
pose of deciding the class and naividual in-
door championships of the sthool, Considers

ing thesharpturnsin the running track and
cramped stretch the time for the quarieremile
run was fair, Summary fodows:

Putting Twelve Pound Blot —Won by Arthur iitter
100, with an actual put of SS tect lO duchess: & MV
‘

 

swift, sophomore, second, N. Bo Nash, suphomor
third

440-Yar Dash—Won by A Allen, senior, W. ‘Wal
lace, senior, aecond, C.F, Day, senior, third, Time,
1.07

Kunning Broad Jump—Won by W. Wal'ace, 1yoo,

t17 feet 7 inehes
vy third

with au actmal sump J. Nutting,

senior, second; Beiser, seu

The Baseball Situation at Baltimore,

was announced to-
ition which ts to pros

Bantrimore, Jan, 24,—it
day that the new organ:

‘Absolute Facts That Cannot Be

 

Moét and

Chandon

Champagne

Disputed.

FIRST.—The house of Mvét and Chandon was founded in 1743.

SECOND.—The house of Moét and Chandon own more vineyards than

all of the following houses combined :
Clicquot, Piper Heidsieck, Monopole, Ruinart, G. HL

Mumm, Pommery. Roederer.
THIRD.--The sales of Mot and Chandon throughout the world
greatly exceed those of any other brand.

| FOURTH.—The wine shipped to the United States at the present
time by the house of Mot and Chandon is of the celebrated
vintage of 1593, of which they hold a sufficient reserve to
insure its continuance for a considerable period,

FIFTH.—Moet and Chandon Champagne has been served exclusively
for a great many years at most of the prominent society

|

functions,

SIXTH.—After repeated sampling and careful comparison with all
the other Champagnes by the ablest experts, Moet and Chandon
has been pronounced, without question, far superior in
quality to any of the other brands,

 

BASEBALL MAGNATES GATHERING

They Will Confer at Cleveland Abont Na-
tional Lengue Affairs.
CLEVELAND, Jan, 24.—Many of the National
League magnates are in this city or are ex-
pected to arrive here to-night, Those already

here are J.T. Brush of Cineinnath Eb-
bets of Brooklyn and Soden of Bos-
ton. They have reg stered secretly at the
Hotenden Hotel and the clerks deny thelr
presence. From other attachés the rooms oe-
eupled by Ebbets and Prush were located.

Brush was in a rage when he found he was dis-
covered, Soden was found later in Ebbeta’s
room, $20)

Brush later ortered his room ehanged and
his name was removed from the rack, Frank
De Hass Robison dented that the other mag-
bates Were present

From a lengthy conversation
facet was derived thatas yet th

with him. the
Cireuit Com-

; nittes had named him no definite sum as a
paren ise price, also that the magnates were
vere to induce other parties to form $a

|
|
|

mote baseball in this city will be formally
Jaunehed next Prdayv evening. There are sald
to be ten intereste tin the seheme. These will |

    

meet at a hotel to be decided upon later, stook
subscriptions amounting to $20,000 will be
paid in, oMcers elected, incorporators named

andthe contract with MoGraw to manage the
team signed, It was further said that ne
tions for grounds are well under way, bu

 

tite
are

  
 

slow, asthe interested parties are out of the |

city

It leaked out this morning thata man promi-
nent in the bastern League madea proposition
a few days aso to Meciraw to become tdentifled
withateam hereto be placed in that circuit
Tt was not asa playeror managerthat MoGraw
was wanted, but be was to become “inter-
ested, sothat his name could be use!
Was requested to meet parties out of the city
for discussion, or they would meet him here.
MeGraw declined all overtures

Temporary President Quinn left. for Wash-
ington shortly after noon to-day. He said that
Mecraw and Robinson bad plainly stated their
connection with the new movement. (Quinn
further said that the association will be organ.
ized in Philadelphia, but the date is still held
under cover,

 

Intercity Games Among Schoolboys,

The first official meeting of the Intercity Ath-
letic Committee was held at Columbia Grim-
mar School yesterday afternoon, W. McKenna
of Columbia was elected temporary chairman,
The first business transacted was the eleetion
of officers forthe year, President Draper, New
York IS, A. A. was eloeted Chairman and
Welden, Long Island TS. A. A. Seeretary, It
was decided that the first intercity match be
at hockey between the winners of the jocal
and Long Island chamnion-bips, The contest
Willtake piace atthe Clermont Avenue Kink,
Brooklyn, on Marehs 7

Owing to the jocal assoelation not heing able
to secure a place to hod the besketball cham-
pionship, no mateb in that sport was arranged
Action, however, may be taken in the matter
atthe next meeting, Baseball was also Jaid
over, It was decided to awarda eup to the
winning schoolin the hockey mateh, Both the
New York and jong Isinned associations will
hold their track championships on May 12
The intercity games will be decided on May

0.

HMockey.

Thea hockey teams of the Hoefley Sehnol of
Commerce, Brooklyn, and the Second Naval
Battalion met at the Clermont avenue rink
last night in the second of their series of
games, The sailors were never in it, tho

schoolboys winning by a score of 7 vous
to 0. In the seeond half the sailors were
again whitewashed and the Heflley students
scored 4 goals, leaving the final tally of the

match, Hellley Sehool 7 eoals
To-night, atthe st) Nicho as rink the teams
‘of the st, Nicholas Skating Cub and the
| Hoekey Clubot New York will meet, The St

of Lowell for twenty-tive |

meet |

Nicholas team has a clean seore of victories,
while the Hockey Club is now piaying a strong
and fast game.
Provipence, Jan, 24
Brown by ascore of 8 to.
the first of their series of ic

.~Harvard defeated
] this afternoon in
vhoekey games,

 

Billiards,

Leonard Howison, the Canadian player, and
Tohbn MeAuliffe of Chicago, a nephew of Jacob
Schaefer, are negotiating fora match at four
teen-inch balk-line biiiiards. Doth are young
menand play a strong game. MeAuliffe has
been couched by Schaefer an! »> beable
to average about seven

Ora Morningstar has been engaged by the
Metropolitan Club to take charge of ifs billiard

room, . .
George Slosson and Frank A. Keeney, the

amateur, payed a frendiy moteh at tne form.

senidt

i ers academy lastnight, the Student’ to seore

1 ?OO points at eighteen-ineh-balk

ne against
Keeney's 100 foarteen-inch balk-line, The
game developed into a warm one toward the
close Slosson finally winning the dinners by
fourteen points,

 

Peter Latham Sails for Home,

Peter Latham, the world’s champion raequet
and court tennis expert, who has been playing
a series of matches in this country, sailed for
England yesterday on the White Star ateamer
Oceanic. Among those nssemblet to wish hun
bon voyage were George Standing, the orotes-
sional at the Racquet and Tennis Clup, and
Alfred Tompkins, the instructor of court ten-
nisatthesame club. Latham sail that he wae
well pleased with his reception here, and that
he looked forward to another visit as soon as
hia professional engagements on the other side
permitt

He)

syndicate to buy the local cull grounds and un-

' moderate

dertake to own an Americun League team
here. On the price they can get for the |
ball grounds will depend — largely the
amount of money that will be paid to
the Robisons De Haas Robison seemed

greatly satisfied withthe deyelonmenta and it
is understoo! that matters have taken a turn
to secure him more money for his franchise
and grounds than he expected

The seerecy is due to the faet that the
mignates want it understood that. the new
oval ball company has absolutely nothing
todo with the old powers and is not formed at
their suggestion As a matter of fact
the new company is being formed bv the Na-
tional League men, Upto ooek neither
Hart of Chicago nor Pulliam, both of whom are
known to have started for here, could be loe
cated, John M, Ward is in the city.

Aloha'’s Rig Changed.

The auxiliary yacht Aloha, built last year
from designs by Clinton H, Crane for D, Willis
and A. Curtls James, has been in the Erie
Basin baving radical changes made in her rig,
t was found to be too large. Seventeen feet
has been cutoff the tLowsprit, and the totul
height of the toremast has been reduced 14
feet, making it now 158 feet, The lower masta
were unshipped and 4 feet cut offof each, Five
feet was taken off the maintopmast and 7
feetoT the royal, As soonnas the yacht ta ra-
rigged she will be tried and early in the spring
the Messrs, James will make a craise in
Southern waters,

Riverside Vacht Club Nominations,

The folowlog nominations have been made
by the Riverside Yacht Club
dore, George G. Tyson, schooner Nirvana;
ViewCommedore, James D. Sruith, sehooner Viking;
Rear Commodore, FE, Hope Norton, sloop Memorr;
Treasurer, Charlies F, Buxton; Secretary, J. G. Por
ter, Measnurer, T. Bt Trustees, for term end
inw February, bot rick telty and W. A, Ham:
ilton. for unexpired term of George Lowther, re-
sauned, WJ. 1 Davids Re gittaCommittee, Charles
V. lower, Chairman; Wo A tiufttington and F. 8
Dorenus, Metnbership Committee, Robert Rutter,
JOH, MeKenoa and George Fo Marks; Entertainment
Committee. J. Arthur Outwell, 8.1L. Lindeman and
F. H. Brouley, Jr; Fleet Surgeon, Dr, H. HL Tyson,
dr, Chaplaina, Key, Dr. George C, Houghton, Rev,
Rufas Putney and the Rev. Charles F. Boylston

Comn

   
    

  

Yachting Notes,

H. 8 Hovey's schooner yacht Fortuna ie being
overhauled at Lawley's vard, South Boston

The membera of the Knickerbocker,
Jersey City, Pavonia, New York Bay and New Jersey
vacht clite are trying to make arrangements so
eachothor's louses can be ueed as club atae

 

Commodore George Bullough of the Royal Clyde
Ya btelub has sent bis stesmer Rhouma to Cape
Town to bring back sick and wounded Uritieh sol.
diers, The men will be taken to Commodore Bul
louzb’s country seat onthe islandof Rum, on the
west coast of Scotland

Baseball Notea,

Themoth rof Jock Tavlor. the Cincinnati pitcher
di dather howe in West New|Brighton,Stat. n Islane
op last saturday

Tim Donahwe ia the first Chicago plaver to sivn a
Nottouol League contract. Hare secured the big
catchers signature yesterday,

  

 

Greenville, |

 

Colleges and Schools.

SACRED HEART ACADEMY.

Select Cathohe Boarding School; thorough Aca
demic and Commercial Courae, open all year; terms
Address Bro. AUGUST, West Choster, N.Y.

For Young Men & Women—City and Country

EMIL bk, CAMERER, Ph. B., CH Prin,
KEGENTs EXAMINATIONS,

Oldest, largest, best equipped school preparing
students for Khewents exaninations

For every ONE etucent prepared elsewhere this
school has SUCCESSFULLY prepared FIVE,

Both sexes, Agos from 7 to 65. Classes. private
lesaons,  Conrses cover requirements for College,
Secientifne or Professional schools

New day and evening terma begin Jan, 29, 1900,

15 West 43d St, New York,
200 Joralemon St, Brooklyn, —

 

SENFTNER SCHOOL, 13,,5\0",,ulaas:
» near Broadway.
27th Session begins Jan, 2uth, 1900, .
This school has successfully prepared thonsanis
of Law, Medical, Dentaland other students for the
Revent’s Exatuinations and for Colleges
For descriptive catalogues address
H. F. SENFTNER, A. B., M.D. Prinetpal,

REGENTS iin od hasta Girewe

lar, Regieter to-day. Morning and evening sessions,

PESNINGTON SEMINARY--Thorough education,
good home end nobility of character our com-

LHOMAS O'HANLON, D, D.,

Pennington, Nod.

   

 

slant alm,

Business Colleges.

The PACKARD &
COMMERCIAL SCHOOL

101 EAST 2 STREET, NEWYORK (Comer 4% An)
Foumeed 1858 by S$ ard Nearly 20,
Students prepared for business.

 

All commercial branches individually |

taught. Students who enter now have
six months for business preparation be»
fore vacation, Ask for catalogue,

Long Island Business College

H4it) 14 South Mighth et, Brooklyn,
HIGH GRADE COMMER? CKAINING,
DAY AND EVE + SESSIONS
Prospectus Free HENRY ©. WRIGHT, Principal,

Annual Club Night Class,

STELNOGRAPHY — speed Drill, Coaching,
AND Private or Class Inst ion,
TYPEWRITING Day and Evening.
TRAINING F. EB. Parrish, Inatructor,
SCHOOL, 105 Fast 22d St, Room 216.0

Schools of Languages.

STAMMERING and other SPEECH

 

  

  

 

/ DEFECTS corrected. LIP-READING

taught tothe deaf. D, GREENE, 1122 B’way.

Schools ot Elocation and Dramatic Art. j

STAGE INSTRUCTION.

Ladies and endle nen desirous of adopting the

      

stage ASAD sion thoroughly and practically ine
atructed. Positions # enred all talented apis. Bend
for circular, EDWIN GORDON LAWRENCE, 106

West 42d at.

Dancing Academies.

MISS McCABE’S

 

 

 

  
  

 

 

Da ietie School, 21 Fast 17th st.. near B'w.
Private aud class lessons daily; beginners any time
to saiiimtigmmnes PRATER
Is of Physical Culture,

 

Handball, Boxing, Traine
ing Baths, &e, vntrance,
*5. Monthly Dues, $2,

 

noTel
Accommodations of a destrable character may

AND BOARDING HOUSE

be found by a reference to THE SUN's advere

 

| tising columns, Ade

 

ct et RU LY)

-t

 

A4 “A
UY

 

“SPORTS.”

sig dinner last night ?

It was, indeed.

Plenty to drink, too?

Well, I should say so,
Headache in consequence ?
Oh, no.

How do you manage it?
KIPANS TABULE,

Will that do it?

Every time

A new étyle packet containing TEN RIPANS TABLES ina

for rale at some drug stores
the economical
ing forty-eight cents to the Kipans
single carton (TEN TABULES)

FOR FIVE CENTS,

This low ni r ,

BE Stores ron rrvp Coane arione eee Sort is intended forthe poorand
HEMICAL Compayy, No,
will be sent for five cents,”

paper carton (without glaas) ts now

les) can be had by ma
10 Spruce Strvet, Now Yokes

   

<a