1. LXXVII.—NO. 284,

 
 

V0
OVERSEAS IN 19 FOOT YACHT

si BIRD, THREE MEN AROARD,
SAILS FOR ROME.

 

 

stotor Hoats Flutter About Her as She
starts From Pawtuxet on a Voyage
rvtraordinars—Aftach Smaller Than
Jost) Stocum’s Globe Cirelimg Spray.

Ppaovipenck, June 10.--The tiny yawl
cea Bird, with three men but no dog
» board, sailed away from the Rhode
island Yacht Club house at Pawtuxet
ryis efternoon bound for Rome. The
sea Bird is owned by Thomas Fleming
Day. editor of the Rudder and an enthusi-
ast on small boat sailing. With him are
t Rk Goodwin and Fred B. Thurber
sf this caty

The Sea Bird, only 19 feet on the
water line, lazily tugged at her moor-
nics of the yacht chib house all the morn-
ng while the last of the etores were put
n board and carefully stowed away.
in a boat of this size there is not much

1m for stowage and much care has to
hoe taken to put things where they can be
raached easily and not be epoiled by salt
water that may be taken on board.

The three yachtemen were with their
frends receiving final instructions from
well wishers. They held a reception in
the clubhouse at noon and when they
were ready to go on board the Sea Bird
they were decorated with club pins and
ther souvenirs

\ little before 2 o'clock the three jumped
nto their dingy, pushed off and pulled
toward the Sea Bird. Cheers bade them
‘arewell and a good voyage.

{s soon as they were onthe tiny yacht
‘he anchor was got on board, the head
«| broken out and the Sea Bird was off.
There was a light wind, but the Sea Bird
seamed to be at her best as she headed
down Narragansett Bay toward the ocean.
The flag of Italy was hoisted at the mast-
head and the American ensign was on
the This was dipped in answer
to a salute fired from the shore.

tiger

4 big fleet of motor boats accompanied
the Sei Bird down the Bay. Some went.
.s far as Newport and then returned.

The yacht by sundown was making
toward the Nantucket Shoals lightehip,
which she will head across the
ean. On the way out she was met by the
hooner Weatward, which was juse
erriving from England. The two boats,
pe coming home with laurels and the
‘her seeking honors starting out, saluted.
Thomas Fleming Day, who promoted
ivly all the long distance races for small
its and who helped to make them suc-
siul by sailing in them himself, has
ra long time wanted to cross the oogan
io a small boat. Once he made plans
it had to give up the idea because his
ew withdrew. Now he has induced two
less amateur sailors to accompany
Lim ina erutse across the Atlantic, and
the three started yesterday from Bristol,
|, with the idea of reaching Rome.
taiv

Mr. Day, who is an honorary member

‘the Rhode Ieland and forty-seven other

ht clube, is the skipper of thie cruise.
lie 1s uecompanied by Theodore R. Good-
wn, president of the Narragansett Bay
Racing Association, and Fred. B.
Thurber, a member of the Rhode Island
Yicht Club, Mr. Goodwin isa an able
yachtaman and has done considerable
sailing and Mr. Thurber has sailed in many
an ocean Trace and was one of the crew

f the Kitcinque when that boat was
burned two years ago while racing from
Kay Ridge to Marblehead.

The Sea Bird és 25 feet 5 inches over all,
14 feet on the water line, 8 feet 4 inches
beara and 8 feet 8inches extreme draught.
She spreads 400 square feet of canvas in
her working sails and in addition can set
« squaresail-when the wind is favorable.
The area of this sail is 120 square feet.
Kecently the Sea Bird was equipped with a
tires horse-power Knoxengine. This turns
116 inch propeller. She has thirty gal-
lons of kerosene in tubular tanks under
the cabin floor, five gallons in the cockpit
aid three galions of gasolene for starting.

The Sea Bird was designed by O. D.
Mower-and Thomas Fleming Dav in 1001

fram

  

 

Yaeht

  
 

for offshore cruising. Her construction
as worked out by L. D. Huntington, who
built Lerat New Rochelle. Sheis very
heavily built and strongly fastened, and

after having been sailed thousands of miles
fuoWs no signs of weakness. Her stand-
et Tiggiug is phosphor bronze, with
tronze turnbuckles and ‘locks, and her
og rigging was epun especially for
“eis painted white on the top side,
green underbody.
is three compasses, one seven inch
ne five inch oil and one small boat
lhe total weight of the stores,
‘and crew is 2,400 pounda, She
ten gallon tanks filled with water
n the first emall boat ocean
New York to Marblehead for
ncup and she was the first yacht
Ly wireless passing Nantuoket
essel the day after it was in-
She sailed around the
) 4 gale and much surprised the
nts of that vessel.
»the navigator. He will firat
\vores, distance 2,200 miles;
+) miles, and then Rome by
» Strait of Bonifacio, 900 miles
ed that she will make the pas-
y dave
shia Slocum sailed around the
» Spray, a sloop 35 feet long,
aed a book about his exper-
eo. year Capt, Slocum sailed
Redford headed for South
ra long time nothing was
n and he was given up for
vooks ayo, however, a report
country that Capt. Slocum
and sailing the Orinoco
iad often expressed a wish to
4) big stream, and many of
ak that there is some truth
r that he is alive and will be
i ther
bord is a amaller boat than the
is wn able sailing craft and
» HO reason why she should not
\tlantic, but the three navi-
y have anything but a comforta-
oo the ocean

net

ret

is

ee] 1 1003

!

fini! Utreaks Woman's None,
tted hy a youngster who was
‘I her hoys yesterday at
'e and Powell street, Brook -

t+

ia Window of a Borgen
d broke Mra,
t She lives
Villamasburg,
ry'e Hospital

sud- Klizabeth
at 492 Stanhope

She was taken to

”

 

 

ee -.. .  ”0CO OOOO eee ee eee). — — — m— mn n—n— — eee eer eee

 

   
 

   
 

HOSPITAL MUST DEFEND SUIT.
Brought by Woman fur Damages He. |

cause of Autopsy on Her Son.
ALBANY, June 10.--The Court 6f A
peals has reversed the lower courte and!
decided that the Presbyterian Hospital
of New York city must defend a suit for
$50,000 damages brought by Jane Darcy
because the hospital authorities inter- |
fered with the plaintiff's possession of |
her son's body following his death in the |
institution and because an autopsy was
performed against her wishes, which ehe
alleged wourtied hor feelings and caused
mental distreas.

The complaint alleged that John Darcy,
the plaintiff's son, died at the hospital
on October 31, 1006, at which time his
mother was his only next of kin. She
had paid $1 a day for his treatment, but
when she gent an undertaker for his body
the authorities refused to deliver it and
requested her to consent to an autopsy.
She refused, and then the physician in
charge of the hospital caused a Coroner
to send one of his physicians to the hos-
pital and an autopsy was performed
thero in the presence of the surgeons.

Judge Haight, writing the Court of
Appeals opinion, says that the mother,
as the nearest next of kin, was entitled
to have possession of her son's body at
once amd that she may maintain an ac-
tion for damages because of her wounded
feelings. The defendant insisted that
the complaint does not state a cause of
action, but the court says that under
the law of this State an unauthorized
autopsy is prohibited and is made a mis-
demeanor unless the person sha! die in
& suspicious or, unusval manfler. There
is nothing in the complaint to show that
Darcy died in an unusual or suspicious
manner, although the court saya the
hospital may be able to show this on the
trial.

The lower courts dismiased the suit
on the ground that it didnot state a cause
of action.

WELCOME FOR UU. S. SHIPS.

 

Great Preparations at Cronatadt—Escort
for Every Sailorman,
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR Stn.

St. Peterssvrc, June 10.—A most
cordial reception is being prepared for
the Second Division of the Atlantic squad-
ron of the United States Navy upon its
arrival at Cronstadt to-morrow. All
available craft have been engaged to take
visitors out to the ships.

The Admiralty yaoht will have on board
Admiral Grigorovitch, the Minister of
Marine, and other distinguished persone,
who will receive Rear Admiral Badger and
the vessels of the division in behalf of the
Czar. Tae senior officers of she visiting
ships will dine on board the Neva in the
evening.

The leading popular resorta, such asthe
People’s Palace, are giving 500 seats
gratis to the bluejackets. The Russian
War Office has detailed a Russian sailor
to accompany.each American tar.

CORNELL FRAT HOUSE BURNED

Home of Sigma Alpha Epstion Destroyed
--All the Boys Escape,

Itwaca, June 10.—The Cornell fra-
ternity section was visited by its annual
fire to-night when the Sigma Alpha Epsi-
lon ftaternity house on Hill Crest, one of
the highest points in Ithaca, was burned
tothe ground. The loss will reach $30,000

The fire started on the lower floor,
according to the theory of the firemen,
and shot up through the elevator shaft
to the roof; long before the fire apparatus
could be brought up the hill from down-
town the building was a mass of flames
which could be seen for miles around.
Some of the Cornell students who lived
there had already left town, having
finished their examinations, but a good
many were still there. They all escaped
and managed tosavesome ofthe furniture.
Sparks from the burning building fell on
the roof of the Alpha Delta Phi house
near by, but the student bucket brigade
and the firemen managed to keep that
house protected. iS

The Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity
had occupied this house for ten years or
60.

DIPLODOCUS OUTCLASSED.

Germans in East Africa Unearth Some
Record Dinosaurian Bones,
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun

RERLIN, June 10.--The expedition that
went to collect dinosaurian remains in
German East Africa reports the discovery
of bones larger than any heretofore
known. One apecimen of a humerus
bone is 6 feet 10% inches long.

As compared with 3 feet 11 inches of
the humerus bone of the diplodocus, it
indicates a thigh bone of 9 feet. They
have also found a neck bone indicating
the proportionate superiority of that
part.

SIX-YEAR-OLD TRAVELLER

Who Isn't Worried About Herself, but Is
About Her Doll.

Misa Ellen Mary Snow of Boston ar-
rived yesterday in the second cabin of
the American liner St. Louis nursing
a very little lady of Parisian ancestry
and unchangeable countenance except
as to eyes, which she opened and closed
in a manner very pleasing to Misa Snow,
who is not related to the mature young
woman.

Miss Snow is 6 vears of age. ‘lhe sec-
ond cabin stewardess had the iob of tak-
ing care of her, but she scorned assist-
lance with true Bostonian spirit, remark-
| ing that the only person who really needed
| looking after was the darling little Suzette |
{of Paris, who. never had been across
seas, a8 Misa Snow had been and there-
fore should not be negilectad Mra.
Claire k. Ozmund, widow of the Ameri-
can Consul at Constantinople, who was
a first Cabin passenger, took a stron
interest in the little girl and the doll ane
brought both of them up into the firat
cabin after the first day out. Mias Snow's
father met her at the pier and took her to
Boston by a Providence line boat.

SPEEDY NAVY RACE,

Torpedo Boat Winner Averages 80 Knots
From Norfolk to Newport Harbor.
Newport, R. J., June 10.—Three boata

of the seventh torpedo division, the Pres- |
!ton, Smith and Reid, raced from Norfolk |
lto Narragansett Bay on Friday. They |
| eft Norfolk at daylight on Friday mornin,
and lined u or ampton Roads for ‘
| race to the Brentons Reef lightehip.
i. The Presten beat the other boats by an
hour, making an average of 80 knote an
| hour and for a part of the time developed
31', knote. The Flusser withdrew from

the race on account of a disabled blower.

 

 

ee cnn EE Eee

   
        

   
  

 

SHIPS EQUIPPED BY GASTRO

MYSTERIOUS = SAILINGS FOR
SOUTH AMERICAN PORTS.

 

Soldiers of Fortune Vanish From New
Orteans and Rifles Are Shipped Away
by Express—Venezucian Disturber
to Join Steamer Hermanos at, Sea.

New Ortkans, June 10.—The steamship
Hermanos sails from Guifport, Miss., to-
morrow morning. Her destination is an-
nounced indefinitely as “South American
Ports." To-day the steam yacht Siren,
purchased from the United States Gov-
ernment, sailed, provisioned for six
inonths, and under «ix months charter.
Her destination also was unannounced.

A score of soldiers of fortune who have
been gathering in ;New Orleans for the
last few weeks after quitting Col. Gari-
baldi of Madero's army are not to be
found to-night. Rifles, 2,000 Springfields
and Belgians, left New Orleans this after-
noon by express.

From men who have seen the inception
of many a filibustering expedition to
South and Centra! America comes the
information that Cipriano Castro is plan-
ning to reestablish himself at the head
of the Venezuelan Government by force
of arms and that the Hermanos and
doubtless the Siren are equipped by him

He will board the Hermanos, it is said,
off Cuba, and next will be heard from near
Caracas, that is to say about La Guayra,
where the expedition is tofand. Castro's
agents have been in New Orleans for a
month. This is not their first visit. Last
September they were here and chartered
& vosse) at that time, but later relinquished
their charter

The recent movements of Castro have
occupied the attention of those interested
in South American affairs for about ten
days. He has been reported in several
places, but the truth of the matter, ac-
cording to information received here, is
that he ia in Cuba

Nathan Stern edmitted to-night that
he purchased the Hermanos a month ago
He denied, however, any dealings with
Castro.

“There's nothing in that,” he assured
newspaper men. “That's what you told
us when the Hornet sailed and she caused
all kinds of trouble in Honduras,” was the
answer,

Mr. Stern laughed and ended the in-
terview promptly, after advancing the
information that the Hermanos is in-
tended for the Buenos Ayres trade. But
@ catboat would be large enough for the
Argentine trade out of Gulfport.

The sunburned and hardy American
adventurers from the tropics who have
been haunting New Orleans cafés of late
have talked mysteriously of certain
employment promised them soon under
a different flag. To-night they all are
missing

It seems certain that.they were gath-
ered here by Zelaya, who has designs of
his own in Nicaragua; but his plans were
nipped in the bud by Secretary Knox a
week ago, and the Castro agents found
one of their most difficult tasks done for
them.

Theae men are for the most part expert
machine gunners. While filibuster ships
do not trumpet their plans from the
crow's nest it is believed the tactics to be
used are those adopted by the Hornet.
The Hermanos probabiy will clear for
Buenos Ayres, and will leave withan inno-
cent enough cargo

Stopping at one of the little islands
along the Mississippi coast she will take
on board the rifles and the soldiers.

It ia not believed likely there will be any
effort to detain her.

 

DETECTIVE BURNS TO ECROPE.

Los Angeles Thinks He Expects to Catch
Two More Dynamiters There.

William J. Burns, the detective, who
sailed yesterday by the American liner
Philade!phia, said he was going to the
otber side on business the nature of which,
heraid, he could not divulge, but he
intimated that it concerned a foreign Gove
ernment. He said he would attend the
coronation. He also said that he would
send all the Los Angeles dyvnamiters to
jail.

Los ANGELES, June 10. It is believed
here that Detective Burns's mission in
Europe ts the capture of David Caplan and
M. A. Schmidt, fugitives wanted in con-
nection with dynamiting of the Loa An-
geles Times. Soon after the arrest of
John J. McNamara and J. B. McNamara
Burns eaid Caplan and Schmidt has es-
caped to Europe

WHEAT BULL SAVES HIMSELF,

 

Lichtstern Belleved to Have Hedged His
12,000,000 Busheis on Every Break.
Cricaco, June 10.~-Board of Trade ob-

servers believe that A. J. Lichtstern, the

boss of the Chicago wheat trade in the

big May deal, has hedged his 12,000,000

bushels of cash wheat for July and Sep-

tember delivery and is now ready tostand
from under and let the bears do their
worat in smashing prices

July wheat broke 3'4 cents to-day,
from 92 cents to 88%'4 cents. Each fime

July haa had a little break of about 1 cent

the big houses acting for Lichtstern have

stepped in and taken the offerings, scared
the short sellers and forced a continuation

| of the bull market in the contracts repre-

senting the 1911 harvest. Perhaps twenty
times in the last thirty days the trade
has been treated to a Lichtstern “swell.”

It is now the theory that on each one
of these swells the Lichtstern brokerage
firms unloaded probably 600,000 bushels
of wheat in the shape of hedging sales
against the cash wheat taken and paid
for last month.

 

VLEGGS BURN A TOWN.
Omy Meant to Crack Post Office Safe,
but Flames Spread.

EvxKiys, W. Va., June 10.-- Burglare blew
open the safe in the French Creek post
office, twenty-two miles from here, this
morning. The explosion ignited the
building, the flames epread and between
fifteen and twenty houses, practioalty
the whole town, were burned. The
population of French Creek is about 200
and there isa no fire protection. In the
confusion the safe crackers got away

French Creek is the centre of a large
farming d

SUNDAY, JUN

SSeS

   
 

 

 

_ MAS MANUFACTURER ARRE.
v
| Picking -Money Not on Itim.

East Orange, a member of the firm of

 

at 49 West Twenty-fourth street, was ar-
rested last night on the complaint of
Thomas E. A. Ritchie, a salesman for
Curtiss Lee & Co., who insisted that Mr.
Jonas had picked his pocket on a Sixth
avenue street car. At Thirteenth street
& flashily dressed woman eat next. to Mr.
jJonas. After the car had passed Tiirtieth
street Mr. Ritchie said to one of the pas-
sengers that he had been robbed.

At Forty-second street Mr. Jonas
got off the car. RKitchie followed him,
called Policeman Kormann and told him
to arrest Jonas. At the East Fifty-first
street station acting Captain Raynor
suggested to Ritchie that he was taking
a risk in taking a complaint, but he
persisted and told the police that he
had been robbed of a $20 gold piece and a
$10 gold piece. A charge of grand larceny
was entered and Jonas was searched

He had $300 in bills and silver in hia
pocketa, Hut no gold

‘
|

GARRARD EXPLAINS,

Says His Comments on Jewish Race Were
Abstracted From His Confidential Files.
WasHInaton, June 10.-Col. Joseph

H. Garrard, commanding officer of Fort

Myer, Virginia, who was recently repri-

manded by order of President Taft for

making a statement derogatory to the

Jewish race in an official paper, contends

that the text of his indorsement which

caused the trouble was abstracted .from
the confidential files of the fort.

The case grew out of Col. Garrard's
adverse report on theapplica tion of Private
Frank Bloom, the son of the poet tailor,
for examination for a commission as a
Second Lieutenant in the army. Col.
Garrard said that as Bloom was a Jew
and also the son of the post tailor he did
not think it desirable that he should
become a commissioned officer.

Col. Garrard explained his action by
pointing out that the army regulations
make it mandatory for a commanding
officer to express an opinnion in forward-
ing such communications to the War
Department.

“I do not resent the President's atti-
tude.” Col. Garrard is quoted as having
eaid. “What other action could the
President take? With the publication
of a privileged communication expressing
an opinion, as did mine, he had no altere
native.”

WARSHIPS ORDERED NORTH.

President Believes There Is No Necessity
tor Keeping Them in Southern Waters.

Wasnhtnaton, June 10.—The naval
vessels which were mobilized in the West
Indies and Gulf of Mexico several months
ago when conditions in Mexioo were
acute will soon be ordered north. This
action was taken because the improve-
ment in Mexico has been so satisfactory
that President Taft and his advisers
believe there is no necessaity for keep-
ing these vessels in southern waters.

The armored cruiser North Carolina
will leave fiuantanamo on June 15 for
Hampton Roads to prepare for a cruise
to La Guayra the latter part of June.
The trip to Brazilian waters is for the
purpose of attending a Government cele-
bration there. Incidentally ehe will keep
a lookout for the reported revolution
which is said to be brewing against Pres-
ident Gomez of Venemiela.

On June 18 the armored cruisers Wash-
ington and Montana and the ecout
cruisers Birmingham and Chester will
leave Guantanamo for Hampton Roads
These vessels, the armored cfuiser North
Carolina and the transport Prairie will
convey the marines from Guantanamo
to the vessels of the Atlantic fleet from
which they were withdrawn at the time
the marine camp at Guantanamo was
established. ‘The scout cruiser Salem,
now at Galveston, will sail about June 12
for Boston.

COL.

 

 

STEAMERS ALL HELD.

White Star Makes Concessions and Olym-
ple May Sail on Time.
“pectal Coble Despatch to THB Sun.
SOUTHAMPTON, June 10.-—The coal por-
ters’ strike continues and there is con-
siderable doubt about the time several
liners will be able to sail for New York.
Tho St, Paul of the American Line, which
wes to liave suiled to-day, will probably
not be able to leave before Tuesday.
The work of coaling her by gteen hands
is progressing very slowly
The White Star Company has granted
un advance of ten shillings a month to
the firemene and seamen of the giant
liner Olympic and she may get off on
her scheduled sailing day, June 14.

 

 

FOR EXTRAORDINARY HEROISM.

Medals of Honor to Six of the Fireroom

Crew of the Battleship North Dakota.

WaSHINOTON, June 10.—President Taft
will present medals of honor to six mem-
bera of the fireroom crew of the battle-
ship North Dakota for extraordinary
heroism displayed during the fire on that
battleship on September 8 last, when her
oil fuel apparatus ignited as she was
entering Hampton Reads. The ocere-
mony will take place at the White House.

The men who will receive medals of
honor are Thomas Stanton of Newport,
R. 1., chief machinist’s mate; Karl Westa
of Mattapan, Mass., chief machiniat's
mate; Patrick Reid of Brooklyn, chief
water tender; August Holtz of Glencoe,
Mo, chief water tender; Charles C, Rob-
erts of Newton, Mass., machiniast’s mate,
and Harry Lipscomb of the District of
Columbia, water tender.

 

CITY HAS TWO POBICE CHIEFS.

Hut It Doesp't Mean Twofold Security for
San Franciscans.

San Francisco, June 10.-San Fran-
cisco has two police chiefs aa the result
of an order isaued by Superior Judge
! Seawell to-day

Chief John Seymour ie atill in office, as
he has not been removed by the police
commission, while David A. White, who
was appointed acting chief by the com-
mission when an attempt was made to
' suspend Seymour, was authorized to-day
| by Seawell to establieh himaelf as chief
' of police under the commission's orders.

Seymour etifl has possession of the
chief's office and records and hae had
jnew locks put on hie quarters. White
}and Seymour both insiat upon obedience
| of their orders. The entire Copartmens 9

 

in a muddle and guely to remain 6o un’
| the court gives a final decision.
9

Thatheimer Bros., button manufacturers

 

—
STED- ST

Assenger Accuses Marry Jonas of Pocket

|
|

 

LAGE'S SOCIETY CIRCUS.

Scurry of 10,000 Persons for Shelter
When the Storm Burst ‘‘Freaks'''
‘Tent Pole Falie—-Pergola Biown From
Over Refugees’ Heads — Women Hart.

Such a thunderstorm as Flushing hadn't
seen in ten years struck the Society Cir-
ous, the big show which the villagers
have been having for four days, just as
the main exhibition waa letting out last
night. There were upward of 10,000
persons on the grouhds, most of them in
the Midway, the World's Fair, the Hippo-
drome and the various side shown.

The storm burst with such euddenness
that the circus onlookers didn't have a
chance to get to permanent shelter, and
the big tent, made to hold 3,000 persons,
seemed the laat place to look for as a ref-
uge in the tempest. So moat of the crowd
stuck to the small tents in the expecta-
tion that if they did blow over the conse-
quences would not be as serious as in the
great tent.

It was a great hustle for the firet few
minutes to get enough places to hold the
10,00 ‘The Midway booths were put
up partly with timbers and they looked
to be as good shelter as there was The
contractor did his job so well that those
who got to the Midway weren't soaked,
nor did they have the dread of falling
tent poles.

In the tent of the “freaks,” however.
things were different. This was the place
where Flushing folks who simulated
oddities in their physical makeips had
been exhibiting themselves. The crowd
in the Midway swept in until the place
was jammed. You couldn't turn around
wijhout thrusting your elbow into some-
body's side

The wind: was eo great that the tent.
wabbling in the gale, showed signs of
weakness. The c§owd was nervous, and
when the thunder let go and the lightning
shone through the canvas one could see
that it was hard work for some of them
to keep manful holds upon themeelves
The lights went out early in the storm,
aud the only way one could tell who was
next to one was by the flashes overhead

This was one of the tents to go. The wind
caught up one side of it and toppled the
pole from ite stand. Men in the crowd
had gathered near it in the hope that they
could keep it in place, or at least in case
the wind got the better of it steer it in auch
@ way that the women wouldn't be hurt.
It was hard business, but somehow they
did it.

When the pole fell there was a rush
toward the open air and the crush was
harsh on summer clothes and under-
pinging. The wet canvas flopped down
upon the folks on the storm side, and
when the ropes sagged it flapped in the
wind and slapped the “freaka” and the
others with ita wet bulk

In the main tent a few had taken shelter
resolved that it was better to take chances
with falling poles than to get grievously
wet. The tent held together rather better
than wasexpected. One side of it, caught
by the storm, blew in and the wind, given
free play with the canvas, bellied it so
full that it looked as though the main
stays must give way. But they didn't

Vhe pergola, where the women of
College Point were eelling flowers, looked
reasonably solid and many took refuge
there, thinking that any sort of construc-
tion was better than canvas But when
the wind got to work on it the structure
upset, leaving the folks who had gathered
under it no protection whatever. There
was a rush for shelter, partly from fear
that the uprights of the building would
fal! with crushing force

A number of women, among them Mrs.
Francis K. Thayer, were caught in the
wreckage and were hurt. Dr. Anfdler,
who was in the pergola when the wind
tore it down, oared for a dozen of them
as soon as he oould get them to shelter.
Mrs. Thayer was not seriously hurt
She, like the rest of the women, was
bruised aud shaken and suffered from
shock, but she was able to go home.

Ellis Parker Butler, the “Pige Is Pigs”
man, was one of those who saw the thing
through. When the storm had quieted
down enough so that one could venture
out he went home and got into dry toge
and then went back with fifteen or twenty
other men to see that marauders didn't
make free with the wreckage of the circus.
Nobody paused to pick up the materials
of the show and much stuff needed effi-
cient protection. They waited until regu-
lar watchmen came around who could do
the policing for them.

Twelve of the Boy Scouts who were
taking part in the cirous and who were
camping out on the circus grounds were
taken to the Flushing Hospital for shelter.
This gave rise to a report that the twelve
boys had been injured, but one of them
explained matters himself over the tele-
phone. He eaid that altogether 500 of
the boya had had a part in the show.

Others of those who were tenting were
cared for in other waya and the great
majority went home. Those who went
to the hospital were too far from home
to get there conveniently, and it wae
“too wet" to etay on the grounds, the
youngster on the telephone explained.

The society cirous opened on Wodnes-
day night. It ie an annual fixture in the
town's social calendar and is given for
the benefit of the Flushing Hospital.

Among thore active in the charity are
Ellis Parker Butler, the writer; R. Lea
Low, who acted as ringmaster, and Frank
M. Lord and Will H. Walker, his assist-
ante; Alden 8. Blodget, Graham Youngs,
Reginald 8S. Willis, Alfred W. Booraem
and James C. Fargo, 2d, who were among
the fanoy riders in the “hippodrome®
show. Many little girle also took part
in the charity ae candy and programme
sellers.

The etorm did damage elsewhere in
Flushing. The police training stable
wae struck by lightning, but the bolt
didn't sot the place afire. All the horses
were rescued. Two houses in the neigh-
borhood of the circus tents were also
struck.

. EE

 

 

WIN
ton Mt, N.Y,

ORM SWATS FLUSHING SHOW |

Harry Jonas of 111 North Parkway,| FURIOUS WINDUP OF THE VIL-

eee

 
 

FORTY-FOUR PAGES.

  
 

 

 

Swansea Doctor Picks Up a Meal Murillo
and Wants 6280,000 for It.
Special Cable Despatch to Tax SUN.

Lonpon, June 10.—A local dootor pur- |

chased recently for a few pounds in a:

Swansea auction room a picture that |

is now believed to be a genuine Murillo

painting of San Sebastian. It is believed |

that it ia one of the many pictures etolen ,

from Spanish churches during the Penin- |

e@ilar War.
A london expert has confirmed the
belief that it is a Murillo and made the |
doctor a large offer, which was refused.
The doctor has fixed a prohibiti%e price,
as ho hopes eventually to sell it to the

National Gallery

He thinks that ita probable value ia!
£50,000, :

FIRE TRUCK UPSETS: 2 near. |

ae

 

 

Driver Thrown Unfler ft and Sertotsty
fnjured Fire of No Account.

Fire truck 22, responding to an alarm
at 197th street and Manhattan avenue, |
went over on ita side as it waa turning |
into Central Park West at 108th street

Philip Martin at the wheel was thrown |
under the truck. He was taken later
to J. Hood Wright Hospital with broken |
ribs and internal injuries

Another fireinan was slightly injured

The truck did not get to the fire, which
amounted to nothing At midnight it had |
not been righied

JUMPED ON ONRUSHING TANT,

But Policeman Got Poor Hold anit Was
Partly Run Over After (An.
Policeman Stephen Dowling of the Cen-
tral Park equad got of a Fifty-ninth street |
crosstown trolley car ai the plaza yes-
terday just as a taxicab turned the Fifth
avenue corner and in a moment was upon
him :
He didn't have time to get out of the
way and threw himself upon the machirie’s
hood and tried to hold on as the cab car-
ried him along. But he kept slipping.
slipping and then lost his hold and fell
to the street in front of the machine.
The chauffeur managed to bring his
cab to a stop when the policeman was
partly under it. Dowling received a
deep cut on the back of his head and
sundry body bruices. The chauffeur
picked him up, put him inthe taxi and took
him to Flower Hospital and left him there.
The policeman was so dazed he forgot
to get the chanffeur's name.
Dowling had a case in the Yorkville
police court. He attended to that and
then went home on sick leave

RECOLLECTED AND RESCUED.

Egan Hesolved Not to Re Saved Uniess
His Friend Was Saved Too.

John Egan, a hotel keeper at Third
street and First avenue, took a friend,
John Hertz, out in his naphtha launch on
Friday night. When they returned early
yesterday morning they stepped into a
rowboat to go ashore at Third street and
the East River. It was dark and the row-
boat turned over. Policeman Guttnick
heard their cries and he rescued Egan.
When Egan got ashore he said

“Where's Hertz?”

“Don't know anything about him,” said
the policeman.

“Hell!" said Egan, and he jumped over-
board. The policemen got a rowboat and
caught up with Egan, who had found
Hertz struggling in the w&ter and very
weak. Hertz was pulled into the boat and
Egan came after him.

“It's all right now,” said Fgan.
go ashore.”

|

 

“Let's

GROUNDHOG FIZZLE REDEEMED

Martin of Harvard Filts Over Mount Ane
burn in a Baby White Aeroplane.

 

Boston, June 19.-James V. Martin,
vice-president of the Harvard Aeronaut-
jeal Society, made gocd as an aviator to-
day. The pilot of the unfortunate

Groundhog Il. lett the Waltham aviation
fleld at 6:15 A. M., flew over Watertown,
circle | Mount Auburn Cemetery and then
rounded the Harvard Stadium before he
returned. and made a successful landing
after having been 'n the air for eighteen
minutes ani having made a flight of from
fourteen to sixteen miles,

Over Mount Auburn Martin gave an
exhibition of fancy flying in which he
dipped and circled.

The machine Martin used was the Baby
White, which he brought from England
and which he tried there under the direc-
tion of Grahame-White. It has a 50 horse-
power engine and carries only one person.

When he returned from his trip Martin
said he was ansious to retrieve himself
in the eyes of tho public after the many
failures and mishaps of the Harvard I.
and Harvard II. He thoyght he had partly
succeeded to-day

BIG GERMAN FLIGHT RACE.

 

1,200 Mile Contest to End at Kiel, Just
When U, 8, Ships Are There.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun

Beatin, June 10.- Thousands of Ber-
linera will go to-morrow to Johanniathal
on the outskirta of the capital to witness
the start of the first «reat German croaa-
country flying race, which was organised
by the Berliner Zeitung Am Mittag. There
are to be twenty-four competitors, all
of whom are Germans

Any machine may be used and any kind
of motor. The prizes amount to $10,000,
including $7,000 offered by the War Office.

The race will be 1,200 miles over a triang-

ular course extending from Berlin to the

North Sea, thence to the Rhineland and

back to Berlin, where it enda>

The last leg will include Kiel, and the
machines are due there about the time
that the American battleships will be
present.

JURY DISAGREES AGAIN.

Gullt or Innocence of Hide Corporation
President Still Undetermined.

Boston, Mass,, June 10.— Another dis-
agreement by a jury in the Superior Crim-
inal Court after a long trial was reported
before Judge Stevens to-day in the case
of Isaac H. Porter, president of the now
defunct Massachusetta Hide Corporation,
accused of the larceny of $65,000 from
Waldo P. Brown of Hrown Bros. & Co.,
bankers of 60 State street. The jury
failed to agree after an all night segsion.

Porter was charged with having ob-
tained lettera of credit from the bankin
house on which he got hides abroad an
failed to account to Brown Bros. & Co.
{or the proceeds of the sale of the hides. |
The def maintained that he bad been
transecting business in the aame way ~

the consent and knowledge of the banking

 

 

firm f eare; that is, putting the
oeeds ip Bie own 1000 unt and esading the
firm a check,

  

BOUGHT A PAINTED FORTUNE.|

;down and that a mighty change ought

¥

oe

Bonnar, Jung 11, 1011.
Local showers to-day; unsettled to-morrow;
variable winds.

PRICE FIVE CENTS.

FLOODS COME WITH A

  
      

  
 

SEVENTY MILE GALE

Skiés Aflame, Streets Under
Water, Telegraph Wires
Knocked Out.

 

 

CONEY ISLAND DRENCHED

 

Train Struck by Lightning—June
Rainfall Passes Normal—
String of Storms.

A record breaking June gale out of
the northwest sniashed things aloft last
night and let loose the ‘floodgates in a
way that ought to please the folks in
charge of the weter works. The men in
the weather bureau away up on the White-
hall tower overlooking she bay and mouths
of the twin rivers noted early in the eve-
ning that the barometer was steadily going

to come. It came aout 10:15 P. M. fe

one of the most vivid thunderstorms that
ever have woven ev enescent lariate around
the towers and ecerrec the skies of the
town and put the wires out of commission:

The downfall from the clouds was
torrential and the electrical fireworks
have seldom heen equalled in a summer
storm in this latitude. The sewers could
not carry off the flood fast enough and
South and West streets were for a time
almost navigable. This is a novelty,
considering the paucity of water in the
last several months and the great shortage
as compared with the normal rainfall for
the season.

The meteorologists said the storm
was phenomenal in some respects, pare
ticularly in the marvellous energy of the
gale in the eight minutes following the
shift of the wind to the northwest from
the torrid west. In that eight minutes the
blast hurled itself against steeples, towere
and skylights at the rate of seventy miles,
Many skylights gave way.

The temperature, which had soared
to 84 at 2 P.M., seemed to be higher later
because the humidity was 95 at 8 P. M.
At 10 o'clock the thermometer registered
76. When the storm broke, about fifteen
minutes later,the mercury dropped like
a shot from a tower, going down ten de-
grees in ten minutes. The observers
looked at the instrument in wonder.

Also they marvelled at the rain gauge.
Between 10:05 and 10:88 thirty-three.
hundredths of an inch of moisture came
from the bunghole of J. Pluvius's water
wagon, In ten minutes, that is between
10:20 P| M. and 10:30 P| M., fifteen-hun-
dredtha of an inch was recorded,

Yhe Weather Bureau said at the end
of the sky bombardment, which pre-
vented it from expressing itself freely
before, that it really could not say when
the first flash split the empyrean. The
flashes came thereafter so fast that the
best stenographer in the service could
not have taken them down

“The electrical activity was the most
brilliant that ever has been seen at this
station by the veterans im a June storm,*
one of the experts said

“The rain up to 10:45, which practically
marked the passing of the storm, meas-
ured 35 of an inch. This makes the rain-
fall for June up to the present somewhat
above the normal, being 1.10 inches,
The rain of the earlier part of the week
has moistened the soil so that the fall
of to-night will be of great benefit to
the reservoirs and will help to alleviate
the water famine. Of course the rain-
fall for the year is still much below nor-
mal, but every little helps.”

The temperature had dropped to 62
when the Weather Bureau went to bed
and the wind had shifted from northeast
to east. Later the “return storm” from
the east swatted the city and the rain
came again in leas volume. The down-
pour, with spectacniar accompanimente,
was not the solace of this neighborhood
alone, The Weather Bureau reported
thunderatorms all along the coast, from
Pennsylvania to Maasachusetta,

In ten minutes the rain had washed the
city cleaner than a day's rain usually does.
Travellers afoot had to take to shelter,
for there was no keeping an umbrella‘
aloft nor a raincoat about one’s shins.
Windows left inadvertently open meant
flooded rooms, for the rain came with:
@ich force that the water swept in as
though from an efficient cataract.

For the firet time in most men's reaolies-
tions Park row was deserted. The twenty-
four hour a day thoroughfare didn'thave
a soul in sight. Those who were caught
in the open had to make for shelter and
most took the usual place of refuge, the
grernt canopy “of Brooklyn Bridge, In
most storms you can hide snugly in the
shelter of the elevated railroad station
and get not eo much as a drift of the
moisture, but last night there wasn't
anything for it but the subway or the
inner recesses of the etructure, and these
were paoked eahoulder to shoulder.

The lightring was more than most
New Yorkers are used to. It was of the
sort that one ie beset with sometimes:
the lake country, but the Jereey
which were credited with having bred
the local tempest, haven't often done eo
effective a job.

In twenty minutes the stress of the
storm wae wasted, but the rain keptéon
in eufficient vigor to make folks hesitate
before venturing out. Seafaring tegi-
cabs soshed through streete running full
to the gutters, and unless the roofe were
tighter than most the fares gota soaking.

The Metropolitan Street Railway re-

§ ported after the rain had spent iteelfjthat

the cars had run about as usual, The
Third Avenue reported that its, i
went off because of a short ciroult
trolley slote, and care stood ill

main line from 10:25 to 10:88,

ea

Fighty-eighth f

‘

eS atic el

cL inl ale eee

‘

'
\
;
4]

ee
a

pao ee oe

i a ae!

 

 

ee

> re

~“