.- Paepay, Serrmunen 2, 1000.)
Showers, followed by fair and cooler to-day;
fair to-morrow; moderate westerly winds,

  
  

 

 

 

* NEW YORK, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1909,—covvriot, 190, by tte Sun Printing and Pubiehing Assocation PRICE TWO CENTS.

OTTO BANNARD

 

 

 

TERRORIZED THE WALDORF

 

pO, LIEV WO. 24. x Da
' WARSHIP $ STIR NO CHECKS FOR LESS THAN $1.| PAD) x AN'S IDBAS IN FLIER | 722"2" 08 rae Kinos neAp,

 

 

 
  
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
   
   
 
   
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
   
   
  
  
 
  

e SUFFRAGETTES TAMED.°

 

 

 

   
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
  
    
  
  
 
 
  
   
   
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
  

 
 
     
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
   
   
  
  
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
  

 
   
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
   
  

Spanish Anarchists Cry for Leader's Fea With a Stomach Pump When They

 

The New United States Penal Code Piaces .
& Ban on Them

 

Wasmworon, Sept. 2.--Charles p.|PLANS OF AEROPLANE LIKE| Freedom—Bombs Daily in Barcetona. | apweD LUNATIC TOOK CHARGE Tried Starvation in Jail.
’ Norton, acting Secretary of the Treasury. CURTISS'S IN TRUNK. Special Cadle Despatches to TH& SUN. ON THE FIRST FLOOR. Speciat Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.
has asked law officers of the Government —_——— Lonpon, Sept. 24.— Advices to the Daily Lonvon, Sept. 24.—-Two of the suf-
Matthias Arnot of Elmira, Who Died in| Mail from Saragossa, dated September fragettes imprisoned at Birmingham

to give an opinion as to the construc-
tion to be put upon the provision in the
Penal Code of the United States which
places a ban on all checks for less than

— Graft in River and SallOrg|s. He nas considered the advisabitity

of writing to members of the Congress

He Accused a Barber of Robbing Hifm and
Then Ban Through the Palm Room
and Office Waving a Rovolver—Finally
Captared by 8 Brave Bootbiack.

tried the tactics successfully adopted
by their London colleagues to get re-
leased. They started in to starve them-
selves.

1901, Had Been Sending Pians to; 19, report very serious news. Barcelona,
Herring for Years—Left Him $4,000 /it appears, is passing through another
in Will—Estate May Make Claim. |reign of terror. The situation through-
out Spain is disquieting.

 

 

Republicans Name Him to

7 Papers have been found jm Elmira, N. Y., . The first floor of the Waldorf-Astoria] The prison doctor, however, with the
on Shore Arouse wee tor light a0 to crores aad enn that would lead to the belief that Matthias | | pend ae eee <a was thrown into confusion yesterday | sanction of the Home Office, fed them} | gad City Ticket, With
ne of the clause. ~ Arnot, a wealthy'young man of that place | (|, rmment suppresses news of these |“fternoon by a wildeyed man who ran/with a stomach pump. After this ex- 5
New York. The mail order houses throughout the} who died recently, is responsible for much ocourrences. Warnings are received of | ftom the barber shop to the bar and from | perience the prisoners promised to take Fusi | P rt
country appear to be much concerned on | that is to be found in the Herring-Curtiss ; the bar to the desk, the palm garden ; on n a ‘

their food in the usual way.
P. C. KNOX, JR, FINED.

Secretary's Twenty-Year-Old Son Pays
_ 828 and Costs for Speeding/

Provipencs, R. I., Sept. 23.—Philander

C. Knox, Jr., 20 years old, son of the

of State, was arraigned before
Judge Howard R. Gorham this morping
charged with breaking the Rhode Island
speed laws. He pleaded guilty and paid
@ fine of $15 and costs.

Young Knox is a student at the Morris
Heights School. He has here with him
the big touring car in which he was driv-
ing at the time of his arrest and a racer.
He fell into the hands of Sergt. Day and
his automobile squad on September 14
while on his way to Boston, where he was
to attend the dinner given that evening
to President Taft.

KEARNY SWELLS WITH PRIDE.

Town Council Adopts Resolutions Con-
cerning an Micstrious Citizen,

Resolutions praising John “Dots” Miller,
second beseman of the Pittsburg National
League team, for his success on the
diamond were introduced by Mayor
Louis M. Brook of Kearny, N. J., at a
meeting of the Town Council of, that
place last night. When the olerk had
finished reading the resolutions Council-
men James MoAtter end Hugh Wilkie
jumped to their feet and moved their
adoption. They were adopted unani-
mously. The resolutions are as follows:

Whereas during the past year one of
our citizens has attained national fame
in his particular line of business, and

Whereas his fame having spread through-
out the whole of the great United States,
reflecting credit upon the town of Kearny,
his home,

Be it resolved by the Town Council of
Kearny that they extend their heartiest
congratulations and felicitations upon his
great success and the triumphal termina-
tion of his efforts, as well as that of his
associates, to John Dots Miller of Kearny,
N. J., and Pittsburg, Pa.

GIVING UP THE USE OF DRUGS.

Dr. Ross Says the Hospitals Are Resorting
to Fresh Air and Mental Agencies.
Wasninoton, Sept. 23.—That the hos-
pitals of the country are gradually giving
up the use of drugs in the treatment of

Bruce Gordo, Government detective.” pationte was the statement made by Dr,
Magistrate Breen sent Gordon to the R. R. Ross, superintendent of the Buffalo

psychopa thi levue for exami- | General Hospital, in a paper read before
nation. Mle ward te Sel eo a meeting of the American Hospital Asso-

ciation at the New Willard Hotel to-day.

one — “Eee eee ae Dr. Ross's paper treated of the efficiency,
dressed to prominent people in New York finance and economies of administration
offering protection during the celebration, | #24 embodied the report of a special com-
Gordon told the hospital authorities mittee appointed at the last annuai meet-
that he had been visiting relatives of his |1n& to investigate these subjects. Dr.
wife in Phillipsburg, N. J., and that while | Ross was chairman of the committee.
there he had read Commissioner Baker's The investigation disclosed that in the
statement to the householders of New | !26t fifteen years the average expenditure
York urging them to assist the police in of hospitals of the United States for drugs
caring for their property. He said that | >@* from $2.90 for each patient

the hour and the place where explosions
will ocour and they ‘are almost always
fulfilled.

The agitation has undoubtedly in-
creased since the arrest of Ferrer, the
Anarchist leader. Placards have ad-
peared in Barcelona demanding “Ferrer’s
liberty or the King’s head.” Houses in
Barcelona are searched daily in the hope
of finding fresh evidence against Ferrer
ahd his accomplices.

Nobody knows when his turn will come
to be marched to a dungeon in the For-
tress of Montjuich. Suspecta are de-

At the time Mr. Herring was living in ported and exiled by wholesale without
S. Joseph, Mich, and buliding what he |* Shred. of evidence or oven an actual

called a “mobike.” They show that he re- charge against them.

ceived $300 a_month from Arnot for carry- Sixty men were sent to Fernando Po
ing out Arnot’s ideas in flying machines by the last steamer. Others have vee
and engines and that for $4,000 Herring sent to small towns in remote garte o:

deeded to Arnot one-tenth of all profits peninsula. .
both in America and Europe of any flying} “There is much talk of the resignation

machine that was produced. Herring of the Cabinet in favor of a military dic

was to let Arnot have the second ride. tatorship under Gen. Weyler.
In his will Arnot left $4,000 to Herring Mapnip, Sept. 23.—The Parli amentary
to carry on the work. Republican party met yesterday and re-
It is said that one of the drawings solved to demand that the Government
found is of a machine made twelve years immediately restore the constitutional

ago showing a contrivance almost identi- | guarantees and reopen the Cortes.

cal with the Curtiss machine of to-day. It was further resolved that if the
The curve of the surface, the construction | Government refused to accede to these
of the frame, the shape and the rear rud- demands the Republicans would unite

der in both are alike. : ;
Sn no interview or unte of his ex- with all the Democratic elements of the

periments has Herring ever referred to |©C°Untry and agitate in behalf of the
his associations with Arnot. He has told | national liberties, which, it was declared,
unreservedly of his connections with | the Government's policy compromises.
Langley & Chanute, which were of much Se aan

shorter duration. It y have been that TUG AND MOTORBOAT COLLIDE.

Arnot himself wis the matter képt | woe men Jum Overboard Though
quiet, as it seems he had given no one| ~~ to ane esbibeonees. .

his confidence. .

The correspondence between Herring 4 rT . — = meget ood peng
and Arnot dates from 1897 to 1901, up to i. ne i "eee a 5
the time of the death of the latter. Arnot Sever @ Nin savabpen a a —
was & young man of college training o'clock last night and it is supposed that

whose time was largely devoted to scien-
the crew were drowned, as none of them
tific research. He was of a retiring, mod- picked up by the Meade or the tug

est disposition and only a very few per- : : .
Primrose, which was near at the time.
eona knew of his work, as he preferred News of the collision was given to the

siieaataae — pe te -any Shey police of the harbor equad about 11 o'olook

account of this provision. The new code
was approved on March 4, 1909, and will go
inte effect on January 1, 1910, The lan-

\ + THOUSANDS SEE THE VESSELS | eusse ot the provision forbids the making,
5 .

 

aeroplane. It is not known whether
either Curtiss or the Wright brothers will
take advantage of the finding of these
papers for use in their suit over patent
rights which comes up in the Federal
ceurt next week.

In one of Arnot’s trunks which was
‘was opened a few days ago by chance a
pile of correspondence, designs and pho-
tographs were found. Most of the let-
ters were from A. M. Herring, whose ideas
are amalgamated with those of Glenn H.
Curtiss in the aeroplane being used by the
latter.

and the Turkish room flourishing a re-
volver. The man said that he was
Robert Bruce Gordon and that he came
here five or six days ago from Buocklin,
Ford county, Kansas. The clerks say
that Gordon was not registered at the
hotel.

Yesterday afternoon Gordon went into’
the barber shop of the Wgldorf and was
shaved. Then he went out, but in about

 

 

 

CONVENTION IS LIFELESS

issuance, circulation or paying out of
any note, check, memorandum, token
or other obligation for leas than a dollar.

ess firms who have been inter-

Busin

_- Three British Boats Off Sandy viewed as to the effect of the new enact-

ment say it will mean subatitution

Hook Awalting Flagship, and | ot postage stamps, subsidiary coins and

post office money orders in lieu of the bank

Germans Are on the Way. checks for payMent of acoounte repre-

senting fractions of a dollar. The number

of bank checks drawn in payment of

‘ balances of less than a dollar are very

, Simejackets on Leave in the Streets|few. Outside of the mail order houses
¥

Bring Hom ohattanit the number of such checks received in
‘ o to ® ee he the course of business is comparatively
.

Fact That Hodson-Faiton Celebration | insignificant. :
Really Is at Hand and Turnout in} Treasury officers are ata loss to account

y for the legislation. It does not appear
Response Relieves the Minds of Com- |.) 1, been discussed in either house

missioners of Some Worries—Small| of Congress. The consideration of the

Fry in the Beat line Busy All Pay |Teport of the committee to codify the

penal laws was attended with very little
About the Destroyers in the Hudsen | ih tarest, in Congress. Bankers who have

_ aNd Sightseeing Day Is Feliowed by | been interviewed on the legislation were
Beginning of Night Miumination. | 2 Much surprised as the Treasury‘officers
to account for it.

i. There was much and interesting evi-| One banker ex the opinign that

: : it was a step toward*the establishment
9 dence ashore and afloat yesterday that of @ postal savings bank, but Senator

New York had awakened to its Hudson- | Heyburn of Idaho, chairman of the joint
Fulton celebration. There hasbeen evi-|committee on revision of the code,
‘ denoe a-plenty for the last week that hun-|who handled the report in the Senate,
hy dreds of thousands of. strangers were very | ™ade @ speech in opposition to the postal

wide awake to the situation, but it began —— —_ e = ~— oe one
to look as if New York itself was going to to be that it was designed to ain aa

take the matter with merely passing |the sale of postage stamps and postal
fe interest. money orders.

In the opinion of some of the com- ; 4
missioners in charge the sudden awaken- THE TOWN ALIGHT AT NIGHT.

ing of New York city was caused by the | Maminating Effects for Celebration Get
arrival of the twenty big warships and the ® Partial Tryout.
sudden appearance upon Manhattan’s| The town is beginning to take on its

streets of usande of blueiacks night glow. Last night many of the
h. There — a ahous t ion York electric illuminations which have been
7 . put up everywhere wefe tried out and the
lovesthe navy. It has a very great fond- | effect was dazzling. These trials showed
ness for the bluejackets, and also it likes|in a slight way what a brilliant city this
&4 noise. The arrival of the fleet supplied | will be when all the thousands of lights
the necessary noise and yesterday's that have been strung everywhere are

lighted. Fifth avenue was a glow of light
prompt and liberal shore leaves supplied from Twenty-third street up. The et rings
stretched

2 wholesome infusion into the crowds of bulbs that have been from by
_| by Capt. Gurney of the Primrose. He
of between 3.000 and 4.000 bluejackets. | pole to pole along the sidewalk were | Dec) form which could be used on a bi-) sis that while assisting the Meade up
4» ~ Then New York woke up. lighted, those in charge of the work teat- In 1997 Herring who-wes interested in | the river with a tow and near the Jersey
British and German New York were 7ing everything to make sure all was in the manttactuie of motorcycles and light shore the motor boat bore dewn on the
? called early and were wideawake in hntici- ness for the big illumination which motor vehicles, opened correspondence Meade's starboard side and was swept

will begin to-morrow night. : ; against the tug by a swift runhing tide.
pation of the arrival of the British and : with Arnot in the matter of perfecting - ,
The tower of the Metropolitan Life In- a high power gasolene motor. At the Capt. Gurney said that the motor boat

German ships, but their non-arrival, or at surance Com “ :

: ’ pany on Madison Square ; careened and he saw two men jump. over-
least their non-appearance in theirallotted | was lighted up. The dial of the clock building © ar Bageterye es board. He cast off his lines and put
places in the Hifdson River, is another | was illuminated, the figures were shown the general plans of the Curtiss machine about to give assistance to the men, but
story, which will be found in its proper|in electric lighta and the hands were after circling about in the darkness was

’ prope illuminated.’ Th all now used. The rider usually jumped han tn tad be the Wate
place. The American, the French, the natec ese were all the illumina-|¢-47, « hill or other high point in testing | Unable to any one in water.
tions outside the building, but the whole his apparatus Capt. Gufhey took the motor boat in
a d brought it to the foot of Weet
Mr. Herring was working out the prob- | SW 4%
lem of a light engine and propellers to be Ninety-seventh street, where he turned it

over to the police.
used in thia glider when he aroused the Tho bekd io & handeeme ene. chow

 

 

Prendergast for Comptroller—
Mitchel for President of
the Aldermen. .:;

 

 

“Here, what did you do with my badge?”
The barber wanted to know what he
meant, and at his question Gordon pulled
out 2 revolver, which he aimed at the
man's stomach. The barber ducked
behind his chair and Gordon went through
the barber shop into the bar and then into
the public rooms of the hotel flourishing
his revolver. ;

He had every one on the street floor
terrorized for five or ten minutes until
a little Italian bootblack belonging to
the barber shop crept up behind him
and grabbed hie arms. Then House De-
tectives Kennedy and Lawler made Gor-
don a prisoner.

Gordon was taken to the night court.
When he was questioned by Magistrate
Breen he talked i4 a ramblingmanner. He
said that he was a Government detective
and added that the badge of his office
was a shamrock, which the barber had
taken from him while he was being shaved.
Gordon said at first that he was a4 bard-
ware merchant, but later claimed to be
a lawyer. He said that he was born in
Newark and that he had a wife and child
in that city.

Among the papers found in Gordon's
pockets was a letter addressed to a New
York newspaper. The letter requested
the paper to publish each day during
the Hudson-Fulton celebration a call
to the police to do their duty. The letter
concluded:

“For the next ien days'I don't expect
to sleep night or day, only as nature de-
mands it. The press says that all thieves
have been corralled. I say, not yet, at
least in Greater New York.”

At the bottom was the signature “Robert

Republicans Withdraw Technically From
Fusion and Namo Their Ticket, By.’
pecting the Remnant of the Confer.
ence to Indorse It—President Crom--
well of Richmond Gets More Ap.
plause Than the Nominees of the
Convention—Mr. Bannard Hurries te
Chicago as Soon as He Gets the Tip
That He Is to Re the Nominee.

The Republicans, going it by themselves,
nominated this city ticket at 6:30 o'clock
last evening at their convention in Care
negie Hall:

For Mayor—Orro T. BANNARD of Manhattaa,

For Comptroiier—WrLitam A. PRENDERGAST of
Brooklyn.

For President of the Board of Aldermen—Somm
Pourror Mrrcag. of Manhattan.

The only office Mr. Bannard has ever
held is membership in the Board of Edu-
cation. He served under Mayor Strong.
He is president of the New York Trust
Company. .

William A. Prendergast is Register of
Kings county. He was elected two years
ago. He has been somewhat prominent
as a Republican campaigner and speaker.

John Purroy Mitchel is Commissioner
of Accounts under Mayor McClellan and
an independent Democrat. He is 30 years
old and a Columbia graduate. Henry D.
Purroy was his unole.

Before naming this ticket the Republi-
cans technically withdrew from the fusion |
conference yesterday after
a@ committee named by the convention
had been closeted with the nominating
committee of the fusion forces, minus the
Hearst element, far two hours, going over
the various candidates proposed. The
withdrawal was necessary unless the
Republicans would agree to adjourn the
convention to a later date.

Chairman Outerbridge of the committee
of 100 made it plain that the representatives
of that body on the nominating committee —
of the fusion bodies could not speak for the

 

 

 

 

 

 

suddenly, and the distinguished commie- | and theed effects were obtained by interior
* sioners in charge drew long, pleasant| illumination. Not a shade was drawn

interest of Arnot, for the young man had to 91 ts. The report of Dr., Ross
sighs of relief. at any window and each room was lighted | gigo been experimenting with a glider | *irty feet overall, There was not a thing | he iad come on to New York as head of , * entire committee of 100 and that a meet.
so that the massive building stood out aboard of her that would indi€ate her | the detective force of the nation to pro- | Showed that hospitals are having recourse ing of the full
This is a good time and place to say rominently. while on a visit to Florence. Much ownerehip. the city ean bn ht the | to new conditions and are recognizing the | "8 © full committee would have te

correspondence, exchange of ideas, rough dansipianeaititaniamanantiateninies
ae ap sewn and specifications were |g@EN. GRANT FOR PRESIDENT.
ihe timear Arete data °? "| pranittotne Start & Weom for im
Little was known of Arnot'’s experi- in 1992.

ments by his family or friends until the! Detrorr, Sept. 23.—In a letter to Chair-
disclosure of these papers. The original | man Charles G. Jones, national chairman
agreement between Arnot and Herring | of the Prohibition party, Chicago, Alfred
was made in 1897. Arnot set forth ideas | Lowther of Detroit, chairman of the party
for perfecting a motor in which the power | in this State, has this to say:

was to be compressed air to be carried “lf hope to attend the fifty-fourth anni-
to a tank with sufficient power for a two|versary of the birth of the Prohibition

be held before approval could be given to
‘ny ticket. It wae impossible to get the
committee together on such short notice
and the Republicans were unwilling te
adjourn their convention.

In withdrawing from the fusion con-
ference the Republicans received assure
ances that a strong eflort would be made
to have the committee of 100 approve
of their ticket at a meeting which it is

tomething gbout Uncle Sam's bluejackete. | PTATo a dway the Grea son

The whole world bore testimony to their aaa oe ll Po
fine behavior and excellent appearance | that have been decorated were tried out
wherever they went ashore from the} and crowds -walked up and down the
ehips of the globe encircling fleet. That roughfare admiring the display.

fect added to the lively interest taken | § e. ore meme ch tke Genera
) in them as they appeared on our streets apartments that have been decorated

efficacy of fresh air and mental and other
drugless agencies for conquering disease.

UNIONS BAR OUT SOLDIERS.

Leber Men Refuse to March in German
Day Parade Behind Militia.
EVANSVILLE, Ind., Sept. 23.—Because of
objections raised by labor unions the
two National Guard companies of this
city will not march in the German day

revolver for that purpose.

Gordon told the doctors that he was a
merchant in Bucklin, Ford county, Kan.,
near Dodge City. The hospital people
learned last night that he had been oon-
fined far a while in a Trenton, N. J., sani-
tarium but had been released some time
ago.

 

 

yesterday and probably, they were! were lighted. There were illuminations
watohed rather closely to see if their|too downtown. Some of the big office DIED ON AIS WIFE'S, GRAVE.

good behavior had been put on for for-| buildings were lighted up and over in

 

: {Parade on September 29. Delegations | expected will be ie
,€ign, view only. They were all right. Brooklyn there was another display. or three hours run. Arnot himself had | party at Washington in 1914, one of the "TE edie of 0 Seonth fee 2 Year. : pop ey trays Bpensene Minaya their expectation that the ether bodies
THE BOWERY'S LOST LURE. SAYS HUSBAND THREW EG6s.\* shop and had made progress in per- | features of which will be a monster jubilee . ; called on the German day committee and which remained in the conference and ig
For instance, a reporter to satisfy him-|__ ‘ae | fecting the work. At the same time | parade, reviewed by the first prohibition| OTTawa, Sept. 23.—From what can beleaid that the State militia is organized| were represented yesterday afternoon + 4

learned to-night E. B. Hamilton of New
York, connected with a large shoe con-
cern a8 a traveller, committed suicide
here to-day on account of his wife's
death a year ago. He shot himeelf and
was found lying stretched out dead on her
grave at Reechwood Cemetery.

Hamilton left a letter addressed to
George Rogers, an Ottawa undertaker,
asking him to look after his personal
effecta and requesting no inquest A
year ago he married Miss Ring of Ottawa.
She died a month after the marriage and
it is said he had been despondent ever
since.

Herring was using his own and Arnot's | president of the United States, Gen. Fred-
plans in perfecting a gasolene engine. erick D. Grant.” ’

to fight union labor and for that reason
union men would not march behind the
soldiers.

SLAIN WOMAN'S ESTATE.

Son of Dr. Guy, Who Is In Sing Sing for
Killing Her, Seeks Possession of It.

Harold Mott Guy applied before Justice
Garreteon in the Supreme Court in Flush-
ing yesterday to have the estate of his
mother turned over to him. He has
recently become of age.

Guy is the son of Dr. Samuel 8S. Guy,
: who was a dentist in Far Rockaway and
Upon entering the cemetery Hamilton | i# serving a sentence of fifteen years in
inquired as to the cost of another grave | Sing Sing prison for killing his wife on
in the same lot im which his wife was| April 7, 1007, in Far Rockaway. At the
buried. » ‘ time of the woman's death her estate

Se was valued at about $50,000. It is now
CELEBRATION THUGS AT WORK. | valued'at $150,000. Young Guy is the only

eolf on the subject yesterday afternoon | D#asreements of J. E. Rodgers and Wite
walked the length of the Bowery. He Come Before Justice Amend.

. ew in that historic lane exactly four| Joseph E. Rodgers, an ink manufac- In a letter from Herring to Arnot dated | This boost of the General for President
men in eailors’ uniforms. Three were|turer of 152 Bast Twenty-seventh street, | January 6, 1898, he saya that one of the|in 1912, following an interview in the
Americans, one Italian; all eober,| brought his wife, Annie, and six-year-old | flying machines is about complete. Her weekly issue of the National Prohibitionist,
Central Park, the subway andthe sky- | daughter, Grace Ainslee Rodgers, who are | ring had made previous trigls of smaller | just printed, caused much interest at Pro-
soraper district caught them in great] living at 28 Third street, Brooklyn, before | machines and in one of his letters tells | hibition headquarters. The Grant boom
numbers. It may be that having had’so | Supreme Court Justice Amend yesterday | of a flight made sixty feet above the earth. | 14 taken very seriously and before the week
much to do while over the water a sailor |0n 4 writ of habeas corpus to try to get | In another flight he describes a landing | ia over will be started in earnest unless
feela a natural curiosity to experience | Possession of the child. He said that | madeina treetop. Theexperiments con- | theGeneral steps in to prevent such action.
transportation under water.. Anyway,|the mother is restraining the little girl | tinued and in February, 1901, they were In the interview referred to Gen. Grant

\ hundreds of those who landed at the float | of her liberty. engaged in perfecting the lightweight | is quoted as saying:

will indorse it, so that it will be virtually
a fusion ticket.

The nominating committees of the fu-
sion conference, though unable to agree
on a candidate for Mayor, had
decided upon Prendergast and Mitchel
for the other places. This was before
even the Hearst people withdrew.

In the final effort to select a candidate

 

 

the views of all hands which was
in the afternoon, during a recess of the
convention, the Republicans presented
the names of Mr. Bannard and Sob Hedgea,
while the committee of 100 representaGves
again brought up the name of Heary
Stimson.

Mr. Stimson, however, was eliminated
early in the afternoon talk, which was
held in the rooms of the committee of 100

at the foot of 158th street eagerly asked| Mrs. Rodgers said that her husband left | motor, propellers and a frame fora new| “If I could by offering my body as a
obliging coppers ‘near by to direct thens| her last February because she objected | style flying machine. sacrifice free this country from this fell
to the nearest subway station, and by ;to having his sister Josephine, who had} From the inspection of the drawings| cancer, the demon drink, I'd thank the
scores they stuck to their trains until | been living with them, run the household. | found there is not a great differ..ce in; Almighty for the privilege of doing it.
they had dipped under the East River| She said that her husband used violent | the main outlines and the machine now in | If I had the greatest appointive power in
into Brooklyn. language in the domestic troubles over | use. In the settlement of Arnot's estate| the country no man would get even the

Some of them took a side trip to the | his sistar and accordingly is nat a proper | in 1902 the bequest of $4,000 to Herring | smallest Sppointment from me unleas he

Brooklyn navy yard, to renew old ac- | person for the little girl to live with. She/| was paid by the administrator, and the angwen Fans Gil bein Ce

 

 

 

 

 

quaintances perhaps, but the majority | said that he threw eggs at her once when | record of it is on file in the Surrogate's day to head the temperance parade in memes voces eurvi s in the Fifth Avenue Buildi :
of them smilingly bought return tickets | Grace was sitting on her lap and both | Court. which 100,000 are expected to maton. Sailor on Shore Leave From the Culgea ne oa will her husband was to | tween Hedgesand Bannard Cee
for another trip under water. she and the child were struck. The question also arises whether or not Sereneneene eas Is Knocked Dewn and Robbed. have a life interest in the estate. It is |of the committee, it was said, seemed —

It was not a blue day in Wall Street| The Court reserved decision. the Arnot estate may not claim profita| TO PROTECT TAFT AND DIAZ.| One of the first of the many sailors now | set forth in behalf of young Guy that Dr, | inclined to favor Bannard. It was con«
*in the sense that that phrase is sometimes BURRO RELIEF TR! Ns on the invention. Detectives to Accompany Each of the | Shore leave in this city to get into| Guy forfeited this when he took his wife's | tended among other things, by Chairman
used, but there was a blue tinge in the ’ AINS, eat . Presidents to Their Meeting at El Pago, | ‘rouble is James Brown , of the United | lire. The matter will be submitted to a | Outerbridge and others that Mr. Hedges
of the” neighbor! > pw ~~ i. wo Systematio Distribution of Supplies in nnere oo —— OF SERGE, WASHINGTON ‘ion 23.—AS a result States commissary supply ship Culgoa, | referee. was too much of an organization man to

ne streets w . ’ a who knoo down When Mesars. Woodruff

Views gush be obtained of a'cuyeesdper. anaes 3 Eanes Caen eet evOled Time te guentence Has/of the publication of a despatch from pend re oe aan reste’ “| Mnusva oR MURDER OF s1Xx.\Parsone 6 alin bs

$15 by two mien last night.

Brown had shown a roll of bills while
buying cigarettes in a store on Sixteenth
street. As he walked along the street a
man who had been in the store followed
him and asked for a light. While the sailor
was handing the man a match he was

Parsons saw what the feeling was they
decided upon Mr. Bannard, who had
already given his consent to run.

It was nearly 4 o'clock when this
cision was made and the Republi
withdrew from the conference to name @

Wasuinaton, Sept. 23.—Light mule Devoted Time to Seriptare. El Paso, Tex., that a bomb had been
ae ane > ee tae onl eden and burro trains are being sent out from ATLANTA, Sept. 23.—With visions of the | discovered in Juarez, Mexioo, just across
before seen towering buildings, and they Monterey and elsewhere in the Mexi- | gallows constantly before him for more|the American border, the point which
rubbered good and long and honestly. can flood districts to the interior towns | than two years, John Harper, convicted | President Taft will visit on October 16

A central point of interest for the} 4&4 villages where suffering is greatest, | of killing Sherif Keith of Murray county, | when. he steps over the line to extend
thousands who went to the upper according to a despatch received from| who for the seventh time has just been | greetings to President Diaz, it has been

 

Three Men Charged With Crime After
Bloodhoands Had Tratied Them.
Tarewe, Va., Sept. 23.—-A telephone
Message to-night from Grundy, the county
seat of Buchanan county, where the mur-

\ arene 6 ttan's Hudson shore | Cos oe sieahory ne em Consul hee momorived forty ve ni ctober {disclosed that the most elaborate pre-| Sinok down from behind. der of Mra. Betty dustie, her son-in-law | maneard ted oneene & ae Sanen
was the water gate being built at the Pe ere: i eee g ty _ve Chapters in the | cautions have been taken to safeguard When Brown ined consciousness he | and daughter, Mr. and Mrs. George] in the aftern ¥}
foot of 110th street. Things looked mighty The firet trains carry food only. Those | Bible, as well as many odd verace. the lives of the two Executives. Secret found that hie saltey wasenen. Meadows, and the three children of the} not o be found ae he aaa a

dubious there. ‘fhe scaffolding still which are to follow will be laden with Harper was brought to Atlanta for safe | service officials have been busy for many
surrounds the very handsome copies of clothing, blankets and food: Mr. Hanna | keeping after his conviction. Under the | weeks in perfecting arrangements look-
marble pillars which are the distinguishing says that the committee hopes to keep | ipdueace of 2 umber of the King's ing to the safety of the persons of Mr.
feature of the gate, carpenters were atil]| UP this kind of distribution until the oe, A olnce thas time etna Taft and Gen. Diaz on this side of the
at work on the yet unfinished etairways | "@!/roads are open. | has been fis close companion. He reada | Poundary.

y all the time. The programme for the meeting of the

and masons were still finishing up and! ‘ it practica
\ pointing the plaster casts of which the THE PILGRIM HELD BY FOG. arper is now meyorizing two more |two Presidents provides that President

 

latter couple took place yesterday, says
that three men, Silas Blankenship and his
two sons, have been arrested for the
murder and burning of the family and
home. The three men protest their inno-
cence,

Bloodhounds were put on the trail

; Some one, it is said, had given him an
CRUISERS IN SPEED TEST.

The Philadeiphia Wins in Four Hours
Steaming Off the isiand of Maui.
Spectal Cadle Despatch t Tun Sow. ©

HOnoLvue, Sept. 23.—The cruiser Phila-

 

 

 

: hapters, it having been his pu to| Diaz shall dri he | ; There was a rumor that Mr. Bannard ~
great pillars are made. Fall River Liner Sends Passengers to hol a record of fifty chept ha az aha ve across t nternationa! | delphia won in the speed contest with the early yesterday afternoon, detectives | had done this purposely to awayand ©”
THE WATER GATE WILL BE READY. New York by Rall, lthe day on which he would” ay 4 peti a » cores ee other ships of the Pacific fleet which took | and armed citizens following. The dogs| think it over for a oe ae A friend

went straight to the Blankenship
home, three miles from the scene of the
crime, where they stopped and refused
to go further.

Bloody clothing and other indications
of guilt were found.

Painters; electricians and flag hangera| NEW Lonpon, Sept. 28.—Unabie to | haps ee rae tried, oN interfered. — | visit there’ President Diaw will oe

| were everywhere, and it looked aa if the prosesd to her destination on account for killing Sheriff eee ener 3S. Ieee, panied to Mexican soll by President
Ny, ond was at least a week off. But Chief | Of the fog the steamer Pilgrim of the Fall | undergone the ordeal of Hearing the death | /#ft.

> Engineer Standford of the Department of | River Line made this harbor at noon, sentence pronounced and seven different | , This will be the second timo fthat an

”  Dooks was personally on the job hustling | Where she landed her passengers. They | times has been respited by the Governor seven vrecidont bas ee, on for-

workmen and designers, and he assured a | were taken to New York by train, leaving | when it seemed that his execution was| S160 fern the Canal Zous President Roose-

. in.
Sun reporter that everything would be | this city at 12:60. Thee oe peesite ne avented because | ¥O8 spent three hours {n Panama as the

a epeed of 21.85 knots an hour. that a niece of his was to be married in

The Colurado is the only ship of the
whioh did not take part in the speed trial.
Her boilers need repairs. .

 

fontrast to some of the exciting pai

 

 

 

 

spick and span by to-morrow afternoon,| The steamer left here a# soon as the| Harper's attorneys claimed they had eat dent ine 1001 | per Reur: South Sebste, paella ap 5 Peri on Either Hand. therings which have taken place “ss
when the landing is to have ite first oficia!!fo@ had lifted sufficiently to enable her covered new evidence “faverels to = Freai t McKinley vitted El Paso, but | West Mo ge oy ne be egg 21.28;! Onanor, N. J.. Sept. 23.—Miss Blanche Soueaie’ Mal There wasn't « —aae “
use, The landing proper consists ot three | to make the trip in safety, The Pilgrim, | prisoner. - | 2. rete Bo Surin. hen mn x cone anes ; Maryland, 20.88; Cali- Giowski laughed so heartily over . joke that iasted more than half « minute, _
double floate, where six launches may tn about 200 passengers, left Fall River! sre wunson FULTON PARADES. | Grande at that point. / ‘= : See Soe ene Caicos per She| When John Henry Hammond, former |
come alongsideat once. These floats ape oe y — Pio — nel = noraviewing stand in chescest sate ae each Oot ace aes eeennnetntmetion ma v OF NAY See. y et ; er bit was cut | leader of the Twenty-ninth, nominated ve
ee ee, vi e : vy fe .

Continued on Fourth Page. amen ads ty fee. er for 80. on sale to-day, 3° Olgas sugars Mendstet Hudson asd Wabert Pakion Pegs ney oh ot ashe in place and * :| Mr. Bannard, the delegates made a

‘
ee io ‘ . ‘ ; : be MM SE hea ba a
Ss pith sian “ ee Sy J Nil

:
‘
‘

feeble —
effort to get up on their feet and make
ais :

for the top of the ticket that a ae

early tip how things were going and at &
3:30 he boarded the Twentieth Century —

of his said that he understood, however, |

Chicago and that he had agranged ta
go to her wedding some days ago. ony

It was a dull and apiritiess convention —
which the Republicans held, in vivid