J
]

 

2
—

 

 

 

bolt my instrnetion and vote for a certain! whether the men who are pursuing him
Proposition with the Roosevelt faction | were fit for the task. He decla that
for which TP was offered mones ‘their sole purpose in continuing the
prosecution against him was to compel
| him to bend the knee to them.

-itw ‘ | Lorimer charged that H. H.Kohlsaat
t as here that Lorimer declared that | jad pursued him for twenty yeare be-
hie sole purpose in introducing the affi- | cause they could not control him, that he
davits was to reveal hypocrisy. j ee ren men to i aoa eae grocers
“They prove,” he shouted, “that Co}. | ile bakers with whom Lorimer dea

Roosevelt wou'd have nominated | '° find if he had cheated anybody.

for the Presidency at Chicago if his friends
could have obtained it for him by cor- |

To Reveal Usprocrisy

heen

lis Volce Breaka,

 

“nim ought to

 

ruption!"
By this time there was a scurrying |
among the Roosevelt people on the floor
of the Senate Senator Joseph M. Dixon, |
manager of the Roosevelt’ movement,
was rot in the Senate when the documents
were read, but he appeared hurriadly |
and began to make inguiries as to what |
had been charged Before he had an
opportupity to reply the Senate had voted
to take a recess uitil to-morrow morning

 

It was shortly before the Roosevelt |
incident thet Lorimer had attacked |
President Taft. Mr. Lorimer read from |

Vatt's Massachusetts speech, in which

the President had explained that Lorimer |
was supporting him in [Hinois, not because

he was really for him, but because of his

bitterness toward Roosevelt. He referred

to other statements that the President

had made against him end his case

“This statement was not the fact,”
shouted Lorimer. “I did not support the |
President because To owas more bitter |

toward Theodore Roosevelt. The reason |
T supported the President waa because 1!
believed, as he did, in Constitutional and
representative government and becatme
T believed, as he does, that the courts of
the land and their decisions should not be
subject to the mob. Tt was because of |
his stand on these subjects that 1 chose
him instead of Roosevelt. If he had held |
the same opinions as Roosevelt 1 would |
hot have voted for either.

Tatt Misinformed.

*When the President took that letter |
to Massachietts and read it, if [have not
been misinformed he was misstating the
facta. | hope I have been misinformed,
but word came to me that the President,
before that speech, had been told that if
a preferential vote bill were passed by
the Legislature of Hlinois and the people |
of the State had an opportunity to cast ;
their ballots, the only delegates he would |

et out of the total of fifty-eight were |
those that would come from the districts |
where Loritner's friends lived

“And,” shouted the I linois Senator with
great feeling. “the only delegates he did
get were from the districts in which I was
reared and lived. Why did the President
of the United States make that statement)
to the people of Massichusetts? If he
didn't know the facts I have been mis-
informed. Why did the man who told
me they had informed him of the con-
ditions in Hlinois permit him to go into,
Massachusetts and misstate the facts?

“Ido not believe the fact that Lorimer
supported Taft lost hirn a single vote at
the election, not to sava single delegate, |
The trouble in Ilinois was that we believe
In protection Canadian reciprocity Was,
not acceptable either to the farmers or to |
those interested in industries. They did |
not feel kindly toward the President and |
voted for Roosevelt 2 to 1. They voted
neither for Roosevelt nor against Toft; |
they voted against Canadian reciprocity
and free trade. |

 

Why La Follette Loat,

“If Roosevelt had not been a candidate |
La Follette would have carried the State)
against President Tati. This was known
by the men in Hlinois who conducted the |
President's campaign, and vet they per-
initted the President to yo over the coun-
Iry creating sentiment against Lorimer.
Is it unnatural that the wrath of the people |
should he turned against Lorimer under!
such circumstances? Oh, T tell you, Sen-!
ators, that if the men who were associated
with me in polities in Tilinois had not voted
for President Tatt he would not have re-
ceived many more votes than he got in the
primaries in South Dakota.

“And it was the President of the United
States, mind vou. who was going about
the country creating sentiment against
Lorimer when the case was before the
Senate for daci Of course the peo-
ple will beheve him. it is only natural
So is there any wonder that not only the
people of this country. but the people
of the world believe that Lorimer should
he driven trom the Senate?”

Lorimer referred also to
‘Taft's admission that he had
all the testimony in the case

“IT do not object,” shouted Lorimer,
“to being tried by the Senate, but I do|
object to being tried by the President.”

 
   

181}

 

President
not read

Poses asa Victim,

The Senator from L[llinois did not at-
tempt in his speech to argue the merits
of the case against him. Asin the notable
speech he delivered in his detence last
session he devoted himself to showing
that he was the victim of a conspiracy
He charged that Senate had been
forced to reopen his case by a conspiracy
of newspaper proprietors and that he
was about to be condemned, not on the
merits of the ease, but in response to the
same “vicious lifluences,”

“If the Senate shall adopt the minority
report against me.” cried the Tllinois |
Senator, “it will be a travesty on civilized |
jurisprudence and a mockery on justice
It will be a sign that the Senate is follow -7
ing the red flag; and has adopted the doc-
trine of the recall of judges advocated
by that arch champion of destruction.”

Lorimer declared that the men in Chi-
cago who were prosecuting the case against
ve behind the penitentiary

the

  

 
 

bars.

“I will show,” he shouted, “that ‘f the
Jaw was enforeed in Cook county ihe
criminal owners of these Chicago news-
papers would to-day be behind the bars.”

‘

Reviews Charger,

Senator Lorimer had brought t wo charts
into the Senate which he had hung on the
wall. He then reviewed in detail the
charges that he had made in his previous
apeech that the Chicago Tribune and |
the Chicago Daily Newa were evading
their taxes. He said that in 1895 the
Chicago Tribune Building was located |
on school property, property belonging
to a school fund for the education of |

children. The lease provided for the re-
valuation of the property every five |
years

|

“Victor Lawson, owner of the Chicago
Daily News, and the owners of the!
Chieago Tribune.” said Lorimer, “got
together and decided to loot the school
fund.”

Lorimer said the Chicago Tribune sent
vord to a member of the sehool board
that they wanted the valuation clauge
atricken from the lease and threatened
to drive this man out of publie life unless
the request complied with. The |
revaluation claure, according to Lorimer,
was eirichen out Lorimer charged that
in taxes alone the Chieago Tribune was
“robbing the schoo! fund of $70,000 a year.”

"At the end of the ninety year lease,”
maid he. “they will have robbed the peo-
ple of the city of $6,500,000,”

The Senator from lino made a similar
charge adguinst Victor Lawson s Daily |

eas

Neus and accused Lawson also of evading

taxes on lis private residence. Lorimer

eharged openly that this manipulation of |
the tax rolls had been brought about

by connivance with a clerk in the asses |
rors office

Produces Photographs,

"Tf the State's Atiorney of Coole county,” |

said hes “had done bis duty as he would
have done au jomet Willian Lerimer
the olerk oon the seescor's offiee and
Vouctor Lawson wethidte Hobe penitentiary
to-day tor eonspreoey to common fraud.”

Lormmer produced photograpl of the
records Wi Cok Ccnens sUbetintite
his charges

HealsoattackodGioy Penoen as a mem
ber ofthis conmsrinaeva mei ban Phoate
Clared that Plomeen due his ternary of
Pier States Attorney af Cook county |
had retaited Soon on Whooh did
Heat breton tee bere sted ee Deeb etre teh beige
one to the ‘ vol wna Wh im vith cola
charge a " bier eon Pits beeen) upbeed
Ov Laorerrer pe Plies CuO PMR Ls

The Senator troratitine choowledged
that allthis evidence had nodireet bear

ing on the merits of bis case He ineraly
Wanted the Senate, however, to judge |
‘

| “Lon

) case have the

| ware

| Lorimer

' tremendous

j the fail campaign.

ago,” shouted Lorimer with a
voice that was breaking with emotion,
“T would have been the white haired boy
if I had climbed the stairs of the news-
paper offices and bent my knees, if I had
done their bidding and become their tool
and helped them to plunder the public
treasury in the State of Hlinoia.

Lorimer also mentioned Melville Stone,
head of the Associated Press; Frank
Noves and other well known newspaper
men, He designated all of his newse-
vaper enemies us the “newspaper trust.”
fe charged that they had poisoned the
minds of the people against him and sent
Qroadcast distorted statementa,

“Not in Tlinois alone, but in Maine, Cali-
fornia and other States in the communities
where the Senators lived they have been
creating the impression that the most
vile creature God ever placed on this
fair earth holds by bribery a seat in this
Senate, They have not only poisoned
the fountains of truth, but even the minds
of the Senators sitting in this body to-day.”

Senator Lorimer quoted from the
apeeches of several Senators to show that
they were not familiar with the record
in the case. He also aaid that some Sen-
ators who are about to pass upon the
knowledge that they have
not read the record, but contended that
the publie sentiment of their States de-
manded that Lorimer should be turned
out

Lorimer Warnna Senate,
“Let me say to you Senators,” shouted

| Lorimer, as he banged his fist on the deak,

“that you may think you are protected by
these editora in the newapaper trust. You
may throw me from this chamber; you
may wipe my name from the rojl; you may
instruct the doorkeepers that Lorimer
cannot longer enter here, but, sir, you

jcan never change the solemn judgment

of the Senate of the Sixty-first Congress
in ita decision of my right to a seat in this
chamber

“When I am forgotten and the case of
Lorimer is no longer heard of then be-
The guillotine will be there for
you as it is here for me whenever you fail
to bend your knee to the newspaper trust
of this country. It will not stop with
It will go on and on until no
man dare say that his life is own. In
future years you will have to take the
consequences if you put in absolute con-
trol of the Government the vile, vicious,

i venal trust press trust of the country.”

Senator Lorimer was suffering under a

strain during his entire
speech. Toward the end his exhaustion
became so apparent that Senator Smoot
moved that the Senate takes a recess until
10 o'clock to-morrow morning. Then he

will resume his speech and the vote will}

be taken immediately afterward, There
seemed to be no doubt to-night that he
will be thrown out. If that happens
Lorimer will carry his fight to Illinois
and seek hia vindication at the hands of
the people of that State

WASSON SAYS HE'S LOYAL.

Pennsylvania Chairman, Once Pre-
Roosevelt, Now for Taft.

Pittrspcra, July 11.—Republican State
Chairman Henry G. Wasson returned last
night from his conference with President
‘Taft at Washington and to-day declared
he was ready to boss the job of conducting
Wasson says the fact
that he was a prominent worker for the
Roosevelt movement prior to the April
primary will make no difference in the
warmth of his support of President Taft.

The State chairman says United States
Senator Penrose will have nothing to do
with the campaign, that the voters of the
State showed Penrose his place in the last
election and that Penrose can't come
back because of his past performances,

“and President Taft understands per-
fectly my attitude toward Penrose,” added
Mr. Wasson. “The errangement is satis-
factory at the White House,

Wasson savas emphatically

 

the State

| eonvention will not be reconvened, as there

is no need for such action, When it was
suggested that) Penrose might think
differently Wasson said thet the senior
Senator does not have enough influence
with the delegates to have a call isued

TOWNE NOT FOR ROOSEVELT.

Ie Wants People to Know He's Supe

   

porting Wilson.

Charlea A, Towne, ex-Vroled St
Senator from Minnesota, who is now a
resident of Flatbush, is out with a denial
that he intends to join the Bull Moose
party. Mr. Towne believes that somehody
took hisdenuneiation of WilliamJ, Bryan's
course at the Baltimore convention as
an indication that he would not vote for

ates

Wilson and Marshall, but in a letter to the)

Brooklyn FBagle he says:

“Suffice it to say that T can picture
to mvself an extremity wherein I might
possibly vote for J. Pierpont Morgan,
Al Palzer or Harry Thaw for President
of the United States, but it is absolutely
beyond the wildest flight of my fairly
Vigorous imagination to. conceive of

peiroumstances under which T would so

atultify my reason and patriotism, my
manhood, my sanity, as to vote for Theo-
dore Roosevelt. I shall support and vote
for Wilson and Marshal.”

DENTS IN KINGS MACHINE.

Some Republican Committeemen

Join Ball Moose Herd.

Assemblyman Forrest F. Chilton of the
Sixteenth district in Brooklyn has re-
signed from the Republican county com-
mittee and gone with the bull moose folk.

The Seventeenth district county com-
mitteemen have ratified the nomination
of Taft and Sherman by a vote of 82 to 4.
There were ten absentees, all of whom
are believed to be loyal tothe party colors,
The four deserters are George J. Hontain,
a lawyer; Dr. Thurston H. Dexter, Joseph
Dermody and Lawrence PF. Lee, and they
have enrolled in the new party, —

Timothy LL. Woodruff has withdrawn
from the’ job of bossing the Montague
street headquarters to assist William H.
Hotchkiss, the State chairman, The
headquarters are now in charge of Jerse
Fuller, Jr., former Assemblyman George
A. Green and Comptroller Prendergast.

THIRD PARTY STARTS
WAVING BLOODY SHIRT

jen. Sickles in Opening Speech
Said He Didn't Want Wil-
son, a Virginian.

FULL TICKET IN NEW YORK

Wim. H. Hotchkiss to Appoint
County Chairman—State
Committee of 150.

William H. Hotchkics, chairman of the
State committee of the third party move-
ment, presided yesterday at an all day
session in the Roosevelt headquarters
in the Metropoli an Building of repre-
sentatives from twenty counties. Resolu-
tions were adopted declaring the party
to be a “separate and distinct political
organization” and providing the methods
by which the organization should be
formed
The adoption of the resolutions brought
out a demonstration of enthusiasm that
lasted for several minutes Many stood
on their chaire and cheered and waved
their hats, while there were others who
gave outlet to their feelings by imitating
the cry of the bull moose
Two committees, one representing the
metropolitan district, and the other ghe
up-State districts, were named to suggest
the course that should be followed in
organizing the party and in selecting the
delegates to the convention to be held
in Chicago August 5. Mr. Hotchkiss was
chosen provisional chairman of the body
in this State. The resolution said:
Reaolved, That the National Progressive
party be and is hereby declared to be a
separate and distinct political organization
for the purpose of promoting and securing
social and industrial justice and political
liberty in nation and State
Reaolved, Vhat the National Progressive
party place candidates in nomination for
every office to be filled this fall by election,
national, State, county and municipal
Reaolved, That forty-three of the dele.
gates to be aent to the Nat onal Progressive
party's national convention in Chicago be
| chosen by Congressional distriets except

that in counties containing two or more
complete Congressional distrieta the dele-
gates representing such tongressional
districta mav be chosen at large in the
county Such forty-three delewates
| chosenshallelect the two delegates at large

Reaolred, Further, that inorderto e
the above purposes, the provisional
State chairman be and is hereby authorised
to appoint provisional county chairmen

and when necessary provisional committees
for the several counties

 

wet

The county chairmen are to organize
Assembly district committees which will
select a delegate or delegates to the
August 5 convention at Chicago Each
Assembly district committee will elect
a member of the State committee

When the conference was called to order
in the morning Gen
who has been Republican and Demo-
crat by turn, was asked to make a short
address. He did so, but it was one that
the Roosevelt leaders found embar-
rassing before the General had been speak-
Jing but a few minutes. He harked back
}to the war, and referring to Woodrow
Wilson, said he didn't want a Virginian
{and one whose kin had fought the fight
of the Confederacy to teach the doctrine
of States rights from the White House

“Woodrow Wilson.” he said, “is the first
| candidate ever nominated by the trem
crats for President since rebellion
who was born in the South Gov Wilson
was hitnself too young to take any
part in the war, but all the able bodied
members of his family were on the wrong
side. We of the North bave never
disposed to send to the Wait
man who entertained the : 1
South with reference to the rody

 

 

active

i
any

f the

 

 

|
|

ey Jr, Assemblyman Andrew D. Mur-

| Duell,

|

State to withdraw from the Union We |
don't want any repetition of such a doc-
trine from an oceupant of the White

House. | believe with
that the Union must and shall be pre-

served. These United States are one and
inseparably.” |
Mr. Hotchkiss, Timothy L. Woodruff

and others of the prominont Roosevelt
leaders were getting fidzetty, and tinally
after there had been some motioning to
Mr. Hotehwiss the chairman loaned over
and whispered something to Gen, Sickles.
After that the General confined himself
to praise of Col Roosevelt and pledged
himself to the Roosevelt movement,
The nervousness that was shown while
Gen. Sickles was making his sectional
speech was probably due to the knowledge
Which those at the conference had that
Col, Roosevelt is seekinyg to split’ the
Democratic vote in the South
Oscar S. Straus, former Secretary of
Commerce and Labor, in a speech said
“It is a privilege to be tighting in this
eause. You can't jose, ‘That is the
, Virtue of a great moral cause. We are
bound to win, If it isn't to-morrow it
will be some other day, but from the mes-
sages that are coming in it looks like to-
morrow.”
In the afiernoon one after another of the
conferees related how the conditions in
his respective district pointed toundoubted
success of the Roosevelt ticket in this
| State. One man asked the chairman to
; take a vote in view of the activity of the
woman stenographer as to how the dele-
gates stood on the question of woman
suffrage. A rising vote showed that only
five of the delegates were opposed to
\ giving the franchise to women.
| Compirolier Prendergast was __ tele-
| phoned for and introduced by Mr. Hotche
| kiss as one of the first men to volunteer
his aid to the Roosevelt movement. In
the course of his speech the Comptroller
| “The birth of a new party is a stupene
| dous undertaking, but I can assure you
that we have a chance now to do some-
thing and to accomplish something.
Since the Chicago convention my mail
has been heavy every day with letters
from writers who want to join the new
party and who want to be part of the new
movement. These men want to come
into line because they conceive that it is
their duty to accomplish something for
the betterment of American politics. The
new movement will of course meet with
its obstacles and difficulties, but these

‘will be overcome.”
| Mr. Prendergast said that he had fre-

 

.WEAR-

A
BENJAMIN

   

Let us supply your hot-weather apparel.
menting. We are specialists--and can please you.

ere nia, for VAS i
ALFRED BENJAMIN & Cos Tailor-made Clothes

No experi-

Thin Coats fit guaranteed, $3 to $10, Featherweight Suits, $11 to $35.

Negliqee Shirts, sizes to fit any man;

| erecllent facilities for a quick selection,

UNUSUAL ane yore Sra

 

aA
47 ae Oe
me aah ay

G” fen

a) BOT dwar Cor

Andrew Jackson | Water on the other speakers,

 

\

 

|

}
'

|

|
‘

|

land leader.

| pathic ward at Hellevue testified yes-

THE SUN, FRIDAY. JULY 12, 1912.

| quentty been asked why he should seek
j to leave the old party, why he should not
jKeek to reform it from within. His reply
to these questions, he said, had been
j that the old party had decided to con-
} tinue under the management of men “who
jare not fit to associate with and whom
; we will not associate with. ‘To stay in
jthe party would be to condone the fradu-
ent acts that were done in Chicago.”
| Mr. Prendergast predicted that the pro-
h gressive party would carry the State in
the coming election.

i Gen. Sickles was asked by Mr. Hotch- |

kiss to close the meeting secing that his
had been the opening addresa. The
General said both the old parties had lost
their vitality and their vigor, that the
time had come for the birth of a new party
of greater and broader ideas, and he added |
“All I can say is, God bless the new po=,
litical Messiah.” |
Among thosé who attended the meet-
ing were; |

Gen, Daniel FE. Sickles, Oscar 8. Straus,
Patrick Egan, Dean Kirchway of the Col-
umbia law school, Assemblyman Lindon

ray, former Assemblyman James A. Francia,
William A. Ferguson of the Roosevelt
Progressive League, James H. Hickey and
Amos Pinchot.

Kings County—Timothy L. Woodruff,
ex-Senator Reuben 1. Gledhill, nee |
blyman George A Green, Jacob L

 

Holtzmann, Ethan Allen Doty, Gerald
B. Van Wart, ;
Queens Robert Price Bell, Alfred A
Eno, Frank A. Loete.

Suffolk Regia H. Post. Alexander E.

Blue, A. lL. Field.
Nassan Tucien T. Bonheur,
Ware, William H “Brickett.
Richmond — William Wirt Mills, Charles
Cc. Jd. Noble. |

Fred A,

Westchester -Merrill FE. Gates, John A.
Bruce, A. A. Kingsbury, B. G. Burtnett,
Bailey B. Burritt |

Chautauqua -- Farneat Cawcroft of
Jamestown by proxy.

Dutchess -Augustua B. Gray '

Lewis O. B. Phillips of Lowville \

Wayne 1... M. Blakely.

Oneida Ex-Senator Fred M, Davenport,
ex-Assemblyman Merwin K. Hart.

Onondaga -Joseph A. Griffing

Otsego A. CC, Shipman, William
McEwan, Fred Taber,

Putnam Hamilton Fish, Jr., H. E. Craft, |
Jr, William Rogers. |

St. Lawrence -Hugh Abbott

 

1.

KINGS THIRD PARTY.
~ SHAPES UP AT MEETING

‘Woodruff Introduces Speakers
Who, Like Himself, Can't
Stand Chicago.

 

PRENDERGAST BOOMED
But Comptroller Says He's Not
Looking Especially for the
Giovernorship.

 

 

The National Progressives. so they
call themselves—had their Kings county
organization meeting last night in Pros-
pect Hall, which is in the heart of Comp-
troller Prendergast’s own district. The
Comptroller, as he sat on the platform,
heard the sonorous launching of three
or four booms for himself as Governor
on the progressive ticket. He announced
when the time came for him to speak
that he was glad there was no doubt cast
upon his interest in the new organization,
but that he was not setting himself up
as one desiring political preferment.

Timothy L. Woodruff’ was in charge of
the meeting. He sat with Mr. Prender-
gast at his right and whenever any one
got up to tell how many and what men
such and such an Assembly district would
send to the new provisional committee
of the Kings county Progressives, Mr.
Woodruff would explain to the audience

| who the speaker was, and how he had

faithfully served as member of the Re-
publican county committee, or had been
a lifelong Republican, or had heen a
Republican Assemblyman, and how that
particular person could not stand the
goings on at Chicago: hence his partici-

pation in the new party.
Mr. Woodruff announced that his own

|

      
   

 

TR HOPES TOGET
GOV. DENEEN STANDS PAT. DEMOCRATIC ELECTORS

Decides to Have Nothing to Do With| Says Some Men Will Be Puy y,

ate eeree® in North Carolina Wh.
Citcaco, July 11.—Gov. Deneen will

 

were standing now for principles, and
they were standing together

Col. Roosevelt's negro stenographer,
who was with him in Chicago, took notes
of the speeches with a gold rimmed founs
tain pen.

 

not bolt his Republican party nomina- |
tion. He put in a busy four hours In|
Chicago to-day reviewing what pollt!-
clans consider a critical situation. He
would not make any statement for pub-
lication. Roy ©. West, Republican Na-
tional Committeeman, who came home

and party leaders at the White House,
was closeted with Deneen more than
an hour. West, speaking for Gov. De-
neen, to-night said:

“Mr. Deneen yill not enter the third
party. He wil make his fight on the
straight Republican ticket.”

A third party State ticket threatened
by the Roosevelt and Jones-Merriam
forces will be met at the proper time
in the development of the campaign, it
is said. For the present the State ad-
ministration Republicans intend to go
along with their plans regardless of the
third party movement.

Gov. Deneen feels, it is sald, that he
{s the regular nominee of the Repub-
lican party by direct vote of the people
and that, holding this brief from the
voters, there is nothing for him to do
other than to prosecute his campalgn
as the Republican candidate for Gov-
ernor,

DRYS FIGHT ALL DAY.

Onst National Chairman and Adopt
Platform,

ATLANTIC City, N. J., July 11.-— After
turbulent proceedings the Prohibition
national convention § to-night turned
down Charles H. Jones of Chicago, na-
tional chairman for the past seven
years, and elected V. G. Hinshaw of

Sarate . Tue yilli a oS. ee u » é » af . , &§& KF.
allen Mose. B. Tucker, WHER 2 | sensibilities had been shocked at Chicago, Re ein cence we ave hatte
Schoharie—Raymond Smith, 17. 8. Man. | Dut he admitted that they might after aly oe nad been looked s
Bing, 1. G. Holmes, Lemon 8. Holmes. }be more delicate than other men's, He] committee, had been looked upon as a
Ris tis ; nie ideclared in his opening speech that the!sure winner. He was the insurgent

_Tompkins Prof. Alfred Haves of the new party was not fathering the political j candidate.
a ht del one ee cr, im ambitions of any man, but that it stood | The platform, adopted after another
Se Pee re ercel * Parker, | for new and great political ideals, fight, says that the alcoholle drink traf-

both of Granville. |

Letters and telegrams advising of sup- |
port of the movement were received from
A. G. H. Hardwick of the Employers
Association of Niagara Falls; W. Sackett
Amsterdam, Dr. Hen H. Steb- |

!
College, Edward W. Overton of Schenec- |

ao | tady, Charles ©. Carey of Chemung county, |

Raymond Davenport and David — Burke |
of Clster county, J. S. Carman of Lodi. |

cen aaa |
|

BLAINE CLUB INDORSES TAFT. |

 

Peaceful Meeting Contrasts With!

RNampus Last Week. |

The East Side Republicans whooped |
it up for President Taft and the G. 0, !
P. last night [In a Tammany strong: |
hold, the Second Assembly district. It
was the ratification meeting and banner |
raising of the Jameg G. Blatne Club, the |

Daniel BE. Sickles, regular organization district, of which

Joseph Levenson is executive member |
The club had a rumpus try-
ing to ratify last week, but last night
all was peaceful. |

William Barnes, Jr. of Albany and
County Chairman Samuel &. Koentg |
Were speakers, |

“LT want to leave just one thought in
your minds,” said Boss Barnes. “Every
human being has an {nternal mental |
ght pecullar to him fn which he takes}
his satisfaction or dissatisfaction In liv-
ing, When any man appeals to you by |
saying that he doesn't believe in this)
man and that that man displeases him |
he appeals to a false sense in you.
When any public man approaches you
by arousing your envy or by such su- |

of 4) pert fal things he is destroying your

happiness.”

Levenson unexpectedly dashed cold,
Ile was
insisting that the Republican party
stood for conservatism and sanity and
to emphasize his remarks he banged
his fist on the table, It struck a pitcher |
of fce water and sent a chilling shower |
over the laps of Barnes and Koentg. — |

BRYAN ANSWERS WATTERSON.

Admits He Didn't Consult “Marse |
Henry"' About Anything.
!

Lincoun, Neb., July i1.-Under the)
eaption “Mount Watterson in Eruption” |
Bryan's Commoner to-day replies to the |
recent bitter editorial attack of Col. Henry ,
Watterson on William Jennings Bryan. |
The Commoner said in part:

“Well, Mr. Bryan confesses that he has
not tried to please Mr. Watterso®* that
may account for any populari Mr.,
Bryan enjoys. He confesses that he did |
not consult Mr. Watterson when he made |
his fight against Judge Parker for tem-
porarv chairman.

“He did not consult Mr. Watterson when
he introduced the resolution against Wall
Street leaders (wonder if Mr. Watterson
feels slighted, like one of the financiers
did, because he was not included), and Mr.
Bryan did not consult Mr. Watterson
when he declined to join with Mr. Murphy
in nominating a candidate for President. |

“Mr. Bryan has pursued the course| chairman of one of the district delega- | Misht’s debate.

‘ins of Kochester, Prof. Opdyke of Union | \V

| were not properly elected

if it

“Perhaps I was more sensitive,” said
Mr. Woodruff, “than some of the delegates
to the Chicago convention regarding the
action of the National Committee in plac-
ing upon the temporary roll of the con-
vention the Taft delegates from ‘Texas,
ashington, California, Arizona and other
States who were not elected,

“At the first Republican State con-
vention which T attended in 188? just one
little forged proxy, just a little slip of
paper used at a meeting of the State com-
mittee, Which was in session the day be-

| fore the convention for exactly the same

purpose that the National Commiitee was
in session in Chicago, to prepare a tem-
porary roll of the convention, aretsed
the Republicans of the State of New York
to such a@ pitch of indignation that the
candidate of that Republican convention,
who was no less a person than Charles
J. Folger, then the Secretary of the Treas-
ury of the United States, who had re-
signed the great office of Chief Judge of
the Court of Appeals to enter the Cabinet
of President Arthur, was defeated by
192,000 votes and a man elected who was
hardly known by name to the people of
the State and who asa result of his elec-
tion to the Governorship became the first
and only Democratic President for over
half a century.”

Mr. Woodruff then went into details,
saying why he thought the Taft delegatoa
He went on:

“notice that these Kings county leaders
are quoted as saying they are sure Col.
Roosevelt will draw as many Democratic
as Republican voters and therefore Taft
will have more votes in Kings county
than either Roosevelt or Wilson. IT hope
it is true that Col. Roosevelt will receive
as large Democratic as Repul.lican sup-
port. If he does we will take our chances
as to the result in Kings county, the State
and the nation, for that would absolutely
mean Roosevelt's election.”

Speaking of machine politics he said:
“A machine is a good thing in politics,
as it is in every field of human endeavor

works and prodoes something,
It is worse than valueless in polities and
everywhere else if it) simply occupies
space and produces no new thing.

“The people generally have for a long
time resented heing represented by others
rather then being permitted to represent
themselves. We who have been of
the machine have known that this senti-
ment has been constantly on the increase.”

Mr. Woodruff then went into a long
talk in praise of the Colonel and in dis-
cussion of Gov. Wilson and the latter's
free trade convictions. In this connec-
tion he aaid: “Little or nothing is known
as to what kind of a Chief t vecuive of
this great nation of all creeds and races
a man would make who in his writings has
declaged himself a free trader and has
made unfair comments on certain classes
of foreign Jorn citizens to whom the
rapid unbuilding of the nation is in a con-
siderable measure due. Shall we elect him
to the Presidency of the nation, the schol-
arly theorist,or the practical, experienced
doer of things, |heodore Roosevelt?"

As soon as Mr. Woodruff stepped back
afterhisspeech wasifinished, MissGeraldine
Tokaji, di
up in her place in the gallery, like Mrs
w A. Davis, the woman stampeder «=:
the Chicago convention, and started i.
sing a song.

Maryland, my Maryland,

The traitor’s foot !s on thy soll—
she sang and the crowd let out a shout.
None dared to sing with her and at last

'

fic is a crime and not a business, and

plete suppression of the traffic in girls,
sulfrage for women upon the same terms
aS men, court review as to post office
decisions, the initiative and referendum,
an omnipartisan tariff commission, an
elastic currency system, graduated In-
come and inheritance taxes, soncerva-
tion, reclamation, regulation and control
of corporations transacting an interstate
business and greater efliclency and econ-
omy in Government service.

 

QUESTION HANFORD'S RULING.

Attorneys Who Heard Finch Charges
Saye I¢ Was Improper.

Seattte, July 11.--The Investigation
of Federal Judge Hanford by the Con-
eresional sub-committee centred to-day
about charges brought against former
Secretary of thp Interlor Richard A.
Ballinger and other attorneys by Jerold
A. Finch, a lawyer of this city, in owl

 

gard to the alleged conspiracy to throw
a shipbuilding firm into the hands of a
receiver in ordeg to loot ft.

Judge Hanford at the time the
charges were made threatened to disbar
Finch. Members of a bar association
committee which heard the Finch |
charges were called before the investl-
ation to-day.

Chairman Graham asked Powell:

“Wasn't Hanford’s announcement
that if Finch failed to convict Richard |
A. Ballinger of misconduct he would |
himself be disbarred not only false in
principle but extremely unjudicial?”

“It was unfortunate,” was the reply
of the witness.

Representative McCoy framed a hypo-
thetical question and asked, “Was it
judicial or unjudicial?"

“It was improper,” VPowell replied.

Judge Arthur E. Griffin was called:
on regarding the bankruptey case In
which the Finch charges originated. |
Judge Griffin presided over the Superior |
Court when portions of the proceedings
were held before him. He defended his
rulings gnd testified to Hanford's char-
acter and judicial integrity.

|
declares for direct election of ar
a single six year Presidential term, unt- |
form marriage and divorce laws, the ex-
terminatton of polygamy and the com-

!
|
|
'
|

 

|
1

|
|
Wisconsin Democrats in Row Over,

Invome Tax at Midnight,

Mrowauxee, Wis., July 11.—The Demo-
cratic State convention started to-night |
with a lively row over the Income tax, |

CHARGE LA FOLLETTE DEAL.

vughter of Bela Tokaji, stood | there has been a strong demand for its |

repeal, The progressives say that to;
recede from the platform declaration
of two years ago would be a victory for
the so-called Tories, while ethers say a
platform pledge to repeal the tax would
mean, certain victory.

The charge of yesterday that the pro-

she finished, while the Union Republican | gressive leaders are in league with the

Club of the Eighth Assembly district let
loose with its tin horns.
Then Dr. Oscar Limburger, who was

La Follette Republicans who passed the
income tax law was reviewed in to-
The income tax repeal

which seemed to him most calculated to| tions, got to his feet and began to intone; and the candidacy of Judge Karel are

advance the interests of the Democratic |
party and through the Democratic party
the interests of the countrv. He has)
done most of his work not only without !
Mr. Watterson'’s afd but in spite of his

opposition.

“He has lived to see the things he has |
advocated become the accepted doctrines
of a great nation and he awaits without)
fear the verdict of the people upon his |
work at Baltimore.” |

FAVOR ALIENISTS ON SHIPS.

Doctora Urge Factlittes for Detect-"
ing Insanity in Immigrants,

Dr. Fritz Fischeraur of the Austrian |
consulate and Dr, Gregory of the psycho- |

|

 

terday before the committee appointed
by the bureau of deportation to Investl-
gate conditions on Ellis Island for the
care of alien insane. They agreed with |
the allenists questioned on Wednes- |
day that provisions for the detection
and detention of Insane persons at Ellis |
Island were inadequate, |

They recommended an extension of |
the deportation period from three years |
to tive, They also favored foretgn port.
examination and the presence on ships,
of one or more trained allenists, Under |
present conditions, they gaid, scarcely
10 per cent, of the aliens suffering from!
forms of insanity can be detected,

The committee will visit Eis Island
to-day.

 

Smith Hae Not Resigned,

Wasmine@ion, July tt Seeretary Nagel
of the Department of Commerce and Labor |
suid to-day that he had not received the

& poem:
Theodore, my Theodore,
The trattor's foot—

At the end of each verse the crowd
whooped and the horns of the Union
Racuhicas Club shouters let go again.
Mr. Woodruff, from his place on the plat-
form, declared that it would be a good
thing it the audience would vote its thanks
to the singer and the poet,

Charles H. Arronstam of the Twelfth
Assembly district was called upon to read
aresolution providing for the organization
of the National Progressive party in
Kings county. The resolution provided
for the appointment by each of the As-
sembly districts of from five to twenty
men who should represent the district
on &@ provisional committee, This com-
mittee, composed of 872 members, is to
meet in the Johnson Building in Brooklyn
at 8 o'clock on the evening of July 23,
Three names from each Assembly district
will be placed on the roll of the campaign
committee, which will consist of sixty-
nine members, At the meeting eight
delegates and alternates to the progressive
convention in Chicago will be chosen,

Then the meeting heard from repre-
sentatives of the Assembly districts, ‘They
stood up by the placards of the district,
like those in a national convention, and
said how many men they had in their
organizations who were ready to stand
for Col, Roosevelt, Some were Demo-
crats, some Socialists and many were
members of the regular Republican or-
Ranization. ‘These Mr. Woodruff told off
to the audience so that they wouldn't
miss them

Jesse Fuller, a lawyer, told at great
length why the contests in Washington
California and ‘Vexas should hace been
decided at Chicago in favor of (he Colonel

Mr. Prendergast satd that be had never
See oo CObaplele aid vommuiens a Saert
tiee of political ambioon as Mro Woodrull
had made when he walked out of the
‘Taft camp at Chicago. He was glad that
he and Mr. Woodruff, whom he backed for

resignation of Commissioner of Corporations | Lieutenant-Governor sixteen yeare ago,

Smith as reported and kuew gothing of hin| Were in the same crowd now.

el luns

They

tightly
was

intertwined, The convention
in session at midnight.

|
from a conférence with President 7

May Vote for Him.

READY TO TAKE THE ste yp

oe

May Go to Kansas, lowa yy)
Michigan Before the Third
Party Primaries.

Orvster Bay, N. Y., July i. Col. Noosa
velt has practically decided to cove;
personally several of the middle Waste;
States before the holding of the thing
party primaries at which Presidentia|
electors are to be named. As these pri
maries, at which State officials alen aye
to be nominated, will be held before the
national progressive convention in ()).
cago on August 5, it will be necessiry
for the Colonel to begin the strenuous
work of his campaign much sooner than
had been anticipated, perhaps within
a fortnight.

“I have been asked,” he said in re.
sponse to a question about his ownplana,
“to go to three particular States to take
part in their primary campaigns, bur
I haven't yet made up my mind to go*
Kansas, he admitted, is one of the States
which want his assistance hefore they
determine at the primaries which party
is going to be able to place the names of
its electors upon the Republican ticket,

The two other States he was not willing
to name. It is believed, haever, that
Michigan and Iowa have sent word that
he was needed.

Whether he will go depends upon the
decision arrived at by his managers in
the respective States. He has notified
them that in view of the extensive coun.
trywide campaign which he will wage
before the election a visit now will in all
probability preclude the possibility of a
second visit nearer election time. He has
put it up to them to decide when his pres-
ence would do the most good.

“There will be a very hot fight in some
of thease Western States in the primary
elections,” said the ex-President with a
grim smile, “notwithstanding the de-
termination of both parties not to abide
by the result. What will be accomplished
will be the decision’ of the perplexing
question as to which party must make use
of the petition method to place a ticket
in the field bearing the names of their
electors and which will be privileged to
utilizetthe regular Republican ticket.”

Indications of Roosevelt support from
a new quarter were smilingly announced
by the Colonel. Former Senator Frank
Pettigrew of South Dakota, one of the
Clark managers at the Democratic conven-
tion, called to-day with the news that
a large number of Democrats were pro-
foundly dissatisfied with Gov. Wilson's
nomination. Senator Pettigrew further
stated that in his beli:f half the Demo-
cratic vote of South !) isota would be cast
for the third party t-ader.

“The Senator said he was opposed
to Wilson,” the Colonel added, “declaring
that Wilson was reactionary and that his
platform meant nothing.

Whether the attitude of his new adher-
ents was more an opposition to Gov
Wilson than a preference for him, he was
not sure, but he was glad to get part of
their vote on any account.

Col. Roosevelt's rising confidence re-
received a boost from ex-Senator Marion
Butler of North Carolina, another caller,
to-day. : i

“Senator Butler has just told me.” he
said, “that they were about to hold the
Bapupices primaries in North Carolina,
and that he believed they were going to
carry the State for me by five or six to
one.” Then with a grin he added: “They
are going to out Roosevelt men on the
Republican ticket as Presidential electors
and there may be some Democratic elec-
tors put up who will vote for me, which
would be even better.” E

Recent harsh criticism of the third
party's intention to run away with the
regular Republican ticket in those States,
where they were able, has somewhat
nettled the Colonel, and he was desirous
of having his opinion of such criticism
put on record. ;

“There is always something refreshing
about a pickpocket who seeks to distract
attention from himeelf by raising the erv
of ‘stop thief’ in reference to the man
whose pocket he has just picked.” he
said. “I am immensely amused by the
upholders of the fraudulent Republican
convention who talk about stolen Presi-
dential electors. Mr. Taft is not the
nominee of the rank and file of the Repub-

‘Jican party. Mr. Taft was honestly beaten

He is the ‘raudulent nominee of the
Barnes - Penres? - Guggenheim = mact ie
which has nullified the wish of the great
majority of the Republican party

“No honest man put up as an elector a!
the primaries last spring can fail to record
his vote ageinst Mr. Taft. If he is to act
honestly, he must either vote for me or
not run for elector at all. Mr. Taft ts
entitled to any electors named by M
Barnes, Mr. Penres? or Mr. Guggenheim
He is not entitled to any elector nominated
by the majority of the Republicans in
any primaries. It isa flagrant act of dis-
honesty to ask any such elector to vote
or Mr Taft.”

W. U. Pension Plan Explained’ te
Employees.

The pension plan for employees of the
Western Union, which has been prevl-
ously described, was formally communt-
cated to the employeas yesterday in 4
statement and letter from President
N. Vail. The pension rates are based on
salaries received by men who have been
employed twenty years and are more thin
70 years old.

 

|

 

  
 

New Rochelle are unusual for
ing outlying districts, 4 plain
detectives, and there are fixed

at congested points.

and Fire Department systems
Heally conducted that the etty
liness and conflagrations.

/) New tsovneile ts easily accessipie trom New york by three
4

Branch, and the newly opened N. ¥., Westchester & Boston,

 

The fire department is both paid and volunteer.

2 steam fire engines, 2 hook and ladder trucks, 2

There are 8 fire companies having 7 stations.

1) is equipped with so8 hydrants, and’ the alarm system con-

which have in the aggregate seven stations in the city limits.
“New Bocheile is certainly one ine place to tive,”

“A
4 ‘fy
The fire and police
departments of
a city of its size. ‘The Police
Department maintains 1 automobile patrol wagon, 8 auto:
mobile ambulance, 2 motor cycles and 8 bicycles for patrol!
clothes men are detailed as
posts to protect school cpild:
ren in going to or coming from schools, as also for traffic
There
is now to be purchased at a cost of $15,000 a motor hose
and pumping engine, a motor hose andchemical wagon, and a
motor squad wagon. ‘The Department now owns 22 nares
ose
wagons, 4 hose and chemical wagons, and 1 chemical reel.
New Rochelle
sists of 50 boxes, 6 school boxes and § private boxes. ‘The
total value of all property is over $200,000. Both the Police,
are so efficient and systema:
is almost free from disoracr f
/,
Railroads, the New Haven Matn Line, the Harlem River ;
IORK, Mayor, f

FREDERICK TH, WALI

    

hadn't always agreed in the past, but they 4 4

~

“SS

+