(

1 A'S ELECTION

COST $1,900,000

Cortelyou Testifies That 83,-
600.000 Was Spent for
McKinley.

RECORDS BURNED

a ees

Didn't Know About Harriman
Fund Until) After the
Election.

CHARGES

1904

 

CALLS FALSE

a

Had No Knowledge of Contribu-
tions by Life Insurance
Companies,

WacnIncton, July 11.—It cost the Re-
publican National Gommittee about $1,-
900,900 to finance the Roosevelt campaign
in 1904. It cost the committee about
twice as much, or $3,809,000, to run the
campaign of 1999, which resulted in the
election of William McKinley.

: |
These totals were disclosed officially

to-day for the first time whon George B.
who was chairman of the
National Committee during the Parker-
Roosevelt camapign of 1904, appeared as
a witness before the Senate Committee
that i
but

Mr. Cortelvou also disclosed the fact
that the vouchers and financial records
of the 1994 campaign were destroved by
Cornelius N. Bliss in 1907, shortly aftor he
bad retired as treasurer of the National
Committee. It wasonly a day or two ago
that Thomas Taggart, chairman of the
Democratic National Committee in this
same Roosevelt-Parker campaign, testi-
fied that the check stubs and other docu.
menis relating to the financing of the
Democratic end of the fizht had been
burned

The testimony of Mr. Cortelyou, follow-
ing so closely upon that of Mr. Taggart,
caused a stir among Senators. Mr. Cor-
telyou, however, took puins to defend the
inemory of Cornelius N. Bliss and to de-
clare that he never would have tolerated
a single transaction that would not bear
the tall light of day. Mr. Cortelyou
went further and said he was willing
to assume full responsibility for anything
that was done in that 1904 camapign by
the Republican National Committee.

Cortelvou,

§ investigaing campaign contrie

ms

Interest in Statement,

"Mr Cortelvou's statement in regard
to the total amounts expended in the
Roosevelt and McKinley campaigns was
received with great interest. There has
@\ays been a large amount of speculation
asto the cost of thes? campaigns. The
figures in the Roosevelt campaign have
ween estimated as high as $11,000,009 and
Jodze Parker charged in the midst of the
wi that vast sums were being
cont ted by the corporations to in-
sure the election of Roosevelt,

the tastimony of Mr. Cortelyou brought
out waat looks like a marked diference
in the poticy pursued by him in the run-
Bing of the 1904 campaign and the policy
pursued by his chief, President Roose-
Mr. Cortelyou testified emphat-
irally that he had made it a point not to
turn any money over to the Republican
Bare committees toward the close of the
fan: He adopted this policy he-
cas’ ie wished to keep the Republican
National Committee free from any pos-
sibio calumny. But while Mr. Cortelyou
was ()i8 tasing precautions to prevent
any charyes that the National Committee
wa ne out money for improper
purposes President Roosevelt apparently
was dickering with KB. H. Harriman for
the raisins of the $260,000 which Harri-
ma

fiehit

    

elt

alen

on the eve of election. Mr.
man boasted that it was this $260,000

that carried the day for Roosevelt in New
York
Didn't Know of $260,000,

Mr Cortelyou testified that he never
Yad beou informed of the raising of this
Harriman fund and that he had known
aisolitely nothing about it until the
report ane out in the newspapers. This
$0000 never passed through the hands
of the National Committee, but went

divect tothe New York State organization,

as said that he threw into New |

 

the day. He eaid he personally had no
knowledge of the contributions made to
the Roosevelt fund by tho life insurance
}companies, [hese contributions were
| brought out in the life inaurance investi-
| gation and included about $50,000 from
ithe New York Life and large contribu-
tions also from the Equitable and the
Mutual.

“IT never heard of any insurance con-
| tribution of any sort during the cam-
| paign,” said Mr. Cortelyou

Nothing From Morgan.

Mr. Cortelyou testified also that he
knew of no contribytion having been
| made directly by J. P. Morgan or any
one in his behalf. He knew nothing of
;@ny contribution having been made by
| George W. Perkins. Mr. Perkins is sup-
posed to have made the contribution
, for the New York Life in that campaign

Mr. Cortelyou had not heard of any
contribution by H H Rogers in the 1901
campaign

“After the campaign,” testified Mr
Corvelyou, “T heard that Mr. Rogers had
made some comtribution How much I
to not know.”

(). How long after the campaign did you
hear of the Rowers contribution? A. Oh,
}feveral months: | cannot say just how long

Q. Had you ever heard of a contribution
; by John D. Archbold? A. No, sir
| ‘The witness testified also that he had
no knowledge of contributions having been
| made by William Rockefeller or Speyer &
|Co. Mr. Cortelyou added that it was
possiqie that some of these gentlemen
might have made contributions, but he
| Was not in a position to recall anything
jin particular about them

| Heard of Contributions,

Q. Did vou subsequently learn that any
mide contributions? A
in the case of the insurance eom-

| of these parties.
Yes

ir

 

panies it developed oin the insurance in
ves.igation thet certain companies had
contributed | have never pretended to
understand folly the matter of the <o-colle |
Harriton fund Whates e? happened m
that cose hapnesed white b was in Chieago

at the very
up the affairs of Che Chieago hagd quarters
The New York Stite 1 think,
had applied tor funds and PT had de
to give any more, foelinge that
already been allotted was) ample
more, | did not wish to give any
to State committees at the very ent

ead of the campaign closing

coprmittes,

    

“

 

campaign, whieh rule we absolvtely bred
up to
On my return from Chicago, and [ think

shortly after the end of the campaign, |
heard some rumors as toa fund having been

jraised for use in New York State, but TP,
was not only very busy closing up cam-
paign matters but also cvas thoroughly

tired, and shortly after that Leame to Wash-
fington and reeall having heard nothing
i further of it

As to the individuals vou speak of, the
several names there, | am merely of course
giving my recollection I do not recall
the individual names of contributors

Mr. Cortelvou doubted wnether he had
known at any time more than twelve or
fifteen contributors to the fund There
was a list of 4,000 known contributors
and probably 10,000 or 12,000 contributors
altogether, many having sent in money
anonymously

Describes Methods,

He described in detail the Republican
method of collecting a campaign fund
The money was gathered, he said, by a
force of from 700 to 800 persons, Bureaus
were maintained ‘n New York, Boston,
Philadelphia, Chicago, Pittsburg, San
Francisco and other points. The work
of this entire organization was under
direction of Mr Bliss. treasurer of the
National Committee, Subserimtion books
were issued to the solicitors in the different
cities. At the beginning, Mr. Cortelyou
said, they had laid down cortain rules
for financing the campaign ;
butions were to be received which entailed
any pledge or prom: In the different
cities the work of obtaining contributions

se

 

was entrusted to respectable, high class |

business men No speelal instructions

were given them, as it wag assumed that |

their characters alone would insure
decent, straightforward, honest ecuduet

Mr. Cortelyou could not reecallany of the
large contributions

a

: ‘ $
“[ had practically nothing to do,” said

he, “with the matter of collecting. That
was entirely undey the supervieion of the
treasurer of the committee. 1 know that
the popular idea is that the chairman of
the committee spent his time running
around and collecting funds, bur that
wae not so."

Ia Toach With Vinances,

“Rut wouldn't the chairman beep in
touch with the finances in order to know

‘the extent to which he might outline the}

campaign?” asked one of the committee-
minen.

“Yes, that is true,” said Mr. Cortelyou,
“but that was done by simply knowing
frum day to day whether tre finances
would warrant any particular action.”

Mr. Cortelyou had never heard of any
contribution by the beef trust, the coal
trust, the sugir trust or tha tobacco
trust. The witness did recall an incident
in connection with an effort by the tobacco
trust to make a contribution, Mr. Cor-
telyou said that he had issued instruction
that no contribution of any sort should
be received from any tobacco concern,
This order had been issued because the
Treasury Doportment had just made
an important ruling in regard to certain
brands of Cuban tobacco.

“[ believe,” said Mr. Cortelyou, “that
some of the tobacco people came in with

 
   

!
| HARMONY

 

There is not a richer word in
the English language than Har-
mony—nor a condition more to

iM be desired in all walks of life,
iT social and commercial.
Between men, between com-
munities, between a_ business
and its clients, harmonious re-
lations constitute the solidest
foundation for mutual gocd.
And to those who are not
unfamiliar with the friction

AROUNO THE CREE

Will Censor Contributions—
Treasurer Must Be in Close
Touch With Him.

CLARK IS COMING;

; da th The Speaker Will Be at Sea Girt |
which too often attends the ‘To-morrow and Mr. Under. |

conduct of a building operation ; 2

it should be of pai te know wood Next Week. |
that, with forty million dollars’ ]]) -
worth of work now under our
control, not a single discordant
note mars the harmonious rela-
tions between the Architects,
Wl the Owners and ourselves.

THOMPSON-STARRETT
COMPANY
Building Construction

 

CHAMP

 

 

Sea Gint, N. J... July 11.-Alono in an
upstairs room of-the Little White House |
to-night Woodrow Wilson is putting in|
writing his ideas of how a Democratic |
Presidential campaign should) be con-
ducted and his suggestions to the Demo- |
cratic National Committee in accordance |
with those ideas,

| The Governor sought his room imme-
‘diately after dinner, leaving directions
that he was not to be disturbed except
for most important reasons. He went
there because from about 10 o'clock this
know if any of these women wero holding | morning until 7 o'clock to-night there had
the “stakes” for any corporation, but| been an uninterrupted proceasion of visi-
| Mr. Cortelvou took no atock in this sug- | tors, and the signs were that thoy were to

 

 

   

——— ——— |

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Y of one week ago, to do exactly as tho |

Governor desires and many are anxious |
to do it first. :

Mr. Ling of Arizona brought Francis E. |
Shine, who was a delegate at Baltimore |
and is a member of the notification com- |
mittee, which comes on August 7, ‘Thomas |

3. McCue of Colorado and Mr. McGraw of

West Virginia came in the afternoon.
Both had long conversations with the |
nominee, |

“I told him that he is sure to carry |
Colorado by a fairly comfortable majority,”
eaid Mr. MoCue; “there will be no trouble
about that, and furthermore we will elect
a Democratic Legislature, which will}
choose two Democratic United Rtates |
Senators, Mr. McCue was strongly in|
favor of having the Western headquarters |
established at Denver, which is hia home |
city, but he eaid that he would be too |
buay to take active charge, He thought |
there was no doubt of William FP. Me-!|
Combs'a election to the chairmanehip. |
Mr. MeGraw, who also believed that it
would be McCombs, said that if the elec-
tion were held to-morrow West Virginia
would give Wilson 30,000 majority.

Mr. Goltra from Missouri brought former
Governor David RK. Francis, who was
Champ Clark's field marshal at Balti-
more, Mr. Francis went over to Spring
Lake for the night and it is believed that ,
he will be around to-morrow morning
again.

A visitor of the afternoon was Joreph
F. Guffey of Pennsylvania, nephew of Col,
James M. Guffey, but his political enemy.
He has defeated his uncle in recent fighta. |
He said he believed Wilson would carry
Pennsylvania this fall.

John H. McCooey,
boss of ae county; Congressman John
J. Fitzgerald, Herman A. Metz, Secre
of State FKdward Lazansky, James J.
Byrne, George B. Gallagher, ex-Sheriff
P. H. Quinn and Spencer Smith came as

 

the Democratic

 

 

of the |

No contri- |

| Sestion. He attributed the contributions
j by the women to the fact that they bad
fora long time been interested in the party
| through members of their families having
held hirh office or from other sentimental
Vins Several of these women who con-
tributed large amounts, Mr. Cortelyoa
Isaid) were wealthy and elderly,
Mr. Cortelyou ‘alled) that one in-
) dividual of large means had offered 815
O00 OF $29,090), ois man was on the point
Fof turning if over to the committee when
he remarked casually that he hoped that
later on he might be considered favorably
for sam diplomatic post
“TL told him under the circumstances, *

said Mr. Cortelyou, “that, we could not
accept his contribution -that probably
he had been misinformed as to the way
we were doing things”

 

=

 

Declares Charges Falne.

Mr. Cortelyou said he did not believe
there was a word of truth in the report

jthat $11,009,090 had been expended in|
He knew that |

electing Roosevelt in 1ot,
the statement was absolutely false so far
as the National Committees was concerned.

“Were any books and records kept dur-
‘ing that campaign?” asked Senator Lea,
ja Democrat.
| “The treasurer kept the ordinary books
tof account,” said Mr. Cortelyou. “The
‘two headquavters also kept whatever
books were necessary. We prided our-
selves on the svatem of accounting.”
|, “But: where are the evidences of that
j business system at this time?” asked
Prt Lea

“Mr. Bliss, the treasurer,” said the wit-
‘ness, “died in the fall of last year,I think
| He retired as treasurer of the committee
; shortly before the last national campaign

He had been treasurer of the committce

‘for a number of years. Bat the time
the retired he collected whatever docu-
ments and data and records that had
| accumulated during his long series of
years and as he informed me destroyed
them.”

“All the records, vouchers and hooks
of the campaign of 194 have been de-
stroyed according to your best informa-
tion and belief?” asked Senator Lea

“Yes, sir; | think so,” replied Mr. Cor-
telyou.

Helped State Committees,

Mr. Cortelyou testified that the National
Committee gave the State committees
'funds in States where the fight was the
fhotcest. Between $690,000 and $700,000
was advanced to State committees. About
500.00 was apent for literary work and
tadvertising, $175,900 on aceount of the
} Speakers’ bureau, $100,000 for lituographs

fand $159,000 for maintainin ¢ head quar-
ters °
Tne only contribution solicited by

| Chairman Cortelyou personally was from
| Andrew Carneie, who responded with
Carnegie,” said Mr. Cortelyvou,
“wrote me that we were conducting the
campaign on a high plane and that we
would have difficulty in securing funde,
and as he had retired from active busi-
ness and | was interested in the success
of the Republiean ticker T told him we
}would be glad to receive contributions
jin such cases because they brought no
sort of embarrassment or obligation.”
{ Mr. Cortelyou could not recall that
Thomas F. Ryan, Judge Gary, hy es
Corey or others connectede with large
industrial enterprises had contributed.
One of the Democrats on the committee
wanted tosknow if there. had been any
trouble in financing the Roosevelt cam-
paign. Mr. Cortelyou said that toward
the middle of the campaign funds came in
a litile slowly, but he couldn't say there
was “any material trouble.” Mr. Cor-
telyou gave his former chief, Col. Roose-
velt, aclean bill of health.
“very statement that he has made

regarding the conduct of that campaign
is absolutely true,” said Mr. Cortelyou.

Paya Tribute to Blinn,

It was at theconclusion of his testimony
that Mr. Cortelyou paid a high tribute to
the late Cornelius N. Bliss.

“The treasurer was a man of high
social and business standing,” said Mr.

the Brooklyn delegation, and they had
a half hour's inning about 2:30 o'clock
in the afternoon, Mr. McCooey and the
Governor shook hands very vigorously
and the Brooklyn men congratulated
the nominee with some fervor. Mr.
McCooey declared the nomination had
harmonized all Brooklyn factions. He
said the proper thing to do was for the

| keep coming up to midnight.

| In tho list to-day were five national

committeemen who came to obtain by

| word of mouth the wishes of the nominee,

{while a sixth committeeman, Robert Ew-
ing of Louisiana, came just after the

| gates closed and will have his visit the

 

first thing: to-morrow morning. In all} Governor to start off the national and
there were representatives of twelve | State campaign by a rousing speech at
States at Sea Girt to-day. ‘To-morrow ithe Brooklyn Academy of Music

“The idea seemed to please him,” said
Mr. McCooey afterward; “he did not
accept in 80 many words, but he thought
it might be a good idea.” The delegation

| departed highly pleased and most enthu-

|will see more commiteemen and mis-
cellaneous delegations.
Saturday at 2 P. M. will mark the

arrival of Speaker Champ Clark, ten days
i | siastic

aggo a most formidable aspirant for the Major G. V. Menzies of Mount Vernon, |
honors won by the New Jersey Governor. | Ind., delegate at large, who put. Thognas
| Mr. Clare will remain until 5 o'clock in the Marshall in nomination for the Vice- |
afternoon. Oscar Underwood will come | fame oF tien tins — W. he Will- |
la on ; ‘ ) ridge, N. J., who is an |
| some day eee - the time not yet set. | oid Indiana man. Col, John I. Martin, |
Vach will be asked to assist the nominee | sergeant-at-arms of the National Com- |
with suggestions and recommendations.

mittee, on his way to Chicago, stopped |
The Governor's message to the Demo- 2 a train sone arr to ane to the |

smatla NAt C ; : ; iovernor the gavel he used at Baltimore,

OFS te aoe es ee will Pc Col. Martin always does this to a Presi |

to the New Jersey committeeman, Robert | dential nominee. Mr. Bryan has received

1S. Hudspeth, to-morrow afternoon, and

lit will cover every important phase of

three and Judge Parker one. W. L.
Wilson and ie Thomas of Baltimore |
! ‘
| the campaign —permanent organization

nl Tg the Governor to stump |
' Maryland, but got i :
jeampaign plan, finance, subordinate or ry ut got no definite answer
‘coordinate officers, offices of committee,

The briefest visit of the day was made
by Bishop Walters of the African Metho-
| perhaps his own conception of the personal | dist Episcopal Church. “I juet came to
| activity of the Presidential nominee on the
‘stump.

tell you I am going to support you,” he |
said: “I don't want qything and I am on!
my way out now.” e went.

| Judging only by the expressions that] ~ ts 1

| have from time to time slipped out around

ithe present campaign headquarters at

T. R. FIGHT IN TAFT'S STATE.
Sea Girt, words let fall by visitors of note,

the indications are that William F. BEGHOVEE BiSaines 50 ae  Wemee;
McCombs will be favored for national Garfelad Saye.
jchairman, William G. McAdoo for treas-}| Co.omsus, Ohio, July 11—James R.
jurer, a strong Western man like Osborn | Garfield, returning from New York, where |
jof Wyoming for Western manager, Robert, he conferred with C». Roosevelt, an-
| Hudspeth for Eastern manager with the | nounced to-day that a full list of Roose-
| Secretaryship left for the committee itself | velt candidates for electors would be put |
up in Ohio.® He intimated it was unlikely |

to fill.
It is safe to say there will be no recom- | that a Roosevelt State or county tickets |
een ; would be placed in the field. ”

mendation for a campaign committee .

or any other subdivision of power which Pg 48 ereesnyeree nb aie ee
might harase or handicap the work of | will be purely voluntary. No steps have
|the man at the bead of the committee. | been taken, it is said, to select these dele-
| There will be some few suggestions on a} gates officially.

campaign plan, the basis of which will be = |
AMERICANS WERE CELEBRATING.

a demand for an aggressive, progressive
campaign in every State of the Union.
Investigators Make Preliminary Re-|
port on Panama Shooting.

The Governor will have considerable

jto say about finances. He will insist

that the treasurership go to a man who is

| very close to him and who is accessibleto| Wasttxaton, July 11.—Col. Greene

| the nominee, for Woodrow Wilson declared | 4nd other officers investigating the cir-

{to-night that he will exercise the strictest cumstances surrounding the wounding |

| censorship and supervision over the| of Americans marines and soldiers and |

campaign contributions. As proof of|the killing of one civilian by Panama |

ithat he has personally acknowledged | police in a brawl on the night of July 4, |
are still of the opinion that the police used |
their firearms more freely than the sit- |
uation warranted. |

every campaign contribution so far made.
Col. Greene has transmitted to the War

 

 

 

 

|

 

 

There have not been many, but he

‘had to Bign his name twenty times to-day
to as many letters acknowledging the
receipt of sums ranging from $1 to $200
and he will see to it that the name of every
feontributor to the fight is published in
accordance with the law.

“Are you going to acknowledge per-
sonally ‘every campaign contribution?”
he was asked to-night.

“So far as Lam able. I hope, however,
that it will soon be physically impossible
for me to do it.”

“Then it ia your intention to exercise
the closest supervision over contribu-
tions?”

“It is my duty to do that,” was the em-
yhatic reply.

; “Have at returned any so far?”

“No,” said the Governor with a laugh.
“They have been all right.” The small
contributions in large volume is the
Governor's idea of how it should be.

There is no doubt that the Governor is
strongly disinclined toward long speak-
ing tours. He will as much as ssible
make a front porch campaign, addressing
the faithful as they come to him. He
will take William McKinley as his model,
but he will make tours into doubtful
States within easy travelling distance.

makes it clear that the trouble arose out |
of holiday celebrations on the part of the
soldiers and marines. He and other)
officers with United States Minister Dodge |
will investigate further the question as |
to whether the use of firearms by the
Panama police was justifiable.

If, as now seems likely, the inves ti-
gators decide that the police were not
justified in firing eo freely on the Amer- |
icans, it is certain Panama will be asked |
to make reparation for the {conduct of !
the police. The fact that the Americans, |
soldiers, marines and civilians alike in- |

vo lved in_the fight were all unarmed,
while the Panama police were all heavily
armed, is emphasized in the Washingt
view of the affair as indicating that lack
of justification of the free use of firearms
by the police.

ORY OF THEFT JUSTLY

Department a preliminary report which|\Whole Fabric of Our Govern-

‘ISSUE: VOTES VS. FRAUD
‘In the

|to know that the charge of stealing the
Chicago convention of 1912 {s more than

on | campaign

Shalt Not Steal” in the current issue of s
the Outlook, and he proceeds to tell them! Never in Pay of Police, but Was at

 

 

 

   

"This store closes Saturday at 12.30P.M.

Saks & Company

Broadway at 34th Strect

¢

 

Continuing today and tomorrow

The Sale of Men’s : Suits

@ This is the semi-annual:sale of Saks suits for Men,
which is composed entirely’ of three-garment modecis at
the former prices named. The offering embraces all
of the seasen’s smartest styles,.in a wide range of fine
fabrics, light weights, and exclysive designs and color-
ings. The tailoring throughout.is the work of the Saks.
organization, which means that it is individual and dis-
tinctive, and not to be confused wi

ductions in ready-for-service wear.

Former Prices:

$28 $30 $35:$38 $40
at $23

There are two kinds-of suit sales—Saks
and the other kind. The other kind is
available any time. Saks. sales of suits
occur only twice a year. Enough said.

 

 

—-

Men’s Bathing Suits
regularly $3 and $4

today at $1.85 *.-

744 worsted bathing suits, unshrinkable in
quality, though they have shrunk in price.

G Bought Wednesday. Delivered Thursday. On
sale today to refute the tradition that Friday is un-
lucky. The maker offered them to us at a bargain

rice, at the time we were placing duplicate orders
or other bathing suits, doubtless on the theory that
one good turn deserves another. As bathing suits,
they are premier productions in the three and four
dollar class, and at the remarkable price of 1.85,
they have no equal in the archipelago of good values. |
@ Made of fine worsted. Correct in cut, capable in |
style. Quarter sleeves or sleeveless. Plainnavy and |
black, with red or white borders; Oxford or light
gray, with plain or fancy borders. All sizes, even up
to the Pickwickian 50. And all bargains, measured |

by the yardstick of price and quality. |

 

 

th theeaverage pro- *

 

 

“Numerous other cases

RAISED, SAYS COLONEL

 

as bad.
case was worse.”
ment in Danger, He ' The ex-Pres ident concludes:

Believes.

government by theft.

 

solentiy thrown down,

 

“Outlook,” the Con-
tributing Editor Again Talks
of the Convention.

participation therein.

the thirty votes inthe States he mentioned,
two from California, six from Arizona,
fourteen from Washington and eight from
Texas at large, would have defeated Taft.
“They would have reversed all the im- ;
portant action of the convention,” he says.
as clearly shown
by the minority of the National Committee
and by the minority of the credentials
committee of the convention-~-were just
As I have said, one Louisiana

No free people can afford to submit to
If the American peo-

3 ple are really fit for self-government they
will instantly take up the challenge which
a knot of political conspirators have so in-*
Non-resistance to
such treason against popular government
would be almost as reprehensible as active @

Both a great moral issue and a fundamen-
tal principle of self-government are involved

n the action of the so-called Republican

 

"The American people are entitled) mit to basic

and honesty which must

recrimination,” says Col. formof successful government,

Roosevelt in an editorial called “Thou

just how mucn more it is. Says the

Raid to Get News.

convention at Chicago, and we cannot aub-
mit to that action without being false both
principles of American de-
mocracy and to that spirit of righteousness
underlie every

FAIR PLAY FOR C, B. PLITT, JR.

Colonel:

TAFT TO VETO METAL BILL.

 

Cortelyou, “lie had been a menber of

Mr. Cortelyou gave every evi- a contribution, and it came to my notice ‘ahi It has not yet been decided whether Seriously and literally, President Taft's! Charles B. Plitt. Jr., who recently was
- ae ; : : the Cabinet, a man who had the apsolute will ac Gov. Wilson's —ae | , £ e of G ;

dence of ¢ aire e e CO ttee | and I said I did not pronoss to have the |i | rn : 4 ; : Mr. Hudspeth will act as Gov, : omination was stolen for him from the | acquitted in the Court of General Sessions

thes sy : ee de are pre paen ‘committes in the Peatllen of having eanfice h i And y sy of us associates spokesman at the National ¢ Omni ttion Will Kt Measure Revising Sched- | Sere and the ratification or re- 2B charge of shooting a pegro tt a police

wey learned watt , + : f : : > dong yeneve Tor # te at Mr. | ing -will carry a letter which wi ms raid, says he has been injured by reports

of the §!.900.000 raised for Roosevelt. ancspied contributions of any sort from | fyi. would have sanctioned at any time Sha faith hts tines” tha Governor hine| ule (f It Comes to Him, | jection of that FOO Oe ee Ee oe ie that he was acting as a "stool pigeon’ toc
r t sates } i isi , lealings tc f ata . | : i j i | iasue whether votes 0 16 police

Mr Cortelyou said the details of raising, qe thought the amount which the hehe at dar. EORnIG Rat Dane RiSOE Ty es!) | self had not fully made up his mindon this} Wasninoton, July 11.—President Taft | rap teatro American Presidents. | Lieut. Charles Becker, who was in charge

the m

i whe e went upstairs to-night
Mr. Cortelyou said he gladiv accepted | Fr cane on wow much he il
the fulland complete responsibility forthe | ging jt necessary to say and how care-
condu’ of the 1904 campaign. He said} pany it must be said. He has every
there wasnotthe slightest ground forthe | inelination to use the velvet hand instead
hints that had been thrown out that he! of the mailed fist, but he has both Isinds

ev had been handled by Mr. Bliss
and that
informatic

contribute

tobaceo people had offered to contribute
was between $30,009 and $40,000,
“Was it returned?” asked Senator Lea.
“It was returned on the spot,” sald
Mr, Cortelyou.

of the police raiders, says Plitt never was
in the pay of the Police Departinent but
thet he attended the raid to obtain infor-
ination to be sold to newspapers aid maga-
zines. Mr. Plitt is connected with a local
news ageney and makes a business of
selling

j | said to-day that he would veto the bill! ‘phere may have been loose or arbitrary
revising the’metal{schedule now pending decisions of individual contests before, but
in conference committees of Congress | this is the firat time—and it must be the last
if it came to him. | that a National Committee by conacious

He gave these assurances to certain ‘and intentional fraud deliberately trans-

he (Cortelyou) had little or no
nin regard to the individual |
He could not recall that!
any of the hig corporations had contrib-

re

 

uted to the Roosevelt fund.

“Il know very little about the contri-
Wtions to the campaign fund of 1904,
| knew very little at the time,” was

&%uesttn by Senator Clapp, chairman of

the committee,

G Ind vou know of any contribution
male bo Mr Harriman? A. I never heard
ofa tribution by Mr. Harriman

Q 1) ft von know of Mr. Harriman rats-
Ing foods for the campaign? A. T heard
of the so calied Harriman fund only well
OMer the lose of the campaign

Q Ard you mean to say that during the
AN paler you didn't know that Harriman
Was : a fund? A. Yes, sir, T mean
tn ag * that

Q 451 vou do not know that he con-
tote! snvthing? A. No, alr.

Didn't Get Hyde Money.

Mr Cortelyou added in reply to ques-
Hons that he did not know of any contribu-
tion having been made by H. McK, Twom-
bi Senator Depew on their own
MP ar dy else's behalf.
Iwombly are aupposed to have
f contributing to the Harriman
TT a Cartelyou did not know of

‘ition having been made by
livde. either in his own or any-

fried Mt.

hehall He did recall having
hi Vir Hyde had thought of mak-
tig rabcentmbution, but there wus
; toin in Mr. Cortelyou’s mind
On ¢} '

™ snow whether he did make
‘ htoibation?™ asked Senator

know as e matter of fact,’

” on | have understood
o did"

Ai

af the most interesting statements of

the way Mr. Cortelyou put it, in answer to,

The Senator |

Women Among Givers.

The witness conld not recall that the
steel trust,or anybody representing it
or any bank or railroad company had
made any contribution, Although he had

tribution he acknowledged that he had
known at the time in a general way that
there were contributions from individuals
ranging from $2,000 to $10,000, Several
of these contributions as high as $10,000
were from woren,

One of the committeemen wanted to

- Shop Girls ©
_Need a Rest

What the A. - ©, P. did for one is typical
of what you can help it do for hundreds of
others

Worry over her sick mother and overwork

as cashier ina restaurant brought this girl | §@ Paased It WIM Cont the Govern) nite answer

to the verge of nervous prostration. When
the fot weather came she had to quit work
‘The Association sent her to Sea Breeze for
' two weeks
and again helping to support her widowed
mothers home

| ihe needs of hundreds of others are just
} as urgent

| The Hot Wave Is Causing
| Much Suffering Amony the
| Tenement Mothers and babies.

We appeal for your ald te send these
dwellers of rear tenetuent, atte and base
foment thesieh, the erworked, the aucemie
to the seashore or country tor a day, a
week-end, aweek oras long astheir physical
condition demands
he cost is so stall in comparison with
them benefits and your pleasures Vill you
| help rows
Sond contributions to Kebert Shaw Min
nh, Treasurer, Room 2tt, 105 bast 22nd
| Street

 
   
    

 

  

 
 

BR. Felton Cutting, Peesideat.

no definite knowledge of any large con- |

She is now bealthy and bappe |

Be used the knowledge acquired by him
as Secretary of Commerce and Labor to
obtain contributions from corporations,
*I had no knowledge of the internal
affairs of the corporations ofthe country,”
siad he, “that was not Open to any other
American citizen, At the time Lresigned
Jto become chairman of the campaign
committee the organization of the Bureau
of Corporations of the Department of
Commerce and Labor was. still under
way. Theonly investigation by the
bureau upto that time related to a phase
of the beef trust and was a relatively un-
important matter,” on
Mr. Cortelyou submitted a statement
whith he had siarted to prepare several
months ago to give out in answer to
charges in the newspapers. ‘This state

ment contained in substance the facts
brought out in his testimony.

 

MILITIA PAY BILL REPORTED.

ment Ahout 86,000,000 a Year,

Wastixaron, July it.The
| Military Affairs Committee to-day favora-

 

i bly reported the militia pay Dill, whieh is!

designed to increase the efficiency of the
National Guard by compensating the
officers end enlisted men

It is estimated that the bill will entail

Fan expenditure of approximately $6,000,
ho oa year oon the Pederal Government
(Linder its terme enbisted tien Will receive
Jabout $i) and captains about $90 a year
The bil aatiiorices the Secretary of War
{tO TX @riitet rent pe puirenents

Phe povoof the goardscaen is based ona
percentage ot The stim tow pad to offices
land enlisted nienm in tie rewular ara

 

| ‘The masinituin pay to enlisted tien is tebe
J Zo percent of The salary ot
regular army and entistes

rivaetews in thie
treet) Ghee Pete

point Mr. Cortelyou made one| @ ¥. Association for Improving the Condition of the Poor} quired to attend at least twenty drills a

year,

\
House |

[i

in stock. alten
Champ Clark's reply to the invitation
to come to Sea Girt and talk it over came
learly to-day in the shape of a telegram |
iwhich merely named the day, the hour
of the arrival and the time of departure.

callers who had expreased to him some
alarm lest the bill might become a law.
He told them he doubted very much
; whether it would ever come out of con-
: | i if it di ‘ame i
Mr. Underwood's reply was similarly | ference. but that if it did and came to him
! brief, but did not name the day. His | for his signature he would certainly vetoit.
hooming will depend upon Congress.| The President explained that he had |
| These messages came before the Governor | stated to opponents of the measure that
lhed finished nn with his State business, !he would veto it and there was not the
Hro Which he insists upon devoting & per iod | slightest possibility that anything would
jof the morning, and they had no sooner) arise to change his expressed disapproval
iheen acknowledged than Kh. L. Jones, | of it, |
National Committeeman from Maine,
hawas on the front veranda ,
| Mr. Jones followed Senator Gardner,
lwho paid a visit last night, and he urged |
latronely that the Governor fone up ie
‘the Pine Pree State and help give the _ d
PDemoeratie fight a good boost. Mr. Casea—Vote 233 to 18,
Jones believes: the Democrats w !l swing Wastinaron, July i
i Maine again this year and get a COUDIE | nee
of extra Congressmen 1

He went away without receiving a defi-
All invitations receive the
sume reply now “no engagements can
be made at this time.” M

Mr. Jones tind net gone far on a way
ijwhea Harvey Gerber of Ohio, former
lar. ’ Laer s 7 Asta th vote He tinally vielded to the over-
. era telpsscct man and ardent, Wis Swhelming pnagority: teday and the mensure
SOMITE, are ‘ i

: PWas passed without debate
valk and told the Governor that he should | Vis Contempt bill bas been urged by
make at feast one set speech in Ohio
'

Funion taber for several years. Under it
1 Weare compe to earcy Ohio this fall sare! Gompers and other labor leaders,
bya macoritv reater than Harmon had,” ) now ader prison sentence for contort
maid he, “end bdo not care iP at's Patt ss

of court, Would be entitled to a jury trig!
Votive sta AsGov. Harmon had about |
1oo,000 in bis dast race, Mir Gerber's words
were ploasine
Sithoguh doh He MeCooey and his
Brookivn delegation paid: thea respects, |
lim was National Committeemen's day issued an order
to oadditi an to Mir. dones, who came first, to-day placiny the finanetal bureaus of the
aud Mer Bwines, hocame tate, ( ommitteee | Department under the papisdietion af Assist
mon Hecse Mohan of Arizona. Thomas d. pant Secretary Robert a) Bailes
iMeCue af Colorado, doin Ph MeCGraw of
Wiad \ ' nn? FO Golepn of Mis LEstrndieton Vremty Will Mamdnrne
vari appearcd chariungs: Cle clay and Tad
(their talks ‘These men are on their way
to Chieago by way of Sea Girt and they
made no concealment of the fact that they

 

 

 

It Provides Jary Trials in Contempt

}
The House to-day |
ed the Clayton bill, providing jury |
trials in contempt cases where the offence
is not committed in the presenco of the
© ourt

‘The vote was 2323 ayes to 18 noes. Minor-
ity leader Mann has opposed the bill vigor-
ously and by filibustering tactics has delayed

 

Anadrew's Successor tn Vrenanry Dee
partment,

WASHINGTON, aby
MacVeaug of the Preisury

it Secretary

Wasimincras, duly ti Ratifleatyons of
anew extradition treaty between the t oited
States and the Repabile of Honduras hive |
been erchanged at the Vepartment of

ad come to renew their declarations } state, i

¥

| formst

|
he minority of a national convention |
into a majority and thereby substitutes the | vindication of hia conduct
brute power of a committee of professional | with the police raid
political bosses for the expressed will of the | : —
people as a whole,

These statements are capable of mathes |
matical demonstration, More than enough
delegates to make up Mr, ‘Vaft's majority in
the convention were aeated there by con-
teats ao transparently fraudulent that honest
doubt could not and did not exist in regard
to them. President Taft was renominated
by a majority of barely twenty-one votes,
and two of these were publicly raped at the
last moment from Massachusetts, If there-
fore, more than nineteen or twenty-one of
his votes were demonstrably fraudulent,
all claim to an honest majority disappears,

In

Shetland Polo Coats the new
top coat for women; highly ap-
propriate for seashore and moun-
tain wear; made of two-tone
all-wool Shetland Clo@j, 47 in.
long, Robespierre collar, turn-
back cuffs, pateh pockets, silk

 

‘The demonstration can be made as to many | Braid binding; Hatt and dark
more than this number without touching | shades; Rpecia $13 50
on a single honestly debatable case, | at. a .

He then considers the cases of Cali- |
fornia, Arizona, Washington and Texaa,
which he says give him enough votes
to wipe out any margin, Three of these
cases he says, California, Arizona and |
Washington, are attacks upon the direct |
primary, since in California the delegates

White Buckskin Shoes = and
Pumps—for women and misses;
built’ on the latest fashionable
lines and possessing merits far
in excess of their price Pumps
$3.08 and #4.08,

were elected by direct vote aS preferential and Soa
. ries andin Arizona and Washington . ? 4 9 ’
primaries anc eee ee eatin ase shoes, e ae

the control of t
pended upon which of two rival dele-
gations were seated from certain counties,
“the one set elected by the Kepublican
voters at primaries regularly called and
the other set arbitrarily appointed by
bolting minorities of county committees,”

“The State committees in each case,
he suys, “seated the appointed delegates
and the National Committee approved
' action.”
; When he comes to Texas he saya that
the committee reversed its own ruling,

“In the (to be sure improbable) event
of Texas going Republican,” he says
The tnomatous condition will be presented
of the Republican candidate tor Present
receiving the votes of electors whore
credentials had haat hi redtitecd by the |
Republican National Committee.

Mr, Roosevelt says that the change ot |

Women's Fine Bathing Suits
in peau de cygne or black satin;
Duteh neck and neatly tucked
inset sleeves; handsome pane!
front; finished with dainty bur-

tons, at, $5.98 and $7.98

respoct=
ALES TRAGITR

9 eignele\

LGUINGTOM TS
SPANES97 0007S.

oe

News sSugrestions to newspapers,
His trial on the charge of homicide was 1
in connection

Season:|