SIE | RS

Sa

—_

 

3

 

i
A

soe

oth

SRE SE ee oe

a a

a, EES

 
 

 

i
&
Y

 

 

 

4 4

EW POLICE THEORY 0

Julia Connors Not Killed in
Bathroom, but Outside,
Detectives Say,

LACK OF FINGER PRINTS
Draguet of Suspects Has So Far
Brought Not One Bit of
Evidence,

 

Completely baffled by the canning of
Nttle Julia Connor's murderer, the detec-

tives were forced vesterday, after follow. |

ing blind leads for five days, to construct
anew theory of the crime. ‘They are now
working on the supposition that the mur-

houee at 3068 Third avenue, and that the |

murderer deliberately planned to
the police off the track by placing evi
dences of the crime in the bathroom of the
unocenpied third floor apartment at S968

A conference of the detectives held last
Hight brought out the reasons why they
fow believe that the man who tortured
the twelve-year-old girl to death sought to
insure bis safety by misleading the police
as to the place.

There is not 4 spot of hlood anywhere
in the vacant apartment except in the
bathtub. And a painstaking and micro-
seopizal study of these stains leads to the
belief that they were applied by the mur-
derer for the purpose of making if appear
that he had held the child in the tub while
he siabbed her. The most expert of
Capt. Joseph Faurot’s fingerprint special
jate have not been able to obtain a single
photograph of value. The negatives,
thease men repor! show nothing but smears
and formless smudges. And no ordinary
moisture prints were obtainable from
woodwork or metal or glass. Price's in-
vestigators, among Whom are the most ex-
Perienced, intelligent and successful of
the detective bureau, are unable to believe
that the murderer cowd have kept Julia
in that apartment for hours without leay-
ing aside from the bathtub stains some
record, however minute, And nowhere in
the bare apartment is therea fresh mark of
a foot or a hand

Reexamining the hallways, the stairs,
the fire escape, the dumbwaiter and the
cellar of the house at 3968, the detectives
found the same absence of marks which
they think would have been left if Julia's
body had been carried from the vacant
apartment and then taken to the vacant
lot through the swinging door in the back
fence. There is not a spot of blood on
the pulley ropes of the dumbwaiter or the
uprights of the fire escape or on the cellar
doors or fence door objects that the
murderer would have been forced to touch
if he had removed the body by any of these
aids. That feature seemed to Price's men
to he especially significant because no
Water was turned on in the bathroom
and the murderer had no opportunity
to wash his hands in the house,

A third reason which influences the
hunters of the child slaver is that nobody
of the many in the thin walled and echoing
house heard the slightest alartoing sound
last Saturday night, although many were
wakeful and up late at night or in the
early hours of the morning. The question

which the detectives put last night wus:!

Would it have been possible for the mur-
derer to have kept the child for hours
and to have come and gone without some-
body hearing or seeing something that
would have resulted in an instant alarm?

Even if Julia had been drugged andi that
roppibility has been discarded peope

iving in apartments Whose open windows |

Were within a few feet of the windows
of the vacant apartment must tive heard
Gomething that would have aroused sus
Picion,

A tourth argument used by the deter
tives against placing the erimiue in

 

is

ja that it is almost impossible to ioagine |

that a man could have taken etiaa inte
the house without being observed iy
Weinberg, the delicatessen mati. or Isa
the but. he, whose shops are oon either
side of the only entrance, or else by sore
of their numerous customers who knew
Julia and who were marketing: at the
time she was supposed to have been diored
Into the house

And so the police have assumed for the
time being, at any rate, tuat Sutin was
detained and stabbed in some otter botuse
or cellar not far removed from the vacant
jot and that alter disposing of (he tbody
the murderer carried the eroihing to the
Vacant apariment at hus, placed
clothing in the bathtub se as te joave
blood stains and then ripping oileloth
from the kitchen floor covered the eloih-
ing and carried ioalsoto the vacant lot

{1 is possible, they think, that t!
left Julia's braid com) in the tb
purposely, and that woth the sane

  

 

oman
iroon

(les gen

 
   

of dece:ving the police he bad cut off the
child's hair tor the purpose of leaving
Btranus of tioim the bathtub Phew do
not heheve thal the wooden wos in whieh

the hody was partly Iving when it was
found was ever in the vacant apariment
The detectives admitted that ite new
theory may be overthrown by the revela
tions of the next few days, but (hey insist

that there are more reasonable features

to the reconstructed theory than applied |

to the originat supposition that the ermune
Was committed where the blood
were found

Th twenty ple

plitilis

n clothes men who

are

|
sentineling the neighborhood of the va- |

cant iot are overiooking no lead, however |
slight. Capt. Price is particulariv anx
ious to tind Harry Foeler, the mine
year-old boy who was an assistant in
M. Isaacs’s butcher shop at 8068 Third |
avenue, and who is missing There js
nothing whatever to connect young Fog
ler with the case. But gossip placed him |
in the neighborhood Jas! sunday morn. |
ing and since that time he has not been
seen, Mrs [siaes, the wife of the butcher
toli THE SUN reporter vesterday, low
ever, that Harry sailed for Kurope ten
days ago to visit his sister in Russia
Mrs. Isaacs insisted that she had
the young man's steamship ticket
Ancther gerap of information tas to do!
with a young man whose name the police
will not reveal, but who lives near the
house at $068) The poles admit that he

 

 

seen

has not been seen since Sunday and that ;-

they have a story that when he was last |
seen his face was scratched They have!
been told that this young man was known
to have accosted children, that te spent
most of his tine loafing in Crotona Park
and jhat he had had trouble with bis
mother on several occasions {

A story which accused an old man, a
jack of all trades, in the neighborhood ot
Third avenue and 178d street of assault-
ine the daughter of Mrs
who fives at $959 Third avenue. was
Investigated by the police yesterday on
the possibility that it might have a bear
ingon the Connors case But Mra Sachs
maid that the old man was qnite harm
less and that even when he was driaking
he had never annoyed any mem er ot he:
family seriously

The investigation has led so far to the
arrest of nine men, but nothing has boon

  

throw |

  

The excitement and alarm produced
lying sections of the city by the murder
of Julia Connors resnited “yesterday in
activity
have large
stations in

Isplay of poltee
that

\\ remarkable
From

In reenforcing squads
pprecinets to cover

| downtown New York and Brooklyn, 140) And

hot only in The Brons but in other out- |

TH

 

HOW 10 COOK LOBSTER

Also Instructed Brooklyn

men were transferred to The Bronx, ° . :
(Coney Island, Bath Beach, Staten Island | Not to Soak It in
jand other territory where there have been | : .
pcomplaints of inadequate potice om | Sauces,

tion and oof nsints to women and girls. | a »
Seven additional men were sent) to the | aaa
Fremontavenue station,which isthe police ALL ABOARD THE

destriet

j centre of the
Capt

Contiors case

affected by

Brennan of this

stition immediately doubled) the patrol! Barf No Details

force in Crotona Park

| MOCK DUCK GOING HOME.

' -
| Hip Steg Lender nnd Uartner Pree

| pare to Lenve New Vork,

The story eame frota Chinatown ves-
lterdav that Mock Dueck, leader of the
Hip Sing Tongs and the man behind the
hig games of chance on Pell street, in-

police will let him, te slip out to San Fran.
feiseo and then over to China
With him will go Wong Gett, who

Mock Duck's partner and) possessor of

a good share of the brains that run their |

 

Various enters Whether or
tte pare Wonld return to New York was a
qnestion that interested every one in
Tthe warring brotherhoods vesterday,

Those who know them = thougtt
they would
ing out of the sleeves
irequentiv and

roses

hot

tthe On Leongs
effectively of

the |
!
{
|

| Iinag

| j
7 jtonds to leave New York as soon as the | ‘ters City allward sped all tluttere
der Was not committed in the apartment | ‘ porters City Llallward sped all fluttered

Are Got From
job Adamson to Lend Ar-
tistic Verisimilitude.

“A lobster
with

should be served

suLiCe, but a bit of

‘egestas MAYOR SHOWED THEM |
BRON CHILD MURDER

butter,” 80 |

SUN, FRIDAY, JULY 12,
= . a

JOKE ON LILLIAN RUSSELL.
Prencher Tells ot rener Incident at
Her Latest Bridal Dinner.

|
|
| Mippierows, Conn, July if.- The Rev,
(FO. Lewis, DD), pastor of the First Meth-
lodist Episcopal Church of Pittsburg, who
linarried the actress Lillian Russell and
Alexander P. Moore, publisher of the Pitts-
hurg Leader, in that city last month, tells
(a funny incident which occurred ata dinner
| party at the Hotel Schenley which followed
| the ceremony
| Fay Templeton, Lew

William Collier,

PA T ROL | Fields and other friends of the actress were

matrimonial ventures
who is a friend of Dr
upon the clergvman'’s right. Suddenly
, Mr Moore showed interest about the
j Marriage certificate whieh Dr. Lewis had
}sitned and handed to him.

“Is this all let?" asked Mr. Moore, finger-

The bridegroom,
Lewis, was seated

SANS | ing it dubiously

Dr. Lewis explained that if he wished he

! ‘
Brooklyn says Mavor Gavnor says. And; Weuld give him a small booklet containing

he'd
ere

utter more cooks
home he sped, re-

so with
thoughts

hopes

!
jand a-sputter.
The hour was late- the Mayor had) want a book?"

ie | Bone,

j Sherry!
that i
‘he wons have teen by -| , i '
Phe wins have been bark ‘reporters cried, "'twon't do!

late and | the Mayer's alone concerned when we

Up spoke his secretary, the Hon-
Adamson,

“Tim very sorry, very.” said Robert,
“Whey don't all of you go up and get
your interview from Shanley, Boldt or

or-able

“That Adamson,”

You'll see

would not do, Bob

China is a much sater place than Pell) unfold to you that Brooklyn says that

sipeet

MRS. WHITE WAS WILLING

THAW SHOULD GO FREE: cs ra

Attorney,

 

Whirk Puatns, Julw it -Following
a day in court in which the lawyers for
Harry K. Thaw seomed to think his side
had seored heavily the hearing as to his
present condition came to an end at 4:30
o'clock this afternoon
on for eighteen days

Justice Keogh will hear Clarence JJ
Shearn, chief counsel for Thaw, kum up
on ‘Tuesday morning at
in New Rochelle. Mr. Shearn will also
submitabrief. Special Deputy-Attornev-
General William T. Jerome said that he
would not sum up, but he would
it to vour Honor’s imtelligence.”

One of the witnesses to-day was Allen
W. Ewarts, who was counsel for Mre
Stanford White. He testitied that during
the first trial ot Thaw he
with Louis Delafield and the District
Attorneys office, He said: “I sent
word to Mr. Delafield’s office that so far as
Mrs. White was concerned she
desire to
Thaw."

Mr. Shearn considered this an im-
portant point as tending to substantiate
Thaw’s statement that there was a plan
on the part of his lawvers and the District
| Attorney's office to railroad him to an

It had been going

his chambers

“leave

comumutieated

had no

msist on the punishment of

wsy ium

In the eourse of the day about twenty
keepers, jailers and fospital attendants
who have had to do with Thaw in the
{last seven Vearms gave testimony, and
fall of them said that he had never be-
traved to them any of his alleged delu-

 

 

 

  

 

 
 
 

 

|
fin

yesterday his Honor cooked, at Rock-
away, two lobsters—-count ‘em--two.,
The Mayor, so comes the yvarn to us,
Heu of Jengthy stroll late yester-

| day went down the bay aboard the ship

| Patrol

|

i

jsters, sir, nor rated so,’

|
ai \
Her Counsel Testifies That) Hel '¥e
So Told the District
|

And then
the cops the

when Rockaway he
coppered vessel

where billows roar and roll.

‘And have you lobsters here‘
‘Not one, eried one (so Brooklyn says);
folks here on this pler ain't lob-
‘Dear me!’ the
Mayor cried. ‘Dear me, no! You mis
construe, | fear’

“And thereupon the Mayor explained
(so) Brooklyn says) his wish; he did
not seek the human kind of lobster, but
the fish. And so a Jobster man turned
loo two shelltish much
moose to grace his Honor’s dish. He
took ‘em to the coppers’ boat) and
copped a copper kettle—so Brooklyn
and watehed it) boil till steam
from the metal. And Dilly Kennel

ashore,

 

Save
rose

melted butter and listened to the lob-
Sters sputter, then took them = off to
settle.”

The point that Brooklyn makes right
here, Bob Adamson was told, is that
when both the fish were served Grant
Smiff. the chef. made bold to bring forth
things like mMayoun ise and tartar sauce
and hollandaise. Whereat the Mayor
cried, “Hold!

“A lobster should be served sans
sauce, With but a bit of butter.’ so

Mayor Gaynor there-
utter, “Dear me, dear
you cooks see that suuce on
And Smitf fled

Brooklyn says
Upon arose to
me, can't
lobster should not be?”
all a-flutter,

The tule now told, reporters asked for
Robert's ver'fication And Bob arose
and cleared his throat and gave forth
this dictation
}do not know And don't
Now

And sought the subway station

And therefore not a soul can say the
Mayor thinks we should fetter our lob-

}do not know

call up St) dame. a

 

 

pnot be released ’” was Shearn's last ques-

Sophia Sachs, |

 

 

like big bull]

july 9, arrived in Los Angeles.

| The two young men, each carrving a

|

;ago

|

|

 

! 2 ster’s claws With sance pvew-gaws, or
sions, though he talked freely with them. j whether the id be better aceording to
Phe taking: of testimony ended after |.) :
Mrs. Mary Copley Thaw. La Ihaw's his Honors taste with but oa bit of
jmother. and Mrs. George Carnegie his] butter baste unless he writes a letter
sister, had testified as to a statement of | but folks were met who seemed to take
Dr Hamilton when Thaw was in the |an attitude judicial, essumine thot bis
Pombe , @he part of the statement said | Honor said that henceforth its ais wish
jthat Wiiham thaw, father of Harry Thaw, | ai jooste Ys should be soroed Gadressed
had an ungovernabl. temper and when , '
enraged world throw himseaf on the us if his Honor had expressed a
jfloor and bite at the furniture. Both | ®uling that’s official
Mrs ‘Thaw and her daughter nad told} "The Mayor is wrong, the Mayor is
, Dr Hamilton, who was one of the Toaw | wrong’ The dresing should be lavish’
alien Pe at 4 aie Sree Re CAB | this erled one maiden whe Was sought
but they, said. { Hamilton replied. | where showgirls charm and ravish: for
romind. Tet it weooin ott will all! ; Peat ;

lelp Mrs. Thaw als oi witha Widows” and the hios Maids" still
Louis Delafield told ’ Pomtav ple [eavert on Broadway Hark! the shrill
Was the or fefenen for ter ‘ } Anita Jane MeTavist
| John dor on of ti at sece dias "A | ter shorld be all primped up,
the ‘Tombs restaurant Testeiet toatl sa Miss MeTavish said, “with mayon-
See a | ioe 4 Ae Re ; fhe} vise and hollandaise, then served upon |
aa Fai d i and Ni ae lini A test one to ted oof salad made of fresh green
Atloriuev-taeneral Gr May. Wao ir. |b Is, With vellowbacks draped round the |
Jerome had said, wa avayv from New | 8i and pearl eves in its head."

Yors because be was afraid ae would bel And stil another expert seen, Miss
Caled as a Withoss by the Stat | Millie Murray, thinks a selitalre stuck
Fhaw alms, wupyortan: the mmonnmg | Mere, wad there between the lobsters
sesston the testumone of Dr Willtan: A chinks has brightened up her appetite

hii, old dear, on many a night where

 

!
|
|
White and emphasized his own testiraony \é
} |
1

 

 

tless They are addressed to the Coy.

 

of tistorical facts, his interest in) good
reading and some of his writings.”

Dr Mills took a slap at Mr. Jeroma for
what he termed “upside down use of
evidence.” "You can't make a case
out-of the etiology of an individual: the
heredity and history of aman. The first,

jservices were in demand. She says
(| Williams insisted that she xive up her
stage cCareeer, and relying on his
surances “prepared toa become a

member of society In which he claimed

us-

she

ang to do is to establish the person's; te moved and was entitled to move
insiiity and then explain at poy his wealth and position.”

2 “In this case.” Dr Mills continued, | The plaintiff says Willliams put. off
poor heredity and a bad medical history !ithe marriage on various pretexts until
are being used to show that Thaw onght 1407 he asa ‘

'o be insane even if he is not. Thaw's ))°26 When, because he had

wish to hive his food at the Tombs tasted |™arry her, she sailed for Italy to study

Was a thormal desire Vd want a Chinese lvolee, He went to Paris in that year
dinner tasted tnyself. Tt is a very com. and begged her to return te Amertiea,
mon belief that jailers wish to harm their! and renewed his promise of murriage,

prisoners,”

‘ her stery rons, at the same time prom-
“ts there any reason why Thaw should ;

ising to settle life insurance of $40,000

Williams proprietor of the | route as Jagerschmidt, going by way of | deaths and eleven prostrations from heat
| Hotel York, Who is well to do, was sued | Seattle, Vladivostok and Paris.

an actress with # good income and her!

i Yew

failed to) (Buick)

' Bailes

ithe words of the marriage ceremony and his
‘signature as the officiating clorgyman
; Mr. Moore looked relieved and turned
| toward his wife, who was seated several
, seats down the table on the other side, and
called: “Lillian, how about a book; do we
| Mrs. Moore looked puzzled and showed
that she did not understand what he meant
lo make himself more explicit Mr. Moore
waved the marriage certificate vigorously
which he held in his hand and called back
‘Do we want a book?”

Suddenly Mrs. Moore's face lighted up,
showing that she understood.and casting her
sweetest smile at the certificate which her
husband was waving, replied reproachfully
“Oh, no, Aleck, L haven't enough to make
a book.”

CIRCLE THE WORLD
IN THIRTY-NINE DAYS

Two Americans Started) From
Los Angeles June 8 as Result
of Wager.

 

 

Los ANGELES, July 11. - The records for
Jencircling the glohe have been smashed
by FE. J. Scott and J. A. Allan of Phasnix,
Ariz., who set out June 3 from Los Angelos |

and made a circuit of the globe in. thirty- | ™
They ended their trip to-|

day, the last stage being from New York, ‘SQUALL BREAKS HEAT: |
where they arrived July 2. ’ |

Nine dave.

Steamers and railway trains at high!
speed were used to assure the record being
lowered by the voung = globetrotters,
who were Jnughed at when they first sug-
gested its feasibility.

Japan, Siberia, tussia, Germany,
pair.

Their expenses were borne by a number
of bankers of Phonix, who made the |
wager that the trip could not be made. |
D. F. Robertson, manager of the steam-

ship denartment of the Citizens Trust
and Savings Bank here, under whose
auspices the young men started out,

admitted that they had won the wager
and had shattered the world's record for
continuous travel

The {tinerary of the travellers was as
follows:

June 1, P. M., left Los Angeles; June
8, sailed from Seattle, steamship
Maru; June 14, arrived at
dune 16, left) Viadivostok
Siberian Railway, June
Moscow, Russia; June
Paris; July 4, arrived in

Ava
Yokohama; |
Via Trans- |
arrived at
arrived at |
New York; |

   

suit case, left Los Angeles about six weeks |
They said they were going on “a
little trip.” ‘To-day they dropped |
into Seattle, and to mumerous acquaint - |
ances who inquired where they had been |
they yawned and answered quite casually,
“Oh, just around the world.” \
rhe former record was made by Andre |

| Jager-Schmidt, a reporter on the #yr-

velar, who made the trip around the
world in 38 days 19 hours 43 minutes and

'
137 4-5 seconds. He set out to accomplish |

the feat in 40 davs, cutting Jules Verne’s |
celebrated accomplishment exactly in

j half, and although he succeeded in doing |
jit he had a number of narrow escapes

|
The steamer Empress of Japan, on which |
he crossed the Pacific, encountered a ty-
phoon just off Vancouver, and Jager-

) Present and the bride had had to undergo
; Some pleasant chafing about her numerous

France and England were visited by a Das’s Maximum of 89 Degrees

+ VON a eae,

 

912.

590 0900000009 90099000000 000

’ ‘

* Take Two Days Off‘and See
. the Switzerland.of; America

There‘is no scenery.in‘America East of,the
Rocky}Mountains! that compares'in/grati-
deurgand beauty, withthe pictureaque
Lehigh Valley., ‘And‘alljthis*beauty,.ai]
this}jugglery.of|mountaias,jlakes, valleys:
and'rivers lies in\the lap of/a‘districtythat
the,Lehigh Valley. Railroad lias converted
intojone of ‘the’ great{thoroughfares)East
and*‘West.

Through this beautiful.valley; around the

fectof these towering mountains; smoothly

‘and swiltly/flash theJf.nest, most luxt-
riously,appointed trains in}theiworld,” the

famous Black Diamond Express and its com:
cet panion‘trains,connecting fouriof our.great |2

F metropolitan cities—NewjYork. Brooklyn, |¢
Philadelphia, (Newark, with |Buffalo, |?
Rochester, ‘Niagara Fallssaid thehWest.

Lehigh Valley Railroad |}

Railroad and Pullman, Tickets ‘delivered

  
 

 

* e ionaen : ” :
at home‘or /of:ice’ on’ request. x
New York: 1460 Broatway, near 42nd St.. Telephone 4212 Revent. 4
41 Broadway, corner Walker St., Telephone 16" Franklin.
9 Broadway, corner Wall St.. Telephore 436 Rector. ai f
Hudsan Tubes, ddd St. and Broadw aye Telephone 6x69 Madican a, 4
Hudson Tudes. Cortlandt and Church Stg., Telepione 4200 Cortlandt
BrooWlyn: 30 Flatbush Ave. Telephone 97 Main.
e Newark; 211 Market St.. Telephone 267 Market. §}
e a
w
™ 2 &

 

   

 

e Provident Loan Societ

Th

Loans from $1 to $1000 upon pledge |
of persona! property.

 
 

 

HOT AGAIN TO-MORROW

|
y
OFFICES |
; MANHATTAN & BRON
| Fourth Avenue cor. 25th Street.
| Eldridge Street cor. Rivington Strae: ,
Seventh Ave. bet. 48th & 49th Streets,
Lexington Avenue cor. 124th Street
Grand Street cor. Clinton Street.
Courtlandt Avenue cor 148th Stree:,
BROOKLYN

 

INTEREST RATES

One per cent. (1%) per month or
fraction thereof.

One-half per cent. (199%) charged
upon loans repaid within two weeks|Graham Avenue cor. Detevolse St |
from date of making. ' Pitkin Avenue cor. Rockaway Ave.

   

|
Adds One Death, 12 Pros- |
trations to the List.
|

       
      
   

COOLER TO-DAY PERHAPS

   
 

 

But Warmth Out of the West Is

Due to Hit Us, Says “| en hour, a girl was killed in Cauridee |
’ aS | when she ran into a live wire which ha
Forec aster, been broken. down, and a boy met death |
'in Everett by being struck by a bolt.

A black squall that had been gathering} One apartment house in the Back Bay
for some time in the west broke over this! Was hit, but no damage was done.
city vesterday afternoon, bringing with }dn Cambridge the Inman Street Uni- |

3 ' . ‘ on - :
it some relief from the steady heat of the vergalist Church was struck, the bolt

 

. : ; hattering the steeple, |
past several days and scattering a little | * : L : 4 E : ae :
rain on the parched herbage and dusty a ene Panini ~~ ate a ane | Eastern Teachers Talk of Form-
’ » city i , ine o e 5 » Me | =
Mitente OF the city Desicee: WaRRInE Out bie Nahant one and other places had to | inga Separate Or-
atmosphere a little.

; tu vut their firemen in the drenchin
The storm clouds which had been bank- PTS 8

 

ganization.

 

; , ; rain.
ing in the west during the forenogn broke pia Ha iets e |
at about 2’ o'clock and the whole storm | |
lasted until about 5 o'clock, during which | SHOW FOR TITANIC ARCH. | CHIcaco, July 11.—Talk of forming an
lime seventeen-hundredths of an inch of enedtiic ees | Eastern education association owmg |»

. 179 Raise Money Planned at
rain fell. The squall stirred up the mod- ei

é ; the tactics employed by the Chicago
: . - > - : > :
erate westerly wind that furnished some John Hays Hammond's Place, members of the National Education Assv-
comfort during the night and morning; ‘The estate of John Hays Hammond | ciation was in the air here to-day
toa brief gale of forty-five miles an hour neat Siopeeners ae ' ye on a day 3 4 Misa Grace C. Strachann of New York.
oi ie . ast week in August be thrown open to the) y ‘ : : a
which fanned the hot city very agree- public for an elaborate benefit garden party who led her forces up against a high power
ably. which is ‘9 be given under the auspices of | machine that rode over them full speed,
a ‘ / 28.000 clubwomen of the nited States i ibili i a
; The temperature after the storm fell | folgetinohay for auneniorial‘arsh inc Wieke | said the possibility of forming such a so.
from 89 degrees, the highest point in the ington in honor of the nen who died on the | ciety had not reached the point of formal
day, reached at 1 o'clock, to 76 degrees petit: saute Hammond nhih nae if discussion, but that such an alternative
st . . ‘ u rine 1 one yy V }, , 2 5 : .
at 5 o'clock, and from that time on into Hilal Ae an open air amphitheatre. This | was in the minds of many Eastern dele-
the evening the thermometer registered | part of the entertainment will be in charge | gates,
ab leursen {Of Eric Pape. The tea house will be open If the efforts to make the present asso-

 

: , {one (and refreshments will be served there. The
Schmidt missed theContinental express he} ‘The cooler weather that Mr. Scarr prom- | Committee of the clubwon ave. Cone

‘ ; n
had planned to take. In New York he ised came. but now he saya it is all too) ferred with A. L. Erlanger ana he has |
sent his only pair of trousers out to be! brief and that the gentle westerlies that! assumed the respo. sibility of providing
pressed and he got them back only a few! fan us will carry on their wings acme | the entertainment for the open air theatre |

i ‘ . Oly » | . ‘hich is gathering near the clubwomen e endeavoring to have
ie before his boat, the Oly nipie, more, hs oF vs middie Western dis- Chey hole affair fashioned arter the command |
§ ‘ A i Lege : : erforn ry " POE I i

At Cherbourg the Olympic was met by a/ tricts, and this ought to strike this city |V@pormunces, given to rovalty in England

_ President Tatt will attend and Mrs. ‘Taft
speedy motorboat, chartered by the news- | by to-morrow is One of the committee of one hundred who |

 

at Thaw is san tis treedom would [midnight sunshine blinks paper on which Jager-Schmidt was; One man died of the heat vesterday | have charge of the affair. Mrs. John Hay
j fol be @ mm lane € 3 patric jemployed, and the lobe trotter | and, there ange, twelve prostrations, 6 chairman and sire. conn Haye Hammond

yo Mills (estified that he saw nothing | o carried to shore, put in a big automobile | Michael Tindeck of 613 West Forty-second | 8° G oo Probadly Oe
abnorisi tre so-culled Delmas letters | WOMAN'S $50,000 CLAIM. | racer and rushed to Paris * ae arrived | street was found unconscious at the foot | repanier. at BORER RO ee ere 6
vod “be newsp per clipping accompanied | ; about four hours ahead of his forty day |jof Forty-eighth street and the North Among the other women trom all parts of
by Thaw’s comments, As for the two] (etress Saes Menes G. Willlame for | schedule. Hb was the idol of the ‘cafés | River. He died before an ambuiance | the country who are on the committee of
letters to Gov. Dis the witness said: “Hf |} eee : ' and boulevards for a whole week. arrived | one hundred are
Punderstand the tinacy jaw in this State, | reach of Promise, Allen and Scott followed the same|. In Brooklyn the police reported three! Mrs. Andrew Carnegie Mrs. H. A. Strong
letters from ininates can be suppressed Henry G Mure voseph Choate Mrs. Harry Panye Whit

Mrs, Grover Cleveland hey
Mrs, Elbert H. Gary

This is | during the day.

 

: . i ' uM ¢ Mrs. Garrett Hobart
eru So haw addressed bis to Gov lvesterday for $50,000 damages for, Known as the Siberian route. It was The dead: Mrs. William J. Gaynor Mrs. Charles B. Alex
) Vix in order that they would be for. | °°" r A ; \first traversed by Harry Frederick, an s0Pp 2 Weat Sec-| Mrs. Charles Dana Gib- | ander
woe is al " {breach of promise by Ruth LL. Trufant . : " we | LEOPOLD, MICHAEL, 68, 2804 West Sec
warded ” The witness also suid Thaw has | ' ve “), Englishman, who in 1908 circled the globe | on4 atrect. Coney [sland view imcGildarsiany Miss Sadie American
ooeertain amount of altrdism, that he js an actress, She alleges Chat after in-| in 34 days 7 hours and 20 minutes. Nellie | CONLEY, jufant, 8 monthe old, of 815 | Mise Tene leerr Mrs Ghatan cite’ |
fant and understands conditions ducing ber te give up her career he! Bly left New York on a trip around og Pile sas aVAnii ous Mrs, Seth Low Mrs. Charles \. Falr. |
i Ties Wan and that nothing could be refused to marry ber and admittted | world in 1880 and returned a fraction | LEROY Mrs. ELIZABETH, 5¢ years, of | Mrs Donald Metean banks
io Ane” th ral than that he should wish | he couldn't because he had a wife. jover 72 days later” She followed the | 276 Viftth street Mis wis eoren, e tee POG, Harmon
re 3 : aunt! : y Ir | : L ' 27 { st t ; j d i ek arriman
tinw, 2 “ovemor know these con-) Miss Trufant says that In D0 Oe ee aes V teen chews ee a ure “Herbert Wade. fie; Reniamla Harriton
Hons . Hees ; ops ae vp | ahs »yped o t > swe own Mrs erbert ads- Mrs. Mary Garrett

Phaw'’s mind, said Dr Mills, “might 104, Williams promised to marry her book LIGHTNING KILLS HAYMAKER. worth Mrs William R. Hearst |

he called brilliant in view of his memory Within a year At that time she was scicematpisioniabeceiineenesbasion erent, ae p-cuaninarpetiiemnacaanh

NORDICA CAN SUE NOW.

Appellate Court Saya She Wann't to |
Blame for the Law's Delaya,

THE TOURISTS.

Yorkers Who Are Trytng New
ingland Ronda by

Strikes Pitchfork and Knocks Fel-
low Worker Unconactous,

During the thunderstorm yesterday
afternoon one man was killed by light-

Auto,
The Appellate Division of the Supreme

Watkhnery, Conn, July i. New rk . Pega ; ?
ers arrieica by automobile at the yore ning and another badly injured while at) Court reversed yesterday an order of the
{Eitom:) Mr. and Mrs. Edwin A. Fiteh. en {work in @ hay field at Thirty-third street | lower court which dismissed a suit brought

j by Lillian Nordica, the singer, against the ,
. Southern Railway Company for 850,000
15 years damages on the ground that the plaintilf

He and her attorneys had made no effort to |

route to Boston, Mass (Lanier, ©. ©. Riee jand Mitchell avenue, Flushing
and 4. Solotnou, en route to the Berkshires | Patrick O'Neill, married and
Mrs WOR. Thrakie, Mes. William old, of 21 Taylor avenue, was killed, i ‘ (
Miss May Sherwood and H. Fj was loading hay on a wagon which was | fave the auit brought to trial since it was |
on ideal tour (Pierce Arrow) in charge of Vito Lemo, 17 years old, of | The singer, who is Mrs. George W, Young, .|
Proisrirtn, Mass, tuly i. New York |16 Myrtle avenue, Flushing, O'Neill was! was on a concert tour through the South |
vutomobile tourists registering at the | pitehing hay on the wagon when there | When her private car was in’ a collision |

touring bureau in the Hotel Wendell to-day | came a blinding flash and he fell to the and she in thrown trom her bed 4 bill of |
were Mr. and Mis WoO) Leniha, New York | sround partic ulars showed she suffered a financial

Oss of 820.000
(Packard) It is thought that the flash first struck’ The original attorneys for Mra

st) Moan,

|

Young

 
 

tion fon her and marry her within a year. | Rernasp, Vt., July ii To day'starrivats | the pitchfork, Lemo's arms were badly , we Howe & Hummel, to whom an offer
“Absolutely none,” said the doctor | Oe = ‘ n Pole ri Ae fee f°, Hetude are, + burned and he was knocked unconscious, | of $7,500 in settlement by the railroad com. |
' ' : Humphrey and Mrs m Coleman of! Roth horses were shocked and fell to the | Pauly Was made and rejected after the singer |
=| SOLVE RAIL BREAKAGE. {New Vork (Packard), jt : i. had Paid them over $1,000 in fees James |
| ; NEW Loxpex, Conn, duly ib Ayro | Broune

| Marriman Ronda Welleve Ut Lies in|
| Shape of the Base,

; Julius WKrattselinitt, vice-president of
the Harriman system in charge of
jmaintenance and operation, and John
|. Isaacs, consulting engineer for the
i lines, feel that the problem of the dan-
~-why not place it where you will

‘gerous breakage of rails has been
enjoy the mayimum of safety and solved on thelr Hnes,
income—-where it will The solution, as explained by Mr,

Earn 6% Net Kruttsehnitt, Hes in the shape of the

rails, and the necessity for having a

—_—— very heavy base for the rail in erder
yearly income ‘payable every to prevent the pail from changing its
January Istand July Ist), and be shape daring the cold weather
secured by the soundest security It Was discovered by eareful study

in the world’ Tax-exempt in

 

‘inobile parties from New York at the Gris

tuasell Soley became her counsel in- 1907 |
,and continued so up to the time of his |

wold inelude FS, / death a year ago,

Fineh Speedwell) Mrs

 

HEAT KILLS FOUR IN PHILA.

Andrew DD. Meloy, Thomas Ko Meloy Pack - | ‘The court says ita ar |

eloy, i dua ppears the singer has |
ard), and Mrs Alpbonse Jongers (Butcks, | peer at all times been anxious to have the case jd
Mra branes Nicholson) and Baroness | portyefour Deaths From Present Ex-

\ tried and that because of Mr. Soley's de |
Seslinitzki (Winton), Mrs) Alexander Brow t | 1 it is impossible to determine why ae ait

and the Misses Brown (Peerless), Miss Mary | cessive Temperature There, hot act it : j j
C) Phelps, New York; Miss Mary C. Spencer, | F pe eta eae unless he thought it would
Hartford (Cadilinaes, Mro and) Mra. Frank PHuinapeLputa, Pa. July 12. Four poer- i

Melville, de, Ward
(Simplex 4
Mancursrbe, NOW duly au

Melville, Brooklya | sons died of the heat to-day, despite

Automobile | the shower which gave temporary re-
drrivala at the Bquinox House inetude the lef, The total deaths since the hot
following from New York: bo A Hofman wave started is forty-four,

and William Calhoun (Aloo), Wo BO Oakes i : : A
(Packard), Mrs ko). Plattand Mes HH! The forecaster says

the cooling

Hoers (hozier, Mroand Mes, He Slocum | breezes will sweep in) to-morrow from
MRuieks, Me cand: Mrs. do Wy Harnman line Northwest, breaking the backbone

Pierce: ses
of the wave,

SPARKS FROM THE TELEGRAPH. °°" “** "*

The temperature a year
The high mark to-day was

 

oro slifthws creatures, dinunk rides | New York State, Write for (Pine rutin wer tive 20.000" millen, ot the! dow Mt wauington atta howtn’ Wearing’ BOSTON STORM KILLS TWO, |
eetve. wan Sere waite ret (fe 1h e Circular +. Harriman system, that the rails were on for’ menial OUMERVRUGnt OOF AR IAEE | \
Parte Hl nil an ave OW TL NEW YORK Reat Stave lf cites eae ak abe tes“ as tare ake on eagvgp | Rate Whee BAB Gtr May HE ty
dia erian Wis pie hed ip Vesterday at nuid: Game. slang allahi inodlelane cpl water Bt. WURPEDATEA: a Gentes Beonn"att OG py loc entona.
saihe i hs ane TT, a ara 3 Fp Wi SECURITY Co, a Ae In the onatis when they waite | Naniteoke lost hin fe Boston, Joy th Twa severe electri
of children when the pater Pin ae Assets 510,594, 305.95 elye foreed Meek bite step Wh, be rhe rund Vaviee nt Bike in erasinn mt pent storms broke Ofer pregter Pootan
foe had in AR ig gn age r ‘ sll hand 42 BROADWAY = NEW YORK CITY Hews Liase wan found to prevent the |yreeuen ‘of n TRiBhale uanite “Wt Bede ia, | teday one shortly before 1 o'cloek and ij 1”, ; " |
Use. Capt, Price u Tacit Tay ith tae et misshaping of the rails and the conse- ve A mfontas im r OApity tax IN pel ihe other three hours later During | Mts ms! ‘True Bitter Taate’’ i
5 al qtiuent occurrence of breaks. home, ine first one, Which lasted for about half.
> ‘ .

‘formed an

i entirely
| Teachers Association, at

eer

 

ciation national in fact as well as in name
should prove hopeless, she indicated,
it might be conside-ed wise to form an
organization that would give some jis-
tice to teachers from elsewhere than
Chicago and the middle West

“For the third time in succession now,”
she said, “the association has named ita
president from one little narrow section
of this great nation of ours. This year
the treasurer as well comes from the
middle West. That scarcely sounds like
a description of the broad national body
which treats all parts of the country with
equal justice.

“The Western teachers have already
organization of their own,
It would be no unprecedented thing for
those of the East to do the same. It is
pracnicable, The Interborough
whose desire
| was placed in nom nation for the presi-
dency of the Nationa! Education Associa-
tion, has a membership of 14,000 women
teachers, a body far larger than this so-
city, that would form an important
nucleus,

“There are many Maryland — teachers
that I_ know definitely would be in hearty
accord with such an organization and
there are many from other Fastern States
that would lend their aid. We need aad
should have a@ truly national association

'or teachers; but one which is national in

name while it is completely sectional in
all its aims and aspirations should not
continue to misrepresent its purpose”

The Baroness rtha von Sutther of
Vienna, winner of the recent Nobel peace
prize award, was the guest of the tach
ers here to-day. She delivered aa ad-
dress before the American School Peace
League this afternoon that constituted
one of the notable events of the conven-
tion,

She carried out in her address the image,

of modern civilization asa sinking Titanic
filled with pleasure pursuing, heed less

passengers, who refuse to heed the wart>
ing that a leak is pulling the proud vessel
down to destruction, ‘The leak, she de-
clared, in our civilization is the per
sistence of violence and war in spite of
their conflict with the ideals we hold

 

 

 

What is Better with Dinner than Good, Pure Beer?

You'll Be Delighted with the Flavor of

Pottled oni by the
lirewers

Beadieston & Woer?

yew York
tes fram any teaiee

a Wonderfully Satistying! —

ames. 8 —————