Sra.

rr no

FRIDAY, JULY 12, 1912,

 

oe.

 

 

Entered at the Post Office at New York as Second
Class Mall Matter.

o——— ~~... ee

 

 

 

 

Subscriptions by Mail, Postpaid.

DAILY, Per Momth... oc cccsceceeeeesess 80 50
DAILY, Per Year teseeeenes OOO
SUNDAY, Per Year decuevstets ae 200
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Year. ....... 8 00
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Month....... ® 70

Postage to foreign countries added,
All checks, money orders, &c., tobe made pay-
able to THE SuN.

Was sure to bring upon him to his last-
ing personal dishonor.

Yet it is to this sort of treason to
honor, to this defiance of public opinion,

that Mr. RoosevELt is said to be invit-
ing American citizens by the wholesale.

who despise him as a “chump” but seize
folly as it revolves on tires. Lobsteria
of the quick wit, the sudden “friend-
ship,” with what ironical joy does it
receive the “easy mark!’ If he should
not turn out to be “a cheap sport” how
Great would be its surprise. It awaits
philosophically the arrest of thestranger,
Mr. Tillman's Sardonic Humor.  atthough if any of his “roll” is left at

The effect of the hot spell is mani-|the moment of disappearance the de-
fest. in Senator TILLMAN's resolution | tectives are thought not to have played
instructing the Committee on Naval! fairly. Any one “guy” can't expect to
Affairs to define the most powerful ship | be laughed at for more than five min-
of war and cause it to be constructed | utes after his exit. New faces and new
to make peace universal, leaving enough “buyers” are due in Lobsterja, and
money in the Treasury for good roads, | they are coming from every part of the
for improving waterways and irrigating | United States. The “very delectable,
the arid lands. Although Mr. TILL; highly respectable” type, like our little
MAN is a member of the committee | bookkeeper, furnishes a fair percentage

 

Published dally, including Sunday, by the Sun} Charged with this fearful responsibility | of these temporary immigrants.

Printing and Publishing Association at 170 Nassau
Street, in the Borough of Manhattan, New York,

|

he knows more about the soil best; Heaven forfend the conclusion that
adapted to the cultivation of rice and iTespectability is any more monotonous

President and ‘Treasurer, William C. Reick, 170) cotton than he doea about warships. , than anything else in a world of flux;
Nassau street; Vice-President, Edward P. Mitchell, | ‘The problem that he asks the committee} but think of being damned to “buy

170 Nassau strect; Secretary, Chester S. Lord, 170
Nassau street

London office, House, 1 Arundel
@treet, Strand

Varis offices, 6 Kue de la Michodiére, off Rue du
Quatre Septembre,

Wa-hington office, Hibbs Ruliding

Brovokiyn offce, 105 Lisingston street

iMAngnam

Regular readers of (AF SUN, daily and Sunday
@ditions, may subscribe for the paper to be sent
Dy mail to them in any part of the country at the
rate of 70 eents a month, dally edition, 50 cents a
month: additional postage to foreien countries,
Addresses changel at option of subscriber.
Order may be sent through any newsdealer or to
this oMce.

 

Th our friends who faror tis with manuscrip's for
Prhhication wish to have rejected articles returned they
mustivalleasce send stamps for that purpose

The Moral Law in 0876 and 1018.

In this campaign THEODORE Ro sE-
FELT is no more Republican than Woop-
Row Winson is. Mr. Rooskvent has
parted company, formally and prob-
ably forever, from the Republican or-
ganization, with its legal designation,
its emblems, its ballots, its voting mech-
anism. He has left the Republican
party for his own reasons and on his
own account; and he is accompanied
by a small but interesting band of per-
sonal adherents who hope to bull moose
themselves into political prominence,
business advantage or satiation of vin-
dictiveness, as the case may be. Noth-
ing in the present affairs of this or any
other planct is plainer to sight than the
fact of the complete separation o° Mr,
ROOSEVELT and his following from the
Republican party.

This is a country of political freedom.

Se

to solve is constantly engaging the at- | wine” forever, or even for the few days
tention of the naval constructors of! and nights or weeks that a defaulter
England, the United States, Germany, |jasta, To eat too much at intempestive
France and Japan, and they have ar-/ hours, to be the host of parasites who
rived at no definite conclusions. searcely hide their contempt, to be set

Japan is building a 30,000 ton ship. | down as a greenhorn by overpaid wait-
the Fuso, also four battle cruisers of org and cabmen, to be at most a nine
27,500 tons, that will carry 13.88 inch | days wonder of bellboys, to rumble and
guns. The Fuso will be armed With | swagger (and how can a poor little
still heavier guns. Germany in 1911) meek bookkeeper swagger?) from café
and in April, 1912, launched four battle- | ¢9 café and to think that is “life” and
ships of 24,500 tons and is constructing | the actor of so pitiful a farce tragedy
four others of uncertain but still greater | «4 pood fellow!” Is it snobbery, mere
tonnage, besides two battle cruisers, the | vulgar d : May it
Seydlitz and K, of 25,000tons. Partieu-|

lars of their main batteries have not) The little bookkeeper, who has an evi-
been divulged. Great Britain launched | dont taste for heroics, says he bought a
on March 12, 1912, the battleship Queen | rayotver but hadn't “the nerve” to pull
Mary of 28,850 tons, and has ordered | the trigger. No shame in that. Long

four more ships of similar type, the ago there was a Sir WILLIAM MEADOWS,
Benbow, Delhi, Iron Duke and Marl’ an Indian official caught in some
borough.

a She is building battle cruis- | orooked practices, who penitently and
era of 26,350 and 28,000 tons, the Princess /ostentatiously shot himself or at him-
Royal and Tiger respectively. The | gif in the forehead. His friends rush-
plans of the battle cruisers call for 4) ing in found him wiping his brow care-
apeett of thirty knots. All theae levia- fully. “I have had an affair of honor
thane will have main batteries of 13.5] with myself,” he explained, “and it's
incho 1 inch guns. __, [settled satisfactorily.” Our little book-
France is building or has authorized keeper should never Iet his want of
seven battleships ranging from 23.500 | valor’ execution worry him.
ta 25,000 tons displacement and is; But we wish that Lobsterian book-
determined not to drop further to the! keepers wouldn't get married.
rear.” Austria is building four 20,000! sareaaands
ton battleships. Italy five of from 22,000
to 25,000 tons, Russia seven of not less |
than 22,500 tons, Argentina two of 28,000
tons, Brazil one of 28,000 tons, and Chile} It may be just as well to say now
two of 27,500 tons. The United States {as any other time that some excellent
constructors have drawn up specifica- | friends, and even some of the campaign
tions for battleships of 30,900 tons that | managers of Mr. ‘Tart, are striving
will carry 14 inch guns. All the world | after wind if they nourish the hope that
is hurrying super-dreadnoughts into | they will turn any votes against Gover-
the water, and if the Senate Naval Com- | nor WILSON by picking up, reprinting
mittee could summon the experts to) and scattering among an unimpressed

esire to pose as rich?
not be folie des grandeurs?

 

 

 

Why Not “ Pander"

Sense’

Any Republican who desires to accom | testify they would certainly disagree | people past opinions inconsistent with
pany Mr. FLIny, Mr. Pincnot, Mr. Gan-{about the ship of maximum displace- his present ones or apparently attack-

FIELD, Mr. PERKINS and Mr. ALLEE into
Mr. RooskveLt’s new independent po-
htical organization with a view to mak-
ing Mr. ROOSEVELT again the President

ment, armor, armament and speed. |ing any set or class of persons.  [t has
Mr. TILLMAN indulges the hope, in an | seemed tous and to many people that
ironical spirit of course, that the United since the great prize of the Presidency
States could build a single floating fort | burned before his eyes he showed
80 powerful that it would be able toja certain alacrity of conversion; but

of the United States is at perfect liberty | destroy any European or Asiatic. flect | all contest about that is over and done,
so to do, If the seveding, Republican's | in commission, Thetroubleis that Eng-/} He has been approved by the Democ-
purpose is sincere he is entitled to re-j land, and Germany for that matter, are | racy as he is; and what he has said or

spect for his departure, whatever may|>uilding bigger and bigger dread-

be thought of his judgment and per-
ception of human character.
In his desperate purpose to att

written in the past before he went into
noughts faster than the United States. | polities matters no more than a last
This country is no better than third in’ year's newspaper. Professor WILSON,
new construction, and does not feel the | the president of Princeton, the historian,

4! spur of necessity as her European rivals | the lecturer -the country has no more to

re piel eet term in the White} do, In originality and daring our ku-| do with that part of his career than with
House, or failing in that to wreak final /ropean competitors set the pace, and! JoHN ADAMS'S opinions when he was
vengeance on his old friend Tarr, Mr, {Japan is not letting the grass grow) “keepin' schoul” in Massachusetts.

ROOSEVELT is now said to be plotting
the overthrow of the electoral system,
The thing would be incredible if there
was not so much evidence of it, coming
Just now from so many States

|

|
|

|

under her feet. Reeently the Scientific | If in the Democratic national plat-
American published this illuminating tform, in the Governor's reply to the

and disquieting survey: j notioation committee, in his letter of

“Even if America continues to lay down | acceptance, in the speeches which he
two dreadnoughts or super-dreadnoughts makes in the campaign there is fair
a year her strength in this type of ship in} fold for the Republicans, well and good

If anything not written in law is fixed | 1920 will, as compared with that of Japan, | if he can be shown to be a “free trader”
beyond even the assault of volcanic ace [De 4 follows, on the assumption, of course, ! or any other sort of a downpuller, de-

tivity it is the moral obligation that
binds the Presidential Elector to vote
in his turn for the regular ticket of the
party which chose him to perform that
duty.
of the electoral colleges is nonsense at
this period of the republic's life. It is
scandalous business when a candidate

for President on an independent ticket ons With one-half, one-fifth, one-tenth |

scts about persuading friends of his
that the requirements of personal honor
and of invariable custom may be get
aside for his benefit. No Presidential
Elector has ever been so base as that.
We wonder if Mr. RoosSEVELT and the
ingenious opportunists who surround
him at Oyster Bay and in the patio of

the Oullook remember how this system | the case of the United States, which will
which they would now suddenly andj soon open the Panama Canal and must

violently repudiate withstood the greut-
est strain that ever came upon it. In
1876 the technically formal returns from

|
|

Armed with 12 inch guna, 5

Talk about the original scheme | Arined with 14 inch or heavier

 

|

|
|
|

all the States of the Union, including sev- |

eral States in which Fraud had been man-
ifestly triumphant, indicated 185 elec.
tora! votes for RUTHERFORD B. HAYES
and 184 electoral votes for SAMUEL J,
TILDEN, a majority of one for the Re-
publican candidate, Hundreds of thou-
sands of honest Republicans belie

 

!

thatthe new Japanese programme is adopted
and completed to time
COMPLETED DREADNOLGATS TN love

| wtroyer and fiend incarnate to the Home
‘Market Club, all right. But an an-
| thology of his inconsistencies, a canto

America ;
lof passages torn from their context,

Japan

Armed with 14 ineh guns ‘ « {scraps of his writings or his speeches
s i jto show that he is an “enemy” of some-

guns i '¢ ‘body or other and something or other,
‘Totals 2 23° }that sort of truck is a waste of breath,

Na-| time, postage.

It is a venerable but none the less silly
of our resources are expanding their | usage of campaign politicians to throw
fleets and preparing for the trial of | these spitballs, so to speak, into the face
strength that may or may not come, but | of the public. There is nothing in it.
that will make history Sind change the | Why not begin to attribute a little in-
map if it does come, In the absence of | telligence to the voters? Here we have
a general agreement to stop dread-|two highly accomplished and fit men,
nought building and limit armaments! Mr. Tart and Governor WILSON, From
it is fatuous to talk of knocking off work | the campaigners of both a campaign of
at the construction yards to find money | intelligence is due, Pitch out of the
for new waterways and irrigation, Inj window all the ancient, flabby, pithless
}poppycock, “Pander” a little, in the
famous Fernandian phrase, to common
sense,

It is no theme for flippant irony.

 

defend it, such a policy would be mad-
ness. What is the expenditure of $20,-
000,000 a year for two dreadnought

compared with the cost of a great war

 

——-

 

Governor HADLEY's assertion that “the
Republican party is already a progressive
organization” and his declared purpose

that might end in the humiliation of the
United States and a loss of a billion
dollars?

 

The Little Bookkeeper in Lobsteria,

Why is Lobsteria so engaging to those
who can't afford it? What doth gravity
out of its bed at midnight? What is

ved | the psychology of “buying” or “opening

that Mr, TILDEN had been fairly elected | wine’? Here is this little Water street

and was entitled to be seated, We
doubt not that a good number of the
Republican Presidential Electors them-
selves shared this conviction, The pos-
sibility of correcting an obvious out-
rage by an expedient which should pro-
cure justice at the expense of what
was described as a merely constructive
wrong was discussed far and wide be-
fore the electoral colleges met in their
respective States. If a single Hayes
Elector had then repudiated the moral
obligation binding upon him and had
exercised his legal right under the con-
stitutional provisions and voted for
TILDEN the majority of one would have
been reversed. Mr, TILDEN would have
become President, Even under this un-
paralleled temptation to achieve the
ureater right and justice by the means
wUgeested the clectoral system stood
mehaxen and unbroken, Not a single
Republican elector though convinced
of Mr. PILDEN'S right to be President,
dared face the odium that the be-

Wayalof duty, evenina

bookkeeper swept along into the Tombs,
Salary $1,700; but, as he confesses with
evident pride, he “is the kind of fellow
that never could live on $1,700a year.” So
he had to levy a fine on hisemployers, and
grand larceny and forgery in the third
degree are attributed to him by those
unsympathetic commercialists. Has
more than come to forty year; a church
member, but, as he puta it to emphasize
his abiding secularity and gayety, “only
because of the children.” That is the
devil of these smug little citizens who
“are anxious for to shine in the way of
‘buying wine.’" Why can’t they stick
to celibacy? Unless he is an office boy
the “high roller,” the “spender,” the
“millionaire” of Lobsteria has usually
acquired a wife and children; impedi-
ments to virtue; not in the case of
Lobsterian etrayers to vice.

But is it vice except in a technical
sense, these brief derelictions and devil-
tries of our little bookkeepers? Isn't it
folic des grandeurs? Our little man,
for instance, at the end of his ropo,
rattling majestically up to a café door
in his borrowed-with-atolen-money
“big touring car,” undoubtedly blood

cause 80 good; | red; convenient young women aboard,

Ba

jsaene weather,” and so on.

to support Mr. ‘Tarr as ita regular nomi-

Inee for President will constrain the
i' olonel to place Mr. HapLey on the list
of “undesirable citizens.”

 

The New Orleans fly killing contest closed
'with a record of 4,491,550 fliea swatted.,
| Pittsburg Dispatch,

How meagre these figures would look
compared with the fat millions of a “fly
gobbling” contest,

 

One of the things that etrikes me with
regard to all cooperative associations is
that the characteristic feature of an active
life is cooperation, Mrom Governor Wi-
NON'S apeech aw Atlantic City,

Accounted for probably by the hotness
of the hot wave.

 

—

My doctrines can be gotten from my
speeches. T am trying now to get them
in practical shape for the campaign whose
basic idea ia the solution of our great eco-
nomic and social problema.-—Colonel Roosr-
VELT,

More mere words! Can the Colohel's
doctrines be put into “practical shape"?
At the present time they are incoherent,

The recall does not and cannot apply
to the “Bloody Shirt” harangue of Major-
General DanieL Epoar SICKLES.

When in the House of Representatives
Mr. Bucnanan, Democrat, of Ilinois, ac-
cused Mr. Mann, Republican, of Illinois,
of showing “frequently” a “desireto sep-
arate himself from the truth,” nothing,
we may be sure, was further from Mr.

| BucHANAN’S intention and desire than to
avouse Mv, Mans of a habitual or periodi-
cal inveracity. What was in his mind
was something like thie: “To the crows
with such confounded withering, blasting,
It wae the

   

\truth of the thermometer that inspired
the wild “aspersions” on Mr. MANN’s
divorce from truth. That members of
Congress don't shoot each other through
and stab each other too shows their
unusual stock of self-control. Besides,
though homicide might be justifiable, it
would be all too weak to express ade-
quately one’s feelings.

 

 

What is the plural of moose?—Cleveland
Plain Dealer.

An esteemed philologer and correspond-
ent of TH& Sun has demonstrated histor-
ically, grammatically, anagogically and
allegorically that the fitting and decorous
plural is “meese.”

 

Outrages in Mexico are becoming so fre-
quent that this country cannot put up with
them any longer. There will be big devel-
opments in the Mexican situation in a few
days.-—Scnator MARK SMITH of Arizona.

Texas has shown a disposition to Ifck
Mexico with the National Guard, but
thought better of it. Is the voice of
Arizona for war now? Are the Tucson
Terrors to be sént across the frontier?

Rooserveut ig the greatest man since
GLADSTONE. The Hon, ABRAWAM WALTER
LA¥FiRtTy of Oregon,

Why not since ADaM?

a ETD

THE DILLINGHAM BILL,

Some Statements About It by Mr. W. &.
Bennet Controverted.

To THE Eptton or THe Sus. Sir; I
notice in yesterday's Sun a letter by ox-
Congressman W. 8S. Bennet confusing cer-
tain statements in my letter of the day

betore and certain facts that demand cor-
rection

The so-called Dillingham bill was pre-
pared by and under the direction of the
@ame experts that prepared the forty-two
'

 

volumes published as the “Report of the Im-
Wigration Commission,” and is in every par-
ticular just as much the commission's bill as
those forty-two volumes are the commis-
sion’s report. The bill waa prepared as
were the forty-two volumes of the report
edited and published under the supervision
and at the direction of Mr. W. W. Husband,
the actual working head of the commission
and {ta secretary in ao far as actual work
was concerned, And the preparation of
the forty-two volumes and the publication
occurred since the commission expired on
December 6, 1910, even the “Brief Statement
of Conclusions and Recommendations”
being presented to the Congress and Mr.
Bennet's lone “Minority Viewa” being re-
ported and printed as Senate Document
689 after that date. In order to accomplish
thie it was found necessary to put Mr.
Hushand and some of the other experts
upon the payroll of the Senate Committ
on Immigration and find them places in the
departments,
the bill was not only introduced in the
Senate by the chairman ot the commission
but it was also introduced in the House
and was discussed in the Senate as the com.
mission’s bill, It is true that it was intro-
dived in the House by ¢( ongressman Focht
and that Congressman Burnett: preferred
to introduce «a number of separate and dis-
tiner bills instead of one comprehensive
measure, but most of the Burnett bills fol-
low word for word the identical language
contained in the commiasion bill
With reference to the attitude personally
of the ex-members of the late Inimigration
( omission, brought to an almost untimely
death by the extraordinary expense account
of one member in particular, Mr. Bennet is
entirely in error as to every one of the nine
except himself, He is the only ex-member
on record here aa opposed, and he did not
appear before the House committee aa an
ex-member but as attorney for certain in-
terests opposed to the legislation,
With reference to the attitude of Professor
Jenks the facts are quite the reverse from
those stated by Mr. Bennet, not only as to
“his* hook but alse as to his position with
reference to the conmission bill, for he
Wrote Senators in favor of it, and in “hia”
book, jointly edited by Professor Lauch,
he does print the bill preciaely as intro-
duced by Senator Dillingham and prefaces
it with the statement, page 37, that “moat of
the changes are the result of the findings
of the Immigration Commission” and treats
it as the commission bill
Congressman Burnett's committee con-
sidered the bill for some time, and finally
} reported it with the recommendation that
‘the Burnett illiteracy test hill be aubsti-
tuted after the enacting clause, Congress-
man Burnett agreeing to this in order to
vet the bill reported. The committee did
not “strike out’ anything because it has no
yower to atrike out, aa Mr. nnet would

now if he stopped to think about the fune-
tions of a committee of Congreaa, juat as,
were he still in Congress, he would realize
jthat the so-called Dillingham bill is re-
| carded here by every one as the Immigra-
tion Commission. bill, PATtEN
.Iuty 10

 

WASHINGTON, TD. ¢
—- + CC Or
OLD CHOP HOUSES.

The Shakespeare of Incomparable Mutton
and Stout. ,

‘To tne Epitor oF TAK SUN-Sir; “The
Shakespeare Head” in THR SUN of to-day
is pleasant reading to New Yorkers of a
generation and longer back.

That “English chop house of cleanliness
and neatness” waa more than a decade
older than the firat of the ‘70s. I think
neither the formal “inn” nor “head” was
much used by ita frequenters. Ita nomen-
| clature wae generally condensed into “The
Shakespeare” and it was much affected for
suppers of ne plus ultra thick English
inutton chops and beefsteaks and mugs of
stout by the quieter sort of jeunesse dorce
and indeed also by the vieux bonhommes
who had been without ladies to escort; in
which case they would have gone to Del-
monico’s, then at the corner of Fifth avenue
and Fourteenth street; to neighborin
places of amusement like’ Tripler Hall,
rat used by Jenny Lind after her début at
Castle Garden; Wallack’a Theatre, then at
the corner of Broadway and Thirteenth
street, the Park Theatre, on I think the
same block, @ new and not long enduring
successor of the old one downtown opposite
the City Hall Park, and a French theatre
on Broadway near Fourth street, if my
memory serves me, or perhaps lower down,
which lasted, I think, not longer than a
couple of seasons; and indeed one received
a quite strong impression of ita being merely
experimental before one reached ita foyer
by means of a movable staircase let down
from the second floor, on which the stage
and auditorium were contrived, the stairs
after the close of the performance an
descent of the audience to the street leve
being pulled up for the next day's free
floor use of the customers of a large mer-
cantile establishment, Of late years T
have out of curiosity asked a number of
theatregoers if they — remembered — this
French venture or had heard their elders
speak of it, The answer has invariably

been that they had never heard of it
J, BLoor,

 

STONINATON, Conn., July 10

 

 

Then and Now.

‘Totnt Eprroror THESUN—Sir: It used
to be; “If they don't take Taft they'll
get Me!”

Just now it seemato be: “They did take
Taft and pulveriaed Me!” A.B.H,

LENOX, Mass., July 11.

 

Stepping Backward,

‘TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN-—Sir: 1 read with
much Interest Mr. James P, Conway's letter on
“Stepping Backward” and I am sorry to state
that he is right In his assertions and that nines
tenths of the women do get off street cars stepping
backward, J, a8 @ woman, wonder why, upless
the majority of us have no common sense,

There are a few of us, Mr. Conway, who do
pay attention to signs and use our brains to good
advantage, espoclaily in thie partioular stunt,
for It is a stunt for us to board and alight from
\ the high step trolley that was bullt for men, I
; Sincerely hope that your letter will do some good,
| for we do not want to see our 6@x crippled or the

company paying ‘out money for stupidity or
carelessness, A K&EN OBSzBvEn,
New Yosug, July 11.

 

 

From a Zealet of Culture.
‘TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN--Sir; Woodrow
Wlison ts proclaimed to be a man of culture. Is
' he humanistle or scientific? Does he love Greek
_sculpture? Does he expound the mysteries of
| Emerson and Browning? Does he seck the music
i of Bach and Wagner? Which echoo! of painting
‘dues he favor? Rawk Lea Maacus.
| New Yorx, July 11.

The Case of Crookbeck.

Richard was offering his kingdom for a horse
“Flow would @ bull moose do?” we asked.

'THE RULE OF THE PEOPLE.

 

FRIENDS IN COU 'NCIL.

“The Candidate Calls a Convention to| Governor Wilson's Wiedom in Consulting

Nominate Himself.

To THK Epiton or Tat Stux—Sir: Let
the people rule! So say we all of us.

The recent Republican convention wa
called by the Kepublican National Com-
mittee, which had been selected by dele-
gates to the preceding convention, wh
had been sent to that convention by th
votes of the people. It was therefore the
people's convention, or, more strictly, the
Republican people's convention.

We now have a call for a national con-

o| in Sea Gi.t.
¢|fefreshing a change from what we have

His Former Rivals.

To tar Ep1tor oF THe Sun—Sir: It ts
gratifying to read in Ta SUN this morning

a | that Governor Wilson has invited two of

the gentlemen who competed with him at
Baltimory for the nomination to visit him
This is as it should be and #0

been accustomed to that universal approval
should be expressed. Mutual interchange
of opinions will aid greatly in advancing
the cause in which all are so vitally inter-

vention to be held in Chicago in Auguat | ested

to select nominees for President and Vices

President called by a number of gentle- |
men from a number of States. ‘The callers

of thia convention were not selected by

the people directly or indirectly, but were

designated by the man who expects to be
| the nominee of the convention for Presi-

dent, It cannot therefore be said to be

in any sense called by the people or their

representatives, {

It is alao clearly manifested that the
delegates to this convention cannot be
selected by the people, asx thefe is no ma-
chinery in the various States for the hold-
ing of caucuses or primary elections
for their selection in which the people as
such may participate, The delegates will
therefore not be any more the choice of |
the people than were the men who called
the convention, but will be designated
by the prospective nominee for President
or his henchinen, and they will be instructed
not to express the wish of their constitu.
enta, as they will have none, but to carry
out the ordera of the Bull Moose of Saga-
more Hill, to nominate him and adopt his
platform. ‘The credentiala of delegates
to the convention, if they are scrutinized
at all, will not be passed upon by a com-
mittee of the people's choice but by a
commitiee made up by the man who ex-
pects every delegate to cast his ballot for
him.

Was there ever before a national con-
vention called by the candidate himeelf,
composed of delegates designated by him
or his representatives, every one of whom
shall have what amounts to his personal
orders to vote for him and for nu one else?
And this is the Roosevelt idea of the rule
of the people!

If a more impressive illustration of the
rule of the boss far the bores and by the
hoss could be conceived the bounds of
mg imagination dp not compass it.

Varperice W. Peasovr

Boston, July 11.

PORTUGAL.

Sympathetic Words for the Young and
Struggling Republic.

To tar Eprtor or Tae Sun—Sir: The
“leader” in THE SUN of July 9 dealing with
the political situation in Portugal contains
but little cheer for believers in the repub-
lican form of government, while it cannot
fail to strengthen the hands of the apolo-
gists of monarchical rule in Portugal in
this instance.

You pass adverse judgment upon the
new republic in the matter of finance,
order and liberty. But those familiar with
the history of nationalism in Portugal
the laat few years will have the full pic-
ture of all the events pro and con in their
minds and they cannot readily join with
you in pronouncing failure or smoothing
a way to the return of the infamous house
of Braganza

As you are aware, the young republic
has had to contend with serious obstacles,
in the active hostility of past masters in
the art of stirring up strife and working
on the credulity of the ignorant masses of
the people,

The firat duty of government is the estab- |
lishment and securing of law and order,
The grand trick of the Braganza party isto
keep Up a stateof civil war, thus preventing
a senae of security and the natural evolu-
tion ef progress, they seem intent upon
impoverishing a country they have al-
ready bled and by the military outlay
necessary to thwart their efforts to recap-
ture the peninsula inwardly would bleed
it to death. You cannot be blamed for not |

 

 

 

 

 

 

settling down to regular housekeeping,
with the enemy pounding away at_your
gates. [t is well to remember the Portu-
guese are fighting atill for the consolidation
ot political principles. principles for which
j this land fought and bled, and which it;
observes, after ite own fashion, every
‘Fourth of July, with a lively sense of their
worth. The Lisbon Cabinet is faced by a
combination of reactionary forces which it
will require all the wisdom and statesman-
ship of the reformers to foil.

Surely our message to the nationalists
should be “Be atrong and of a good courage.
Stand up for sound principles, for govern-
ment by the people and for the people.
Keep the Braganzas out, as the United
States of America kept the Georges out.
Tet the Portuguese show themselves worthy
of individual kingship by loyalty to their
declaration of independence.” ;

Let it be known in the streets of Lisbon
that America is atill republican and wishes
nothing but success to her young sister
acroae the aeas, WILLIAM LINDBAY.

Doven, N. H., July 10,

Sewing Machines and Sugar.

To tae Epiton or Tar SuN--Sir-
protectionist troubled with doubts and
deeply desirous that the tariff queation may
become so thoroughly understood that it
will cease to be a matter of partisan politics,
T am greatly interested in watching for the
answer to the query about the price of sew-
ing machines, propounded by “A _ Pro-
tectioniat” in this morning’s Sun. IT should
also like to know why the Federal Sugar
Company doing business at Yonkers has
this notice on its sugar barrels: “Tariff
on sugar is of advantage to the sugar trust
and its allies only. With free raw sugar
this sugar would cost you about two cents
a pound less. Urge your Congressman
to insist on removal of tariff on sugar.”
Are our ninety millions of people paying two
cents a pound more for sugar for the sake
of the planters of Louisiana?

Grornag P. F. Hopson.

Broog.yn, July 10.

Swathings of the Fat.

To THR Epiton oF THE SUN—Sir: Your core
respondent “Coolness” in his prescriptions pallla-
uve of the heat implics that high collars, neck
wound ties and walst binding belts contribute
much to discomfort, He is right, The high
starched vertical edged collar, aside from {ts tn
artistic shape, {# Inquisitioniike in punishment,
and when one Is ‘afflicted with fatty tissue of
neck It becomes enfolded with something akin
to a breakfast roll.

Then the tie under it. Why? It cannot be
seen but ts ardently feit, even if slik. A shop
made te is permanent, better fashioned and
quickly wired on even pafamas tn case of alarm
of fre. Then a senstuve portion of anatomy,
the waist, Is !nexorably bound by a belt, omnt-
present in restraint of abdominal respiration,
and still the belt does not obviate the frequent
necessity of the vulgar hitching of trousers,

Its encompassing point of contact in Inches ts
far in excess of that of suspenders which owing
to elasticity is only on the shoulders, and inter-
mittently elsewhere, Ease,

New Yoru. July 10.

Cee
Doubly Safe.

To TRE EpITOR OF ‘TRE SunN--Sir: Can any of
your readers inform me why some mev wear
both a belt and suspenders at the samo time?

Baurimore, Md., July 11, Just CvBlovs,

Sorrow Before the Looking Glass,

To THE EDITOR OF THE SUN--Sir’ My shaving
glass despite its recoil as It reflects me exhibits
the fact that the Hon, Woodrow Wilson resembles
me. Weare also of the same age and anatomical
architecture, Thavenocomplaint to make, never
having secured a copyright or design patent,

J am as modest as the devil and scarcely care
to be the recipient of ovations or otherwise in
mistaken identity for a more distinguished tndi-
vidual. [| am therefore planning to disguise
myself by means of a mustache, which persists
in coming out gray in contradistinotion to my
brown head hairs. Of course no one but an ass
dyes a mustache, because growing from the rvots
eeveral hairs will betray the dyes, whose gray
changes to brown, and false brown is not to be

considered.
My whole Iife has been filled with trouble.

 

 

 

 

eS eC eee OT

New Yous, July 11. PERPLEXITY.
ee
“Elegant” Pronunciation in Boston,

To THR EpIToR OF THE SUN- Sir; Will you
kindly tell me whether there is any authority for
the pronunclation, fashionable, | believe, now
among our young people, of the verb “guy” as
though rhyming with “he”?

Boston, i

B. UB,

  
 

There should be no part left for miscon-
ception, Everything should be open and
aboveboard. The practice introduced by
the ex-President of stabbing your best
friend in the back should be condemnédd.
All should be harmony and beneficial re-
6ults should follow from this meeting.
New York, July 11. E. T. W.

NOT A “CONVENT.”

A Recent Escape From a Reformatory
Near Cincinnat!.

To THE Epitorn oF THE StN—Sir:
comes it that THE SUN, which usually shines
with such commendable impartiality on
the good and the bad, countenances, at least
by implication, that hoary and most ma-
licious calumny the alleged forcible re-
tention of convent inmates? Ina news item
in THe Stun of July 9 fallaciously headed
“Girls Escape From Convent” a sensational
“break” for freedom made by three girls
from the third story window of a “convent”
near Cincinnati is deacribed. It seems
one was injured, and after trudging several
miles the recognition by a juvenile court
officer of the so-called “convent” uniform
led to their arraignment before the juvenile
court.

Were it not for the casual mention of the
court officer the unsophisticated reader,
relying on the usually straightforward
veracity of SUN reporta, inevitably derives
the impression of an up to date inatance of
enforced duress within convent walls.
Surely SUN readers should be sorry to see
their one fount of reportorial ability and
reliability follow in the wake of sone of
ita contemporary metropolitan sensational
miachief mixers. Yet it could have easily
been suspected and almost quite as easily
ascertained that the “convent” in question
is not a convent at all but a charitable instt-
tution for the detention and reformation
of wayward females, white and black.
Charity, like crime, it seema, obliterates
color distinctions; conventa presumably
contrariwise, Conventa are not charitable,
reformatory or penal inetitutions, but
exclusively religious and educational.

In the light of the “Official Catholic Di-
rectory” the “Girls Eacape From Convent”
assumes a new aspect. The character
and purpose of the inatitution from which
the resourceful and resolute young ladies
escaped is sufficiently clear from the fol-
lowing item in the statistics of the arch-
diovese of Cincinnati:

“Carthage. Provincial Monastery of the
Good Shepherd ‘Our Lady of the Woods.’
Mother M. of St. Aloysius Bigley, provincial;
Mother M., of St. Martina, prioress; 57 pro-
fessed sisters, 55 Magdalens, 53 white peni-
tents, 120 colored penitanta, 77 white preser-
vates, 102 colored preservates.”

James VBaLE, D. D.

WAVERLY, July 11.

a ALMS AND THE MAN.

Should We Bother About the Worthiness
or Need of Beggars?

To tre Enrron or THe SuN—Sir; “Phi-
lanthropiat” has treated a serious subject
in the lighter vein. There is, however,
an undercurrent of gravity in what he has
written. The serious etrain and light
touch give a sort of agreeable synthesis.

Vhe giving of alms is surely a matter of
pritne importance, whereas the giving of
alms judiciously is of the last difficulty.
It ia doubtless hard to resist the precept
laid down by Charles Lamb and practically
adopted by “Philanthropist,” “Give, and
give always”: neverthelesa, it requires a
atrong and ready judginent to detect the
“apurious” exception on the spur of the
moment. Injudicious giving may do harm
where only good is intended. Money
given as a reward for the histrionic per-

 

 

; formance of a gifted beggar can hardly be

considered alms. The “charity societies”
pretend to do the thing scientifically, but
“Philanthropist” will find that the beat
sympathies of the great bulk of mankind
zo with his own gentle sentiments in regard
to private giving.

Some clergymen too mnay be found who
willingly corroborate his views, His con-
science should be at rest and his banquet
untroubled by a skeleton not of his own
making. His kind hearted thoughtfulness
regarding the starving one he cannot
possibly relieve should promote digestion,
not engender melancholy. Every experi-
ence has ita own utillty, we are told: nor
should experimental starvation prove the
exception, Away back in the sixteenth

As a|century a certain Vincent de Paul, a priest

who furnishes not a sermon but an object
lesson, used to give every beggar man hie
upper, lodging for the n ght and one penny
or the road after breakfast in the morn-
ing. | have often wondered if professional
tramps and itinerant hoboes were as com-
mon then as now. The system followed
in some contemporaneous parsonages is to
bestow on every tramp who presents him-
self a dime or a nickel as chance determines.
Fhe modern Henedictine monastery fur-
nishes bread to all comers, on the ground
that it car barm no one and is scarcely
negotiable. :
hen it comes to differentiation you will
find it harder to disvover the deserving or
than the ubiquitous tramp. Because it is
his trade and from constant study of his
victims, Weary Willie ie an adept at an
pppoe! to the tender heart. My last trem-
bling word to “Philanthropist” is this:
Since you are strong in irony be merciful
to the socialists. Have no fear; they will
not abolish poverty in our generation—
“the poor we shall still have with us.”
CHESTER, July 11. JL A

To Little Robert Reed.

To Tak EpIToR OF THE SUN-Sir: After
reading the wail of your somewhat bilious
correspondent “Citizen” in to-day’s SUN
1 would be very happy to know the place of
origin and present frontier of advance of the
alleged “national crusade against tobacco
smokers.” If a station platform be in the
open air, or nearly so, any transportation
company will find it exceedingly dificult
to abolish smoking among its patrons,

Maybe a little experimenting with a good
pipe and good tobacco would mellow “Citi.
zen's” heart so he might be more tolerant
of the pleasures of some and less harrowed
by the plaints of others of his fellow men.

 

 

 

 

New York, July 10, A.J PLY,
Export Taxes.
To THE Enitor or THE SUN- Sirs Even

if the Constitution were so amended or
interpreted as to permit the levying of ex-
port taxes, would such taxes be morally
right? I maintain that it ia unfair to the
consumer to put restrictions on the purchase
of what he would buy by levying a protec-
tive import duty; and | maintain that it
would be just as unfair to the farmer and
other producers to put restrictiona on the
sale of their output by levying an export
duty. The farmer must pay the same prices
for all he buys that others pay.

Let the law of supply and demand govern,
As the Brooklyn Alderman said: “Let nature
take her course,” 0. K, H.

New Yorsg, July 11.

A Nature Poem.

The Bull Moose wanders on the lonely shore
Of the Oyster Bay by Sagamore.

He lifts his head and he sniffa the air

For the acent of followers anywhere.

He otraing his lunge and his breath falls
it?)

in furnishing a truly deflant snort.

He pawa the earth and he runs around
To find a noise that's like a sound.

The Bull Moose wanders on the lonely shore
in search of a thunderous, booming roar.

 

Ho wails and he watches and trumps his
call-
The boom of the bittern replies: that ie all.

———

  

 

W. J. Lampvon., |

 

OUR SCHOOLS UNSAFE
SAYS C. G. ARMSTRONG

Engineer Employed to Examine
Them Makes Startling

 

 

 

 

Report.
WOODEN FIRE ESCAPES
Coal Waste and Dirty Air

Foreed In by Old Ventilat-
ing Systems.

—

 

- nee

Charles G. Armstrong, a consulting
engineer employed by the committes on
school inquiry of the Board of Estimate

How | 8nd Apportionment, consisting of Presi.

dent Mitchel] of the Board of Aldermen:
Comptroller Prendergast and Borough
President Miller, has made a report on
the condition of fifty-six public achoot
buildings and their ventilating plania
and finde a great many things wrong with
the schools. His remarks on lack of
adequate fire protection are particularly
startling.

In the first, place, he says that the ma.
chanical designs are inefficient and inada«
quate. He has found that boiler planta
are not concentrated even in the same
buildings and that the power plants werg
not planned in the most efficient mannen,
He says that in many of the achools he
inspected the engineers do not care for
their machinery as they should and thaé
coal and ash are handled carelesaly.

He says that too much coal is being used
in the schools and that it {s too expansive,
Coal and ashes should be weighed and
there should be intelligent reports kept
by the engineers as to the amount cons
sumed. He advocates the improvemen§
of all heating systems in the schools ag
that the amount of steam generated ma
be reduced while at the same time tn
coal may be conserved and utilized

He thinks that automatic elevator
ought to be put in the echools for tn4
teachers.

“At present the only way of providing
drinking water is by turning faucets to
one side eo that they discharge at an angie
of about 45 degrees into a dirty receptacia
somewhat resembling a horse trough,” ha
says. The children must bend down over
this trough and drink from the faucet,
some putting their mouths directly on the
filthy brass outlet of the same, others
trving to drink from the flowing stream,
but as both the velocity and volume of
the water are too great it is not a success,
A suitable number of pedal operatin:
drinking fountains should be installed
at the earliest possible moment.”

The windows in many schools are
80 loosely fitted as to permit of much loss
of heat and draughts on the heads of the
pupils and he says that the heating sys-
tems in genera! are poorly designed.

“Nearly all achools have mixtures of
various heating systems, some good and
some poor, and generally all are of an
antiquated pattern,” he says. “A good
economic and modern. vacuum system
should be installed in a!! cases.

“Practically every known system of
ventilation and heating may be found in
the schools of New York, yet in only one
building did we find modern methods in
use, The principal faults were found to
be the forcing of dirt laden air into the
class room and the lack of proper humidi-
fying Ss: e

Mr. Armstrong save that in all cases a
modern air washing and tempering ap-
puratus capable of controlling the hu-
midity should be installed. .

Under the head of fire protection he
says that not one of the buildings he in-
spected is wholly fireproof.

*None of them conforms to the fire
rules and regulations,” he says. “Hereand
there an axe or a hook or a hand ex-
tinguisher may be found but in no case is
there anything that the most kindly criti-
cism could dignify into a modern fire
fighting system.

*To be sure, the architect hax in a num-
ber of buildings devised a very ingenious
system of enclosed stairways which would

loubtless allow some children to eacapa
in case of a bad fire, but they are merely
exits not fire preventions or = extin-
guishers.” He adds:

Buildings that were constructed in 4
fireproof manner are rendered = entire\y
unsafe because of the vast quantities of
wooden furniture which they contain, and
because of the wood encased and badiv
located pipes, traps, &c., which abound
in all directions.

One building is even equipped with, or
one may more truly say menaced hy
wooden fire escapes on the outside = ()!
what avail is it to build a flre resisting
structure and then fill it to repletion wilh
inflammable materials, so that it become:
in fact a furnace with a fire ready lai?!
The answer is found in the fato of the Cul-
linawood Schoo) in Ohio, or to look nearer
home in the large office building recently
destroyed by fire.

Mr. Armstrong asks that the Board of
Estimate apportion $10,000 for a demon-
stration fund with which to teat his rec-
ommendations. The Board of Educa-
tion, he says, is in favor of thie. Ti
engineer wants to equip two or thre)
typical schools immediately with tla
necessary apparatus to onud’e the city |)
burn coal that will cost practically hat
of the present price per ton and which will
do better work and give better results
than the coal used now.

NAVY

 

 

SMILES AT TILLMAN.

 

Officers Say We Are Already Builid-
ing Battleships of Maximam Size,

WASHINGTON, July 11.—Naval officers
were inclined to smile when they learned
to-day of the resolution Senator Tillman
proposes to introduce in the Senate calling
for the construction of a battleship of the
greatest size, speed, armor, armament
ever built. This ship is to be called the
Terror and to be the world’s insurance
for peace,

Naval officers said the United Stated
was building as rapidly as Congress would
permit battleships of the maximum size
speed, armor and armament deened
practicable and efficient. They belied

he limit has been nearly reached, ex}e-
cially in regard to depth of draught of
battleships.

It is pointed out that the construction
of such a vease! would merely be the signal
to the other great Powers to duplicity
it for their own service,

Senator Tillman drew up this resol:
tion in the belief thet he had at Inet hit
on the solution of the problem which '4
threatening the battleship building nations
with bankruptcy. he consulted 4 prom:
inent naval man about the terms of the
resolution.

 

Bethlehem Steel Co, Gets Larue Part
of Contract for Coast Defence diuns

WASHINGTON, Jury It. American many:
favturera have won out again in Chile,
according to State Department despatches
to-day. The Chilean Government has
ayarded to the Bethlehem Steal Compan’
a

arge part of the contract for cost dee

Ole Mullin. na balatee of the order :
given to the Armatrong firin in Friglane

English and American frais have bee
engawing in the heenest sort of competitor!
in Chile during the last few years owing
to the expansive military and public '!
Rrovemen Programme adopted by tbat
jJovernment.