Perens ne _—
VOL, LXVIL—NO, 206,
@Qa—a—“— -

SOLDIERS ORDERED HOME.

ALE BUT A PR CAVALRYMBN WILL
pe WIEH DRAWN FROM THE DAM,

 

of Men More Striker] Go Back -Seventh
Regiment Leaves for New York To-day
contractors Fear No Farther Violence.

Y, April The

Work Going On Now ino bo & a Foll Force
r

( jon LANDING, N 23

eines War, as the soldiers call it, is over
I two-thirds of the normal foree of men
wept to work this morning, and to-morrow all
' niry foree, save (Wo troops of cavalry,
% yy home The order for the soldiers to
Jouve was issued by Gen Roe até o'clock this
evening after a consultation with Sheriff
Molo), Whe had come to‘the new ( roton dam
ri sone ton telegram sent by the General
: rota The conferenee between Gen
} do the Sherif? did not last over fifteen
' At its conclusion the General said

| entre Seventh Regiment and two
t fhe cavalry will go to-morrow, Troop
C the cavalry will remain at its present post
on the hill near the North Cable landing, One

troop of Squadron A will remain on the side of
the valley) Where the squadron jis now ene
camped, T have hot devided what troop of
Rquadron A will go home I have left that mat-
gor entirely to Major Badgely, who is in Come
nand of the squadron. I willsay also that
uch meno in Troop Cas have pressing engage
nents will be permitted to go home ff they
vish, The cavalry will start at o’clor k toe
gnorrow morning They will march and will go
over the same route they came by. The Sev-
enth Regiment will leave Croton Landing be-
tween2and3o'clock in the afternoon, They
will go by aspecial train over the New York
Central to the Grand Central station "

It chould be borne in mind that the Seventh
{..pread over aw ide territory. There isa
¢ivcion of three companies, A, Band E, at the
irry six miles above headquarters Phere
are two more companies, C and F, at the old
dan Companies I and K are in the tents
whichseem to hang high up on the hillside
above the headquarters cottage and are the

first ae well as the most picturesque feature of
the military oeenpation of the valley which
von see as you turn the crest of the hill

ing down tothe Bowery on the road from

Croton Landing. Then on the dumnp heaps
near the Bowery bridge are companies DG
and MH, making four divisions in all, The
homeward wovement will begin with the men
nt the millstone quarry, about three
niles from Peekskill A special train
of fiat cars will bring the men down

the new Croton dam over the little narrow
ue railroad which the contractors tise lor

ne stone, The two companies at the dam
mareh down to headquarters and then the
re regiment wilt march three miles over the
‘untain road to Croton Landing. Gen. Roe
d this evening that it waa not decided
whether he and his staff would go to-torrow or
ot Atallevents, itis not probable they will
‘ave before to-morrow evening when all the
rramaements for the Gisposition of the force
ticlett behind have been made All told,
nesthinag bik 30 cavalrymen will Tema on

nard andthe force of deputy sheriffs will be
iy reased by five men to meet the new cvondi-
hous

\s soon as Gen. Roe had issued orders for the
departure of the troops he notified Gov Rouse-
vet. As to When the troopers who are to be
left behind will be ordered home, the General
gid the date was not vet tixed Their stay
, however, he sald wold be short
twas not until! SheriY Molloy he d

 

  

nes

4

 

S37 =—e8sS

 

 

   

 

told Gen

 

Roe in so many words that he did not think the
ruilitary was any longer needed, that the order
to Move Was issued Although the contractors,
Coleqan, Breaehand and toleman, had no
Voie ihe reaching of this decision they are as
posiiive as is the Sheriff that there is
ho longer danger of violence, The activity
in tl orks to-day Was noticeably greater
than it wes even on Saturday when a stranger
looking dowh inte the great gorge Would never
have guessed, in view of theswarms of men

working below, that there was anything like a
errike in progr But to-day all the giant
derricks on the dam, which are ever worked at
ope tine, were busy, and tor the first Ume since

 

the strike began, the spawls quarries and
truine therefrom were operated. All told, 510
men responded when the 7 o'clock morning
v tle blew. This is within 190 of the full
torce, When things areina normal condition,
twelve ganesof menare worked. Operations be-
bia this morning with nine gangs, andin the
ai fernoonthere were ten at work, Among these
who Went to work to-day were a number of
the ouew men. many of who came here
yesterday Michael ~ Rosino, an [talian
who has a boarding heuse up in the

} jour the new dam and who fs nicknamed
‘ihook Mike," and is so proud of it that he
! o all bis offfeial communications, haa
reaactive in getting men here He sent tele-
roms to Italans in New York yesterday ur@-
{ them to comeonatonce, and, besides, has
t Uhered in many more from the brickyards at
}

t

  

inek’s Point and George's Island Just
nv of the strikers themselves went back

work aguin to-day the contractors could uot
Fav positively. tis known that twelve of those
Who went to work this afternoon were old
en and there were a number of other old-
timers So far as the ultimatum of the con-
tractors is concerned, it practically is a
dead jetter exceptso faras the ringleaders in

  

 

 

 

the rioting of early last week are concerned
Toicse will never be taken back, but the other
toen Who know the work will be welcomed and
‘ preferred to new men who have got to be

rokenin. Had not the strikers shown sucha
general tendency to go back to their jobs to-day
the Lae against them would have been drawn
ricdiv But the contractors are willing to make
& owances for men who really want to go to

York but who have been more or less intymi-
dated by threats that their houses would be

 

 

burned and that they and their families would
be injured The general round-up and the
twen ven arrests last week scared away
hoiny tuore Whose consciences were not clear on
the rieting question and who had been deeply
fmipressed with the locking up of those already

ed

The de parture of the troops will test the real

 

 

 

tuportance of the threats which were made
openly betore the soldiers came and covertly
foe they got here. A number of the foremen
©! ings toid Supt. Goldsborough to-day that
teveralof the old men who are back at work
had reported to them that they had been
threatened with violence as soon as the troops
tre withdrawn, Neither Gen. Roe, the con-
tractors, bor the superintendent attach the

Bicltest importance to these threats. That
» should be made in view of the crushing
eatot the strikers’ original plan not only to
‘tise to work themselves but to. prevent
hers from earning a living, is regarded as in-
Vituble. Considering the ble talk at the be-
ring itisthe least that they eould do now
their schemes have come to naught

ef

 

ae ream

 

 

 

    

 

  

     

      

 

 

 

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

Whole secret of the strike and of the at-
ind nsolent interference with the right of
then to work who want to,"'said Mr. Brucheand
tediy, “issimply this) For years these men
ha ‘ ated here; where they saw so lit-
' ‘ enforcement ot the law that they
wrne bevantowet the impression that so
diy \ concerned the laws had no ex-
! Novody interlered with their constant
\ of the Bacise law with reference to
y t) drinking places open, and the
Bile jieohohe beverages without ao lie
¢ wis constantl going on among
Nien Tha word, they thouwht they practically
‘ do things and could do about as) they
} From that conelusion it was buta
' tor them to deeide they would
tM heoentire pliant and run it to
6 ' I} udde ti laying upon them
ds aw, Whieh they hac
tothe conctusion was a myth, has
. ! id be derodtheny Many of
f wand in biding from sheer
{ - tdread that they, like the others, are

rede wiilif they resist"
velght to the threats of violence
t fiers ure away,” said Gen, Roe
‘4 ’ eat W c and who want to
; enough t iv that they will
‘ re and fl anv opposition of those who
nierferte with them The men who
hake toreots of injuring individuals under
a ness WAL be slow in putting th
’ Pxeention ir of the impressive
’ , ’ ev have din what happens to
ats It eve, tog, that the way t}
nas bee andied will have an e
ey al » urea t of similar ontbreaks
Z e State
ling back a full force is concerned
é d !-aid to-day that before the week
hey {be turning applicantsaway
a Ty latest,” he said, “lam sure we
t ! ree at work all along the line
‘ t \itorney Weeks accom-
, 1 Molloy ever from White Plains
fteok partin the conference
‘ ~ eventing The Sheriff said
¢ acy berot detectives at work on
® re Sergeant Douglass, but so far
‘
e hs all we ean,” he said, “and will
6 a a | ave offered a reward
Wear sise ve love asked for no warrants

1WUN iae Case Devi Shen Breese

 

 

telephoned over to-day for some blank war-
rents to be usedin case evidence was found
against more ringleaders in the disturbances
early in thestrike. Not @ single warrant has
been issued or asked for since those that were
rat sworn out. There are stil about a dozen of
these left unaerved and TF brought them over
with mine

Deputy Sheriff Kuse sent aman over to Little
Ttaly this afternoon on information that there
Was a notiee posted on a house there threaten-
ing dire things to anysbedy who went to work
The notice was pot found If it was ever there
it was very promptly pulled down. A constant
search is being made for the one-eved ( asella,
William by naniw, who disappeared just about
the time it began to look as though there was
trouble coming He is the son of Angelo Cas-
ella, who was released on $1,000 bail furnished
by Angelo Bealzo in White Plains to-dey, and
isratherurwentiy wanted as he was conspiou-
ous in the early troubles” He and all the other
eleven men for whom there are warrants have
cleared out and it is doubted that they will come
buck for a long time at least

As rewards just what troop of Squadron A
will remain here tt was the opinion to-night
thata troop would be made up of men who had
po special engagements and who were willing
tostay, betting those go home whose business
hiost needs their attention

White Pains, NOY, April 28.—About 150
Italians from the new Croton Daim tried to gain
admittance tothe Westchester County dail to-
day to see the strikers held on Saturday by
Judge Lent. None gotin The Ttalians spent
the day walking around the buildings, The
women had understood that their husbands and
sons Would be released on Saturday. Many of
them brought food and money for the strikers

The Westchester county authorides offered a
reward of $500 to-day for the arrest and convic-
tion of the person or persons who shot and
killed Sergt Robert Douglass

 

Aid for the Douglass Family.

THE SUN received yesterday for the family of
Sergt. Douglass, who was shot at the new Cro-
ton Dam, 85 from “The Indians’ and $10 from
VF. HH. Taylor.

BRYAN WEN TO HOLD A CONVENTION,

A Contesting Delegation to Be Sent From
New York to Kansas City.

Burrao, April 23 —The original Bryan men
of western New York mean togendua Contest-
ing delegation tothe Kansas City convention
The announcement was made to-day by A J
Elias, the wealthy lumberman, who was one of
the steadfast Bryan supporters of 1898, that the
Chicago Platform Democracy would hold a
convention {n New! York on Saturday, May 19,
to a full contesting delegation Mr
Elias eald that this course Was made necessary
by the declaration from Chairman Frank
Campbell of the State Committee that New
York's delegation to the National Convention
would not be instructed for Bryan

“The convention,’ said Mr. Blias, “willbe
held in United Charities Hall, New York, May
19 ‘Two delegates from each Congress district
will be chosen and four delegates-at-large
The delegates willgo to Kansas City and pre-
sent themselves as a contesting delegation
from New York.”

It is said that the delegates-at-large agreed
upon will be Samuel Seabury of New York, A
J. Flias of Buffalo, Mo B. Parriser of Yonkers,
and Henry A. Goulder of Kings county, Mr
Llias added

“IfMr Croker, who hastily departed for Eng-
land in 1896, and Mr. Hill who retired to Wolf-
ert’s Roost, and others who either deserted the
party or gave the party no support when if
peeded their services most, are to be delegates-
at-large, Which seems to be the case, @ contest-
ing delegation to Kansas City, composed of men
who will really represent the wishes of the
Democracy of the State, will be justified The
Demoeracy of the East as wellas of the West,
North and South, stand for the Chicago plat-
form and William Jennings Bryan They want
the platform reaffirmed andsuch planks added
as the issues now before the country require,
and they want W.J. Bryan nominated so that
he will surely be elected and put the platiorm
in force”

 

choose

INDIANA REPUBLICANS.

Leaders of the Party Gathering Preliminéry
to the State Convention.

INDIANAPOLIS, April 28 — Republican politl-
cians from all partsof Indiana,including several
members of Congress and Senator Fairbanks,
are here to attend the State Convention, which
meets on Wednesday, and to assist in the pre-
liminary work ‘here are five candidates for
Governor, and the contest for that nomination
promises to be one of the most animated for
years, all the aspirants being men of promi-
nence in the party, aud having made campalinus
for the last thee months which took them to
various parts of the State

Much interest is being felt in the platform
which the convention will adopt, and a con-
ference of the leaders was held this afternoon
to consider the various planks, The Congress-
men that voted for the Porto Rian tari? bill
ure anxious to haye that measure indorsed by
direct reference toil, asserting that it has been
much discussed by members of the party and
that a decided pronouncement is necessary
Others think an indorsement of President

McKinley's Administration ought to suffice and
that this would be the surest plan to prevent
discord in the convention As Congressman
Crumpacker held out against the bill, his friends
gay its indorsement will not be allowed without
aw protest and that the best policy is to l@nore it
entirely ‘

Senators Fairbanks and Beveridge and Goy
Mount and Chairman Hernly of the State
Committee wil! be delegates-at-large to the
Philadelphia Convention

GRANITE REPUBLICANS MEET.

 

Senator Chandler for Mckinley and Roose-
velt--Hints at His Own Ketirement,

Concorp, NH, April 23.--The Republican
State and District conventions to nominate del-
egates to the National Convention at Philadel-
phia will be held to-m@rrow anda preliminary
joint meeting of the State Committee and con-
vention caucuses was held here to-night. Or-
ganization for to-morrow’s State Convention
was perfected) Senator J. WH. Gallinger, chair-
mau of theState Committee, presided. The Hon
N.B Bryant, New Hampshire's ablest orator,
was chosen to be President of theconvention. A
Committee on Resolutions was named and will
spend most of the night preparing a platform,

{1 is considered probable that to-morrow
sone opposition among temperance delegates
will meet the propositionto send the [on
Frank Jones, the wealthy Portsmouth brewer,
as u delegate-at-large. One influential delegate
has instructions to bolt) Mr
lion .

Another delegate, an ex-United States Dis-
trict Attorney, comes to ihe convention as an
avowed anti-espansionts'! and it ia expected
that be will be heard trom

No organized movement against Mr Jones
ean be detected to-night The well-known de-
tenders of the Prohibitory law are saying noth-
iat

New Hampshire's delegates according to the
slate willbe Senator 4 He Callinger, Concord
the Hon Frank Jones, Portsmouth; Mayor
Willian: © Clarke, Manchester, the Hon ‘T) Nel-
«on Hastings, Walpole, the tlon Albert Wal-
Jace, Rochester: Col Fred Palmer, Manchester
the Hon John MeLane, Milford; the Hon
Prank P Brown, Whitefield

Senator handier, who Was elected a meme
ber ot the State Convention from this city, will
hot be present to-morrow | He has written a
letter to the President of the convention, Mr
Bryant, ia which he hints at his possible retire-
ment, strongly urges the nanies of MeKinley
and Roosevelt as the National ticket, and, in
conclusion, says .

It seers to me that all differences about
other men and other measures should be reso-
jutely thrust aside, and that the great eventin
‘Ameriea of the closing year of this wonderful
century should be the re-election of the Presi-

Jones's nomina-

 

 

dent, who will so fittingly represent. the
netional glories which the sailors and soldiers
of the Republic achieved io our di-inter rated

 

war with Spain, which forever liberated from
her bloody mile ten millions of helpless victims
ol her tyranny

“With the overwhelming victory next Novern-
ber of Mehinley and Roosevelt, you and | oan
cheerfully reset from the labors we began to-
vether in tsi6 and have continued to om =f
regret thiat ee duties in the Senate
keep me from attendinad the convention
—_———

Unqualified Approval

Is given the d ning ear service of the Pennsylvania
Hallroad by al. wavellers. Ade,

 

    

a

 

a

vomitinencnceicataeeiniieianenemasinaaitannamanilias a nnn nnn ee EEE UE SayEnE En SESE REE SEEDERS

of the respeetive municipalites, a statute |
which net oniy subverts the principle
of home rule) but Violates the — spirit,
if not the _,of the Constitution itself One
encroaciunent swiitly follows another lhe
fabeorption oy the Sate Cuoveroment. ol the |

 

 

HILL RE-ENTERS POLITICS,

 

THE GUEST OF HONOR AT THE
JEFFERSON DINNER IN SYRACUSE,

Overshadowed, However, by Undertaker
McCarthy, Who Shouted for Bryan for
President and McGultre for Governor -Mr,
Hill's Speech Was Devoted to the Central-
ization of Power in the State Government,

Synacusk, April 23 -Undertaker = Joho
MeCarthy was morein evidence at the dinner
wiven to-night under the auspices of
the United Democratic committees of
Syracuse than Thomas Jefferson, in whose
honor the banquet was held) Thomas Jef-
ferson is dead, but the undertaker is very
much aive whenever there ly an opportunity
to spout for Bryan and 16tol, To-night such
un opportunity arese and Undertaker
McCarthy made the most of it. The diners
had not been long at the table when he burst
into the hall, making his way to the table
where David B. Hill, the gnest of honor, sat
with John J. Cummins, the toastmaster, Mayor
Jumes K. MeGuire, aud the other speakers,
Contronting the ex-Senator, with his fists
doubled, he shouted:

“You Gold Democrat, you, we're going to in-
struct the delegates to Kansas City from this
State to vote for Bryan and 16 to 1, If they
don't do it they'll come home in thetr coffins,
Just you remember that.”

Between the courses of the dinner Under-
taker MeCarthy distributed tree silver litera-
ture to every one of the 475 guests, and when
the chairman read a letter of regret from
William J. Bryan he jumped upon one
of the long tables and ran up and down,
upsetting wine glasses and smashing crockery,
while he called for cheers for Bryan, “the next
President of the United States." He got them,
too, as he did cheers unlimited for MeGuire,
“the next Governor of the State of New York.”

By the way, this Jeffersonian dinner had
much to do with the Syracuse Mayor's can-
didacy. Guests were invited from all the
central and upper portions of the State, in-
cluding all the avowed or sliggested candi-
dates for the Gubernatorial chair, and MeGuire,
like a wise politician, kept his name off the
list of speakers, but it waa understood that
he was to be called for persistently by hench-

men in the audience, All the afternoon the |
lobby of the Yates Hotel was like a Demo-
cratic) State Convention and there was

 

more electioneering for McGuire than had been
done atany time previous. The gouasip of the
lobby was that MeGuire and Mackey would
be the up-State candidates for the head of
the State ticket next fall The pres-
ence of Senator W. F, Mackey of Buffalo
Justice Charles Ernst of Rochester and John B
Stunchfleld, and their apparent acquiescence in
this arrangemeut, gave credence to this gossip

Ex-Senator Hill did not) commit himself,
Like a wily politician he gave Mes
Guire words of honeyed compliment that

might or might uot be construed tn favor of
the Syracnsean’s candidacy according to the
sympathies of the listener. Nor did he, breaking
silence for the first timeip four years upon nati-
onal questions, comunit bimself more detinitely,
His principal utterance along that line was a
masterpiece of ambiauity to which the gold
aud silver Democrats gave entirely opposite
neanines

This was it: “There is now every reasonable
prospect that such wise action may be had that
it oan truthfully be said at the conelusion of the
coming convention at Kansas Clty, on the
anniversary of the Nation's Independenee, that
the stone which the bullders rejected Is become
the headstone of the corner.”

Mr. Hilis’s address was devoted in the main

to State issues. Alter his tribute to Mayor
MeGuire, he spoke in substance as follows

“Thoughtful men view with alarm the
tendency of the dominant faction of the
tepublican party toward centralizauion ol!
power in the State government. The fact
cannot be disguised that the nature of our

system of State government, especially that
which concerns jocal administration, has been
materially changed in recent years, through
legislative aciion, sole tines insidiously,
almost stealthily, and at oiler times boldly
ands unblushingly, until now a see
rious = situation confronts the people.
They discover that the principle of home rule,
supposed to be intrenched in the guarantees of
the Constitution, is regarded by the Legislature

as held subject to its discretion, to be
granted oor withheld) at) its — pleasure
They tind that the old) and = salutary

doctrine that ‘In the diversiticatton of power
lies the sulety of the State,” has been set aside
and superseded by the regal theory that the
concentrauion ol powerin the State is better
than local self-goveruiment

“Each sueceeding year witnesses fresii in-

vasions of the domain of the people's local
sovereignty. It began in the matter of finance,
when local revenues Were arbitrarily
diverted to State purposes to meet
the demands of a depleted treasury
occasioned by extravagant adininistration

Phe well defined distincuons Which have always
existed belWeen Slate and wohl reventies Were

fugnored, and the mie and Just rule,
which hud heretofore universally prevaied
of applying ‘State reventies ior State pur-

poses and local revenues tor local PUPPOses
was abandoned in the dis«racelul seramble to
secure inanciai and political advantage at the
expense of pring ple Local-upervision of ex-
cise miatlers Was trausterred to State officials to
the exclusion of local representatives elected
by the people

“Then toilowed the creation, by the Legis-
lature, ol a Metropolitan election Gietrict, come.
posed of several municipalities, bunched
together in evasion of the constitutional re-
quiremenls, Whereby a State official, ap-
pointed by the Governor and called a State
Superivtendent of Elections, was placed in
charge of allelections in those miunicipaiities,
superseding the officials selected py the
ruunicipaliiies themseives, and imposing upon
the people of those jocalities, without their
consent, @ horde of official subordinates,
seiected by such State Supermnmiendent, em-
powered to perlorn Tuuctions essentially local
n their character

“}ut the usurpation of the rights of localities
did not cease here Phe bextotep in the proc-
ess of governmental evolution related to the
civil service of the St “wud empowered
the jmembers of the State Civil Service
Commission, thermseives appointed by the
Governor, to remove ay local Civil Service
Commissioner appointed by the Mayors ot
minneipulities, although the lormner were them-
selves subject to removal by the Governor, and

  
 

this wensure was supplemented, at the lust
weisiative session, Dy a@ statue authorizing
the sie board to ail any vacaney whien

might be caused by any such retnoval, instead
of allowing the same to be filled by the Mayors

 

 

 

 

 

 

’

It te the duty of good cilizens to resist th's
rowing tendency, ‘The question presente
should not be regarded asa party question It
is rather a question of good government
fa question of public safety, a question of
the honest maintenance of the true nature
and theory of ourform of State government,
# Question of the preservation of ihe rights of
the people against the encroachments of the

State
“When the revised Constitullon of 1894 was
presented to the people for adoption, (t was
oudly proclaimed by the amateur and
theoretical statesinen, who were largely re-
sponsible for ite innovations, that the
new provisions requiring special city bills
affecting the property, affairs or govern-
ment of cities to be submitted to the local
authorities thereof for accepianuce or re-
jJoetion, would) prove of linmeuse advan-
tage in preventing bud or undesirable legisla
tion, On the contrary, thuse provisions have
proved utterly useless for any beneficial pur-
pose, itunfortunately having been the uniform
policy of the Legislature, froi 1604 to the pres-
ent hour, to overrule the wishes of the local
authorities in connection with all such measures,
“In plain words, loeal self-government
throughout the State seems to be depeidoeut

ypee the — consent of those who
ctate our legislative policy The meas.
ure oof our local rights is) governed

by their magnanimity or theirselfishness tis
based pon po seitled principle. Lt does not
seem to be limited by the spirit which pervades
the Constitution

“TL protest against this travesty upon a

free “government, and  ingist that) we
should return to. the safe path from
which our rulers have strayed, and re-
store to the people the rightful

administration of their own local governments,
whether they may be under Democratic or
Republican control, freed from the unreasonu-
able interference of the State
“You have not forgotten the fact that only
one vear ugoit was seriously nraposed, in the
form ofa State Constabulary bill, to deprive
alllocal communities in the State of the ap-
pointment and control of their own
police officers, and vest their selection in
the Governor, or rather ina State oMeial ap-
pointed by him, but public sentiment was so
aroused and indignant at the coutempluted
outrage that the measure was finally re-
luctantly withdrawn by the creatures of the
State machine, the leaders of which, however,
in repeated public interviews, attempted to
justify its provisions, assuring the pubic of
their ability to enaet it if they were so disposed,
but magnanimously refrained from inflicting it
upon the people at that time
“But wha knows how soon the same nefarious
project may be revived’ Have we not recently
witnessed the efforts of the State Board of
Chariues to extend its unwarranted  juris-
diction over all the private charities of
the State, and have we not seen_ the
functions of local: assessors — successfully
| usurped andabsorbed by a State Board of Tax
Conmuissioners appointed by the Chief Execu-

 
 

 

| tive. These steady, constant and persistent
elYorts to concentrate power in a
strong, centralized Goverment at Albany

 

indicate a purpose which cannot be disguised,
‘and which Ishostile to the theory upon which
{ our fathers framed our free institutions, and
Cannot be excused upon the flimsy pre-
text that towns and raunicipaliiies can
| not be safely trusted to govern themeelves
They disclose an intent to seize upon power at
every opportunity in the interest of a personal
and political dynasty, which, unless soon
checked and rebuked, will defy public senti-
ment andoverawe, terrorize and phinder the
| people of the State
“Tustead of the concentration of power in the
State Government, | would diversity and distri-
bute it among the various localities IT would
} maake the State strong only by mak-
| ing its various subdivisions vigorona and
| healthful lwould give the largest measure
|} of home rule toevery locality Republican or
Democratio- consistent with the actual safety
of the State) The publie man. who is afraid yo
trust the people will soon tind that the people
are afraid to trust him
“Lam opposed to arbitrary power anywhere,
I would strip State Legislature of the oppor
| tunity to infringe upon the essential rights of
|
|
|

   

 

localities by an honest, fair and couragous con-
structionand enforcement of the restrictions
ot the Constitution.

“This thought naturally
gestion thatthe public interest would ino my
opinion be promoted by the election — of
Luited States Senators by the people instead of
by State Legislatures. IT hazard nothing in
stating that  nine-tenthe of the people
| of the country favor the proposed change, and

are much aratified at the recent passage of a
| Constitutional amendment to that eect by the

House of  Repreaentatives, and = whieh
\* now pending in the United States Senate
|
|
|
|

leads to the sug-

awaiting action. ‘The success of this reform
would mean the death kneil of offensive bossism
a Consummation much
to be desired) Permit me to say in this connee-
tion thata plank favoring an’ amendment to
the Constitution providing for the election of
United States Senators by the people, was in
the original draft of the Chicago platform in
1806, but
ecomiuiittee on resol iwons against
protest

“While not intending to diseuss national ques-

in the Federal Senate,

 

  

was stricken therefrom by the sub-
ny earnest

i tions here this evening, To may digress
Jeuticiently to say that there is now
levery reasongle prospect that such Wise ace
{tion may be had that it ean be trathfully
said at the conclusion of the coling
convention at Kansas City, on the anniversary

of our nation's independence, that “The stone
which the builders refused is become the head-
stone of the corner.’

Other speakers were the Hon. Charles Ernst
of Rochester, Assemblyman PF Trainor ot
New York, Edwin Dulty of Cortland, (hatios E
Rennick of Onelda, who voted for Mehiuley in
ws, -lohn oN irlisie of Watertown, ¢
N. Bulger of Oswego, George Wo Driscoll and

 

   

Mayor McGuire of Syracus Letiers of re-
wret were read from WilRam. Rryan, Ad-
mitral Dewey, the. ifon. Thomas BF. Grady,

Elhot Danforth aud others

ONTO REPUBLICAN CONVENTION,

Indications of Spirited Contests for Delegates-
at-Large to Philadelphia,
CoLuMBLS, Ohio, April 23 There are indica-
tions to-night that the Republican State Con-
vention will yet develop one or two spirited
though the slate as prearranged will

contests,

undoubtedly go through. Gen. Charles Diek
errived here to-day direct from Wash-
ington and brought the information
that Senator Hanna does not desire
to be aie delegate-at-large to the Phila-
deiphia convention, However, the Senator

i} will be there, and as chairman of the National
Committee will eall the convention to order
Senator Hanna's refusal to accept a place on
| the delegation left an opening for Gen. Gros-
venor, Bout considerable opposition to
selection developed during the day, and
n contest is sure to be the result
The Daugherty forees are endeavoring
to push Howard Mannington to — the
front, but what success willatiend their efforts
remains tobeseen. Mr Mannington was the
Daugherty candidate for Secretary of State,
but gracefully withdrew when he saw that
there ware not going to be enough votes At

 

libs

 

| Jenst e00 of the 800 delegates to the convention |

are with Senator Hanna, and there ts no doubt
that he will controlit absolutely

Another unexpected development of the day
} is that George Bt ox, the Cincinnat) boss, is
' ambitious to serve as the Ghio member of the
National Republican Committee. Many of ihe
delegates to the State Convention will also be

 

 

 

 

} delegates to the National Convention and

Mr ¢ox Was among the first to arrive on
the ground While not admitting that he

| will be a candidate against Gen, Diek for |

I this hiah honor, he will not denyit  dtisan

j Mnisniae thong for him to arrive two days in

| advance of a convention day proper, and be |

 

evidently has some eard up dis sleeve whieh le
j will play at the proper tine Greu Grosvenor
larrived from Washington during the after-
Doon
Phe ticket tobe nominated will consist of a
candidate for Secretary of State, State Com-
Inixsioner of Common Schools, Judge of the
Supreme Court, Dairy and Food Conimmissioner,
land metiber of the Board of Publio Works
fhe Hon. Lb. ©) Lavlinot Norwalk has no op-
position for Secretary of State, and for Sehool
! Commissioner, Judge of the Stipreme Court and

 

 

 

 
  

  

sence local government is steadily pro- | ine Pm aot ithe B nird of : Pub ie Wor .
“iver since the passage of the Transfer Tax | the Present tncunients Wit be renominnt
uct, oftentim allied the inheritance Tax law, | For the offee of Dairy and ve od Com-
the appraisers of estates have always been aps | Missioner there | protaises | to te ainile
) pointed by the Surrogates of the ree | Contest, there being several candidates
specuve COUNTIES Phe reeent Legislature, The Hon Joseph E Mila burn, who js on
however, has deprived the Surrogates of | the we by a candidate for a third

niies of New York, Kings and Erie of | lem. and this fact is being used against him

power of appointmeut and conlterred the
upow the Comptroller of the Siate = This
itute. not only an unreasonable and un-
called ior interference with ioeal judicial fune-
fous, Dut Is A conteintible partisan scneine to
secure 2dditional public patronage

these specimen instances weu illustrate the
tenueney toward centralization, which uow
seems to be the settled policy of the arrogant
leuders at present controling Kepubitean
polities in this State It is a  dan-
werous tendeney, Lecause it is based on
distrust of the people, It exalts the state
and belittles cndividuals and localities
lt ienores the vital principle of local
seli-xovermment, supposed to be = safely
intrenched in the restraints and
fees of the Constitution It is jn the
interest o! corrupt political bosses, who can
through unfair apportionments control Legls-
laiures, bul who cannot so well control
localities, scattered throughout the State,
where touch independence ot thought pra-
Vaile when pulie interest Mo aruused

(

 

uaran- |

with some effect, as is also the further fact that
he ran 88,009 votes behind the State ticket
yearsago The indice s, however,
is renomination

two

 

DEWEY FAVORS THE HOLLAND BOAT.

Fle Says if Spain Had Had Two in Manila Bay
He Could Not Have Remained taere.

Wasmincton, April 24 -—Admiral Dewey
waa before the House Naval Affairs Commit-

tee this morning in a hearing on the Holland
| submarine torped» boat. Admiral Dewey said
that (f the Spanisi hat had two of the Hol-
land boats in Manila Bay he could never have
j remained there. He had wituessed with pleas-
ure and admiration, the performance c! the
Holland Lieut. Caldwell indorsed Admiral
Dewey's views and toldof his experience in
the Holland on one of its trial trips
Hichborn, Chief Naval Constructor, advc cated
the wee of the boats of the Holland type.

 

 

)

, J

point to |

Admiral) |

 

 

 

|

1900.—COPYRIGHT, 1900, BY THE

} ean

) to save heavy salt

+{ BIG FLOODS IN THE SOUTH,

PERSONS REPORTED DROWNED
IN THE PEARL RIVER,

Many Streets In New Orleans Under Water
Again and Kailroads Still Tied Up The
Damage to Private Property in Flood Dis-
trict Is Estimated at About $3,000,000,

FIVE

New OnLEANS, April 23. Heavy rains last
night and this morning again flooded New Or-
leaus and inany persons were woable to get out
of their houses, except in skiff4, before noon
The water was from twoto three inches higher
than inthe big storia of last week. The addi-
tional rainfall caused the streams to again rise
aud many new Washouta followed In spite,
bowever, of the damage to their lines the
railroads bave greatly improved their business
Phe New Orleans and Northeastern and Mobile
and Ohio have been unable to move either
freight or passenger trains as yet, and will not
do so before Wednesday, if then, The Tlinois
Central is running its through trains over the
Ya7vo & Mississippi Valley ROR, but several
hours late) The Southern Railroad, which has
been using the Loulsvilleand Nashville road, has
been compelled to abandon its trains at New
Orleans. The Louisville and Nashville can run
only one train daily aud has abandoned all its
night trains, The cars are ferried over the
West Passogoulu River, the bridge as well as
the trestle there having been washed away
The Texas roads are all right.

Five deaths from drowning in the Pearl River
are reported from Jackson, Someof the gut off
towns are beginning to suffer from lack of food-
stufls, as they have been without Communica
tion with the world lor over a week,

LovisviLty, Ky, April2s The flood situa-
tion inthe South as reported to the L. & N
headquarters and in special despatches is
alarmiug Rains continue througuout the flood
districts and the danger (o lives and property
is becoming more grave It wos thought
Saturday that the crisis was passed, but
in many localities the rain is falling again
with increased — violence Late reports
to the Weather Bureau show that
heavy precipitation has been general within
the Jast twelve hours throughout the flooded
country. It was estimated Jast Saturday that
$3,000,000 worth of property had already been
destroyed, and it is now thonght probable
that this damage will be heavily — in-
creased. Mail anc telegraph communica-
tion has been  destroye between the
smaller towns in Mississippi and Alabama
southof Jackson, thenorthern Jimit of the flood,
Many farmhouses have been swept away, the
occupants barely escaping with their lives The
flood distriet is ronghiy bounded by a line
drawn from Mobile up the Lombigbee River to
the centre of the State of Alabama, thence
West through Jackson, Miss, to the Mississippi
Kiver

Around Columbus, Miss., every railroad and
Wagon bridge is reported fo be Washed away,
and first crops are a total loss, At Enterprise,
Miss, the water sftunds five feet in the honses
andstores. (\t Meridian, Miss , the water is re-
ported atsix feet in the streets and still rising

imber and buildings are reported destroyed
at Ellisville, Meridian, Desoto and throughout
the Bayou Pierre district in Mississippi, and
numeroys sinall points in Alabama all report
wreat damage

 

R. CROKER, JR,., GOT A SPECIAL PRAIN,

It Enabled Him to Defer an Interesting Fare-
well,

ATLANTIC City, N. J, April 28 It cost
Richard Croker, Jr, sen of the Tammany Hall
leader, $97.87 to see the boardwalk at night.
It happened last Friday, but the story only
came out to-day. Mr. Croker came down to
say good-by last Friday morning and expected
to leave here on the last train, at 6:30 0’clock in
the afternoon, but he didn't. A young lady,
whose name is withheld, asked him to
stay till evening and. see the illuminations
on the boardwalk. He said that that was
impossible, as the steamer on which he was to
sail tor Burope would leave New York ato
ocioek next morning. But the you « lady
beswed und at last he consented to spend the
evening here, He telephoned to the Reading
aijroad and asked if he could charter a special
train for Camden, to leave here at midnight
He received word that the train would bein
readiness at the time named and would cost the
ubove amount

After an evening on the boardwalk Mr
Croker bade ad his friends good-by and
hastened to the station, where he tickled the
railroad men by making u short speech, ex-
pressing regret at theinconvenience to which
had putthem. The crew assured him that
they were only too willing to do their duty, asit
ineant extra money in their pockets Mr
Croker listened attentively to the last words,
and jn a few moments handed to each mana
reruiuder of the oveeasion The men were pro-
fuse in their thanks By way of Camden and
Vhiladelphia, at which city he boarded a regu-
lar train, Mr Croker got to New York in time
lor breaklast,

 

 

CONVENTION MONEY COMES SLOW,

Philadelphia Still $15,000 Shy on That
Guariatee—Entertatnment Plans,

Puinaperpata, April 23 Mayor Ashbridge
and his gssistants are still scurrying around

among the business men of the city endeavor-

fund
of $100,000 guaranteed tothe National Kepub-
the Small
contributions are beng received almost daily,

but there vet remaius about $15,000 to be col-
lected) ‘The work of altering and enulargiog the
haullin which the convention is to be heid is
proceeding rapidly The carpenters at work
on the building are making some complaint
about the pay they are receiving, and it is pos-
sible that they may stop work on May ot, upon
Which date it is expected that they will insist
Upon &@ hew Wide rate [here is pone too
much tine now tor the completion of the hall

the committee appointed by the allied Re-
publican clubs of the State to colleet funds and
to prepare entertainment featuces for the visit=
ing chibs are hustling to get together the
$10,000 which they think will be suffleient to
wive the visitors a wood time, but they are not
getting the money very fast) They have been
atit several mouths now and there yet remains
about $7,000 to gather jn

Arrangements are being made for the parade
ot the political clubs which is to take place on
the Monday night prior to. the opening of the
convention. itis expected that at least twenty
thousand men will participate in the march
The chief marshal of the parade said to-day
that he intended to insist that the men parad-
{nw should be dressed as near alike as possible,
and he witlendeavor to have them wear dark
clothes and hats of similar architecture $0 as to
make the paraders appear uniformed

ing to collect the balance to Inake tp the

Conunittee tor convention

  

SHIP WAS EATING HERSELF,

Fl Salto Gets Into Norfolk by Burning Her
Own Woodwork,

Norvons, Va, April 23. The Spanish steamer
El Salto, which bad been adrift at sea without
coal, manoged to make this port to-day. When
she came poking in through a dense fog she
hadiittle aboard that would burn The coal

gave Out several days ago and the tweoty-
elght men aboard were engaged after
that mn finding everything aboard
that would burn anda chucking il
into othe  furnsees During the twenty.

four liour st preceding berarrival at) dlaiipe

 

 

ton Koads steam was made by burning wood-
work and when she got bere she was bare of
many fittings whittoonly dire need would have

caused her captain to dispense with Phe Spat
jard soiled from: bao de danciro Maren 21, witha
curso ol meniainess ore She has been off Cape
Heuty for sever

 

dave The captain managed
ive by sacnifcing mitch ot the
Coal was barged down to her as she lay
sailed for Philadelphia

HAD A FIT IN THE THEATRE,

ahiip

at quarantine and she

The Duel in Woman and Wine" Wildly Fa-
cited a Horseshoer in the Gallery,

Thomas Smith, a horseshoer, of S28 West

Thirty-seventh street, poid So cents last night
tor
the Manhatian Pheatr He did not get much
more thau ball his money's worth, jor earty ia
the third act, when the ights were low and th
woinen's duel was being fought on the stage,
he becatne so excited that he hada fit

Jhere was a lotof excitement in the gallery

 

and the electrician, Who SAW That someting
was wrong, turned on the lights. “The horse.
shoer was taken out by the ushers and then the
duel Was resumed
Smith Was taken homein a New York Hos-
bulanee

pital

New York to Cleveland, 14 Hoars,
By (ue New York Central's Lake Shore Limited.
$30 P M., New York, 745 A.M, Cleveland Every
day intne year, Nu excess fare Ady

.
Fair to-day and to-morrow;
t fresh north winds,
+
RTL RE OT TESA

SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION,

AT THE aremvs. KAISER TO THE BRITISH,

 

lenin aT eee i eS SE IEE LL LO

gallery seat to see “Woman and Wine,” at

OUR WAR SHIPS

No Trouble Yet in Colombia—Troops Sent to

David.
Special Cable Despatch to THe SUN
Covon, Columbia, April 2% The United
States warship Detroit is still at Bocas del

Toro. The cruiser Philadelphia is at Panama
The Isthmus is tranquil, A bedy of Govern-
ment troops has left Panama for David
William W. Cobbs, American Consul here, ts
seriously ill

AUSTRALIA BUYS OF US

 

Canned Meat, Sewing Machines, Pianos, Shoes
and Typewriters.

The new British steamship Mimiro, which
sailed yesterday for Australia and New Zeu-
land, carried the largest cargo ever shipped
from an American port to those countries,
Among the shipment are 6,000 packages «f
sewing machines, 1100 tons of paper,
many organs and pianos, 6,000) Cases
of canned meats, TLL trucks for trol-
ley cars, wagons, bumgies, wieols, axles,
barbed wire, typewriters, windinills, 1,100
tons of iron pipe, leather, shoes and drygoods.
She Mimiro after discharging her cargo on
the other side of the world will ply between
Australia and Loudon, carrying frozen meat
to the British oapital and taking back #eneral
merchandise

RENE DE POYEN+BELLISLE A SUICIDE?

Professor of Chicago University Found Dead
Under Pecallar Conditions,

Cuicaco, April 23 Rene de Poyen-Bellisie,
Ph. D, instructor on Romance philology at the
University of Chicago, was found dead in his
room at 2419 Michigan avenue to-day Dr
Stowell, who was called to examine the body,
notified the Coroner that he believed the case
to be one of suicide, as the indications were
the man had taken poison. There was no
poison in the room. Dr. Stowell, however, de-
cided at once that it was @ case for the investi-
gation of the Coroner, and notified the Coro-
ner's office He refused to discuss the case,
saying it might bea case of heart disease, but
the circumstances, which he would not give in
detail, made him suspect that it might be a case

of suicide by poisoning. The Coroner has not
yet investigated the case

René de Poyen-Bellisle, Ph. D., was born in
France about forty-eight years age, aud was
graduated from the Lycée de Bordeans tn 1874
with the degree of bachelor of letters, In 188i
he came to the United States and went to Port-
land, Me., where he became a. private instruc-
tor. He continued in Portland until 1884, when
he was called to assist in the departinents of
French and history in Miss Irwin s Preparatory
Sohool for Girls in Philadelphia. 1n 1800 he was
elected a fellow in Johns dlopkins University
In 1408 he was elected an honorary fellow of the
University of Chicago and moved to this city

KILLED A FOURTEEN-Y EAR-OLD GIRL,

 

A Widower of 50 Becomes Enamored of Her
and Shoots Her When Repelled.

Tenerk Haute, Ind, April 23 —-George Cowell,
a fifty-year-old widower, this morning killed
Annie Hartley, aged 14, with whom he was in-
fatnuated, calling her my baby" and “darling,”
as he knelt over her in the roadway, after he
had fired three bullet» into her body and head,
in front of her father's farmhouse, five miles
from the city, Hehad been a farmhandon the
Hartley farm until a few weeks ago, when he
was discharged, It was thought his attention
to this girl was only of fatherly feeling, but this
morning he came to the house with a letter for
her toread. She had read a few lines when she
cried:

“tcan't do that : i

Then Cowell drew a revolver. The girl's
mother galled toher and she ran out of the
room owell tollowed and fired three shots
Then he sgt arifie from @ neighbor and started
to kill his daughter Maggie wording St a place
nearny He Wag diverted to a field where he
saw Henry Uartley the girls father and tried to

etashotat him. Instead he shot at Elmer

ierce who had suceeeded him as farmhand
He fired at others and tor several hours had the
neighborhood terrorized. Finally one of his
grown sona got the rife from hin and @ posse
overpowered him He says he knows nothing
about the shooting

SHE SWUNG FROM THE TRESTLE,

 

A Girl Hangs Below the Ralls to Escape Be-
ing Ron Down by a Train.

INDIANAPOLIS, Ind, April 28 -- Anna Brown,
a fourteen-vear-old girl, living two miles from
English, attended Sunday school at that place
yesterday afternoon and started home about
5 o'clock, taking th: railroad track as the
shorter way. As she started across a trestle
that spans a ravine about three hundred feet
wide and bad just reached the centre, a
fast frelzht turned the curve She saw that
it would be iinpoasible to reach the further side
before the train would be upon her and she

stepped to the edge of the tresthf and as the
her

train came up, swung herself down by
hands, holding on to the cross tes
the engineer saw her and as soon as the

train cleared the trestle he jumped trom hie
eab and nastencd back toward the girl She
Was stringing to raise herself and was almost
exhausted when the engineer caught ber by
the hands and pulled her up The ravine over
which she was suspended was 75 feel deep

RICHARD CROKER HFARD FROM,

He Is Very Well, Thank You Says Nothing of
His Plans,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Lonpon, April 28 The following despateh
has been received at THE SUN's London office
trom Mr. Richard Croker regarding the rumors
of his death

“LetcomBe Reots, April 23.-- Reports un-
founded, Glad to say IT aim very well

“RICHARD CROKER "
Several cable messages from Mr. Croker
were received inthis city yesterday. None of
them saidanything about Mr. Croker's plans,
and there is no Knowledge here of the time
when he expecta to return to this country

TO COMMAND THE TRISH GUARDS,

 

Place of Honor for a Grandson of the Man

Who Captured Washington,

Special Cable Despatch fo THE SUN
LONDON, April 24 The Chronicle says that
Lieut -@ol Jo FG) Ross-of-Bladensbure will
command the Irish Guards, the new regiment
whichis forming by order of the Queen He is
a grandson of Major-Gen Robert
defented the Americans at Bladensburg tn
Aust, I84, after which be captured Wash-

ington

Hoss,

QUEEN VISITS 4 CONVENT.

Also Calls On an Abbot and Recetves a Pres.
byterian Leader,
@ Despath to Tuk SUN
The Queen drove out to-

Special Cal
DeBLin, April 23

 

who |

“Tell the British people that my first hope
now and always, is the preservation of intere
national peace, and my second the consolidas

and contributions te the amount of £10,000
were subscribed immediately
SIMLA, India, April 23 ‘Talesof the horrors
of the famine are daily becoming worse. The
situation is especially bad in Bombay and
Rajputana§ In one district 1,000,000 out of
'
|

PRICE TWO CENTS.

GERMAN EMPEROR SENDS A MBH
SAGE 10 A NEW LONDON DAILY,

Says His Hope Is the Maintenance of Intege
national Peace, Especially for His Country
and England, Hetween Which He Declares
No Cause of Quarrel Should Ever Arise

Speci Cadle Despaich to THE SUN,

LONDON, April a4 The first number of the
new halfpenny London newspaper, the Datly
Express, the editor of which is Cyril Arthur
Pearson, appeared this morning, The only
feature in which it differs from other English
papers is its printing of news onthe front page
Tt publishes a message from Emperor William,
sent through its Berlin correspondent, whiak
Says

tion and inainteunnoe of good relations between
Germany and Great Britain Between these
{Wo Huations vo essential cause of difference exe
ists, nor should one urise between them There
should be no rivalry other than friendly come
petition for the furthering of the economical
and social progress of their people”

 

INDIA’S AWFUL FAMINE,

British Commisstoner Says Distress is Unpreoee
dented- Fund in Berlin,
Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN,

CaLcurrva, April23.. Donald Mackenzie Smea-
ton, Financial Commissioner of Burmah, has
returned here from a
to the famine districts
gently needed, The misery in parts of the
Bombay and Kajputana and central india
districts is bevond description and is unparale
leled. Mr. Smeaton has decided to distribute
immediately the relief fund, amounting to $0
lacs, which is now in hand

BeRLIN, April 283 --A fund for the relief of the
Indian fainine sufferers was opened here to-day

visit of inspection
He says relief is ure

1,900,000 eattle have been lost. Numbers wf
persons are dying of starvation, and childrey
are wandering about homeless, unclad and
emaciated Cases are reported where children
have been sold for inuney. Grass in some parts
is os dear as «rain The mortality among the
cattle is such that there is a possibility of
adapting tillage implements to manual labor.
Such labor by human power is a thing hitherto
in the severest

unknown umes of

scarcity

even

 

AUTOMOBILES ON A LONG RUN

 

Seventy-five ef Them Making a Journey Frem
Tendon to Edinburgh and Back.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Loxpon, April 28--The Automobile Club
started its 1,000-mile motor ear run from Hyde
Park corner to Edinburgh and return to-day,
Seventy-five vehicles of allsorts from @ van toe
tricycle started. The run is not to bea race,
but an exhibition of the usefulness of the autoe
mobile and the skill and intelligence developed
in iis Management.

The automobiles started at7 A.M. The first ten
arrived at BristolatéP M andthelastati0 P.M.
They were not allowed to exceed a speed of from
six to eight miles an hour while passing through
towns and villages, The machines that were
ahead of the scheduled time were detained at
fixed places until the scheduled time had
elapsed, when they were allowed to proceed.
There was one accident
collision

resulting from @

 

ST. GEORGE'S DAY OBSERVED.

England Revives the Custom of Honoring Hee
Patron Saint.
Special Cable Despatch to THF SUN,
Lonpox, Apri] 23. Without in any way rivale
ling the observance of Primrose Day or Shame
rock Day, St George's Day was notably
honored Joy belle wererung and the
standards hoisted) The red rose of England
was largely worn. Although neglected in the
past, England's Patron Saint's Day will in the
future probably hold its own with the other
red-letter days tn the calendar
Phe Bociety of St George gave its annual
dinner to-night, the Rarlof Huston presiding,
Messages were received from Ambassador
Choate and the St George Society of New York,
Phe latter message was loudls cheered and@
suitable response was sent by cable

CHICAGO DOCTOR RETURNING,

Disgusted When Ked Cross Men Got to Pree
torta and Tamed Soldiers,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

LONDON, April24.--A despateh to the Daily
Marl from Lorenzo Marques, dated Monday,
says that Dr. MacNamara, one ol the physielans
attached to the Boer ambulance irom Chicago,
returned to Lorenzo Marques trom Pretoria om
Sunday night wiih the banner of the corps.
He said he was thoroughly disgusted with the
whole proceeding

A few days ago the London Daily Mat pubs
Jished a detpateh trom its correspondent at
Jworenzo Maurgues saying that early nalt ot the
penibers ol the ambulance corps from (hicag
had, en reaching Pretoria, taken on their Re
Cross badges uid accepted rifies from the
‘Sransvaai Governinent

CURZON PUNISHES SOLDIERS,

Officers and Men Disgraced for a Orime
Against a Burmese Weman,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Simna, April23. Early in isia dozen mem
belonging to the West Keot Regiment outraged
a respectable Burmese worn Ihe officers of
the regiment were apatbetlc when the matter
wus reported to themand nothing was done te
punish the offenders Lord Curzon, the
Viceroy, subsequently took the matter up and

|) caused a striet investigation to be made, with

the result that the Colonel and Sergeant-Major

\ of the reaiment have been compulsorily ree

duyvasusnal She visited the Dominican Con-
yent in Cabra road and the Abbot's town
house at Blanchardstown She was received

with cheers every where Among the guests at
tthe Viceregal Loder this evening was
-General of the Assembly of the

Githers
the Moderate

Presbyterian Chereh :
FIRE AT THE PARIS EAPOSITIOS,
Delay in Getting Water Pressure Hatses a

Serious Question.
Special Carie Despaten to LHE SUN
Panis, April v8 --Fire started in the British
restaurant in the colonial section of the Expo-

sition this afternoor No water Was available
for ten minutes, but when it was obtained the
flares were soon extinguished) The delay in
geiting (ie proper Water pressure causes the
belief thats! the fountains in the Water Palace
had been in operation. the fire would have been

diMeoutt to subdue
O'Neill's Tatlormade Suits for Womer

Ase noted for their style. Mi and Anisb. They offer
exceptional value today--see their advertisement,
Oth av, 20th to 218th Ads,

 

, and

tired, the Adjutant compelled to resign and
eit soldiers diseharged from the army,

TURKISH TORPEDO BOAT LOST.

Her Boilers Burst Near Beyrout and Twentye
three Men Were Drowned,
Special Cable Despaten to THE SUN
Beynoi dt, Ape ws The: betters of the
Turkish torpedo boat Scham exploded while
the veswel Was outside tis harbor on Saturday,
thatshe sank Twentye

eo damezing the boat

three of her crew perisued

CHINESE CATHOLICS MASSACRED,

Boxers Eighty Miles From
Pekin. -
special Cable Despaiehto THE SUN

Viex-Tstx, april 23. The Soxers have
massacred many ( hinese Roman Catholies near
Poo-Ting-Fu, eiabty niles from Pekin

Outrage by the

Bernhardt and Coquelin Coming to America.
Special Cable Despaten to LHE SUN
Lonpos, April i The Morning Posts Paris

correspondent says that Mme Kernhardt and

M Coquelin will make a tour of the United
States after the Exposition, playing “L’Atgion”
Cyrano de Kergeras

Aoctraey of Operation,

Assuring safety ‘gy one of the disunguishing chane
seristigs of the Pennsyivania Raflroad.—Ades.
’

~

 

ee