UNDER FRIENDLY FLAGS.

8T. GEORGE'S SOCIETY DINERS TALK
OF ANGLO*AMERICAN BONDS,

A Good Deal Said About the Anglo Savon
and His Civilization and About Shaking
Hands Around the Globe “Rule Britan-
nia” and ‘The Star Spangled Banner.”

The gold ballroom at Delmonico's was hung |

with British and American Mage lastnight for
the one hundred and fourteenth annual dinner
of Bt. George's Koclety At the head of the
room was alarge oil painting of Queen Vie-
toria in her coronation robes Over if were
draped two American flags, an bnelish fing
andan Irish fag Phe diners sang “Godsave
the Queen,” “Rule Brita: “The Star
Bpangled Banner” and “Divie,” the American
songs eliciting aa much applause asthe British
aire. The President of the society, George
Gray Ward, presided, and among the guests
© were Bishop Potter, Nicholas Flood ayin, M
P.; Jobn Foord, F. J. de Peyster, Wb Dodge,
Bishop Ridley of Caledonia, BOC. Dr WM
Polk, the Rey 1) Parker Morgan, Sir Perey
Banderson, Hritish Consul4ieneral in thia city
Treadwell Cleveland, Lieut -Col. Lee, military
attaché of the Britikh bkinbassy, Alexander
Maitland, Thonus G Shearman, Ff de Peyster
Foster, the Rey B Walpole Warren and dullen
T. Davie
President Ward said that all Mnwtishinen had
hoped that the di erences with the Boers could
be settled by arbitration, but that if wasjnot to
be. The war was inevitable, and potman could
say it was of England's secking, England's pur
pose from the first, he declared, was straight-
forward and honest. Lie praised the gallantry
and skill of the Irish soldiers and officers at
the front, a reference that brought out
mendous applause
The healths of the Queen and of the President

of the United States were drunk Hefore pro-
posing the latter fouet Presideut Ward said that
wherever the Brith) and Arueris yh Nags were
geen together they stood for civilization, ecdlue
cation and libert Aninsult toeither one, he
gaid, Was anafrontto the entire Anglo-Sason
Trace

Mr. Treadwe!! (levelond, in responding to the
toast, “Phe Da, Weceiebrate 6 tid that in our
Spanish war bugiand was tried in the balance
of international friendsiap and, as usnmal, not
found wanting

“Tlook upon the Boer republic as a sham re-
public,” said Mr. Cleveland I take it that the
rinciples of a republic are liberty, Justice and
ndependence, and | fail to find any of these
things embodied in the constitution of the Boer
republic. God speed the day when the Anglo-
Saxon race foe to superatiiion, upbuilder of
nations, advocate of civilization and progress
shall spread over Atrica for the Briton, over the
Philippines for America, so that we may shake
hands around the wiobe. Ameniea and Great

ritain, too large to be eneniles, too strong to

ealous "' (Applause. |

Mr. Davin, responding to the toast “The
Colonies," spoke at length upon the friendly
relations between Great Britain and the United
States, and then said

“and now we ses two ereat empires, in full
vigor, Where, aa nowhere else, law and indi-
vidual dignitware honored, both standing for
those ideas, identified with the advancing
civilization, mother and daughter, who,
having had differences, are reconciled, When
thie great Republic declared War against
Spain, there were murmurings in| Europe
hd many Frglishmen thonght President

oKinley hac done wrong Hritieh
statesmen then remembered for what great
things the great American commonwealth stood
—perhaps too, remembered that blood is thicker
than water —and plainly let it be known that if
ere were any attempt to interfere with the
eets and armies of the Stars and Stripes, ships
and fronclads flying the Uniondack would move
on the scene and putintheirword [Applause |
Republica, I am happy to believe, are as capable
of gratitude as monarchies. believe that there
ip saympethy. n the breast of the United States
or Britis!

Empire, whose traditions are
their own, and to-day, in Canada, in all our fes-
tal gatherings, public functions, public ban-
queta, the Stars and Stripes rise side by side
with the Union Jack.”

Sir Percy Sanderson and Lieut -Col Lee, who
were the next apeakera, both referred briefly to
the growing friendship between Great Britain
and the United States. Sir Percy said that he
was confident that the better the two countries

ot to know each other the better they would

ke each other Iieut -Col, Lee suid that there
was no aspiration dearer to his heart than to
see a firm bond of friendship between the two
great English speaking countries. To-day, all
over the world, he said,"they are recognized
as one in everything but name

President Ward read cablegrams that the
society had aent to Queen Victoria, the Prince
of Wales and the Princess of Wales at the time
of the attempted] assassination of the Prince,

nd the replies o thapks that had been sent

ack to the society hen some one proposed
the th of Gen. Roberta and {ft was nk

nthusiastically, everybody shouting ‘Bobs!
Bobs! Bobs'’’

Bishop Potter was down on_the programme
but pond to the toast “Our Stster Societies,”

tre

ut the major part of his addreas was devoted
a desoription of his travels He preload the
rule of the Queen in India, and net at it
meant rouch for etvilization to have England
working for light in that country.

YOUNG METHODISTS WANT TO DANCE.

Preachers Here and in Chicago Favor Modin-
cation of the Discipline.

The Rev. Dr John J. Reed of the Washington
Square Church, read to the Methodist preach-
ere at their meeting yeaterday apaperin which
he advocated strongly the repeal of the discip-
line rule apecifically mentioning danofng and
theatre going. Whawhe eaid was greeted with
hearty applause. He said that the rule was
loosely drawn, covertng some things and omit-
ting others equally !mportant; that it compels
ministers either to prooeed against their mem-
bers who commit the offences named, or to
seem to wink at wrong doing; that it drives
young people away from Methodist member-
ship and into other religious bodies, where
wiser rules prevail, than no Bishop and nofan-
nual conference will support a minister who
enforces the rule, and ne church would desire
him for pastor, that the rule is contrary to the

way fn which Christ treated such matters, that
it Was put into the discipline ina hasty manner
and by the employment of gag law; and that
many held graye doubts about its constitution-

ity.

The Rev. Mr. Kimball of the (Newark Con-
ference said that the reason the pule had not
been taken ont of the discipline) before, and
srobably wouldn't be this year, was fear that
he newspapers Would say that Methodism is

rowing worldly. Vresident McKinle perbably
yreaks every particularof this rule, Mr. Kimball
said, but Methodiats didn’t dare to tell him so
or to attemp! to put him out of the Methodts
Church. Rules of conduct were for all alike an
{fa rule existed that could pot be enforced it
ought to be repealed or Methodism ought to
find out what it stands for and what it hastn
this day arrived at

Presiding Fider Pullman said that the chief
reason the rule was not acted an four years
ago was because of a speech made by the Rev,
Dr, Joseph F. Berry, editor of the young peo-
ple’s paper of the denomination, {n whieh he
declared that young people did not want the
rule modified The editorhas now changed
his mind, and believes the young people favor
modification. The Presiding Elder, who ia a
delegate to the General Conference,vexpr
the belief that the rule will be chansed this
year, but said that something else would be
put in its piace, an advisory gtatement, in
which a declaration would be made concerning
certain forms of amusement He declared the
theatre to be worse to-day than ever before;
“bad from box offlee to rear stage door
‘sapho’ would not have been tolerated forty
vearaago. Shakespeare, whom ao many pro-
‘ens to admire, is practically banished, and in his
place are plays and players whose characters
cannot be discussed among respectable peo-
ple He thought Methodist young people
should be admonished and informed, not pro-
hibited and punished, and that [f to take the
place of the repealed clause there were putin
some such new one, the ohange could be easily
made, and yet no charge le against Methodism
that it is too cowardly to speak ita mind

CHtcago, April 28) -One of the livelieat_meet-
ings ever held in the old First Methodist Church
was witnessed at the weekly gathering of min-
isters this morning The crisis came when the
Rev. Dr. H. G. Leonard of Waukegan took the
floor

“Many of you Bishops and editors who have
been expressing yourselyes on the question of
revision of creed,’ he aaid, “have helddown fat
Jobs with enormous salaries for ten years. You
would have us «measure the Christianity
of our congregation by three things
ecard playing, theatre-going and dancing
You can’'tdeny that you use such means for
Judging the sincerity and Christianity of your
congregations. | would rather have the yvonne

vweople of my church danee, play ecards, wo to
hie theatres, and do almost anvthing else than
Many of

din the
abide

to lie and play the role of hypoerttes
them are compelled to do so when they
ehurch and solamnnts state that they wi
by all ita laws and regulations

The committee in whose hands the question
was placed last week made its report [It pre
poses that to-day's conference merorialize the

eneral Assembly to change the wording of
Article COX LVIIE, which furnishes the nucleus
for all dispute, and that the words "theatre
going, horse racing, ecard plaving, dancing,”
&ec, beastricken out. Asa substitute the fi.
lowing is offered

“The taking of such diversion as gan be

righteously indulged inin the name of the Lord |
| es Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All 4

Jesus.”
The question will be definitely decided at the
meeting on next Monday,

H BARING

It Allows the State Comptroller to Appoint
Inheritance Tax Law Appratsors.

AnMaNy, April 28 Senator Elaberg’s bill,
providing that the State Comptroller instead
of the Surrogates shall appoint the collateral
inheritance tax law estate appraisers in New
York, Kings and Erie counties, was considered
at a hearing before Gov Roosevelt to-day
Phe bill provides for five appraisers in New
York county ata salary of $4,000 each, and two
in Kings and one in Erie at a salary of $8,000

each ‘The salaries of appraisers in other coun

) ties is increased from $4 to 85 a day

Fitzgerald of New York,
Abbott of Kings, ar-
Surrogate Pitz

Surrogate Frank T
and Surrogate George B
gied tn opposition to the bill
werald said that even though the appraisers
were put upon a salary the power of appolnt-
inent Should not be taken from the Surrogate,
and that € the State Comptroller was to appoint
the appraisers In New York, Kings and Erie
countios there was no reason why he should
not Appoint them for the other counties of the
State He sald the bill interfered with the
indictal powers of the Surrogates and should
not be tolerated

Surrogate Abbott said the relation of the ap-
praiser to the’Surromate was one of pec ular
trust aud confidence, and that the appointing
power should not be changed, He sald the
propomtion to compel the Surrogate to approve
the work of a subordinate of the State Comp-
troller could not be detended “Lhe assessment
and enforcement of this tax.” sald Surrogate
Abbott, “has imposed a vast amount of work
on the Surrogate." He does not complain of
the burden, but be does insist upon the right
to administer theafairsot hiscwn offtoe The
appraisers shoula be appeinted by the Sur
rogate aud not by one of the parties to the pros
ceeding. The expenses of the appraisers, if
this Dill beeories claw. will be §a0.000 nope than
al preset Surrogate \obott lisisted that the
bill was not regulary passed by the Legisiature,
in that it was not printed and pon the desks
of the members anais final rorin (hre® calendar
legislative days, as required by the Constith-
tion

Charles H Beckett, formerly an Assistant
Surrogate ot New York, also opposed the bill,

State Couuptroller William J. Morgan, at
Whose dnstanee the bill was introduced, said
that the Fallows investigation last year of
the New York Surrogate’s courts disclored
a condition of affairs whieh pot only resulted
in the retirement of one of the Surrogates,
but intheintroduetion in the Legislature otf
a nutaber of talls designed to cure some of
the abuses disclosed, This bill was one of
the romaber, said the Comptroller, ‘and the
mauner ot fts introduction disposes of the
allegation that it is a patronage grabbing
measure. The bill is a product of a healthy
reform movement and will secure an improved
service in the administration of the Trans-
fer Tax law [tis in the interest of economy,
beth for the people and for the estates being
aettied in the Surrogate’s courta, It ealls tor
an expenditure of 647600 for appraisers in
the three counties tamed [he average cost
of holding theae appraisals in these counties
under the present svstem for the past four
years was 656.9446 51 Phis shows that there
would be an annual saving of upward of $18.-
000 a vear in tees alone, but the saving in fees
would be the smallest part of the economies
secured for every day the appraiser makes
@ charge for his services a charge is entered
up by attorneys on both sides, so that every
day the appraisal ts shortened from $10 to
#20 are saved in the way of lawyers’ tees, Fur-
thermore, the appointment of regular ap-
yraisers devoting their time and attention
EB the work would do away in a large number
of eases with the emplovinent of any attor-
neys for the State resulting in another very
material economy.’

Gov. Roosevelt has signed Assemblyman
Fallows's bill requiring the ro twice
a vear in the city records of the list of New
York city employees

MAYOR VAN WYCK'S VETOES,

He Disapproves of 86 of the 200 Bille Left
Him by the Legislature.

ALBANY, April 2% -Mayor Van Wyck has
slaughtered the bills left him by the Legisla-
ture to pass upon before ther ‘could be acted
upon by Gov. Roosevelt, Of the 200 of such
measures, Mayor Van Wyck has vetoed eighty-
five. The Mavor had until Saturday to act
on these bills. The moreimportant ones vetoed
include Senator Ahearn’s, authorizing New
York city to issue $12,000,000 in bonds to im-
prove ita water front. Assemblyman Trainor’s,
increasing the salaries of the New Fors elty
Municipal Court Justices; and Senator Phink-
itt's, enabling New York city to buy Dr Rain-
ey's charter to coustruct a bridge over Black-
well'’s Island between Manhattan and Queens
boroughs

The Mayor vetoed the bill empowering the
New York City Police Board to reinstate formner
Police Captain William Straus, but signed
the three bills of Senator Ford's, authorizing
the board to reinstate former Police Captain

chad Doherty and his former ward men,
John Hock and Bernard Meehan, who were
dismissed from the force on the evidence of
Mrs. Thurow, the keeper of a disorderly house,
before the Lexow Committee

An Escaped Convict From Aaburn Prison
Recaptured.

ALBANY, April 23. -Superiniendent of State
Prisons Collina received a report from Warden
Meade at Auburn Prison to-day telling of the
escape from the prison on Sunday of Melvin
Aunt, a twenty-vear-teri convict, and his re-

capture and return to his cellto-day Hunt
who is 80 years old, is 4 first-term convict ane
pas served since March, 188, under convicuon
or burglary, first degree, in Livingston county
By his attempt to escape Hunt has forfeited
half his commutation time, which would have
amounted to seven years and eight months,
and would have brought him out July s, tee
By the loss of the three years and ten months
ne freedom will not acerue to him until May &,
1906

HE SWINDLED THE POLICE,
A Prosperous Looking Man Who Made Mem-
bers of the Force Give Up Arrested
said Police Cap-
Gates avenue
“but there ia
that

“T feel like a country jay.”
tain David V, Lawson of
station, Brooklyn, Jast night
some satisfaction in knowing
others.”

Capt. Lawson had been swindled by a neatly
dressed and = prosperous jooking man who
represented himself as a collector for the New

est of polloemen and firemen Capt. Lawson
and several serweants and patrolmen renewed
per subscription and paid the man. After he
d left the authorized
then the police learned that they had been
ewindled. Detectives MeCloskey and Finn
were notified and last evening they arrested
the allegedawindler He said thathe was John
i Button, 48 yearaold, of 457 Madison street

@ wil be arraigned in the Gates avenue police |

etation thinevening. It is sald that Police Cap-
tatn White and a dozen men of the Bergen

street station and a number of captuina and
atrolmen of the of the Department in Man-
attan were victimized in the same manner

Warren to Govern tn Bechuanaland.
Speetal Cadle Despatch to THE SUN
Dunpan, NATAL, April 28 Gen Sir’ hares
Warren, who has been reileved of his command
under Gen. Buller, has boen appointed Admin-

istrator of British Bechuanaland and not Gov. |

ernor of the Orange Free State, as waa reported
upon bis arrival here from the front

Canadian Trooper Dies.
Spertal Cadle Despatch to Tur SUS
CARNARVON, Cape Colony, April?’ Trooper
Woolcombe of the Canadian contingent died in
the hospital here to-day trom plourisy and en-
teric fever

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN.

Justice Stover has granted an absol ite divorce to
Bernard ‘Trebruggen from Augusta |rebreg@en,

WilMam O'Malley, @ plasterer out of work, killed
himself yesterday by taking carbolie acid at 62 East
Kighty fifth street, where he had cone in seareh of a
former employer.

Mayor Van Wyck bas siened the ordinance gdopted
by the Municipal Assembly, providing for §147,u00
bonds for extensions and alterations to the Depart
ment of Charittes buildings in Hrooklyn

Martin Sweeney, who shot and Killed James Jal
crow, Khe night clerk of the Waverley lodging house
at 352 Bighth avenue on December 12, plead
before Justice Fursman in the Criminal Court yes
terday to murder in the second degree. On Friday
he will be sentenced to imprisonment for Ife,

While Polleeman John K. MeMahon was eonvoy
ing several women across the Circle yesterday after

noon an eastbound car struck bam and knocked him |
on to the aljecent track, where a westbound car threw |

; men

him on to an Elggth avenve carfender. He was so
badly Drulsed thathe will be off duty for several days

Coroner's Physictan (Hanlon yesterday sinvesti

gated the death in the New York Hospital of Gertrude |

Despain, @ Chieago dressmaker. She was removed
to the hospital from the boarding house at 8 Weet
lwenty second street on Sunday afternoon, and it
was thought that her {Illness was due to eating shad
roe, An autopsy showed that death was due to a
rupture

To Cure a Cold in One Day.

ate refund the money if tt tails to cure, K
TOve's siguature isvn each bos, 25c,—Ade,

ov susmenc's Bitt- | BRITISH FLANKS HARRIED.

| that revolvers were ised on both sides
there are |

collector called and |

j he had

' day and Thursday nights

guilty |

THE SUN, TUESDAY, APRIL

BOERS CATCH SOME OF RUNDLE'S
MEN AND CLOSE ON BOSHOF,

Roberts Sends Pole-Carew and Also Two
Cavalry Brigades Under French to Randle
British Party Captured at an Outpost
Leeuw Kop Taken by Pole-Carew,
Special Cable Despatches to THM SUN,

LONwON, April 24. The war news is praotl-
cally confined to Gen Roberts'4 announces
ment that reenforeements are going to Gen
Rundle Two days’ marching still sep
frates them It is now considered up
likely that Gen Roberta will move until
Wepner is relieved and the Boers there defeated
or driven off There has been no serious fght-
ing for several days. The engagements on
which the British correspondents are now
dilating bave been nothing more than advance-
guard skirmishing

The Telegraph's correspondent at Boshof, in
a despatch dated Monday, says that the Boers
are closing in on that town. Their nearest
laager is only five miles away, but the route to
Kimberley is open

Lonpon, April 22—The following despatch
from Gen Roberts has been received at the War
Office

“* BLOBMPONTELN, April 23-—-Rundle reporta
that twenty-five of the First Worcesters are
tiiasing. Fifty-three were sent with Wood to
an outpost after dark. Only eighteen returned

“| despatched Pole-Carew and two brigades
of cavalry under French hence yesterday to
assist Rundle. The force reached Karrlefentein
without much opposition.”

Here Gen, Roberts inserts the casualties, which
were two killed, thirty-one wounded and two
missing, and then adds

“Pole-Carew's mounted Infantry — seized
Leeuw Kop, ahigh hill a few miles north of
their last night's position The eneiny evacu-
ated hurrjediy, leaving some rifles and am-
munition”

A despatch to the Central News from Wak-
kerstroon, dated yesterday, says the British are
greatly extending their lines, Thelr position
now ia now inost advantageous and ts within
easy striking distance of the Boers, who are
clearly visible in great force

BLOEMFONTEIN, April 28 —Gen Pole-Carew
occupied the waterworks before proceeding to
Leeuw Kop Hemet with only slight oppost-
tion

ELANDSLAAGTE, Natal, April 28 --The report
that the Boers are moving their guns and
leaving the Blawarsberg district is without
foundation

SUNNYSIDE REBELS CONVICTED,

They Made No Defence, Saying They Couldn't
Get Fatr Trial in Cape Town,

Special Cable Despatchito THE SUN

From THE SUN'S Correspondent at Cape Town

Cape Tows, April 23. The trial of thirtye
nine Sunnrside rebels began this morning be-
fore Acting (Chief Justice Buchanan The Hon
R. Solomon, the Attorney-General, conducted
the prosecution. The prisoners’ counsel applied
for a postponement on several grounds He
sald that Cape Town was not a proper place
to hold the trial and he wanted a change of
venue. Healso said that tmportant witnesses
for the defence were not present. The Court
refused to grant a postponement, whereupon
the counsel for the prisonera abandoned the
defence and left the court room. The prisoners
refused to plead to the Indictments against
them and the Court directed the Registrar to
enter a plea of not guilty forthem A jury was
empanelied and the trial went on

The prosecutor produced affidavits concern-
ing the witnesaea the prisoners wished to call,
Most of them are in arms with the Boers

All the defendants were convicted Three of
the ringleaders were sentenged to five years’
penaleervitude The others were sentenced to
three years’ imprisonment, excepting several
youths, who were condemned for from six
months to a vear, according to their ages

BOER ORDER TO BRITISH WOMEN,

Those Whose Husbands Have Departed Must

leave the Transvaal,

Special Cable Despatcnto TRE SUN

From THE SUN'S Correspondent at Jonannesburg
JOHANNESAURG, April 21, via Lorenzo Mar-
ques, Aprii23) The Government Comrilttee of
Publle Order has notified all the British women
whose husbands left the country before or dur-
ing the war that they must also leave the Trans-
vaal Exceptions are made, however, in the
cases of widowea of Britizh subjects who have
ehildren and British women of good character
who are able to support themselves Thenotice
says that all women who are obliged to leave
are to be treated well and that special attentlon
must be paid to sick or aged persons who cone

under the operations of the order

.
AMERICAN SCOUTS IN A FIGHT,

One of the Men Killed by Them Formerly in
Kuffalo Bill's Show.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

From THE SUN'S Correspondent with the Boere

Branprort, O FOS,
Marques, April 23- A
scouts serving with the Boers made a recon-
noissance early to-day as far asthe Modder
River They cameinto contact with a force of
British scouts and a vigorous fight) occurred,
the combatants getting so close to each other
During

April 21, via Lorenzo
patrol of American

this close flebting a brother of Lieut. Corn, who |

formerly belonged to Buffalo Bill's Wild Weat
show, but who upon the outbreak of the war

joined Loch’s Horse, was killed = Another seout

) was captured who hadin his possession, t
York Chronicte, a paper publishedin the inter. | ' : re : eet

of certain parts of the Grange Free State,
whieh the British have renamed Brandesia

The Britlh engineers are building a new
bridge across the Modder River

Sergt John Clark of the Fifth Lancers, who
has been with the Wild West show for the past
five years, was positive last night that heknew
the man who had been killed

“LT think the name should be Kerwin,’’ he
said. “In the season of 1806-07 we hadtwo
English soldiera in our show of that name One
of them was Jolin Kerwin, who was a non-com-

| missioned oMeer in the First Class Army Re-

serve ‘The other was his brother, Arthur Ker-
win of the Twenty-first Lancers. Jobn Kerwin
was a famous horseman and did most of the
fancy tricks inthe rough-riding evhihition of
the English soldiers When he returned
to Fogland in ‘97 joined the Fifth
Lancers and he with Kitchener
in the Soudan
backin the army again After bis return to
England in ‘v7 he left the army and went into
business. [suppose that the call to arms for
volunteers may have got Arthur back into the
service The lieutenant must have been John,
aod the brother, who was killed Arthur, for
Johns service in the Soudan and the fact tha:
retnained continually with the army
would make him rank his brother. By the way,
a numberof Germans who are now fighting

he
was

with the Boers were with our show that same |

year. I have often wondered if the Kerwins

| and the Germans, once friends, would get a

whack at each other.’

| COULDN'T STAY IN THEIR TRENCHES,

Rain Forced the British Out and so Many
Were Shot at Jammersburg.
Special Cable Despatch to TRE SUN

TuaBa N'Cav, 0. F 8 (undated), via Lorenzo
Marques, April 23. A Boer despatch says that
there was fighting at Jammersburg on Wednes-
The firing was in-
The British trenches were so full of
rain that the men were obliged tojump out of
them, and they were shot. The Boers were so
wet thatthey were tunable to sleep. They,
therefore, started a debate on the question of
the good to be derived fron virtue and courage

The Cape Mounted Rifles lost 120 out of 500
Twelve prisoners were taken and are
now on the way to Pretoria) The burghers de-
clare that the British they met at Jammers-
burg were the best farce they had vet encoune
tered

cessant

Hospital Ship Maine at Southampton.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
SovTHamPton, April 28) The hospital ship
Maine arrived here this afterncon from South
Africa

I did not know that Arthurwas |

| self through the heart this mornin

COAL STRIKES NEAR SCRANTON,

Union Orders Out the Men Because of the
Discharge of Two Careless Workmen,

ScuHANTON, Pa, April 2a. Twelve hundred
men and boy miners employed at the Jermyn
No. 1 and 2 collieries in Old Forge went outon
strike this morning because two oftheir number
were discharged and because there was general
complaint of the dockage system in vogue at
themine. It was at these mines that a strike
occurred early last winter, The mine owners
at that time granted the demands of the men,
the women in the little settlement having taken

matters in their hands. They paraded the
streets, hanged the mine owners In eMflgy and

made such an assanit upon one of them that he |
| Lontse, the fourth daughter of the Queen

was compelled to flee The non-union men
were in daily fear of the women fora week

Jobn Jermyn, the millionaire owner of the
tine, said to-day that the strike was due to
the fact that his son, Kdward Jermyn, dis-
charwed two men for sending out dirty coal
Themen deserved their punishment and will
not be taken back under any circulmsfances:
The men have recently become members of
Local Union 306 and say that they will have
plenty of suppert in their strike There was a
suspension y work in the William A. colliery,
in Dunmore to-day, owned by Congressinan
Connell About six hundred men and boys are
out of work, Itis anid that they had decided
on a strike, but the mine owners got ahead
of them

UNION PRINTERS TURNED DOWN.

Effort to Set Up a State Printing Establish-
ment in Massachasetts Beaten.

Boston, April 23. Boston Typographical
Union was turned down again to-day by the
House of Representatives in an effort to have
such action taken as would result in the State
establishing its own printing plant where ail
State documents and reports would be printed
Some time ago a bill was introduced into the
Honse, at the instance of Boston Typograph-
ical Union, for the establishment of, a& State
plant runonthe same lines as that of the city
of Boston, and several hearings were given on
the matter, but the committee brought
in an adverse report 9 The petition from
the union was offered as substitute or-
der for the adverse report and requested
that a joint special committee be appointed to
sit during the recess of the Legislature to in-
vestigate the relative merits of the existing
systemn of doing the printing as compared with
the system of State ownership and the opera-
tion of aState printing plant. The committee
was tobe paid for its work. The petition was
defeated

SYMPATHETIC STRIKE BROKEN.

West Virginia Miners, Tired of Idleness, Go
Back to Work.

CUMBERLAND, Md, April 28. Toeday the
sympathetic strike of the miners in the lower
Potomac section of West Virginia, in behalt of
the 5,000 miners who are outin the contiguous
George's Creek district of Maryland, was
broken One hundred men entered the Hamp-
shire, six-foot vein, mine, and went to work
Sixteen miners went to work in the Buston
mine, and more will go in to-morrow

The West Virginia strikers number about
seven hundred, and their present dissatistac-
thon, the result of inactivity, indicates that all
of them will be at work by the last of the week,
despite the efforts of naitators to keep then
out Many of the Cieorge’s Creek miners are
leaving for other regions The agitators are
using all means tokeep the men inline, but a
break isexpected The Kev Father Don Sar-
tori preached to a great number of miners at
Midland vesterday He told them to go back
to work and enjoy happiness and prosperity

BOSTON PAINTERS

Sixty Firms Grant the Increase of Wages and
Only About 700 Men Go Out,

Bosion, April23.- The demand of the painters
and decorators of this city for an Increase in
wages from $2 50 to $2.75 per day was granted
by about sixty firms to-day and only about
7) men went out on a strike, owing to the
refusal of their employers to give in. The
master painters assert that they will re-
sist the union determinedly, as
ness {s exeeedingly dull this spring

andthatit is virtually 'mpossible to pay the
advance requested The unjon leaders say
that the work has teen held back until the
question of wages bas been settled They call
attention to the amount of work in the city
that, under special agreement, must be done
by union men and say that unless the remain-
ing 40 percent of nuylelding employers give
in, allof this trade will be divided among the
present Arme which have granted the increase

STRIKE.

busi-

Batchers' Strike Precipitate.

The managers of the three New York ahat-
tolrsot Swift & Co. say that their butchers
struck without first ascertaining whetheror not
their wages, would be reduced. General Man-
awer Noyes of the abattoir at Fifty-ninth street
and Eleventh avenue said yesterday “It was
hot the intention of the company to change the

system of payment at any but the West Chirty-

| ninth street place and the men there were as-

Etght
forty-six strikers have returned to work
will come back to-

surred that their wages would not beeut
oft the
and Lexpeet thar the rest
morrow

Bullding Strikes a Fizzle.

The Board of Walking Delegates did not

carry out its intention yesterday of ordering |

general strikes on the buildings at Broadway

and Cedar street and Broadway and Chainbers |

street, where it was said non-union electrical
workers were at work Instead of 500 tnen in
various trades being called out, the electrical
workers only, about twenty-five in all, quit

Girls Delegated to Collect Money for Strikers.
Phe committee of Me strikers in Kerbs, Wert-
heim & Schiffers cigar factories appointed 100

girls vesterday to go through the city and
solicit contributions forthe stnikers ‘The girls
werasent out in teams of two each

1 SOLDIER KILLS HIMSELF,

After Firing 1§0 Bullets Into a House of
Which His Girl Was an Inmate.

PLarispuns, NY, April 24 Corporal
Harry Matthews, Company ©, Fifteenth
fantry, stationedat Viattsburgy Barracks, com-
mitted suicide at an early hour this morning,
after literally filling a house with bullets from
his army rifle Matthews was infatuated with
Stella Hlarmilten, an tomate of
House, a sporting resort
tion, and, learning that she was
told her on Sunday afternoon that be wonld
killher before he would allow her to go
Shortly after midnight he stole out of his’quar-

hear (the reserva

tera inf{the barracks with his Krag-Jorgensen |

rifle and 150 rounds of ammunition, and started
for the Lakeview Admission to the house was
refused him and he began firing and for two
hours kept up a constant fusilade, many of the
bullets going entirely through the building
Every time he heard a voice or noise of any kind
he would fire in the direction from which it
came One of the bullets hit the Hamilton
woman in the arm, causing a painful flesh
wound The house is riddled with bullet holes
and jooks like @ battered sieve

When he had but one cartridge left he walked
about a quarter of a mile from the house where
he put themuzzleof the gunin his mouth and
with astick fired it, the bullet coming ont of
the topot lis head Matthews was
years of age aud betore joining the Army at the
opening of the Spanish-\imerican War resided
in New York tie was buried this afternoon
with military honors aus

about 35

Newberry Frost's Gardener Tries Snicide.

Hempstean, 1. 1, April 23. Townsend Losea,
45 years old, gardener for Newberry H. Frost
of New York, who has a eountry residence
here, attempted suicide this afternoon He
went home to his dinnerinan ugly mood The

dinner didn’t suit him and he began to rave
and grabbing a carving knife he slashed both
wrists, severing the arteries Dr Charles
Ludiam tied the arteries and said that Losea
would live TLosen has a family of six dauwh-
ers

Woman Seeks Death in the River.
Marie Garrett of 212 West Fourteenth street,

attempted suicide by jumping overboard from |
a Jersey Central railroad float at the foot of |

West Fifteenth street last night
Jordan of the steamboat squad
Matthew Conklin of 502 West Sixteenth street
who saw the woman leap, fished her out with a
bout hook and she was taken to the New York
Hospital

Policeman

Pushed the Trigger With the Stove Poker.

Danxnarny, Conn, April 23. -Willlam Welby,
aged 39, a well-known Danbury man, shot him-
in a fit of
despondeney Heuseda heavy charge of shot
inan old-fashioned gun He leanedagainst .he
muzzle and pushed the trigver with @ stove
poker His aged father, Henry Welby, discov-
ered his body

Real Estate Man Commits Suicide.

Edward Phillips, a real estate agent of 130

Calver street, Greenpoint, committed suicide on
®@unday night by inhaling illuminating gas.

} his home in Philadelphia ve-terday

In- |

Ww mrt
the Lakeview | Was burted
!

to leave, he |

| The tnfant

assisted by |

24, 1900.
|DUKE OF
|

ARGYLL DEAD.

SUCCEEDED BY LORNE WHO MAR-
RIED PRINCESS LOUISE.

His Career in Literature, Politics and Other
Fields a Notable One-tn Several Cabinets
He Was Three Times Married He was
Head of the Great Campbell Clan.

Spectal Cable Despatch to ‘THE SUN

LONDON, Aptil 24 George Douglas Camp-
bell, eighth Duke of Argyll, died at 235 o'clock
this morning at his residence, Inverary Castle,
Ara@yilshire He is succeeded by his son, the

Marqula of lorne, who married Princess

The Right Hon. George Douglas Campbell,
eighth Duke of Argyll, was born in Ardincaple
Castle, Dumbartonshire, in 1823, and
while he was Marquis of Lorne became
known as an author, political orator and re-
ligious controversialist, thus establishing early a
repttation for activity in many flelds which it
seems to have been the main endeavor of his
life to inerease, Upon the death of his father
inJk7he became Duke and was thereafter a
frequent speaker in the House of Lords, on
Scotch and Chureh  topies particularly,
Interesting himself in educational matters, he
became Chancellor of the University of St. An-
drews and afterward rector of the University
of Glasgow. Selence also claimed bis attention,
and after presiding over the deliberations of
the British Association forthe Advancement of
Science, he became President of the Royal So-
ciety of Edinbure

His notable politieal activity began in 1852
when he entered the Cabinet of the
Farl of Aberdeen as Lord Privy Seal
Tn 1855 he became Postmaster-General and in
186) he again beeame Lord Privy Seal, thia
tine in the Cabinet of Lord Palmerston

In 18¢8 he was Secretary of State for India in
Glad@tone's Cabinet, but he went out when
Gladstone was defeated Upon Gladstone's
return to power in Iss he again entered the
Cabinet, Nie tine becoming again Lord Privy
Seal tn consequenceot a disagreement with
his colledgues, he resigned in 1sst He was a
Whig and supported Home Rule

He was three times married, his first wife bein
the second danghter of the Dukeof Sutherland,
and his seeond the daughter of the pishop
of St Albans and the widow of Col,
Anson. Jn 1805, being then 72) veara of
awo, he married Ina Erskine MeNeill, one of the
Queen's extra bed-chamber women His son,
the Marquis of Lorne, who succeeds to the
title, was present at the wedding

Phe late Duke was inthe habit of trottin
around Loudon on foot carrying a smallan
usnially somewhat stlabby hand satehel and
looking ike anything buta peer of the realm
andastatesinan Heawas much beset by eab-
bies during his swift foot journeys and_ had
strong opinions as to the wickedness of the
London Jehus

fhe Riwht Hon John Douglas Sutherland
Campbell, GMLG., LED, Dose, DL. MP,
present Duke of Argyll, is ason of thelate Duke
yy obis first wife, having been born in’ 1845
Like his father, he issomething of an Admiral
Crichton, striving to do many things and
dothen: well He is a poet, a traveller, a his-
torian, 0 librettist, a shining social Haht, some
thing of a politielan and a little of a scientist. 1
187) he married the Princess Louise, fourth
daughter of Queen Victoria Hehas beena
member of Parliament for Argyllshire

The Campbells are one of the most noted
fainilies in Great Britain, dating back aa
nobility to the thirteenth century, though they
werea powerful clan long before that The
first Campbell to become noted was Colin Camp-
bell, who for his services in the latter part of
the thirteenth century was madea peer and got
the naine of MacCaiain More, meaning a great
chiel, because of is prowess in war That
name now changed to NA allum More, bas been
tiw tithe ofeach sueceeding head of the Camp-
bell clan

The late Duke was not a rich man for one
whohad such a weight of honors to uphold,
and he had the reputation of — being
a harsh Jandlord = Early in hia career be put
up prohibitory signposts all over. his
domain and the hardy Seots used to back
up against them and comfortably serateh their
backs, exekviniing at the same time, “God
Hiess the Dike of Argyll,” asaying which has
sinee been current in Scotland in a somewhat
satinioal sense

OBITUARY,

Fdward F. Chase, a retired broker anda
member of the New York Yacht Club, of which
he was Vice-Commodore in 1884, died yester-
day morning at his home, 88 Union Square,
Fast, of pneumonia after an i!lness of five days
Mr. Chase was born in Rhode Island in 1840
He enlisted for the Civil War with a cavalry

regiment from that State, entering the Volun-
teer service as a sergeant-major and retiring
at the endof the war with the rank of Captain
He was a prisoner at Andersonville for etgh-
teen montis. After the war Mr. Chase came
to this city where he acquired a fortune as a
broker When lie retired several years ago
he was senior member of the firm of Chase
& Higwinson, Mr (hase was a widower

Jacob Fonda, a successful business man of
Port Jervis, died Sunday from the effects of an
operation on the prostate land, He was
as years old and martied) He came to Port
Jervis from Fonda. \. Y., about eighteen veara
Ago with 10 cents in his pe fis maternal
great-grandfather was an English nobleman
and his paternal great-grandfather a Spanish
Krandee, Sons of these came to America and
settled in the Mohawk Valley, where his grand-
father founded the village of Fonda, whieh
bears his name. Mr. Ponda was captain of
the Port Jervis fire polloe

German Stout. aged 44, a Kentucky Repree
sentative from Woodford county, Blackburn's
home. a welleknown polticlan and horseman
and the owner of the Glen Lake stock fann,
died at Georgetown, Ky vesterday, after a
iT ness He seconded the recent nom-
inetion of Blackburn for Senator in the Dem-
eeratico canes, following Goebel's speech,
He was one of Blackburn's leaders and was
an ardent supporter of Goebel and Bryan,
He leaves a wife

James M. Kraemer, a civil engineer, died at
He was

chief engineer of
a large area of Florida which is now valuable
orange and other fruit-erowing land and he
was also President of the Tropteal Exposition,
held several years awo in Jacksonville, Fla
Charles Hoss, head of the firm of Charles
Koss & Son, mauufacturers of machinery,
died yesterday at lis home, 66 Hancock street
Brooklyn, in his sixty-fourth vear
Phomas Barrett of Dunmore, Pa, near Soran-
aved 103 years, 3 mouths and 21 days,
Vesterday

for

WOTHER AND CHILD DROWNED,

Their Bodtes Found tn the Water Company's
Reservotr.

SHAMOKIN, Pa, April 2a. Mrs William Saus-
ser disappeared from her home this morning
with her in’ant daughter At 10 o'clock to-
night thelr bodies were found inthe Shamokin
Water Company's reservoir in Brush Valley

f was pressed tightly against the
mother's breast) When the bodies were found
the Imountains were being seoured by 2.000
men and boys, including the Shamokin Pire

Department Tt is thought likely that Mrs
Sausser committed suicide

&32,35 will dress your coach.

man in country livery—complete |

—correct.

1 sult of whipeord

1 square top hat

1 half-dozen coachman’s collars
3 coaciman’s searfs

1 pair sadcler sewn gloves

$25.90
$3.00
$135
$1.50
$1.50

$32.38
Breeches and leggins Instead of

trousers
Coat instead of Jucket

$9.50 additional
$ 2.00 additional

Everything every man ser-
vant, indoor or outdoor, wears.

Rocers, Peet & Company.

258 Broa@@ay, cor. Warren.
569 Rroadway, cor. Prince

We fill ord
1260 Uroadway, cor. 328 on

by mail,

the company that drained |

witht

AT

BEST &C

[JPUTIAN 244R

Shirt Waists

For Girls.

Our assortment of these goods includes more complete line

of atvles and sizes than i
us to fit every girl neatly
simple, and have an air of y

what they are—shirt waists made espe

Pretty colors in bias or straight effects, adjustable

cuffe, Te,

Percales in larwe variety, fi
fhe

Very ‘fine percelea in beautifal colors,
tachable collars and round cuffs, $1.34.

Fancy white materials,
backs, detachable collars, 61.45.

Also « large assortment of more expensly

linens, chambeays, madras, and fancy white materials,

$4.50,

60-62 West 23d Street.

PRIEST IN A BARRICADE.
AIDES AT HOME FROM A MOB OF
HIS PARISHIONERS.

Preached Against Speak-Easies and Was
Warned Not to Do So Again Defied His
People at the Altar and Was Run Out of
the Church--Fled to His Residence.

ALTooNA, Pa., April 23.. The populous Polish
part of the mining town of Dubois is excited
and the pastoral residence of the Polish ¢ ath-
olic Chureh in a state of siege as a result of a
campaign against illicit liquor selling begun
a few weeks ago by Father Szyuski, pastor of
the congregation. The priest bad remonstrated
in vain with certain members of his flock against
the speak-easies which he alleged they con-
ducted His admonitions took on the form of
sermons, and he was waited on by a committee
of the Poles and informed that if he preached
Another sermon on the speak-easy question
he would be driven out of the town. Placards
were posted on the front door of his residence
that were insulting and threatening

Goaded by these persecutions Father Szyu-
ski caused warrants to be issued for the arrest
of several of the leading members of the con-
wregation, and last Sunday morning publicly
denounced them in their presence from the
pulpit. During his remarks half of the con-
wregation left the church Ontaide they held
asmeeting and determined to drive the pnest
trom the town. Entering the church ina body
they drove out the non-sympathizers and de-
clared to the priest. who stood unmoved before
the altar, that unless he retracted he would
be “shot down on the street and the dogs would
lick up his blood" Father Szyuski hurled
defiance at the mob, who finally became so
threatening that he was forced to flee to his
residence which adjoins, reaching it by a side
entrance

The Poles followed and proceeded to bom-
bard the parsonage with stones. The assault
was continued until dark when the main body
of rioters retired, leaving a sufficient number
to guard the place. About midnight a candle
light was seen at one of the windows on the
second floor and two bullets were sent in ite
direction. At the last accounts the sonage
was still surrounded by the angry Poles who
had carried their campaign to the extreme of
opening UR @ speak-easy in the pastor's yard.
To-night the local authorities are organigiog
with the intention of raiding the mob. The
Poles are armed, and an ugly fight is antici-

ated. They threaten to burn the parsonage

efore they will surrender to the authorities.

ELDER DIED FIRST, IN LAW,
Decision Concerning Fetates of Two Women
Lost on the Bourgogne,

NEw ORLEANS, April 23. The Supreme Court
of Loulsiana to-day decided the case of Mrs
Pauline Langles and Miss Angele angles, who
were drowned together when the Bourgogne
waslost. The Langles were wealthy residents
of New Orleans and were on their way to Paris.
There was no evidence as to which of the two
died firat. They had left their fortunes to each
other, but in each will was a provision
thatifthelegatee wasto die before the testatrix
the money was to be usedin the erection of a
hospital for women as an annex to the Charity
Hospital! — Provision was also made for the
erection of anexpensivetomb The heirs sued
onthe ground that the women died simulta-
neously and opposed the expenditure of a
tomb because neither of the bodies was re-
covered The court holds that the law of
Louisiana does not presume the simu) taneous
death of two persons, but presumes that the
younger survived the elder. Henoe the pro-
perty all descended to Miss Langles and her
provision in regard to a hospital must stand.
Aas for atotub, the court decides that {t means

siinply a monument and need not contain the
bodies

FOUND DEAD IN EACH OTHER'S ARWS,
A Married Man and a Girl of Eighteen Die
Together by Turning on the Gas.

PHILADELPHIA, April 23 --Charles F. Rosen-
baum, @ young married man, maneger of a
pawnshop on Germantown avenue, and Miss
Florence Hunold, 18 years of age, who until a
few weeks ago lived with her parenta in
Delanco, N. J., were found dead, locked in each
other's arms, in the second-story room above
the store this morning Several gas jets were
found turned on and the crevices between the
door and the jamb hod been stuffed with rags
Rosenbaum was suing his wife for divorce
The pawnshop belonged to Mrs Hooke of
Lancaster, Pa’ About a week ago it was dis-
covered that Rosenbaum had forged her name
toa draft for 80 He was ordered to make
restitution, and to-day was the time set for
him to return the money or be arrested = It ia
own whether he forced the girl to die
Um, whether he first killed her, or
whether she chose voluntarily to dle with him

Bank Clerk ta Richmond, Va., Missing.

RicuMonp, Va, April23. Winston Granbery
has been missing mysteriously from his home
here for @ week. He held a responsible clerk-
ship with the Merchants’ National Bank. The
officials of that institutionsay that his accounts
are in perfeot shape. Granbery served with
the Richmond Blues in the Spanish-American
War. Heisason of Kishop John C. Granbery
of the Methodist Episcopal Church South, and
a brother-in-law of the Rev. W. B. Beauchamp,
pastor of the Broad Street Methodist Church
n thie city.

Judges for Intercollegiate Debate.

PRINCETON, N. J., April 23. From the list of
nine names submitted by Yale, the intercol-
legiate debating committee at Princeton has
selected Prof W
President Andrew VV. Raymond of
College, and former Mayor WoL. Strong of
New York to act as judges at the annual debate
between the universities here on May 8,

The Weather.

Cloudy and sh wery conditions prevailed over about
all the ¢ yesterday, heavy rain, measuring
4.54 tices, fellat New Orleansin twenty four bours
and morethan an inet at Vieksburg. The pressure
was low everywhere east of the Rocky Mountains ex
ceptin the upper Lake section. Dense fox enveloped
the Atlantte ¢oastin the mornirg

Heavy showers fell in the upper part of this eity in
the morning and light showers over nearly all the
elty In the afternoon; average humidity, 4) per cent:
wind east to northeast, average velocity 10 miles an
hour, barometer, corrected to read to sea level, ALa A
M. 20.90 3 P.M. 20 A9,

Phe temperature as recorded by the offictal ther-
mioineter, and also by THE SUN'S thermometer at the
street level, is shown in the annexed table

—UMeiai~ Sun's: —-OMciai~ Sun's
1B0O. 1499. LyOO 1WOu, 1499. 1900
9A. M.57° ou 40° 6P. M. 5A" ‘oe 62°

12M 5A fA 44* OP. M..58° ase 55°
3P. M56? 70? 60° 12 Mid... 50 6u" Bae

WASHINGTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND ‘ro
MORROW

untry

For New England and New Jersey, fairto day and
Wednesday. fresh north winds

For eastern New York, fair today, with cooler in
north portion; Wednesday fair: fresh north winds,

For eastern Pennsylvania,tcloudy and cooler to
day, fresh north winds, Wednesday fair

For the District of Columbia, Delaware, Maryland
and Virginia, partly cloudy and possibly showers to
day; Wednesday fatr. fresh north winds

For western Pennsylvania and Ohio, fair in north,
showers in south portions today; Wednesday fair,
fresh northeast winds.

For weayern New York, fair to-day and probably
Wednesday, fresh northeast winds

A. Dunning of Columbia, | Academy

Union |

give up coffee, but

erly, I
troubles. The unpleasant sensation of faint-

be the beverage of the
| destined to supplant coffee everywhere

) proved tn health by the use of it

s carried by the general stores, enabling

and comfortably.
outhful prettiness that stamp them for

They are dainty and

cially for misses and children

collars and attached
‘

route out on bias, tucked at top, high collate,
straight plaited backs, high de-
corded atripe effects, bias fronts, straight plaited

e atyles and materials—imported

from $2.75 to

Sale of
Slightly Soiled

Table Linens.

We have in our linen stock
139 Irish Linen Double
Damask Table Cloths — no
napkins to match—some are
slightly soiled and mussed
from handling ; we place them
on our counters as an odd lot,
at greatly reduced prices.

Table Cloths, at $2.35 each,
former price $3.50.
Table Cloths, at $3.95 each,
former price $5.50.

Table Cloths, at $8.75 each,
former price $13.50.

Table Cloths, at $14.50 each,
former price $21,00.

Table Cloths, at $26.75 each,
former price $38.00,

Dinner Napkins,

no cloths to match,
133 dozen, at $2.85 dozen,
value $3.75.

Towels,
259 dozen Fine Huck, at

$4. 20 dozen,
or 35c. each,

Lord Taylor,

Broadway & 20th St.

NEW HAVEN

DANCING FPLAME,

Crowds Watch the Diluminated Spook isa
Mapledale Cemetery.

New Haven, April 28 —To-night is the fifth
since the first appearance of the “dancing
flame" at Mapledale Cemetery and hundreds of
persons have watched its travels about the
grounds, but not one has offered a solution of
the; mystery. It Is believed by most
persons that the phenomenon admits of
a aimple explanation, but there are
those who hold that the manifestation is ca\eed
by a restless spirit. On Saturday a large crowd

gathered at the cemetery gates, but nothing
out. of the ordinary occurred On Sunday
night another gathering met with the same
treatment. To-night, however, the ‘flame’
reappeared and danced and cavorted Several
bold persons entered the cemetery, but the
“flaine’ vanished when a near approach was
made, only_to appear ina place quite distant
Residents of the neighborhood are much pere
turbed and earnestly wish that the manifestas
tion, natural or supernatural, would cease

MEXICO'S ECLIPSE EXPEDITION,

Observations to Be Taken on May 28 Near
Monterey.

MONTEREY, Mex, April 28 -The preliminary

arrangements have been completed for taking

! the official observations in Mexico of the total

eclipse of the sun on May 2k = These observa-
tions will be made by the National Observatory
under direction of the Federal Government.
The places selected for taking them are Moite=

morelos and Santa Helena, both near Monterey

The astronomers appointed to perform thea
work are Francisco Rodrigues Rey, Manuel
Morenoy Landa, Manuel Pasirana, Fernandes
de Lindro, Augustin Aradon and Pedro Sanchez

Miss Rose 1) Fallorend of California, Secretery
of the Astronomical Association of the Pacifla
Coaat, will also take observations of the eclipse
from Santa Helena

Valuable Sotentific Collection Bequeathed,

PHILADELPHIA, April 23. The will of Charias
F Smith, forinerly Preddent of the Philadei-
phia and Reading Railway Company, disposes
of an estate valued at haifa tnillion dollars.
His botanical books, pamphlets, mapsand letters
relating to thataubject are bequeathed to the
} of Natural Sciences with hit collec
tion of dried plants These are to be kept sep a>
rate, but may be added to by other collectors
and must be open for students. His books on
fron, coal, mining and railroad statistics are to
eo to the Franklin Institute

Boy Gone With a Pistol.
The police were asked yesterday to send out
an alarm for Leon Levy, 17 years old, who dis-

appeared from his home at 2%4 East Broadway
last Friday, and to ask the police at Savannali
to look for him, because the fay is believed to
have sailed to that place. His parenta say that
before leaving New York he sould his bieycle and
purchased a revolver

SUPPLANT COFFEE.

Belief of a Raymond Lady.
Mre J.T. Bartlett, Raymond, N. H. saves "'T

suspected that coffee was the cause of my per
sistent dyspepsia und terrible feeling of wenk-

ness and faintnessat the heart. It was hard ta
when [ got some Postum
1 Coffee and learned how to make it prop-
quickly obtained rehef from the old

Fo

ness at the heart has entirely gone
“When LOrst tried Postum I failed to notice

| the injunction to boilit Afteen minutes, and so

let it boll just a few minutes, asf would coffe

| was disappointed in the flavor, and didr
try Ht again untiltold by a friend that this was
one of the absolute essentiagis. Dhave sinee of
served the rule and am entirely satisfied «itt
the drink. Itissimply perfect. 1 believe itr
future, and thar it

“One of our business men here has been jr
Noone coud
wish to return to coffee drinking atter proper
testing your delightful and healthful Postum

, Food Coffee."

Made at the pure food factories of the Postum

Cereal Co., Lid., Battle Creek, Mich.—-Ade