CLARK'S ELECTION VOID.

ont OF THE SENATE COMMIT
rE IN THE MONTANA CASE.

 

BrP
' T
tee Declare That the Charges of
Have Heen Established and That
Is Vatrly to Be Charged With
dge of the Acts Done in His Behalf.

wasirinaton, April 23.--Aa
1 thia morning @ report on the Mark

The commit
Bribery
(lark
Knowle

ate: me
on ¢ lection case Was made by Mr. Chand-
ler ‘hep. S (1), chairman of the Committee

Privilewes and Elections. The report was
oe mpanied by & resolution declaring that
ewilliamn \ (lark was not duly and legally
elected to a neat in the Senate of the United
Btates by the Lewisiature of the State of Mon-
tana” ‘The testimons accompanying the re-

presented in three printed vol-

port was ano
The resolution was

if aome 8,000 pages
placed the calendar

Mr. Pettus (Dem, Ala.), one of the members
mittee, eald that some of them, while
not dissenting from the resolution offered by
the chairman desired to aubmit some remarks
astothec ynduct of the case

The Prestdent protem (Mr. Frye) asked
whether the Senator from Alabama desired
t moke any statement at present.

Mr. Pettus replied that he did not and added:
#, minority of the cornmittee disagrees with
ynaof the report and desires to submit its

umes

of the cor

yr’
; ews in writing without in any way dissenting
from the conclusions.”

rhe raport of the committee says:

finding of the committee is that the
ejection to the Senate of William A. Clark of
Montana fs pull and vold on account of briber-
{es, attempted briberies and corrupt practices
bt his agents, and of violations of the laws of
M ntana defining and punishing crimes against
the elective franchise This finding ia made
{n view of certain admitted or undismited facts,
with thelr attendent circumstances, appearing
in the testimony taken by the committee.

Prior to 1805 the elections In Montana were
mpanied by enormous expenditures of

rhea

a

money unquestionably involving widespread
pellef that extenelve corruption was resorted
to {y all elections. Ex-Gov. Hauser, a witness

caiien by Senator Clark in his defence, testi-
fiad that at the first State election the Big Four,
so-called, consisting of Senator W. A. Clark,
Mr. Broadwater, Mr. Mareus Daly, and him-
self, aa first contributions gave $40,000 each and
he also estimated that the expenditures made
{n connection with the contest to determine
whether Anaconda or Helena should be the
capital of the Stato were upward of $1,000,-
quo Senator Clark said he spent over $100,-
ooo {n that contest

Sanator Clark has been constantly a candi-
@idate for office. He was a candidate for
Congress in 1888 and defeated. In 1890 there
were two legislatures in Montana. He was
elected United States Senator by the Demo-
cratic legislature, but was not seated, He
was again a candidate for the Senate in 1893,
but there was no election. In 1805 he was
voted for as the Democratic candidate, but
Senator Carter waa elected, In the summer
of 1s08, after he had consulted with Gov, Hauser
and other supporters, including at that time
Mr. A. Jd, Campbell, a committee of his friends
was created outside the State Committee of
the Democratic party, which was fn the hands
of persons not favorable to him; this, his com-
mittee, being organized for the purpose of
controlling the politics of the State and seenr-
ing the legislature to meet in January, 1590
This committee consisted of his son, Charles
W. Clark, William MeDermott, and A. J. David-
con. agent. Charles W, Clark was made Treas-
urer, and the assistants of the committee were
John B. Wellcome, Walter M. Bickford, A.
J. Steel, John S. M. Neill, Frank E. Corbett,
F. L. Whitmore, and Walter Cooper, To this
committee Senator Clark gave unilmited au-
thority to expend money, which he agreed
to furnish: an estimate, however, being made
that at least $85,000 would be necessary to
secure the State convention, and that $75,000
might be needed to secure the State Legisia-

ture
‘In the canvass which ensued the approxi-
mate expenditures admitted by the various

 

   

     

 

members «of s committees and their assistants
were as fel « By Charles \W. Clark, @25,000
by MeDern #22,000, by Davidson, agent,
$32,300; by Welleome, $25,000; by Steele, $11,000
by Corbett, 85,0000 by Whitmore, $4,800) by
Cooper, $2.0, mainly f irnished by Charles
W. Clark; and the amount of these expendi-

tires Senator Clark himself paid to his son
The advances and payments mada by Senator
Clark to his committee and agents, as admitted
by hin, amounted to about $189,000, of which
aim charies W. Clark received from him on
Aug 12, i808, $35,000; Oct. 17, $20,000; Nov. 23,
$40.0, and Feb. 13, 1900, $20,592; and in addi-
tion to thia $139,000 Senator Clark paid $5,000
to MeDermott, one of his agents $5.000 to Well-
com, his attorney, and $5,000 to F.C. Day, a
member of the Legislature None of the mem-
bers of his committee or their assistants made
the sworn returns required by law, nor did
Benator Clark himself make any return.”

The report deals at length with transac-
tions between Senator Clark and various mem-
bers of the Legislature made under the guise
of business dealings. Among these were the
yurchase of H. W. Mel.aughlin’s saw mills,
he payment of a mortgage on the ranch of

E P Woods, and also dealings with Senator
WE. Tierney and Representatives W. C. Evere
sole and Michael Shovlin of Montana. Other

instances are given of the use of considerable

 

money by Senator Clark's agents in

) i} transactions with members of the
State Legislature. The report continues:

While the findings of the committee are

istified by the foregoing admitted and un-
disputed facts, with they attendant cireum-
stances standing alone, those facts are strength-

 

 

  

ened by additional facts, including. various
uns il attempts to secure votes by offers
of m which, although denied, are found
by the m rity of the committee to be sus-
tained the preponderance of the testimony,

It would unnecessarily incumber and extend
this report to attempt to give these additional
facts in detail.”

ort then details the Whiteside §30,-
1 and says
» opinion of the majority there was

  
 
 
  

 

n iative disproof produced by Senator
C any time showing that the facts in
eo ion with the $30,000 exposure were
n The charge that the accusations
ane s axyposure resulted from a conspiracy
formed and carried forward by Mr. Marcus
Daiy was a necessity of Mr. Clark's canvass
and defenee. But Mr. Daly and Mr. Conrad
and others who were suspected of conspiracy

ed all knowledge of the $30,000, of which
0) was in one-thousand-dollar bills, which

 

 

 

had been produced by Mr. Whiteside as the
money furnished by Mr. Wellcome in the at-
pled briberfes. No one thousand-dollar

i

0

Js wera shown to have been in the hands
any of the alleged Daly eonsnpirators. On

 

1 four five-hundred-dollar bills which

 

r Alekford took from C. W. Clark and carried
) Missoula on Dec, 81, in connection with the
P Woods transaction, were returned to

Mr (lark on dan. 1, and during the ensuing

 

 

 

f the alleged briberies were at-
r 1, large sums in currency were in the
hands of Mr ¢. W. Clark and Mr. Wellcome,
Ineliid! nag us one-thousand-dollar bills
Mr Clark, an, 8, had brought to him by
aMr i $0,000 in eurrenes, in whieh
were three e-thousand-dollar bills, and from
this #000 or the money returned by Mr. Biek-
ford, he \ i . ; sie
‘ cave Mr. Welleome three or four one
thousand dollar bills, On Dee. 28, Mr. Welleome
drew bank $10,000, of which he says one,
two, thr four or five were one thousand-
4 r ind he carried them in the tnside
bocket of his vest until he used them. There
r nt tdoor 4th of January three one
thousand-d r bills and eleht five hundred-
Mr : " asession of Mr. Whitmare,
(

 

Ss property, Charles
INCOINe WAS $250,000

K testified that his

 

 

tant te state, in view of the dif-
nee ymin the committee concerning
M. Limalit Mesa (lark of Madivon
et , i\ iteside, that the whole commit-

 

 

ny concerning the

  
 

  
 
 

hand, the five one-thousand-dollar |

fidential agent in the |

soon as the |

 

|

|

 

 

oe and. en ip constant conference with his
Copmmnivicn ane agen .
In conclusion the report says:

“The Senate should, as a duty to itself and
to the country, demonstrate by ita action In
this case that seats in the United States Sen-
ate, procured as Senator Clark's has been pro-
cured, cannot be retained by the deliberate
Judgment of the Senate, The Senate also
owes a duty to the prope of Montana who,
conscious of the bad repute into which the
State had fallen by reason of vast expendi-
tures of money in connection with its elec.
tions, manifested #nch a public sentiment that
the Legislature of 1896 passed a statute which,
if obeyed, would have redeemed the State
from its bad name For the direct and gross
violations of that statute and the consequent
diseredit: which. continues to rest upon the
State, Montana has a right to expect a prompt
and decisive remedy from the action of the
Senate upon the report of this committee. The
committee report and unanimously recommend
the adoption by the Senate of the following
resolution

“Resolved, That William A. Clark. was not
duly and legally elected to a seat in the Senate
of the United States by the Legislature of the
State of Montana,”

TNE NAVY AND THE COAST SURVEY.

A Report Showing That the Coast Survey Is
Mach Behind ta Its Work.

WASHINGTON, April 28 -—-Naval officers have
been very much stirred up over the eriticiams of
the service in connection with surveying work
{n the debate on the Naval bill in the House last
Thursday, and particularly over the statenent
of Mr. Cannon of Iilinols that the Navy was
“thoroughly incompetent’ in civil duties. A
report cametothe Navy Department afew days
ago which officers contend has a bearing onthe
charge about surveying work and the conten-
tion that the Coast and Geodetic Survey was
more competent than the Navy to performsuch
duties. Some officers contend that the report in
question, in which Rear Admiral Farquhar told
of the visitof the North Atlantic squadron to
Pensacola, shows that the Coaat Survey ia very
much behind in executing its function of chart-

{ng the coast. The parepraphe {n Admiral
Farquhar’s report bearing on the controversy
{n Congress are as follows:

“Now that the channel across the bar at the
entrance to Pensacola Bay haa deepened so as
to permit deep-draught vessels crossing with
out risk, this dne, large bay becomes admirably
adapted as A Arfll ground for the North At-
lanticsquadron during the spring months of
March and April, when the average tem-
perature is suitable for open-air drills and ex-
erciaes

“IT destre to call the attention of the Depart-
ment to the fact that although the work of
dredging Caucas Channel and ita approaches
to a depth of thirty-one feet waa finished in De-
cember, 1899, no notification has been fur-
nished the squadron of this important change
All the Jatest alds to navigation provided refer
to conditions as they existed previous to the
dredging operations "

The report was referred to Rear Admiral
Bradford, Chief of the Bureau of Equipment,
whose juriadiction includes the Naval Hvdro-
graphic Ofice, and on April_21 he replied that
the Coaat Survey chart of Jan. 17, 1900, cor-
rected to Feb, 16, 1900, showed the same depth
of water {n Caneas Channel asthe chart isaned
by the Survey on May 7 and May 12, 1898. The
least depth of water as shown on both these
charta in the channel was four fathoma (twen-
ty-four feet) ‘‘No information tn regard to an
increased depth of water in this channel,” Ad-
miral Bradford says, ‘has been received by the
Bureau of Equipment or the Hydrographic
Office from either the Coast and Geodetic Sur-
vey or the Chief of Engineers, United States
Army.”

Admiral Bradford recommended that the
Navy Department request the Treasury De-
partment for a revision of this locality

 

CAMPRELL'S RECORD.

The Career of the Newly Appointed Assistant
Secretary of the Interior,

WasnrxoTon, April 28-Frank lL. Campbell,
the newly appointed Assistant Secretary of the
Interior, {8 56 vears old) He was born tn Han-
cock county, Virginia, now West Virginia, and
was educatedin the schools of the neighbor-
hood. He waa sent to Washington and Jefferson
College, but left college and entered the Union
army. Aehasbeena member of Lincoln Post
No 8, G.A.R, Department of the Potomac,
for twenty years. At the close of the
war he opened the first frea school
Weat Virginia. After teaching 'n that State
four years he became Superintendent of
Publie Schools at Marlboro, Ohfo, where he
also atudiad law In 1870 he came to Washing-
ton as anemployeein the Census Office, and
during his two years’ service in that office at-
tended the law school of Columbian University,
graduating in i872. By way of promotion he
was then transferred to the Pension Bureau
and after serving as an examiner two years and
as member of the Board of Keview four years
was further promoted to the Board of Pension
Appeals in the Secretary's office, where he re-
mained two years Then he manifested such
exceptional legal attalnments that he was made
an assistant attorney in the office of the Assiat-
ant Attorney-General for the Interior Denpart-
ment, which position he has held for nineteen
years, having by promotions become First Ase
sistant Attorney ata compensation of $2,750

Mr Campbell has alwaya been a Republican,
but hia services were of auch recognized value
that he was retained during the administrations
of Secretaries Lamar, Vilas, Smith and Francis
Secretary Hiteheock asked for Mr Campbell's
appointment aa a recognition of his sterling
integrity and legal and exeoutive ability, and
as embodring a high conception of civil service
principles

FRANK lL.

CAPT. CARTER'S CASE DECIDED,

The Supreme Court Dismisses the Writ of
Error to the Court of Appeals.

WASHINGTON, April 23. The case of Oberlin
M. Carter, formerly a Captainin the Engineer
Corps, US. A., was disposed of in the Supreme
Court to-day adversely tothe accused It waa
disposed of ona writ of error to the Court of
Appeala for the Second Circnit, an appeal from
its judgment affirming the judgment of the
Circuit Court for the Second Circuit denying
Carter's petition for release on a writ of habeas
corpus) Chief Justice Fuller said, announe-
ing the opinion and judgment of the

Court, that the case had been there once
before on a petition for a writ of certio-
rari to thei Court of Appeals to send
the case up tothe Supreme Court for review,
which had been denied The same day these
actions, the Chief Justice said, were tiled = In
the opinion of the Court, they could not be sus-
tained and were therefore dismissed
Solicitor-General Richards asked that the
mandate go down atonce This was opposed
by Mr. Rowe, counsel for Carter, who said the
Captain was serving out his sentence at Gover-

nora Island and no damage would result from |

delay

Later it was determined to issue the mandate
to-morrow. Upon the receipt of that by the of-
ficials having Carter in charge he will be sent to
Fort Leavenworth, where the Court directed
him to be sent, to serve out his sentence

IMPORTERS SEEK RELIEF,

They Fear the Effect of Judge Townsend's
Decision If It Is Sastained.
WasnInoton, April 22. The New York dele-
gation, representing the importers, called to-
day upon Assistant Secretary Spalding of the

| Treasury Department to ask the Department

to consider some method of relieving them in
case the full atress of Judge Townsend's recent
decision on section 2800 of the revised statutes
should fallupon them. I[f the Superior Court
sustains Judge Townsend, the importers fear
that the present force of examiners and assist-
ants will not be adequate to handle goods sent
from the docks to the publie stores within the
ten-day Iimit J. M.. Peters. and Daniel
McKeever represented the New York Board of
Trade in the delegation, and Ernest Merz and
W. R. Stroble appeared for the Crockery Board
of Trade

Aagistant Secretary Spalding advised the dele-
gation to hold a conference with Collector Hid-
well and Appraiser Wakerman on their return to
New York with a view to determine what steps,
if any, should be taken in an administrative

way to avoid delays in the appraivement of |
their cartage i

gooda at the public stores or of
from the does

Hackett’s Nomination Confirmed,
WASHINGTON, April 223. The Senate to-day
confirmed the nomination of Frank W Hackett
of New Harpshire to be Assistant Secretary of
the Navy, vice Allen, appointed Governor of
Porto Rico

Washington Notes.

WASHINGTON, April 23. -Postinaster Van Cott
has informed the Post OMee Department that
his entire supply of stamp books was exhausted
in ona day = Arrangements were thereupon
made to transmit to New York eity 81,000

j books

! of Mr. Whiteside
ead ( nu were laid aside there
m Un sufficient evidence in the
ig ; ‘ee 1 the committee to find, as they
po lat Mr Clark's election is void. From the
foes h have ‘nh established the ma-
ey nil eel Justified in finding
what vere other suecessea in procuring,
a “o0 ractiogs, the votes of members
Pane rmislatts vnere the facets naturally

. ¥ ireetly proved
fh the oy ewing the quest ons of law involved
ase > report save

‘ A ‘ iw. as understood by the
; Y S r Clark cannot be permitted |

Pe at He received 6 votes and

P29 against hit leaving him an

: f If he obtained through

: : pT practioes eight votes which

he ive been cast against him,

’ elected. More than this

Pe ees tes the committee find from all

   

ined It isalso a re
e whole case that
charged with knowl-
s behalf by his com-
s condieting his canvass
’ from Butte on Jan, 4 and
here until after his election on Jan,

 

 

edin Helens
Pema.ned i ?

 

 

Gen WH Laudiow, formerly Governor Gen-
eral of Havana, arrived in Washington last
night and reported at the War Department, for
duty as President of the Board appointed by

Secretary Root to prepare plans forthe army |

war college

Secretary Gage to-day. transmitted to
rreas aA request from Supervising Architect
Faylor for an additional appropriation of §$25,-
ooo for the Albany Custom House and Post
office.

Con-

in |

THE QUAY CASE DISCUSSED.

ARGUMENTS IN THE SENATE FOR AND
AGAINST HIS RIGHT TO A SEAT,

 

Mr, Platt (Rep., Conn.) Said That to Admit
Quay Would He to Reverse the Settled
Decisions of the Senate -Mr. Hoar Opposed
Following Precedents That Were Wrong.

Wasutnoton, April 23.-The Quay case was
taken up in the Senate to-day and Mr Chand-
ler argued that the resolution declaring Mr
Quay not entitled to the seat should be
amended by atriking out the word ‘not’ and
that Mr. Quay should be admitted on the cre-
dentiala presented by him, being an appoint-
ment from the Governorof Pennsylvania, He
appealed to Senators to take up the question
purely as oneof constitutional law, "‘Sugm@es-
tions,” headded, “have been floating about
that some bargain had been made between the
friends of Senator Quay and the friends of an-
other Senator, whose right to a seat has also
been called in question (alluding to Senator
Clark of Montana). [shall not waste time on
these rumors because I have been authorized
to deny, by both sides to the alleged bargain,
that any such bargain exists or has existed,
Therefore | ask Senators to dismiss any idea
that their opinions or votes should be influ-
enced by rumorsofa bargain, as a mere fig-
ment of imagination of somebody outside of
this chamber; for, necessarily, no Senator
could be influenced by any idea of that sort
unless he was prepared to produce some proof
of the charge made.”

Mr. Platt (Rep, Conn.) argued against Mr
Quay's right to the seat. He said that there
was one point which lay in the forefront of the
question, and that was, whether anything
could ever be considered settled in the Senate
“Ie the Senate,’’ he said, “now In the one hun-
dred and twelfth year of its existence, to ob-
serve the uniform precedents and the unbroken
decisions of the Senate, or {sit to disregard those
precedents and overrule these decisions on the
ground of personal or political friendship?”

Referring to Mr. Chandler's dental of a bar-
gain between the friends of Mr. Quay and Sen-
ator Clark of Montana, Mr. Platt said he was
sorry that there had been any insinuation that
votes might be given by Senators from personal
or political reasons Such a charge reflected
dishonor upon the Senate,

“Why is the Senator sorry?’ Mr. Chandler in-
terposed. “Ought such statements to be made
in secret and not on this floor?”

“In making this charge,’’ Mr Platt replied,
“the Senator from New Hampshire makes one
which, if true, disgraces sixteen Senators who

voted against Mr Corbett of Oregon and brings
dishonor upon this Senate, Ido not balieva ft
Noenemy of the Senate, no newspaper which
likes to cast aspersions, no outsider who is con-
atantly seeking opportunity to malign publie
men could say that the votes of sixteen Senators
were cast against Mr. Corbett because he was a
supporter of the gold standard. Such a charge
will only afford opportunity tor criticism of the
Senate, which will be unjust and unwarranted.”

Mr Platt sald that the Quay case preaented
no featuresor points that had not been pre-
sentedinthe Corbett case, and that the de
cision being adverse to aright to the seat, was
sacred and binding as the judgment of a high
Constitutional court

Mr. Hoar (Rep., Masa) argued against ap-
plying to the Senate the principle of stare
decista, When Senators. belleved, he sald, that
a case had been decided in violation of Consti-
tutional neht, and that the decision was in-
fluenced by polltical considerations (asin the
Corbett case), it was their solemn duty not to
be dound by it. The Supreme Court of the
United States, he said, had more than once
overruled its old opinions

Mr. Platt asked, scoffingly, whether Mr. Hoar
belfeved that the Senate of to-day was more
virthious than the Senate whieh had decided
against the Corbett case? Id he believe that
Semitors were going to act with him now on
honest Constitutional motivea who had failed
toact with him then? He argued that to admit
Mr Quay now would be to reverse the settled
decision of the Senate

“The Senate,’ Mr. Platt, said, “Is on trial at
the bar of public opinion. ‘This case is known
throughout the length and breadth
United States
every particular, a case that was decided
| two years ago by a vote of 50 to 10 ad-
|
|
\

 

the

¢
ot

verse to a seat under a Governor's appoint-
| ment All the people will want to know

why the Senate changed front {in this respect
Do not," he exelaimed, “overturn what has
heen already settied in this Senate or nothing
| feeverto be regarded hereafter as settled. If
the former decision of this Senate shall be re-
versed, the people will have a right to ask, and
will not be slow in asking, on what ground this
| reversal rests. And if the present
voted, or was pa red to vote, only two vears
ago that Mr. Corbett was not entitled to the
seat, comes here now with no stronger case,
but with a precisely similar case, and asks to
be seated, and if the Senate seats him, the
people will desire to know why {t was done:
and thereafter if any one desires to aima
shaft of satire awainst nceompetency

the
favoritism and partiality of the Senate, he wil
tind the material for it inthis action '

Mr Kenney (Dem, Del.) said that as he had

for Mr. Quay, he wished to present his reasons,
and he proceeded to read a prepared argument
on the subject.

In reply toa question by Mr. Tillman (Dem,
8.C.)Mr. Kenney gave it as his opinion that if
the Senate seared Mr. Quay, the Democratic
Governor of Delaware would appoint a Senator
from that State

Mr. Quarles (Rep, Wis) argued against Mr
Quay’s right, althongh he admitted that "if the
Ange! Gabriel were to appear here {n the livery
of Heaven and speak with angelic sweetness, it
is doubtful whether he could change a vote in
the case" If all precedents. he said, were tobe
swept away, every future caseof the kind would
have to be argued de novo and would be decided
by personal preferences. He characterized Mr
Chandler's construction of the words in the
Constitution about the happening of a vacancy
as ‘acrobatic, museularand athletic,’ and he
quoted an elementary law writer as saying that
where a sentence is plain and unambiguous
there was no such thing as construction, and
that in such a case {interpretation degenerated
{nto impertinence and construction became
casnistry.

STATUS OF PORTO RICO.

Two Cases Filed Yesterday tn the Supreme
Court of the United States,

Wasninatos, April22% The relation of Porto
Rico to the United States is involved in two
cases filed in the Supreme Court to-day They
grow out of the action of the provisional court
of that island, established by Governor General
Davis, in sentencing a number of prisoners to
imprisonment for thirty days for violation of
the regulations established for conducting the
recent election in the island, One of them,

 

Ramon Baez, was sent to prison, and then
made an appeal the Supreme Court of
the United States for leave to file a petition
for an writ of habeas corpus, and for a writ
of certiorari to bring up the case for review
here Thispetition the court denied, for the
reason that before it conld act Baez's term
would have expired

To-day Mr. McKenney entered motions for
leave to file petitions for certiorari to the Pro-
visional Court of Porto Rico in the matter of
Thomas Vasquez and that of Joae Julian Vidal
and fifteen others. ‘The petition asks merely
for a writ of certiorar a8 at common law, and
sets forth the facts contained in the petition on
behalf of Baez. These petidoners are not in
prison, and may not be Incarcerated pending
this action, so that there is no need for haste on
the part of the court, Should ittake jurisdic-
tion and issne the writ, attorneys do not believe
a decision will be reaehed before next term

to

Tho Sapplemental Porto Rico Bill to Be Con-
sidered To-day in the House,

WasHinoton, April 23. -The Insular Com-
mittee will have an opportinity in the House fn
the morning to ask for consideration of the bill
introduced the other day to enable Army officers
holding civil places in Porto to hold
without losing their commissions until the
new civil government is installed. The com-
inittes on Saturday added tothe bill certain
restrictions upen the arenu on of franchises in
I the ijaland Mr. Loud (Rep., Cal), who is a
} member of the Insular Committee, will with-
| hold the Post Office Appropriation bill, the
i" iding business, foran hour to let the Porto

tivo t
| Movements of Naval Vessels.

WASHINGTON, April 23--The gunboat Vixen
| arrived at Port Padre, April 21) the training
ship Buffalo at League Island, April 21, and the
ington at Rio de Janetro, April 23
The trainina ship Preirie left New Orleans to-
day for & practice cruise with the Louisiana
Naval Milina on board, and will return there by
| April au. ‘The flagship lowa left Mare [sland for
Bremerton, Wash., to-day

ther

 

gunboat Wiln

 

Transport Samner Arrives at Port Said.

WASHINGTON, April 28, The transport Sum-
ner, which left New York several weeks ago for
Manila, has reached Port Said. Ina cablegram
from that place Major Davis informed the War
Department of the ship's safe arrival, The
Sumner carried about seven hundred recruits
from New York, and Major Davis reports that
the health of the command {s excellent.

 

|

voted against Mr. Corbett and intended to vote |

a a
oo

It is Known that it resembles in |
here |

|

| this increase to be a substantial one

claimant |

 

(tre a

| weeks ago

 

POST OFFICE BILL IN THE HOUSE.

Opposition to Pueamatio Tube Service and
Free Rural Delivery.

Wasninoton, April 23.--The House to-day, in
the Committee of the Whole, entered upon the
consideration of the Post OMee Appropriation
bill for the fiscal year beginning July 1 next,
with the understanding that general debaie
@lose with to-day's session, and when the para-
graphs relating to special railway facilities and
pneumatic tubes are reached two hour's debate
be had on each subject. The bill carries a total
of $113,034,800, being $4,307,862 greater than the
appropriatigns for the current year,

Mr. Loud (Rep, Cal.), chairman of the Post
Officea Committee, inexplaining the bill, said
in some waya it was a remarkable measure, but
the great increases over current appropriations
were necessary to keep the service up with the
times,

Mr Moody (Rep, Mass.) wanted to know if in
Mr. Loud's opinion the pneumatic tube service
should be extended. Mr. Loud said he had
opposed the introduction of the service, but
after it was introduced under the authority of
Congress he thought it should either be ex-
tended or should be cut off altogether before
the appropriation grew to excessive amounts.

Mr. Mann (Rep, Ill) wanted to know iffthe
tubes expedited the mails Mr. Loud replied
that the evidence offered by the Department
did not ehow that the despatch of the mails was
greatly expedited by the service

Mr. Bell (Pop., Col.) advocated the reduction
{n the price paid the railway companies for
carrying mail ‘S.very consideration of com-
mon justice,” he said, “and common honesty
demands that it should be reduced.’ The
failure to make the reduction, Mr. Bell added,
had become a national scandal. Referring to
the Loud bill, which had recently been before
the House, Mr. Bell quoted Mayor Sam Jones
ot Toledo to support bis assertion that solicita-
tions had been made ot business men for funds to
aidinits passage. Jones promised to make a con-
tribution, and was told to send it to the Treas-
urer of the Adams Expresa Company, New York.
Later Mr Jonessaw an article in The Outlook,
suid Mr, Bell, saving that the Loud bill was a
schomne got up by the railroads and express
companies to Wipe out the deficit in postal
revenues caused by the transportation of sec-
ond-clasa matter, so asfito divert public atten-
tion from the extortionate charge for carrying
the mais. And Jones did not send his subscrips
uon

Mr Bromwell Ca Ohio), amember of the
committee, opposed the items in the bill for
rural tree delivery and pneumatic tube service
He wanted rural free delivery to be kept in the
experimental stage until it had demonstrated
that it would maintain itself. He didnot want
the appropriation for tube service in-
creased until some benefit to or accelera-
tlon of the service was shown At
present the benefit to the mall had
hot been satisfactorily demonstrated He
also antagonized the items in the bill giving
subsidies to the Southern Ratlway and the road
between Kansas City and Newton, Kan.

Mr. Sibley (Dem., Pa.) advocated the various
itera in the bill which had been attacked dur-
ing the afternoon. He said the United States
was engaged in the commercial conquest of the
world, and anything thataided in accomplish-
ing that had his support. For this reason he
favored the perrenr ere for pneumatic mail
service, subsidies for mail trains, and the pres-
ent rate of payment to railroad companies for

Sibley said, than they dida

 

transportation of mall Men moved more
rapidly now, Mr
year ago

The committee then rose and the House ad-
jJourned until to-morrow

THE UPTOWN POST OFFICE.

Postmaster-General Smith Expects to Move
Into the Crystal Palace by May 12.

WASHINGTON, April 23 —Postmaster-General
Smith, Chief George Beavers of the salary and
allowance division, and other officials of the
Post Office Department conferred to-day as to
the readjustment of the New York city post
office to meet the requirements of the proposed
uptown station. Mr Smith said at the close of
the meeting

“We bave been arranging plans for the im-
mediate establishment of the sub-station in the
Crystal Palace building We think we can
move into the new quarteraby May 1. An ad-
ditional allowance of clerka will have to ba
made, of courae, and subsequently we expect
But just
now only half a dozen or so are to be employed
in addition to the foree now at work. All our
other plana are merely routine in their nature, as

to the disposition of empty mail sacks, and so
forth Mr. Beavers made a very careful exami-
nationoft the situation in New York during his
visit there last week and to-day presented to

 

DAY, APRIL 24.

 

me the plans he coneeived at that time Thave |
formally approved of them all But their
nature ig so ¢ ntially work-a-day I don't
believe the people of New York would be in-

terested in them.”

It is understood that Mr. Beavers contem-
ates some such management of the New York
as that outhined in THE SUN several
As large a proportion of the entire
mail as possible will not go downtown at all,
but will be received, sorted and prepared,
either for distribution or forforwarding, at the
Crvetal Palace building. All second-class maf)
received downtown will be virtually sorted on
the platforni of the present main office. That
sart intended forshipment or for distribution
in the upper part of the city, will be trans-
ferred to Wagons at once and shipped to the
new office Foreign mail will be made up at
the Crystal Palace station, as it is now made up
in Park place, and ship ped to steamers by way
of the North River he whole plan of the
new office is to transfer as large a portion of
the work uptown as present facilities will per-
mit. Downtown these arrangements will per-
mit areadjustment of methods and contribute
largely to make the clerks there comfortable
for the first time in the history of the building.

I

mAs

Conference Agreement on the Hawalian Gov-
ernment Bill,

Wasntnoton, April 23--The conferees on
the Hawaiian Government bill held a meeting
to-day and reached another poeta which
it is hoped the two houses will accept. The
provision requiring the prepayment of poll
tax as a requisite for voting. and that pro-
viding imprisonment for debt which Senator
Pettigrew vigorously fonght, were stricken
out. The provision that the officers of Hawaii
shall be residents of the islands was retained
although stoutly fought by the Senate con-
ferees ie

*The situation there.” said Representative
Knox (Rep., Mass.) who reported the bill,
‘is such as to forbid the establishment of a
carpet-bag government. The people have
had governments of their own for half.a century
and are able to discharge all official du-
ties themselves,”

New Line of Steamers Retween New York and
Para,

Wasntnaton, April 23. United States Consul
Kenneday, at Para, reports to the State Depart-
ment that the project for the establishment of
a new line of steamers between New York and
that point has become a law, The Governor of
Para is authorized to give the new company &
subsidy of 70,000 miilreis gold annually for
twelve years, This amount. is equivalent at
present exchange to about $49,000 The sateam-
ers must make twelve round trips the first year
andtwenty-four yearly thereafter, and be built to
earry at least 1,400 tons cargo and accommodate
fifty first-class and sixty third-class passengers
Their speed must be af least thirteen knots an
hour

 

The President Starts for Canton,

Wasminaton, April 23.-President and Mrs
McKinley accompanied by Secretary Cortel-
you, Dr. P. M. Rixey and Mrs. George Barber,
a nephew of the Pre ident, arrived from New
York this morning at 7:30 o'clock and left for
Canton this evening at 7:30 It ts expected
that the President will remain in Canton two
or three days

 

Army and Navy Orders.

WasnHInoTos, April 23. The following army

orders were issued to-day

Lieut. Col. Alfred A. Woodhull, Deputy Surgeon-
General, to duty In the office of the Surgeon General
of the arms

Capt William W. Quinton, Assistant Surgeon, from
the Division of Cuba to New York

Major Charies A Vernon, at his own request, ts
relieved from further duty atthe Michigan Military
Academy i

Major trnest H. Ruffner, Corps of Engineers, re
Hevirng Major William J Marshall of the river and
harbor duties at New York and the supervision of
bridges temporarily placed in his charge upon the
death of Lievit. Col) Willlam HH. Benyaurd

Major Morris ©. Foote, Ninth Infantry, upon expir-
ation of sick leave, to San Franetsco.

Fiest Lieut. Joseph T. Donovan, Sixteenth Infantry,
from recruiting duty in Kentueky, to Port Thomas.

The following naval orders have been issued

Assiatant Surgeon J. F, Leys, detached
reporting of relief tohome and
wait orders

Assistant Surgeon © H. Delaneey, detached from
the Amphitrite and to the Essex,

Lieut ©. A. KB. King, order to Astatic station re
voked. detached from Buffalo and to the Indiana

Paymaster M. M. Ramsay, detached from the Naval
Examining Board to Washington Navy Yard, con
nue other duties

Lleut E KR breeman, detached from the Indiana
on reporting of reliefand to Bureau of Steam Engi
neering.

Lieut. W. W. Buchanan, to doy
ordnance, Elizabethpo.& N. J. an

bassed
from the Fssexon

as inspector of
Morris Heights,

oe

2

VISIT TO BARCUS'S PLANT.

THE OFFICE OF THE ‘COMMITTEE ON
DISTRIBUTION’ IN WASHINGTON,

 

 

Mr. Spofford’s Connection With Mr. Richard-
son's Faterprise He Is Out of It Now
Stationery That "Created All Kinds of a
Fuss’ They Are Doinga Thriving Business,
WasHINUTON, April 23... A reporter for Tug
Sun went on Friday morning to the Barber and
Ross building in this city to look over the plant
maintained there by the firm of Richard-
son, Spofford, Barcus & U. 8. A., publishers
of “The Messages and Papers of the Presi-
dents.” He was accompanied by the private
secretary of a Republican Congressman from
the West. The interest of the latter in the
enterprise was due to a hundred letters re-
ceived during the week from constituents who
thought that copies of “The Messages and
Papers” were being distributed by a Congres-
sional committee. The private secretary left
the building with his curlosity as great as when
he went Inside

“We haven't no Richardson, Barcus and Com-
pany in this buildin’,” said the elevator boy.
“But we've the ‘Committee on Distribution,’
if that’s what you want.”

Half a dozen young girls then filed into the
ear, and the whole load was jumped to the
sixth floor. There, piled high to the ceiling
and reaching from all the walls to the stair-
way and elevator shaft, were boxes like those
used in the Treasury to hold silver dollars,
On each was the label “Globe Publishing Com-
pany, Fifth avenue, corner 18th St., N. Y.,” fol-
lowed by something stenciled on the box, gen-
erally “Mess. Pap. Pres. 20 Vols,” with
“Buck,” “Cloth” or “Mor.,” meaning that the
binding of the contents was buckram, cloth
or morocco,

Within the doorway the entire floor of the
building, a space about 100 feet long and 75
feet wide, was filled with desks and typewriter
tables. All the typewriters were being put
to such use that the room sounded like a boiler
factory, A partition of oak wainscoting and
filigree work separated a small space just in-
side the door from the rest of the room and
gave the whole an appearance very like that
of a trust company's office. Even this’ in-
closure, however, was half filled with boxes
like those near the elevator shaft. It was
evident that the firm occupying the floor was
doing a thriving business and expected to
continue to do so in the future

A young man with the suavity of an anue-
tloneer stopped the reporter before the latter
had gone many yards inside the door, When
he learned that the callers were in search of
information he asked them to wait for “Mr.
Hallam” or “Mr. Bodmer.” “We have nothing
to conceal.” he said, “but it's better, we think,
that all the newspaper men should be seen
by those gentlemen.”

So the reporter took a seat near the door
and read the titles of the books in a glass case
near by. There was a pamphlet, “Instructions
to Sub-Committees,” in a rack which had evt-
dently held fifty coples or thereahouts. Next
that were two sets of “The Messages and Papers”
and 4 catalogue from a Grand Rapids furnt-
ture company. Below were half a dozen un-
bound sets of the Congressional Record

Mr. Bodmer, when he arrived, proved to
be the “Treasurer to the Committee." He
walked the reporter pasta long line of “clerks
to the enommittee” who were dictating to
stenographers.

“They have Introduced a resolution Inthe
Senate to investigate us,” said he. “But there
are only two things in the resolution which refer
to us directly. They are the sale of the book
plates to a private concern and the sale ofthe
books by a private concern. Of course when
we appear before the committee and explain
matters the invesetivation wont amount to
much.” He then gave a long explanation
of Mr. Richardson's course in obtainingthe
book plates fram the House andcontinued
“With that understood there is nothing else
to explain. We havenever intentionally de-
ceived our patrons. When ouragents do that and
we discover it we discharge them. FEventhe
stationery THE Sry makes so much fuss about
is fair and square, I think.”

With that he produced several letter heads
printed in blne ink like that used in Congress
with a little column ofnames at the upper left
hand corner where the membershipof Congres-
sional committees is alwavs printed. Fren to
aperson accustomed to the paper used at the
Capitol the resemblance was notable to say
the least.

‘We once used a letter head,” continued
Mr Redmer, “which created all kinds of a fuss,”
With that he produced a sheet of paper headed
with “Committee on Distribution” printed in
Old English type exactly like that used = by
the Committee on Ways and Means and every
other committee in the House. “As that was
so ‘objectionable’ we have been working it off
and now use only thia sort.”

“Will you aay exactly what connection Mr.
Spofford had with your committee?” Mr.
Bodmer was asked.

“Yes,indeed, I will, When these papera were
first comptled we had no index except a regular
list of the papers, which wasn't worth anything.
So we invited Mr. Spofford to prepere a real
index, a sort of a guideto the books. Well,
he worked at that until if was done and gave
ns meanwhile the benefit of his counsel as to
the books themselves. When that index was
finished, however, he asked leaveto withdraw
from the committee, and as he had done the
work we hired him for, of course we permitted
him to go.”

“Then he isn’t connected with the committee

 

now?”
“No. No, indeed. He used to be. He was
when this stationery was printed, But he

isn't now.”

"Te this your main office?”

“Tt We used to maintain a main office
in New York, yon know But we consolidated
that with our branch office down here and are
doing all the work from Washington. It is
easier, we think, and more expeditious.”

“Do you expect to sella great many books?”

"Bless your soul, yes. Our ordera come in
just as though there had never been any trouble
at all. The country orders fell off about fifty
this week, but the city orders increased seven
over the week previous. We haven't suffered
no far because of this agitation.” Mr. Bodmer
then held out his hand to say good morning
“I'm the treasurer to the committee,” he ex-
plained, “and that means I have lots of work to
do. But there ja one thing I should like to say to
you before you go Of course you know why this
fight is made on us. THE Sun Is a trust paper,
Mr. Richardson 1s and always hos heen against
the trusta. And so THE SUN has begun this
fight on our books with the Idea of injuring

is

Mr. Richardson and helping the trust. If
you have any more questions to ask come
again. We have nothing to hide, you know.”

The President Amends a Civil Service Rale,

Wasntnoton, April 23 The Prestdent has
amended section 4 of Rule X of the Civil Service
rules, regulating transfer from excepted to
competitive places by extending the privilege
of such §transfer to persons whose places

were at one time subieet to competitive PX.
amination This amendment extends the per-
mission of transfer to fperaons whose places,
atone time subject to competitive examination,
have been made excepted

LS

TAILORING and CLOTHING—
quite a difference in the terms,
Tailoring, that’s our business; we
make the clothes to fit you.
Clothing, we don’t keep—you are
twisted to fit them—see the uif-
ference. Our cost is no more
than you are asked for the other,

W. C, LOFTUS & CO.

Sun Building, near Brooklyn Bridge.
Broadway, near 28th Street

——

DIGESTION

MADE PERFECT

DERANGEMENTS OF THE DIGESTIVE

AND EXCRETORY

FUNCTIONS ARE REMEDIED BY KUTNOW’'S POW-

DER,
TUDE, INSOMNIA,
NESS AND NAUSEA

AND THE HEADACHE,
NERVOUSNESS,
THEY PRODUCE

LOW SPIRITS, LASSI-
PALLOR, BILIOUS-
ARE DISPELLED.

SAMPLES SENT FREE.
SAMPLES SENT FREE.
SAMPLES SENT FREE.

The average min will endure an extraordinany amount of misery
from digestive derangements before going to the trifling expense and

trouble of obtaining a remedy.

Nothing is easier to get rid of than the

liver torpor, dyspepsia, and constipation, from which so many people
engaged in sedentary occupations suffer.

These digestive disorders breed a score or more other so-called male
adies, such as headache, low spirits, lassitude, insomnia, nervousness,
pallor, biliousness, and nausea, but just as soon as the liver has been
restored to activity and the other digestive and excretory organs are
cleansed and stimulated, these symptoms disappear.

Nothing will be found so effective in renewing the activity and health
of the digestive and excretory organs than a course of Kutnow’s Improved

Effervescent Powder.

Nothing will keep them in a healthy, active con-

dition better than the use of Kutnow’s Powder, and in Kutnow’s office,
we have thousands of letters from all sorts and conditions of people testi-

fying to the truth of this.

It is impossible to think of any form of stomach, liver, or kidney

trouble that Kutnow’s Powder will not relieve.
Being composed of all the purifying and curative ele-

a perfect cure.

In most cases it acts as

ments of the waters of the most celebrated European mineral springs,
minus their drastic, lowering, and nauseous features, all diseases for
which a course of treatment at these springs is prescribed can be treated
with Kutnow’s with satisfactory results.

With the restoration of the stomach, liver, and kidneys to healthy
activity the indigestion, constipation, headache, low spirits, insomnia and
other troubles will vanish, and the appetite will improve, the energy in-
crease, and the entire system be strengthened, purified, and otherwise

benefited.

WRITE FOR A FREE SAMPLE.

For Seven Days KUTNOW BROS. (Ltd.) will send a SAMPLE FREE and POSTPAID to every adult
applicant who fills in the following and forwards it to “Kutnow's”’ office:—

NAME. .

peewee weer eee eer eeee reese

ADDRESS. ......--00655

eee eee wwe e nee

M.S,

poem meer ee er seee er eeeeereres

PERRO mH Hee Ee He Oe HO eee eee eee OOOO ee

PERRO OHO eee tee ee eee eee ee ee eeeee

SORE meee ee eee ee meee ee eeeeeeesee®e

SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS, REFUSE SUBSTITUTES; THFY ARE IN.IURIOUS,

   

KUTNOW BROS.

ADMIRAL WATSON RELIEVED.

Rear Admiral Remey Takes Command of the
Asiatic Station at Yokohama,

Wasnrnston, April 23--The Navy Depart-
ment has been notifled by telegraph from
Yokohama that Rear Admiral George C. Remey
assumed command of the Asiatic naval station
there on April 10, relieving Rear Admiral Wat-
son, who transferred his flag from the Brooklyn
to the Baltimore and will return home in that
vessel by the European route Zear Admiral
Remey raised his flag on the Brooklyn

The detail of officers for the homeward vorage
of the gunboats Bennington and Concord,
which have seen much service {n the Philip-
pines, the latter having been one of Dewey's
fighting squadron, has been completed. The
Bennington’s personnel will consist of Com-
mander C. H. Arnold, Lieutenant-Commander J
H. Bull. Lieutenant-Commander_H. T. Cleaver.
Lieut. T.S8. Rodgers, Lieut. W. V. Pratt, Ensign
H.-L. Laning, Ensign R Z. Johnson, Assistant
Surgeon). ©, Thompson, Passed Assistant Pay-
master J, H. Merriam, and Paymaster’s Clerk
OH Berlin . s

These officers will return on the Coneord: Com-
mander E.8. Ackley, Lieutenant-Commander C
H. Bossch. Lieut F.C. Biew. Lent. J. E Craven,
Lieut. F. Boghter, Lieut. (Junior Grade.) A. G
Maefarland, Ensign W. C_ Davidson Passed
‘Agaistant Surgeon A. Farenholt, Assistant Pay-
master A.H. Pierce, and Paymaster’s Clerk F.
FE. Shute

NICARAGUA CANAL BILL.

The Honse Sets Aside May 1 and 2 for Its
Consideration.

WASHINGTON, April 23. In the House to-day
nnanimous consent was given to an arrange-
ment which sets aside Tuesday and Wednes-
day, May 1 and 2, for the Nicaragua Canal

bill, reported from the Committee on Interstate
and Foreign Commerce by its chairman, Mr
Hepburn of lowa. © Mr. Hepburn said that one
das would be devoted to general debate anc

one day to consideration, under the five-
minute rule, for amendinent
Representative Burton, chairman of the

House Committee on Rivers and Harbors, who
last week objected to the consideration of the
Nicaragua Canal bill, said to-day that he had
been partially satisfied with the amendments
made tothe hillin the committee last Friday
andthat he thought it was much lese objec-
tionable now. He believed, however, that it
was still in violation of the Clayton-Bulwer
Treaty. Mr. Burton said he had several amend-
ments to offer when the bill reached the House,
One of them will provide that should the
Canal Commission, which has recently re-
turned from Panama and Nicaragua, report in
favor of some other than the Nicaragua route
the work on the Canal should cease atonce anc
not be recommenced until after Congresa ex-
pressed its judgment as to the proper route.

Nominations by the Prestdent.

Wasuinoton, April 23 --The President to-day
sent the following nominations to the Senate

To be Assistant Quartermasters with (he rank of
Captain First JAeut Thomas B. Lamoreusx and
Fenn Gibbon, Jr, of Oregon

Lleutenant-Commander Herbert Winstow, to be a
Commander, Lieut. Edward BE. Wright, to be a Dieu
tenant Commander

Morris L. Bridgeman of Montana, to be Indian
Agentof the Fort Belknap Ageney in Montana Osear

   

A. Mitaeher of Ok} sma, to be Indian Agent of the
Orage Agency in ©) ma
Frank 1... Campbe the District of Columbta, to be

Assistant Secretary of the Interior A
oH. Hollander of Maryland, to be Treasnrer of the

Island of Porto Rico

 

John R. Garrison of the litstrict of Columbia, to be
Auditor of the Isiand of Porto Rico

Charlies © Hint? of Maine, to be Collector of Cus
toms at Kennebunk, Me

 

Mr Hollander was inti! recently

at Johns Hopkins University and is an expert

   

on the subject tix Ha has been in
Porto Rico some rpontiie, under appointment of
the President, # id re the system of taxation
{n the island Mr Garrison has been can-
nected with the auditing department of the
Treasury for twenty vears and has been
auditor for Porto Riean accounts under the

military government

Richard Mansfield Cancels His Engagement

in Buffalo,
Buerra.o, April 23 Late this afte,noon Mr
tichard Mansfield announced that beeanse of
the condition of his health he must cared his

engagement atthe Star Theatre which was to
begin to-night It was tatked about town thar
Mr Manetleld went into the box offfee, found
that the ndvance sale was notte his satisfaction
and decided to continue his iiness of last week

 

“If You See It in ‘The San,’ It’s So,”

This is uavally as true of anadvertisementas
of a news or editorial statement,” —Ade,

a professor |
| seized by the police in the Floyd street house.

(Ltd.), 853 Broadway,

New York City.

HE CRITICISED SENATOR HOAR.

 

But the Rev, Dr. Hoyt Does Not Remember
That He Was Hissed for It,

PHILADELPHIA, April 28..-The Rey. Dr. Was-
land Hoyt of this city, who was hissed at the
convention of the Christian Endeavor Societies
at Fitchburg for adverse comment on United
States Senator George Frisbie Hoar, said to-
day thatit wasa fact that he had criticised
Senator Hoar, but that he did not remember

that there was anything in the way of @
demonstration of disapproval on the part of
those who heard him. He said

“I do not remember that there were any
hisses following my so-called attack on Senator
Hoar, Tknow that IL spoke my mind regarding
the Massachusetts Senator's attitude on the
Philippine question I was talking on the con-
dition and opportunity for mission work tha
would follow the war in th» Rast, and Lha
oceasion to refer to the support which rebel-
lion there was receiving at the hands of an
Ienorans opposition in thiscountry. I believe
Senator Hoar as much as anybody to be ree
sponsible for the state of affairs in the Phili
pines He has strengthened by his attitude
the engendered seeds of rebellion and has
drawn many wenak-minded people to his way of
thinking. fam quotedas saying: ‘I am glad
I do not live in Massachusetts because of Sen-
ator Hoar.’ Well, Lmay have used just tho:
words I was speaking extemporaneously an
threw ina remark about Mr Hoar'a position.
But T qualified my criticism with the statemen
that it referred only to what he had said an
done in connection with the Philippine troubles,
Ihave the highest reward for Senator Hoar's
ability, but I have no patience with his mise
guided attitude on our foreign difficulties.”
Dr. Hoyt {s pastor of the Epiphany Baptias
Church here

Third Avenne System Travel Increases,

FD. Rounds, the new manager of the Third
Avenue Railroad Company, said yesterday
that since the Metropolitan Street Railway

Company practically assumed control of the
Third Avenue the recelpte of the lattor system
had steadily inereased until now they are about
#500 more aA day than they were under the fore
mer management, A large part of this ine
crease js on the eontrolled lines of the Hucke
Jeberry road, where the traf le is 25 per cent.
greater plin it was for the corresponding time
of a year ago

The number of cash fare passengers care
nied on all lines of the Metropolitan system
last Saturday was 024,000. About one-third
of them received transfers

New Catholic Church In Brooklyn,

The Cathohe Church of St Francis Xavier at
Carroll street and Sixth avenue, Brooklyn, @
frame editicee, which was built thirteen years
ago, is to be moved tothe rear of the parochial
residence in President street and a new whit
eran incl to cost $150,000 will be erecte
onthe site [tis expected that the new chureh
will be completed within a year anda half,

Found Drowned With a Drink Ticket,

A drowned man about 0 years old, wearing

a black overcoat, blue serge coatand waistcoat,
Light trousers and laced shoes, was found in the
hast River of Twenty-fourth street yesterday.
Jhere were nine cents, an empty whiskey flask
anda ticket fora drink in an Fast Side saloon
in the pockets. The body was taken to the
Morgue

Trustee for Syndicate Miller's Estate,
The creditors of William F. Miller of Franklin
Syndicate fame yesterday elected John B Lord
as trustee of the estate, Mr Lord was ap-

pointed receiver of the Franklin Syndicate
shortly after Miller disappeared Mr Lord
hae in bis possession all the property that twas

 
  
   

    
     
     
    
        
     

‘ Dont
Foolwitha fan

It's a useles* cxortion, There's
more concentrated coolness and
refreshing comfort In one glass of

HIRES

1:
Rootbeer jy
than a family of fane SN fe
ean furnish.

olan eee se a
for labels

Crarles E. Hires Co.
Malvera, Pa.