ee a a

es Sto

os
eee cieeeneeaeel

——

a

 

TUESDAY, APRIL 24, 1900.

—-——

Sabscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.

DAILY, per Month 14a wo 50
DAILY, per Year or coc cesveserereese ©00
BUNDAY. per Year ; ; seve 200
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year. 8 00
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month vessrcreres 70 |

Postage to foreign countries added.
Tue Sus, New York City,

PARIS~Klosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Klosque No. 10, Doulevard des Capuci nes

Tf our friends who favor us with manuserigts for
publication wish to hare rejected articles returned, they
must in all cases send stamps for that purpose

i

—— ee er nee es

om _———

Another Voice From the Grave.

Grant A.Wurte was Captain of Company
B, Firat Arkansas Volunteers, in the war
with Spain, Last fall he received a com-
mission as Lieutenant in the Thirty-third

 

Regiment of Volunteers and went to Luzon, |

Last Wednesday his death was reported by
Gen. Otts. A letter from him to Governor
Jonrs of Arkansas is printed by the St, Louts
Globe-Demoerat. It was written at Angogin
fn northern Luzon, Feb. 12. Lieut. Waits
congratulates Governor Jones on being an
expansionist. He then relates the surrender
of Gen, Concercron and staff, ‘ Two mem-
bers of the staff," he writes, “spoke good
English, and the very first question they
asked after business was over was: ‘Will
Mr, Bryan be elected President, and wont
the Congress stop the war in December?’
They seemed to be mixed in their dates and
thought an election was pending. They
expressed great solicitude for Mr. Bryan
and called him their ‘good friend’ several
times.”

Lieut. Ware continues his account of
the good friends of AcurnaLpo as follows:

“A St. Louls Democratle paper of Jan. 9 In an
@ditorial states that the report of AGUINATLDO Issuing
&@ proclamation calling ov all friends of the insurree
tion to stand firm as ‘Our good friend, WILLIAM J,
BRYAN’ is certain to be eloeted, has no truth what
everinit. Now, [have seen these proclamations time
after time in our chace after AGutm, He shed them
all along the line, and while Tean't read much Span
fish I could make out the names of BRYAN and AT-
KINSON, also MASON, HOAR anda number of other
*Buen Amigos.’”

Then comes this expression of manly and
patriotic anger against the Americans who
are giving aid and comfort to the enemy.

“Tt makes aman wantto Geta few days' leave and
@o back and buck and wag a few ‘shining lights of
American statesmanship.’ Fvery fight we have Is
Girectly attributed to the encouragement given the
enemy by these men. and every one of our men killed
owes his death to them, for AGUINALDO Is whipped,
and knows {t, and only hangs on desperately. hoping
that bis ‘friends’ will manage some way to help him
out, and not realizing that only a few men are mak-
fng all the noise, It would be different if he was
really Mghting for Mberty. He is Agliting for the
gupremacy of the Tagalrace, which ts the only one
fn favor of the Insurrection, and the subversion of all
others, and heis fighting for a crown.”

Thus does another American soldier, dead
in the service of his country, testify, as
LAWTON did, against the men who are hold-
ing up the hands of the slayers of our sol-
tiers in the Philippines. The“ good friends’

, AGUINALDO are the enemies of their

untry. Next November the American
people will show the rebels and the abettors
of rebellion the fruitlessness of their hopes.

 

A Defence of the Canadian Liberal
Ministry.

We have directed attention to the energy
with which Sir Caarntes Tupper and his
fellow Conservatives have assailed Sir WrL-
Frip LAURIER'S concession of a preferential
tariff to Great Britain and with which they
have repudiated the project of a political
union between the mother country and her
Colonies. One of the most weighty of the
Ministerial organs, the Toronto Globe, has
undertaken to defend the Liberal policy.

Under the caption of ‘‘ A Record of Prog-
ress"’ the (lobe maintains that ever since
the present Liberal Government was formed,
namely, in July, 1896, the weakness and dis-
sension which had long prevailed at Ottawa
under Conservative auspices gave place to
unity and strength. The Manitoba school
question was settled ina few months and
has been scarcely heard of during the last
three years. Other evidences of adminis-
trative activity are pointed out. For in-
stance, the Intercolonial Railway has been
extended to Montreal; the Crow's Nest Paas
Railway has been constructed and the
deepening of the canals has been vigorously
prosecuted, Two-cent postage, long talked
of but long deferred, has become an accom-
plished fact, and letters are now transmitted
at that rate from all parts of Canada and the
United States and to nearly every section of
tho British Empire. To postal reform has
been added tariff reform. The tariff bill of
1807 not only made a general reduction in
duties, especially in thoee on iron and steel
goods, but it placed corn and other articles
on the free list; it also assured a preference
to the mother country in the marketa of tho
Dominion by providing for a special redue-
tion in 1898 of one-quarter of the duties on
British imports. This reduction has since
been increased to one-third in the duties
leviable during the present year

Notwithstanding the material reforms
effected in the postal system and the tariff,
the condition of the Canadian exchequer
has been signally improved under the Lib-
era) Governinent. In 1894, 1895 and 1896 there
had been deficits amounting to $5,604,000,
In 1898 and 1599 there were surpluses aggre-
gating $6,500,000, or a net surplus of $6,000, -
000 after the half-million deficit in 1897 had
been dedifeted. A surplus of $7,500,000 ia
expected for 100,
the Dominion in 1899 was $321,661,000, an
increase of $82,661,000 over that of 1896
If the present rate ef increase be main-
tained, the trade of the current year will be
$135,000,000 more than that of 1896. Inother

words, the trade of 1900 will be more than |

equal to that of 1806 added to that of 1868 or
1869. It is true that this remarkable exhibit
on the part of the Minister of Finance ja
credited by the Conservatives exclusively to
the general prosperity of the country, One
thing at least, however, is certain: The
figures just cited disprove the assertion
made by the Conservatives in 1896 that the
return of the Liberals to power would mean
commercial and industrial ruin

But how does the Globe meet the charge
that, in giving to British commodities a
preference in the Dominion markets, the
Liberal Government made gratuitously a
concession which the mother country would

have bought at a great price? According to |

Sir CHARLES TUPPER, Canada ought to have
secured, in return for that valuable conees-
sion, a corresponding preference for Cana-
dian products in the markets of the United
Kingdom
first place, the concession was not grati-
{tous because, in return for it, the Liberal
Government obtained what its Conservative
predecessor had leng but vatuly tried
t© secure, namely, the denunciation

The Globe answers that, in the

vl

|
|
'
|
| be needful to prevail upon Great Britain to
|
'
}
‘
|
|

SS

have ample opportunity to elaborate this

Again, the total trade of |

 

the treaties which forbade Canada

other self-governing Colonies to impose
higher duties upon Belgian or German
goods than should -be levied upon corre-
sponding commodities imported from Great
Britain, In the secand place, the Globe
denies that there was any hope of obtaining
a preference for Canadian products in the
British market by way of a return for the
preference of one-quarter or one-third con-
ceded to British commodities in the Cana-
market, The Globe points out that
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN has never gone
further than to say that the United King-
dom might place a small customs tax on
food products and raw materials coming
trom foreign countries so as to give a pret-
erence to similar commodities sent from
the Colonies, but only on condition that
British products should be admiited to
Canada and other Colonies absolutely free
of duty, The Globe reminds its opponents
that Sir Winrrip Laurier, speaking at the
time in London in reference to the sugges-
tion of reciprocal free trade, said that Can-
ada could not accept such an offer because
the whole fabric of Canadian finance as well
as of Canadian industry was founded on
customs duties, The Globe invites Conserva-
tives to say whether Canadian manufac-
turers are prepared to accept the free
competition of their British rivals. Even if
they were, it would be necessary to per-
suade the Australian Colonies to accept an
equally free competition, and it would stull

| dian
even

reverse her traditional policy and accept
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S suggestion,

That a practicable type of political union
between the mother country and her Colon-
ies has been yet devised, the Globe does not
pretend to assert, It does not hesitate,
however, to reject, as outside of the fleld of
practical politics, the proposal of a Zollver-
ein based upon the principle of absolute
free trade between all the parties to the
commercial union. There is thus, at last, a
distinct line of cleavage between the two
political parties in the Dominion. The Con-
servatives, although they profess superior
loyalty, are opposed to the preference at
present given to British producta in the
Canadian market. The Liberals defend
that preference, but admit that they cannot
go further and give absolutely free access
to British manufactures, although only by
that extreme concession could the British
Parliament be tempted to allow Canadian
products a preference in the markets ot
the United Kingdom.

 

The Theories and Practices of Bodmer.

A reporter of THe Sun in Washington
Visited on Friday last the busy headquarters
and richly stocked warerooma of the ‘‘ Com-
mittee on Distribution."’ His observations
are recorded in another column, Not only
did he find business humming, but he also
had the pleasure of meeting the ' Treasurer
to the Committee on Distribution” and lis-
tening to that gentleman's views of THE
SUN's motives in directing public attention
to the prosperous affairs of Ricwarpson,
Sporrorp, Barcus & U.S. A.

The name of the ' Treasurer to the Com-
mittee on Distribution’ is Rvpo.r J. Bop-
MER. Mr. BopMeER has not previously
appeared in person in these essays, but
his existence has not been unknown to us.
Nor has it been unknown to those kicking
bibliophiles who, having discovered the mis-
representation and false pretences employed
by agents of the concern, have refused to
reeeive the ' Messages and Papers of the
Presidents (Copyright, 1897, by Janna D.

{ICHARDSON) " and declined to pay in their
$34 for that Government document. We
quote first Mr. Bopmer's general theory of
THE Sun's present interest in him:

“Of course you know Roy this fight is made on us.
THE SUN tsa Trust paper and Mr RICHARDSON ts
and has always been against the Trusts. And so
THE SUN has begun this Aight on our books with the
{dea of injuring Mr. RICHARDSON and helping the
Trusts."

Both the anti-monopolistic compiler and
the anti-monopolistic treasurer should

ingenious conception when they are sum-
moned before the investigating commit-
tee appointed by the Senate.

Mr. Bopmer’s statement regarding poor
SProrrorD makes it necessary for us to recur
to the Assistant Librarian of Congress, some-
thing we had not expected to do, Bopmenr
says that Srorrorp was hired to make a
“peal index" to replace a worthless index
| originally prepared, ‘*When he had done
the work we hired him for,” explains
Boomer, “of course we permitted him to
Be Aecordingly Sporronp, having fin-

ished his index, ‘isn’t connected with the

‘Committee’ now.”

This is very interesting. It ought to be
partionlarly interesting to the Hon. Jawrs
| D. RicHakpsox, who based his appeal to
Congress for a gift of the duplicate plates

upon the alleged extra labor derolved upon |
! upon it, as you made an unconditional acknowledg

him personally by the necessity of indering;
and who informed the country, in the pref-
ace of the tenth volume, after the index
had bern completed, that it was the work of
his son, assisted by himself. The investi-
gating committee may find it profitable to
compare these three statements, keeping
clearly in view the dates of the first two,
those by Riciarpson himself:

From the Congressional Record of May 11, 1897.

“MR. RICHARDSON.—Here I am called upon to
make an index to this large compilation * * * Jt
would require almosta year's time of constant work
tomakeit. © * * Tam earrying that index along
with the volumesas they are issued from the press,
and I bave it prepared down to and tueiuding the
fourth volume, which you have not yet seen. I got
advance sheets of {i from the office, and have made
the Indes up todate, This work, in addition to the
| compiling, fs oceupy4ng me these two or three hours
} A day that | speak of, and bas taken the time for the
last two years, T mention these facts that you may
see something of the work that rests on me."

"The work has oecunied me closely for more than
four years. A great portion of this tlme has been
consumed by the preparation of the Index. The In

the work of my son, JAMES D. Ricu
who prepared tt

|
From the Preface to Volume X. July 4, 1899,
|

dex ts mainly
| ARDSON, Jr
| asl could give him

| it for th
|

With such assistance
He has given his entire Une to

rea yea

 

From BODMER'S Statement, April 21, 1900
“When were first complied we had no
Index exeopta regular list of the papers which wasn't
| worth anything. So we Vr. SPOFFORD to
| prepare @ real indez, a sort of gulde to the books,
Well, be worked at that until {t was done and gave us
meanwhile the benefit of his counsel as to th» books
themerives, When thatindex was finished, however
he asked leave to witidraw from the committee, and,
; ashe had done the work we hired him for, of course we
permitted him to gr

 

   

hese par

invited

| The investigating committee, when it gets
| down tothe index, will perhaps be able to
determine whether that index is exclusively
the work of the Hon. James D, Ricnarpson
has he alleged when he was asking Conggess

to make him a gift of Government plates, or
| of the younger James D. Ricitarpson, as
| the father fondly announced in his preface
the final volume, or AInswonrti
Kk, Svorrornp, who, as BopMER now ex-
plains, was higed by the ‘Committee on
Distribution,” to do that job and for no
other And the Senate investiga-
tors will likewise compare the foregoing

to of

purpose

SSS SSS SSS SSS ss SSS SSS SSS SSS

ee

i

 

 

HE SUN, .TUESE

statement of Boomer, as to who hired | In spite of the talk of the demagogues it |

 

 

 

Sporrorp and for what purpose, with the | plain that the majority of the striking

following statement of the Hon. Jamzs D.
Ricuarpson in the House of Representa-
tives on January 30 of the present year:

Mr. TAWNEY. I would also state that Mr. Spor
FORD'S name is printed on the letterhead as Secre-
tary of the Committee.

“Mr. RICHARDSON, ~Mr. SPOPPORD bas been em-
ployed to assist, in an honorable way, fn the sale of
the work.”

The victims of the agents of the ' Com-
mittee on Distribution,” and pretty much
the whole country, know now in what way
poor Mr. Sporrorp’s name and title of
‘General Secretary’ have assisted in the
salo of the work, We proceed to quote from
the interview with BopMER:

“'We once used o letterhead,’ continued Mr.
BODMER, ‘which created all kinds of a fess.’ With
that be produced a sheet of paper headed with ‘Com
mittee on Distribution,’ printed in Old English type
exactly like that used by the Committee on Ways and
Mrans and every other committee in the House. ‘As
that was so objectionable we have been working it
off and now use only this sort.’ "

We should say that Bopmer has been
“working off" the deceptive stationery
with a vengeance. But why does that emi-
nent financier speak of the working-off pro-
cess as a thing of the remote past?

Bopmer's explanation here quoted was
made on April 21, On April 12, just nine
days earlier, he signed with a rubber stamp
and mailed to Boston a communication
typewritten on paper bearing the very
letterhead which he says was “once”
used but was discontinued because ‘ ob-
jectionable."’ This remarkable communi-
cation was addressed by BopMeRk to one
of the kicking bibliophiles of whom we
have spoken. As it reveals the ‘Commit-
tee on Distribution’’ in a new aspect,
namely, that of the angry and threatening
creditor using the semblance of official
character to collect an alleged debt, we print
itin full below. It adds another chapter to
this extraordinary story:

Committee on Distribution
Messages and Papers of Presidents,

JAMBS D, RICHARDSON, Tennessee,
EDITOR,

AINSWORTH R. SPOPFORD,
GBNERAL SRORETARY.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 12, 1900,

“ DPAR SIR: It may seem all right to you to evade
our notices for payment and our urgent demands for
an expression of a willingness to regard the terms of
your contract, but I cannot help but think you are
committing a grave error in importing damage to us,
AS we expect the same treatment and attention to this
indebtedness that you would from your debtors. I
consider you capable to meet the payments, and we
have definitely resolved to grant no further conces-
sions as to ime, having reached the extreme Iimitof
indulgence.

“We have formulated our policy and have decided
upon definite action. We will be compelled to address
A communication to your employer or to the parties
through which source you receive your money, living
them an adequate comprehension of what we are
having to contend with to get this money; they will
nol refuse to Intermeddle, as there js no desire upon
thetr part to be drawn Into petty litigation,

‘Weare reluctant to engage in these proceedings
which may disqualify you from position of trust or
promtable busimess, Dut there ts no other alternative
when customary and polite demands do not receive
your attention.

* We also will make application to a Merchants’
Protective Association who collects and communi-
cates accurate information concerning the exact
source of debtors’ incomes who willfurnish us deta
essential from time to thme, and the name of a party
pecullarly adaptedto reach it. In fact, weare going
to resort to any leGal expedientand will meet any
contingency to obtain Jurisdiction of your earnings or
property, the records being conclusive and showing
affirmatively facts necessary to establish this Jurls-
diction.

“Thisisa strong measure, and will not be exer-
cised doubtingly and there will be no relaxation uptil
we sucered in collecting the full amount, together
with damages to cover the expense occasioned by our
be!ng compelled to take these indirect measures

We shall also institute measures to compel and
enforce the complete and specific performance of your
obligation and to enjoin people who may owe you
money from paying you, pending the oettlementof
this matter, by making application to the Court for
permanent attachment proceedings. Any assumption
upon your part to leave us without @ dollar or the
courtesy of an effort can hardly be justified on any
settied moral or legal principles, and your Intention
to pay will not suMfce as an antidote to neutralize the
loss to which we are being subjected.

“You will observe that while we deem It expe
dientto resort to the above extraordinary measures,
they are separate and distinct and are for the attain
men’ of different results, being based upon the fact
that nothing butdrastic steps will bring you to time.

“This is final, and disposes of the whole merits of
the case. We trustthat your sense of business fair-
ness will prompt you to forestall these effective meas
ures and make a smal! payment upon account imme
diately which will be deemed to constitute an exten-
sion of 50 days, when you will still have the privilege
of making another payment

“In concluston, I beg to state that there \e abun-
dance of evidence to establish this claim, which can
be produced atany time without fear of change or
liability of miseonstruction. The validity of your
indebtedness will depend upon whether or not we have
delivered to you the stipulation of your agreement,
whieh {s inflexible. You have received the books
and the retention is an admission of the correctness
of the eceount, the signature to your contract ts

| genuine, the debt was created upon principles of law
| which

are established; your contract bears and
expresses the transaction actually made and it ts not
necessary for ustoallege and prove that we relied

ment of the debt.
“Very respectfully yours,
“COMMITTEE ON DISTRIBUTION,
“RUDOLPH J. BODMER,

* Treasurer."
The italics are ours in the foregoing,
They mark a threat which, if not actually
indictable under the laws of Massachusetts
or of the District of Columbia, is very near
the line which divides blackmail from legiti-

mate measures of debt-collection, It is to
this feature of the letter composed |
by Bopmer for the perusal of one

of the recaleitrant bibliophiles originally
persuaded by the Barcusian methods, that
the attention of Congress should be mainly
directed, The elephantine proportions of
the dun, the ponderous attempt to terrify,
and the over-elaboration of portentous
phrases in wonderful English, are matters
of curiosity only.

Snueh was the use to which “ Treasurer”
Bonner of the ‘Committee on Distribu-
tion’ was putting, less than a fortnight ago,
the quasi-official stationery that bears the
names of the Ton, James D, Rictarnpson
and Mr. AINSWORTH R. SPoFFORD,

 

A Demonstration,

The past week's story of'the new Croton |

Dam proves the need of troops there and
hence the propriety of sending them,

Gen. Rok and his men reached the dam to
find perfect quiet, the strikers retired to
their homes and no apparent cause for a
show of force by the State. Those who
looked with a friendly eye on riot because

of racial sympathy with the idle Italians |

or because of a leaning toward dis-
order sneered at Governor ROoosEVELt's
action as a wanton display of power
and condemned it as an overbearing affront
to law-abiding men who having asserted
their right to stop work stood in the way of
nobody desiring to take their places, But

after a few days of protection offered to |

men willing to work the force of laborers js
nearly complete again, andin a few days
there will be room for no more help,

The troops have simply stayed by the
dam, and with that guarantee of personal

safety the vacant places have been filled. j for an international investigation

| selves and in the self-sacrifice by which

 

| day, the attitude of the professors toward

|‘ heathendom”

 

| enormots
} and other business interests etablished on
} their
| tance of the matter, a joint resolution has been

Italians felt that to venture into employ-
ment again would be to risk the fate of the
murdered Dova ass,

Under the circumstances the troops should |
be kept at the dam so long aa there rematrs
the shadow of anxiety asto the future in
the mind of either workingman or con-
tractor,

 

Sampson and Schicy.

The partisans of Rear Admiral ScuLey,
led by Gen. Aaneus of Baltimore, whose |
repudiation of his agreement to pay money |
to a charity named by Tu Sun gained for |
him the title of the  Welcher of Nacirema,”
have been heard from again in savage tones
in denunciation of Rear Admiral SAMPSON
and all those who, aiming at justice, as-
sert the facts of record concerning both |
officers. The World has published a story
that this Gen, Aonve extorted favors for
ScHLEY from President McKINLEY, on the
threat of publishing some long stored up
information that was discreditable to Sa mp-
SON, Rear Admiral CROoWNINSHIFLD and
Capt. Manan. Knowledge of such an occur-
rence has been denied in Washington.

Throughout the discussion of the issue
upon SAMPSON and ScHLEY THE SUN has
had first in mind the welfare, the efficiency,
the good name and, most of all, the honor
of the American Navy. If out of the past
there can be raked up dishonor attaching to
SAMPSON, demanding for him public dis-
grace at the hands of his peers, in Heaven's
name let justice be done. And so also of
CROWNINSHIELD and Maan, against whom
the rage of the Schleyites has been particu-
larly venomous. But don’t let surmise as}
to the past cloud the knowledge of the
present,

Every one knows to-day that Sampson
by all rules of war was the Commander of
the victorious American fleet at Santiago,
and that he is, publicly and privately, 0 re-
garded by the Captain of every ship of that
fleet; that he has been barred from receiving
the reward which a patriotic people owe to
an officer who has done for his country such
services as his, and that this failure of
fair play is because of jealousy on the part
of ScuLry and the blind and angry support
of it incertain newspapers. So much for
SAMP8ON,One factor in this controversy.

Now for the other, It is a matter of pub-
lic knowledge, not founded on speculation
or hearsay, but upon the records of the
Government, that ScHLEY proved himself
a subject for censure as a commander; that
he has been exposed in an attempt to cheat
the public in regard to his own conduct;
that he practically haa received the lie from
a brother officer, and that, although
so smirched and disgraced by the official
records, he has never dared to ask for a
Court of Inquiry, by which stains like his if
undeserved can be wiped away.

And to think that shame of this kind, un-
known in any service in the world, ts suf-
fered to rest upon the Navy of the United
States!

 

The Greatest Obstacle in the Way
of

The Rey. Dr. Paton, a missionary to
the New Hebrides, said in the course of a
sermon at the chapel of the Union Theo-
logical Seminary on Sunday, that mission-
aries are ‘extremely thorough in the study
of the Bible, owing to the necessity of trans-
lating it.’’ That is very true, for the first
work of all Protestant missionaries of
Christianity is to translate the Bible into the
languages and dialects of the people of other
religions whom they go to convert,

The Bible is the prime essential of their
spiritual campaign, and
labor expended on its translation has
been almost inconceivably great. In the
New Hebrides alone, said Dr, Paroy, the
Scriptures have been translated into as
many as twenty-two distinct dialects. A
single Bible Society, the British and For-
eign, distributes Bibles translated into more
than two hundred languages and dialects,
usually by missionaries. This great task
could not have been performed except under
the inspiration of absolute faith in the Serip-
tures as the infallible word of Gop. The
whole impulse to missionary endeavor came
from such faith, in the missionaries them-

the Missionaries,

the amount

they were stimulated and supported. The
circulation of the Bible as the only guide to
salvation and the sole source of Christianity
is the motive of all the missionary enter-
prise, So soon as missionaries have mas-
tered a language or a dialect into which the
Bible has not been rendered they set about
to translate the Book into it at infinite pains
as the Means necessary to enable them to
fulfil the injunction to carry the Gospel to
every creature

At the Union Theological Seminary, in
whose chapel Dr. Paton preached on Sun-

the Scriptures, however, is very different
from that of the missionaries and from that
the missionaries are seeking to cultivate in
the ‘heathen’ world, It is an attitude of
criticism rather than of faith, and is akin to
the intellectual opposition with which tha
missionaries have to deal in Oriental coun-
tries more especially, If this criticism is
correct the self-denying labor expended in
making those hundreds of translations of
the Bible has been inspired by delusion, and
the Book has been put before countries not
Christian on an assumption which is false,
Nor is it possible to keep from the more
intelligent of these ‘heathen’ the knowl-
edge that scholarship in Christendom itself
rejecta the anthority and doubts the an-
thenticity of the Bible put before them by
the missionaries as the absolute Word of
Gop, Already, in these days of rapid com-
munication that knowledge has extended to
India, to China and to Japan, and it will be-
come more and more general. Very likely
we shall hear of the consequences from the
Liberal Congress of Religion, which met at
Boston yesterday and will continue its ses-
sions during the progress of the Keumeni-
cal Conference on Missions in this city,

 

At this time when the Bible ia repudiated
as an infallible authority by teachers of the
very Churehes which are cireulating it in |
as the veritable Word of
Gop, is not all missionary enterprise en-
countering in Christendom itself a far more
serious obstacle to its successful progress
than any it contends against in
“heathen countries where the effort
evangelization is expended?

the
at

 

Reference has hitherto been made in Tae
Scns to the numerous ship and power canals |
and other proposed schemes for diverting water
for various purposes from the Great Lakes |

Worthy as these doubtless

entertoriaes are, |
it is elear that if all, or any considerable |
part of them are carried out, the

Water |
level of the Great Lakes will be lowered and |

damage will be done to “hed |

shore Recognizing the grave impor-

introduced in Congress making provision

vl these

'

| a5

 

plans with the idea of determining how far
they should be allowed to proceed.

One of the moat noteworthy of the new
schemes is the power canal of the Michigan
and Lake Superior Power Company, Water is
'o be taken by this means out of the St Mary's
Kiver at Sault Ste. Marie for the purpose of
maintaining an electrical powor, chiefly for
the purpose of treating iron ore, The new
canal is to cost nearly $7,000,000, and over
$3,000,000 have already been spent upon it
There is no doubt, of course, that the exe-
cution of the project would be of tremen-
dos benefit to the mining aud other inter
ests of Sault Ste, Marie. But the plan has
been vigorously fought by the Lake Car-
ners’ Association, an organization whose
objects are sufficiently implied in its title,
That is to say, the Lake Carriers’ Associa-
tion has demanded that the power canal
should not so lower the level of the lake
4s to damage shipping interests. The
association brought evidence before the Con-
€ressional Committee having the matter in
charge to show that should the opening of the
canal lower the level of the lake so much as
an inch, it would damage the lake and its in-
terests $1,125,000 yearly; if the canal lowered
the lake level two and a half inches it was shown
that the damage to the same interests would
be $2,530,000 annually, The sponsors for the
canal, however, declared their purpose of
erecting compensating works on the Canadian
shore by meane of which enough water would
be poured into the lake each day to make good
auy deficiency that might be caused by the oper-
ationof thecanal, The two partios tothe contest
have now agreed to a bill allowing the power
company to draw water from the St. Mary's
River as it wishes, but providing that the reme-
dial works on the Canadian shore before speci-
fled shall be built, and that the Secretary of
War ehall appoint a Board of Engineers who
shail pass upon the plans for the construction
and operation of the new canal, and suggest
to the Secretary of War such regulations
as may be necessary governing the amount
of water to be diverted. The bill empowers
the Secretary of War to have the power com-
pany's works removed or changed if it shall be
proved that this is necessary, and it places the
power company under the entire operation of
any such rules as may be drawn up by the in-
ternational commission, should one be author-
ized, which investigates the maintenance of the
levels of the waters lying between the United
States and Canada,

It is believed that this compromise will be a
model for similar ones regarding the opera-
tionsof the other ship and drainage canals that
have been planned,

SIBLEY the Apostate. That man SIBLEY —Buf

faco Courier

When the Hon Josern C. StBLEY's heart and
pocketbook were open to the Democrats they
thought him a statesman and a friend of man.
Presumably he is essentially the same Jor
SIBLEY that he was when Bryan loved him,

The Hon Cakt Browne, who once marched to
Washington with COXEy, Admiral
Dewry's most enthusiastic political supporter
At the Missouri Progressive Populist Conven-
lion, he spoke with fervorin favorof Dewry
and BARKER or DONNELLY. Subsequently he
reverted to BAKKER and DONNELLY. Thus does
the Dewey boom lose its loudest boomer .

has heen

 

 

If there is any better speaker in Americathan
BrexJAMIN HARRISON, bring him on

As some persons sea something peculiarly
impudent in the proposition of the Silver Re-
publicans to call themselves Lineoln Republi-
cans, it is right to explain that “ Lincoln Re-
publicans"’ must not be assumed to refer to
ABRAHAM LINCOLN, Probably it means " Re-
publicans "’ of the achool of Col Bryan of Lin-
coln, Neb

 

Asarule, we leave to others the fashionable
compliments to Governor RoosEVELT on his
“mantiness "’) but we must join on the occasion
of his refusing to deliver Governor Tayior, of
Kentucky, to the reckless and savage Goebel-

ites
ee

IN SOUTH AFRICA,

Although the latest despatches from the Boer
side contain some interesting details of what
took place two and three days ago, neither they
nor those from the British side make the situa-
tion very clear) One thing, however, is evident,
whichis that the forces moving to the relief of
Col Dalgetty, who is locked upat Jammersbure
Drift near Wepener, are having adiMeult time
of it owing to the weather and the Boer resiste
ance The British plan would appear to be to
close in on the Boers who surround the
Colonial force at Jammersbure Drift as was
done with Gen. Cronje at Paardeberg, but if
so, the 18,000 men more or less under (Gen,
fundle are insuMcient for the purpose if the
numbers of the Boers are anything like those
stated, looking at the wide elrcle the British
would have to cover and the Boer power of
concentration and rapid movement. The pres-
ence of Gens DeWet and Villiers reported at
Thaba N'Chu on Friday last would indicatea
considerable force at that point watching the
British movements to the east and southeast of
Bloemfontein

The reports from Phoemfontein make it look

   

thongh Lord) Roberis were completely
reorganizing the army under his eom-
mand, and that he is still seriously hain-
pered by the want of horses — His despatch of
yesterday justifies the suspicion that Gen

Rundie was meeting with a stiff resistance,
strong enough to need the assistance of two
brigades of cavalry under Gen) Freneh and
Pole-Carew's infantry division TI
detachment of so large a foree, three infantry
divisions, two brigades of cavalry, with their
artillery and mounted infantry contingents,
from Bloemfontein and Reddersburg attests the
shrewdness of the Boer strategy, for so long as
they can be kept in the south the direct ad-
vance from Bloemfontein is suspended, and the
action of the left wing at Boshof neutralized
The statement that a map had been found on

Gen

a British scout eaptured by a Boer patrol, in |

which the Orange Free State has been renamed
Brandesia after the late President Brand, is
exceedingly interesting, and in line with the
policy indicated in Lord Roberts's first publie
utterance after his entry into Bloemfontein,
when he spoke of President Steyn as the late
President, and proceeded to plan out a new ad-
ministration for the Free State an named
the State railwave the Imperial Military Ruail-
ways. Thestatement purporting to come from
good authority that the Boer forees in the
field number 90,000 is evidently an exnggera-
tion, unleas forelen troops have been smuggled
into the eountry by
which is That guns and am-
minition are finding their wav in by ¢
of-the-wav route from the eoast py
quite certain

   

some unknown routes,

very unlikely

 

Ars to be

 

A Douglass Fond From Allthe National Guard.

To Tk Enron or THe SuN-Sir: In eon
nection with the ratsing of a fund for the Widow
Dougless of Mount Vernon [would suggest the plan

of asking each member of the National Guard to con
tribute from 10 to25 cente They would reanond tiadi¢
and ft would bea neat amount for Mrs. Douglass

A. EMRS.

Expected Trial of a Penrsytvonia Militiaman
for Offering His Services to England.
From the Philadephia Preas
The court-martial of a high oMfcer of the Pe nnsy|
vania National Goard will probaly follow an invest

gation now being mide by Major Gen, George R
Snowde

The officer, whose name ts not now divulged fered
himself to the British Government for service in South
Africa against the Boers Phe offer wos made two
weeks ago t) the British Government thro igh her
Majesty's Consul tn this elty, the Hon, WLS. Pow

An Adult,
J rom the Detroit Free Press.

‘Say, pa, what isan adult?”
‘an adult, Jimmy, is a person who doesn't
kick out a good pair of shoes every two weeks.”

 

|} you and some
OMe Onte |

+ Oug

PRICE OF THE CATHEDRAL LON.

Jadge Beekman’s Investigation Settled the
Question,

To the Epiron or Taw Sun--Sir: In rela-
tion to letter of Mr. Charles Hemstreet in your
lasue of this date, wherein he promises @ core
rection of a statement made in his book, “Nooks
and Corners of Old New York," concerning
the site of St. Patrick's Cathedral, the state-
mont he made, which he now wishes to correct
being that the Cathedral site was given to the
Roman Catholics for a nominal sum of $1, Sim-
ilar staternonts have been written and uttered
and published time and again in the faceof well-
established and recorded facts, In 1803 Henry
R. Beekman a former Counsel to the Corpora-
tion and now a Supreme Court dudge, made,
at the requost of John D. Crimmins, au examt-
nation of all the records pertaining to this
property, the result of which was summarily
as follows

In 1796 Casimir T. Goerck laid out what were
known as the common lands belonging to the
Mayor, Aldermen and Commonalty of the city
of New York into blocks, each bounded on the
north and south by unnamed streets sixty feet
in width, The property in question forms a
part of block No. 62 on said map, which, in
1790, was conveyed by the Mayor, Aldermen
and Commonalty of the city of New York to one
Robert Lylburn for the sum of £405 and a per-
petual quit rent of “four bushels of good mer-
chantable wheat or the value thereof in gold or
silver coin of lawful money of the State of New
York,” payable on May 1 of each and every year,
The property was conveyed by Lylburn in isi
to Francis Thompson and ‘Thomas Cadle, who
in turn sold it. to Andrew Morris and Cornelis
Heeney, by whom it was mortgaged in [510 to
the Eagle Fire Company of New York, and in
1821 conveved to ohe Denis Doyle, subject to
suid mortguge d ;

The Eagle lire Company having instituted
proceedings for the foreclosure of the mort-
gage, the property was by the decree of the
Court of Chancery sold at public auction, and
was purchased on sueh sale by Francis Cooper,
to whom it was accordingly conveyed on Noy,
12, 1828, by Christian 1., Grim, a Master of
Chancery ;

By deed dated Jan, 30, 1829. and recorded in
the Registers office in this city in liber 248 of
conveyances, page 71. Francis Cooper con-
veved the same property to the trustees of St
Patrick's Cathedral in the city of New York
and the trustees of St. Peter's Chureh The
recitals in this deed state that the above
trustees had selected the property fn question
for a burial ground, and hed Gesignated
Francis Cooper to attend the sale and bid for
the property: that the purchase was accord-
ingly made by Cooper for $5,550, which money
as well as an additional sum of $51.53, exacted
by the Master in Chancery for interest, was

 

pve in equal parta by the trustees of St.
Patrick's Cathedral and the trustees of St,
Peter's Chareh, and the property was pur-

chased by Cooper, and the title thereto taken
by him for these two corporations which had
advanced the purchase money. Jt was aceord-
ingly conveyed to them

About 1811 a new plan of streets and avenues
was adopted by the city which differed frem
the one of Goerck’s in 1796. which resulted
in parcels of land being cut from a frontage
on the new streets by strips in some cases
not morethanafew inchesin width, Toremedy
this a plan was adopted and authorized by
the Commou Council which involved an ex-
change of these strips between the city and
its grantees, so as to give each full blocks
bounded by the new streets. The trustees
of the cathedral owned a strip of land extend.
ing along the northerly side of Tifty-first street,
being 4 feet & inches wide at Fourth avenue
and tapering to a point at the northeast cor-
ner of Fifth avenue and Fifty-first street
The balance of the block between Vifty-first
and Fifty-second streets, which was owned
by the city, was thus shut off from any frontage
on Fiftv-first street

On the other hand the city owned a strip
on the northerly side of Fiftieth street, being
5 feet 6 inches wide at Fourth avenue and jo
inches at Fifth avenue. excluding the trustees
of the Cathedral and of St. Peter's from front-
age on Fiftieth street. As in numerous other
similar cases an exchange of these small strips,
so nearly equal in area, was made between
the city and trustees in 1852) by which each
secured the advantage of a full frontage on
astreet from which it had heen excluded, The
exchange in question was fair and was made in
puravance of a general plan and in no respect
differed from a large number of other cases
of like character

The city had inaugurated the poliey of eam-
muting the quit rents for a lump sum, and in
pereseme of this poliev the quit rent in ques.
ion, four bushels of wheat. was capitalized
nt $83.82 which sim was paid to the city by
the trustees, and the release customary in
such cases was made to them by city authori-
ties by deed dated Nov. 11 1852. and recorded
in the Register’s office in liber 620 of convey.
ances. page 864. The sim eo paid repreeenta
a canitalization of 6 per cent., taking a bushel
of wheat at 81.25

Subsequently the trustees
Church conveved their interest
teas of St. Patrick's Cathedral, who thus be-
came sole owners of the property

In conclusion, Mr. Beekman said: “In all
of the above transactions the dealing of the
eity with the Cathedral differed in ro wise
from a larce number of similar ones had hy
the city with other owners of portions of its
common lands. and it is anparent upon the
fake of the facts as T have detailed them. that

 

 

of St. Peter's
to the trus-

 

the eriticisems which have heen nassed unon
the me d of acanisition by the Cathedral
of its property are wholly without founda-

 

tion ar instifieatior
New Yor, April 8 D.7. Partan,

TO DEAL WITH TURKEY,

 

An Effective Method Suggested by One Who
Knows the Turkish Ropes.

To tur Epirronor Tar Stx-—Sir: Your
London correspondent in his telegram = that
aopeared in yesterday 8 SUN speaks of Furopeans
as sympathiving benevolently with this conntry
in its efforts to obtain sativfaction of ite claima
from Turkey, but at the some time entertaining
the almost universal belief that they will prove
absolutely without result. He further cites
the opinion of an officer of high rank ta the
Britis! save that the Ameri-
ean sei isontof the question, and

Foreign OMce, who

ire of Srv ras
generaliv advises a policy of patience; in Turkish,
Yowas)

With due re
elen Offloe

go ensy
peet to Purope and British For-

there seennys

 

opinions, no reason
why not proceed to
collect the elaim due and acknowledged by
the Sultan, and, moreover, do it in a way that
would bot interfere with the interests or trade
other country, The methed I would
Siiggest is this

An American squadron might take possession
of the island of Lemnos off the mouth of the
Darda and declare a blockade, in or out,
against every vessel under the Ottoman fing,
merchant or war marine. If that did not produce
immediate results, which T believe it would
then there is the island of Rhodes, the Suatom
siouse of which should in a short time furnish

should

our Grovernment

of any

elles

the amount — of the — indemnits The
situation created by this action would
cause t} moner tf be readily found |

and quickly pald, and at the same time would |

hot interfere in the slightest degree with the
commercial or political interests of any
power

New York, April 23,

FoTu EN

A Protest.
TO TRE Eprron oF THe SUN—Sir: As your
paper Las become the most satisfactory arenain the
country for the discussion of all religtous questions

l want to refer a matter to you in the hove

that both
of your able correspondent
press an opinion in regard to it

ishop Potter, on h

iwilles

 

 

 

return from Manila, stated
that Chap! Merce was locking ofter the interests
of the Epiteopal Choreh cut there and doing all he
could to establish Now, asa taxpayer who |
helps to pay Chaplain Pierce's salary fora speeifie
p » Lobject to bis aeting as the general Agentot
& pariecular religious denomination while hetsem
ployed and pald a rand my agent, asthe gent
ot the ted States. Land many others think some
other form of religion, if they not be left undis
turbed In what they have, would be better for the
Filipino

 

Hlave chanlains pald by the Governmene
to enter into the active propagat
denominational views
tcChaplain Pleree to be called down?
HAMPTON, Va., April 22

the righs
urtieular
sessions?

n of thelr «
of thelr p

t foreg
foreig

 

JOHN MANNING

In Honor of the Concord Grape,

From the Poston Evening Transcript

Th was vertably Aunique occasion at Old Concord
on Mondas afternoon and one that
soll Wo the elements were in harmony with the
“Tememoranes meeting "in honorof Kyhraim Wales
Bull, the orig nator of the Concord grape

Pearl Necklace of One strand Worth 8400,000.
the Leudon

Iror Truth

ihe Goldsmiths’ and Stiversmiths’ ¢ ompany have
sent to the Paris Expo
ran,.o09, Tt

tlon a nec

S the finest

lace of pearls worth
in the world and contains
forty six pearix, The five central ones are immense
Spheres of milky splendos.

 

 

} came to belleve that if a man could only

other |

|

 
 
    

 
       

WEBRASKA WILDCAT BANKS,

 

An Fxperiment in Finance Made in the Wes
Before the War.

Tancoun, Neb,, April 21. An object lesson
in finance is presented by two large franos
hanging in the museum of the Public Library of
Omaha, In them is an almost complete cole
lection of issues of the wildcat banks that
flourished in Nebraska in the liter ‘50's, when
the theory of an irredeemable currency tipsy
found lodgement in the West, For many vearg
there hund attached to one of th frames, the
following quotation from a speech made by
A. D. Jones, a Representative trom Douglag
comnty, at the time the first bill authorizing
wildeat bank charters was passed. }

“When -T shall have been gathered to my
fathera and an humble mouument graces the
spot where lie buried my bones, it will eratity
my soul to look down from the high batUomente
of heaven and read engraved thereon Us sinpe
ple and truthful inseription: ‘Here lies an hone
est man-—-he voted against the inauguration of
Wildcat banks in Nebraska.’”

Curiously enough the first aggregation of
capital ever incorporated in Nebraska was a
banking institution, which obtained the privte
ege by a subterfuge, Its title was the West.
ern Fire and Marine Insurance and Exchenge
Company, Its charter gave it power to deal in
exchange, and this power was speedily constrind
as a license to do a general banking business
Its cashier was L. Ro Tuttle, who was undep

President: Lincoln Treasurer of the United
States, and its paying teller was ALU, Woy i
who held the same offlve under a later Adiinige

tration, ‘This was in 1855,
At the legislative session in 1856, the flr treng

battle over the incorporation of wildcat banks
wus fought out, J. Sterling Morton, attere
ward — Secretary of Agriculture under

President Cleveland, led the fight against the
banks. He was just fresh from college, and
his declaration that legitimate banking biisie
ness could be maintained only upon surplig
eapital, of which there was then none in the
Territory, carried no weight. When the meuse
ure came up in the Council he handed in a wie

nority report from the committee to which the
bills had heen referred in which he sarcastte
cally urged that each note issued should hear
the legend, “Bill holders individually Hable

On the day the bill became a law five banks,

at Nebraska City, Bellevue, Florence Oiaba
and Brownyille, were incorporated. The stock
ranged from $50,000) and the stockholderg

 

were made individually liable for the redeyipe
tion of all curreney issued. There was ne
provision for a specie reserve and no cafe.

guard against individual rasealitv. So. Ate
tractive av method of gaining wealth withous
exertion bronght dozens of promoters of banks
to the State when the neat Legislature met,
Six applications for charters were made. ‘The
committee grew alarmed and in its report
pointed out that if these charters were granted
and the banks issued curreney to the t
allowed it would give a per capita. circulation
to Nebraska of $750. AS @ result only two
charters were granted

Then the panic of 1857 came. The wave of
bankruptey which started with the failure
in Cineinnati of the Ohio Life and Trust Come
pany, and in New York of John Thompson,
the broker, did not strike Nebraska until cave
eral months later, Even while Fastorn banks

were toppling, the Western newspapers cone
gratulated themselve upen. the Upposed
fact that while Wall Street misht be the money

centre and the great stock and currency rege
lator, the inoney strength of the country was
in the West

The Tuttle bank at Omaha failed first It
had issued curreney without check and had
Jess than $200 cash on hand when it closed,
The Brownville bank was closed soon afters
ward, [ts collapre was occasioned by the
presentation for redemption by a lot of steane
boat hands on their way up the Missouri o1@
few hundred dollars’ worth of its currency,
The cashier excused himself for a moment,
walked out the back door and never came

back, Just $43 was realizedat the saleot ita
assets, Jn the sate was found several Uous
sand dollars’ worth of the bank's currency,

The notes were excellent samples of the en-
graying of the day, and so unimpaired were
they in publie estimation that long afterward
a Brownville man was able to pass the bills
off at St. Louis as good money
But two of the nine banks survived the panic,
The only reminders of ther existence are in
the musty court files and in the collections
of several numismatists, The only statisties
available show that the total value of their
notes in circulation, at their maximum of pros-
perity, was $420,000) when their specie reserve
Was only £126,000, The maximum of deposits
was 8125201 and loans and discounts $41k,-
On? maxifium of capital stock issued
Was $205,000
The Platte Valley Bank at Nebraska City
stood the strain longest, and so xreat was pubs
lic confidence in it that when other banks were
failing many helped to hold it up by deposits
of specie. When it failed it redeemed every
bote at par, because its president would not
allow it to be said that paper bearing his nama
wis ever hawked about at a discount, It
was the only State hank owned by residents
of the Territory, men from Indiana, Illinois
and Wisconsin being behind the others
One curious result. of the circulation of so
much money in the Territory was that peor ia
i get
his bills engraved he had a right to start a
hank. One without a charter was floated at
D> Seto, atown no longerin existence. Its hil'¢
were sent as far away from home as possible,
A local paper gave warning that when the erasa
came the good name of the town would sie
fer, An opposition retorted that the bank
was a8 safe as any other, because its solvency
and the redemption of the notes of all depended
upon the individual stockholders. It had half
a doven imitators, The newspapers of the dag
tried to do their duty by oeeastonally quoting
the market value of the various bank issues,
Which ran from fifty cents on the dollarto par
The craze te get rich by means of mate
factured money seized all kinds of companies,
At one point a hotel was erected purely upon
scrip, at Lincoln the city government sought
to make both ends meet by issuing ferip that
passed current at par for a time, ar do was prin
cipally used at the last to pay eity taxes @
recvetion that firnished the basis for the munir e
g
4

 

    

 

pal debt of to-day. Only 9 vear ayo, in tear

down an old building once used as a hank,

     

 

bundle of this sertp was found Most of
was preserved fs curiosities, but some notes
found their way into cireslation. and wera
passed upon suburban oeers. At Omala
Kerip fo the amount ef $60,000 was jecued ta
}'uid a eapitel fhe sum proved insufficient
aod another $50,000 was printed. The cap tel
was completed but was lost a few vears later
fo Lincoln, Most of the serip proved a dead
losa to the holders, but its (eeue was compiae
cently justified as a War mensure in which the

 

ined by the t Lie
atOmal

 
 

citizens who bore the Joes
porary situation of the apit

Only two of the banks issued bills of a dee
nomination as high as S1Oand the intention
was that they should wander so far awa at

they could not return to trouble the bank

IN OLD NEW ENGLAND,

A Fresh, Frank Criticism of Their Labora by
the Selectmen of Lancaster.

From the € 008 County Democra’,
The work on the Lancaster bridge, inaugurated for

 

  

 

the purpose of removing the pleron the New Harp.
hire side, thereby to faeliitate the annual log drive of
the Conneetiont River Lumber Company, is prac °
completed. ‘The pler still remains, however, and we
ar: oof the opinion that tt noust ren lin ordert
tath the bridge noth such atime as further work ean
be accomplished, While the bride ! nt and
pier ore very much improved and strengbtened, the
work asa whole is consid: rable ef a fall
The Selectmen are willing to teke thely full share of
the blame and criticisms, and there is no deut
that we shall reerive tt. Stl © feel that it should
hot allrestonus, The misiake w made tn overe
j Uimating the stren@th of the trussos, the at ent
j and the old pier. Another error was the endeavor to
build over an old structure, beginning att
while the foundation was rotten, Possibly we have
benefited the bride’ and lenghtened its span of

fulness $600 worth, but we doubt it

As wo wer: Instructed by the wote of the town, so we
have tried tod In fact, we have es dedt appro-
priation by almost a hundred dollars to male a
Success, and now we wonder where we are at Ve
have neither removed the pler, satished the lumber
company, the taxpayers, nor ourselves Reapeetfuy
submitted, THE SELECTMEN,

APRIt 17,

One Exception,
From the Chicago Times Herald
Burkley Why isita woman can never keep

a secret?
pegepeck

cVoedes

But she can I have never stie-
in getting my wife to tell me where sha
hires our pocketbook, and L've been trytng for

fifteen vears
Choice of Evils,
From the ( hicago Record
“Bertha, 1 think | hear a burglar down-
stairs’
‘Wel 5 let him alone If cook gets awake
she llcall in seven policemen and we wont have

abiteleft in the house for breakfast.”

Too Indefinite,
From the Indianapolis Press

 

Mudge Don't you believe in man’s supertor=
ity to woman?

Wieckwire Superiority in what? Ip ong
hammer ora hairpin? .