THINGS IN MIMIC SHOWS,

pio BILL'S WILD WEST AND
MILITARY EXHIBITIONS.

 

pur

A Monday with No New Play at Our Dramatio

yheatres An Operetta Produced at the
Eden Musee Comedies of Different Kinds
Are Revived on Broadway Stages.
puffalo Bill and bis variegated army were in
trumphant possession of the Madison Square
Garden last evenitg Rainy weather had al-

defeated therm in the street parade, but
there was no hindrance to their inancuvres
fin the bright Heht of the

ander the rook ane
except in Col. Bill's own aim, which

riya
me

 

calcums
was scarcely as good As his intention He was
. mpressively handsome as ever with his long

hair turned eray and his face linedby inereas-
Ing years, as he rode on @ spirited horse Into
thearena, He was @ gallant figure when he
“the cowboys and scouts against the Indians,
and age » in the chase of a herd of buffalo
But it waa his of night as @ rifleman. In
former seasons his shooting at tossed bails
whilein the saddle of a galloping horse had
been attended by more hita than misses, and
no doubt he will get down to marksinanship
this epring, but he made a bad beginning.
Ball utter ball fell to the ground unbroken,
until counted forty-nine to only
dvthat were shattered. But Annie Oakley and
\ bert larris were there to do well with shot-
dypistols, and so the sharpshooting was

they

    

““ ny a tine feature of the show Indeed, the
entertainment bearing the familiar tithe of
Hufallo Bill's: Wild Wost and Congress of
Rough Riders of the W orld” showed no dininu-
tion, but rather an enlargement, for while it
wis alla repetition of what it had been tn 1899,

the number of participants had been increased

The Garden was crowded densely tn every
part, from the box seata at $2 apiece to the top
gallery perches at 25 cents, and the peopleacted
asthough they had never seen the things be-
_so close Was the attention and so noisy was
ipplanse. The bucking broneos, the Dead-
wood coach, the Indian wardanee, the lassoing
f horses and the attack on the settler’s cabin,
retained from the very first of Buffalo
Bill's exiubit did not seem to have
popular illustration of
! The military displays
which had been added from season to season,
however, naturally excited greater enthusiasm

of men from the cavalry of
were extended to many
rowelke feats In horsemanship, and there
in interesting drill of artillerymen
\ field pie The = least satisfactory
ouarterol an hour was that which the Arabs
oeouped with stow and ordinary athletic feats,
j stengrossing One was that given to

ip San Juan Hill) The march of the
erstothe song of “A Hot Time in
the reston their arms at night, the
tot bugle eall, and the successful
eshown with much spirit, realism

Leffeet

 

the

ons
falien off a whit as
einthe West

 

The ¢ ions

\ + nations

   

 

ifrecalls for the vocalists at the Eden Musée
ning furnished a fair indication, the
{ al here of ““Tally-Ho! or a Hunting
Morning’ Was quite as promising as that of its
The newer offer-

predecessor, ‘Moss Roses ey

ing was the joint work of AlfredJ Caldicott
and Sir Jules Berfedict, and was in
one oa \s treated last evening
1 filled an hour, but there was
repetition of all the musical members, and as
this Was not given with undue readiness, the

value of the brief musical play seemed proven
Its story earried the love affairs of two pairs
fsaweethearts, one of young folks and one of
elders. The wooing of the latter, with play at
cross-purposes in behalf of the younger pair,
supplied comic element. The most pleasing
niusic was a duet deseription of a fox hunt,

d a duet for bass and tenor, with anvil ac-
companiment, Was eapecially melodious, As fn
‘Moss Roses,” Ida MacPierpont sang and acted
dmirably. Harry Dodd was lively and laugh-
ible ina part that called forlow comedy — Ger-
trude Bradley, John FE Gregory and Horace
Wright were other participants

A view of afox hunt had been promised and
was shown in miniature by a slight deepening
of the tny stage of the Musée A background
picture of greensward and woodland showed
through an arbor-like framework of foliage and
bloom. This last was thestage itself and gave
upon a smithy at one side and a
covered cottage at the other In frent
of the counterfeit: meadow passed the fig-
ires of a troop of horses and riders They
were small, barely passable counterfeits and
their progress was marked by the jerkiness
that characterizes all such affairs, whether they
be the hunters of asporting melodrama, or the
railroad train that is about to be flagged bya

 

lang-suffering heroine But the opening
throngh which they were seen narrowed to
ther, and the perspective was more correct
than as often effected in far more elaborate set-
tings Considering the size of the stage on

whieh the picture was attempted, the result
was creditable

 

The week started with no new play in Broad-
way last night, but three of former seasons
were brought into use again. Charles Froh-
man's stock company revived “Lord and Lady

Alevat the Empire, still using ‘The Bugle
Call’ asa first piece. The comedy by R. ©.
Carton ranks among the best of the many

satires that London has sent to us in thelast few
It was considered by some purists to
iveaspice of deviltry in its tipsy husband
andturfy wife, as well as in its interrupted
elopement A married woman erranged to
meet berlover at his brother's rooms, but was
met and lectured by the latter man instead of
the 1 she had the appointment

daunted, made a tryst for the
, and was again stopped, this time by
herhusband = But
{ nded with the empressior
Week there dhe

this was bhi

veuts

ne with whiel

  

he was deceived, and the
that within a
anothor raunaway
seworthy or pot in a
but sno doubt
Alev’’ is

wou
Whether aj
bay isan open question, there
i! lothat “bord and tady
eseeptionally diverting ard

ift Further indisputable
jsatroe picture of
that Mr) Prohman’s con
fine performance

an

 
 

 

» 1 t jt
and

par Ave a

phases of

Jessie

7es exactly the

nan a Tondon set
Favershan is equals (ine her
? ippears advantageously in come
piionsthe cast is the same
eduction. Guy Standing, Jos-
Jr, and Wiliam Crompton act
merolesas before. Mes Thomas Whiffen
* obeon as the erotesque ziuest at
Rose Evytinge is new as
“jtor
last night was at Daly's,
Girl’ was again seen on
st American prodiuetion
This musical farce ranks
sor thissort. When
put it on at his theatre
that {it would last for a
», and then he wor substitute
’ But “A Runaway Girl’ was
tit put yr the other piece’s in-
He niibatrer Mr Daly's death James
! Powers and Paula Edwards are the only
Sobers of the original cast who e in last
mnanee Mr Powers was comical
® ockey who condueted a party of Cook's
r ‘aula Kdwards was as funny as
girl) who called her-
ld pot drop her
Celeste as the
iilaer Wheeler as
ae ver were admirable musically, Rachel
h Th Was spirited asthe lively maid and May
in adequate singer of the popular
EC with the refrain “Listen to the Band”
icked a little of the original nicety
pparently under no one’s control
» thrust himself forward too
were, however, only de-

fast William

as

» PNG

 

 

 

yall, and
the dian itled titled y

 

 

 

the late

 

 

  

  

er

abies
but
sleet

ae) rremintt

 

 
 

inpe! |
iri

 

a

   

These minor

 

Ponts The various songs that had gone so far
hire the snceess of the play, and had been
Ned and piaved everywhere last year,

enthusiastically applauded when their

Were struck. It waslike welcoming

 

other change on Broadway
Fifth Avenue, where dJo-
2 and his company revived
econ the Hearth’ and “Lend Me
us Mr Jefferson has a srnall
\ reach part in ithe plays with an
‘nis that commands admiration
, eh Piummer in
Cricket on the
Waa in no way
when he first
His company an-
alvin this than in
of tt neers were
‘ tT fwith the good parts of Shoridan’s
ett Jr,, Elsie Lestie,
‘ nm qd hil Bender were ad-
ot the youns lovers
is deqaite as the severe
erson stepped stra
d to faree, when
orous though pathetic
vo funny bemu, dr. (ioe
Shititirues The man
‘hi pentertiun the women
ind yet wasso beset in money. mat-
ver iealos played by Mr. Jeffer-
soot! Paget and Blanche Bender were

night's
at t?

 

 

a o ‘
medy of
* L milar ond
nient trom
va
‘nee

AC Aap

anehe

he

 

- ive
‘ 1
Drope

te \

Wa. 1)

 

|
|
|

|

Vines |

|
admirablo

good-hearted |

performance that had many good |

————————_—

— oo a=

dashingly attractive as the w mn who ca
tivate hs saseepe le Mr. Golightly. hal

Koster and Bial’s has again changed mannge-
ment, this time sudenly though hardly unex-
pectedly. Yesterday afternoon the lease of the
music hall, which has fourand a half yearsto run,
was transferred fromthe Continental Atnuse-
ment Company to the London Amusement
tompany TD Marks is the managing direo-
tor of this organization, which Is a stock com-

any of American and English capitalists. ‘The
ease was transferred at 3 o'clock in the after-
noon, and Mr. Marks had secured a pro-

aranime of good vaudeville in time for the
evening Sree sner Vaudeville at half-rate

rices will be the policy of the house, but Mr
Marks said last night that he would depart
from itif. he thought necessary, ‘The Music
Hall will be kept open as late this season as

 

seems feasible, then the roof garden
will probably be brought into use
In booking performers Mr Marks will

coSperate with the Alhambra, Empire and Pal-
ace of London, the Casino de Paris and the
Folies Marighney of Paris, the Winter Garten
of Berlin and Ronacher's of Vienna. One of
Mr. Marks's innovations will be giving five
masked balls at the musie hall next winter
These will be modelled on those of Covent Gar-
den, London. The auditorium of the muste
hall will be floored over, and only mask
dancers permitted on it. The boxes and gal-
leries will be for spectators. Mr. Marks will
s00n go abroad to engage vaudeville perform-
era

The performance to_be given at Koater &
Bial’s this afternoon for the benefit of J
Cheever Goodwin promises to be entertaining
Acts from “The Casino Girl” and ‘The Vice-
roy" as well as excellent vaudeville are an-
nounced

Tim Murphy decided last night to end his run
in “The Carpetbagger’ atthe Bijou Saturday
Nothing has as yet been booked to follow

DAMROSCH TO LEAD NEXT YEAR.

 

Mr. Grau Has Engaged Him for the German
Operas at the Metropolitan.

It was announced last iffght that Maurice
Grau had engaged Walter Damrosch to conduct
the German operas at the Metropolitan Opera
House next winter in place of Emil Panr, who

was in charge during the past season. Mr.
Grau has been in negotiation with Mr. Dam-
rosch for some tine and it is probable that Mr
Damrosech will also conduct. some of the per-
formances to be given in English before the
beginning of the regular season.

It is also probable that. Mr. Grauw ill bring
to this country to conduct two series of
Nibelungen operas some distinguished foreign
conduetor,

SMALLPOX NOT ERADICA ee

Case From the Steamship That Brought

Clare Tourists.

Worcester, Mass, April 23 Smallpox has
been brought to this city by one of the {mini-
grants on the steamer New England of the Do-
nminion Line, which arrived in Boston on Friday
bringing some of the Clark excursion party
were stranded in Italy because of
Norah Donahue, 23 years old,
ja the victim, and she is now at
the Tsolation Hospital on Belmont street
The Donahue woman came to Worcester on
Saturday and went to the house of relatives at
5 Crescent street. She was accompanied by
Bridget Kelly, who came over in the steamship
with her. She had been in poor health on the
trip over, and, showing no improvement after
reaching Worcester, a physician was called and
at once diagnosed the case as smallpox

As soon as the case was reported to the Board
of Health, measures were promptly taken to
prevent a spread of the disease. All of the in-

 

Who
smallpox

 

niates, twenty-five in number, scattered
through five tenements, were examined
and vaccinated, with the exception
of three young men who also came

over on the New England with the two women,
The men had been vaccir ated for the trip over
and virus wasfound to be taking in good
shape
who are attending school, and to-morrow the
Board of Health will visit the school and vae-
cinate all the children attending

There were several Worcester people on the
New England, the advance guard of the Clark

tourists. None of them has been reported il]

   

   
 

SS

| WORK OF SCHLEY’S FRIENDS,

cS SS SSS SS SE

There were two children in the house |

since arrival here, but according to the states
ment of Clerk Coffey of the Board of
Health, no chanees will be taken and
all will have to submit to a vigor-
Ous examination There is considerable |

coneern in the city over the affair. The return-
ing been visited numer.
friends, and Dr. Alexander Lewis preached at
his the Pilgrim Congregational, on
Sunday morning and evening, and in-
formally greeted by his parishioners at the
close of each service Plans are already com-
jleted fora formal reception to Dr. and Mrs
Lewis. who were both passengers on the New
England, but these arrangements will be held
in abeyance

The Donahue
medical aid was
easier, indicating
stage of! the disease Not
secondary stage developes can
condition be ascertained Her tempera-
ture was 102 when the dector was called
She isa native of County Clare, as are the other
immigrants who came to Worcester with her
Clark Coffey of the local Board of Health has
notifled the State Board of Health, understand-
ing that many of the New England's steerage
pasnengers have gone to other places in the
State

tourists have by us

ehureh,
was

 

 

quite sick when
but to-day js
of the first
until the
her true

woman was
summoned,
the passing

 

 

tocurster, April 23. The Rev. H. Wyse
Jones, pastor of the Canandaigua ~~
foly

Chureh, has returned from the i to the
Land, with the 550 tourists under the direc-
tion of Frank EB. Clark of Boston At Naples
the party divided up, 1% of them deciding to
zo by rail to. Liverpool, there to join the
steamer. Mr Jones was going by rail, Before
the time set for the departure of the
steamer the crew were seen hastily dump-
ing the bawgawe on shore, and before
those who intended going by water could
wet on board the steamer had deparied. It was
afterward learned that smalipox had brelwen
out onboard. Some of the crew died and sev-
eral of the passengers. The steamer was taken
direetly to Liverpool and there was thoroughly
tumigated, overhauled. repainted and finaliv
alter receiving a clean bill of health, was ready
to return to this eountry. ‘The party had been
delaved, and those who had not planned to
take the trip by rail were greatly inconveni-
eneed
Mr
senger
ported
rhe
\

Jones gave the names of the eight pas-
who ded
that three persons were ail who died

idure: Mrs. Mary A. Evans, who died of

{ pneumonia at Jerusalem, Norman H
Hecker, who died from what was reported to be

liver trouble, but which was said to have been

smallpox, Mrs, Ao Lowell of Worce-ter

Mass, who died at Rome of smallpas; Emory
1. Ford, died at Genoa of smatipox, Mias Anna

Seouten of Winona, Minn, died of sinallpox at

Home: Arthur Merriam, died at Milan of smali-

pox: the Roy, George 3. Love of Osweeo, died

at Rome of smallpox; Mrs FS Moore, died at

Romeofsmallpox, The smallpox was contracts d

at Cairo, net at Jerusalem, as has been errone-

ously stated, and at a well-know
the Egyptian eity

  

 

 
    
 

THEY PUNCH THE REFEREE,
New Haven Sperts Angry Over Giving the
Fight to Bernstein.

New Haves, April 23. Jimmy Frank of Phil-
adelphia, who refereed a series of bouts in this
city to-night, narrowly escaped with his life
when he awarded the deeision opposite to the
way the crowd believed. Kid Conroy of this
city, and Joe Bernstein, the New York feather-
weight, were put onas the star attraction to

box Ofteen rounds. While Bernstein was con-
sidered the most likely to win, because of his
reputation, Conroy aprung a aBurprise by more
than holding bis own throughout. After the
tenth round both men went at it hammer ar
ongs

‘ Referee Frank did pot attempt to part them

 

 

in clinehes until warned by — the police
Bernstein could not make Conroy
vet when the bell rang | Frank
“Hernstein wins on pointe”’ At ‘
crowd of 2,000) persons present rushed. pell

 

The leaders grabbed Frank
ardpounded his face badly His shirt and
part of hia undergarments wero tern trom his
person before the police could disperse the
angry spectators During the exciiement
another detail of policermen hustled Bernstein
safely off to hia dressing room and loeked jilin

metl forthe ring

i
i batore the crowd could be gotten out of the
hall there was plenty of fiehting between police
and the spectators and mueh damawe was done
to the place A detail of forty policemen ¢
cored the referve ar d Joe Bernstein's parts
a hotel and later to the train. A large crowd
followed, hooting and jeering

Ju the preliminary bouts Danny Duane of New

to

It has been erroneously re- |

hostelry in |

York knocked out Paddy Riche of Paterson in }

In the hou
this eity

the third round with an upper eut
ween Kid Lewis and Kid Brad:
en rounds at 115 s the dechion
ntothe Intter because Lewis fonted t
repeated!

of

  

pound wos

   

fo-morrow Night's Opera Pro-

gramme.

Change in

to the extreme length of the pro-
contermplated for to-morrow night 4
farewell performance at the Metropolitan Opera
hiouse, it has been decided to substitute the
med scene from “Lucia dj Lammernoor” to be
sung by Mme Sermbrich for the second act of
“Ll Barbiere di Sivigilia.”’

Owing

gramme

 

THE LATEST ATTEMPT TO CREATR
A SENTIMENT IN HIS FAVOR,

No Truth in the Story That Schley Made an
Enemy of Rear Admiral Crowninshicid
by Reporting Agaiast Him on Charges
of Carclessness in Supplying His Ship.

Wasiinaton, April 23.—The latest attempt
of the partisans of Rear Admiral W. 8. Schley
to attempt to create a sentiment in his favor to
prejudice the American people against
those who, through their official connection
with his case, have ineurred the enmity of
Schley’s friends, is based on the falee assertion
that Admiral Schley made an enemy of Adrniral
Crowninshield, Chief of the Bureau of Naviga-
tion, through reporting against the exon-
eration of the latter from certain charges
investigated by a Court of Inquiry, of which
Schley wasamember. Theargument putforth
by the Schley partisans, chief of whom is Gen,
Felix Agnus, better known as the “Welcher of
Nacirema,” is that Crowninshield never forgave
Schley for his action in the matter, and that,
as Chief of the Bureau of Navigation, he is
using the power which that office gives him to
disgrace Schley.

There is not a word of truth in the state-
ment that Admiral Schley reported against
Admiral Crowninshield in the Court of Inquiry
findings. The official record of the courts’
proceedings and findings were shown to THB
Stun reporter to-day. Admiral, then Capt.
Crowninshield was exonerated from any Care=
lessness or inefficiency in supplying his ship,
the battleship Maine, gvith the character and
amount of stores required by the naval regu-
lations. Adimiral Sehley, then commanding
the armored cruiser New York, flagship of
the North Atlantic squadron, was senior mem-
ber of the court appointed by Rear Admiral
Binee, commander-in-ehiet of the North At-
lantic station, to ascertain whether the Maine
had been properly supplied. As senior mem-
ber he signed the findings and opinion of the

court, Which were attested by the Recorder,the
other two metibers, Capts. Rowers and Evans,
not being required to sign, as the findings
and opinion were unanimous.

 

 

CHADWICK DENOUNCES SCHLEY,

 

Says Hoe Wouldn't Shake the Admiral’s Hand
Has Disgraced the Navy,

The Washington correspondent of the Brooke
Iyn Eagle telegraphed yesterday an Interview
with Capt. Chadwick of the Navy, bitterly criti-
cising Admiral Schley in view of the recent ef-
fort of Schiey's friends to exalt him at the ex-
pense of Admiral Sampson. The despatch was:

“The publication inthe New York World of
Felix Senus's campaign in favor
ot Rear Admiral Schley has tended to make the
Santiago Captains, if anything, more bitter
than they were before against Schley and his
fri In conversation with the Kagle corre-
spondent to-day Capt. Chadwick said

‘Every one of us feela the disgrace that
Schley has put upon us Itis not Sampson or
Schley that we care aboutor are particularly
anxious to vindicate. It is the honor of the
Navy that has been assailed, its esprit de corps
that has received a damaging blow and the
high reputation of its officers that has been in-
juredin the eyes of naval people and abroad
by this disgraceful exhibition of petiiness of
which Admiral Schley has been guilty

“'‘DThave forhineniy contempt. I would not
shake his band if lhe offered it to me and in this
IT believe [simply reecho the sentiments of al-
most theentire Navy. Jf Admiral Schley de-
sires a vindication let him ask for an investi
gation of his conduct) Themen whofonght the
ships at the battle of Santiago and the general
public, lamsure, desire such an investigation
and willbe willing to abide by the reault what-
ever itmay be’

news of Gen

‘ida

 

THE FITCHBURG LEASE,

President Tuttle of the Boston and Matne on
the Central's Attitude,

President Tuttle of the

lroad appeared before

ite House

Boston, April 23
Bostor Mi

the Committee on Railroads at thes

and nel

 

 

 

to-dav in the hearing on the bill for the ratificeas
tion of the lease of the Piichburg Railroad to the
formerroad. Mr. Tuttle said that in the mate
ter the Boston and Maine was acting solely for
itself, and that there was absolutely no truth
in the reports that the road is controlled by the
Vanderbilt interest, the Morgan interest or by

the American Express

“Nobody control: it, no single interest,” said
he “its laszest ownership is in. Massachusetts
Nota share of its stock isowned by the Vane
derbilt: interest, the Morgan interest or by the
New York Central, either directly or indirectly

 

  
 

 

Neither has the New York Central been con-
sulted by the Boston and Maine interests
in the matter in the least, but it is a

fact that the New York Central would rather
have the Fitehburg go to the Boston and Maine
if it goesanywhere As between the New York
Centraland the Boston and Maine it is a pure
and clean business proposition. When we can
get the endof the Boston and Maine at Rotter-
dam Junction the business of the great New
York Central will flow over the rails of the
Boston and Maine Railroad just as water wil!
flow down hill.”

 

NEW BOATS ON THE LAKES,
Plans Ready for Five Handsome Passenger
Craft,

MINNEAPOLIS, April
Steaniship Company,

24

Northern
lake end

The

which fs the

of the Great Northern system, did so well
with its swift passenger gserviea last
year on the northwest and the

Northland, that it purposes the building of two
more propellers to be duplicates of the boats
mentioned. It is wuderstood that plans for these
two new boats are completed and that contracts
ure to be Jet in time to insure their being
ready for service a veor from now The
new boats will be run between Chieago and
Buffalo The schedule will be so arranged that
the boat from Chieago will me the Duluth
bound boat from Buffalo at Mackinae, while
the Puffalo-bound boat from Duluth will meet
the Chieago-bound boat from Buffalo at the
fame port

It issnid that another lake jine of passenger

 

   
 
 

 

boats, the Anchor, which operates the India,
Jepanend China, has had plans drawn for three
big «tde-wheelers to enter the passenger service
heiwe Doluthand butlalo. They will earry

   

nothing but passengers and deek treight

FORMER CHAPLAIN, SHIELDS DEAD,

He Had Been Dismissed From the Army on
Charges of Draunkenness,

David Haddington
aplain of the Regular

PHILADEPHIA, April 2:
Shields, formerly apost ¢

  
 

army, who was dismissed for drunken-
ness, died in the Pennsylvania Hospital to-
day Heevent to the Hotel Bathhurst for a

While there became ill He
pital, where he died
Death appears to have been due to aleoholism
There was indication of a
\ letter in his pocket
showed that he was appointed post chaplain in

Turkish bath, and
waa remove dto the ho

and
severe blow on the head

pnenmonia

 

1AO7 rd that he had been stopped on his
way to Manila and was ordered to face a court-
martial

BOSTON COP SAVED A FORTUNE,
Lelleved in Gold and Coanted It Daily Was

Opposed to Underwear.

Peston, Mass, April 24 Patrolman Isaiah

S Robioson died vesterday morning in a lodg-

 

 

 

 

 

 

ing house During his life he amassed a
fortune ‘ nated at more than $40,-
O00 Patrolinan Robinson had aio wgoid
hobby tie said to have counted
wold daliv For fifteen veare previous to his
death s known as “Sockless Rob, be-
cause iid not believe in stockings or under-
wear and never troubled himself to don either
Another hobbw of his was feeding cats and
dos ~
ihe Rey. Dr. Baldwin Very Tl.

The Rev. Dr Stephen I Baldwin, See-
retary of (he Feumenical Conference was not
at the convention vesterday it waa reported
there (hat he was ina heapital at the point
of dboth from 4 mont fie eould not be
found jaany of the hospitals of the civ, butat
lus heme, 1218 Pare sfreet, Brookiva, there
wis Ghotice over the doorbell requesting call-

ers notto ring owing to iiimess in the house
No noswer could be obtnined tram those in the

 

 

he eto repeated rings at the basement bell
last night
O'Neill's Fine Millinery.
Newest styles for street, corciage and reception
wear. Moderate prices, 6th av., 20th to 2ist st—
Ads.

THE SUN, TUESDAY, APRIL

) dent

  

    

LIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWN.

 

“It is sometimes difficult for a foreigner
to become accustomed to the ways of Ameri-
ean hotel clerks,” said an Englishman who
returned yesterday from Washington, “The
most striking instance of that sort of thing
1 have ever experienced took place the day
before yesterday in Washington. I ordered a
suite of rooms at a hotel there in advance, When
I arrived I found that the rooms were dark
and small. As there had been no restriction
as to the price to be paid and I wanted to be
comfortable, I went down to the office and
asked that the rooms be changed, as they were
too dark for me to live in. The clerk said
that the honse was then full, although there
might be a suite vacated during the day.
said that it would be impossible for, me to re
main in such dark rooms and that 1 should
expect to be put into others as soon as any
were available. Several hours passed with-
out my hearing anything from the clerk. Then
somebody whistled to me through the tube
I answered and recognived the clerk's voice,
‘When are you going to get out?’ he asked
insolently. I was astonished, and asked him
what he meant. ‘I want to know when you
are going to get out?’ he repeated, ‘You said
you wouldn't stay if you couldn't get some
other rooms and I haven't got any others.
So I suppose you're going to leave and 1 want
to know when, as I've got achance to rent your
rooms to-day.’ Naturally) my first. impulse
was to say that I would leave the hotel im-
mediately, but [ thought of the inconvenience
I would suffer by doing so for thesake of my
pride. So IT answered that I didn’t. propose
to leave at all until [ got ready. Such an in-
stance of independence Lhad never encountered
before and it was especially striking as [T was
paying a very large sum for very poor ac-
commodations,”

—

Three religious plays are now running at
New York theatres. One of them has been
the greatest success of the current season
and it was the hope of duplicating its prob-
perity that led to the dramatizations of a re-
ligious novel. Such plays do not appeal in
the least to the general public. They are sup-
ported entirely by a special class who are
playgoers only when such performances as
these are given. One instance of this was
the highly successful religious play, “The Sign
of the Cross,” which has been acted here for
five years and has found equal prosperity
every season. In many cities it has been more
successful on return visits than at first. This
has proved to managers what a profitable

fleld the religious theatre-goers offer, for their
enterprise and efforts to take advantage of this
discovery have been frequent. The audi-
ences at the most popular play of the kind
are entirely different from those seen at other
theatres. They do not look in the least like
New Yorkers, although they really are resi-
dents of this erty. Their demeanor is unlike
any customarily seen in the theatres and their
rather subdued, modest aspect contrasts strik-
ingly with the brilliant appearance of the aver-
andence. Once aroused, the

 

 
  
    

 

age New York

futerest of this public is as profitable as that
of ahy in the world, and for that reason man-
agers are anxious to awaken if, One of the
most profitable plavs of reeent vears hada
title that attracted this element and made
a fortune for all concerned init, although lite
else in the play was of a kind to appeal to these
occasional theatre-oers, Sugeestive or ine
decent plavs may draw for a while smarter
looking audiences more in accord with metro-
politan ideas of wiat a fashionable theatre
gathering should be, but the religious play

possesses more enduring powers ot drawing

the publir

Rents for suburban homes are higher this
sumer than they were last year, although no
partioular justification for this appears to exist,
One man who oceupied a New Jersey cottage
last summer wrote to his former landlord that
he would like the house again if he could get
it on the same term rhe answer was that
the rent asked this vear was exactly twice
what it was last year and that figure was
regarded as tinal. Practically the same change
has been made in the rent of all the cottages in
the place, whieh is a town devoted almost ex-
clusively to imer residences From other

 

 

summer resorts comes the same story of in-
creased rent vith no other reason for the
ehange than the belief that tenants can be
found willing to pav the increase Phe pros-

pect of greater Ruropean travel this summer,

which might bave been expected to discourage
landlords near the eity, las not had that result,
and the present advance ts looked upon by
avents as an indication of the permanent dif-
fleulty of securing cot tal summer homes

     

near the city and the necessity of paying high

prices for them

 

 

 

  
   

Mrs. Jemes Br who is as mueh
as ever the fias': fon, has been using
r influence there to secure as mueh social
entertainment as possible for Mra. Leslie Carter,
. has been called a society

he fact that she served

yn the stage, but made her

first matic efforts rather later in life than
most actress and had never thought of using
her talents in that direction until she had at-
tracted public attention in another way. Mrs
Potter's professional fortunes seem to prosper
in London. She has not been connected
with a theatrical suecess there for a
year, but she remains a eonspleuous
and attractive figure in ascertain. set

Her lusband’s action for
inv effect on ler

of English societ
divorce is not likely to have:
wasttion, Kyrle Bellew. who onpeared with
Vine Potter when she acted ald! to be on
his way to Australia, where he is to play in the
rincipal cities without the eo-operation of
Irs. Potter, and persons with long memories

 

  

ist, is

 

are robbed of the opportunity for relating
the remintseence which the stinultaneons pres
ence of this trio would evoke. It would be

situation to be expected only in theatrical
life. [t is not venerally known that it was
Mrs. Potter, and not Mrs. Carter, whe seornjed

likely to be the first actress trained by David

   

 

     

 
 
   

 
   

Belusco. When she decided to become a prto-
fessional actress sue Was on the point of ace
cepting an offer from Daniel Vrolnoan. Henry
Cc. Miner, who was anxious ot that time to nt
tract attention int! tonts, whether he made
money or not e th Mrs Potter was
about to go on the sand had received an

‘from Daniel Frohman, with whom David

aaod was at that time assocnited So he
made Mrs, Potter moeh more biberal offer
and she accepted it The financial returns
at the time were grenter, but the actress's
future career nh 1 have nm very dill} pent
if David B vs wonderft Hents had been
devoted t y training. Mrs, Carter's career
hows that

BOERS MAY BLOW UP MINES.

One of Their Peace Deicgates Says So They'll
Boycott the British, Too,

Special Cadle Despatch to THE Sis

THE Haare, April 23
{n regard to the report that the ‘Transvaal Gov-
ernment fo blow up the on at
Johannesburg, Mo Wessels, one of Boer
peace delegates, enid

“Ttisimposaible to say to what
may be driven Ari
have been made by which foreign shareholders
vil not suffer heavy loss on account of the gold

In an interview to-day

intends ines

the

ils

 

erate

 
 

monsures we ments

 

taken from the mines for use in the wer’

M. Wessels added that the Poors, if defeated,
were not likely to trek from the “Pransvar
They loved their homes and would remain, but

under the British

The English wou!d have to pnt soldiers

they would never be placed

yok

permanently in every house to do that
The war did not cost the individual
Boera penny. The Government paid all the
east The individual was making money from
war contracts, The money had hitherto all ree

mainedin the country, but here ifter oppor-

 

tunity would be given to German trad The
foers would never deal witha British trader
They would rather pay others more for the

goods th wanted

WONT CERTIFY FOR CONCERT HATES,

Declines the

Mr. York

to Help
Asks Why,

Lullding Department
Police Board Out

The Police Board last weel decid vd thatevery

 

 

24,

 

| say, and there is reason to believe that he did

1900.

————

SULTAN PROMISES TO PAY.

BUT HIS PROMISES ARE NOT CON+
SIDERED AS CONCLUSIVE,

 

 

 

He Does Not Deny the Justice of the Arme-
alan Claim, nor His Government's Liability
~This Government Will Continue to Insist
on the Prompt Payment of the Money.

WASHINGTON, April 23.-—-The controversy with

Turkey over the collection of the Armenian in-

demnity has reached a stage where the United

States Government feels that it cannot well

permit the matter to remain in statu quo, even

were itinclined to do so, without injury to its
standing in the eyes of the world. For
that reason the Government Will continue to
inwist to the Sultan and the Porte on
the payment of the money and has so insiructed

Mr. Griscom, the ¢ harwed’ Affaires of the United

States at Constantinople. Mr. Griscom’'s report

of his interview with the Sultan last Week, trans.

mitted in cipher, was laid before the Secretary
of State in its translated form this morning, and

Mr. Hay took it with him to the Cabinet meet-

ing, where his statement of the negotiations

was such as to make his colleagues believe that
the chance of securing the payment of the
indemnity was not as remote as had been
supposed.

‘Mr Griscom’s audience with the Sultan was
held at the Sulian’s invitation, and was
factory so far as it concerned the main
contention of — the United States, that

Abdul Hamid had acknowledged to Minis-

ter Straus that Turkey was liable for

the damage done to the American missions in

Armenia. In his conversation with Mr. Gris-

com the Suitan did not deny the justice of

the Armenian claim or his Government's lia-
bility. This is the cautious way in which
the contents of Mr. Griscom's despatch were
summarized by officials. While the assurances
given by Turkey are far from satisfactory, the
statement made to Mr. Griscom by the Sultan,
confirming what Mr. Strans had been told, is
very gratifying to the Administration. The

Sultan's promises were not conclusive, it is in-

ferredfrom what the State Department officials

 

Satise

 

not wo further concerning the question of pay-
nent than to make a general statement of will-
ingness to pay When lis treasury was ina con-
dition to gutisfy the demands of Furopean
countries as well asthe United States. |

One of the main points involved in the nego-
fiations is the contention of the United States
forthe privilege of rebuilding the Ameriean
college at Harpoot, Armenia, destroyed during
the troubles fn ists. For the past vearand a
half the United States Governinent has been |
yressinat the Sultan for this permission, but has
Caen met with the objeetion that it was not ex-
wdient, on account of the feeling among the
Mohamimedans in Harpoot, to @rantit. | Mr
Griscom’s interview with Abdul Hamid is
understood to have resulted in assurances which
ure regarded as showing a disposition on the |
| art of the Sultan to concede the request of the

nited States

Osear Straus, United States Minister
Turkey, Who isin this country on leave of ab- |
senee, cutie over to Washington trom New
York to-day at the requ of Secretary Hay
with whom he hud a conference at the Sté
Deparunent Mr Hay wanted Mr Straus to |
explain in detail the history of the newotiations

———$——____—_—_—"—- SS KXmim_EO]uq_—_—_—_—_—_—_—_—_——— KX Xa —_—_Oa

  
 

to

     
  

   

with the Sultan and the Porte over the Ar- |
menian outrages in order (hat the Government
might be better prepared for taking positive |
action This move of Mr. Hay’s indicates how |
seriousiv the Government regards the Turkish |
affair and that itis getting ready to carry out

the plans it has of bringing the incident to a
Close

AlN Ferrouh Bev, the Turkish Minister here,
had aninterview with Mr. Hay also, He was
informed of the information imparted by Mi
Griseom, which has considerable titerest to the

Minister in view of his assertion in the news- |
papers that if the Sultan promised to pay he
would pay Ferrouh Bey is keeping his Gov-

ernment informed. of the Washington
authorities say, and fron: limand other sources |
the Sultan is being made to realize that the |
United States have no intention of dropping
the matter |
The activity wnd intelligences displaved by
Mr. Griseom in manawing the indemnity ques-
tion at Constantinople is hieh'y gratifying. to
the President andthe State Department. Mr.
Griseom entered the diplomatic service as prie
vate secretary to Ambassador Bavard in 1893,
andserved with him for sixteen months. On

'
May 12, 1808, he was appointed an assistant |
army, with the

What

 

 

quartermaster in the volunteer
rank of captain, and saw serviee in the Spanish

wal He was appointed Secretary of the
United States Legation at Constantinople on
Julv 24,7800 Mr Griseom was born in New
Jersey and is now a izenot Pennsylvania

WISSIONARTIES MAY REBUILD,

Restoration of Barned

Kharpoot,

Authorizes
Property

Sultan
at

 

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUS

CONSTANTINOPLE, April 23 An imperial |
‘ frade has been issued authorizing the rebuild |
ing of (he property of the American missions |
aries that was burned at Kharpoet. The eon-
struction of an annex to Roberts College ol
also author.ced
Randolph —Carter. |
PHILADELPHIA, April 23° Misa Isabella Care
terof thls city was married to Mr Seat
Randolph of New York at half past 12. o'clock |
to-day at St) Marks Episcopal Church by the |

|

hev Dr Mortimer, rector of the church The !

  

  

 

  

  

The bride's

 

elected to the House of IP eerases

bride entered the chureh on the arm of her |
brothersluelaw, J) Gardiner Cassatt, who gave
her away. She wore around her neck a dia
mond and pearl necklace with pendent of iarge
sapphire and diamond, the gift of the brides
groom. Her veil wes worn by her mother
when she was merricd There was no brides-
maids and ne raid of honor
Mr Randolph was atiended by Mr. Robert
| Potter of New York as best man. The ushers
were Mr. J.B Harriman, Mr Livingston Beek-
man, Mr. Rowland Sinith, Mr) Edmund Potter,
Mr Lothrop Randolph, and Mr siphonse Nas |
varro, allot New York At the eoneluston of |
the ceremony there was wedding breaktast at |
the home of Mrs. 4) Gardiner ¢ iit, 1415
Sporinece street
The bride of Mr, Randolph is a descendant of
one of the oldest famijios of this country the
Carters of Vi whoean trace their gene.
baok tothe time of John Carter of Car-
n, the first of the lamily to arrive on
shores, who came from England about the
vear 1449. Hesoon made his value known fo
his townsmen and shortly after his arrival was |
|
!
|

father was Pr. Charies Carter of this city, her
mother being a Mivs (lla Newman Her grand-
father on the paternal side was William Carter
of Hanover, Va, who was bornin i7s2and who
inurried Chorlotte, the danghter of Willinm |
Pousiee of Richmond, Va

 

 

 

Crane Riggs.
Miss Rebecon Riggs and Clinton HoadlevCrane
married the Brick
Presbyterian Church, Fifth avenue ! Thirtye
The bride was attended by Miss

were vesterday at noon ta

 

seventh stroet

 

 

   

 

 
    

 

\iiew MeBurney as matdof honor M Kate
'R eo » Miss Ajleen (sborn, a eousin of
' om, Miss Lacette PL Banks and Stis
} | were the Dridemaids Robert
Sn ro! Boston assisted le Dbridegerooiu ts
best man, and Henry MI Crane, Danel Leroy
Dresser, Austen THeppin Pox, Po Benjamin
Rigus, Inlien Coolidge, Frederick EO Lowe
) Vernon Munroe and Harold Coolduve were the
neler Mr P min C. Ricgs, the br "8
} er, coven bridal breakfast at her ho

mM Weet Thirty-eninth «treet, after the chureh |
ceremeon |

Winx Moore,
yRACUSE, April 23 Mr Fnunda TL. Moore

of th it 1 yor. ( ree B Wis of Pittsburg
were quit married at noon to-day in the
parlors of the Yates Hetel by the Rev. Wo De-
lau Wilson, paster of St) M hy opal
Choreh ler and M Wis left on the Foupire
State Lapr ew York city, whener the

vill «nil ¢ Wednesday fe Paris The br
was the widew of Dr Joho day Moore «

elt indthe groom is a wealthy plivsi

pint ‘i

applicant for the renew oof a eoneert halk
license must produce a certificate from the
Building Department showing that his bufld-
ne complied with that Depariment’s regue |

lations for the satety of its occupants
Somewhat to the surprise of the board the
Building Department sent word yesierday to
President York that that Department would
t undertake to anpply the certifieates. Presi-
York wrote to the Building Departinent
asking it fo furnish reasons for its deelination
fie Depart: snot vet replied

 

 

 

 

Scandinavians to Ald Cuban Orphans

A concert of Scandinavian music will be given

at Mendelsohn Hall te-morrow afternoon for
the benefit of the Cuban orphans Mme. Tore
padie Bjorksten will have charge of the niusk,

which will be furnished by Agnes Stabers Hall
nod the Swedish Glee Club of Brooklyn. The
concert is under the direction of the Scandina-
vianidepartment of the Children’s National Nas-
ter Festival

 

ABAD AAAS OBEN HRADDAAABADOD

  

© os >|
@ “We are noted for , ;
&
*% ! f >
3 CLEANING >
& , »
i @ Valuable 3 |
rn
. | *°
3 RUGS. .
z We guarantee careful handling @
« and @ prompt return, id
»
M. STEWART, :
$ T. 8 5 3
% 926 Tih Ave., Near 26th St, 6
$ Fatabilabed 1803 Telephone 1102 08th at a |
¢ SEND FOR CIRCULAR, »

& &
FhVH FIGS FHSSISOTSS 6994 954 |

| ings of faith

 

 

The splendid wearing qualities of

SMITH’S WILTON VELVET,
SAVONNERIE, AXMINSTER
and MOQUETTE CARPETS

have given them a world-wide reputation.

Their

rich color tones and varied designs adapt them
especially for decoratibe purposes.
SPRING PATTERNS NOW BEING SHOWN.

   

SAYS HILLIS BLASPHEMES,

Leading Presbyterian Minister of the South
on Revision,

New On.eans, April 23.-The Rev. Dr. Ben-
jamin M, Palmer, pastor of the Pirst Presby-
terian Church of this city, is recognized as the
leading Presbyterian of the South, He is 2
yearsof age, but is still vigorous physically
andimentally, Heis now in favor of the reun-
ion of the Northern and Southern Presbyterian
churches as a raeans of saving the orthodoxy of
Presbyterianism, Dr. Palmer had been recog-
nizedas the obstacle in the way of reconetlia-
tion of the Northern and Southern Presby-
terian churches, for Whenever the Northern
church proposed a reconciliation it was refused
by the Southern Presbytery on the ground that
it would stultifty Dr. Palmer, Now Dr Palmer
himsel! has come forward to propose a union as
a result of the recent agitation for a revision of
the Westminster creed

The existing controversy," said Dr Palmer,
“Isa matter that has pot concerned us to any
extentin the South In the North, however, it is

 

' attracting awreat deal of attention, andit would

not surprise me in the least if it resulted in
splitting the church. There is creat tendency
toward ‘isms’ and fads in ine North at

present and for a jong time past a considerable
part of the Northern Presbyterian Church has
been drifUng away troim our established stand-
The idea has been gaining ground
there that aslong asaman leads an upright
life, paves his debts and is a good citizen he needs
That theory dispenses with a
Saviour It issubstantially whai the Hebrews
and Congregationalists believe Along the
sume line many people assume to say that the
old creed of the Presbyterian Church is too
harsh, toostern, and they want to eliminate
certuin passages even thongh true, which do
not conform to their personal views.

“Now the trouble about that sort of thing is
this; The confession of a faith was framed
many sears ago, at the time of the Reformation,
and is a rock-ribbed solid structure, resting
upon the eternal truths of the Bible The eriti-
cisnmi is of the part of the Westminster creed Te-
lating to predeatipation and election. Well, it
isin the Bible. They will bave harder work
wetting it out of the Bible than they will in get-
ting itoutof the creed. The objection ts not
new. It divided the Church in 1857, but the
war came along and pressed the two wings to-
gether at a time when a bad split) was
threatened, The present controversy over the
Westminster creed will probably split the North
Presbyterian Church into two bodies In my
opinion, that is apt to result in the reunion of
the North and South orthodox branches, which

been divided since the war
&."Elther that, or we will be confronted by the
spectacle of the Presbyterian churches, a North
Chureh, a South Church and a new thing. There
{s no ape ial disposition on the part of the
South Church, moreover, to invite a union with
the North

hotuing ese

 

 

You see, we have been very free
herein the South from any of these doctrinal
troubles There were very few of the New
Kehool clergymen in this section after the war
and we absorbed them In the North, on the
contrary, L suppose that at least 50 per cent. of
the clergy incline to the Armenian creed
They tried fora revision some years ago, but
were voted down, and now I dare say they will
keep at it until they accomplish their purpose "

Speaking of prominent Presbyterian minis-
tersof the North, Dr. Palmer says: “Dr. Park-
hurst isa brilliay# man and an eloquent, showy
talker. Heusesshort, epigrammatic sentences,
says things sasily: quoted and makes a surface
impression, but there are others who are much
more to be feared. I refer to men like Dr.
Brges, who have a reputation for real scholar-
ship. What Dr, Parkhuret saves ia interesting
to hear and sounds bright, but it makes no
greatimpression. Itis like the snow, it looks
yretty lying on the ground, but itinelta, it melis
leisessentially an agitator, nota leader, Dr.
Hillis is simply a blasphemer. When a man
talks about shaking his fist in the face of God,
we can only be shocked, It is mere blasphemy,
irrespective of the correctness of his attitude in
the controversy.”

MARINE INTELLIGENCE,

MINIATURE ALMANAC$THIS DAY.
Sun rises 6:10! Sunsets 6:47. Moonrises...2:09
HIGH WATER—TIHTS DAY.
2:48| Gov. I'd, 3.20 | Hell Gate. .,.5:18

    

 

Sandy Hook.
Arrived MONDAY, April 23.
Ss Fxeter City Watkins, April 4.
Ss Thomas Turnbull, Kimmings.Girgent!, Mareb 24,
Ss Alene, Long, Savaniila, Mareh 1
Ss silvia, ClarkeSt. John's, April 17
Ss Fortana, Christophersen, Sagua, April 9
Ss Louisiana, Gager, New Orleans, April 18.
Ss Rio Grande, Avery, Brunswick, April 20,
Ss Richinond, Catherine, Norfolic, April 22

Ss Alsenborn. Gillingham, Haltimore, April 21
Ss Governor Dingley, Bennett, Portland, April 21
Bark Gustav and Osear, Seere, London, March 22

 

ARRIVED OUT
Sa Cevie, from New York, at Liverpool.

OUTGOING STEAMSHIPS
Sail To day
Mails Close.

K Maria Theresia, Br’m'n 700AM
Lelgravia, Hambur®
Troquots, Charleston .
kil Monte New Orleans,

Sail To morrow

Vessel Sails.
1900 AM
100P M
300PM
300PM

  

 

 

 

 

S!, Pau!, Southampton TOOAM 1000AM
‘Veutonie, Liverpool QOOAM 12090M
Kensington, Antwerp WAG AM 1200M
Sone Tampico roo PM s00PM
Fin Colon 930AM 100PM
New Marseilles
Comal, Galveston s00PM
Sail Thursday, April 26.
La Touraine, Havre TAM 1000 AM
ltremen, Hremen 200PM
Vreinidad, Bermuda AOO AM OO AM
Maracaibo San Juan 1100 AM 100PM
1 100PM 800PM
; a 10 PM sOoOoOPM
Hild ta Gnayra 1100 4M 100PM
’ 1100 AM 100PM
100PM s0OOPM
500PM
so00PM
INCOMING STEAMSHIPS.
liue To-day
FExvcelstor New Orleans Apri 10
Mandalay Gibraltar April 4
Thingvalla Christlansand April 7
Mochigan Liamburg April &
rola Liverpool April !4
Critte Dundee April A
Horderer Lisbon April 9
‘ Tandon April 12
Antwerp Aprilia
Hordeaus April 10
rd G sitar April 9
Coma trelveston April 14
Ii Mar New Orleana April 18
Seminole Jacksonville April 21
Due To morrou
Koenigin I ° Bremen April}
Trave Gibraltar April |
Peronie Gibraltar April!
Athos Colon April}
Roraima St. Kitts April 19
Dee Thursday, April 2%
Germante Liverpool April 18
Saale Bremen April i7
Dochess Gibraltar April 11
Holhett St Lueta April 10
bi) Paso New Orleans April 23
Due Friday, Apri
Fuerst f rex Hamburg April 1@
Lanrentian Greenock April !4
Mit? Hul April 15
lure Saturday, April 2a.
lueania er pool April 21
1. | Southampton April 21
Inansas f Swansea Aprilia
Hareelona Hamburg April 14
sie WoT Lewts Havre April 14
xcelvor New Orleans April 22
Due Sunday, Apr 4
loa Bretague Hlavre April 21
Messi London April lw
City of Rome Ginswow April2d
Cate \ quer Gibraltar . April 16
Kalst Girgent April t4
Linda -Glrmenu oe Apri la

2- oe

Broadway § 19

| B IOK teaching Freneh, 1900, sample mailed,
N

th Street,

   

DIED NURSING A STEPMOTHER.

Patient Likely to Die of the Shock Dee te
the News.

Throughout the last two months Mra,
Touisa Powell of 147 West 100th street, spent
her days and nights nursing her stepmother,
Mrs. Bridget McGovern, who was suffering
from inflammatory rheumatism Mrs. Moe
Govern is 70 years old. A week ago, Mra
Powell herself became go ill from gastritis and
rheumatism that she too was compelled to ge

tobed. Her husband isa Inborer employed in
Kronx Park and he was compelled to work
every day

Mra Powell was asleep when her husband
went to work yesterday morning Owing to
the rain he came home earlier than usual yese
terday afternoon When he went in the roo
he found his wife dead A neighbor who ha
atiended to her when she could came in at the
same moment, and Powell shouted to her: “My
God! “My wife's dead "

Mrs. Metiovern heard his exclamation and
Jumped from her bed = Then she collapsed) A
physician was sent for, and he said that she
would not live twelve hours on account of the
shock A priest from the church at Ninetv-sixt
street and Amsterdam avenue odeinaaea

 

 

extreme unction to her

The Coroner's office was notified of M
Powell's death, and an autopsy will be hel:
to-day

   

rt Snles nnd Exhibitions,

~ JAMES P. SILO, Auctioneer,
43 Liberty St.
NOW ON EXHIBITION.

An Important Collection

 

OIL PAINTINGS
Exceptionally High Order of Merit
AND

The Private Collection
OF THE LATE

Emanuel B. Hart
To be Sold at Absolute Public Auction

Thursday aod Friday, April 26th & 27th,
At 3 O'clock Each Day.

Silo Art Galleries,

aly 43. LIBERTY ST.
JAMES P. SILO, Auctioneer.

NOW ON EXHIBITION,
THE PRIVATE COLLECTION OF

Oil Paintings & Water Colors

JOHN H. J. HICKS, Esq.
OF THIS CITY,

TO BE SOLD BY ORDER OF
WALTER T. LINDSAY, Esq., Attorney,
46 Maiden Lane, Borough of Manhattan.
WITH ADDITIONS BY

THE TRUTH COMPANY,

ON

To-morrow (Wednesday),

also Thursday and Friday

April 25th, 26th & 27th, -

EACH NIGHT AT 8 O'CLOOK,
AT THE

FIFTH AVENUE ART GALLERIES

366 FIFTH AVENUE,
year 34th Street

Business Rotices.

The Close#Proximity
of a large city is an unusual feature of suburban prop-
erty, PARK HILL-ON-THE- HUDSON overlooks the
ehty of Yonkers, with a population of 60,000,

—

   

   
     

 

Mra. Winslow's Soothing Syrup for children
teething, softens the gums, reduces inflammation,
allays pain, cures wind colle, diarri@a, 25c, bottle.

MmaARHRiIZIXO

COYNE MOFFETT.—A\t the Hotel Manhattan,
April 22,1900 by the Rev. Charles W. McCormick,
Frances Smith, youngest daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. John F. Moffett of Watertown, N. Y., to
Frank Henderson Coyne, son of Mrs. Jobn Coyne
of Fast Orange, N. J

CRANE RIGGS,-On Monday, April 24, 1990, at
the Brick Presbyterian Chureb, by the Rev. Dr
Henry van Dyke, Rebecca, daughterof Mrs Bene
jamin ©. Riggs, to Clinton Hoadley Crane.

DiIZBYD.

BIGLEY.- On April 25, 1900, at his residence, 226
West 42d st., the Rev. Joseph H. Higley, pastor of
Holy Trinity Roman Cathoile Chureh

Funeral from Cathedral, Thursday, April 26, 1900,
at OMA. M.

WARD.- At Red Bank, N. Jon April 24, 190%,
Dwight Mansfield, aged 2 years and 4 months,
youngest son of Mariana Hull and James Moctfort
Ward

Funeral private. Interment at Morristown, N J.

KROUSE,. On Saturday, April 21,1900. Jonn Fa
eldest son of the late Louls Fo Krouse, in his
25th year .

Funeral from hie late residence, 105 Grand avi,
Astoria, Long Isiand Clty, Wednesday ata P, M.

LANE. On Saturday, April 2), 1000, after a linger
ing Hiness, Willlam E., youngest son of the late
Nathan and imma Lane

Relatives and friends are invited to attend the

funeral services at his late residence 700 Preale
dent *t.. Brooklyn, on Tuesday, April 24, 1900
ata P.M. Kindly om!t flowers

PRESTON, At Newark, No.1, on April 2), 1900,

of pneumonia, Mary, widow of Henry Preston, ia
the with yoarof hor age

Funeral services from the residence of her daughter
Mra. FS Furness, 31 Fifthay., on Tuesday, at
11 A. M. Relatives and friends are invited to

attend. Interment at Cypress Hill Cemetery

CIVASE, On Monday, April 24, 1990, at his resi
dence in New York elty, Fdward FB. Chase, in the
60th year of his age

Funetal service? on Wednesday morning, April 25,

1900, at 11 o'clocé, at the Chureh of the Trane

fguration, Rast 24th st, Interment at Providence,

RI

Providence papers please copy

   

Special Hotices.
IF YOU WANT WHITE LEAD we Engliea
“B Bo It is the whitest, laste the lonzest end
Jooks best, For sale by all dealersand by F. W, Devoe

and ¢. T Raynolds Co, 10! Fulton at, N. ¥., and
J. Lee Smith & Co, 54 Frankfort at., N.Y,

anaAnnne

    

 

Rew Publications.

~-<-—

 

half price’, PROF. BERGER, 653 Broadway,

Y. Prench lessons
: named

Cataboc ES FREE English, Irish, liberal
-French translations, examine. PRATT,161 60h