a

Se

sce aoe

tet ate SS

Sa

nee TR) Fo

pera

ae Se ee ee ee

 

ae
1 /
\ te
a
Pt 1
Me
}

 

 

NO MORE FISH BREAKFASTS FOR
WASHINGTON SQUARE CATS.

An Artist in Buying and Selling, With a |

Queer Twist to His Brains Many Men He

Knew and Many Cities Fasted 14 Days

and Was Taken to a Madhoase and Fed.

To Tur Eprron or THE SUN*+ Sir) Near 150th
street, North River, last week there was picked
up the body of a man, missing since January,
who in lite was generally known as George
Gerdner This was an assumed name His
true name was Edward Wilde, He was known
to the writer of this communication eighteen
years; and was in many respects A peenliar
and interesting character, He was about
48 years of age, of fue physique, contour of
face square, fair complexion, laht blie eyes

pet widely apart, and was about 5 feet 10%
inchies high.
He first attracted notice at the time of Dr

 

‘Tanner’s sensational fast in this city He
too, at his home in Albany, started to make a
record as a faster 11 isa fact that he lived
fourteen days without food or drink ef any
kind. He was taken to the Utiea Insane Asy-
um and forced by the attendants there to take
food He considered himself the greatest man
in the world in the fasting class, Others, he
used to say, took liquid nourishment of some
kind -at least water

He liked to tell to friends the way he felt after
the first pangs of hunger were over The
Btate into which he lapsed, he described as one
of indescribable happiness, inconceivable by
any except those who have had a similar ex-
perience

Discharged from the asylum he came to this
city, and held many kinds of jobs as agent,
Buch as for sewing machines, &c. He was a
most successful salesman of everything he
handled. As <o0n as a knowledge of this fact
dawned on him, he started in to speculate on
his own account He developed a rare faculty
of judging the quality and values of things,
and bought and sold all kinds of odds and ends
of goods He would go into a junk store in
Bouth street ond ask the price of this or that
article, make bia purchase and have it sold
ata fair profit while another man would be
making up his mind what to do

He was as well known to the marketmen in
Fulton and Washington markets as any one of
their own number He travelled extensively
throughout the States There is not a city
of 10,000 inhabitants in the Union, except those

on the Pacific coast, where he has not sold
jewelry, Although a judge of all kinds of
goods, his specialty was jewelry, He was

an expert in thisline He would go into Maiden
lane and buy watches, diamond rings
and then go the roundof the pawn shops and

make money by pledging them. In fact, he
made it a rule of business never to pay more
for an article than he could get for it at a pawn-
broker's It wave hin pone yleasure to
get more from a pawnbroker than he paid for
articles That shows you,” would say,
“what Judges they are’

He never passed by a jewelry store or pawn-
shop without taking a look at the goods in
the window He could tell at a glance if there
was anything on display in which there was
@ quarter. He always sold an article if he
made ly a dime in profit

You can always buy things for money,” he
used to say,"but you cannot at all times get
money for things.

To make money was such an easy matter
to bim that he could not understand how any
man could go broke. He seldom helped a
fellow-man. He was a great friend to brutes
If he saw a driver whip his horse, he would
phake his cane at him and threaten to lam-
baste him. When in this city he always lived
in a furnished room near Washington Souare
Park. He was very regular_in = his habits
went to bed at 10 o'clock P , rose at 6 A
M. When dressed he went to a fish store and
invested 25 cents in fish to feed the cats prowl
ing around tae park. It was amusing to see
half a dozen cats squatted on the benches he
used to occupy waiting for hin and their break-
fast If asked why he would not give a nickel
to some of the poor men sitting around, his
answer would be, “J do not drink, why should
T be a victim of aleohol?” In disposition he
was mild) The passion of anger seemed to
be foreign to his nature, and the exhibition
of it in others made him laugh

When selling imitation diamonds his modus
operandi was first to. distributeacatehing
eircular and then return and show the goods

 

to people The expression of his) face was
that of innocence, he let the cireular do the
talking When he did talk, the tones of his

voice were low and svimipathetic without modu-
lation: his enunciation was distinet and slow
as if every word he uttered was with delibera-
tion. The thought was as well cut as uns
diamond in his possession and the precision
of his language was admirable. “he writer
of this happened to be in a few places where
he came to sell We pretended not to recog-
nize each other A few minutes afterward
we would mneet outside

“Well, Wilde,” | would say, “I see you made
asale there” “Did vou see the moves [ made
to get into him?” be would reply

Well might he be proud of his ability as a

salesman he was an artist at it. He used
to attend mass at St. Francis Xavier's Chureh
in Sixteenth street every Sunday He went

every night to the low concert halls on the
Bowery. If reproached for the inconsistency
of his conduct he would say, “I lke music;
there is a gay as well as a serious side to human
Nature.’

This is a fair description of Wilde as he was
known to the world, and if this was all there
was to him this would never have been written

What was the matter with that brain of bis
—the producer of a mind, wily, resourcefil,
“full of schemes and stratagems.’

He lived by rule and line. He worked four

ours every day for four months in the year

Yhen he was the possessor of a few hundred
dollars, he went to seek pleasure. The surn-
mer he spent at seaside resorts, beginning at
Atlantic City, N. J, and ending about the first

f October at Boston. Excepting last winter
he spent hia winters for many years down South,

here is a big alligator in a tank at New Or-
leans that must have missed him this winter
They were great chums. The 6atirian madea
great fuss when Wilde paid him a visit. He
would follow him around paying no attention
to anybody else. Spectators would be as
much amazed at the sight of the man as at the
v tile. The secret of the friendship was that

fiide always brought with him a tidbit that
went to the soft spot of the afligator’s heart

He was fond of exciting little surprises of

his kind: indeed, he liked people to notice

im, and always wore some thing that would
attract attention

Well, what was the matter with him any-

how? I have been with him to several doe-
tors in this city. Melancholia- they diag-
nosed it. Here was a man without physical

ache or pain, having everything in life within
reasonable bounds. Why was he not content
to liveon? Why seek the chilly waters of the
Hudson in a January night--this man, who
was so careful to have his room heated before
wra ping himself in blankets?

“What makes you unhappy?" I said to him
he last time | saw him “Hy you were a cripple
ow would you feel?”

“Show me any cripple without legs and arms
{In the United States and if T could change with
him I would be the happiest man in the world, '
he replied

Curious, is it not, that a man having 40 keen
an intellect should yet have delusions? He
thought he could not eat enough of food to
supply the waste of his body e will not try
to dig into the mystery of the workings of his
brain. The waters of the Hudson have ended
them W. P. MUNnginn

FOR LOCAL IMPROVEMENT

A New Organfration to Better Home Affairs
Started in Brooklyn.

A representitive gathering of property own-
ers in the Seventh, Kleventh and Twelfth warda
in the borough of Brooklyn met last night at
the Adelphi Academy and organized a Loca
Improvement League, whose business it will be
to took after the interests of the district in-
cluded in the three wards. Robert) Van Ider-
stine, who presided, outlined the obleet of the

proposed organization through whose efforts, he
said, the district would '
its full share in needed
under present circumstances. Sueh a solid
league of property owners could accomplish
more than individual citizens could acconi plist
The special inatters it would consider would be
Bewers, street paving, cood lighting of the
Bireets, the disposul of garbage, street
Cleaning and achool facilities

Mr Van Iderstine said that the three wards
in which they were specially interested had not
received their full share of improvements since
consolidation was affected

Dr Charles Ho Levermore, Mr Gardiner D
Matthews and others advocated the asphalting
of De Kalb avenue, the repaving of Washing
ton avenue from Myrtle to Atlantic avenues
and the planting of trees under the direction of
the Tree Planting Society Kesolutions favor-
ing snuel iniprovement sre adopted

hese officers of t ledane were elected

Robert Van. Iderstine, President. Charles B
Lawrence, Vice-President: lloward MeiWVil
lianis, Secretary, Morton J) Smith, Treasurer
The Kxeeutive Committee, on which the real
work of the league will devolve, is composed
of the following mon Prederick BO Pratt
Gardiner (1) Matthews, Henry Batterman, 0
Fo Nichols, Panl &. Vernon, Fred P. Forman
Dr. Charles tl Levermore, HB. Hubbard’
Robert A Shaw and David P. Morse” The next
meeting of the league will be held on Monday
May 7. a

improvements than

   

   
    

THE LASTOF CLEVER WILDE, | "0x 1*t4¥2_zxcunston nares

|

 

|

| old grandrather was trounced. ”

 
 

 

| To Be Put in Force Whether the Western Pas-
| senger Assoctation Assents or No.

| John Sebastian, the wgoneral passenger agent
of the Chicago, Rock Island aad Pacifle Rail- |
road, has sent to the chairman of the Western
Passenger Association, an official notifiea-
tion of a number of eastbound and west-
| bound excursions that the road contemplates
| running thissummer The westbound excur-
sions will be fram Chicago, Missourt River and |
| intermediate points, to Denver, Colorado
Springs, Pueblo, Salt Lake City and Ogden, on
|} aschedule of about twenty-six hours, Chicago
to Denver, The fare willbe one regular first- |
j class single trip tariff (not temporarily re- |
| o
duced) plus $2 for the round trip. These ex- |
eursions will be run from Chicago on June 20, |
duly 9 daly 17, Ana ot, and from the |
Missouri Kiver one day later, except
| that for the second excursion, on aecount of
the Democratic National Convention, the dates
of sale from Kansas City are to be from July 7
to July 10, inclusive. The tickets are to eall for
continuous passage in) each direction from
j starting point to the first Colorado common
point, but westof that stopovers will be per- |
mitted within a limit of 80 days on the going
trip. On the return the trip must be continn- |
ous. The tickets expire on Oct, 31 f
[he eastbound excursions will be from Colo-
rado points to Chicago and intermediate sta-
tions. Tickets will be sold on June 23, July 13,
July %and Aug 4 The rate will be # single
fare (not temporarily reduced) plus $2 for the |
round trip | No Ueket will be seld, however, for)
leas than $7. ‘The passage must be con-
finnous in each direction in| these e@xcur-
sions and the tlekets expire on Oct a1
The railroad will also sell excursion tickets |
fn all enatern points of otber lines connecting
with the Rock Island route, provided the tickets
be timed so as to give a continuous passage on
one of the dates of sale at the starting point of
| the excursion
' [1 is declared by the officials of the Poek
Island road that even if the Weatern Passenger
Association does not consent to these rates, the
line will take individual action and put them in
force notwithstanding

RECTOR AND VESTRY AT ODDS,

 

 

Rey. Mr. Davidson, Notified That His Restgna-
tion Is Accepted, Says He Hasn't
Resigned.

The Rev Charles Steele Davidson, rector of
the Episcopal Church of the Holy Apostles in
Greenwood avenue, in the Windsor Terrace dis-
trict of Brooklyn, is at war with the vestrymen,
At the morning services last Sunday, the time
usually taken up by the sermon war devoted by
the rector toa ventilation of the troubles be-
tween himself and the vestrymen He an-
nouficed that he had received a set of resolu-
tions, aligned by ten of the eleven vestrymen,
stating that the rector’s “provisional resigna-

tion tendered on Feb 16" was accepted, to take
eflectat the close of the current fiscal year,

 

May 15
Mr Davidson denied with much emphasis that
he hadever tendered his resignation Hespoke
with much feeling, and some of the wornen,
moved tosympathy, sobbed audibly He in-
vited those members of the congregation who
wished him to remain as their pastor to stay
after the service and assure him of their good
will and many persons did 80
Mr. Davidson took charge of the little
| Fpiscopal flock in Windsor Terrace in May of
| last year The opposition to him, the wardens
and vestrymen say, has come about through
| his neglect of the interests of the church as
| shown by his long and frequent absences,
aggregating more than four months in less than
ayear. Atatneeting of the vestery on Feb 16,
he represented, it is said, that he was so broken
down that he would either bave to resign at
ones, take a vacation or stay and drop in his
tracks,

"We laid aside the matter of the resignation
fora time,” one of the vestrymen sald yester-
day, ‘and told him to go away to eseape it
it was undefstood that he would be back on
Easter Sunday, but just before that time we
received a letter stating that he was having
such a good time that he thought he would stay
over another week We were then forced to
the conclusion that the church would be a suf-
ferer by a continuation of Mr Davidson's ree-
torship and notified him that we would accept
his provisional resignation "

FOR BRITISH OR BOER?

With Which Should Americans Sympathize?
Universalist Clab Hears Both Sides.

The Universalist Club at its regular meeting

at the St. Denis last night heard arguments

on the question, which side Americans should |

sympathize with in the Boer war, Col, Alex- |

andr S. Bacon took the English side of it and |

Fdward Jewitt Wheeler, editor of the Literary
Jriveat, the Boer end
Col, Bacon said that the tyranny of the Boers
was a tyranny such as was known nowhere |
else in the world and that it was a mistake to |
eall their government a republic or a demoe-
eracy
“The Boer cause,” said Mr, Wheeler, “has |
|

   

Manice, who began poorly by overplaying
her second Into the trap back of the first green,
finished the out holes in 48 and the in
) holes

WOMEN START AT GOLF.

TOURNAMENT OF THE
G, A. LINKS.

 

FIRST OPEN
SEASON ON M.

 

Twenty-four Finish io the Preliminary Score
Round at the Lakewood Clab--Mre, FE. A.
Manice Makes the Gold Medal Score -Piaus
for Vardon Exhibition at Oakland To-day.

Mrs F A. Manice waa a comet among the
golfing stara of great and minor consequence
who gathered at the Golf Club of Lakewood yes-
terday for the annual open tournament for
women, the first held on an M G@, A. links this
season. ‘The hasty arrangement of the event,
which was first announced on last Friday, kept
many players away, yet there were twenty-four

| to finish in the qualifying round, four more

than started last year Eight were entered
from thetwo Lakewood elubs, while others came
from organizations Nr and near, Three were
entered from the Royal Montreal Golf Club
So far the women who golf in Canada have not
shown any inclination to seek honors at our
open tournaments, and yesterday's invasion
nay inean a reform in this respect) Mrs

in 49. Her total, 97, was the best
score in the round, the next nearest being four
At match play in the after-

Mins Walton made a 99,
Mra. Manice's

strokes away
noon, however,
the next best score of the day.
qualifying score was
ut 6465665 5 & 48
6765 8 4 4 4 5-40-97
The couree had been shortened for the tourna-
ment to about ¢,500 yards from 6,700, The only
tees not changed were numbers 1, 8, 9, 14, 15,16
and is

In

Mrs Manice has a very good etyle and is
strong in all departments of the game While
she towered over the flald yesterday like an
oak in an orchard, the critical onlookers would
not admit that she was a class above either
Miss Underhill, Miss Hoyt, Miss Cassatt, Mrs
Fox orany of our best women players The
next championship will decide this question
which has so often been asked since the dis-
qualifieation of Mrs. Manice on a technicality

atter the qualifying round at the last women’s
championship, ip whieh she had tied with two
others for the honors of the fourth best score
The leading score in the Lakewood tournament
last spring Was 107, made by Miss Grace Bilis,
Crescent A ©, and Miss Ruth Underhill, the
subsequent cup winner took 110

The golfing yesterday morning was under
delighful weather conditions Light ailk shirt
Waists were then the fashion and they were as
bright in hues as the variegated tulips in the
clubhouse garden Buta thunderstorin stopped
the play for awhile in the afternoon and made
heavier wraps necessary. The scores for the
qualifying, round were

FIRST BIGHT,

In. Total

v7

Out,

Mra. F. A. Maniee, Pittsfield, 8 C.. .48
Miss Howe, Pittsburg : ooo 49
Miss Linton, Royal Montreal eee BS
Miss Hurt Andrews, Montelair ...6655
Miss Green, Royal Montreal

Miss M. Andrews, Montelatr....
Miss Anna Ferris, Lakewood

Miss Walton, Allegheny .

KECOND BIGHT,

49
82
Bo
82
5s
55 1
671
531

 

Miss F Suydam, Dyker Meadow 55 58 115
Mrs. Wood, Allegheny a) 17 |
Mrs. D. Hunter, Lakewood 61 8 119
Mrs. G. © Dutton, Oakley 58 62 120 |
Miss Fitr@erald, Seabright So 64 122
Miss Towne, Royal Montreal,.... 61 n4 12h |
Mrs Dillworth, Lakewood seve OB al 129
Mrs. H. BE. Hedstrom, Buffalo. 67 64 131
THIRD BIGHT,
Mrs. F. M. Feeeman, Lakewood 62 71 135
Miss Forrest, Hartford ne 64 148
Mrs. F. 1), Beard. Lakewood 60 60 138
Mrs. Hraithwaite, Lakewood 64 73 141
Miss Leslie May, Lakewood..... 65 77 142
Miss Downer, Lakewood soveces, 68 77 145
Mrs. KR. . Kerr, Lakewood 76 77 158
Mrs, FB. W. Russell, Fairfield 79 7A 153

Mrs Manice ‘‘smothered”’ Miss Burt Andrews
at match play, but the best scoring mateh was
between Miss Walton and Miss Howe, as fol-
lows

Miss Walton 5 47665 6 4 h—48
Miss Howe .6 66 767 & & 6-82
Miss Walton 6409 46 5 Bb 4 5—51- 99
Miss Howe 7665 6 6 4 4 5-49-1091

The mateh play results were

First Eight) Miss M. Andrews beat Miss Ferris by
4 up and sto play; Miss Walton beat Miss Howe by 5
upand 4 to play Xias Iinton beat Misa Green by 7
upand 5 w play, Mrs, Manice beat Miss B. Andrews
by up and & ty play.

Second Eight Mrs. Wood beat Miss Fitzgerald, by
default) Miss Towne beat Mrs. Dutton, by 4 up and
2 to play: Miss Suydam beat Mrs. Dillworthre, by 1

up: Mrs. D Hunter beat Mrs. A, D. Hedstrom, by
2up
Third Bight-—Miss Forrest beat Mrs Russell, by 2

up and 1 to play; Miss Downer beat Mra. Freeman,
by 1 up (ten holes Mrs. Braithwaite beat Mrs. Kerr,
by 7upand 6to play: Miss May beat Mrs. Beard, by
2 up

The winners wi! play as named in the seml-
finals this morning

 

The Sunset Park Golf Club of South Brooklyn
held its weekly competition yesterday It was
a general handicap, and James M Mitchell, with
the good card of 05, Was the winner The scores
were

  

 

 

suffered more here from its advocates than atitenell Grow, H'cap. Ne.
from any other cause They fayored the Boers Siddati 2 102 2 10
mostly, not on account of any Jove _for the | Brenner 118 10 108
Boers, but because of hatred for England. | Mahon.. 115 5 110
This Boer war is a Tory war, and is not a war! Adam.. Vd 3 i
of liberal England ” } Duncan... eereeerceees 120 5 qs

Col Bacon in rebuttal said | Hatnes 15 0 11h

"The weaker nations have got to give way. ult. “tl : i ; 112
The Anglo-Saxon must rule the world, fn | Btlaney ccc rc ses 133 5 120
our own generation we shall see the Stars and | ikea ; 120 0 130
Stripes floating vver every capital in the world | fuat.., 130 10 120
asan honored guestat least. L hopetosee the | Anderson Ts | 5 125
day when enlightened England will dominate | Avis. 0000066. cccee ee .. 126 0 125
the polities of all Europe and when the United | Kirehner 120 0 120

States will dominate all this continent and ty-
rants like Kruger will be forgotten. Such as
he must take a back seat. His own grand-
children will say, ‘God bless the day when our

Mr. Wheeler replied that he would much
rather see a big republic in South Africa than
what he termed the “shot gun civilization”
of Col. Bacon

 

WELLAND CANAL DYNAMITERS,

 

Their Counsel Not Allowed a Hearing The
Men Kemanded for Eight Days.

NIAGARA Fanus, N. Y., April 23.) That the
Ontario Government does not intend that there |
shall be any trifling in the matter of the prose-
eution of the inen under arrest charged with
dynamiting lock 24 of the Welland Canal at
Thorold, Ontario, Jast Saturday night, was
made clear when the men were arraigned for
examination before Mugistrate Logan in Ni-
agara Falla, Ontario, to-day. The Hon. GW. Ross,
Attorney-General of Ontario, had notified Gov-
ernment Detective Murray, who was present at
the hearing, not to allow the men
Crown Attorney Cowper asked a remand for
eight days Attorney MeBurney and Crowe,
representing the prisoners, asked to be heard,
but Detective Murray objected. Attorney Mo-
Burney protested that the order of the Attor-
nev-General was extraordinary Detective

 

counsel

 

be more likely to secure |

} Murray said the erime was extraordinary
} Duilman, one of the prisoners, protested
| againet the demand, claiming that he was a
citizen of the United States and demanded im-
mediate trial The men were remanded for
eight days and were taken to Welland Jail this |
afternoon

Lieut.-Gov, Woodruff on the Coming Man,

Lieut. -Gov Woodrnf? will address the |
Men's League of St. Matthew's Lutheran
Chureh in Brooklyn on Thursday evening, May
8 Hemakes the address in response to are-
quest made tohim by the League last) year
His topic is to be “The Twentieth Century
Man: What will he be and w will he do?

In honor of the Lieutenant-Governor's pres-
ence the occasion is to be made one of the two
ladies’ nights whieh the League bas each year

  

Meeting of Monnt St. Vincent Alumnir,

At aspecial meeting of the alumna of Mount
St Vineent, held vesterday at the Blessed Sac-
rament Convent in West Seventy-ninth street,
Mrs. Charles F Nagle presiding, arrangements
were made for the annual Juneheon at the
academy on May 26 Reports trom the regents
) of the Manhattan and Brooklyn ¢ hapters of the
| Seton Guild showed a large numberof hospital
supplies on hand and by vote these will be pre- |
| sented to some needy institution |

 

Recorder Sent the Women Away,
The Woman's Municipal League of St. Mich- |
aes Protestant) Episcopal Chureh, Ninety-
ninth street and Amsterdam avenue invaded
the Criminal Court Building forty strong ves-
terday Chey went to Kecorder Goff's court,
but he sent then: word that the testimony in
the ense on trial was such as they would not
care to hear They all tiled out and later their
shirt waists helped to brighten up the Tombs

Chicago University Alumni Dine.

The members of the Eastern Alumni
ciation of the University of Chicago had their
second annual dinner last night at the Hotel
Manhattan There were eighteen diners The
Rev John Jay Gorhani presided and the
speakers Were President Seth Low of Colum. |
bia University, Prot) Albion Wo Small of the |
University of ¢ Range, Prot Isabella Stone of
Vassar College, the Rey J) W Riddleeft Phila-
delphia and Mr, Franklin Johnson, Jr

Asso-

|
|
'

 

 

 

The best ball match to be played at the Oak-
land Golf Club between Walter J Travis and
Douglas, the club's professional, against Harry
Vardon will be startedat 1080A M_— Itisesti-
mated tharit will take them at least three hours
to Complete the eighteen holes, so that the

! afternoon round will be started at 3 o'clock,

and they will not finish until @o'clock, Those
who leave Long Island City aa late aa the 3:30
o'clock train in the afternoon should be able to ;
see at least nine holes

Secretary Kalbfleisch announces that on
Saturday there will be a golf ball_sweepstakes
foursomes handicap at the Dyker Meadow Golf
Club eighteen holes, medal play, handicap of each
pair to be three-quarters of their aggregate
medal plav handicaps Eatrance fee, four stand-
and wolf balls for each pair; two-thirds to go to
winners, one-third to second pair

 

RICHARD FP. LOPER IN COURT,

Pleads Not Guilty to Charges of Conspiracy
to Defraad the People’s National Bank.

Puivapenpita, April 23.--Richard F. Loper,
who was general manager of the defunct Guar-
antors’ Investment Company at the time of the
failure, and whose alleged improper manipnia-
tions of securities is said to have been the cause
of the failure of the concern and also the cause
of the disaster that led to the closing of the
doors of the People’s National Bank and the
suicide of the cashier of the latter institution,
Johns Hopkins, Was taken into court to-day,
and betore Judge Finletter pleaded not guilty
to indictments charging him with oonspiracy to
detraud the People's Bank ‘The plea was en-
tered by Loper’s attorney, A. S. 1. Shields,
after he had Ned a demurrer, which was over-

rided at once by the Court. Loper's bail of

! 825,000 was renewed and he left the court

Col. Ezra De Forest to Command the Twenty-
third Regiment,

At a meeting of the officers of the Twenty-
third Regiment, held last night in the Bedford
Avenne Armory in Brooklyn, Lieut -Col Ezra
De Forest was unanimously elected Colonel
of the rewiment in place of Col, Alexia © Smith,
who resigned several months ago Col De
Porest has been connected with tho regiment
for more than twenty years prior to his retire-
nent three vears ago

Mrs. Anthony's Thanks.

Although the widow of Sergt, “Bill” Anthony
of the battleship Maine has personally acknowl-
edged ail financial aid rendered her since the
death of ber husband, many contributions
have been reported whieh have not reached
her. and she wishes through THE SUN, to thank
all for their generosity. Mrs. Anthony at
yrosent is emploved in the Census Bureau at
Vashington, and saves that she isin no further
need of assistance

Jersey City Municipal Boards Reorganize.

Four of the municipal boards in Jersey City,
to which Mayor Hoos made appointments on
Saturday, reorwanized yesterday Jamies ¢
Clarke was redlected President of the Board of
lax COT TISKLO Hers, Henry Lembeck President
of the Board of Finanee, Dr John D MeGill
President of the Police Board, and John Frriek-

son resident of the Board of Fire Commis- |
stoners. There was no change made in the cler-
teal foree in any of the boards ]

dalled for Stealing Confederate Bills.
Daniel lL. Fogarty went into Brown's curiosity
ehop at tl Park Row, vesterday morning, and
asked to see some old money. When Brown |

handed ont a package of Confederate bank |
notes Fogarty seized the package and ran. tte

Was arrested after a chase and was held for
trial. When he learned that the notes were
only worth & he said it was hard to go to jail for
such a thelt

| tween

THIRTEENTH REGIMENT REVIEWED.

Sergeant-Major Gendar Received a Gold Medal
for Thirty-five Years’ Service.

The Thirteenth Regiment, commanded by
Col. David E Austen, was reviewed Inst night
in the armory, corner Sumner and Jefferson
avenues, Brooklyn, by Adjutant-General Ed-
ward M. Hoffman. The members of the Vet-
eran Association were also present to celebrate
the thirty-ninth anniversary of the regiment's
departure for the war, The men wore fatigue
uniforms having the red trimmings; the service
uniforms will be worn for the first time when
the regiment ia reviewed by Gov. Roosevelt on
May 16 Previous to the review there was a
regimental drill and the men received hearty
applause from the crowds in the gallery for the
precision with which they went through the
different evolutions

The flag was saluted in a way that was very
pretty Asthe band started to play the “Star
Spangled Banner’ every man was attention
Then a national flag, which was suspended from
the roof of the big armory was slowly lowered
to the floor. The Colonel and his staff stood
with heads uncovered until the band ceased

playing Long service medals were presented
to the following

Sergeant Major William S, Gendar, N. C. 8
ears, Ordnance Sergeant James MeNevin, N.
40 years; Color Sergeant Edward H. Narwood, N.C,
S.. 25 years: Capt. Willlam Kerby, Acting Quarter
master, 20) years; Quartermaster Sergeant Chauncey
. Graham, Battery A, 20 years; Private William Ii
Fricke, Battery D, 20 years; Capt. Georte W
Rodgers, Battery K, 10 years; Capt. Joseph H
Yaueh, Battery H, 10 years; First Lieut, Franklin i.
Rodgers, Hattery K, 10 years. Sergeant Major
Thomas M. ilarvey, N.C.S., 10 years; Battallon
Sergeant ne John S Jenkins, N.C. S.. 10 years
First Sergt. William is Skelton, Battery B, 10 years
ang war, First Ser@t. George BH. Sehriver, Battery ©,
10 years; Quartermaster Sergeant Harry Meekes, Hat
tery D, 10 years, Sergt Frank HH. De Witt, Bastery
H. 10 years; Corp. Fdwin J, Chapman, Battery G, 10
years: Privat’ Edmuad D. Titus, Battery D, 10 years
aud war, Private George H. Zaha, Kattery Hl, 10
years, Private Aaron Payne, Battery A, 10) years:
Private W.N. George, Battery A, 10) years; Private
Georg> M. Lounsbury, Battery A, 10 years; Private
Martin Mny, Hattery B, 10 years.

 

a5

     
 

 

 

Sergeant-Major William 8. Gendar received a
gold medal, and before pinning it on his coat,
Col. Austen ina short speech, said that Gendar
had served for thirty-five vears, and during
that time he had made a record of 100 per cent,
tor duty

The marksmen's badges were to have been
presented, but this was postponed until May
16. When there was trouble in the regiment
during the war the lockers were broken open
and the men'® uniforms taken away by the
State. The medals and badges were on these
uniforms and Col Austen is trying to get them
back for the men There was music and
dancing after the drilland review.

HAWKINS'S FASY MARK.

 

Fights Jerry Sullivan Instead of McPartland,
Who Is Overweight.

There was another disappointment at the
Hercules AC last night. Kid MePartland and
Dal Hawkins of Callfornia were to have been
the contestants in a 25-round bout, but MePart-
land was overweight and [lawkinus would not
fight him The management then put on
Jerry Sullivan of Boston in the Kid's place
Sullivan, who isan old-timer, waa out of con-
dition andthe sports hissed when he entered
the ring. Of course Sullivan was the easiest
kind of a mark and in the seeond round he was
60 much at Hawkins’s merey that Referee
Charley White stopped the slaughter and
hustled Sullivan to his corner

As the spectators searcely hada good nin for
their money there were yells for another “go '
This was not fortheoming, however, and after

a waitof nearly ten minutes the lights were
turned out Soemeof the bold sports insisted
on another encounter or the return of their

money, and would not go away until the
police threatened them with arrest
The opening struggle was between Jack

Lowery of New York and Ed Schimmerach of
Brooklyn. The limit was twelve rounds at 115
pounds When it started off it looked as though
Schimmerach would win as he did most ot the
leading and punching Afterward, however,
Lowery began toswing and staggered Schem-
merach with the right. Lowery got the de-
cision

Further Arrangements for National Regatta.

The local committee in charge of the National
Regatta held a meeting at the Hotel Minot
last night, and ratified the action of the N. A
A. © Committee, adding an extra day to the
meeting, so that the rewatta will now be held
on July 19, 20and 21

The additional day will be devoted to apecial

winners of which will be sent to Paris
man Pilkington
permission from the Park  Commission-
ers to erect grand-stands They will
be put upat the expense of the National Asso-
ciation, and the money derived will be utilized
for sending the crews abroad. The stands will
be located on the New York side of the river
opposite the finish line, and will aceommo-
date 5,000 persons, Permission has also been
received to place seats on High Bridge, adinis-
sion to which will be by ticket. The prizes for
the special races will be paid fer by the
National Association The local committee
will also make additional provision for specta-
tors by running an observation train on the
east side of the river

Theodore Van Raden, chairman of the Course
and Stand Committee, reported that the finish
of the races will be midway between Washing-
ton Bricge and High Bridge, and the start a
mile and a half up the river

Chair-

Platt-Hetts Makes a New World's Record on
a Bicycle,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Lonnon, April 23) Atthe Crystal Palace to-

| day Platt-RBetts, the bicyclist, with a standing

start, rode a paced mile in 1 minute 89 2-5
seconds, beating the world’s record

Officials for the Harlem Regatta.

The Regatta Committee of the Harlem Re
gattia Association met Jast night to make ar-
rangements forthe annual raceson June2. It
was decided to use the old one-mile course from
Gates's himber vard to Central Bridge. The fol-
lowing officials were selected

Starter, James Pilkington, Harlem R. C.; thmers, ..

 

He oAbeel, Nassau B.C; Mo A. Mulien and H, {De
Jurlo, Institute Ro ¢ G. Go Huddon, Newark
and A. Hurfreud, Rosedale BH (.. judges,
Cc F Preisendanz, Fairmount B. C., Philadel
ynia: George Young and A. EF. Heyne, Atalanta
a J, G, Tighe, Sheepshead Bay Ro C.: Capt
Avery, Palisade B.C. W. Wilson, Waverly KC
Robert Cochran, Staten Island B. C. and J. F. Rog

ers, Flushing B.C.

Austin Rice Whips Johnny Burns,

PATERSON, April 24.—Forty two rounds of fight
Ing were scheduled before the Passaic County A.C,

tonight, the iain bout being twenty rounds
at 122 pounds between Austin Rice of New
London, and Jainny Burns ot, New York
Kurns did well against the veteran, but
Referee Eddie Dougherty of the Greenwood A.C,
gave the decision to Kies, although a draw would

have been nearerrigh', In the preliminartes Chris,
MeCann of Passale bested Young Ryan of Paterson
fn ten rounds, while Ledyard Hiltehins of Paterson
knocked out Lon Webster, also of this elty, after two
rounds of fierce ffghting

 

Wrestling.

NEWARK, April 23.-Charlea Teonhardt, the mid
die weight wrestler, was the winnerof the mateh with
William Johnson, the collar and elbow erack, at

Haeberie's Hall to-night. The two had agreed to
meet for $500 a side in a Graeco Roman bout, acateh
as catch-can bout,and inathird to be determined by
afipofthe coin, In the frst Leonhardt got a three
quarter Nelson hold after two minutes’ wrestling and
threw Johnson so hard that the latter gave up the
contest. Considerable money was wagered

 

Barrett and Andy Daly Draw.

Kosvon, April 23. Billy Gardner was to have
boxed fifteen rounds with Willy Barrett of Brooklyn
at the IsoterieClubto night, but owing to a lame

hand the former did not care to go into the ring
Andy pat WAS substituted Phe two youngsters
went the limit, every round being a slash ng one.
Heferee Sheehan declarcd ttadraw. Barrett mixed
{t up from the start, but Daly was always willing to
meet him half way

Lacrosse,

CAMBRIDGE, April 24.-The following schedule
has been arranged for the Harvard Lacrosse team
April 24, Crescent A. C. at Cambridge; May 5, Unt
versity of Pennsylvania at Cambridge: May 12, Co
lumbia at New York, May 19, Cornell at Cambridge
Games with the Six Nations tribe of Indians and with
the University of Toronto will probably be played on
May 2H and June 2, respectively

Odds and Ends of Sports,

IPHACA, April 28 A proposition from the Syra
cuse University to row a raceon Cayuga Lake be

the Syracuse crew and one of the Cornell
crews js being seriously considered at Cornell, The
race, if the plansare perfected, would be rowed to
ward the latter partof June while the alumni were in
Ithaca for commencement week. Cornell would send
elther her second crew or her freshmen crew against
the Syracuse elgnt, the latver probably, as it's thought
thata short race before the races at Pouthkeepste
would be good discipline for the youngsters. If
Syracuse did creditably inthis race she without
@oubt enter her crew in the regava at Poughkeepsia

\

 

|
|

stated that he had received |

 

; inthe fahting line in South Africa, it

“THE SUN,. TUESDAY, APRIL, 24, 1900..

  
 
    
   

 
 
 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

  

Everybody

  
 

of the new VERONESE Biscuit that
captivated the public so completely.
that knows the best
things of life is acquainted with
VERONESE Biscuit; and everybody
else is learning about that delicious
flavor that is found in nothing else.
No other biscuit is baked in the won-
derful English ovens—the ovens
that bake for continental gourmets.

In large orsmall packages--a package that keeps
them fresh and crisp--at caterers or groceis.

Veronese
Biscuit

Bw
ececceececeeeceeccceces

 
       
   
   
   
      

    

 

 

IMPROVING THE SHAMROCK, |

 

FIFE WILL WORK OUT THE PROBLEM
BY PRACTICAL EXPERIMENT,

A Testing Tank Fitted Up itn His Drawing
Office Exact Mintature of the Shamrock's
Hull Has Been Made and Other Models to
Be Used to Work Out Her New Design.

Fram the Boston Herald.
Grascow, April 6--William Fife, Jr, has en-
tered with much care and determination on his
task of improving the Shainrock, and events of

| the past few months have favored him so far as

to leave him practically free to devote himself
to this work The outbreak of war, just when
building contracts should have been wider dis-
eussion, had the effectof preventing many
yaehtsmen from proceeding with their plans
The Fairlie yard is under contract to deliver
only one big yacht this season, |e, the 65-
footer Khama, which has been built for Ken-
neth Olark, and will be sailed by Capt. Archie
Hogarth

Originolly Fife did what he could by theoriz-
ing, and as this failed, he has now decided totry
to work out the problem by practical experi-
ment. In the private room of his drawing
office he has had a large tank erected and filled
with water sea water so that all conditions
may be as near as possible to those of actual
sailing. Overthis tank are guide rails and a

| slide attached to a cord and moved by weights

ACER, Ope , j > ; " . ]
r open only to United States crews, the | which can be bung

the other end = This is
his testing tank, and to use it he has had a
number of models cut from the log and duly
weighted so that they will float to the proper
water line

For a standard an exact miniature of the

Shamroc't's hull has been made, and variations
of her new design are embodied in half a dozen
other models which haveeither been inade orat
present are being produced in the yard) Most
of the objections taken to the Shamrock’'s
lines by competent critics are dealt with in one
or other of these models There are among
them Shamrocks of less draught, fuller body,
softer bilges, and easier buttocks, longer over-
hangs and less bear

The sapere now in progress consist of
testing these models against the miniature
Shamrock by starting them at one end of the
tank and recording carefully the time they take
tomake the passage tothe other end when
drawn by the different weights Their travel-
lin is tested also at different angles of inclina-
tion, the weight, and consequently the speed,
being increased tn ratio with the angle of im-
mersion

What results have been obtained by these ex-
periinents is of course a matter for Mr. Fife
alone, but from the time which he has already
pent upon them it is apparent that he finds
he pursuit engrossing The figures) which
ecord the various trials have been carefully

at

8
1
r

tabulated and the table will doubtless be of im- |

mense service to him when he comes to decide
upon and draught out the alterations to be
made on the Shamrock

One of the surest ways of provoking a dis-
cussion among the yachting men ot this side,
especially the professional yachting men, is to
venture an opinion as to whether Watson's
new challenger or Fife's improved Shamrock is
likkly to prove the better boat. [ have heard
the point discussed already by many parties of
yachting men, but | have not yet been in any
discussion outside of Fairlie in which the
bulk of opinion was favorable to Fife's chances

rhe yachting skippers have almost invari-
ably a true shellback's distrust of a tinkered
boat, and they cling stubbornly to the unrea-
sonable belief that, if a boat does badly in her
first season, the best and only satistactory way
of Improving her is to break her up and build
another This reason conldsearcely be backed up
by logic, but, when they add to that, as most of
them do, a firm belief in Mr Watson asa de-
signer of the biggest type of racing cutter they
stand on surer groune

So far as I have been able to discover, there
seems to be a general opinion among American
yachting men that, in the Shamrock, they saw
the best and fastest cutter ever launched in
British waters But | could lay hands on half a
dozen men who would undertake to sail the
Meteor against the Shamrock in her present
trim on even terms

Since the publleation of the arrangements
already made in connection with the next chal-
lenge, there has been a special interest taken in
the new work which Watson has turned out this
year, and especially in the two racing boats
which are being built at Meadowside These
are the cutter Distant Shore, for Charles Day
tose, and the first-class racing yawl Sybarita,
for Whittaker Wright) The Distant Shore
has already been deseribed; the yawl jis
seareely far enough advanced as yet to enable
one to make a very accurate estimate of her
appearance The steel of which the yawl's
framework is madeis of that special quality
which was used first inthe construction of tor-
vedo boat destroyers and has sinee found much
eae with yacht designers on account of its
foushness and greatstrength  Thetinibersare
of bulbed angles, spaced fairly close, and so
strung together with plates and straps that
the topsides seem to be half-plated in steel

Phe Distant Shore was easily recognizable as
a near relative of the Bona, a trifle fuller in the
body, less in bean, and more wrip forward, but
still the Bona in the leading characteristics of
her design. The Sybarita is not of that type
nor can she be said to bear any very strilting
resemblance to any other boat that Watson
ever designed, Forward she has some resem.
blanee to the Meteor, although Watson is stil!
drawing out his overhangs and giving finer
ends. Sheiseven more cleanly undereut than
the Meteor was, and there is comparatively
little grip until the curve drops to meet the fin

Where her water line may strike is as vet only
amatter of conjecture, but roughly estimated
by the eve she looks as though she woul@ float
nearly a couple of feet lighter than the German
Emperor's craft. The lower run of her lead lies
parallel with the water line. Aft of the mid-
ship section she looks rather leaner than any of
the recent boats, but the deep fat fin promises
to hold her off well when the nmizzen nias
getting a breeze and developing i
drive her up into the wind

Owing to the fact that Mr

 

be
tendeney to

 

Rose has two sons
Is @N-
tremely unlikely that the Distant Shore will
be fitted out, and this induced Capt. Sycamore
to give serious consideration to an offer trom
Cornelins Vanderbilt. Before aceeptina it he
communicated with Watson, and the reply
was of such a nature that Sveamore cabled tin
regretarbeing unable to accept Mr Vander-
bilt's offer, and he will remain here in touch
with Mr. Watson until the new challenger takes
form, JOHN FEARON,

 

|

 

BOWLING,

The Golden Rods won three and lost one game in

the Arcade tournament series at Frerek's alleys last
night. ‘The scores
FIRST GAME
Golden Rod—Dormagen 19%; Sherwood, 108; Ee‘,
181, ‘Total, 578
Doppel Fiehe Pralte,
155, ‘Total, 438,

Meyer, 155; 123: Truelsen,
SECOND GAMR.
Golden Rod—Dormagen, 160; Sherwood, 146; Eek,
213. Total, 519
Doppel Kiche - Meyer, 168
177. Total 442.

Pealte, 102; Truetsen,
THIRD GAME

Golden Rod -Dormagen, 212, Sherwood, 187; Fek,

180, ‘Total, 549
Dopp 1 Biche Meyer, 170; Pealtz, 138; Truelsen,
1f0, “Total, 458

FOURTH GAMP.
Golden Rod Dormagen, 190, Sherwood, 169; Eck,
140, Total, 510.
Doppel Btet
22 ‘Total, 554

Meyer, 170; Pealtz, 141; Truelsen,

 

Scores below the average were rolled in the Colum
dla tournament at Schiussing’s alleys last night. The
results follow

FIRST GAMP

Knickerbocker Vieser, 165; Snyder, 142; Loehr,
65 (fourframes), Total, 372
Enterprise-Meyer, 163; Kuehn, 189; Kolb, 159,
Total, 474,
SFCOND GAMF,
Kniekerbocker-Loehr 167; Vieser, 179: Snyder,
187, Total 543 z
Colonial—M. Silberstein, 158: Davis, 148; A. Stl
berstein, 145. Total 451.
THIRD GAMP.
Enterprise- Meyer, 177; Kuehn, 162; Kelb, 146,

Total, 483
Colonial-M. Silberstein,
berstein, 165. Total, 478
The added gamesin the National League tourna-
ment between the Doolittle and Berkeley teams at

168 Davis 145; A. Sil-

| Starr's alleys last night resulted as follows

rinsT GAMF.

Dooltitle-—-Duke, 182, Barnes, 128: Kearse, 1096.
Clark, 154; Coffman, 124, Total, 751

Herkeley -Dennis 154; MeCoy, 184: Tracy 133;
Maines, 143; Wetngarth, 184. Total 708,

SPCOND GAME.

Doolfttle Duke, 149; Barnes 123: Kearse, 181;
Clark, 141; Coffman, 142. Total, 756.

Berkeley - Dennis, 1482; MeCoy, 157: Tracey, 145;
Maines, 1@8, Weitn@arth, 176. Total, 828,

THIRD GAME.

Doolittle Dike, 158; Barnes, 164: Kearse, 145;
Clark, 140; Coffman, 182. Total, 770,
Bericley -Dennis, 174 145: Tracy, 165;

MeCoy,
Maines. 143; Weingarth, 126. Potat, 753

One of the postponed series in the North Side
League tournament was played at Pump's alleys last

night. ‘The scores
PIRST GAMF.
Belvidere - Hotaling, 196; Newkirk, 158: Hunken,
197, Lockwood, 137: Helles, 149. Total, 882.

Pontiac Wheelmen 2—Ebling, 158;
Clinch, 177. Total, 544.
SECOND GAMP.
Pontiac Wheelmen 2--Ebling 1384; 147;
Clinch, 182_ Total, 483.

Orchard ~ Bullwinkel. 160: Buchholz, 166: Schros-
der, 142; Schwacke, 128; Wilckens, 163. Total, 7464.
THIRD GAMPF.
Belvidere—Hotaling, 126; Newkirk, 198: Hunken,

14f; Lockwood, 142; Helles, 201. Total, 453,
Orchard Bullwinkel, 178 Buchholz, 128. Schroe
der, 176; Schwacke, 144; Wilekens, 145. Total, 845

Dewes, 199;

Dewes,

Of the three teams competing i the Carruthers
Brooviyn National tournament last nightthe L.D K.
was the only_one to pass the 800 mark, and won both
{tsgames. The seores

FIRST GAME
Snartan--Maler, 127; Matzen, 139; Westberg, 155;
Gerdes, 178: Coulon, 169. Total, 759.
Corinthian-S. Walter, 154, T. Walter, 185; Brucker,
160; Niles, 144: Daker, 9. Total, 751,
SPCOND GAMB,
Corinthian.-S. Walter, 140: 7
den, 155: Niles, 155; Baker, 176
ID. K,--Norwiek 16!
18); Hartman, 130; Spink, 174
THIRD GAME.
1. D. K. -Norwieck, 1890: Sehlewel, 1538: Bauman
143; Hartman, 128: Spink, 182. Total, 808. r
Spartan Mater, 181. Matzen, 147: Westberg, 151;
Gerdes, 167; Coulton, 121. Total, 747

 

 

Walter, 169: Hol
Total. 705.
Sehlegel, 179; Bauman,
Total, 804,

Six teams competed {tn the Brooklyn Germanta
tournament lastnight. The scores

rIRST GAME
Apollo Wingenfeld, 1446; Krauss, 194: Pfunstein,
148 Cook, 151, C. Brethaner, 157. Total 836.
Kniekerboeker Tohl. 128: Taylor, 151: Pfetfer,
140; Wagner, 186: Fekert, 212. Total, 7764,
SECOND GAME.
Prosperity--Hammer, 155; Albert, 150: Leu, 187:
Hueter, 154; Wolf, 165, Total. 775. ;
Klober- Kubn, 161; Steinenger, 149: Fischer, 149
Matthews, 149; Cominsky, 191. ‘Total, 704 ,
THIRD GAMF
J. A. ppg Goetz, 154; Rothman, 176; Schwertt
197: Votler, 141, Epptg, 145, Total, 743. :
Olympla Sehnepp, 108; Bernard, 126; Moehrin-
fer. ALS Inspector Rapriker, 174) Hertzog, 179.
‘ota w

The Planets scored two easy victories (n the Ray
Ridge tournament lastnight. The scores
FIRST GAMP.
Planets ‘Tate, 170: Siller, 178: Weber,
son 173. Bennett, 152. Total, *A9
The 1108 Club- Rohlf, 137: Hamilton, 165; Sehnet

 

196; Wil

der, 142; Koenig, 166; Campbell, 157. Total, 767,
SFOCOND GAMP.
The 1105 Club -Rohif, 127; Hamilton, 169; Senne
der, 114: Koenig, 168; Campbell, 180 Total, 705

Reilly Club 2 Messing, 158: Christley, 171: Rot
14]; Well, 181; Johnson, 184 Total, 208. _—
HIRD GAME

 

Reilly Club2—Messing, 162; Christley, 141:
Rohrs, 120; Well, 187, Johnson, 150 Total 710, *
Planets Tate, 1? Siller, 18% Weber, 178:
Wilson, 104, Bennett, 144. Total, 817 ‘

When the Artington Natlonal tournament of Brook
lyn completed tts schediile six teams were tled for the
fifth prize, Of the four teams competing last night

the South Paws made the highest total he
scores
South Paw |. Lodge, 182; Medicus, 210; Van
dekar, 170, Martin, 173; J, Blerschenk, 151. Total,
bua
Monareh-Krominga, 168; Walters, 203: Keppler,
144; Cadl-u, 16%, H Maass, 169. Total, 493
Chauncey Kite, 146, Hrady, 150; Thursk, 149
Fels, !}45. Bueckholtz, 156. Total, 735
Corinthian -S. Walter, 18), T Walter, 177; Niles,
174. Holden, 182; Baker, 169 Total, 885
Bowling Notes,
THE SUN. individual champlonship tournament

games sebeduled to be played Jast night between
Arnold, Holt and Koster were postponed untll May 4,
Lehrbach, Kessler and Schultz will play thetr post
poned Zames ty Morrow night, while Foege, Lebr
bach and Helles will rollon May #

Rowllng Games To-night,

THE SUN Individual Championship Tournament
Walters, Hetles and Mitehell, at (hum & Kahisdorf's

 

alleys
\reade Oriental vs Rosedale, at Frerck's alleys
len Men ‘beam Champtonship Spartan vs. King's

County, atthe Germania Assembly Koom alleys
Colimbla Morningside, Bunch and Riverdale
at Schlussing's alleys :
Carnither's National ~ Metropolitan, Pin Knight
and Pontiac Wheelmen, atthe Elephant Club alleys.
West Side Tournament~Hamilwo va Mercury,
at iing's alleys

  

Rost Oiee Botte

WAAR AAAA AS SRP IIIA ae ray,

pest OFFICE NOTICE.

  

(Should be read pate by all interested, as changeg
occur atany time.)

ee orelen malls for the week ending April 28, 1900,

will close (PROMPTLY tn all cases) at the Genera)

Post OMce as follows; PARCELS POST MAILS

close one hour earlier than closing time shown briny,

Parcels Post Malls for Germany close at 8). M Mow

- TRANSATLANTIC MAILS,

TUESDAY.~ At 7 A. M, for EUROPE, per steam
ship Kaiserin Maria ‘Theresta®, via Cherbourg
Southampton and Bremen (mall for rein) {
must be directed “per steamship Katsertn Moria
Theresia”),

NESDAY,~At7 A, M, (supplementary) A \1)

for EUROPE, per steamship St. Paul’, via So,
ampton (mall for ireland must be directed per
steamship St. Paul’), at ®@ A.M. (supplementiry
10:40 A, M,) for EUROPE, pet steamship le,
tonic’, via Queenstown, at 10 30 A, M. for BEL
GIUM direct, per steamship Kensingtor A
Antwerp (mall must be directed “per steams) ip
Kensington’).

THURSDAY,- At7 A.M, for FRANCE, SWI'T ZY.
LAND, ITALY, SPAIN, PORTUGAL, 11)
KEY, BGYPT and BRITISH LN DIA, per ster
ship La Toumine*, via Havre (mall for onvee

rts of Europe must be directed “per steansiip
fh Touraine’), — ;

SATURDAY,--At 6:30 A, M, for EUROPE, pep
steamship Statendam’, via Plymouth and for
terdam; at 9 A, M. for TTALY, per steamsnip
Trave, via Naples (mat! must be dirretes pop
steamship Trave’); at i) A.M, for Not Vy
direct, per steamship Thingvalia, via Christiania
imall must be directed “per steamship ity ¢
valla”), at 12:30 P. M, (supplementary 21) \t)
for EUROPE, per steamship Ivernia®, via Qorr >
town (mat! must be directed “per steamshly lver

  
 

 

nia”),

*PRINTED MATTER, ETC.) German ste "s
sailing on ‘Tuesdays take Printed Matter cn,
for Germany, and Specially Addressed }1 j

Matter, ete., for other paris of Burope  \ner
fran and White Star steamers on Wednesio a,
German and French steamers on Thiirsin
and Cunard and German steamers on 5
days take Printed Matter, ete, for all roucrs
for which they are advertised tocarry mat!

After the closing of the Supplementary Trany
Matis named above, additional supplementcy
mails are opened on the plers of the Ameen,
English, French and German steamers, ant
main open until within ‘Ten Minutes of thy
of sailing of steamer.

MAILS FOR SOUTH AND OENTRAL, AMIEHICA,
WEST INDIES, BTC
TUESDAY.--At10 A.M. for INAGUA and HATTL,
also SANTA MARTHA, per steamship lielyer
non; at 9 P. M, for JAMAICA, per steams ip

Admiral Dewey, from Boston,

WEDNESDAY. Att2Z:;a0 A. M, for NASSAT, SP,

r steamer from Miami, Fla. at W AO Mo for

SANTOS direct, per steamship Maskelynre oy
0:30 A. M. (supplementary 1OoO A Mo fore}
TRAL AMERICA (excerpt Costa Riva nd
SOUTH PACIFIC POKTS, per steamship
ance, via Colon (mall for (ruatemala nmoust oe
directed “per steamship Finance’) at tein \ M
for PORTO RICO, per U.S. Transport. vin Son
Juan; atl! A, M. for NEWROUNDILANL, pur
ateamship Silvia; at 1 P.M, (supplements
1:80 P. M.) for NASSAU, N. Po, per steot )
Antilia (mati must be directed “per sien ’
Antilla”), at 1 P.M. for MENTICO, per steer

 

ship Seneca, via ‘Tampico (mall must be cir j
“Pe Steamship Seneca).
THURSDAY,—At 6 A. M, for BERMUDA, per

steamship Pretoria; at 11 A. M. (supplementory
11.30 A.M.) for VENEZUELA and CU RAG \O,
per steamship Hildur (mail for Savantiio ard
Carthagena must be directed “per siramostiy
Hildur’); at 11 A. M. for PORTO RICO, yo
steamship Maracaibo: at 1! A. M, for PERN \\
BUCO and SANTOS, per steamship Capri
for other parts of Brazil and La Plata Cours
must be directed “per steamship Capri at}
P.M. for CUBA, YUCATAN, CAMPECHE,
TABASCO and CHIAPAS, 3H steams ip
Orizaba, via Havana and Progreso inn
for other parts of Mexico must be directed
"per steamship Orizaba’), at} PM |
jlementary 1:80 P.M.) for NASSAT ‘
TIAGO, CUBA, per steamship Sara t
1 P. M. for NURTH BRAZIL, per »
linbert, at OP. M, for JAMAICA, per Steamship
Aduiral Schley, from boston

FRIDAY, -At 10:30 A, M. for BRAZIL and LA
PLATA COUNTRIES, per steamship Words
worth (mail for North Brazil must be directed
pi Steamship Wordsworth), at 1 PM fer
INAGUA, persteamship Themis (mat! for o's
maica, Bain, Puerto Cortez and (uater
must be directed “per moO MAnER f hemis

SATURDAY At {2:30 A, M. for NASSAT, N, }
per steamer from Miami, Fla,. at 10 A.M. is
plementary 10.80 A, M.) for FORTUNEISLAN),
JAMAICA, SAVANILLA, CARTHAGENA
and GREY TOWN, per steamship Alene ‘mail
for Costa Riea must be directed “per steamsilp
Alene’), atl) A. M. for CUBA, per Steamship
Havana, via Havana, at }1 A. M, for PORTO
RICO, via Ponce, also ST. THOMAS and S|
CROIX ivJa St. Thomas), per steamship Mar,

  

gu

steam

14a

    
 

 

atl P.M. for NUEVITAS, GIBARA, BARA-
COA and PUERTO PADRE, per steamship
Olinda ‘ordinary mail only)

Mails for Newfoundland, by rail to North Sydney’
and thence by steamer, close at this offer daly
at &30 PM. (connecting close here every Mone
day, Wednesday and Saturday), Matis for Mique
Jon, by rail to Hoston, and thence by steanier,
close at ibis office daily at 450 P.M, Mails
for Cuba, by rall to Port Tampa, Fla., and thence
by steamer, close at this office datly (exeept Mon
day) at §7 A. M. (the connecting closes are on
Sunday, Wednesday and Friday), Mails for
Cuba, by rail to Miamt,Fla, and thence by steamer,
close at this office every Monday, Tuesday and
Saturday at 32:30 A. M, (the connecting closes
are on Tuesday and Saturday). Malls for Mex
feo City, overland, unless spectally addressed
for despatch by steamer, close at this office daily
at 230 A. M. and 2:30 P.M, Mails for Costa

Rica, Belize, Puerto Cortes and Guatemala,
by rail to New Orleans, ana thence by steamer,
close at this office dally at $3:00 P.M. (conn:

ing closes here Tuesdays for Costa Rica ard
Mondays for Belize, Puerto Cortez and Cunt
mala), §Registered mail closes at 6 P.M. pre-
vious day tRegistered mall closes at 6 PM
second day before

TRANSPACIFIC MAILS
Mails for Hawaii, via San Francisco, close here aally
at 680 P.M, up to April 627, inclusive, for .
spatch per stearnship Ausiralia, Matis for |
wall, China, Japan and Philippine Islands, \a
San Francisco, close here dally at 640 PA
up to April §28, inclusive, for despatch per ster
ship City of Kio Janeiro, Mails for Austra ia
(except West Australia, which woes Via Burope,
and New Zealand, whieh goes via San Francisen,
Hawaltl, and Fiji Islands, vie Vancouver, close
here daily at 6.30 P. M. upto April §25, inclusive,
for despateh per steamship Miowera Molls
for China and Japan, via Vaneouver, close bere
datly at 630 P. M. up to May §2, inclusive. for
despatch per moaned Empress of China «regis
tered mail must be directed “via Vanenuser
Mails for Australia ‘except West Avsiralia,
New Zealand, Hawall, Fiji and Samoan islin §
via San Franetseo, close here daily at 6.0 4}
after April §28 and up to May §12, Inclusive or
on day of arrival of steamship Campania
at New York May $12, for despatch per stew
ship Alameda,
Transpacific malls are forwarded to port of sa) ing
daily and the sehedule of closing Is arranger or $
resumption of thelr uninterrupted overiand transit
PRegistered mai! closes at 6 P.M, previous day
CORNELIUS VAN COTT, Postmaster
Post OMee, New York, N. \., April 20, 1900

Medical.

Branch Offices of “THE SUN.”

Advertisements and Subscriptions may be lett at
these offices, where the rates willbe the -4u6é
a6 those charged at the main office.

NEW YORK CITY,

1265 Broadway,
liv West 125th $e

LONG ISLAND CITY, N. Y.,
21 Borden Av., EN. Dodson.

BOSTON, MASS.,
285 Washington St., T. P, Harrisom

NEWARK, N. J.,

7¥4 Broad St., F. N., Sommer,

CHICAGO, ILL.,

308 Stock Fxchange Bullding, C, J. Billsom

COLORADO SPRINGS, COLO.,
Hagerman Block, T, A. Thornes,

TTENTION—OLD Dik, GRINDLE, GRAD! AO
UNIVERSITY OF THECITY OF NEW Y
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT, 35 YEARS A Ot
CIALIST IN DISEASES OF MEN. OLD) Di Uh
DLE has been longer established and has had "a

 

experience than any other advertising pry)
city papers prove this, Under libs selentifne treatmest
blood and skin diseases, pain im tones, reds).
gore throat and mouth, uicers, painful swe ~
kidney and bladder complaints, scalding Initan
tion, gravel, undeveloped organs, Weak back, ‘
vitality, are speedily, permanentiy cured Moo
about to marry should consult OLD DR GRIN!
Impediments removed. Sufferers, do not was'9
time visiting Jess skilful physicians Remen

old DR. GRINDLE has a reeora for marvellous curs
OFFICE OVER 15 YEARS at 171 West jet
between Oth and 7th avs Advice free Medicus
$1. Hours, 9 tov Sundays, # to A

OLD DR, GREY, 45 years a apeeialist
disenses of men only. Quickest permancnt
guaranteed tn all the diseases peculiar lo men,
polson, skin diseases, kidney and bladder tr
weakness, nervous debiilty, errors of youth
dreams, undeveloped organs, impediments to mar
tinge, &c Consult old Dr Grey tirst) he Is the
est established and the longest tn practtee of
specialist In the city, OMece over 35 years At ’
Fast {7th st, near Union Square. Hours, @ to ¢
Sundays, @ to 3. Selentifie treatment, adsteer fre
Medicine only Scents Nocharge unless cured

D* AND MRS. AMES -Cidestand most suerr
specialists In female trre@ularities estatiisie)
30 years. improved sclentine treatment imme e
relief positively guaranteed tn most obstinate «
private sanitarium, regular graduated physi
consultation free. eontidential 144 West 24d, op
posite Proctor's Theatre

A QUICKEST PERMANENT CURE 1
¢ easesof men, dangerous cases solicited rei’ vb
once: those desiring only frst-elass seven tte
ment should cali The lead: spectall st
Bonsebur, 648 WEST @ISP SE, lon 8h
A A. -DR. CONRAD'S SANITAKRIUM
4Re 1849) Diseases of Women newly and «
letely equipped. 127 W. 47th et ciate ll7). Consiital
tee, Hours w ® Send tor booklet ‘lel
D® AND MRS. SCHROPRDER
careful, skilful. confidential
sanitarium, 240 hast Sato st
AL RS. Geist, midwife, strietly
+ confidential treatment
boarded,

4

,

 

 

 

 

 

Ag20 4s

female spect:
treatment. ¢
private no
absolutely safe. | ‘
AST Fast 50th

TH ST., 228 WEST- Dr. Crowe cures Irregula
ties at once, without pain or medicine; fee 9i@