HARRY AYRES'S JEALOUSY,

THABATS TO KILI which LANDED A
YOUNG ROOKKELVER IN JAM.

Hie Free Uae of Senator Piatt'’s Same to Com-
pel a Woman to Iiecourane the Attention
ot Policeman Thomas Pay Wrote That
it Was He That Had Pay Transferred,

In the Adama street police court Brookivn,

veaterday, Harry N Ayres, f member of the
Yong Men's Christian Sasoctation, wan come
initted to Raymond treet J by Magistrate
Hriatow, in defanit of $00 ball, on complaints
of Mere Mary Curry, an attractive widow, 49
veara old, of 16 Debevoise piace Mra Curry
produced latters (in court whieh Avrea ade

eritten, In which he threatened

roitted having
kill Detective Thomaa Fay

Ayres ia 20 years old and is A hookkeener
for a steam primp concern In lAberty street,
Manhattan Hila father is a mecharical en-
gineer For the past two years young Ayree
haa roomed at Mra. Curre’s Mre Curry was
martied when but 17 years old and has heen
a widow for five vears Policeman Fay nn
recently was a plain-clothes man attached
to the Brooklyn Central Office, He Is about
the same age as Ayres, F Mre. Curry #455,
never roomed in her housa, but he takes his

tu

 

meala there

Ever since Fay has been going to Mre. Cur-
rv's house Harry Ayres has been disgruntled,
As appended extracts from seme of Ayres's
letters will threatened if Fays
visits did not cease that he would use Influence
Piatt to have hin

w ie

with Senator Thomas ¢

transferred A@ a matter of fact, Fay was
transferred. First he was sent to Flatbush,
next to the Flushing avenue precinct, ‘hen,

he wae traneferred to Staten

a few weens Ago
«she has a letter from Sena-

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

Isand Ayres 44
tor Platt promising that his request would
be aceaded to has shown a letter pur-
porting to come from Piatt to Mra. Curry aud
to the policeman who placed him under arrest,
Court OMeer John J. O'Connor, Jr.,

Fay still eats at Mre Currv's, although he
does duty on Staten Isiand

Avres 3 from the honse and he
took aco i few doors away at 23 Debevoise
place. It was from there he indited all the
letrers that vesterday landed bim tn tall Por
the past two weeks Mrs) Curry heard from
hitn regularl day mall Not content
with writing, Ayres persisted in ealling upon
Mrs. Currey and he refuse. te remove from his
old reo most of his efleots Among the lit-
ter, Mrs. Curry says, are a mber of letters
from aters ommending Harry Ayres
asa hig ' | voung ? '

llere are @ » extructa from letters which
Avres admitted to Magistrate Briatow in court
veaterda’ that he had written to Mra. Curry,
He said he didn’t think he was doing anything
wrong

‘If vou don't think yourself superior to
that Ir uw policeman yon can’t think
much of + eelf

‘as for as mitting me in fail, why that's
the biguest ce Lever heard in all my life,
you poor fool

‘Don't y know that Thomas C. Platt,
the Republican boss, is one of my father’s best

i don't break Tom Fay before

friends, and if
long it is not going to be my fanlt for not try-

ing, vou may fest assured

If anvbody asks me why IT am not atill at
your house lam going to tell them just the
truth and they eon form their own conelu-
gions”

‘a father an-
taxes hia

“Iam going to write Tom Fa
other letter telling him that his son

meals at your house and sleeps there when
he is sick Ha, ha, do I leok feolish you
must think 80 to ever dream of telling me that
yarn

“Iam going personally to certain parties

and find out whether or net he is on the Brook.
Iyn police «and if he is Il will know who to

 

     
 

have lor itt write toro put him onthe Covey
Army sta a .

"You have treated me like a dog for all the
kindr st onand oon will recrret it

  

 

the

     

nen Charhe doos quit rou T hope to God
that vou will endure the greatest hardshipe of
anybody on earth
“NOV. 29, 1000
“This is the last chance you have to give up

  

that Irishman, Will you do it er not? | am
the one who had him transferred to Staten
Island. 1 could break bir ‘ust as well as hav-

red if 1 cared to.’
int to be broke? Don't he
know enough to see he is liched or does he want
me to put a bullet through him to prove tt?
“If vou want to send me to the electric chair
keep defving me the way you have done for
months past and see which one feels the sorrest
you, Hon Fav, or me. I will break hin Ir
that does not teach him alesson the 1 will put
him where he will never worry anybody on
this earth asain.’
‘Ll have a letter

ing him transfe
“Does the tn

 

 

written to Mr. Charles Kink le

21 Nassau street It's up to vou whether I
will matl it or not. You have deceived me,
led to me about Tom Fav's visita to vour house

and showed me no merey for my kindness to-
ward you.”

‘l wrote vou IT was willing to forgive you for
all this and even then vou were not satisfied,
fo YOU CAN expect no merey from me, or Fay
either. J will have the proper parties attend
tohlm allright. I hadt transterred. Now
I will transfer him to he

Avres vave himeelf
ner at 11 o'clock Satu
Montauk Theatre He told the oMecer he bad
learned he had a warrant for him from Secre-
tary Thornton B. Penfield of the Young Men's
Christian Association, and had been searching

or him there. He was locked in a cell in the
Adams street station all Saturday niwht) In

 

 

|
pto Court Officer O'Con-
rday night in front of the

 

 

court yesterday he pleaded guilty to the charge ,

 

if violating section 549 of the Penal Code
} e had no bondeman and was sent to Raymond
street Jail pending a further hearing on Tues-
ay

Last night_a delegation of Harry's friends
waited upon Mre. Curry and herved ber not to
appear against him

“If I don’t Tom Fay will,” replied Mrs. Curry
“He wanted to serve the warrant on Ayres,
but I know they both have pistola sol wouldn't
let him.”

 

PASSED A SUSPICIOTS CHECK.

When Tatior Investigated His Custdmer Took
to His Heels -Cop Nabbed Him.

A young man accompanied by a stylishly
dressed young woman went Into Herman
Gould's tallor shop at 260 Market street, New-
ark, on Saturday night and asked to see geome
overcoats” After a long discussion he decided
totakea fifteen-dol'ar coat and offered a cneok
in parment. Astiould walked tothe cash drawer
it flashed across nim that a brother tailor a
Nttle way down the street named Fischer nad
been fooled by a cheek last «pring Gould
told the young man that he had no pen with
which the latter might indorse the check and
anid he would step out and wetone The voung
roman evidently scented danger, for she
the store and boarded a trolley ear for Ora

When Gould came back he brought Fischer
and aghe sight of the latter the youne man
bolvet * He ran down Market street with the
two tislors following He was a sprinter and
was drawing away easils, when he fell in with
Policeman MeTarue MeTague is off duty
He had an altercation with a negro a few weeks
avo and the negro shot him in the hand = But
MeTaanue'’s eves are about him even when he
He decided to stom the fiuw-

 

    

is not working

tive on general principles An instant later
the tailors appeared, and the young man was
marched off fy the'st ition On the way he
tried to throw away a crumpled check He
gave the name of Nelson Mo Doty YY!

were twenty-seven pawnticketa in his pockets,

 

 

dating as far back as October, 190s { er
ie sure Doty isthe man who passed a bad check
on him last spring, and the pollee say ey
think he Is responsible for a number of apuri-

     

ous checks that have been put in circulation

around the city lately

 

 

Engineer 1. ©. Bock Back at Work,
Mr. Lefferts L. Buek,

the engineer in charge

 

 

       

of the construct of the new East River
bridge, who br down under the strain of
hia work and was fer a time i sinitariur
at Dansville, N.Y. is tiproved in heath and
back at work, altt » has net vet fully
recovered An ter the bP Come
mission said vesterday that M wo
probab eontinie tai by eng ow a of

of the work unless his health should take suct

 

a turn as to disqualify him permanent
Henry C. Payne Denles That He fs to Have a
Doretan Miaston

   

Minwarker, Dec, 2 Henry ¢ Vayne
6.4 to gat thet the stor t 14 to
have a foreagn nitsstonm was idle mos iy , t

® slightest ndation in tae 1 shail

aston Toesda he said iid actern

4 mn New veork shall go te Vaehing
Aicer that IT shall go somewhere tor a
| have thought of taking a Mediterranean
trip, put have not decided fully. That is ail

there is to my going abroad.”

  

  

  

VARM LARORER HOARDS A PORTUNE.

Death of « Man Whore Onivy Interest in Life
Waste Rave Bone) Lett 940,000 of More.
Watnatown, NY, 2 fy the deatd

of Vietor Wil'fame thie week at the heme of

hie nephew in Depauvilie, thie county, north
has lost one of (te moat eonen-

Ther

ern New York

tric characters He never rece:ved more than
the wre of a laborer, and vet
that which he earned and investing it, he ao-
eumulated Varionusly estimated at

fromm $60,000 te $100,000

» fortune

Che only ioterest this man found in life wee
saving money, and this he enjoved as most
men enfoy ependinag moneys He worked on

forme asa laborer for his board and what money
he could wet, and he aaved every cent As hte
little hoard accumulated be would put it out
at Interest, Joaning it on farrs where he had

worked and the value of which he knew to
a certainty Few men ever eaaw him
spend a oentand none evr saw him take a |
ehance Aa the years rolled by farm titias
came to him, and he hoarded land as he had
hoarded money When the income from his
farms and morteages would have given him

a living much better than that enfoved by his
neighbors, he atill continued to work and te
save Hundreds of acres of aplendid farming
land were hia absolutely and he had morteaes
op many :

In the latter vears of his life thi: strange
man worked less, as he was obliged to devote
more of his time to the collection of rent and
interest At least twice a rear he would start
on hia long trip collecting. always walking,
despite the fact that he had long outlived the
allotted threeseore years and ten Over one
arin he carried a pair of cow!
these he carried his money and securities
At the end of each trip he would come to this
city to deposit his money, for he had none of
the miser’s (istrust of banks

In all these years no man has ever been able
to say that Vietor Williame was not acrnptl-
lously honest. end there was never a shadow
on his integrits He would wrong no man
and ‘vould allow noone to wrong him, andabove
all things he despised a man who wonld not
keep a promise

Victor Williams was born at Poi:
this county, about 8 vears ago
educational advantages and
brig>t At he tan@lt

f Ly aht that he ean.

town
templated Those few

ore

 

t Peninsula,
Hie had some
naturally

 

was
one time
me, and it was tho
a ‘Areer

professional

    

who remember him in those days say that he
was bright in conversution and well dressed
There ts a story, now almost a legend, that
he was disappointed in love, and from that

tin.e his only interest in life waa the accumu
lation of money

GUERIN'S VANISHED DIAMONDS.

Hadger Woman He Accuses of Stealing 83,000
Worth Cauctht In Philadelphia.

 

Emt'y 3
night of Nev ndiced Charies a
Brazilian pedier { jewelry, to accompany
her to a flat at 20 West Thirty-ninth street,
where he was robbed, he says, of $8,500 in dia
ras arrested in Philadelphia
McManus of Ca;

is a'so called Garcia, arrived
nos Ayres via England on Nov
) 4 pon whiel e save, he
opitted te pay duty He ret the MeCartiy
woman iti the street She is io veare old,
feet six un! With Dine eves and &
co en Gierin voke up the neve
luat were gone He was
he streats in bis underctothi

wid acrrested as a linatic
in was found at the home of a sieter
ne street, Philadelphia shets known
to the po'ice asia carticipant in badger rob-
berias = oT MeMan.s soe admitted Juring

Guerin to the reams oaeupied by
Me

erself, her
alleged husband, Tor Carthy, and another
man

 

Cruerin,

rmonds and noney,
yesterday py J etective
Me Chiskv's staff
r Aly

 

true :
here from B
19 with dia

   
  

lar

8 led,
plextor \W
morning

franti

ne,

 

ran

  

   

   

 

 

IN

SLAUGHTERING DEER COLORADO.

Ten of a Party of Utah Mormons Arrested for
Viola ting the Game Laws,

Merken, Col, Dec 2>-Ten of a party of
twenty Utah Mormons were arrested near here
yesterday on a charge of
laws They had six large wasons
loaded with at least 200 carcasses of bucks and
does Twenty-one deer had been killed by one
man alone. The capture was mede at Angora,
and the posse was twice outnumbered by the
One of the Mormons tried to

heavily

party attacked

 

 

  

 

     

 

urge the others to stand their ground and resist
the attack. but they refused and made an effort
to gel away ‘The wardens opened i Thie
caused & paniein the rear gua d of the Mormons
and all of them jumped from their horses ond
surrendered. About ten who were in the lead
escaped
7 tne fer killing deer out of season is @109 |

to At the minimatn fine the cou nd

State will receive @2.000 out of the eopture

The number of « s slaughtered in Colorado
this season is estimated at 6.500, of wi tel tooo
have been slauehtered by white hide hunters

 

LARCHMONT'S PARLOR TROLLEYS.

Conductors Will Wear Black Suits and Stik
Caps—The Cars Are Works of Art.

LARCHMONT, Dec. 2 --The Larchmont

horse cars, which have been running for ter

vears, and put electric in their places
rhe inhabitants of Larchmont have had sich
a deep prejudice against the troll that Presi-
dent ( barles Singer, inorder to propitiate them,

bas bougnt the most expensive cars in the
market for use in the Manor section, which ex-
tends from the New Haven Hatiroad to the
Sound, a distance of about a mile. The new
cars arrived vesterday They are the Crest
ever seen in Westchester eounts Fach car is
veetibuled and all the railings are of polished
brass and nickel, The cushions are six inches
thick and an electric push button is placed at
excl window, so that the passenger can sto
the car without calling the conduetor Is
incandescent lights will illiminate each car
at night, eo that the passengers can see to read
Instead of the regulation uniforms the motor-
nen and conductors will wear black suits and
black ailk caps bound with gold braid

ears

 

,

 

 

Messenger Boy in Jatt for a Lace Theft.
John O'Rourke, 17 years old, was held In
the Jefferson Market police court yesterday

ona charge of stealing several bundrad dollars’, |

worth of black
& Co, of 107 Grand street, by whom he was
employed as a messenger tll Nov 12. He
was at that time Abscharve! for a compara-
tively insi cant theft After his departure
the full exte of his peculations came to light,

 

 

 

Newsboy Stabs a Football Plaver.

Lanoaster, Pa. Dec. 2.-—Willam Miller,
a neweboy, and Herbert Batley, a foothall
plaver, quarrelled last evening in a Columbia
wool room. over five cents which Bailey. owed
Miller, end in his anger Miller stabbed Bailey
three times, one of the wounds in the breast
being of a dangerous character. He was in
the act of strik ng again when disarmed by
bystanders, Ife is in jail awaiting the result
of Balley’a injuries,

Suicide Due to Bad Debts.

Benjamin Greenberg, & clgarmaker, eom-
mitted suicide vesterday morning in his eho:,
at 125 Columbia street drinking carbolie
acid, He was despondent because business
was poor and he wes unable to collect mone
he had lent. dhe man had a wife and a baby
three weels old

Workmen's Federation on the Missoari Pacific.

ATCHISON, Kan., Deo 2. ~The Missourt Pa-
cifle Railway teleeraph operators, at a meet-

    

ine here to-day, unanimonsly indorsed the
proposed = federation wit! tle naveters,
enwineers, flreenen at ther t nen's or-
ganizations ' is ftited thet «© tedera-
tion was likely to be browelt ateom on that
road within a short tiie lelscrup ners from
St Louis, be as (it le rweorth, Origha
and other points on the Missours Pacifle at-
tended the meeting

Will Spend 810,000 ip Organizing Seamen.

A report was made vesterday by Andrew
Furnseth, President of the Atlantic Coast
Seamen's Union, to the efect that his organiza-
tion had spent 8! in organizing
the Armerican searmenon the «.reat Lakes and
85.000 tnore would be s lorg the Athanti
and Pacific « ts A year ago he said there
were only 1000 organ seomenon the Great
Lakes now there are 5.009

 

wn) ast

 

year
ent

Stores, Offices, Lofts, or Property

of #4 descriptionswhether you seek them or have
them to d se of, make use of THE SUN'S adver
tising columns. A SUN reader will alwars be found
A destranic tenant or customer. — Ade.

 

 

by hoarding |

cde boots and in |

school in the |

is McCarthy, who on the |

violating the game |

|

|

|

|
“mi Gan tora

: ee ioints Then he was tfanst
Belloyie 4 poll nm Was sent al

|

Rail- |
way Company will this week abandon its old |

 

Jaces from Bernhard, UNman |

“SNIPESEY” STARK'S LEAP.

| 1-VRAR-OLD, IN DEPIANCE OF A COP.
DIVERS @h Pre’ FROW A ROOF,

Hore of the “Cherry Sweet Terrors’ Now
“Why Didn't Yer Fotler Me?" F Anka
the Policeman While Being Handaged Up.
Ktreat
with

 

 

| He's in the Hospital, but Mappy. for He's the

leader of the “Cherry
tfewne Hoepital to-day

Stark,
lea In Be
bones broken and hie little body from

lohnny

| ‘Terror
aevera

| the tipsof his tees tothe tap of his clean-ehiven,
| round head awathed in bandages Johnny
also in the hands of the police and ia held in the
| hospitela prisoner Not that he cares for that
It isn't the first time by a long shot

mach
that

enem the corner,
Hie name i@ inseribed in manv places in the
blotter of the Madison «treet station, for ainoe
he has been big enough to walk he has been a
sore sources of trouble in the precinct. The
book of “general alarms” at Police Headquarters
| contains hia name equally often

| ‘Johnny ig not unknown at the Gerry so-
| aiets's rooms. Ihe record, In fact, laa bad one,
tndead, bat for ail that he is happy, despite
hia broken bones aud many bruises Ian't
| be a hero in the eyes of ‘de gang?” Didn't
he defy a policeman and, after trying to “brain”
hin with @ stone, jump headiong twenty-five
feet from the roof of one house to another?
Now, if aver emerges fem the hospital
without being a eripple for life he will be a ft
candidate for membership in the “big fellows’
n thelr minds his

Johnny
the

bine-eoarted coy

on

ne

 

f Cherry street, for
qualifies him for the honor:
old He has lived at
when wae net on some

often

eens
feat of yesterday
it
street

| Wo
803
| foraging expedition,
| occurred He wlories tr
and since a year Fe
a cop by dexteronely

vidual'’® lewe, he ios been the leader of the

Cherry. Street Terrors Ile kept the Ter-

| rors in het water by the number of risky ene
'
'
|
|
|
!

niny is

Cherry

yeas

he

wl however
Snipeser®?
trom

imal-

ach,
the tithe of
wher escape

fangeiing up that

 

ter more or less lawless nature he
but that The rest
1@ Ever =it the ‘Ter
yors rd the Mer Muss
have beem deadly ene the
had @ mae

prises of a

fun
anv

was ony

 

carnest eles
ery Street

« On that

 

day
re

    

Jerrors fine ol
tit ste

 

whiel: the Mu urrey

  
  

 

      

 
   
 

   

 

   

  

  

     
 

   
   

      

    

has had dealings with hia areh |

 

THE MAKING OF AN IDFAL CITY.

Sermon of the Kev. Dr. Schaiman at Tempte

   

| CREW TAKEN OFF; CAT LEFT

Meth-el Yesterday WITH THE SKIPPERS CHRISTMAS TUR
The Rev Pr Samuel Schulman, associate ! KEL S ON THE Morea
rabli of Temple Bethel, Fifth avenue and |
Sevanty-eiath street, delivered an addresa on | Olaf Haakonsen Te the Skipper, and Ne and
The Making of an Ideal (it at the morning Hie Norsemen Find Trieode Here The
aefvico yesterday The ideal city, Dr. Sel Steamehip Gibers Took the Stateen On Thete
man aaid, could only come through wood wove Waterlogged tar Sured Too Dom,
ernment, and good government im this city Doe skippers Christi dinner d his cat
needed four important factors for ita aecom-. rede fting ne theourrentofthe GullStream,
plishrmoent Cnaelfeliness in ita citizens, edue | far off th mt af Georgia ' abandoned
cation in civic and official duties, sanite of | t k, the Bolivia The ekipper ia Capt Olaf
method and codreravion of the masses and | Haakonsen of Nerway and be and bis crew of
classes. Dr Sci dnoan aaidin part fourteen men and an boy arrived here vester-
The ery of the intelhaent citizens against | dav aboard tlhe Beleian ateamellp Olbers, from
vice during the past two weeks bas revenied | ragiian porte The Bolivia sailed from
the fact that partisen politics are treacherous | Satula Kiver, Ga, on Friday, Now 23 with a
when applied te elty government Forces. careo of yellow pine liniber for Hull The
which should be united are opposing instead | skipper intended, after dischorging the lumber
of helj ina each rt ro Our g ¥ is cor fr y ted | to mall for hia old home at Tonsberg, and eat
‘ i : e ! he seeftion ¢ the ; 7
fntelligent, “reajes t ible law-abiding Meltine nes | WS Christinas dinner with his family He
there ett intrenched itself @ section of view j took the dinner, in the jormn of four Georgia
which has forced itself upon cur notloe Tt) turkeys and eix chickens, along with him, also
glories in its power, fMaurts itsell into the face | a lot of grain to keep the fowls fat
of the pure and does all this under the very
eve of those who are bound to protect the | On the second day out the old craft ran into

pure and innocent from the criminal

“The Kast Side, which is now econapicnons
with ita vice, is 60 with the connivance of the
officials, It is in an awful etate Its frantio

oall for help must be heeded. Radical remo.
dies are necessary Oureity isn @reatin wealth,
in art, progress, science and edueatior It

contains mans of the elements to make it an

   

   

 

 

 

   
 

   

       
       

 

 

weather, which continued three days
The bark sprang a leak forward and the winde
mill purnp was set going The water gained
on the pump and all hands were put to work
at the other pumps Gale and sea subsided
last Tuesday evening and the purnmps appeared
to be gaining. The jenk becarne worre the next

heavy

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

  
  

        

 

 

 

   

|
| ideal community. It ia wrong te deplore
the wealth, progress pre pe As of the city day and all the crew who were not at the pumpe
Vhere cannot be an ideal city where prime | coe ca lat fe ih Ee wih ; ie
tive methods are employed and k up, Bue} Vo nt into the hold to re ich the lnimber
ealth is always accompanied by the poverty | about the place where the leak was heaviest.
of me one Suecess ulwaye means a des | When the toilers below decks found the leak
| feat for others The v‘itierL reformer must they were unablo to get at it because of the
| be the so a reformer } A feeling t brothers | | inher The water was gusting into the bark
hood, in addition to the strict enforcement | | j . ea hee % ieee
° = I n the nwoewie o i" hydrant
of the sweatshon and the tenements things , ; ; ce eae ,
Hthips abot ! i leer un ms
of the past. I assert that the prominent, the | Bator About hail Ro : D fifteen minutes
ehlef factor in a city [Is good vovernment | j ' ‘ ‘ f ‘ {
apt. Haakonsen ealledail bands att an
te make thy officers righteous’ should be Macon (he “ul ey wal cd to etick by ice as
the battle ery ‘ mit th ani wk ‘ i
aod make an effort to take her into Bermud
Let the facts gathered by the various com- about ‘. iin eatt-northeaat. The an
mittees bet resented ! over the city bw com. voted to try to make Bermuda, bit to set sige
petent and impartial men. A honepartisan | pay oe distress and abandon ship in case th y
movement for the eduention of thea at ld? nt aasinn; ne v
' ' f { ite ° ’ he seen by f passing «raft At night
would be the greatest boon for the y. Yet | they set two red lights in f. mizzen riewte
the education is net alone needed for the | end Gumhed ch ihn atiee Hote A toreh ihade
forel@n element. The strength of the ore | op vakum soaked in paragin The steamship
dinary wardman lies in tie friendship with | Olbers came alon at? o'clock on Thursday
iis constituents, What that friends\hy may Jmerning and Capt. Braithwaite saw the bark’s
be in reality | a poe rreiendt but the Va iia be Haun on her bribing & biis
apparent friendahip is there Thet je vhot ; : \ ning, i
. ' i on the br e to jet the Belivia's 9
the reformer needs -friendship with those he | in iag th at ‘one gw! oo Led ban n Dhaeteen
Would he, There should be no suspicion of | py Olbers steamed within hailing distance
partisanship in the reform movement rhe ird of the bark and the distres eae
party that c¢ nthis one campaign demon were told te reoh thelr own be aid
eT rate ifs unse ness could contre he nation | ) rd 7 rr + 4 . :
. ; : ba ‘ irc he weather was mild and the
a Be, Hex Nels not Det comer ‘ ‘ NE | sen smentt The men were told to horry
sutvering hrotwers and si era, A ory en | and saved little more than what they stood in
unnecessarily tran rled wre and de eved \ rh lett b nd the ship's eat and the chickens
‘ we let it be scidthat it ie our ne «ft of ind turkey
| ely © dut y oc I OD Eas aoe ase Ab mongrel dog called Moses and a
| ¢9 unity 9 arons 1 he hroneme tte pet deg named Pin would not be abane
ef ie od gove m ere i i 1 doned rhe i ed inta the hoat when
| iaaal A “4 Ve ue et a i © | they found that al hag ds were there and ther
j idea! nay Le he. oe ne were talen sheard the Olbere Pin {ds a native
) complish that corms of the of Argentina ana belonged to Capt. Hanakon-
} criminal Industries « to their ‘ester The captato presented Pip and
| rin many men, both «ld and young. Let | gy, }, ri’a boat to Chief Steward Stacharn
' pete oe and eMcieney fr pul P of- | at the Olbors in recoenition of his lind treate
i fielale, et us elinainate polities tn ‘ co ant Gt iba ‘ahinwen : a iy on s
| Department and ran it on the merit system. | fpeh! ot Tle slit a _ Saat po hints
of t yurether f theida ] ty t wari i an ,¢ a, I }
j Let us all work tos r forthe ideal city " Yad be a maniber of the obew
j _ —— w vcd it
| ATTACKED CHRISTIAN SCIENCE. There was only one passenger aboard the
| - peewonapes hers, [es Arnstein of 16 East Seventy-ffth
The Rev, Dr. Hartley Expresses Ils Views a ; © landed in Brooklyn there

terial ‘ ‘ }
Since then, every ft e the two garnet met
here has been a piteled battle and yesterday
afternoon wee one « thee ooon- ions
The battle wns fought in Water street, be-
fween Scar and dae streets Stiesa,
atones and all other avai e {ss)le8 were
the weanpone used ond the folke living around
thera had retired tort ises when Polleeman
| Mecnube of the Mad reet station hove in
\shte He had hear s racket a ble away
| and cane around the corner of Jackson stroet
ij with vengeance for being disturbed tn his eva
} The two crowda seattered Snipese@ Stark,
J who had been in the t et of the fray, ran
j with the rest, but he didn't ao far Having
}had so much experience with policamen, he
| wasn't airald of @ sinuie «ee Instead of get-
, rfeaofthe combatant
id lose to the stoon
| line The } i a him coming and
waited, Johrns antwenty feet. Then
the jurnped tr t,.% ed uy nls
pered blestone Mccabe started for
, ’ vient he n tj his st enet
The \ vit) nd the pei nu
ad tod t The stone
<trv) i“ m who was be the policeman
Lauerd } received only oo giancing blow
‘ e L . er ouct ’ ~
After throwing the stone Johun darted
for the tea t doeorw the pelicemman at |
his heel It { vay was at O%4 Water
t the i im the dar “tuirs
| whis re ayil his pursuer reached
roof ahead of him nined the roof
foor in MeCane’s face when the latter got to
the top and disappeared. When next the
eop y | he 4 standing on the edge of
the reof at aus. \ er stre Next to this
hose (Ss hle, the roof of ich is twenty.
five feet woth toy the fener 1
1 Metabe tl ht he t cornered
and sturte! for th sy" Stood
o elevatics ' tw ove the roof
level, f ’ thy ‘ enont
Sa vited the boo defiantly, “If youse
come near rae Pl
Imo. “to arrest you now, You can’t
nome this time,” the policeman
ne
er are,” returned the boy and

 

facing al t dived of the roof with his hands
in front of him
The policeman ran to the edge of the build-
ing and <1w the youngster vine in a heap on
ar f below Quick as} feet could carry
tin at t cent ferar

rr

uw

thestahlea

  
   
    

in

nde his wav te

 

 

roof, Not ws heard from the bos

when M 1 rried him

to the atraer tr Gove

verneir Hospital ctor

wray pe var ‘ ‘3

leg: ode, i ldn't

tell et how es were brolen Thea

boy didn’t ff complaint, but once
he turned to an

“Sn e le on his dirty face,
dnt +e a

im taker trouveneur Hoapital where

were put around |
rred to
¢ \ e i ne, but

n Pie hov

’ ny

 
 

  
   

 

 

  

t he wanted to Poe ambulance
ir eprison rd but Supt rke
doesn't lieve thet minera should be placed
in i noof the bespital and one of the
tter irtied e bow t ther n par

t |
T tation
’ th ta Viothear. |
ro ' w was hurt but
»% i roorrest
If : don't do something with him,” she
anid t> the reeant. “LTowill If he gofs ont
af thie t's ingtebave hum putin an aevher
Ile has cased me quore worry and trouble
than whole faniils IN) have to do some-
i thing wit! c
! The Terr lid tahe that view of it
Cees ’ ter irer art be er efar?

 

Dat's de best ting ever.”

RUSYRONY LOCKED UP.

Made Trouble in Charch, tna Car, and Finally
tn the Street Then a Cop Got Mir.

Magistrate Denel in the West Side police

court yesterday remanded until to-day a man
who said he was James Hearn of 229 West
Fifty-ninth street Hearn was charged with
disorderly cenduct. In a few hours he had

miade a heap of trouble in all sorts of places
Hearn went early to a ehureh on Krondway
His actions there were so unsatisfactory that

 

 

 

   

 

 

   

he w elector He then bearded a south-
bound cable car get inte en argument with
the conductor and was put of Then he went
te the West Sisty-eighth street police station
}and Dewan to unfold a long tale of woe to Ser-
| geant Wade. The sergeant told him he had
| Petar c slieome and to hed
Hearn stirted out of the station and Rounds-
man MeCallagh went attier him to see if the
advice he hador would be followed
Hearn wont over x ind
the work on the taunt t point
net lonw betere he row with other
bystanders, ‘Then rh arrested ’
Tn court he asseried the air of a inueh iniured
man and told the Mavistrate that he was about
to go back to th police station fo report a

{ death at the tuuned when he was arrested

[NEW LINE FROM DULUTH TO QUEPREC.

Great Northern's Rail and Water Route Com-
pleted First Shipment of Grain,
Qverec, Dec. 1 The rai! and water route
of the Great Northern Railroad between Du-
loth and this city has been completed and the
first crain train was runoverit this week, The
shipped from Duluth and consigned

erain wa
j to Liverpool, The projeetors of the Great
Northern assert that their lina shortens the

| distance for shippers betwoen those two points

The wrain is earried by water

| by 872 miles
ind, thence over the tracks of the

} te Parry Ss

| Canada Atlantic to tts junction with the Great
Northern, by which line it is carried to the
elevat At Quebee

 

Jares MeNaueht of MeNaught & Redding,

 

 

 

 

 

85 Nossan street, Ne York city, who is the

chief promoter of t enterprise, says the new
is assured of a prosperous future Ile

erts ti the toca) business alone of the

t Nerthern in the Province of Queber

" rn oy t eopenses and thved

rees of tt line | rend uns threueh

A wellepopulited and big productive farming

 

eo untr ee hie} ae hereteter

pres

nmopered tr

 

lack of facilities

crops to the large markets

hoe
form

ereatis the

|

|

|

| Injured Retnroing Prom the Davis Funeral,
St Parn, Minn, Dee 2—F BB Kellogg of

    

the law firm of Davis, Kelloge & Severance,
bof which the senior member was the late Sena.
for Coshman KO Davis, was thrown against a
j lvtanpest vcesterday while allghting f 1A
carrnioee on los return from the Davis funeral,
anda cone in the right elbow was fractured

I risoners Made Sick by Escaping Gas,
i PeTESHURG, Va, Dee 2) Early this morning
| Ube prisoners confined in the city jail were neariy
asphyxiated by escaping gus from defective
flues of the furnace. Seven of the prisoners
were made serjousiy ill for several hours. lo-
night they are thought to be out of danger. _

\

 

 

 

 

      

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

  

 

   

 

    

 

 

     

    

 

 

 

 

         

 

 

 

 

fr ,
* friends waiting to receive
Frankty at a Union Service. story of the shinwrecked
the aol "1" 1] ‘ t
The members of the Chriatian Sctentiet cone ‘ Fi \ : a liek i
y : Heakensen, whe idler
aregations on the upper West Side of the city, |: leas or Then they went
of which there are three, one on West Forty. | * lors home at farrell
eighth street, another on West Elghty-seeond r iin de, Aline. at os
re, is Jacobsen ns on
street and the third on Weat 125th street, are i ! found that Tars Lareen, the
very much disturbed by remarks made by the | s\Steeneve Id boy « f the Te livia's crew, was
tev, Dr iird Hartley, pastor of Hore Bape | yoy, : naen ia if “ tte think t! at thes
tist Church, Amsterdam avenue and West lotth | } ' fornder t oe 4 t of
street. It is probable that the Bantist clergy. | t teh pine. Tt is probable he
lor t ‘ { 1 nes te
inan’s attack will be made tl nie of discuss | derelict oF ah t the ne will hit n the WN
; a ive ¢ we Skins
sion at the midweek meetings of the Chrise | pers «hristmmas dinner unless the dinner kills
tian Scientists next Wednesday. The attack | the cat
wiade by the Rey Dr Hartley was duri his | eae
1 aakagivind nor on, at the union services PORTO RICO'S COMMISSIONER
held by Methodist, IP nrerian i -
‘ , le o nt ‘ 2
tts conurer al fis. | fle ne s kinds | Hopes to Be a Delegate Soon--Is a Lawyer and
of evils wht he dar ' ere] tfed to |
flourish in the United Strate and aecerding | Novelint,
wla . he chief evils was ' he | . ; . ‘
to his 4 2 ane ame ch ‘ ove Was the tea Frederick Degetan, ( imissioner from Porto
ne mtere he ri an } ‘
Ite wid that their svsten, was | Rico, who arrived on Satur aboard the
upon Christianity and science, ate shin) San Juan, came to the city vester-
to him surprising that it conld have arisen in! } ! . '
ne of the most intelligent sect \ | ind went to the Imperial Hotel. Ho will
one of the most u lurent secti y .
that of New Fnaliund, and ha ta here n ew davs and then wl'l 2o to Wash-
ters in Boston. That such ful of ingto He ia a lawver and has made several
< dwt from a re handful of fel ers | tit ventur il vels ,
to many thousands thin a very few 4, 7
! ai s and reform,
Dr, Hartley, d clare was & positive diswrace | ype aad that the nat t eof Porto Rico
ithe peonle ountrs was of a higher quaits than it was generally
Seated on the platform from which Dr llart- | e : ito ba by the t ® world ’ Ho pre
levy spoke were the Rev Dr. John Beleom Shaw f the Atertcan and t fish svstems ‘of
of the West hid Presbyterian Chureh, in whieh |g rnmnent to t Fret and nas He
fhe wnion services were being held awed the a hn 2 to be the }  ¢ ; He «slic .
Rev. Dr. P.M tters af Grace Metho= n his little isiand and the first Territorial
dist Chureh. It) is) well known that Dilewat it was the unat S Asplention of
congregations Of these two clergymer ¢ acid Porto | t me Americans
haat re pnmiher have ' : a st Se
quite a large ni whoa mena ted ir is M wyetau thoug
nine cower Cncenan Sclentist tee ‘gs that the deve ‘ ent of the a ' a haan titan
‘orice, wrixed Wit no t! ' ‘
‘ iX Mon 4 i ‘ \ t rlities ' er for the
i leo f mt ‘ + nr \
\ na vis tole n t} e fa = SI wand W P iors H Ss an enthoeia student of
' \ t ft ‘ i
evidently much displeased, for seores of ¢ i . Terug ' > }
ey cent chureh with out waiting bor hense | Hace hice tae I om ¢ ” ’ sp . y — oa Fhe
dieti to be pror need There is ao protae e . i ae t i " iP = a ence
» ty tt t sor ee penaner® © me pet ie epresented Porto Rico at Madrid. He made
ia Scientist co I tion ’ ‘ . of mal eanyvaseain Port 4
church on West) Et@hty-second street will dy , erwhe Y ne mat sh ‘ty +e
tisk the initiative in a protest against the | pan | t He has } certificate of eleetion
a tee Bi at Gham Ahikk A cBernedtiae. BLAUIA from Ga Allen and will precent it to the Seere
a th nk { 1 tor State when he goes to Washington
he appointedtoawsl nthe Baptist ol “yv- |
manand request Alexplanetion of his remars. |
It is said that the maiority the Rev, Dr.) COP FOUGHT THREE AT ONCE.
fart . own congreg itor » hte Chere 7 :
is ed . t! hit "' views hie OX Presse i | 7
are Whi \ wy t Man, Woman and Mantac Attacked Him, and

 

and will stand firmly by hia

 

 

 

 

 

      

 

 

 

 

      

 

 

   

  

 

 

 

   
   

  
   

The Gorham Co., Silversmiths

take pleasure In announcing that, after months
of preparation, their stock of ariicics par-
ticularly suitable for the

HOLIDAY SEASON

is now complete. tn variety, comprohensive-
ness, beauty ond practical utility it will be
found adequate to meet any proferred taste or

special nesd.
Everything

that contributes to personal
comfort, luxuriovs tabie-service, boudoir,
library or office convenience has been con-
sidered, from the smallest inexpensive article
cf every-day use to the beautiful and un-
equalled examples of Grand Prix Hand-
wrought Silver.

GORHAM CoO., Silversmiths

Broadway & 19th St., N.Y.

 

A superb collection of small

RARE ANTIQUE RUGS,

suitable for Holiday Presents, is offered
at greatly reduced prices.

Broadway § 19th Street.

The delightful flavour and unmis-
takable aroma peculiar to

“CANADIAN
CLUB”
WHISKY

especially adapt it to High Balls, as
the addition of water, still or carbon-
ated, does not affect its taste in the
slightest degree, no matter how great
the dilution. Used in cocktails or
other mixed drinks “CANADIAN
CLUB” retains the fragrant and deli-
cious qualities which are pecuiiar to it.

 

       
     
   
       
         
 

————————
vareree Se Sex GSAT NECK TWICE IN JEOPARDY.

 

Porto Rico's Executive Council Praises His

Work tn the Island.
The Executive Council of Porto Rico, at its
session on Novy. 23, adopted the following:

HANDCUPFED TO U. &.
SHAL, TRIES SUICIDE.

BAUER, MAR-

 

Going Back to Bavarta to Re Tried for Parrt-

tesolved That the Executive Council
tender its thanks to the Hon. Andres Crosas cide, Though Once Acquitted—Two Men
andother Porto Ricans, for the portrait of | to Watch Him on the Big Kalscr- Here He
Brig.-Gen George W. Davia, TS A, late Robbed a Priest and Plotted to Break Jail.
Military Governor of Porto Kico, just presented Johann Bauer, who was tried for the murder
At this time, upon the eve of the departure of | of hia father in a village in Bavaria two years

 

Gen, Davis from Porto Ries, it ie oj T
for the couned) to pi wean ith 1 tblic recognise 9889, and acquitted, sailed for Bremen on Tues-
tion of the great service rendered tothe Ungted day in charge of German detectives abourd the

   

 

 

    
 
 

    

mares and Porto n 0 by the inet 7 ay vary North German Lloyd stearnship Kaiser Wilhelm
Cowen rho portrait is sheneetort 2 | der Grosse to atand trial a second tzo8 for the
huge proportions im assimire the funetior crime. He was arrested by Deputy United
7.5 Son eee, and 1 oar ‘ States Marshal Bernhard, who traced him tothe
a peo nnused hi the wave, langune home of Father Melcher, in’ Melrose. Berne
eHstorns of the newer tion, ta whose , hard tound that Bauer had left Pather Melcher
om 1 Pee pom, ne jnore oneras ; res Pe A fhe afterthree robberies had occurred inthe priest's
taken by Gen Davisin ’ L180) With patience — house The fugitive id come to this city and
; and a netive sense of justice, with tolerance was ijiving it ety-sixth street ternhard

 

|
}
|
|

 

wrote a registered letter to Bauer and aceome

 

and streverh, posses ed o eo

al ast KOM
t IMies, combi

af the history of the We ned ,
With an industry which never flagged, and a qitied the postman who delivered it. Whea
conselence cmowin Davisexe-  Baner declared his identity and put out his

hiity alone,
cuted his task with wisdo i impartiality,
reflecting honor upon his country and hinnsell

*t

hand to receive th
! teuff over the Bavarian’s wrist and t

letter the marshal sipped
d him

    

His course secured the confidence and trus hande
of the peot ywillever that his counsel that he was wanted at Ludlow street Jail
and i } be ae & u eu Awaiting extradition proceedings Bauer made
Ti selfish « deration emselye fort re t ti) 1 wre
Tho council therefore accepts the portrait with | M’veralefforts to escape tron. the jail, He wrote
sclal picasure ‘ toa man who had helped bins to pawn some of
eapecial pleasur the stuff he had «telen froma Father Melcher

spose him
lowered Into
! of a house

and told the man that he
and have him arrested rnless
a pool in the jail vard trom the

   

FOOTBALL MEN TALK RELIGION.

 

 

  

    

 

 

 
      

 

   
  

iaining ain tight a tine atee
Old Members of Yale, Cornet! and Princeton fr cad Ae ea Aide ko Git cin eres
Teame at ¥. M.C. A. Meeting. cell lhe Jetter was interce; ted, and
ns etoon Baue
A large number of young men were attracted _ 26 yet od wtaccording to the con-
to the meeting at the Young Men’s Christian  feseion of fis yvounwer + roade recently
Association in West Fifty-seventh street Haver killed his tather with oan iron bar by
veaterdiy ftern ' Hie eatin ' etriking him on the baek of the head. He
| yesterday: atternoor Ww the announcement forced ts sister te belp him carry the body to
, that representatives from the Yale, Princeton a field and bury it, ana by threatening her with
and Cornell football teams would make ad. death he made her keep ler knowledge of the
dresses the chaimean of the meet a crime secret Aiter lus aequttal he came to
Dr. David Bovaird, Ir, who was end no New York He said often in the jail thas be
the Princeton teain of ‘oa The speakers were would jall hinoeell, and when he was taken to
Howard Richards, half baek on the Yale tes the -teuneiip te declared that he would pever
list) vear Charlie” Young, Cornell's erack return to Germany alive
rier buck lor several vears, and Hk voetortto throw himself unde
Reier Piineeton'’s veteran half back The lhe ow at e. car woe Bernhar
men did not atterapt oratory, but thelr forces v ! 1 ACTOS foput bim aboar
sincerity. and tical common sonse seenied — t t The ma Uo was handeuff
fo make @ deep impressior A quartet trom to his prieoner, who dracwed him several feet
Nusurgia society, led by Clarence Smock, and both nearly fell in tront of the car, The
furnished mis Dr. Bovaird in opening the , marshals id cont, Envelbart of the bie Kafser
meeting said that the “Phou shalt not” Chrise | that Rauer eurely vw Phill hiroeelf if he were
tinnity was ancient, and was succeeded by the not closely watched Two men were put
“Thon shalt We must not have a negative into the room with the prisoner and two mere
Christianity,” he said i evelt Hobson and | were stationed outside the door The vigil
Wheeler, who have addressed these meetings, | Capt, Enelebart said, would be kept up until
| are fl men of action they are Living examplea | the. Kaiser arrived in Rremer, The captal
that it is offen more important to do than not) said he wonld be responsible for the life
to do’ Raner until he was taken off the ship

(nad 2 | He Contured All Phree,
SUN DIAL FOR GRACE cuuren. | Policeman O'Donnell was colled early vestere
on day morning toarrest Mieheel Cleary of 88 King
The Gift of a Woman Parishtoner, and Ie Now | street, a loveshor O had been showing
in Place in the Church Yard. | signs of violent insanity While walting with
A woman paris! ioner of Grace Prniecopal ! ' nerf the petrol waeon O'Donnell wae
Church has just presented to the rector, the | attecked by Patrick Ring and Ellen Brandon
Rev. Dr. William R. Huntineton, for the parish, | Who live in the neighboring houses They
a gift which is somewhat out of the common, | & @ i that Clerry was their friend, and that
in the shape of a sun dial, and it has been set thes d sew that he “g¢ 7 shake " For
. haskell ge eer wea elie eained lew ! t orb ell had : nes full
up within a fe. days directly fn front of the ! gy, ane vn helpinat te ket? interest
rectory door in the vard, on Broadway, near | ed the afiair so well
hast Tenth street The dial reata on isa ‘ wine rrived there were
about three feet in heigrat, woleh isn ! ane ny vi @ tor it
two stone pinnacles of the chureh as it was ts ee the Market
originally built, half a centurv ago, the vray bolee rite hit hail for trial
stone beima darkened with age nd exposure or < ron f interfe ne with a pollcemar
to the el ents The ow n Was eid or examin ! od
The disk itself, whieh is of polished brass, Jeary is sent to Bellevue for examination as
is about twelve inches in diameter, with the | to lus sanity
figures denoting the hours and the onemon | Pan nee
emsonom ally ninced in ae a - wo o | UNION M. BE. CHURCH DEDICATED.
shadow cur " es pon s we, thus —
revealing to the traveller the time of day " ’
In addition to the usual fleures, which astrony. Its Membership Is Made Up of Two Disbanded
mers of ancient times placed on sun d is, Willlamsbure Congregations
this new one in the yard of Grace rectory bears " ee a ia ; ; .
the following Latin inseripttor The new Union Methodist Episcopal Church
} at Conselyea and Leonard strvets, Willams
oo burs, of whieh the Kev William P. Estes is the
mihi @rat
Fae Tal Br aeme pastor, was dedicated yesterda The church
Siste, Vietor, society W organized about three sears ago
Gratis ag from. member the old Powers Street and
Leonard street Methodist churel both of
\
These words when translated mean Light | whieh disbanded the church in Powers street
is for je grace, grace ts for thee light AuUse ws sold Whe mard street
Passer and offer thant Thea f torn dewn and t edilfee ded
the inseription, it will be seen, made play | erected on its «it It eost $o0,000
on the word “Gratia’ or “Grace the ne | lhe morning s was presided
of the church itself A few curious podes- | ewer by the ie gomery, the
trians have already espied the sun dial from | Presiding bider v Buckley,
the street and have mace their way into the! editor of the CArisfien Advocate, delivered the
inclosure that they might examine It more | sermon
closely A sun dial fs an unusual object to | there was a leymen's meeting in the after-
the eves of New Yorkersot the present day } neor twhich Mr Jobo To Searles, President
Another rece;,t gift to Grace Church is a) of the Breckivn Chure), Society, presided and
drinking fountain of white stone, which has | pyade an addres At the ening sercloe the |
been placed at the street railing in fromtotthe | Presiding Lider, the Key Dr. Mont omery
chantry The fountain has been set balf | prenebed The exercises will be o hued
within and half without the railing, a portion | nightly during the week and close Friguy
of the fence having been removed to give it - “a

ettlly de

 

place It is waned, in harmony

}
with the architecture of the chureh

Che Best

is always the cheapest
though not always the high- |
est priced. The

Masons. Hamlin
PIANOS

have no superiors in respect
to quality and excel all |
others in respect to value.
Catalogues on request.

Warerooms, 3 and 5 West 18th St.
Near Fifth Avenue

 

Semt-Centenntal of St. Wark's, Brookiva,
In celebration of the semi-eentennial of St,
Mark's Church in) Adelphi street, Brooklyn,

   

there will be special services for the next three
Sundays Next Sunday, the Rew William T
Fiteh, who was reetor of St. Mark's from psaq

» IST, Lpreach and will alse deliver an ad-
dres Mir, bite and the Dey Dr Worner of
st tar Chore the only clorgymen now
living an Br ho Were its the diocese at
the titne « is OFeiZation thirty-two vears
aco Mr. Fitelh islover 70 vears of awe, but ie
erali im diane ' ister at
Gra Church, 1 Sponeer
S. Koche is the pr Mark 5.

 

Laying of a Church Cornerstone.

The cornerstone of the new Roman Catholic

  

 

 

Church of the Guardian Anvel was laid at Ocean
Park war ine avenue, Coney Island,
yesterday ur-Greneral McNamara
rre d and was assisted by the Kev. Fathers
ile ner, Bropt John Collen of Philadeiphia,
ind his brether, the R dares Cullen, who

Ht be the rector of the new church. The

building will cost about $40,000

To Read “The Sun's’ Real Eatate News

and tabular forme of dally transactions ts t be better
posted in this direction than those who rely on so-
called Keal Fstate mediums, where the effort but par-
Wally covers the ground —Adr.

 

Eigin Watchee.

Whether in the railroad mans pocket
or in the jewel casket of my lady's boudoir
—everywhere and under every — condition
Elgins are accurate in time telling, long lived,
durable.

Recognized as the World's Standard,
they come in every size and at prices to suit
the buyer's purse.

i‘ull Ruby Jeweled.

All jewelers sell Elgin Watches.

Booklet free on request.

ELGIN NATIONAL WATCH C0., Elgin,

a 8

D

YQ

q

ae

ee

pe ae

me

_

cee

a