eee

i;
’
i
A:
|
|
b
t
:
iD
f
|
1
:
. |
1
}
at
+
»
a

Day Ds nad .
>
3S © oe

ie,
4!
5 P
y S
| -
;
fy
}
f
;
¥
%
*7
}
4h
Re
.

‘

“

 

The war Sun.

 

MIOONTIHAY peeve ' i
heer pions be Mab, Portoatd
pa eMort aono
Whi yo “on
BINIIA . a0
bal \ so
pat 0
i t
7 ‘
pant e ‘ Hotel a
¥ r
, t ernie ‘pee
poet “te err i , he
mune ’ “a
hh New Vetoes in the Conn
Thy fifary repre -entatyve fth ft reo
Powers 1 (hin Day learned '
whi U will presently dropart to ther
respective Governinents wil Wot
pressivetiess it is that not ome of thet
ean afford to fo to war wit rdapoan, The
military expeditions wha went side by
side from the sea to | kin afforded
fo competent observers an extraerdi-
nary opportunity for omparative studs
of their reletive standards of efleiency,
and bo concealment is made of the fact
thet the Japanese surpassed ill the rest
It \ » atortiing and a serious rey
elation, a the effect of it will be inevitably
made manifest on the near future Japans
voice will be heard in’ the world cout
and ita influence will be as weighty as that
of any Power at the board
Phere will be no more Port Arthur epi-
aodes, nor ruthiess dictation in Corea, Were
the concluding seenes of the Japanese and
Chinese War to be gone again they
would be reeasi in a rent mould

i these four

What Japan tas aceotnplished f

years is the marvel of the ceutury, but to
apprehend fully irs nature and signifleance
one shonid have been with the allies on the
road to Pekin, “‘ Russia,"’ said one of the

foremost military men of the day, spoaking
the Forbidden City, Russia
with Japan, and for the mat-

to another it
wants no row
ter of that neither do any of us!

Fifty-sixth Congress and the

Fifttyv-citghth,
The second session of the Fifty-sixth
jay with the Republican
of both Legislative

The

Congress begina to
party in full control
branches and of the Executive Department
also, This state of things will last through
two more regular sessions, and perhaps
gome oxtra sessions, untll March 4, 1993,

Whether it will last after that date de-
pends much upon the thoroughness with
which the Republican gentlemen getting lo-
gether this forenoon at Washington, and
next Congress, ap-
preciate the responsibility that goes with
almost unrestricted political power and a
pretty full Treasury.

their successors in the

 

For inatance, what about that proposed |
River and Harbor appropriation bill of}

What about
next three

twent-five millions or more?
the pork barrel during the
months?

The Chinese Problem still Unsolved.

The demands upon which the foreign
Mini-ters at Pekin are said to have agreed
have not been officially published, but the
known. Some of

substance of them its

them are reasonable enoigh, but others
are impracticable. We learn with satis- |
faction that our Government has pro-

tested against certain exactions, and that ,

M. pe Grons, the Czar's representative in
China, insists upon a modification of the
punishment and indemnity clases.
There {9 no objection to the provision
that Chinashall erecta monument to Baron
von KerteLer on the site where he was
murdered, and send an Imperial Prince to
Germany to convey an apology. It ts
obvious, however, that like amends should
be made for the assasaination of a member

of the Japanese lecation, and we are not |

surprised that the Tokio Government re-
quires the insertion of a stipulation to that
effect. A promise on China's part that,
{n future, all offictals failing to avert anti-
foreign outrages within their furisdiction
shall be dismissed and punished would,
doubtless, be an effective guarantee, pro-
vided the promise should be kept; but we
ean have no assurance that an anti-foreign

party may not again acquire dangerous |
Indeed,

ascendency at the Imperiai Court,
representatives of that party still seem to
have the Emperor and the Empress Regent

in their power
An agreement that the provinctal ex-

aminations of applicants fur the civil ser- |
vice shall be suspended for five years in|

all provinces where outrages have oo-
curred would, undoubtedly, if carried out,
have the effect of arraying public opinion
against the repetition of such «utrages
The Imperial auth rities, however, might
evade the agreement by allowing the na-
tives of one province, temporarily
prived of the educational machinery, to

de-

pass examinations in another. For ex-
emplary purposes, however, it may he
well to imposes requirements calculated |

to affect public opinion, even if exact com-
pliance with them cannot be relied upon
As for the proposed prohibition of the im
portation of arms and war materials, we
repeat what we have previously sald, that
smuggling cannot be prevented, and that,

even if it could, China could import ex-
pert artificers and manufacture — per-
fected arms in her own arsenals. The

substitution of a single Foreign Minister |

for the present Tsung-li-Yamen, or Boor
of Foreign Affairs, would, unquestionably,
facilitate diplomatic tntercourse, and there
seems to be no reason why foreign Am
bassadors should not have
person of Emperor) KWanaesv, should

Coes to the

he resume hia functions, and, meanwhile, |

to that of the Eropress Regent On
last occasion when Ambassadors
received, the Emperor and the Fr
Regent were both present, but, fir
than two years, the former has heen merel:
a figurehead

the
were
ipre
more

 

 

We come to the demand that permanent
guards shall be maintained at the le, 4
in Pekin, and, also, at various
on the line of communication between
Pekin and the sea. Such precautions, of
course, will be useless, should the Chine
Court refuse to reside any loner at Pel
The Court, naturall,, will not regard +}

     
 

elty as a desirable capital, if it is stripped
of its defences and exposed to easy aye
proach from the sea. On the other han
for the treaty Powers to dictate a place
of residence would be incompatible with
a show of respect for the dignity and in-
dependence of the reigning dynasty. ‘To

prescribe for the Chinese Imperial authori-

ties a fixed place of residence, and to desig-
wate} for that purpose a city

garrisoned!

by foreia@n troops, who minht he quickl

re@nforeed from the would he

aeacont

 

practical tantamount trentinw then
a oprlacner 1) ' ernie
it aeif wool ree t ‘ f veer
rreneee that ' @ '
i. itele ' ' i
' oe few) . nf
t) 1 ‘ ‘ ner
! wh ‘ ne
’ jaw
4' \ |
MIope Gt ' te
na ! ' ' rr i
re " t f \\
{ att) { ater
have ’
| ne rr
ue lew ' ‘ he ‘
ha itldownt met
bie Mints .
i | ow
! i) \
{ \ | ,
! is a i
ati ge ’ ‘ 1 to }
‘ eaty Powers ul that}
( wey ey ae nsst Inote eed ehina’s
} eat ali to teort the Our
State Department and the St. Petersbury
I £ fice are at one in) describing
is iinpra lermand tha ‘
leath penalt os i f! “i upon efeve
es and 9 is, ineluding cer \
DEFSO nos istody the Imperia
tho are KNOW t t such a opr
a il ma Che fit 1 tiitigts !
te is that 1 nia ' wheve that
is put torwal + th
If it t that Geermany insists upen
nel wou the tb of those ¢ \
to capita shment the naine of Gen
Tus t HIStana eon ler of the
Mmait = now 4 tect yt kr %
Regent, w an only fer uethe Berlin
Gos t t decty top w th % ’
a rue snd f } { ea iinite soe
lution of the Chinese probiern

The Difference.

A treaty negotinted with Ni aragua or
Costa Rica concerning the ultimate control
of an interoeeanic canal to be built, owned
and operated by the United states would be
| consonant with the Monroe Doctrine,

Neither would that Doctrine be violated
| nor would national self-respect be injured
by any arranvement which our Executive
and Senate might find it advantageous to
conclude with these Central American re-
publies about the relation which we, as
owners of the canal, sha! sustain to them
as sovereigna of the territory.
Such a treaty, provided it recognizes no
{ right on the part of any European power to
supervise or restrict ourrelations with Nica-
ragua and Costa Rica in regard to the eanal,
roe Doctrine as a prin-

 

strengthens the M
ciple binding our
On the other hand any treaty whieh ad-
mits Great Britain, Franee, Germany, Rus-
sia or any other Luropean power to joint
| control with ourselves of a canal across
Central American territory not only weak-
ens the Monroe Doctrine; it bills it
Such a treaty is the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty. The nominal contro! by the United
States, that is to say, the regulation aud
management of the canal under joint guar-
antee and supervision, signifies nothing.
That sortof ‘control’ isa phrase and not
acondition. Itis the control of anagent, a
eubordinate, a subject, not a sovereign.
The Monroe Doctrine was enunciated by |
President Monror in his annual message to |
Congress on Deoember 2, 1823, Seventy- |
| seven years later it is on (rial for its life in
the Senate of the United states
Better that there should be no istumlan
' canal for the next ten years, or for the |
| next fifty years, than that Monree
| Doctrine should go forever

lcles

 

the

a |

The Changed Army Hill.

The changes made by the House Military |

Committee in the Army bill prepared by
| Secretary Root, as indicated in our Wash-
ington despatches on Saturday morning,
| were not expected, and should not be mack
| Practically the only portion of the bill
| that has not been altered is that referring

to the increase of the ariny; the parts deal-
ling with promotion of Volunteer officers
| and the reorganization of the stall have
been changed completely, so that as re
‘garda those subjects the bill will be
valueless,

While the increase of the army fs the
most pressing subject in the bill, the re-
organization of the “ staff departinents ”
jis of only Irae {mportance. As we said on
| Friday, there is no real staf? in our army
! The“ staff departments ” are in law merely
“military bureaus of the War Denart-
ment,” and their work, with the exeeption

of that of the Inspector-Generals De
| partment, could be done quite oa well by

civilians. Secretary RKoort's
attempt to create an act
ariny; and in it he seemed to admit that
oMcers of the “ militafy bureaus” had

plan was

al sta? for tl

vested righta, which he respected care
fully. No offtcer in those bureaus would
| have heen avected unfavorably by tha
bill's provisions, and the power for good
of which In the future of the army would

have been very grea’

Von Charsrwitz, an accepted auth
gava: * The
convert thet teas of (he Goneral «
not only by «

ops, but, far more,

intended to
yiniand-

onveying the

general staT is
ng into orders,
former to thotr
ing out all necessary nh
' This definition of a
eurate in what re

ittera

general or

 

{a accepie! as ar

 

 

fous sten: Of malitary bureaus fol-
low We have eleven such) bureaus,
aut ! lent of the others, the w
f ene ally distinet: from ut of all
the of Orders wre .

through othe Adjutar enera (

fumiess thy {} ire cons

ls ingeon-eenera ends then if Jamns

jare wan wy awion ! t

f Quartermasters Department, if ear
} hatster ) tent w

thy the ' saterr }

| wades the s the Ordnance Depa

\ ment provi the harness, ity

wagons Lvery burean ' ” t

| work or J ft) re i
the resultet pers ion ‘ .

jain eormpernis ‘ minations, reug the

, bureaus aa yj ‘ re t rd
or tiresome work of the ne ‘ nt
ments are for | ne ar nie 1%
en mnaffect promotion, no dist povishod
ability can belo it the of ‘ Py
boreaus form a caste by thersely« aie ’
the army easte, with no inducerjens
special work or professional advan @

' tt is this state of afairs that Mr. hiers

bill was intended to change with coinplete

 

rezard to the conditions of Hfle toqure
" r which the present burean co cjcers
hal gaiged their posts, but wih as

' 000 bales,

| SO as to bring it

rity, |

complete raapeet for the needa of a modern

ary in future appointments mM ata

departments have ehown ther swer
in Washington before thie, bat qever more
t} mnot do ao forever, how
ot be able to retard
ont fern he
‘ i
| { the a
f ' ! |
' ' ‘ i
! '* “ heen
‘ ha i smay |
i ware ‘ i
\ ' provoke miu
uw Mae ane
n 4 ‘ rr t
' \ , “e imtoo
oe nit ore r promotion
i .
Yee vinte cetw
( the a tho reorganising
‘ would babel
“ hie regain
' ‘ { te
i if he needed ineredse
' " yarded,

Cotton,

Phe course of the cotton market has so

far justified the prediction made in Tur
sis met sao that the price of that
staple, inimans ways one of the most im-

erican products, during the
resent season would range upon a level
nsiderably lugher than that of the aver-
ined by eotton for many
Yeats past
Ihe quotation for middling upland cot-

toninour loca uket hasforsome mouths |
neighborhood of 10 cents a

szainst a range of from 7% to 8

heen in the

pound, as.
‘

ents in 1800, and from 5), to 64, cents in
iesandise7. Infact, cotton has not main
tained hich a price level for so long a
time since I8%o, when it sold at about 10
cents a pound for a considerable period,

he cause of this increase of price fs
ppiv of cotton which the world
has on hand. While this shortage is not
gO wreat as it was some months ago, the
total vi-ible supply of cotton in the world |
ia now 5,903,150 bales, as against 4,072,205
bales on this date laat year, nearly 6,000,000
bales in 1808 and considerably over 4,000,000 |
bales in 1807, The cotton market, indeed,
at present, seems to be in @ prettyevenly |
balanced condition of supply and demand, |
aud there seems to be no immediate like-
Mhood of any very great rise or of any very |
arent fall from the present figure. The !
amount of cotton of the present orop brought
into sight up to and including the last day |
of November was 4,705,708 bales, as against
4,507,007 bales last year. The erop last
year amounted to 9,400,000 bales, and as |
the the cotton season |
which have already elapsed are those tn |
Which cotton moves most rapidly to mar-
ket and the movement has had the stimulus
of a bigh price, it grows more probable,
that the cotton crop of this season will not
be very greatly in excess of that of last |
year, Indeed, few well-informed persons
{In the cotton trade estimate the ourrent |
yield of cotton as anything more than 10,000, - |
Mr. ELLISON, Who ts the world’s |
greatest statistical authority on the com
sumption of cotton, says that the world’s
requirements of American cotton in the
present season will be 10,380,000 bales,
and it is admitted that less cotton was oar-
ried over from last year at the beginning
of the present season than has been known
in a very long time
These figures, taken alone, would seem
to justify a much higher price for cotton

 

 

three months of

|
‘even than that which now prevails, at

bad weather in the South or any influences
tating to damage or shorten the crop |
down considerably below |
the 10,000,0°-bale figure word un loubtedly
bring about these higher pricesinshort order, |
On the other hand, these conditions have |
long been Known and have had their 4
|
'
i

| fluence {tn the cotton trade and upon the

price of the article. Therefore, there ex-
{sta very little “short” interest In cotton,
that is to say, contracts outstanding for
the delivery of cotton which require at
some time or other the purchase of actual
cotton {In order that they may bo fulfilled,
Moreover, the high price of the article has
worked its inevitable result of decreasing
consumption,
The English exporta of cotton cloths
decraased 18 per cent. for October as com-
pared with the same month last year, and |
decreased over 38 per cent. for cotton goods, |
The takings of Northern spinners in this
country for consumption are now about |
259,000 bales less than the amount taken
last year, ‘The cotton manufaeturing busi-
nesa is undoubtedly better here juat now
than ft isin Europe, and there is no doubt |
that in Europe it is declining, Thece con.

 

 

| winter

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

siderations will offset in a very constdera-
bie desree the searcitvy of raw cotton and |
pr nt thefamine pricesforit which might |
very probably arise otherwiae, |
The Dogs, Hogs and VPhiloloptions, |
The question of the origin and mean-
Ing and true roof the good word
*st'boy,” Stubboy,” “Stebor,”” “ Stibei’
and we cannot step te count how many
other variations ntinues to engage the |
attention of the enlightened segment of
mirnt ! | Crete this word ‘Is
many-nal nd many-eiticd,”” and Homen |
was not bern in t so many places. All!
dows are bark t theseundof it and rine |
ning at their onmrry A‘) lyse are ywrunt- |
ing at it All anti-imperial leagrues are
clicking i It ist ing as universal |
is the oa sai To us it gives pleasure |
' wis it shows by the muttitude of the
ters Which it brings the wideness of |
the world pl wand for th
hi tt ’ t! hip read
ad the ‘ eling for matter f the!
n
Out of t freasu at nwe
must fhe conte to pick but a Where
many a f \ Washington scholar tells
13 t the halloo of “stiboi'' te a hur
ce / oe the Cipeae Tibwos '
rmath ] i Sor Les, kicmian
! ters fat iointhe clos
] 1 bie nto show that
| ts woe nding, We will pass
ver i plur ms t} hi
. 1 ty t i ' ’ ,
epi’ 84 ’ r heard he city of
the
1 yidey quotes Dven-
so
41 e the
1 Pree. |
‘ res ' enators—who
i b ry
e dt ad miss |
‘ f ! » e J i
en |
Per) aps EMEUSON was little inclined to |
be pedantic or affected in lis distinetion,
Hawi ror THoneat would have pre-
ferred 4 ler form, we think, and even |

 

ould not say “ Hist-a- ;

  

 

demonstration on the arrival there of
steamship Australia, completing the first voy-

of cocoanuta,

| cor flelds and work for afew days.

boy! In setting on the doga of anti-impert-
Alien in the Springfield Hepublican

A Hedford Dark correspondent senda us
shape

hope for tha” aubbey

if | were dow and ) were a hog, atooting
LL) f ward 4 the 'd man eheould @ay
hint Twould Mite very

lea i¢ try rheme datiog baci « Great

wort meaneour modern | de 'em

aul ts hoy net etubtes

! try Dereat ‘

ves equal convietion that
athe yennine form

has the interjection

joes ae a command of en

ntogiven toa doe in eetting him after a

eworl *a. @& very common one

then ieing (Fast Con

the way deseribed In the

rd Mhhethe v

{ , ¢ v lee
Way ' a

; We miiat be mistaken about
histeasboy, for Mr do Tf Crarrorp of

Won bor t rou nN EMERSON'S part of

ne snd fom child te
with this form of tbe «
dog, he Sta rd thet wary has the verb ‘hist,’
urge on by making a
nd as, tohetadoge’ The at’ which you
your correspondents use in the abbreviation
“st'boy' seems rather ty bea mineed form of this ‘hist,
ardifso, wesuould write for ‘utst-a-hog.' ‘'st-a-boy’ or
st boy. and not’ 'st'boy. Asa ery of incitement or
command, the verb hist’ would also appear to have
Its [ntransitive as well as its tromelilve use."

Roys in the Concord Pale must have been
rather unusually learned and patient. Who
but the dictionary makers ever heard of
“histing’ a dog? The verb ‘'histe"’ has
its merits, but not in the sense of ‘ st'boy.”’
Ono more quotation and the agony ts over
for the moment:

“Is not ‘st’ toy,’ ‘soo boy.’ ‘stub boy,’ or how-
ever it t# spelled a contraction of ‘stop It boy?’
Those rf your correspondents, then, who have, appar-
ently never heard ‘stob boy’ areas correct as far
as they g as those wlio have never heard ‘‘e the boy '
—but one is ao expression of disapproval and the
other of praise. QOonsequentiy on account of thelr
great similarity of sound they could hardly be used
together, and this would account for the disagree-
ment shown by these eminent gentlemen.”

Well, well, we will atop, boy, for the
present. The name fs many, but the end {s

ty dethoes lo

one. By whatever name the Marquis of

EsMOND chooses to be called, it is an honor

to meet him.

The Boston Authors’ Club ft thinking of

marking with tablets the birthplaces of New
England authors. The idea ts sound, but the
modern school should not be forgotten for the
eake of the ancient lights. Let the birth-
places of ARLO BaTss, CepHas O. TIDD, Ros-
ERT (RANT and OPHELJA ALICIa HUGoINs—
to mention a few of a brilliant list—be duly

honored.

 

The people of Tahiti made a eons
a

age under a contract with the French Govern-
ment which provides for a round trip to Ban
Francisco every thirty-three days. On her

second voyaze the steamship brought to San

Franoisoo 1.805 cases of ;ineapples, 100 crates
7 oases of cocoanut ofl, 678,551
pounds of copra, 60 oases of vanilla, 1,060
bunches of bananas and 80 cases of limes,

Thus ts exemplified the advantage to France
of subsidizing a steamship line from one of her
colonies to this country. The question arises
why, if {t is wise for Franoe, remote from the
trade concerned, to subsidine ahipe for carrying
goods to this country, it would not be much
wiser for the United States to secure that trade
for our own ships by adopting a similar polioy.

 

JEARY Sruepson has moved into Missourl.—De-
epatch.

Now bleeding Kansas bleods as she never
bled before and the folks are wearing weeds
on the wild Neosho shore. They wall in Osa
watomie, they weep in Pottawatomie, the
sighing and the sobbing drown the Crooked's
awful roar, There is rending of locks, for
the Sockless packs his socks and will live in
poor old Kansas no moré, alas, no more! We
shal! nevermore be metry, for we have lost our
Jerry, and thrice fortunate Missourt will
never restore our Sockless SocraTRs where-
fore with tears and these poor sorrow songs
our Jenny we ever shall deplore.—"The Sun-
flower Offering.”

 

 

We learn from the “entertainments” ool-
umns of the Minneapolls Tribune that Mr.
RicnarD Le GaLLiennt “is @ man of great
genius.” The assertion shows that the gifted
viaitor has a great genius for writing his own
“advance notices.”

 

In almost every rallroad station between the
Misstssipri River and the Rocky Mountains
notices have been posted during the last three
months offerng high wages for track handa,
At ?2a day {: was {npos-tble to get a supply of
thischeanest erad sof manuallabor, One reason
was that it wos easy, in Nebraska especially, to
make from $2 5910 $5.50 a day shucking corn.
Many clerks got leaves of absence to go into the
Now the
wacesof railrond laborers in that region have
risen from $2 to $2 59 with board, and the chances

 

| arethat the figures may go somewhat higher,

forthera'lr ads can get faw men to go into
the mountains, where the work fa severe in
It is only tive years since the President
of one of the creat Western railroads sald freely
in private conversation that the time was com-
ing wi hnadeenlde when the day laborer, es-
pecially the railroad day laborer, would be
cetiing 9) cents a day and would be glad
even of that. The great advance fin the
wiges (f day laborers and the mistaken views
of ore of the great directors of labor in this
ntry serve toempha-ize the fallacy of the
that the workingman is not getting a

Next to the Western farmer, who
is making from 75 to 100 percent. clear profit
on what he produces, the manu l laborer seens
the most prosperous Individual
In work on Western railroads his
Few

e
nesertior

fair ahare

to be about
In the ‘and
wages have gone up fully 100 per cent
otber callings ean -how snelia record

aver MoS WETMORE will not
Herald

\In pashes the ske with
een as the Orinoco broods su-
les; aye, e’en as heaven

As an octopus et
be a nese
Thenasan Andesorar

preme amid his solits

 

 

 

rs iia spaces of a million years,

ist ‘he reach of peers: ao mighty

Most no rival knows: the Octopus seea him

nd gone Prom Anr. SINKENZOOPER's “ Mis-

scour) Wortt .

Tt is nt untike'y thit Col. Bayan parted

| through inadvertence with the cane which vas

presente | to liom by the Rew. Mr Sommer of

| v's Latheran Church in Brooklyn as

the resiit a ootinae contest held at a church

far Sepember. This cane has been tound

{a barin« Brow'’way sa'oon, During

‘ tea: align tor the Presiden -y

eooy do seors. of eanes, and during the

t vd eonthat cam:sien and his eacond

tr - | ‘ try asa Presidential can-

' great catisfietion in ex.

' wt lect » callers at his home,

Infoctlat ivt tdwith truthofCol Brray

' t » was defea ed for the Presi.

1 toseonres geat collection

ie fhe intination, therefore, that he

erat inted wilh a cane presented to

' i i ire Cell in Brooklyn, and

as out headdit onal di-eourtesy of gtv-

. he cane to a saloon keeper, is not
founded up na reasonatle probability

a eee

How Hoosters Hallon at tiogs,

To v8 J rOR OF THE SuN-Sie: The ex-
perience of s Spartanburg correspondent with
reference to the term used in hog driving accords
with my own, ac red on the banks of the Wabaeb
fifiy pearsog ‘ealways sald "Su bop!’ Tnewer
heard of “-Uhboy! untll a week or two ago, and

olihough I saw ft in THE SUN, I ssid atonee: “Is
fon'tsa.” 43.RC
New Vouk, Dee 1,

 

at have been familiar |
wsused tu seton Al

KS

Ree

FIVIAV DTS DRAPERATION,

Wo the Vinlendere againat the
nal privileges at the
erfroent entering
tl ‘ the

The etrrieule
curtailment «ft nar
hand a j
ona hew pl ‘ ter rer pene
eomt ' rit f honed i
hoely « t) at me Pompere i!
the cv t eanant rs f the nett
to the re ‘yy retort the F

Nihal) Conetytuet og ehioh Pant hore

enta

yet the

Giovernor of t pote in wht plaint

the Poatate emned the e ernmentol
ept tt

ae tha

measure
Were made fue f apectal petitions
f the Cy

of Hlegality, be
defining

ite tf

Suet a petituer tie ars
ady leer represent in net
while
untied

te
dey

ennse th tatete the Diet
the order i oh the Petates +
ind in certain

wedrinds tion, dot

local ments

lewial ution
of nanewm feowive ther
‘

tpate in the generat rule os
the per

any right to porte
the country This facet of
wonting of a petition which had not
introduction of any speetal measure, showed,
according to the Cvar's advisers, that the sald
étatutes are boperfect, and therefore the Fin-
nish Senate should be invited to start a re-
vision of tho statutes of the Diet with the view
of defining more atrictly the competence of
the Diet and the tinprovement of the order of
ite working

The reply of the Finnish Diet to the Ovar
has not yet been given, and is the subject of
much anxtous daliberation among the respon-
tible leaders of the people. The hope of the
Finlanders appears to be that if they can pre-
serve their present national freedom and main-
tain thelr unity of action in opposition to the
absolutist tendencies of the present Governor
General of Finland unttl the progressive ele-
ments in Russia get the upper hand, then Fin-
land may be saved. That has been the hope
of the Finlandera from the beginning of the
present struggle with Russian Govern-
ment, but it does not appear to havea very
Substantial basis

While the Finlanders have, no doubt, much
weight In the argumenta they advance for the
purpose of gaining public srmpathy, it has
to be acknowledged that their cause is not
without {ts weak points, for which alse they
have themselves largely to blame. One tnei-
dent {a described by a Russian writer in sym-
pathy with the Finlandera, and given as a rea-
eon why it was resolved that Finland should
be brought under direct Imperial control.
Some few years ago, when the relations be-
tween Russia and Fngland became somewhat
strained, it was decided to strengthen the for-
tifcations of Cronstadt. The cost was esti-
mated at half a million of rmibles, and as the
local granite ie of inferior quality, arrange-
ments were made with Finnish contractors
who had a large quantity ready on hand. When,
however, it came to the exportation of the
atone, the Governor of the Province of Nuland,
a Finlander of course, would not permit of ita
removal, as, he aaid, it bad been contracted
for and wae required for road making in his
Provinoe. The Russian War Office said nothing
at the time, and the extra coat of the work in
consequence was 300,000 rubles, making it
800,000 in all. When the affair was reported
to the Czar it decided the question of turning
Finland into a Russian province; and in order
that the work might be carried out to a suc-
cessful conclusion, M. Plehve, one of the ableat
among the (Czar’s present Ministers, was
selected to be Secretary of State for Finland.

M. Plehve discovered two pointe at which
the Finnish régime might be successfully
assailed. These were the land quastion and
the Judicial system. The northeastern part
of Finland is peopled by the Karela, a Finniah
tribe, and all the tribesmen are landless. The
administration of Justice, on the other hand,
isin an archaic condition. The whole expense
of the preliminary {nveetigation of a case,
whether civil or criminal, the calling of wit-
nesses included, has to be borne by the plain-
tuff or prosecutor. In this way justice is praw
tieally put out of the reach of the poorer classes,
The working people of the towns are also far
from being altogether satisfied with the ten-
dendes of the governing classes. Having
found the rifts in the Finnish social system, M.
Plehve resolved to drive home the wedges with
which he means to disrupt Finnteh society
and place it at his mercy, and {if the leaders
of the Finnish people do not parry the danger
by making concessions that will satisfy them,
ft may be too late,

It {8 A question whether {t is not already
too late. As by taking the part of the peasants
against the noblesin Poland, the Russian Gov-
ernment broke the power of the latter, so it is
preparing to repeat its stroke of policy in Fin
land by availing itself of the elamenta of dis-
integration which the Intense conservatism
of the ruling classes in Finland has evolved to
their own undoing

ihhegatity,

the

 

—
Statement by a Member of the Alimony Clab.

TO THE EpITOR oF THR SUN~Sr: The All-
mony Club, so-valle¢, which !s numerteally very
strong, having members living or existing tn all
parts of the world, is now using the county Jalis ex-
tensively as club Its meetings are profoundly
deliberative and Genera'ly occupy a period of from
three to six months

As yet the club bas received litte favorable reeogn!-
ton from the courts those august bodies having
thus far generally held tte members tn contempt, of
which they hon: tn time entirely to purge themselves
they urge, however, thatth* contempt was and ts tn
many Instances entire y unmerited.

The club differs from other organizations tn that
membership ts offen involuntary, uotoward clreum
stances having Imposed that pena't
rts and cor ditions of men, but
m tegarding involuntary
and ouect its cardinal obe
terislation favorable t) those
ty mi f 40d fimaneld rever
yo ula te helpeven the lve,

t is certat

 
  

It is made up of 4
ite unanimity of couviet
membership is compl
jects will be to secure
members v ho

 

  

una ideble peo it
well as life ttoett thailn. Its !
reater whe ‘ b mar T cont ropt that
ie is prevented from pr ng thet very support
alimony ordered at on eanier per
In th eat the , e « aking +
your p ad rth ! eourt ha
vertenily ass sted What almost approaches black
mail
Vhe aforesaid tnember's first wife remarried about
four years , t reeeited roe dy ’
children lhed cr et t aft A sroatatbor
years. Ife Orematre 1 recently, gu re
cerses | Vas compelled to cefault int
payror
Phe hhustanad « firet uife, +
aisted on ting dinate aeiion t
amoun! due
Hot pay th his preset wif
tieans tn ber Mate W
her hustthond be eliep ner
TAMIR bet x vee?
tothe poorte’ th
rooms fa one ftbe
and ishs ne very teily
BROOKLYN. Tee)

To THRE boro rye srs Sit: Your eco
respondent, “One Who Memembers.’ refers to the

 

 

   
      

      
   

Motiner x Case,

Jury's verdict asso ‘ns ting and povle as
suggest to ma
part of ile

It seems to the
reasonable and inecnsister
Ibs

inds 1 enant intenton

prose outing Attorne

sucha deci:

veiter tinat

ation is un

 

 

    

    

 

liere Was atrial perior
clas. of citizens, wit at j «wh a veral
weeks close ationt io tM ar Tesetied
ql ended " ret ¢ s t
Attorney S ples Was based cnecidene: wh
siuered trong of . { hut
a dit '

1 ‘ ii !
new Ape! utr W 1 wel
eve Oa net e '
yiove
a 1 Yor ae |

\ Ready-Made Town
Prom thet aq Recora

GRINNELL, da, Nov ue Ate wn
in Monroe count sti) begin i Oris
miorres Phe town a wit ‘
but to-morrow loans Uses Will bee ij
and tier ! j nervy Will be run
full «wine ! oe NOUS the opening
the new « fields, 1 cn bate just been dis-
covered at tiiat pu and which will be oper:
ated by the Consolidated al Con pany lhe
new field is one of the richest in jowa The

vein is over six feet thick The majority «!
pe _ citizens of the town come from Mucha-

_—

v treated |

THE SIGNAL CONPA IN 1900,
The report of Hea on Creety, Chief Menai

PLATHOUAR MADR OF A RARN.
Mgenutty of a Anburhan Property Crwner Btim

THE SUN, MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1900.

 

 

Officer of the Anos. on the operations of wlated hy a Demand for tomes
the cerns! corp during the year Juet ended t+ Ont in Rarennea, Nod. a tian hae suet An
An hocount of the doinan of the “nervesof the |! tahed conetrieting an attra lng
riny haceilent work hae been doneby to «| fathones for two fapriilies out of an ‘
in more parte of the world than ever! taonioned barn, tHe hea nirened sed 6
he that dene in China below eapecta | anf the two flata (tf containe ar niticte
rerite ain Gen Greely a view, (hough ol king a handeome profit out of a hithey
f i prone hour branes ' peropert dey
\\ meriean expedition from Maniia to 1 ia nolghbore are looking at their barne
ceeont at fretone ater and Afteen men sith a view to imitation, and there are lkele
ef enalCorpe the number was irotea ‘ he f fT harna and more fate soon in that
Inter ¢ v offtcors and twenty-five men all | partionian part of Bavonne ont er aubus
fel ihe cetaet nt took A Wasen Wh It banite nder sinvilar eonditiona may find tt
from Maria, wineh was “commandeered” in | profitable te take a hint
Ching, ao the men had the prospeet of putting Bayonne, whioh ones was a fashionable
clegrapn line of 180 miles witho @ having » pesident ‘“hurh, where the houses were bg
any transportation Gen Chaffee’s chief signal | ones, but on tie plota with bor a beaide them
cfMeer, Leut. Stanford, managed to get trans | which looked from the outaide like ainaller
portation, however, and by hard work kept the | editions of the hones thames Ives, has become
tel xraph line een with the advance, Gen | not «9 fashionable eines the Standard Oil Come
+ Greely says of this feat wnye and ad Hoeot per eon panties,
fhese operat oos entatled not only marching as satnisite Aan Slnethvag ' ” pal it any Ave hav
fa-tasthe army ond thee nstructionof @ telegraph | etalile Hows Phe bia Noreen, ori ar thea,
live equal tn length to the dally marches but also ¢ vu Viile the smaiior houses gif
the establishment of telegraph stations at sight, | A thier a ') them and crowd the
ther dl omantiing inthe morning and the despateh of | ait tie ah 1 : popu nS eee

in view thes

tel @rats during a considerabie partof the night
For ten days ata time the detaciment had to work

| without eseort or avy protection.

|
|
|
|
|
|

|
'

|

' old half-

ten thatt ifs no ice
i class « 4 only be led ta do |
| their duty thr ( theronwh understanding
of their motives and iracter, and it is just
Sas iim that le ist hinve ier 00)
eats With a Mareh bare, as . ie " a sree
who eats with the devil They can be bro ent i

| in sev L

Two days behind our Sgnal Corps waa the
Dearest forelen telecraphie force the Japanese
Sig al Corps detacnment, All telegraphic re-
portso' advance: operations of the allied forces
passed over our line; and it wa. over that, with
{tas ation in the house ocoupied by Mr. Conger,
that the oMfletals of all the countries represented
in (hina had to telegraph for some days. It
seems that our Signal Corps p ople didn't leave
much for other Signal Corps to do.

In the Philippines the work has been as
arduous asin China Major Thompson “per-
fornied the feat, deemed impossible, of acoom-
pitsiment, of keeping |.awton in daily com-
munication with the comu.anding General in
Manila,” as the former made his forced march
through eastern Luzon ayearago. During the

year endiag covered by the report the corps |

bu It 6,278 miles of telegraph, laud lines and
cables, an average of twelve miles a day for
every day Inthe year, andon June 80 there were
in operation 8,007 miles of ‘elegrapns and cables,
with 606 offices, of which 801 connected directly
with the headquariers of the commanding
General 'n Monila. In their fleld work our
signal oMlcers have made several interesting
electrical experiments: among others they
operated for a week a land line thirty miles
long with naked wire laid on the ground—a
notable feat, in Gan. Greeiv’s opinion.

“‘Althoueh the Signal Corpse is called @ non-
combatant corps,” says the Chief Sigua! Officer,
“sorvice therein is extra hasardous when the
corps is eMfciently handled in the field, as is
shown by records of the past year in the Philip-
pines, where its percentage of strictly war
casualties, killed, wounded and captured, far
exoeeds that of the army asa whole.” The
entire percentage is 6.7; that is, 17 men
out of 803 in eervice have been killed, wounded
or captured. The loss by disease, on the other
hand, fs less than the service average—a fact
which illustrates the intelligence of the men of
the corps.

Gep Greely says that the work now required
of the Signal Corps will call for {ts enlargement,
and recommends that the commissioned
atrength be fixed at one Brigadier-General, two
Colonela, three Lieutenant-Colonels, four
Majora, «nd fourteen Captains, and the same
number of Fir-t Lieutenants. The enlisted
strength he would place at ten companies of
sixty men, half of them sergeants, with a smal!
non-commissioned staff. The company organi-
zation, though not provided for by law, has
been found of great value in the Philippines.
In ume of war the companies would be raised
to a strength of ninety men. At present the
entire enlisted force consists of Regulars, but
forty-one of the fifty-two officers are Volun-
teers, There ia no Signal officer in the United
States west of Washington. D.C.

The publio confidence in Gen. Greely is very
great, and it is probable that his recommenda-
tions will have great weight in the preparation
of the Army bill. The work of the corps de-
mnands recognition, and the strength suggested
by the Chief Signal Officer does not seem too
great, {n view of the arnount of labor thrown on
{te members in the United States,Cuba Alaska,
Porto Rico, the Philippines and China.

New York's Too Many Non-Voters.

To Tre Eprror or THe Scn—Sir; I have
made a comparison of the vote of New York,
all boroughs inclusive, with that of other cities,
and find the ratio of vote to population con-
siderably below the average. If that of Chi-
cago be considered normal, then the vote of
New York fell short no leas than 115,000. There
is evidently here a large class of men who never
cast thelr ballots

If this vote can be renched and held, I think
we shall see the last days of Tammany Hal!
I well remember a parallel case. During the

 

first election of Lincoln all eyes were turned |
There |

to Pennsylvania as the pivotal State
were in Philadelphia some 25,000 Quakers who
never exercised the franchise, and the great
question of the day was how to get that vote
out. The song, “When the Quakers come
out Old Abe will go in,’ was sung everywhere

| In the final event the Quakers came out to a

man and Abraham Lincoln was elected
Tf a printed list of these non-voters could
be made up from the census reports, compared
with the last registry lists, this would be a basis
for work. If some of those who habitually
refrain from voting were invited to state, in
the press,thelr reasons for ao doing, this would
also be an nce Thoroughly organ-
ized Tammany must be metby an equally
thorough organization of those who believe
as earnestly in honor and honesty as Tame
does fn rascality and robbery. The
reanized inethods must be abandoned
siness let it never be forgot-

Gasist

many

in this kind of

    

out, ever: man, af we labor haf as strene
ts we did with the Quakers

STERLING SMItu

with them

46 Prant Sr, Now 40

 

 

 

 

 

  

    

the everestend
for thetoselyves ;
hotises are ¢

he Totes toust have homes

thor fasilies, so the ble
pee eet or torn down and smaller

The man with the acecommodatt
| A house anda big lot with vin the distrint obese
j Srnail houses for workers were in demand,
| His own house wasn't big enough wo depreciate
' in value because factories were built withip
A mile or ao of it. and he waan't ecared out by
'
|
|
|

 

 

the factories, for he didn’t mind seal

lots he had increase in value on account of
their proximity to thriving {ndustries.
since trolley cars carried him about muc
fa:ter than horses used to, he regretted the oom-
parative usclesaness of his barn and the b
ee of land he had which wastn’t any p

© him, and the idea struck him of moving the

 

t
| barn forward to the road and maki:
! of it, It was one of the solidly Path nofat
joned barns, more than fifty feet deep, auch as
are rarely boilt nowadays, and the architect he
suggested the acheme to improved on tl oaree
nal plan by making ita flathouse. The work
was begun a mont oand has just n
shed. It hag cost the owner consi

oon Ae bot ing 4 new erucnize of the

and his sused barn we 8

net for him a tidy annual income, —_

 

 

 

Measures of the Louisiana Health Beard te
Keep Them From Bringtng the Plague.

From the St. Loute Glode- Democrat.

NEw ORLEANS, Nov. 16,—Ever since @&e
dreaded bubonio plague made {ts appearance
the cause of its epread and means to prevend
infection from it has been the study of eclentifie
men all over the world. One theory bas been
tolerably thoroughly established, and thts %
that the ordinary ship rat has been and ls the
chief factor in the spread of the tnfection.

When the disease made its appearance tp
Honolulu, and while efforts were being made
to stamp it out, this fact was recognized, and
strict m were employed to guard against
the er of rata from
bli least pret ating

ow, e nfion o e

nited States ts directed to the Peek 29

razil, where the disease has been reported.
Our close commercia]) relations with tha
country, particularly in the importation
great quantities of coffee, make an abeolataly
sioee Spafentine against the porte almost an

mpossLh r

To devise and put tn force aa oare-
ful disinfection, Rie You jane eS of
flealth to-day promulgated re, te @
ering the unloading of coffee ehips from the
suspected South American porta, which,
most from first to last, are aimed againet the
rat. The board proceeded, fn fram e
rules, on the theory that the rat fami 7. ”
medium of infection from plague-strioken
porta most to be feared, and these are the
ulations which were evolved as a result of is

theory:
Coffee ships from Infected rts
thoroughly disinfected at the suaren e a

tion, and detained there five da be
disinfected on the fourth day The soesel
may then come to the city and anchor 100 fe
from the wharf, it being calculated that a ra
whioh tried to swim this distance would .
After daylight the vassel may be ha a
to within not less than forty-five feet of her
| wharf ly means of hawsera, each of which
shall be provided with a system of metal fune
nels and disks, to prevent the passageof rats
‘These funnels must be of tin, zinc or galvan-
ized tron, with a diameter of not leas thi
twenty inches, and must have sharp
edges, and must be hinred, to permit of close
| adaptation to the haw-ers The metal disks
must be of the same material, and must aleo
be filted with sharp edges) When within
forty-five feet of the wharf, the regulations
provide that stagings shall be placed, acro:
which the unloading must be done. While
unloading {s going on the regulations provide
that “men with sheteuns” shall watoh t
atagings and holds for rats, and shall kiN al
rats on sight. The inan in charwe must also
“keap men with shotguns In skiffs on ead
side of the vessel,” lest the unfortunate ant
| mala should attempt to escape by Jumping
! overboard Not later than sunset each da
| the hawsers must he hauled on board fa
t

 

 

the ves! drow off to her anchorage.

| The rules significantly state that “rubber
gloves shall be used in handling dead rate,”
and that “dead rats shall be cremated *

The secretary cf the beard was to-day bi iy
engaged in seeing the agents of coffee shire
and securing ther acouiescence in the rege

| lations. It is provided that all the expenses
| of the querantine are to be borne by the veasel,

The rules are effective at once. Their pube

| lication this afternoon caused a great deal of
comment, especially the portions referring

to rats, which cansed as much laughter as

| critlelsm. The board, save that the rat ls the
most dangerous foctor in the spread of the
plague, and that rnlese the rules are complied
with the importation of coffee must stop.

 

Active Service for Retired OMcers,

To THE Fritor or THe Scn—Sir: Your
; editortal commenting upon that part of the
report of the Chief of the Bureau of Naviga-
| tion relating to the detail of officers on the re-
tired Hat for certain active duties has merits
that must be reeegnized by many officers on

| the active list as well as on the retired Met.
| The amendment to the Naval Appropriation
| hill last winter provided that for the period
| of twelve years “any officer on the retired List
' may, on his own opplication, be ordered to
| such duty as he mav be able to perform at sea
or on shore, and while s0 emploved shall re
eeive the pay and allowances of an officer on
the active list.” You say that very few officers
; have returned to active duty under it, and that
it will not attract the older men, sinee it makes
them juniors to men to whom thev were sen-
tors, Itia true that few officers have returned
' to active duty under the provision, but it {a not
because of the fact of their juniority; on the

contrary, there have heen many applications
filed by retired officers and only three were
ordered to dut perhaps, that the
retired offfcers ically competent
fo

It is true,

robe

are pot

 

 
 
  

    

 

 

 

 

  

rseeadut ’, bute vers loree number are avatl
Jobony's Good Fight With a Wolf, ble for shore t ich as inspection, sure
a a / ver and recruiting duties, at the naval stations,
j the Licllas Morning News  cuperintending 4 supervising the fite
| Waco, Tes, Not John Word, a colored | ng out and re traf shins and other duties
bov, wired 15, slen volf witeh “as in the ac in the tna : nd ot works where con.
th nea pet yp le, the property of the boy's | tracts are being filed Tt is the fact that at
The Words are tenants on land below ; the various naval st Comyn. have
river Jane Word, the | been made t There ore too few officers for
% Nes at a spring and , the yriy tor e nave, and that pe
y feet from the won ti ive t led th the Nawy Depart-
busn, when the hig lobo appeared pment for ‘ ‘cers which could be
‘ nd ! he litth dow The colored | ¥ andrdtat tet of the retired officers
‘ ed the well, but was driven tak | butt wy Nioers for duty and
1 ¢ r ' have remained un
{ of} other and seizing oe
soot the tfouhia 4 1 r that 1 ollide to above that
‘ ' auning which the boy was | retired off \ réered to dnty, is prade
{ } " Tae hatehet in the | tie ares fT the law that was poe
Tu ‘ proving too mueh for the 1 ion Mor STS, Up to whieh time ra.
‘ e well) dota Word was paid es | tired oftteers were emnloved on slere duty,
kin Wherot the land as en | to tie good inter ets of the serviee and withont
wieder of the services he rendered | int san) greater hardships upon the aetive
heofa pest When the pen: | « or Re vihep.
' hat the poodle had been | how 20, 1909
tual "ten ty ew a
= SurpriveAll
Were a Straw tat the Year Arouna | ' —
’ ° Prom the Nanas (uv /
I nthe memnati Enquirer ! It cf c ty , }
eter ; : ive) and @ pire " youn
at » Vins Ind, Nev *~% Capt Wo } lawyer, his wile, and a ehut ine’ eee
ore ‘ racter «f southera [th ! ! ' ! Ye * the
} ti “4 is Me | shure | ehut “ to give } his fa surprise
‘ i i was ia pens pwarts it mf 1s) the oden
eral erat ‘ the ' lhe } rao owas
i s fitere CCivil War, Pentind of uptown during the eventue and
L i n, | tt iv Beopl ertled fdence
; r\ nt} Then they turred the tar ' 1 kect
; liarities of wipe | stall nit with @
m ! ‘ th
; “ ' tr wer erred ned rack
er \e suInMer he « he | livht PA ‘ ’ nm
Weartiar fo ti rerin ned Straw treat Capt ‘ ‘ sta a ae to % end
‘ ped Wiis epublican, then a Demeocrar his ne ; ' hana
1a greent nd Wist f Pope FP ¢ i “ tplece
48? Cal wn he was an arde . ' - ‘
ane he nardent « | Wav he yelled I'd like to know who
. _ _ inh landd Nation left that hair out
here again?"
Delaware's Datr. aaa onpifllastalienanesc ad
From the Brooktyn Eagle The Dignified Frogs of Corea.
Mr. Addicks publicly announces that he ts going From the Baltir ;
t) be Senator from Delaware tn January. H ' " ‘ ai hues in
Bn Braccrs mays ‘ y e may F rogs in Corea do not hop or sun p. They
Wenif Money CAN Secure the plac, yet there Isa large | Walk like well-ordered anisials, quiet |y plach «
na growing contingent in Delaware that would | 8G foot after another until they arrive at ie
1 ther @> without money than to handle that of Ad- gae . ney Slee cnn ene 7. SG.
dicks. He is. a pubiie aMiction, Reser 10 has always seen the frog of A ca

aT NN Wee air Ee Aa one ee Rene Terre

;