—~— =. =e

 

oo

VOL. LYXIL—XO. 210,

 

SAYS HYDE WASTED FONDS.

ATTORNEY-GENERAL ASKED TO
SUE EQUITABLE LIFE.

 

 

Brackett Files Petition Alieging That
the Company's Money Has Been Spent
for Mr. Hyde’s Private Uses—Cites
Costeme Bali—Sehif! Accused Also.

ALBANY, March 28.—Senator Edgar T.
Brackett of Saratoga, on his own behalf
and in behalf of several clients, has peti-
tioned Attorney-General Mayer to take
such action as Mr. Mayer may deem proper
against the Equitable Life Assurance So-
ciety, James H. Hyde, Jacob H. Schiff and
such other officers as Mr. Mayer may de-
cide to join as defendants. The appli-
cante are Mary 8. Young, for whom Senator
Brackett already has begun a suit to force a
division of the surplus funda of the society;
Charies P. Penfield, Edward Pearsall,
Michael E, McTigue, James L. Scott and
Fdgar T. Brackett of Saratoga; Robert 0.
Bascom of Fort Edward and Eugene L.
Ashley of Glens Falls.

Mary S. Young in her petilion says that
en Feb. 7, 1901, she purchased two $1,000
policies from the society and on June 3,
1901, another policy for $500. Each of these
policies provides for the delivery to her
at the end of twenty years of a gold bondof
the soaiéty, payable in twenty years from
date with 6 per cent. interest. Mrs. Young
in her petition goes on to recite that the
society bas a capital stock of $100,000, of
which she owns one share.

The charter of the company provides
that ite insurance business shall be on the
mutual plan, that the stock shal! receive 7
per cent. and that the surplus earnings
of the company shall be accumulative.
From this statement she says that the
stockholders and policyholders together
own the entire corporate asects of the so-
ciety, and that, without attempting to
define their rights as against each other,
she herself possesses the rights and in-
tereste of both a policyholder and a stock-
holder.

Charles 8. Penfield, Edward 8S. Pearsall
end the other signers of the petition all
testify that they are policyholders of the
society. Senator Brackett holds policies
amounting to $2,000 upon bis own life.

It is recited in the petition that the charter
of the society provides for the election of
fifty-two directors, which board at any
time may provide that the holders of
policies amounting to more than $5,000
may bave the right of voting for
the directors. This right has never been
granted. The society, according to the
petition, has assets of more t ban $400,000,000
and a surplus of more than $80,000,000.
James H. Hyde controls a majority of the
capital stock.

The petition continues as follows: “That
eaid James Hyde ia a young man about
28 years of ago and is the vice-president of
eaid society. Ho has had no extended ex-
perience in business, either life insurance or
other, nor has he rendered services of any

value to the society, notwithstanding which

he has taken from the treasury of the so-
clety during the several years last paat
large sums of money under the following
conditions:

“Said Hyde has frequently extravagantly
entertained persons to whom he was de-
sirous of giving social attentions, and has

taken the expense of said enter-
tainments from the treasury of said society
on the claim that such entertainment bene-
fited said society by advertising it, and
that therefore such expense should be
paid by it;an instance of such practice
being the entertainment of M. Cambon,
fate Minister from France to the United
States.”

Another instance of the wrongful use
of funds, according to the petition, was
the costume ball given by Mr. Hyde at
Sherry’s last January, which cost as much
es $100,000. Complaint is also made that
Mr. Hyde spends much time eech year in
Paris, “and there gives social entertain-
ments, and the expense thereof and of his
travelling from Paris to New York and
return, his expenses of living in Paris, have
been wrongfully charged to said society and
wrongfully taken from its treasury.”

It is agseerted in the petition that Mr.
Hyde has been able to do these things be-
cause of his ability to elect the board of
directors, a majority of which has been
subservient to him. The charter requires |

that each director shall own five shares | tracta.

of stock. The petition asserts that Mr.
Hyde or some member of his family has been
in the habit of transferring this stock to |
directors who immediately after their elec-
tion have reassigned the stock to Mr. Hyde,
together with the power of attorney.

“The affairs of eaid society have been
administered and controlled by ae |
dummy directors,” the petition says, “and |
through them by said Hyde, who by reason
of such control has been able to do the
wrongful and illegal acts berein and here-
tofore specified.”

Jacob H. Schiff, the petition says, has
teen a director for several years, during
which time he has been a partner in the
firm of Kuhn, Loeb & Co. This firm has
sold more than $5,000,000 worth of bonds
and other securities to the society and has |
received large sums in the way of com-
missions in which Mr. Schiff as a member
of the firm has received a share in express
violation of the statutes. The sum re-
ceived by Mr. Schiff and his firm, the peti-
tioners say, should be recovered by the
society and Mr. Schiff should be removed
and disqualified from holding the office of
director in any insurance company of the
Btate.

The petitioners assert that officers of the
society, through gross mismanagement of
the funds, have made many hundreds of
thousands of dollars. It is asserted that
the society purchased a large block of stock
in the American Deposit and Loan Com-
pany, now the Equitable Trust Company, at
$500 a share, though the stock was not
worth more than $150 a share, which was
all that the officials of the society who were
in control of the Trust company paid for it.
Through this transaction, the petition says,
the funds of the society were depleted to
the extent of $1,826,000, and the officials of
the society who control the trust company
made $2,000,000 or more.

It is aleo asserted that the funds of the
company have been used in “reckless specu-
lation for the benefit of some of the officers
thereof,” but no details of this are given.

In view of these allegations, the petition
asks the Attorney-General to compel the
restoration of funds that have been wasted,
end to obtain an injunction restraining
further waste. and to remove Mr. Hyde
pennigpneneadapeeea prea RR LTTE

There ls Gnty @ne Empire State Express

sepharure maces asm

 

 

|

 

|
z
2
5

   

_ *NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY,

 

ARMOUR OFFICIAL 1. INFLUENCED
WITNESSES, IT 18 CHARGED.

 

Bench Warrant issued by United States
Judge Sanborn for Gen. Supt. Connors
After Indietment by Grand Jury—On
Trall of Alleged Clearing House.

Cu10a00, Mares 28.—Thomas J. Connors, |
general superintendent of Armour & Co.,
was arrested to-night at his residence,
$124 Michigan avenue, on a bench warrant
issued by Judge Sanborn, charging him
with contriving corruptly to influence
and intimidate witnesses who are expected
to give testimony before the Fodera! Grand
Jury in the Beef Trust investigation.

When confronted by Deputy United
States Marshal Thomas Currier, who read
the warrant to him, Mr. Connors was visibly
affected and requested that every effort
be made to avoid publicity. When he was
told that he would have to go to the United
States District Court room at once, Mr.
Connors telephoned the counsel for
Armour & Co. Alfred R. Urion and Edward
Tilden hastened to the Connora residence
and all three accompanied the deputy
marshal to the Monadnock Building, where
Judge Sanborn was awaiting them.

Here Assistant Attorney-General O. E.
Pagin and District Attorney Charlies B.
Morrison were on hand. All proceeded to
the district court room, where Judge San-
born fixed the bond at $5,000. Mr. Urion
and Mr. Tilden signed the bond. Mr. Con-
nors was then released.

Mr. Connors declined to discuss the mat-
ter, but he was much perturbed over the
turn affairs have taken with the Grand
Jury investigation.

In the indictment returned by the Federal
Grand Jury Mr. Connors is charged with
trying to influence Mr. Shields to testify
before the Grand Jury favorably to Armour
& Co. and not to testify fully on behalf of
the United States; that he unlawfully dis-
cussed with Shields matters pertaining to
the inquiry and suggested that Shields
should refuse and neglect to tell all he
knew concerning matters and violations
of law; that he unlawfully and corruptly
endeavored to influence divers other of
the many witnesses in attendance upon
the Grand Jury, but whose names are to
the grand jurors as yet unknown.

Anonymous letters have been received
by the Grand Jurors investigating the al-
leged Beef Trust, according to questions
asked of L. M. Bylea, private secretary of
Edward Morris, of Nelson Morris & Co.
Mr. Byles was summoned before the jury
and asked if he knew of any combination |
to restrain trade in the beef business. He
answered “No,” and then he says the jurors
asked him if he was the person who had
been writing anonymous letters to the
members of the Grand Jury. He denied it.

“They asked me about the anonymous
letters several times,” said Mr. Byles, after

“Would you swear that the facts alleged
in the petition are not true?” Mr. Wheat
asked.

“Well, no,” om Alexander said. “As I
said before, I prefor not to make any state-
ments one way or another until I have had
an opportunity to think the matter over
and get come advice about it.”

Mr. Wheat says he called later in the
day, but thet Mr. Alexander still refused
to commit himself aa to the truth or faleity
of the statements.

TO PASS CITY WATER BILL.

MecCieltan’s Plan to Go Through, Plus a
State Commisaden.

AvBany, March 28.—Gov.
night declared he thought that the ties
lem of New York's water supply was likely
to be solved speedily, as the divergent in-
terests were pretty near an agreement.
The settlement would involve the passage
of a bill for a State water commission to su-
pervise the acts of the municipal! authorities.
He did not think it possible that a com-
mission whose members were of high stand-
ing and who were appointed for the purpose
of aiding New York would do other than
act with all the speed consistent with the
grevity of the problem to be solved.

Gov. Higgins further declared that as
far as he knew the spirit and object of the
McClellan bill he believed it to be a com-
mendable measure.

This afternoon the Governor met the
representatives of Ulster, Dutchess, Putnam
and Westchester counties and Assistant
Corporation Counse! Charlies L. Guy. Judge
A. T. Clearwater and 8, D, Coykendal) of
Kingston were also present at the con-
ference. The representatives of Putnam
and Westchester were satisfied with the
revised bill drawn by Mr. Guy, w gives
them all the necessary protection, but J. T.
Smith of Dutchess said that New York
city should go to the Hudson for its supply.

At the outaet Gov. Higgins indicated that
something must be done to relieve New
York city and that he was not in favor of a
a State commission as an alternative, but
as a companion proposition to. Mayor
McClellan's bill Mr. Guy offered to con-
fine New York city to one reservoir in the
Esopus watershed, and for the firat time
Judge Clearwater did not reject the propo-
sition. .

It is expected that within a short time the
McClellan water bill will be passed. As-
semblyman Agnew's State Water Commis-
sion bill is to be passed, but no amended as

 

 

a i

to provide that the acte of the State Water | he had finished testifying. “Yes, and the
Commission shall be reviewable by the ll have ordered . %
BROMO. COU ne en ee.

Ployees of the National Packing Company,
and the first women witnesses to report
to the Grand Jury, responded to subpoenas
to-day. Evidence is expected from the
stenographers relative to the functions of |
the National Packing Company, which |
is alleged ta have been @.dlearing house

for the trust and from ité offices in the

Rookery Building to have sent out letters

ee litaameneteintenct-ammacapan
ARREST BORDERLINE LEE AGAIN.

He's Legally Mad in Jersey, Legally Sane
Here—Writes More Letters.

William J. Tee, formerly proprietor of |
the Phenix Iron Company in Trenton, N. J.,
who is legally sane in New York State but
insane in New Jersey, was arrested again
last night, this time at the Mount Morris
Hotel, at 2396 Third avenue, on the com-
plaint of Judge Garrett B. W. Vroom of the
Court of Errors and Appeals at Trenton.
Judge Vroom says that Lee has been writing
letters threatening him with bodily harm.
He called District Attorney Jerome's at-
tention to the matter q day or two ago,
and last night detectives from the Central

Office located Lee in Harlem. They took
him up to the East 126th street station on a

 

showing the purchase and gale prices for
stock buyers and salesmen for all the “Big
Five” packers.

 

USURER'S COURT-MARTIAL,

Testimony Against Y Capt. lewts, U. ®. A.,
the Borrower, Is Closed.

The court-martial of C Edson A

Lewis of the Eighteenth Infantry, on the

charge that he retained pay vouchers be-

aaree of insanity.

Lee has been arrested several times for | longing to Louis Silverman, a money lender,
threaten the lives of New Jersey State | was completed yesterday before a trial
officials. was adjudged insane in New | gourt, under Col. G. G. Greenough, in the
Jersey in 1903 and tted to an asylum. Buil The urt will bmi
He escaped from the State asylum in New Amy ding. oo will submit
Jersey twice, each time took ref its findings, with the testimony, to Gen.
this city, where he —— himeel Wade at Governors Island in a few days.
writing letters to the eer & truste and after his review of the case the papers

oan cocasional | wi! be sent to Washington. It wae im-

possible to learn yesterday what evidence

mad house was the result of a conspiracy | had been presented at the trial.

te ae ne ae Pe. a away from Silverman, the money lender, was quoted
an preven rom eX- | yesterday as saying that he had sometimes
poams wo muemece = ih A sree waited for three or four years before officers
teat vooen wana , | RaPaade?any trouble tor them. ia

Judge Vroom was attorney for the estate meas" oume for them. x6 was
that sold the Phasnix Iron Works, and he | Sid on good authority that Silverman

also is president of the board of managers

of the asylum in which Lee was confined. arding ainst C Lewis,

reg’ claim ag
ane that this action led to the court -martia),
n army Officer said yesterday that few of |

 

LOST BOY IN LOADED CAR a fellows patronize the money lenders
and that when they do so théy are usually |
According to the Latest Version of Johnny | driven to it by hard luck.

“Ife gewe sige of 2 peek is ordered to
the Philippines,” he said
borrow from brother officers enough to tide
him over the emergency. If, however,
a whole regiment is ordered away it is
almost impossible to borrow at the post,
and that’s where the money lender gets in
his work.”

“Was that the case with Capt. Lewis?® |
was asked.

“I believe it was,” was the reply.

Capt. Lewis was a favorits with the officers
who knew him, and until his present trouble
never had had a charge against him.

COSTLY TEMPORARY STATION.

New York Central te Spend 8200,000 on It
and Then Tear It Down.

Plans were filed with the Bureau of Build-
ings yesterday by Charles A. Reed, archi- |
tect, for a temporary passenger station for |
the New York Central Railroad to be erected
in the block bounded by V torts and
avenues, Forty-th Forty:

fourth streets. structure = to

| $200,000, and it will be used while the " |
new Grand Centra] Station is being erecte
on the old site. When the new station is

Doneohue's Disappearance.

It was reported at Police Headquarters
last night that the New York Central yard-
master, after a careful investigation, had
reported that there was no empty freight
car in the yard at Fifty-fifth street and
Eleventh avenue on March 22, the day on
which seven-year-old Johnny Donohue dis-
ap) from his home.
nohue oe out play with a com-

‘in fe tory which the =
eas t 8 w 1
from the Hannigan

the ie Gee ca, was when he Weed
crawled ‘into an B ompty frolght car, The

lice decided that had been locked
Ben id carried © - ~ the car, although there
wos a story tha Hannigan himseif
been seen a ohnny into. a freight

a night, qoccrding, ¥ to the gine repent 8 at
Police Headquarters
— ene story. thie ee it was = on
lared that Jobnny and another boy
ahaa atl he didn't know on into a
freight car loaded with boxes; t when |
down the track |

|

 

SS

u out of man,
annigan boy thinks, looked and sealed torn down. |
the oar r This sacrificial building will be of brick |

 

with ornamental stucco work and three

MENINGITIS IN THE BRONX. stories, high. at wil have, frontage of
_ t 100 feet
Nineteen Cases in the Hospitale—fix Littic upper floors wil comtain tt the be othecl ef tan
Victims in One Family. pany Ry 4 By, ane Pee satoved | |
oO} ce n Tol
There are fourteen cases of cerebro spinal in nap theee yout on tna aaa

e tion of the new permanent station will be a |
» | Cgantts us be ptt

ould not be large
y's business
find as many

rons of the road wo:
ort as they have

ties as much co

ld daughter followed and now to-day. re would be no time when the

our other chfidren are in Fordham Hospital entire site of the old station would be out
with the disease. of service. He also said that the Peres | F
Max Joseph of 555 East 150th gers would not be obliged to climb over

scaffolding or to skirt openings in

 

 

   

in Lebanon Hospital. other iente forms.

in this are sald to be 4. >

The in not Rei ta, Cleveland.

taken there until He is W seers. ew

Smith, 11 years old, of 639 East 137th apes deve iF Pits
oo) res t of the Lebanon ae service. Yong

pital last

were Seopitel op an overage

  
  

munaee =

’

MARC H “29,

| Hoboken, severe brulses; taken to Bt.

| was admitted to bail,

 

 

 
   

KILLED IN HOBOKEN PARADE,

A runaway, resulting in the death of a
boy and injuries to many women and chil-
dren, marred the semi-centennia) parade
in Hoboken last evening. It ooourred at
10 o'clock, as the parade. was passing along
Washington street. Near the corner of

Third street two large white horses, the |

leaders of three teams drawing a floot
owned by the Fabr Trucking Compeny,
became frightened at the fireworks and
bolted,

They ran slong the east side of the street
a few yards and thon veered across the
line of the parade to the opposite side.
They ran close to the ourb for half a block,
skirting the fringe of a big crowd massed
along the curb and striking many persons.
To Joseph Stilwell of West Hoboken and
George Hoppe of fHoboken, who stopped
the horses at ris to themselves, is due
the escape of a much larger number.

Tho boy who was killed was crushed
against the curb as the runaway started,
one of the horses swerving suddenly in
that direction. He died while being taken
to St. Mary's Hospital. He was apparently
about thirteen years old. He has not yet
been identified. The injured are:

Thomas Mclaughiin, 13 years, 418 Malone
street, West Hoboken, kicked in the head.
He was taken to ®t. Mary's Hospital and his
condition is serious.

Charles Wrightman, 9, was injured about
the head, and was unconscious when picked
up. He is at St. Mary's Hospital.

William Buckling, 4, Guttenburg, knocked
from his mother « arms and badly cut about
the face.

James J. Covart, 35, Hoboken, leg hurt.

Mrs. Margaret Thompson, 54, of 508 Clinton
street, Hoboken, severe bruises.

Mattie Raybold, 3, and George Raybold, 56,
slight bruises.

Mrs. Anna Maurer, 8, of 132 Bherman
avenue, Jersey City, cuts and bruises on the
right leg.

Joseph Lindsley, 10, of 669 Urove street,
Jersey City, trampled by the crowd and
badly bruised

Sarah Walkenberg, 27, of 236 Beventh street,

Mary's
Hospital.

The driver of the horses was William W.
Miller of 1016 Park avenue, Hoboken. After
the runaway he continued in the parade
with the other four horses for several
blocks. He was then placed under arrest
by Detective Sergeants Barrone and Hop-
per. At the station he said that the hook
on the pole broke as the leaders reared,
the whiffletrees fell and the leaders were
thus able to break loose from his control.

The contents of a tank on a decorated
truck of the Oriental Metal Bed Company
caught fire as the truck was at First and
Hudson streets and some of the blazing
stuff, which was said to be naphtha, flew
into the crowd. John Phalan of 860 Newark
street, Hoboken, and George Tienker of
146 West street, New York, complained
to the police that they had been burned
on the hands and face.

FOUR FIRES IN THREE WEEKS.

Tenante-of Untewn Fiat Call on Depart-
ment, for Investigation.

A request was made io Acting Battalion
Chief Crawley of the engine house on 102d
street last evening for an investigation of
four fires discovered within the past three
weeks in the five story brownstone flathouse
at 183 West 103d atreet, owned by John
Schwartr of 442 Manhattan street. Twelve
families, compris'ng seventy-five persons,
live in the house. A majority of them
believe the fires wore started by an in-
cendiary.

None of the fires caused any considerable
loss. All took place in the daytime, either
in the stairways or halls. Two were in the
stair carpet. It was believed that some one
had dropped matches. The third was
started with a rag saturated with oil and
placed in the transom over the door leading
to the apartments of Mrs, Bowen, It was
discovered at once by one of Mrs. Bowen's
children. At 6:45 yesterday afternoon the
fourth petty blaze was discovered in the hall
carpet on the second floor.

Crawley inclines to the belief that the
fires are the work of mischievous boys
within the building.

THARDO FIRES TWO SHOTS.

The Crippied Singer Tells a Weird Story
——Hie Arrest.

Claude Thardo, the crippled singer who
entertains the audience in the Bijou Theatre,
Smith and Livingston streets, Brooklyn,
between acts and whom some women rave
over, was locked up in the Adams street

 

station last night charged with attempted

assault in the firet coaree.

““Thardo had just reached the sta 2 en-
trance door at 7:45 o'clock last nig he
says, when two rn men e aaamee
| him and demanded a dollar. He refused to

give them the money and then, he says,

“he can easily | one of them drewa revolver and attempted

to shoot him. Cripple as he is, he says, he
rappled with one of the men and wrested
fie revolver from him. The revolver fell
and the other man picked it up and ran
away
T he other man then started after his com-
panion and Thardo gave chase. He had
gone only a few feet when a cabman drove
up and Thardo, jumping into the cab,
started in pursuit, but the cabman soon
lost the scent,
Just before Thardo jumped into the —-
he fired two shots at the retreatin
The shooting attracted Patrolman aray.
He ran arund the corner just in time to see
Thardo jump into the cab
Detective Owens of the Adams street
station, after making an_ investigation,
deemed it wise to place Therdo under
arrest. The officer said that Thardo had |
no business to carry a revolver without
a rents.
police are not inclined to give any
ovedenke to the hold-u
illiam A. Strong
of 36 Smith street being the bondsman.

 

| GEORGE F. MORSE A DEFAULTER.
ready for use the temporary building will be | sae MeKintey’s First Husband Spent Gove |

ernment Money Freely.
San FRancrsco, March 28.—It has just
leaked out that George E. Morse, rk
of the United States District Court and

husband of Ida McKinley, niece
President MeKinley, was a defaulter for
$8,000 when he died last November.

oree was one of the handsomest men in

the city, and when Mr. MoKinley visited
San Franc he and his wife ae ed a |
prominent in entertaining i-

dent. Two months after Morse died his
widow married Harry Cooper, k r of
the Market street book, eters Now it turns
out Morse was a gay. figure in Tenderloin
resorts and blew in Government money.
— took fees filed by trustees in bank-
When the shortage was discovered
6 oes eee &. ie estate and his
widow sacrificed the life insurance. Her
present hesband says all claims have been
met, but be admits that he has had to pay
some of Morse’s debte.

an he ao ae TOUR

Sa eecren: Pees ae tnteret af the oe ee S Fer

story, Thardo |

of |

4905. ntiniehh 1905, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

rae. | PEACE RACE PROSPECTS ARE BRIGHT | STATE GANATORIAL REPARTHS.

 

4ND THE UNITED STATES
AT WORK.

FRANCE.

 

Crar Convinced That Time Has Come
to Make Peace-"Disorder tn the Russian
Provinces Grows—Reosevelt Still
Ready to Offer Services as Mediator.

Special Caple Despatch to THR SUN.
Lowpon, March 28—A news agency
| despatch from St, Petersburg says that
| Russia has outlined the conditions under
| Watoh she is prepared to negotiate for
peace.

It is stated with every semblance of
authority that thanks to the good offices
of the United States and France the ques-
tion of peace has assumed practical shape.

The foregoing is the latest addition to
the peace talk.

Wasuinoton, March 28.—-The Admin-
istration is greatly gratified over reports
from American diplomatic agents abroad
that headway is being made in the efforts
of neutral Powers to bring about peace
between Russia and Japan. Within the
last few days these reports have grown
more encouraging, and to-day there are
indications that Russia is showing a dis-
position to recede from her former positive
attitude in favor of continuing the war.

Germany and France are foremost in the
propaganda which has been started in St.

of the futility and the dangers of continu-
ing hostilities. In these endeavors the
two neutral European nations have had
the hearty moral sopport of the United
States, although this Government has not
directly offered its services as a mediator.

That it is willing to do so upon even slight
encouragement has been made plain to both
belligerents and has unquestionably had
some effect in producing the present favor-
able situation.

President Roosevelt, it is understood,
will not stick at technicalities of inter-
national etiquette if the way is opened by
which he may, without offence to either
Japan or Russia, furnish aid to the cause
of peace.

This may not be clearly understood at
the capitals of the warring Powers, or at
least at St. Petersburg, but when it is
understood, opportunity for American
assistance may be afforded.

CZAWS VILLA BURNED.

Report That Rioters at Yaita Have Attacked
Emperor's Residence.
Special Cable Despatch to Tax Sux.

 

thes Bo votre ah Tolle hove Speed, the
Ouar's ville at -TAvefie. .

CZAR DEALING WITH THE POPE.

Plan to Secure Religious Liberty of Cathe
lies In Rusala.
Special Cadle Despatch to Tax SUN.

Rome, March 28.—A plan to insure the re-
ligious liberty of Roman Catholics in Russia,
elaborated by the Bishops by order of the
Czar, has been concluded. Archbishop
Schembeck, m*tropolitan of Mohileff, the
Catholic primate of Russia, will go to Rome
soon to confer with the Pope. An agree
ment is likely to be reached soon, owing to
the Vatican's conciliatory attitude in the
Russian crisis.

NEW RUSSIAN WAR MINISTER.

Gen. Sukhomiinof! Takes the Place of Gen.

 

tenet nee
FS ee

 

Sakharoft.
Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sun.
Parts, March 2%.—A despatch to the

Journal from St. Petersburg says it is offi-
cially announced that Gen, Sukhomlinoff
has been appointed Minister of War. Gen.
Kaulbars has been appointed to the com-
mand of the second Manchurian army.

STATE OF SIEGE PROCLAIMED,

Baltic Government of Livonia Is Under
Martial law.
Spectal Cadle Despatch to Tax Sux.

Sr. PererssurG, March 28.—A minor
state of siege has been proclaimed in the
Baltic government of Livonia.

A fire broke out to-day in the grain ware-
houses of Nijni Novgorod and did enor-
mous damage.

 

General Bank of Italy Denies Rumor That
It Has Been Caught.
Specta! Cable Despatch to Tae Sun

rector of the General Bank of Italy, denies
the truth of the allegation in the Socialist

Ruasia, recently took over @ large amount
of Russian Government stock. Signor
Stringher says that the bank has not bought
Russian securities since May of last year,
n. | when it paid for them. not with home funds,
but foreign credits.

War Rumors Aficet Stocks,
Special Cable Despatch to Tus SUN.
Loxpon, March 28.—The stock market
here was rather flat to-day, and the ten-
| deney was downward in the bourses of
| St. Petersburg and Paris, but early rumors
of a condition of panic on the St. Petersburg

bourse were not confirmed.
|

 

HOTTEST OF MARCH DAYS.

| Spring Jumps Over the Fence and Tres-
passes on Summer.

| Spring slipped a cog or two yesterday
| and whirled this section of the world into
| the temperature of summer. All records
| for March, the blizzard breeder, were
broken at 1:30 o'clock in the afternoon,
| when the me rushed up to 73 degrees
and folks afogs = the sunny side of streets

began to off overcoats and murmur
| against w orl flanne|s.
On March 10, 1879, the thermometer

registered 72 d , which is the next
best March sample in tropicaleffort. Even
| down in Jacksonville yesterday it was only
five de warmer than it was here, and
sooty Pittsburg, where the heart of =
warm wave, b in the humid West,
palpitating, was uae 78 degrees. The
very hottest place in the South, Memphis,
| was 8 de Chicago's maximum |
| y afverncen was 74 degrees. The
| Weather ” Seseass holds out no hope for
| immediate alleviation, It may be even
warmer to-day.

SHORT LINE TO CLEVELAND,

Grin 'et tes Bee ee

Opmesa, March 28.—It is rumored here”

HASN'T BOUGHT RUSSIAN STOCKS, |

newspaper Avanti that the bank, to oblige |

Petersburg to bring Russia to a realization |

|
|
|

Rome, Maroh 28.—Signor Stringher, di- |

man,’’ “Diseased a
“packer,” the Phrases l

ALBANY, March 26.—Senators “nn
and Coggeshall) crossed Swords in the Senate
to-day. Senator Brackett’s bill compelling
life insurance companies to include com-
plete copies of the original contract with
policies came up in the Senate and Senator
Grady wanted to amend it. Senator Brack-
ett opposed the amendment and Senator
Coggeshall attacked the bill, Said Senator
Brackett:

“The lady doth protest too much.”

Then the fine sarcasm of the Oneida
Senator came into play. He said;

“Senator Brackett jaws and chews and
snarls like an old fiahwoman. No one cares
partioularly what Senator Brackett says,
for we all regard them as childish, puerile
emanations from a diseased and disordered
brain.”

Senator Brackett replied:

“I suppose the fishwomen talk badly
because the fish about which they talk
sme) badly.”

“Yes,” answered Senator Coggeshall,
“and the worst smelling fish in the market
is a sucker, and I am no sucker.”

“I am glad to yield to the Senator an
acknowledgment that his claim is true. He
is no sucker,” said Senator Brackett.

LOOP THE GAP CYCLIST HURT.

Axie of His Machine Breaks and He Loses
ome Teeth in a Real Slide for Life.
Another of the Ancillotti brothers had an

accident at the circus in Madison Square

Garden last night. This time it was Mau-

rice, who loops the gap on a bicycle. The

axle in the front wheel of his bicycle broke
as the machine hit the incline after com-
pleting its flight through space.

Maurice shot over the handle bara and
went sliding on his face down the incline at
terrific epeed. Women in the audience

 

cried out in hofror at the accident and hid |

their faces, covering their eyes with their
hands

When the bicyclist was picked up he
was unconscio's and it was thought that he
might be mortally injured. Examination
showed that he was badly bruised and
several of his teeth were knocked out.

The other brother, Nicholas, who ‘leaps |

the quadruple chasms" at the same time
Maurice performs his feat,
through space when tho accident occurred,
and it was plainly visible to him. It un-
nerved him, but he managed to guide his
machine safely down the incline.

TO ROCHESTER UNIVERSITY.

Carnegie Offers #100,000 if It Will Raise
as Much Outside.

Postmaster Willcox annowNodil yesterday
that he had received a Jetter from Andrew
Carnegie in which Mr. "Carnegie promised
to give $100,000 to Rochester University
provided the institution would raise a simj-
lar amount.

The letter came as the rosult of an inter-
view Mr. Willoox had some time ago with
Mr. Carnegie in regard to the needs of the
eee - Carnegie makes the gift
off that the rreney be devoted
to the construction and equipment of build-
ings for scientific purposes.

GROUT MUST PUT HIM BACK,

Court Reinstates Bermingham, Dismissed
Disbursing Clerk.

Supreme Court Justice McCall issued
yesterday a peremptory mandamus direct-
ing Comptroller Grout to reinstate John
T. Bermingham, whom Mr. Grout removed
as disbursing clerk over a year ago. The
evidence showed that though Mr. Grout
said that the office had boen abolished,
he set two other clerks to do the work
Bermingham had been doing.

JACK LONDON OPFRATED ON,

Novelist Recovering From Injury He Got
When Investigating London Siums.

Sawn Francisco, March 28.—Jack London,
the novelist, is now in an Oakland sani-
tarium recovering from a severe operation
which he underwent a few days ago.

He had been suffering for some time
from stomach trouble which was the result
of an injury he received in his tramps about
London in search of information about the
East End poor.

LIPTON WANTS TO RACE,

Will Hunt for a Designer as Soon as He
Returns From Ceylon.

Cricaao, March 28.—Alexander H. Revell
of this city received to-day a letter from
Sir Thomas Lipton, written on board Sir
Thomas's yacht in the Indian Ocean. The
Baronet says he is determined to have one
more try for the America's Cup, the famous
“Old Mug,” as he called it

The only difficulty in the way was to find
a designer, but he will give the matter
attention as soon as he returns from Ceylon.
He ended his letter by saying that he would

 

 

 

| be very much disappointed if he cannot

|

arrange for another contest next year.

| WON'T BE AN ALL WHITE BLOCK.

 

Buying a House to Get Rid of Negro Tenants
Doesn't Work.

The twenty-one colored families living
at 60 West 100th street have all received
dispossess notices from Rita Galewski,
who recently bought the house from Ma-

| tilda Wetterer of 70 West 100th street, across

the way, and must move out by April 1.
Rita Galewaki, it is said, boug “t the house
—the only one in the block with negro
tenants—because she is interested in the
block, owning other property there, and
wanted to rid the neighborhood of negroes.
Dispossess notic # were served as soon as

, the property was transferred

Ae soon as the dispossess notices were

served, however, irs. Wetterer, who bad

| sold the house, walked acroas from No. 70,

where she has one of ten apartments,
and invited certain of the twenty-one
colored families of No. 60 to take flats in
her house. Her present white tenants ‘she
asked to move.
Many of the nei
an all white popu
the sale of the house are now sayin

hbors who had expected
things.

The state of mind of Mrs. Galewaki is not |

known

Newsboys Want Rooseveit.
* WILKrsparrr, Pa., March :8.--The news-
boys of Seranton, who have arranged to
hold their annual picnic upon the same

day that President Roosevelt visite the city, |

Aug. 10, have resolved to make a deter-
mined effort *° induce him to attend, if for
only half an hour, and mane &@ short ad-
dress. They are planni et the invi-
tation in such form that 1 be unable
to resist.

Latest Marine Intelligence.
Arrived: Se New York, Jacksonville. March 26.

SHORT OCRAN VOYAGE

Se a eee rele Te Hes

 

 

Wrowkspat, Mancn 20, 1008.
Fair and warm to-day; cooler to-morrow
and probably showers. 3 md

was fiying |

ulation in the block after |

“=| WILL CARRY vor

President Decides’ to wall
Terms of Unratified =
Agreement,

se

TO HOLD REVENUES HERE.

 

55 Per Cent. of Customs Will Be
Kept Until Senate Acts.

—

 

Roosevelt Directs Minister Pawson te
Accede to Dominican Preposal for
a Temporary Reoetvership—Crediters
flave Agreed to Take No Steps Until
Senate Has Reached [ta Decision
—President Explains That He Is Only
Maintaining Status Quo—Adee Adds
That It Is Santo Domingo’s Sehome,
Not Ours, and That We're Only Exe
tending Friend’~ Ald te a Neighbor.

Wasurnaton, March 28.—President
Roosevelt gave orders to-day which pro-
| vide that the United States Governments
| shall act as the temporary conditional ro-
| ceiver of Santo Domingo’s finances. Nomi-
| nally the Dominican Government is to
| create the receivership, but its agents in
| the transaction are to be American citizens,
|

i
—

named by the President of the United States
and the revenues collected by them at Sante
Domingo custom houses are to be seques-
trated in a New York bank pending final

action by the United States Senate on the.

| treaty between the American and the
Dominican Governments.

The treaty cannot be taken up until the
Congress assembles in extra session next
October. In the meantime the terms of
that unratified agreement will be carried
out as if it were in force, with the exception
that the Dominican revenues will not be
distributed to Santo Domingo's foreign
creditors unless and until the Senate gives
its sanction.

The President's determination in this
important matter was reached tony aa
result of _important
with his Cabinet, and with Senalers Lodge
and Spooner. The official explanation of
the reasons for Mr. Roosevelt's course,
made by the President himself, is that
Santo Domingo had earnestly called for
aid, and that it was the duty of the United
States, the only Government able to do so,
to respond to that call. In the order issued
on the subject, which is addressed to Acting
Secretary of State Adee, the President
outlined the receivership scheme and told
why he regarded it as necessary for the
United States to assume charge of Santo
Domingo’s revenues at this time, , The
order follows:

THE PRESIDENT'S EXPLANATION,
Wuirte House, anaes
March 28, 1905.

To the Acting Secretary of State:

“I have carefully considered the follows
| ing cablegram from Minister Dawson:

 

| “‘ Secretary of State, Washington: Under —

pressure foreign creditors and domestio
| peril, Dominican Government offers to
| nominate a citizen of the United States
receiver southern ports pending ratifica-
tion protocol; four northern ports to be
administered under the award.
per cent. total shall go to the Dominican
Government, fifty-five to be deposited in
New York for distribution after ratifica-
tion. Creditors to agree to take no further
steps in the meantime, and receiver to have
full authority to suspend importers’ prefer-
ential contracts. Italian, Spanish, German
and American creditors, except the Improve+
ment [company], accept unconditionally.
Belgian, French representatives will recom-
mend acceptance. Some modus vivendi
absolutely necessary. I am ready, if de-
sired, to start for Washington, D. C., 38th,
to explain details and modifications of plan
| obtainable; the whole matter can be held

open during my absence. Dawson,’
“I direct that the Minister express ao-
| quiescence in the proposal of the Govern-
| ment of Santo Domingo for the collection
and conservation ite revenues, pending
| the action of the U States Senate upon
the treaty, to the end that in the meantime
no change shall take place in the situation
which would render useless its consumma-
tion or bring complications into its enforce+
ment.

“The Secretary of War of the United
States will present for nomination ty the
President of the Dominican Republic men
| to actin the position referred to, in both
|the northern and southern ports. The
utmost care will of course be taken to choose
men of capacity and absolute integrity,
who, if possible, shall have some knowledge
of Spanish. Al) the moneys collected from
both the northern and southern ports, not
turned over to the Dominican Government,
will be deposited in some New York
to be designated by the Secretary of W
and will there be kept until the Senate he
| acted.
| *If the action is adverse, the money will
then be turned over to the Dominican Gow
| ernment. If it is favorable, it vill be dis-

tributed among the creditors in proportion
to thelr just claims under the treaty. Mesa.
while Mr. Hollender will thoroughly ine
vestigate these claims, including the claim
of the American Improvement Company,

SE ee eS ae ‘

Forty-five .

  
 
 

 
 
   
     
    
      
  
   
  
  
     
    
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
     
       
       
  
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
  
   

oe