irculat-
tion in
@ here

uits in
pts: and

pir full
undred

ollars!
on fine,

enue.

pes

atity of
ime for
-of-the-

pnal.
ery low

Vator,

Nxuries,
B arare
do not

or two
p ready
bh Paris,
soiled ;
of per-

0 $142
.50

to $11
.00 to

.00 to

way.

aphs |
Living.

id for

8.—The first

honor 1

ist

en Railroad
zo was Morris

city.
ce of a W

A few!

h an express |
D start from

han heal |
eo wheel.y |
Vv he’

wreeks ‘of t

n

 

= OOO

VOL. LXXI. —NO. 152,

 

RIGHT 70 SPANK DEMANDED. | ODFIL PLATT TALK ON EXCIS

ZAR DID DECIDE 70 YIBLD,

 

 

tendon Bombarded With Reports That
Japan’s Demands Regarding Man-
churia Will Not Be Granted—Paris
Hears Troops Are Crossing Yala River.

Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN.
+ oxnon, Jan. 29.—The war seare to-day }
iched its most acute form, based on Rus- |
cia’s reported decision not to Sield to any
of the Japanese demands regarding Man-
This, if true, marks an important
Russia’s attitude during the last

re

churia

change in
three or four days. Tt is repeated in some |
reports that Russia is prepared to make all
necessary concessions regarding Corea.

iris nevertheless true that Japan received
- ore than a week ago an authoritative,
though unofficial, intimation that Russia
was prepared to yield in principle the Japan-
‘ye demands regarding Manchuria. Such,
in fact, was the Czar's intention. It is

i possible to snapect him of bad faith in
the matter,

If to-day’s ominous reports are well
founded the explanation must be the vacil-
.jon of the young Emperor under pressure
which is undoubtedly great.

ihe worst form of to-day’s ugly rumors
ry epived an emphatic denial at the Japanese
Legation. It is untrue, for instance, that
Russia struck out the words “China and”
from the draft treaty submitted by Japan
sung forth the integrity of Chinese and
Corean sovereignty.

Moreover, it is flatly stated by the same
authority that in any event war is not im-

 

mediately imminent,
Sr, PETERSBURG, Jan. 29.— Russia's
formal reply to the last Japanese note

las not yet been sent. A high official said
io-day that when it is delivered every-
thing will depend upon the attitude of Japan,
‘The utmost will be done to offer Japan a
basis for durable peace, but there is a limit |
beyond which Russia cannot go, The
official added:

“We grant practically everything asked
regarding Corea. We have already recog-
nized all the treaty rights of Japan and |
other nations in Manchuria, Should Japan |
1eject our conciliatory proposals the world |
must lay the responsibility on her. We |
cannot, of course, prevent war.” !

Paris, Jan. 29.—A despatch from Seoul ;
states that small parties of Russian soldiers |
are beginning to cross the Yalu River, :

TIENTSIN, Jan. 29.—A report which lacks |

 

confirmation states that Japan will mobilize |
450,000 troops on Feb. 1. The Russians here |
have ceased to talk of the possibility of
peace.

Lonpon, Jan. 30.—The Daily Graphic,
while adhering to the gloomy statements !
it made ‘yesterday, points out this morning |
that Japan does not aim at securing the |
total withdrawal of Russia from Manchuria. }

It says that Japan has not only offered |
to acquiesce to all the treaty rights acquired !
there, but has intimated her readiness to j

 

 

 

 

Brooklyn Teachers Send a Forma) Petition
to the Board of Education.

The Brooklyn Public School Teachers’
Association came out yesterday with a
mighty demand for restoration of the old
method of discipline--that of applying
the rod where it will do the most good.
This petition was sent to the Board of
Education:

Henry A. Rogers, President Board of Educa-
tion, New York City: ‘

_ Dean Sir—At the last neeting of the execu-~
tive committee of the Brooklyn Teachers’
Association, held on Jan. 11, 1904, it was
unanimously voted that the association should
request the Board of Education to restore to
the principals of schools the privilege as to
corporal punishment which obtained in Brook-
lyn before consolidation,

Under these regulations the principal of a
school was authorized to inflict corporal pun-
ishment, of thé necessity for which he was to
be the sole judge, He made monthly reports
of the number of pupils reported to him for
discipline gnd the number on which corporal
punishmert had been inflicted.

Our association to-day nungbers 3,543 mem-
bers, and the sentiment se@ns to be very
nearly unanimous for the return of the old
methods. Very respectfully yours.

LLyMAN A, Best, President

ROBERT I. ROBBINS, Secretary.

Under the old system the teachers were
allowed certain rivneeen in the way of
chastising unruly scholars, Now they
scold the youngster and then march him
ae home with a note telling of his miscon-

uct,

IOWA DEMOCRATS

 

SPLIT.

Hearst and Antl-Hearst Factions Line Up
for a Fight.

Des Mornss, Ia., Jan. 29.—As the result
of two days of conference, Iowa Democrats
are hopelessly split over the Hearst and
anti-Hearst issues. Stimulated by the
knowledge that the Bryan and Hearst
men were working day and night to capt-
ure the Iowa delegation to the national
convention, joint conferences of the lead-
ing conservative Democrats of the State
were held here yesterday and to-day, Al-
most to a man, and there were sixty or
more present, they were outspokenly op-
posed to Hearst, or, at least, to sending
an instructed delegation to St. Louis.

Right on their"heels came a conference
of Hearst and Bryan followers this after-
noon, the call having been issued by Gen.
James B. Weaver and George F. Rhinehart,
the Bryan leaders in this State. The latter
determined to reject all overtures lookin,
to a compromise and to make an out iA
out fight on a Bryan and anti-Bryan plat-
form, directing their efforts toward having
Weaver head the delegates at large to the
National convention and reelecting C. A.
Walsh, the present secretary of the national
Dernocratic committee.

The conservatives declare that they

‘accept the challenge and that it will be a

fight to a finish. They predominated
in the last two State conventions, and say
they can win again.

The Bryan men are for Hearst,and will
instruct for him if they can control the
State convention,

 

DRUGGED BY HER TRAINER.

 

Physical Culture Teacher Got Mrs. Cole’s
Diamond Rings and Pins,

Boston, Jan. 29.—Alfred R. Kehew, who

recognize Russia's political rights in con- { Was arrested shortly after aged Mrs, Julia |
French was killed by falling down the ele- }

nection with the railway to the extent of |
legalizing the military occupation of the |
\ine and the administration by Russian |
officials of a strip of territory thirty miles |
wide on each side of the railway. {

This would include Harbin. All that
Japan requires is that the remainder of
Manchuria be restored to the effective
sovereignty of China.

The Graphic further asserts that under
the draft treaty submitted by Japan the
Japanese guarantee the freedom of the
Corean Straits,
southern coast of Corea will never be forti-
fied.

RUSSIAN SHIP FIRED ON?

“Daily Mail” Story of a Hold-up by Japan-
ese Warships.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tam Sun.

LonDON, Jan. 80.—A despatch to the
Daily Mail from Chefoo, China, says that
foreigners who passed through that place '
Friday asserted that the Russian steamer
Argun, on which they travelled from Naga-
saki to Dalny, was fired at by Japanese
warships outside Chemulpo.

They declared that three shots were fired
across the steamer’s bow. The captain
of the Argun vowed that he would not
stop, but he finally ylelded to the prayers
: the passengers, who were frantio with
ear.

The correspondent does not indicate
what the Japanese did afterward, only
adding that there was no further attempt
to stop the steamer, which proceeded to
Dalny, where she arrived last Tuesday.

FAOTIONAL WAR IN DELAWARE.

There Will Be Two Sets of Delegates to
the Republican Convention.

Wasurxoron, Jan. 29.—Senator Ball,
the anti-Addicks leader in Delaware, called
at the White House to-day and had a talk
with the President. After coming from
ieancenes office Mr. Ball expressed

reely about the recent remarks
of J. Ed
the daward einen and Senator Allee,

“The remarkable statement of Mr. Ad-
dicks,” he said, “would seem to eliminate
or possibility of a single ticket in Dela-

No self-respecting opponent of Addicks
he added, could consider further proposi-
‘ons for harmony in Delaware, and the
Word is now war,

So far as 1 can see,” continued the Sena-

tor, “there will be two State conventions

‘
a publicans in Deiaware and two sets
delegates to the national convention,

 

 

 

 

Which must determine which set is to be
a and which is entitled to be a part of
the Republican party.”

 

BLYDENBURG ON THE STAND.

Former Brooklyn Man Denies ‘That He
Killed His Third Wife.

Dzs Mornes Ia., Jan. 29.—The prosecution
'o-day began at Eldora the introduction
of rebuttal testimony at the trial of EB. S
Blydenburg, formerly of Brooklyn, who
teegused of wife murder. The feature of
'he day was the action of the defence in
Pen Blydenburg on the witnesa stand.

y lydenburg told a straightforward story
ane made an excellent witness, He denied
é “TY circumstance that had been alleged
eae him as indicating that he had mur-

Bl the woman who was his third wife
“a Ydenburg admitted that he purchased

1gh on rats and used it to kill rodents.
( r. Morse, who attended the woman, said

ne was due to uremic poisoning.

sie defence then introduced expert
ie Mony to show that it was impossible
; determine after death whether the arse-

nie

 

te

rained in the woman's stomach was ad-
Prec
thereto
ar ’ :
id {that Its presence may have been due
'Pembalming procees.

prior or subsequent

{AMOUS TRAINS TO FLORIDA.
4 fs ba. Spectal,” 2:10 P, M. "Pla, & West
Henin Led.” g6 A. Unexeeliod serv
ren. & Atlantic Coast Line, ‘161 Seiya |

 

vator well in her Back Bay residence, on a
charge of having forged her name to a
transfer of stock, was found guilty in the
Superior Court to-day of having stolen
diamond rings and pins valued at $1,500
from Mrs. Leah L. Cole, wife of D. C. Cole,
a Baltimore business man. Kehew was in-
dicted under the name of Fred Haskell.
According to the testimony of Mra. Cole,
she was staying at a boarding house on

St. James avenue. during the absence of her ;

said he was Jack Bolste

undertaking fhat the; husband, and met a man on the street who |
r, & professor of ;

physical culture at Harvard. She made |

an ap

intment with him, but he failed to |

keep it. In his place was Kehew, who said |
Bolster had asked him to make his ex- |

cuses. She kept a number of appointments

with Kehew, who had told Mrs. Cole his |

name was Haskell. They visited Harvard
together and attended the theatre. She
told the court that ono day she tore her
dress and went with Kehew to a house on
Dartmouth street to have it mended. While
in a bedroom there, Mrs. Cole says, Kehew
chloroformed her and when she rovered
consciousness she found her rings gone.

Kehew asserted that the diamonds were
given to him by Bolster.

PUT BACK THE SNOW.

Shoveller With a Grievance Gets
With the Police.

One James Wilson busied himself last
night for about an hour and a half shovelling
the snow off the stoop and sidewalk of the
West 125th street station. ~Then he went
in and asked the sergeant for a quarter.

“What for?” demanded the sergeant.

“For cleaning the stoop and sidewalk.”

“I’ve got a doorman here for that pur-

se,” said the sergeant. “Get out of here.”

“Not till I get my quarter. A man gave
me a quarter and said he'd give me another
quarter when I finished. d I want that
quarter.”

The sergeant rang for the doorman, and
told him to put the man out.

“Why, that’s the man that gave me the
quarter,” exclaimed the snow shoveller.

“Go ‘long, I never saw you before.”

“Well, you may think thisisa good joke,
but we'll see who it’s on.”

When the doorman went out a few hours
later to look at the weather, he foundall the
snow carefully shovelled back on the side-
walk and stoop.

 

 

 

Even

 

PHILADELPHIA HAS A MYSTERY.

After Recetving Threats From a Woman
Bailey Was Assaulted by Three Men.

PHILADEPHIA, Jan. 20.—Francis L,
Bailey of 2439 North Tenth street, who
disappeared from his home last night under
mysterious circumstances, was found
to-night unconscious in a snowbank at
Fifth street and Allegheny avenue. He
said after being revived at the hospital
that he had been attacked by three men
whom he did not know. He had a wound
in the head and was but partially dressed.

An hour after Bailey left home last night
a boy arrived at his house carrying his
outer clothes in a bundle. In the pockets
of the Cerbing was found an unsigned
letter, evidently from a jealous woman,

 

'

 

threatening to disfigure Bailey for life if |

he continued his attentions to another
woman.

Bailey's condition is serious. He has
not been able to tell the police much about
hia experience of the last twenty-four
hours.

 

Woman Has Competed a Marble Bust
of MoKinley,

CoLuMBus, Ohio, Jan, 29.—Mrs. Cad-
waller Guild of New York and Berlin, a
woman of commanding appearance and
impressive vocabulary, has
a marble bust of President McKinley.
This she is willing to turn over to the State
of Ohio for the modest sum of $6,000, Yester-
day she had the Finance Committee of the
Senate to see the bust. It looks as though
she would get the $6,000,

 

 

 

NEW YORK, SATURDAY, JANUARY 380

 

 

 

THERE'LL BE LEGISLATION TO
APPEAL TO THE INTELLIGENT.

Statement From the Senator Afterward
—He Thinks Many States Will Instruct
for Rooseyelt—If the Party Can’t Win
With Him it Can’t Win With Any One.

Gov. Odell came down from Albahy yes-
terday on a flying trip. He was in town
only for a few hours and for the greater
part of that time he was in conference with

Senator Platt.

The Governor and Senator talked together
for more than two hours in the Fifth Avenue
Hotel in the afternoon. It was learned
that they discussed principally the New-
comb bill, which submits to a referendum
the question of the Sunday opening of
saloons in this city.

Although the Republican leaders of this
county are in favor of the measure it is
understood that the Governor is not in-
clined to support iti Whether his talk
with Senator Platt changed his attitude
could not be learned last night.

The Governor came here in response!to
an invitation from Senator Platt.

“We spoke of matters relating to pending
legislation,” he said afterward, “and as I
make it a point never to discuss measures
which may have to come before me for
approval I will not answer any Inquiries
relating to my conference with Senator
Platt.”

Senator Platt, however, was by no means
so reticent. He spoke freely not only of
his meeting with the Governor, but also of
the political situation in general.

“Thad a talk of nearly two hours with the
Governor,” Senator Platt said. “It was a
very pleasant talk, and if it is of any interest
to the public to know it I can say that the
Republican party in this State is in fine
shape and that the Republican leaders
report that the prospects here are splendid.”

Asked he had talked with Gov. Odell
about excise matters Senator Platt said:

“Yes, the greater part of our talk was
devoted to that subject. I judged from
what the Governor said to me that he is not
entirely in accord with all the features of
the Newcomb bill. :

“While we went fully into the matter of
excise legislation, I do not feel myself at
liberty to bay anything just yet about the
programme that will be mapped out on that
question, because it is one that is still under
consideration. However, I can say that
there is going to be some excise legislation,
and I believe that the legislation deter-
mined on will be in accord with the views
of all intelligent minded persons and with
intelligent public sentiment.”

J. Sloat Fassett wag one of Senator Platt’s
callers vesterday. ee. Fassett wants the
nomination this year for Congress from
the Thirty-third district. Charles W. Gillet
is now the representative from that district,
and it is said he wants another nomination.

“Mr. Fassett came down to see me about
the situation in his district,” said Mr. Platt.
“While Mr. Fassett controls of the
delegates from the Thirty-third district,
I told him ego slow because the Republican
leaders of the State don't want anything
to happen in that district that will in any
way affect the vote on the national ticket.
Personally, 1 would be glad to see Mr. Fas-
sett elected to Congress, but at the same
time I don't want anything to take place
which will cost votes to the Republican
party.” ‘

Replying to inquiries concerni the
reports that several of the Western States
wil s FOSEEUES for Roosevelt, Senator Platt
Bald:

“From what I have heard in the last few
days, Illinois and Indiana will certainly
instruct their delegates to vote for Presi-
dent Roosevelt andI am beginning to think
that Ohio will similarly instruct.

“The New York delegates will certainly
be so instructed if I have anything to say
about it,and I think I shall have a great
deal to say. Whatever shortcomings the
President may have, they are obvious and
are known to everybody. That is some-
thing very different from the situation in
which the Democratic party finds itself.

“The candidate the Democrats put up
will have to be a man who will have to be
of such siren hh as to withstand the most
searching criticism of the two wings of
the Democratic party. If we cannot win
with Roosevelt we cannot win with any one.
He is the strongest man we can name.

“It is impossible to say, of course, how
strong the Detnocratic candidate may be,
but if their candidate should be the Judge
from up the Hudson River the strongest
point he seems to havé is that he has no
record except that of a Judge. He was
elected on a fluke anyway, but should he
be nominated there will be no similar fluke
this year.” ;

A despatch from Washington stating
that James Stillman, president of the
National City Bank, was in conference
yesterday with President Roosevelt was
shown to Senator Platt.

“That is a very interesting piece of news,”
he said, “Mr. Stillman has considerable in-
fluence in Wall Street, and if he should
come out squarely for the President it
would have a good effect.”

“Do you think Mr. Stillman will do 80?”

“I don’t know,” the Senator replied, “a
great deal depends on the President.”

BRYAN HURRYING HOME.

 

News That His Sister Is Dying Forees
Cancellation of His Lecture Tour.

Lincotn, Neb., Jan. 29.—William J.
Bryan is hurrying from the East to the
bedside of his sister, Miss Nannie Bryan,
who is not expected to live. After a con-
sultation of physicians this morning a mes-
sayze was sent summoning him home,

Mr. Bryan lectured in Burlington, N. J.,
last night and left during the night to fill
an engagement in Pennsylvania this after-
noon. The summons home will compel
the cancellation of a month’s tour of speech-
making which Mr. Bryan had tnapped out
in the East and South. He cannot arrive
in Lincoln before Saturday night.

Yorn, Pa, Jan. 29.—A telegram an-
nouncing that a sister is dying at Lincoln
was received by William Jennings Bryan
when he arrived here this morning and
went to Brockie, the home of Chauncey
F. Black, where he and Mrs. Bryan had
intended to stay until to-morrow. Mr.
Bryan spent but two hours at Brockie and
left on an afternoon train for Harrisburg,
and is already speeding toward Lincoln.

 

THEY'RE TIRED OF BRYAN.

Missiasipp! Democrats Repudiate Him and
His Silver Notions.

JACKSON, Miss., Jan. 20.—-Members of the
Mississippi Legislature, according to a
poll made to-day, are overwhelmingly
opposed to a reaffirmation of the princi-
ples of the Kansas City platform by the
next Democratic convention. While many
have kind words for Mr. Bryan, personally,
almost every member is in favor of repudi-
dting him and calling him for a thorough
revision of the platform. Speaker E. N.
Thomas of the lower house, who will
possibly be a delegate to the St. Louis con-
vention, is especially strong in his decla-
rations,
to the recognition of Bryan as a party

| leader and that the free silver plank must

completed | be cut out entirely.

 

THE HOT SPRINGS OF ARKANSAS,

Owned py U. S. Government. Ideal winter
resort. Indorsed by Government for rheumatism
and many other ills. Golf, 100 hotels of all grades.

For complete information address Bureau of In-
formation, Hot Springs, Ark.—Adv,

SS

He gays he is unalterably opposed |

 

CAR HITS A BRAVE POLICEMAN.

He Pushes a Dozen Children Out of the
Way, but Is Struck Himself.

Policeman John A. Corcoran of the West
Forty-seventh street station who lives at
175 Morris avenue, The Bronx, was struck
by a trolley car and rendered unconscious
at Fifty-eighth street and Ninth avenue
yesterday afternoon while he was pushing
some school children out of danger.

Tt is part of Corcoran's duties to escort
the children from Public School 141, in
Fifty-eighth street, across Ninth avenue
every afternoon after school. He was
piloting a dozen little boys and girls across
the avenue yesterday, and signalled the
motorman of a southbound car to stop,
Motorman Walter Gram either did not see
or failed to heed the signal, and Corcoran
sprang in front of the car and pushed the
children out of danger.

The car struck the policeman, however,
and knocked him senseless. He was taken
to Roosevelt Hospital, badly cut and bruised.
His wounds were dressed there and he was
able to gohome. The police are looking for
the motorman,

THE CUSTIS FAMILY BIBLE,

Members of Gen. R. E. Lee’s Family Trying
to Regain Possession of It.

PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 29.—Members of
the famity of Gen. Robert E. Lee are en-
deavoring to regain possession of the Custis
family Bible, which Martha Washington
used in her.morning devotions and which
contains the birth and death records of
many of America’s famous men.

The Bible was mislaid by Gen. Lee's
family in moving from their home at Ar-
lington in 1861, following Gen. Lee's resig-
nation fromthe United States Army. Re-
cently Miss Mary Lee, a daughter of Gen.
Lee, while visiting this city learned, through
an anonymous letter, that the Bible was
in the possession of George W. Kendrick,
Jr., a well known Mason. She wrote to
Mr. Kendrick and asked him to return it,
but he declined, and it is probable that the
dispute arising over the ownership of the
Bible will be taken into court. r. Ken-
drick bought the Bible twenty-two yefrs
AG Fou aman named Stein, who has since

ied.

“I “understand,” said Mr. Kendrick,
“that Mr. Stein’s father, who was a soldier
in the Union Army, bought the book from
a sutler, who had previously purchased
it from a soldier who found it in the house
at Arlington.”

The Bible was published by Charles Bell
in London in 1702. It contained the en-
tries of the births of Fanny Parke Custis,
Sept. 13, 1710, and Daniel Parke Custis,
Oct. 13, 1711. There are also the records
of the marriage of Daniel and Martha
Custis and the births of their various chil-
dren. On the page at the end of the New
Testament is the birth record of George
W. P. Custis, the adopted son of Washington.

 

 

EXPRESSMEN LEARN TO SHOOT,

By Order of Senator Platt to All His Em-
ployees In Big Cittes.

CINCINNATI, Jan. 29,—At noon to-day
| several shots that rang out in quick succes-
sion startled pedestrians near Fourth
; and Sycamore strects. A big crowd, in-
Be two or three yolicemen, gathered
| in hot haste, There were no arrests. Tho
‘ policemen smiled broadly as they walked
| away, while the crowd dispersed generally

with inquiring faces. The excitement was
all caused by United States Senator Thomas
C. Platt of New York, who, as president, of
the United States Express Company, per-
sonally issued an order that all employees,
including clerks, must familiarize thém-
selves with the use of pistols.

The order, it is understood, applies to all
the large cities where express messengers
report after their trips, The order does
not explain why the office clerks must be-
come good shots, but the instructions are
pa and are bejng carried out here to the
etter, The pistol shots to-day were from
the basement of the Cincinnati office, under
the sidewalk, where theclerks have stationed
a figure the size and shape of a man for a
target. Senator Platt’s order is for each
employee to practise twice a week and to
shoot ten times during each practice. The
employees must furnish their own pistols,
but the company supplies the cartridges.

ee

Strauss Gets a Ten-Day Sentence for Couns
' terfelting Whiskey Labels,

William L. Strauss and William L. Haas,
members of the firm of William L. Strauss
& Co., importers, of 23 Murray street, were
each fined $500 and sentenced to ten days’
imprisonment in the Court of Special Ses-
sions yesterday, for counterfeiting the
label of a brand of whiskey. Strauss lives
at 155 West 128d street and Haas at 252
West 128th street.

The evidence against them was obtained
by William Strauss of 395 Bedford avenue,
Brooklyn, an agent. of the Wine and Spirits
Trades’ Society.

Strauss and Haas created a scene when
they were found guilty.

oF am a business man,” said Strauss.
“It would be a terrible thing to send me to

es
>
=
=
-
2
az
~
[m
-
S
S
=
=
=
=
$
3
=

ail.

“You should have thought of that hefore,”
remarked Presiding Justice Olmsted.

“But I have arranged to start on a trip
to Europe on Thursday,” put in Strauss.
“I have already bought the tickets. This
jail sentence will prevent my going.”

“We cannot take your convenience into
consideration,” said Justice Olmsted.

Strauss and Haas were then led to the
.Tombs to begin their sentences.

WOMEN DISTRUST THE COPS.

 

They Ask to Have All Women Prisoners
Taken at Once to a Police Matron.

Four members of the Women’s Prison
Relief Association called on Police Com-
missioner McAdoo yesterday and suggested
many changes to him. The Commissioner
begged for time to consider them. One
request puzzled him considerably.

It calls for the arraignment of all women
prisoners at a station at which there is a
matron. At present all female prizoners
are taken to the station in the precinct in
which they have been arrested and if there
| is no matron there the prisoner is sent to
| the nearest station house that has one.

The women who called on the Commis-
sioner yesterday argued that
| should take female prisoners direct to
| the nearest station where there is a matron.
| Their complaint on the matter says:
“This delay, no matter how short, en-
dangers the welfare of the prisoner.”

INDICTING LABOR LEADERS,

Chicago Grand Jury to Fix Responsibility
for Strike Violence,

Cuicaao, Jan. 29.~—A dozen indictments

 

 

 

have been found against labor union mem- | # despatch from Naples telling of the adop-

bers by the present Grand Jury. The case
of the Chicago Federation of Labor was
taken up to-day. Demands have been
made for all books, records, vouchers and
accounts of the Federation, It is under-
! gtcod that theso will not be surrendered
without a legal fight. The Grand Jury
intends to find out if the Federation officials
have had any knowledge of violence. If
eo, they may be prosecuted under the
game laws that were used to convict the
Anarchists,

 

|

 

|

 

 

 

policemen |

 

|
|
|

)

 

DEATHBED MARRIAGE STOPPED

YOUNG CATER FAINTED IN MID-
DLE OF CEREMONY,

 

Southerner, Mortally Ml in Bellevue, tne
sisted Upon Marrying His Sweet-
heart—-Wedding Had to Be Called
OW and He Died Within 24 : Hours.

There would have been a deathbed mar-
riage in Bellevue Hospital at 2 o'clock on
Thursday morning if the prospective bride-
groom had not fainted in the middle of
the ceremony. Oxygen was administered
in an effort to revive him but he was #0
weak that it had no effect. Then the pros-
pective bride’s sister, who was present,
protested againat the marriage ceremony
being carried any further, and her wishes
were granted.

The young man died yesterday at noon.
He was Robert D. Cater of Charleaton, 8. C.
The girl who was willing to marry hjm
was his second cousin, Migs Anna Cater,
who is pretty and about 23 years old.
She and her sister, Ella Cater, both of whom
came to this city from Charleston, 8S. C.,
to study art, are living at the Raleigh,
7 West Ninety-second street.

Marion Cater of Charleston and a grand-
nephew of Gen. Francis Marion of Revo-
lutionary fame, came to this city about
two years ago, shortly after his two cousins
came here to continue their art studies.
He had been Anna's sweetheart in Charles-
ton, and that was his principal reason for
following her here. His father wanted
him to stay at home, as he was a student in
Porter's Military Academy at Charleston
and a Lieutenant in the Gadsten Rifles.

The young man came here intending to
become a reporter on one of the newspa-
pers and to do sketch work, as he was
something of an artist himself. He didn’t
succeed in that, but he got employment
doing advertising work for a big depart-
ment store,

A week ago Wednesday he became ill
and the department store’s physician told
him that he had pneumonia. The young
man went to the New York Hospital, it is
said, and was told that he was in good
health.

Then he returned to his home at the Park-
wood Hotel, 39 Gramercy Park, but a few
days later became worse and a chum,
Bla‘ce L. White, who lived with him, sent
for a doctor. The doctor said that Cater
was pretty sick and that the proper place
for him was in the hospital.

When the young man landed in Bellevue
on Sunday the doctors diagriosed his case
as pleuro-pneumonia. For a day or two
he seemed to improve, but late on Wednes-
day night there was a change for the worse.
It was then that he conceived the idea of
being married at once.

He sent a message to his chum, White,
and the latter hurried to the hospital. Cater
told him that he wanted to be married at
once and to send for his fiancée.

“Then,” said Cater, “you find a minister
and bring him here.”

White first telephoned to the Cater girls

around fora parson. After some difficulty
—it was then near midnight—he found the
Rev. E. P. Newton, one of the assistants of
the Rey. J. Lewis Parks of the Calvary
Protestant Episcopal Church, at Twenty-
first street and Fourth avenue.

The Rey. Mr. Newton said he would per-
form the ceremony,and he and Mr. White |
got to the hospital about an hour later. |
They arrived a few minutes after the Cater |
girls, who lost no time in getting down
from their home,

The young man was propped up in bed,
and the bride-to-be sat on the side of the
bed. The minister began reading the
marriage ceremony and it was noticed that
the ypung man became weaker and weaker,
Finally he fell back on the pillow in a dead
faint and the minister stopped reading.

Dr. Plumley, who was in charge of the
ward, sent one of the attendants for oxygen,
which was brought. Efforts were made to
bring the young man to, but they failed,
and then it was that Miss Cater’s sister in-
terfered.

She said she doubted whether it wa |
wise that the ceremony should have been |
started and thought that, under the cir- |
cumstances, it would be decidedly unwise |
to finish it. She appealed to her sister and, |
at the suggestion of the doctors, it was
decided not to”attempt to continue the
ceremony.

The two girls stayed at the bedside of |
young Cater until noon Tuesday, Then
they went home. The young man grew
worse and died yesterday. His body
was shipped to Charleston, S. (., last night.

 

108 of ’Em In the Mescanique Apartment
Will Try to Get an Injunction.

The 108 tenants of the Mescanique apart-
ment house, 682 to 702 East 138th street, are
angry at the management and threaten
all sorts of trouble, Notice was served on
Thursday that the rent of all the apartments
would be raised on Feb. 1. The tenants
immediately called a meeting in one of the
big hall rooms of the apartment house and
adopted a resolution protesting against the
increase of rent.

Webb Williams, vice-president and man-
ager of Hamilton’s Home Providing Com-
pany, was in the chair. The tenants also
came ‘back at the management by de-

|
TENANTS WON'T PAY MORE RENT. |

 

 

manding “an improved service, such ser-
vice to include an adequate supply of steam
heat, hot and cold water, and that our re-
spective apartments be made tenantable.
Furthermore, that the elevator service be
increased and improved, halls kept in a
clean and sanitary condition, and proper
compartments be provided for storage of
trunks,’’ A demand also will be made for
improved telephone service.

filliams said that an effort would be
made to get an injunction apetnat the man-
agement, and the tenants all pledged them-
selves to stick together. They said that an
individual disposseas would have to be
served on each of them before they could
be ousted.

A copy of the resolution will be forwarded
to-day to John J. McKelvey, president of
the City Home Improvement Company,
by which the building is owned, and Charles
C. Smith, superintendent of the apartment.

Ex-Mayor Low Resolving at Naples.

General Manager Emil I. Boas of the
Hamburg-American Line received yesterday

tion by passengers of the steamship Deutsch-
land of resolutions congratulating the line
and Capt. Kaempff_ on the ship's record |
ponsage from New York. Ex-Mayor Seth
Low signed the resolutions for the pas-
sengers.

 

 

- —_—_—_— |
Southern's Palm Limited

To the East Coast of Florida,
Via Pa. R. R., Southern Ry. The splendor of equip-
ment and punctual performance of theexcellent
schedule account for superior patronage of this |
Gress train, New York Offices, 271 and 1485 B' way, |
—Adv.

 

 

Young Cater, who was a son of Julius

|
to come to the hospital, and then he hustled |
|
|
|
|
\

| the minister.

Fair to-d

° 190 4.—Conuriont, 1904, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

ARMY THE FINEST. .

OUR

 

Lord Wolseley Points to It as a Model for
“ngland.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THe Sun,

Lonpon, Jan. 30.—Field Marshal Lord
Wolseley, formerly Commander-in-Chief of
the British Army, has again written in
reference to the decline in military re-
cruiting in Great Britain. He reaffirms
his belief in the superiority of the army
of the United States, saying:

“The American Government is wiser than
ours, They pay their men well, with the
result that the American Army, so far as
it goes in numbers, is the finest in the world.
Until we adopt a similar method of obtain-
ing recruits our army will never be in a
thoroughly satisfactory state.”

PROTESTS AT PANAMA,

People Object to Constitutional Clause
About American Interference.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR Sun,

PanaM4, Jan. 29.— A despatch received here
to-day fromWashington says that the chances
are good for the appointment of Hezekiah
A. Gudger, the American Consul-General
here, as Minister to succeed William J.
Buchanan, The news created a favorable
impression.

The constitution prepared by the Con-
stitutional Convention will be ready next
Monday in its revised form for its last
reading. Tho probabilities are that there
will be no further modifications. An
article that has been added relative to
the United States interfering in internal
troubles of the republic has caused popular
resentment. Circulars have been distrib-
uted in the streets declaring that the
article destroys the political liberty of the
people of Panama.

MUSTN'T HUG THE BIG GIRLS.

Aquashicola School Board Puts a Check
on the Men Teachers.

LEHIGHTON, Pa., Jan, 29.—At a meeting
of the Aquashicola School Board last even-
ing charges were made by a committee of
taxpayers that the “Teachers were dumb,
and that some of them hugged the big
girls.” The following rules were finally
adopted:

“In case the pupil cannot solve a prob-
lem, the teacher must at once step to the
blackboard and work it. If he fails to do
80 charges will be preferred against him.
Teachers must not hug the big girls or
say ‘How do you do, my dear?’ or use any
other terms of endearment when meeting
them.”

One of the directors was reprimanded

 

 

 

| because he suspended a pupil for chewing

gum.

 

| COPS MUSTN'T BE T00 FRIENDLY.

MecAdoo’s Order “Aimed Chiefly at What
Might Bo Business Talks.

Police Commissioner McAdoo was amused
yesterday at the construction put on his
“no conversation” order of Thursday. Some
folks seemed to think that the order was
aimed particularly at police conversations
with the other sex.

The order, the Commissioner explained,
was intended to keep the members of the
force from engaging in unnecessary con-
versation with one another while on duty
and to put a stop to chats with citizens on
other than police business. The clause
referring to women was meant chiefly,

he said, to keep the police from talking to
disreputable women. Friendliness with
them, he said, wasn’t likely to be advan-

AERO

Mr. McAdoo added that he bore no ill-
feeling toward nurses, maids or cooks,
and thought they made ideal sweethearts
and wives. In his opinion, however, the
oops would do better service should they
do their courting when not on duty.

CLERGY MAN’S LIFE THREATENED

The Rev. A.G. Mills, Under Charges, Hears
of Plot to Kill Him,

SHARON, Pa., Jan. 29.—The Rev. A. G.
Mills, pastor of Grace Methodist Church
of New Castle, is in great fear that an at-
tempt will be made toassassinatehim. He
has within the last week received several
latters threatening his life. He has placed
the matter in the hands of the District
Attorney.

Prominent members of his church are
involved, and important developments are
expected. In one of the letters the Rey.

Mr. Mills was asked to beat acertain bridge
on acertain night to hear something to his
interest. Fearing treachery, he took four
men with him,

There they met a young man of a promi-
nent family who unfolded a plot to kill
He said he had been induced
to take part in the affair by three members
of the church and that he had lost his nerve,

 

| The Rev. Mills is under a charge of im-

moral conduct and is to be tried at the
district conference to be held in June.

 

THE LETTER THAT WON CASSATT,

Railroad President Approves Claim of
Man Who Was Broke, but Hopeful.

PitTsnuRG, Jan. 29.—President Cassatt
of the Pennsylvania Railroad put his “O, K.”
on a letter from a Homeville man to-day
who had been trying to collect a debt against
the company for two years. The letter
was:

I respectfully attach papers covering claim
against your company. Inasmuch as the
claim has all the earmarks of a just one and
having no influential friends I beg to solicit
vour aid. Would you but say the word to
the proper official that would cause that
gentleman to loosen his grip on my $38.13
and a prospective threadbare existence would
take on a more promising hue and IT would
alraost forgive my employer the wage re-
duction threatened me? In return I will
pray daily that those Western Union‘ poles
do not sprout and grow again. Strange
as it may seem it feels as easy to write you
as to an ordinary mortal, but perhaps this is
because IT know this wiil hardly escape the
waste basket of that good looking gentle-
man, your secretary. Broke, but hopeful,

C W, ATEINSON.

ADVOCATES “CLEAN MONEY.”

Dr. Darlington Before the House Committee
on Banking and Currency.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 29.—Dr. ‘1homas Dar-
lington, president of the Board of Health
of New York, was before the House Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency to-day
in advocacy of the Gaines bill to provide
for the circulating of “clean money.”

Dr. Darlington said that in his opinion
money was in many instances the means of
transmitting from one person to another
certain disease germs. An investigation to
ascertain this fact definitely, he said, was
in progress, being conducted by Dr. Park

 

of the bacteriological laboratory of New |

York. Should it be demonstrated that
such is the case, he said, an effort would be
made to devise a plan for sterilization of
the money, both coin and paper, which came
from the great arteries of trade.

 

Deerfoot Farm Sausages.

With increasing knowledge of the danger to
health through Carclensly prepared food, con-
sumers grow more fastidious In their selection.
EDTA means purity, dalrtiness. cleanliness,
-, t.

i ’

SATURDAY, JANUARY 90, 2004.

ay; fair and warmer to-morrow.

PRICE TWO CENTS.
WOMAN FORGER GETS A CHANCE

SENT

 
    

   

 

MABEL PARKER, GUILTY,
TO A REFORMATORY,

 

Her Husband to Sing Sing on a Long Sen-
tence—“‘She Was Innocent” Gays He
—And “so I Was,” Says She-—Ghe'll
Keep Straight After This, if Released.

Mabel Parker Singerley was convicted
in General Sessions, at 9:30 o’clook laat
night, of aiding and abetting a forgery, and
Judge Foster, denying the application of
her counsel for delay and taking into ao-
count a recommendation for mercy made
by the jury, sent her to the ‘ord Re-
formatory, from which she can be released
when the authorities deem best.

As soon as his wife was taken from the
court room, her husband, James Parker
Singerley, who pleaded guilty several
months ago to forging the check for cashing
which his wife was tried, was sentenced
to ten years at hard labor in the State
Prison.

The jury retired at 4:15 o'clock, and
upon taking a ballot it was learned that
the jurors stood 7 to 5 for conviction of
forgery and abetting forgery. After two
ballots the figures stood 9 to 3 for con-
viction. After half a dozen ballota the
jurors compromised on the second count
of the indictment. The woman winoed
and seemed near tears at the verdict. It
was her second trial and after a disagree-
ment on the first she and her counsel looked
for nothing worse than another disagree-
ment. In both trials Assistant District
Attorney Arthur C. Train was the prose-
cutor.

Mrs. Parker was dressed in a neat gray
suit trimmed with green velvet. Her
lawyer, Charles E. LeBarbier, was not
present. Phil Waldheimer, who appeared
for him, urged a postponement of sentence
on that account.

“I do not see why there should be any
delay,” replied Judge Foster.

“I consider you a dangerous person,”
said the Judge to the defendant. “Aftera
fair trial you have been convicted, and the
verdict meets with my entire approval
I don’t see how any other could have been
reached. With you at large the mercantihe
community would not be safe. The jury
has recommended mercy. I, following
my usual custom, shall not set my judgment
against that of the twelve men on the j
and will send you to a reformatory. mit
you lapse after your release from there
-——and that will depend much on youraclf—
you can be sent to the Auburn State prison
for women. I gsertence you to the Bedford
Reformatory for Women.”

“Thank you,” said the young woman,
and was led away.

“James Parker Singerley,” called Clerk

Gallagher.
He was brought in, his face prison
ht gray suit and

bleached. He wore a 1

black necktie. He has n addicted to
the use of morphine, but looked strong
enough. In soReerence he is above the
| average in intelligence and refinement.

“You have been convicted of felony be-
fore,” said Judge Foster tohim. “Then the
law charitably sent you to Elmira, where
you did not reform. believe that you
have ruined the codefendant. have
been informed that she led a decent life
until she fret you, but since then has be-
come loose.

“I believe that you took the stand and
perjured yourself in her behalf in these
trials, You have been convicted of forgery,
a peculiarly dangerous crime to the mer-
cantile community. I am satisfied from
all that I have heard and from the evidence
you gave that you are a dangerous man
and I am going to lock you up for a
time. My only regret is that the law w
not permit me to send you away for a longer
time. I sentence you to the State Prison

for ten years at hard labor.”
The youthful convict impassively turned
away and was taken to the prison pen. With
a grated door between them, he and his
wife clasped hands.

“Judge Foster was lenient to her,” he
said afterward. “I can stand what f get
and I'm glad that she got off so light. Bite
didn’t have Soy uning to do with those
forgeries, you know. I did them, as I
have said, and she knew nothing of them.

“I think The off light but then I ought
to, because I am innocent,” said his wife.
“But to think of his long term in prison,
I hope to get out of the Bedford Reformatory
soon and I shall continue to lead a straight
life when I do”

The Parkers are young. She gave her
age aq 21. Her husband is a few years
her senior. They parene forged checks on

1

several dry goods houses and were indicted
on a dozen or more of the forgeries,

WASHINGTON CHURCH BURNED.

The Lutheran Memorial Almost Totally
Destroyed Last Night.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.—The Lutheran
Memorial Church, the leading church of
that denomination in Washington, was
almost totally destroyed by fire to-night,
At the time the fire started many members
of the congregation were in the assembly
room celebrating the seventy-eighth birth-
day of the Rev. J. G. Butler, the pastor
of the church, who has held that position
since the edifice was erected, about thirty
years ago.

The fire started in the steeple, either
from defective insulation of the electrio
light wires or from a gas jet that had been
left burning. Five minutes after the first
spark was seen the tower was a mass of

ames, and when the firemen arrived their
efforta were devoted to saving the rear of
the structure.

The fire was the mos t spectacular seen
in Washington in a long time. Half an
hour aftef the blaze was discovered the tall,
wooden steeple toppled and fell, and soon
afterward the roof and a portion of the walls
of the edifice fell in.

The Memorial Church is a national insti-
tution of the Lutheran Church, having been
built by contributions from all parts of the
country, with that aim in view, at a cost of
$210,000. In front of the church stands
a statue of Martin Luther, also obtained
by Poesy subscription, at a cost of $14,000,
and made in the same mould as_ the one at
Worms, being tse suggestion of ex-Mayor
Charles A. hieren of Brooklyn while
attending a similar birthday party in tho
early 80s. It was transported to this coun-
try free of care /stat@e was not
injured by the fire.

GIRL TRIED TO ENLIST.

Wanted to Accompany Her Sweetheart
to the Philippines,

Cu1caao, Jan. 20.— Dressed in a suit of her
brother’s clothes, and with her long brown
hair cut short and crammed into a man’s wig,
May Bondell, 22 years old, of Terre Haute,
Ind., applied to the recruiting sergeant at
Fort Sheridan yesterday to be mustered
into Company I, which is ordered to join
the Twentieth Regiment in the Philippines
as soon as it has reached its full strength.
| The girl broke down when she was informed

that she must Goosres the regular physical
| examination, and confessed her sex. Heart.
| broken at the though of separation from

her sweetheart, Carl Pflanum, who is a pri-
vate in the companyyshe said that she tried
to enlist as a inan in order to accompany
him and share his danger.

 

 

 

A dozen very attractive and instructive articles
in the Four-Track News for February. Fiv
at newsdealers,— ™~ " nN cent

 

ane need

SS

pes ara eS ae

ee

yes
Se

Seeaeeser nes co
Se