A

\

/

 

fl ,

n

\

:

 

‘ .,
oe
a
|

a

SS er a

VOL, LEXL—=NO, 06

Togo Trying to Prevent th
Russian Fleet's Escaps,

‘

ee

FAST SHIPS LEAVE PORT.

Land Fighting Goes Against the
Russians.

 

Kalping Reported Taken and Kouropatkin

Saia to Be Withdrawing His Forees

RAVAL BATTLE OR =

 

 

|

 

 

NEW YORK: SATURDAY; JU
| YEARNS FOR BABY SHE FOOND |

THE KAISER WOULDN'T RACK,

Aas ee eee ae

Not ithe the Way American Yachts
Are Malled—Ingomar Wine.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Taw Str

Kitt, July 1~-Races for three classes of
yachts, from Kiel to Travemunde, started
eatly to-day, imperor William's Moteor
{(f, the Empreaa’s Iduna, Morton Plant's
Ingomar and Herr Ballin's Hamburg en-
tered the big achooner class, but the im-
perial yachts did not sail, the race being
between the Ingomar and Hamburg. Their
course was nearly 100 miles long. The
smaller yachts had shorter courses,

The wind was light and variable, which
prolonged the contest until a late hour.
The Ingomar and Navahoe won in their
respective clasaes, There was much dis-
appointment that the Emperor neither
sailed the Meteor III. himeelf, as ia his cus-
tom, nor allowed her to be sailed.

Lonpon, July 2.—A despatch to the Daily
\Mail from Kiel says that Emperor William
lis so annoyed by the manner in which the
American yachts there have been sailed that
he refused tosharein the races Friday. He

From Hatcheng—Raussian Report om | gid not attend the distribution of prizes.
the Situation Around Port Arthur |

Admits the Loss of Several Important | @! Kiel up to Jun

Positions—Another Japanese
Landed on Fiilott Island, Ready to

Join Either of the Fighting Dtvisions,

Special Cable Despatches to Thr Sun
CHEFOO, July 1.—A steamer which has
arrived here brings a report of a big sea

|

'

 

|

The Field describes in detail the racing
e 29, but makes no mention

of dissatisfaction with the Americans.

Foroe | it temarks that the Meteor III. was wholly

to Dame for the incident on dune 26, when
she was nearly in collision with the Ingo-
mar, a fact which Emperor William recog-
nized by retiring from the race.

The Field points out that the measure-
ment and time allowance rules governing
the regatta have proved very unsatisfac-

fight midway between Port Arthur andj tory for the British and American yachte,

_ this port this afternoon. The

\ passed within fifteen miles of a Japanese | ditions

steamer | none of which is built to meet such con-

squadron, consisting of two battleships | TO ARREST UNION OFFICERS.

and five cruisers, all of which were engag- | Jury at Cripple Creek Blames Them for | the superintendent, if you pleabe,

ing an opposing fleet.
The latter could not be seen, but the

Mob Fatalities.

Cripeiu CreeKx, Col., July 1.—The  in-

Japanese were too far from the land fo be | quest over the bodies of Roscoe McGee

tiring at the shore batteries.

mendous explosion,

to discern whether a Japanese or a

reported that only one battleship and four |

+ cruisers remained in the harbor. It was
then believed that the others had escaped
as did the torpedo boat destroyer Burakoff.

and John Davis, killed in the street riot at

% The crew of the steamer heard a tre- | Vietor on June 6, was concluded to-day.
but it was impossible | The jury returned a verdict fixing the

actual killing upon two men and accusing

. : | the officers and executive board of the West-
Russian ship was affected. !

Previous to the receipt of this news a|/ members of the federauon of complicity
Chinaman who left Port Arthur last night | im the crime,

 

}

ern Federation of Miners and some ninety |} get it right away.

The verdict charges that City Marshal
McConnell of Victor organized a band of
ninety union miners: the morning before the

; riot for the express purpose of resisting

the military and the citizens’ committee

LonpDon, July 2.~The report of the naval; in ferreting out the perpetrators of the
battle south of Port Arthur rests entirely | Independence outrage and ridding the camp

steamer which
They tocate the

of the unnamed German
has arrived at Chefoo.

on the authority of the captain and crew | Of agitators.

The verdict accuses the officers of the
federation of aiding in this work and of

| encouraging it with incendiary utterances

scene of the battle about forty miles north! and orders to officers of various district

of Chefoo, which would make it approxi- |

mately the same distance from Port Arthur, |

‘They say that they plainly saw the flashes
of the guns of the opposing ships, although
only the Japaneses vessels were visible.
The time is stated to have been 1 P.M.

 

unfons.
Warrants have been issued for the fede-

| ration officers, Most of the miners accused

in the verdict are in jail here.

DIVORCE TURNED TO MARRIAGE.

 

Assuming the story fo be true, it is sup- | Estranged Couple Meet to Sign Papers and

posed here that the Russians have agaip |
tried what they failed to achieve on June |
23, elther aiming to join the Vladivostok

squadron or to reach @ neutral port to

insure their ultimate safety.

The probability that they deliberately
assailed the Japanese is regarded as pre-
a luded in view of the admission of inferior

strength contained in Admiral Alexieff’s

‘espatch regarding the previous engage-
It is therefore to be asaumed that
the Japanese lay in wait to engage the
Ruselans instead of driving them into port,
as they did on June 23.

Gen. Zilinsky's despatch tells all that is
known about the closing in on Port Arthur.
it seems that these operations as well as
the Kinchau battle will never be described
hy independent observers as it is practically
certain that no correspondents were with
either army.

Tt Is believed, however, that the Ameri-
“eon and British correspondents who have

heen so long at Tokio are either on the way

to the front or will leave soon, arriving
in time to witness the expected downfall
ef Port arthur

LOST NO SHIPS IN LAST FIGHT.

Anssilan Report of the Previous Battie
—Japs Use Whitehead Torpedoes.
Special Cable Despatch to Tax Sun

St. PETERsBURG, July 1.--The first de
tafled official account of the engagement
at Port Arthur on June 23-24 has been re-
ceived in the form of a despatch from Ad-

‘ miral Alexieff, dated June 30. It says:

“A report received to-day from the acting
commander of the Port Arthur squadron
tates that on the night of June 23 eight
tarpado boate were despatched to guard
the roadstead seven miles seaward.

“They repulsed the enemy's torpedo

; hoate, which had approached. During
the action Commander Eliesseien, Lieut.
Smirnoff and two bluejacketsa were wounded.
All the torpedo boata returned toward
mol .

“At 8 o'clock the Novik, Diana, Askold,

Sevastopol, Poltava, Tsarevitch, Pobieda,

Pereaviet, Retvizan, Bayan and Pallada

ment,

 

Wtteamed inte the roadstead in line and

anohored.

“Two Japanese floating mines having
heen eaten in the roadstead, the equadron
remained at anchor. Meanwhile several
small boats which had been searching for
mines discovered and exploded ten on the
eastern side of the roadstead. An exami-
hatiowof these showed that they probably
had been laid during the night by two of
‘he enemy's torpedo beats, which had ap-

\ Proached the port.

“At 2 P. M. the equadron, preceded by

and the Novik, steamed in line ahead to-
‘oward the open sea, and having emerged
without mishap shaped ite course south-
ward. Thedredging boats were sent back
*tcorted by armed picket boats.

Two Japanese scouts, with a detach-
ment of torpedo boate, watched the equad-
‘on all the while. Twenty miles from
‘hore @ Japanese squadron was sighted,
‘leaming in divisions in line ahead. It
at composed of four first class battle-
ohine and one second class battleship,
‘Our armored first class cruisers, seven
‘econd class and five third class cruisers,
» (16 scout, one steamer and thirty tor-

hedo boat. :

“As they approached, the Japanese were

**en to be preparing to place a division of
“Tulsers gnd torpedo boats between the

}: flotilla of mine dredgers, torpedo boats

ae:
insiet wpem having Burnett's Vanilla.—Ace.

Decide to Wed Again,

Port JERVIS, N. Y., July 1.—Mr. and Mrs.
Edward A. Bibby of New York were married
at midnight at Milford, Pa., Wednesday
night. They met there by appointment
to execute divorce papers, Mrs. Bibby
having obtained a decree in the Pike county
court on June 3 last,

The couple registered at the Bluff House
and after dinner talked over their affairs.
The old love was rekindled and they de-
cided to remarry. They had some trouble
in securing a license and a minister, but at
midnight they were again man and wife.

CRAZY FARMER BESIEGED.

Kept Four Deputies at Bay—Was Starving
His Family.

Hempstead, L. I., July 1.—Edward Den-
ton, a farmer, with a double-barreled shot-
gun kept four deputy sheriffs out of his
house for nearly two days. He was insane,
it is said, and had been without food for
nearly four days. He had also kept his
wife and six children without food for
some time and the smaller of the family
of children, twin girls, were almost half
starved when the father was at lastplaced
in irons and taken to the jail at Hempstead
this afternoon.

Without any warning symptoms he be-
came insane on Monday. Stationing him-
self outside the kitchen door he forbade
his wife and children to leave the premises
Occasionally he would enter the different
rooms and awaken the sleeping children
and his wife and compel them to keep mov-
ing about the house, When they were
half dead for want of sleep the threat of
shooting kept them awake.

As Mrs. Fred Kosel was driving by sha
heard calls for help and drove into the yard,
when Mrs. Denton informed her of her
plight. This was done by some chance
without attracting Denton's attention, and
soon the deputies were on hand. All yes-
terday they surrounded the house. The
crazy man never once slept and always
had his gun ready.

Deputy Sheriff Gardiner finally man-
aged to crawl into the house by a back door
and then through the hall to the front of
the house and through the partly opened
front door. Thus he was able to seize the
gun of Denton, who at once attacked him,
and both went rolling over on the ground,
The other officers immediately ran up
and Denton was manacled. He would say
very little to the doctors who examined him.

“There has been a great buzzing in my
ears for some days and that's why I have
been without food and would not allow
any one to leave or enter my house, I
did not want them to have anything,” said
he.

TOBOGGANED DOWN A
Landy’s Tumble Off the Reof a Remarkable
Stunt—Kicked His @wn Face.

Thomas Lundy, a laborer living at 442
West Fifty-fourth street, went home last
night at 10 o'clock. He went to the roof,
lay down near the edge at the rear and
went to sleep. Some time later he rolled
off .
The building is five stories high. Running
from the rear of the third story is a taut
wire cable which supports a tall chimney
on the roof of a one story extension in the
rear of 433 West Fifty-third street.

Lundy's body struck this slanti
and he was shot swiftly to the roof of the
extension. The only ury he received
was @ bruise on his forehead caused by his
feet colliding with his face. His wife put
him to bed for the rest of the night.

 

 

WIRE.

cable

 

 

 

|

 

 

JOSEPHINE RUGULO TRIES 10
STRAL 17 FROM BELLEVUE.

 

She t¢ 29 and It Was Deserted tn Tene-
ment MMallway-—@he Cowldn’t Sieep
for Laenging for it—Mother Yields,
but Pubiie Machine Never Retents.

A black haired, black eyed, rosy cheeked
little girl, with determination ‘written
all over her chubby face, ran into the East
T wenty-second street station early yeater-
day morning and stood in front of Sergt.
McDonald's desk. She was just tall enough
to poke her round chin over the ralling

“Well?” said the sergeant.

“I want my baby!" declared the small
peraon, ‘

“You want your what?” asked McDonald.

“I want my baby. It’s mine, ‘cause [
found it.”

McDonald didn't know what to make of
hie little visitor for a few minutes. Then
it came to him that the child was twelve-
year-old Josephine Rugulo of 413 East
Eighteenth street, who found a two-weeks-
old baby deserted in the hallway of the
tenement where the Rugulos live on Thurs-
day morning. The sergeant saw that this
Was @ most persistent “little mother.”

“Well, Josephine,” said he, “when the big
policeman took your baby away from you
yesterday and your mother said her five
youngsters were all she could attend to,
they sent it to Bellevue Hospital. If you
will run around there maybe they will give
it to you.”

‘The child flew out of the station house
and ran all the way to Bellevue.

To the gateman she said: “Let me see

I've
come to get my baby.”

The gateman nearly fell off his chair
from astonishment, but little Black Eyes
had a way with her, and the superintendent
was sent for. When Mr. Rickard came
Josephine's eyes flashed and she said:

“I came for my baby that the big police-
man took away from me last night. Please

I couldn't sleep a bit
last night for thinking about the sweet
little thing, so I ran away from home just
as soon as I had had my breakfast. I
think I can get my mamma to take it —”

“But what baby, whose baby, child?
What are you talking about?” asked the
superintendent. |

Then Josephine told her story all over |
again and the superintendent opened his }
eyes wider than the sergeant did. Then
he explained to Josephine quite in the man-
ner of talking to a grown-up that the baby
was in the hands of a something called }
the law and that it had to be given to a |
society that cares for deserted babies. '

Josephine’s face grew longer every word
Mr. Rickard\ spoke. Then she asked, with
tears dimming her bright eyes: '

“Can't I even see it?”

“Of course you can,” said the superin-
tendent. ‘

An attendant took Josephine to the babies’ |
ward, right beside the hospital gate. Then
Josephine begged the nurse to let her hold
the baby a few minutes.

“It's mine anyway, really and truly,”
she said. “You ought to let me have it a
little while.”

Josephine's tears dried and the gloom dis-
appeared as she took the mite in her arma.
Then the nurse was called away for a few
minutes, and she leTt Josephine cooing and
playing with the tiny foundling in high
glee.

As quick as the nurse's back was turned,
Josephine caught the baby up tightly in
her arms and scooted for the hospitai en-
trance. She was running like a quail when
the nurse spied her and called to the gate-
man, who stopped the runaway.

“But it's mine, and I'm only taking it
home," insisted Josephine.

Then they sent her away, sobbing as
if her motherly little heart would break.
An hour later she was back at Bellevue
with Mrs. Rugulo.

“I've got five and It's about all I can do
to look after the dears,” said she, “but
Josephine is just so set on having the baby
that I'm willing to take it and give it a
home.” ;

"I'm sorry,” said Supt. Rickard.” *I
think this child of yours is the sort that
ought to have her wish, but half an hour
ago the baby was taken away by Mr. Walker,
who looka after the foundlings for the
Charity Organization Society. It has been
placed in an institution by this time."

Josephine gave a wail of despair and
the last Bellevue saw of the Rugulos was
the child trudging homeward by her
mother’s side, the tears falling fast.

CLEVELAND AT RBUZZARD’S BAY.

The ex-President Arrives on EF. C. Benedict's
Yacht and Goes Fishing.

Bvuzz4RpD's Bay, Mass., July 1.—Com-
modore E. C. Benedict's steam yacht Oneida
arrived here to-day, having on board, hbe-
sides her owner, Grover Cleveland of Prince-
ton and Dr. Bryant. The yacht anchored
off Gray Gables and the party will remain
here for a week. ,

The neighbors of Mr. Cleveland and the
boatmen along the bay shore were on the
watch for the yacht atdaylight, and as she
steamed along the narrow channel hearty
cheers echoed across the bay, and flags
on the summer residences along the shore
were dipped in honor of the arrival of the
ex-President. Mr. Cleveland seemed in
perfect health.

As soon as the yacht came to anchor
an officer was sent ashore with telegrams
from Mr. Cleveland to Mrs. Cleveland at
Sandwich, N. H., announcing his safe ar-
rival. The weather cleared at 11 o'clock,
and Mr. Cleveland, Dr. Bryant and Com-
modore Benedict came ashore and spent
a short time in Gray Gables and later looked
over the improvements that have been
made during the past year.

This afternoon the party went fishing
for.bottom fish off Wing's Neck. Joseph
Jefferson has arranged a fishing trip to
Sandwich, eight miles from here, where
both he and Mr. Cleveland have well
stocked trout brooks.

Centre Ossrrek, N. H., July 1.—Mrs.
Grover Cleveland and her children are
summer residents of New Hampshire to-
day. They arrived last night, completing
be ore aa ot

Cj _w
dlate faraly, eens a large company
° . who are to spend a seaso
the Sandwich Hills. 7 oe

SPECIAL TRAIN FROM
JULY 4

 

 

 

ATLANTIO CITY

 

“es Via Pennsy! Leaves Atlantic Ci
The Brooklyn Citizea. 600 P. M., stop at Trenton, N
Reduced to One Cent.— Ade. taleabeah Newark. Parlor cars rng
Baths Brighten Reach. $2.00 to Albany by West Shore train |
NOW OPEN. Concert Alverncon . n and W . he ers.
Baubing every eight except Sats. Sta Sere parvice. tae. ist odeanthtits | 7

 

A a ae ange

NOT A WEEPY, WAILY WOMAN. |

Helped Dig Two Men Out of Mmash-t'p |
~Wanted No Little Heroine Stories.

Touls Pittaburg of 1 Second aventie was |
driving a team of bays to a victoria in |
Central Park yesterday afternoon when |
the horses took fright and ran away.
At Fighty-firet street and the Fast Drive.
the horses crashed into a Hoffman House
hansom cab driven by James Duffy of 144
Fast Twenty-third atreet.

An unootnmonly pretty girl in a bronze
silk suit and one of those green and rer
summer garden hata was Duffy's fare. She
saw the runaways before the smash came
and, calling to the cabby to pull hard to
starboard, leaped. She escaped the tanglo
of plunging horses and then helped Cop
Devlin extricate Pittsburg and Duffy.
When Devlin asked her how it was that
she didn't lose her nerve she laughed and
said:

“For Heaven's sake, do I look like one
of those shrieky, weepy, waily women?”

“What's your name, m&é‘'am?” asked
Devlin.

“Excuse me,” said the girl, “I don't want
every paper in New York to print pretty

little heroine yarns about me.
neither actress nor divorcee. I'm j
plain girl.”

Then she hailed a passing cab and left
the cop staring open-eyed.

Pittsburg and Duffy were
but not much hurt.

ehaken up

SOCIETY MEN IN FIST FIGHT.

Willing and Dade of Philadelphia Fight
Twenty Rounds to a Finish?

PHILADELPHIA, July 1.—To settle a
grudge, Charles Willing and F, Cadwallader
Dade, both of whom are well known socially,
fought twenty rounds last night to settle
@ grudge, and Willing was proclaimed the
victor. The fight, which was witnessed by
a few of the friends of the men, was lively
from the start.

The men fought because they had a tiff
on the streets several weeks ago in which
Dade slapped Willing in the face. Willing
was hot, and Dade didn’t object to the row
going still further.

It had been agreed that the fight should
be to a finish, and it went to the twentieth !
round with neither of the combatants
having gained any apparent advantage.
Toward the end of this round Willing landed j;
a blow that resulted in a knockout. A for. :
mer Yale oarsman was referee.

Dade married Frances Rawle Pemberton,
an actress. Willing is a relative of Mrs.
John Jacob Astor.

 

MISS VAN ALEN WAS ANGRY.

Wanted Customs Inspectors to Pass Her
Without a Declaration.

Boston, July 1.—Misa May Van Alen,
daughter of James J. Van Alen of New
York, was one of the passengers returning ,
from Europe on the White Star liner Re- |
public. Miss Van Alen had quite a tilt
with customs inspectors over her baggage,
but finally capitulated.

When the inspectors‘asked Miss Van
Alen if she had prepared a declaration of
the contents of her trunks, she said it was
an insult to ask a woman of her standing
to file a declaration and threatened to com-
plain to her father. She said she never |
had to declare her baggage when entering |

 

at New York.

The Inspectors tried to explain that the
law did not allow them to recognize any
social distinctions between passengers, and
finally told Miss Van Alen that she would
have to make out the declaration or remain
on board. After an hour's delay the young
woman concluded to make out the decla-
ration.

THINK DIVER PLANNED DEATH.

Snepicion of Suicide in Case of Capt. Met-
calf, Drowned While at Work.

CHESTER, Pa., July 1.—Capt. George
H. Metcalf, formerly of New York, who
was in charge of the divers engaged
in deepening the Delaware River channel
off Schooner Ledge, near here, was drowned
to-day in a peculiar manner.

The men on the Government dredge
Gen. Newton had difficulty with the drills
and Capt. Metcalf donned a diver's uniform
and went down in twenty feet of water.
He had not been at the bottom long when
he gave a tug at the signal line and was
quickly hauled to the surface. When pulled
on the deck of the dredge he was dead.
The helmet had come off.

The authorities here believe that Metcalf
had arranged the helmet headgear so as
to commit suicide. The body was turned
ever to Coroner Edward 8. Fry, who is
making an investigation. Metcalf had been
in a very sullen mood for several days and
his trip tothe bottom of the river this after-
noon was voluntary, as he insisted in going
down in place of the diver who was to
have made the repairs.

NO SUNDAY GAMES FOR MONEY.

Orders Given to Arrest Ball Players and
Score Card Sellers.

Police Commissiofer McAdoo has given
instructions to Deputy Commissioner Farrel]
of the boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens
to stop all Sunday baseball games to which
an admission fee of any kind is charged
by the arrest of all the participants, includ-
ing the players, umpire and ecore card
sellers. Commissioner McAdoo bases his
order on the recent decision of Justice
Gaynor, who held that it is against the
law to charge admission to ball games or
any other kind of sport on Sundays.

Deputy Commissioner Farrell has been
directed to notify the captains in whose
precincts games are played that they will
be held responsible for the enforcement of
the order. There is to be no interference
with ball playing on Sunday merely as a
pastime.

PRIEST’S WIRELESS SYSTEM.

Plans to Have Each Letter Mepresented
by a Musical Tone.

WILKESBARRE Pa., July 1.~Father
Joseph Murgas of this city, the priest who
is perfecting a wireless telegraph system,
the invention of which he had patented
on May 10, arranged to-day to locate a sta-
tion at Soranton, twenty miles from here.
He will then carry on a series of experi-
ments to perfect his apparatus.

His plan calis for the musica] tones to
represent the dots and cashes of the Morse

 

 

 

system. In the local experiments he has
condu he has used only two tones,
one to resent the dot and the other the
dash, @ ho now to perfect an ap-
paratus by which each letter of the alphabet
may be represented by a tone and in this

way gain speed.

Mre. Maybrick te Be Released Seon.
Special Cable Despatch to Tum Sun.
Loxponr, July 1.—Itis stated that Mrs.
SEATS WE be velemned at the end of
\y.

 

— ee en
a SSS ei ascoendes «won aap dane thoneabe seb oaseneenes omens

LY 26 1904.—-Conyright, 1906, by The Bun Printing ond Publishing Association,

 

TO BREAK TWO-THIRDS RULE,
SCHEME OF PARKEWS FRIENDS

TO PULL HIM THROUGH.

if the TimesHMonored Custom of Demo
eratio Conventions Can Be Done Away
With, They Say, His Nomination Will
He More Certain--fryan to Fight.

Sr, Louis, July 1,- Since ea fly thia morn-
ing there has been a persistent report that
when the Democratic national committee
meets to make the arrangements for the
convention, a strong effort will be made by
the conservative members of that body to
secure the adoption of a recommendation
that the convention of 1904 depart from
the ancient Detmocratio practice of requir-
ing @ candidate for the nomination for
President to have the votes of two-thirds
of the delegates in order to secure the
prize.

It was said at the Jefferson, where all of
the party leaders who have arrived in town
are king their daytime headquarters,
that the friends of Judge Parker who be-
lieve that he will have a majority of the
votes in the convention think that they
may be able to have the national commit-
tee make this recommendation, and if
their arithmetio is not all wrong they be-
lieve that they will be able to carry the
recommendation on tho floor of the con-
vention,

It is feared by them that unleas this is
done tho radical element in the party,
friendly to Cot. William J. Bryan and to
William R. Hearst, may be able to form
a combination that will make things un-
comfortable when the time comes to nomi-
nate a candidate. Exactly how they will
bring about this change is still under con-
sideration.

The national committee recommends to
the convention the temporary organization.
The chairman of the national committee
calls the convention to order. The busi-
ness of the convention is then to listen
to the calling of the temporary roll, and
to form the committees on resolutions, and
rules, permanent organizatfgn and contests.

The committee on rules would be the
body from which the formal recommenda-
tion to change the manner of nominating
would come before the convention, and this
is made up of one member from each State,

 

{ Territory, District or other political unit

represented in the convention.

The delegation from each political unit
meets prior to the convention and decides
upon the men who shall represent it in each
of these committees. Any recommenda-
tion by the national committee would have
to be passed upon first by the committee
on rules and next by the convention.

It may be interesting to point out that,
while it has been the Democratio custom
to require a candidate for the nomination
for President to get the votes of two-
thirds of the members of the convention,
the platform and the rules of the body are
adopted by a majority vote.

Hence, if Judge Parker's friends control
a majority of the members of the conven-
tion when the time comes for the per-
manent organization and the adoption of
rules or at the second session of the con-
vention, they will be able to put the ma-
jority rule through regardless of the recom-
mendation of the national committee or
of the committee on rules,

All that will be neceasary will be for some
delegate to get the chairman's eye and move
that the two-thirds rule be not adopted.
If a majority of the convention are in favor
of changing the practice of the party, they
can do it. There is nothing to prevent them
from doing so, for the convention is the
supreme court and legislative body of the
party, and from its decision no appeal can
be taken,

The two-thirds rule was adopted seventy
years ago, when the practice of allowing
the members of Congress to make the party
nominations was ended by the voters, who
felt that in usurping the right to name the
candidate for the highest office in the land
the members of Congress were taking to
themselves a power that might prove to be
dangerous to the country.

When the convention plan was adopted
the old custom of having the States vote
as units was preserved just as it had origi-
nated in the Congressional caucuses. This
seemed to make it necessary that some-
thing more than a majority should be re-
quired fer nomination, Later the slave
States insisted on the two-thirds rule in

‘order that their grip on the party should

remain unbroken.

Many times it has been proposed to
abrogate therule, but in spite of the strong
support the efforts have never been suc-
cessful. It is said now that the friends
of Judge Parker believe that they will be
strong enough to force the change and
that, once broken, no further effort will
he made in future Democratic conven-
tiona to revive the present custom.

It is expected that, if the effort is made,
the friends of Mr. Hearst and Mr. Bryan
will make a desperate fight to retain the
two-thirds rule. Through its operation
they might be placed in a most ad-
vantageous position to make trades, dic-
tate the platform and even change the
name of the candidate. To-night it waa
said that the Parker people would make
a careful survey of the convention before
they decided finally on what course to
pursue.

MRS. CHAS. 8S. FURST ROBBED.

Thief Geta New York Woman’s Diamonds
in Mt. Clemens, Mich.

Mount CLEMENS, Mich.,July 1.—Mr. and
Mrs, Charles S. Furst of New York city,
who, with their young daughter, are stop-
ping at the Park Hotel, were robbed of about
$5,000 worth of diamonds some time yester-
day afternoon.

The diamonds were in a trunk in Mrs.
Furet’s room. They consisted of a $1,500
brooch, rings, pins, pendants, &o. he
trunk was locked and the thief must have
pec 8 key, as the lock had been turned

Mr. and Mrs, Furst and their daughter
went to Mount Clemens about two weeks
ago. Their home is in the San Jacinto
apartments at 20 East Sixtieth street. It
was said thére last night that Mr. Furst
is a retired broker and welltodo. Nothing
had been heard of the robbery.

MAYOR SAM JONES VERY ILL.

Toledo’s Golden Rule Executive Not Fx-
pected to Recover. .

Tou.gpo, Ohio, July 1—*Golden Rule”
Mayor Sam Jones is a very sick man, and
his friends fear that be will not live more
than forty-eight hours. <A bronchial ab-
soess has broken and is slowly undermining
his strength.

He refuses to admit that he is sotously

e
ill, and has all day kept in close touch wit
official affairs. ae

Buy the Breeklys Citizen.
One Comt.—Ad@r.

 

 

|

 

SATOADAY, JULY 2, 1904.

Fair toeday; fair and warmer to-morrow,

Secale nce asada odio cae ee ent one S naeneee

VAN WYCK'S PLEA TO CROKER.
Will Ack Him Toemorrew to Help Along
the Cleveland feom.

Special Cadle Despatch to THe Stx
Lonvon, July 1.—Former Mayor Van
Wyck of New York will go to Wantage on
Sunday with a definite political mission,
to induce Richard Croker to exert hia in-
fluence to restore harmony between ex-
Senator Murphy and Charles Murphy, the
head of Tammany Hall, ao that in the event
of Judge Parker failing to obtain the nom-
ination on the first or second ballot at the
Democratic national convention the «up-
State delegates and Tammany may unite
upon Mr. Cleveland as the Presiden tial

nominee,

It ia known, deapite Mf. Van Wyck's
silence, that he, in common with leading
New York Democrats, believes that Mr.
Croker is the only man who can achieve
this result.

Mr. Croker so far maintains hia resolve
not to engage in politios, but it is hoped
that his high opinion of Mr. Van Wyck
will lead him to yield to the present request.

 

 

FATAL DUEL AT ATHENS.

Government Minister Kills a Member of
Parliament.
Special Cable Despatch (o THE Sun.

ATHENS, July 1.—A duel with pistols
was fought to-day between M. Stais, Minis-
ter of Worship and Instruction, and M.
Hazzipetros, a member of the Boule, or
Parliament. The latter was killed.

YALE INSTRUCTOR DROWNED.

Rollin H. Burr Loses His Life Attempting
to Save Students—Canee Capesized.
Port Jervis, N. Y., July 1.—Rollin

H. Burr, an instructor in the Yale forestry

school, was drowned in the Delaware

River near Milford, Pa., at noon to-day.

The body has not been recovered.

Mr. Burr was canoeing with several
students of the foreatry school with whom
he was camping back of Geirsie Bulla.
The boat in which were two of the boys
and Mr. Burr was capsized. Mr. Burr was
drowned in attempting to save the boys.
They were afterward reacued.

 

 

 

YOUNG STILLMAN HARD AT WORK.

 

Beginning at the Bottom and Learning the |

Railroad Business.

San Francisco, July 1.—Among the
men who struggle with trunks and bag-
gage at the Sixteenth street station ih Oak-
land is Charles Chauncey Stillman, aon of
James Stillman, president of the National
City Bank of New York.

Young Stillman has set out to learn the

railroad business and to gain practical
experience in every branch. Before he
became a baggage man he spent several
weeks at Truckee working as section hand
and then served as handy man about a sta-
tion in northern California. Stillman en-
joys no privileges, but puts on overalls
and does his share of the work as an or-
dinary employee on the Southern Pacific.

ENGINEER KILLED AT POST.

 

Leaned Out of a Window in a Cut and Was
Struck by a Rock.

WESTBORO, Mass., July 1.—While driving
his engine at the rate of fifty miles an hour
to-day, Clarence Cudworth, an engineer on
the Boston and Albany Railroad, was in-
stantly killed, Cudworth had just whistled
for the approach to Worcester as he was
about to enter what is known as the Deep
Cut.

He leaned far out of the window, with
his, hand still ou the whistle cord, when
his head struck a projecting piece of rock,
killing him instantly. The impact of the
stone threw Cudworth across the air brake
lever and the train was brought to a sudden
stop.

 

 

JIM CONSIDINE PARDONED.

George's Brother Released From Ohio
Penitentiary by President Reosevelit.
CrinotnnaTI, July 1.—Jim Considine, who

was sentenced to five years in the State

Penitentiary at Columbus by the Federal

Court in this city for robbing a poat office

at Granville, Ohio, of $1,500, was released

from prison to-day through President

Roosevelt's pardon.

Considine's term of imprisonment would
have been completed in September, as it
had been considerably shortened by good
behavior. (George Constdine, the New York
sporting man, who is Jim's brother, worked
assiduously to secure the pardon.

STAATS-ZEITUNG BLOCK GOING.

City Begins Proceedings to Condemn It
for a Bridge Terminal.

Corporation Counsel Delany took the
first step yesterday toward the tearing
down of buildings on the block between
the Brooklyn Bridge entrance and Duane
street, and between Park row and Centre
street, for the building of the new Bridge
terminal, filing a lis pendens against the
property and advertising that he intended
making application to the Supreme Court
on Jnly 14 for the appointment of a com-
mission to condemn the property to be
acquired for the site. In ten days a com-
mission will be appointed, and as soon as
the appraisals are made the propert ies,
including the Staate-Zeitung building, will
be taken over by the city.

HAYTI MAKES AN APOLOGY.

Gives Satisfaction to France and Germany
for the Stoning of Ministers.

WASHINGTON, July 1.—William L. Powell
United States Minister at Port a: Prince,
Hayti, telegraphed the Navy Department
to-day that the international unpleasantness
growing out of the stoning of the French
and German Ministers and their wives by
members of the Haytian palace guard had
been adjusted to the satisfaction of the
French and German Governmenta.

The two affronted nations demanded a
public apology, and this was given by the
President of Hayti to the two Ministers.
The French warships which went to Port
au Prince to back up the demand are being
withdrawn,

TEXAS TOWN FIRE SWEPT.

 

 

Business Part of Jefferson in Flames-~Aid
From Marshall.

Dauuas, Tex., July 1.—A fire started at
Jefferson, Tex., at 9:30 to-night. At 11
o'clock it looks as though the business
part of the city is doomed. The fire depart-
ment of Marshall, Tex., has been sent to
Jefferson by a special train.

+
Read the Breoklyn Citizen.
One Ceat.—A és.

Sat

anes PRICE TWO CENTS,
PARKER MEN BUSY,

Said to Have Won Gorman By
Chairmanship Promise,

CLEVELAND TALK GROWS.

Could Win With Him, Delegates
Say—McClellan Stronger.

 

The New York Candidate's Backers Talk
of His Nomination as Assured, but
They're Ready to Dicker for Dele-
gates—Gofley May Dispute Nattenal
Chairmanship With the Maryland
Senator—New York’s Mayor Picked
by Manyas the Dark Horse—Hiil's
Hope to Square Accounts With Bryan,

Sr. Lovis, July 1.--One would think by
the racket made by the very few dele-
gates to the Democratic national con-
vention now here that they were journey-
men boilermakers of the first mark. They
have clanged and whanged on the Parker
boom all day.

They have continued to issue, almost
hourly, tabulated statements telling ex-
actly how many votes Chief Judge Alton
B. Parker of New York is to receive on
the first ballot in the convention, which
does not assemble until Wednesday, and
which may not get down to the nominat-
ing stage before Friday or Saturday of
next week.

Most of these statements epitomized
give Parker 634 votes on the first ballot,
although several make it cocksure that
Judge Parker will receive 702 on that ballot
and that after that it will be a landslide
{ for the Ulster county statesman.
| “We don’t know whether to nominate
Parker on the first or the second ballot,” re-
marked Norman E. Mack, Democratic
national committeeman for the Empira
State. Mr. Maok did not care to explain
why, if Judge Parker could be nominated
} on the first ballot, hie friends wanted to take
| the risk of going to a second ballot.
| PARKER, GORMAN NEXT, SAYS CAMPAU.
i “Not a man in sight but Parker,” re-
marked Daniel J. Campau, [|Democratic
national committeeman of Michigan. “But
if it becomes evident that Parker cannot
be nominated I believe the next strongest
and most available man would be Senator
Gorman of Maryland. He is a good
Democrat and has the confidence of the
party. It is my understanding that he is
not a candidate in any sense of the word,
but I believe that if it becomes a matter of
party duty Gorman can be depended upon
to respond.”

Former United States Senator Henry H.
Davis of West Virginia, a Democratic
engineer of the Tilden, William C. Whitney,
Thomas A. Hendricks, Allen G. Thurman
and Daniel Manning calibre, arrived to-
day, and to-night, after being pestered
by a dozen Democrats for his views, de-
cided to say carefully, almost Hesitatingly:

“Parker's nomination is probable, but
itis not assured. Iam the friend of Senator
Gorman—I trust all know it. The situation
is susceptible of quick changes. It is de-
cidedly too early to come to a conclusion as
to what will be the result in the convention."

A lifelong friend of Mr. Davis, sitting
beside the West Virginian statesman, said:

“If Gorman is nominated in this con-
vention, Mr. Davis will be nominated for
Governor of West Virginia.”

Mr. Davis, it was added, would do much
to aid Senator Gorman's Presidential candi-
dacy, as:the two are kinsmen.

TALK OF GORMAN DKEAl, WITH PARKER.

Many of the Democratic friends of Mr
Gorman and Mr. Davia believe that the
plank adopted by the Republican national
convention at Chicago calling for a amaller
representation from Southern States in
Republican national conventions will re-
sult in turning West Virginia and other
border States back into the Demoeratic
national columns.

The talk about Senator Gorman haa been
most interesting all day. It all emanated
from the friends of Judge Parker. The
sum and substance of it was to the effect
that Senator Gorman had decided not to
go before the convention as a candidate
in opposition to Judge Parker, for the
reason that Senator Gorman had come
to an understanding with the Parker mara-
gors whereby he is to be made both chair-

man of the committee on resolutions i:

 

rc a a

the convention and chairman of the Demo
cratic nalional conumittee.

It is well known that since ex-Senator
David B. Hill of New York came to the
conclusion that be cannot be the candi
date of his party for the presidential chai:
he has yearned to become chairman of the
committee on resolutions in this conven
tion. Mr. Hill's friends declare thi>
ambition en his part to be most laudable
as it would give him the opportunity to
force William J. Bryan to sing in a mino:
key concerning the platform to be adopted
here.

4 HILL-BRYAN CONPLICT LOOKED FoR

It was Mr. Bryan's friends who in 19°
at Chicago defeated Mr. Hill for tempo
rary chairman of the convention after he
had been recommended for the distin-
guished place by the Democtr::tic nationa!
committee. Mr. Hill and Mr. Bryan are tv
face each other in this convention for the
first time since that memorable affair a‘
Chicago. Both are strong of wind anc
limb, both are resourceful to the highes'
degree as parliamentarians. If there i«
any advantage between them it rests with
Mr. Hill, and yet Mr. Hill is not considered
by any means to be as courageous ip his
make-up as Mr. Bryan.

Besides, Mr. Bryan, in the language of
Gowanus, has “the dead wood" on Mr
Hill concerning his Demooratio record
Mr. Bryan never faila to pour hot shot into
Mr. Hill for deserting the Democratic
national gonfalon in 1806 and 1900.

Recurring

‘© Senator Gorman, eon:

 

 

 

ad
2 wee Sf. ‘i

ee A

N to-morrow
fick. Peon All day on Sound
adv.)

even
Aer.

~