LOUISIANA RACE WAR OVER. |

FIFTEEN PERSONS WERE KILLED
IN THE BALLTOWN RIOT.

THE SUN,

OCTOBER 30, 1901.

 

Rew Pudlications,

Rew Pudlications.

i |

THE CAREER OF THE AMERICAN LOCOM
ABROAD---WITH ILLUSTRATIONS

|
1S ONE OF MANY SUBJECTS IN

THe Worto’s Work

.
LE

Just _Ready...Mr. CRAWFORD’S New Novel

“A LOVE STORY, AND ONE OF THE

BEST HE HAS EVER PRODUCED.”
—NEW YORK TRIBUNE.

 

PLLA A te te tte At

0

 

ae ne

 

“Richard Lovelace” Played fer the Irvings
te fee-—“The Fatal Wedding.”
Edward H. Sothern and his company
revived “Richard Lovelace” yesterday af-
ternoon for a single performance for the |
Whites Didn't Like the Negre Campmeet- | declared purpose of letting Laurence Ir-
ing With the Threats Made, and «| ‘ing see his play. It had been removed |
Pome Deckied te Break It Up—éheet- | *rom the Garden Theatre stage before hip
ing Followed With Lesses on Roth Sides. | @rrival in this country. Mr. Sothern be- |
levees in “Richard Lovelace” and desires |
New Onieawa, Oct. 20.—Gov. Heard | to retain it in his repertory, so Mr. Irving's
received a telegram from Sheriff Simmons | view yesterday had the purpose of bring-
of Washington to-day announcing that | ing the faults to his notice as well as eatia- |
the race trouble in that parish was over; | tying his natural curiosity. The drama

 

 

had asked for were not nesded. The First
Louistana Cavalry and the Louisiana Field
Artillery, which were under arms ready
to leave for Balltown to~<lay, were relieved
from duty.

Live Oak Church, where the riot occurred,
je a part of the Balltown settlement, the
negro quarter, and only two miles from
Ball's store. It is twenty-one miles from
the nearest town or telegraph station,
Columbia or Poplarville, Miss., or Frank-
Iinton, La. The news that came through
yesterday was brought mainly by refugees
who left the seat of the trouble during
the excitement and who were so badly
frightened that they did not know what
had really occurred

A large number of negroes came to
Lumberton, Miss., which is just across
the Pearl River from Balitown, and some
fled to Marion county. They were so
frightened that they could not give coherent
stories. To-day it was learned that a
negro campmeeting was held at Live Oak
Church, beginaing on Sunday, presided over
by the Rev. John Connelly and the Rev
William Dunean. There were about S00
negroes present, a majority of them being
from the turpentine orchards along Pear!
River and the lumber mills at Lumberton
and Booth. The conservative white citi-
rene had advised the negroes against hold
ing @ ecampmeeting because of the bitter
ness growing out of the burning of the
negro, “Bill” Morris, on Wednesday. The
whites were Litter because of Morris's
crime; the negroes because of hie lynching

In spite of this advice the campmeeting
was held. The Rev John Connelly de-
voted his sermon Sunday morning to a
denunciation of the lynching and burning
of Morris, and declared that euch things
must cease and that his congrega‘ion should
stop them. Next to the church was a

aurant and barroom, operated in
emali shanty by @ negro named Joseph
Crealot, a worker in the turpentine or
ohard at Booth, La., and a recent immigrant
from Alabama It is said that a great
aeal of whiskey wha drunk in the Crealot
barroom, and that some of the neg: oes
were more or less intoxicated, and ind: !@rd
in denunciations and threats of the whites
They evidently expected trouble, for many
of them were armed with shotguns and
other weapons, but whether they came

to the campmeeting so armed of artned
themeelves afterw is unknown Some
of the guns were stored in the church,
some in the Crealot restaurant

The sermen preached by Connelly and

the threats of the negroes «spread through
the neighborhood and caused some appre-
hension among the whites, who were afraid
that the negroes might «tart a race war
The constable of ¢ ward,
headed a party of thirty-five armed white
men, who went to the campreeting to
break it up, on the ground that Crealot
was selling whiskey there without a license
They rode to the camptneeting, and marched
into Crealot's reetaurant he owner re-
fueed to show a license or to surrender
The posse being threatened, one of the
deputy sheriffs fired. This was a signal
for the negroes to rexpond, and the posse
WAN on from several directions and
four white men, Joe Seales, Charles E)liott,
H. peon and John McWilliams,
were killel or mortally wounded
posse retroated from the shanty restaurant
and, ar the firing was kept up from it. it
was eet fire lo
Joseph Crealot and hie son William Creo
jot were finally driven out by the flames
and shot by the as they rushed fror
the burning buildi Crealot's wife, Julia,
his daughter Somuphine and another negro
woman and child, whoee remes are rot
known, remained in the «hanty rather (nan
face the moh, and were burned to dear
their bodies being so disfigured by the fire

an to be un nizable

When the firing at the restaurant began
the Rev. John Connelly came to the front
of the church armed with a musket He
was shot down and the mob, which hed
increased in mumber to nearly 10, ther

turned their atteption to the church, firing
volley after volley into it and riddling
with over 2,009 bullets The negroes broke
at the firet shot and made for the woes
fn all directions. Four of them were killed
in addition to Connelly, in endeavoring
9 aacape, and a deren wounded Severn!
necroes were captured, among them the
Trev Williarn Dunean, while fleeing fron
the chureh. The shooting lasted not over
half an hour) There was no resistance on
the part of the negroes except at the Crealot
restaurant .

When the shooting wae over the whites
eollected the bectiea of the negroes and the
prisoners were compelled to dig graves in
which to bury them The prisoners were
then trrned loose and fled to the Mirsinaippi
side of Ponrl River. Several of them were
publicly whipped at Lumberton

The news of the shooting «pread through
the neighboring county in a very exagger-
eted form and resulted in soon gatherin
some 300 or 4) armed white men at Ral
town Sher if Moody of Pear! River counter,
Miss. sent over a equad of deputies to
ceaist in preserving the peace Sheriff
Rranton of Marion county, Mine ales
came with a force of deputies, and Sheriff
Simmons of Washington parish, La., has
tened from’ Franklinton ith a considerable
forer to the seat of the trouble What
was feared wae that the friends of the white
men who iad heen killed in the fight would
demand rigorous punishment of the negroes
end ride into the negro settlements to secure
revenge The deaths on beth sides num
ber about fifteen

MURDER AFTER A BALI GAMWE.

~_——— +

| Klaw & Frian

therefore, |

Deminion Addarie Accwed of Sheeting |

Michael Coggcine

Guay Cover, L. 1, Oct. 2 -A game of
baseball plaved here Sunday afternoon
by Italians emplored in the starch works
led to a murder The victim was Michael
Coggeine, and his wife was wounded by the
shot that killet ‘im The murderer was
Dominion Addaz He and brother
fiNowed Coggcine home after the grins
of baseball to

tube

continue the quarrel t

 

 

broke up the contest Mre (Coggeine was
{\! and her husband ordered the brothers
awev (me of them was armed with a
and the other had a etane
Instead of leaving the plawe they «
upen Coggcine, and, aceording to hix ante
Mortem at alone Dominion Addaz arew ,
a revolver Mre Coggeine had heard the
hot words outside of wer tedreem and
rushed out and macet heree’fin fret of
her husband She was not quick en aghs.
owever, to sacrifing her life for hie Aa-
Cane fired and the woman's hand as just
h fret of the line of the ibhet The |
ritenile Pease ther ugh ber hand and en- |
teret ber hubend’s alxtome tle Grapye
te the foor with « eran The Addame |
trothers fel in « hurry « tunberer |
rewedes In Making hie excape fro
Vilhene
the @eunded ' ar wae thowel 1 .
\ ae nH yh tel and he died there | “
eure after © Bin gmc
'
Tried te firthe Liew. Pew cieen?
BS Althea e contre iar tee, j
indicted tr the Pedera! (rand Jurw « al
age of « TT The a) , a}
~—mirer + warm oF .
(ro veThHOReEt and Gow’ at ‘ 4
er
amu lu WY Poses hae
Ferd © tern. ar } ’
;
fe apres of an inte ” ont ee

improvement upon the first night nolae, |
particularly in the case of Cecilia Loftus. |
The audience was large, enthusiastic and
representative. Sir Henry Irving occu- |
pied a box with some friends and the ad- |
joining party included Charke Hawtrey. |
Above them eat two American actresses |
of London reputation and accent, Julie |
Opp and Suzanne Sheldon. Another box
was uscd by Ellen Terry and three other
women. The spectators applauded fre-
quently and persistently, and at the end of
the play called Mr. Sothern before the |
curtain twelve times. There were many
erles for the author, but Mr. Sothern said |
that he was not behind the scenes. The
audience stayed and cheered, however,
Finally at one side of the theatre there was
a eocuffle and excited murmuts, ive
of the capture of a flying culprit in a crowd,
and a cry went up, “We've got him!" The
eaptors hurried Mr aren toward the !
stage, door tut he got no further than Miss
Terry's box, into which he was hustled by
the famous actress, who slapped him en-
couragingly on the back anc posted him
before the audience. Mr. Irving did not
respond to the calls for a speech, but simply
bowed his thanks

lt seen as though the
of *The Fatal Wedding” are determined to
be heard above ail the noises of this political
week. Tho new play by Theodore Kremer
is strenuous at the Grand Opera House
with as much plot per minute as usually
anawers for an hour Some of ite evil
activities are those of a Woman who en-
deavors to destroy a happy home. The
actress of this part is Julia Ralph, and eo
vivid ie her villainy that the galierv hisses
her time and again, not only during the
{ the piece, but also when she |

Cloth, 12mo, $1.50

“Mr. CRAWFORD has stinted nothing to make this
novel picturesque and exciting. It is all delightful,
but the best thing about the boo’: is the reality which th: novelist has
given to the old workshop in Murano, so that Zorzi and the rest
always have a genuine atmosphere around them. . It has not
only animation, but charm, It is a genuine romance, a
pleasure to read, and a pleasure to remember.”

~Tue New YORK TRIBUNE.

The romantic episode with which
the deals
true, being taken from
old Venetian chr

heroine's father was one

great glass workers of his

The period of the story ts about the
ent of the Fifteenth Century,
wher **e Queen of the Adriatic
wa, nearing the time of her
xreatest splendor, and its scenes
are patted vividly,

historically
of the

Story is

ne
author and actors rh
om the
time.

niches,

By F. MARION

CRAWFORD

Author of “Saracinesca,”’ “Dr. Claudius,’ “Casa Braccio,” “ia Crucis,”
“In the Palace of the King,” etc., etc., published by

| progress
comes before the curtain in response to
calls
Blanche Bates w #o seriously ill that the
company which she headed in *Under
lwo Flag is disbanded Mrs. Patrick

| Minnie

Campbell ia to Lave the time at the Repub-
lic which was set a for Sarah Cowell
Lemoyne Walter Hale is compelled by
illness to retire from Mary Mannering’s
company. What bas Ada Rehan done to
Maddern Fiske? The manager-
husband of Mre Piske published the asser-
tion that Mias Rehan had accepted an en-
gagement at a Western cut-rate theatre
“That lea lie,” says Miss Kehan's managere
“and he knows it. She ie wealthy, and
well able to apend the rest of ber life in ease
and juxury, hut the fact ie she will resume
her tour on the same dignified lines as here-
tofore” Kdward Varrigan ie varying his
impersonations of Irish characters by
playing |! nele Tom in a Boston production
of *Lnele Torn's Cabin.”

The question whether a burlesque hurte
or helps a serious drama ie disputed But
fr in the case of “Ben Hur,”

have stopped by legal injunction in Chica
the travestving of that religious play y
a minstreP company while it is bein, pee.
sented in that city The Ju hl hat
eufficient matter was pirated to constitute
thie prece-

an infringemen! Probably
dent will he followed by other owners of

66 Fifth Avenue, New York

ee eee
- ——_

Dr.S Weir Mitchells
New Novel

“A strong, fresh, absorbing story,
written out of actual life, and

, intricate enough to hold us

to the last page.”
Detroit Free Press.

500 pages,

“A virile
and strong

piece of literary

 

dignified dramatic compositions ‘ ” .
The Governor of New Jersey and ex- workmanship. cloth,
President and Mrs Grover Cleveland have y
aceepted Katherrn  Kidder's invitation N. Y. Times. $1.50.
to see the first performance of “Molly
Piteher.” which will occur at Elizabeth “More than a novel; 2 revelation
on Nov 2
Dorothy Donnelly, who gpined greet of human motives and conduct under
ypularity as leading actress o ve Mur ‘ ‘
fith stock company, will not appeat Gib the influence of a fascinating and un-
Grace George, but was engaged to eue- ous adv nturess.”’~- Beacon, Boston, Mass.
cewi Maud Hoffman in “New England scrupul dve
Polke” on Now it Mise Hoffman retires

The Century Co., New York.

THE HELMET **
OF NAVARRE

“Has reached the

to take the ieading réle in “Colorado.”

 

WAVOR HARRISON STORMS.

Revelations as to Hess Burke's Methods
Cane Him te Rage

Owrcaae, Oct 2% — According to testimony

before the Grand Jury, R EB. Burke's *“books*

consisted of one book, a emaltl one,

which Deputy Inapector Praeger waa in the

1a Runkle’s
Novel.
Ande? Castaigne

loth, $i «

Iiiustrated by

only sw pages

int where people are no longer reading it

habit of carrying around in his vest pocket : ,
The Mrate Oli innpestion law provides thes because it is talked about, but talking about it because they
the beok« be kept open to the inapection of have read it.”~ Talcott Williams, in Book News.
‘ > one i rr hia | on ew ow “Tt is hard to say tor much in oraise of thie story.”-Madras India) Tires.

or faulure to » this be 82»)

Mavor Harmon paid his “diareapects”
to the Tilden Democracy the sorival
rganimatior of John v Hopkins

in an interviow which he give out resterday,

He likened (he promoters of the new Demo-

cratic machine to pirates, boa constrictors, |

wot “ wt « ther 7

Tagen Soteten Sra ‘Gel ~ The contributions in this number touch upon a great variety of topics.
chien Cheah We heen | among others

undetiniee mane ot thts toealied tara | AMERICAN TRADE COMPETITION IN EUROPE

is not that they do not like Burke, or boas

is discussed in a paper entitled Europe and America, by

rule. but that they do not like the adminis BROOKS.
tration that has been given by the present
Mavor of Chioagy They dont like an THE BOUNDLESS PROMISE OF MIDLAND NORTH AMERICA

ym where they can't fatten at
the publie erib I say mveelf that it would
te well if Mir Burke were surrounded br
acdviners inetead of being a one-man power

acdminietrat
!

is revealed by J.
Valley.

K. HOSMER in his artc’e upon The Mississ:ppi

'
i
;
i
i
;

on Gite © as SE. Té& that f WHY ARE THE PUBLIC INTERESTED IN MURDER TRIALS ?

to the mast \ Is it a natural or morbid tendency? C. E. GRINNELL of the Suffolk
*The onestion befo \ 0 i the | - ;

Cnak Osuney oa oe oe Bar answers these questions in Modern Murder Trials and the

prefer desency ong ny By the ss | Newspapers

gang of pirates the people want that

.” he know how to et it At the < . ;

{lity mectings pearly every speaker is A PLEA FOR AN ENDOWED AMERICAN THEATRE

a fellow connected in some wary with O

‘ins «The trouble with ther ta that they
never get all they want, and their hunger |
is inaatiable They are like boa constrictors. | The Fiction for the N

concludes HENRY AUSTIN CLAPP’S interesting Reminiscences

ovember number includes an instaiment of Audrey, by

wir ¢ cb ia t © Off into som \
5 4 ‘Gaus their iItinae aalee ‘aiver 7. | MARY JOUNSTON, Tae Lover, a short story by ELLEN DuvaLt: and
meal, and then return for more.” | FRANCES AYMAR MATuiws’s Chinese story, entitled “Allee Same.”

Vr Feelv's reply wae
“The Mavor speaks of grumblers, kickers,

The Contributors’ Civd and eight olher controztions complete the issue,

 

howlers and knockers Are the le

of Chicago, who object to thievery this

important official family im . ’ f > vet hfore De 9 he ;
Kickers, howlers and knocker! Are the | O8 @ll new subser:ptions receiv: ore December 20th, the November and
people of the city of Chicago who object December, 19/1, issucs will be mailed free.

to the present management of the Detective
Rureau in the same clase of malcontenta’
Are the people of the city of Chicago who
do not admire and worship an organiza-
tion preeded ower by such angelic @eniueae
as Rob Burke. Tom Carey, ‘Hinky Dink’

Foret Sear

HOUGHTON, M!FFLIN & COMPANY

4 Perk Street, Boston, Mass.

 

 MeMallv, and ‘Policy’

 

Kenna
Pater King. \ickers, grumblers, knockers | . : —— —- ;
and howlers? 81827,029 THAT NAGIE WANTS. HOWPRN RAN DOWN RI RGI AR.
Maeor Carter TH Harrieem has been asked i sinahaamln
apnint the demeenetration ehieh the Te tuy Herers and Wagens. It Ik Said Chased Mim Prem Their Piet« and (er-
: 09 7 ant ae prep Seton . Aldermen Demand Particulars wered Him th @ Saleen
os o he — refused This fact has been An atiempt was made at yeeterday’s A well<ireweed man who said he was
ma kpoen te the 109.400 members of meeting of the Board of Aldermen to pu Prank Williame of Chicago foreed an er
that orraniration and they don't like it through « resolution appropriating 8182409 trance vesterday into the flate of Mr
bom i. aw Sees Se oe “for the construction J a Mark yas Mary Teh! and Mre Annie Guehardt on the
f reet an act of tha kind The refusal for the Department of Street Cleaning ra fleor of 270 Himred street, Willame
has got into politics | Tt was gathered from what Alderma burg and stole a pold wateh and chai
—— Muh eaid that the monmer wae wanted | aot Some metnet Mre (Greusharedt see him
Mansfield Pars fer the Portraits buy horas and wagons If ' her kitehben and raised an alarm whiet
Rosroy. Oct 8 Rw the terme of @ Commissioner Nagie has teen hing b vugh' Mr Dieh The thvef ran dowr
ett henner reported between Thomas J at $1 Se cay ‘ant and the tumen followed Ther
Terry, attorney for Richard Mansfield and “He har an agreement wit * genet on him and Williams ren into a
Berdman representing Lowks Kren fram whom the hares are hire f ssloom and hid ender a table = The women
berg eruet, the eat brought agninet OF ehavatd  prury — a a. oe rallied him and a policeman wes eur
M Menefi vy Mr Kronberg last epet: oe So awe ; “ Williams «ae committed by Magic
' - f * portraite of Manetell os auc © — . — . * 7 () Reilly in default of 6). S00 hall
ae Reh iti . Shylew Ten inted uring the re * nue = .
’ , berg ae teen adiveted My ormers: G8 tiny Suse — " ho
Maiwm! ” per ‘mee erg oe en pA coe Maler “onde Cette’ Ben
ali agreed upeen for the te. per rette euabter Gee Gan bark to the Pirenc be will of the late Major Lawde (atte
eh s ' ©&peres eretttow fier ltengtes & A retired. whe died resentiy m Broek
AN tereltgen! Comes The Parke Cummition requried fe . jis hee been cfflerst for probate The
* 1 roma Kuhernvecker Git pum Ser © pen te maven ' Sree re extete ie left to the whtew. Susan F
1 ot Soterdere = Ten (@@etery tm The Bron “ar S|) Cathe. end to the two sume, Livingston F
pens hoverty Gad feskinn ate frmatution '@ edeyt (he Wyn! war Oe | nn Lmde Catlin, dy The whee of the
teens to aborwe ~ £68 itve weet give

  
 
  
 
 
  

The November Atlantic

SYDNEY |

| FOR NOVEMBER—READY TO-DAY.
| 25 Cents, 88.00 a Wear.

Ask your newsdealer to deliver it regularly.

| The supply ts limited.

DOUBLEDAY, PAGE @ CO., PUBLISHERS.

McCLURE’S

FOR NOVEMBER

In all its fifteen articles, stories, etc., vith splendid
Mlustrations, will rouse te admiration and delight
of all magazine lovers. The most timely article is:

THEODORE ROOSEVELT

By WILLIAM ALLEN WHITE

A masterly presentation of the man’s character written with frank,
abso'ute sincerity and with an acumen and insight that no one else,

thoroughly equipped from: personal acquaintanceship,

   

Kipling’s

KIM

     

voices the deepest
and truest feelings
of human nature

Doubleday, Page & Co.,
34 Union Square East, N. Y.

 

Birthday Keadin
Haphael's Almanac

\atrological ee.

5 and ot
has ever brought to bear upon the personality of Theodore Roose- sammie
velt. It makes clear just what kind of a President such a man is
bound to make. There is no other writer devoting himself to this
special branch of literature —the character study —who hai the en-

dowment, the literary art of expression that William Alien White

 

Leading tio cls and Bestaurcate,

‘WHERE TO DINE.

Apry Sta k PL, ale

has. It is a rare and great achievement to make a rea’ man as tvp- | Ale. Ala cane Uda able d'nae dinner L. Lume
teal as a great characier ina novel. It is an article from which his- a eee

‘ 4 : Burns’ Werte tem ward Rep, 2818 Be. Bow

torians of the future will be able to get at the real man, Rector's. 0.8 eee een.
Service « hy oe

rie
MY Ave & PINS Table a’ tote
Hotel Logerot*\, a $i Soren Ale pat Benen

| Hotel Victoria S7-"'¢. 45, Mave s7Raae
Cafe Boutevard 74,47, 4 10.85: Sue
Dun Big. Pr, | hesare Hoo Lanes |e
{ re roeade ‘ eale®

Criterion s'qiad<""atrense™ Sele: aise

| Marlborough Hathss«!ter" wa) 4388 p ret
fay s&s ic epe'l feat's

Huber's Wiihetmina./ tn ase a eth Tan wae

oe ere ips. lot

'Dorlon’s “sree HOUSE, 6

ef

thing mor one '
riul tito '

on ordiners
breath!
wit!

Fastest Rac

wi

has an the wor

ver Run

nut
nt

i Par

Welle

« fr . at
vile Waite ga
one SIpew with the hoa o

ith His Back to the Wall,

bie

spectate

by J M
every man whet
who wants t>

Rog

or he understand«e the wa

inderster

Colonel Joslyn,

his travels
be friendly with
tHlow he got im his ton
birer handite and ippis
Hlustrations by heiler

S.A

Dakota

U.

sel

.
He wars Wart
@enial,
eeverely ilebvet
e; in Which &

bour full-page

TEN CENTS A COPY

Our programme for aext vear is mow crew: to be announced.
Sead postal for handsom: illustrated prosmectas ta colors

Amer

tr

an and
he

“fi

" “i and

to a wert Was

ters. birds. Ale.ell bre
&7 East rd Mh.
StH AVE. @ a2ND ST. Luges
° AVE 22 aw

Hecker 8 \ 4 Tat Dinnes, 01 oe Music. 2-4.

24rd bleer, 150 Nasean, | ine ries

| The Eyrie river bay. Sti 8 Ale & Tad
YQvuelntsurrenndings 1@1 Duane

Ye OldeTavern ‘Naners b arrangement.
fu Ave &1etns! High cdassChop
g t ' Hote! Wallace}... & Ladies pol A la carie
8 usimess Men’ Lanch, |! i way,

f Hartmann § Mullis Wide and of oaswer.
Little Hungary \!P*r}r ‘tp |.28 reuse

AMDIN £ CUARPRED 7) 2) Ment Pein

 

 

 

 

rue

NORTH AMERICAN
REVIEW

HOTEL DE LOGEROT.

Ff @ ISTH STREET,
YorukrR
Pro

FIFTICA
Lew
HESS

A rietors

Hotel St. George

“a

 

 

mary gota

Ae A y

Clark St. Broekten Helahrs, New Vork
Farle r lroom and ! ath, $12 to $75
LCDITED RY GRORG {ARV rehly
{ ' EVENTS
; in Fxcelent table d’hote served
| OUT TO-DAY every evoning, 81.00. Masie.
Novem ber, 1901. Colleges ant Schools.
Conquc:ed Territory and the Constitution HANNIS TAYLOR, | ror tes) & Younes Men -City & Counter
Foomerly Unites Statea Minrete, to Snain 2
The Next Conclave . . 1... 7 ; R. di CESARE, ‘THE BARNARD SCHOOL
rate the Italian ( waar rofl leputivs i €OR BOYS.
| Detective Survei'lance of Anarchists... Re A. PINKERTON | pyccues fps ine pan
| A Plea for Amercin Intervention in Turkey, URBAIN GOHIéR eat aes oh. Ono
| Wm i Hee aster
| Ethical Funztions of Football . . . - « « GF. THWING, —
| Prrmdent the Weetrrn Neterve Unnerai PARATORY SCHODL FOR BARMARD,
| Tne National Debt of France . . . 2... JULES ROCHE, PREPARA _, SoHad 0
Formerly Drench Minister of Commerce i es J kincerg for small Keys

HAMILTON W. MABIE
J. L. McLAURIN,

American Opportunities and Education .

WN. Y. PREPARATORY SCHOOL

1S WEST dele st TRERCTIONE 6608.38
ate “

The Commercial Demozrracy of the South

i"nited Statea Senator from NS lA ( aroatina 1 for Cataingue
Why the Chinese Should be Excluded o *% a D. PHELAN, Per doucg Hen and Wanes ‘ ‘vane @oeners
v ro! Sen Francieca

. . . . ANTHONY N. BRADY

Threatened Euroocan

The Services of Electricity

Has

The Horace Mann Schools

For All Crados

the American Manu

War against

factures begun? . ‘ 4 - O. P. AUSTIN, oe.
! ta i the United States Bureau of Stehaticea . era! ’ oe
Anticipations. VI. The Larger Synthesis . » H.G. WELLS HOUEES ARD AND P20 ST
ee suds inerbly equlpne ding Ow open
| An Italian View of Humor. Il. . . . . W. D. HOWELLS : AM Shperimtendent
Por Girlie & Sound Wemen City & Coeatry,

URSULINE SEMINARY

rie A ‘
SEW Rectibiit. Sv.
. own lative

partment

Sinale Numtbor, Oc,

Per Annum,

THER NORTH AMERICAN REVIEW

\NKLIN Set

‘an

ad

ine
|
jiueinees ( eiegee

MIss COMAKLIN'S SCHOOL
STENCGRAPHY ANU TYPEWRITING,
‘ ' rr

‘

,
.

hit VRE, NEW YorRK

  
  
  

rear) ghipe
panies

KISSICK’S BUSINESS INSTITUTE

Sie ae 9, rm
of awinges:

The Bes'-Se ling
Book in the
United States.

 
       
 

By
GILBERT

 
   
 

PARKER wien me & — ——
Illastrated COLUMBIA @%5 4, SCHegt. con

  
 

 

 
 
   
 

S heots of Phpetoat Cottere
. Ts 1 ge
V wid and R, al. a —— ee
fer Bai
(HARPER & BROTHERS. a ve
Sry so Se
; a Fail ® Biiddaee 6. Gee OR