without 4

9. Aad =

Pot mean fo bay ve
sense, but he not

Q. Wh did you not signal ? A.
Because tt te the duty officer
oo at that netther
‘apt. epee =e

Wise nor Jewell goon or known any-

that as their ——— = I
him, in the con to have con-
veyed it in that sense,
. Who made the aignal when met

Chester communicated him
A. | think I made that signal for the com-
manding officer to come on board.

Then you that conference?
A. Yes, I made the al to him to come
on board. Just asl to Capt. Sigsbee
off Santiago

quarters of a mile away

Q. You gave him something to do? A.
His First Lieutenant might have done just
a. he did. My impression is now that the

sea was a little sloppy then, and that may
have prevented him from coming. I re-
member that Capt. Sigsbee came on board
in rubbers

Q. Did you not say that the Brooklyn
stearme! eaxtward on the retrograde, about
twenty-e4 ht miles or perhaps @ little
tore ~The Brooklyn's  k shows
*twenty-«ight miles, perhaps a little more.”
1 meant altogether. That was may recol-
lection

Q. Does not the Brooklyn's log show
41.7 miles? A. On page 292 ft shows “about
85 or 96 miles.” I merely spoke from recol-
lection. At 6 o'clock I think it is recorded
fn the Brooklyn's log that the Morro was

bearing north by east and distant about
eeven miles. If we had gone seven mies
farther we must have gono pretty close
fn to the beach, It seems to me t the

log indicated about thirty-two or thirty-
— . oe , .

‘he reading of the tent log at
P Nt of the 27th ie 41.7, ie it not? ¥ Yea,
but I may not have been steaming that
distance in the same direction.

Q. Will not the log show that all the
steaming that was done was on & weet-
wardly course? A. The log shows on
pages 282 and 234 “from 10 P. M. to mid-
night, about seventeen miles.” There ap-
pear to have been several courses that
afterioon. From 1 to & P. M. the courses
are marked ‘various: but whether that
would be included in the record for 4 P. M.
T don't know

PILOT NUSEZ'S MOVEMENTS

When did you send Pilot Nufiez on
shore? A. On the morning of the Sist
Q. Don't you think it was June 1?) A I
may be mistaken, but that was my im-
pression, derived from the [fact that Nutter
was
Vixen returned and went back on June
1, when she landed at « nearer point than
at first. I cannot recvll just t te of
his going ashore, bu: my impression was
that it was the Sist ‘
The Judge Advocate read the entry
on page 206 of the Vixen's log to the effect
that 4 left the flagship at 6. started for
Asaerrederos, arriving ont that place about
7:30, sent pilot ashore on a sailboat under
flag of truce with armed guard, in charge
of Ensign Kearney
Q. Does that not indicate to your mind
that it was on oune 1? A Naturally that
would take precedence of my memory
You do not know that? A Tam no
able to specify absolutely. I think Pilot
Nufies, in hix testimony, was a little doubt-
ful whether it was the Jist of May or the tat
of June
The Judge Advocate read from the notes
of CH. Harlow, Lieutenant, from 8 A. M.,
to neon of the aame day, showing that
the weather was fair and pleasant; with
ht airy breeze from 8S. S W, that the
pilot communciate! with some Cubans
on shore, with the result that he returned
on board, accompanied by one of them, and
reported having nded some sixteen miles
nearer to the Morro, which was more than
half the distance to the place where he
Tight expect to find the aaa there-
upon, the pilot reported having seen the
p New York flying the flag of Rear
Admiral Sampeon; that it came within
signal distance and there was some com-
munication by signals, after which the pilot
and his companion had rejoined the fleet
off angtiage
Q. Now it was on the Sist that you had
made the reconnoissance or the bormbard-
ment and aaw the Colon, was it not? A
leaw her¢ghat day, yes
Q And it was on the previous day, if I
am not mistaken, that more than one of
the enemy's veasels was sighted in the
entrance of Santiago harbor, was it not?
A. Yes. I think on the 20th we saw the
Colon and merely the bows and part of |
the masts of perhaps the closest ones to
us and a bit of her military top. There
was also a torpedo boat in the port. |
eaw one, but some of the officers said that
they saw two. I saw but one, as I say,
but I reported on the information that they
had given me, that there were two
Q. On those two days before Nufiez landed
u knew that at leest some of the Spanish
t were there? A. I knew that there

Q
Brooklyn’
that was the 26th of
taken on board the Brooklyn on the h
of May and «stayed until the 27th, and (fen
asked that he might return to Jamaica in,
I think, the Harvard, for papers or letters
or something; I don't remember what

Q. Did he return? A. He returned on
the morning of the Sist in the Harverd
from Kingston

Q Why did you not, when he came on
beard on the Mth, land him and asecure
the information’ A Siranivy beoause the
information he gave mw at that time was
Positive in ita chargeter-that the enemy
could not get into tHe port; that I dia not
feel it to he necessary

Q That was positive in ite character, but
he did not state tt as of hie own knowledge?
A It was within hie knowledge as an ex-
pert pilot at that port

Q You were not afraid of bis hetrayin
you’ A 1 had _~ of that; in f .
wae to bear Capt Sigsbee «aa
that he was euepicious of Nufier I thin

tt was Sigshee who test ifled to that effect
Was it not Capt Cook who anid that?
A. Ttmay have been, Td
eaid to me
ox Rayner Tt was Oapt Cook who eaid
at
Admiral Sehley I trusted to mn memory
that i» all 7 .
The Judge Advorate
cating ¢
matter
the pow iidlity

M ' Nufter et
mu hie opinion in rege to this

hee? hie entire know

haodiing a sing w

veeesl there did he not? A He did not
mame anvthong of that sortteo me I don't
Temerntey ‘hut at all

he wall «

a’ A, x

before the q@ourt
‘ remetoher bis aaving i

 

: fasten of Wise "4
Gee eee
thatthe infor Ut Supe Bigsbee cole

Q. been

left on shore by the Vixen, and the |

A. Nufies was |

|

}

 

|
|

had seen the Spanish
ai you A panish ships
orders.? A. Sim-
ie 4 pa I found them there. =
tnown in your wignal, did you? A. I dii
. at same time tele-

ge

at until force| to re
plea, cou A. was upon the as-
that they were thero.

fh
ff
“it
il
ERs
LE

&
=P

it
ih
rf

iF
i

i

Fo

1, i

i
3

ite
iff
¢. 5

=

E
F

if

i
:

Q. Do you

ao bloc on the 28th complied with
orders received on the 28d, and acted

with all despatch as required by that order?

m wor ‘3 information which |
¥ t the port, yes.

Q. Haterrtng to the despatches read iu
your examination in chief, and printed on
page 1,877 of the Record, will you point out
to the court in what respect you regard
them as pertinent, inasmuch as none were
delivered to you uutil May 81’ A. For
instance, the first is where the Department
the matter of sinking a collier
in the mouth of the harbor

Q. You had already determined to leave
? A. I had, if 1 had not

Q Had you, in your signal referred to,
or from what the Department indicated,
determined that it was conditional upos
your find the enemy there? A. No, |
did not think that was necessary

Q. Did these despatches have anything
whatever to do with your remaining ©
Santiago? A. [After a lor pause, in
which Admiral Schley examined the de-
spatohes) fea, the one of the 20th, evi-
dently, was a despatch that was received
after the Department had been informed
that we had seen the Colon and one other
cruiser, because it is an inquiry to learn
whether the other two Spani cruisers
were there. Then the other, that of the
s0th, was in response to the despatch of
the 27th.

Q. You have said that at Cienfuegos
you had the equadron feign disorder to
temps the ny, if there, to come out?
A. Yes: that is. I mean, that they were pot
in hting column ‘

Q d you pursue this eame plen at
Santiago, atfer having learned that the
Spani equadron was there? A. In the
dayt.me, generally, yes; whilst we main-
tains! the semblance of a formation we
were always close to each other -1 mean
we were not steaming constantiy in front
of the harbor, as we did at night

Then you did adopt the same ruse?
A. We dic adopt the same ruse generally
Q Whe of the captains of your fleet and

jcularly vour chief of staff, (Cook), did
you inform of this ruse? A. My unpreasion
that 1 had a talk with Capt. Cook about it
Q. Did you talk with any of the other
captains about it? Al don't remember
that I did) I had a long conference with
the commanding officer on the 20th off
Santiago, but I can't say whether I men-
tioned this matter

Q What were the orders to the deck
officers of the Brooklyn and other ships
as to the distance 1 aide of the Morro
the vessela were to steam during the night

in the Santiago blockade? don't

w what the orders to deck officers were
ope followed the flagship

Q you keep a squadron night order

book? A. No, I did not. When was

I
captain of the p New York, with the
North aac tee I was given orders
by the Admiral each evening which I toki
to the officers of the deck, and | followed
that plan tn telling Capt. Cook

Q But you don't know whether Capt
Cook gave the information to the officer
of the deck? A. Well, Cook was a very
carefiil man and I suppose he cid it

The Court at this point adjourned

DIVORCE FRAUD FALLS FLAT.

Jory Takes Dr. Campbelt's Word for te
That He is Not Gulity of Wife's Charge.
In the sult brought by Helen T. Camp-
bell against Dr. Robert FE Campbell for
an absolute divorce, a jury in the Supreme
Court in Brooklyn before Justice Garret-
son decided yesterday that Dr. Campbeli
was not guilty of adultery with Cora Bel!
Durham in the Derby Hotel in David City,
Neb, on Oct. 8, 1000. The proceedings
were taken to determine whether the full
case shoukl go to trial :
The plaintiff is the daughter of the late
Thomas Thornton of Buffalo, who left a
large estate. The corespondent in the
cane at first deposed that she had been
guilty of the act charged, but when brought
on to Brooklyn testified that she had not
told the truth, but had been the tool of a
plot to get a divorce for Mra. Campbell.
She had gone to the doctor's room in the
David City hotel on an excuse, in order
to be caught there. The witness was
threatened at the time with arrest for

ury
peri Campbell was asked yesterday if

he had committed adultery with Cora
Belle Durham. He denied the allegation
and the jury at once returned its verdict
The plaintiff? did not aprear The case
will now go before the Special Term for
final adjudication

Dr. Campbell declares that the action
waa taken by his wife simply because she
was of a jealous disposition He sald he
had a ler sractice with women, and that
his wife %. ywed him about Buffalo and
watched him when he entered the homes
of his patients. This, he said, had cami
his practice to drop off Mra Campbell
is about # years o and her husband

about fifteen years o He has prac-
tised mexticine in Buffalo for thirty-elx
years

SAYS POUGHKEEPSIF [8 HIS.

And Britten Has a Satche! Full of Papers
te Prove It, but He's Sad.
Povowneersixn, N.Y, Oct 2 John F
Britton, aged 8&3 years, of 110 Fast Sixty-
eighth street, New York, arrived in this
city to-day and went before Recorder

1 't know that it was Morechauser, armed with a satchel loaded |

with old papers, claiming that he is the
rightful owner of 204 scree of land which
comprise the whole northeastern part of
Poughkeepste

Britton says he hae been a Baptist mi:
sionary for sixty years end has seen much
of the country He says that the property
was owned by hie grancdn ther. left
it by deed to hie mother formeriv Plira
beth Lewis, long since dead = The ln
had the dead with him to supprert

an
hes clad

tet what are won { vou cannot take the property The deed te writte: a
thet \s ‘ t knowkeige of a given port? sheet of parchment three fom square and
alien ath arging it A No | ie dated Feb 16 9772) In many places
rs . ee paepere — wlaemcgegyt be th . , nttrely faces way The
qe bernitted hink # wes found thes bie * writeng her on ade) ava
Comeburion wae poet ited property is known as the “(id Red M .
Q Buleequent experonee deweloped the | and includes the large stone mans
fo iY the « ’ ‘ the ture (ro vennet Ceerge Clinter Hea how
‘ eo. wridenst ai known thet | owned by the local chapter of the aK
ain oe nena one 8 Periet eaki *!I have all eee
ions or wt ti 0 led cheeses te eupae en’ ef my’ bette v!
waa il we ber wae teow that «ld otc
,« wd | property rightfully helen. '
whether there wae | mee tat T hawe got t back to Sew York
i whe st te | @ithat ©. Heemwee af the lawrere | .
vewme! an the baartear thet mew cletm & ogtiowel Well i «a
I only recoliont | caer low that tabee @ man's progeerty f
whieh 1 thought | tee we don af have the eae eaten
ori the meakine of (heme lowe *
‘ vard Mart iege Diet » ole. hel the maerriag stifteates
™~) wee Tl loc i rebatiwee ace ofl the Tames f '
Par there ct teem He mere ©? ty Poghher gee ave
Getierenitnwe @twtieew | be wm» related te the ieee fa
. » heey A 1 teten@et to @e | The 284 aoree claimed be Dire e
ch om a @ell a 1] cod be obey prominent! peart of the town @heee (here ore
— orreeeding nw tas) bem ee ee
@uh oem Gnaree otter te etbeee i The ofc Geet eetberee berapase Liv tog

© @mowrliat © lathe i 5 tevting very eel ered cv eet i olew

 

 

FIRMS QUIT THE GRAIN TRADE

TO THAT COURSE.

They Are Unwiltifig \o Go On Lesing Money
Se Have Conciuded te Shut Up Shep
Vessels Chartered) Barty in the t ex
sen Are Also Source of Heavy Low Now.

Rumors which were current early yester-
day of prospective withdrawals from busi-
ness of several houses in the grain-export-
ing trade were confirmed late in the day,
although for obvious reasons the names
of the firma which purpose retiring were
not stated for publication. It waa said
frankly by persons in position to know,
however, that at least three exporting
firms would wind up their business presently,
having sustained all the losses which they
eared to stand by reason of the slump in
ocean frieght rates, which has demoralized
the grain-exporting business within the
last two months

These withdrawals from business may
not necessarily be regaried as failures
in the technical sense The houses have
failed of the success they anticipated, but
they are not expected to make aasign-
ments. In at least one instance, a house
which is among the three classed as ready
for dimolution, was an outgrowth of an-
other well-established firm, and that older
firm has at different times had three such
auxiliary bouses, which flourished in good
times and were closed up when the tide of
business began to ebb Such was the state-
ment made yesterday by a man of wide
experience in the business

The shipping business has
eo brisk for several years that
ment in freight room in advance was
popular, and prices were high Last
surmmer came the damage to the corm
crop and there was a_ tremendous
slump in the demand for freight room,
so that September and October, usually
good months, found great numbers of
ships with nothing to carry out. The
freight room that had been engaged in
the spring at high rates, the ahipe that
had been engaged on time charters, with
a view of carrying eastward the wheat
needed tn Sarepe and England, were thrown
upon the market, idle, or as competitors
for any cargo available

The foreign buyers, seeing the predica-
ment of the exporters and brokers and
shipping men, merely lay back tn their
chairs and declined to buy beyond their
immediate nexis at the high prices at
which wheat was held here me €x-
P rters with much cargo room on ther

sands at a daily low have sent over wheat

on consignment, on the off chance of bLe-
ing able to get rid of it at some sort of a
wofit. ‘This, of course, has not tended to
venefit the general situation. More care
ful estimates of the French and German
wheat cropa have steadily lessened the
reported European shortage, and with the
continuance a overabundant freight room
the ocean rates have continued
@ that there has been gothing to urge
the European buyer to haste In purchas
ing these consigninents. The result: has
been the determination, aa reported, of
the firms already referred to and also of
seme at other porte to wind up their af-
fairs and quit the Dus nee

It was said yesterday that one firm atood to
lose at present rates $800,000 on eighteen time
charters of vessels now on its hands
ships were said to be engaged under a
charter at £75 a day and tobe making £30
aday A story that veewels in large num-
bers are lying up here idle was denied
It was said that they are being sent out
with what short cargo they can Amon
the veasela here idle as yet, which it hac
been expected would be busy carrying
exports, were named the Richmond Castle,
Hill Glen, Maritow, Lowther Castle, Heath-
burn, Manan, Gairlot, Jupiter, Nordkin,
Guildhall and John Sanderson

lt was anid vesterday that the epecu-
lative grain business at the Produce Ex-
change has falien away #o greatly that
some of the private wires of Chicago
Heard of Trade houses to the floor of the
Produce Exchange are to be discontinued.

 

been
invest-

REV. WAYLAND SPAULDING OUT,

Calla His Bedferd Park Church Trustees
Siow Gethe to Live in New Pngtand.
The Rev. Wayland Spaulding, pastor of

the Bedford Park Congregational Church,

has resigned. Mr Spauiding preached
his last sermon at the church on Sunday

He saye he is going to Townsend, Mass,

to live with his father, and hopes to secure

a pastorate in that locality Mr. Spauld-

has been at Bedford Park for seven

ite
years He has been regarded as an able
preacher

Some members of the Bedford Park

flock were surprised when the pastor an-
nouneed his resignation last Sunday, but
not many. The pastor said yesterday
that the only eriticiam he cared to make
regarding the church, is that the trustees
are behind the times, and are not aggres-
sive enough to suit him. The principal
reason why he was leaving, he added, was
that the trustees were not hustlers, and
did not look after the church's funds closely
enough They have been backward sev-
eral times in paying him hie salary, but
the arrears had all been paid

“You may have a wall groomed horse,"
aaid Mr. Spaulding, “but if rou don't give
him plenty to eat he will not go. We have
a fine church here, but the trustees think
they can sit down, fold their handa and
that mattera will go along smoothly. I
have found out differently
trustees about the matter several times,
but they did not see fit to take my advice
Leven went «o far as to volunteer to go out
and try to raise money for the church,
but they would not agree to such a pro-
ceeding. | have a feather 00 years oid at
Townsend, who wants me to come home,
and I think | will have no trouble in getting
@ pastorate there.”

Augustus H. Allen, a lawyer, is President
of the Board of Trustess of the church
He said: * The only otetacte to Mr. Spauld-
ing remaining our pastor, is
himeelf" Mr Allen said that it was Mr
Spaulding who called *Mark Twain” a de-
generate recently at a meeting of Congre-
gational ministers in Brooklyn, beeause
of Mr Clemens’s remarks about foreign
trusstions

Gouty and
Rheumatic

Conditions

are immediately reliewed and a
cure generally effected by the
use of Carlsbad Spredel Salt. ive
action te mild but certain.

It is most natural aed
eflective remery lor constipatios
diseases of the stomach, and
hwer and kidneys

Carlsbad
Sprudet Salt

the

by eveverelon from

wm derived
the weters of the Springs at
(ariebed ant coptelme the some
curetive properties thet heve
made the f a ished Senage fom
ome for lve Orel ures

r bette of the
Lee (ar lehed
the cig eet re

™ weiows (a.
hew Jerk Beware

seme

of veniaons

I apoke to the | police station the little girl began to ery

to fall, j

THE SUN, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER

 

Two Whaling Darks in With Valuable
©argees and Tales af Adventure.

Baw Praxcinco, Oct. 20. Two South Bea
whaling barke, the Alice Knowles and the
Charles W. Morgan, arrived to-day after
4 cruise of nearly a year among the equa-
torial idands ff the Japan coast, and in
Okhotsk Sea. Both report good catches.

.The Alice Knowles brought 1,060 barrels
of sperm oi] and 15 barrels of whale oil.
She left here Nov. 18 last, sailing direct
to the South Seas. Mrs. Montgomery, wife
of the captain, accompanied her husbend
on the cruise, as she had done for four
years before. Neither sickness nor death
on board is reported

At Ponapi, in the Caroline group, Chief
Joooy gave Capt. Montgomery a fine cane
and eword-handied umbrella, which had
been given to him by Gen. Weyler when
the latter was Governor General of the
Philippines and was on a trip to Ponapl,
then Spanish territory, Gen. Weyier's
name is engraved op the «lilver handle of
the cane.

The oatch of the Charles W. Morgan, Capt

le, was exceptionally good, amountin

to 1,700 barrels of sperm oil, 380 barrels P
whale oil, worth in the neighborhood of
$660 a@ barrel, and over 5,000 pounds of

bone, worth 6 a pound Leaving here on
Nov. 22, last, the Morgan sailed to Marque
sas, cruisir along the line, touching at

Ebon Island, thence to the coast of Japan,
and Okhotsk Sea. Off Japan a huge sperm
whale crushed three of the boats, but none
of the men was hurt. (ne of the boats
was caught between the jaws of the whale
and crushed into kindling wood, Third
Mate Martin narrowly escaping

It was the Morgan that aroused the tre
of the Germans at Ponapi, in the Caroline

Troup, some of the crew having sold a few
old rifles to the natives last year Capt
Farle heard later that the Germans were
waiting for him with cannon and he omitted
calling at Ponapi

The Morgan reports having spoken the
Gayhead on Aug. 27 in Okhotak Sea, with
600 barrela of oj) The California was
spoken on Sept. 13 with | 200 barrels of sperm
ol and one right whale The John and

Sea, but too far to speak Last spring the
veese| had 160 barrels of sperta oll

Both the Alice Knowles and Charles W
Morgan will sail again in a few weeks
ROOKEFELLERS GIFT IN USE.
The West Side Neighborhood House Thrown

Open Last Pvening

The Weert Side Neighborhood House at
Fiftieth street and Tenth avenue, which
was erected by John D Rockefeller, and
put at the disposal of the Fifth Avenue
Baptist Church for work in the West Side,
was formally opened last night Aditresnes
were made by the Key Dr. W H P Faun,
President of Brown University and a for
mer pastor of the church, the Rev Dr
KP. Johnston, pastor of the Fifth Avenue
Baptist Church, A. A. Hill, head worker
of the new house and the Rev WS. Pichard-
son. After the addresses the building was
thrown open for lnapection

The object of the new building ts to

pre-

| vide the facilities of a club for the residents

Four |

a

| were found on her, wit!

a

Spaulding |

|

of the neighborhood. [t is to be run on
a broad basis and religion will not be asso
elated direetiv with ite work It is pre
pee that the buiiding shall be open to all
rreapective of sect It contains several
club rooms for uees of literary or social
gatherings, a bowling alley and baths,
reading rooms and a well appointed gym
narium

The second floor has been designed for
the use of small chikdren. It contains
a kindergarten room, where public classes
will be conducted, and a public day nursery

The idea of the house originated with
Dr Faunce several years ago. He ap
pointed a committee to discuss the plan
and when it was definitely decided to
build John D Rockefeller offered to erect
the building at his own expense and put it
at the —_ of the church. It bs five
stories high

HAD DIAMONDS

Prtladeiphia Police Arrest a Woman for
Having Rebbery Plunder.
Parapet rua, Oct 2 - A woman who
gave the dame Anna Larint was arrested
by the police on Saturday mght w hile at-
tempting to run away from a clerk in a

 

WORTH $2,000,

pawnshop, whose susplotons she aroused |

in attempting to pawn a fjiarmond She
was taken tothe central station, where dia-
monds worth at least $2,000, newly set,
a lot of pawn-
Ucketsa. She told the police several stories
that were found to be uytrue, and they
held her, suspecting that the diamonds
were secured dishonestly

To-day the dectectives recovered on one
of the pawntickets a fine gold watch with
the initials M. M. outlined in diamonds
on the case. A descripuon of this was
sent to the New York police, it being the
opinion of the police here that it answered
the description of a watch stolen thers
recently

“MAMMA MADE ME STEAL.”

Wall of a 14-Vear-Old Girt Canght Shop-
lifting With Hee Mother.

Mrs. Mary Pauchek and Emma Pauchek,
her fourteen-year-old daughter, both of
43 Grey street, Jersey City, were arrested
by a woman detective on the charge of
shoplifting yesterday afternoon as they
were lhoaving @ Sixth avenue department
store. They attempted to throw away
some fancy goods worth & When they
were taken to the West Thirtieth «treet

“1 didn’t want to steal, but mamina

Winthrop was seen after leaving Okhotex |

 
 
 
 

 

RETIRED MINISTER AND ONCE
COLLEGE PRESIDENT.

Personal Fricud: Meurn Lew of Money tn
“Diserctionary Pool’—OMee Truck
Went Out in a Dray and Monree
County Grand Jury is at Work.

Rocuneter, N. Y., Oct. 20.—If anybody
wants to see the office effects of the In-
vestment Association of New York, stock
brokers, formerly located in handsome
offices at 100 Broadway, but now said to be
at 44 Broadway, New York, he will be com-
pelled to come to Rochester and visit a
corner in the District Attorney's office.
For the last week the Grand Jury of Monroe
county has been engaged in investigating
the Investment Association of New York,
but ff indictments have been found it has
not yet been announced

There are about 900 farmers and clergy-
men over a wide area in New York State who
say that they have been swindled by *he
Investment Association of New York in
sums ranging from $100 to $7,000. The
worst part of the scheme is that the victimes
were played through professed friendship
and gave up their money with the assump-
tion that they were dealing with personal
friends In ee vera! instances the customer
of the Investment Association of New York
gave up all their property and are now
bankrupt

The Investment association has a re-
tired Presbyterian minister at its head,
the Rev. Rufus 8. Green, D. D. M. L

Wilcox ts Secretary. The Rev. Dr. Green

was President of Elmira College at Elmira,

N. Y., up to 1996, and in that year went to

New York to opena broker's office It was

just about that time that the Investinent

association was organized to do a general
| brokerage business. Its letterheads state
| that it is incorporated under the laws of
the State of New York. One of its special-
ties was the notorious “discretionary pool.”
The field of operations of the investment
association was a peculiar one, So far
as is known, it did not try to get customers
from among the people close to New York
city. Most of the victims live in this part
of ‘the State and, strangely enough, there
are about half a hundred ministers in the
lot. The degrees of the Rev. Dr. Green
attracted many of them, and the appar-
ently honest methods of doing business
had their effect
| Numerous complaints were sent to Dis-
triet Attorney Warren's office and he de-
cided to prohe the concern's affairs

Sheriff Salyerds went to New York city
with orders to aeize all the documents he
| eould find. He hired a dray and, taking
| posxsewion of the office, to the inexpressible
grief of the Rev. Dr. Green, he pitched every -
j that looked like evidence inte @ dry-
| gor » box, leaving onl: the desks aed chairs,
| labelled it “District Attorney's Office, Roch-
| eater,” and started for home

The association's documents contain a
| mass of correspondence between the In-
vestment Association and its victims, Bote
lof the letters contain pathetio appeals for
| money that has been invested
;
|
|
!
|
|

thin

COINERS OF CENTS CAUGHT.

Arrests in Brovkiyn, Bosten and Balti-
more Plant Seized.

United States Secret Service agents
made arrests yesterday in three cities of
members of a gang of counterfeiters who
for a year or more have been floating
counterfeit pennies. The counterfeiting
plant itself, whieh up to two months ago
was operated in the attic of a house on
street, Brooklyn, was seized in
and et the same time William

 

Fulton
Boston,

Weiner and Israel Usher, both of whorn

formerly lived tn this city, were arrested
In Brooklyn Max Levine, a jeweller
at 107 Osborn street, was arrested by
Secret Service men and locked up in Ray-
mond etreet jail, and Henry Lerner and

Rosa Lerner, his daughter, were arrested in
The latter were both cageves
1

Baltimore
from justice, baving been under
ment here aince last February

Levine was held by United States Com-
missioner Morle in Brooklyn in $5,000 bail,
and Lerner and his daughter by Unuted
States Commissioner Slicids under §80
ball each

Secret Service agents have been at work
on the case for over @ year, but these are
the first arrests of any importance. The
first clue to the gang was dweovered when,

in January last, Fannie Lerner, the twelve
Se daughter of Henry Lerner, was
|

vdiot-

arrested in a Chinese store in Mott street,
this city, for attempting to pass twenty-five
The girl was indicted, pleaded
guilty and sentence upon her was sus-
pended by Judae Thomas The investi-
ation of her case, however, led to the in-
dictment of her father, who was @ jewelry
| pedler and lived at 111 Stanton street,
E his daughter Kosa They fled. Some
!

|

bad cents

time ago it was learned that they were in
Baltimore, but as they were wanted for
passing thd coins only, and not for making
them, they were not arrested until the
Secret Service men got the coiners
Agent WD. Flynn, in charge of the
United States Secret Servier in thie city,
considers the arrests of great importance.
*These counterfeits,” he said, “are ex-
ceedingly troublesome. They are very
wel] made and will foo! even experts. They
| are easy to put into circulation and hard
to retire, for no one ever takes the trout le
to look carefully at a cent. And yet they
have been pourtng into the Sub- Treasury
| herein New York at the rate of 5.0004 month
for a year Making counterfeit cents

or

  
 

 

 

—

Deputy |

 

MAYOR BOUNCES CITY CLERK. |

| Mert Leaned Out City of Mount Vernen’s

Meney te Demecratio Politician.

Movuwr Verxon, N. ¥., Oct. 20.—-Mayor
Fiske of this city, who is running on the
Democratic ticket for a fourth term, pub-
lely suspended City Clerk William N. Hoyt,
one of his appointees, to-day,on the grounds
that he had “neglected his duties and con-
ducted his office in an unbusinesslike man-
ner.”

A few days ago it was shown that Hoyt
had deposited the city moneys in the First
National Bank with his own and then loane!
them out to various Democratic politicians
Mayor Fiske himeelf was an admitted bor-
rower. The Mayor's action in suspending
the City Clerk is based on the report of
Gideon D. Pond, an expert accountant,
who has examined the books and says Hoyt
war Hen short on Oct. 1 last. Since that
time Hoyt has made up the deficiency
The Republicans declare that Mayor Fiske
in suspending Hoyt is playing his last card
to aave himself from defeat atthe hands of
Dr. Edward F. Brush, the Republican norm
nee for Mayor. They say that the Mayor
must have known of the shortage some
time ago. City Clerk Hoyt comes of a
Sr wy He is a nephew of the late

iam Abendroth, the millionaire
fron manufacturer of Port Chester

The exposure of the Hoyt deficiency
it is believed, will also defeat Con p-
troller Riehard Sedar, who i* running
for reflection on the Democratic tieket
Sedar was ordered several weeke ago to
make an examination of Hoyt'* accounts,
but the shortage was not mentioned in bis
report

AFPTERTHE HECKER NOMESTEAD.

Mrs. Betlont Tries to Secure Posscesion
on 8 Morigage for $20,000
Burvorport, Conn., Oct. 20.--A contest
over the Hecker estate in Noroton, Conn,
which ts valued at $25,000 has been pre
cipitated by the institution of a foreclos
ure suit here to-day by Kate B
against John V. Hecker, both of New York
city, to recover an alleged debt of $20,000
In the suit, Frederick R. Coudert of New
York city, Josidh W. Wentworth of West
Shokan, N. Y., and Edward P. Selvin of
Orange Mountain, N. Y., are made co-
defendante
Mra Belloni alleges in her bill of com
plaint that in April, 1896, John V. Hecker,
to secure a note for $20,000, executed a
mortgage on his estate in her favor, which
was duly recorded in the office of the town
clerk at Darien. In November, 1805, five
months before the exeoution of the mort-
ge, she says that Hecker conveyed by
deed all his property to the trustees namer
The deed of conveyance was not recorded
| until Oct. 2, 1000, almost five years after
| the mortgage had been recorded

Mrs. Belloni asks the Civil Superior Court
of this county, to which the case ia return-
able during ita present term, to give her a
judgment on the note she holds that will
place her in possession of the premises
which now stands in the names of the
Hecker estate trustees A bitterly con-
teated litigation is likely, as Mr. Hecker
wil) not surrender his homestead without
a fight

Detective Witnesses Against Delaware
Officers Put on the Rack.

Magistrate Olmsted heard additsonal testi
mony yesterday in the examination of
Robert L. Martin and Harry Velthusen,
reapectively President and Treasurer of
| the Delaware Surety Company, who are
| accused of perjury in that on May 15, 1901,
they swore that the surety company had
$1,000,000 capital, paid up in cash The
company was formed by F. August Heinze
and his brother, Otto Heinge, to guarantees
proper reimbursements by the Heinze
r interesta in the Montana litigation
with the Amalgamated Copper Company,
in the event of a decision adverse to the
Heinze interests.

Ernest L. Wagenfuhr, superintendent of
the detective agency which furnished the
law firm of Hoadly, Lauterbach & Johnson
with the affidavits relating to the status
of the Delaware Surety Company, was
cross-examined for the defence. He is the
complaining witness against Martin and
Velthusen. The cross-examination related
principally to the detectives employed, the
compensation they received, the interviews
| they had and the records they examined

|
SURETY COMPANY PROSECUTION.
|
|

to obtain the information about the surety
| company, afterward furnished to Hoadly,
| Lauterbach & Johnson. The witness ad-
| mitted that not all the information about
the company which his agency obtained

was used in the affidavits upon which the
procgett m waa begun,

he detectives’ affidavits were nevertheless
| true

$2,600,000 GOLD GOES THURSDAY.

 

By La Champagne to Parts -Both Ship-
ments Will De Mars

Lagardl Fréres will send to Parix $2.00, 000

in gold by the steamship La Champagne

to-morrow. Goldman, Sachs &

| wend $600,000 by the same vessel Both
| shipments will be made in the form of bars,
| In each instance the firms stated vester-
day afternoon that the shipment was not

|} made because of any special inducement,
| but that the ruling rates for foreign ex-
| change had been euch (hat the shipment
| appeared to be a profitable business trans

action

| Lazard Freres, as agente of the London,
| Paris and American Rank of San Francisc:,
| were advised yesterday of the following
| gold shipments from the East) @100,(60,
| sovereigns, on the steamehip due in San

will

 

. é | js » mos ’ ble of all sorte of coun- Saw we - \
rade me ot sh de me | i* the most profita 4 Francisco Nov. 2% and 500.00) yen gold
aaa Pa NL ao! ve has made Me | | ofaiting Be copper costs only I8 cents | in the steamship due at San Prendanc
The mother had nothing to aay She }a po 10 and they can make 190 from @] Nov 24 The Sub-Troasury yesterday pad
“ . a on | poun }eout about §350.000 for foreiean la dee
vee ae i _ aan as senna, Oct *. pene yo wmited at San Franciseo and * a sw)ONn
1 < e abae dohn Laven einer is a Russion | we domeatic gaoil site t Saattie
we well dressed and u epoken | copperst ith of exceptionnal skill and haa . . 8 eopest ad A Battle
> . . already eerved three vears in prison for »
SMALL FARMER MADE RICH. making counterfeit cents His first arrest COLLUSION IN THE BIpDsr
*hiladelph 8 ; ;
George Strides Goes to Seuth Africa to ve = Philade iphia in 188 aaa Contract for Soldiers’ Menument Appreach
Get Preperty Werth 8500.000 ™ ntine Trust DB . Net Awarded
Locarort, N.Y, Oct 29. George Strides New On.eans, Oct 20 The turpentine The contract for 7 approach to the
yesterday sailed from New York for Sout | manufacturers of Alabama, Mississippi and | Soldiers and aanete Monusmen .
Africa to take possession of property of fos | Louisiana have been organized a# a branch awarded yesterday whe Mom ro Same
brother, James, who was killed in an ex f the Turpentine Operators Association, | iniasion met in the Mayor » office Thomas
plasion of firedamp a few weeks ago formed at Jacksonville, bla, i Augtist Dwyer's bid te 850.400 The next lowest
The brothers came to this country tweotl® | which proposes t take in all the manu- bid is John C. Sheehan's $81,000) Mayor
cons | “< from England, and James floaliy | facturers in the United States The aso. | Van Wyek andJ A Goulden voted to award
went to South or. where be acoumulated | ejation decided te form asscolations in all | the contract to Mr Dwyer, but on the sug-
property said te be + orth $4 Ceoorge parts of the turpentine fieki, to cooperate elem af Meccdéer Gall action wen
settled down on a small farm cast of Middl = as to regulate the wages paid the labor, | forned until Mr lew wer's eure ties | wed Leet
gore He read of bie brother's death im & | mainly negroes, « mpi ved in the turpentine | investigated "The oi tae - =
New York paper and satied by direction of | orchards to ecurtall production so as to ference hetweee Liwver's bid and Mn
London attorneys in charge of his brother's | prevent the overproduction which is} ere " a ‘
| af, ' 1 1 which te held at's b extraordinary
a > ! — in for the present (tow prices, | Mr. Goulden said that he understood the
_ . ; . land to regulate as far as possible the price he sn Gen inmhhenttey Giene =. ethan a ia
nisHor mae FoR BF LURECR f turpentine, resin ar 1 othe naval store | nese Se aoe - oF nA : - "the
Rector of Zion and St. Timothy May sue | LO Goulden also stated tha f the bids
cred the Late Pishep Littlejohn ae | Sppeared to te in t! handwriting
thought t t mar fia :
It ia thought ut it mar bo found | paweer tinnoier roo swat
preible for the Eyaecogpmal Convention
which is soon to meet for the selection of a ope e Jury Atiowed Mice Aird Onty ®8@ to Breach
| eucmemeor to the late fishy Lattiebohe of Promice Sault Set Aside
| to agree u “~ “ ” an wit the | ng Inland | The verdict of $80 damages in far °
1) ramte poulkd euch prove to het a
the choi it i eid, m fali upon the tenes | would take to aw bed just Mine Elizabeth T Aird dersey City
Re ty HMeary Labeck rector of the he sel ate what mw deoct sald | could her eult for braact je » gains! Ma
Courch of Zeon and & Timthy, Ma and woul « cat because | longed ten Daly. a retired er van .
hue! tar oi ; ' { ei gastrite io the worst form eeeterday by Judge HMenry Mo Ne
Jesiows Steptather Kits Celie and Minewert. 1 co mal sie hy “m . wols erve one & “ mah On w « ‘ ip
m : ¥ a tte al -* th , a” jars a
& Loren. Me Occ 8 Henry Selo eter tried everything one ‘ k ot.t eo 4 ‘ o- 2b ve
ehet ened billed fe ene ad . ty yea The least ated acineite tx > wort fe 7
. : Beever
tn ught« Katve Kiev ‘ i ' ‘ ' t n am glad t a aan : senna A
a! ae ‘ Heart sa ave te ver + health and we wart — wre w -
Hierst, aged 11, ar ' . i a et t ran abule | carry them MeoMmev emg nm
ugh bie en bre Pretty . vith me 6 he tome, even when i ¢ + jury found t “vw ere ted tw
tontews of the election eheown the chitdres sorting a promixe « . vf ;
bes thelr tetice?’, OHH Whee te had mat damage wer ‘ «te
r ‘
Tipeers Beanie
sarTrives ,ner?r Tews At drugs . ; .
‘ p
“4 Met ne ‘ 4 7 ‘ i packet wh 4 at ‘ hy adeay
ee Ht pases Jarre sod feet va * * atime enmneies me tensity tut? || a - “
“a , ' * ’
po oat oie tte ot sie : ~— = ‘ — 8 supe ° ° . om wees ot Be Mu y re
evguee true 6 Rul. Biel Hen ie ’ eee eee jew the “trow oftte i

Belloni |

but insisted that |

  

_ Brookiya Jarertisement.

x
a . ca

Vo 7

~—_~-_—

 
    

A ‘Drive in Overcoats”’
$15.

Bargains.

100 Light weight Raglans,
mostly silk-lined, $25 to
$35 Now $15.

50 Light weight Surtouts,
some silk-lined §25 to
$30 Now $15.

50 Heavy Raglans, worsted
lined, silk shoulders, $20
to $35 = © = Now $15.

300 Light weight Top Coats,
some silk-lined, $18 to
$30 Now $15.

200 Heavy weight Overcoats,
Blacks, Oxfords and Cov-
erts (small sizes and some
up to 46 size) - $15.

Your choice to-day
and Thursday, $15.

 

SMITH, GRAY & CO.,
BROOKLYN,

Fulton Street at Flatbush Ave.
ND

GEORGE LEDERER'S DEBTS.

Schedules in Bankruptcy ef the Well
Known Theatrical Manager.

Schedules in bankruptey of George
W. Lederer, theatrical manager, of 1640
Broadway, against whom a creditor's pe-
tition in bankruptey was filed on Ang.
2), show known Jiabilities $119,770 and
nominal assets $167,000, consisting of eight
claims against various persons, some of
which are in suit. Beside the known ha-
bilities there are many creditors men-
tioned, the amount of whose claims are
unknown

Lederer owes $23,206 in London, con-
tracted in Juiy, 1900, and at other times,
chiefly for morchandise. Sixteen judg-
ments, aggregating $12,440, are included
in the schedules, which judgments Lederer
believes have been satisfied, bat owing
to the death of his former attorney satis-
faction pieces have been lost, and as bone
was recorded they remain unsatisfied of
record. Among those whom he owes for
salary are Rose Coghlan, Clara Lipman,
Oliver E. Cromwell, John Henshaw, Arthur
Wild, Harry Davenport, Willam F. Falk
of Bt. Louis and Alberteri. For royalties
he owes Ludwig Eugiander $7,000

The nominal assets consist of the fol-
lowing claims against Jd 4&4 P J Grace
of Boston, $50,000, Columtia Music Hall
Company of Boston, $50,000, Harry Weil,
Chicago, $25.00, AH. Chamberlyn, $28,-
800; RB. Sire, $10,000, Metropolitan Job
Printing Company, $6,000 Clara Lépman
$4,700, and Oliver Cromwell, $500

MEMORIAL TO RELLE ARCHER.

Granite Bieck Unvelied at Her Grave in
Easton, Pa.

Easton, Pa, Oct. 20th.-A memorial of
triangular granite was unveiled in the
Easton Cemetery this afternoon over the
grave of Belle Archer, the actress. Her
parents, Mr. and Mrs. James L Mingle,
of Bayonne, N J, her sister, Mrs J. R
Lennant and husband, and W. Clark Noble,
the sculptor, of New York, and Mayor B
Rush Field of Easton, with a few rds
were present. In a bronze tablet on the
face of the monument is a bronge medal-

 

lion profile of Miss Archer taken from a
favorite photograph The inseription reads:

“To the memory of Belle Archer, born
in Easton, Pa, Sept_ 5, 1858 died in Warren,
Pa, Sept 10,1900 By her brilliant accom.
plishments and rare graces of mind and
person she gave distinction in the his -
trionie arts to the name of Belle Archer
‘The Master leaning reac’ a hand and

whispered *It is finished **

 

Net Neva Aymar Who Was Whipped.
Neva Avrnar, who is doing « pickaninny
eketch in a Manhattan music hall, arks

Tue SUN to say that it was not she who waa

thrashed with a dog whip in the Tenderkan
by another worman on Monday afternoon
and wh complained to the police Neither
she nor her mother knew anything about

the woman who was whipped

atnwn.

At Princeton, SN. J., on Tuesday,
daughter of the
bald Alesander, tn the

rr
ot Janett
Are

ALFXA'
Ort. 3 ont

late Rev br
f her age

will be held at the Second Pree-

t I'rineeten, om Thursday,

t T o'clock In the afterneon

ath vear o
Fooeral services
byte riar Chur
or 1. 1
1 he Modson, on Mon-
1 Frances, daughter
e ove Aveostin ant Mergaret Praser
' residence 70 Weat atte
1 © 1 ati A M
Lab a | on Sundar,
* lewee, Jr. son of
Cottage st. Jersey
” years
mitted te attend the
i a,
vw ®t
row

erviews on raday. (ht
t the St

: ent 4 6! Hoboken av
oe Mae om tunday. Oct ba Ad
ointewe tC QO
Que kom usts
{ thie otty

Meformer@
o
M. Helse
presen

o t her
Ss retians
M Pree
liegiat
New York
i

te >

» . at
sudden! sr,

' rn aite« orge HM Grete,
Funeral ¢ ' nee et ber tether Willies
regay Ot.

hour? ‘w ose oT

. . '
on ot bie home,
. liewry © Harrieea,
* Mate of Conpertiorns,

HANHISEN at «

“idenee of bet ne .

’ om Ve ee.