VOL LXVIL—NO. 278

[ Starts South to Harass His Communications,

Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN,
From THE SUN*S Correspondent at Pretoria.

PRETORIA, undated, via Lorenzo Marques,

June 4,4 P M. Johannesburg has been sur-
rendered to the British forces and Pretoria has

been invested by the English
| The Boer resistance has practically ceased
and the city will be surrendered as soon as &

formal demand is made

preioria, dune J, via Lorenzo Marques,
gune 4, 9:15 P. M.—A reorganization and rdily-
Ing of the burghers has been taking place all

ever the distrite.

President Krfger’s unnecessary and pre-
cipltate flight to Lydenbure, and the taking
away of the gold bullion which was intended
for coinage and the leaving of a majority of the
officials unpaid has engendered a deep feeling
of anger among the burghers. The Krygsraad
bas assumed the powers of government and,
acting On its discretion, the capiiai may be
defended.

Five thousand men have left Standerton, in
dhe southeast corner of the Transvaal, for the
Free State with the object of cutting the British
Bnes of communication.

Inan address to the burghers one of the leading
Gransvaalers said that with God's help the hour
was still coming when Great Britain would yet
acknowledge the independence of the two re-
publics, aa a tremendous change had come over
the situation in regard to the war,

Gen. Delarey was here for a few hours to-day,
and Tue SUN'S correspondent interviewed him
tn regard to the present situation. He said that
Pretoria would be defended to the utmost ex-
tent. He went on to say that there was every
chance still to drive the enemy out of the

@ountry

Atmidnight on Friday, on account of the
wlolent anger of the public and the officials, the
President sent word to have the new treasury
potes redeemed in gold. These were the notes
fssued for the payment of salaries,

The dynamite factory at Modderfontein was
occupied Inst night by @ regiment of British
troops. Commandant Delarey’s commandos
fre now surrounding the factory anda fierce
fight is expected

The Orange Free State Artillery (the Stadt
Artillery) of three batteries are now between
Johannesburg and the Delagoa Bay Railway

station.
The Afrikander women here have presented

a flag to Commandant-General Louis Botha

Modderfontein referred to above is in the
Witwatersrand distrct, about fifteen miles
, /saat-northeast of Johannesburg.

NO REPORT FROM ROBERTS,

We Telegraph Line May Be Cut-Henter
Moving East From Mafeking.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Loxpon, June 5.—No despatches of later
date than Saturday have been received from
Gen. Roberta, but no anxiety is expressed
because of his silence, which may be ex-
plained as being due to an interruption of the
telegraph.

Allinterest centres in Pretoria. Practically
}the news from that @lace is contained in

B SUN's special despatches. For the fourth
day consecutively the despatches from
this source are the feature in the
morning papers and they are attract-
{ng untversal attention. Regret ts generally
expreased that one of these despatches, which
came in cipher, is undated, agit isthe only in-
timation that has been received that the Trans-
‘vaal's capital has been invested by the British,
while the statement that the olty will be sur-
tendered on demand is at variance with the
statement in another despatch that the Boers
fre rallving to defend the place.
\ Theabsencea of news from other corres-
Pondents suggests that they fled during the
panic or that their despatches have been sup-
pressed. The Daily Mail's correspondent,
however, sendsa brief despatch, dated June},
Stating that the townis full of strange
burghers, but that most of the commandos are
laagered outside

The information from other points in South
Africa is unimportant and no considerable
Operations are recorded. News concerning
Gens. Rundle and Brabantis awaited with in-
terest, it being hoped that they have cornered
And will shortly capture the bulk of the remain-
{og fightersin h Orange Free State.

. Gen. Hunter's whole division is now believed
to be at Lichtenbure, afew miles east of Ma-
feking, in the neighborhood of which place, ac-
cording to a Kimberley telegram, several com-
Wandos are assembling, presumably to oppose

continuance of Gen. Hunter's march to
oria

A despatch to the Times from Lorenzo

Marques, dated June 4, says that the

 

Gty is swarming with foreigners, who
Were = asaisting the Boers until a
few days ago. The more intelligent
of these men speak unfavorably of

the treatment they received from the Boers.

y of them, after serving months in the

» Gre practically penniless. Only in ex-
Ceptional cases was remuneration granted
fo them. This was contrary to
the understanding under which many
Acoepted service. The Germans, both civil and
milltary, appear to be particularly disgusted
with the conduct of the Transvaal
Government. Many Irish-Americans, some
ef whom only recently joined the
Boers, are returning to the United
Btates. The chief cause of complaint against
the burghers is the total absence of any sense
Of gratitude, and {t is charged that at critical
junctures they altogether fafled to justify their
traditional reputation for bravery

POLITICAL ROW IN CAPE COLONY.

Premier Schreiner Will Resign if His Pro-
Sramme Ie Not Accepted.
Special Cadle Despatch to THR SUN
an TRE SUN's Correspondent at Cape Town
APE Town, June 2, 10:15 A, M.—I learn that

Prime Minister Schreiner will meet the Afri-
Kander Bond party in caucus and will Jay a pro-
it before them If his programme is dis-

proved he will resign. There are different
ODinions as to the outcome of the matter

The Cape Timer, discussing the speeches
Made at the People’s Congress (Afriknnders) at
Grant Reinet, advocates a suspersion of the
Constitution I have the authority of Sir
Gordon Sprige. tho former Prime Mintater. to
om that he strongly disapproves of any such
Section. He says that he is positively of th

 

On Here; Off at St Loals -
: . ais.
Lackawanna Wabash luxurious new through car

leaves here after
: June 2 at ton a,
BL Louis 2.00PM nest da ee SO arriving

Beatona vic rates Unrivalled secnery.—Adn

—— = ~ are
om Ald
BRITISH UP TO PRETORIA.
——e
ONE RePporT SAYS THE TOWN I8
READY TO SURRENDER,
lying of the Seattered
~— oe ; en cat No Word—His
Telegraph Line Probably Cat — Boer Force

   

<e-seanamsamssescessnertntesmmymmamanapmte~ eee TE cS tase

|

opinion that the Cape Constitution is equal to
the oceasion.

Sir John Rose-Innes, the former leader of the
British minority in the Cape Parliament, and
Premier Schreiner are also strenuously opposed
to any such action,

The immediate political future is very
gloomy, but the leading politicians are all pre-
pared to make great sacrifices and sink their
differences in order to save the situation.

The Ons Land, the leading Afrikander japer,
to-day urges the members of the Afrikander
Bond to act on the resolutions adopted by the
People’s Congress at Graf Reinet and block
everything until the Imperial Government shall
give its decision in regard to the points made,

The situation has practically resolved itself
into a fight between Premier Schreiner and the
Ona Land, for 4 majority of the members of the
Bond, including Commissioner of Publio Works
Sauer, and Mr. Hofmeyer, the Afrikander
leader, support the Ons Land.

 

TRANSVAAL TREASURE SENT AWAY.

Big Shipment of Gold on the Steamer Band-
esrath From Lerenso Marques.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

LonpoN, June 4.—A despatch to the Central
News from Lorenzo Marques, dated Saturday,
says that Mrs. Reita, the wife of the Transvaal
Secretary of State, sailed for Furope on the
German mail steamship Bundesrath, which was
held for ten hours for the arrival of the special
train from Pretoria. There was a special
saloon car for the Reitz family.

In the guards’ van there were two huge safes,
which wero scrawed to the floor aud were
guarded by armed Hollanders. Thirty-six
boxes of bar gold of the value of £150,000 wero
sent out inalaunch and hoisted on board the
Bundesrath.

Michael Davitt, the former Member of Parlia-
ment, who went to Pretoria ostensibly as a
newspaper correspondent, is reported to have
said to a shipping official before leaving Lo-
renzo Marques: ‘‘l came too late this time to
the Transvaal, butin the next war, which will
not be long off, 1 hope to be in good time to
render some service,”

Transvaal Agent Goes to Amsterdam.
Special Cable Despatch to THB SUN,
Bar sseEcs, June 4. Dr. Leyds, the European
Diplomatic Agent of the Transvaal, left here
to-day for Amsterdam.

 

MONUMENT TO ROCHAMBEAU,

Ambassador Porter Salutes It in Behalf of the
American People.
Special Cabie Despatch to THE SUN.

Panis, June 4.—-The monument to Rocham-
beau, who commanded the French troops sent
to America in 1780 and coéperated with Wash-
ington in the movements which led to the capite
ulation of Cornwallis at Yorktown, was in-
augurated to-day at Vegddme, Department of
Loir-et-Cher, The town was decorated with
French and American flags, and enthusiastio
crowds were present at theceremony. Gen.
Horace Porter, the American Ambassador, and
representatives of the ministries of War, Ma-
rine and Colonies, in addition to the local nota-
bilities, took part in the inauguration

Deputy Le Myre de Vilers formally presented
the monument to the town. Gen. Porter made
a speech, in the course of which be thanked the
municipality for the cordial reception given
him, which, he said, was expressive of the
sympathies uniting France and the United
States. He saluted the monument in the name
of American citizens. He added that he felt a
patriotic joy in participating in the inauguration
of the memorial to the hero to whom Amerie:
owed ita deliverance. Amid cries of ‘Vive
l'Amérique”’ Gen. Porter expressed the hope
that the friendship existing between the sister
republics would never be disturbed,

 

SPAIN FAR FROM BANKRUPT,

Conversion of the Old Debts Reveals the

- Wealth of the Country,
Special Cable Despatch to THe SuN,

MADRID, June 4.-The Government's scheme
for the conversion of the treasury debts has
revealed remarkable popular wealth. The
holders of treasury bonds and promis-
sory notes issued on account of the
war have accepted the (Government's
terms on such an extensive scale that
$200,900,000 nominally of the new 5 per cent.
redeemable stock will be absorbed by
them, leaving barely $40,000,000 nomi-+
nally to be divided among the people
who subscribed cash. The subscriptions for
this $40,000,000 amount to-night to $32,371,300,
of which $130,000,000 was subscribed in Madrid,
$75,000,000 in Barcelona and $40,000,000 in Bil-
bao. The subscriptions were made in bank-
notes, not gold, which is at 25 premium.

 

SANGUINARY FEUD IN TEXAS,
The Sheriff of San Augustine County and Two
Other Men Killed—Troops Sent,

Austin, Tex., June 4.—-The Sheriff of Ban
Augustine county and two other men were
killed in an encounter which took place on
the public square of the town of San Augus-
tune this morning. In response to a request
from prominent citizens of the town Gov.
Sayers sent a military company to San Au-
gustine to restore order. The company

will reach San Augustine late to-night. Ad-
jutant-General Scurry left this evening for
the scene of the trouble. The Governor re-
ceived anot telegram to-night, saying
that the whole town {s under arms and further
bloods is imminent. The town is thirty-
five miles distant from a railroad and full

ticulars of the ib pee have not reached
here. ‘our of the oldest and moat influential
‘amilies of southeastern Texas are involved
n the tragedies. They are the Walls, the
Robertses. the Borders and the Brooks. The
men killed this morning are Sheriff Noel Rob-
ove and his two brothers, Sidney and F. G.

te.

A few weeks ago Sheriff Wall of San Augus-
tine county was killed by Lycurgvs Borders
Neel Roberts, related to the Wall family was
elected to succeed Wall as Sheriff, Last Sat-

y Eugene Walls, a brother of the former
Bher ft, shot and killed Ben Brooks. Brooks
w related to Lycurgus Borders. Bordors
ana some of hia friends returned from Beau-
mont yesterday to San Augustine. They
swore vengeance for the killing of Brooks.
The Wallis heard of the threats made against
them and called on their kinaman, Sheriff Neel
Roberts, to take action against Borders and
his followers

As soon as the Sheriff and his two brothers
acting as deputies, entered the court room
where the proceedings were to take place over
the shooting of Brooks on Saturday last, the
Borders party gpenad fire on them. Sidney
Roberts and Felix G. Roberts fell dead and
Sheriff Neel Roberta was so badly wounded
that he died at noon A reign of terror ex-
isted jn the court room and the excitement
apread throughout the town. (Gov. Sayres
was notified at Austin of the situation and he
ordered the Stone Fort Kifles, a State nulitia
compeny | from Nacoadoches, thirty. miles
awny, to hasten to San Augustine. The trip
must be made almost ooerey overland and
more bloudshed may take place before the
troops arrive. ei

A telephone message from Nacogdoches at
10 o'clock to-night, says. no further shoot-
ings have taken place§ at San Aucus-
tine since the Roberta Brothers were slain
this morning. The Borders and Brooks men
who did the kill.ng are still at liberty. ney
and their friends sty that Sheriff Roberts and
his brothers opened fire firat with pistols,
but “made bad shoots,’ and that the
other sido responded with shotguns loaded
witn buckshot and brought down = their
men atthe first fire. The Nacogdoches miliua
company and almost every other man of
Nacowdoches, including tie sheriff and all of
his deputies, the Mayer wnd the constables,
went to San Augustine this afternoon, The
military expects to Inake arrests upon their
arrival, The Adjutant-General will reach
No cradoches at 2 o'clock to-night with a de-
tachment of State Rangers and proceed at once
to San Augustine, expecting to reach that place
about 8 o'clock to-:norrow morning.

 

Mammoth Sale of Hats at O'Nelli's.
They're selling Women's Straw Hats cheaper at

NEW YORK,
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY,

pes gE Cen = mE

—_—_—

A RESOLUTION ABROGATING IT RE-
PORTED T0 THE SENATE,

 

Senator Morgan Argues That if the Trenty
Stands in the Way of a Declaration by
Congress to Bulld the Canal, It Must Give
Way to the Paramount Law, {f the Canal
Bill Becomes a Statate of the United States,

WasuinoTon, Juno 4—A joint resolution, ab-
rogating the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty, was to-
day favorably reported to the Senate by Chair-
man Morgan of the Committee on Interoceanic
Canals. It was placed on the calendar, Mr.
Morgan, however, giving notice that he would
call {t up to-morrow for the purpose of submit-
ting some remarks on it, The resolution, which
Was introduced by Mr. Morgan March 16, 1807,
reads:

Resolved, That the treaty known as the Clayton.
Bulwer Treaty, between Great Britain and the United
States, which was concluded on the nineteenth day of
April, eighteen hundred and fifty, ts abrogated,

In a report accompanying the resolution

Senator Morgan argues that if the Clayton-
Bulwer Treaty stands in the way of a declara-
tion by Congress of its purpose to build the
Isthmian canal, it must give way to’ the para-
mount law, If the canal bill is enactedinto a
statute of the United States.
‘ “The Hay-Pauncefote negotiation,” he says,
“if it is ratified, creates a new treaty, which re-
fers to and removes difficuities that have arisen
out of the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty. To this ex-
tent it recognizes the existence of that treaty as
an acknowledged fact, without expressly ad-
mitting its present obligatory force upon Con-
gress, either as a national or moral obligation.
It does not change that treaty, but supersedes
{t with another agreement, As to all that
relates to the canal, the Hay-Pauncefote Treaty,
if it is ratified, terminates and abrogates
the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty. The assent of the
two Powers to this plan of abrogation is tmu-
tual, and establishes the willinsness of both
to set aside the unexecuted parts of the Clay-
ton-Bulwer Treaty. If the Senate should re-
ject the Hay-Paunoefote treaty, the startling
question will be thus raised whether the Sen-
ate, in the exerelse of its treaty-making power,
ean abdicate or paralvze its legislative power
so that it will lose all power to serve the
couniry.

"Can one-third of the Senate, by defeating
the Hay-Pauncefote negotiation, compel a
majority of the Senate toabstain from enacting
the llouse bill, because the Clayton-Bulwer
Treaty would be thereby put into fulleffect asa
bar to such action? The legislative powers of
the Senate are higher and broader than its
treaty-making powers, and when these func
tions are appealed to by different departments
of the Government, on the same subject and
at the same time and with opposing
requests, there oan be no doubt
that the highest power should be exerted
to settle the question in controversy thereby
relieving the country of all doubt and unoer-
tainty, The House bill accomplishes this result
without attempting to restrain or coerce the
treaty-making power of the President and the
Senate, It only provides for conditions tha
are presented and demand the attention o
Congress, by resorting to the supreme and

eramount law-inaking power and demanding
ts exercise in acts of legislation.

“It is insisted, however, that when Congress
has declared the supreme will of the people, in
a solemn enactivent of law, President ond
the Senate cannot lawfully obstruct or avoi
such a deciaration by any treaty they can con-
olnde with any foreign power, In the present

eoullar situation. of this subject the Senate

ag the power, in the use of its legistative
functions, to pass the House bill and thereby
establish the public policy of the United States
respecting aship qanal in the Isthmus of Darien,
In exercising this legislative function, a ma-
jority vote of a quorum of the Senate will be
conclusive of {ts action. Upon the collateral
question, as to the present validity of the

ay en Bulwer treaty. the Senate should act
asa legislative body, In which a majority pre-
vails This legislative function is invoked by
the House bill, and also by the resolution here-
with submitted. If this request of the House of
Representatives ia refused because the Presi-
dent has made areqneston the same subject
which can only be granted by a vote of two-
thirds of the Senate, it is manifest that the
treaty-making power can, upon any occasion,
obstruct any measure {nits passage through
Congress that relates to our rorelgp aBaire, by
merely negotiating a treaty with a foreign
power
“It is asserted by some of the committee that
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, as to the parts that
remain unexecuted, is a treaty of alliance, with-
out any limit as to the period of {ta existence,
andis therefore open to be terminated by either
party atits option. Other members of the
committee agree with Secretary Frelinghuy-
sen that the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, as to
the features that relate to the Canal
has lapsed through — the assage of
time and is not applicable to pro-
jecta of canal construction that were
not in existence at the date of the treaty,
Others assert that Great Britain has abandoned
al! right of contention that the treaty iain
force as to the United States, because she vio-
lated its engagements by retaining certain
possessions that were agreed to be abandoned
and by acquiring others in and along the
coasts of the Caribbean Sea that she agreed
should not be occupied as British territory
“In July, 1708, Congress repealed a treaty of
alliance with France, concluded in May, 1778,
when we were in the crisis of our War for Inde-
pendence, and the Supreme Court sustained
this law. Alter twenty years of alliance with
our most generous friend it became the duty of
Conaress to disanpoint France by the repeal of
that treaty. It wasaduty that led us to the
verge of open war with France, and it
should be an admonition to us against
roaintaining an alliance with Groat Britain as to
the mutual denial of the right to acquire owner-
ehip and contro'of a canal even with the oon-
sent of the local Governments of Nicaragua and
Costa Rica, and as to any obligation to protect
such u canal, and of necessity, to protect the
sovereignty of the States in which it shall be
ocated.

“If t at treaty is in force, andif Great Britain

80 inalsts, it Is the clear duty of Congress to de-
olare that it is abrogated, In the opinion of
the committee, most respeottully submitted, tt
is proper and necessary that the Senate should,
in its legislative character, pass upon the
question whether the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty
{a abrogated. If it is terminated, the
way is cleared for propoatng to Nicaragua and
Costa Rica such terms as may be appropriate
for acquiring in those States whatever righta
and powers they are at liberty to concede to
enable the United States to construct and con-
trolthe canal.and, also, to open the way for
such a general dec aration as to the neutrality
of the canal as shall meet the appro bation of
the civilized Powers
“Tf this resolution ts rejected by the Senate,
and if the Hay-Paunceforte treaty is not rati-
fled, wa will be left, then, to the alternative we
should now accent, of declaring that the Clay-
ton-isulwer Treaty cannot stand as a perpetual
barrier, if such is the pleprure of Great Britain,
against the right of the United States to con-
struct and own a ship canal, in connection with
Costa Rica and Nicaragua to connect the At-
lantic and Pacific ocrvans,
The passage of the House bill, now pending
In the Senate, should be the first step in this in-
dispensable movement, and the Senate should
not permit the conclusion it may reach on the
Hay-Pauncefote n-gotiations, whieh is a minor
consideration and is collateral to the main
question, to obstruct the will of a majority of
this body In its action on the House bill. To as-
sure the freedom of the setion of the Senate. as
a legislative body, in the consideration of the
House bill. the committeo respectfully recom-
mend the adoption of the resolution herewith
reported.’

INDIANA'S BIGGEST OIL WELL,

 

A Seven-Huandred Barrel Gusher Discovered
in Madison Coonty,

ANDERSON, Ind., June 4. The greatest oll
well in the Indiana oil territory has been found
near Alexandria It is on land leased by
the Lippencott Glass Company in Monroe
township and oil men say thet it is one of
the best ever known. The daily output is
seve) hundred barrels which is twice as much aa
any other weil in the State The Madison
county oil territory is developing far better than
was at firstecpected. Kerresentatives of the
Standard and other oi! companies are here
leasing all the land they can get and ainking
many wells every week
Rapid Transit to Sabarban Homes.
Full detatisof Suburban Homes in Westcurster

 

O’Neifl’s than the cost of makingthem. French Chip County In New York Central folder just issued. A

finest quality, worth $1.60, 45¢ each. (6th Ave.

Ha
20th wo 21st St —Ade.

4

ents or send |-cent stamp to Ges

BR to Ucket a
Centrai Station. —Ade.

niels, Gri

,

GHT

BATTLE WITH THE BOXERS.

 

 

Rassian Troops Defeat Chinese Rebels in a
Sharp Fight.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

TIEN THIN, June 4—The Cossacks who went
to look for the miasing refugees from the dis-
trict south of Pao Ting Fu have hada sharp fight
with the Boxers, whom they defeated with se-
vere loss. The Russians lost one officer and
had three others wounded,

Alarming reports as to the safety of the
American and English missionaries have
reached here from Pao Ting Fu.

It is learned that sixteen of the Boxers were
kilied and many wounded,

The latest telegram from Paoting-Fu states
that eight members of the American Mission
and three members of the China Inland Mission
are missing.

The train service between Pekin and Tien-

Tsin has been stopped, lHuang-Tsun, the
second station outside of Pekin has been
burned, ;

Loxpox, June 5,-A_ despatch to the
Timea from Pekin says that M, de
Giers, the Russian Minister, has offered
the Tsung-lil-Yamen to lend Russian

troops to suppress the Bosers, The Tsung-li-
Yamen thanked him for the offer and promised
to consider it. The Tsung-li-Yamen, however,
has no influence with the Governient,

Telegrams from the British and American
missionaries confined in Paoting-Fu report
that they were all safe on Sunday evening, but
their position was very dangerous.

All the reports of murders of missionaries in
the provinee hitherto sent to the Legations
have gproved fictitious, though there is still
anxiety rogarding tho safety of the mission-
aries.

One British and Russian escort of thirty
men and a relief party have returned
to Tien-Tsin with their mission unfulfilled.

It is inevitable that a reénforced de-
tachment will be sent to punish the
Boxers who wounded Russian officers. The

question therefore arises whether @ oom-
bined force of American and British
marines should not march direct to
Paoting-Fu to relieve the missionaries,
the precedent being the German punitive
expeditions to Shan-Tung. The Tsung-li-
Yarnen adinite that it is powerless, while the
Manchu Viceroy at Chigmi telegraphs that
there are no more troops available to send to
the disturbed districts.

The Times editorially declares that the situ-
ationin China isso grave that not even the
British preoccupation over South Africa can,
in common prudence, divert the country's at-
tention therefrom. Unless strong measures
are promptly taken the situation may rapidly

become worse,
After commenting on the employment and

the further offer of Russian troops,
the paper says: “What is to be our
attitude in this position of affairs? We
possess interests in China which make
{timpossible for us to leave the leading
part in restoring order to any other Power,
least of all to the Power which, as experience
has taught us, might be tempted to use her posi-
tion to the detriment of all others exoept her-
self. It is our uuty to take the lead
in any action that may be needed. We should
rejoice to do so in company with our American
kinefolk, but that, of course, |s a matter that is
entirely for them to decide. In any
case we must assert our hegemony on penalty
of forfeiting it and assert it with energy and
despatch, Happily our fleet {np Chinese waters
affords us the means for this step."

WASHINGTON, June 4.— The following de-
spatch about the Chinese situation came to-day
from Mr. Conger, the United States Minister at
Pekin:

“Outside of Pekin the murders and persecu-
cutions by the Boxers seem to be on the increase,
The Pao Ting Fu Railway is temporarily
abandoned. Work on the Pekin and Hapkow
lines bas been stopped. All foreigners have

the Boxers,””

The inability or unwillingness of the Chinese
Government to suppress the Boxer uprising Is
regarded in official circles as indicating more
serious outbreaks than have been expected,
probably involving the stability of the Empire,
While it has been known that the Empress
Dowager is in aympathy with the fanatica,
there was a feeling among the foreign
Powers that she would do everything pos-
sible to suppress the uprising in the fear
that {ts continuance would induce the
Powers to undertake that duty themselves,
thus placing China in danger of foreign occu-
pation and possible division among the great
nations of Europe. It may be regarded aa
significant, also, that the State De; artment
gave out the text of Minister Conger’s despatch.
This action indicates that the Department de-
sires to let the people of the United States know
the seriousness of the situation in China and to
show the Chinese Government the character of
the information Mr. Conger is sending here, in
the hope, probably, that the authorities at
Pekin will understand that the good faith of
their protestations of intention to suppress the
disorders is doubted.

 

American Mission Burned at Haang-Tsan.

The account of the burning of Huang-Tsun,
the next station to Feng-Tai, was shown yes-
terday to Prof. Headland of the Pekin Univer-
sity, at present in this city. He said; ‘The
Methodists have a mission church at Huang-

Taun which is supplied from the American mis-
sion corps at Pekin. A native preacher iain
charge of the church. The Mr. Norman, whotis
said to have been captured, ls not pf Se Nort
China Mission, but ee member of the Bociety
for the Spread of the Gospel, a local soctety o
Pekin. I don't heiieve the Boxers intend to kil
any foreigners unlesa they gt mixed up in
fights. ‘They want to carry off some, perhaps,
in order to get a ransom for them; but they are
Intent on killing off the native Christians,”

RUSH TO THE PARIS EXPOSITION,

English People Take Advantage of Bank
Holiday to Attend the Big Fair,
Special Cate Despatches to THE SUN.

Lonpvon, June 4.-—-The weather to-day was
beautiful and as it was a bank holiday, there
waa an enormous outpouring of Londoners to
the country, There was an unprecedented
rush of English people to Paris and {t is estt-
mated that 50,000 Britishers arrived there to-
day to attend the Exposition

Pants, June4-—-The attendance at the Ex-
position yesterday was, 515,700.
The night fate at the Exposition was a great

succeRs The luminous — fountains played
throughout the evening. The attendance was
enormous

Secretary Brackett of the American Commis-
sion has lasued an opinion regarding the sal-
aries paid the com ission’s employees. He
holds that the amounts are proper and reason-
able. He defends the recent increase as just,
owing to the advance of prices here.

ARCHBISHOP CORRIGAN'S TRIP,

Will Visié Oberammergaa to See the Passion
Play Before His Return.
Special Cable Despatch to THY SUN,
Rome, June 4.—Archbishop Corrigan of New

York ia spending afew days at Florence, He
will go from there to Venice and will then visit
Oberammergau to see the Passion Play.

Ministertalists Win in (tallan Elections,
Specia! Cable Desnaich to THR SUN
Rome, June: 4,—An official report states that
in the elections yesterday for members of the
Chamber of Deputies the Ministeriali«ts won
| 2985 seats, the party of the Extreme Left 72, and
the regular Opposition &2.

———

 

 

 

Three Fast Trains to St. Louts Via Pennsylvania
Railroad

 

| Leave New
| 1:55 and 8.55 P. M, daily.—Ade

E SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

fled. The Chinese Government seems to be |
either unwilling or unable to suppress tho
trouble. Troops show no energy in attacking

York (Wet 234 St Station) atg:55 A.M., |

OTIS TALKS OF FILIPINOS.

INSURRECTION OVER AND NATIVES
ARE BEGINNING TO TRUST US.

 

 

Present Trouble Entirely With Small Bands
of Armed Thicves — Aguinaldo’s Life or
Death of No Importance—Gen, Otis Leaves
San Francisco and Harries to Washington.

SAN Francisco, June 4.—Major-Gen, Elwell
8. Otis landed to-day after being twenty-five
days on the transport Meade from Manila.
For five days past he has been a close prisoner
al the Angel Island quarantine station. After
a few hours rest he boarded the eastern over-
land express, and at 6 o'clock started on his
trip to Washington.

He was escorted from the quarantine station
by Major-Gen. Shafter and his aide, Lieut.
Eugene Wilson of the Third Artillery, With
Gen. Otis were Major Murray, formerly his
secretary and Inspector-General, Capt, Sladen
and Lieut. Stanley, his aides.

As Gen. Otis stepped from the tug he looked
like astck man. His face was pale and drawn,
there were heavy wrinkles under his eyes,
and his whole appearance suggested the man
who was thoroughly tired. The General sought
a closed carriage to avoid the crowd and was
driven to the Occidental Hotel, where he had
lufich with his staff and Gen, Shafter.

Vhen seen after lunch he said that reat,
after such a long period of hard work, was
dificult to endure, and that he really felt better
when at his desk in the exceasive heat of Manila
than when at leisure on the steamer. With
characteristic modesty he denied that he had
overworked himself, and sald he had merely
pleaded business to get rid of the war oor-
respondents. He said:

“I played off very often, when I ought to
have been working. You see, I liked the cli-
mate of Manila, it suited me and I really felt
much better when hard at work than I do at
at this moment.”

In response to an inquiry whether he thought
we ought to hold the Philippines, he said:

“Hold them? Why, of course, we couldn't
let go now if we wanted to.”

As to whether they were worth the amount
expendedon them he was still more positive.

Why,” he said, “there is no question about
it. The Philippines are immensely rich, and
from a strictly commercial standpoint, they
are sure to be a paying investment, Just as
s00n 48 capital becomes ipterested, | expect
to see an immense amount of trade with the
islands. This, of course, takes time, for capi-
talists naturally are unwilling to invest in prac
tically unknown territory.”

Of the state of affairs in the Philippines he
said; “The insurrection has been over for
several months, and there is no danger of an-
other rebellion, for the aimple reason that
the rebel army has been completely shattered
and al) the leading rebels Killed or captured,
It ia true, many armed bands of thieves in-
fest various ports of the islands, whom the
insurrectionists claim are still loyal to the
Philippine cause; but that this is not so is proved
by the fact that the natives themselves in many
cases Ask ys for protection from these thieves,
Even these bands are on the run, however,
and we are keeping after them and gradually
stamping them out of existence. :

“The so-called Fillpino Government has
ceased to exist for along time and we are how
protecting those whe emand from us im-
munity from outra, nflictedonthem, Peace
hag been practically restored all through the
islands and the Filipinos generally have re-
turned to their avocations, thoroughly content
to submit to American authority. Trade
conditions are being gradually rextored to
their normal etate and there is much better
resting eyery qherp. 0 fouree. much _ re-
mains still to be done be pre we can aff
to rest upon our oars, but there ip every indi-
cation that the worst is over an
era is dawning fort

at they, too

the way in which they are egoperetag wi
in our efforte to better their condition.
pen encouraging sign, in my opinion, is
or the past few months the natives themselves
have been giving us information for the pur-
pore of helping usa to break up the bands of
adrones and robbers who have infested the

eee

ta new

fe Sipines.

‘eel this ja evident from

th us
he
at

country since the Filipino army was disbanded.
Formerly we could not get a native to tell us
| anything, and were consequently badly handi-
capped. Recently, however, they have begun
to realize that itis to their best interests to put
a stop to the frequent raids of these bands of
marauders, and they have shown a disposition
to wd us to attain that end. Within the past
three months, owing this cause, we have oa
tured more arms than during the whole of the
campaign to that date. In almost every case
the Information as to where they were secreted
came from friendly natives.

“For almost two years the Filipinos refused to
believe in the promise which we made to pro-
tect them against the insurrectos, but once the
rebel army was scattered pad our supremacy
became ured they readily understood what
wm est for their interests and acted accord-
naly.

“There ar 8 few outlying districts still in
which the rones have so Serroriagd the
natives that they are afraid to follow the dic-
tates of their common sonse, but these are rap-

idly being cleaned out, and it is only a question
of a few months before our troops will have all
the rones scat-

ms gathered in and the
te to the four winds.

“Considered as a whole, the present situation
is eminently satisfactory. The northern prov-
inces have been almost entirely cleared of the

‘agalos, and t a netive there not only welcome
the Americans but lend them every assistance
in their power. The establishment of military
governments east and west of the mountains
will in the near future be followed by provin-
cial elvil governments, Reconstruction has
already begun insome provinces, and will begin
in others very shortly, Outside of Luzon there
is a decided tendency for the better everywhere
and everybody is anxiously awaiting the time
when American methods will operate without
fear of interruption,

“One of the most successful experiments vet
tried is the establishment of courts of equity
based upon the American style. The Fill-
panes recognize this to be the most liberal re-
‘orm yet accorded them, and they are “ to
take advantage of it. nce they find that we
are to be trusted and that our promises are not
rade merely to be broken, there will be no fur-
ther trouble.”

uinaldo and the despatch

ect that the rebel leader hac
etachment of the Thirty-third
nfantry under Major Marc
Otis sald:

“ Aguinaldo does not cut any figure in the re-
bellion any longe and his life or death are mat-
ters of perfect indifference, so far as the ultimate
result is concerned, He pep been penny
| dead since the backbone of the revolution has
He never did amount to any-

n killed by a

es eat fs e
I

last month,Gen.

 

been broken.
Shing in my opinion, for he was only the figure-
head for such men as Mabini and Ruencamino
| who were the real brains of the {nsurrectionists,
py the way. Buencamino wanted to come over
ere with me but I declined to bring him along.”

CAPT, GODFREY KILLED.

Falls Fighting With Gen. Fanston’s Com-

mand—fits Family Lives in New York,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

| Manina, June 4,.--Brig.-Gen. Funston, who is

hunting the rebel force that captured Capt

Roberta of the Thirty-fifth Volunteer Infantry

a few days 1@o, engaged a party of insurgents

 

 

yesterdayt wenty-five miles north of San Miguel. |

In the engagement Capt Godfrey of the
| Twenty-second Regulars and one private were
| killed
| WasHinetos, June 4.--Offcial information
| of the death of Capt. George J. Godfrey was
received in a cablegram_to the War Depart-
ment thia morning from Gen. MacArthur. The
despatch says that he was killed in an engage-
ment near San Miguel de Mayumo, Luzon, on
June3’. Capt. Godfrey was born in New York
city Feb. 14, 1862, and appointed from New
York to the ailitary Academy July 1, 1882. He
was made a Second Lieutenant of the Twelfth
Infantry in oul, 1886, First Lieutenant of the
Twenty-second Lafantry in February, 1803,
and Captain in March, 1899. He = folned his
company Sept 20, 1886, and served with it at
Madivon Barracks, Y., to September,
1847, at Fort Leavenworth, Kan, to October,
iKs8 at Fort Suily, & D., to November, 1893:
at Fort Keogh, Mont,, to September, 1895; at
Fort Yates, N. D, to May, 1896; at Fort
Crook, Neb, to April, 1808: at Tampa,
Fla, to June, 1808 in the Santiago campaign
to Aug. 10, 1808, being wounded in action at El
Canev, Cuba, July 1, 1808 He arrived in
| Manila June 3, 1890

Capt. Godfrey's wife lives with his sister at
516 Kast 120th street. She said last evening that
she had not received any confirmation of the

| news of her husband's death

ED
Mount Pleasant House, White Mts, has its repre
, sentative, Mr. L. H. Bingham, at 3 Park _

 

    

STEPHEN CRANE DYING,

No Improvement Since His Arrival at Baden-
Weiler, Germany.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

LonpDon, June 5.--The Chronicle saya that the
removal of Stephen Crane to the Black Forest
n Germany has caused no improvement in his
health. He is at Baden-Weiler, He ts not ex-
pected to live. His wife is attending him.

 

LOUISVILLE'S JEFFERSON STATUE.

 

Too Big to Go Through Pennsylvania Tunnels
and Therefore Held in New York.

Lovisvitup, Ky., June 4.—The bronze statue
of Thomas Jefferson which was presented to
Louisville by I, W. and B. Bernheim reached
New York last week from Bremen, but an un-
expected difficulty has arisen which will pre-
vent its arrival in this city before a week or ten
days. The Pennsylvania Railroad agreed to
bring the monument here, but it was found that
the tunnels on the way are not large enough to
admit of its passage through them.

The moument consists of a figure of Thomas
Jefferson fifteen feet in height, a repr tion
of the Liberty Rell fourteen feet in height and
four life-sized figures, symbolizing Liberty,
Religion, Tolerance and Prosperity.

It is now proposed to send the monument
by way of Buffalo.

 

THE CALUMET AND HECIA FIRE.

 

No Apparent Check to the Flames in the
Depths of the Mine.

Hovonron, Mich., June 4.--The temperature
of the burning shaft of the Calumet and Hecla
mine shows little variation and the fire ia avi-
dently burning unchecked thousands of feet
under ground, The gas escapes in large vol-
umes through many cracks in the earth and a
large force of men and teams are constantly
employed] in covering the vents with earth.
Many workmen are overcome by the gas, and
one party of eight men narrowly escaped
asphyxiation.

TRAIN ROBBERS FOILED.

The Engineer Ran Away With the Train After
lt Had Been Held Up.

GALVESTON, Tex, June 4--An attempt to rob
the northbound Cannon Bal! express train
on the International and Great Northern Rail-
road was made shortly after midnight last
night near Price's Switch, sixty miles south of
Longview, Tex. Engineer Charles Rich saw @
pile of tles and a lantern on the track, and
stopped. Three masked men with leveled re-
volvers foroed the engineer and fireman to
uncouple the mail, baggage and express cars
and pull ahead about two miles from the re-
mainder of the train.

The robbers then commanded the express
messenger, named Rutherford, to open the car
door, and, failing to get any response, coin-
pelled Fireman Love to break in the door with
a coal pick. Asthe fireman broke open the door
he called to the express messenger and the bag-
gagemaster, Strong, not to shoot, The express
messenger replied that he would kill the first
man who entered the car.

Love was forced int) the car by the robbers,
and the messenger shouted: ‘Get outaide
Love,” and fired. Thereupon the robbers fire
a volley into the car, but the occupants were
not hit.

During the confusion Engineer Rich crawled
unobserved to the engine, boarded it unno-
ticed, threw the throttle wide open, and before
the robbers were aware of it they were left in
the darkness. A quick run was made to Jack-
sonville, five miles north. There a posse was
organized, bloodhounds were secured and the
train returned to the scene of the hold-up.

here the posse disembarked and started on
the trail of the robbers

The detached pert of the train was coupled on
and the Cannon Ball express resumed its jour-
ney to St. Louls, ita treasure saved by the con
ness and nerve of Engineer Rich. So far noth-
in one been heard from the posse or the
robbers.

 

A SCHOOLTEACHEK DISMISSED,

 

She Told Her Pepils That Christ Was One of
Ten Brothers,

HoLyore Mass., June 4—Because she told
her pupils that Christ was one of ten brothers
and sisters, Miss Anna 3. Hasbrouck, an !n-
structor in history, was dismissed from the high
school faculty by the School Committee to-night.
The incident which cost Miss Hasbrouck her
position happened in the medigval history
class a few days ago. The discussion drifted
to the parentage of Christ, and one of the stu-
dents, Miss Jess, wanted to know if Christ was
the only son. Miss Hasbrouck replied: “No
he was one of a family of 10 brothers and sisters.”
A second student doubted Miss Hasbrouck’s
statement and wanted to know her authorly.

“I cannot tell you accurately just now,” she
replied, “but 1 have the impression that the
statement fs made in the Bible,”

Some of the students, still sceptical, repeated
the assertion at home, and one of the prominent
clergy in the city, the Rey. P. J. Harkins, se-
verely scored the teacher, An investigation
by the School Board and a request for her resig-

nation followed. Miss Hasbrouc @ grad-
uate of the New York State iran Ruled

 

NORWEGIAN SHIP ON THE LAKES.

 

She Comes to Get a Slice of the Steel Rail
Carrying Trade With Canada.

ASHTABULA, Ohio, June 4,—The steamer Car-
lo, hailing from Norway and manned by Nor-
wegians, has just arrived at Conneaut. She has
come to engage ip the steel rail car-
rying industry between Conneaut Harbor,
Ohio, and Fort William, Canada. In size she {a
emall, and in build she is not much unlike a

number of amall American vessels engaged in
traffic on the lakes.
It is said here that she is the first veasel from
a European country to engagein lake traffic,
she is positively the first to engage in the steel
re |carrying trade. Canadian vessels, how-
ever, often ply to and from Ohio ports.
Conneaut is Carnegie’s lake port. Several
new Canadian terminals have been opened up
as steel rail receiving pores recently. The great
demand for boats in the ore trade may cause
acarcity of vessels in other lines of traffic, an
there may be room for many more boats. It
may be that others will come from Europe.

A FATAL DRINK OF WHISKEY.

He Stood up in a Boat to Take a Drink and a
Sudden Lorch Threw Him Overboard.

FisHKiLt Lanpino, N. Y., June 4.—Michael
Sideck, a Hungarian, employed on O'Brien's
brick yard, was drowned in the Hudon River
to-night while taking a drink of whiskey from
ajug, which he had in a row boat, while crossing
the river, Sideck and three companions left
the brick yards at about dark to row to New-
burgh. There they purchased a gallon jug
and filled it with whiskey. When about in the
middle of the river, Sideck stood up, ran his
arm through the handle of the jug and started
to take a drink, A sudden lurch of the boat
threw him backward into the river, He could
not free his arm from the jug and its weight
pulled him down. He never rose to surface
again. His companions stopped the boat, but
no sign of him was seen after he disappeared
into the water

THE REV.

All Hope of His Recovery Has Been Abandoned
by the Family,

The Rev. Dr. Richard Salters Storrs, pastor
emeritus of the Church of the Pilarima in
Brooklyn, was in sucha critical condition last
night that all hope of his recovery was
abandoned and it was thought that he might
not survive until the morning, He had been

confined to his bed at his home 40 Pierrepont
street for $i past two weeks and Dr, F. H.

DR. STORRS DYING,

 

Colton, his Physician, haa been in almost con-
stant attendance on his distinguished patient.
Dr. Storrs grew more feeb'e each day and on
Monday all hope of his recovery was practi-
cally abandoned. Dr. Coltonsaid ata late hour
last night: “Dr. Storrs is very low. He may
live out the night.”’ All Dr. Storrs's immediate
relatives within reach were at his de last
night.

New Trata to Cleveland and Cincinnati

Via Pennsylvania Rollroad. Leaves New York
(West 23d St Station) 6:25 P. M. dally,-Ads

 

a a ee ae a ee ae a a a a ee ey eee a
a LLC

Se

PRICE TWO CENTS.

oa

HILL WONT YIELD ALL

 

ICE STORM THREATENED IN THE

STATE CONVENTION, 4

 

Bryan Men Beaten on Piatform—"'No Plat
form at All’’ Is One Cry—If Hill Can’
Have the State Committce Therell Be
Wigs on the Green—As to Instractions
for Bryan, Oh Yes, That Goes All Right

The Democratic party of the State of New
York, was said last night at the Hoffman House
to bejskirting a glacial period, and’ while there
may be only a hailstorm in the State Convene
tion which is to assemble this morning in the
Academy of Music, it may turn out to bean
ice storm. A good deal depends upon the
Hon. David Bennett Hill of Wolfert’s
Roost, Albany. He has been compelled to
bow to the mandate of the Hon. Richard
Croker, the Sage of Tammany Hall, that the
State Couvention shall indorse Bryan, and,
contrary to all preéedent, instruct for Bryan
the New York delegation to the National Cone
vention at Kansas City. Beyond that, Mr,
Hill's intimates said last night, he would not go,
and when it was discovered that all day long ag
effort had been making to take away from Mr,
Hill the new State Committee to be named by
this State Convention, Mr. Hill's friends sald
that he would not stand that.

“If Mr. Hill's adversaries in the Democratie
party,’ declared Mr. Hill's intimate friends,
“attempt to take away from him the new
Democratic State Committee, he will stand up
in the Democratic State Convention and ate
tack Tammany Hall for its connection with
the Ice Trust. Hill will stand a good
many things. He isn’t much of @
fighter in the open, but he has manlte
ness enough not to let himself be crowded
off the earth, especially when no one
acquainted with him disputes the fact that he
wishes to regain power for the Democratie
party in the State. So we teil you, and we have
aright to speak for him, thatif it is discovered
that Tammany Hall or any of its allies have
joined in any combing to defeat Mr. Hill for
control of the Democratic State Committee, Mr,
Hill will make things lively in the Democratie
State Convention against Tammany on the Toe
Trust business.”

“Will Mr. Hill really fght?”’ was the question
asked of his frien:s.

“He will fight on that question at the drop of
a hat,” they replied,

The State Committee met last night at
the Hoffman House, Chairman Frank Camp-
bell of Bath wielding the gavel. Mr. Hill,
Mr. Murphy, Mr. Carroll, Mr. Shevlin,
Mr. Mearren, and Norman &. Mack of Buffalo
were present. The meeting lasted exactly tea
minutes. Mr. Hill nominated ex-Assemblyman
John T. Norton of Troy, the personal friend of
ex-Senator Murphy, to be temporary chairmaa
of the convention to-day. Mr. Hill's sugges-
tion was accepted without a murmur and the
committee adjourned. Only one or two
proxies were reported at the meeting of the
State Committee,

Immediately after the meeting of the State
Committee a conference was called to meet in
the apartments of Mr. Murphy to consider what
sort of platform should be submitted to the
State Convention. It is known that Mr. Bill
has had up his sleeve for the last two days @
sort of bi-metallic platform based on his Elmira
speech, which calls for the recognition of silver
with the consent of foreign nations. Neverthe»
leas, it was decided that a conference was
neceasary on this important subject.

There were present at this conference the folk
lowing gentlemen: Mr. Hill, Mr. Murphy, Joha
F, Carroll, Norman E. Mack of Buffalo, Chaire
man Campbell of the State Committeo, and Mr,
Sheviin and Mr. McCarren of Kings. Mr. Sheve
lin and Mr. McCarren, representing Kings
county, belleve that they hold the balance of
power {n any Democratic State Convention,
and especially is this true at the present time,
Nevertheless, Mr. Mack, as the head of the Erie
county delegation, represents twenty-four dele»
gates, and Erie county is considered to be the
domicile of the Simon-pure Bryan element ig
the State of New York.

Well, that conference did not break up until
11:30 at night. It was a three-hour affair,
The discussion was as to whether the cope
vention should or should not reaffirm the
Chicago platform of 1896, and if not, just how
much of that platform should be mete
tioned in the proceedings of to-day's com
vention. Mr. Hill brought out his platform
which calls for bimetallism. Mr. Maok for the
radical Democrats of the State protested
against any such platform and demanded that
the Chicago platform should be peaffirmed fa
its entirety, From all accounts Mr. Mack was
defeated, but Mr. Mack’s friends said that if
any equivocal platform was submitted by Mr,
Hill or anybody else in the State Cone
vention to-day, the real friends of Myr,
Bryan in the State would get up and
submit a minority report.

Mr. Hillin this conference was supported by
Mr. Murphy and by the Kings county Deme=
orats. This{s a sort of paradox inasmuch es Mr,
Murphy is areal Bryanite and the Kings coun-
ty Democrats have by official resolutions
denounced Bryanism. Yet, it may be said,
that the winner in last night's conference was
Mr. Hill, and from all accounts the Democratie
State Convention is to havea slipshod platform
based upon Mr. Hill's bimetallic speech at Ek
mira, or as some «aid late last night it te
to have no platforin at all. Some of the moss
eminent Democrats in the State declared that
that they did not believe that {t was necessary
to adopt any platform at this convention, As
an evidence of the general sentiment My,
Murphy requested his friend Norton of Troy,
who is to be‘temporary chairman, to make as
short aspeech as possible this morning, and
Mr. Hill, after talking with his friend Mr. Dane
forth, said he wished that Mr, Danforth would
jam down his speech as permanent [chairmaa
to the lowest possible limit.

Supréme Court Justice D, Cady Herrick wae
around buttonholing the Albany delegation
and others and asking them to elect Distriots
Attorney Zeb A. Dyer State Committeeman,
but the anti-Herrick faction were not asleep
and they believe that Patrick MoCabe
of Albany will be the ‘committeeman for the
district. The beta were 10 to 5 last night at the
Hoffman House that Mr. MoCabe would w
over Herrick’s candidate, Mr. Dyer. There a
a number of other contests to be settled, but,
as already said, the very general opinion fs
that Mr. Hill will control the new Democratie
State Committee for the reason that if he doesn’t
“the worm will turn,” and if Tammany Hall
fights him on the complexion of the new State
Committee he will fire back on the Ice Trust
business. Mr. Hill has always been opposed te
politiclans making money. He isn't a money
maker himself and he does not believe thas
Democratic politicians should use thelr party
to benefit their pockets.

Underiaker Me: arthy of Syracuse was agaig
around distributing literature against Hill until
Treasurer John F. Gaynor of the Demooratio
State Committee called him off and said that
his conduct was unseemly. The undertaker

was very angry and he went dowa
to Police Headquarters and saw Chief
Devery The Chief told him = thas

the law forbade the distribution of handbille
in the streets and the undertaker ceased, He
declared, however, that he would see his friend
Rilly Sulzer, whom he has nominated for View
President and that he had 100,000 olreulars
packed in hiv trunk at the Hoffman House
which must see the light of day. The undege
taker was so angry last night at the course of
events that he had a personal aitercetioa ip