eS

i

3 ~ ae

:- sa

t

“As

 

 

ee

a

They Appoint Missionaries to Seo That the

the corridor wet a ie. £
wa peep nd o'
. fAlll to elit’ shouted Undertaker McCarthy.
“We are the people, and we want Bryan. H
to hell’ should be the motto of the convention
to-morrow.” :

“You'll get Bryan all right,’ responded Mr.
Gaynor, “but as the EVENING SUN said to-night,
it will only result in: |

A ltile more work for the Undertaker,
Another Job for the casketumaker.

After making this speech Mr, Gaynor said
that he wanted to bet that Bryan would carry
the State of New York this fall, A dozen dis-
Interested persons wanted to take bit up and
one especially offered to bet him $1,000 even
now, before the two National Conventions
met, that Bryan wouldn't carry the State. Mr.
Gaynor would not accept the bets

One of the interesting eventa of the day was
when the Hon Norman E, Mack, at the head of
the twenty-four delegates fro, Erie county,
called upon State Chairman Campbell, Mr.
Mack said: ;

“We have been sent to this convention to
vote for the instruction of delegates for Wil-
liam J. Bryan and for an indorsement of the
Chicago platforin, We must follow these in-
structions, If any substitute for the Chicago
platform is offered, we cannot vote for it with-
out violating our instructions Therefore we
ask you to use your influence to securea square
indorsemrent of that platform.”

Mr. Campbell said, in reply: "You need have
no iear about the instruction of delegates It
Is wettied tha! the delegates will be instructed
for Bryan without opposition. Tcannpt say yet
what will be done about the platform will
eny, however, that my position and yours are
not very different) We must be united to enter
the fight with any hope of success andl am
rendy to do anything to promote harmony

Notwithat nding all these things all ao-
anni ted with the inside situation of the Demo-
ernie party of the State of New York believe
that Mr. Hill is really working to eleet a Demo-
cratic Governor and to capture the Senate
and the Asenbly at) Albany Coler is
to be the candidat’ for Governor, accord-
ing to his programme, and Tammany is to
appear (o oppose him, so that he will not appear
to be the Temimany candidate, but will get the
Taminany support The Tammany Commit-
Nominations

for delegates to

tee on
the National Convention has = agreed
on thirteen of the sixteen delegates

from the eight Congress districts, but has not
yet Noallysettied the distribution of them among
the di-triets, Pheanen selected are Jt, FP) Mar-
tin, Asa Bird Gardiner, Timothy D Sullivan,
Patrick Divver, Jobn PF. Carroll, O. ALP. Bel-
mont, John Whalen, Samuel Untermyer, Jobn
W. Koller, Thomas F. Grady, Patrick Keenan,
William Sulzer and August Moebus

Adl believed last night that the State Conven-
tian would be on onesday. affair and would
adjourn this evening There is some little
digenssion naa to Whether @x-Supreme
Van Wyck of

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  

Court Justice  Anaustus

Brooklyn should. be elected a delegate-
at-large. ‘The Brooklyn | delegation — is
divided on this question, They recognize

that the opposition, the Republican party,
would like to have Mr. Van Wyek sent to
Kansis Clivy as a delegate- at-large in
view of the statement that he Is a
holder of American. Iee Company stock
It was maintained that there is po real
reason why Mr Van Wyek should not invest
jn ice Company stock for the reason that
he is a private citizen, but the contention
fis that Mr Van Wyck as a candidate for
Governor in isv8 wandered all over the
Atate inaking a great anti-trust speech and
that all the time he held stock in. the
Ive Comrany Goy. Roosevelt: has said within
the last few dave that he couldn't understand
the one-time attitude of his adversary in view
of recent developments. It is known that
through the valuaoleadyice of Harry W. Walker
over a million copies of Aucustus Van Wyek's
nti-trist speeones during the campaign of 1808
ave been circulated in all the States with a
view to having Mr. Van Wyek either nominated
‘or President or Vice-President at Kansas City.
Jothing hae been said about Mr, Van Wyck's
anti-trust speech within the last few weeks, and
me of the wags of the hotel at the Hoffman
ouse last night wanted to know if it had been
put “on ice.”

 

THREAT OF CHICAGO PLATFORM MEN,

Convention Does Its Duty.

The Chicago Platform Democrats held a meet-
{ng at the Hotel Bartholdi last night, passed
a resolution calling on the State Convention to
reaffir:n the Chicago platform and to instruct
the delegates for William J. Bryan, and then ap-
pointed a committee to walt on the Committee
on Resolutions at the convention to-day and
present tlie resolution passed last night. Hav-
{ng done this much, the Chicago Platform men
went over to the Hoffman House, arriving there
shortly after the adjournment of the State Com-
mittee, ‘To their great delight they found
everybody there talking for reaffirmation of the
Chicago platform and delegates to Kansas City

instructed for Bryan, ‘Then they declared that
their fidelity to the cause of free silver had won
a great victory.
here was a larver attendance at the meet-
{ng at the Hotel Bartholdi than there has been
atany meeting of the Chicago Platform Demo-
erats in this city fo’ a long time. Several of
those present came to the hotel in a hansom, on
the top of which was rigged a large picture of
Bryan, underneath which was written: “16 to 1;
A Bure Winner.” There were also two aand-
wich men who went un and down Broadway
ng Bryan and freesilver placards. Henry
pe ols presided at the meeting which was
eld in the basement of the hotel, far away
rom prying eyes. All but well-known Chicago
tform Democrats were barred from the
room. The meeting lasted from 8 until 9:30
‘olock. Mr. Nichols then geve out the followe
ing resolution which was adopted unanimously
at the meeting

' Whereas, There seems to be some doubt as to whether
the State Convention called for temorrow will In
etruct for William J. Bryan and the reaMirmation of
the Chicago platform, and which action we deem of
vital Importance to the Democratic party and fis
Principles: therefore, be {t

Resolved, That we, the delegates of the Chicago
Platform Democracy of the State of New York, urge
upon the State Committee to use fis best endeavors
fo see that such action ts taken by the convention;
and be it further

Resolved, That should the convention to be called
to-morrow not instruct as Is the wish of all good Demo-
rais, then in that case we, the Chicago Platform
Jemocrats, ata meeting on the 4th day of June,
will take such action as the occasion demands,

The committee appointed to prseent this reso-
lution to the Committee on Resolutions at the
convention to-day is: Hlenry Nichola of Kings

hairman; Francis M. Bixby of New York,
Thomas W. Cantwell of Albany, James L. Demp,
sey of Clinton, Dean F. Currie of Orleans,
Charlea Frederick Adams of Kings, John
McCarthy of Onondaga, Hugh 1). Farley. of
Oneida, Col. Archie ©. Fisk of New York, Clar-
ence I. Davis of Kings, John Ideson of Wayne,
1. 8. Palliser of Westchester, A. J. Elias of
Srie and Samuel Seabury of New York

“The convention must declare tor Bryan and
the Chicago platform,” said Mr. Nichols to a
BUN reporter after the meeting. “It won't
do to declare for Bryan alone. If the platform
fe not indorsed, too, the New York delegation,
with what it could pick up in the way of strag-
gars might succeed in getting more than a

ird of the delegates at Kansas City and em-
barrass the convention. We have declared
ourselves to-night and are confident that the
convention to-morrow will do all that we insist
on its doing in our resolution.”

“We have a maiority of the convention,” said

as W. Cantwell, “and so we have little

ear that the delevates will not be instructed

or Bryan or that the Chicago platform will not

reaffirmed. We will have the people on the

to speak for us if it s necessary and weare

ed for any contingency. What we will

0 if the convention does not reaffirm the Chi-

vago platform is best expressed in our  reso-

hition. The Democratic platform representa

sic anda half million Democrats who voted for

it when it was new to them and they had to

instructed in it. Thirty-nine States in thier

conventions have indorsed it, and New York
must do the same thing.’

CLUB WIDE OPEN TO DELEGATES,

 

Mayor Van Wyck Shakes Hands All Around
and Inquires About the Crops.

There was a reception for delegates to the
State Convention at the Democratio Club last
night. Most of the big guns of the convention
were at the State Committe meeting and the
following conference at the Hoffman House
But’ there were city men enough there to wel-
come all the guests that came. There were
up-State delegates enough to fill the club so
full that the only way to get from one room
to another was to squeeze through. Harmony
was everywhere prevalent. It was set along
the walls of the caré in great bowls and waiters
were kept busy lacdling if out. Some of it was
red, some was pink, some was brown and some
was Straw colored. AS the evening progressed
voices in up-State accents were heard at frequent
intervals to cal! tor three cheers for Mr. Croker
and others whose pietures are prominent on

walle of \ club, 1

6 Hon. Perry Belmont stood between the
parlor and the enfé. Most of the delegates
were very anxious to see the “man that owned
that horse.” Mavor Van Wyck hung about
the front door and was more aggressive than
any one of the members of the Reception Com-
mi in greeting the strangers and making
t feel at home. He sat on the edge of the
table in the reception room and jollied every
bedy that caught his eve. He was even heard
to ask one old gentleman with long yellow
whiskers how crops were going. Delegates
Wee Cer eere overheard talking to one an-

ut the scandalous way the ’

slandervd the Mayor by calling

a r ong End disagreoanbie person,

ethr re .

ay Ws many en were impressed

he Mm waa jist as crowded at mid-

pias as i re at 9 o'clock. People who had

t tate Committee meeting down-

Oritting in. Elliot Danforth came

ae ret 3h e k. monaies a was not
. ‘

cltality up to biota Pour. Serr oo

;

Senator to take favorable action.

shire oppose Mr
banks, a drgening his remarks to Mr. Chandler.
(

lieve this is a proper appointment.

crats have been courteous to us here in the
Senate and have enabled us to

I believe they are right
for him let it be found somewhere else.”

officials, The letter
note, anyhow.”

posed of,
BITTER CONTEST IN ULSTER COUNTY.

son
spoken of as delegate

nor yur Garser ae | OT FIGHT OVER BYNUM.

 

ANOTHER EFFORT MADE TO CON*
FIRM HIS NOMINATION,

Senator Jones Gives Notice That There Will
Be No Confirmations This Session, Uniess
Bynum Is Rejected — A Personal Collo-
quy Between Chandler and Fairbanks.
WASHINOTON, June 4,~-Senator Jones of Ar-

kansas says that William D. Bynum, the Gold

Democrat nominated some months ago to be a

member of the Board of Appraisers at New

York, will be rejected to-morrow by the Sen-

ate, or there will be no more confirmations of

nominations now on the executive calendar

Mr. Jones issued this ultimatum this afternoon

after a discussion of the Bynum case ranging

over almost four hours. Inasmuch as there
are more than two hundred nominations now

on the calendar, including a large nurnber of im-

portant ones, suchas the Porto Rico Judgeships,

the Judgeship for the Western District of New

York and many Postmasters and Army and Navy

promotions, in which Republicans are inter-

ested, Mr. Jones will probably win his point

The temper of the Senate was manife: ‘ed
this afternoon when a vote was taken on the
motion of Mr Fairbanks to recommit Mr
Bynum’s nomination to the committee, This
motion was defeated by a vote of 34 to 82. The
motion to recommit was iptended to put the
nomination back into the hands of the com-
mittee, so that when the Senate adjourned,
there having been no action taken by the Sen-
ate, the President would haye been justified
in giving Mr. Bynum a recess appointment
aud continutng him in the office until the next
session of Congress, at least,

This action was defeated by the alertness
of Messrs. Jones and Vest and other Demo-
erats, who have from the beginning insisted
that Mr. Bynum should not enjoy the office to
which he has been appointed, and they were
aided ina large measure by a number of promi-
nent Republicans, who believe a mistake was
made in appointing Mr. Bynum. Among these
Republicans were such Senators as Frye and
Hale of Maine, Chandler of New Hampshire,
Bard of California, and others. They believed
it was bad polities to appoint a Gold Demno-

erat to an office that should, as they belleved

have gone to a member in good standing of

the regular Democratic party.
Senator Fairbanks of Indiana, from whose

State Mr. Bynum comes, has been his cham-
pion from the start

He spoke to-day for u

ward of two hours in an endeavor to get the
He attacked
Mr. Chandler with much vigor, charging him

with being a Republican masquerading as @

Democrat to secure the defeat of Bynum’s con-

firmation

"Why does the Senator from New Hamp-
Bynum?” asked Mr. Fair-

“T do not be-
The Demo-

“Because,” said Mr. Chnadler,

488 certain
arty measures without undue delay They
iave treated us decently and fairly. They say

that this man is not a Democrat and that he
ought not to be charged to their party as the

Democratic member of this important board.
If an office is required

Mr. Fairbanks again accused Mr. Chandler

of repudiating his party, and an ill-tempered
personal debate followed,

*The Senator from Indiana may aceuse me

of masquerasing as a Democrat if he pleases,”
Bale
me in the least.
my politics and my Republicanism, and 1 am
willing to be judged
tend to tell the Senator from Indiana that my
Republicanism ts dierent from his, in some
respects at least. |
mended a man for an office, and witltin a very
few weeks after his induction into that office
brought
a bill and rushed it through for the extradition
of that appointee so that he could be tried as a
common thief and embezzier.”

Chandler. “That does not alarm

Mr
The people of my State know

by them. But [ do in-
have never yet recom-
committee

into the Senate from a

“What does the Senator mean?” asked Mr.

Fairbanks

“T mean the Neely case,” retorted Mr. Chane

dler

“I did not recommend Mr. Neely for the

office he held jn Cuba,” said Mr Fairbanks

"Tsay that the Senator did recommend him

for a place under the Post Office Department
in Cuba,” rete
has been mos }
passed that would get this same man back
where he could be tried for hia crimes.”

ted Mr. Chandler, “and that he
urgent recently to have a law

“That is not true,” sald Mr. Fairbanks.
“'! did recommend Mr. Neely for the office of

posimnaest of Havana, but not for the office he
y

eld when he was apprehended by the Federal
wrote was but a formal

“The Senator may call it a formal note if he

will.” retorted Mr. Chandler, with some asper-
ity
with the Senator's handwriting,
his letter of recommendation, and I tell the
Senate that it was full of fulsome praise of the
man who was appointed, holding him up as fitted
for any office within the gift of the Government

I am famillar

“but [ do not call it that.
I have seen

nent.

Mr. Fairbanks insisted that he was not re-
sponsible for Neely, and that incident of the de-
bate closed without further parley
those two Senators.

between

After the vote was taken on the motion to

recommit, Mr. Fairbanks sought to prevent
action on a possible motion to reject, but he
subsequentiy gavethatup. Mr. Platt called up
the nominat

nig notice that that case nor any other could

on of John R. Hazel, but Mr, Jones

ye taken up until the Bynum matter was dis-

 

 

Senator Rice Wins the Delegates to the Dem-

ecratic State Convention.
Kinoston, N. ¥., June 4.--One of the bit-

terest contests for delegates to a convention
that has ever been waged in Ulster county
came to a close on Saturday when delegates
to the Democratic
chosen.
crata who favored the Hon, Thomas’ FE. Bene
dict, who was Public Printer under President
Cleveland, as delegate to the National Con-
vention, and those who favored the Hon. Jacob
Rice, who is the State Senator from this dis
trict, as national delegate.

erata were victorious in both the First and
Second Assembly districts, having a majority
of delegates at each convention that selected
delegates to "Ye State Convention., who w
name Benator Ric

ster county to Kansas City.
the Rice forces were Everett Fowler, receiver;
John F, Cloonan, counsel, and Henry Beck,
superintendent of the Gilasco Ice

State Convention were
The fight has been between Demo-

The Rice Demo-

~ as the delegate from U1

The leaders of

Company,
jcehouse on the Hud-

Benedict, who was
1 Opposition to Senator
Rice, is the father-in-law of John D, Schoon-

which owns the largest
River. Thomes EF.

maker, the Vice-President of the National
Ice Company. Among others who opposed

the Rice adherents were former Mayor Brine
nier, F. A. Westbrook, Augustus H. Van Buren
the law partner of John J. Levison, and
Chandler A, Oakes,

During the flaht for delegates, which has
been going on for several weeks, no little bad
feeling was engendered. Before the contest
started there were no better friends than Su-

reme Court Justice James A. Betts and former
Mayor Brinnier, but now it is all over, After
the election of Justice Betts he presented Mr.
Brinnier a. gold watch as_a token of esteem
and friendship for hia efforts in hia behalf,
but because Judge Betts refused to aid Brin-
nier in securing delegates ainst Senator
Nice, Brinnjer became irate and throwing the
watoh on the table before the Judge, remarked:
“Take back your watch, IT do not want to carry
around this le any longer.” Although the
Chieago platform was ratified at the Assem-
bly District convention, it is said the State del-
egates chosen are not very ardent Bryan men,

 

IDAHO'S LABOR ROW IN POLITICS
Fight Over the Mining Delegation Expected
in To-day's Democratic Convention,

Lewiston, Idaho, June 4.—The Democratic
State Convention to name national delegates
meets here to-morrow morning. There {s
prospect of a row and the outlook to-night
is that the convention will refuse seata to the
only delegation elected from Shoshone county,
the scene of the Ceenr d'Alene labor troubles,
recently the subject of Congressional inves.

tigation. It is asserted that the primaries
were captured by the radical labor element
and the delegation sent here ts composed of
known sympathizers with the rioters,

The situation is complicated by the fact
that Gov. Steunenberg and State = Auditor
Sinclair are both candidates before the Dem.
ocrate nominating coavention which meets
in July. They took tigorous steps to suppress
the labor troubles a year ago. They will con-
trol toemorrow's convention and say that they
propose to rid the party of any possible taint
of aympathy with the lawless element among
the miners, There is a strong e¢lement op.
posed to Steunenberg and Sinclair and they
will put up a flaht to keep the Shoshone county
men in their seats. A point made against the
delegation is that a majority of the men are
pronounced Populists, although coming here
as Democrats,

Sale of Umbrellas at O'Neill's,

They offer extraordinary values. See \
tisement. 6tb Ave., 20th to 21st hae ore

4
\

\

   

FOR HEARST AND SULZER.
‘The Bryan League Clubs Suggest Beth as
Good Men to Ran With Bryan.

The Bryan League clubs had a conference at
the Grand Union Hotel last evening. It was
called by Calvin E. Keach of Troy and was at-
tended by fifteen men, who spent the evening
and part of the nightin wrangling over the
question of recommending the nomination of
William R. Hearst for Vice-President. They

finally concluded to do 50

John W. Shea of Syracuse presided and M.
O'Connell and Samuel B. Thomas were secre-
taries. It was decided to send a committee
of five to the Democratic State Conven-
tion to-day to on behalf of the
clubs in an effort to have the convention in-
sert in the platform a clause declaring that
the convention indorsed, reaffirmed and recog-
nized the Chicago platform of 1896 as the
fundamental law of the party. ;

John, Shechan introduced the resolution
William Ro Hearst for Vice-Presi-
dent on the National Democratic ticket
Connell objected to fta adoption.
He denounced Mr, Hearst aa .a _million-
aire and said that the party had suffered in
1496 because it had on the ticket the wealthy
shipbuilder, Mr Sewell. ‘The party ougltt to
have a poor man on the ticket, one who had
devoted himself tothe people. Mr. O'Connell
eulogized William Sulzer and asked that he be
indorsed by the conference tor the Vice-Presi-
dential nomination.

Mr. Keach said that he had been assured that
{t was the wish of Mr. Brvan_that a New York
man be nominated for Vice-President and that
Mr Bryan was favorable to the nomination of
Mr. Sulzer. Mr. Keach wanted the conference
to indorse three names for the nomination,
and he presented those of Dr. John Girdner,
John (. Sheehan and Mr. Sulzer, The
meeting adopted Mr Sheehan's resgiution
and then Mr. Keach’s after it had been
amended by striking out the names of Dr
Girdner and Mr, Sheehan; so the Conference of
Bryan League Clubs his two candidates in the
ticld for the nomination

President Keach in an address to the confer-
ence said that he had had assurances
that Augustus Van Wyck's name would be
taken off the list of delegates- at-large to the
Kansas City Convention owing to certain recent
developments. Mr. Keach did not mention the
Tce Trust, Mr. Reach wanted Wiliam R,
Hears! substituted for Brother Gus as delegate-
at-large. Long after midnight the conference
was still disputing With itsell over questivns uf
national policy and party politics.

The eommitte® appointed to go before the
convention to-day was as follows: Charles, A.
Burke of Malone, J. W, Shea of Syracuse, Cal-
vin S. Keach of Troy, E. J, Lane of Hoosic
Fails and Samuel B. Thomas of New York.

John C, Sheehan was asked to serve on the
committee and declined,

 

UsSIst

endorsing

 

ANOTHER BLOW AT COFFEY.

 

Dropped From the State Committee by
McLaughlin—Delegates Chosen,

The delegates from Kings county to the
Democratic State Convention met last night
at the headcfiarters of the organization in
the Thomas Jefferson in Brooklyn and selected
their quota of officers for the convention to-
day, the delegates and alternates to the
National Convention, the Presidental electors
and the State committeemen, The various
political honors were distributed without re-

gard to the wishes of Senator Coffey and War-
den Hayes who are fighting the MeLaughlin ma-
chine. Hayes was present, but made no pro-
test whatever. It was said, however, that
he and the Coffey contingent might be heard
from teecer in opposition to the selection
of ex-Justlee Augustus Van Wyck as one
of the delegates-at-large to the Kansas City
Convention. Their candidate, it fs under-
stood, is Congressman Mitchell May. Al-
though the full slate has already been made
out, acommittee, composed of the representa
tives from each Senatorial and Congress dis-
triet, was chosen to go through the form of
ratifying it. The report of the committee
was, of course, Unan!mously approved

These were the Griegaies and alternates
named to the National Convention trom the
five Congress districts

Second District Congressman John JJ. Fitzgerald
and Henry F. Haggerty, delegates, Philip A. Kinkel
and Fdward J. Dooley, alternates, ‘Third Distriet—
John L. Shea and James Moffett, delegates, Mat-
thew FE, Dooley and Arthur C. Salmon, alternates,
Fourth Distriet--Frank D, Creamer and ex-Sevator
John McCarty, delegates’ Henry French and Henry
A. Hestenberg, alternates, Fifth District Congress-
man Frank FE. Wilson and Col, James D, Hell, dele-
gates. Edward Glennan and Bernard Schmitt, alter-
nates, Sixth District-—-Senator Patrick H. McCarren
and William J, Lynch, delegates, William BF, Ma
lody and William Brennan, alternates,

Presidential Flectors--Second district, Edward
Kempton; Third district, Pdward Kaufmann: Fourth
Aistrict, Jerre W ernbers Fifth district, William J.
Seaton. Stath district, Rudolph C. Beecher,

State Committeemen Hugh Me-
Laughlin; Fourth district, John W. Webber; Fifth
district, William A. Doyle: Sixth district, James
Shevlin; Seventh district, P. H. MeCarren; Eighth
district, Anthony J. HKurger; Ninth district, Edward
Glinnen,

The only changeis in the Fifth district, in
which Councilman Doyle was substituted for
Senator Coffey, in. further retaliation for his
disloyalty in the last campaign President
York of the Police Board was chosen as chair-
man of the delewationto the State Convention
and James J. Reagan as Secretary, Chairman
Shea announced that the headquarters of the
delegation would be in the Executive Commit-
tee rooms in Tammany Hall, a proof, if any
further were needed, that there is not likely to
be any serap in the convention between the
Tammany and McLaughlin forces,

GOV. TAYLOR MAY STAY IN INDIANA,

Third district,

Alleged Plan to Arrest Him if He Goes to the
° Philadelphia Convention. ow

LOvIsvILLE, Ky., June 4—Representative
John R. Kelday of this city, who was secretary
of the Republican legislative caucus and who
was selected as an alternate delegate from the

State at lenge, paid thle morning, that he did
not think that Goy, Taylor was going to atten
the convention at Philadelphia. ° .

The only reason suggested for such a de-
cision on Mr. Taylor’s partis the fear of arrest
{if he leaves Indiana, The Democrats have been
expecting to have him arrested as he passed
through West Virginia on his way to Philadel-
phia. The members of Mr. Taylor’s family have
joined him at Indianapolis

Ina speech at Richmond this afternoon W.
B Smith of this city, Bryan elector for Ken-
tuck y in 1896, tormally announced his candidacy
for Governor on a platform favoring the amend-
ment of the present election law.

FRANKFORT, Ky., June 4 —Ex-Chief Justice
Joseph H. Lewis announced to-night that he
would on Wednesday give out a written state-
ment defining his position on the Governorship
race. This will be the formalopening of the cam-
paign for the Democratic nomination. So far
there are three candidates; George Beckham,
James D. Black of Knox and Judge Lewis of
Franklin, John W. Yerkes of Danville ts the
favorite for the Republican nomination,

POCKET-KNIFPE BOOM FOR HARRISON,

 

Chicago's Mayor Proposed as Bryan's Running
Mate in a Novel Fashion,

Cricaao, June 4.—Bryan and Harrison,
anti-imperialism, anti-trusts."" This ticket and
this platform are engraved on the large blade
of pocket knives which are being distributed
among local politicians by former South Town
Assessor HenryfStuckart. The Altgeld Demo-
crats say that Mayor Harrison has a Vice-Presi-
dential bee in his hat, and Mr. Stuckart has
started the Harrison boom by issuing the
pocket knives, The Mayor denioe that he has
any such aspirations as those credited to himon
the blades of Mr. Stuckart's knives,

Mr. Stuckart ordered 4,000 knives several days
ago. A hardware firm with which Heaton Ows-
ley, a brother-in-law of the Mavor, is connected,
furnished them ,

 

NEBRASKANS AT KANSAS CITY,

 

Men From Bryan's State Will Make Them-
selves Known at the Convention,

LINCOLN, Neb., June 4.—The Executive Com-
mittee of the Traveiling Men's Bryan Club,
which has charge of the Nebraska train to the
National Convention, finds that more wish to

© than it will be possible to accom
Bh number will doubtiess reach 3,000. moans

‘he committee has rented an entire busin
block for the accommadation of the cohen
have also selected a uniform by which Nebras-
kans will be known, Pearl gray fedora hats of
the shape made famous by Mr. Bryan. during
his Presidential campaign of 1896 will be worn
and also silk badges with “Nebraska” and
Kryan’s picture in silver. The men will wear
tan gloves and carry tan-colored umbrellas,

REPUBLICAN VICTORY IN OREGON,

Indications of Increased Majorities on the
Expansion Issae,

PORTLAND, Ore, Junes.. The State electionin
Oregon to-day was for a Justice of the Supreme
Court, State Dairy Inspector, two Congressmen
and a Legisinture to elect a successor to United
States Senator MeBride

Atodoek indications were that the Repub-
lieais had ved amajority of the Legislature
the Supreme Justice and both Congressmen by
increased mejorities. Chairman Steele claimed
the erection of Tongue to Congress in the First

strict by. 2.000 and Moody in the se
distnet by 7,000 wanees
The issue was clear cut on expansion and the |

 

 

 

Republicans, seemingly, have won @ big vio
ory.

Tete

    

ay 8

GOVERNOR 1S GOING SLOW.

WILL NOT PROCEED AGAINST THE
MAYOR IN HASTE.

 

The Attorney-General Will First Inquire Into
Both Law and Fact The Mayor Must Tes-
tify Before Justice Gaynor—Comptroller
Coler to Hold Up City Ice Bills--List of
Ico Trast] Stockholders Made Public,

ALmany, June 4,—-The scene of operations
against the American Ice Company was re-
moved to Albany to-day, Gov Roosevelt
reached here shortly before 7 o'clock to-night
and went atonce to the Fxecutive Mansion,
There he had an appointment with Attorney-
General Davies, with a view of deciding how
best to proceed, considering the developments
which have resulted from the examination ot
the stock transfer books of the American
Ice Company. Mr. B. F. Einstein ffor the
Journal and Mr. J. Noble Hayes for
the World were at the Executive Mansion
‘The Governor {s determined that the law shall
beenforced. The method of procedure is to
be devised by the Attorney-(ieneral, Tho At-
torney-General told the Governor that in view
of the fact that the proceedings before a
referee underthe Donnelly Anti-Trust law were
likely to be stayed pending the decision of the
Court of Appeals passing upon the constitu-
tionaiity of the law, which might not be reached
until fall, it was necessary to proceed with de-
liberation in dealing, in any other way, with
the question presented immediately It has
been suggested that the Governor convene an
extraordinary Grand Jury to proceed against
the officers of the ice company criminally under
the provisions of the Donnelly Anti-Trust law
as well as against the New York city officials
who hold stock in the ice company in supposed
violation of the provisions of the Charter. I:
was suggested that such a procedure could not
be stayed by court orders and upon conviction
would result in the forfeiture of the
offices of the city officials. Another method
proposed to the Governor is that he appointa
commission to consider charges against the New
York city officials, including the Mayor, the
Corporation Counsel and any members of the
Dock Board who may be holders of the stock
of the ice company in violation of the
provisions of the Charter. Gov. Roosevelt ls de-
cided that Attorney-General Davies should not
proceed against these interests in the Ice Trust
without a careful consideration of all the legal

roblems involved. In discussing the situation

o-night, the Governor said:

“Listened to-night to the argumen® of Mr.
B. F. Einstein and those ot Mr. d. Noble Hayes,
I then hada long consuitation with Attorney~
General Davies, who has kept mein touch with
all of the details of the proceedings he insti-
tuted against the Ice Trust at my suggestion,
He has also informed me of the action
he deems proper in_ pursuing the  pro-
ceedings against the Ice Trust in view of
Justice Herrick’s writs of prohibition, The
Attorney-General and myself have come to the
conclusion that circumstances of the case pre-
sent a question of so far-reaching import-
ance and that legal points of so great
nature are involved, especially tn regard
to persons holding official positions
in New York, that the Attorney-General
should go into both the facta and the law
with exhaustive thoroughness before deciding
what action he should take. I cordially agree
with the Attorney-General in this attitude,
Our course contemplates a judicial proceeding
into which it is needless to sy that no personal
or partisan consideration @ill be allowed to
enter.”

Attorney-General Davies, who was present
while the Governor expressed his views regard-
ing the Ice Trustlitigation, said he had nothing
to add i

Senator Ahearn of New York city, who was
one of Tammany Hall's most energetic mem-
bers of the last Legisiature at the last session,
introduced a bill, authorizing New York
city to. spend — $12,000,000 to improve its
water front, and camo to Albany after the
Legislature adjourned tn order to secure the
approval of the bill by Gov Roosevelt. The
Senator represents the major portion of New
York city’s shipping district He was
highly elated when he secured the pas-
sage of his bill throu@h a Republican Legis-
lature, not anticipating opposition from the
New York city government. He was surprised,
as he asked Gov. Roosevelt to sign the bill, to
be informed that Mayer Van Wyck had vetoed
it. It has been represented to Gov.  Roose-
velt that the veto of this bill by the
Mayor was an unusually friendly interest
shown by the present city government in the
lee Trust, Inasmuch as the increase of its dock-
age facilities would afford an inlet in New York
city to the indenendent ice companies because
of the increased wharfage privileges thus af-
forded

 

THE MAYOR MUST TESTIFY.

 

Coler Will Hold Up City Ice Bills—May Pro-
ceed to Forfelt Dock Leases,

From one of the nine different proceedings
growing out of the attempts to put the Ameri-
can Ice Company and the Mayor out of busi-
ness fairly immediate results may be expected.
Under a decision handed down by Justice Gay-
nor of the Supreme Court in Brooklyn yester-
day, the Mayor, the Dock Commissioners,
as well as John F. Carroll and Charles W. Morse,
President of the American Ice Company, must
appear before the Justice on Raturday morn-
ing at 10 o'clock and answer all questions put
to them relating to the dealings of the Ameri-
can Ice Company and the city of New York,
except such questions as shall, if the witnesses
answer, tend to incriminate them, Aceording
to Justice Gaynor’s ruling the other day, the
Mayor, the Dock Commissioners, and Messrs.
Carroll and Morse, are to be the judges of what
answers will tend to incriminate them, and
must state, if they refuse to answer, that they
do so because of the constitutional exemption.

The latest of the nine proceedings is em-
bodied in an application of W. R. Hearst to
Comptroller Coler, made at 2 o'clock yesterday
morning, requesting the Comptroller to exer-
cise the power alleged to be given to hin: under
Section 1533 of the Charter, to declare forfeited
and void all contracts and leases existing be-
tween the city and the American Ice Company.
Tt was under this same section that Mr. Hearst
applied to the Governor on Sunday to empanel
a special Grand Jury to investigate the charge
he made that the Mayor had been guilty of a
misdemeanor in that he held stock in the ice
company at the time the company contracted
to furnish ice to the city during the present
year, That part of the section of the Char-
ter to which the Comptroller's attention was
particularly called was that which provides
that no elective er appointive officer of the city
shall be or become directly or indirectly inter-
ested in “the purchase or lease of any real ea-
tate or other property belonging to the city or
taken by the corporation, or which @hall be
sold for taxes or assessinents, or by virtue of
legal process at the suit of the sald corpora-
tion, If any person in this section mentioned
shall, during the time for which he was elected
or appointed, knowingly acquire an interest in
any contract or work with the city, or any de-
partment or officer thereof, unless the same
shall be devolved upon him by law, he shall
on conviction thereof, forfeit his offee and be
guilty of a misdemeanor. All auch contracta
in which one gues peraon is or becomes inter-
eated shall, at the option of the Com
forfeited and roid panereney, 08

As soon as the Comptroller got to hia office
yeaterday, morning, he sent for former Judge
John F, Dillon, and consulted with bimas tothe
interpretation of the statute. After the con.
sultation the Comptroller said:

3 thoughs of this section of the Charter.
with which I was familiar, as soon as this ice
crusade began, I had hoped that the courts
or the Governor would be called upon to take
some decisive action in. the matter before it
got to me. Now that I have been asked to
take action, I shall not undertake to dodge
the request. [ shall take no action, however,
until I have had an opinion from Judge pil-
lon and the best lewal talent he can associate
with him. I shall want, however, all the evi-
dence that may have been submitted to the
Governor or to the courts. I do not propose
to be led into bringing action by any amount
of publle clamor. What I do, tr anything, I
want to stand the test of any amount of re-
viewing by the courts, It is a serious ques-
tion and T shall treat it seriously,”

Judge Dillon said: “A mere affidavit on {

ne
formation and belief js not sufficient grounds
to justify the Comptroller in declaring cone.
tracts forfeited. He has to ascertain the facta,
Until those facts are learned there cannot be a
discussion of the question of the Comptroller's
duty. There are two vital questions involyed
Do the peraons named in the affidavit own. the
stock said to be theirs, and does the mere fact
of their pwning stock in a corporation, not as
officers of directors, bring their cases within
the meaning of section 1553 of the Charter under
whieh the application to the Comptroller is
made?"

The Comptroller concluded, after talking
with Judge Dillon, to refuse to pay all bills for
joe rendered by the company to the city until
after the whole controversy is settled. He
made public announcement of his deeision later
in the day and said that if the ice company
wants to get a ruling quickly on all the ques.
ons that have been raised he would be pleased

DAY, JUNE 5,.1900,

 

should

{nal

criminate them.
the scope of the investigation is wide enough

June 21,

celled
mon, cancelled in June, 1900; 200 shares cancelled in

common,
bought June 2, 1899; 600 shares bought, June 29,

ferred, cancelled June
shares
shares cancelled in October, 1809.

June 1,

mon, cancelled in June,
in February, 1900, 67 shares, bought June 19, 1409;

 

to have them institute an
to Pay the bills rendered.
lee Will come from if the ige co!
Gwt furnishing it was not
Che hearing that was to have
pee “ Nussbaum yeste!
© 'rned until to-morrow mi
the inability of Jide Coyne, be present
is bey Kiet of Justice Gaynor s
HOON Made to vacate the or
ination of the Mayor and others under s tion
Lt ol the Charter touching inquiry into official
delinguencies help the rent
hee a ad to help the rente
Us statute was eho city to Keep wateh

Pavers and taxpavere of tl

of the conduct of their officials, and in the hope
of enabling them by publicity to prevent official
betrays of trast, whieh had come to he so per-

ere so low, base, vul-
ke many believe that
sn the permanent

sistent and common, and W
ear pnd heartless as to ma }
we had reached an era whe er
decay of our civilization had set ID. fis pur-
pose and origin of the statate needs to be re-
eatied in order to show the light and favor in
Waich it should be interpreted. It should not
be narrowed in scope; bor should it: be held
void unless upon grounds leaving no other
course, Lt it be saia that it enables the eitizen
to he meddlesome, the answer is that purity
and intoerity in government can be obtained
and preserved only by the W holesome vigilance
ind meddlesomeness of the citizen,

"The section of the eity Charter in question
is, ike of most of the Charter, very verbose and
bungling, but its precise substance here appli-
cable is that upon affidavil of any five citizens
Who are taxpayers, or of any five members of
the Municipal Assembly, or of the Mayor,
orofthe Comptroller, or of a Commissioner 0
Secounts, alleging any delinqueney or viola-
tion of law by any eity oficial in the discharge
or neglect of his duty, adustice of the Supreme
Court may order the examination before him
of any officials of the city, or other persons,
touching such official delinquency or violation
ot law

“The research, learning and closeness of
argument devoted to this case at the bar
would reflect eredit on any bar. In deciding
it | ean do little more than state formal con-
clusions The constitutional groneee on
Which this statute is now claimed to be void
are two

Two objections to the constitutionality of
thelaw wereurged, The first was thatit “con-
fers onJustices of the Supreme Court a non
judicial power or function.” Of this Justice

Gaynor says that the function is judicial, lo

rule otherwise would seem to me to be strain-
ing constitutional interpretation to an extent
not dreamed of by the founders of our system
of government; an accusation which many
think our courts have already laid themselves
justly open to, Nor is the investigation with

out a judicial object, which might make it ob-
noxious to some decisions, One of its main
purposes is to bring ont facts 0 hich may serve
as foundation for a taxpayers’ snit to prevent
the spoliation of the city’s funds or property,
or, if that be too late, to compel restitution -

The second objection was that the law “come
pels witnesses to give avidence which would tend
to convict them of criminal offences, without
providing for a full immunity to them against
prosecution for such offences.” It provides
that the answers of a witness shall not be used
against him in any criminal proceeding, — Pus-
tice Gaynor says that since this, according
to the United ‘States Supreme Court ia not
enough, it does not follow that the whole sec-
tion is void. What follows is that “witnesses
examined under this present statute cannot
he compelled to witness against themselves
in respect to a criminal offence The part
which empowers the Judge to punish witnesses
for refusal to answer does not apply to ques-
tiona which a witness may refuse to answer
under hia said constitutidnal privilege, but
only to questions which he may be lawfully
required to answer. This interpretation of
the statute makes it constitutional.”

Justice Gaynor sags inconclusion: “It ts also
urged that if this statute be valid the efty offi-
cials who have been ordered to be examined
as witnesses in this proceeding should not be

sworn as such at all, but that their claim of

privilege against incriminating themselves
be allowed {n advance, and exempt
them from being sworn, for the reason that
the object of the proceeding as disclosed b
the affidavit on which it haa been inatituted,
is to show such officials to be guilty of crim-
offences, and that therefore they could
be asked nothing that would not tend to in-
It is sufficient to say that

to enable these officials to be examined in par-

tleulars which could not tend to incriminate
them.
to be eworn, and is left to assert his privilege
if it should be infringed upon during his ex-
examination,
be able to testify to some fact in relation to
the
Docks.”

When this is the case the witness has

The Mayor, for instance, might

oMcial action of the Commissioners of

 

THESE HOLD OR HELD ICE STOCK.

 

Investments of the Van Wycks, Crokers, Car-

rolls and Other Prominent Persons.
The voluminous transcript of the contents of

the stock transfer book of the American Ice
Company
night. Itopens apparently with transfers of
oldice stock into stock Of the new company
early in 1800.
allowed last night these appeared to be the re-
corded transactions up to June 1 of persons

was given to the newspapers last

Upon such examination aa time

who haye been prominently mentioned as

holders of the stock :

BARRErT, GRORGE C,, 100 shares common, can-

celled in May, 1800; 200 shares preferred, cancelled

May 31 and Nov. 21, |S.

BEACH, MILES, bought 50 shares preferred, June
25, 1800

BLACK, FRANKS, bought 100 shares preferred,
sub; OO shares, bought Sept 13, 1899;
bought 100 common June 21, 1Siy.

BOARDMAN, A. Ii., bought 500 shares preferred,

   

Jan, 3, 1v00, cancelled Feb. 6, 1900,
CARROLL, EB. it, 150 shares preferred, cancelled
June 1, |804; 150 shares common, cancelled in June,

 
 

18a: 150 shares, bought June 1, 1898; 100 shares,
bought June 30, 1sou.
CARROLL, JOHN F

 

 

    

00 shares preferred, can-
celled in June and July, 1800; bougbt 1.750 shares
June 1, 1809; bought 400 shares June 20, 1400;
bought 100 shares June 21, 144%) 2,500 shares com-
mon, cancelled in June and July, 1800; 1,000 shares
bought June 1, 1809; 750 shares cancelled in April,
luv: 67 shares cancelled in June, 1500; 2,167 shares
bought June 20, 1800; 150 shares cancelled in April,
1900, 400 shares bought June 21, 1509; 100 shares

 

 

bought June 17, 1500; 750 shares bought July
5, 1808
COWING, RUFUS B., 180 shares preferred, can-

ceiied May 5 and May 29, 1489, bought 50 shares
May 29, 1899; bought 100 shares Sept. 26, 1800;
bought 20 shares Dee Fi 1800; 180 shares
common, cancelled tn May, 1899; 80 shares cancelled
in February, 1800; 50 shares cancelledin April, 1900;
100 shares caneelied in March, 1900,

CRAM, J. SERGEANT, 100 shares preferred, certifi-

cate cancelled Ock 27, 1508.

CROKER, RICHARD, bought 500 shares preferred
June i, 18090; bought 500 shares Sept. 14, 18699;
500 shares continon, bought June}, 1809.

 

FITZGPRALD, JAMES, bought 50 shares preferred
July 7, 1804; bought 50 shares Sept, 23, 1899; 50
shares common, cancelled it: Septeinber, 1690; 149
shares cancelled In Fepruary, 1000; 50 shares bought

Sept: 23, 1800.
URSMAN, F. L., 100 shares. preferred, cancelled
June land Dee. 12 1499; 50 shares common, can-

celled In May, 189%; 150 shares cancelled tn Decem-

ber, 1490
GILDERSLEEBVE, H. A, 400 Sbares preferred, can-
June 9 and Dee. 30, 1400; 200 shares com-

December, 1500,

GILROY, THOMAS F., bought 200 shares

re.
ferred, July 7, 1899; bought 50 shares, July 13, 1800:
50 shares common, bought July 14, 1809.

GOODWIN, MAXINE ELLIOTT, bought 50 shares
N. C., bought 100 shares preferred,

GRANT, HUGH J., 1,000 shares preferred, can-

preferred, Oct. 26, 1599.

GOODWIN,

Oct 26, 1899.

celled June 2, 1899; bought 1,000 shares, June 2,

180%: bought 400 shares, June 20, 1407; 1,000 shares,
cancelled in June, 1609; 1,000 shares,

lau,

GUGGENHEIMER, RANDOLPH, 200 shares, pre-
5 and Oct 21, 1499; 100
common, cancelled in January, 1899; 100

INGHAHAM, GRO. L,. 50 shares preferred, can-

celled June 1, 1899; 50 shares common, cancelled in
July, 1800.

°

KEARNY, H. S., 200 shares preferred, cancelled
1890; boucht400 shares June 1, 1499;
bought 50 shares Jily 10, 1890; 400 shares com-
1499; 400 shares cancelled

It isn't generally known,
but we are always wil-
ling to rent a Steinway

iano for special service,
fou can have as fine a
Steinway as you desire
for a day, a month ora
year. If you expect to be
away from home for a
period, send for a Stein-
way to be at your tem-
porary address, You need
never use a low grade
piano when you prefera
Steinway. Call or write.

Steinway & Sons,

107-111 E. 14th St,
Near Union Square.

 

coat oltre
y shoul

gone on before
rday m ning Was ad-
sorning on account of
Here
decision on the
der for the exam-

 

Stylish Clothing need not be costly,
OUTING SUITS $8 to $28

SUITS $12 to $32
TROUSERS $4 to $9

VESTS $1.50 to $7.50

SPECIAL—A few Bicycle Suits from last season, $5—were $10, $12 and $15

 

      

SA shares bought Jan. 81900; 150 shares.

can-
celled in March, 1900; 100 shares bought Feb. 21,

1900.

MCLAUGHLIN, HuUGH, bought 100 shares pre-
mere July 13, 1899, 200 shares common bought
July 5, 18uo.

MCMAHON, MARTIN, bought 50 shares eferred
Sept. 12, 1899; 100 shares common bought Sept. 12.
1800, 50 shares Bought Sept. 11, 1600, 100 shares

bought Sept. 20, 1899.
MURPHY, CHARLES F., 100 sheres preferred, can-
celled Feb) 5, 1900; 100 bought Mareh 5, =
“Charles Murphy"; 300 common, cancelled Mare
tie 1900; 100 common, bougbt Mareh 5; 200 bought

arch 6,

NE WBERGER, JOSEPH E.. bought 50 shares pre-
ferred, Aug. 15, 1899; 200 shares common, can-
celled In October, 1899; 150 shares cancelled in
August, 1499; 60 shares, bought Aug. 15, 1699.

PATTERSON, EDWARD. bought 24 shares pre-
ferred Sept. 22, 1499.

Parr, F. H., 100 shares common, cancelled tn
March, 1900; 100 shares cancelled In April, 1900; 200
shares, cancelled in May, 1900; 100 shares bought
Feb. 17, 1900, 500 sharees, ommon, cancelled Feb. 17.
1900; 800 shares, preferred, cancelled April and

March, 1099.
y Bought 28 shares preferred Aug.

POWERS, M. J
2, 1809: cancelled May 26, 1900.

UNTERMEYER, MAURICE, bought 500 shares

referred Dec, 12, 1899; 150 shares common, bought

Jee, 12, 1899,

VAN WYCK, AUGUSTUS; 1,000 shares preferred
cancelled June 1, 1609; bought 1,000 shares June,
1499; bought 25 shares June 14, 1890; 1,100 shares
common, cancelled in June, 1899; 1,000 shares
bought ‘June 1, 1899; 750 shares bought June 14,
1809.

VAN WYCK, ROBERT A., 2,500 preferred, cancelled
in June and July, 1800; bought 750 shares, June 1,
1899; bought 1,200 sgares June 17, 1899; bought
750 shares July 4, 1899: 2,500 shares common can-
celled in June and uy, 1890: 750 shares bought
June 1, 1899; 1,000 shares bought June 2, 14090;
1.40) ehatye prrcenecia September, 1800; 750 shares

ught July 8, 5
COM ALEN, Jone bo ips, 800 shares preferred

500 common June 6, +
Boon. RUGRNE D., 500 shares preferred, cancelled
June 2, 1890; bought 500 shares June 2, 1899; 500
shares commone ancelled in June, 1499.

Robert A. Van Wyck is the Mayor, J. Ber-
geant Cram and Charles F Murphy are Dock
Commissioners, John Whalen is the Corpora-
tion Counsel, — Randolph Guegenheimer
{s President of the council, Frank 5. Black,
the ex-Governor, and H. 8. Kearny ia Comm|s-
sioner of Public Buildings. The names of the
Judges on the list are familiar, Some of them
seern to have disposed of their holdings soon
after the trust was formed,

Justices Fursman, Ingraham, and McLaugh-
lin, who were alleged to be holders of Ice atock,
denied yesterday that they held any. Judge
Fursman said he sold out about #ix months ago
at a profit of $100. As to the stock on the listin
the name of John Whalen, Mr. Whalen said last
night:

“TI purchased the stock credited to me and
sold it again and I am not and have not ben
for some months a holder of Ice stock. y
holdings have all been disposed of and 1 consid-
ered {ta good speculation at the time.

LOUISIANA DEMOCRATS FOR BRYAN.

They Adopt Resolutions Against Expansion—
Sympathy With the Boers.

Raton Rovor, La., June 4.--The Democratio
State Convention met here to-day, and elected
the following delegates-at-large to the Kansas
City Convention: Senators Murphy J, Foster
and Samuel D. McEnery, ex-Senator Newton
C. Blanchard and ex-Mayor John Fitzpatrick.

The resolutions reaffirm the Chicage platform
of 1896 and instruct the delegates to vote for
Bryan for President. They denounce the ‘‘im-
perialistic policy”’ of the Republican party and
reaffirm as Democratic doctrine, ‘‘that all gov-
ernments derive their just powers to govern
from the consent of the governed.”

The annexation of the Fbiippines {is con-

demned as a breach of potions! onor and the
United States are cates nto bead over Cuba
to its people as speedily as posa.bie

Trusts € are denounced and Federal and State
legislation against them is urged

The resolutions declare for levee building by
the United States, for the imreediate construc-
tion of the Nicaraguan canal and against mil-

itarism,
The Boer resolution which caused the greatest

debate was as follows:

“Weextend our deepest sympathy for the
patriotic band of Boers who are strugelin
against overwhelming odds for the right o
c-eerpremens and for their liberty, lives and

omen.”

VETO FOR UNDERTAKER M'CARTHY.

 

 

 

 

This Jay Town Wont Let Him Hand Ont
Brvae Circalars in the Streets.

Undertaker McCarthy of Syracuse drove up
to Police Headquarters yesterday with a wagon
full of circulars headed ‘'Col. W. J. Bryan for
President--Chairman Nolan, Eulogistic Ad-
dress,” and winding up with the statement that
‘for the nation’s chief, to lead and love, we

offer our ideal and_ our  {dol, William
Jennings Bryan,” The dertaker de-
manded permission to circulate them in

the street, President York fled out of the
back door when he heard that McCarthy was
in the building. The other officials sought
shelter where they might, and left the doorman
to argue with the Syracuse man, while the re-

rters outside fed the circulars to his horse,
the beas’ ate them right up. Before it had
finished one package bief Devery blundered
into the block and fell into the hands of the
enemy. Hetoldhjm that he could not give
out the circulars as it waa against the law.

Mr. MoCarthy left in disgust. ‘They make
an exception to Sunday work when it is neces-
sary,’ hesaid, ‘I should think these circulars
were necessary to Bryan, but they wont make
an exception for him in this jay town.”

 

ARKANSAS REPUBLICANS ANGRY,

 

Protests Against the Appointment of C. R.
Breckinridge to Office.

lirtte Rock, Ark., June 4.—The appoint-
ment by President McKinley of ex-Ambassador
Clifton R. Breckinridge to succeed A. 8S. Moe-
Kennon on the Dawes Commission has aroused

much indignation among Arkansas Repub-
licans, Protests against the appointment and
requests that it be recalled were telegraphed
to the President from several parts of Arkan-
sas to-day. Gen. Powell Clayton and other
pare , leaders are particularly anxious that the
-residant recall the appointment. The Clay-
ton-Breckinridge troubles of 1889, which re.
sulted in the assassination of John M. Clayton,
are at the bottom of the present controversy.

REPUBLICANS WIN IN ILLINOIS,

 

 

Elected Their Candidate for Judge in a Dem-
eocratioc District.

Peoria, Ill, June4.—Returns from the
thirteen counties in the Fifth Judicial
district show) that Judge John P. Hand,

Republican, “4 mene? county, has
een ec y 12, majorit

Judge Alfred M, Craig, tedependont Democrnt,
of Galeaburg. This district has always been
overwhelmingly Democratic.

 

Another Outing for Bryan,

Kansas CITY, Mo., June 4.—While the Repub-
lican National Convention is in session at Phila-
delphia, William J. Bryan, Charles A. Towne,
Populist nominee for Vice-President; James K.
Jones, chairman of the Democratic National
Committee, and J. J. Hogan, a De: i:
ticlan of LaCrosse. Wis., will calor an outing
at Col. M. C. Wetmore’s summer cottage at
Minocqua, Wis. This much was announced to-
ADP ine ingly an outline nad hase to
erin ply outin,
political significance. @ and have no

 

FARMER BLOWN 10 PIECES,

He Stambled Over a Railroad Tie With a Stick
of Dynamite in His Pocket.

KANKAREE, Ill., June ¢6.—Steven St. Aubin, a
St. George farmer, was instantly killed this
morning by a dynamite explos
sbous.to blast boulders on Ne farm, pK,
stumbled over a railroad tie. There waa a stick
of dynamite in his pocket. He was biown to

Sale of
Oriental Rugs.

Guendi& Karabaghs,
$3.50,

formerly $12.00,

100 Antique Mosul
and Kurdistan,

$10.00.

155 Extra Fine
Afghanistan Carpets,

average size
10% ft.x 7% ft.,

$53.00,

formerly $70 to $80,

Lord & Taylor,

Broadway & 20th St,

   

HOSPITAL AND ROOF GARDEN DARK,

Crossed Wires Pat Oot Lights in Bellevue ang
Parts of the Tenderloin,

The surgeons and clerks at Bellevue Hospital
had to work by gas light from 10 until 11 0'clock
last night and the keeper at the Morgue had
to do the best he could with a candle
because of an accident at the United Electrio
Light Company's works at the foot of East
Twenty-ninth street. All the lights in the
company's district, east of Third avenue, were
shut off for an hour. West of that line there
was a briefer interruption of the lighting ser-
vice,

The electric lights at the Fifth Avenue Hotel
were out last night at 10 o'clock for ten mine
utesand performers and audience on Koster
& Bial's roof garden were left in darkness for
fifteen minutes,

The cause offthe interruption in the lighting
service was the crossing of two wires at the
switchboard in the company’s works, causing @
short circuit. Charles"Merkle of 143 Brook
avenue, the electrician at the switchboard, re-
ceived a severe shock, and his right hand and
arin were badly burned. He was taken to
Bellevue.

About the time this accident occurred a man-
hole cover in front of Daly's Theatre w:
blown three feet in the air, anda tongue 0

 

blue flame spurted outof the hole. Police.
man Flynn of the West Thirtieth street
station put the cover in place again,

and had barely got away from it when it was
blown off again. The policeman then left the
thing alone untilasubway inspector came along
and made an investigation. He found that the
danger was over.

 

STEEL PLANT TO RESUME SOON.
President Gates of the Federal Company Says
the Shat-Down Means Little.

President E. H. Gary of the Federal Steel
Company made this statement yesterday re
garding the closing of the Illinois Stee) Com
pany’s South Chicago plant:

“The Illinois Steel Company has closed ‘ta
plate and slabbing mills, partly because it was
found necessary to make repairs, and partly
because orders were rather slow just now. Our
other mills have work on handforfseveral montha
to come. We expect to reopen our Joliet mill
by the middle of this month.”

Mr. Gary emphatically denied a report from
Chicago that the American Steel and Wire Com-
pany has secured or sought an abrogation of ita
contract with the Federal Steel Company, Ac-
com nied by representatives of the Federal
Steel Company he left last night on his annual
tour of inspection of the company's proper

ties,

In the stock market yesterday Federal Steel
common declined 2% points to 83%, which
was the closing price.

 

JOLIET STEEL

Hundred Men Put at Work—Other
Plants to Start Up,

Jouint, Dl., June 4.—The Merchant Mill of the
Tiiinois Steel Company started up this morning,
putting about five hundred of the unemployed
men back at work. The repairs on the con

verter and rod milis are complete, and {t la said
that the entire plant {a to be put into operation
this week. The “hot milla” at the American
Tin Plate plant started this morning, wivin#
employment to about three hundred and fi'ty
men, Nearly two hundred additional men were
pet at work at the Joliet plant of the Amer! -
teel and Wire Company to-day, and the lov
milis are running at nearly their full capacity

MUSCULAR PASTOR.
Muscles Built up on Postam Food Coffee.
“For years I have not been able to drink cofe

fee, as \t made me very nervous and gave mee
headache. No one loved coffee more than I
and it was a sevare trial to abandon its use.
Nearly three years ago I saw Postuin Cereal
Coffee advertised and concluded to try it
“Thave been so well pleased with ft and ite
healthful effects that I have used it ever sino’
I carry packages with me when I visit other
pi

MILLS RESUME. '

Several

aces.

“When I began to drink Postum, my musues
were flabby, as my habitesaresedentary, bul! i
the past two years my muacles have been ar
and I never felt stronger in my life than | do
now at sixty years of awe, and [ attribute my
strength of muscle to constant use of Poetunk
1 drink it three times a day. IT fee! so enthus
siastic about Postum that [ cannot recommend
{i too highly wherever Igo. Wishing vouwreat
success, yours truly."

  
 

Rev AP. Moore, 474 Khode Island St. Buf-
falo, N.Y

The reason Postum builds up the hunt
body to_a prime condition of health tt it
when coffee ig left off, the drug effects 0! Ihe

poison eeererat and the elements in Postuia
unite with albumen of the food to make eray
matter and refill the delicate nerve centers au |
over the body andin the brain. This sem up ®
perfect condition of nerve health, and the re
sult ia that the entire body feels the effect of

—Ads.