——————_

TVORC FOR J. B. POTT

CORA URQUHART POT-
NO DEFENCE.

 

wire,

TER, OFFERED
eo Made-—Letters Read

peveriion a pert in Which She Spoke
rh. Ambitioa to Elevate the Stage and
. Dislike of Her Husband's Family.

_ June 4.-In the Supreme

ee Bod Brown Potter obtained a
Court Mrom his wife, Cora Urquhart Potter,
reas The case was heard by Justice
ee Rogers. Col. Samuel R Honey appeared
are petitioner and Col. Willam P. Sheffield,
» for Mrs, Potter Early in the day it was
~ that the Court had been asked to accept
a depositions on which the case was heard,
po that there might be no public hearing, The

yest was not acceded to, although the papers
a read in an undertone :

The allegations on which Mr. Potter's petition
for a divorce was based were desertion for more
then fire years and the fact that the parties to
the sult had been living apart for more than
ten years. The deposition of James Brown
Potter was first read. It stated that he was
married in 1877 in Loulsiana, had lived in New
York and Tuxedo and was now @ resident of
Rhode Island and his daughter was born in
i. He came to Newport {n November,
19a, and {s assessed for personal estate here
and has no other home. In the spring of 1886,
be said, hia wife and daughter went abroad with
bis consent, but he did not consent to his wife's

on the professional stage, and he corre-

with her to that effect.

ee read @ letter dated “New Year's,

1m7,” and addressed to “My Dear Jim,” from

Mrs. Potter to her husband. In it she said

tbat all she cared about was her art, her hus-

band, her child, her mother and her brother.

Gbe was ashamed of nothing she did if they

of it, She was ambitious and full

ef hope and was “going to elevate the stage.”

*Thinkfwhat you will of me, some day you will

be proud of me,” she wrote. The letter con-

tained « postecript saying: “How I hate your
\e

gis

 

Another letter from Mrs. Potter to her hus-
band, dated Jan. 9, 1887, said that “the time
has come when I will do what I want. I have
pever heen received by your family as I should—
tnsulted by your mother before our marriage,
which I never can forget. The Potters are
pothing to me, nor do I care for their name.
Llove my art, heart and soul, and if there must
be any rows I want them now, ao I can have
gl!) my time for my work. I can’t settle down
toa narrow lifelike yours.”

A copy was then introduced of a letter writ-
fen by Mr. Potter to his wife in which he cau-
tioned her to be careful that she did not make
a breach between them. He stated that the
breach dated from Feb. 23, 1883, when he cabled
to ber that her contract at the Haymarket
was not made with his consent and demanded
that she cancel it. She answered declining
to cancel the contract and saying that it was
peeless for him to come on. She said she
was an artist now and would manage her own
career $=She concluded by saying: “We are
pet now in the dark ages when wives were
Bares”

Other letters were introduced showing her
determination to go on the stage and indicating
an intention to have nothing more to do with
dim

It appeared in Mr. Potter's deposition that
Mrs Potter visited him at Tuxedo in 1889, but
that she oeenpied separate apartments and
showed no affection whatever and that he had
not corresponded with her since 1889. Mr,
Potter further stated that he had always con-
ducted himaelf aa a faithful husband.

The deposition of Mary J. Dawlin, a servant
{n Mr. Potter's employ for seventeen years,
Was naxtread. It toldoftheseparation andof
ber advising Mrs. Potter not to break up her

home. Witness said that Mra. Potter always
epoke with dislike of her hushand’s family
and attributed his refusal to allow her to go
on the stage to them

The depositions of Henry Cass De Rham
and Alfred Seaton, Jr, both of Tuxedo, said
that Mr. Potter had been living alone at Tuxedo
Ener | 898

Counsel said there were scores and scores
of letters which he would offer if desired, but
the Court said that {t was “unnecessary to go
over alot of rubbish.” Thereupon the peti-
toner rested his case. Col. Sheffield, who
appeared for Mrs. Potter, said that he had
fothing whatever to say. His appearance
was probably made that the case might not go
by defanir

The certificate of citizenship granted to Mr,
Potter by the Supreme Court was then read
and Justice Rogers said he was satisfied that
@ case had been made out and granted thedi-
Taree

Emma Guidet Duryee obtained a divorce
from her hushand, Gustavus Abeel Duryee of
New York, on the ground of extreme cruelty

and neglect to provide, She also obtained the
custody of her three minor children.

Mary B Chesebro got a divorce from her
husband, Frank A. Chesebro, on the ground
of adultery refusal to provide and cruelty

Mra. Jennie 1. Preston got a divorce from
ber husband, Charles E. Preston, on the ground
Of adultery and obtained the custody of her two
minor children. Mr. Preston is the Episcopal
Cergyman who mysteriously disappeared from
@ Sound steamer {n October last and was later
found in Troy, N. Y.

 

 

MARRIED ON HIS DEATH BED.

4. L, Jensen, Who Wedded Mrs. Stiles When He
Learned He Couldn't Recover, Dead.

Former Police Commissioner James L. Jensen
Of Brooklyn died on Sunday night of pneumonia
tthe country seat of his wife, to whom he had
been married only three days before, at Hermp-
Stead, 1. About a week ago Mr. Jensen con-
(acted pneumonia, and as soon as he realized
that be could not recover expressed a desire to
bemarried to Mrs. Eliza A. Stiles, with whom
behad long been friendly, The Rev. Eugene
Uwinger, pastor of the German Lutheran
Gureh at Hempstead, performed the cere

 

    

Bony He will offlicate at the funeral services
ob Thursday afternoon Mr. Jensen was in his
a rend a vear and had nearly all his life been

ire tofthe Greenpoint district in Brook-
care} eowned alarge chinafactory. For many
ow he was activein Republican politics and
advo as Police Commissioner during the
gy Stion of Mayor Schroeder Of lata
chy Sad affiliated with the Democrats, He
area? sonsandadaugnter. He was aec-

yof the Municipal Electrio Light Company.

 

MISS SANGER ISN'T VINDICTIVE.

 

Woat Prosecate the Saitor Whe Tried te
Shoot Her—sust Say So im Court.

wes Carrie Sanger or Senges was not in the
8% Side police court yesterday when the young
Ban who described himself as Edwin J. Daw-
fon of 214 West 128th street was arraigned on
charge of having attempted to shoot her in
‘partments because she wouldn't marry
_ A lawyer appeared for her and said she

* wish to prosecute
She isn't vindictive,” said the lawyer. All

wWante is to be let alone, and the young man’s
ye bave promised to take him out of the

ell,” said Magistrate Pool, *
bem. bus T want her to come bere tal zh

: Dostpone case until
fierow Morning and {f she ian’t here then,
The prises ener for her.”
i wouldn't talk abo mse
Would two men who were with = i an

STOLE To Ger ay ENGAGEMENT RING.
Private Cetselman's Explanation of His Theft
at the House of a Friend.

wae alter Philip Ceiselrnan came back with
a Regiment from Cuha he be-
tive b Seaged toa young woman, but couldn't
te a *ngagement ring, so he told Magis-
— yesterday, because he couldn’t
— He was before the Magistrate for
o powhe & diamond brooch valued at $300
nepearbare Detger of 525 Third averue,
Plane . pnew he bad been visiting. He ex-
table he when he saw the brooch lying on a
ic . ear MY Decause he couldn't heip think-
sweetnen one of the damonds would look on
_ ve finger. He pawned two of the
‘the the third set in an engagement
‘strate beid him for the theft,

      

BLOOD SELLER IN JAIL NOW.

Detectives From Boston Say Reynolds Forged
* Bounty Certificates.
Notoriety in the case of Stephen A. Reynolds,
who wrote to Supt. O'Rourke of Bellevue Hos-
pital on Thursday offering to sell some of his
blood for $20 to any anmmic person who
wanted it, so that he and his wife might be
tided over a time of need, bids fair to be the
undoing of him. He was arrested yesterday
and held on a charge of forgery from Boston
just as matters looked most favorable for
him. His blood-selling soheme had aroused
the sympathy of the charitable to such an ex-
tent that whatever his condition may have
been before—and there is more than a
suspicion that it was by no means so desperate
as he asserted—he was well supplied with
money yesterday. He maintains stoutly that
he is not the forger wanted.
His misfortunes came about through the
Boston police reading what the New York
papers printed about his offer to sell his blood.
They remembered that a man named Reynolds
was wanted there for obtaining bounty money
by forging names, and when they had commu-
nicated with Bellevue and learned that the
name signed to the letter was Stephen A.

Reynolds and not Joseph A. Reynolds as the
newspapers had it, they were sure they were
on the right track, for the forger's name, or
one of his names, was Joseph A. Reynolds.
Detectives F, A. Rhoades of Boston and D. W.
Hammond of Haverhill came on here on Sun-
day evening and went yesterday to Rey-
nolds’s flat at 203 West Ninety-elghth street,
armed with nothing better than a capias upon
which they had no right to arrest him in his
own house, So they sald that they were re-
porters and wanted him to come to see the
editor about saiting 6 story for the paper.
Two Central Office detectives who were walt-
ing outside then arrested him, to which he

 

readily assented.

They took him directly to the Centre street
police court where he was arr ed yesterday
afternoon. When he found t! he was under

arrest he took a big roll of bills from his pocket
and vtripping off $31 gave it to his wife, who
had followed him to court, returning to his
pocket the rest of the roll, which did not look
seriously depleted.

The charge against Reynolds {s that he
signed false names to bounty certificatee and
forged to them the name of Capt. Coperantion
Chase who is command at Fort bull.
New London, thereby getting from the State
of Massachusetts about $1,500 in in Spanish
war bounties.

Before the war, according to the account
given by the detectives, the State of Massa-
chusetts offered a bounty of §7 for every month

that a volunteer from t State served, the
certificates for the bounties to be s by
the officer with whom the man enlisted.  Rey-

nolds, it is charged, made out a score of such
certificates varying in amount from $50 to
$90 and signed Capt. Chase's name to each.
Some of the names on which he is accused
of collecting money are Frederick W. Marshall,
M. D. Walden, Thomas P. French, and H
Davis. The police found that the man who
had collected the money went under the name
of Reynolds and he was indicted in
April under that name and the name
of Frederick W. Marshall. Since then the
policg have been looking for him. They sent
word to the Detective Bureau of thia city some
weeks ago and detectives located the man
in Thirty-ninth street, but econla not get his
number. His mail was being sent to Fort
Wadsworth and he sent after it by messenger
warning the boy to make sure that he was not
followed. The detectives got track of one
of the messengers, but Reynolds found out
that they were after hirn and fled to New Haven

LLL LL LLL

Since then they had not heard of him till his |

arrest. All that he would say resterday was
that the charge against him was nonsensical
and that it was a case of mistaken identity

“If I had made all that money by swindling,”
he said, “ia tt likely that T would he advertis-
i to sell mv blood?”
“Lars. Rernolds stayed around the court
room till her bushand was arraigned She
looks very young and her husband says that
she is only 18. She is the daughter of a man
named Badenfonp, at whose home, 255 Rutland

Road, Brooklyn, the couple were married
several months ago She says that ehe is an
actress. She went out for a time and came |

back with a bor of candies some ofywhich «he
ave to her hushand who ate ther with relish
de seerped unconcerned. He was held to
await requisition papers from Bostor He
kissed his wife good-by as he was taken to
the Tombs and told her te keep up heart aa

| he would soon he free

SKIPPED IN A CLOUD OF FEATHERS,

Thieves Canght in a Baorning Tenement Were
Lost When the Beds Were Thrown Out.

A friendly cloud of goose and rooster feathers
that settled down over Delancey streets yes-
terday afternoon enabled three thieves
escape from a pair of confused detectives

The thieves had been found ransacking the
rooms of a burning tenement house at 217
Delancey street, from which the tenants had
fled panic stricken. In the opinion of the
police there is no meaner thief than the one who
will rob a family turned out by fire, and the
police who figured in this case did what they
could to relieve their feelings by kicking their
thieves half way down the flight of stairs to
the street, intending to grab them again on
the steps. But as the thieves reached the
steps a score of feather beds, that had heen
thrown out of the Hebrew tenements upstairs
by the firemen, plumped down on the sidewalk
and burst. Feathers rose up and swirled about
in eddies. Fire Department wagons and horses
were covered with them and s0 were hun-
dreds of Hebrews who were in the atreets
enioying the last hour of a forty-eight hour
holiday. The thieves jumped into the crowd
of feathers and escaped. After the cloud had
cleared away the detectives yanked Morris
Rosenstein and Isador Goodman out of the
crowd and locked them up on suspicion that
they were pick pockets

The fire started in the rear of Samuel Silver-
stein's hat store on the ground floor, and, after
burning up his stock in trade, went up through
an air shaft to the roof, scorching all the apart-
ments onthe way. The flames also got through
a partition on the street floor and didsome dam-
age in Julius Adams's shoe store and Jacob
Kosa’s clothing store. B. Baken’'s shoe store
next door was not damaged, which was for-
tunate, because the adult Bakens had all gone
out to celebrate the holiday, leaving a small
boy lock®d in the store for safe keeping. The
damage to the stores and tenements was about
$10,000,

to

 

 

CYMRIC BACK FROM THE WAR.

The Big White Star Ship Carried the Impertal
Yeomanry Out to the Cape.

The bigtwin-screw White Star steamship Cym-
ric, which has been in the war service of Eng-
land, taking troops to and from South Africa,
arrived yesterday from Liverpool and Queens
town on her first trip as a merchantman since
the beginning of the year. She left Liver-
pool for Cape Town on New Year's Day with
1,00 men and 450 horses. The ship was at
Cape Town only forty-eight hours and was
inspected by Lord Roberts and his staff. The

| little Irish General warmly greeted the men

of the Cameronians, some of whom had served
under Jim in India

The Vymrie sailed from the Cape with or-
ders to look out for the disabled transport
Manchester Corporation, which turned up at
Cape Town just after the White Star boat got
out of port. That delayed her many days. On
her second trip to the Cape the Cymric carried
the Imperial Yeomanry. It is said that the
Imperials lived high as regular passengers of
the White Star line. Some of the men in the
ranks were of more social prominence and had
more money than the officers. One of the
sentinels outside the chief officer’s door had
an income of about $70,000 a year. On her last
trip from the Cape the Cymric carried a large
number of sick and wounded, includ some
of the men who had gone out aboard on
her first trip. She arrived at Kouthareten on
May 8, was sent to Liverpool, refitted sailed
for this port on May 25.

 

WEALTHY ENGINEER KILLED.

 

Two Dead and Four Isjured in as Atantic
Coast Line Cellistoa,

Ricrmonp, Va., June 4.—An Atlantic Coast
Line passenger train going at the rate of forty
miles an hour crashed into a freight train stand-
ing on a side track at Garysburg this morning.
Walter H. Cheatham of Richmond, engineer
of the passenger train, and an unknown tramp
were killed Railway Mail Clerk McGeorge was
{injured and may die The engineer of the
freight train and both firemen were injured

The accident was cau by the switch being
left open. The railroad officials say that this
was done maliciously and two detectives have
been sent to investigate the matter.

jeer Cheatham was the protber-ja-law
of yor Richard M. Taylor of Richmond. He
was worth about $40,000.

 

Owen Ziegier Fined 825.

Owen Ziegler, the lightweight pugilist, was
fined $25 in the Court of Special Sessions,
Brooklyn, yesterday on the charge of assault-
ing William Shields, a hotel keeper at Bath
Beach. The assault o sev weeks

wes

sneha EE I

CT

PRINCESS CHIMAY'S BROTHER RE.
SISTS HIS WIFE'S MOTION.

 

Suggestion That She Apply to the Police
Courts, Where in Abandonment Cases Small
Weekly Sums Are Allowed — Personal
Beauty Not to Figure im the Case

Victorine Amelia Herault Ward's motion
for alimony and counsel fee in her action for
@ separation from Eber Brock Ward, on the
ground of abandonment and cruelty, waa argued
Yesterday before Justice Smyth in the Su.
preme Court. Ward is a brother of the Prin-
cess de Chimay who left her husband and
children for the gypsy musician Rigo. The
plaintiff puts the income of her husband at
about $75,000 a year She asks for $2,000 a
month and $5,000 counsel fee

Ward was a divorced man when at Paris
on Sept. 22, 1897, he married the widow Herault
who had a daughter Blanche, now about 18
years old. At Aix-les-Bains, last July, the
plaintiff avers, Ward abandoned her to take
up with one Marie Louise Mignard. She recoy-
ered her husband from Miss Mignard at the
beginning of the year and the pair with the
plaintiff's daughter came over here on May 1.
They dined together last Tuesday night
at the Holland House, and the husband was
served with the papers in the case after dinner.
Regarding alleged attentions of Ward to her
daughter Mrs. Ward avere

“The defendant has endeavored to make
advances to her which she has repulsed. This
she has told me, and he has admitted it to me.

would submit her affidavit but that I do

not desire that she be a witness if it can be
avoided. 1 do not wish her to be compelled
to testify or depose to matters which are neces.
oon offensive and repulsive to a pure young

 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 

Streas was laid in the argument on an alleged
letter which Ward had written to Uncle Thomas
R. Lyon of Chicago running in part:

I Late to leave Victworine, because I am very much
in love with Blanche, and If I leave ber mother | will
never be able to see Leragain. Blanche !s my Ideal
as fares dress and deportment go, and she is of
about the same moral standard asl am. It's a pity
she has never cared for me much, though lately she
has 4 good deal more. | think if I had watted she
Would have married me now, but it ts unfortunately
wo late, unless her mother would be good enough to
die, which is unlikely.

Mrs. Ward further avers about her husband
that most of the time since thelr marriage he
has been in a state of intoxication, and further:

“For several months past the defendant
has been continually armed, having at least
one and sometimes two loaded revolvers upon
his person, and always sleeping with one under
bis pillow, saying that his reason for doing
so waa that he did not know what I might en-
deavor to do to him that might make it neces-
sary for him to be armed.”

Adrian H. Larkin of counsel for Ward, made
the point that under the rulings of sever
Judges of the court no alimony should be granted
in a separation suit, but Mrs. Ward should
be referred to the Magistrates’ courts

“A Police Magistrate would not allow more
ounsel for

than $5, $10 or $15 a week,” said «

  
   
 

plaintiff

“I know nothing of the kind,” said Justice
Smyth I want to know 1 ask for
$2,000 a month alimony and fea

$24,000 ALIMONY, PLEASE,
|
|
|

 

The courts usually take ration,
said counsel, “the circu of the par-
ties, and the Wards have living at the

f 0.000 a vear Resides, Ward's income

 

 
 

 

is Oavear Then, Mrs. Ward has a hand- |
some young daughter |
Never mind about that,” said the Judga. |
“That's hosh here It } no effect on my |
mind whatever Is there anything in your |
papers about this girl being handsome or that |
the defendant is liable for her support? |
The lawyer said that his papers called her

“pretty,” and that the mother had to maine
tain her as befitted ber station
Lawyer Larkin said that soon after the mar-

riage Ward had given his wife 880.0%, which
|

 

she invested in Chi » real estate and from
which she has an ir f 83,0004 year,  Be-

»s, she has $119! n Paria, whieh
and had

opposition, it
cited ta the)

   
    
  
 
  
 

 

hat her hushand
and had stopped
sald |

( neel
¥ f the

hile the
it he

  

plaintiff,
lawyer Larkin
Ward had abandone + |
they had become reconciled ne |
together when she had the papers in ths case
served on Ward. There was no abandonment,
and hia client denied the charges of
non
Counsel got until to-day to submit additional
papers, and the Court reserved decision.

iIntoviea-

BENHAM MURDER TRIAL.

Witnesses for the Prosecution Become Good
Witnesses for the Defence.
Cananpdalova,N.Y.,Junes Th
again placed Dr I l Tezer on the
stand in the Benham murder trial toeday. In |}
the crowd was Holden T. Miller, who was Flore
ence Tout’s guardian at the time she eloped and

e prosecution |

married Howard (Curtis Benham, whois nowon |
trial for her murder. Many others who have
figured in the famous case appeared, and it!
proved a great dav for the defence Arthur |

C. Wade, of counsel for the defence, cross-xe

amined Dr. Tozier about his affidavit. The
physician had stated in the affidavit that there
were symptoms of an organic trouble

Q. Now, doctor, we'll clear this matter up
Fight here; did you discover symptoms of ore
ganic trouble? A. I did not

Q. Did you discover symptoms that led you to
believe there might be orwanic trouble? A. Yes,
sir |

The inability of witness to remember some
things in the affidavit fn question led to a digs |
cussion, and he said he had been sworn five |
or six times and could not remember his exact |
Btatements every tme |

Mr. Wade—-This then must be the sixth or |
seventh time you were sworn. Isn't it so that
the ink hadn't more than got dry on one affidavit
than you had made one for the other side alse?

“Yes,” chuckled the old doctor,

Asked about the medicines he gave to Mrs,
Benham, he said he had not given her enough
of any of the alleged deleterious drugs to in- |

jure. y
Mr. Wade—I want to put a broad question

'

       

   

  
  

to you: Was there ever anything said, a word }
spoken, &@ notion made all the tir ou called
on her that indicated that He wanted to
be present with his wile when you were not

present?
Dr. Tozier—I think not |
On re-direct examination the de
a conversation in the Justice's office
ham was first arraigned at which
claimed that Benham slyly asked tur
ty. found it?’

 

 

When the doctor told him no,

e said: “When you find it letme know,” mean-
ing prussic acid in the stomach

Pronk Klein, Benham’s coachman and ex-
pected to be the people's star witness, was next
Called, He often saw h er and May
Wiard of Batavia out Tiding t ther at night.
Benham showed him @ portrait and told hi

    

 

  
 

to take a diamond ring to Miss Wiard. Ben-
ham also told him he was in love with the young |
woman. On the night of Dec. 31, ise6, three

days before Mrs. Be
“I want you to sta
stairs, and in a few in
shouted to him and the housekeeper to come
up there. Witness heard Mrs. Benham say’
“Too strong, I told you it was too strong,” and
e moment later she cried) “My tongue

paralysed. -
yn the former trial Klein did not mention
the latter exclarnation. Mr. Wade asked
him what made him remember the expression
so long after he heard it. He could not say.
Witness admitted that he slept on the bath-
room floor in a hotel on Saturday night dead
drunk, and that he has been intoxicated for
the last three days

After thoroughly confusing the witness,
Mr. Wade came out flat-footed: You are a
Nar, aren't you?” he asked

Objected to and directed to answer by the
Court.

Witness answered, “Yee

Klein said he testified at the former trial
that Mrs. Benham was frothing at the mouth
when he went upstairs. Pinned down by
Mr. Wade be said that this was not ao. The
witness also testified that on the morning
after Mrs. Benharn’s bad spell of Dac. 31,

i died, he said to Klein
" Benham went up
ites the accused man

    
    

 

Benham exciaimed: “If she had died last
ight I would be worth $30,000 to-day.”
o-night the defence is jubilant. Benham

left the court room with a beaming face and
his four lawyers and aged parents shared his
joy with him. The prosecution is correspond-
ingly depressed

Col, Haley to Command Canadian Militia.

Ottawa, Ont., June4—-The Dominion Gov-
ernment has appointed Col Richard Hebden
O'Grady Haley, C. B, to be the General com-
manding the Canadian Militia, in succession to
Gen. Hutton, now serving in South Africa. C
Haley, who is on the retired list of the Britt
army. is @ years of age He eerved through
the Egyptian war.

 

The House Belongs to Mrs. William V. King.
Justice Andrews of the Supreme Court de-
cided yesterday that the house 310 West Fighty-
eighth street standing in the name of William
V. King, a former President of the Cotton Ex-
e, belongs to his wife Belle F. King, ina

it brought to ha
6u pt ody ve it so decreed. Sype®

rr

THE SUN, TUESDAY,

——_—————— a

| tue for examination as to his sanity

| plant at

| who is to build the Rapid Transit Tunnel, in

| Ing

} months
| 1890, and was expelled from the Consolidated
| Stock Exchange on May | last

| Forest Caterpillar Ravaging Frait and Shade

  

WIN COLUMBIA SCHOLARSHIPS.

The Forty Successful Competitors Annoenced
by the Universtty Council Yesterday.

The University Council of Columbia awarded
the forty graduate scholarships in the univer-
sity at its meeting yesterday. There were
more than a hundred applicants of whom the

following were successful: .

President's Unteersity. Scholars—Ralph Potter
Bliss, Mathematics; Lee Byrne, Classical Philology;
Dana Brackenridge Casteel, Zodiogy; John Smiih
Harrison,Com parative Literature; Holland Thompson,
Political’ Economy and Eugene Morrow Violette;
History.

University Scholare—Karl Kurt Bosse, Psychology:
William Kenneth Boyd, American History; Albert
Britt, Political Economy; Walter Ernest Clark, Polltl-
cal Economy: Samuel Benjamin Crandall, Pubiie
Law: Arthur Robert Crathorne, Mathematics; Frank
Andrews Fall, Comparative Literature; James
Joseph Finnigan, omance Languages; Guy
Stanton Ford, European History, alter Baber
Graham, Constitutional Law; Clayton Meeker
Hamilton, English; Roland MeMillan Harper,
Botany; ‘Arthur Youle Meeker, History: Royal
Meeker, Political Economy; Herbert Raymond
Moody, Chemistry; Carl Madison Moore, Mathematics;
Arthur M. Murfin, Politieal Economy; Lloyd Cariton
Meholson, Electro-Mechanics; John McClellan
Prather, Zovlogy; Robert Insall Raiman, English;
Harold Eugene Robertson, Philosophy, Edgar Walter
Roovers, German; Cariton Raymond Rose, Chem-
istry: Harry Hull St Clair, Jr, Lingulstics: George
Gilmore Seott, Zodlogy: Frank 5 Set Spaulding,
Latin; John Edwin Wells, English; Edward Mars
Williams, Botany; Edwin Campbell Woolley, Constt-
tutional Law, and Lewis A, Youts, Chemistry.

Curtis Schoiars--Mary Josephine Emerson, Educa-
Yon: Elsie Kupfer, Botany; Virginia Newcomb, Ro-
mance Languages, and Leila Clement Spaulding,
Greek.

The Alumni Association prize awarded annu-
ally tothe most ‘faithful and deserving stu-
dent” in the senior class will be given to Henrv
Starr Giddings, son of Prof, Franklin Henry
Giddings of the department of sociology.
The John Tyndall Fellowship for the Encour-
agement of Kesearch in Physics has been

 

‘awarded to Prof. Robert Bowie Owen, E. E., of

McGill Chiversity, Montreal. John A t-

thews has won the nard Fellowship for
Encouraging Scientific The fellow-
ship carries an annual stipend of he

$500,
Henry Drisler Fellowship in Classical Philol-
ogy, which also carries with it, will be
awarded to Bert Hodge Hill.

HOSPITAL CHEMIST INSANE.

 

 

 

Thinks There's a Plot te Polson Him and
Wants the Officials Arrested.

For several days @ middle-aged man has
haunted the Yorkville police court asking fora
warrant for the arrest of the doctor at the Ger-
man Hospital in Second avenue, who he de-
clared had been trying to poison him. He
described himself as Anton Liebig, and said he
had been the hospital chemist until a few days
ago, when he had to leave because of the at-
tempta to poison him, The man’s manner of
telling his story aroused suspicion as to his
sanity and he did not geta warrant. Yester-
day, however, when he appeared as usual
Magistrate Olmsted sent for the superintendent
of the hospital.

When the superintendent arrived Iiebig told
his story again Beforehe left the hospital, he

said, he found that poiaon nad been put in straw-
berries, steak and beer intended for him, He
made an analysis of the food and had discov-
eredarsenic. The superintendent and oneof
the do who aceompanied him ridiculed the
tale” Liebie had been employed at the hospital
fora yearto put up preseriptions, they said

A week aco last Wednesday he went down
townto consult a doctor When hereturned
he told the superintendent that the doctor had

said that he had only two dave to live, and he
wanted to write out his resignation, preferably
in blood. He wrote out his resignation in red
ink and left the hospital, refusing to apend an-
other night there

After henring this statement of the hospital
people, Magistrate Olmsted sent Liebig to Belle-
The hos-
pital people say that while he was at the insti-
tution his work Was highly satisfactory

 

FIRST RAPID TRANSIT STEEL,

Pilkington Geta a Lot From the
Carnegle Companys.
The first consignment of steel to be used
nary work ineidental to the con-
the Rapid Transit Subway has
the Carnegie Company's
I Pittsbure by Sub-Contraector James
Pilkington, whois at work lowering the Bleecker
street sewer and building a new sewer on the
Fast Side to take the place of the Canal street
brick east of Elm street. His order
was 1,100 feet or $2,500 worth of steel to
he used in the construction of a rectangular
sewer, seven feet by four and a half, in Oliver
et This steel was not provided for in
the general contract awarded by the Rapid
Transit Construction Company to the
American Bridge Company, but was ordered by
P his own responsibilitr. |

The trench in Oliver street, beginning at
South street, has already been extended west
25) feet, but the building of the new East Side
sewer will take 200 days. The Bleecker etreet
work, already completed. across Broadway,
will be finished in about three weeks

\ delegation of citizens interested in the
reservation of the trees on the Boulevard
f id a conference with Contractor McDonald,

Contractor

n the prelin
struction of

heen received from

sewer

for

 

i neton or

the offce of Commissioner of Highways Keat-
yesterday morning. Mr. MeDonald told
the delegation that he would do all in his power
to save the trees

ACADEMY OF STOCKBROKING,
Tuition Paid, but the Scheol Closed Suddenly
~ Preceptors Attached.

Deputy Sheriff Roberts received an attach-
ment yesterday against John EF. Ruston and
Warren T. Allen who composed the firm of
J. E. Ruston & Co., stockbrokers, formerly
at 45 Broadway. It is for $5,307 and ts in favor
of George M. Fisher. It was obtained on the
ground that the defendants are keeping con-
cealed, The claim is for money loaned to the
firm It was «tated that on Jan. 18 last Mr.
Fisher loaned them $500 to be repaid on Dec
41, 100), with interest payable monthly on
the eondition that the firrn employ his two
ns as clerks and teach them the stockbroker-
age business. They were discharged on May |
5. on which day the firm suddenly left the office
and the furniture was removed and Mr. Fisher
has not seen them since. On May 1 he had
also loaned them $307, Deputy sheriff Roberts
served the attachment on the City Chamber-
lain to attach $2.50 cash deposited as bail
for Allen, who was indicted in connection with
the Brooklyn Rapid Transit rumors some
ago. The firm waa formed in June

en ee ee ie cA LC EE EEE TCE EE

 

 

 

Trees.

Boutivarn, N. Y., June 4. — The forest cater-
pillar is ravaging the fruit, shade and _—
trees In many sections of Allegany county,
and the pest promises to be worse than last
year. Many of the finest sugar maple groves
were ruined last year and had to be cut down
and marketed for luinber, owing to the ravages
of the worms that stripped every bit of foliage
from the trees. A dozen different remedies
have been tried, but none of them appears to be
successful. Already the worms are appearing
in herds in some localities and unless the
march is checked, serious damage will result to
farmers

  

 

Pioneer San Francisco Saloonkeeper Dead.

SAN Francisco, June 4.—Sam 8 Sample, one
of the early saloonkeepers of San Francisco, is
dead. He came from New York in 1858 and
fitted up a saloon in Washington street, which
became the headquarters for the bonanza mil-
lionaires, Flood, Mackay, Fair and aren,
Sample knew and helped them when he had
more money than they and in return they gave
him tips on Comstock shares which made him
wealthy. He was very generous, however, and
gave away a fortune.

 

New Metropelitan Steamship Launched.

WILMINGTON, Del., June 4.—The steamship
James 8. Whitney, built by the Harlan and Hol-
lingsworth Company for the Metropolitan
Steamship Company of New York, was launched
this afternoon. She was named by Miss Ruth
B. Whitney, daughter of H. M. Whitney, Presi-
dent of the steamship company. The Vessel is
ons feet long, 43 feet wide and 29 feet depth o
hold. She isthe seventh steamship launche:
this year by the company bere.

 

Mishap to the New York's Bumboat Woman.
Newport, R. 1., June 4 —Mrs. Daly, the bum-

boat woman of the flagship New York, had a
barrow escape from drowning this morning.

She was standing on the New York's gangway
when the tackle huldiog 't up broke, dropping
her into the sea. She was ed out, but not

before she let go of a satchel containing $400.
The New York will send divers down to try to
recover 't

 

Crazy Sweeper in a Riverside Drive Crowd.

Patrick Smith, a street sweeper, became ip-
sane on Riverside Drive near Grant's Tomb last
night and ran amuck with his broom through a
crowd of women and children. He tipped over
@ baby carriage, saying that his orders were to
sweep every y over the embankment, A

iceman grabbed him and he was taken to

ttan Hospital in @ patrol wagon.

ac a

HAD NO CHECK ON NEELY.

 

DIRECTOR RATHBONE TESTIFIBS IN
CUBAN POSTAL FRAUDS CASE.

Otter Lack of System in His Departmest
—Rathbone Was Warned of the Danger ef
Thefts, but Did Nothing-The Method of
Stealing—Gomez Welcomed Back to Cuba.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Havana, June 4.—Ex-Director of Posts Rath-
bone was again on the witness stand in the
court of the Cathedral district to-day testifying
in the proceedings against Né&ly. No ques-
tions were asked concerning the allegations of
Rich and Reeves that he received $15,000 from
Neely, but he was questioned closely concern-
ing the entire lack of system which existed {n
the Department of Poste.

It appeared from the questions put to him
that as far back as May 26, 1890, Rathbone or-
dered Special Agents Sullivan and Leatherman
to make an investigation of the Bureau of Fi-
nance. Strangely enough, these inspectors re-
ported on the following day, presumably
having counted all the stamps and mdney
and examined all the records in that
thme Cursory as this examination must
have been, the agents reported that dif-
ferences existed in Neely’s books between
the amounts with which some of the postmas-
ters were charged and with which they were
credited. The amount of the discrepancies was
sinall but it was not given. Although the
agents, apparently, were confident that the
discrepancies did not result from fraud they
recommended that some sort of a cheok be put
on the bureau, in which there was absolutely
nothing to prevent unlimited theft.

On May 381 Chief Special Agent Maynard,
following the suggestion of his subordinates,
wrote a report recommending that all post-
masters be required tomake duplicate accounts
of all stamps bought and sold and all money
order transactions, one for the Bureau of
Finance and the other for the Auditor's Depart-
ment, This report went to Rathbone, who
indorsed {t and ordered that its provisions be
adopted. He then sent it to Neely, who read it
doubtless with great interest and then placed
his initials on it. He passed it to Reeves, who
Hkewise put his initials on it and then tucked it
into a plgeon-hole, where it lay until May 15,
1900, ten days after the investigation com-
menced. It was then found covered with dust.

Rathbone admitted all this. The papers have
not yet been introduced aa evidence, but they
will be. The inspectors saw a great oppor-
tunity for Neely to ateal and warned Rathbone,
who apparently never took the trouble to see
that his recommendations were carried out, not
even determining the amount of the discrepan-
cies existing in May, 1899 and the causes
therefor

With thia absolute liberty it is not surprising
that postal employees stole right and left. The
only system, 80 far as Director of Posta Bristow
ean learn wastosizeup the month's receipta,
take what was wanted, usually about half, and
permitthe Government to have thereat. Aa
Neely kept no books showing the accounts of

 

   
    
 
  

the individual postmasters, it was impossible to ,

detect the thefts. The reporta to the Auditor
only gave the amountaon hand. The method
of stealing was plain larceny

Mr. Bristow, who is now figuring on the de-
ficit, is taking no account of the losses incurred
by the selling instead of burning the surcharged
stamps. Hesays it is impossible to ever deter-
mine how much was made in this way, perhaps
$25,000 or $59,000. His estimate of the approxi-
mate loss, which will be made public ina day or
two, isin the neighborhood of $100,000

The sales of stamped paper in May amounted
to $51,912.95, which is double the amount
averaged under Neely.

Gen Maximo Gomez has returned to Havana
from Santo Domingo. There was a parade in
his honor on his agriva! and he waa escorted to
hishome He made aspeech in which he said
that he had returned in fulfilment of his
promise never to desert Cuba. He will hold a
reception to-morrow

Seventeen hundred and fifty Cuban teachers

have applied for permission to make the trip to |

the United States for educational purposes.
This ix 390 more than can be accommodated.
The arrangements are all complete for the de-
parture of the various parties. The salaries of
the teachers will be paid at all the ports of de-
parture

ROCHESTER FORGED SCHOOL BILL,

Assembly Index Clerk Denniston to Be Held
for the Grand Jury.

ALBANY, June 4—County Judge Clifford D
Gregory, when court convened at 10 o'clock this
morning, announced that after a careful con-
sideration of the evidence regarding the Roch-
ester forged School bill, he had decided to hold
Edward H. Denniston, the Assembly index
clerk, for the action of the Grand Jury, and
said a warrant for his arrest would {asue
Neither Mr. Denniston nor his attorney was in
court when Judge Gregory announced his de-
cision. Although Mr. Denniston was in town
to-day the District Atrorney consented that the
warrant for bis arrest should not be served un-
til to-morrow morning, when he will be admit-
ted to ball, probably in the sum of $5,000

 

 

Arrivals at Newport.

Newport, R I, June4.—Mra. Herman Oel-
richs and her little son arrived from New York

 

 

|
|
|
{

|

 

to-night for the season. They will be the guests |

of Mrs. Willlam K. Vanderbilt, Jr
ean arrived here to-day from New York on his
steam yacht Kanawha William
a party of guests arrived here to-day on the
schooner recs Emerald) Mr. and Mrs, Charles
IL. F Robinson arrived at their Newport villa
to-day.

 

Winners of the Sandham Prizes in Oratory.

The first Sandham contest {n oratory took

place yesterday in the auditorium of New York
University at University Heights

were selected for the final test. Dean Henry

J P.Dun- |

FE. Iselin and |

Six men |

M. Baird presided, and after the contest prizes |

of $75 and $25 respectively were awarded to
Walter L. Boyerand Aaron Eisewan, both of this
city

A New Munson Line to Cuba,

Mopive, Ala, June 4.-The Munson Line of
steamships of New York has secured from the
Mobile and Ohio Railroad control of the Mobile

Cuban steamship line running steam vessels be-
tween Mobile and Cuban porta. The transfer
will be made on July 2. The contract was
signed to-day.

\

“&S AFE” C URE

POR LAMBS SACES.
CURE

FOR WEAK KIDNBYS.
“QAFE” CURE

FOR KIDNEY DISEASES, _

 

 

 

ARNER’S

WARNER’S

 

 

“6S AFE”

 

 

 

“GAFE” CURE
‘ ____ POR ALBUMINURIA.
’ CURE

GGaFEY CUR
___FOR BRIGHT’S DISEASE.
‘“ AFE" CURE

FOR TORPID LIVERS.

 

 

 

“are CURE
poh BILIOUSNESS.
“S AFE” CURE

FOR BILIOUS HEADACHES.
UG AFE” CURE
. FOR BILLOUS PLATULENCY.

WG AFE" CURE

 

. FOR LIVER ENERVATION.
ugare CURE
BAS CURED THOUSANDS.
MG AFE” CURE
Witt. CURE YOU.
“SA FE” CURE
: (SOLD EVERYWHERE
CURE

WS AFE"”
AOCEPT NO SUBSTITUTE

      
 

 
 
     
      
     
   
    
 
   
   

a

for.summer cooking. If
ur dealer docs not have
it, write to

  
  

STANDARD
OIL CO.

al
ih
eh

|
‘i |

ASPHALTING BIDS CALLED FOR,

Breadway From Foserteenth Street te Ferty-
second Heads the List of Streets.

Commissioner Keating advertised yesterday
for bids to be opened on June 15 for paving
the following streets with asphalt:

Broadway, from Fourteenth street to Forty-second,
including a space around Union Square; East 125:
street. from Third avenue to Eighth; 108th street,
from Broadway to Riverside Drive; Fifty-fifth street,
from Sixth avenue to Seventh and from Eighth to
Ninth; Twelfth street from Third avenue to Fifth;
Twenty-seventh, from Madison to Fifth: Eighth from
Broadway to Macdougal street, Twenty Eighth, from
Eighth avenue to Ninth: Seventleth, from Columbus
avenue to Hudson River; Twenty-fifth and Thirty:
third, from Fourth avenue to Madison; Thirteenth,
from Third avenue Ww Second: Seventy-ninth,
from the Boulevard to Amsterdam avenue

Brooklyn streets to be repavedin part are:

McDonough, Dean, President, Macon, Pacific
Suydam, Harrison and Pearl streets; St. Mark's, WIll-
oughby and Greene avenues.

 

LITIGATING BAPTIST CHURCHES.

Accounting for $50,000 in N, P. Bonds From
John D. Rockefeller Is in Question.

and broiling can be done perfectly on the oil
stove that makes no soot—the cleanest stove in
the-world-for any kind of cooking—that’s the

nine Oil Stove

absolutely safe, and the coolest and most economical stove

~
!
am

CENT

aa Ea

 

The t dal of the suit of the Tabernacle Baptist |

Chure® by the Fifth Avenue Baptist
Churenh for an accounting for $50,000
in securities which John D. Rockefeller had
turned over to the defendant on certain
conditions was begun yesterday before Justice
Russel! of the Supreme Court. The securities
were bonds of the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company, which passed dividends tor a time,
but which have become dividend-paying again
It is alleged that the defendant was to hold the
bonds tn trust and pay the dividends to the
plaintiff. The Rev Dr 1). C, Potter is behind
the suit. The defendant contends that the
teansfer was revocable and void. The case
was not concluded

CONNECTICUT WILD MAN CAUGHT,

He Has Been Frightening Women and He
Proves to Be a Crazy Malian,

GREENWICH, Conn, June4.-The wild man
who has been exciting the western part of
Connecticut and Westchester county was
captured last night by Constable John J. Ned-
ley of Greenwich. He proved to be an Italian
named Antonio Ballio, who is evidently insane.
When found he was gnawing at rootsinthe
ground In nie pox kets were stones and grass
His hair was long and unkemp, his face
covered with a black beard and bis feet bare.
Judge Burnes to-day sentenced him to jail for
ninety days. Three young women, Jane Fair-
melt, Rachel Matison and Margaret Nedling
identified him as a man who during the past
few months bas frightened them several times

THOMAS STILL UNDER INDICTMENT.

March Indictment Agalast Corey of the Hay-
market Dismissed.

Police Captain Thomas is still under indict-

ment. Hesaid on Sunday that the Indictments

against him had heen dismissed by Justice

Fursman. | Justice Fursman said yesterday

that he had not disposed of the matter yet
Judge Cowing dismissed yesterday the indict-

ment found by the March Grand Jury against

 

| Edward B Serer. proprietor of the Haymarket,
18

on the ground that the indictment was founded
upon insufficient evidence, Corey was charged
with maintaining 4 disorderly resort and the
evidence against him was supplied by the Kev.
Charles J, Adains.

 

Two Boys Drowned.

PoOrankKEFPSIF,
Johnson, aged respectively 8 and 10 years, were
drowned yesterday in Storm Lake at Storm-
ville, With several other boys they were play-
ing in a boat, which was carried out on the lake
by the action of the waves, The boys became
frightened and, supposing the water shallow
jumped overboard. The water was deep and
only the oldest brother could swim He tried
to save his brothers, but failed. He succeeded
in reaching shore alive. The bodies of the
drowned children were recovered) The boys
were sons of Lewis Johnson, a farmer residing
in the neighborhood.

 

 

Lehigh Valley Rallroad's Summer Book,

June 4.—Fred and Charles |

 

 

| saved

 

  

 
 

a i

} cit ar |

——

bd . HH
|
a ia ‘

| i

Hi
|

WOMAN'S CHARGE FAILS IN COURP.

Capt. Bersiem of the Democratic Clab, Whem
She Accased of Swindling, Released.
Capt. Godolphin F. Burslem, who was arreste@
at the Morton Houseon Saturday on the charge
of having swindled Mrs. Carrie Kramer, of 3388
West Fourteenth street, out of $1,000 by selling
to her stock in the Whitney Safety Firearms

Company, was discharged in the Centre ai
police court yesterday, but not until some fure
ther details of the transaction had been brough®
out. Burslem testified that be met Mrs. K

through a matrimonial advertisement and un=
dertook to provide her witha suitable ican

 

Allhe did was to introduce her to William
Whitney of the firearms concern. Burslem, W

is a member of the Democratic Club, was fore
merly in the British army and says he was on
assistant secretary on the 6 of Bir

Frere {n South Africa,

BROADWAY BIUECOAT RUN OVER,

 

Bat He Saved Little School Girls He Was Tam
ing Across the Street,

Policeman Michael W. Butlet was painfully
injured yesterday morning by being trun down
by a horse and wagon at Fifty-fourth street
and Broadway, where he is stationed to take
eare of the hundreds of school children whe

cross Broadway atthat point on their way to
the publie school between Sixth and Seventh
avenues. Butler was piloting several litde
girls acrosa Broadway when the horse dashed
up behind him He was pushing two of the
little girls who were the last of the group out of
the way when he wasrun down and the horse
fellupon him He had to be sent home in @
earmiage James Thomson, a plasterer of 980
Fighth avenue, who drove the Wagon, was are
rested and held for reckless driving,

ON JUNE 18,

B. R. T. TRIALS
Ex-Gov. Black Decides Not to Ask Leave te
See the Grand Jury's Minutes,

Justice Fursman has fixed Monday, June 18,
for beginning the trial of Alfred R. Goslin,
Eugene L. Packer, Henry Bogart, Henry Jd,
Alexander and Charles T, Davis, indicted for
conspiracy in circulating false rumors tending to
depreciate the value of Brooklyn Rapid Transit
shares They will all be tried together. Ex-
Gov. Black, who appeared for Goslin, said that
he would make a motion for leave to inspect
the minutes of the Grand our

“You ean consider that motion denied,”’ sald
Justice Fursiman.
sit” I will not make it.’ answered Gov.

ac

 

STEAMSHIP OEVENUM ASHORE.

Was Making Her First Trip Under Young
Capt, Costa Silva.

Hagemeyer & Brunn, agents in this city for
the Portuguese steamer Oevenum, have ree
ceived adespatch from Oporto to the effect
that the Qevenum has run ashore at Leixoes,
near Oporto, It is believed that the cargo,
which consists of general merchandise, ean
The Oevenum, Capt. Costa Silva, left
this port on May 17. She carried 150 ngers,
who disembarked at the Azores, Capt. S ray
who |< only 24 years of age, was formerly fi

| officer and was making his first trip as cap
| tain

The Summer Resort Guide and book of gen- |

eral information regarding points of Interest
along the route of the Lehigh Valley Railroad
has just been issued by the company. It is
profusely illustrated and bas a handsome cover
Besides along list of mountain, Jake and sea-

side resorts, it contains much historical and |
useful information for the guidance of the tour- |

ist and visitor. Copies mnay be had for the ask-
ing at any office of the Lehivh Valley Railroad.

 

Brooklyn Leagee Election.

At the annual meeting of the
League, heldin the Real Estate Exchange on
Montague street last night these officers were
elected) J. Hampdon Dougherty, Chairman,
Co|. Willis L. Ogden and Edward B. Lent, Vice-
Presidents, Samuel Rowland, Treasurer.

The Weather.

The high pressure area which passed over the lake
regions was central yesterday over the New England
Stav.s, keeping the weather cool on the Atlantic
Coast south of Virginia. There was a second high
pressure area over the Rocky Mountain States,
where also ft was cool; the lowest temperature was
42 degrees at Lander, Wyo. A moderate depres
sion appeared on the West Gulf Coast and another in
the extreme northwest, each surrounded by generally
fair weather. It was warmerin the central States
Falr weather was general, save for local showers and
thunder storms, in Tennessee, Georgia, Alabama and
Minvesota

In this etty the day was parUy cloudy; wind] north-
easteriy and fresh; average bumidity 67 per cent;
barometer, corrected to read to sea levelat 8 AM,
30.14; 3. P.M. 30.15

Br on |
coklyn | of whiskey which she drank on Sunday from @

New York's Crank Pin Found to Have Broken,

The American liner New York, which arrived
last week from Southampton and Cherbourg,
under her starboard engines, having lost her
port propeller when three days out, will not be
able to resume her trips for several weeks.
Her engineers found tbat a crank pin ofher
starboard engines was fractured That is the
reason the line gave up the notion of sending
herto Southampton under her starboard en-
wines only, a& Was announced on the day she
go here She will go to Newport News on
June 13, taking with her the duplicate port
vropeller and other machinery due here from
southampton on Saturday.

 

Sammer Inspection of Department of Balld-
ings Force,

The annual summer inspection of the unle
formed force of the Department of Bulld-
{ngs of the boroughs of Manhattan and
The Bronx was held yesterday at the departe
ment offices at 220 Fourth avenue, when the ine
spectors of the several divisions were reviewed
by Cornmissioners Brady, Guilfoyle and Campe
bell The menappeared in new uniforms of
dark blue serge, with burnished brass buttons
and broad brimined straw hats, with blue ribe
bons bearing the in-ignia embroidered in gol

Drink of Whiskey Kills a Child,

Kate Foley, the three-year-old daughter of
John Foley of 44 Driggs avenue, Williamsburg,
died early yesterday morning of the effects

small tumbler left on a kitchen table, The
child's parenta were sleeping when she got out
of bed and swallowed the liquor. Shortly aftere
ward she went into convulsions A doctor whe
was suramoned vainly tried to save her life,

Coanterfeiters’ Dies Found.
Detective Michael Summers of the Mulberry

| gtreet station turned over to the custody of

The temperature as recorded by the offictal ther- |

mometer, and also by TH# SUN'S thermometer at the
street level, is shown In the annexed table

HOM Suns —OMcdal— Sun's.
1900, 1899, 1900 1900, 1800. 1900

9A. M.62* 75° 65° 6PM. 42° 76° 68°
12M 65° 70° 46° OP.M. 60° 70° 63°
3PM 68° 78° GAI2 Mid. 60° 68° 61°
WASHINGTON FORECAST FOR TODAY AND

rO-MORROW.

For New England, falr and warmer to-day and
Wednesday, fresh northeast winds becoming variable
to-day and shifting to south Wednesday

For eastern New York, fair today with warmer in
south portion; fresh northeast winds becoming tariadle;
Wednesday, fair and warmer

For the District of Columbia, eastern Pennsylvania,
New Jersey, Delaware and Maryland, partly cloudy
today with moderate temperature; Showers and
warmer Wednesday: fresb northeast winds today

For western Pennsylvania, Ohio and Indiana, fair
to-day with warmer in north portion; Wednesday fair
in north, showers tn south portion, fresh east to
northeast winds.

For western New York, fair to day; fair and warmer
Wednesday; {reab northeast wiads becoming variabie
end ebifting to soul a

Commissioner Shields yesterday a cigar bos

containing six steel stamps for the manufactur
of counterfeit 25 and S0-cent pieces. It had
been found in the cellar of 144 Baxter street by
workmen who were laying a concrete floor,

Mr. Rockefeller Still Improving.

W. G. Rockefeller, son of Willlam Rocke
feller, reported yesterday that his father, who

was operated on for appendiciti+ last week,
was progressing remarkably well toward ree

Duffy's MALARID soos

Pure Colds, Dyspepsia of what

M a It sueg DUDPY'S Man.
Whiskey

tablespoonful in glass ef water
three timesaday. All @rug-
gists and grocera Beware
of Imitations.
Relief From Torturing Belts
and Springs
{s found In our patent truss with automatic pad, whie®

sinks deeper in instantly and holds at straining mo-
ments, when ordinary trusses would allow escape,

      

 

| Indigestion and consUpation must ytleld to general

good health, estabilshed by norma eondition of the
maby parts. Keiaaed museles the cause of rupture)

are contracted by natural support and action of our
pad, just as Nature heals a wound, No cutting dae
tics, Bo leg straps, bo heavy springs.

CHAS, CLUTHE co.,
30 East 14th St, bss, Sub Ay and Union SgySi> Ty

4

wy

eo