_

A nee ee

—-

= ee Oe

y

 

CHICAGOS BAT HEAVILY.

 

DEFEAT THE CHAMPION BROOKLYNS
AND TAKE FOURTH PLACE.
Mew Yorks Win Handily From the Cincinnatls
for Tall-K Honors — Pittsburg Beats
Philadelphia in the Tenth Ianiag — St.
Loule Outplayed by the Bostons—Notes.
Unless the Brooklyna take an immediate
brace they are liable 0 lose second place. They
were defeated by ths Chicagos yesterday and
incidentally lost an excellent chance to cut
down the lead of the Vhiladelphias, who were
eonquered inthe tenth inning by the Pitts-
bures. Thelatter team is now in third place,
olose upon the heels of Hanlon’s men while
the Chicagos, by virtue of thelr victory, have
moved into fourth place. Boston won handily
from St. Louis and further showed that the
Hub players will soon be in the bunt. ‘The
New Yorks defeated the Cincionatis in handy
fashion and Brush's men further sank into the
tail-end mire, The results
Chicago, 6; Brooklyn, 4
New York, 7; Cincinnatl, 4
Hittsburg, 5; Philadelphia, 4.
Boston, 6; St. Louls, 3

THE RECORD,

 

    

Per} Per

Cluds, WwW. L. Cent, | Cluds Ww. ir. Cent,
tladelphia. 23 12.657 | St. louls... 1817 .14
rookiyn....1915 .$50 | Boston . 1418 438
ttebur€ ....2) 18 88 | New York....1520 304
Chicago......1917 .525 | Cincinuatl....12 22) 353

CHICAGO, 6; BROOKLYN, 4.

If Manager Hanlon had taken Pitcher Kit-
(pon out of the box at the endof the third inning
yesterday, the Brooklyns may have had an
‘even chance to defeat the Chicagos. In that
time the visitors found Kitson for two singles,
two doubles and a three-bugger, to say noth-
ing of several terrific drives tuan were cleanly
fielded. Kitson, it is said, asked to be relieved
after the first inning, saving “iat he was not
at hie best. In the fourth inning his curves
were hammered for another pingte and two
more doubles, but Hanlon still kept him at
work. In the fifth inning two more singles,

two-bagger and a three-bagger proved lo

too wueh aud the Chataplous’ manager
then substituted “Roaring Bill” Kennedy,
who waa a stumbling block, after It was too
late. But even in the tace of this error of
udgment the Brookiyns wight have won had
ey shown any ability to hit the ball consecu-
tively. There is and has been something the
tter with the batting of the Champions ever
lace the season opened, which has been a
ce of comment on all sides, It ts generally
elieved by baseball men that there ts too
much science with the stick, that opposing
pitchers are looking out with unusual
eharpnesa for the “hit and run” system and
at there must be a shilt in methods pretty
soon if the team is to hit Into double figures
each gaine. When such men us heeler, Jen-
tings and Dahlen cannot hit in the $00 class
there must be something radically wrong

The flelding of the Chicayos behind the

ol headed, evenly balanced pitching of Gril-

th was superb. Tt was in marked contrast
to that of the Brooklyns, though Jennings
| ated many errors by his pick-ups of wild

ows. Childs played second base in old-
time form, his great cateh of Cross's
liner in the eighth, which was the be-

Janing of adouble play, with the bases filled,
Going mnuch to shut the Brooklyns out of a
chanoe to pull up. Ryan made a one-hand
catoh and McCormick covered short fleld im
splendid style Jones made some
a and Keeler pulled in adrive fromMertes
Ww his back against the rightfleld fence
Jennings made anotier tine bar king up play

8 Doushue's single was overrun by Keeler
n the second inning, Jevnings picked

I oup and shut) Sir Vimothy ol

t second base witha fine throw to
Branien, Farrell's throwing to) bases was
abored. He missed three of the four men
who made dashes for second base. Griffith,
in addition to pitching clever ball, hit hard.
Bo did Green and Bradley for the visitors,
while Jones and Kelley did the bulk of the bat-
ting for the Brooklyns. ‘The score:

the

 

 

 
 

BROOKLYN CHICAGO
K.M.PO. A, BF! R.H PO. A. EB.
ones, cf.....2 2 4 0 OMertesef..0 1 5 0 1
eeler, rf. ..0 0 2 0 OChilds, 2b..0 12 5 0
sonls ‘@ib.0 112 1 OHyan, If... 1 2 2 0 0
elley, 8 2.1 OGteen rf. .0 3 000
len, as 0 4 6 1Ganzel th .1 113 0 0
$b,....0 0 0 & 1 M'Corm'k,ss2 2 vu 5 0
ont,2b..0 2 0 1 OBradiey,3b.1 8 1 2 0
arrell.c ...1 0 8 1 ODonahue,c 0 1 41 0
ion, p....d 1 0 0 LGrnMibp.. 1 200 0
nnedy, p.- 0000 = — =m
—-— — |, Towls... .6 162713 1

Totals .. 92715 3)

Chicago since eS FEB 0 OG fas
Brooklyn....... . 090200001 1-4

Two-base hits—Mertes, Green, Ganzel MeCormick,
iMth. Three-base hiis—bradiey, MeCormick,

yan. Home run—Jones. Sacrifice hit--DonAhue
tolen bases~Mertes, (ireen, Bradley, Jones (2), Kel-
. First base on errors- Brooklyn, |; Chicago, 2

rst base on balis—Off Grimth, 2
riMth, 2; by Kennedy, |. Hit by piteher- By Grif
th, 1. Left on bases—Brooklyn, 7: Chicago, 4s.
uble play—Childs and Ganzel; Dahlen and Jen

ings Passed bali-Vonabue Umplire—O'Day
2 hours and 10 minutes. Attendaner—1,5V0,

 

NEW YORK, 7; CINCINNATI, 4

was a great battle of the tail-enders at
-olo Grounds yesterday afternoon in whieh

tee orks came out ahead. They nearly
t disease, though, during the close of

T

game when in the eighth inning successive
errors by Doyle, Hickman, Gleason and Bow-
erman, added to hits by Breitenstein and Cor-

oe scored four runs for the Reds. Beck-
ey's fly to left, which Selbach gathered in after
t hard run, put an end to the agony, however
n the last inning the Cincinnatis got men on
firet and second with one out, but adouble play,
the fifth of the game, and a strike out settled
‘all chanoes of the visitors getting out of last
‘awley pitched a great game against his old
comrades. He only allowed them six hits and did
not give a single free pass. ‘Ten of them went
out on easy fly balls and they would probably
Vv nm blanked had not the New Yorks’
nfleld gone up in the air in the eighth inning.
in, On the other hand, was hit freely when
M4 were needed
uding three-baggers by Hickman and Sel-
ch in the seventh inning was good for three
rune and then he was retired to the bench, Scott
going into the box to finish the game
Both teams tried to play “inside” baseball
and the effect, at times was lidicrous The
pew uniforms of the Cincinnatis, to replace
hose destroyed by fire recently arrived yester-
ay and they were used. They gave the visitors
a ness-like appearance, but the men in them
‘could not seem to play ball and this morning
$e are still inlast place. Davis, of the New
or’

out the game for four or fivedays, Bowerman
took his place yesterday and in spite of his two
errors played a good game at short. The ap-
pearance’ of Umpire Emsiie was hailed with

   

neneure by the crowd. He did not allow any
aok talk from the plavers and the result was
the quickest game of the year on the Polo
Grounds. The score:
CINCINNATI. ] NEW YORK
AU. PO AE RH. PO. ALR
arrett,cf.. 1 0 0 0 OVDH'H'n.ef 2.0 4 0 0
‘OTCOTAN, 88. 1 2 5 Gleason, 2d 0 4 4
Ve + 1bO 1 9 0 OSelbach, If 0 1 4 0
cRride, rf..0 0 1 O OGrady,e...1 1 210
wiord, If 1 1 0 O|Doyle,1b...2 2 9 0
n,Sb...1 9 @ 0 1 Mercer,rf 0 1 1 10
Neinfeldt,2b1 1 4 8 0 Hic'man.db1 2 1 2
2c.....0 0 8 2 1 D'w'rmanss0 0 2 4 2
nmp....0 1 0 2 Otawiey,p...1 38 0 2 0
reit'ast'np0 100 0 ——— = -
Pp... 0 0 0 0 0 Totals ....7102714 5
Totals... 4 62412 3!
Cincinnati... 0 000000 4 0-4
BE WEE ivcmensn@ 81 t@ 8 8 @ 7

 

good | release

 

 

Struck out—Hy | NAT?

A fusillade of four safe hits |

 

| .
. | champion pugilist says he has a bet that Hanlon's
8, islaid up with a strained leg and tay be | Syen will win the pennant again.

 
 
     

v= | KRENES WIN THECRITERION

 

but McGraw did not question decisions 90 loudly as
on Saturday. The score:

 

BUSTON, | ST. gy a ee
KM PO, FE. it. .
Hamilton. eff i SSS McGraw, 3011 2 03 0 | DOMINO FILLY, CAP AND BELLS
Collins, 3>.. 1 2 3 3 O Donovan,rt.0 0-2 0 F CAUSES A FLUTTER AT GRAVESEND.
pened, te Reet e | poalin, ? : 3 2 8
Stahl, | .1 2 2 0 © Burkett, . }
Lone, as... 00038 OQuinn, ts. .0 1 3 2 0 | Collapse of Favorites Right Along the Line
freeman, FD eee Tee S race —Gey. Griggs Sets Up a New Track Rec-
, 2b... 2 0 Keister, 2b... ’
Catke, ' 5 2 ; 0-0 Robinaon. ¢.| 1220 ord Over Hurdles—Maximo conan ee
Dineensp....2 1-1 4 9) Mushe i? . 1 } 3 5 for His New Owner—Spencer Scores Twice,
- @ » « un ch. (
Totals... 61392616 0 ee ose Visitors to the Gravesend track yesterday
Totals... 3 924 9 1) found a programme well ore peceuee
*Donlin out for interference. and plenty of elbow room in whi to enjoy
, 1 inning.
Ph cy ee cae 2 ’ 00 4 | it. The turnstiles naturally showed a reac-
St Louls “9 4 10-06 0 1 0 0-3 | tion after the half-holiday crush of last Satur-

| day but the regulars were on hand as promply
} as usual, The outing gradually developed
| into a benefit for the bookmakers as favorites
were bowled over from start to finish while

Firat base on balls—Off Dineen, 5; of Hughey, 2.
Struck out-—By Dineen, 1; by Hughey. 1. Two base
hits Stwhl, (2), Freeman, (2), Lowe, Donlin, Quinn,
Stolen bases--Donovan, Burkett. Double play —
Passed ball—Robinson. Umpire

 

ae cr od tt 2h nd 35 minutes. At
tendance—2,000, ee only two succeeded in capturing the short
; eae idea ak end of the money. Spencer carried off the
Ateute Langes, riding honors with two firsts and a second and
AT ALLENTOWN=FIRST GAME. |) | Purner came next with one win and two places.
Allentown 2004901 } 1-18 8h $ The sport began in omen =
Harrisbure.. 0 0 0 12 0 ; with a hurdle handicap for which six r-
sane McCluskey and McManus; Keener and ‘esneis hanieted me, Eichbere was the
SECOND GAME. rn wer, | Seneral selection and so much money went
Allentown 4.2 2.0 2-10 10 0 | in on him that 13 to 5 could be had against
FAPSOUIB, + 4 90 0 0 * 83 | Gov. Griggs Lackland, with Finnigan up,
Batteries Stimmel and News; Wittue an vers | looked to be a good investment at 7 to 2, and

he flattered his followers for most of the route.
Donohue nursed Gov. Griggs along in a good
position until well around the last ciroult when
he raced through in determined style and
won easily by a length and a half from Lack-
land who beat Mazo ten lengths. The latter
finished a head in front of Athamas after a
long drive. Gov. Grigg'’s time wiped out the
track record of 3:16; made by J. E. McDonald's

American League.

At Chicago — Hulfalo, 38; Chicago, 2 (fifteen
innings.)
At Milwaukee Milwaukee, 9;
innings .
At Kansas City Indianapolis, 10; Kansas City, 3.
At Minneapolis—Minneapolis, 6; Detrott, 5.

Interstate League.
At Dayton -Dayton, 7; Wheeling, 1.

Cleveland, § (twelve

At New Castle New Castle, 6; Youngstown, %& :
at Mansfeld. -Mansficeld, 4; Fort Wayne, 7 four-year-old, Midgley, with 142 pounds in
At Toledo Toledo, 7; Columbus, 2. the saddle, on Sep. 26, 1896.
New York State League. All of the eight starters for the two-year-old
a ay, #: Rome, 4 selling race, second onthe card, found backing
at Been Ci 6 : and there was practically no favorite when the
At Troy” Troy, 19, Binghamton, 7, plungers got through. Bob Baker and Bowen
At Albany —Albany, 18; Cortland, 12. closed at 6 to §, Quis EL at 6 te |b
a tax The Golden Prince and Educator at 6
Uastegn Lengee, to 1, Moor at 7 to 1 and Gilennellie and
At Worcester—Worcester, 8 Providence, 6. =! Beau Gallant at 8 to 1. Glennellie made
At ilartiord—Harttord, 8; Springfield, 7. most of the Fupning, chased along by
At Montreal Syracuse, 8, Montreal, 8, Educate, Quiz IL. kept within hail to the last

Rochester, & Toronto, 7.

furlong pole where he challenged the leader
and won out by ahead. Beau Gallant was pinne
in the rear of the bunch for balf amile but Tur-

At Toronw

Connecticat State League.

iristol Bridgeport, 5; Bristol, 7. ner jammed him through in the stretch and
ae Geerhury, 4&8; New London, 4 landed him tn the place ahead in front of Glen-
At Derby Derby, 3; Norwich, 2. nellie. Then came an equally puzeling race
‘At Jamestown Genuine Cuban Giants, 8; Jame* | for maiden three-year-olds at one mile and
town, 7 70 yards. On_ the strength of his two-
eae year-old record, Red Path, the promising son

Other Games, of Rayon d'Or—Red Girl, ruled favorite with

we PRAQA Orontas and Scales nextindemand. Red Path

- i.e lived up to his reputation for seven furlongs and

, ‘ oot a unb Oe set a oracking pace with Okettee another son
Cornell oo ot A 3 0 0 6-4 9 1 | Of Ravond’Or, chasing him closely, Both were
Chicago Univ oo 8 a : done to a turn when the others joined issue in
Batteries Sanders, Lyon and Green; Rogers | thestretch and the honors fell to Orontas, who

Smith and Marper | beat Scales a@ head. Long Isle dropped from

| the clouds into third position.

Why Not Let ‘‘Broadway" Smith Catch? | teat foc. tories sent scneeited was the Cri-
ae — wy » Casey Tion Stakes of $3,500 for two-year-old fillies at

Not satisfied with “farming” Jimmy Casey tO} ¢ ur anda half furlongs. Most of the nine racy-

 

 

the Detroit club, the oftiefals of the Brooklyn | Jooking youngsters eng had pireea proven
clib are still anxious to reduce the number of | enetr quality and seemed so weil matched that
The latest plan is to | the betting was decidedly open. Weight of

players on the payroll money finally made Ashes @ slight favorite,
a

“Sarm” Catcher Alee Smith to the S laiod, — erans, =e Add and Anecdote next In
¢ the Faste eague, but, it is unde! , | demand. At the last moment a wiisper crept
of the Fastern J “ng sused to bea pocg to | fem paddock to betting ring that | the
Smith has positively refused te Ss ON | Keenes had a maiden filly by Domitno—Ben-
such a deal and has also asked in vain fo¥ his | my-Chree almost at fast as her noted sire, Cap
so that he may negotiate with other | and Bells was accordingly prayed from & to 1

League clubs in his own behall ty 7 to 1, and she turned the trick without an
There hus been a certain amount of feeling | effort. Getting off seventh. she ran around
on the part of the Brooklyn ofticiala against | her feld with an extraordinary burst of speed

Smith sinee he Was instrumental in losing @ | and turned for home six lengths in the lead
gaine to the New Yorks, and the player since | Then Spencer tool in a couple ef wraps and “
that time has not received what might termed | her gallop past the Judges Ewa lengths clear o

Luerana, Ashes, Janice and Add, who finished

a “square deal '
occasion ib question, t
ular position, and was the only
team willing to tackle the job w
was Vacant, His shortcomings, therefore,
could not be considered censurable. — Suiith is
a cateher and a good one when receiving plenty
of regular work. Hanlon released him last
sununer, but when Smith signed with MeGraw's
Baltimores he did such good work that Han-
lon took him back. At the present tune Mc-

He played third base on the

hough it was not his reg-
layer on the
ien the place

short heads apart, By this time the plungers
were demoralized and they split up their in-
vestments between Kinnikinic and Charentus,
to the exclusion of Firearm and Masimo Gomez,
at §to leach, Maximo Gomez played skitdes
with his fleld at the barrier until Firearm caught
the contagion. and a long delay ensued ‘le
nally all but Firearm got off well. He was forced
to take the dust from the bunch around the first
turn, but raced up to his horses on the back

iuire Jame ankle and cannot take partin | stretch. They struck the home stretch tn
al a Farrell's throwing arm is off and | close order, but Maximo Gomez had most left

the games
will not come around until hot weather sets in,
but Smith, in condition and anxious to go be-
hind the bat, is Kept on the bench. The ball
cranks of Brooklyn would like to see Smith have
to show his true worth as a cajcher,

and he won by alength and a half from Firearm.
who beat Charentus a length. Kinnikinic was a
prominent factor to the last pole, but Survivor
outran him and nearly caught Charentus.
Picardy furnished the sixth surprise of the day

a chance
is found wanting then it will be time to | by beating Her Ladyship and other fast nt-
and i he,s found 3 ras tein him. MeGraw | ers. He was neglected in the ring at 10 to 1,
iid the other day that he could not understand | the favorite being Kamara, who finished fifth.
why Smith was on the bench. Ball plavers in | Summary
the League who adopt the tactics of thuge receive FIRST RACR.
an

better treatment from the magnates ¢ those
who try to follow the rules of sportsmanship,

Baseball Games To-day,

ONAT, LRAGUR AND AMERICAN ASSOCIATION,

Chicago at Brooklyn, Cincinnatl at New York, Pitts:
burg at Philadelphia, St. Louls at Boston.

FKASTERN LEAGUE

Rochester at Montreal, Syracuse at Toronto, Wor-

cester at Hartford, Springfield et Providence
OTHER GAMES.

University of Chicago vs University of Pennsy!
vania, at Philadelphia.

Wesleyan vs Ambherst,

Adelphi Academy vs.
Adelplil Pieid.

Hurdle handicap for four-year olds and upward; by
subscription of $10 each, or $5 tf declared, to the win-
ner; with $700 added, of which $125 to second and
pre bo third; one miie and three-quarters over seven
surcies
J. Underwood & Co.'s br. h. Gov Griggs, 6, by Tris

tan—Silver Blue, 167 Donohue) . veseove Ol
} J. W. Colt’s br. c. Lackland, 4 152 (Finne@an).... 2
| FR. & T. Hitchcock's ch. ¢. Mazo, 4,140 (Green). 3

Dr. Fichberg, Athamas and Fool Hardy also ran.

Time, 3:15 1-5.

Betting—Thirteen to 5 against Gov Griggs, 7 to 2
Lackland, 5 to | Mazo, lltoS Dr. Eichberg, 201
Athamas, 60 to 1 Fool Hardy.

SRECOND RACE.

Selling; for two-year-olds: by sopeer peop of $10
each, to the winner, with $700 added, of which $125
to second and $75 to third; allowances; five furlongs:
c. T. Patterson & Co.'s br. c. Quiz IL, by St
Florian Queenstown, 07 (Dangman).....
A. Simons’s br. ¢. Beau Gellant, 110 (Turner).,.... 2
| John Daly's ch. f. Glennellte, 100 (Mitchell) 4
The Golden Prince, Educate, Moor, Bob Baker and
Bowen also ran.
Time, 1:02.

Betting —Five to | against Quiz IL,8 to 1 Beau
Gallant. 8 to 1 Glenneliie, 610 1 The Golden Prince
£% 1 Educate, 710 1 Moor, 9 to 2 Bob Baker, 9 to 2

owen.

at Middletown |
Brooklyn Latin School, at |

Baseball Notes.

CINCINNATI, June 4,-The Cineinnatt Baseball
Club management has decided to build a temporary
structure to take the place of the grandstand burned
afew daysago. This structure ls to be completed in
thine to play the games scheduled with the Bostons
on June 23. ‘The games scheduled with the Chicago
and St Louls teams will be transferred.

It ts said that the Chicago club bas offered to sell
Pitcher Taylor to the New York club for a cash
bonus.

The Empires have .tuly 4 open for two games, and
would like to book with oubof-town clubs. Address
N. Briekfeld, 437 Cleveland street, Brooklyn.

 

THIRD RACB.

For malden three-year-olds; by subscription of §10

; each, to the winner; with $700 added, of which $125

| to second and 875 to third: weights 14 pounds below
the scale; one mile and 70 yards:

George J. Long's b. ¢. Urontas, by Asra—Starlight,

Owing to the cancellation of,a came, the Cranford 112 (Spencer)... bs6tbier ie F 1
Baseball Club has June @ open ‘at Cranford, Address | A, Simons’s b. € Scales, 109 (Maher) ...... 2
Alvert Tuseh, Jr, manager, P. U. box 336, Cranford, | F. Burlew sb c. Long Isle, 112 (Shaw), ssooee @
N. J. Okettee, Rochester, Beautiful, Red Path and

Lancewood also ran.

Time, 1:47.
Thirteen to 5 against Orontas, 4 to 1
Isle, § to 1 Okettee. 15 to 1
auufnl, # to 5 Red Path, 30 to

FOURTH RACE.

The Criterion Stakes of $3,500 for two-year-old
Allies; by subseription of $50 each, or $10 If dectared
by Jan. 1, $190 additional for starters; the clud to
add an amount necessary tomake the gross value of

| the race $3,500. of which $400 to second and §200 to
third; penalties and allowances, four and a half fur-

longs
J f and F. P. Keene's b. f. Cap and Bellis, by

Domino Ben-my-chree, 114 (Spencer). . :-
A. Simons's b. f. Luerana, 114 (Turner)... ian
W. Showalter’s bik. f. Ashes, 114 (O'Conne ats

Add, Jani Mary McCoy, Anecdote, Ida Carbry
and Princess Pepper also ran,

Time, 0:55 485,

Hetting Seven to 1 against Cap and Bells, 7 to 2
Luerana, 13 to 5 Ashes, 6 tol Add. 20 to 1 Janice, 15
to 1 Mary McCoy, 6 to | Anecdote, 30 to 1 Ida Carbry,

20 to | Princess Pepper
FIFTH RACK.

Handicap for three year-olds and upward: by
subscription of $10 esch or $5 ff declared to the
winner: with $1,000 added, of which $290 to second
and $100 to third; one mile and a siateenth:
¥. M. Taylor's eh. g. Maximo Gomes, 5, by Victory

ueaal, 114 (Turner) ’ e vere
J. Boden's b. g. Firearm, 5, 126 (Spencer) ......
0 L. Hiehards's b. & Charentus, 6, 113 (Maher) §

Kinnikinic, Survivor, Kilogram, Knight of th

Garter, Hardiy and Laudeman also ran.
Time, 1:44

Betting—Eight to 1 against Maximo Gomer, 4 wo 1

Firearm, 4to | Charenius,4@ tol Kinntkinte, 6tot

of Yonkers has all Sundays tn
to arrange games with
Address James

The Vilae A. C
August open, and would Itke
teams of players averaging 18 years
H. Crotty, 18 Astor place

St. Joseph's Lyceum has a few Saturdays and |
Supdays open and would itke to All the same with
clubs giving a sultable guarantee, Address H. B
Farrell, 2406 Kigbth avenue

Jim Corbett and a party of friends went to the
Brooklyt Chicago game yesterday. The former

Hettin
Scales, 25 to | Lon
Rochester, 300 to 1
1 Lancewood,

be Westwood F, C. would Ike to book a first-
class team for the afternoon of July 4, Skellys, Sene-
cas, Everett College and teams of that class preferred.
Address) P, Voorhls, Westwood, N. J.

The Norwich A, C. would Iike to arrange games
with the Orttant, Hollywood Lun and first-class uni-
formed teams, Address J. W. Cantilllon, Secretary
and manager, $56 Sixth street, Brooklyn

The Columbus Catholle Club baseball team would
be pleased to hear from outof wwn lyceum teams or
those offering inducements or guarantees, Address
John J. Kieran, 536 West Fifty frst street.

‘The Laurel A.C. team is in the fleld again with a
semi professional team and would like to book games
with all strong ousof town teams offering a sultable
indicement Address J. Anthony, 156 Stanton
street.

‘The Wadsworth Haseball Club would Itke to bear |
from semi professional teams for out of town games,
A suitable guaranwe desired. Address Sergt
Kearney, Pitth Artillery, Battery O, Fort Wadsworth,
New York Harbor

| ‘The Harlem Catholle Club has decided w play
| Sunday games, having Siled thelr schedule for Satur

  
   

 

avn

base 08 errere~Clncinnati, 4. ft : | days. ‘The Harlems would like to hear from all out :
ure bas yg fle tg First $ bath erates Stown clubs, Address Joseph F. MeCarthy, 115 ervey, te Haraiese to f reusemaree’ of the
hn, 4. Struck out-Hy Hahn, 3; by Hawley, 1, | Bast 116th street nay AIXTH RACE

ree. hite—Doyle, Hickman, Selbach. Saert-
joe hit--Gleason. Stolen bases-Van Ualtren, Sel-
th, Grady, Doyle. Double psy Gleason and

le: Bowerman and Doyle; Bowerman, Gleason

nd Doyle; Corcoran, Steinfeldt and Heeklry (2)
id pitch—Haho. | Umpire~-Emslie ‘Time! hour |
and 40 minutes Attendance-—-1,800

VITTSBURG, 5; PHILADBLPHIA, 4.

PHILADELPHIA, June 4.--Dick Cooley had his re-
venge to-day, Inthe tenth inning, with the score a
le, two men out and Wagner on first, the latter
started for second Cooley deliberately blocked
McFarland's throw, which enabled Wagner to reach
second safely. Then Cooley bit to right for two
bases. and the game waswon. Wolverton was com

ied to lay off on account of a spilt Anger. At

ndance, 4,290, The seure

 

PHILADELPHIA. PITTSAURG,
R. 8. PO.A, B R.H.POA EB,
Thomas, cf. 1 1 3 0 O'Reaum'tecf 0 1 0 0 8
fe, if... 09 O 2 0 OClarke, 0 0 4 0 0
Mh'intwibl i411 0 © Willams, 3)0 1 2 8
> es 12 8 1 O Wagner. cf 23100
‘ari'de 1 0 6 2 OCooley, 1b 1 112 © 0
egier. 3D..0 1 2 1 O Ritchey, @b 2 1460
jan, 2b...0 1 2 2 O Ely, sa... i ie ot Oe
Croas,sa....9 0 2 1 2Zimmer,e 0 15 3 0
Piatt, p 0 1:0 2 © Waddell, p 9 008 0
~-<—-_-—--- *O)'Hrien 61000
Totals 4.730 9 2Pbillipy p..0 0 0 UU
Totate, $1030 18 2
*Batted for Waddell in the ninth inning,
Philadelphia 8010070 0 0 Omg

Pittsburg. ...... 0006500001 §=§

First base on errors—Philadelphta, 1; Fowepure, 2.
fton bases ~ Philadelphia, 5; Tiveburg. 7. ‘irst
se on balla— Ort Ptatt,1; off Waddell,!, Stru
y Platt. 3; by Waddell, 6,
Hams. Two-base hit-—Cooley. Sacrifice hits -Filek,
Ely. Stolen bases—Fiick, McFarland, Dolan. Wag
ner, Double plays—Flick and Delehanty; Willlams
and Leach. Passed Dalln—MeFariand, 1; Zimmer,
1, Umpire— Hurst. Time) hour and 35 minntes,

ek out
Three base hit-Wil

ROSTON, 6; ST, LOUIS, 4.

* BOSTON, June 4.—Boston out- played and out bat-
ted St Louis today. In the third inning the stick
work of the locals was superb; base bit after base hit
McGraw, sending four men across the plate

& wonder at the bat, drawing three hases
cing two short hits with marvellous
wiotQvetimesup Ii was a noisy game,

i

   

The Rosedales have the following dates open: = June
9, 23, 3) and July 4, and would Iike to fill the same
with firstclass ams giving 4@ sultable guarantee
Address Harry MeCarthy, 355 Central avenue, Jersey
City Heights, N J

rhe Vigilant F. C. has a few open dates tn June
j and July, including July 4, and would like to hear

from out-of town teams offering 4 suitable guarantee
Address

Selling: for three-year-olds and upward; by sub-
seription of $10 each, to the winger, with $700
added, of which $125 Ww second and $75 to third:
allowances; about siz sartongs:
Mrs. J. Dowdell’s b, ¢. Pleardy 3. by Alberte
| Luminous, 107 (Bullunap) ° : a
| J. L. Holland's b f. Her Ladyship, 3, 94 (Phelan) 2
ML. names} ch. f. Gare, 4,191 (Wedderstrand) 3
| Prince Richard, Marblebead, Kamara. The Ama-
zon, Manitoban, Villiage Pride and Tinge also ran.

The Bleecker F. C., semi professional, would ke Time, 1:10 2.5.
to hear from the Manhattan and Fordham Reserves, | Betting—Ten to | against Picardy, 4 to 1 Her
Murray Hills, Senecas, Oaklands, Emeralds or the | Ladyship, 7 (01 Gaze, 40 tol Prince Richard, 15 to
Skellys on Jone iv, Address Robert C Blake, cap- | 1 Marblehead, 5 to 2 Kamara. 12 to! ‘The Amazon,
tain, Mills Hotel, 160 Bleecker street 6 | Manttoban, 30 to 1 Village Pride, 7101 Tinga

The Websters have June @ and 23 open for games i
on thelr grounds at Claremont Park. They also have | ‘The following Is the programme for to-day:
Firat Race—Seliing; abows sig furlongs:

 

whose players average from 18 to 18 years
AB. Wallace, 346 Willis avenue

 

several Sundays tn June, July, August and Septem

 

 

     

 

   

 

 

 

  
  
   

 

ber open, and would be pleased to hear from teams | Monadour ... 106 | Trumpet.... ......... 102
having thelr own grounds: the [ronxes, Senators, | Suntol 105 | McGrathiana Prince. 04
Cedars and Locusts preferred. Address George D, | Pieardy 195 | Prestidigitator....... 95
Hoering, manager, 601 Kast 160th street, Kensington (05 | Miss Hanover 04
The Staten Island Baseball Club has arranged to } abd + Ned ioe | Sane store eneae ae
play the sirongest clubs In Richmond borough for the rough '
championship of Staten Island. For the present the Second Race—Three-year-olds; one mile and a siz-
Staten Islands destre to play away from home, asttts | teenth
diMeult to secure sultable grounds on the Island, | Col Roosevelt........113 | Magic Light......... 198
‘They will book games with leams of acknowledged | Montanie......++++-6.110 | Bombshell............108
strength and reputation within 500 miles of New York SAPMAUAN. «ocr eee 108 | James ceveeeres LOR
offering & falr guarantee, Address William F, Ester. | Toddy 108 | Wax Taper...........108
brook, manager, box 116, Tompkineviile, 8, 1 Ten Candles 108 | Mertto. x ; 103
Manager Ewing hada further talk with Manager | Third Race--For two-year-old maidens: five fur-
Allen of the Clielunatis yorvrdey with a view of , longs
Securing the services of elther Eimer Smith or Geler | Competitor vero N12 | Water Color. .........118
of the Reds. Both men areon the list of extra play. | Cresson. ee DN2 | Bites. eee cee vee 12
ers. Fowing would prefer the latter, as he isa younger | Blut ++ sooell2 | Prince of Melrose....112
man than Smith, But Allen ponte to faye him outto | Orerator.....-++ LI2 | Spoiled Sport.. 109
the Chicago club of the American League, while Fourth Race—The Broogdale Hanatc:
Ewing wants him released outright tothe New Yorks | year-olds and upward; one mile and S ane: oe
fornothing, ‘The managers could come to noagree- | Jean Beraud.........427 , Intrusive ceveere eo BOP
ment fs \ Imp sess 127 | Advance Guard.....
The Hudsons have the following dates still open: | Haffariio coos DI®8 | Charentus....
June ®, 16, 30, Muy 21, Aug. 4 11, 25, and all of Sep. | Firearm... so T16 ) Half Time
tember They would like ° close the above with | Prince MeClurg.... 116
frst class teams offering sultable inducements: Mar Filth ~For two-ye. a fivel :
fons of Perth Amboy, Westwood and Hillsdale and , neo “» p7garties: Ave urlongs: 107
Hollywood Inn preferred. They also have a few open | Biues eee 115 | Carl Kabler ...... 107
} Sundays to close with such clubs as the Murray Hills, } MeAddte -115 | Ethelbald oe. 200
| West New Yorks and Jergeys of Jersey Clty. Ad- | Malden. .....s..++ 112 | Maria Bolion.... 104
| dress Wwilltara lraeger, Jr. #07 Park avenue, Hobo- The Brother... 107 | Miranda cassia
ken, N. J. Stath Race—Selling: one mile and a sixteenth:
Baseball, Wasbington Park, 4 P. M. To-@ay. | tenp Prince... 108 | Pee Wet
Brooklyn vs. Chicago, Adm. 60c. and 25¢-Adz.QJ ngacre. 106

THE SUN,

|

TUESDAY,

A

 

 

BROTHER TO TWO DERBY WINNERS,

—_
Sandringham Parchased From the Prince of
Wales by John E. Madden.

John E. Madden, the noted Kentucky horse-
man, yesterday completed negotiations by
cable forthe purchase of one of the greatest
thoroughbreds owned by the Prince of Wales.
The horse is Sandringham, so named as &@ Spe-
cial compliment to the prowess he showed in
private trials as a two-year-old. He hit
himself and went amiss so badly that
Trainer Marsh never succeeded in getting

him to the post. He is now @ four-
typical tative

breeding lines in Engiand,
Sandringham is a full brother to Persimmon
and Diamond Jubilee, the two noted Derby
winners, all three being by St. Simon—Perdita
Il. Mr. Madden will place bis latest acquisition
at the head ‘of his Hamburg Place nursery, and
if blood counts for anything the Investment
should rank among the best of the many deals
in choloe horsefiesh which have made the name
of Madden famous. The price at which San
dringham changes hands remains a secret, but
horsemen who heard of the matter at Graves-
ene zoaterday think he would be a bargain at

RESULTS ON OTHER TRACKS.

—_—_——-
At Hawthorne.

CHICAGO, June 4.—There was a mock ratd at Haw-

orne, at 1 o'clock this afternoon, half an hour

fore there were any bookmakers on the ground,
There were six “dummies” tn one of the boxes who
were arrested, taken before a nearby Justice and re-
leased on bonds. The raid was instigated by John L
Jones, President of the Town Board of Cicero, and ts
in no sense @ serious affalr, The result of the
Juvenile Stakes for two-year-olds leaves 10 doubt as
to the superiority of Garry Herrmann. This good colt
Just galloped the distance in 1:02' over a slow track.
Charnes Head Smith, who recently purchased the colt,
will pot send bim Fast forthe Great Trial Stakes,
The last race to-day was probably the best and !t was
3 to i, take your pick between Gold Fox, Great
Bend, Molo and Tenby. Gold Fox won by half a
length. Summaries:

First Race—One mile—The Bobby, 194 (Miller), 3 to
1, won; Lake Mills, 112 (Ross), 7 to 1, second; Mac-
cabee, 112 (Crowhurst), 6 to 1, third. Time, 1:44.

Spcond Race—Sixfurlongs~Nobleman, 117 (Key),
20 w 1, won; Orimar, 114 (Ross), 4 to 1, second;
Bangie, 114 (Crowhurst), 3 to 10, third. Time, 1:155,,

Third Race--Steeplechase, short course Globe Il,
153 (Eggerson), 8 5, won; Frond, 130 (Jackson),
Sto 1, second; Viking, 135 (Wilson). 9 to2, third.
Time. 3.14%

Fourth Race—The Juvenile Stakes value $1,490;
five furlongs -Garry Herrmann, 121 (Caywood),
even, won; Silverdale. 118 (Burns), 6 to 5, second;
Sortie, 113 (Devin), 10 to 1, third Time, 1:02\.

Fifth Race—One mile and an elghth—Star Chamber,
92 (Walsh), 7 to 1, won; Jimp, 107 (Ross), 7 to 1,
rece: Trimmer, 107 (Miller), 8to1, third. ‘Time,

54%.

Slath Race—One mile—Gold Fox, 106 (Knight), 3
to 1, won; Great Bend, 110 (Dupee), 3 to 1. second;
Molo, 110 (Ross), 18 to 5, third. Time, 1:41%,

At Newport.

CINCINNATI, June 4.—The races were on at
Newport track again today and the track was well
worked and in good shape. ‘The surprise of the after
noon was {pn the fourth race, a mile affair, and Florizar
was easily the favoriteat 11 to5, Unsightly was the
second cholce at 244 to 1, but the players seemed to
kupw something about Philippine which opened at 10
to |, but was backed down to 4410}, Their conn-
dence in the son of Sir Dixon was not misplaced for
Philippine won a greatrace, beating Unsightly and
Plorizar that were respectively second and third In an
easy manner. Summary:

First Race--Six furlongs—Crinkle, 107 (Harshber
eer), 34 to 1, won: Winter, 108 (Van Camp), 6 to 5,
Pee Iris, 102 (Michaels), 25 to}, third. Time,
1il4h,

Seeond Race -Four and a half furlongs-—-School
For Scaudal, 08 (Michaels), 44¢ to 1, won; Queen
Carnival, 106 (May), 0 to 10, second, Virginia T, 106
(Harshberger!, 3\44to 1, third. Time, 0:56

Third Race One mile and @ sixteenth - High Noon,
102 (Aker), 18 5, won; Flammarion, 107 (Post) 10
to 1 second; Bellamy, 104 (Wilson), 1040 1, third
Time, 1:48'4.

Fourth Race -One mile--Philippine. 98 (Michaels),
414to 1, won; Unsightly, 08 (May). 244 to 1, second;
Florizar, 103 (Ransom), 11 to 5, third. Time, ti4t

Fifia Race Five furlongs-—Drogheda, 114 ‘Van
Camp), even, won; Irving Mayor, 106. Michaels), 11
to 5. second; Glen. Bow, 102 (W. Taylor), 30 w 1,
third, Time, 102%,

Stath Race-Oue mnile and @ sixteenth—Trebor, 108
(Kitley), 6 to 1, won; Lagrange, 107 (Harsbberger),
34g bo 1, second; Fannie Taylor, 105 (Mason), 2), to
1, third, Time, 1:49.

 

 

At St, Loals,

Sr. Louts, June 4.—A fast track, good attendance,
Gelighbiful weatner and brisk speculation, coupled
with a fine card, were the features of to-day's races.
‘The princely Algol's racing days are probably over
He was cut down In the second event by Hil
Knocker, tn bla off bind leg. The back tendon was
cub through, permitting Tulla Fonso to win the
race. Summaries:

Firat Race—One mile and an eighth—Parole D'or,
111 (Mathews), 8 to 1, Won; BatMed, 87 (Woods). 5 to
1, second: Mystery, 111 (Hinkey), 10 to 1, thira
Time, 1:55.

Second Race—Seven furlongs—Tulla Fonso, ¥7
(Wood), 9 to 2, won; Algol, 110 (Gilmore), 1 to 2,
second; Hi Knocker, 98 (Cogswell), 12 to 1, third.
Time, 1:28.

fhird khace—Pive furlongs—The Mecca, 110 (Vitl-
we), even, won; Dangeriine, 108 (Powell), 7 to 1,
avcond; Miss Zara, 110 (Wood), 7 w 2, third. Tine,
108.

Fourth Race —-One mile--Russell R, 87 (Dominick),
9 to 10, won; Tom Gilmore, 47, 4 to |, Seeond: Silent
Friend, 57 (Smith), 4to 1, third. ‘Time, 1:42

Fifth Race Six furlongs--Dr. Cave, 06 (Dale), 4 to
1, won; Bummer 102 (Woods), 40 to 1, second
Fireside, 108 (Dominick), 2 to 1, third. Time, 113%,

Siath Race-Siz furlongs-Bertna Nell, 107 \Vit-
fwe), 4to 1, won; Ned Wiekers, 112) (Hinkey) 4 to
1, second; Queen Esther, 105 (Morse), 15 to 1, third
Time, 1:14

An English Critic Comments on the Cutter
Hester.

The cutter Hester, recently purchased by
Rear Commodore Robinson of the New York
Yacht Club, is being fitted out for the trip
across the ocean. The Yachting World says

“Hester has had rather hard luck in her short
racing career on this side. She was built and
sailed her first races before the rating rule was
altered to give yachts of her size a better

chance of success against the bigger boats,
Under these condilions she was not quite good
enough for the magnificent class of bigger
boata in which she sailed, and the record of her
successes Was butshort. Mr. John Nairn pur-
chased her with the idea of racing her in the
handicap class, but was practically shut out for
one season because he raced her once against
one of the class boats for the simple purpose of
making a contest. She was afterward brought
to the Clyde, but there was little sport here for
her, because Ithappened that our big cruising
claas was that yearina state of collapse. Last
year she wos laid up right through the season
at Port Glasgow, and her American owner,
mneeprere, gets a boat which has been but little
tried,

Yachting Notes,

‘The Isolde, F. M. Hoyt’s cutter, sailed again for
this country on May 17.

‘The Yachting World says: “Owing tothe fil-health
of Mr. Rutherford Stuyvesant, the Arcturus, which
returned to Southampton from a cruise a week or
two ago, will not Mt out again this season.”

The annual regatta of the Manhasset Kay Yacht
Club will be sailed neat Saturday. The start will be
made at noon from a line off the clubhouse. The 43,
36, 80 and special 30-foot classes will race twenty one
miles, golng to the Gangway Buoy, then to Matinicock

Point Buoy and back over the same course. ‘The 25
foot class raceabouts, knockabouts and = cabin

catboats will sail twelve miles, goln@ to the Gangway
Buoy, then to Old Hen Buoy, then to the Middle
Ground Buoy, pass tothe north of Execution Lignt,
then to the Gangway Buoy and to the finish line.
Sloops of the 21 aud 14 foot class andopen catboats
will race seven miles, going to the Gangway Buoy
and back. The dories will race over atriangular
course, three miles and an eighih long, lald off the
clubbouse. The rules of the Yacht Racing Associa-
tion will govern. The megatie Committee ta FM.
MacLellan, chairman; Robert Jacod and Charles D.
ower.

Field Day of the Commercial High School,

The firstannual fleld day of the Commercial High
School of Brooklyn, was held yesterday at Adelphi
Field, The feature was the riding of G. F. Louns
bury, a Junior, in the bicycle event. Although much

smaller than the other competitors, he finished second
in the preliminary heat and in the final. The senior
athletes bad matters all their own way and won the
interclass championship handily. Summaries:
100-Yard Dash, Junior—Final heat won by J_W.
Roeder, '03; G. H_ Finley, 1000, second; George Wil-
son, ‘01, be ghd nie 1144 seconds.
ard Dash Senior—Final beat won by Roeder,
E. K, Valentine, "01, second; I, H Madison, 1900,
oiarier Mile Rone Pinal
uarler Mile Run-Final heat won by M. J. Doyle,
‘Ol; J. H. Harkness, '91, second: C. f Harvey, %t"
third. Time, 1 minute 5'4 seconds,
220-Yard Dash, Junior Final heat won by Roeder;
Finley, second, Wilson, third, Time, 24 seconds.
ieee i wank, gy or yey ya won by Valen-
ne: W. son, 1900, second;.F. G. Tho: , OI,
third. Time, 27 seconds, _
Half-mile Run—Won by JJ. E. Clarke, '01; D. P.
Buzaee, “01, second: G. J. Wojidkow, third. Time,
2 prune a seynes.
unning High Jumy—Won by M. Quackenboas,
1900, with 4 feet 8 invoes; H. Brunjes, 02, ;
Aas Ee res vos won be 2
ine Mile ce—Final heat~Won by H. G,
Zundel, ‘01; ‘% H. Lounsbury, '04, necond, G. H.
Porter, '01, third. Time, § minutes 54 seeonda,
Running Broad Jump—Won by F. Rogers,’0i, with
18 feet; Valentine, second; Rahmann, third.
Putting the 12. Pound Shot— Won by G. J. Liott, '01,
with 30 feet; Rahman, seoond; Valentine, third.

   

Lawn Tennis,

The preliminary and first rounds in the
Columbia University championship tennis
tournament to select a team to play in the

Intercollegiate Tournament at New Haven
were comple at the university courts on
Amsterdam avenue yesterday with the follow-
ing resulta:

Preliminary Round—White defeated Shainwal
6-0, 6-0; Ledoux defeated Crissy by default: ceak
defe Ernat, 6-2, 6-3; Bandler defeated Ottenberg,
6-2, 6-0; Seheuer defeated Weeks, 6-3, 6-1; Boyeson
defeated Daniels, 6-2, 6-4; Wilson defeated Rosen-
blatt, 6-3, 6-2; Chase defeated (Giddings oy default;
Briggs defeated Ropes by default.

rst Round—Bates defeated Strebeigh 6-1, 6-1;
Bandler defeated Scheuer, 6-3, 6-0; White defeated
lrdous, 6-3, 6-6; Wilson defeated Kelly, 6.0, 6-1;

n defeated Burdiek, 6-2, 6-3; Logermaa defea
wren 7-0, 7-4, 6-3; Chase eal Cour

The second round will be played to-day,

ETITION
THE GREAT ANNUAL COMPET. 4
AGAIN SLATED FOR ST. ANDREWS.

maeammmenit
Harry Vardon to Be Patred With Harold Fi.
Hilton~Eighty-foar Entries for the Event
~Scotland Hopeful of at Last Regaining
the Title From the English Players.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Lonpon, June 4.—Eighty-four competitors
have entered for the open golf championship at
St. Andrews, Harry Vardon, the professional,
and Harold Hilton, who recently won the
amateur championship at “Sandwich, have
drawn to play together.

The open championship of the world, which
begins to-morrow at St. Andrews, Scotland,
has been played since 1872, when it was institu-
ted to take the place of the competition for the
championship belt, first played for in 1860,
which was won out by three successive wins in
1870 by Tom Morris, Jr. ‘The open champion-
ship is at seventy-two holes, medal play, and it
is played in turn at St. Andrews, Sandwich,
Prestwick, Muirfield and Holyoke, the five
“classic” links, It was won for the first time
by an English player in 1890, when John Ball, Jr.,
also the first amateur to win, carried off the first
honors at Prestwick. In 1892 and 1897 another
amateur, H. H. Hilton, was the winner. Hugh
Kirkcaldy of St. Andrews won in 1891 at St.
Andrews, and Willie Auchterlonie, also of St.
Andrews, won at Prestwick in 1803. Since then
aSootch player has not won. J. H. Taylor won
in 1804 and 1895, on the last occasion at St. An-
drews, and Harry Vardon, the present holder
of the title, won in 1896, 1898.and last year. In
some quarters the opinion is held that Vardon's
American trip will have put him off his game,
but he has been Jucky to draw the amateur
champion as his partner, Vardon said when
here that if he did not win he thoughtsome out-
sider would do so, but in Scotland Andrew
Kirkcaldy, Sandy Herd and W. Park, dr., aro
regarded as possible winners.

Prospects of the British Golf Championship,

From the Glasgow Evening News.
The classic course of the Royal and Ancient
Golf Club of St. Andrews is this year honored
with the competition which is to decide the
“blue ribbon” of golf—a distinction it has not
held since 1895. The winner {s decided by the
lowest aggregate score of four rounds over the
course. At the end of the first day, competitors
with scores exceeding the lowest by twenty
strokes are obliged to retire; but power is
reserved to augment the number of profes-
sionals to thirty-two. Theprizes are of £50,
£25, £15, £10, and two of £7 10s.—amateurs
having choice of plate
The present holder {s Harry Vardon. Since
Auchterionie’s victory at Prestwick in 1803 the
championship has not been held by a Scotsman,
But last year no fewer than six Scotsmen
fullowed Vardon {tn immediate succession on
the prize list
Vardon undoubtedly the
favored position. It is somewhat difficult to
assign the cause of his wonderful suceess, With
theexception of long shots through the green,
it cannot be said he holds unquestioned
supremacy in any department of the game. It
{a rather to the possession of the qualities of
steadiness, accuracy, power and resources, in
unrivalled combination, that his succeas fs to be

attributed. Braid easily out drives him. Tavilor
excels at approaching, and Park is his master
on the putting green, but Vardon is without the
defects which characterize these plavers It
would be still harder to discover wherein he ex-
cela Herd, except tosay that he is steadier, All
things considered, however, the chances appear
{n favor of his repeating previous performances
by again annexing the chemplonehip

Willie Park, at Prestwick two vears ago,
gave an astonishing display, leading the fleld
or three rounds, when his rroclivity to oc-
casional weakness axserted iteelf and cost him
the champlonship by a singlestroke. Al'hough
he recorded eight more strokes than Vardon at
the first and third holes of the two last rounds,
he finished witha total of 308 a splendid avy-
erage of 77

By his splendid achievement fn winning the
amateur championship, Mr Hilton's prospects
are becoming greatly enhanced.

J oH. Taylor ts a plaver with chances tobe
serlously reckoned, The Englishman's game
lacks the vigor and brilliance of the Scotch
school, but it is wonderfully acenrate

Aniong those who have not won the event,
vet who are thoroughly deserving such an
Joner, pone stands so conanicnons as Sendy
Herd Winner of many matches and tourna-
ments, often vietor of Vardon, he has somehow
always falled at the championship. Hilton has
fustly said of him, {t were an error to suppose
there was a better golfer His most succesafy)
season was 1806, when he carried all before him
and led for three rounds in the championship,
his ultimate defeat being attr. buted toa fall of
rain upsetting his calenlations on the greens
Than Herd there is no player better entitled
to be called champion, and no competitor
wou!d grudge him viec‘ory this vear

In James Braid, Romford, Scotiand possesses
another representative fit to earn the honor,
It will be quite safe to account Braid the most
dashing player of his time. His atyle ts ore-
eminently tour-de-force: hia drives and cleek
shota tremendous. He is utterly fearless,
and when it is a case of dernier resort there
fs nothing he doesnot risk. The extreme brill-
iance of his game mav be inferred trom one of
his displavs against Vardon last vear, when,
turning with three holes to the bad, he wiped
off the deficit and actually won by 2 up and 1
to play, capturing five holes out ofeight With
the excention of 1897, when he stood second, he
has never appeared at his best tn the cham-
pionship

Tn the much-lamented loss of their favorite
thelate Lieut Tait, St Andrews folk, whoare al
golfera, will turn their hopes to Andrew Kirk-
ealdy Crities are grown tired discussing the
causes which have contributed to keen this
powerful player so long fromvictory. H1s beat

verformance was in 189, when he tied with

Villie Park, but lostinthere-play. He stood
far un last vear: and he may have some as-
tonishing things in store

James Kinnell anneara to be the most likely
candidate among the younger school Mr. R.
Maxwell, the North Berwick amateur, and win-
ner of the St George's Challenge Vase this
vear, with the fine score of 155, is a remarkably
fine player-—with the proclivity of most of the
brilliant golfers to go off their game occasion-
ally. If he could reneat hia 155 twiee over
there would be few in front of him.

 

occuples most

 

Golf Gossip,

At the Apawamis Golf Club vesterday the
women members decided the qualifying round
fora cup presented by Mrs. Lapham, The fol-

lowing were the sixteen to qualify, who will
meet on dune 14 for the firet round at match
play. The women only play eleven holes of the
ullcourse, The scores:

Gross. H'cap. Net.
ra 73

   

 
 

Mra. E. S. Mathews...... 6 i

Miss A. Towle... 75 1 74
Miss J. Ro Maxwell a7 1 77
Mrs. Pringle Mitchell..... 83 5 7,8
WEN is We BUN os vs 0nteeetcoes AD 1 70
Mrs. A. J. Carnrick. 82 3 79
Miss M, Gwynne. An 4 AS
Mias H. Neilwon............ AS 4 aI
Miss 8S. S. Read seeeeees BB 4 a4
Mrs. S, Dearborn............ 95 19 AS
Misa F. D. Towle......--sescees oo 4 RA
Miss M. Downing ol 4 87
Mrs. 3S. B. Mathews...........5 108 12 93
Mra. F, Ballou evseenees bee RED 20 05
Miss F. Frame... .seeseee 117 20 97
Mine B.S. Towle...socccessssenes 99 2 07

That

roportion of golfers who use the public
links at Sunset Park, Brooklyn, who Belon

to the Sunset Park Golf Club held their annua’
meeting on Sunday. The reault of the elec-
tion of oMfloers for the year was the selection
of Frank J. Mahon as President, Charles J. J.
Baasel as Vice-President, William Duncan, Jr.,
as Secretary-Treasurer, and Robert Balmain
as chairman of the Handicapping Commit-
tee. Mr. Batmain ts an old-time Edinburgh
golfer, As the club has rented a headquarters
on the Beventh avenne side of Sunset Park,
{t was decided, in order to defray the addi-
tional qgpence, to establish an entrance fee
of $2. The annual dues will stand at $2. It
was decided to make a change in the system
of weekly competitions so as to yiake them
less cumbersome and to promote a creater
accuracy in the recording of the scores.

A regular memberehip of 292, with eight -
resident and three honorary inert tates
the roster in the new year book of the Hart-
ford Golf Club. The links is an eighteen-hole
one, with a playing length of 5.350 vards, and
the club has also a finely equip house and
accommodations for tennis and other sports
The golf schedule ooinprises weekly handi-
caps and other competitions extending to

ec,

EWwernan, June 4—On Saturday,
une of the Powelton Club, James 8: ie
winner of the final round n the trial champion-
ship, met the holder of the cup, Gilman P. Tif-
fany, Ina thirty-six-hole match. After break-
ing even In the moraing, Tiffany won the match
by 4 up and 3 to play.

 

Walter J. Travis has an interesting article on
“Practical Golf” in the current number of
Golf, Regarding the atance he says:

l favor driving off the left leg asitappears easier
to get the arms and bod around in the ‘pwerd swing

without the hitch which one seems
= reer eS the way u when rent
tistefron&’ Apart tsom Lowever, is

very little difference in actual results of length of
drive, The ease and rapidity with which the weight
of the body and arms Is transferred from the left leg
tothe right and back again, joined to wrist action
concerning which reference will later be made~ are
largely, if not wholly, responsible forlong driving.
Ifone man ean accomplish this more easily and
naturally OF 6 cas Stanee, then, by all means,
stick tolt. Lt matters little whether he now and then
slices or pulls with more or less frequency: these
faults are not the outgrowth of any of the styles re-
ferred to, but proceed from other causes which will be
dealt with tn due course,

NEWS OF THE WHEELMEN.

The L. A. W. and Suffolk Coanty Sidepath

Tags.

The following letter is from a member of the
L. A. W.:

To THE Eprror oF THE SUN—Sir: [have read
in the “News of the Wheelmen" column of THE SUN
that bicycle riders wishing to make trips on Long
Island and to procure in advance Suffolk county side-
path tags, could do so by applying at the office of the
L. A. W. at 132 Nassau street. I have just learned
that [this is not so, and that the L. A. W. keep
them only for the use of their own members. As itis
inconvenient and annoying for a person who is nota
member to Go to 132 Nassau street on a fool's errand,
would ask you to publish this statement in your col-
umnthat your readers may be correctly informed.
Also please state if there tsany place in New York
city where Suffolk county tags or the tags of any
other county can be procured. Ww.

Chief Consul Belding of the L. A. W. vester-
day mailed a letter to the writer of the above
letter, stating that the tags had been sold to
every one until recently. He changed his mind
in this matter and determined to confine the
League benefits more exclusively toita members,
The Chief Consul, when interviewed by @ re-
porter of THE SUN, said that TH SUN had not
only been correct, but bad been of great aid to
the League. The rule to sell only to members
is a new one, but justified by the fact that
many. thousands of wheelmen have re-
ceived benefits from the work and
money that a few other thousand 9
the L. A. W. expended, He further sai
that only members would hereafter be sup-
plied. There are probably several cycle stores
in New York that sell Suffolk County tags but
they have not notifled Tun SUN of the fact. In
Brooklyn the sidepath tags can be purchased
at 471 Flatbush avenue

 

To-morrow morning another woman aspirant
for continuous century hovols wil! start at
Valley Stream in an attempt to ride 1,000 miles,
The new comer in this killing game is Miss Mor-
wuerite Gast.4 Mrs. Jane Yotman.who was the
first woman to go a remarkable distance last
goer has no more ambition for such feats. She

1as ridden only two centuries this year She

looke in fair health, but, like C. H. Lehritter,
who last year rode 1,500 centuries, is supposed
to be secretly a sufferer from the strain.

 

C.C. Halzel of Spokane, Wash., who last year
became the record holder for afquarter of a
mile, 201-5 seconds, and one-third of a mile,
29 2-5 seconds, under IL. A. W. rules, registered
with the N.C A. yesterday and said that he
would sail to-day on the Kaiser Wilhelin der
Grosse, He intends to train at Dresden and
enter the short distance contests for the world’s
championship at Paris,

In relation to the first long run of the Auto-
mobile Club to Philadelphia itis interesting to
note that George Isham Scott, chairman of the
Committee on Runs and Tours, set an example
to his fellow finishers at Philadelphia
and got away from that. city early
and wus the first. to. finish here on
Sunday night. The heaviest laden vehicle
in the run, the London ‘bus in charge of E. F
Schwartzkopf, was one of the late finishers that
was not mentioned in previous reports. It
carried six persons, although of only a six horse
power gaaoline motor. Most of the members
were surprised to see it arrive, but it war a
good thing that [t did because the evening
suits for the dinner and the pajamas of half a
dozen of the ‘“‘autofans’’ were in dress suit
cases on the top ofthe ‘bus. Yesterday, after
it was allover and the experiences had been
exchanged, the members of the club agreed
that it was the “biggest affair yet’ and the
most successful,

Another Change in Harvard's ‘Varsity Crew,

CAMBRIDGE, June 4.--Coach Storrow to-day
gave another proof of his dissatisfaction with
the way the Harvard ‘Varsity crew is rowing

by removing Lawrence from 4in first boat
10 8inthe second boat. Harding has replaced
him from bow in the second boat. This is be-

lieved to be Lawrence's finish, as he has been
tried on both sides of the boat and returned to
his old place on the starboard side of the boat.
At the conelusion of the day's practice Bullard,
whorows at 2 in the first boat, wrenched his
ankle aeverery, To-night it is not known
whether he willbe able to take his place again

or not
Victor C. Mather, ‘08%, of Philadelphia, has
been elected captain of the Harvard cricket

eleven for next year

 

Corbett Cot Half the Parse Money tn His
Fight With Jeffries.

Champion Jim Jeffries, who is now in the
West, gave out @ statement recently concern-
ing his battle with Corbett.

‘Before my manager, Billy Brady, sailed for
Europe,” said Jeffies, “Thadatalk about the

matter and we agreed not to say anything
aboutit. But aa I have to paddle my own
canoe until he comes back you might as well
know it) Corbett wouldn't fight me at Coney
Island until Brady consented to give him haif
the purse money. He demanded half of 60 per
cent almost at the ringside and refused to go
into the circle unless he gotit. Brady wanted
the fight to go ahead he crowd was there
and everybody was clamoring for us to go on
In fact, | was ready. In order not to disap-
point a big crowd and so as to get a handsome
sium, anyway, Brady made the concession
without my knowledge, That was what caused
the long eoley that night. If} had known itl
don't think IT would have fought him, I tell
you, it was a short skate trick."’

Jeffries further said that il he agrees to fleht
Corbett again the vietor niust take all the
spoils, He declares that he will insist on this
clause or else there will be no match.

 

Sweeney's Narrow Escape,

Eugene Reardon of Little Falls, a new comer
on the lightweight division, gave the backers
of Patsy Sweeney, the Irish pugilist, quite a
scare last night at the Sampson A.C. for a

while. In the second round Reardon came
within an aceol putting Patsy tosleep. After
that, however, Sweeney pulled himself together
and defeated his rivalinthe fourth round, A
good-sized crowd was present, The conditions
were twenty rounds at 133 pounds. Johnny
Eckhardt was the referee. ,

Billy Trueman and Jerry Barnett, both from
Brooklyn, figured in the first tit of ten rounds
at i122 pounds. Trueman won

The second bout was between Tim Leonard
and Max Levy, bothof Brooklyn They were
scheduled to wo ten rounds at catchweights,
Levy was declared the victor, :

Jim Ferns Anxious to Box Matty Matthews,

To THE Enrror oF THY SUN—Sir: I observe
that Matty Matthews and his manager, John P, Dunn,
continue to deny Jim Ferns's right to the welter
weight boxing championship, Ferns defeated “Mys
terious" Dilly Smith previous to Smith's contest with
Matthews. He won from Smith on a foul, but it was
alter a fight of over twenty rounds had proved Ferns
the Superlor man. In any event, ring experts
will not deny thata championship can pass on a de
cision on a foul, Otherwise we would probably

never see & new champion. It ts true that Ferns
met Smith at 145 pounds, Smith would make no
other weight for him, Ferns can bo handily at 140

vunds, (which he weighed for Smith) and even
ess, bul so anxious was he to beat the champion that
he let him come tn as heavy as be liked. Now Ferns
has challenged Matthews to settle any dispute over
the title, and 18 willing to make @ match at Mat
thew's own offered terms, 14) pounds at’ P.M. on
day of Datile. Fpr some reason, however, Matthew's
has made another mateb with Connolly and talks of
going to England, We will be at the ringside
of the Matthews-Connolly bout and will challenge the
winner, If Matthews wins and continues to ignore
Ferns's challenge we will turn our attention to Joe
Walcott, a boxer, by the way, that not one of the
other welterwelghts seems anxious to meet, but whom
Ferns expects to box no matter what the outeome of
the negotiations with Matthews may be.

Mf you will publish this tn your widely read paper
you will oblige, yours truly,

CHARLES M. WILSON,

Manager for Jim Ferns (Kansas Rube), world’s
welterweight champion,

BUPFPALO, June 2.

 

Gossip of the Ring.

G.N., New Yoru—They never met
N. N., New York —He Is now in the West.

A Reader, New York-—They met at San Francis
on May 6, 1898, and Jeffries got the decision. ™

Nixon, Newark, N. J ~Address Johnny Murphy
v mses himself, care St Bartholomew jd G, New

ork.

Jack Hamilton of Troy, who bas been doin oor
work tn the featherweight division of late, Is aes Gk
# challenge to meet Terry McGovern at 122 pounds.

Kid Carter and Geor, te Gardner of Lowell have
agreed to fight again he pair will clash tor twenty
rounds at the Greenwood A, C. inside of three weeks,

Marty MeCue has been matched to bo flee
rounds with Jack Smith at the National A. e firecn
lyn, on next Priday night. Smith hails from Brook-

yn.

Sam Fitzpatrick yesterday matehed Bill Har
of the New West Side A. C. to meet Tommy Wesenee
25 round contest at the club offering the largest
purse

The Greenwood A

©. has arranged «a 20-round

contest between Henry Lyons of Chicago and Joe |

Catn of Brooklyn for next Saturday night.
fight at 126 pounds,

Matty Matthews and Eddie Connoily are slated to
& twenty-five rounds at the Sea Side Sporting Club
night The pair have met three times. The first
we mile wore Crewe and 2 4 one one Matthews
eturn ¢ winner. ere Ww preiimi-
Bary bout of twelve rounds, wo

They will |

  
  

 

Flandrau &Co,

CARRIAGE BUILDERS,

872, 374, 376 BROOME sr.

Just east of Broadway. 2d, Sdand sth Av &
4th Av. electrics pass door, atGrand St
TOWN CARRIAGES
Of every style, in Paneled and Open, Half To)
Canopy, Extension Leather or English Umbreilg
Tops, Iiciuding every variety of
DRIVING VEHICLES
For Single, Palr, Tandem, and Pour tn Hand
SUBURBAN CARRIAGES
For Station, Road, or Sporting Work: for Single

Pair, Tandem, and Four dn iland, tociuding basket
and Paneled Vehicles of Every Pattern,

Forming the Largest and Most Comprehensive
Stock in America, of the Highest Quality,
PONY VEHICLES, 2 &4 WHEELS, PANELED ®
BASKET, PAINTED & NATURAL Woo

Some Second Hand, Nearly All Styles,

HANDSOME AND ATTRACTIVE STYLISH
cob: prize winner; been ridden and driven by
owner's ‘alte: price, $150; also nearly new rubber tire
runabout, Brewster brougham and victoria, Wald |
trap (seats two or four); family surrey, @1g cari,
coupe; Rockaway and speeding wagon. lmported rid:
ing saddles; harness; robes, &e., at less than quarter
value. Inquire M. C., private Stable, noriheast cor
ner Madison ay. and 27th st.

a Sportsman's Goods, .
Standard—Reliable

Columbia Chainless $75
Columbia wor. $50
Hartford raters» $356
Stormer patterns s;-10 $35
Pennant Patterns 31-32 $25

Every model and style in stock, with most
improved and uptodate equipment A
few second-hand chainless . . .

Columbia Headquarters

For 17 Years at

12 Warren Street.

P™ RIDE 50 MILES
VEDAL ONLY 3d |

 

— —

   
     
  
      
 

All Dealers, Made By
BICYCLE CO. BLMIRANY.

    
  

FITTINGS. PLEASURE BOATS,
YACHT TENDERS, ETC STORB FULL
OF BOATS AT 20 CORTLANDT ST.

Henry C Squires & Son

     
    
   

 

The Tur,

“ BROOKLYN JOCKEY CLUB RACES.

Six Races To-day at 2.30 P. M.
Trains via Long Island R. RK, leave F. 34th st,
N.Y., at 12:40 (1:00 parlor cars), 1:10, 1 40 P.M
LEAVE PARK ROW, N. Y., via Brookiyn Bridge
and Sth Ave. Brooklyn “L" every 10 minutes. bx-
ress stopping at City Hall, Flatbush Ave, and #th
St stations only.

      

  

RULES FOR PARIS SPORTS,

Americans at a Disadvantage in Several of
the Events,

In instructions issued yesterday to the ath-
letes who will compete at Paris, A. G. Spalding
dispelled many doubts as to the character and
method of conducting some of the field events
at the international games, The contests der-
ignated in the official programme as weight
throwing will consist of putting the 16>
pound shot, throwing the 16é-pound hammer
and throwing the diseus, In the hammer
contest it is stipulated that any kind of handea
may be used so that Americans will not be de.
barred from using the loop handle, which lad
contributed considerably to the record-breah-
ing feats in this line during recent years. Ihe
stead of putting the shot from a reven-foct
cirele, asin American contests, the competitors
at Paris will have to put from a seven-rort
Square and the measurement will be takes
from the first break in the ground made b
the shot, direct to the putting line f
the square, or in case the shot has heen deliv

ered at an angle, toa prolongation of the pile
ting line, This provision is detrimental to
McCracken of the University of Penneyivaria,
who puts the shoton the bias, and whey a
a great deal by the adoption of the brigieh

method of measurement RK. Sheldon, the Aner
jean champion, is not likely. to he seri -
convyernenced as one of the best performances
withthe shot was madein theFnglishcharnnior

ships when he lodged it within ten inches of
the winning potof Horgan, the world’= record
holder, The discus will also be thrown from @&
square instead of a ring

The pole vaulting also will be conducted
under English rules, which allow prongs atthe
end of the pole by whieh an athlete can keep
the pole steady while he elimbes further uy The
advantage to the Bnlishmen is more nonena

than real as evidenced by the performances
} made in recent years by Americanatiletes, wo
kince climbing Was prohibited have perfected
the style of clean vaulting
Mr. Spalding says that the handicapping ™
vrobably be conducted by the offferals oft
| nion dea Sociéties Francaise de Sports
Jetiques, under whose rules all compel!
will take place,

Conditions Under Which McGovern Will Fight
Erne.

The defi from Frank Erne to meet Terry
MeGovern at 128 pound, is not likely ty be ace
cepted Meiovern's manager, Sam Harna
does not care to let his protege fight the be
weight champion at a greater weight than 129
pounds, Ina letter to THE Stn Jtarris .

In reply to Frank Frne’s challenge to mert Terry
McGovern at }28 pounds at the ringside, wi! y
,

At

es se

l

that Erne makes A wrong statement when he s#)
Terry made remarks thathe could lick bim, It 9
Mr firne who stated that he could defeat Terr

side of ten rounds, and I accepted the ehaieng
Hut Erne did not seem too anxious to keep us ‘
end of {t Now that Erne has declared bimoelf
anxious for a chance at MeGovern, he can have {4s
soon as he desires to, ff he will make the weigut | 24

pornds, ringside, Instead of 124 pounds. SI “
consent to this, | will meet bim anywhere he wane
me to and bring my fountain pen with me, likew!>®
my bank roll, and will wager him any partof $

on the result. ff the match is made, | will agree '?
divide the money, 75 per cent tw the winner apd ~?
per cent. tothe loser, or J will agree that the winuel

take all,

 

Fitzsimmons Was 38 Years Old Yesterday.

Bob Fitzsimmons, who ts training at Bergea
Beach for his contest with Gus Rublin, did not
do much work yesterday. It was his thirtys
eighth birthday, he having been born on June 4
1862, at Elston, Cornwall, England. Fitz r-
ceived many congratulations and War 4
cheertul spirits allday In regard to eondinon
the former champion is all that could be des
sired) Ruhlin is quartered at Lakewood, whed

Jim Corbett did his work for his mill with 4

Jeffries. While the betting is not very viceor

considerable money has been invested on the

result. Fitz isetill a 2 tol favorite.
Guthrie Wins a Cap.

C,8. Guthrie of the Carteret Gun Cinb won 4
member's challenge cup at the London Gin
Club traps on May 19. The cup was worth $09

| and was added to a sweepstakes of $25 att

| birds, thirty yards rise. Guthrie killed 4

and in addition to the cup won $22

i} Inthe next shoot, a $15 handicap swe tawea

| with a $125 cup added, Guthrie was fifth with @
kills He took part in two other events on that
day, but dropped out early in every shoot

At the Hurlingham Club on May 21 be was
second ip 4@ cup shoot with 4 kills outel &
@hooting from the 28-yard mark.

| atralght