‘

/

/

   

 

 

FIGHER SCIENCE OF POKER.
wire a a

points
‘ MATICS
n That Holds Tree Even Whea
4 Is Dealing-Intricactes of
the Game Ilustrated by the Hand of Billy
Ameden, Who Got Hts Fourth Jack.
prised a Scientific Pokerist,
xpert, a Natural Poker Player
A Scientific Pokerist is one
who plays his hands according to the eternal
laws of mathematics. A Common Poker Ex-

rt is one who believes there is more in the
oe than the exact sciences have dreamed
of. A Natural Poker Player is one whose style
of play !s partly the result of momentary in-
tuitions. A ram one who wants to know,

whose age it fs. j

a Scientific Pokerlst was demonstrating
the theory of poker chances as an {mmutable
basis of play

“These chaps who give you @ poker propo-
gition,” he was saying, “in which all signs
point to one conclusion, and, after you have
analyzed it according to the rule of mathe-
matical probabillty, show you that under the
circumstances you would have done the worst
possible thing, make a scientific player amile.
For instance: If 1 am ina five-handed game
and find myself after the draw with a king-
high straight flush of diamonds, what would
This {8 an extreme example, under-

a Propositio
Brick MeCur

The group com
acommon Poker E
and a Pokerina.

1 do?
stand, to show the absurdity of the thing. As
a scientific player of the game I would com-

pute that there were only three possible handa
that could beat me, and that the fraction of
risk was so small that for practical purposes
it should be disregarded altogether. Conse-
quently I'd back the hand to my last chip.”

‘But hold on,” says the critic, “l was ona
Mississippi steamboat, back in the 60s, when
@ Wealthy plantation owner held just such @
hand, and lost his piantasos on it against
& roval flush of hearts.”’ And he thinks he's
exploded what he calls the folly of the higher

seeutile game

He hasn't done anything of the kind. He
has merely Lit upon the infinitesimal odd
chance. | was perfectly sound in backing
my king-high straight flush to a finish, win
oriose. Selentific poker doesn’t gretens to win
every Lacd, as any fool knows if he will stop to
think. [t merely offers you a certainty of win-
ning the greatest possible number of hands, and
in the long run of carrying home every cent
in a crowd of players unacquainted with the
higher science of the game.¥
nstance,” sald the Natural Poker Player,
, nd of mine once stayed ina jack poton
tur acks, in @ nice, stiff little game, and
caught anotheronthe draw. Now, whatought
heto have done with those four jaoka, accord-
ing to the laws of exact poker science?”

‘The theory of probability--" began the
Beientitic Pokerisg. so

“Holdon a minute,” tnterrupted the Natural
Poker Player, “perhaps I'd better tell you the
story from the beginning. This friend of mine
was young Billy Amaden of Milwaukee, son of
Senator Amsden, you know. Billy was about
2h at the time, and¢hought he had @ vague idea
ortwo about the national game. He was spend-

nga few weeks at a big summer hotel up on
lake Michigan. Oneafternoonhestruck up an
ce with another guest at the hotel,
military-looking, elderly chap, who in-
duced himself aa Col Saylor of New York.
When Billy told who he wag the Colonel was de-
lighted. Heknew Billy's father well. So they
went back to the hotel and opened a smail
boule. [the Colonel explained that he had
sh pped his steam yacht to the lakes, and that it
was then in Chicago undergoing repairs, after
which it was coming ong to pick him up,

The next few'days Billy and the Colonel
saw one another frequently. The Colonel was
a very interesting man. Billy had been abroad
coce for asummer, but the Colonel apparently
knew Europe by the inch from Christiania to
Monte Carlo. Apropos of the latter place, the
Colonel happened to ask Billy whether he ever
took a hand at poker. Billy admitted that he
did, that, as a matter of truth, he had for some
time past been yearning for alittlegame. The
Colonel sald he thought he could arrange it.
There were several a at the hotel,
friends of his, who he believed occasionally sat
into a quiet game. \

“The game was arranged for that night,
Billy, the Colonel and three others, $25 limit.
Nothing happened for the first hand or two.
Then the Colonel won a $75 pet. Then, after
twoor three more lean hands, there wasa jack
pot which was sweetened twice, after which the
man on Billy's left opened it forthe limit. The
nextmandroppedout. Thenext, who wasthe
Colonel, and dealing, stayed. The next man
also passed out, and Rilly staved, on three
Jacks. The opener took one card, the Colonel
tooktwo Billy caught his fourth Jack

“Now what I want to find out, as a proposi-
tion in the higher science of the game,” con-
eluded the Natural Poker Player, “is what
Billy should have done with those four jacks,”

‘That's not a dificult question,” aald the
Scientific Pokerist. “Theoretically there are
twenty-seven better hands wae your friend's
four jacks, Practically, considering the cir-
eumstances of the draw, he would be warranted
in backing his hand to the extent of the money
he could afford to lose, The odds on his win-
ning would not be so great as though he held
a straight flush, for instance, but they would
be suffcientiy large to justify him in taking
onal] he could,”

The Natural Poker Player turned to the Com-
mon Poker Expert. The latter shut his eyes
to slits and rubbed his chin,

“I'L pass for the present,” he said.

The Pokerina regarded the Common Poker
Expert with amazement,

“Any fool knows,” said the Pokerina, “that
with four queens Jacks, | mean--it’a up to you
to go broke or clean out the crowd."

“What did your friend Billy do?” asked the
( en P her Expert Pok

dilly.” said the Natural Poker Player, “hesi-
tated. Then he decided to drop out
What'" demanded the Scientific Pokerist
and the Pokerina tp chorus

“It was this way,” continued the Natural
Poker Player. "The Colonel, as I eaid. waa

 

e

       

 
 
 
 

 

   
 

  

  

dealing. Well, there was some insignificant
little thing ppened during that deal. |
don't remember now what it was, In fact,

I'm not sure that Billy was ever able to say
Pxactiy what it waa—a fleeting expression in
the Colonel's eye, perhaps, or a half-made move-
iment of the hand. Anyway, being ina poker
me. it jarred Billy just a trifle. And by the
time he had caught his fourth jack, he'd done
“uMetent thinking to be silghtly more than
abit suspicious of being up against it,”

The Scientific Pokerist looked annored,

“You didn’t state the case fairly,” he said.
“No sort of sclence holds good against fraud.
Of course your friend dropped out unless he
was a foal.”

 

 

“It doesn't need science,” suggested the
Pokerina, “to tell a man to cut loose from a
crooked game.”

“The point of the atory,” continued the Nat-
ira, Poker Player, “is that my friend didn’t

ir
oy 0 ut

The Common Poker Expert looked thoughtful.
_ “That scarcely affects the matter,” said the
Sclentitic Pokerist. “Whether he dropped out
or staid {n and dropped his pile has a bearing

nly on the young man’s mental capacity =
potio® much did they charge him?” asked the
ina

He kept raising the table the limit
they called him.” sald the Natural Poker ye

“and he won about $900, *
He was fortunate,” said the 8 ‘ontifie Poker-
ker”
itural Poker

Ist, “but of course it wasn't py
rn Roy po one, sald the
yer, “He said it w d i
iio * orked out on sclentific
The Scientific Pokerist smiled wearil
pris t,” said the Pokerina ey
“Therw * nothing to spring,” said the Natural
oke I iyer, “As goon as Billy felt those
pu f suspicion he dectded, as I said, to
trop it on the spot. But just then another
dea struc k him. You remember there had been
a few hands played, and no betting to
nttoanything. Well, the idea that struck
was this: Granted he was up against a
A , kod deal, Was it the part of common-sense
five hig those four jacks so early in the
, Wouldn't it be ‘an extremely agri-
U sort of confidence man that would do
of the kind? Wouldn't they naturally
won smaller hands until he had loa!
d dollars, and got warmed Up, aed
non some such thing as four jacks
na e? How, then, was he to explain
; Ube re was just one logical deduc-
be could find, namely, that hie three
pe 8S Sac been fixed for him, but that. the
orth % AS an acc ident. As 1 said, he won $000
aa ald ive won $9,000 if he hadn't been
ie i she Colonel had three kings, and the
a TAN aces up.
that Billy had a sudden attac
; that | ! ack of head-
vd had toretire. And the next ahoreces
. olonel invited him to another seance
ht he had suddenly lost all interest in

a

 

    
 
  
  
 
  

   

   
 

‘hat

the

neg
ar

d's nt I'm trying to get at is that there
‘and which the rules of exact mathe-

 

certain ® — Science say should be played in a
Way, and Won out hem da maxed it in just that
) trathen on Out handsomely, But tt wasn't

the mathematical actentifi

“d n clentific sort of poker, be
ca use the mathematical scientific player would
the poown the hand down before he reached
t whore Billy decided to back it. It is
at “ere § @ part of the poker sea that

‘ule pokerists haven't sounded yet?”
amon Poker Eapert gathered up an
justache and put it into one corner

Scientia Poke, wasn't poker at all,” said the
YoU sure?" asked the Natural Poker

ot Because later I heard an opinion
rt, something to the contrary
|

  
 

     

Twas in Chic,
‘ ag9 with Billy the following fal
ne Night we ran into a fine-b der
ty standing in front of sae at Chiaaecl

Whim and ang celés. Billy went straight ap

“He did 8ylor. I'm glad to ,
Bai" bse od ere ‘Billy at ‘ira, bat when
- cf poser game e tedgin
ute, and asked us in to have a drink. We

and one n

———
a
$$

‘ore,

gh Weal atta une ag the Fringe of Canes
> no t t. /

with him for feo huure of Gavan nflemen.

bad been in, or behind, or u
against, every kind of poker game on recor
But he said Billy’s handling of those four jacks
ad been the nerviest, cleverest piece of poker
play. he had ever seen.
“Nevertheless——" began the Scientific
Pout at thie tthe Pokert ed
jut a moment the Pokerina created a
diversion by asking the rest of them what they
would have.

BOSTON AND ALBANY LEASR.
The Legislative Committee Expected te Vote
in Favor of It To-day.

Boston, June 4.--The Legislative Com-
mittee on Railroads is practically ready to
report in favor of the ratification of the leases
of the Baston and Albany Railroad to the New
York Centyal. The committee sat for two
and a half jours this morning and then ad-
journed without taking a vote upon the main
proposition-of the lease. The members will

meet again to-morrow morning when a vote
is expected. It would have been taken to-
day, but it will be necessary to consult the
Attorney-General upon two matters, one re-
ating to technical points and the other as
to whether the amendinenta qopted shall
be incorporated in the bill or be made part
of the contract.

The actual business of the committee this
morning was the adoption of an amendment
requiring the New York Central, in the event
of the lease, to expend $2,500,000 for the im-
provement of terminal facilities in ton
farbor. The committee voted also that $500,000
of the full sum should be expended for double
pages from Cottage Farm to the terminus
n Boston,

The committee has already voted to reject the
amendments of R. M. Morse and A. Pillsbury
relating to the disposition of the surplus net
earnings above 8 cent., and has accepted
amendments providing for separation
accounts of the Al and the Central, and
the filing of returns of the Albany business with
the Massachusetta Railroad mmasioners,
and prohibiting discrimination against Boston
in freight rates west of Albany.

It js thought that the vote upon
preenees, toemorrow will be 11 to 4 or
n favor of the lease.

 

 

the main
12 to 8

 

RULES FOR CUBAN TEACHERS.

 

A Pamphlet Prepared Under Gen, Wood's DL
rection Regarding Their Visit Here.

Boston, June 4.—-By order of Gen, Wood,
Military Governor of Cuba, a pamphlet has
been isaued for the guidance of the Cuban
teachers who are coming to the Harvard Bum-
mer School. It is printed in both English and
Spanish.

Tne teachers will be organized into groups
before leaving the island, and each group will
be in charge of an Encargada or chaperon.
During the summer the same salaries
will be paid to the teachers that they

would receive if they remainedin Cuba. An
emergency fund will be formed by individual
subscription to meet incidental expenses, but
in no case willa teacher be allowed to contrib-
ute more than $10 s
The pamphlet contains minute direction
arding suitable clothing for the trip, an
advises the teachers to purchase nothing
which cannot be worn upon their return to
Cuba. Medical service will be provided and
both native and American doctors will be
en .

Wo Derson will be allowed to leave Cuba with-
outa certificate of good health. which can be
obtained only on condition that the applican
shall be vaccinated by a physician appointe
for that purpose, except in cases where proof
of previous vaccination can be shown.

The Post Office Department at Washington
has authorized Postmaster Hibbard to emplo
a Spanish interpreter for the Cambridge brane
office during the six weeks the teachers are at
Harvard.

DEATH IN

Hackensack Youth Said to Have Gota Fatal
Disease in That Way.

It is said that the death of William Culver
Mearns in the Flower Hoepital a few days ago
was due toa parasitica) affection of the liver,
which has been traced tothe kiss of @ pet dog.
Mearns was a young man and lived {n Hacken-
sack. The dog was a collie and belonged to his
father, W HD. Mearns. The disease, accord-
ing to the story which is related about it, was
contracted about four yearsago. Dr. T. F
Hull by the use of the X rays gotaclue tothe
cause of the young man’s sufferings, which for
two years had been intense Mearns was
brought to the Flower Hospital inthis eity and,
it is understood, was operaied on by Dr W.
Tod Helmuth. The malady is deacribed as rare
and almost alwaysfatal Dr Helmuth could
not be found by a SUN reporter last night

A DOG'S KISS,

 

SHAVEN SLEUTH A MAN TRAP.
Peters Looked so Easy Without a Mustache
That a Thief Grabbed for His Watch.

Detective Peters of the Eldridge street sta-
tion who recently helped to catch three
burglars by disguising himself as a baker and
was so enabled to arrest some thieves, changed
his appearance again last night and shaved off
his mustache because he thought that

haps the crooks of the precinct had
\earned to know him. While he stood in a
crowd at Division street and the Bowery liaten-
ing toa hand organ, soon afterward, he felt a
tug at bis watch chain and grabbed the hand
of the tugger just as he was about to twist the
watch from thechain. The thief said at the
police station before they locked him up that he
was James Callahan, a printer of 1 reene
avenue, Brooklyn.

 

 

OBITUARY.

John P. Marquand, for many years head of
the New York house of Blake Bros. & Co., bank-
ers, of New York and Boston, died yesterday
morning at his home, 311 Lexington avenue.
He had been tn failing health since last De-
cember. He was born in Newburyport, Mass.,
Oct. 16, 1881, and started business in the em-
ploy of Thomas Wigglesworth, a Boston com-
mission merchant. or a time he was in the
cotton business in Boston. In 1872 he. re-
newed a former connection with Blake Bros
and in 1878 came to fheir New York office. Later
be was taken into the firm and became the senior
partner here. Marquand was marri
twice. His first wife was Miss Laura Wo«
of Newburyport and his second wife Miss Mar-
garet Curzon of the same place. She died
two years ago. Three daughters and one
gon survive him. Mr. Marquand was a mem-
ber of the Union League and Calumet clubs,
the America, G raphical Association, the
New Englan ety, and the Downtown
Association. He had a summer home, “Artt
choke Mill,” near Newburyport.

Gen. Silas Wright Hastings, late Colonel of
the 142d New York Volunteer Infantry, died
in Washington on Sunday night as the reeult
of acold contracted,at the funeral of Gen. Law-
ton, which resulted in grip. Gen. Hastings
was born in Franklin ocunty, N. Y., April 30,
1846. He enlisted In a New York regiment in
1842 at the age of 16 years and was gradually
promoted until he became Colonel of the reat
ment. He took part in numerous battles, and
in one engagement was badly wounded in the
shoulder. The title of Brevet Brigadier-Gen-
eral was conferred upon him for conspicuous
bravery during the Civil War. At ils close
he returned to his native county and later re-

oved to California, where he remained until
ne came to thia city in 1889, at which time he
became agent for the Consolidation Coal Com-

any, for which he was general agent at the
Sind of hia death. He is survived by his wife
and four children.

Mra. Cornelia Cooper Taylor, wife of Andrew
L. Taylor, died suddenly yesterday morning of
heart failure at her home, 115 Montague street,
Brooklyn. She had been out driving with her
husband on Sunday, She had long been inter-
cated in Episcopal Church affairs in the Brook-
lyn diocese, and was chairman of the Orphan-
age Committtee of the Church Charity Foun.
dation. She wasamember of the Society of
Colonial Daughters of the Seventeenth Cen-
tury. Her only son isthe Rev, Malcom Taylor
of Stamford, Conn

Mrs. Harriet L. Pease, wife of Capt, John A,
Pease of the Grand Republic, died suddenly of
heart failure early on Sunday morning on boar
the ateamer, while it lay at the Erie Basin.
She had accompanied her husband on a church
excursion up the Hudson on Saturday, and was
taken ill on the return trip. She was in her
sixty-sixth year and had Been married forty
years, She was aboard the Grand Republic
with her husband at the launching in 1#77.

Lewis Howell, President of the National
Bank of New Jersey at New Brunswick, died at
his home at East Millstone on Sunday, aged 81
years, He was one of the original stockholders
of hia bank and director of many local institu-
tions, Mr, Howell mage per’ of hisfortuneasa
member of the firm of Howell, Martin & Co.,
wholesale coal dealera, at 111 Broadway. He
was also in the lumber business in New Bruns
wick for a number of ypars

Daniel D Earl, a bupiness man of this city
for many years, died ; terday at his home in

 

Pleasantville, N. Y. was & member of the
Mechanics and Tradesmen's Sooty and a
member of the Board of Managers of the Ameri-

can Institute. The funeral will be on Thurs-

day
Col. John Wister, President of the Duncannon
Iron Company and identified with many im-
t enterprises in Peonsylvania, d yes-

erday in his 7ist year at hia. He
established the Wister furnace in Harrisburg

in 1867 operated it until 1680

 
  

wre | POSSE GUARDS ST.

THE

    

LOUIS,

ORDERED TO SHOOT WHEN NECES.
SARY TO STOP RIOTING,

 

Strikers Shoot a Workman Who Was Repairing
a Trolley Wire—Women Beaters Trapped
—Committee of Strikers at Work on a
New Proposition for a Settlement

St. Lovis, Mo., June4.—At the end of the
fourth week of the street car strike St. Louis is
taking on the appearance of 4 beleaguered town,
Armed men, marching and countermarching,
are met everywhere. ‘The posse of citizens has
been distributed among the various power
houses, a large force being held in reserve at
the barracks on Washington avenue. The
Sheriff continues to press into service all classes
of people, and has one full regiment under arms
and guns on hand sufficient to equip a second
one.
Among the Instructions issued to-day by Col.
Cavender, commander of the posse, was the fol-

lowing:
“In quelling any riot or disturbance and tn

dispersing any unlawful and threatening as-
semblage of persons, you will use your utmost

endeavor to arrest the ring leaders and insti-
gators, turning them over to the police for in-
carceration. You will use only the necessary
force in the performance.o! such duty, but will
meet violence with violence; and, if fired upon,
you are expected, with due regard for the
oatety, of innocent bystanders, to make sure
H t the criminals reach he jail or the Morgue,

necessary.’
To-day Kitorney Guernza, Lieutenant in a
company stationed at the Southern Electric

right side and another in his thigh. His wounds
= rep ws t to catch the women beaters
rap was se cl e WO!
to-day. Betecuve Williame was detailed to es-
cort the 18-year-old daughter of Police aaa
Kintzing on a transit car to Twelfth street an
Geyer avenue, where a squad of police in plain
clothes were stationed. As the couple alighted
they were attacked by a mob com of men,
women and children, the police swooped down
upon them, using their batons freely, with the
result that there are scores of broken heads in
that section of the city, No attempt was made
to arrest any of the mob,
Former Gov, Stone and the committee of the
strikers ware in session all afternoon formulat-
ing @ modified proposition to submit to the
ower officials. The basis of the agreement
as not been made public, nor will i until
placed before President Whitaker. Cars were
perated as usual during the daytime, but all
turned in at 6:30 o'clock to-night.

 

PAINTERS BEGGING WAGES DUBE.

 

Sub-Contractor Who Employed Them Missiog
—Wife of One Assaults the Contractor.

Charless M. Rosenthal, a contractor, of 183
West 120th street, went home lastevening and
found a woman nursing a baby on his door-
step. The woman was Mrs. Robert Prince,
wife of a painter of 04 Attorney street, and her
husband was standing on the corner waiting
for Mr. Rosenthal, but had missed him. When
Mr. Rosenthal mounted the steps the woman
put down her baby and threw her arms around
Mr. Rosenthal’s neck and begged him to pay
her husband the money she said he owed him.
Rosenthal is building an apartunent house
at Columbus avenue and 107th street and em-
loyed Henry Moss as & sub-contractor to do
he painu Prince worked for Moss, On
Saturday “fir. Rosenthal) gave Moss $450,
he says, to pay his painters. Moss, according
to Rosenthal, has not been around since, but
Moss's employees have been annoying D-
thal, beseeching him to glve therm their money,
and going to his house to get at bim as Prince
and his wife did.
Rosenthal explained to the wo! that he
had paid Moss and was not responsible for the
wages owing her husband, and @ie woman
thereupon struck bim with her fists. Rosen-
thal ran into the house, shut the door and sent
a servant for a policeman. When Policeman
Maloney came to the house Prince was also
there and Mr. Rosenthal demanded that both
he and his wat be arrested, but at the station
Rosenthal said he did not care to press a charge
if the Princes would cease annoying him. They
promised and were discharged. Mr. Rosen-
thal then gave the womna 82.
Mr. Rosenthal says that Moss told him he
pected to be married soon. Moss's place
usiness ia at 1252 Third avenue. His house
address Mr. Rosenthal did not know.

BAKERS STRIKE IN KANSAS CITY.

ex
of

City’s Bread Supply Cut Shori—The Six

Largest Bakeries Closed.
Kansas City, Mo, June ¢—About one
hurdred union bakers, employed in «lx of the
largest bakeries in the city, went on 4 strike on
Sunday. The total capacity of these bakeries
fs about 50,000 lanaves of bread per day, and
the boss bakers say that for @ few daysat
least, many people will have to go without
bread.
On May 15 the bakers’ union prepared a new
agreement, but the boss bakers refused to
sign it. The agreement provided for a uniform
work day of ten hours and also provided that
the union should not be hampered in agitating
the use of the union label on all bread. The
men eay that the six bakeries affected by the
strike have combined in an effort to break up
the union
At labor headquarters it was stated that the
big bakeries intended to get bread from a 8t.
Louls firm which employs non-union help
Twenty-two small pakeries have signed the
new agreement, but they cannot supply the de-
mand. Many grocery stores, and Prine! pally
the ‘arge ones, did not have a single loaf of
bread for the Monday morning trade and hun-
dreds of people had to do without tt.

Want Carpenters to Abolish the Half Holiday.

By Invitation of the Master Carpenters’ Asso-
ciation a committee of the United Brotherhood
of Carpenters and Joiners met a committee of
the association last night in the Townsend
Building, Broadway and Twenty-fifth street.
The principal question before the committees
was the Saturday half holiday, which the em-
plovers wanted to have snapended or abolished
onanumber of downtown office buildings, in
order that repairs might be made on Saturday
afternoon when most of the tenants are out.
The pmpio ers are willing to pay double rates
for the half holiday

The representatives of the union were willin
to make the change, but said the matter weeld
have to be submited to the unions before it
could go intoeffect.

De Leonite Insalt to Visiting Kangaroos,

Comrade Robert McKeown of Pittsfleld,
Mass., presided at yesterday's session of the
convention of the De Leon faction of the So-
clalist Labor party at Grand Central Palace.
Business was proceeding in a drowsy fashion
until Comrade Schulberg suddenly said in a
joud voice: "I move that the Kangaroos
Debsites, who are present as visitors be mo and
to take the rear of the hall.”’
A discussion followed, and several stalwart
Kangaroos, as the Volks Zeitung faction of the
Socialiats is called, settled themselves Armly in
their chairs. To have attempted to move them
to the back of the hail, against their will, would
have precipitated afight, and the motion was
not carried.

 

Bell Telephone Linemen on Strike,

RocHester, June 4--Forty linemen em-
ployed by the Bell Telephone Company of
Buffalo are out on astrike in this city. The
men are around the city making trouble for
the new employees whenever they can. Forty
new linemen engaged in Lockport, Gasport
and Sandburn came here to-day to take the
place of the strikers. They are quartered at
te Driving vase ‘tog Miners want $2504
ay, time and a 1 or evert

double pay for Sunday work me and

 

Zinc Miners Strike Against Cat in Wages.

Jopiiy, Mo, June 4.--One hundred zine min-
ers from the Gaddis, Little Circle, Big Circle and

Oronogo mines struck to-day against a 15 per
cent. cut in wages which the operators say is
neces#ary Of account of the low prices of ore.
Miners’ wages all over the Missouri Kansas gino
and lead region are being reduced, and it is
feared that a big strike will be on in afew days.

A Strike for Nine Hours.

KINOSTON, N. Y., June 4,—This afternoon 300
employees at the Peckham Motor Truck and
Wheel Works here quit work because their de-
mand for nine hours’ work was refused. They
also asked for the discharge of a time keeper.
The works are rushed with orders for car trucks
from various parts of the globe.

 

 

Rumors of a Big Railroad Combine.

Drs) MOINES, la., June 4.—There, is a strong
rumor here that President Stickney has organ-
ized a combine of the Great Western, Baltimore
and Ohio, Great Northern and and

tisbur
Gull to operate as one
and Obio and Great Ween" ihe Baitimore

officials recent!
mage wainens ieee of the Haajavele
r man
deal has been wade ast the

sclaciarapilinauimasisiaca peal asplnteateaeseceiacae dient adaai vaseteseea eckocaalglanaeae ed dar op ctbcciaaihes aie esa eauiidonde asaseaingcikare ai aiadaskarinien
es ee et ae sec eee Ep ep ene aecic ncecdornaees ease BADGERS ELSE ee
~~ cvamanhiinransceaaaeasoetersteinsesinateaimantaitinasiindsiatienieaenininanannan cman
4

ae a ih li Ad ihe

SUN, TUESDAY, JUNE 5, 1900.

WEARFISH HAVE ABRIVED.
———e

Notes of Fish aad Fishing in the Lower

Nay.

Weakfish, reported in several localities here-
abouts, have at last arrived in the lower bay.
As usual, the well-known fishing ground, Great
Kill,s has the honor of the first catches. Whether
this is to be attributed to the quantities and
appetite of the fish or to the number and skill
of the fishermen is a Question that must be left
to be debated by the learned tn the bait. “Red
Cap.” the nickname of the modern record
breeker for ‘pat ence in the waters of the kills,
8 out at 8 o'clock on last Sunday morn-
ing and returned at 4 in the afternoon with
eight handsome squeteague on a string, He
wasthe prinoe for an hour, after which he be-
came heartbroken on the arrival of another
fisherman with a string of nine.

wo notoriously impatient anglers, who
believe in fast fishing only, rowed across the
kills to Jimmy Astin's Point to capture “fid-
diers,” or “soldier crabs,” for bait for big black-
h atthe Romer, They had placed no confi-
ence in the kaffirgram, or hotelegram, re-
rts of the arrival of their favorite game fish,
@ sea trout. So they invaded the camps
of the “soldiers” and made a few hundred
prisoners, intending to put them in servitude
at the old pionument on the following day.
But when they landed and saw the weakfish
they abandoned the project and liberated

all thei r
myles yy in favor of “fiddlers.”

The “A upunes * 7 r crab” js not only a
* or” “solde! % ¥
| t Tor shee and_ blackfish, but

choice bait for sheepshead

is the most law-abiding and chivalrous of
crabs. fle always respects the rights of his
Neighbors and never attempts to enter, unin-
vited, the home of any other fiddler, And
when, on rare occasions, he gets into a fight,

does the trick to the best of his ability, It
conaists jn breaking off the other fellows claw.

ower house, accidentally shot a non-union his done, he acorns to take advantage of his
Soaductor, Thomaa MoCannor a Transit Com- | foe scondition of Infertori ty andsimply watches
pany lineman, who came here from Milwaukee, | him hobbli back to his home, where the
was shot while repairing a wire at Kossuth and | wounded “soldier” fore ns until a brand new
Pleasanton streets, one bullet jodging in his | Claw grows with which he may be Pe sat:

new the combat on even terms. A
ermen like to wapch 8 adler hah.

There are white fiddlers and black fiddlers,
The former are called china-backs and the lat-
ter niggers. The black and white races do not
dwell together in peace and harmony. They
live {n separate communes or reservations.
The china-backs stick to the sandy spots, while
the niggers frequent the muddy places. As a
rule, the fishermen prefer the china-backs,
but the fish, as another rule, prefer the niggers.
Tho colored “soldiers” are harder to capture,
and they are mote pugnacious and probably
more chivalrous than their white trash fra-
ternity, At all events, with the arrival of the
weakisb. interest in the “soldiers” must cease
until the fall.

SD
MUTINY AMONG THE ANCIENTS.

 

Half of Boston’s Famous Warriors Refuse to
Ture Oat on Parade.

Boston, June 4—This was Ancient Day
{n Boston, the 262d anniversary of the organi-
vation of the Ancient and Honorable Artillery
Company. The members paraded with sadly
depleted ranks. Out of a total enrolled mem-
bership of about six hundred and fifty just about
half that number turned out at reveille and
assisted in making the gorgeous show win-
dows pale beside their brilliant hued uniforms
and sparkling gold lace.

It was recognized by the spectators that the
absence of the others was due to something
more than the ordinary excuse, but it was not
until the organization marched to the com-
mon, alter partabing of asumptuous banquet
in Faneut! Hall and listening to eulogistic re-
marks, that the secret came out. In conver-
fation With THE SUN reporter, while Gov.
Crane was reviewing the organization on the
old parade grounds, a member wearing civil-
ian’s clothes said: ’

“The reason | am not in line with the boys to-
day is because I do not like the administration.
What's the good of belonging to a military =

ganization anyway, unless the comn :
the

enforces military regulations, end compe
members to live up to them? :

“Look at that. Doesn't that exhibition show
you there have been no drills?” continued the
disgruntled member, pointing to the last three
or four companies who marched past Gov.
Crane in review without lowering their sabres
from the shoulder in salute, “That's we you
t by electing a civilian as commander ust
show him that we wouldn't stand for such
work, a lot of us refused to turn out in untform
to-day, although we did £° down to the ban-
quet,’ and the Ancient turned away in dis-

ist.
ora fter the review and drumhead, election,
Capt. Edward P. Cramm wasedivested of his
halberd and gorget by Adjutant-General Bol-
ton and the ceremony of conferring them upon
Lieut.-Col, Alexander M. Ferris, the new com-

mander, followed.

BURIAL COMPANY IN TROUBLE?

 

 

Committee of Creditors Looking Into the
Stephen Merritt Concern’s Finances,

At a recent meeting of the creditors of the
Stephen Merritt Burial and Cremation Com-
pany of 171 Eighth avenue & committee of
five was appointed to Investigate the companys
financial affaira and John R. Post, of the New
York and Brooklyn Casket Company was made
secretary of the committee, An attachment
was put on the property of the company on
May 24, by Cecil B. Giles, who held the com-
pany’s note for $201. At the creditors’ meet-
ing it was stated that the nominal assets of
the concern were $229,838 and the liabilities,
“Among the company's creditors are the
Morgan Silver Plate Company of Winsted,
Conn., and John L. Hamilton, the Secretary -
Treasurer of the concern. In an article printed
in Sunnyside, an undertakers publication,
vesterday, it was stated that there was trouble
tween Mr. Hamilton who draws no salary,
and the President, the Rey. Stephen Merritt,
who it was said, draws $4,000 a year. Assist-
ant Manager Carroll of the Cremation Com-
pany said last night that the company w
bir ht financially and that ite affairs would
soon be straightened out.

deal of money on

said Mr. Carroll

“We have spent a great
our new establishment,”

“and cannot pay everything to everybody
onthe xame day. The committee of the credit-
ors was appointed at the pepeselies of Mr.
Merritt but there is no trouble between officers
of the company.”

 

MRS. AMERMAN'S BEQUESTS.

 

She Leaves $10,000 to Be Used for the Bene
fit of Two Horses and a Dog.

WorcCESTER, Mass., June 4-—By the will of
Ella N. Amerman, widow of Congressman Amer-
man of Pennsylvania, which was filed here to-
day, provision is made for the care of two horses
and a dog owned by her. The Rev, Joseph K
Dixon, formerly pastor of the Shamut Avenue
Baptist Church in Boston, 1s made the
custodian of the sum of $10,000, whose income
is to be used for this purpose.

The animals are to be treated with the utmost
consideration, especially the horses. Should
any of the animais become sick or infirm to the

degree of bodily suffering or pain, they are to
be dispatched in a humane manner with chloro-

form.

The friendship hetween Mrs. Amerman and
the preacher anout a year ago led to Mr. Dixon's
withdrawal from the church. Mrs, Amerman
has since been living in Shrewsbury, a suburb of
Worcester,

HARVARD STUDENT ARRESTED.

Augustes B. Emery Accused in Boston of
Selling Obscene Photographs.

Bostos, June 4.—Augustus B. Emery, a
Harvard student, was arraigned in the Muni-
cipal Court to-day, charged by Agent Davis of
the Watch and Ward Society with selling
obacene photographs. His counsel, Nason &
Proctor, desired a continuation and the case
went over to June |i.

Emery is a native of Kansas City and isin his
second year at the Lawrence Science Schoo!
It is alleged that he operated through the mails,
About two bundred photographs were found
in hia room, each valued by Emery at $2. The
maximum penalty imposed tn a crime of this
nature is a@ fine of $1,000 and one vear's im-
prisonment.

PATAL SALOON FIGHT,

Baleon Keeper Dead-—Men Who Assaniied
Him Merely Fined.

Frank McCluskey, 4 saloon keeper at Ninety-
eighth street and Third avenue, died at his
home, 336 East Thirty-seventh street, last night
os the resuit of myers he received in a fight in
the saloon last Thursday night. Three men
who were seen leaving the saloon ina hurr
were arrested after the fight and were identi-
fled by McCluskey as his assailants, but ashe
refused to make a complaint against them each
was released on paying a three-dollar fine.

Mr. Hearst to Start a Paper in (Chicago,

William R. Hearst, proprietor of the New
York Journal, ia to start an afternoon news-
paper in Chicago, the first issue of which ts ex-
pected to appear on July 2. The rewapaper
will be conducted on lines similar to the J/our-
nai's, and beside appearing each alternoon
during the week will print a Sunday morning
edition

r Hearst's representatives have been in
Chicago for some tme getting ready the bulld-
ing, and collecting a staff. The
ere already there. E. 38 is togbe
mpnesing editor and Willis J, Abbott, political
.

CLUB WOMEN IN SESSION.

A COLOR LINE DRAWN IN THE
CONVENTION AT MILWAUKEE.

 

Applications of Two Clubs of Colored Women
Rejected—Lively Debate om the Question
Expected at the Goneral Federation's
Meecting—Some Shrewd Politics by Women.

MILWAUKEE, Wis., June 4.—There are two
questions about which the General Federa-
tion of Women’s Clubs which began its bi-
ennial session here to-day 1s going to have
lively debates—reorganization and the color
line. The latter question is already receiv-
ing a good deal of attention and is to come
up for settlement at the general meeting to
be held to-morrow.

This morning the Board of Directors of
the Federation went on record as being op»
posed to admitting colored clubs. The New
Era Club of Boston had made application for
admission to the Executive Committee and had
been accepted and Mrs. Rebecca Davis Lowe,
the Federation’s President, had sent word
to the club congratwating it on coming into
the fold. The directors this morning re-
jected the application. The application was
tabled and thus the club is barred out. At the
same time thedirectors accepted half a dozen
white clubs

But that ts not the only point that brought
up the color question. The Phyllis Club
of this city, also colored, asked for admission,
and {ts application was likewise rejected on the

Still another feature of the question comes
on the arrival to-day of Mrs. Joseph St. P.
Ruffin of ton. She ts colored, but comes
not only as the representative of the New Era
Club but also as a State representative. What
action the federation will take in per
to be seen. Should she not be admitted
Massachusetts delegation no doubt would
resent the snub.

There was a council meeting of the federa-
tion at the Athen#num at 11 o'clock this morn-
ing, which was largely attended. A resolu-
tion to the effect that proxies be allowed to
vote was laid on the ta Ie A large and ep-
thusiastic majority footy ds of the

eral

resolution, It was of consi nportance
and there was a well-organized movement
against it. Mrs. Anna D, West, State Chair-

man of Massachusetts, had a great many prox-
fea with her. She was of the opinion that she
could vote with all of them. She, it seems,

ned ane to considerable woul ©. yo
em Tr rpose and was loa ve
up the idee ot a 80. However, there were

others, many others, who didn’t want her to
use them, and they had their way.

As time for luncheon arrived*the question
of Fegrrenisation was discussed informally.
Mrs Williams of Minnesota was asked to 6
the floor, as she had devoted considerable

me to a study of the question. She spoke
or fifteen minutes in favor of the minority
report, and lowed that the present organiza-
tion was one 7

Dr. Frances Dickenson of Chicago also too!
the platform for six minutes, by request, an

rgued against what Mrs. Williams and eal
everal others apoke informally on the questian,
No decision was reached.

The Indiana clubs are in a lively row and the
matter {s now before the sounsll.

Briefly, there has been no State federation
in Indiana, although there has exigted there
a club union, A few weeks ago Mrs. Rosa
Budd Stewart, president of the union, sent
out letters to several ludiana clubs asking for
thelr cooperation in forming a State federa~
tion. There were thirteen clubs in the General
Federation in Indiana, and of these five were
notified, and five responded to the call, and
five organized themselves into a State federa-

on

These included one Munsing club, two South
Bend clubs and two Auburn clubs. The other
eizht, itis declared, knew nothing of the State
federation so formed, and the four big Indian-
apolis clubs especially were told nothing about
a other oa clubs sneretore de-
oi o enter a formal protest against the

so-called federation.”

An open meeting was held this afternoon
at the Athenmum, at which reports from
State officers were received. A reception for
the press women was held at the residence of
Mrs. Charles Ray. At the Deutecher Club to-
night a reception was also given. Various
State delegations met to-day and decided for
reorganization @ first general session will
be held to-morrow.

 

THREW A LAMP AT HIS WIFE.

It Set Her False Hair Affre bat Dida’t Hart
Ber—Hausband Arrested.

Michael Reider of 249 West Thirty-first street
threw a lighted lamp at his wife's head last
night and set her false hair on fire. She had
sufldlent presence of mind to throw the bair
into @ corner of the room and then ran into the
hall yelling “fre” and “murder.” The burning
hair set fire to the room, causing $50 damage.
teider was arrested and locked up.

 

CENSUS ENUMERATO® A SUICIDE.

Snatches a Bottle of Carbolic Acid and Drinks
the Contents After a Spree.

Peter Fitzpatrick, a census enumerator, com-
mitted sulcide by drinking carbolio acid at his
home, 240 East Ninetleth street, yesieraay after-
noon. He worked during the first two days of
the census enumeration, but had to stay at
home ill yesterday as the reault of a spree,
Yesterday afternoon, while his wife was bath-
ing the injured hand of one of her five daugh-
ters with a solution of carbolio acid, he seized
the bottle and drank the contents. The
physician who had prescribed for the daugh-
ter's injury was called back to attend Fhe
patrick, and an ambulance surgeon was sum-
mo too, but the combined efforta of the

joctors could not save him. Fitzpatrick, who
was 51 years old, had served seventeen years in
the United States Army, most of the time
doing clerical work at West Point,

JUMPED OFF TRE IRON PIER,

Wanted to Die, but a Strong Swimmer From
Brooklyn Wouldn't Let Him.

Charlies Burke, 68 years old, of Holly, Pa.,
Jumped from the iron pier at Coney Island into
the ocean last night. He placed his hat and
coat on the edge of the pier and leaped into the
water while many persons were watching him.
aerre Tavior of 10! Front street, Brooklyn,
saw Burke jump, and as soon as be realized
that the man had attempted auicide dived in
afterhim. After astrugele he brought Burke to
the shore. A patrolman took Burke to the
station house, where he was locked up on a}
charge of attempting suicide, He said he had
nothing to livefor. The police say he had beep

ng

Killed Herself With a Shotgan,
’

SoMPRVIELE, N. J, June 4—Mrs. Mary
Btevens, the wife of a farmer living near Frank-
lin, eight miles from here, committed suicide
this morning, While the family were absent she

took asingle-barrelled, breech-loading shotgun
from the wall and, placing the muzzle against
her throat, she leaned forward and struck the
hammer a blow with a long-handled hatchet
The charge went through her neck killing her
inatantly

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN.

Nothing further was done yesterday to forward
or retard the extradition of Neely to Havana.

The work of repairing the Dewey Arch was begun
yesterday

The India Famine Relief Committee of One Hun
dred received $1,953.20 In additional contributions
yesterday, making the tow! to date $50,543.09.

The body of Gernard Hol/stein of 429 East Sixty-
ninth street, who disappeared from home a week ago,
was foundin the Fast River last night It was taken
to the Morgue.

The Ninth Regiment Band began its Monday night
series of concerts in Myre ty Square Park fst
night ‘There were at least 10,000 persons there wo
enjoy the rmuste.

The June Grand Jury was sworn tn yesterday be-
fore Judge McMahon tn Part 1, General darts
James G. Wallace, # builder of 66 Pine street ts fore
man. Judge MeMahon tn his charge comp!imented
the Distriet Attorney's office on the up w-date con
dition of the criminal business of the county

George A. Romer, a broker, Iiving at the Grand

Unton Hotel, surrendered himeelf tn the Centre Street
noller court yesterday to answer & complaint made |
y James Connelly, & restaurant keeper of $7

Firoadway, that 4 worthless draft had been given to
him two years ggo by Romer. The latwr gave $300
ball and was hel

 

 
  

   
        
    

Foolwitha lan

It's @ useless exertion. There's
more concentrated coolness and
refreshing comfort in one glase of

HIRES

Rootbeer

than a family of fane 2
can furnish.

Write for list of
miums of

for labels.

  

     
 

   

  

BANISHES. BILIOUSNESS
CLEANSING THE LIVER.

KUTNOW’S POWDER REMEDIES BILIOUSNESS AND PRE
CLUDES FURTHER ATTACKS BY CLEANSING THB
LIVER, AND RESTORING IT TO A STRONG, MBALTHY,

ACTIVB CONDITION.

SAMPLES SENT FREE.
SAMPLES SENT FREE,

SAMPLES SENT

A bilious attack is not particularly serious or dangerous.

It is important

only in that it causes a good deal of misery to those attacked, and is an evidence
that the liver has become torpid and deranged. This condition of what is the
ground that the application came in too late. | largest and one of the most important organs of the body is decidedly serious, as
it not only produces biliousness, but a score or more of other symptoms, such as
despondency, insomnia, headache, loss of appetite, craving for stimulants, drowsle
ness, lassitude, nervousmess, pains between the shoulder blades, and flutteriag

of specks before the eyes, etc.

/

A Stuggish and disordered liver generally arises from careless eating end
drinking, and from insufficient exercise, which weaken it and prevent it from
properly performing its functions. These functions are so many, that evea whea
in a healthy condition, it barely manages to do all that is required of it. The
greater part of the food, after it has left the stomach, is filtered through the

liver, and carried to the different parts of the body by the blood.

Impure mate

ters in the food are stopped or neutralized, the sugar of digested food ts detaimed
so that it can be doled out to the blood in the quantity required for fuel pure
poses: and a peculiar liquid termed bile is secreted, which serves as a ndtursl
aperient and deodorant, and also aids in digesting the food after it has passed

through the stomach.

When the liver becomes deranged, however, the bile, instead of getting inte
the intestines, becomes mixed with the blood and causes the skin to tura the
yellow tinge recognized as evidence of biliousness,

When this occurs, the only really effective remedy is furnished by a course
of Kutnow’s Improved Effervescent Powder, which, by washing out of the fiver
the impurities which, as a result of careless living, it has become filled with,

restores the liver to an active, healthy, and strong condition.

It-also, by render.

ing the bile more fluid, promotes its flow into the intestines, and thus further helps
to dispel the biliousness which the torpid condition of the liver has produced,

Kutnow’s Powder is an aperient in which the drastic, towering, and nauseous

features of the ordinary aperient medicine are entirely absent.

It is composed of

the most curative, healing, and purifying elements of the European mineral-
spring waters, plus a few other simple and health. giving ingredients,

WRITE FOR A FREE SAMPLE.

Por Seven Days KUTNOW BROS. (Ltd.) will send a SAMPLE PREE ‘and POSTPAID to every eal
applicant who fille in the follewing and forwards it to ““Kutnow’s” efflee—

NAME eee ee eH ESO HEHEHE OOH H SEES HE EE HESS OHSS SHEESH SOE EOE T OS EE OOO SOOES EOE S C5 0CSO®

ADDRESS. .....ccccccrcccrrecrensccenererene sree eres eres es ssns seen ees s sees 1e08 Oe eee

1 a reer er eee rreer irre ier Cee ere errr errr rere rr errr rrr ry tty ys.)

SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS. REFUSE SUBSTITUTES: THBY ARE INJURSOUS.
KUTNOW BROS, (Ltd.), 853 Broadway, New York City.

    

CALLAHAN OUTPOINTS DIXO
Former Featherweight Champlton Shows Lit-
tle of His Old-time Cleverness.

PAILADELPHIA, June 4.—Tim Callahan out-
pointed George Dixon in a six-round bout at
the Penn Art Club to-night. It was a fast
“go,"" both boys figting hard to secure
the verdict. It was thought that they
would box according the modified Queens-
berry rules, breaking clean and no hitting
{in the breakaway, but they decided
to have it out under a strict
interpretation of the rules, From the start
Callahan demonstrated that he was more
than Dixon's equai at any atyle of the game. i
was supposed that inthe mix-ups Dizon woul
peve the better of the exchanging because of
is superior hitting ability, but this turned
out all wrong for the reason that Callahan
enerally followed up a straight lead by rush-
ng in, and by keeping close to Dixon kept up
a@ merry tattoo of short rights on the former
champion’s body. These puncoes worried
Dixon, whaevidently did not look for that kind
of milling

At out-fighting Callahan was the only one in
it. He landed one straight left after another
on Dixon's face, but the requisite steam to ef-
fect a knock-out or even a knock-down was not
there. Now and then, noticeably in the
fourth round, Dixon did suggest the peerless
champton of old, but it was for only a brief in-
terval. He has not only jost his quickness but
hisspeed. Neither boy, outside of the inevitable
“blowing,” was much damaged at the end of
the bout.

Broderick Wins From Strauss op a Foul,

There waa plenty of excitement at the boxing
show at the Hercules A. C, Brooklyn, last

night. The first bout was for fifteen
rounds at 115 pounds. Frankie Welch, the
Philadelphia featherweight, crossed = arins

with Johnny Reagan of South Brooklyn. It
proved to be a good, game fight. Reagan was
the stronger in the opening rounds, while the
Philadelphian was the cleverer, showing great
foot work

Welch tried hard for a knockout, but waa un-
able to do thetrick. It was stated after the
fight that he had dislocated his left wrist. The
verdict of Referee Joe Ward was a draw

Tommy. Broderivk of Yonkers and Isador
Strauss of Philadelphia met in the stellar bout
on the card, which was schedused to last
twenty-five rounds at 140 pounds. There were
$260 in the house, and the club managers
offered to give it all to the fighters, split-
ting up the expenses of the night among
the owners of the club. Strauss, how-
ever refused to go on. Finally 820 more
were subscribed and for%.$150 cash to
Strauss and $130 Broderick the
fight proceeded. The first round was
very fast, both men fighting hard with
both hands. Strauss backheeled and threw
Broderick, and several of the spectators
tried to enter the ring and hit Strauss
The fight went nearly to the end of
the seventh round, in. which the Phia-
delphian had Broderick nearly out. He
fouled the Yonkers man 80 openly, however,
that the spectators howled until the police
entered the ring and the decision was awarded
to Broderick

Second Baseman Jack Crooks Asked to Play
With Beffalo.

Sr. Lorrs, June 4. Jack Crooks, the veteran
second baseman, who has been out o! the
game for the past two years, but under
reserve to Buffalo, has received a request
from DanShannon asking him to report to the
Bisons at Kaneas City to-morrow, Crooks isa
Northwestern drummer for @ wholesale cigar
manufacturer.

to

 

Want to Play Rall Games.

The Crescent Baseball Assoctation has a few more
dates open, and would like to fi!) them with first-class
clubs that can offer a fair guarantee Address G.
Hempeler, secretary, 624 Fast iAéth strem

The Star A. C. of Newarl has June 0, 24 and other
days in Juiy and August open for any team offering
a suitable guarantee. Address Charlies Smith man

acer, 272 South Eleventh street, Newark, N. J,

The Perth Ar boy A. ©. has secured grounds for
Sunday games, ond will give & sullable guarantee
w all Orstciass wams. Address Pevr Smith,

manager 202 State sweet, Perth Amboy, N. J
The wpographical nine of the board of Pubile Im
provements would iike W arrange 4 Daseball game
with any of the elty departments. Address George
H. Patrick, manager !7/th sireet and Taotrd avenue
The Erie F.C. would Uke to arrange games wit
ams whos players average 17 of 15 years Have
1) Sundays in July and August open except the frst
L earh month. Address it. Adier, 475 Tenth avenur
‘Phe Verona A. ©. has a few Sundays in June, July
and August open, and woud like to hear from reilabe
leams whose piayers average 15 yedrs offering @ sult
able guarantee. Address G. F. Gepourn, care of
Verona A. C., 406 Gates aveaue, Br pklyn

a
ee

  
 
 

The Meadow Brooks Play a Strong Game and
Defeat the Rockaways,

HempsteaD, June 4.—The final polo game for
the Meadow Brook Club ours was played to-day
on the field of the Meadow Brook Club. Both
teams were in good form the play wan fast
ir mn the start. The players and cape
olow:

Meadow Brook 1—Willam C. Beit 6 are
e ued gherv P. Whitey, 6; ?

. otal, 5

Rockaway 1—W. A. Hazard, 3; te ioe
4; John E. Cowden, 9; F. S. Congwer, Jr..6. eet

The bell was thrown for the firet
6o'clock. Nefther team seor
didtheir best. In the second period the
Brooks went in to do or die, and when

ang had eight goals to r or

ockaway had made ong. In the thir
the Rockaways began to play fozy and p
vented several good ones from going betw.
the sticks by clever safeties, but this with e
caused them to lose a goal by penalties.
fourth period was almost a repetition of
Pile Meadow Brooks played a ajeat

e ow

Willie Eustis had the luck to score 0 gieatest
number of goals: The summary:

Goals earned--For Meadow Brook, W, C.
George Euotis, 2, Niooll, 1; Whitney, 1. Tol,
For Rockaway—Cowdin, 2; La Montagne, 1.

Goals recelved oy Sansone Rockaway, 6.

lost by penalties—Rockaway, 1%. T Coal
Meadow Brook, 11; Rockaway, we
ton Winthrop.

PHILADELPHIA, June 4,—In the opent e
of the Devon Polo Tournament to-day
Philadelphia Country Clubs seoond tee
feated the Freebooters of the same club by
core of 11 to 4'4 goals, The Freebooters
fowed their opponents 3 goals on hencieney,
he game was the first for the Valentine
2.¢c
ine, 2, es

lenge cup. The line up:
Philadelphia Seeond Team—N. W.
zalin, 3, W. B. H. Smith, 4; L

tal. 11.

Freebooters—W. E. Carter, 3; Jay B. Tappinert
John Groome, 5; R. E. Suawbridge, 4. Total, 1 «
The Paris Chess Tournament.

Special Cable Despatch to THR Sun,

Paris, June74.—-To-day being a holiday ta
France there was no play in the internet ions
tournament. ‘Ihe tenth round is
to-morrow.

Yale’s New Track Athietie Captain.

NEW HAVEN, June 4.—The annual election for
captain of the Yale Track A tbietio Associates
for next year was heid this afternoon.
candidates were pror M. Finok

huraler, and John Hord, the pole 'e
Fincke was elected, ..,

Officers of Yale's Navy

New Haven, June 4.—The annual election of

the executive ofMflcers of t Yale Ne ang
crews held to-night ol abe follow *

dent and Manager, A. H. lohagdagn, e
Waterbury. Conn.; Vice-President, 8.

mouth, ‘vi, Lawrence, La; Secretary and Ap
sistant Manager, Roderick Potter, Buffalo, N.Y.

 

 

 

Odds and Ends of Sports.

The annual outing of the Cathedral Club to Lake
Mahopac on Sunday, June 10, promises to be @
decided social success. Two special cars will leave
Grand Central Station, Harlem division von room,
at 9:10 A.M. and from 125th street station |
minutes later The committee wiih the coppers
the club's active President, John R. y.
spared nothing to m°ke the day 4 memorable one
the club and thete friends

“‘Hammocks.”
A SUPERB LINE

OF

Mexican, Algerian and Domestic,

lewis & GonceR,

130 and 132 West 424 St.

 

‘CARPET CLEANSING,

326 7th Av., Near 28th 66,

Katy, 1st, Fol, 1193
Send for Ch

T. M, STEWART.

‘