iit ‘Voratle organization in his hands. He may
Lab. S

Sun,

TUESDAY, JUNE 5, 1900.

 

 

 

 

 

Bubscriptions by Mail, Postpaid.

DAILY, pet Month.......s.ccreeerree eroereee $0 50
DAILY, per Year....... 00
00
00

   

 

BUNDAY, per Year..... :
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month

Postage to foreign countries added.
Tue SUN, New York City.

 

 

PARis—Kioaque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kioaque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines.

 

If our friends who favor us with manuseripts for
publication wish to have rejected articles returned, they
muet in ali cases send stamps for that purpose.

 

New York and Maryland.

Both the New York Democrats and the
Maryland Democrats hold their State Con-
ventions to-day. The Hon, ARTHUR Pun
Gorman and the flon, Davib BENNETT
Hip are struggling for the same line of
action or rather of inaction, Mr. Hu, how-
ever, ia only an imitator of the Maryland
MACHIAVELLI. Largely on account of
division among the Republicans, Maryland
was carried by the Democrats, but the Gor-
manites among the latter attribute the
victory to the forgetfulness of Bryanism
and the Chicago platform shown inthe State
platform.

The example fired Mr. Hint to attempt
that enterprise in which he ia now engaged.
Like Mr. GonMAN he wants to akulk away
from the Chicago platform, to cover up
the heaven-born ratio and to how! horren-

* dously against Imperialism and the Trusts.
For some reason not patent to the uniniti-
ated, Mr. Gorman and Mr. Hin. have
braced themselves firmly against sending
an instructed delegation to Kansas City.
They admit that Col. Bryan will be
renominated. They are ready to “ indorse
him with luxuriant resolutions; but no
instructions, if vou please.

The problem of both these old handa {s
to hang on to the conservatives without
stirring the radicals to mutiny and rage.
Indeed, their problem {s more complex than
that and absolutely without solution They
are trying to be Democrats while kicking
away the Democratic platform, They are
trying to be regarded as Gold Democrats in
New York and Maryland, and yet as good
enough Democrats at Kansas City.

Whatever may be said or unsaid in the
resolutions of the conventions which meet
to-day, in less than thirty days the general
counell of the Democratic party will lay
down the law for the Democratic party.
The dogmas affirmed and reaffirmed at
Kansas City will be the Democratic creed.

It will fll un all the silences and vacancies
in which some of the cowardly or double-
dealing Fastern leaders wish to take refuge.
To {t and to nothing else the voters of New
York and Maryland will look for the beliefs
and purposes of the Democracy What is
to be gained, then, by all this evasion and
sneaking indirection? Do Mr. GORMAN and
Mr. Hr11. imagine that the voters in their
States are so foolish as not to know that the
Democratic party ‘8 Bryanisam, relieved by
not a single touch of conservatism, as radi-
cal, implacable and violent, as flerce for the
Chicago piriform in 1900 as in 1896?

Mr. Gorman has the Maryland Demo-

 

carry his point, but at the cost of still
fuseher influencing against himself the irrec-
oncilable sons of silver, who are not made
any meeker by the knowledge that they are
sure of the eympathy of the leader and of
the majority of their party, Whatever be
the result of Mr. Hi11's efforts to control
the Democratic State Committee, he will be
opposed by the most powerful and best-
disciplined Democratic organization in the
State. The Hon RrIcHARD CROKER, &
shrewder even if a blunter politician than
Mr. Hiu., knows a fact when he sees it.
Democracy being Bryanism at present, he
will be a Bryanite in good and regular stand-
ing. He will be powerful in New York and
orthodox at Kansas City. Apparently Mr,

 

Hu is to be neither.
+
Was Gen. Miles Mentally Sane in
August, 1898?

The proposition to elect the Major-Gen-
eral Commanding the Army into a Maximus
General, or, at least, into something bigger
and better paid than a Major-General, has
popped up in connection with nearly every
military measure discussed in Congress
during the past two years. It has been
defeated, ignored, evaded, dodged or
aquelched on various occasions, merely to
reappear somewhere else, sometimes in
the moat unexpected place,

At the present writing Gen. MrLes’s in-
veterate personal ambition bestrides the
regular appropriation bill for the Military
Academy. The bill passed the House on
May 15, and went to the Senate, where it
acquired somehow this rider:

“SECTION 2.--That the senior Major (ieneral Com
manding the Army shall have the rank, pay and
allowances of a Lieutenant-General, and bis personal
staff shall have the rank, pay and allowances author
ized for the staff of a Lieutenant-General."'

Let us go back for a moment to the ex-
traordinary seriesof official dispatches with
which Gen. Mrurs bombarded the War
Department during his brief absence from
Washington at the time of the Puerto Rico
campaign. The future historian of that
short campaign will be greatly puzzled by
many of these dispatches; conflicting sug-
gestions, inexplicable changes of plan,
absurd requisitions, and apparently mor-
bidly jealous insinuations concerning the
motives of high officers in the other arm of
the service. Within five days Gen. Miners
sent two dispatches well calculated to
oocasion solicitude in the Department as to
his mental condition

On August 10 he telegraphed from Ponce
by way of Bermuda this “personal and
confidential "’ communication to the Secre-
tary of War accusing Rear Admiral Samp-
sON of a purpose to engage in the wanton
massacre of innocent women and children
in order to deprive him, Mites, of his
laurels as a conqueror

“T am fully convinced that SAMPSON bas sent
orders to the commander of this ficet, as soon as
army leaves souih coast, to take his fleet, go round to
San Juan, and demand the surrender of the capital,
or bombard the city, and not to waste ammunition on
any of the batteries. First: To bombard a city contain
ing innocent women and children would bea violation
of the first order of the President. Secomd: Itisan
interference with the work airen the army dy the
President. After we have raised the flag over all the
principal cities and arrived at San Juan, any aid by
the navy against land batteries, tntrenchments or
fortiNeations would be advisable, but mot againsta
eity of non-combatants The control of all milttary
affairs on the land of this island can safely be left to
the army. MILES.”

The Administration calmly assured Gen,
Mies that his sombre and jealous appre-
hensions were groundless, That mood
passed away; and five days later he was

   
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
  
  

\
|

|
|

personal adornment of his troops. On
August 15 he cabled this urgent requisition
in the millinery line:

“Gen, LUDINGTON, Washington:

| * Please send by very first opportunity twenty thou- ;

sand blue Rosettes, Algrettes and cords for Infantry

hats, also one thousand yellow for Cavalry and two ,

thousand red for Artillery.
‘148PLM
Here again the Administration was com-
pelled to administer a sedative. Gen. MILES

MILES.”

was informed that rosettes and aigrettes |

were not part of the United States uniform,
and that of course none were on hand.

It may appear at firat blush that these two
remarkable dispatches of 1898--and there
were many others equally significant--have
no bearing whatever on the question of
passing in its present form the Military
Academy Appropriation bill of 1900.

We think that possibly they have.

A Manly Candidate.

It isonly according to the conventional
standards of the formalists that Mr. BRYAN
is open to criticism for printing in the North
American Review at this timea statement of
his views on the issues of the campaign of
1900. He has been nominated for President
by one political organization, the Populist,
and a month hence, if he lives, he will be
nominated by another and greater party,
the Democratic. There are precedents for
silence on his part at the present stage of
proceedings. To most candidates silence
would be the policy Indicated by personal
and political convenienoe,

There are hundreds of thousands of old
Democrats, moreover, who at this moment
would be glad to take advantage of his
silence on the money question, the only im-
portant question whereon their opinions
differ from his, as an excuse for committing
themselves unreservedly in advance to his
support. They are with him on every issue
save Sixteen to One. To gain their votes {t
was not necessary for him to recant, He
had only to ignore Sixteen to One, to push
it aside until another season, to subordinate
it, or to bury it in ambiguous words.

Yet Mr. Brran has chosen the month of
June in the Presidential vear for an an-
nouncement, through a medium outside of
the official channels of political declaration,
of his unwavering adherence to the main
issue of 1896; his refusal to dodge or ob-
acure or postpone the question of the frea
coinage of silver at the ratio of sixteen to
one; his determination to keep that question
atthe very front, and to keep up the contest
until either silver has won or the single gold
standard has become universal and irre-
movable

Of the three questions which tn his view
constitute different aspects of the same
ahieaie tien, “the conflict between the
dollar and the man--a conflict as old as the
human race, and one which will continue as
long as the human race endures,’’ Mr. BRYAN
puts now as always the currency question
first, ahead of trusts, ahead of “ imperial-
ism."’ There is no weakening of hia attitude,
‘There is no compromise in his language:

“The contest between monometalliem and bimetal

lism ts a world-wide contest—a contest which must go
on until silver fs once more a money metal equal with
gold, or until the gold standard becomes universal
* * © tis needless to discuss the ratio since there is
no diviston of sentiment among those who are actually
trying to secure bimetalliem. There isa positive, ear-
nest and active force behind the present legaratio of
sixteen to one, there Is no positive, earnest or active
force behind any other ratio. Neither is itany longer
necessary to discuss international bimetallism. The
contest upon this question must be between those who
believe in the gold standard on the one side, and, on
the other side, those who belleve in a financial policy
made by the American people for themsrlves,"’

This voluntary declaration of the leader
and candidate of the Democracy, at atime
perhaps critical in his political fortunes, we
cannot but regard as evidence of moral
courage of abigh order, proof of personal
qualities which friends and antagonists
alike must respect.

Intending supporters will have to adjust
themselves to Mr. Bryan's convictions, He
manfully and properly declines to adjust
his convictions to suit their convenience,

Three Pulpits Last Sunday.

This remark, made by the Rev. Dr.
McGIFFERT in a sermon last Sunday, is a
specimen of the sort of talk which comes
from unbelieving pulpits in these days:

“The best of creeds and the truest of doctrines he-
come an impertinence when they thrust themselves
into the forefront and so engage the attention of any
Church or of any man thatthe supreme emphasis Is
even temporarily removed frem the supreme duty of
following CHRIST."

“Where except at the forefront" should
a creed be? Where else do men learn of
‘the supreme duty of following CaristT?”
To believe that there is such a duty
you must believe in the Dtvinity of
Cunisr, That is. you must have a creed.
If Jesus is simply the ethical teacher which
Dr. McQterert's philosophy, reasonably
interpreted, makes him out to be, there ts
no more obligation to follow him than there
{s to follow any other human ethical teach-
ing. The “supreme duty” is only imposed
by religious faith in Caniar, Take away the
creed and there is no CarIst, but only a
man, the record of Whose life and sayings is
of disputable authority, according to Dr,
McGirrert.

The preacher, therefore, sought to cover
up his infidelity under meaningless words,
as he did also in this further remark:

“There is too much thought about conduct; too
Mttle thought about character. Too much effort to
copy CHRIST'S deeds; too little of the effort to possess
His spirit: toomuch Imitation and too little follow-
ing”

The indication of character is in the con-
duct. Wecan know of a man’s spirit only
as he expresses it in actual performance.
We cannot dissect his spiritual anatomy to
find out his secret motives, but must infer
them from his acts, from the outward mani-
festation of his inward and spiritual grace.

It is directly contrary to the fact to say
that there is ‘too much imitation" of
Curnist. Take, for example, the congrega-
tion of the Madison Square Presbyterian
Church, before which Dr. McGtrrert
preached, and who among them " imitates"
Him? Which one patterns his conduct after
the example of CHRIST and obeys practi-
cally His teachings? The whole remark is
rubbishy.

The Rey. Dr. MacCracken, in a bacca-
laureate sermon to the graduating class at
the New York University, talked in this
fashion to those young men:

“The Chureh to-day does not care for a creed that
attempts to establish a definite chronology of the
workings of the Divine Intellect while {t forgets
almost entirely to mention the Divine heart.’

The Church to-day knows nothing of the
workings of either the intellect or the heart
of Gop, and it never has known anything of
them, except as its knowledge is derived
from Divine revelation as dogmatically pro-
claimed by it. All Christian creeds are
based necessarily on that revelation alone.
The Westminster Confession, to which Dr.
MACCRACKEN referred specifically, relates
rather to the will of Gop, to ‘the Divine

blithely oprited over the question of the! heart,” than tothe Divine intellect, and it

oe

‘eA wee nae

ee

 

me mor?
Ce

os

Lao ar gt 9 Be tee nt end? Pee oe 7

   
   

 

SA ty redo ap pape ies

a p ’ wie eta das ie oy,

supports all its teachings by proof texts of
Scripture. The sermon reads very much
like a covering with which to disguise vir-
tual infidelity.

The Rev. Dr. Hin.is, over in Brooklyn,
slung language after this astonishing fash-
ion: ’

“In words that, a child could understand CHRIST
portrayed the simple majesty and the beauty ot Gop,
With no definitions, with no fashtoned philosophy, |
with no articulated degrees did He teach. His mis-
sion was to unveil to man’s viston the Infinite One
Whose love was all embracing. Thus, tn simple speech,
CHAIST caused the great GoD to stand forth clothed
| with all those alluring qualities which fascinate the
| imsellect, that enrapture and satisfy the heart, por-
trayed GoD as one Whose garments trailed in the sun
set; Who whispered upon the ‘ colossal harp of nature,
Whose frame was made of worlds, Whose strings are
rays of shining light;’ a God for Whom the universe
Itself 1s one vast temple, Whose storms and winds and
cataracts, with songs of birds and men, combine in
one vast hymn of adoration and delight.”

Now, actually, is there anything of the
sort in the teachings of Jesus, and where
is it?

A Likeness and a Contrast.

It sounds like a great outrage, for the
Illinois Steel Company to shut down its
South Chicago plant without warning to
its employees, thereby throwing nearly four
thousand men unexpectedly out of work. It
was essentially the same as if the employees
had struck without warning, and, therefore,
it was just as unfair.

One can predict confidently, however,
that, this thing being done, the Illinois Steel
Company will not become guilty of the out-
rages which usuallydistinguish strikers when
acting in a considerable body, or as part of
a labor organization, We mean the out-
rages of violence, of assaults upon the per-
son or property of those with whom there
is a dispute.

If the steel company’s workmen try to
yet places elsewhere, there is not a shadow
of danger that they will find emissaries of
the company lying in wait for them with
pistol or bludgeon or dynamite to prevent
them from exercising their right to work,
and to contract for labor with whomsoever
they please. No workman's home will be
attacked, his tools demolished or his life
threatened by the Illinois Steel Company,
ne the strikere in St, Louis are undertaking
to do to the street car company and its
new employees.

If the President of the Illinois Steel Com-
pany, or the President of the Federal Steel
Company, of which the former is a part,
should organize a St. Louis rald upon his
former employees who desire to work else-
where, he would deserve to be hanged, or
imprisoned for life,

 

The Caucus in Court.

The County Court of Lebanon county,
Pennsylvania, has just rendered judg-
ment ina political case which presented a
question as novel in law as it is {n politics,

Early in March the Republican com-
mittee of Lebanon county passed a resolu-
tion requiring all candidates for Congress
and for the State Legislature to pledge
themselves, as a condition precedent to the
legal registration of their names as candi-
dates, to enter all the regularly called
caucuses of the party in the respective
law-making bodies in which they sought
membership and to abide by the caucus’s
dectsion. The Tebanon County Com-
mittee follows the Hon, MATTHEW STAN-
LEY Quay. The anti-Quay people say
that the meeting in question was called
for the purpose of fixing the date of the
primaries for electing the State delegates
and that there was no idea that any more
important business than this would be
brought up, Hence, but comparatively few
anti-Quay people went to the meeting, and
the drastic resolution mentioned was passed
with practically no dissent.

Sometime after this Dr. SAMUEL Wess
and Samcer Grow, Republican nominees,
called on CnhaRurs 8S. Havarp, chairman
of the County Committee, and paid the
required registration fee of $10, later
Chairman Havarp asked the two candi-
dates to sign the caucus pledge that had
been adopted, and upon their refusal to
do so, returned to them their regis-
tration fees and announced that they
could not stand as the party candidates.
Application was then made to the County
Court for a mandamus compelling the
chairman to print the names of Dr. Wriss
and Mr. Gron in the party list.

The lawyers for the County Committee
maintained that it was a fundamental
principle of all parties that the majority
should rule and that no one should ask for
a nomination by the party unless he was
willing to stand by that principle. A party
had a moral and a material right to require
such a pledge from its nominees, and while
it was unusual to exact such a pledge for-
mally there could be no certainty of party
coherence or consistency if the right to
enforce such directions was denied, The
lawyers applying for the mandamus argued
that the pledge imposed by the County
Committee on candidates was clearly
uncenstitutional It conflicted with the
oath prescribed by the State Constitution in
which Senators and other officera affirm
that they have made no promises, and,
moreover, it was not public policy that
the principle of the party caucus should be
carried to such an extreme,

Judge ENDLIcH, who heard the case,

granted the application for a manda-
mus to compel the registration of the
names of the two candidates,

no particular party.
the theory of the law.
should not be bound down and have
his hands tied by any
but should be in a position to defend
the best interests of the people. No
Courty Committee had a right to prescribe
| additional qualifications to those plainly
stated in the Constitution and laws.

So far as we learn, no appeal has been
taken from Judge ENDLICH's decision, ‘This
is the first lawsuit of the kind that has ever
occurred in our country

That, at least, was
The man elected

party caucus,

The statesmen who advertise the Bryan Jeff-
ersonian sixteen-for-one-dollar cigar combine
politics with business every day. ‘Under a
tepublican Administration the Trust Octopus
feels safe in throwing its tentacles around the
islands heretofore harassed

 

by Spain,’ but
there need be no apprehension as tocampaign
funds to fight

the Octopus with, " provided

every Democrat that smokes will call for a”
Bryano immaturo, One cent on each cigar to

|
| the Democratic National Committee, Demo-
|
|

crate, insufe your lives, and then smoke the
celebrated Democratic Bad Times Cigar!

A poll tax ts never popular.—New Haren Pal
ladium .

What kind of tax is populur?

| The Hon. Fuavivs Josepavs Van Vornats,
chairman of the Indiana Silver Republican
Committee, proclaims proudly the devotion of
“The Demo-

his party to t..e peerless leader.
crata in their State Convention,’ he saya,
“cannot act so badly that they will drive the

Ua teo tus

.

THE SUN, TUESDAY,

He de-
clared that after the election the success-
ful candidate represented the people and

3 awe me ol

JUNE 5,

Silver Republicans of the State away from
Bryan.” This tenacity of affection is touching
and Col. BRYAN ought to be a proud and happy

  
  

' man. Possibly the Democrats are not espe-

cially proud and happy on account of the Silver
Republicans, We seem to detect something
like an impreoation on the lips of the Democrata
as they muse on Sioux Falls and their Gopher
brother, TowNE.

In the Senate yesterday the Hon. HENRY M.
TELLER made a partisan speech by way of
rebuking the Republicans for partisanship. He
criticised Mr. Hoar for being an anti-imperial-
ist and yet resolved to vote for the Republican
ticket. Mr. TELLER is an imperialist who |s go-
ing to vote for the anti-imperialiat ticket

 

‘’ne Hon, Horack Boies of lowa woke up for
a minute the other day and wrote a letter in
which {s found this choice apecimen of Bolesian
rhetoric:

“Imperialism ts a ghost that will not down. It will
haunt the American conscience unt!] some party will
deal {ta death blow.”

Uncle Hop is a great ghost seer, but his
ghosts that have to have death blows must be a
new variety, even in his experience

cenit

The resolution introduced into the Senate
yesterday by the Hon, BILLY Mason shows
that statesman in a more hopeful mood than
has been his wont of late. He wants the
Senate to express the hope that the war In
South Africa may cease at an early day upon
terms satisfactory to those engaged therein,
including independence for the South African
States.” Would thatit could be so; but wars,
atthe conclusion of which both parties are
satisfied are, we belleve, somewhat rare.
The loser has to pay the piper. So it must
have been long before NoaH was a sailor; and
so it must be until the planet is peopled by
sweet altruists like Toledo SaM JONES

We would like some one to tell us what fs the matter
with Mr. MCLEAN, the editor of the Cincinnatl En
qutrer.-- Mobile Register

Nothing. Ile is perfectly normal, Not being
a Democ-atie candidate for office this year he is
able to speak his mind freely about the Popu ist
and Silver Republican annexes, and to order
the Gopher Brran, the Hon, CHARLES ARGEN-
TUM TOWNE, off the premises.

 

 

Happy Col. Bryan! He {3 going ona vaca-
tion with Col. Mose WrTMORE once more and
Towne and Jim JoNES are to be in the com-
pany. Col. Mose Wetmore has game pre-
serves and aviaries and fish ponds, where are
all beasts of the fleld and fowls of the airand
fish of the sea, save the Octopus; and he
has country houses to burn. ike FEARLESS
Jounxsy in the folk-tale, he doesn't know
whether fear {a furred or feathered; and when
he stands up to the Trusts they come down,

RE AT CLT

WEST POINT EXAMINATIONS,

Cavalry Drill by the First Class and Rifle
Practice by the Third Class,

West Potn?, June 4—The examinations of
the cadets were resumed this morning. The first
class was heard orally in engineering and law,
the second class in chemistry, the third class in
Spanish and the fourth class in drill regulations,
The Board of Visitors went into session at ®
o'clock and questioned Col. Mills, Saperintend-
ent, relative to the most necessary require-
ments for the academy, At noon the boatd
adjourned until to-morrow morning.

The exercises this afternoon consisted of a
very interesting cavalry drill. At 4:50 o'clock
the graduating class gave an exhibition of {ta
ability in cavalry tactics on the plain. Capt.
Sands was in commandand the mancwuvres con-
sisted in carbine firing by rlatoons, sabre
charges and dismounting for skirmish formation
The drill wasan entirely new one to the average
spectator and was outlined by Col, Hein and
the Superintendent, each of whom have origi-
nated many new ideas in military tactics. Gen
Manderson has_been here twice before as a
member of this Board of Visitors and says that
the drills he has seen so farare greativy beyond
anv'he has heretofore witnessed

At5-30 o'clock there was rifle practice at long
range and driila with the revolver, mounted.
This exercise was by the third class, under the
direction of Capt. Sands and Lieut. Anderson.
The attendance Increases as the exercises
continue

SKUNK AND RBLACKSNAKE FIGHT,

 

 

One Vsed Its Teeth and the Other Its Coils
and Bote Died,

Cocurcton, N. ¥., June 2—A novel fight was
witnessed by the men employed at the pumping
station of the Standard Oj] Company two miles
west of this place yesterday. It was a battle
between an enormous blacksnake and a
skunk and it endedin the death of both com-
batants.

The attention of the men was first attracted
by the strange actions and loud cawing of a
crow which was circling about aspotin a field
nearby. They went tothe epot and saw alarge
blacksnake with its head raised, and within six
feet of it wasa skunk which kept fotne about
the snake as if to draw ita attention from a
amall rock ten feet away. On this reck were
five young skunks about the size of chipmunks

The snake's tail was colled about a «mall oak
atump andas the skunk continued its rounds
the snake darted ita head repeatediv at its
enemy. This continued for a short time, the
elreles made by the skunk growing amaller and
smaller. Then, quick as lightning, the skunk
sprang upon the snake and fastened {ta teeth tn
the snake’a neck. Inaninstant the anake had
two coils around the body of the skunk. The
«truegie continued for a short time only and
then the combatants both lav dead

The snake was seven feet long The young
skunks were left on the rock as none of the
party cared to get within close range of them

Change tn the English Character.

From the Spectator

A good many people are asking In all sineertty, and
even with some anxiety, whether It Is possible that
the character of the English people ts materially
changing. They are, such inqulrers say, becoming
less grave, less restrained, more like a people of the
southern type. They display thelr feelings much
more, they rush more tn crowds, they are more swayed
by rumor, by fearand by emotion. It te unlike the
English, they say, to have taken up this war with
such enthusiasm, to be so unreasonably angry If any
one speaks against it, above all to be so explosive tn
their gladness at good news

The scene of Friday night last week, the sudden
descent of London Into the streetsin a fit of wild re-
Jolcing. the protractton of the display into Saturday,
and some of the features of the rejoteing ttself, are
not in the least like the self restrained people who, by
the consent of al! foreigners, ‘took thetr pleasure
sadly.” They are extraordinarily ready to go abroad
and fight, an inclination they never displayed in the
Crimean War: they discuss conscription Instead of
rejecting !t summartiy; they are Interested, like
Frenchmen or Italians, in a campaign.

The difference strikes Americans here, as well as
our own people, and bas produced such an impression
on the Continent that men talk of the English as of a
people changed beyond recognition, ‘Never laugh at
us again,’ Say surprised Frenchmen: “you are as
mobile as weare, Look at the rejotcings over Mafe
king. Could we have displayed more adandon, or
given ourselves away more utterly, or fora lighter
reason®'’ ‘There must be something to aceount for an
impression so general and, asthe future of the nation
will be based, as tts past has been, upon the national
character, It ie well worth while to inquire what {t
all means

Tt means, we believe, that the English are becoming
more like the Americans in the readiness with which
they express themselves, less inarticulate, leas frost
bound tn thetr display of feeling

 

His Extraordinary Case.

Irom the Chicago Inter Ocean.
BELMOND, Ia,, May 27.--Word was received from
Eldora yesterday announcing the death of Ole Hill, a
young man who was taken there from Belmond to
the reform school In March. His case was an ex-
traordinary one. His skin was devoid of pores and
he could not sweat. That was the cause of his death.

 

the North American Review for June is a timely
number” Mr. Bryan discusses the “‘silver issue.’
Mr. Edmund Harton, an Australian legislator of
experience considers ‘Austraiian Federation and Its
Rasis,"’ and Sir Sidney Sheppard discusses the way
England should treat the conquered Boers. Other
articles are by Comptroller Coler of this etty, Baron
Pierie de Coubertin, the Rev. Dr. Shinn on the present
status of hell, and by the Princesa Catherine Radzi-
will On “Cectl Rhodes'’s Future.” Three competent

1909. ,

IN sOUTH AFRICA.

The despatches concerning the situation
generally continue to be little more than records
of the rumors current at the moment, Late
news from) Pretoria brings the British within a
few iniles of that place, which only waits the
formal demand to surrender; other news de-
scribes the Boers as rallying and,reorganizing in
an unexpected manner, and determined on
resistance to the last. From the British side
there comes nothing but the reports of what is
going on in Lord Roberts's rear, a complete
silence being maintained as to everything
Passing at the front, It cannot be that no in-
formation is received at the British headquar-
ters, Which were last reported at Orange Grove,
three or four miles northeast of Johannesburg,
from where the whole distance to Pretoria is
only twenty-six miles, The conclusion there-
fore is that the British War Office is holding
back information from the public until some
definite conclusion has been reached about
Pretoria, That the Boer commanders are
offering all the resistance in their power there
is no doubt, as also (hat enormous stores of pro-
Visions have been sent north and east trom the
capital, ‘This faet of itself seenis to indicate
that Pretoria will not be defended. In that
case tt becomes evident that a total change has
been made in the original Boer plans, in which
a prolonged siege of the capital was caloulated
on. The cause for the abandonment of that
Part of the plan of campaign, apart from the
reasons enumerated on previous occasions, fs
probably because of the strength of the British
army sent against them being so vastly greater
than anything the Boers expected at the time
their plans were made.

Thereport that a largé Boer force had crossed
the Vaal and gone south into the Free State
portends further fighting near the British line
of commnnications, but at the best that can
only temporarily relieve the pressure toward
Pretoria. as Lord Roberts will find means to re-
enforce the divisions protecting near
rear from the troops further on
the line of commiunteations, Geo
side's division, which should
where in the neighborhood of Bloemfontein, be-
ing available on a pinch.

The political situation in the Cape Colony fs,
however, calling for attention, Tr Sty corre-
kpondent at Cape Town describes the imme-
diate future as gloomy, The trouble appears
to arise out of the strong and independent tone
of the speeches made by the Afrikander dele-
wates at the People’a Congress just held at
Graaf Reinet in Cape Colony. The Cape Timea,
the organ of the Rhodes party, advocates a
suspension of the Constitution, but this is op-
posed equally by Mr. Schreiner, the Cape Prem-
fer and by the leaders of the Opposition, all
regarding euch a step as sure to lead to
serious difficulties. Things are further com-

  

 

his
south
Cherm-

he some=

plicated by the tone of other organs of
the ultra-tmperialist party in discussing
the future policy of the British Govern-

ment toward the Dutch of South Africa, who
are all lumped together as rebels. The Eastern
Province Herald, another organ of the Rhodes
party, goes so far as to advocate the confisca-
tion of the landed property of the Boer leaders
and their (mprisenment for life away from their
own country, and the wholesale deportation of
the rank and file to Australia, Tasmania, and
New Zealand. It goes even further, and
would, if the humanitarian sentiment in Eng-
land did not debar it, make therm wear in per-
petuity a numbered badge, carry passes always
Hable to Inspection by any Government official,
and report themselves at stated intervals to the
Magistrates. This means nothing less than the
extermination of the South African Dutch as a
race, and it gathers force from the statement
made by Mr. Joseph Chamberlain that the real
cause of the war was the ‘Inherent difference
between the Boer and the British character."
The advocacy of such methods as those just
described by responsible organa of leading
men tn South Africa can hardly have any other
object than to drive the Boers into a hopeless
resistance for the purpose of securing their ulti-
mate destruction as a people.

 

JONAS G. CLARK’S WILL,

Large Gifts to Clark University
as to President Hall,

Worcester, Mass., June 4. The will of Jonas
G. Clark, the founder of Clark University, leaves
$1,000,000 and the residue of his estate to the
institution, providing the people of Worcester
raise a fund of $500,000, If they raise only $250,-
000 he beqnueaths $500,000 to the university.
He also leaves $100,000 for the untversity brary
and $100,000 for a department of art. In case
the public fund is not raised within three years
the residue of the estate reverts to the heirs at
law

In the original will Mr. Clark made this gift
to Clark University conditional upon the resig-
nation of President G. Stanley Hall within a
year after the filing of the will for probate. This
condition is revoked in a later codicil,

Mr. Clark made a large number of smaller
bequests. Ale bequeaths $50,000 outright to
his wife, and gives her the income of $400,000
ifshe needsit. Provision is made for the found-
ing of the collegiate department at the uni-
veraity.

The disclosure of 'Mr. Clark's {ll feeling
toward President Hallis an unexpected feature

of the will, In the original document, which
was written in i803, Mr. Clark said that on ac-
count of “his love for the higher education of
mankind and his desire to further original
research,” &c.. he founded Clark University
At that time he offered \$i.000.000 on certain
conditions and paid $1,000,000 In money. Be-
cause these conditions were not fulfilled he
cannot give further to the university, He
declares that he bas no confidence in the uni-
versity as long asG. Stanley Hall is at its head,

This provision relative to President Hall is
set aside ina codicil under date of Aug. 12, 1897.
in which Mr. Clark retracts all that he said
against President Hall, and says that it was
necessary at the time to take the stand that he
did. Sinee that time President Hall has con-
sented to open a collegiate department. The
trustees of the university are to elect a Presi-
dent of the college department, who shall in
no wavy be held responsible to the President
of the university

A Surprise

DIST, 973 THE FIRST COUNTED.
Complete Censas Retarns From Several Sub-
urban Districts Handed In Yesterday,

Several suburban districts of the city, where
the trees are more numerous than the citizens,
and the goats almost equal to both, were com-
pletely counted by the agile census enumera-
tors yesterday. John M. Schott turned in the
first full returns from the first of the 1,100 cen-
sus districts of Manhattan.and The Bronx. The
district is No. 973 and!s bounded by Willow ave-
nue, 188dstreet, 138th street and the river front,
The second man from the wooded and goated
section came in almost on the heels of Schott.
He represented District No. 1092, which is be-
tween Jerome, Morris, Burnside and Walnut
avenues

Three nuns and a Christian Brother, on be-
half of the c@nsus authorities, will begin to-
day to collect information needed by the Cen-
sus Bureau from the Catholic institutions of
the city, This is in pursuance of the recom.
mendation of Supervisor Wilibur to all large
religious Institutions that they appoint agents
to take the census within their boundaries

Debarred Irish Convicts to Have a Hearing.

WASHINGTON, June 4. —-The Immigration Bu-
reau has reoeived the appeal of the [rish con-
victs Fitzharris, nicknamed “Skin the Goat.”

and Mullett, against the direction of th

of Inquiry prohibiting their landing 6 Board
York. Commissioner-General Powderly to-day
wired Judge G. M. Curtis, attorney for the two
men, saying that he would be pleased to hear
any argument Judge Curtis cares to make any
time to-morrow his wasin answer to a re-
quest to be heard received from Judge Curtis

renee
Mr. Jepson's Complicated Duckling.
From the Chicago Inter Ocean.

Toieno, Ohio, May 27.—Porter Je =
New York avenue, this city, receatiy placed.
double-volked egg in the nest with asetting of
duck exgs Two days ago the mother came off
the nest with her brood, every ege havin
hatched. In the brood isone duckling wih
four legs and three wings. It is as lively and
geta around as well as the reat of the brood

 

 

Iron Next to Good Government,
From Casster's Magazine.
Next to good government there is nothing soim-
portant to the business welfare of any progressive

writers consider the ‘Rival Empires,” the relations | nation as an ample supply of lron and stability in ite

Detween Great Britain and Russta.

-.

1 Brice.

a

YANKEE AND COLOMBIAN. ,

 

Report of Commander Mead’s Interview With
Gen, Porras, Who Threatens Panama,

Dr. A. Diaz Guerra, representative in this
city of the Colombian revolutionists, received
the following cable despatch yesterday from
Maracatbo, Venezuela

*The insurgents operating near
the Magdalena River met the Government
army in battle at Aracataea, where the latter
was defeated.”

Aracataca is a

Colombian

short distance from Santa
Marta, the objective point of the rebels under
Gen, Duran. Tt is on the line of the only rail
road leading tO that port. ‘The news of the
fall of Santa Marta has been expected here
for the past week It is the purpose of Gen
Duran to get control of the Magdalena River,

after which the taking of Barranquilla, the
most important of the Atlantic ports, will
be eompuratively easy lh is reported from

Panama that the rebels are only «ix miles from
ihe city, nod that an attack is expected The
thsurgent soldiers nonmber 1.000 und are Com
Belisurio Porras, Some of
these men are those who are reported to have

manded by Gen

ny added Colombia from Niearagua, Dr
Guerra said yesterday that it is true that the
insurgents intend to attack Panama, Gen

Porras, in an interview with Commander W.W
Mead of the United States cruiser Philadel-
phia at David, in the Department of Panama,
said that foreign residents and property would
be respected. The have
sued the following statement of the inter-
terview between Gen. Porras and Commander
Mead

Commander Mead
name of my Government and in
of my countrymen in order to
the state of things after the invasion, 1 want
to know what is the condition of the Amer-

ican citizens that reside in the province where
L know they have some property and a good
amount ol capital invested. Hesides [offer
you iny good offlees to secure a peaceful ar-
rangement, that is, without any further biood-
shed. | should also ke to know what is the
wind purpose of the revolution

Gen, Porras As youmays be informed by the
Boglish and French Cousals here present, all
toreucpers have enjoyed absolute security with-
out one single object of their property having
been touched. Weareintavorof immigration
aud specially of immigration of Americans, @
poople that wuspire us with the warmest goo
Wilundadmiration, Our ain is to overthrow
the exisung slate of affairs in order to reéstab-
lish the Republican form of government tp our
country, and, should such a thing be possible
without any further bloodshed, so mueh the
better, We uus perhaps be in @ position to
accept your kiad offer later on in Panama after
we yet hold of all the downs in transit

Commander Meade bo bayve not made any
proposition, 1 have simply offered my friendly
mediation

Gen. Porras You are right, and what would
be the import of sueh mec jation?

Commande: Meade That would depend on
the propositions of one or the other of the bellig-
erents, flow long will it take you to reach
Panama?

Gen, Porras We may get to ita neighborhood
Some fifteen days alter starting from David

Commander Meade Could not these matters
be settled in some way different from the force
of arms? = Ininy country—that is a republic, as
yours -anch political or constitutional questions
are submitted to the people for them to decide
by vote .

Gen. Porras—But the conservative Govern-
ment we have does not give any freedom to
elections, knowing that it would be defeated by
that means

Commander Meade
public.

Gen. Porras ‘That is why we have come to
reostablish {t; and thought it has been said that
we have brought with us foreign help, just be-
cause we come om aforeign country, We have
only accepted the aid of enthusiastic triends of
our cause and the immense majority of the ine
vaders are Colombians

Commander Meade Now what elements are
at your disposal to insure the promised respect
for the toreign residenta?

Gen, Porras —~With the support of the people

almost totally liberal—and with our troops,
all mindful of their officers as has been demon-
strated by their behavior in accordance withmy
manifesto

Gen. Meade--What is the situation of the
movementin the rest of the country?

Gen, Porras--We have almost the whole of
the republic. The Departments of San-
tander, Bolivar and Magdalena are in our hands.

NEGROES OPPOSE FORCE POLIcY,

revolutionists is-

] have come here in the
the service
investigate

Then this is not a re-

 

Ministers Discuss the Views Expressed in T.
Thomas Fortune's Address,

That the address of T. Thomas Fortune, de-
livered on Sunday at the celebration of the
100th anniversary of John Brown's birthday,
in which be urged the negroes to forcible means
to secure their rights, does not meet the approval
of the colored clergymen and influential col-
ored citizens generally, was shown yesterday
at the meeting of the Ministers’ Union, which
is composed of the pastors of all the negro
churches of New York and vicinity, The meet-
ing was held in the St. Mark's M. E, Church fn
West Fifty-third street

The Rey, Dr. Walter H. Brooks, pastor of the
St. Mark's Church, said that Mr. Fortune was
unwise in advocating such a course. He de-
clared that while it might look like cowardice
for the negroes to stand so much without strik-
ing tack, when the day came for the adjust-
ment of his wrongs, his patience and long suffer-
ing would count greatly in the negro's favor.
These qualities, he said, were creating a sent-
ment favorable to granting the negro his rights
as a citizen, and while the sentiment might
seem dormant, yet it would some day awaken
if not this nation, some other nation to the
justice of his claims.

Mr. Brooks spoke of the zeal of Mr. Fortune
in behalf of his race and said that while there
would be no Aghting at present, yet such
speeches as Mr. Fortune's were attracting the
attention of the world to the negro question
and were inspiring the negro to more insistent
demands for his riahts

Dr. P. Butler Tonspyine, pastor of the Pres-
byterian Chureh, said that while Mr. Fortune's
speech was radical in tener yet it contained
many truths; and that while the negro could
not hope to secure any thing by forcible methods
his salvauon lay in creating a healthy publie
sentiment in jus behalf

Dr. W. H. Moore, pastor of St James M. E.
Chureh, Newark. sald that the South seemed
so utterly blind to the rights of the negro and
Was so persistent in its outrages upon the life
and liberty of the colored people that it seemed
as if some great awakening would be necessary
before that section would realize that the negro
isa man and that of one blood God had created
all peoule to dwell upon the face of the earth

The Rey. KR. J. Strothers, pastor of the Bethel
4. M. E. Church, Jersey City, thought that the
negroes should leave the South. The negro
had made the South. and if he should leave the
wople there would have to employ dissatiafied
Foreign labor and strikes and bloodshed would
result,

 

1,000 ITALIANS COMING HERE,
They Are Due Next Sanday and Some of
Them May Not Be Allowed to Land.

The immigration oficials hero have been ra
quested to look out for the appearance of
about 1,000 Italian immigrants, due here
next Sunday aboard the Spanish steamship
Gran Antilla, It is alleged that some of them
are undesirable and that many are under
contract to work for padrones in this neigh-
borhood. The steamship is consigned to Pugh
& Co, The complainantsin the eave, it issaid, are
interested in regular Italian steamship lines
which doubtless would not object to bringing
over a thousand Italians at the regular steerage
rates Pugh&Co donotknow who owns or
charters the steamship.

At the Barg+ Office it was said that Sicilian
att were managing the matter, It js
likely that many of the Italians will be held up
on the ground that they may become public
charges, The Gran Antillasailed from Genoa
on May 17, from Naples on May 2t and from
Tarifion May 26. It is thought that mast of
tne Italians hope to get work on the apid
Transit tunnel

 

—_——--—_
Admiral de Richeliea Visits the Navy Yard,

Admiral Aduplessis de Richelieu of the
Siamese Navy, accompanied by John Barrett,
ex-United States Minister to Siam, visited the
navy yard in Brooklyn yesterday morning
They were escorted around the yard by ©
Frank Wildes, Commander Henry W. L B+)
Lieutenant-Commander John A. H. Nickels
The party visited the various shors, the dry

ocks and the big battleship Kearsarge The
visitors Jefton the tue Nira) The Admiral will
sail for Burope to-day onthe Kaiser Wilhelm
der Grosse

 

Unnecessary Inference.

From Tit- Bits.

Asamanentered a picture gallery the attendant
tapped him on the shoulder and, polntin,
cur that followed him, sald = es mee
* Dogs are not admitted.”
* That's not my dog,’’ replied the visitor.
‘ Bo ae rn ried the old i
. jo you !"" re old gentieman, s! i
The attendant growled, and removed the prvi! Aa
entirely unnecessary violence,

        
       

ARGENTI BXTRADITION TREATY.
Negotiated ®Y Secretary Olney- Ratifications
Just EXchanged at Buenos Ayres.

Wasatnoras, June 4. The final act in the
perfection of 4 treaty with a history was con-
summated today at Buenos Ayres, when the
ratifications of An agreement between the United
States and the Argentine Republic for the ex-
tradition of eoPiminals were exchanged, A
telogram notify {ne the’ State Department of
the exchange was received from United States
Minister Lord thy afternoon, ‘This treaty was
negotiated by Mperetary of State Olney in
1807 and went to}the Senate for confirmation
in February of thgt vear. It contained a pro-
vision which perr&itted the President of the
United States to Qurrender citizens of this
country for trial ing Arwentine. By the terms
of the treaty the P@esident of Argentine was
similarly empowered With respect to citizens
of bis country wang for crimes committed
in the United States} Objection to this pro-

Vision was made in theSenate and the opponents
of it secured the ama@udment of the treaty by
striking: the prov inion from the agreement,
President Cleveland was criticised in the Sen-
ate for permitting suet a provision to be in-
serted in the treaty. As amended the treaty
wus sent back to the Argentine Government,
aud after considerable delay the Foreign OMce
wuthorities at Buenos Ayres agreed to the
change made by the Senate The exchange
to-day marks the end of the negotiations

This is the first extradition between the
United States and Argentin®. Por many years
the South American country, was a tavorite
refuge for American criminals, O'Brien, the
New York buned steerer of, world-wide no-
torlety, who killed a companion in a Paris rail
way station, fled from the United States to Argen-
tina, and the unsuccessful efforts of this Gove
ernment to secure his extradition were largely
responsible for the negotiation of the treaty,

The Senate last year reversed, the policy
followed in the case of the Argentine treaty
by ratifying an extradition treaty between the
United States and Mexico, which permits the
President ot the United States to surrender
its own citizens to the Mexican agthorities
for trial for crimes committed in that country
The tirst and most notable instance where the
President exercised the power given him hy
the treaty was in surrendering to Mexica Mra,
Mattie Rieh, an American woman, now serve
ing a fifteen-vear sentence for killing her hus
band at Juarez, Mexico

 

  
    
  
   
   
 
  

GIFT OF $100,000 FOR COLUMBIA,

From an Agonymous Donor to Be Used for @
Y. M. ©, A. Batlding on the Campus.

An anonymous gift of $100,000 was announced
at the trustees’ meeting of Columbia University
yesterday, The money is given for the con.
struction of a students’ ball to be used by the
College YM. C. A, for “the development of the
spiritual, philanthropie and religious life of the
student body." It is proposed to erect the
structure on the Amsterdam avenue side of the
campus on the upper level, next to the present
engineering building, and the plans and specl-
fications are now being prepared by McKim,
Mead & White. The building will be similar
tothe Phillips Brooks House at Harvard

A gift of $10,000 was received from Phelps,
Dodge & Co, for a special endowment fund for
the university schools of mining and metal-
lurgy. M. Guggenheimer’s Sons presented

2,500 and T#wisohn Brothers gave $1,000 for
the same fund

The following faculty appointments were
made: Nelson Glenn MeCrea, adjunct professor
of Latin: William Addison Hervey, instruetor
in Germanic languages and literatures; Arthur
F.d. Remy, tutorin German: binil A.C. Keppler,
assistant in German; Dr, Frank Hartley, pro-
fessor of climieal surgery and instructor in
operative surgery: Dr, Franeis H. Markoe, pro-
fessor of clinical surgery at the New York Hose

‘ital, Dr, Robert A. Budington and Dr. Nathan
Villiam Greene, assistant demonstrators in
anatomy, Dr. Burn Gallaudet, demonstrator

in anotomy. Mrs. Edith R. Darrach was ape
tet adviser for the graduate students of
arnard Cojlege

The different faculties of the university
elected their deans for the ensuing year as fol-
lows: College, John Howard Van Amringe;
applied science, Prof. Frederick Remsen Hut-
ton; political seience, Prof. John W. Burgess:
philosophy, Prof. Nicholas Murray Butler;
pure science, Prof. Robert Simpson Wood-
ward

GERMAN CATHOLICS PROTEST.

 

Thev Complain of Oppression of Catholics in
Our Colontes,

Derroir, Mich. June 4.-The ninth annual
convention of the German Catholic societies
opened in this city to-day withan attendance
of 125 delegates from all parts of the country.
The attitude of the Government toward Cath-
olies in our new possessions was criticised,
Father Ziclenbach of Philadelphia, Provincial
a the Fathers of the Holy Ghost, said in an ad-
dress

“Tt must be remembered that laymen have an
apostolic duty to perform. They mugs raise
their voice and protest against the oppression
of Catholies in our colonies and the outrages
which are committed against the followers of
our faith.”

Father Gruenewald of this city in his address
to the delegates said) ‘We are merely pointing
out facts aud protesting against them. If the
cap fits the Administration, it is not our fault,
Wewill see to i: that each Congressman re-
ceives our resolutiors, whieh wil) be drafted in
line with these sentiments and that they will ba
seattered broadcast throughout the Catholle
homes in this country.’

F.C. BDENEDICT’S BARREL CLOSED.

Greenwich Democrats Not to Go to the Con-
vention on a Vacht This Year.

Grrenwica, Conn, June 4.- The closing of EF.
C. Benedict's barrel is said to account for the
fact that the Democratic Town Committee of
Greenwich failed to appoint delegates to the
coming State Convention Last year Mr,
Benedict took alarve company of Democrats,
including the deleyates, to the convention at
Bridgeport on the yacht Oneida, ‘This year the
lown Committee took no steps tohold a caucua,
The time provided by law ex} ired on Saturday
lo-night a score of Democrats held an informal
caucus and appointed James Hagcerty, Wiliam
Boles, J Flynn, James Cramer and R.H
Carmichaelas delegates Thev are all Bryan
men, while last vear’s delegates were go'd men,
The delegates have not received an invitation
from Mr. Benedict to go to the convention on
the Oneida and so will go by rail.

 

COLUMBIA TO HONOR PAUNCEFOTE.

British Ambassador to Receive the Honorary
Degree of Doctor of Laws.

It was announced vesterday that nine honor-
ary degrees would be granted by Columbia
University at its coming commencement on June
13. Therecipients of such degrees are not an-
nounced until commencement day itself, but it te
well understood now that President Hadley of
Yale, ex-Speaker Thomas B. Reed, Lord Paun-
cefote, British Ambassador at Washington,
will all receive the honorary degree of Doctor
of Laws, Dr. Williain H. Maxwell, City Superine

tendent of Schools will be made a Master of
Arta,

 

Vresentet

    

Salvador's New Mi-tster
President,

WASHINGTON, June 4. The Secretary of State
presented the new Minister from Salvador,
Rafael Zaldivar, to the President to-day. In
response to Minister Zaldivar's address the
President said:

You are right, Mr. Minister, in counting
upon the friendly disposition of thie Govern-
ment and of the people of the United States to
do all in their power to foster and, if poasible,
increase the friendly relations which now 80
happily subsist between our two republies. It
willbe my pleasure to co‘perate with you to
that beneficent and "

Vassar to Have a Biological Laboratory.

PovonKEEPsir, June 4 The $50,000 required
to builda biological laboratory at Vassar Col-
lege has been raised A year ago $25,000 was
given for that purpose by a person in New Eng-
land whose name was not disclosed, provided
another $25,000 could be obtained to complete
the sum needed The Boston branch of the
Vassar alumna took the matter in hand, and
have in one year raised the money

   

 

 

New Extradition Treaty With Switzerland.

WASHINGTON, June 4 The President has
transmitted to the Senate a treaty with Switz
erland, amending the present extrad tion treaty
with that country by including additional of-
fences for which criminals who seek refuge in
either country can be extradited, The treaty
was considered by the Senate in executive ses-
sion thia afternoon but went over without
action until to-morrow

The Princess in the House Diplomatic Gallery.

WASHINGTON, June 4. - Among the visitors In
the House diplomatic gallery to-day were Lord
Pauncefote, the English Ambassador, and the
Princess Aribert of Anhault, granddaughter of
sueen Victoria, who is a visitor incognito at
the embassy. Speaker Henderson learned of
freir presence aad ome pom a note extend

apliments, ar auncefote
with his thanks for the courtesy. ;

onke:
rtoe
otu ll

nd vic

more

{an

roni o

Loull

ae he o'
Dp

nce

*