ON THD NEW YORK STAGE
one oe aes om

 

 

n and Victory Bateman Interesting
personally and Professionally tn Continu-
ous Performances~A Robertson Comedy.
-garden vaudeville shows
The weather was unpro-

John Maso

The season of roof
began ‘ast night

pltious, and so the start was more
ominal than actual The tops of theatres
were too cool and damp = for com-
fort, At the Victoria there was a sufficient

amount of gay vivacity to keep the oceasion
from anything like a depressed state. Even
qhen the eloctric lights went out and the enter-
tainment was suspended in darkness for awhile
the people made merry over the mishap. The
Venetian Terrace, as the uniquely attractive
structure over the Victoria 1s named, had been
tintoa spick andspan condition, and nothing
but heat below was lacking to make it a de-
lightful resort up there. The central platform
was used instead of an ordinary stage, as had
been done last vear, and the performance
thereon was to aconsiderable extent @ circus.
It included juggling by Satsume, acrobatic
feats by the Navarros, remarkable bicycling
brothers, bur-

by the Johnstone a

lesque prizefight by the Rossow midgets,
qrestling and other things by Morris's ponles,
eccentricities by the long Hayes and
the short Healy, tumbling by the one
woman and the two men Livingstons,
and the Wormwood circus of dogs and
monkeys. hese things, ranging from pretty

fair to extremely good, were more suitable and
effect | for an open-air show than the ordinary
apeciaites of vaudeville. Besides them
there were tip-toe dances by a tall
and violent Marian Winchester, some dancing
of more conventional grace, by Czarina, tenor
yoealism by Giovanni Portonova with a Laz-
garoni orchestra, and negro songs and dancrs
by | ouise Dresser and her pickaninnies

The other roof garden open tothe air, the one
a-too Koster & Bial’s Music Hall, was an-
pouneed to open Saturday, but it did net on
accountof the rain, The starting of the sum-
mer season was advanced to last night,
but again postponed because the management
considered the weather too cold for comfort in

the night air. The garden is much handsomer
than last year, though its chief attraction, its
is unchanged 4 big fountain has

coolness

been built in the centre of the roof, and colored
lights play on its streaming waters. More
plants Rave been putin front of the boxes
that extend down each side of the part
set aside for reserved serta. Palms have
been put iin convenient corners, and
more colored lights have been put on the

arches. If warin enough, and clear, the roof
willopen to-night, when the Hungarian Band
from the café will play during the intermissions
and after the showat che back, and the enter-
tainment from the music hall will be given on
thestage ‘Theshow, which is excellent, starts
with a clever clay modeller, Bicknell. He
tands a few feet from a board, onto which
e throws soft clay, which he = forms
f into faces, some comic and some representing
prominent men, Mile. Olive, a jugeler, ap-
peared second, and others on the programme
are, Mile. Emmy, an animal trainer: Edwin
Latell, a clever musical comedian, Emma
Carus, whose voice had the deep tones of a
barytone; George C. Davis, Conway and Le-
land, Williams and Adams, Mohr sisters, Vou-
letti and Carlos, and Trovollo, @ vantriloquist.
The breezy weather had no effect on. the
third roof garden that waa announced to
open, the Cherry Blossom Grove on top of
the New York and Criterion theatres. Its
giuss and iron roof warms under the sun
60 thatlast nightthe place was compararively
warm. A Japanese atmosphere has been aimed
at in the new decorations. The rustic bridges
that Oscar Hammerstein built have been re-
movedand bamboo ones put in their places,
The garden's covering has been beautified with
artificial cherry blossoms and wisteria. In
eeping with these decorations was the Japanese

Net from “Broadway to Tokjo,"’ which
was given onareduced scale to suit the stage
The rest of the show was made up of excellent
famillar American vaudeville acts, and gen-
erally poor importations. Of the former class
were Montgomery and Stone, Nellie O'Neil,
Henri French, Zoe Matthews, Marguerite Cor-
nille, Stuart and Genero, and Bailey

gained matrimonial dis-
tinction personally cannot separate it: from
their professional fame. Some of therm wouldn't
if they could. De Wolf Hopper joked at the
Lambs’ gambol, as he is wont to on the stage
about his marrying habit, and Lillian Russell
often makes an audience laugh by references
to wedlock. Two players who made transits
from legitimate drama to vaudeville yesterday,
John Mason and Victory Bateman, had lately
been published far and wide in divorce cases,
pew marriages and other affairs of the heart,
It is unlikely that their salaries were any the
less on that account. It is certain that they
were objects of extra interest individually,
Mrs, Bateman-Mestayer acted at Proctor’s
Fifth Avenue in theGilbert comediette of “Sweet-
hearts” with her husband, Harry Mestayer.
She had gained in plumpness to a pudgy degree,
and lost nothing in cleverness, since seen last
before on the New York stage. She will be
recalled by many readers as a handsome young
Woman with a lovely voice and a technical
command of the best method in acting. During
her absence she had been a leader in Southern
and Western resident companies, In St. Loni-
sie had met Mr. Mestaver, and the ensuing
courtship and marriage had been attended
by readable epizodes, The audience yesterday
@fternoon gave to the husband a thoroug
looking over upon his entrance. He was a
resentable young fellow, seemingly about
wenty-one, no taller than his wife, and not
pressive. In the half-hour play, with its
rt scene of u girl's coquettish parting with
er ardent lover, and {ts second of his return
after thirty years to find that she was fond
and true after all, the burden was borne by
Mrs Mestayer with little help from her com
panion, He got through his part in barely
feapectable mediocrity, while she, thong
rather mature as the whimsical young er,
was so tinaffectedly and tenderly pathetic in
the guise of the middle-aged woman that she
won the uncommon tribute of tears from a
vaudeville assemblage. This fact is not given
eoreapect to the people who go to the con-
Unuous shows. They are quite up to the general
theatrical average in intelligence and appear-
ance. The Fifth Avenue was at this time
ndsomely occupied. But mirth prevails in
ese houses, and it is not easy to make so
Sentimental a piece as “Sweethearts” effectual,
Mrs. Mestaver did it. Mr. Mestayer was of no
Particular use save as a personal exhibit,

Actors who have

John Mason made an odd essay at Keith's. The
Programme announced him in a medium of
bis own make with assistance from Grant Stew-
art, and gave its title as “His Life's Lesson.”
The actor's recent doings have been exploited
anda hint had been given that this monologue
Would treat of his personal affairs. But it did
not. In the character of a social degenerate
the actor returned to his home from a meeting
With men friends at 3 o'clock in the morning,
He entered his rooms singing jovially, but
Without a sign of intoxication. As he opened
& mall that consisted entirely of duns, he ex-
Dlained that he had promised to return at mid-
dight and expressed much contrition for his
misbehavior, With resort to a decanter of
Uquor he told how naughty he had been and
how his indulgent father had refused further to
*upport him, A later recourse to the decanter
turned him to talking of the friends he had
Just left and to telling an incident of one of
them that was rather weak in its comicality.
Then there was more contrition, followed by
the assertion that the end had come. This
hinted of suicide, but it was explained that the
*pendthrift had enlisted in the army in order
that his father might know that money set
aside for the young wife's support would goto

Talone, From remorseful suicid
i no. side to donnin,
that Sain’s blue was a dramatic fall for the
re ling hero, but it was accompanied by a
in beverages. Four visits to the decanter

ad aroused ¢ : ;
Could « ed a thirst that only champagne

Quench, and the household's last pint

ot ine ke ed after much declamatory pralee
hd tes etage. Following a sip of it the hus-
Hist mht he could break the news of his
ing in the to the wife he supposed to be sleep-
oF eaid thee room, A note left for him by
tardincs ‘iat she was greatly distressed by his
more cor Abe had gone away. Then came
bya ine essions of a naughty. boy, followed
@Ass of the wine in honor of the distressed

view tr renith this in hand he passed from
the wifa's rh aghast with the knowledge that
Psson i thee (tway had been suicide, As a
With the ine evil consequences of staying out
In this sacs) (he monologue had a moral.
borough ol at nt, teed not have come to the

£h ot Manhattan, as it did, with a Boston

Indorsenjer
the eros me pnhere were hints, also, as to

; thing free advantage of one’s
ereatl yet the wife did not seem to suffer
t poset that feature of the husband's
Pa pesihy he had done something naught-
v0 led bana to aie 8 to the decanter might
ft stood his wife took he:

what it was. But as
took her
rsh fy We bes ea

i ——————eEeEeEeeEeEeEee

ee

Four melodramas of as many distinct kinds
persisted further against the lateness of the
season last night. James K. Hackett figured
valiantly in the sentimental romance of “The
Pride of Jennico” at the Criterion. William
Gillette in the detective wonders of “Sherlock
Holmes” at the Garrick, Elita Proctor Otis in
the passionate furies of “Woman and Wine” at
the Academy of Music and William Haworth in

the Christian martyrdom of “Quo Vadis” at the
New York.

The Donnelly stock company at the Murray
Hill began the final week of its season with the

Robertson comedy of “Caste,” in which Kcclea
was played by Henry V. Donnelly with unction.
_ Yesterday's continuous shows were noticeable
for pleasing successions of variety, with here
and there brief dramatic installments, Wil-
ams and Tucker and Fish and Warren were
to the fore at Pastor's, Some motion pictures
of South African war scenes were new at the
Eden Musée.

At Proctor’s Twenty-third Street the Cohans
were amusing in a farce that filled twice the
time of a specialty, a point that of itself requires
bright performances to avoid dulness Della
Rocca, Ethel Levy and Yorke and Adams were
some of the variety folk.

Isabelle Urquhart played a familiar comedi-
etta at Proctor’s Palace, and there were lively
specialties from Zeno and Carl, Jess Dandy and
Fanny Fields,

Performers to the fora at Proctor’s Fifth
Avenue were the Hawaiian, three women
whose sketch is to comic opera what the vaude-
ville short farce is to a full-length comedy; and
McIntyre and Heath, who are laughable imi-
tators of forlorn negroes,

Lockhart's elephants, small ones this time,
were an amusing exhibit at Keith's, where Wills
and I oretto and the Johnsons were specialists.

 

LIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWN,

 

Some of the larger stores on upper Broadway
are now rented for the greater part of the time,
although in accordance with a practice which
has only become general during recent years.
This rule holds good especially in the case of
stores of great size and conspicuous situation.
Their rents are so high that only the most pros-
perous concerns could afford to qeoupy thems

n the

permanently. The resylt of this has
creation of a new form of tenancy. One of
these big stores will be rented by some

concern anxious to bring its products to the at-
tention of the clase of persons that pass up
and down certain sections of Broadway. It is
never intended to eooapy these places for more
than a few months, an t oondition is under-
stood by both landlord and tenant. Many of
the large stores on upper Broadway have gone
through this experience severa) times before
permanent tenants who rented the building fo

he regular transaction of their business coul

be found. This class of tenancy in spite of {ta
transient nature ts popular with lJandlords.
High rents are paid without dispute and thu

excellent and profitable occupants are foun

until permanent tenants who are able to pay
such high prices comne along.

 

Mrs. Franz Kaltenborn, wife of the conductor,
has always been held responsible for much of
his success, and it was through her tact and en-
ergy that the concerts at the St. Nicholas Gar-
den succeeded last summer when various other
better-known conductors bad tried the same
experiment and failed, It began to look as if

the demand for good music at popular prices,
with the opportunity of enjoying mild liquidre-
freshment did not really exist here, in spite of
the repeated declarations to the contrary.
The Kaltenborn concerts, however, esata
lished the genuineness of the demand,
and the audience on Saturday night was
large enough to promise another auccessful
year forthe enterprise. Mrs. Kaltenborn was
nearly as active in the auditorium as her
husband was on the platform, She waa busily
directing the ushers to find seats for late ar-
rivals and looking after their comfort in var-
fous other ways. Mrs. Kaltenborn’s labors
have already been rewarded with such a degree
of success that she has earned the distinction
whichis givento her this year. Her photo-
graph hangsinthelobby of the hall next to
her husband's Under {t is the word ‘'Man-
ager,’ and everybody familiar with her share
in the concerts realizes that she is entitled to
have her picture displayed in this fashion.

 

~-—

CARVALHO AT A COURT-+MARTIAL,

 

 

Handwriting Expert Testifies Against Lieut.
Martin.

The prosecution in the court-martial trial of
Lieut. Edward M. Martin of the Fifth Artillery
sprung another surprise on the defence by in-
troducing David H. Carvalho, the handwriting
expert, when the hearing of testimony was
resumed at Fort Hamilton yesterday. Mr.
Carvalho said he had been engaged by Judge
Advocate Lieut. Brooke Payne to make an
examination and comparison of the allaged
falsified receipts and the account books uept
by Lieut. Martin, while Martin was Treasurer
of the post exchange and canteen at Fort Han-
cock. He had spent over six hour sin the
examination, and in his opinion the handwriting
on certain pages in the books where the signa-
ture of Iieut. Martin appeared was that of the
person who wrote the receipts. Toaidhim
in the examination, Carvalho further said,
he had used a microscope and protractor and
had found similarity, peculiarity and variations.
In the receipt of the Alexander Campbell Milk
Company, where the name of Schwartz ap-

ared the writing was more or lesa disguised.

he person who signed the receipt changed
the manner of holding the pen and used more
reasure on the capital letters. In the email
etters there was a poor attempt at disguise.
In the “Recieved payment” on the billa the same
pecullarity of the “R's” and “B's” existed as in
the books

Mr Carvalho for the benefit of the Court made
an illustration of the eepital and sinall letters
and pointed out the pen movement which, he
snid, had been used nh answer to a question
by the Court; be seid that he had made a chemical
test of the ink used in signing the receipts and
that of the writtng {n the books and had found
that hey were the same. The red ink sedin
the recefpt of Charles H. Bilharz was also found
in Martin's records. Bilharz last week
testified that he had never used red ink in his
business and that his name hed been forged on
the receipt.

In the crose-examination Lawyer Edward
Hyimer got Carvalho to say that he had differed
with other handwriting experts when they had

been pitted against him in cases. He further
said that he had found dissimilarities in the
handwriting in question, He laid stress on

the “th’s” and said that in almost every place
where they were found !n the wriing the person
had written differently.

WOOLSON COMPANY'S REPLY.
It Accuses the Arbackles of Trying to Get
Trade Secrets Improperly,

Tourpo, Ohio, June 4.—The Woolson Spice
Company filed its anawer this afternoon in the
suit brought by John Arbuckle, William V. R,
Smith, James N. Garvie and William A. Jamie-
son for an order to inspect the company's books.
The case will be heard on its meritson July 2
by Judge Pugsley. Among other things the
answer says:

“That shortly before Dec, 31, 1896, the new
purchasers of said stock inaugurated a policy
of extending the business of said Woolson
Spice Company by reducing the selling price of
coffee which had been maintained, ar hereafter
shown, at an exorbitant and extravagant price
and profit. That with full knowledge of the
purchase of said stock and the inauguration
of the policy of the new owners, the said

laintiffs induced said John 8. Acklip,

r., to refuse to sell or deliver his stock,
under the terms of said purchase, and by offer-
ing said Acklin $100,000 for sixty shares of stock
induced him to deliver said stock to them; and
thereupon without any notice to said Woolson
Spice Company, its officers, directors or
avente, orany requestof any kind, immedi-
ately instructed counsel to file a petition
agninst suid Woolson Spice Company to enjoin
it from doing business, to declare {ts charter
forfeited, to appoint a receiver for it, to sell its
assets and destroy its life

“and defendants aver that said plaiptifishave
no other purpose in seeking an examination o
the books of the Woolson Spice Company than
the unlawful one of seeking cause for vexatious
litigation against said company and
in their own interest as its rival to
obtain, for the purpose of = injurin
said Woolson Spice Company, information o
its customers, dealers, methods of business,

rocesses, contracts and transactions, which
in their rivalry they seek to nse for the injury
and hari of the Woolson Spice Company.”

New York Insurance Broker Arrested.

PHILADBLPHIA, June 4 —James R. Atkinson,an
insurance broker who is a member of the firm of
C. 8. Atkinson & Co. of New York, was required
this afternoon to furnish $),000 bail fora further
hearing on a charge of having violated th
jasurance jaws of Pennaylyania. It is alleg
that he placed Insurance for local firms with
companies not authorized to do business in
Pennsyivania

 

 

 

{ PDamrosch to Condact at the Opera Hose,

Mr. Walter Damrosch has been engaged by
Mr.Grau as conductor for the operas to be

mber of the popular
next season of the

in German et an
Gabe aaraee
rau a Company.

;

 

GOVERNOR AT STATE CAMP,

— ee

DROPS OFF AT ROA'S HOOK on
THE WAY TO ALBANY,

mmnenee
Catches Up With the Tweaty-second Regi-
ment Marching to the New Camp and
Rides In at {its Head-One Man Falls by
the Wayside—Salute for the Governor.

@rare Camp, Peekskill, June 4.—It was a
sort of informal visit Gov. Roosevelt made
to the State camp to-day. He merely dropped
in for half a day on his way up to Albany. If
the big 12-pounder brass sun on the hil
crest above the ferry landing had kept quiet!
the fact that the Governor had arrived would
hardly have been known even in camp, to say

nothing of over in Peekskill town,

But exactly at 10 o'clock in the morning
the gun started in on its salute of nineteen,
and then all the country for miles around knew
he had got here. He kept to his programme
exactly as it had been outlined on Saturday,

The fast through train which he took at the
Grand Central Station at 845 in the morning,
and which ts scheduled to make its first stop
at Poughkeepsie, was halted at Roa’s Hook
for his special benefit, and awaiting him were
Gen. Roe, Col. Henry and Major Greer, who
had ridden down from the camp to meet him,
Two or three grooms accompanied them with
“Black Prince,” which was the horse selected
for the Governor's use, together with other
saddle horses for those who night accompany
him.

There were only twoin the Governor's party be-
sides himself. Adjutant-General Hoffman, who
went down to New York from Albany on Satur-
day, was one of them, and Col. Treadwell, the
military private secretary, was the other. Only
Col. Treadwell was in uniform, but the Adjutant-

General had his military clothes with him and
went into the “White House” at headquarters
and put them on as soon as he got to the top
of the hill. The Governor only changed his
sboes for a pair of riding boots, and then was
ready for the road over which the ‘Twenty-
second Regiment was at that moment mareh-
ing on its way to the new camp at Lake Mohe-
gan, seven miles away. 4

The Sixty-ninth Kegiment was engaged in
battalion drill when the Governor arrived and
went right on with their work as if he were
just an ordinary visitor, They were still hard
at it when he, Gen. Roe, Adjutant-General
Hoffman, Major Greer and Col. Henry galloped
across the parade ground on the way to the lake.

It was then 10:45 and the Twenty-second
Regiment had been tolllad over Uie steep hills
of the road for two hours. The regiment
got away in fine shape. The tearmsters were
stirring as early as 4 o'clock in the morning.
The orders were that the work of loading the
wagons should begin at 6 o'clock and at one
minute before 6 the first piece of baggage
was thrown in. Tents were «truck under
the inspection of Capt. Lyon of the Twenty-
second Regular Army Regiment, who, on the
day before had given the regiment instruce
tions in that very matter, and he expressed
himself as much pleased with the way in which
the work was done

The march was made in four stages, the
firat halt of twenty minutes being made from
015 to 935. Another halt way made from
10:21 to 10:41 and «till another from 11:24 to
11:49. The regiment reached the camping

ound at 12:15 and seven men had fallen out
uring the march. One of these who only
weighed 110 pounds found the steep hills and
the fifty-two pounds burden he had to carry
so much beyond his strength that he had to
be carried into camp in an ambulance. The
other six came struggling in a litle after the
regiment arrived. Capt. Lyon said this was
an admirable showing considering the fact
that muny of the men had come right out of
offices and stores and were practically withe
out training

Gov. Roosevelt and his escort came up with
the regiment at the lust halt at 11:49 and rode
at the Faad of the column to the camping around.

ound. Here he watched the work of piteh-
ee tents until 1 o'clock and then rede back
to the State camp, arriving at 2 o'clock in the
afternoon. He remained until about 4 o'clock
and then in company with the Adjutant- Gen-
eral and Col. Treadwell, got into an ambu-
lance and rode to Roa’s Hook, where he got
a train at 4:30 for Albany

The Lake Mohegan camp is on a hillside
and with the wind tn the wrong direction, or
with no wina at all, promises to be fine training
grounds for soldiering in the tropics, but does
not provide much in the way of comfort for
the men. There is practically no shade of
any kind in the fleld and the sun in the after-
noon beats down with great intensity. The
lake in the distance looks cool through the
boughs of the trees that border its edae, and
that may be a consolation and {t may not
The Twenty-second will remain until Wednes-
day and then the Sixty-ninth will take its turn
at marching and testing the advantages of
the lake shore camp.

Just before the Governor caught up with
the regiment to-day he found two companies
of the Lake Military School drawn up in fine
order by the roadside to greet him. The boy
soldiers presented arms and the Governor
complimented them on their fine appearance

 

Coe—Rogers.

The weddng of Miss Mal Huttleston Rogers
and Willlam R. Coe was celebrated yesterday
afternoon, The ceremony wus performed by
the Rev. Robert Collyer, und only relatives and
some close friends of the families were present at
the ceremony and reception afterward at the
home of the bride's parent«, Mr and Mrs. Henry

H. Rogers, 26 Kast Fifty-seventh street. The
bride is their youngest daughter The
bridegroom was previous to yesterday's wed-
ding a widower, Heisan Englishman, but has

made his home in New York for the past seven
ears, Mr. Voeis a member of the Colonial and
alumet clubs ard of the Staten [sland Cricket
Cluband the Merion Cricket Club of Phila-
delphia.

 

Goodman— Vail,

The wedding of Miss Hawlene O!mstead Vail,
Ganghter of Mr. and Mrs J. William Vail, to
George L. Goodman of California took place
last nightin Christ Protestant Epi copal Chureh
in Bedford avenue, Brooklyn The Rev. Dr
James H. Darlington, rector of the church, per-
formed the ceremony Miss Ruth Anna Bridges
of Newark, N. J, was maidof! onor and the
bridestjaids were Miss Marion Emery and Miss
Blanche Homan. Dr. hdward Titus was best
man and the ushers were Dr. Jesse B Stone,
Leslie Maynard, James Conway and (. Edwards
of Manhattan, and Holmes M. Narwood and
Arthur P. MeGowan of Brooklyn,

Depew-- Adams,

Mrs. Perry Adamsind Mitchell Depew were
married yesterday afternoon at the home of
the bride, 100 West Seventy-sixth sireet. The

Rev, Dr. Rebert Russell Rooth performed the
ceremony. There were no bridesmaids Can-
son Depew attende. his brother as hest man
William Tanner, Courtiandt Toyvlor, George 8
Weaver and Frederick Ho Semple were the
ushers, Only the relatives of the couple and a
few intimate friends were present. The bride,
who was the widow of Clinton Adams of this
city. was formerly Miss Perry of Norfolk, Va
Mr. Depewis a nephew of Senator Chauncey
M. Depew. ,

Haynes—Wheelan.

Mias Isabel Mary Wheelan and Harry Evert
Haynes were married last night at the home of
the bride’s mother. Mrs. Mary Wheelan, 472

Madison street. Brooklyn The ceremony was
performed by the Rev. Dr William A. Wasson
rector of St. George's Protestant Kpiscoral
Church. Mias Ida Florence Wheeinn and Miss
Josephine Shannon were bridesmaida and
Charles Addoma of Manhattan was beat man.

Kelsay—Smith,

Miss Maude Smith and Ralph Lyford Kelsay,
eon of the Rev. Dr R.B. Kelsay, were married
yesterday afternoon at the home of the bride's

parents, Mr. and Mrs. Carll Valentine Sm
180 South Fifth street, Brooklyn ihe Rev {ie
Jaines H Darlington, rectorof Christ Protes-
tant Episcopal Church, performed the cere-
mony. Misa Blanche Lichtenstein was maid of
honor, and Dr. Harry Y. Kelsay best man

Army and Navy Orders,

WASHINGTON, June 4.—These naval orders have
been Issued

Naval Cadet W. J. Roper, from the Porter tn
nection with {instruction at the Torpedo Ration, one
month's sick leave granted, and then report to the
Maye eee for examination physically

Acutenant Commander. Cc. Cre iave t
Colege, for course «f instruction widdedecainahabel

JAeutenant-Commander J. F. Roller, to duty at
Navy Yard, Boston as relief of Lieut, Smith. F

Lieut. RC. Smith, detached from works of George
Lawley & Son, June 12, 1900, to Kearsarae,

e Capt. N. M. Dyer, detached from Navy Yard, Ros
ton to special temporary duty in. charge of Puget
Sound Naval Station, Bremerton, Wash., during the
erence of Fant Cogblan

‘apt. ©. F. Goodrich, upon arrival home, to prepare
pcourae of lectures for delivery at Naval War allege,
Newyor

Lieut, P. Williams, detached from office of Captain
of Yard, Navy Yard, |. ague Isiand, w Richmond,

immediately
Ileut, C ON. Atwater, detached from the Naval
Aademy, to the Monongahe a

Lievieuant Commander tl. WA Underwood, detached
from the AiMance when pieced out of commission, to
eval War College, Newport, for course of instrue

Lieut, H
foe ante

asistant-Surgeon J. R. Whitt jetached fro)
the Chicago to \ o Lontgomerse > -

aase tant Surgeon A. M. D. Mej‘ormic!
deucned from the Montgomery to the Chica »

G. Macfariand, to home via the Disie,

a Sal ee il)

Tilk SUN, TUESDAY,

| after engagements

J take weeks to prepare

 

. m oe Ry a eee ”

SENATE PROCEEDINGS.

Pro- Boer Resolation Introduced —House Anti-
Trust Bill Received.

WASHINGTON, June 4.-The Senate met at
10 o'clock this morning. A resolution offered
by Mr. Mason (Rep., Ill.) expresses the hope
of the Senate that the war in South Africa may
cease at an early day upon terms satisfactory
to those engaged therein, including inde-
pendence for the South African States, It
was laid on the table temporarily.

In an effort to have a special arrangement
made for private pension bills, Mr. Pettigrew
(Pop., 8. D.) protested against it. He said
that more pension bills had been passed this
session than at any other session for years,
and that that indicated conclusively either
that the pension laws are defective and unjust
or that special favors are granted for politi-
cal purposes.

A substitute was reported from the Finance
Committee by Mr. Aldrich (Rep., R. 1), its
chairman, for the House bill to provide better
facilities for the safe keeping and disbursement
of public moneys in the Philippine Islands,
Cuba and Porto Rico, and it was passed. It
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
designate one or more banks or bankers in the
Philippine Islands, Cuba and Porto Rico in
which public moneys may be deposited, pro-
vided satisfactory security be given by deposit-
ing bonds in the Treasury to an amount not less
than the aggregate sum at any time on deposit,

In having recommitted to the Committee on
Post Offices a bill for the Classification of clerks
in the first and second class post offices, Mr.
Wolcott (Rep., Col. ), chairman of the Post Office
Committee, mentioned “as a warning and sug-
gestion” that clerks of first and second class
post offices had been contributing 10 per cent,
of their compensation as a fund to influence the
legislation of Congress in their behalf. They
had been able to employ, he hoped, some good
men; but he knew of some notoriously bad
men whom they had employed, and who infested
committee rooms and corridors, The clerks
gained nothing by suchaction, Nosuchsum as
$60,000 (which had been contributed) could be
ogitimataly used by the agents of these post
office clerks.

Mr. Butler (Pop,, N.C.), a member of the Post
Office Committes, said that if all the assessments
were paid they would amount to $600,000,

Mr. Wolcott saidhe hadnodoubtofit. Every
man who was supposed to “havea pull” got him-
self employed by these poor clerks, and hung
around the capitol in the supposition that they
were pressing legislation.

Tho bill Was recoumilled,

The House bill to provide for the use of timber
and stone for domestic and industrial purposes
in the Indian Territory was passed, with an
amendment, Also, joint resolution to em-

ower the Spanish Bank of Porto Rico to amend
ts by-laws

The House Anti-Trust bill having been laid
before the Senate, Mr. Pettigrew (Pop., 8. D.)
moved that it be placed on the calendar, with-
out reference to a committee. Congress, he
said, should not adjourn until the bil had be-
come a law

Mr. Gallinger (Rep., N. H,) sald that the bill
Was tooimportant to be acted upoo without con-
sideration by a committee, and he moved its
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.

Mr. Pettigrew demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to refer

Without taking a vote on the motion the
Senate went into executive session,

When the doors were reopened, Mr. Hoar
asked the presiding officer whether under the
rule the House Ant!-Trust bill could go to the
ealendar without reference to a committee
except by unanimous consent, until it ha
ite two separate readings on two separate
days

The President pro tem, (Mr.
in the negative

“In other words,”

 

Frye) replied

said Mr. Hoar, “it will

require unanimous consent to take up the
Anti-Trust bill to-morrow or next day?”

The President protem. It will

Mr. VPetugrew Wi not & motion to proe

ceed to its consideration be in order to-mor-
row?

The President pro tem.--No, because — the
bill must lie on the table until it has had two
separate readings, and the rule is that the
two readings shall not be on the same day.
It has been read once to«day,

Mr. Allen (Pop., Neb.)>-I suppose a mae
jority of the Senate can overrule the Chair

‘The President protem.—-If an. appeal be
taken from the decision of the Chair, and if
the decision be overruled, then I suppose the
bill would be in the control of the Senate.

Mr. Allen—I ask unanimous consent to have
the second reading now

Mr. Aldrich (Rep., R. 1.}-Lobject. Itis very
evident that this bill cannot be taken up at this
sores, and this attempt to do so ja simply a
arce,

Mr. Pettigrew—I will call for its second reade
Ing toemorrow.

final action was taken by the Senate on the
District of Columbia Appropriation bill

At6@P. M. the Senate took a recess till 8, with
the understanding that after a speech from Mr
Petuigrew, no business shall be in order exe
cept conference reports and bills unobjected to

he Senate evening session opened with @
political speech by Mr. Pettigrew, in which he
attacked the Administration for things it had
done and for things it had left undone

House bill relating to certain street railway
corporations in the District of Colurnbia was
passed, It permits the amalgamation of the
street railroad companies, except the Washing-
ton Traction Company, int) a general company
to be known as the Washington ond Great Falls
Electric Company, with a capital of $15,000,000

The conference report on the Sundry Ctvil
Appropriation bill was presented at half past 9.

Me report was agreed to, and a further
conference ordere

The conference report on the Emergency
River and Harbor bilf (complete) was presented
and agreed to

At half past 10 the memorial proceedings on
the death of Kepresnitative Epes of Virginia
were begun, endat their conclusion the Senate
adjourned till to-morrow at 10 A. M,

 

CASUALTIES AWONG THE FILIPINOS,

 

Gen, MacArthur Reports 10,780 Killed, 2,104
Wounded and 10,425 Taken Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, June 4-—-Secretary Root to-
day sent to the Serate a reply tothe resolution
of that body calling for a statement showing
the number of Filipinos killed, the number
wounded and the mumber taken — prisoners
since the Philippine outbreak. The War De-
partment did not have thts information on
hand and cabled Gen, MacArthur at Manila
for it. His reply was reesived to-day and tha
answer to the resolution prepared, Gen, Mac-
Arthur says

‘Filipinos killed, 10,780; wounded, 2,104; cap-
tured and surrendered, 10,425. Number of
prisoners in our possession, about 2,000, No
svstematic record of Filipino casualties at there
headquarters, The foregoing, compiled from
large number of reports made immediately
is as close an approxima.
tion as bi now possible, owing to wide distribu
lion of troops More accurate report: would
The number reported
killed is probably in excess of accurate figures,
number reported wounded probably much
leas, as Filipinos managed to remove most of
the wounded from the fleld and comparatively
few fell into our hands. Officers of high rank
and dangerous, suspicious men have been re-
tained as prisoners; most other men discharged
on the fleld as soon as disarmed,”

 

NOMINATIONS BY THE PRESIDENT.

Porto Rico Judictal and Other Officers Named
-Naval Promotions.

WASHINGTON, June 4.--Th» President to-day
sent the following nominations to the Senate:

Jose Severo Quinones of Porto Rico, to be Chief
Justice, and Louls Sulzbacher of Missourt, Jose ©
Hiernandez of Porto Rico, Jose M. Fiqueras of Porto
Rico and Rafael Noeto y Abetile of Porto Rico, to be
Associate Justices of the Supreme Court of Porto
Ries.

William H. Holt of Kentucky, to be United States
District Judge for the distriet of Porto Rico; Kdward
S. Wilson of Ohio, to be United States District Mar
shal for the District of Porto Rico, and Noab B, b
Pettingill of Porto Hico, to be United States District
Attorney for the District of Porto Rico,

Josepo F. Daly of New York, Leo S. Rowe of Penn
sylvania and Juan Hernander Lopez of San Juan,
Porto Rice, members of the Commission to compile
and revise the laws of Porto. Rico,

Jose ©, Barbosa of San Juan, Rosendo Matienzo
Cintron of Ponce, Jose De Diego of Mayaguer, Manuel
Camunas of Fajarado and Adreas Crosag of San
gues. to be members of the executive council of Porto
dio,

Martin Grove Brumbaugh of Pennsylvania, to be
Commisatoner of Education of Porto Rico,

Jobn E, Kendrick, to be United States Marshal for
the District of Rhode Island.

Second Wieut. Robert C. Corliss, Thirty-fourth
Infantry, to be First Licutenant

Corporal John H. Ruff, Company H, Thirty-fourth

Infantry, to be Second Lieutenant,

Naval Cedets. John H. Halligan, Jr, Willlam ¢
Watts, George |. Smith, Herman J. bison, Wilbur
G. Briges, Fleteher L. SheMeld, Ralph N, Marble,

Jr, Henry C. Dinger, James A. Hand, Jr, Lyman
\. Cotton, Edward Woods, Alexander N. Mitchell,
Charles Hoone, Louls Shane, Edward W. Melntyre,
Frank L. Pinney, William P. Cronan, Ulysses 5S,
Macay, Zeno K. Briggs, Walter I, Tardy, Wilham
T. Tarrant, Guy W. Faller, Clarence A. Abele, Willlam
BH. Wells, Yancey S. Willlama, Edward T, Constien,
Thomas 'L, Johnson, George T. Pettengill, John A,
Scofield, George C. Sweet, Francis ¥. Evans, Morris
I, Brown, David C. Hanrahan, John F. Babeoek,
John S. Graham, and Charts P, Nelson, to be enstens,

Naval Cadi Henry \illiamsand Henry T. Wright,
to be Assistant Naval Constructors,

Naval Cadet Walter (. Roper, to be a Second Lieu
tenant in the Marine Corps,

 

Raid Stops an Fight-Dollar Poker Game.

The Eldridwe st eet police raided a poker
game at 43 Orchard street last night and caught
twenty-four men with 88 in cash among them,
They and Pinkus Setzer, the alleged proprietor,
were locked up.

JUNE 5, f2%t,
JERSEY'S TAX ON

sss sss stellt SSS SS

 

REVENUE OF ABOUT 81,500,000
FROM CORPORATIONS.

This Does Not Include the Railroad and Canal
Compantes—A List of the Traste Incorpe-
rated in That State—Their Capitalization
and What They Contribute in Taxes.

TRENTON, N. J., June 4.—The State Board of
Assessors to-day filed in the office of Comp-
troller Hancock a partial schedule of the tax
assessments on miscellaneous corporations for
the year 1900, Railroad and canal companies are
not in this class, The list filed embraces only
about 60 per cent. of the companies to be taxed
this year, butasall the big trusts are in the
schedule it is estimated that the assessments
represent about 90 per cent. of all the taxes to
be imposed under this head, The whole number
of companies in the schedule is 3,773 and their
taxes aggregate $1,554,126.01, which is $653,000
more than the amount of last year's schedule.
Following is a summary:

 

 

 

79 Gas and electric companies... $80,048.08
4 Life insurance companies... 03,048.40
33 Other insurance companies .. 8,064.80
7 Surety companies... .++.- 1,087.16
4 Oil pipe lines eompantes 10,666.12
1 Parlor car company........++++: 1,443.76
23 Telegraph, telephone, cable and
Xpress COMPANIES .....+seree +s 18,603.78
3662 Miscellaneous companies......... 1,265,800,60
Total. .crccorccrsercvccessevevevvenees $1,554,126,01

The two companies that will pay the State the
largest amount of tax are the Prudential In-
surance Company and the Mutual Benefit Life
Insurance Company. The former is taxed
$117,376.32, and the latter $84,280.32. The follow-
ing figures show the capitalization of some of
the trusts incorporated in this State and the
amount of tax assessed against each:

Capitalization. Tat.
American Alkali Company .....$30,000,000 65,250
American Bicycle Compary .... 39,000,000 6,250
American Cotton Ol] Company $0,067,000 5,253
American Hide and Leather

Com BE ob theaREaS 24,500,000 4,075
Amalgama' ¢ Com-

PANY... nore castes.» 78,000,000 7,800
Amertean ice Company csccsetee $5,867,000 6,618
American Linseed Oil Com-

pany . 33,500,000 6,425
American Malting Oompany 26,040,000 5,197
American Railways Company... 25,000,000 5,000
American Smelting and Refin-

ing Company * . 84,795,000 6,489
American Steel and Wire Com-

pany.. 5 cseses es 90,000,000 8,250
American Sugar Refining Com-

DAM os orerrdceaveroesdetes . 72,901,000 7,800
American Tin Plate Company.. 46,325,000 6,066
American Tobacco Company ... 68,509,000 = 7,105
American Woollen Company .. 49,292,400 6,214
Asphalt Company of America. 73,215,000 7,410
Federal Steel Com pany socsssee 09,745,200 8,737
Glucose Sugar Refining Com-

pany : ‘ 36,646,600 6,582
Jersey City, Hoboken and Pat-

erson Street Hallway Com-

pany... 0... eeeees 20,000,000 4,750
Kentucky Distilieries and Ware

house Company. -? . 29,000,000 5,200
Lake Superior Consolidated Iron

Mines ae 5 on nenees . 20,887,449 5,244
Marsden Company coceeseess 86,530,000 5,576
National Lead Company......... 20,809,400 5,240
National Steel Company . 59,000,000 6,700
National Tube Company ... 80,000,000 = 7,780
North American Company . $9,776.300 5,738
Pressed Stee! Car Company.. 25,060,000 5,000
Republic Iron and | Com-

pany... : nT’ . 46,204,000 6,160
Rubber Goods Manufacturing

Company ry 22,765,900 4,847
Standard Distilling and Distrib-

uting Company . . 24,900,000 4,950
Standard O11 Company 94,891,700 6,404

Unton Bag and Paper Com-

pany ; 27,000,000 5,100
United States Cast Iron Pipe and
Foundry Company . 24,482 150 4,904
United States Leather Company! 25,130,600 1h Oe
,0)

United States Rubber Company, 46,961,500

MUST HOLD THE PHILIPPINES.

Mr. Teller Says He Would Not Give Them Up,
but He Wont Sapport the Republican Party.

WASHINGTON, June 4.~In a speech delivered
in the Senate to-day Mr. Teller of Colorado
said that hesaw no way tosurrender the Philip-
pine Islands—no way to give up control over
them. The obligations of the United States to
the world required the maintenance of Ameri-
can sovereignty, and he belleved that that
sovereignty could be maintained consistently
with the traditions of the Government. He
believed that the United States could give to
the Filipinos political self-government and in-
dependence, in the proper sense of the term,
while the United States continued to hold sov-
ereign powers. He did not know that any-
body had ever suggested that the United States
should abandon the Philippine Islands and
leave them to be the prey of other powers
Even the senior Senator from Massachusetts
(Mr. Hoar) had declared that they should not
be turned over to Spain, but that the United
States should stand between them and the
world until they were able to take care of them-
selves, There would be, he declared, no ques-
tion of imperialism in the next campaign un-
Jess the Republican party made it. The senior
Senator from Massachusetts had predicted,
in his speech, not only the destruction of the
republic ny the ergeteser policy, but, what
seemed to hurt him much more, the destruc-
tion of the party to which he belopaed

“When the Senator got through,” Mr. Teller
continued, “I was unable to say whether his
anxiety, on which he}had expended so much
pathos and learning, arose because of his inter-
est in the cause of Hberty and freedom and ir
the people of those islands, or whether it arose
simply from the fear that the course being pur-
sued would bring his party to defeat. If any-
thing was striking in that speech it was the
Renator's appeal to his party not to face defeat
but to change their policy, which he declared
to be imperialistic, for fear of defeat. That is

keeping with the criticisms which have come
rom Republicans everywhere. Everywhere
there has been infinitely more concern about
the aalvation of the party in the coming cam-
paign than about whether justice and right
should be meted out to these people who have
fallen under our jurisdiction,

“Lshall not support the Republican party in
the coming campaian,” he continued. “I would
not support its financial policy, and I would not
support the policy foreshadowed tn the Philip-
pine bill, I would not «ive up the islanda,
either. They should be a source of great ad-
vantage to us, When weshal) mete out justice
to this people and recognize the great funda-
mental principle that all men are entitled to self

overnment, then we shall find it profitable to
fold those islands. They stand in the great
pathway of the commerce of the world, and
they can be made of infinite value to us.”

 

 

HAZEL'S NOMINATION REPORTED,

 

Senate Judiciary Committee Favors Confirma-
tion, but Action Is Postponed.

WASHINGTON, June4.—The Senate Committee
on Judiciary to-day made a favorable report on
the nomination of John R. Hazel of Buffalo to
be United States Judge of the newly created
Western Judicial Districtof New York. The
vote on reporting the nomination was not
unanimous, one Senator, Mr Pettus of
Alabama, being recorded against it. The
nomination was later reported to the Senate in
executive seasion and an attempt made to con-
firm it, but objection was made, which, under
the rules, carried it over without action until
the next executive session

 

Movements of Naval Vessels.

WASHINGTON, June 4.—The South Atlantic
aquadron, under Rear Admiral Schley'’s com-
mand, will proceed from Rio de Janeiro to
Montevideo and will return to Rio

The naval transport Scindia, which arrived
at Suez to-day, will proceed to Boston by way
of Gibraltar, where she will meet the cruiser
Albany. The Scindia |s bringing a number of
officers and enlisted men who have been in
service in the Philippines

Rear Admiral Kemey telegraphed the Navy
Department to-day that the gunboat Princeton,
whose whereabouts had been unknown to the
Departinent for some time, was stationed at
Cebu

The gunboat Fagle has sailed from Santiago
for Chirivieco; the despatch boat Dolphin from
Newport for Washington: the training shi
Ruffalo from Gibraltar for Gravesend, En. amet
the training ship Lancaster from League faiand
for Southampton, England. and the Guam sta-
tion ship Yosemite from Yokohame for Naga-
wakt. The training shio Dixie, which left Cavite
for Singapore yesterday on her way to the
United States, put lute Moilo to-day

Gen, Waod's Death Report.

WasHinaton, June 4.- Gen. Wood cabled the
War Department this morning the following

death report:

At Columbia Barracks, Quemados, first-claas
Serat. Charles E, Sherwood, Signal Corps, died
May 31, yellow fever; Private Frank Flick, KE,
First Infantry, drowned at Pinar del Rio, May
28. At Santingo, Packmaster James J. Pieburn,
diedat El Caney, May 8 pernicious malaria,
At Santa Clara, Post, Comm ssary Sergeant
Kdward Murphy, died May 25, vellow fever

There Is No Disputing
the desizable associations formed through using the
advertising columns of THE SUN. A reader of Tus
SUN may be relied upon ae an Independent Americas
Citieen.—Ada

TRUSTS. |“

deren eeepc erenenesee ern SS SPSS oS rps enn SRN
Se

NPERBNCE REPORTSIN THE HOUSE.
Mr. Cannon Attacke the Senate for Its Amend-

ments to the Sundry Civil Bill,

WASHINGTON, June 4.—A further confer-
ence report was presented to the House to-day
on the District of Columbia appropriation bill,
inoluding a disagreement on an item of $100,-
000 for a site for a municipal hospital,

Mr. Fitzgerald (Dem., Mass.) addressed the
House on sectarian appropriations, support-
ing them. He predicted the rise of a Catholic
party if the persecution of the Catholic sec-
tarian institutions continued.

Mr. Bingham (Rep., Pa.), who had been
charged with opposing the appropriation for
St, Joseph’s Asylum of the District of Colum-
bia, said he had acted while on the Conference
Committee simply in accordance with the in-
structions of the House.

The House voted, 80 to 68, to recede from ite
disagreement to the amendment and the Sen-
ate amendment was agreed to

Mr. Cannon (Rep., Ill.) presented the con-
ference report on the Sundry Civil bill. He
made an attack on the Senate for attaching
to the bill so many new provisions which were
unauthorized by law. The Senate he said,
had the House ata disadvantage, as it could
hold up great appropriation bills until its
amendmenta were adopted. He would not
characterize the situation as “infamous,”
but would say he thought it “thoroughly bad,”

Separate votes were demanded on a num-
ber of the Senate amendments still in dispute.
On the amendment appropriating — $100,000
for a light and fog signal station at the outer
end of the entrance to the Toledo, Ohio, har-
bor, the House, by a vote of 51 to 63, refused
to concur. The House refused, 117 to 131, to
concur in the amendment § appropriating
$200,000 for beginning the work of constructin
a memorial bridge between Washington an
the Arlington National Cemetery.

The Senate amendiment appropriating $2,750,-
000 for continuing the work of {improving the
Missisaippi River was advocated by Mr. Catch-
ings (Dem., Miss.) and opposed by Mr. Hepburn
(Pop., Ia.3, who attacked the present levee
7 em as a means of improving the navigation
of the river. The House, however, by a vote
of 106 to 47, receded from its disagreement
and accepted the Senate amendment.

The next vote was had on the amendment
appropriating $5,000,000 toward the exposition
to be held at St. Louis in 1901 in celebration of
the Loulsiana Purchase, ne it was agreed to-~
127 to 75. A further conference was ordered
on the items still in dispute.

The Senate amendments to the Emergency
River and Harbor bill were non-concurred in
and the bill sent to conference.

The conference report on the bill incorporat-
ing the National Red Cross was presented and

reed to. The Senate conferees accepted the

ouse amendment.

Owing to press of business, eulogies on the
late Representatives Harmer of Pennsylvania
and Hurley of New York were postponed until
December next.

An attempt was made to send to conference
the Senate's amendments to the Military Acad-
omy and the General Deficiency Appropriation
bills, but objections carried them over till to-
morrow

At7 P.M. the House adjourned until to-mor-
row at noon.

NAVAL CADETS ASSIGNED,

 

 

 

Orders for Sea Service for Members of the
Graduating Class.

ANNAPOLIS, Md., June 4—The members of
the Board of Visitors to the Naval Academy
were received officially to-day. To-day's prac-
tical exercises included seamanship drill on the
new boat Cherapeake which will take the
cadets on their summer voyage this year for
the firattime. Atdress parade this afternoon
a flag was presented to the second company of
cadets of which Daniel P. Mannix is com-
mander, it having won the distinction for

general excellence during the year, To-night
A concert was given to the Board of Visitors by
the Naval Academy band.

Nearly all the cadets have received orders for
sea service. The orders are as follows:

To their bomes first and then to Manila: RA.
Abernathy, ©. L. Arnold, H. C. Cocke, J. H. Comfort,
H. Fitts, J. F. Hellweg.

To their homes firat and then to the Philadelphia:
P. D. Berrien, F. H. Dodd, EP. Swart

To the Kentucky: RL. Berry, S..H. RB. Doyle,
¢ + $pasenberger, C. E. Landran, D. P, Mannix,

‘ alle.

To the Torpedo Statlon—W. F. OBricker. H. K.
Cage. J. G. Churen. J. R. Defrese, WB. Ferguson,
Jr, 8. Gannon, E. S Jackson, Jr, CR. Keer, A. B.
Beating. W. McEntee, W. G. Mitchell, W. Smith, C.
P. Soy rt, J. A. Spilman, H. L. Wyman.

To the New York W. S. Bryan, W. S. Case, W. S.
Case, W. K. Riddle, W. K. Wortman.

To the Kearsarge— Paul Foley, L. Noa, H. W. Os-
terbouse, J. W Timmons, J. D, Wainwright.

To thelr homes and then to the lowa—C. P. Huff, R.
Morris, E. FE. Scranton, H. T. Winston
; Heme walting orders—W. V. Tomb, I. E. Wright,

r

 

Charles F. Adae Arrested for Abandonment,

Charles F. Adae, living at the Hotel Roland in
East Fifty-firet street, was arrested last night
on a warrant charging him with abandoning

his wife, Lillian Adae of 207 West Forty-third
street, and was locked up in the West Sixty-
first street station. His wife is saidto bean
actress

     

 

Business Notices.

ew's Soothing Syrup for children
teething, softens the gums, reduces toflammation,
allays pain, cures wind colle, dlarrh@a. 25¢. bottle
——————

 * MawWIAIrEE.

BEHMAN -SCOTT.—On Monday, June 4, 1900,
by the Rev. B.C. J. Kraeling, Louls C. Behman
of Brooklyn, N. Y., to Evelyn P. Seottof Phila-
delphia, Pa,

BURCBELI--PALEARI.--On Monday, June 4,
1900, at noon, In the chantry of Grace Church,
this city, by the Rev. William R. Huntington, D.
D., Henry J. Burehell, Jr, of New York and Can
dida, daughter of Lario Paleari and the late An-
tonietta de Mont! Paleari of Milan, Italy

CHAMBLISS -EARLF, -On June, 4, 100, at the
chantry of Grace Church, New York, by the
Rev. Dr. Huntington, George Shoen berger Cham-
bliss to Harriet Woodward Earle

COE- ROGERS,-On June 4 190, at the residence
of the bride's father, 26 Fast 57th #., by the Rev,
Robert Collyer, Willlam Robertson Coe to Mal
Huttieston Rogers

ANDREWS. © Suddenly, of pneumonia, J une 4, 1900,
Nathan Willis Andrews.

Interment June 4, 1900, North Adams, Mass; fu
neral private.

CLARKE,-—On Sunday evening, June 3, 19090, at
the Hotel Empire, Broadway and 63d st, Horace
M Clarke.in the 49th year of his age.

Relatives and friends, members of Chancellor Wal-
worth Lodge No. 271, F. and A. M.; the New
York Athietle Club and members of the hotel fra-
ternity are respectfully Invited to attend the fu
neral at the Hotel Empire, Wednesday, June 6,

Mrs. Wins!

 

1900, at 11 A.M. interment at convenience
of family.

CROWE, | Suddenly, on Sunday, June 3,1 900, Alex
ander Hamilton Crowe, aged 21 years and 10
months

Services today, Tuesday, at ! P.M Funeral
private,

FARRAND.— (On Sunday. June 3, 1900, at the rest

dence ef ber brother in jaw Dr W. K, Simpson,

952 Lexington av., Mima, daughter of the Inte

Joseph Steevens and Elizabeth Carrol Farrand
Interment at Hudson, N.Y.

JOHNSON. Sudden'y, on Sunday, June ds, 1y00, in
thiseity, Piisabeth Nelson, wife of the late Rev
Johan G. Johnsou of Upper Red Hook, N. ¥

Funeral services wil be held at her home, 207
Nelson av., Peckaktll, N. ¥,, 0n Wednesday, June
6, 1900,at4aP. M.

M'CULLOCH.-On June 4, 1900, Margaret
Hall MeCullieh, beloved daughter of
Hall and Agnes McCulloch, aged 18 years.

Funeral services will be held in Trinity Chapel,
24th st. neat Broadway. on Wednesday, June 6,
1900, at 10 A.M. Glasgow, Relfast and Califor-
nin pavers please copy

O'NONNELL

Jane
Hugh

On Monday, June 4, 1999, Mary,

 

widow of Join O'Donnell and mother of Michael |
J. and th: late Rev. Po tero Donn i

Functal from 163'g Coles st, Jersey City, on
Wednesday, June 6, 1900, at 10 A.M; thence
to St. Michael's Church, where solemn requiem

maas will be offered

WEIMAN,.- On Monday
Wetman.

Funeral from hie late residence, Bath av and Bay
oth at, Bath Beach, |, |, Wednesday, June 6,
1900, at@30 A.M. Friends ond relatives are in
vited to attend

WHITE. At Menands, near Albany, N. Y.. on
Monday, June ¢, 1900, Arthur Gilmour, youngest
son of Douglas L. and Sophia White, aged 30
years

Puneral services at the residence of his parents, at
Menands, on Wednesday afterngon, June 6, 1900,
at 3:30 o’clodiy \

4

June 4, 1900, Frank A.

+e tan

     

eo

: " . {
ANN

On the swing of Fashion's
pendulum comes smooth gray to
take the place of the much worn
rough gray.

We are in the swing witha

sae .

gray worsted, one of the neatest, ©

most stylish suits we have in
stock. A summery looking and
feeling suit.

And if we don’t think alike,
there are others at 825, 828 and
$30 that we must agree upon.

Everything man or boy wears,

Rogers, Peer & Compan.
2548 Broadway, cor. Warren,

and 7 and 9 Warren St
549 Broadway, cor. Prince. We fill erders
1260 Broadway, cor 32d by mail,

and 54 West 33d St

 

PROCTOR’S zit

Performanc
5th Ave.

Co., Hawaltan Queens, Fred Niblo, &e.

jee. Cohans, Yorke & Adams,

23d St./ thel Levey
Della Rocea, Moving Pictures, &e.
Palace! Iya belle Urquhart Jess Dandy, Zeno, Carl &

Zeno, Fanny Fields, Bertie Fowler, Vernon,
OF MUSIC,
Pi,

 

ACADEM 14th St and Irving

Lk. G. Giimore & Eugene Tompkins, Props. & Mg're

LAST
WEEK & WINE

SOUVENIRS Frida Bvening.
Prices 25-50-75-1,00. Mats Wed. & Sat. 2. Ev. 6:16,

THE PACKARD COMMERCIAL SCHOOL

holds Its 42d Anniversary and Commencement Exer-
clises at Carnegie Hall, Thureday, June 7, at8P. M.
Addresses will be made by Dr. St. Clair MeKelwa
and Rev. Russell H. Conwell D.D. Mr. 8. C. T. Dod
will preside
Former students and friends may procure tckets of
admission by applying at or sending to the school,
101 Bast 25d St. ‘
HAMM! RSTFIN'S 42d Street and Broadway,
VICTORIA | Wormwood's Circus, Morris's
{| Pontes, Rossow Midgets, Hayes
Venetian Terrace | & Healy, Crarina, 3 Navarros,
ROOF GARDEN | Johnson’ Bros., Loutse Dres
| ser, The Halloways, & others
and Aerial Cireua | 6:30 to Midnight

ta” In ease of rain, performance in Music Hall.

PASTOR'S CONTINUOUS 14th

) SHOW Street.
SEATS 20 & 30 CENTS, DAY AND NIGHT.

Williams & Tucker Margaret Fish & Warren

3 Cardownle Sisters cWatters &
Julian Rose The Vitagraph The Speedway

 

 

 

 

 

MURRAY Hit. THEATRE,

Lex, Ave. & 42d St
t Week of the Season.

T. W. Robertson's CA STE.

Comedy Success,
Kv'g Prices: 25c,, $5c., b0c

KOSTER ss MUSIC HALL &

& BIAL’S »'r. ROOF GARDEN.
ENTIRE NEW VARIETY BILL GES 50c,

ADM.

 

 

 

 

 

McIntyre & Heath, Victory Bateman &:

GARRICK TRAE  PaRRRO™
WM. GILLETTE nes pity Sherlock Holmes
Charies |. CRITERION THEATRE *' raze 4it5
JAMES K, Mats. Wednesday & Saturday, 2:15
HACKETT.| THE PRIDE OF JENNICO,
THE MEW Theatre. Every Ev. & Mats. Wed.& Sat.

  

Bargain Mats.
Wednesdays,

YORK 7es, Cherry Blossom Grove.
'§ ELEPHANTS

y Continuos
LOCKHAR
JOHN MASON,
McAvoy & May, The Juggling Joh
Morton, Wills & Loretto,

QUO VADIS

(ROOF

 

 

loward &

8T. NICHOLAS GARDEN, 66th St. & Col. Ave
SUMMER NIGHT
CONCERTS, 50 Musicians
Every Evg. Adm. 50¢.
To-nigbt--Dvorak's New World Symphony.

Good res. seats, 500, Soave. CSN 100th time,

N

CASIN o Sat. THE sv NO. GIRL
Morning and Afternoon Concerts
and charming sail on the majestic Hudson See
Day Line adva., steamboat and exc. columns.

 

WORLD IN WAX INEMATOG
NEWG JP3. Orchestral Concer

 

Colleges and Schools,

AANA ARR eens een

For Boys & Young Men—City & Country.

Princeton University Examinations 1900,

Examinations for admission to the Freshman an@
Sophomore Classes of all departments of Princeton
University will be held tn the elty of New York, un-
der the direction of Professor W. F. Magie of Prince.
ton, on THURSDAY AND FRIDAY, JUNE 1b
AND 18, 1900, commencing on Thursday at
A. M and on Friday at 8:39 A_M,, In the 1
Room of the NEW YORK LAW SOHOOL, SYN-
DICATE BUILDING, 86 NASSAU ST.

Students intending to enter the Freshman Class
one year later may pass at this time a preliminary
examination covering @ portion of the entrance re
quirements.

A PRIZE OF 8100 will be given by, THB
PRINCETON CLUB OF NEW YORK to the ap-
plicant who at above stated time and place shall pass
the best full entrance eaamination to the Academie
Freshmav Class, the prise to be pald after matricula-
tion
For catalogues, examination papers and further
information apply to

TRACY H. HARRIS, 45 Cedar st

GEORGE WM. BURLBIGH, 11 William.

7. F. HUMPHREY, 16 William St ‘

ANDREW C. IMBRIE, 18 Vesey St
or to Prot. WILLIAM LIBBEY, Princeton, N. J
————----—— i

TRINITY COLLEGE

HARTFORD, CONN,

 

 

Faaminations for admission to the Freshman Class
will be hed at TRINITY SCHOOL, 139-147 West
Dist Street, New York City, THURSDAY, FRI-

DAY and SATURDAY, June 21st, 22nd and 24rd

CEO. WILLIAMSON SMITH,

Ma, a MONT VALE
Madison School, "Sv seme”
on N. J. & N ¥.R RK. (branch of Erie), 25 miles outg
400 feet above sea level

SUMMER SESSION; Study--Preparatory work

for the fall examinations, apie sclences Colum
! bla and Regents a specialty Erereise~Roue a
' Hiders’ Ranch horsemanship. fencing shooung aod

field work. G. VON TAUBF, Principal,

ee ee —
e

SYMS SCHOOL

Robert A. Syms. William ©. Simmons,
APPLY FOR CIRCULAR,

22 West 45th ‘Street.
For Girls & Young Women-City & Country,

ST. MARTHA’S "canst

SCHOOL
for airla of character,

good BRONXVILLE, NS ¥,
Under tae care of the SISTERS OF ST. Jusued OF
DAZALE LU Ea opal 4

For Joung Men & Women~City and Country

 

TEW YORK PREPARATORY SCHOOL, 15 West
+ 43d5°, Brooklyn, 20) Joralemon st. prepares
any one for Regents, colleges, schools, summer term
begins June th.

—— |
Schools of Languages.

STAMMERING

 

Stuttering, |osping vod other Speech Defects
prompuy eradienied by educational methods
DAVID GREENE, (122 Nroadway
Sth year Open all summer,
— —— 5 een seme

New Publications,
€ —
HEAP READING ten HATL 18 main

C

French transiatiors PR.

*