pair.

ville),
Phicaga

S.--For
Louls-

ttsburg
Shenan-
nd, ex-

n But-
t Lib
pt Sua-

prtlands
Car) A.
Stree
lor anc
(Dinin
S, 8:55,
res

Pa
425 P
Y.~-For
pA. M,
758

—75s

Dew
k days
Dr Cars

allroad
&55 A
O25 A,
rtlands
. Sum

25,7:55,
10 (Des
pe Car),
nO (Des

5

L

mited),

(Dining
(Dinka

es 1S)

nd 261

Street
d Cort
reet, 08
, Hrook
ransfer
ge from

yivante

D,
gent

AY,

Station,
s5 min-

S—Pull-
leeping
jumbla,
urusta.
Hons for

eeping
rleans,
ox ville,
service.
Fran-
Tues
fon.
Hsuffes
to Ate
annah
ir Na®&
rvice,
bwat

am.

 

 

—__

a : :
VOI, LXVIL—NO, 226.
————— —_—
‘ wT Via . ’
BOER ATTACK CHECKED,
ROBERTS BELIEVED
morTr TO STRIKT,
Be sends af heerful Despatch to London
Hints of Important News Soon--Boers
suid to Have Abandoned Their Attack
on Wepener After Heavy Lonses and to
Be Apaious About Their Line of Retreat.

 

ers 70 BE

 

i) Cable Despatches to THE SUN
Lospos, April 13.~Tha following despatch
Hoberts has been receivod at the

from (en
War Office ;
“BLOEMFONTEIN, April 13.—The enemy's
t south has been checked, Wepener

movement
a still surrounded, but the little garrison are

holding out. Troops are being moved to their
assistance. The health of the troops is good.
The climate is perfection,”

Loxpox, April 14. —Gen, Roberts's hopeful
deapatch, and the reports of correspondents at
the front, encourage the papers this morning
to take amore cheerful view of the situation
in South Africa than any they have set
forth for several days past, The corre-
spondents are allowed to send only brief
despatches, but some balance the restriction
by vague predictions expressed in the most

f

ganguine tones, One correspondent at
Bloemfontein writes: “The Boers are just
where we want them. They are having
a little triumph, to which they are

welcome, as you will presently say yourselves.”
Others declare that the situation is entirely
satisfactory, Whatever may be the value of all
this, there is every reason to expect important
pews during the next day or two.

The British reports indicate that the Boers
who are still in considerabie force inthe south
and southeastern parte of the Orange Free
Ktate, are becoming anxious concerning their
line of retreat, and it is stated that some of
them are already returning northward.

Gen. Chermside, with apparently the whole
Third Division, to (he command of which he

succeeded after the removal of Gen,
Gatacre, has movel eastward from Be-
thanie and reached Reddersburg without

any event of importance occurring. The
correspondents with him intimate that im-
portant developments are impending, anid the
critics here interpret his movement as intended
to ent off the retreat of the Boers, who
arosouth of Thaba N'Chu. These are esti-
muted tonumber about 12,000, including two of
the most mobile columns, with the barest
possible transport, so that they are able to
move almost as quickly as cavalry. They are
reported, however, to be followed at a secure
distance by a large ox-drawn convoy, which, tt
js guessed, Gen, Chermside may be aiming to
intercept.

The purpose of these southward movements
of the burghers continues to puzzle critics here.
Some of them are inclined to believe the Boers
have made a mistake owing toa misapprehen-
sion of Gen, Roberts's plans, and they think
this view Is confirmed by Gen. Roberts's state-
ment that the movements have been checked.

All the news from the Wepener district
comes from British sources. The latest is
dated Bloemfontein on Friday afternoon, It
asserts that the Boers, after vigorously at-
tacking Major Dalgétty and being repulaed
with great loss, abandoned the attack and
retreated northward.

Telegrams trom Aliwal North, dated Friday,
that the Boers, especially the Zest-

  

report
ron Commando, have lost very heavily
aud have sent an urgent message to

iouxville for assistance, They are repre-
sented aa belng very despondent, and
« admitting that four commandants were
killed and four of their guns disabled, one
of them being struck in the muzzle and
split. It is said that their ammunition

becoming exhausted. The British
nillery. flre is so terrific that the
enemy dare not show themselves. They are
aso momentarily dreading the arrival of
Pritish retnforcements. The British on Tues-
day night made a sortie and captured one of
the Boer positions and a gun.

Much of this news seems to come from
native sources, though part of it 1s attributed
tothe Magistrate at Mahalil’s Nek and {9 de-
eeribedusoMflelal. It will be noticed, however,
that Gen, Roberts's despatch does not record
any such news,

The Trnes's correspondent at Bloemfontein
firms in a despateh dated Friday the report
t the Wepener garrison made a sortie

captured a gun. He adds that

Boers are reported to be disheartened,
‘The correspondent of the Timea at Jam-
mersberg, which is close to Wepener, in a
despatch also dated Friday, says that
only Major Dalgetty has been surrounded
ly some thousands of Boers since Monday
morning and that he gallantly withstood
aheavy attack Monday and asubsequent night
attock. There waa also a continuous shell and
rile tire on Tuesday and Thursday. The casu-
&ties were small Food is plentiful. The
Pritish are confident that they will be able to
repel any attack that may be made upon them

Gen. Methuen fs still encamped at Zwart-
kopysfontein, He is sending out columns to
clear the country of detached commands, Col,
hekewleb, who commanded at Kimberley dur-
Ing the siege of that town, now commands at
Roshof, which place is strongly garrisoned,

Nothing of consequence has happened in
Natal, but the Boers appear to be still moving
Part of their force westward from Glencoe,

cor
tha
and
the

 

With the view to threatening the British com-
Durieation with Ladysmith.
The Tel yraph's correspondent at Cape Town

Die iicts that the best possible’news will be re-
ceived from Mateking within a week, but there
Isnoth ne direct from that place and rumors
Concerning it in some quarters are of the most
Bocmy character,

\rosideatof Paarl has reeeived a letter from
Nis trother, who bas joined the Boers as a
Coetor, stating that most of the Boer doctors

flootatthe British whenever they have the
Opportunity >
The correspondent of the Morning Post at
nteln says that Gen, Roberts has ap-
' the Duke of Marlborough assistant
Bi ary seeretary at headquarters.
BOLE PRACK ENVOYS BUSY,

Along Conference Between Dr. Leyds and
the German Poreign Minister,

 

Vv Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Lobos, April J4.—The Rome correspondents

O' the Vews andthe Daily Mail report that
} ‘ou Buelow, German Minister of Fore
\tfa who was journeying to Pal-
ito visit his sick brother, has géne

t Milan to meet the Boer peace dele-
bies who recently arrived in Europe.
According to the Daily Mail’a correspondent
; Is the diplomatic agent of the Trans-

\

fu ong conference with Herr von Bue-
Iriday and was subsequently closeted
hoer emissaries for six hours Dur-
nierence Herr von Herff, the German
Corsi! at Milan, joined the party and re-
with them for some time,
ssuries are busily engaged in ex-
4 despatches with Paris, Berlin and

and the Paily Mail fre-
inards, The most trustworthy
fonts do not mention Herr von Bue-
them saves that the German
ti) culled while Dr. Levda was
wa th the envoys, but was not received
; t to te that Dr, Leyds and the
. sore keening very close counsel,
mreporters do the rest

Veuwea

 

eit
The Dining Car Service on the Pennsylvania
Limited

fs approval The menu embraces
‘obs of the metropolitan market. Adv,

 

 

2~

  

 

ss NEW: YORK,

MUTTERINGS IN CAPE COLONY,

Assertions That Dutch Farmers Are Wait-

ing for the Moment to Rise.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Lonpon, April 14. It has recently been
asserted that the rebellion in Cape Colony was
completely stamped out, but news from Cape
Town hardly accords with such assertions,
It is gpid that the attitude of the Dutch
farmers in the southwestern districts
of the Colony, notably Swellendam and Cale-
don, causes grave apprehonsion, A proml-
nent Dutch farmer there declares that a major-

ity of the Dutch tn the districts are only
awaiting the right moment to rebel. He
says that he alone has = sufficient
Mauser rifles and ammunition to arm 500

men, He adds that they will make the first
move in Caledon, where they will seize the
keya of the magistracy, The districts are
mountainous,

The revival of tho rebellious spirit is doubt.
less due to the general belief of the members
of the Afrikander Bond that the recent British
mishaps inthe Free State are the signal for
Boer victories. Tho Dutch believe that the
war will last for three years owing to the adop-
tion by the Boers and the rebels of guerrilla
tactics,

 

YARN ABOUT CAVT, REICHMANN,

Dental That the American Military Attache
Altded the Boers,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Lonpon, April 14.—A news agency’s repre-
sentative at Pretoria saya that In an interview
Mr. A. 8, Hay, the American Consul, absolutely
denied that Capt. Reichmann, the American
Military Attaché, took part In the fight
at Sannaspost. Capt. Reichmann has
officially reported that he spent most of his
time during that engagement in attending the
wounded Dutch Military Attaché, who subse-
quently fell into the hands of the Dritish.
Mr. Hay believes that the confusion arose from
the fact that Lieut. Loosberg, an American
serving with the Free State artillery, took part
in the fight.

Wasuinoron, April 13.—Adjutant-General
Corbin received a cablegram to-day from Pre-
toria which has aroused considerable comment
among War Department offielals, The de-
epatch refera t> the recent report that Capt.
Reichmann, military attaché of the United

 

States with the Boers, hal actively participated |

in a fight between the Poers and British. It ia
signed “American Consul,” und says, “Rumor
pelenmann’s active participation absolutely
Hise,

War Department officials express doubt about
the genuineness of the deapateh, because no
nauiry bas been made of the officials in Africa
regarding the charge against Capt. Keichmann,
While itis not believed that Capt. Relehmann
has participated inthe fight, the War Depart-
ment officials think it strange that the Ameri-
can Consul at Pretoria should address the Ad-
jJutant-General direct, inatead of through the
State Department. The despatch was shown
to Secretary Hay, who expressed the belief that
it may be authentic, aa the Consuls often sign
themselves “American Consul.”

 

PLAGUE RIOT IN INDIA,

Fifteen Persons Killed and Segregation
Camps Barned at Cawnpore.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Bompay, April 13.—The enforcement of anti-
plague measures at Cawnpore lad to-day to a
serious riot. A mob attacked and burned the
segregation camps and some mills, The po-
lice who attempted to restore order were over-
powered and five of thom were killed and their
bodies thrown Into the flames.
Troovs were ordered out to suppress the
rioters, but they did not succeed until ten of
the mob had been killed. Order was then re-
stored, but the populace fs sullen and business
has been stopped.

TRIP TO PARIS SCHEME FAILS,

FE. Benjamin Andrews and Other Chicago
Educators to Pay Up the Losses,
Cutcago, April 13.—The American Students’
League, which was to provide trips to Paris

 

expense of $200 each, has just failed. E. Ben-
Jamin Andrews, Superintendent of Schools,
who was formerly treasurer of the organiza-
tion, has left his expensive suite of rooms at
the Virginia Hotel and moved to the Hotel
Normandie. He is going deep tn his own
pocket to provide hundreds of dollars to repay

the students who had made their first pay-
ments in the league. Prof. George Howland
ot the University of Chicago ia closing up the
affairs of the league anit he, with Dr. Andrews
and President Henry Wade Rogers of North.
western University, declare that not one of
saee who entered the enterprise shall lose a
cent.

When the league was organized it was
scouted by many as offering the Impossibie
because it waa aaid that to cross the ocean
and live forty days at Paris, Including admis-
sions to the Exposition, could not be done for
$200, Supt. Andrews, however, investigated
the affair, pronounced {ft feasible, and with
Presitvent Rogers and other leading educators,
become sponsors for the concern, Commis.
sioner-General Peck was enlisted and he and
rench Ambassador Jules Cambon were made
honorary Presidents ot the concern. An office
was opened tn New York.

Frenchman familiar with the Parisian situ-
ation, was engaged to secure quiet pensions
abroad and quarters were contracted for on a
wholesale basis forthe summer, Contracts for
steamers were alao made. Subscriptions be-
aon to flow in and Dr. Andrews declared that if
the business continued to increase @ secretary
and treasurer would have to be engaged to
carry on the work

“The whole thing would have been a grand
success If carried out on the original plans,”
said Supt. Andrews to-day. “But trouble be-
an, he steamship companies one at atime
egan to withdraw their offers or to get out
from under their contrae's for steamers, They
aw the trade was going to be big and did not
want to be tied down to the flaures they had
offered us, Other troubles followed these and
I saw thatthe thing could pot be carried out
unless we should ask an additional $100 from
each subseriber. That I would not do.”

$25,000 FOR DR, WELLBROCK,

 

He’s One of the Victims of the Valley Stream
Tallyho Disaster.

Dr. Walter B, Wellbrock yesterday obtained
a verdict for $25,000 from a jury in the Su-
preme Court in Brooklyn in his sult against
the Long Island Rattroa! Company for injurtes
sustained in the tallvho disaster at the
Merrick road on Memortai Day, Ixv7, William
J. Kelly moved to have the verdict set aside on
the ground that it was against the weight of
evidence and Justica Smith reserved his de-
On the first trial of the case the jury
Dr. Weilbrock was 4 student at the
College Hospital at the time
of the aceident and alter hia recovery waa
admitted to practise. His injuries ineluded
fractures of the legs and arms anil his recovery
He is crippled

cision.
disagreed,
Lone Island

was asurprise tothe doctors.
for life.

BLANCHE WaLSU STOPS THE PLAY,

Melbourne McDowell Indisposed During a
Performance of ‘'Fedora,”

Stovx City, Ia., April 13.—During the per-
formance of ‘‘Fedora” by Blanche Walsh and
Melbourne MeDowell to-night the troubles
between the two vame to a climax,
The curtain was rung down jin the mid-
die of the third set, with a brief explan-
ation from Miss Walsh that Mr, Mebowe'l
was indisposed and eraved =the in-
dulgence of the audience for a few moments
The curtain did not rise ogain, however, and
the announcement was made that the audience
could get their money at the box office.

Convicted Murderer Escapes.

ALtoona, Pa., \pril 13.—Milton Sheets, under
sentence of death for the murder of Augustus
Glessner, sawed the bars of his cell window in

the Somerset jail and escaped with Buck
Walker, who was serving 4 sentence for eattl:
rain spout ft) the jall yard

last evening, and un»
\ ore organ.
ailed to

steaiing, Hown A,
anortly alier ¢ o'@ Oek
molested reached the woods
ized posse searched the woods, but

find either convict,

Crain De Luxe for Cleveland
sew York every day at S30 P.M, arrives
neat morning for oreakfast via New York
ike Shore. No excess fare. -Adg,

Leaves
Clevelant
Central

to thousands of students and teachers at an |

SATURDAY, APRIL 14,

WKINLEY’S MATE. WHO?

 

ROOVOSEVELT DIDN'T: TELEPHONE
PRESIDENT,

NO
720 THE

Gossip About the Governor's Honors at the
Hands of the Republican Party~ Platt
Says if New York Doesn't Get the Vice-
Presidential Nomination It Will Go to
the Far West--Blias to Resume His Old
Place as Treasurer of the National
Committee, It Is Said-Talk of Quigg

Becoming a State Committeeman,

Gov, Roosevelt has not telephoned from
Albany to Washington to President McKinley
that he must not be considered a candidate for
Vice-President in tho Philadelphia National
Convention, Goy, Roosevelt has had no com-
munication with the President on the aubject
whatever. Gov, Roosevelt telephoned this in-
formation from Albany yesterday to some of
hia Republican frienda hereabouts, Certain
newspapers in despatches from Washington
yesterday told yarns as to Gov, Roosevelt's
telephonic) communications with President
McKinley,

The only communication which Goy, Roose-
velt has had with Washington folks on the sub-
ject was in a letter to Senator Hanna, chair-
man of the Republican National Committee,
stating that he, the Governor, could be of as
much service to the national ticket if he were
renominated for Governor of the State of New
York, as if he were nominated for Vice-Presi-
dent. This communication was called forth by
the general understanding that Gov. Rooaevelt
would be a tower of strength to the national
ticket as the Vice-Presidential cantidate
among the Republicans West of the Missourl
River. THesun printed on Monday Inet tho
fact that Gov, Roosevelt had made this state-
ment to Senator Hanna.

Gov. Roosevelt's attitude on the highly {m-
portant matter of the Vice-Presidential noml-
nation remains to-day as it always has been,
He has communicated his views to Senator
Platt and to Chairman Odell of the Republican
State Committee, and they have been printed
overand over again. In a word, Gov. Roose-
velt desires to be renominated for Governor of
} the State of New York, and in this desire
Senator Platt and Chairman Odell have not In
their conversations with the Governor made
the slightest objection.

There is one feature of the situation, how-
ever, Which bas not hitherto been printed, It
is the gossip of Republican politicians and
must be accepted as such, Gov. Roosevelt is
aware of the nature of the gossip and #o are
senator Platt and Chairman Odell and other
eminent Republicans. In 80 many words,
Hepublicans have been discussing of late the
| honors which the Republican party in the
| nation and State have conterred upon Gov,

Hoosevelt. These Republican politicians have

pointed out that the Republican party first

made Gov, Roosevelt an Assemblyman, and
then in quick euceession made him United

States Civil Service Commissioner, Police

Commissioner, Assistant Secretary of the

Navy, a Lieutenaut-Colonel and Colonel of the

United States Volunteer Army and then Gov-
| ernor of the Empire State, and all this before

Gov, Roosevelt was 40 years of age.
| Not one word, as far as can be learned, have
the eminent Republicans of New York State
uttered in an effort to Induce Gov. Roosevelt to
become the Vice-Presidential candidate of his
party in the Republican convention. The best
information is all to the effect that the national
managers of the party have believed fora long
time that Gov, Roosevelt would make the
finest kind of a running mate for President
McKinley. Gov, Roosevelt, however, still be-
Heves that ho has moat important work to
complete as Governor of the State of New
York, an it is well known that if he is renom{-
nated to that high office the Republican party
will give him arousing majority. Gov. Roose-
velt ia very popular with the Republican
| masses, Tothem he ja a heroic figure, and
his steriing integrity and high pyneiples have
endeared him to many Democrata who will
not vote for a candidate of a party tainted with
the doctrines set forth in the Chicago platform
of LH.

It has been printed in ThE Sun that there is
a strong disposition in certain quarters to have
Gov. Roosevelt second the nomination of Pres-
ident McKinley inthe Philadelphia Convention.
Gov. Rodsevelt has been informed time and
again that if he appears in the Philadelphia
Convention there is every belief that he will be
nominated for Vice-President by acclamation,
lle has been told by his friends that all over
the United States he is most popular with all
classes of Republicans, Yet, for two months
and more, it has been known that the Republl-
can Big Four from the State of New York at
Philadelphia are to be Piatt, Depew, Roosevelt
and Odell.

Within a day or two certain friends of Repre-
sentative James 8. Sherman of the Twenty-
fitth New York district have put him in nom-
{nation for Vice-Presijent. Senator Piatt
came over from Washington last evening and
it was his testimony that Mr. Sherman was not
acandidate forthe Vice-lrestdential nomina-
tion. The Hon, James J. Belden, who for a life-
time has been the political and personal friend
of Mr. Sherman, said the same at the Manhat-
tan Hotel. Speaker Henderson of the House
of Representatives came over from Washing-
ton last night with Mr, Sherman, with Mr. Hen-
deraon and Mr. Sherman with Chairman Odell
had a nice little talk. Chairman Odell said
afterward that Mr. Sherman was nota candi-
date for Vice-President.

It has been sald a number of times that on
the proper occasion Representative Sherman
might become a dandidate for the Republican
nomination for Governor of the State. Thia
also was denied last night. Mr. Sherman has
always been spoken of very highly, but he has
been known asa close follower of Mr. Belden,
and, while Mr, Piatt and Mr, Belden are
friendly, it is very doubtful {f the Republican
organization of the State would accept Mr.
Sherman as a full-fledged candidate for Gov-
ernor: at least, this could not be done fora
numberof years, The Republicans of Onon-
daga county, headed by Francis Hendricks
and Frank Hiseock, while well disposed to-
ward Mr, Sherman, could not be induced, it
was said, to forget their old political struggles
with Mr. Belden.

Still, Me. Sherman's friends say without
doubt that there ia a political future for him.
He was « candidate for Speaker against Mr
Henderson. President MeKinley appointed
him United States General Appraiser and the
appointment was confirmed by the Senate. Mr,
Sherman declined it, The Senate elected Mr
Sherman Secretary of that body and Mr. Sher-
| man declined the office, Because Mr. Sher-
| man is to be permanent Chairman of the

Republican State Convention, which is to
| asaemble on Tuesday next, some have thought
that this meant something. It does not. Mr,
Sherman presided over a State Convention at
Saratoga only a few yearsago, He has been
selected to preside over the approaching con-
because he {9 @ fine orator and js
gifted with common sense and

 

 

 

 

 

 

vention
abundantly
discretion
Senator Platt confirmed last night the an-
| npouncement in Tue Sun the other day that
| the Repnbitean State Convention on Tuesday
is not to advance any candidate for Vice.
President, and he added that it is not neces-
| sary at this time to specifeally indorse the
administration of Gov, Roosevelt. Contrary to
Democratic suggestions, Gov. Roosevelt and

 

 

Faster Hate at O'Neill's,

New. novel and stylish. Imported and by their own de
signers Popular prices. OW av. 6010 Wy 2lob Ade,

1900.—COPYRIGHT, 1900. BY

 

his friends are fully awaro that at a con-
vention of the character to be held on Tuesday
next it would be opposed to precedent to
take any other steps than those proposed. Sen-
ator Platt, while personally friendly to Lieut.-
Gov. Woodruff, has nevertheless insisted that
it would also be contrary to precedent forthe
convention to Indorse Mr, Woodruff for Viee-
President. He has long been of the opinion
that unless the Administration at Wash-
ington, or rather the representatives of
the Administration change their attitude
toward Mr. Woodruff, the latter cannot
be nominated for Vice-President, It is known
that for several weeks eminent Republicans
who come from the territory west of the Mis-
aourt River have visited Senator Platt with an
idea of securing his support fora Vice-Presi-
dential candidate from those diggings, Senator
Platt is convinced that if the Vice-Presidential
nomination doea not come to New York State
it will goto the Republicans west of the Mis-
sour,

Many have said that Lieut.-Gov. Woodruff’s
boom for the Vice-Presidential nomination
Was merely a mask and that behind ft was the
aspiration to be nominatod for Governor
should Gov, Roosevelt be nominated for Vice-
President and should the Hon. Benjamin B.
Odell, Jr,, chairman of the Republican State
Committee, decline to become the candidate of
his party for Governor. Mr. Woodruff has de-
clared privately that there was no such pur-
pose lurking behind the declarations of hia
friends. Mr. Woodruff, on the vontrary, has
repeatedly said that his friends were in the
fight to make him the Vice-Presidential
eandidate and nothing else, Still some
ofthese men who are close to Mr. Woodrul?
have not hesitated to sav that if Gov. Roose-
velt was nominated at Philadelphia for Vice-
President, and Mr, Odell declined to become a
candidate for Governor of the State, Mr. Wood.
ruff would certainly jumpin and make a fight
to be nominated for Governor.

Those close to the Hon, Cornelius N. Bliss,
President McKinley's first Secretary of the In-
terior, have not thought ft necessary to de-
clare over and over again that Mr, Bliss
was not @ candidate for the Vice-Presiden-
tial nomination. Mr. Bliss, for purposes
of his own, has believed it well to put
@& qQuietus on the constantly recurring
rumor that he is acandidate, Senator Hanna,
chairman of the Republican National Com-
mittee, has made a number of trips to New
York of late, and on all these occasions he has
had talks with Mr. Bliss. From al! quarters o
the United States have come requests that Mr.
Bliss resume hia cld place as Treasurer of the
Republican National Committee

When Mr. Bliss, atthe personal request of
President McKinley, twenty-four hours before
the President was inaugurate! on March 4,
1897, accepted the p!ace of Secretary of the In-
terior, Mr. Dilss retired aa Treasurer of the
National Committee. His place was taken by
the Hon. James G, Cannon, Vice-President of
the Fourth Nationa! Bank. Mr. Cannon, ft is
now suid, is to give up his nominal place as
Treasurer ofthe committee and turn it over
to Mr. Bliss. It is well known that
a)most immediately after President McKinley's
election he offered the place of Secretary of the
Navy to Mr. Diiss, and that Mr. liss declined
it. Only at the last moment did Mr. Bliss de-
cide to accept the place of Secretary of the
Interior, and he did this to save the President
embarrassment over what promised = at
the time to he a complicated — situ-
ation in New York State. When Mr, Bliss
accepted the portfollo it was
it was his desire to remein in Washingtoa not
longer than six months. The Cuban war came
on, and Mr. Biisa believed it to be his duty to
retain his post, and not until after peace was
assured did he ask President McKinley to ac-
cept his resignation.

Personal Cespatches from Washington have
saldthat Senator Platt and President Quigg
ofthe New York Republican
mittee have had one or two talks within ths
last few days in Washington. Senator Platt
said last night that President Quigg was in
Washington on business connected with his
own private affairs, Senator i’latt was asked
what his understanding waa of the time when
President Quigg is to retire as head ofthe
county cominittes.

“As Tunderstand the situation,” replied the
Senator, ‘President Quigg is to adhere to his
first determination; that is, to resign hia place
atthe next meeting of the county committee,
on April li, [knowof no change in that pro-
gramme, and I am not aware of any change In
President Quigg’s determination,”

“Who is to be Mr. Quigg’s successor?” the
Senator was asked.

“Well, as I understand it,” replied the Sena-
tor, “itis about as THE Suw printed the other
day, If Mr. Bidwell ts a candidate for the
place, and the Republican county organization
desires the election of Mr. Bidwell, Mr. Bidwell
will without doubt be elected.

From present prospects there will be only
two contesta to be determined by the Conmit-
tee on Contested Seats to be appointed by

Temporary Chairman Elsberg i the Re-
publican State Convention on Tuesday.
They will be in the Second district of

and the Third district of

On

Weatchester,
Kenaselaer.
test in the Rensselaer district depends
the retention of the Hon. Louia F, Payn, repre-
senting on the State Committee the Nineteenth
Congress district, which is made up of the
counties of Columbia and Kenaselaer. Ex-(Goy.,
Frank 8. Black and Mr, ro are vitally inter-
ested in the decision of the Committee on Con-
tested Seats. Mr, Payu has said that it was not
possible for the committav to decide the con-
test in the Third district of Rensselaer except
in favor of ex-Gov. Black.

Asa matter of fact, all things are possible in
polities and Mr. Payn has had vast experience
informer State Conventions in the settlement

of contests, Yet many Republicans have
been heard to say within the jast
twenty-four hours that the disappearance
of Mr. Tayn as a factor in Republican

State politics would be the loss of a most
picturesque Mgure. Mr. Payn, it is known, has
felt deep'y grieved because he was supplanted
oa Superintendent of Insurance; or rather, it
should be sai !, he bas not belleved that he hal
aright understanding of the attitude of some
of his old friends,

Some of those who remember things recalled
Jast night the contest at the Republican state
Convention in is} in the Twenty-filth Con-
gress district between the Hon. Warner Miller
and the late Charles W. Haekett. Some have

always said that {tf was manifeat from the
fact that Mr. Miller won in that fight,
but his celegation was flred through the

ekvliahts of the Convention Hall, because to
take any other course would have unseated
Mr. Hackett as State Committeeman for the
wenty-ffth distriet, and had led eventually,
perhaps, to his retirement as chairman of the
Republican State Committee,

There was A report Inst night to the effect
thatthe Hon. Jobo Reisenweber, Republican
State Committeeman for the Fourteenth New
York Congress district is to retire from his
place on the committee and is to he suveeeded
by Mr. Quigg. Mr. Reisenwebver said that he
had not heard that Mr. Quigg wasa candidate
for the place. The only eandidate he had
heard of was Moses MeKve, Republican leader
of the Twenty-third Assembly district. Mr,
Reisonweber said that for some time he hal
thought of retiringasa member of the State
Committee Some of the folks at the Fifth
Avenue Hotel seemed to think, however, thas
Mr. Quigg is to succeed Mr, Leisenweber

The Stock Quotations on the Pennsylvania
Limited

Enable the traveller to keep in toueh withthe markets,
‘They are posted ta the smoking room tiuree mes @

Gay. «how

the settlement of the con- |

THE SUN PRINTING AND

said that |

County Com. |

 

 

RECEIVING VISITS FROM DEMOCRATS
AT HIS COUNTRY HOMPF,

Yesterday's Callers Included Perry Belmont

and Congressman Levy -Mr. Levy Gives

His Views of the Admiral’s Candidacy
He Would Be a Winner,

Wasutnaron, April 13.—Admiral Dewey's
campaign for the Presidency is now actively
opened, and he is reeeiving visits at Beauvolr
from eminent Democrats wishing to personally
ussure him of their sympathy and support,
To-day's callers included two Influential poll-
ticians from the Empire State, Reprosentative
Jefferson M. Levy and Perry Belmont. The
Admiral is also getting hundreds of letters
from all parte of the country, all of a compli-
mentary nature, but a large number advising

and Says

him to withdraw for the reason that
he has no chance of winning. Col,
Lamb, member of the National Committee

rom Virginia, has sent in his assurance of
support, and like pledges are looked forin
every mail. The candidate now hopes to get
nearly all the votea of the Eastern States dele-
gates, Assvon as he has had opportunity to
confer with a few more leading Eastern Dem-
ocrats he will formally announce his platform,
which will declare for sound money ant the
ultimate independence of the Filipinos, unless
they shall in the meantime express a prefer.
ence to remain under the protection of the
Amerioan flag, Admiral Dewey has also de-
termined torun as an independent if he fails
to get the Democratic nomination,

Mr. Belmout has a'realy made known his
views on the subject of Dewey's candidacy and
Mr. Levy consented after hig eall to-day to
make a brief statement. Te said:

“As is wall known, I have long been an
ardent admirerof Admiral Dewey, and advo.
cated his nomination bythe Democrats long
before he announced his willingness to be a
eandidate, I have publicly announced my
reasona on several occasions for my belief

that his nomination would he tha wisest the
Democrats could make, Being destrous of
making the acquaintances of the Admiral, |
called on him this afternoon for the purpose
of expressing my personal admiration for his
achievements at Maniiaand offering bim omy
warmest support for the Presideney The
Admirai received me very peasantiy and our
conversation was principally devoted to the
Navy, in which f take an unusual amount of

interest, owing to the fact that. my unele
was a Commodore. Admiral Dewey re-
called the fact that he was a midship-
man on the Mediterranean fleet when

it was commanded by my uncle, with whom he
was personally acquainted, L do not feel at
liberty to diseuss anything which was said in
regard to Admira: bewey'a aspirations, as any-
thing on that subject should come from him,
ut Tam tree to say that I told him that I
thought the drift of sentiment. waa in bis favor
and was growing every day. I said I favored
anu uninstructed delegation tothe Kansas City
Convention, according to the true Democratic
doctrine, and I fet that ifthe Democrats nomi-
nated Admiral Dewey instead of Mr. Bryan
they could win. 1 believe Admiral Dewey to
bea Jeffersonian Democrat of the old school,
and I believe that the qualities which he
dleplayed in Manila Bay during the long
and trying period when he stood hetween this
country ona half of Furope, were such as would
indicate his undeniable fAtness for the Preai-
dency, For a year he oecupled @ position
whieh required the greatest amount of diplo-
macy and tact, tosay nothing of firmness and
fearlessness. It was probably the most trying
position oecupled by any Amertean since the
days of Lincoln. Had Admiral Dewey. dis-
played the siightest sign of weakness, there
were 4 half a dozen nations ready and willing
to Jumpin and take possession of the Philip-
pines. His coolness at this juncture saved to
the Yratted Btates at cuplre the value of
which, whether itis retained or relinquished,
fs indisputable. The American pee la wanta
Freeideat who has just such kind of qualities
as he.

“Although America has won many naval vic-

tories and has had many naval heroes, such as |

Jones, Deeatur, Perry, Stewart, Gol isbor-
ough and Farragut, there has never been one
Who acquired one-tenth the prominence and
worl i-wide renown as the hero of Manila Bay,
The people have always been ready to bestow
the highest .tifts inthelr power on successful
Generals, and itt now an opportune time to
recognize the Navy, in whieh Admiral Dewey
stands supreme. With McKinley and Dewey
as opponents, business men will be asanred

 

that whoever is elected the business in-
terests of the country will be protected
and the prosperity which has existed
under the present Administration will be
continued without interruption by the
campaign. Mr. Bryan should realize the
fret that with Dewey as their candidate

the Democrats will sweep the country, whereas
with Bryan and the free silver platform they
cannot win. This being the ease, L hope Mr
Bryan will withdraw in favor of Admiral
Dewey [believe thata majority, if not all of
the Fastern States will go for Dewey, and I
have been assured that some of the most in-
fluential Demoerats of the country are ready
to take up his cause. Within a short time
Admiral Dewey will have sufflcient backing to
give him a large support in the convention, if
not, indeed, to assure him the nomination,
know Admiral Dewey feels very much en-
couraged by the assurances of support which
he has received.) and within a short time the
country may expect to hear more of his
candidacy,”

 

DEWEY NOT GOING TO LOUISVILLE,

The City Had Made Preparations to Receive
Him-—Mistake Made somewhere,

Lovursvinne, April 13.—In a letter received
in Louisville this afternoon it is learned that
Admiral Dewey has no present intention of
visiting this city, and that the report of hia trip
to Kentucky is incorrect, The letter was in
response to an invitation to aecept a box ata

performanee on May 10 for the benefit of the
Confederate Relief Fund The Jetter is signed
by Lieut.Crawford, Admiral Dewey's secretary,
andsnays:

“admiral Dewey desires ma to acknowledge
the reeeiptof your letter ofthe loth inst, and
toatate that it bas been incorrectly reported
in the press that he ta going to Loutaville this
spring. Such is not his intention, and he will,
therefore, be unable to attend the entertain-
montof which you speak.”

It is hoped. however, that the movement
already under way togivethe Admiral a cor-
dialand fitting weleome to Louisville will lead
ton change in bis plans so that he may include
Louisville in biatour. Already plans are under
way fora welcome. Thia afternoon the com-
mittees of the various commerciul bodies are
in conference to arrange a meeting with the
Mayor todraw upa formal weleome to him
The newa of the present intention of Dewey
will ecaue® great regret here, as the decpest
public interest had been aroused in the news
of hia coming here,

DEWKLY SENTIMENT IN KINGS

by Congressman Driggs After a
Visit to the Auction Room,
Congressman Edmund I. Driggs was one of
the visiting Democratic statesmen to Mr. Hugh
McLaughlin's headquarters in the Willoughby
street auction room In Brooklyn yesterday

He said

"When Admiral Dewey first announced his
eandidaey, almost everybody in Wasnington
thought that would be the last of it. They
eal that’ it was Dewey and that he
could be exeused for @ gool deal,
hut in the lust week ai different state
of affaira has come about. Even among
conservative men sentiment ts veering around
in favor of the Admiral, It {8 nearly three
full months to the time of nording the Kansas
City convention and. a good ceal may happen
{nthattine, Many bryan men have been sur-
prised at the sentiment that has sprung up for
the Admiral They say there is no telling what
will happen.”

The emocratic managers in Kines county
are forthe most part In favorof sending an un-
instrneted delegation from this State to Kan-
Bas City

ADMIRAL DEWEY'S CANDIDACY,

Voiced

Opinion of Jadge Hazen, Brother of Mra.
Dewey's First Husband. 4
Meeker, Col, April 145 —Judge Hazen,
brother of Mrs. Dewey's first husband, was
asked to-day what he thought of Admiral
Dewey's declaration that he was a candidate
forthe Presidency, His answer wae
“Lam not ina position to say much, hut if
the people of this country do not desire to
place the destiny of the nation inthe hands of
a Woman, it will be best to letthe Admiral re-
main where be is, I know Mrs. Deway very
well, of course, She was my brother's wife
Bheis a bright, capable, ambitious woman,
and quite familiar with public alfaire at Wash-
ington,”

 

 

 

Pair to-day and to-morrow; west to

 

PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

DEWEY'S CANVASS OPENED, | #2900 #0 maucacu oF reomise,

Judgment Against a Colorado Millionaire
in the Firet of Two Suits.

CoLorabo Spranos, Col., April 13,.—In the
breach of promise of marriage suit brought by
Mias Nellie Lewis against Sam L, Strong, the
millionaire President of the Free Coinage Gold
Mining Company, the jury to-day awarded tho
plaintif? $50,000 damages, $200,000 having
been asked for, The jury were divided only
on the amount of damages. Thetrial oceupled
three days, The vefence denied the marriage
contract, but admitted relations with the
plaintiff covering seven years. The testimony
was such asto excite indignation against the
defendant.

Mr. Strong is 38, while the plaintiff ia 25, The
latter is one ofa family often children, Mr,
Strong was married last February to a Miss
Neville. Another suit for $250,000 damages
for breach of promise of marriage brought
against him by a Mise Vance is pending,

Mr. Strong went to Cripple Creek early in ita
history and located the famous Strong mine.
Ho is still a large shareholder in the Strong
Company, which is one of the most prosperous
inthe camp, He has other holdings, and his
wealth is diMeult to estimate. He admitted
at tho trial that he was worth $2,000,000,

Miss Vance, whose case will come up fn the
Teller county court shortly, is about 20, Pa-
pers in her suit were served immediately after
Mr. Strong’s marriage to Miss Neville. In his
anawerto hercomplaint Mr, Strong does not

| make charges such as characterized his de-

fence in the Lewis sult.

KILLED BY SKIPPING THE ROPE,

Tilly Mahon Played the Game All Week
and Died of Spinal Meningitis,

Tilly Mahon, 11 yeara old, died early yester-
day morning at her horoe, 73 Virat avenue, of
aoinal meningitis, caused, us faras the family
poiysiclan has been able to ascertain, by too
nuch skipping the rope. The parochial
schools have not been open this week, and the
little girls inthe neighborhood of lower First
avenue have spent a great part of their vaca-
tlon skipping the rope. There have been en-

durance contests and speed contests and Tilly |

Mahon has been one of the most devoted fo!-
lowers of the game, She became ill suddenly
on Thursday evening and seemed to be suffer-
ing from extreme exhaustion. In the night
she became unconscious. Dr. F. W. Klein of
54 Past Eighth street waa ealled.
little gicl had spinal meningitis. She died yes-
terday morning at 2o'clock without recovering
consciousness,

DIRECT VOTE FOR SENATORS,

The House Favors the Proposition by the
Overwhelming Vote of 240 to 15.

Wasninaton, April 13,--After the reading of

the Journal to-day the House took a vote on

the proposition to elect United States Senators |

by a direct voto of the people, whieh was dis-
cussed yesterday. ‘The pending question was

the amendment in the nature of a substitute |

for the joint resolution reported by the eom-
mittee, making the election of Seuators ob-
ligatory in all States. The committee propo-

sition waa that the people might choose the |

manner in which the selection was to be made.
The substitute was agreed, to 135 to 30, and
the resolution as amended was passed by a
vote of 240 to 15,

WILLIAM D, GUTHRIE HURT,

A Horse He Was kiding Reare and Falls
Backward Upon Him,

Locust Vauury, L. L, April 13,-Willlam D,
Guthrie, a member ofthe law firm of Seward,
Guthrie & Steele of 40 Wall street and who
lives at 28 Park avenue, New York, was
thrown from his horse this afternoon and
severely Injured. Mr. Guthrie was riding over
his newly acquired estate, “Mendon,” when his
horse reared and fell backward, with Mr.
Guthrie underneath

The family phyaiclan was summoned from
Manhattan late this evening. Mr. Guthrie faa
member of the Riding Club of New York. The
horse he was riding was his favorite.

CONCESSION TO J, SLOAT FASSRTT,

Five Thousand Square Miles of Gold-Bear-
ing Land In Corea,

Wasninoton, April 13.—The State Depart.
ment haa received oMeial information that J.
flont Fassett of New York has a concession of
5,000 square miles of valuable gold-bearing
land {n Corea. Mr. Fassett arrived In New
York yeatertay on his way home from a visit
tothe far Fast, during which he secured the
concession,

WOMAN'S INSULTIFR THRISHED

By Her Husband Outside the Waldorf
~Then Locked Up.

Fdward Holdsworth of 222 Fast Twenty-
fifth street and his wife were walking east ward
through Thirty-fourth atreet at 8 o'clock last
night. In front of the Waldorf-Astoria, Holds-
worth left his wife and went into the hotel to
get a cigar Mrs. Holdsworth walked on
toward Fifth avenne When sho waa in front
ofthe main dining rooin of the hotel a weil
dressed man approached her, lifted his hat
and made an insulting remark.

Mrs. Holdaworth crossed the street toward
the old Stewart mansion. Her annoyer fol-
lowed, When Mrs. Holdsworth reached the
sidewalk and saw that the man was still at her
heels ahe retraced her steps, On the aidewalk
infront of the hotel
again addressed her. He waa bowing and
ogling when a strong right arm pro-
pelled by Mrs.  Holdsaworth's  hashand
ahot toward his face. Holdsworth, who had

come up in time to aee the unweleome atten-
tion bestowed on his wife by the stranger,
followed up his right arm punch with a@ left
hand swing and waa doing heroie work in the
ugilistic line when Policeman Lynn appeared,
The polloeaman’s arrival saved Mrs, Holda-
worth'’s annoyer from further bodily harm,
but on Holdsworth's complaint ha was ar-
reated.,

At the Tenderloin pollee station the man aatd
he was George Gebhurt, a designer of BO West
Thirty-fAfth street. Hia axcuse for bothering
Mra Holdsworth waa that he eaw her crossing
the atreet and followed her to preveot her
being run down by a reckless hansom driver.
He was locked up on a charge of disorderly
conduet, Holdsworth to!d. Sergt, ‘townsend
that he was a cousin of Gen. Avery D. An-
drews,

 

OPEN TO AMERICANS,

ATLIN MINES

 

British Columbian Government Sayan the
Exclusion Law Was a Mistake,

Vierorta, B. C., April 13.—In a speech last
night Smith Curtis, Minister of Mines of Brit-
ish Columbia, said that the Government had
foun that the law exclud ng Amertcans from
the Canadian gold flelds at Atlin was a mis-
take, and having discovered a flaw in it, had
deelnred. it to be inonerative, The Govern.
ment of Britiah Columbia has concluded that
Americans are necessary to the development
of Canadian gol! feldsand ja goiug to throw
Brittah Columbia wide open to eitizens of the
United States

Lieut. J. L, Donovan, U.S. A., Missing.

Lovisvin.e, April 13.—It has been reported
tothe police that Lieut. J, L. Donovan, U.S, A,
in charge of the local reerulting office, haa been
missing for over & week. The case was re-

ported by Judge Frank E. Daugherty of Bards-
town, who had been sent for by Mra. Donovan,
fhe is at the Loulavilie Hotel. Inquiry at tha
hotel develoned that Lieut. Donovan ba’ been
gee) last during the latter part of last week.

Another Jewelry Robbery in Chicago.
Curcago, April 13,—It was learned to-night

that the revidence of A. M. Rotheenild, the dry ft

@oods man, was sacked by porch climbers on
the night of April Gand diamonds and other
valuables to the value of $10,000 taken,

 

He saiithe ;

her persistent annoyer |

south winds,

a z Rewer |
PRICE TWO CENTS.
= _—

HENRY HART'S PAWNSHOP,

CONTENTS, PLEDGED 50 YEARS 1@Q
SOLD FOR 4 SONG,

 

 

Had Been Stored All These Years in the
Third Avenue Depot New Management
Ordered Their Removal and He Sold
Them to # Second-Hand Lumber Man,

The complete outfit of a Pawnshop, numbering
56,178 articles, was carted yesterday from the Third
Avenue Railroad car depot, at Sixty fifth street
and Third avenue, to Reeber's second hand lum
ber yard at the foot of East 107th street. It ree
quired ten trucks to carry the stuff away. There
were seventy-nine big wooden boxes filled with
goods that had been pledged over fifty years ago
in Henry Hart's pawnshop long before Mr. Hart
became President of the Third Avenue Railroad,

In the ‘408 Mr. Hart had a pawnshop at 2?
Chatham street, in the building now occupied by
4 saloonkeeper near the Brooklyn Bridge ene
trance. When Mr. Hart gave up the pawnshop
to manage the Third Avenue Railroad, instead
of selling the contents of the shop, he had the goods
carted to the car stables, and stored away in the
cockloft in an unfrequented part of the building,
Why he did this no one knows excepting Mr, Hart
Tf he had his way about it, the goods from the
Pawnshop would still be in the car house, But
having lost thecontrol of the railroad, his sue
cessors, representing the Metropolitan company,
notified him to remove the goods immediately,
as they desired to renovate the building. Mr,
Hart worried over the matter. He had kept the
goods together for over fifty years and he was not
willing to part with them, He called his agent,
Pauhaber, who looks after his business affairs,
and asked what was to be done, Being told that
the only thing was to get rid of the goods, Mr
Hart sent Fauhaber out to find a buyer, But
buyers were not plentiful
| "There are over 10,900 suits of clothes,” said
| Mr. Hart
| ‘Probably out of style now,” said Fauhaber,
|
|
|

Mr. Hart's agent went in search of some one
who would buy a big pawnshop fifty years old,
Tt was a job lot, and there was only one man who
would take chances with it. William Co Reeber
was the man. tle had just bouriit a gas house
up on the East Side,
Gras

The

“Is a barrain

because the Consolidated
mipany has to make room for aecity park,
agent went around to eeber and said

You can have the let for85,000,"

 

What?” exclaimed Reebor Five usand
| for a second han pawnshop iifty vear ot
on your jife - bought twenty sey railroad

‘ eats and two
yesterday
“Make it four thousand,” said the agent,
"The Pyramids of Feypt have been
for half that,” replied the seecnd hand
“Keep a shoving
How about one thousand”
“Why,” said Reeber, “von ought to pay me
for carting the stuff away ve just been of-
| fered presents of three churches, two synagogues
} and a couple of bridges up in Connecticut, just
) for the tearing down.’
|. The agent went back and made a report to
Mr. Hart. ‘The latter said something, and half
} 4n hour later the agent returned and said “We
don't know what's there but we'll take $200
for all.”
| Then

graveyards for a hundred dollars

offered
man

the big trucks from the second-hand
| lumber yard bewan to arrive at the car depot
{ Seventeen men dug the goods out of the garret
‘and loaded them on the trucks. A crowd fol-
| lowed the truces to the foot of Est 1071 street
There Reeber proceeded to find Gui whether he
had bought a gold brick

| The first box opened contained half a hun-
dred theatrical costumes and a complete out:
fit for the performance of Riehard it Pawn
tickets pinned to them bore the date 1647 It
was evident that some theatrical manager had
been stranded and had been conpelled to pledge
the costumes, ‘The second box opened contained
cloviing. There were faney colored, silk watst-
coats with small buttons, velvet waistcoate with
big buttons and every style of waistcoat thas
was ever seen ina picture book \ pawn ticket
was pinned to each vest, One of them of bright
colored silk, with big red roses, bore this inserip
tion in the lining:

Presented to :
MR. Diets ROCKERS 3
August 3, 1841, :
By the Hanover Verein ;

 

Attached to this vest was what pawnbrokere
eall “a hang up’ ticket. It was dated Nov. 11
1547, and showed that the person who pawned
it had paid 12 cents to the pawnbroker to keep
the wrinkles out of it- to keep it hung up and
not folded. There were fifty-seven silk vests
with big block patterns, such as are now seen
on the vaudeville stage

“Dovs a reg lar Dasier Suntay, or mebbe such
a Pfingster vest) Wha” said a German in the

crowd.

"Get outof the way!” shouted George Maillard,
the foreman «of the lumber yard. “The crow
will have te step back. or L wont open any more
of the boxes. Get back. Your're a@ lot of rubber-
necks.”
| The erowd would not getback, so the next box

was carried into Reeber's cellar before being

opened. It contained guns, pistols, daggers
and swords of every description. There were

 

flintloeks and pistols of all sizes, shapes and
Some were in good shape, others were in
the last stages of decay, Seventy of the best
uns were carried into Reeber's office. Each
fiat a pawn ticket attached, the dates showin
had been pledged in 1547, 1848 an

ages

that they
155).

Then came five boxes filled with musical ine
Striments. There were Frnch horns, flutes,
| comets, tambourines, accordions and tubas
| *We'l} look them over later,” said the foreman

The crowd forced itself into the cellar and for
the neat hour expressed words of admiration
(for the silk and satin gowns that were dug out
| of the big boxes. Mostof the dresses were shabby
! but some of them looked almost new
| Tho majority of the spectators wanted to see
the boxes of old books turned loose, but the fores
man of the Job refused to open them. He turned
his attention toa baby's complete outfit, and said?

"Whoever hocked these things must have moved
in wealthy circles for the material they are made
of is rich. I'd like to know the story of that bab
suit The pawaticvet is dated Sept 24, 184
| and bears a Broadwas address.”
| Hats, caps, funny old umbrellas and old-fashe
ioned clocks came next.

“Same dose as the baby clothes,” said the foree
man, exainining a pawn tick t attached to the
next bundle he picked up “This reads, ‘two
shirts, Sept. 24, 1848, pawned by Mo Keynolds
25 Frankfort street’ Tlere come a fur cape and
@ handkerchief with a Masonic em len on it
Just look atthese funny trousers’ Tlere'sa bunch
of overcoats that button tuehtly about the waist
Here's a teket on & pair of docskin trousers, Ig
reads, ‘Mr. Fryer, 47%, cents, 280 Broadway.
}lere'’s a nee. de, wrapped tip ina theatrical playe
bil. The ree n ticket on the neckue shows that
i, and M
who pledwed the tie W
a playbill that reads Amusing Play,
“Rail Road Depot.” Itshows that Mr. Hadaway
played the part of Sampson Jones and Me. Wood
played the partof Churles S oth 1 guess that
came from the old Wood's Museum. But here
is a tortoise shell com) pewned for $7 and @ box
of carpenter's tools pledged for 12+) cents.”

The people in the crowd were not interested
in the carpenter tools. ‘They waned to see @om
more old-fashioned clothes, and they did ge. ¢
‘reat variety, and shawls and pictures and
ooking-glasees of every description, all pawned
fifty years ago and not redeemed

ne work of unpacking will b> continued to-day,
When the lumber yard man stopped investigatin:
last night the crowd seemed disappointed and di
not want to go awey

fart loaned five cents to J. Frankland
ype about the tle tg

 

DEAD OF HYDROrHOBIA,

Condon, Bitten by a St. Bernard Dog @
Month Ago, Had Been Thought Cured,
Thomas Condon of 155 Waverly place dieg

ast bight in St. Vincent's Hospital of hydros

phobia. On the evening of March 9 he was ate
tacked by a St. Bernard dog belonging to hie
son and bitten so badly about the face thas
fourteen stitches were necessary to close the
wounds. The dog was shot and Condon re-
mained in 8t. Vincent’s Hospital for twaly
days an 4 pay patient. Then he was sent hom
as oured.

He seemed well until last Saturday, when he
complained of a lethargic feeling. He asked
fora glass of water and when his daughter
brought {t to him he fainted, He was worse
on Sundayanda doctor from the Pasteur In-
atitute was called tosee him. The doctor sug
gested that he be sent back to the hospital,
This was done, but Condon became rapidly
worse.

The fog was shot by a policeman when Cone
don waa bitten.

Hope, 41 Nassau street, hasthe largest stock of Gl
eggs this side of Paris.—Ado,