SRREREE SS

re

SS

ONLY A FEW TRAINS LATE.

SOUTHERN RAILWAY STRIKE DOLS
SOT STOP TRAFEIC,

Ballroad Officials Say Thar the Desertion

of a Few Telegraphers Has Caused No |
Declare |

Serious Trouble Labor Men
That They Mave Crippled the Koad,

Artanta, Aprif 13.—The Southern Railway
telegraphers' strike is still on and statements
made by one side confilct with those made by
the other Passenger trains leaving and
arriving here have been subsect to from a few |
minutes’ delay to thres hours’ delay in some
euses, President Powell of the Order of Kail-
road ‘Telegraphers says he is highly |
pleased with the situation, Ho says
that 900 telegraphors have struck, and that the
entire system of the Southern istied up. The
railroad officials say they are also delighted
with the aspect the strike has assumed, They
refer to the strike as athing of the past, say-
fog, “The incident is about closed.” They
deny that the delay of any of their trains to-
day was due tothe strike.

The following mossage was received at As-
sistant General Superintendent Thompson's
Office this morning from the Geveral Superin-

tendent:
“Batispuny, N.C, April 13,10 A, M.

“Referring to sensational reports of situation
at other points, you can suy that everything ia
moving on the entire system as though the
strike bad not been ordered, Less than 10 per
@ent. went ont op entire syetem. Uo some
divisions not a single man went out.

“J. H. Bannett, General Superintendent.”

President Powell of the telegraphers says:
“The passenger trains are running late from
one to five hours, The vestibule limited, due
here yesterday afternoon at 3.50, did not
arrive until nearly 9 o'clock, and the fast mail
train due at 5:10 this morning was three
notre late. The company is required to pay
the Government a heavy penalty for each
delay in dolivering the mails here and at |
Washington and this failure alone is costing
the company a large sum daily

“Tho blockade of freight traffic ls complote
and this ental!s an enormous cost on the com-
pany, A fair computation of the cost of the
atrike shows that the company has loat enough
already to have raised the salaries of its
tclezraphers for one year complying with the
demantg of every man in the present move-
ment. My reports show that the Alabam |
Great Southern is unable to run freights, and |
only the principal passengers are moving and
very slowly at that,”

Cnartorre, N. ©, April 13.—The atrtke of |
the telegraph operators on the Southern Rail-
way system is still on. The pa-senger trains
ace generally on time but the frelgbt trains are
not. The ratlroad authorities think that the
strikers will yield in a few days. ;

Wasninoton, April 13 —Thtrd Vica-Preal- |
dent and General Manner Frank 8. Gan-
non of the Southern ihallway. said this
afternoon that no delays and no tnter-
ference of any sort hat been experienced |
on account of the telegraphers’ strike, The
Chattanooga office was closed for one hour
only. Then all the men returned to work, The
superintendentof that division (Chattanooga)
had telegraphed that all trains were moving on
schedule

On the Memphis division, one of the largest
of the system, not 4 single man quit
work. The superintendent of the Char-
Jotte division says that the operators
and agenta were working for the interests
of the company. and that none had
gone out. On the Washington division no tn-
convenience had been caused by the strike and
everything if running smoothly, Only four
men went out on the Macon division offices,
while on the Columbia division of the fifteen or
twenty who went out all but aix hat returned, |

Mr. Gannon ia pleased with the aspect of
things and Is confident that In @ short time
everything will be In the same condition aa it |
wae before the strike. He issued the follow- |
ing statement to the overators of the system
to-day;

“Our experience yesterday and to-day con- |
firms ov confidence in our telegraph depart. |
ment. Your demonstration of loyaltyand des |
votion to duty is especially eratifying and will
not be loat sight of. You will be pleased to

now that the total number that went out ts |
esa than 10 per cent. of the telezraph force.” |

W.A. Turk, the General Passenger Agent of
tha Bouthern Railway, sald yesterday relative
to telegraphers’ atrike:

“The strike of the telegraph operators on
the Southern Railway anid the Alabama (reat
Southern Rallway has not in any way affected |
the movement of our trafile, Less than 10 per |
cent. of the operators have left service, and
their places genera'ly have been filled. No aps
prehension aa to the prompt movement of |
traMe over our line need be felt, and unofficial
reports to thecontrary should be disregarded.”

CROWD TO HOOT NON-UNION MEN,

Large Police Squad Protects Negro Labor-
ers in Chicago From Violence.

Onicaco, Apri! 13.--One hundred policemen
surrounded the Marshal! Field building when
the non-union men quit work to-night
and their presence was aufiiclent to pre: |
vent the demonstration which the union men
threatened to make, Warned by their experi-
ences of the night before, the contractors did

attempt to bring out thelr men in any num- |
era, but increased thelr prepqrations for |
quartering their employees, At5 o'clock, eight |
co ored workmen were brought out by a force |
of Bfteen or twenty policeman and escorted to
th ae aat du7 Dearborn street.

? e@ crowd hadassumed huge proportions,
and as soon as the neg: oes made their anpear-
ance there wasa movementin their direciion
from the sidewalk. The policemen at once
atarted to drive back the great throne. The
colored men were marched downithe sidewa!k tn
the direction of Dearborn street. When
the men turned the corner to gu south
on Dearborn street the picketa on the other

ide atarte| to follow but they were hed buek

y the police. The police were able to stem
the tide of union pickets until the colored men
reached Van Buren street and at that place
they were over'aken again, A continuous yell
and noise was kept up until the laborers
reached the lodging house at 307 Dearborn
atreet, The police remained in front of the
seqeing for a time and then dispersed the
mob.

Arrangements for likht housekeeping had
been made for the workmen who remained all

ight in the builting, One hundred and
Ferates ve cots, alargeaupply of food and a
gasoline stove were furnished. The men were
well fed and probably expertenced no other Ia-
convenience thau from the cold. About sixty
men, it was said, were kept there to-night,

WANTED TO R'tN OPEN MINES,

Tnion Men Strike Because of a Notice That
Avg Competent Man Could Get Work,

Inwptanapo.is, April 13.—-The mines of Gabel
& Co. of Washington, which were unionized by
union miners congregating there last week,
were closed again to-day when the owners

pated a notice saying they would make no

iatinetion between unfon and non-union men,
but would hire any one who wanted to work
and was competent to dott. The union miners
struck aa soon as the notice was posted, but
some of those who had been forced into th
ubion not fled the company that they wou
revere te work as soon a4 enough mep could

secured to run the mines,

Coal Strike Near Wiikes Barre.

Wieggs Baane, Pa, April 13.—A strike was
earted this morning at the Harry E. and
orty Fort collieries of the Temp'« Iron Com-
pany and the colliery of the Raub Coal Com-
pany at Luzerne. About 1,550 men and boga
are out, The emplovees at the Harry BE cole |
liery at Luzerne and the Forty Fort collery |
presented a list of grievances to the offletals
yester ‘ay, the may emands being for in-
creased pay and a different arrangement tor
toppage. ‘The waerefused and the mao went
ow strike, The liaub colliery men atruck tin
sympathy with the Temple lron Company
miners, alae

8,000 Indians Miners to Resume Work,

Terns Havre, Ind, Apri! 13.—The repre.
sentatives of the Indiana miners an! operators
to-day sianed a wae seale for tbe yeur ending
April 1 next year and the block operators
and miners will do. likewls@ to-morrow
or Monday, so that the %,000 men dle
wil! be back at work early next week, The
‘inera Waived the weekly pay day as provided

the new InJiana law, pending @ decision

he court of last resort on its eonstitutional-
grand wil! be paid semi-monthly ae in the
sat.

Flectrical Workers Demand $4 a Day.

The Electrical Workers’ Union has decided

Jewand $4.4 day and the elght-hour work-

.y, to go into eff ct May 1. This is the third
tempt of the anion to secure the Siadny
te, and it is expecta! thit the demand will be
apied withouta strike,

Coal Miners Strike tn Tennessee,

miners employed by the Coal Coke Mining

Company wenton a strike to-day. The reason
they give is that four union men were dis-
charged withtit cause. The matter of wages

fa not Involved

| soon and

FRENCH GOVERNESS A GAS SUICIDE,

| Life Had Been a Chain of Trouble and De-
ception, She Wrote to Her Son,

| Mrs

| mitted

her room in the

West Twenty-fifth

Marie Cler, a French governess, com-
sulcide early yesterday moroing in
bourding house at 2068
street by inhaling il-

| day last, Yesterday morning one of the ser-

vants smelled gas and traced the odor to Mra,

Cler's room, Opentag the door, she found Mra
| Cler dead on the bed with the end of a rubber
| tube from the gas bracket in her mouth, On
the table wore three letters written in French,
ove addressed to Mrs, Cler's on Charles at
100 Waverly place, another to her slater, Mre.

Viiee Roquet at 415 West Seventeenth street,
andathirdtothe landlady, Ihe letter to the
800 translated, read, in part:

‘Dear tittle Charles forgive me for the palu | am
about bt) cause you, Duly ou are reqoul able enought)
understand what a sorrowful life | have been leading
full of trouble of all sorts. No matter what | bave
tried to du my efforts eame to nothing. [ have the
sorrowful prospect betore me of becoming 4 charge on
some one. * * * Deception and pain | eannotendure
any longer, Twish you may always be an honest
boy, and that you may be as suceessful as you
deserve bo be, lamwriting to your aunt and Tam
going to give her all of my effects, whieh can be of no
ise to you. The little money that Is left will suffice
to pay for the funeral expenses, Inany case 1 wish
that you make Known to your sinter that | beg ber
bol to put herself outon my account, T have hired a
small room at 206 West Twenty fifth street, where
you can see me for the lasttme Adleu 7m

Your mother Maki CLER

The letter to Mra, Roquet was to the same
effect, “Lhave no longer the courage to bear
with this life,which has been a chain of trouble
and deception of every kind,” tt said, "I
authorize you to take for yourself my two
trunks and all my effects, which are in the
room. In the smal! trunk you will find the
money which Charles has given ma, what re-
maing will pay for my funeral expenses. I

ive you all. Whatever of my effects may not
fe used givetothe poor, and be as economical
about my funeral expenses as possible #o that
you need not spend any of your own money.”

he letter to the landlady asked pardon for
what the writer waa going to do, and said that
her mind was made up when she took the
room.

Mrs. Koquet took charge of the body, She |

said there had been trouble between Mra, Cler
and ver danghter Loulse, who just before

Christinas had zone to board elsewhere, and |

had not seen her mother since
“Louise is u good
wrong, but she is

seadatrong.’ Mra. Roquet

sald. “Marte expected to hear from Loutse at |

Christmas and then at New Year's, No letter
oume, Since then she has been expecting a
letter every day, but was disappointed,”

Mrs, Cler's son and daughter were heart-
broken on hearing of hee suicide, The son,
who ia 22 years old, ia & collector fora brewery.

HOBOKEN @GIRL HANGS HERSELF,

Left a Farewell Message to the Man Who
Employed Her.

Betty Schirmer, 26 years old, emploved as @
servant and companion inthe home of Henry
Rillert at XO Storm avenue, Jersey City, com-
mitted suicide on Thursday night because she

| was lonesome and tired of living. Mr. Billert
| got home soon after midnight and found the

young woman's body in the kitchen hanging
by a stout rope from a hook in the ceiling.
This note, addressed to him, waa written in
German

“Dear Mr. Bitukat: Don't get frightened at
the bad news Lhave to give you. [ am tired
of life. Life is too bitter for a lonesome, for-
gotten soul like me, without protection from

father or mother and tn a far-away country. It
ia feariul, My last wish is to lay ma inmy
coffin justas lamin the blue dress I like to
wear. | ask you to send my. trunk to
my parents I have a sister home and
she can haveall f[ask only for a plain eoffin
and acool grave in a emall hill, where I can
rest in peace and with God, [would have left
more money had I not been 80 good-hearted
and loaned so much to poor people. I gave
375 toa widow and I can't get It back, | have
alao sent money to my parents and brother and
at all times have taken care of them. My dear
little friend Henrietta, with whom I divided all
my sorrows and happiness, has gone away and
Tam allaiona, Lean live polonger, It is im-
possible. I pray to you, Mr. Biljert, to bury ma
in my dreas, You will find tn the pocketbook
$110. I think that {9 enough for a plain
funeral, Once more, 4 last farewell to you and
your little ones. close with a thousand
thanka to you. Berry ScHrRMeER,

“P.S.—God will pay you for your noble dead,
Please send word to my parents, as it will be
tapenetve for me to do #0,”

he woman’. card was in the letter andon |

the back of it was her father’s address, ‘Wil-
‘iam Schirmer, 40 Hoimathe Strasse, bremen.”
Mr. Siller’ saves that the girl had been working
for him for six months and was # good girl in
every reapect. Hae attributes her suicide to
fortund tellers. whom she was in the habit of
consult.ng. One tol’ her that she would marry
wealthy. Another told her that
ahe would die ina short time, The Henrietta
referred to in the letter isa young woman who
came te this country with Betty and returned
to Germany about six weeks ago,

“1 AM CRAZY,” SUICIDE WROTE,

Absence of His Son in the Philippines Is
Believed to Have Led to His Death,

Henry Klauber, a retired Nquor dealer, 62
years old, committed suicide yesterday afters
noon at 144th street and Trinity avenue by
drinking cartolic acid. A policeman saw him

drink the poison and sent foran ambulance,
but before it arrived Klauber was dead, The
body waa taken to his home, O00 Tremont ave-
nue. On the back of u card in his pocket was
written: My wite and my son are innocent
lam crazy.” His aon Frank isa soldier in the
Philippines and his absence {9 supposed to
have made Klauber despondent,

Schoolteacher Sets Her Clothing on Fire,

Laporte, Ind., April 13.—Miss Mina Beadle,
ateacher inthe schools at Michigan City, be-

cause of continued i]! health saturated her
clothing with kerosene to-day and set flre to
hersel’. She was burned fatally before aasist-
ance reached her, This was the third attempt
made by the young Woman this woek to com-
mit suicide,

Despondent Widow Hangs Herself.

Mra. Fmma Riedel, a widow, 45 vears old,
who tived with her daughter at 238 Marey

avenue, Williamsburg, hanged herself on
Thuraday night with a clothaalirfe in the parlor
of ber home, A doctor had just told her she
would probably never recover her hea'th,

Died Praying for a Sick Son.

Michael ilealey, a laborer, of 305 East
Twonty-third street, fell Jead yesterday in the
Church of the Epiphany at Twenty-second

atreet and Second avenue, He had beentoa
drug store to get some medicine for his sick
son and on his way home went into the church
to pray for the boy. He died kneeling in the
pew.

It would seem as though the
genus man had but one brain
und thought the same thing at
the same time—they all seem to
want to break out of their Win-
ter shells together.

Tailors have even given up
making promises.

Our Spring suits are ready to
wear.

And so are our Spring Over.
coats.

And our Spring shoes,

And our Spring hats.

And onr Spring furnishings,

And they are good overcoats,

| suits, shoes, hats and furnishings, |
Knoxvi.ce, Tonn,, April 13,—Three hun¢red |

Rogers, Peet & Cowpany,

254 Broadway, cor. Warren.
569 Broidway, cor, Afnce
vad

1240 Bris4eay cor

We fill orders
by mall,

luminating gas, She hired the room on Mon-

irl aud never did anything |

THE SUN,

"WANT TO LEAVE CHICAGO,

| annouayt LABOR UNIONS DRIVING
| INDUSTRIES OUT OF TOWN,

Numerous Small Citles Bidding for Large
Virms to BRemove Their Manufactur-
ing Pinnts) Labor Demands Ko-
coming Intolerable -—Rehef Demanded,

Cutcado, April 14.- The iodueements held
out in the Aurora mass meeting of Wednesday
for factories to be removed from Chicago to
that place are duplicated in St, Joseph, Mieh ;
Fikhart, Hammond, Indo; Kenosha, Wiss
Klgio, UL, and other cities near enough to
Chicago to reach the ear of the city’s manufaet
urers, The owners of some factories here are

| threatening to avail themselves of the invita-
tions, According to members of the Liinois

Manufacturers’ Association conditions in Chi-

cago are most serious, The demands of the

labor unions, lack of police protection for
property, and what the manufacturers term |

“political eandbagging” are the reasons as-

signed for the coutemplated removals,

There ia a growing feeling among Chicago
manufacturers that this elty in many waya is
becoming antagonistic to industrial activity,
Complaints are heard on all sides. The de-

} mands of the labor unions are hurting all in-
duastries, but this is not the only thing com.
plained of. The inspection ordinances of the
city ars burdensome, especially in the manner
of thelr enforcement. This is what is called
“political sandbagging.” A leading member
of the association who now has his plantin one
of the sinall eities west of Chicago said:

“There is a most depioral)ie condition exist-
ing in Chicago. Lack of police protection aud
the arbitrary demande of the labor unions are
driving employers to leave thecity. The de-
mands of the unions prevent Chicago firms
from competing successfully with firms in the
smaller cities where they are not driven to
despair by constant labor diMeulties. There
must come a change or Chicago will lose its
prestige us an industrial centre.”

Charles F. Quiney, @ large machinery manu-

facturer, sald: :
“We are outaide of Chicago. We find the

lovation satisfactory, While wo have had labor
difMiculties, we sre removed from the sym-
pathetic feature of strikes. Our men are more
content and we find that we are not harassed
by constant demands stirred up by the ‘great
unwashed’ element existing in the city.”

The J. V. Farwell Company recently has es-
tablished a factory in Benton Harbor,

“We think thera are many reasons why we
should settie in the country,” said Arthur L.
Farwel!, “We have no desire to einploy sweat
shop labor, such us We have in the eity, Over
at Kenton Harbor we are enabed to employ @
better class of labor than we can in Chicago,

| The workmen are wore content and their work
is more sutisfuctory.”

“Priortothe recent labor troubles Chicago
Was becoming recognized as the great indus.

| trial centre of America,” said M. H, Kilgalif,
manuger of a land association, “Manulact-
urers Were attracted to Chicago and the im- |
mediate vicinity because of tts shipping facil. |
ities, the nearness of the coal flelds of Tliinots |

and Indiana and its superior railroad fucili-
ties, ‘The oity's proximity to the centre of

| population is another advantage for the manu.
tacturer, Since the labor trouble firms are
leaving Chicago, and many companies seeking |
to seattle in thie city and the immudiate vicin-
ity have called off negotiations. The labor |
troubles have given Chicago a hard blow and |
it will take at Jeast five years for it to recover |
{ta position as an industrial centre. I know of
two machinery manufacturers who have elosed
contracts for sites outside the city and who are |
preparing to wove, bat Tam not at liberty to
give their names.”

The feeling that other placea than Chicago
must be sought by big manufacturing houses
firat became atrong among the piano firme |
after their recenttrouble, It is said that the
Cable Company, Smith & Karnes, George PB,
Bent. the Kimball Piano Company and a nume
ber of others are planuing to make a change,

ENJOINED BY A LABOR UNION,

It Says the Defendants Prevent Its Mem-
bers From Getting Employment,

St. Louis, April 13.—Judge Fliteraft to-day
granted an injunction to Union No, tof the
Internationa! Brotherhood of Stationary Pire-

men againat Joseph Lawler, Adolph W. Chris- |
man, August Wister, and Nie Graves, The
| petition alleges that the defendants by threats,

| Intien dation and nisrepresentations attempted
to preventthe members of Union No.8 from
securing and retaining employment.

OREGON DEMOCRATS FOR FUSION,

Declare for Filipino Independence—Popu-
lists Instruct for Bryan.

Portrianb, Ore, AprillS.—The Oregon Dem-
oeratic State Convention to-day nominated
William M. Ramsey tor Supreme Jutge. Bere
nard Daly of Lakeview was nominated for
Congressman in the First district and Wiliam
Smith of Baker City inthe Second district,
Complete fusion with the Populista was ar
ranged for after several committee coufererces,
The platform favors Constitutional amend-
menta providing for an income tax and the
election of Senators by direct vote, expresses
aympathy with the boers, condenns the Puerto
Rican Tariff and the Dingley Tariff Jaws and
favors Government ownership of telegraph |
Follow ng are the prince. pal planks
In Convene

lines:

“We, the Democrats of Oregon
tion assembled, do hereby reaflirm ard indorse
in whole and in part, in letter and in spiritthe
platform adopted by the Democratic Conven-
tion held in Chinago in Lis

“Wedenounce the doctrine that an Exeen-
tive or a Congress created and limtted by the
Constitution can exercise lawful authority be-
yond that Conatitution and in violation of it,

“Believing that a nation cannot long endure
half republic and half empire, We oppose wars
of conquest and colonial possession, We favor
an immediate decliration of the Nation's pur-

|

|

pose to eve tothe bilipinos, first, a stable form
of government; second, independence, and
third, protection from outside interference, as
{t hag tor nearly aceutury given protection to
the republies of Central and South America,

“We oppose militarism, It impores upoo the
people an unnecessary burden and tea constant
menace, Asmall standing army and a well-
equipped Btate militia are sufficient in time of
veace:in time of war the citizen soldier should
be a republic's defence.

“Woe condemn the present financial legislation
of the Congreas of the United States as tend.
ing to the establishment of a money truat sub-
versive of the liberties and rights of the
Amerloan people.”

The Populist State Convention chose fifteen
delegates to the National Convention with in«
structions to vote ford Bryan for President and
some Populist for Vice-President,

The Silver Republicans chose thirty-three
delegates to the Kansas City Convention

The Second District Reps bitese Convention
renominated Malcolm A. Moody for Congress by
acclamation

Senator Joseph Simon and F, 0. Stanley were
chosen delegates to the National Republican
Convention,

'

BRIBERY CHARGED IN A CAMPATEON,

Republican Rivalry in Indiana Leads to
Aassertions of Corrupt Practices,

Inpranapotts, April 13.—The contest for
the Republican gubernatorial nomination
assumed a serious phase to-day when Caas
Conaway, who {s managing the campaign of
John L. Griffiths of this city, made a publie
statement to the effect that Winfleld T. Durbin
of Anderson, who Is supposed to be Griffith's
strongest competitor, has attempted to pur-
chase the votes of ieleg ites in this county who
ure instructed for Griffiths

“The headaugsriers of the Durbin men,
said Conaway, “are in the Stevenson building,
and T have affidavits of men who say they were
sent for and offered money (f they would
violate their instructions and vote for Durbin
Durbin's managers are trying to Use mioney in
this and other counties of the State.”

Connty Republicans
Roosevelt,

Bteuben Indorse

Connina, N, ¥., April 13.—The First Assem-
bly distriet Republican Convention of Steuben
county was held to-day at Bath The Hon,

Frank C. Platt was unanimously renominated
for Mamber of Assembiy Delegates were
chosen to the various conventions, and resolu.
tions were adopted indorsing the national and
Rtafe a& ministrations The Congress dele-
ates were [nstructed to vote for Cc, W, Gillett
v the Recon! district convention at Hornella-
ville delegates favorable to the renomination
of Congressman Charles W, Gillett and Sena-
tor Franklin D. Sherwood were chosen. Keane
lutions indorsing the MeKinley and Roosevelt
adjuinistrations were adopted,

Panam County for Roosevelt,

Co_D Spaing, N.Y., April 13,—-Tho Putnam
County Republican Convention beld at Carmel
on Wectnesday cordial vy indorsed the adminia-
tration of Gov, hoosevelt and asked for his ra.
nomination, Contrary reports which have been
eireu ated through the presa areuntrue, Both
Nationaland State Administrations were eas
thustastically supported,

Buy Your Easter Gloves at O'Neill's.

New Importation of Jourta & Cle's celebrate! Gloves
Justreerived 6th ag., 200 to 21 at st.—Adge,

—_ pa eran rennet ae =

@O00D FRIDAY 1N NEW YORK,

Bolemn Observance of the Day in Many

Churches,

The Gentiles of New York very generally ob-
served Good Friday and the Jews made prepare
ration for the feast of the Passover. In
churches of the Roman Catholic and Episeopal
faith the day was, as usual, observed with ape-
clal services, In moatofthe rituallatic churches
there was early prayer and the celebration of
the Holy Communton, Outside the churches
during the early morning mon with heated
ovens filled with hot cross bung posted them-
selves and cried their wares, Along lower
Fifth avenue and in the vicinity of Washington

| Square they were especially numerous.

Beginning at 10 o'clock there were services
in the ritualistic churches at almost every hour
of the day and evening upto 0 o'clock.
Patrick's Cathedral the passion service waa
sung at 4 o'elock, Following an old custom
many Episcopalians made their Gool Friday
devotions at Grace Church. The church was
crowded most of the day. The early service
at St. George's was probably the largest of the
day, At Trinity and St. Paul's the midday ser-

vioes and those at 4 o'slock were largely at- |

tended by business men. At Trinity there was
aspecial service of meditation between noon
aod 3% o'clock on “Our Lord's Seven Words
from the Crosa.”) During this service no one
was allowed to anter or leave the church, ex-
“rs during the intervals of singing

nthe von-ritualistic churehes the day was
much more generally observed and the services
much more elaborate than ever before. The
Presbyterian, Methodist and Duteh Reformed
denominations all hed not less than one, while
at many churehes of these denominations there
were sevoral services during the day. ‘This
was especially the case at the West Presby-
tertan Church, ‘he Marble Collegiate and at the
Metropolitan ‘einple

Wall Btreet was ont of business for Good Fri-
day and will stay out to-day.
{n town was closed. The banks, the Custom
House and the Sub-Treasury were open, the
day not being a legal holiday, but the business
transacted wae light,

he Feast of the Passover, Pesach, as it ta |

known among the Jews, begins this morning.

Yesterday great preparations were made for |

ushering in the first day of the feast, called
Sedar. Last night Sedar was observed
Houses were set in order and housewives

made ready for the feast of the morrow. The | b

custom of burning of the “Chomez” ia as old
as the feast itself
Kedar eve the Jewish women clean their
honaws, but on the day before Bedar they
leave a few crumbs of leavened bread about,
which the husban tor mate head of the family,
going about to inspect her work, may find and
aweep with a teather into the spoon he carries,
These crumbs are taken into the baek yard or
in front of the house and a fira ia made of
them to show that everything in the house
that might be considered unciean has been de-
stroyed,

THK TRAIN CKEW HELPLESS.
Train Brought In by a Brakeman Who
Never Before Held a Throttle,

SomeRVILLE, N, J., April 13.—Engine 335,
drawing ap eastbound coal train, arrived here
yesterday with a brakeman running the en-
aging. The manner in which the train
was run through the town — attracted
the attention of the offleials. It was
stopped enst of the towerhouse at
the Bridge street crossing. On investigation
Stationmaster Brokaw found the engineerin a
helpless condition in the cab, as likewise were
the fireman and a brakeman, The brakeman
who brought the train in stated that
when near Annandale, thirteen miles east
of here, the train) came almost to a
atandsti!ll on the main track through the
inability of the crew to run it. He became
alarmed and although he had never placed bis
hand on a@ throttle before, he entered the @n-
gine and assumed contro! He rolled and
pesados the engineer in a vain effort to arouse

im sufficiently to aid him in the control of the
engine. ;

After the train had stopped the engineer re-
vived suffleientiy to run it up and down the
track {in front of the station. He waa finally
induced to leave the engine. The train blocked
the east main track until four trains were
stalled behind it. The officials here had @reat
dificulty tn explaining the situation to the
managers of the road at Jersey City, as the
inetdent was beyond their hellef, The crew
were removed from the train to a nearby
livery atable, where they wera viewed laat
night ina box atull by Chief Train Deapatcher
Edgar of Jersey City, Engineer Harry White-
nack and Fireman John Devine were paced
in charge of the etalled traln and they ran it to
Jersey City,

Dk, COCKE A SUICIDE,

The Boston Authorities Decide That the
Hypnotist Killed Himself.

Bosroy, Apri! 13.-Medical Examiner Harris
completed his examination of the body of Dr,
James RK, Cocke, the blind hypnotist, to-day,
and decided that his death was a clear case of
suicide, Mrs, Cocke was allowed to go home
from the police station shortly after 3 o'clock
this morning

Dr. Cocke's relations with the Russian Goy-

ernment are still shrouded in mystery, Mra,
Cocke absolutely refusing to make any ex-
planation except to say that he had an ep-
pointment with @ representative who was
to have come from Washington yesterday
afternoon, The statement made by the wife
to the effect that she sent a despatch to the

tussian Legation last night is verified by a
message from Washington saying thata mys-
terlousitelewram was received at the nacien
Embassy last evening from Mra. Cocke saying:

‘Please telephone your Chargé d' Affaires in
Boston to come to 23 Pinekney street to-night
at (nee, He did not keep his appointment at
=2MCLOCK,:

The despatch further
Russian Ambassaior had no knowledge
whatever of Dr, Cocke. In her conversation
with the police officials, Mrs, Cocke apoke of
the expecte! via tor as “His Highness.

Tt is beifeved that Dr. Cocke waa negotiating
with some foreign government for the sale of a
secret explosive for use in artillery, as he was
un expert chemist and ts sald to have origi-
nated @ valuable stee! perfecting process,

stated that the

Gen. Harrison Denies a Report.

Lovisvi.Le, April 13.—The report that
former President Harrison had expressed an
opinion thatthere was a federal question tn-

volved inthe Kentucky election cases ta dented.
Mr. Harrison telegraphed here yesterday in
reponse to an interrogatory Message:

“Tt ls not true that I have expressed any opine
jon on the Kentucky election casas,”

Combine their usual high grade of work
manship with correct style.

London: Preedy & Co., 12A Regent St.
near Pall Mall. Paris: A. Gelot, 13 Rue
de la Paix

Gabriel Ramentol & Co,, 32 Obispo St.
Havana, Cuba, M_ F. Killean, Hotel St.
Honolulu, H.t

rt Sales and Exhiditions,

American Art Galleries,

MADISON SQUARE SOUTH, NEW YORK,

Concluding Sale,

This
Afternoon
at 2:30.

This
Afternoon
at 2:30,

Superb Porcelains

and

Handsome Cabinets

of

The Notable
Oastler Collection.

THOMAS E. KIRBY, Auctioneer.
American Art Association, Managers.

At St. |

Every exchange |

For several days before |

SATURDAY, APRIL 14, 1900.

=

THOUSAND STRIKERS CONFRONT 150
OFFICERS AT THE DAM.

| When Deputies Went to Search for Dyna-

mite Lalians Rolled Stones Dewn the

Millside and Drove Thom Off: Workers

| Stoned, Too Sheriff May Call for Troops,

| Crotoy, April 15, -One thousaod Italians em-

ployed on the new Cornel! dam completed the |

thirteenth day of theirstrike to-day. The situa.
tion at the dam has become so threatening that
Sheriff William V. Molloy sent 150 deputies
here to-day and took personal charge of the
| Situation. Sheriff Molloy has established head-
Quarters in the office of the contractors, Cole-
man, Breuchand & Coleman, overlooking the
dam, The deputies came from the various
Westchester towns and efties and filled two

cars of a special train on the New York Central |

, Railroad which arrived here this evening
The strikers are intrenche! on @ bill Soo
feet high which overlooks the dam. It is re-
| ported that they have a large quantity of
| dynamite and other explosives in their posses-
ston and it is feared that an attempt will pe
| made to blow up the dam and some of the
contractors’ baiidings. ‘This evening they
would not allow the deputies to come near
them for the purpose of searching for explo-
fives,
asoend the hill the strikera rolled stones
down the hillside, s his force of deputies
was ecoali Sherif Molloy did not molest them

i
after he found that they were disposed to |

make trouble, He will probally ascend the
, dU) to-morrow, when he will have several

hundred more mentoussisthim, Each deputy

armed witha heavy club and a revolver

bis inorninga few jaborers were pul to work |

in place of atrikers, ‘The strikers drove them

off with stones, and. after they hod fled, un-
) hitehed the horace trom the wagons and left
them standing in the middle of the road, They
also rolled boulders down the hil

The Italian Consul at New York ts expected
here to-morrow and itis thought that a aettie-
ment may be made through him. Sheriff Mol-
loy will aak Gov. Roosevelt to call out the mil-
itary companies of Westchester county to case
his deputies are found unable to deal with the
writers

ichael Griffo, the Mamaroneck contractor
who shot into @ band of atiikers on Tuesday
and seriously wounded Civerio Paoneae, has
been released on $1,500 bail Sheriff Molloy
elieves he acted in self-defenoe, Since the
riot Griffo ix constantly armed, as ho has been
told that twelve strikers have taken an oath to
murder him.

Reports have been received that the body of
@ man haa been discovered at the new quarry.
He had evidently beon shot by some of the
strikers, and had been dead for over a week.

YOUR HEMMED IN BY FLAMKS,

Parents Shielded Their Babes With Their
Own Bodies—Father Fatally Barned.

The five bakers who worked for Louis Cohen
inthe wix-story building at 67 Clinton street
had completed the piles of matzoth cakes for
the Passover and were sleeping in the base-
ment bakery early yesterday morning when
smoke, curling through the hallways, awak-
enedthem aud sentthem in a hurry half clad

| Intothe street, “Fire!” they shouted and Po-
liceman Haugh, at the corner, rang the alarm
and rushed into the bullding

On the second floor the congregation Ateres
Chaim has {ta synagogue, but it was empty,
and Haugh hurried upstairs. A barre! tron
door stopped him, and be ran down again into
the building next door and swung himself
from the flreescape into the burning build.

ing, where the watchman, tov terrified to help |

himself, was penned {non the top floor. Haugh
hustied him to the roof and across the house-
tons out of danger.

On the ground floor Hersch Beller lived with |

his wife, @ three-year-old
thirteen-months-old baby in the rear of tha
tallorahop. To protect the place from burg-
lars, Heller had barred and bolted all the
windows, and when he awoke and found @
bank of flame beating against his bedroom
| door the windows could not be opened, and
the only other exit was impassable. He lav
down on the floorin the corner farthest from
the fire, hie wife beside hiin, to awalt rescue
The children, wrapped in blankets, snuggled
down between them
Lieut. Doonan and Firemen Sullivan and
Tarlock, carrying a hose into the tailor's hed-
room 4 few minutes laler, saw by the frelight
through the anoke the four bodies on the
floor. The flame had swept over them, char-
ring the clothes which protected them sod
blackening their faces and bodies. The fira-
men carried the four out into the street, where
ambulances were called and they were hur-
redto Gouverneur Hospital. The children,
protected by their parents’ bodies, ware [ittle
the woree, The wother was terribly burned,
| Beller, scorched by the flames, had suffered
| u@onies hefore unconscfousness brought relief
The doctors said be could not survive
The fire was out almost before the victims
were removed. The loss will not exceed $1,500,
The congregation of Ateres Chaim opened
the feast of the Passover in other tabernacies,

OBITUARY,

daughter and a

Prof, Jobo Wesley Churchill, Db. Db Partlett,
Professor of Sacred Kietone since 1606, and
Protesaor of Elocution at Andover Theologica

Seminary, died of heart failure yesterday at bis
home in Andover, Mass. Jie was born in Fairlee,
Vt, May 26, 1880 He was graduated at Harvard
in the clags of 1465.) He took bis degree of MA
in 1868, and in the same year compleied his theo-
logical education at Andover le received tis
oficial appointment to the Jones Professorship of
Pulpit Oratory in Andover Seminary on the day
of his graduation from the institution, and then
studied in London and Paris for nearly a year
Hie had been the regular instructor in elocution
fn Phillips Academy since 1467 and had the
sume department for twenty-five years in Abbot
Academy He had given instrucuon in Brown
University, Amherst, Dartmouth, Smith, Welles-
ley and Mount Holyoke colleges, and had been
Instructor In hig department in the Harvard Di
vinity schoo! since 1800, Lie had been a co-pastor
of the chapel church in Andover since his connec
tion with the seminary. For two years be read
Professor Phelps's lectures on “Ilomiletics® to the
senior classes, and had general charge of the
department. He was associate editor of the
Andover Heview,
sons.

Alexander J. Wormser of this city died on
Tuesday on board the steamship Alleghany,
on which he sailed from this port for Kingston,
Jamaica, last Saturday. The Meas , which is now
at Kingston, will be brought to this city. Mr
Wormser was 4 sufferer from asthma and had been
in poor health for about a year, having retired
from active business several months oOo A
cruise in southern waters was recommended by
his physician. Ile was 33 years old and unmar-
ried, and was the son of the late Simon Wormser
of the banking firm of . & S. Wormser, 15 Hroad
street. His death was the second to oceur in the
Wormser family withttforty-eight hours, Eleanor
Ranjer Wormer, the eight year old daughter of
Maurice S. Wormser, baving died at her home,
14 East Sixty-second street. on Thursday morning

Major Joseph Walker died yesterday morning a
his home in Holly 5 rings, ( hesterfield county, .
e was born in Belper, Derbyshire, Eng., on
ay 6, 1820, came to America when quite young
nd settied in New York State While in New
ork he was a contractor and builder. He first
wens to Virginia during the Civil War ag Captain
of Company I, First Regiment NewYork Fngineers,
was later promoted wo Major He servec
in South Carolina, Georgia, Florida and Virginia.
He had the distinction of being called “the orginal
free silver man in Virginia

Richard Bo Vought, aged 74, died yesterday
of pneumonia ai his residence in Elizabeth. N
J. He was called the oldest custom house broker
in New York city, having followed the business
for forty five years. Previous to that he was
superintendent of the Ocean Steam Navigaiion
Company. ‘This company was formed by hts
uncle and iw steamers were the first to carry
the mai!s between the United States and Europe
He was born near Tarrytown. A widow and
three daughters survive him

DeWitt Clinton Sprague, a veteran of the 14%
New York Regiment, who had the Sateen
of being the strongest man in Sherman's ariny
on the famous “March to the Sea,” died at his
home in Parksville, N.Y, on Thursday, at the
age of 66 years During Sherman's march he
met the strong men of many different regiments
rom the East and West and Was always victorious
in athledic contesia = Sprague was 6 feet 4 inches
in height and measured fifty four inches around
the chest.

William 15. Walsh died yesterday at ,

in Bay Twenty eighth street Hath un b ~
neumonia. He was born in Ireland in 1847
for the last thirty years he had ben connected
with the Syracuse and Oswego line and was its
transportation agentin Sew York A widow and
six children. as well as two brothers, BReniamin
Walsh of the We tern Transportation Company
and John Walsh of the firm of Swee ser, Pem
brook & Co. of Manhattan, survive him

Miss Elizabeth Ward, a great granddar »
of Gon. Artemis Ward. died at the A Ww aba whiter
stead in Shrewsbury, Maes. yesterday, in her
fiftieth year She always lived at the family
house and preserved the per onal: fleets of the
General with great care She achieved some
| fame as & writer and published sev ral poems
} In 1902, she edited and published “Old ‘Time in
¢Shrewsbury,” a book of Value for bistorical refer
ence

James Hammond, the pioneer lumberman of
the Adirondacks, died at his tome in Plaushurg
| N.Y, yesterday, aged 76 years Mr Hammond
; began lumbering in the Adirondacks sixty years
| aire and nas since then lumbered over ine greater
} part of what Is now the Adirondack Preserve
| Last Saturday ne drove up tne Saranac Kiver
on a tour of inspection and contracted a cold which
resulted in his death

Mrs. Mary Atwater © eely died on ‘Thursday at
Bower C. She was the second wife of the
late Rev. G, W. Neely, who died at the same place
five mon the a § Was stepmother of Mrs
Alice M. Ho ton, of Arthur C. and F. Tenny-
eon Neely. was born at Mentor Ohio, Oct
i 31,1840, Shemarried the Rev Mr eely in 1872.

He leaves « widow and three

 

HOSTILE CAMPS AT. CROTON.

When a party of deputies attempted to |

 

| cline

| engaging

| and will rename ft.

When you buy a Safe you want one whose reliability and security cannot
be questioned, because in case of fire it is your only protection. The oldest and

best are “HALL’S.” Sold since 1840.

Prices right.

Hall’s Safes.

Your old safe exchanged
for a Modern *Hall.”’
Second Hand Safes for sale.

Safe moving and repairing.

THEATRICAL NOTES,

“The Weather Hen’ Produced—Brady and |

Ziegfeld Lease the Schley.

There were several reasons why yesterday's |
first performance of “The Weather Hen” in New |
York was vound to be the last. and not allot:
them aro-e from faulta of the play. It was on
the afternoon of Good Friday, when a suitable
audience was an impossibility. It had no au-
thority of authorship, vogue of management,
orcelebrity of actors, It was put forth with
all the suggestion of forlorn hope that &
matinée experinent conveys. This comedy
by Berte Thomas and Granville Barker bad
been used in Lonton with moderate suec-
cess, abd its failuro here at the Man-
hattan was pitiful, because not wholly
deserved. Still, po advantages of oro-
duction would have made us accept it,
because we have had more than enough

{ interrupted elopements lately on our
tage, and this jatest example of the excessive
output was hardly as good as the average,
though it had merits of wit and humor, The
wile deacribed asa weather hen was as change-
able in her fancies for men as & Weathercock
ja shifting ina variuble wind, She had a4 hus-
band who Was unfaithful to her, and two
suitors whom she encouraged, but she had no
love foreither of these men, nor any respect
for herself, nor even enough strength of bad
nature to make her @ flagrant sinner. How-
ever, ahe wished to get away from her hus-
band, and so she ran away with one of the
lovers. ‘The husband let her go, with only a
faint protest, and consoled himeelf with other
women Butthe second lover went after her
andcontrived to bring her back before she
had provided the evidence fora divorce. Then
she proposed a liaison with him, but he de-

A the felicity. As the husband was not the
easy forgiver that we are accustomed to in

) there elopement plays, nor waa the wife the

usual ready repenter, the upshot was that
she became ugain un actress, as she had been
before her marriage i }

As an attempt at serious comedy ‘The
Weather Hen” was futile. the woman in the |
centre was devoid of any oharm of character
to balance with her silliness, and the mea who
circled around her were not a soberly interest-
ingtrio. But the husband was an amusing |
cynic, one of the lovers was @ comical tippler, |
and if the othr had been laughable too, in-
stead of a loquacious adviser, there might have
been enough fun for agood farce. It is under-
stood that the piese was imported for Grace
George, who used “The Countess Chiffon” in-
stead for her unfortunate venture at the Fifth
Avenue a while ago. This is a better thing
than that was, but an abler actress failed yes-
terday to render its similar heroine in any way
The wayward wife must do some-
thing extraordinary if she would revive the
waning interest in that typeof feminine char.
acter. Merely to wig-wag to every gust of |
passion that blows on her, yet not be swept
away to something tempeatously wicked, is
not of any dramatic use at all.

Arrangements were completed yesterday
whereby the lease of the Schley Music Hall will
be transferred to William A. Brady and F
Ziegteld, Jr. They take the house for five
yeara with the privilege of renewing fora liko
period, commencing Sept. 1, They will recon-
struct the place somewhat during the summer
A stock company for bur-
lesque will be formed on the ypee of We
t ‘elda’s organization. Mr. Ziegfeld sails
or Europe.on June 5 in search of novelties.

Daniel Frohman will make the last per-
formance of hie stock company at Daly's a
week from to-night somewhat of an occasion,
This will bein honor of Mary Mannering, who
Jeaves her poattion of leading woman to try
being a star. "Trelawney of the ‘Wella,” the
play in which she appears at her best, will be
put on,

And now we are to have a Jananese ‘Saptio.”
Soda Yaeco will play the title part in an
Oriental) version of the Daudet story and
Otiviro Kauakamlt will act Jean, The experi-
ment should be interesting

Dippel to Sing To-night.

Herr Dippel will sing the title rdle to-night in

“Tannhauser” in vlace of Sig. Perott!. The
reason given is that vie. Perotti does not know
the Paris version, which is sung here.

MORE POWER FOR R, T, COMMISSION,

Mayor Signa Bill Giving It Jurisdiction
Over Al) City Tunnel Franchises,

Mayor Van Wyck approved yesterday the
bill extending the power of the Rapid Transit
Commission to all parta of the city. The bill

was passed by the Legialature at the request
ot the Rapid Transit Commissioners and
Comptroller Coler, and it gives tothe commie. |
sion the power over aj] tunnel franchises in the
city. The Bunicipa Assombly, at its meeting
on Tuesday, adopte 6 resvlution asking the
Mayor not to aign the bill, alleging that it took
rant tunnel franchises to private
corporations from them and vested it in the
commission. The commisetun will now have
powar o extend the Rapid Tranait Tunuel to
outh rook.

Tne Mayor has also signed the bill permitting |
the Comptroller to fund the debts of the |
counties ineinded in New York city at 34 per
cent, County bonds bearing ¢ r cent, inter. |
est and amounting to $8,000,000 become due
in January. |

the power to

—the best quality—
and there’s that
wonderful flavor,
known in nothi
that’s bak
Veronese Biscuit are
so flavored, so
baked, so packed
that their quality be.
gins with the baking
and never ends,
Order from caterers
or grocers, Sold in
large and small
ages—a wonder.
ul package
keeps them fresh

else

and crisp.

KINSEY, RAINIER & THOMSON,

GENERAL AGENTS,

393 BROADWAY, N. Y.

TEL. 307 FRANKLIN.

AEOLIAN
RECITAL

TO-DAY,
Saturday, April 14, 1900,

Admission Complimentary to All
; SOLOIST:
MR. CHARLES MOREN?OUT,
VIOLINIST.
The Aeotian is an instrument that
can be played by any one, It is a
Home Orchestra. Always ready to
play;- a simple hymn or dance, an
opera, or the latest popular music
You arecordially invited to investi
gate our instruments, Our recitals
give you the opportunity,

PROGRAM:
Willfam Tell
AOLIAN PIPE ORGAN
eee Air de Ballet
PIANOLA,
i Zigeunerwelsea
MK. MORENHOUT.
Volkman Wall from Serenade No. 8
BOLIAN ORCHESTRELLE,
Mosekowsk! Etinoelles
PIANOLA
Wienlawski. Legende
MR, MORENHOUT,

THE AEOLIAN COMPANY

MUSIC
DURING DINNER
EVERY EVENING

ALSO DURING LUNCH
ON SATURDAYS

HAANS

PARK ROW BUILDING
LADIBS' KND GENTLBEN'S

RESTAURANT

RATHSKELLER

ALSO AT COLUMBUS XMB.,
AND 76TH ST. DURING
DINNER AND SUPPBR

The Alleged B. R, T. Stock Wrecker te
Plead to Conspiracy Indictment To-day.

Henry Bogart, the last of the six men in-
dicted on the charge of conepiring to depress
the stock of the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Com-
pany was brought to this city last night from
Malone, N. Y., where he was arrested, and was
loeked up at Police Boadauarers. gart waa
Alfred KR. Goslen's clerk. He denied that he
fled to Canada to eacape arrest. He said he was
41 years old, was_a broker and lived at 45!
Seventh avenue, Brooklyn. He will be ar-
raigned in Part f, of the General Sessions to-
day to plead to the indictment.

Flat Raided in the Tenderloin.

John O'Keefe of Paterson, N. J., was robbed
of $19 in a flatin West Twenty-seventh atreet
near Broadway, He reported the robbery to

the Tenderloin police station, and early last
night the flat waa raided. May Adama, who
rented (t, was caught with another woman anid
threemen, When the police arrived one of the
men was smoking opium. The five prisoners
were held as suspicious persons.

Veronese
Biscul

that

OSS 00090000 S096 500000 00000000$50OOOO 300

EVERY HOUSEHOLD ano TRAVELLING TRUNK ovcHT To cowrain A BOTTLE oF

ENO’S ‘FRUIT SALT’

A Simple Remedy for Preventing & Curing by Natural Means

All Functional Derangements of the Liver, Temporary Congestion
arising from Alcoholic Beverages, Errors in Diet,
Biliousness, Sick Headache, Giddinesa, Vomiting, Heartburn,
Sourness of the Stomaoh, Constipation, Thirst, Skin Eruptions,
Boils, Feverish Cold, Influenza, Throat Affections, & Fevers of all kinds.

TESTIMONIAL.—" I have been a nurse for ten years, and have nursed oases
of scarlet fever, pymimia, erys!pelas, measles, gangrene, cancer, and almost every

mentionable disease,

During this time I nave not been ill for a single day, and

this I attribute to the use of Eno’s* Fruit Salt,’ which has kept my biood in

pure state.

Nurse (Qualified),

I recommend it to all my patients during convalescence, Its
Yalue as a means of health cannot be overestimated.’

*A PROFESSIONAL

THE EFFECT oF ENO'S ‘FRUIT SALT’ 01 A DISORDERED, SLEEPLESS, ano FEVERISH CONDITION
1s SIMPLY MARVELLOUS, 7 18, mw Farr, NATURE'S OWN REMEDY, ano an UNSURPASSED ONE.

CAUTION, —See capeule marked Emo's’ ( RUIT SALT.’ Without tt, you havea WORTHLESS IMITATION,

Prepared only by J. . BHO, 144, ‘FRU! C SALT’ WORKEA LONDON, ENG. by J. C. BNO'S Patent,
Wholeeale of Mesers B. FOUGE! A & 00, 88 m& & ®, North William Atreet, New Yory.

Leeann etencmmmnntaimtedimemiteatniertinns tisimetuniiee abana At Ai I PR te A cn
; ed

whe exith y ec ipattl ys hal wd Aa > ry

”

AWel th Pw

cH

Bee’
Ie

Th
rad F
old b
qhic
rivod
eteam
the D
Mrs.
shou
they
broa'
them
come’
Justi

Mon
jot

visit ©
told a!

large
other
anyth|
eonce
pent E
to the
these
gaid
to lea
name
the 60
“]
dJeffe
Mrs.
eo |
ences
wer
far
Rinna
ho
matio
name

name
Claud

at 0
Heck
irs.

abe
bie p
a yeu
togral
The
where
mat
and h
Geo!
Fecke
the I
Boon:
“AL
recor
John
This
Home
“Fo!
Mrs. J
Fron
Fecke
of one
Civil V
know
that F
back
enid vi
travel
horn
Tom
mana
burea
well e
by Fee
monia
an td
etters,
marri
that PI
rincig
‘eck e:
were
Reo
aevera
man in
his mo
eighth
Waldo
money.
Conra
home.
Last
‘om |
jhen
unless
the bo:
tinued
where
peer h
Im $4
refuse
dress
wasw
“H

e
added,
name,
love a
The fl
Feeke
that sf
apart
other
shes
and th
divore
good n
to hin
havin
Mrs.
met a
fortnn
made

wom

Epise

A ve
fixed f
of the
Divin
ofan
memb
be con
ordert:
the di

The
ears,
arn
bocie
and

ears
eenth

Parish

To

The
consid
tranef
avenu
and h
and d
the
Sunda
terda
trolie

era rf
erat
use on
been
ifthe
Will ba
new o
Greate

The
Peter
Btyle¢
wWomeg
for goa
When
terday
aOpeag
oi of

Job
bn
to He
Davis

Jose
has fil
ities $
waa fq
Cone r
form