FECKERS STILL FIGHTING,

ys ARE THAT NEITHER WILL
GET THE BOY,

CHANCE

 

ker Apparently Belleves That the Lad
oe a Grandson of a Prominent General
a the Civil War Mra. Vecker Tells How
she Met Him aud Why She Married Him,

The fight between Mr. and Mrs, Charles Con-

| Fecker over the possession of the five-year
a boy known 48 Conrad Benjamin Pecker,
oa was begun on Thursday when he ar-
v 4 at Hoboken on the North German Lloyd
yrs or Labs. was transferred yesterday to
iste + Attorney's office, where Mr, and
the Fecker went each to tell why the boy

 

a rhegiven up to the other, In this
they were * suecessful that it was pretty
broadly int mated last night that neither of
them Is likely to get the boy when the matter
gomes upon the writ of habeas corpus before
Justice Vitewera ! in the Supreme Court on
Monday

Poth of the Feckers were seen after theli
qisit to the District Attorney's office, and each
toll stories about the other, The namesof a
large number of prominent men of this and
other cities were brought in in ways that were
anything but creditable to any of the persons
eonverned Assistant District Attorney Collins
pent Pohceman John Brinley, who ts attached
tothe District \ttorney’s office, to investigate
these stories as far as possible, Mr, Coliins
paid afterw ird that as faras Brinley was able
tu learn none of the stories in which the
pames of politicians and men prominent in

the soeial world were Used Was true,

‘po got the child from the Baby Home in
Jefferson street in Milwaukee in June, 1807,”
Mrs, Feckor said toa SUN reporter, “and to do
iged to give two reputable refer-
way ho satisfactory an-

to the inquiries so

go I was ot
ences. The reason
ewer hus been recelvec :
far sent to Milwaukeo is because the
roper nawes have not been used
hose Who sent inquiries asked for infor.
mation about the ehild by his present
name of Conrad, = That was not his
nome when TI took him, Ue was called
Ciaude something =I don't know what his
jaxt name was, Then they asked if a Mrs
fecker wotachild, My name at that time was
Mrs. John Ballhorn, Pmuve as references a Dr,
‘aber and a Dr, Ernest Copeland, both repute:
be physicians, The matron L knew well, and
a year after [T got the child, sent her a pho-
tograph of him, standing beside a. big dog,
Yhe picture was sent froin San Francisco,
where Twas then living. [ have written tothe
matron enclosing @ recent picture of Edward
and hope soon for an answer

George Kobinson of () Nassau atreet, Mrs
Feoker'’s lawyer, sent the following telegram to
the Baby Home in Milwaukee yesterday aiter-

Non:
’ vindly telegraph me at onee if you have any
recor’ of adoption of baby called Claude to Mrs.
John Ballhorn on or about June 1, 1807,"

This anewer was recetved froin the Baby

dome
: Found record of Clande adonted by Mr, and
Mrs John Balthorn, July 8, 1N07,'

lrom various sources it was gathered that
Fecker has an idea that the boy is a grandson
ofone ofthe most prominent Generals of the
civii War, and that he believes Mrs. Fecker
knows who his father was. It is pretty certain
that Fecker knows but little of his wife's past
back of the time when he married her, She
pai! vesterday that she and Mr. Ballhorn
travelled after she adopted the child and Ball-
horn died in San Franeiseo

“T met becker there,” she said, “He was
managing a real estate office, a matrimonial
bureau anda hypnotist’s bureau all in one, A
wei) educated man named Pierce was employed
by Fecker to write love letters forthe matri-
meopial bureau's correspondence, Fecker be-

ay to ake love tome,and I began to get
letters from him, It was not until after I was
married to him for some time that I learned
that Pierce wrote me letters for Fecker, It was

rincipally the letters that induced me to marry
Focker, The beautiful language in which they
were written won my heart.

“Feeker constantly asked me for money and
several times suggested that I lure some rich
man into marriage in order that he might get
his money, :

“At present I am living at & Fast Twenty-
eighth atreet but intend shortly to move to the
Waidort. I have rich relatives and besides
money of my own and am we!! able to give little
Conrad all necessary education and a good
home.”

Last November Fecker, she said, got $300
from her and went to Europe with the boy.
When he got back, she sald, he told herthat
unless she gave him $500 ahe should never see
the boy again, “I got. mad then,” she con-
tinued, “and told him that if he did not tell me
where the boy was I would land him in jailand
keep him there. Then he wanted me to give
bm $250 to take himto San Franciseo, but I
refused, Finally, he gave me the boy's ad-
dress and Tsenton the money for his fare, He
was with relatives of Fecker’s,

‘Here is a letter Fecker sent to me,” she
a)/od, producing a letter signed with Fecker's
name, The letteropened with expressions of
love and then contained three propositions.
Tho first was that Mra, Fecker should receive
Fecker back as her husband, and promised
that she should be at liberty to live in separate
apartments and carry on ‘‘vestmaking” or any
other business she liked; the second was that
she should let Feeker get a divorce from her,
ani the third was.that she should geta “quick”
divorce from him, because, he said, he had
good matrimonial prospects which had come
to him on the voyage to this conntry after
having the child abroad,

Mrs. Feeker declared that her husband had
met ayoung woman on the ship towhom a
fortune of $10,000 was left recently and had
tale love to her.

”

WOMEN WILL GIVE UP THEIR ORDER,

Episcopal Sisters of the Good Shepherd to
Becomwne Deaconeases.

A very unusual religious ceremony has been
fixed for St, Mark’a Day, April 25, in the erypt
of the Eplseopal Cathedral of St. John the
Divine. The event is the voluntary giving up
ofan Episeopal order by those who are left as
members of it, and the ceremony, which will
beconducted by Bishop Potter, will be that of

ordering the Sisters of the Good Shepherd to
the diaconate.
The order has been in existence for many

 

ears, It was started by Sister Ellen In St.
arnabas House. It was one of the pioneer
sorieties of women in the Episcopal Church,

and as such it encountered opposition. Some
years ago it purchase] a house in West Nine-
teenth street. It took poor girla to educate,
maintained a fresh-air work at Asbury Park,
and made a specialty of collecting partly worn
clothing, repairing itand thereby giving em-
Dioyment to needlewomen, and selling the
same to deserving persons, especially poor
women. A large part ofthe work was parochial.
Risters of the order entered different parishes
and did house-to-house visiting. The plan
Was economic, because it was possible for a
rector of an Episcopal parish to engage a visi-
tor fortwo or three montha, get his work done,
tniaave the expense of maintaining a visiter
@l the year,

Frictin:. arose in anumber of cases, notably
atthe Churchofthe Beavenly Rest, where there
Was aconfiict of authority between the Kev,
Dr Db. Parker Morgan, the revtor, and the
Mister superior, Now the sisters voluntarily
jveuptheir order, and have asked Bishop
otter to order them deaconesses, The change
Will mean that the deaegnesss will come
Clreet'y under tha authority of the Bishop of
the diocese, and there will be no. sister
Superior, There are three sisters remaining.
Their work as deaconesses will be almost the
Sime as before, chiefly that of temporary
banish visitors,

To Facilitate Travel to Coney Island,

The Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company ts
¢ nsideriug a plan tudo away with the present
transfer system at the Union Depot at Filth
fyonue and Thirty-sixth street on Sundays
and holidays, There were much confusion
ong elay in handiipg the first big crowd of
iC SPason that Auéked to Coney Island last
‘ hlay. An offleial of the company sald yes-
feriday that it was likely that by May 1 the
roveys and elevated linus would carry Dassen-
kers right through to the island without trana-
erat Thirty-sixth atreet, Allthe open ears for

‘se on the Fifth avenue elevated. line have
“no rinona siding at the Union Depot, and
the weather is fine to-morrow, many of them

Wi! be used on the Coney Island trains. Many
Dewones have been built, and there will bea
Srevter number in use than last year,

Local Business Troubles,

The Sheri? has received an execution against

 

 

DOWNTOWN CLUN FUR WOMEN. BARRED MOLI

 

Proposed Orgamszntion Will Be Patterned
After Men's Dintog Clubs,

Women working in business offices downs
town have under consideration a plan for the
organization of a downtown club to be pats
terned after organ|zations where business men
eat lunch and seek recreation, particularly
during the noon hour, The plan will without
doubt be adopted, as a committee has avout
decided upon u loeation for the proposed elub,
The organization will bea branch of one that
has existed in Chicago fortwo years, This ia
known as the American Association of Busi-
ness Women and the elub here will be called
the New York Counct! of the organization.

In Chicago the association has had great
success and when the plans to start a branch
here were discussed some time ago by a iew
stenographers and business women they
aroused the interest of some wealthy women
of the city, who have promised their assistance,
These have now constituted themselves into
an Advisory Committees, whieh is made up of
the following: Miss Grace H, Dodge, Mrs, 8.8.
Packard, Mrs. Herman Le Roy Edgar, Miss
Virginia Potter and Mra, Frederick J. Swift.
The commitias of business women in charge
of the work of organization consists of Miss C.
Vo Swift, Miss C. E. Davidson, Miss G. PF. Web-
pier, Miss I’, E. Vaddix and Miss W. W, Over-
and,

A meeting was called by this committee last
Tuesday at 18 Cedar street and about one
hundred and arty women from downtown offl-
ees attended. The pians pronosed to them
which net with unanimous approval provide
for a clubhouse, the most wm porenge feature of
which will be a restaurant where the stenog-
raphers and women c.erks can moet and lunch
together, There will also be reading and rec-
reation rooms and other features found in
men's cluvs downtown, While the location of
the club rooms has not been finally decided
upon, the committee appointed for the pur-
pose muy determine to lease three floors
of the building at 14° Cedar. street, where

he Importers and ‘Traders’ Club waa located

utonetime, This elud spent $20,000 in fitting
upthe three floors, putting in u kitehen and
dining rooms elaborately nished There are
asthe club left them, and the meeting on
Tuesday was held in them to give those tn-
vited to Join the club a chance to inspect them,
and many were in favor of leasing them at
once

Misa C, E, Swift said yesterday that the plans
for the club were not completed, but that there
was nodoubt the elub would soon be started
on the lines deseribed ‘

“It will not bea woman stenographers’ club,
as it has been ealled,” she said, “It will be
strictly aclub tor business women who object
to being called girls The elub will be for any
woman employed in offices in any capacity, and
will Le a success as it has in Chicago.’

ror HOSPITALS,

Saturday and Sunday Association's Collec.
tion Distributed Among Them.

The Distributing Committees of the Hospital
Saturday and Sunday Association of New York
city met yesterday in the office of Postmaster
Van Cott for the purpose of distributing the
undesignated portion of the general collection
for IN. In additfon to the amount dis-
tributed by the committee, the Treasurer re-
ported that the sum of $13,177.18 had been
specially designated to various hospitals by in-
dividual donors, which, together with the sum
o? $3,000 reserved for future expenses, Drings
the total collection up to $74,177.16

The following is the apportionment of the
committee made on a basis of free work per-
formed by the various institutions benefitting:

Hospital. Amount

Montefiore Home for Chronic Invalids $5,800.00
St. Luke's Hospital 5,161.78
Mt. Sinat Hospital 4915.59
Roosevelt Hospital $,530,10

MONFY

German Hospital 5,461.64
Ruptured and Crippled Hospital 5,080, 82
Nursery and Child's Hospital 2701.45
St. Mary's Free Hospital for Children 2,056.96
Isabella Heimath 1,802.45
Home for Ineurables 1,897.47
Mothers’ Home of the Sisters of Miseri

cordla 1,760.04
Freneh Hospital 1,780,582
Colored Home and Hospital 1,602.47
Sloane Materntty Hospital 1,495.41
Lebanon Hospital 1,844.81
Orthopaedic Hospital 1,313.73
Infirmary for Women and Children, 1,005,480
usa of ibe Holy Comforter 1,047.78
J. Hood Wright Memorial Hospital 964.02
Woman's Hospital 834.453
Flower Hospital 601,18
Skin and Cancer Hospital. waa 7SA.59
Mothers’ and Babtes’ Hospital es 761.01
Post tiraduate Baap eat Seoresees 757.61
St. Mark's Hospita er orseeeveee 754.50
Heth Israel Hospita! 606.01
Opbthalmie Hospital 602.46
Babies’ Hospital 667.01

Fye and Far fogrmary 664.99
New York Polyclinic Hospital 503.16

  

 

Manhattan Eye and Ear Hospital 0.08
Old Marion Street Maternity Hospital ,
Hahnemann ReaPe f

General Memorial Hospital 840 10
Ophthalmic and Aural Institute B08. 05

25000
250.00

Convaleseent Home
Medical College and Hospital for Women

Total distributed

WANTS LIFE PENSION FROM GOULD,

 

 

Evidence to Be Taken in England on For-
mer Steward Mowbray’s Claim.

In the action brought some time ago by
Frank D. Mowbray to recover on an alleged
centract with Howard Gould to pay him $8 a
month for life Justice Freedman of the Bu-
premoe Court has issued a commission to take
the teatimony of William Pitt in London in be-
half of Mr. Gould. Mowbray was employed on
George Gould’s schooner yacht Hildegarde,
which formerly belonged to the Prince of
Wales. While Howard Gould was entertaining
aparty of friends on_board the Hildegaride,
which was anchored off Larchmont, on July 4,
1804, Mowbray was injured by rockets which
he found inthe hold and which he supposes
had been there from the time the Prince owned
the vessel. He lost the sight of an eye,

Mowbray had been steward of the yacht, but
after the accident he was employed as valet by
Howard Gould, He saysthat he sued Howard
and George Gould for $50,000 damages, but
withdrew the suit on the Promise of Howard
Gould to employ him at $80 a month for life,
He says that after the suit for Injuries had
been barred by the statute of limitations he
was discharged.

David D. Duncan, attorney for Howard
Gould, made affidavit that Mr. Pitt could give
evidence showing that the discharge of Mow.
bray was for other causes than Mowbray
alleged.

THE BOULEVARD PARKWAY,

 

West End Association Members Don’t Want
the Tunnel! Built Under It.

Fifteen members of the West End Associa-
tion appeared before the Bonrd of Rapid
Transit Commissioners yesterday to protest
against the disfigurement of the Boulevard
parkway by the subway contractor. Their
spokesmen were Cyrus Clark, John ©. Cole-
man, John MeDonald and Cassius M, Wicker,
all ol whom declared that the Rapid Transit
aubway should be bailt under the drives, W.
1. Parsona, Chief Engineer of the commis.
sion, said that it would probably cost. much
more to build two narrow subways under the
drives than to build a wide one in accordance
withthe present plana, and that Contractor
John KB. MeDonald might not consent to such
a change. On the other hand, Mr. Parsons
continued,the disfigurement of the parkway by
building the subway beneath it, would be only
temporary because the contractor will be re-
quired to restore all grass plots and set out a
new tree for every one deatroyed.

 

 

COME-ONS BUNCOED,

Paid #300 for What They Supposed Was
a Package of Counterfelts,

William L, Trotter and David MeCoskey,
farmers all the way from Sevierville, Sevier
county, Tenn., were picked up about +
P. M. yesterday by Policeman William Boyle in
the Pennsylvania Railroad waiting room in
Jeraey City. They were “come-ons” who had
been on, got their supposed green goods, and
were on their way back to Tennessee entirely
satisfied with the result of their journey, lu.
jicoman Dovie noticed that one of them care-
fully guarded a small box, and, surmising that
they had been victimized, he questioned them,

‘took them to Police Headquarters, where
m the usual

 

 

THE SUN, SATURDAY, APRIL 14, 1900.
NEUX CASE,

 

a

COMMISSIONER WILCOX EXCLUDES
IT FROM GARDINER INQUIRY,

 

After a Tempestuous Day the Prosecution |

Aunounces the Completion of Ite Evie
dence Against the District Attorney
Hearing Adjourned to Next Wednesday,

There was the usual disturbance yesterday
at the hearing before Commissioner Wilcox on
the charges against Distriot Attorney Gardiner
in Part IV, of the Supreme Court. The Com-
missioner announced that after careful con-
sideration of the papers submitted to him on
Thursday in regard to the Molineux trial he
had decided to exclude that trial from the
question at issue iuasmuch as the case was
much complicated and was now under appeal,

Mr. Untermyer, counsel for Col, Gardiner,
opened the first quarrel by objecting to the
list which the prosecution had presented on
Thursday purporting to show all the forfeited
liquor tax recognizances that had been paid
into the Comptroller's oMce by District
Attorney Gardiner. Mr. Untermyer said that
the list was unfairly made and did not include
$6,000 which Col. Gardiner had paid to the
Comptroller, The way the list was made up,
he said, waa thoroughly characteristic of the

dishonest methods followed by the City Club
in its persecution of Col, Gardiner.

“The list 1s correct,” sald Mr. Deming.

“Itisn't,” said Mr, Untermyer.

Mr. Deming then announced that while he
did not desire to make any attempt to evade
the Commissioner's ruling about the Molineux
case he thought that it wae proper to intro-
duce certain evidence with regard to the Dis-
trict Attorney's course during the trial of the
case, He thought that auch evidence would be

ertinent under the specification charging the

istrict Attorney with “genera! unfitness.”

“TI object, I object!” said Mr. Untermyer.
Then with great sweetness he turned to the
Commissioner and explained that he objected
simply to protect the rights of bis client, but
that, as a matter of fact, both he and Col,
Gariiner were perfectly willing that all com.
perenk evidence as to the District Attorney's

‘havior upon all occasions should be laid

efore the Court with the utmost fulness. The

‘om inissionvr amiled a grim smile of acknowl.
edgment. Mr. Deming observed, with much
intensity in his tone, that Mr Unterm rer was
very kind. The evidence was admitted.

Thomay Daly, a clerk in the County Clerk's
office, and Henry Welsh, of the Court of Gen-
eral Sessions, presented some forfeited recog:
nizances on_ whieh no collections had heen
made. Sir. Untermyer aaid that if he had the
opportunity, he could prove that every unpaid
forfei recognizance was accompanied by an
nnsatiefied judgment showing that no collee-
tion could possibly have been made, He was
allowed to prove this in one Instance,

At the afternoon session Mr. Deming offered
for the convenience of the Court and opposing
eounse), an abstract of the papers already
offered in the hearing about cases transferred
from one courtto another. Mr. Untermyer was
very grateful to Mr. Deming for this considera-
tion. Then Mr. Deming announced that the
case of the prosecution was closed, Mr, Unter-
myer urgently asked Mr. Deming to be sure to
putin a'l the evidence he had, Both heand his
client, he said, were anxiousthat the whole case
against the District Attorney should be as full
as possible, The hearing was adjourned until
Wednesday, April 20,

MKS, NEULIS LOST IN NEW YORK,

Came Here on April 2 to Consult an Ocu-
list, but Friends Can't Find Her,

Mrs. Frank Nelis, a young woman who lived
with her husband in Richtleld, Conn,, left her
home on April 2 to come to this city, and since
that time her family has heard nothing from

her.
ing and she had written to an oeulist: in
Seventy-fourth street saying that she was
coming to New York to consult him, and that
she was going to stop with friends at 144 Raat
Sixty-sixth street. Tne traipmen remember
her and aay that she arrived safely atthe Grand
Central station.

Dr. Northrop sald_ yesterday that the only
way her friends could account for the woman's
disappearance was on the theory that she had
me? with accident or had wandered off while
auffering from # sudden attack of mental
aberration,

 

80 ACRES 70 T1ME VOLUNTEERS,

Their Exhortations Now Reach the Ears of
4,000,000 a Year.

Moytenatr, April 13.—Commander Balling-
ton Booth of the Volunteers of Amerfea said
to-day in reference tothe gift of land In Call-
fornia tothe Volunteers of America; “Quite
recently the Volunteera issued a plain state-
ment of the advance of the four-year-old move-
ment, and the donors of the land were so grat-

ifled with the report that the Volunteers now
reach over $,000,000 of people per annum that
they have shown their approval in_ a practical
way The tract lies near San Jose and is
deeded outright tothe Volunteers. It contains
over eighty acres.”

 

 

BURGLARS LOOT AN ANTIQUE STORE,

 

87,000 Worth of Goods Taken—Not a Clue to
the Thieves.

Capt. Donohue of the West Forty-seventh
street police station and his detectives are
looking for burglars who on Wednesday night
broke into the store of Frederick W, [lerbert at
007 Seventh avenue and stole property valued
by the proprietor at over $7,000,

The police are at a lose to understand how
$7,000 worth of stuff could be carried away
without an express wagon being in the neigh-
borhood, but the man who was on post outside
the store on that night declares that no wagon
was anywhere near the store

SANK AS SHE ENTERED PORT,

Clyde Liner Brings In Some Survivors of
the Crolse,

The Clyde Jiner New York, which arrived
last night from San Domingo, had aboard threa
Spanish sailors, survivors of the wreck of the
little French steamship Georges Croise, which
aprang 4 leak and sank outside Santo Domingo
city on March 2\), as she was entering port.

Court Calendars This Day.

Special Term—Part Ifl.—Court
opens at 10:30 A. M.- Ex parte matters,
Surrogate’s Court) Chambers -For probate
of Pineus Pobalsk! Bridget Foy, at }O40 4. M
City Court Special Term
M.—Mottons at 10.30 ALM

Supreme Court
Wills

Courtopens at 10 A

 

Tiffany & Co.

Compact Sets of Silver
Forks and Spoons

Richly finished wooden cabi-
nets containing sterling silver
forks and spoons in sets of '5,
6, 8, 14 or 18 dozens at

$1.00 per Ounce

The recognized utility and
permanent value represented by
sterling silver forks and spoons
commend thesz sets to the care-

ful consideration of all pur-

 

 

ccs eit neni eee ae aac ieee cece ENE

For some time her eyes had been ail- |

 

 

STILL HUNT FOR A FOX TERRIER

 

Hunter Comes From Philadelphia to See
Princess Salm-Salm About It.

David 8, Seott, a Philadelphia Magtstrate, had
8 valuable fox terrier stolen from his doorstep
On April 1, and yesterday he came to this city
to see what there was ina rumor that Princess
Salm-Salm had the dog. The Magistrate did
hot think for an instant that the Princess had
stolen the dog, but he thought that the man
who had stolen his pet might have sold it to
somebody else, and that the Princess might
have bought it in good faith, He heard that
the Princess had such adog from the Phila-
delphia schoolboys who came here the other
day to say “good-by” to the messenger bound
for Pretoria with a schoolboys’ message to
President Kriger. The boys had brenk fasted
with Princess Salm-Salm at the Waldor!-As-

torla, Upon his arrival Magistrate Beott ap-

vealed first to his friend, Thomas F. Foley, a

Otelkeeper at Franklin and Centre streets,

Foley said he would arrange matters, He
telephoned to Billy Burns, the hotel detective
atthe Murray Hill, and asked him co take the
Magistrate to the Waldorf-Astoria and look
ground for the dog without making a muse of
it, Burns consented and he, Foley and Sentt
with a few more friends from Phila-
delpbia and this eity went to the hotel.
Burns told them that they would have to
take luncheon there in orier not
to arouse suspicion. They were all willing.
The luncheon was. on Magistrate Scott, Be-
tween the fifth and sixth courses Billy Burns
informed Mr. Scott in a whisper that he would
go alone and look for clues. Then he tiptoed
out of the palm garden to find his friend
Schuyler West, the Waldorf detective. He re-
turned to the party jaat as Magistrate Scott
had paid forthe luncheon, Sropped a asiipot
paper on the table and walked out. On the
paper was written:

Princess Salm-Salm has gone to see her
brother-in-law, Col. E Johnson, in Vineland,

.J., and won't be back till Monday. Clerks
know nothing about her terriers.”

Magistrate Scott returned to Philadelphia
last night. He said he thought the schoolboys
had put up a job on him. At the Waldorf-
Astoria it was said thatthe only dog Princess
Baim-Salm had, so far as was known there,
Was a collie.

THE PARTNERSHIP GAME,

Macaulay, Under Arrest for Working It, Said
to Have Had a Victim Every Four Months.

Frederick W. Macaulay, who describes hime
selfasa general broker at 150 Nassau street,
was a prisoner in Jefferson Market court yes-
terday, accused of having worked the “partnere
ship game” with eminent success on anumber
of trusting citizens. William Lockwood of 155
Fast Sixty-eighth street, who swore out the
Warrant on which the prisoner was arrested,
suid he had been persuaded to pay $750in
cash and givea note for $1,000 to acquire a
half interest in Macaulay's business, which was
supposed to net $7,000 annually, All that the
complainant got outofthe business, he said,
was $in loans and the pleasure of sitting for
three months onachair in the Nassau street
oMes, When he eclamored for more substan-
tial returns Macaulay quietly gave him to un-

derstand that the chair would be needed for
some one else to sit on.

Augustus Dusenberre, asalesman of Mount
Vernon, and August Peterson of 23 Maple
street, Brooklyn, were mentioned by Detective
Sergeant MeConoville as having been among
other alleged victims of Macaulay. who will ape
pearin court to proseeute him, Dusenberre's
experi¢nce in the partnership jine is said to
have cost him just $1,000, while Peterson, a
closestisted Swede, obtained the same privi-
leges for $100 cash and a note for $200,
MoConville intimotedto Magistrate Brann that
Maeiulay has disposed of a victim every four
mouths, and that a dozen persons would be on
hand to testify when the case ,eached a trial
court

Macaulay was heh! under $1,500 ball for fur-
ther examination,

LAWYERS’ OFFICES SFARCHED,

Foster L, Backusand William O, Miles Angry
at a New Turn in the Beer Stamp Case.

United States Internal Revenue Collector
Fraok R. Moore of Brooklyn has aroused the
wrath of former District Attorney Foster L,
Backus and former Assistant District Attorney
William O, Miles in connection with the theft
from the Government of beer stamps, some of
which were found in possession of Thomas
Blaney in the Astor House on Wednesday alter-
noon, When Blaney wae arrested, Mr. Moore
caused his subordinates to make a search of
the oMees of Mr. Backus and Mr, Miles late on
Thursday afternoon, Mr. Miles was exceed.
Ingiv angry last night regarding the matter,

“Why, Mr. Moora,” he said, “sent his subor-
my offlee while he came
aroundto my house and searched it himself
during my absence. [t was uncalled for on his
part, and when he had aecomplished his mis-
gion, such as if was, he went away without hay:
ing discovered anything wrong, Not only did
he act in th’s manner with me, but he also vis-
ited the offlee of Mr. Backus and made a
search, even going through hia safe.’

Mr. Backus was asked last night about his
connection with the easy and way the Pederal
authorities had searched his offlee. He de-
clined to say anything about the matter.

 

dinates to search

 
   

NERE MAYOR AND COLER AGREE,

Mayor Thinks Dock Improvement
dn’t Be Counted in Debt Limit,

fan Wyck sald yesterday that ho
with the Comptroller that bonds
improvements in the Dock Depart-
ment should not count against the city’s debt
limit. He was giving a hearing on the bill
which will permit the department to spend
$4,000,000 a year in addition to the $3,000,000
now allowed forthe improvement of the prope
erty. Dook Commissioner Meyer said that
there were twenty-five applications before the
board for the seven piers now being built and
that others were expected. He said that thirty
pew piers could be rented with protit by the
city

“How much dock property is now owned by
private persons?” asked the Mayor,

“About a third,” sald Mr. Meyer

“L think that we ought to have aconstitu-
tional amandment so that this money would
not count against the debt limit,” said the
Mayor, “The department has been more than
ael!-supporting since 1872. I[ think that the

Bonds

 
  
 

debt limitanyway,”
The Mayor will sign the bill,

Court of Appeals Calendar for Monday.

Avpany, April 13.—The Court of Appeals will
reconvene on Monday, and the following is the
ecalendar of appeals trom orders set for that
day:

1007, in re petition of Kessler, &e: 1008, People ex
rel Pleree vs. Cassidy and others, LOOP, in re petition
of Lyman, State Commissioner of Exctse, &e., vs.
1018,

vs Mor-
individ
Company

Wohittler
1021, in re
22. People ex rel Sherrill
imer et al

of Larkin
rust) Company
1016, Porter,
International Bridge
and other 1017, in reopening = of
street, 10148, Duer and another vs, Hunt
application of Bvellne, &e.; 1
etalyvs Guegenh
Smith vs. Doyle and others
Georgia as adimini teator, &e., 19248, In re application
of Westerfield and another LOSL, People ex rel Lang
vs. York aud others, Police Commilasioners: 10482, in
reopening of East 175th ‘
Wo hington Building Cc
of ‘Taxes, &e

Salatino, 1011, in re applieaidon
People ex rel Colonial
Kan as Comptroller, &e.

ually, &e., Vs

bo2s

People ex rel
1026 In re petition of

 

treet

 

. People ex rel
Commisstoners
Hryant and
Jenkins and others
Hoard of Assessors, &¢.;
ple ex rel Fahy vs New York and others,
misstoners: 1050, peoole ex rel Mallon vs.
evel and others, Police Commissioners
re applicatton of MeCormick and
mentary guardians, de, 14)
as State Commissioner of Exetse, &e.
Blliott and others; tas
| ¥s Dalton, as Comn
People vs. Priort

neany vs.
1034, Gallagher vs
1038, People ex rel
and) others

others

 

140, in
others as testa
in re petition of Ly
1042,
people ex rel
issioner, &e., and

man
Harris ¥

Langdon et
anotner, 145

The Werther,

Rain and snow were falling vesterday in Wisconsin,
Michigan
northern

Indiana, Ohto, northern Pennsylvania,
New York and Vermont and rain on the
New England coast. It was cloudy in the Middle
\tiantle States, In all other sections tt was fair,

lieavy frost occurred in all the Southern States ex
cept Florida. The cold was due toan area of high
pressure centring over the Southern States It was
siikhtiy warmer in nearly all the northern part of the

country

 

No other aid so great to the housewife, no other.
agent so useful and certain in making delicious,
pure and wholesome foods, has ever been devised.

BSOLUTELY PURE

There are imitation’ baking powders, sold cheap, by

many grocers,

They are made from alum, a poison-

ous drug, which renders the food injurious to health.

ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM ST,, NEW YORK,

VEW WAGES LAW DECISION,

$$$

JUSTICE BISCHOVE'S OPINION
VARIANCE WITH M’'ADAM'S,

In Passing Upon the Daniel F,

Justice Bischoff of the Supreme Court de-
elded yesterday inthe suit of Hugh MeCann,
Jr., as administrator of the estate of Daniel F.

McCann, to recover $71.37 from the city under

the Prevailing Rate of Wages jaw of 1804, that
rights of action which acerned under that act
are not cancelled by the Labor law of 18iH).
Daniel F. MeCann was a rammer inthe De-
partment of Highways
Bischoff says:

“There seems to ve no dispute that the party
have had a right of action upon his

would
claim if sult hal been brought before the pas-
sage of the Labor lawof 18.7 (chapter 587),
but it is contended for the demurrant that this
statute whieh impliedly repealed
1804 as refnacted in 187 operated to termine
ate all legal claims founded upon the prevail-
Ing rate of wages underthe eariieracts, This
view was adopted in the case of Bock iliist
the City of New York, where it was held by
Justice MeAdam that the right to the prevail
ing rate of wages was nota vested right and
could not be asserted after the repeal of the
ute by virtue of which it existed

“The decision evidently proceeded upon the
Assumption that the repeal in INK! saved no
rights which might: have acerned to parties
under the laws repealed, yet betore the repeal
a person ip the aituation of the plaints? hada
right of action which it Was competent to the
Legislature to preserve, and it would appear
that the attention of the learned Justice had
not been called to section 41 of the Stututory
Construction law (Laws of 182, chapter 77),
which tirectly preserved the
or accrued under any statute repeated, and
which provision waste be read into the act of
18%) This question was not touched upon in
the opf{nion handed down by Mr. Justice
Me Adam, and the conelusion that the plaintiff's
right of action was preserved would seem to be
obvious,”

The Justice overrules the demurrer inter-
yosed by the city with lenve to answer ‘The
aw agit standson these decisions is that the

    
 

 

  
 

 

 
 
 

   
 

 

 

    

_ While La Preferencia cigars
3 ' cost the dealer more than :
other cigars retailing at the

AT

MeCann
Prevailing-Rate Claim Mr. Bischoff Save |
That Justice McAdam in the Bock Case
Overlooked an Important Point of Law.

Of the claim Justice

the act of

rights accruing |

“30 Minutes
in Havana”!

   

Act of 1899 repealed the prevailing rate laws,
80 that therets no right to enforce claims for
the prevathng rate ‘or work done stoee May 12,

| 1400, where the employment is direetly by the

city, but that claims are good for work done
between the Act of 1804 and that of 180),

EDWARD #H, CADMUS FOUND,

to Have Been Dazed Ever Since He
Wus Held Up Recently.

Paterson, N. J., April 13.—Edward H. Cad-
mus, a young salesman who wandered away
from his home yesterday, has been found. He
is with relutives at New Paltz, N. Y, Mrs. Saran
Hasbrouck of that place telegraphed his par-
ents this afternoon that he is safe at her
home. Friends will go there to-morrow to
bring him back, Cadmus appeara to have been
ina dazed condition since he was held up and
robbed by # woman footpad and a male accom.
plies an week ago

It is now known that one week |
hold-up Cadmus was poisoned, he poison
was ip the coffee of the family. All the meme
bers of the family were more or less affected,
but nothing was done about the matter, There
seems to be nothing, however, to counect the
po'soning with the assault on Cadmus.

Said

rior to the

TOOK A WALK IN HISUNDERCLOTIVES,
Missing Man Found Strolling Thinly Clad
in Wall Street,

105th street
Wall

Theodore Rothmaler of 54 East
wns arrested while taking a walk in

street early yesterday morning dreased only in |
| clauses atfeeting them, which place them prace

hisundereothes, Atthe Old Siip station he
was recognized as aman tor whom «4 geueral
alarm was sept out Jast Wednesday He
seemed starving, and when tood was offered
tohim ate ravenously. His wife called for him
later and took him home. She said he bas not
room in his mebt mind s.nee he fell overboard
rom a steamboat three years ago.

Patria Club's New Omecers.

The Patria Club met last night at the Hote!
Savoy and elected the following oMcers:
President, Col. Charles H. Denison; First Vice-
President, the Rev. J. W. Hegeman: Second
View President, Dr Charles Vo Chapin; Third

View President, Mrs. Esther Herrmann: Seeras ,

Treasurer, George ©
Pro!, Fran-

tary, John A. Dutton:
Batchellear; Exeeutive Committee:
eis M. Burdiek, Judge
James Taleott,

a OS TT ne ed Cae

Warren Higley and |

Beni

NEW LIBEL LAW IN HAVANA.

CUBAN NEWSPIPURS ANGRY AT AW
ORDER OF GEN. WooD's,

 

 

It Provides for Summary Pantshment to Be
Inflicted in the Police Court In Cases of
Libel -Gen, Ludlow Comes Home To
day Cubans Told Not to Say Good-by.

Special Cable Despatch to THR Sun,

Havana, April 13.—Tha indiscriminate falee-
hoods, eriticiamsa and wild fakes that have ap
peared in the newspapors here have led Gove
ernor General Wood to tneorporate in his
order, continuing the provisional police court,
cliuses extending the powers and jurtadietion
of the court to libel eases, Complaints tn
cases of bel may be lodged with the police
court, which is authorized to issue warrante
for the arrest of the persona accused and to try
them. Thusa speedy and suinmary method
is provided for reaching all libellers, although
the punishment cannot exceed thirty daye’

Imprisonment or $30 fine or both. There ts ne

appeal from the court's decision except to the

Military Governor, The right to prosecute

offenders in the higher Cuban courte is not

affected by the new orler if the injured persom
elects to take that course,

Tho newspapers are bitter against the whole
order. Theirire ia especially aroused by the

tieally under the thumb of an American army
officer ofeomparatively low rank. So long as
the offleer sitting as judge is absolutely withe
out prejudices there is no great danger of Ine
justice being done, but from the Cuban potnt

of view the order Ia extremely obnoxious,

Gen, Ludiow will sail for the United States
to-morrow. Gen. Wood will hold a reception at

| the Palace tn the morning. Pveryhody ofprome

inence in Havana has been invited to attend it
to bid farewell to Gen, Ludlow, La Lucha
threatensto publish the names of all Cubans
who attend the reception, in order, it saya,
that the country may fuow Chose who have not
suMlcient self-respoeet to prevent them fron
extending goo! Wishes to the insulter of their
country.

 

Lee

same price, yet the smoker

_ pays no more forthem than

_ for inferior cigars.

 

    
  

     

perencia

ee re

Pee ee

=e

Se = SS

pea

artnet neti

ee

prow pamaracastapaninamenre-or
a sienna

, 2ST

a

ae
a
—————

a

Soon

     

ss SS

|
|
The fireman and the cook aud two passengers | Legisiature should) pass a constitutional
were drowned All the women and childron | amandment providing for this. It is a mis-
were saved and landed at Santo Domingo city. | take to have costs of this character against the
west winds becoming variable.
For eastern New York. eastern
New Jersey, fair today; Sunday fair and warmer;

iusitamsemeenesccaiasccccceesachciaceaiimec lem edie ccc mem ce cag mmm eect cee ccc aac ices“ eeenenea eeneapecmemednigeaieciacumeetametananiiaams aeteaaeseecmames
1 Zs
\
\
S E ies. ‘~ a! F ry ae were fe " $ r Fs Te a OEE 2 Me
* a '
am |
= = : ———— — wi
4 “ppl oy =
Ge . Sz, tS
J rs
4 S
g ity “2 a
x 2 < Z Oa fe

a i

Peter Ay 1 the box was opened. It contained ¢ ‘ In this eity the day was cloudy and slightly warmer: | ; ’
' Aronson who did business under the > > hale od bills to ‘ ’ ® warmer; ® . i
: vackage Oo! green paper with a few good bills t s+ RUG a wet oe 9 d d
"yeot Peter Aronson & Co,, manufacturers of give it the BP pee reS ee poner. The mon chasers ° wedding presents. at i b ae " : af a ; ri 7 = fting = | Toc. an upwar ‘ At hig 1-Class calers. | ;
Women's waists at 1408 . 100 | anid they bad paid $400 for it at some piace in north to south erage velocity miles an hour: th
for goods « i it oe See ee trooklyn wien they, were nes nae cad Gers Sets range from $110 barometer corrected to read to sea level at & A.M. 4
\ , we * . r , . " y . L ( 4 , 20.7 ° i
Whe he Short? went to Aronson’s place yes: clawed teen” ” ’ to $I 000 and upward 24,84: 3 P. M., 29.78 BE. C. HAZARD & CO. ) Distributers | 4
Witiy to seize hin effects Frank Walker |“! e co a Y The wmperature as recomed by ihe oMeial ther Trade supplied by OENBER ~ for Greater N. Y
4 (tte! aod claimed ownership by virtue of & Prairie’s Guna Wrongly Mounted. mometer, and also by THE SUN'S thermometer at the )/ THE SEIDENBERG CO.) od
J ve so the Sheriff withdrew. UNION S UARE street level, is shown In the annexed table #R 42d Street. | ,
bey Hovis, wholesale dealer in millinery, at The converted cruiser Pratrie was used dur- Q -OMirlain Sun's nOMelain Sune | :
' nade ¢ » esate : on" y wy . ” S r i ! . i
i Henry iD re Vehout vretoren x wr ing the winter in carrying the Government ex- NEW YORK ia ae 1890, vie on 4900 1499, 1900, BENNETT, SLOAN & CO,, 100 Hudson St, N. Y., Distributers for Northern New Jersey, |
Nis hus leen in business chirty yéars hibits to the Paris Exposition. In order to ohn a en sb?) OP Make ge i i
Pernt ao k gain as much foom as fossibie her patjeries SP. M48? 66 49° 12 Mid..40* = 578 y2e i | THE HAVANA-AMERICAN CO., MAKERS. ‘ HM
‘etitions In Bankruptey. were removed, : A y : ‘ o 9 , : tia
ph Heineman of 224 Fast 116th street | dock a few days avo am stake was made in WASHINGTON FORECAST POR TODAY AND FO y —-- = - —_ Ee | refere! 1c1a ;
has i netit bank 7 th Habil- | Mounting her eight t-ineh @ung, They Wore | os MORROW, iz!
ost \ mm in bankrupt: s10 ae i paced on the wrong Wenere. Lo ent then For the Distriet of Columbia, Delaware and \> ry-
LTO and nominal assets 0, ® | discovered uptll yesterday m> e CARPET CLE NSIN lana, fair & day Sunday falr and warmer, witu is “
22> cyeuy o partner. in own 4 fleineman, | Pekan he ee rate witiaot he acoomonehed SUNG. [iy ee Ts is stamped |
lors ih spotgem ae BS m street, prope ’ nin @ : ; S
times bd ' (wat PS oe vat sEfee etrert, oti to-day, The Prairie wil salt jor ee $26 7th Av., Near 2th Se For New England, fair tyday and Sunday: fresh on every cigar to protect H tl
“ery A Carpenter and Lusider, bas Aled a | Orleans toemorrow to vane the we mules Fatb, 159, Tel, 11 2 88th St, i : : Ha
pout hokraptey with llabilities $18. of ee ene ee tale ohn pi ne own a ae — Pennsylvania ané you from substitution. Ke
b ' Ousets Eoawards was involved in, of Capt, - oe ¢ ke Commander William Y y ‘ ; 1
\ rtiovat SS \un’e avenue and | relieved ina few weeks by & ; :
‘ yt, . sec) eo Bwut a by - sc ‘ hoo Jreah went to south winds, ? fa
4 ” : ‘ !
() j ety