=e

Se ne es ee ee

ee

=

    
 

THE N
+
BRCRETARY KOOT'S STATEMENT BE-
FORE WUE SENATE COMMITTER,
Urges the Increase of the Artillery to Take
Caro of the Seacoast Defences -Advant-

ages of Rotation in staff Dutles Defence
of the Promotion by Selection Scheme,

Wasutncton, April 13,—The official report ot
the statements made by Secretary of War loot
before the Military Committee of the Senate in
regard to the Army bill deseribes very fully
the noeds of the army and particularly the
coast artillery of the United States, Secretary
Koot did not make a straight, uninterrupted
statement, put was frequently interrogated by
members of the committes, who seem to have
developed quite an opposition to the Army bill,
and particularly that part of it referring to ro»
tation in office of the staf? oflicers and the se-
lection by the President of one-third of the
promotionsin the grade of Colonel, Lieuteu-
ant-Colone! and Major.

Secretary Root opened his statement by
saying that the bill related to three subjects:
The increase in the artillery for the purpose of
taking care of our coast defences; the relations
between the staff and the line, and the tenure
of office in the staff, using the word “staff” in
its broadest signification, as it is generally used
here in this country; and the method of pro-
motion tn the line of the Regular army.

“Of course.” he continued, “there are many
other respects In which there could be, I
think, improvements in our army organiza-
tion; but these are the main things, and I
think they have no relation whatever to the
size of thearmy. I think the things provided
for ought to be done if ourarmy {sto beonly
27,000 men, and I think they ought to be done
if it 1s to stay, as it is now, at 65,000 men,”

He said that the provisions of the bill
brought the artillery up to about elghteen
thousand men and added:

“There is no use of talking about how big
the army ought to be. Here we have $50,000,-
000 worth of emplacements, forts and com-
plicated machinery, and we must take care of
{t. These 17,000 mean will not be enough to
take care of our seaport fortifientions when
they are completed. It will require @ great
many thousand more to take care of them. I
am in hope woe will be able to supplement
largely the heavy artillery by the loeal service
of National Guard artillery forees; and for that
reason I donot think it wise for us to under
take now to make as great an increase as the
figures would show will ultimately be neces-
gary. Sothat this increase is limited to the
number absolutely necessary and the number
required by the fortifications, as we now have
them. I very much hope that we can secure an
effective force of National Guardemen for the
seacoast artillery, to supplement the Regular
army. Only day before yesterday I authorized
the issue of blueprints of our guns and ma-
ehinery {n our seacoast fortifications on the
Atlantio Coastto the regiment of artillery in
Massachusetts. A National Guard force of
heavy artillery can come in at any time, if they
bave been instructed, and serve the guns with-
out going away from their homes.”

Senator Hawley asked whether the War De-
partment was prepared to take proper care of
all the guns that are now mounted, and Secre-
tary Root replied, “We are not now, sir.”

Quite a discussion followed Becretary Root's
reference to the question of the staff and the
plan for interchangeable line and staff duties.

Senator Proctor asked: “Have there not
been quite numerous cases in tho staff ap-
pointments where the men were either not
speciaily fitted for the duties of that depart-
ment or for some reason have become tuneffl-
clent, and whether the service would not be
greatly improved if there was this tlexible
opportunity to change, and the men could be
sent to some place in the line wherethey would
be of use?”

Becretary Root—This is undoubtedly so.

Senator Proctor wanted to know if this oon-
@ition ha! not been an embarrassment and a
serious one in administration,

Seoretary Root replied that no man could
keep up with the wants of a live army spend-
{ng his time at a desk inan office, He added:
“I do not want to say anything against any-
body orto criticise anybody,’ but was inter-
rupted by Senator Sowell, who said:

“Mr. Secretary, the Senator from Vermont
has been asking rather leading questions,

which you acquiesce in. I would like to know
of any such cases mysel! know all these
gentlemen, They have 9!) come into the staf
after twenty or twenty-five sears of service
and generally for some guliautaction. They
are men who have been kept Lfteen or twent
years, and I do not knowofany in the stat
eonpe to-day that are inefficient or drones.”

“T should be pleased to make out a list for
eee. private information,” said Senator

or,

Seoretary Root continued: “Senator, [ am
ot go ne to make charges here against any-

y. I willmake this broad statement, that
there {a nota man in any sta¥corps in Wash-
that will not be benefited by goin
nto the line and spending a full yearo'
service in the line—not one.”
Continuing, he said; "J bave been trying to
tain what the feeling of the line was re-
fe ing the measures which ought to be taken
for the benefit of t arin. and regarding the
cere system; and itaeéma to me that there
ruaping throughout the lino of the army to-
ay 8 reeling amounting to almoat bitterness;
afeeling of strong dissatisfaction with the
creation of what seems to them to ha asenarata
and privileged class, constituting the statf of
the army here in Washington, ‘Lhe feeling is
that the staff officers conatitute a close corpo-
ration here, with all the luxuries and all the
rivilegee and all the power. It is avery un-
ortunate feeling.”

As to rotation in the staff corps and with par-
tioular references to the requirements that ord-

ance Officers should serve in the artillery.
Benatog Herel and Senator Hawley expressed
lonbt and Secretary Koot answered

“T would putthem back forfour years’ ser-
vice, and, {fthey are the right sort of men,
bring them fn again; but I want, for the bea-
efit of the artillery and the ordnance, to have
the ordnance men go and havea little outlook
over the sea instead of looking intotheirdesks
all their lives. [tisofthe highest importance
gp efficiency that, inatead of the different

ranches of the army sitting and @jaring at
@aoh other, and fndibg fault with eadh other,
and opposing each other, and throwing respon-
aibility off err own shoulders onto aomebo ly
elae’s shoulders, they should work toyether,
and that, as far as possible, the artifiefal and
Ber apent lines of demarcation should be

roken down, and that the members of the
army should have the tde corps of the
arm tastead of having t pritde corps ofa

rtloular section of it, Two-thirds of. the
rouble we have had in the past has come from
the fact that the men in our different depart-
ments are thinking about the difference be-
tween their Gepartmente and the rights of
their departments and the awgressions of
other departments. The Quartermaster and
the Commissary are serapping about who
shall get out a bill of luding, and who
shall call a board of survey to determine
whether a kew of butteris lost. The ordnance
and the artiliery are finding fault with each
other; the ordnance with the artillery, who do
not take eare of the euns, andthe artillery with
the ordnance because they
parta of the guns there, The line andetal?
are grumbling at each other around dinner
tables, instead of laboring each man with all
the others, for the good and efficiency of the
whole service.”

There was criticism of the promotion-hy-
selection scheme. The Seeretary defended tha
Proposition us furnishing a method! of reward.
ine offeers for zeal, industry, gallantry and
efficiency, He said

“Tt ia.all wrong to keep the ambitious, vigor-
ous, efficient fellow down by a hide-bound
File to the same levelasthe chump, the duil,
die, indifferent fellow, who ia just able to keep
in the army and avoi | being turned out on ao
examination. it is entirely reversing the
whole principle on which the greatnesa and
efficiency of the American people has been
built up to say that conspionous eonduet and
real and energy and activity shall never be re-
warded.”

    

do not keepail

 

Senator Bate suggested giving the power
exclusively to che board to make the selection,
instead of leaving“ it to the President, which
plan Mr. Root favored Senator Harris sug
gested that the recognition of merit applying
to one-third of the promotions be reduced to
Oneesixthb, Senator Hawley raised the question
whether the bourds woul! not be composed of

rivals of the men they were passing upon, and
Senator Cockre!! saidthatthe Boar tofColonela
in selecting an officer tor that grade might run
the riak of promoting aman who would be the
next Brigadier-Creneral

Tothis remark Mr, Koot repiled: “If your
Material is rotten, vou cannot build at al”
Headded, “Tt isratherad:Meult thing to get
oMeers to turn down avomrade,"

The Secretary proposed this amendment to
the frat section

“Members of said boards shail be
impartially select oMecrs for
coring to their merits aa shown by thedt
service records, Service records of all ofieers
of the grade [rom wikich the selection is to be
made shall be lutd before the sboards,
names selected by tho boards shall not be
divulged until after the President's action

Sigrooe.
he committee them considered the para-

sworn to

Promotion Av.

 

’
'

A

BEDS OF THE ARMY. |

SSS SSS SSS

 

; wh

The |

thi,

 

the ‘President to place 4
chief of staff who holds a permanent appoint-
ment on the retired list, The Secretary said he
did pot care about the provision tor retirement,
agit was a temporary mnattor, relating only to
the present heads of departments, but he be-

graph empowerin

 

spoke the committee's approval to the clause ,

which limited the term of a chief of staff tu four
years.

The hearing closed with a statement by the
fecretary in favor of the establishment of #
war collego, andthe authority to appoint six
Brigadier-Generals for the purposes of coward,
the commissions not to be Miled when the in-
cumbents shall have been retired, Secretary
Root said:

“It does aeeam to mo that Gen, Chaffee ought
to be nade a Brigadier-Genera! in the Regular
army. think Wheaton ought to be &
Brigadier-Genoral, [think Bates ought to be
a Brigadier-General. They are Brigadier.
Generals of Volunteers and some of them
Major-Generals of Volunteers, and they are to
be sent back and made Colonels, Lieutenant:
Colonels and Majors in the Regular army
think they have earned @ promotion by moat
gallant and meritorious servica and it is a
shame that their country should not recog
nize it.”

Senator Proctor=And Gen, Schwan?

The Secretary of War- Yea. ,

Henator Proctor—You have named Chaffee,
Bates, Wheaton and Schwan ?

The Secretary of War—Underatand, T have
never exchanged a word with the lresident
about these names, and Iam not authorized to
say anything ubout the appointment of indi-
viduals. | mention these gentiemen as gens
tlemen who are entitled to recognition,

a

ROW OVER PENSION BILLS,

Another Ferocious Outburst by Talbert of
South Carolina.

Wasninaton, April 13.—Most of the session
of the House to-day was devoted to the con-
sideration, in Committee of the Whole, of private
pension bills, It was marked by an unusually
ferocious outbreak by Mr. Talbert (Dem., 8. ©.)
against the passage of the bills, He insisted
on the reading of the report upon each bill,
which made progress very slow. After a while
this conduct aroused opposition, and Mr,
Talbert became more urgent and emphatic.
Ile criticised the passing of bills to increase
pensions while claims for original pensions
were being crowded into the background,

Mr. Miers (Dem, Ind.), a member of the Pen-
sions Committee, who had been trying to head
off Talbert, finally cried out in despair, “Por
God's sake, give us a chance!”

Mr. Talbert's continued requests for the
reading of roports speedily raised another
breeze and the committee was in a tumult,
Mr. Talbert appealed for consideration of the
taxpayers, which moved Mr, Sibley (Dem., Pa.)
to give figures to show that Talbert’s ‘mter-
ference with legislation in the past few years
had cost the taxpayers more than all the pen-
aston bills that had been passed. | Applause.)

Mr. Talbert, responding, described Mr
Sibley as the chameleon of polities, coquetting
with silver and gold and making so many
changes that he could not follow. (Laughtor.)

Mr. Norton (Dem., Ohio) made a passionate
appeal to Mr, Talbert to stop his foolish and
ineffective work, and legislate along the lines
of common decency and common sense, He
called attention to the fact that Mr, Talbert
was standing alone, not a single one of his
polities] assoclates supporting him, He dented
that the Committee on Invalid Pensions re-
ported favorably unjust or unworthy bills, or
bills to ipereuse the pensions of milltfonatres
and others jiving in luxury or having enough
to live in gowfort, Mr. Norton said the old
aoldiers had a bard enough time now, and he
asked the gentlemen from South ¢ arolinn not
to aseist Henry Clay Evans fn his adminfstra-
tion of the pension bureau

Fora time Mr. Talbert was quiet and his
place as orltie waa taken by Mr. Loud (Rep.,
Cal, Kegarding a bill to pension at $20 a
month the widow of a captain of Missouri
militia who had not been mustered into
Federal service, although he had served 247
davs, Mr. Loud sald:

“It doas not appear thatthis man who ren-
dared the service ever received & penston.
Neither has the country ever by general law
taken in the manythoneand others, who ren-
dered probably aa meritorious servige as this
man did. Yet youtake up a sympathetic case.
The woman, you say, {a biind, nfortunately
there are many blind people in the world; un-
fortunately there are many people in the world
who are poor; but I say that auy member of
Congress transgresees his oath when by his
vote and action he puta his hand intothe pub-
lio treasury to compensate @ person because he
ia blind and because he Is old.

“Oh, youcan laugh_to scorn my friend from
South Carolina—and I had about mate up my
mind to not enter this fleld again, becnuse it
can on'y break by the weight of ite wickedness,
If you are permitted to paas on sixty or’ ighty
cases per hour, then that fact alone will so
arouse the sentiments of the peopie of this
country that 1 believe you ultimately may be
brought to a realizing sense of the shameful
acts of Congress rushing pension cases through
here as no class of legislation ever was ui-
tempted Why, ifacase comes up hereto pay
fora mule that was stolen or lost during the
late war, the report must be read and cis-
cussed foran hour. Yet you attempt to laugh
to eeurn a man who asks for the reading or the
partial reading of a report upon a case where
you must admit that you have gone beyond
the point of reason,

Later, Mr. Talbert demanded tho reading of
a report, and thua aroused the ire of Mr. Ford-
ney (Rep. Mich.), who said that while Mr.
Valbert loudly claimed to be a friend of the
soldier, nota aingle expresaton from hia lips in
hia Fordney’s) hearing bad borne ont that
claim. Upog that subject he said he would not
belleve Mr. Talbert under oath,

Rushing down the centre isle, Mr. Talbert
shouted that if Fordney meant to impute un-
truthfulness to him he would cram the charge
back down his rotten throat, an expression
that plosaed him so well that he repeated it
despite the vigorous gavelling by the chair-
man

Mr. Fordney retorted that he was a bellover
in the Bible; he believed that all men must be
born again, “And when the time comes for the
gentieman from South Carolina to he born
naeain | hope to God hell be still-born,”
{Great laughter

Tn the intervals and after the conclusion of
the several parliamentary jangles, consider.
able progress was made in the consideration
of bills, and when the committee rose at 5
o'clock, fifty-three had been ordered favorably
reported to the House

‘he firat pensions to widows of officers in
the Spanish War came up to-day in bills, @'v-
ing 825 amonthto Mrs. Agnes Capron, wilow
of Capt. Capron of the Regular Army,who died
from fever contracted in Cuba alter serving

 

 

since T8863, and $30 a month to Mra
Lillian Capron, widow of Capt Cupron
ef the Kough Kiders, who was killed
in Cuba after eight years’ servica in
the army. ‘The Committee on_ Pensions,

hy Measrs, Londenslager of New Jersey and
lrom well of Ohio, explained that the discrimi.
nation was madé because Mra. Agnes Capron
had $4,000 preeeedsa of her husband's life in-
surance policy, while Mrs, Lillian Capron had
nothing. Although it was pointed out that
Mra. Awnes Capron had lost her husband and
son, and had two young boys to train and edu-
cate, the Committees of the Whole sustained
the Committee on Panaions in the exercise of
ita judgment and refused to. make the amount
of her pension the aa:ne as that of her duugh-
ter-In-law,

 

BURTON OF OHIO AGAIN

Gives His Reasons for Opposing the Consid-
eration of the Canal Bill,

Wasutnoron, April 13,—In the House to-day
Mr. Hepburn (Nep., la.) made a third request
for unanimous consent for the consideration of
the Nicaragua Canal Bill, asking that it be
made the special order for Tuesday, May 1,

OBJECTS,

and again Mr. Burton ‘Rep., Obio), chairman
of the Committee on Rivers and Harbora, obs
jected,

After the adjournment of the House Mr,

Burton said that his objection to the considers
ation of the bill was made for these reasons:
“First—It abrogates a treaty solemnly entered
{nto and nowin full force. While its abroga-
tion could be accomplished by the passage of
thie bill, such action is without precedent in
our relations with foreign powers. It is @so
unnecessary, because the same result could be
obtained by the Hay-Pauncefote treaty, a
measure Which, though much misunderstood,
vertheless a triumph of diplomacy,
“socond—It commits us to a fortified canal
instead of a neutral canal, A neutral canal is
not only in accordance with the general tenor
of our own policy, but would best subserve our
own
‘Third--There are also serious objections to
the present consideration of this bill, which
might not exist ata later time, First, it is de.
sirable that the present commission, the first

 

is ne

interests

b tus given cot
consideration to the
tion
its W

preheosive and complece
bject of the construc

in interoceanic caual, should complete
wh before a route is selected; second, in

  

| the same line itis desirab.e that the provisional

treaties be made with the countries control.

; ling each ol the proposed routes, viz., Costa Kica

  

aid Nicaragua onthe one hand and Colombia
onthe other hand, To pass a bili committing
the UCoited States to either of these routes
wou vent us trom obtaiping as favorable
ter’ right Way aud voatrol as could
rea ‘htained th cose the question of the
route shouil be postponed

No loss could result [rom a postponement
until the Bent Spanien. because extended ex-
amination will be required before a dellnite
route can be safgly aad judiciously selected,

oh Wye wal, al

rr =
a

THE

even ifthe general route should be chosen
Some five hundred mep are now at work mak-
ing examination and exploration, This work,

which is absolutely essential before the canal |

is Commenced, will require considerable time,
"There la no desire on the part of those who
fre opposing the present eonal feration of this
bill to oppose the construction of a canal, The
Administration and both political parties are
committed to the early beginning of the work,
But it te desirable that all necessary prelimin-
aries iu the way of examinition of engineering
features, settiement of diplomatic questions
and securing the moat favorable. privileges
should be thoroughly attended to, Tt has been
proposed that an early date in the next session
@ fixed for consideration of the bill, ‘To this
do not believe any objection would be made.”

GEN, OTIS REPORTS CASUALTIES,

Another Soldier Decapitated by the Fill-
pinos—Lieut. Morrow Wounded.

Wasninorton, April 13.--Gen, Otis this inorn-
ing cabled to the War Department a long
casualty list. The report includes the name of
Alexander Cooper, Company C, Thirty-eighth
Infantry, who was decapitated by Filipinos in
Batangas province, Luzon, on March 25, Livut.
Vrank J. Morrow of the Seventeenth Infantry
is reported as seriously wounded in the leg.
The list is as follows:

KilludIn Luzon; Ninth Infantry, March 31,
Mabalacat, Company K, Alonzo L, Johnson,
sergeant; Twelfth Infantry, April 6, Gerona,
CompanyA, August Schultz, artilicer; Twenty-
ninth Volunteer Infantry, Feb. 17, Tawudin,
Company H, John W. Walker; Thirty-eighth
Volunteer Infantry, March Hatangus,

Company C, Alexander Cooper, decapitated
by Filipinos, In Panay: Bighteonth Iniantry,
March 27, ban Jose de Buenavista, Company
bk, Frederick M. Dimler. ;
Wounded=In Luzon: Seventeenth Infantry,
April 7, Camaliue, birst Lieut, Prank J, More
row, leg, serious; Nineteenth Infautry, March
10, Valderrama, Company L, James &, Davies,
abdomen, serious; dwenty-fourth Intantry,
Feb, 28, Bongabon, Company G, Kirk lowlhis,
head, slight; James H, ‘Thomas, ie, slight,
Twenty-Hith Intantry, Feb, 1S, botoion, Comme
pany , Tony Grant, thigh, slight; Willis J.
Johnson, thigh, slight; Twenty-ninch Volon-
teer Infantry, Feb. 17, Tagudin, Company UH,

 

20,

 

James lL. Husketh, head slight, captured,
Fortieth Voiunteer Infantry, Mare 1, dan
Jose, Company L, Ben H. Marshall, leg, sight,
William Lafler, Jr, shoulder, slight; Come
pany ©, Emmet Tomlenson, niusician,
arm, slight; Company Db, Charnes L,
Brooks, corporal, thigh, serious; Charles

H. Huss,abdomen, slight. In Panay: highteenth
Infantry, March 22, Cabugeabug, Company L,
James G. Corning, leg, slight; March 27, San
Jose de buenavisia, Murmupen, Clarence L,
Moessler, both thighs, serious; Nineteenth Tu-
fantry, March 10, Valderrama, Company A,
‘timothy Shea, Corporal, jorehead, sight,
In Cebu; Nineteenth Intantry, feb, 27, Danuo,
Company B. Frank Wysor, Sergeant, abdomen,
serious, In Samar: lorty-third Volunteer lus
fantry, Murch, Mataguino, First Lieut. Joseph
Ty. Sweevey, thigh, slight; Company H, Joseph
K. Jordan, shouider, serious; James HH. Clansy,
hip, sieht; Clinton Mear, wrist, serivus,

GUPERNMENT.

 

PUERTO RICO’s CIVIL

The President and Cabinet Confer Re-
gard to Its Installation,

Wasurnaroyn, April 13,—-The Cabinet con-

ferred tu-day in regard to the installation of

the civil government in Puerto Rico, The pro-
visions of the law enacted by Cougress were
carefully examined and the subject of appoint-
ments to fill the places created was considered

in detall. The policy of the President will be
to disturb the present personues of oficlals Gud
euip.0) ees 1b the Customs service of the Wibbde
Aa iittie as possible, and everything will be
done to introuuce the new form of governinent
with the least friction, The newly appointed
Civil Governor, dlr, Allen, will leave for Puerto
Rico in Ume to take charge of the Givia KOVerL-
menton day 1,

Gov, Allen of Paerto Rico to Have a Fine
Government Yacht at His Disposal.

Wasuinaton, April 13.—When Charles H.
len beoomes Governor of Puervo Kico he will
have at his disposal one of the finest yachts
purchased by the Government during the war

with Spain. Instructions were to-day sent to
the New Xork Navy Yard vo prepare the alay-
flower for sea Within thirty days, aud to have
her report to Gov. Allen at San Juan, ‘The
Mayflower Was owned Ly the late Ogden Vioelet,
acd Was voumht trom tis Widow lor $440,000,
During the War she wae actavery clipioye dd with
Adiniral Sampson's fleet on blockade duty.

Col. Volkmar Ordered Before the Retiring
Board.

WasHineton, April 13,~Orders have been
issued by the Secretary of War directing Col,
Wm. J. Voikwar to appear before a Retiring
Board in Chicago for exatuioution tor retires
ment. Gen. James F, Wade has been appointed
President of the Board, vice Col. Thomas F,
Karr, relieved, Col, Voikmar is in the Adju-
tant-General’s Department, and has bee in
the Army since Jue Li, 1863, when he euisted
@> a sergeant inthe Thirty-third Vennsyivania
Intantry. He was appointed & cadet to the
West Point Academy, July 1, 1804, and was
made Second Lieutenant In the buth Cavauay
in ins, Io Maren, isss, he was trauoslerred
froiu the line of the Aimy to the Adjutant-Gen-
eral's Vepurtment, with the rank of Major,

Lieut, Gillmore Assigned to the Prairie.

   

   
 

  

 

      

 

 

 

 

Wasuinoton, April 13.—Lieutenant-Com- | 40% ty
mander J. C. Gillmore, who returned to Washe | ahie the Stale | caine teetreee | woe
ington recently from the Vhilippioes, where he] 7 : ? eu
Was jor eigbt months @ prisoner in the haudsot ; ro : . the te d
the insurgents, Was to-day assigned lo duly as ; :
executive olfiver of the auxiliary cruiser | 4 ace .
Prairie, When the Prairie returis to the! a
United States trom France she wii be tlited | i ,
service @8 @ practice ship lor naval taiilia horhe ‘ ' n
organizations and will be engaged in that) a 1
Bel Vice GUL the summer and tal. trou r
4 t re i
Army and Navy Orders. ; ; ae
Wasutnavon, April 13.—The following army | *"" 8 \ ett
{
orders were issued to-day:
Lieut, Col Alfred A Woodt y Surgeon | cepts r
General, from Somerville, N. o ety a
Major Joho B. Beliinger, Quart t from duty | | 4 r fort
in the office of the Quartern ub and to | pirto \ past ‘ '
M y Academy 48 Quarermaster aud disbursing | FOr bie ! Home
wr . ! s ' mM ‘ to
Capt. George VW. Van_ Dusen, Seventh Artillers des ‘ papers wou arid hmoud
from San Francisco to Fort Totten and to Join his | counties
battery il t t
Capt. Edward R. Hutchins, Assistant Commissary | } t l \
of Subsistence, United Suytes Volunteers ‘ > been Sooety of Ne
foundad alified to perform the du a _ \ 2
bias been h t y discherged s
Major George F. Sh Surgeon United n
Volunteers, athis owas request has been hor y
discharged ; t pi
Major Jobo IT. Van Orsda Seventh Infant P t 1 Kk tend
Beattie and thence with certain ¢ mpanies of th ‘ ‘ i
enth Infantry to Alas.a “ § t
rig. Gen. James PW ade ¢|¢ ul \ ‘ eA lack
the Army Hething [Board ( }t & f the t
‘Thomas F, Bare Assistant Judge - ie
relieved. fs r ‘ be al
Col. Willam J. Volkmar, Asstsiant Adjutant Gen- low Wi ad 1 r
eral, to Chicago for eXamination for reurement publieatt el ne vert nents re
guiredt r f forthe first |
. ‘ . insertion nt insertior
These naval orders have been issued; Serat i noo for the
Liewt R Spear, to duty on the Constellation Mn Trove ebon of laids Known as
Lieut. C. Davis, from the Scindia and proceed to | *" :
Washington with all spaatch ot riating $ 1,000 t tm
Commander J. 4 vgs. from the prove tl in Brons Par

 

$ Washington
yard to Norfolk yard for duty as Inspector of $
Lance,

Cousmander W. Swift from the New York yard, as
inspector of ordnance, to me and walt
Commander lt. KR. Ingersoll, from Norfolk yard, as
> New York yard as inspector

 

lers

inspector of ordnanee, t
of ordnance,
Lieutenant-Commander McLean, order detaching
from bureau ordnance revoked

Lieut. W. B. Pletcher, from the Wabash to tempo
rary duty with draftof men, then to temporary duty
on Solace for passage to Asiatic stath

Lieut. J. K. Robinson, from the Mart
ous of commission to Pacitic

 

ehead

Ilne duty

wauea
tation for

Cape Cod Canal Bill Reconsidered,

Boston, April 13.—The Senate this afternoon
voted 15to& withS pairs, to r
vote whereby the Cape Cod Can
secure engrossment yesterda
all the Benators on rovord for or it,
The bill previoualy to ve rday had beeu killed
and recousidered by the Senate and cane up
to-day with an explanation thatfurtheram
ments regarding the tssuance of $12,000,000 In
stock and bonds would be made, After some
debate, it was reconsider, and the

   
 
 

voted to
matter was then put over until Tuesday

She Tried to Pass a Bogus Gold Kagie,

Frances Angeloni, a twelve-year-old Italian
girl, Was urrested yesterday on acharge of at-
temy'ag to pass a counterfelt gold eagle on
J. Verstackton, She was taken to the Federal
Suilding, Where she was turned over to the
custoay of the Gerry society pending further
investigation. ‘The girl says she got the cota
froin her father,

sudden Death tn the Syndicate Bullding,

Edward P. Walling, a retired lumber mer-
chant, died suddenly yesterday on the seventh
floor of the Swodfeate Building on Park row
while on his way to visit his brother, James H
Wailing, Who has @p offiee in the building, He
was a Widower and lived at Oo2 Greene avenue,
brooklyn

 

Chicken Bone in His Throat Killed Him,
seven-year-old Max <Aurnstrum of 282
Second street awalowed a piece of chicken

bone atdinneron Thursday, The bone stuck
in his throat and he died yestervay inthe
Presbyterian Hospital after au operation to
remove the obstruction,

*

Vat) aslae

   

ns ———————————EEEE———E———E—EE
ee a
=

  

TALL VASE BRINGS $3,250.

SENSATION OF THE OASTLER
COLLKLCTION SALE,

 

Pikst

 

Crowd Turns Out to Buy Chinese Porces
lains-Bow!l Five Inches High sold for
#400 and a Beaker for #180-Oviform
Hawthorn Jar Goes for $205 Other Sales,

The first sensation of the William Churchill
Oastler art collection sale at the American Art
Galleries came yesterday afternoon, The ate
tendance at the session was larger than on any
previous day, partly because a greater number
of people are interested in Chinese poreeluing,
or feel that they know more about them, appa.
rently, than is the ease with regard to the
lacquers, enamels, ivories and ocuries which
made up the greater part of the earlier days’
offerings. The bidding was pretty well Cise
tributed yesterday and most of the objects sold
were bought by individual admirers of them,
not by dealers, although dealers took some of
the pieces, The freest of the bidding was for
the Liue and whites, and it was in tifls that in-
terest was whetted by a spirited competition
which sent a tall, slender vase, 806 of the cata-
logue, away above what any one had guessed
that it would sell for,

Color, shape and decoration alike had drawn
out admiration of this vase, a K’ang-hsi pro-
duction (1622-1722), It is regal in its dignity
ofform, he blue peneilings under the white
glaze trace a scroll of the lotus conventional-
ized and winding about the whole body of the
Vase, that presents, in the faithful deseription
of the catalogue, “a symunetrical arrangement
of large blossoms which are fully expanded so
asto display in each flower the cup-shaped
fruit studded with seeds, in the midst of a
whorl of petals.” Palm decorations surround
the neck anda teak wood stand raises the vase
far enough from shelf or pedestal to give It
allthe benefit of its proud and graceful form,
The vase is twenty-four inches tall and fs one
of those porcelains that are worth all that one
Chouses to pay for them.

There was nothing unusual in the bidding as
it started, Advances were steady from dif-
ferent directions, Dealers stood ready to take
the vase low, Ollectors had determined
to haveatry atit. Asthe figures mounted to
the thousands every became interested
and ‘ro Was a craning of necks in en-
deavors to watch the bidders, the most pers
Sistent of whom were Mr, Pendleton who
sought to take the vase to Providence, where

some good art productions go, and Mr. B, Alt-
maWot Uiiscity, Mr Altinan got the vase for
$4,250, The advances, by the way, were $50 at
acnall
“Lh know how to play poker when you're in
the game, said Mr. hirby to the successful
bidder,

A little snuff bottle, about three inches tall,
was among the cabinet objects offered early in
the afternoon ‘ustard yeslow giazo,”’ was all
the catalogue said, The beauty of the bottle did

Some (

one

   

 

 

  

 

the rest. It sold for$ Asal! octagonal vase
and wine cup o ik-white glusa of the
Chien-iuug period soid for 300, The interest-
Ing eollectton of decorated bowls soil to ready
bidders at wood prices, although one of cagshell
porcelain more thau four buadred years old
that brought the highest fleure, $5, appeared
to have eseaped the collectors’ attention, Twice

 

Atleast New Yorkers h

paid torit four and
ive times thatsum., Al

 

   

 

  

Another one of
high, of
$luo

Inthe blue and whites a

high, of fine prog
}

the

almost eveshe!!

wh ,avasea foot

thickuess, brought

beaker ten inches
rtions anderqnisite tone of
Ae, decorufed With pine tree r e, deer

   
 
  

and storks, sold tor S1sO , ost oviforcm
hawthorn jar seven ioehes high with prune |
blossoms, the winter flo No White reserve
ona deep Mazarin blue ground rackinad
jee Koang-bsi) sold at plu Other hawthorn 4
Jars went at 3 BLU0 d i \n
OVOld Vase almost equal v0
beaker and of the same 9
An ovoid vase, Ch'ien- i i . 1s
Neh witha diameter of nine ich s brought

 

 
 

 

 

F240, A Kang-lsi ginger jar with itsorginal
cover, the undergiaze blue deeoration depiet-
ing Chinese domestic scenes on a cear white
Paste, went at $175,

® total sales of the day amounted to
$16,335.50, making the proverds oi the auction
80 farzod.ai Some ofthe buyers yesterday
were CU, M. Pratt, A. 8, Heidelbach, Fo B, Piatt,
Thomas B, Clarke, R. E. 4 Dr low
ofthe Poston Maseuin, J. Hd fi yn,
j vp Wrig Warner Van Nordem, Slia MK
Jesup, WOR. Stewart, Ko EL Ha 1 { |
Hudson. The sale will be conciuded to-day

S/GNED BY THE GOFERNOR
The Canal Suvvey Billand the Consump-

tion Hospital Bill Made Laws,
ArBaNnyY, April 18
batch of bills to-day, inelud.ng the annual Ape
Propriation bill and the Annual Supply and
the Suppiemental Supply pills, The other bills
@igned wer

Senator George A
t) establish a

Gov, Roosevelt signed a

Davis's

appropriating $50,000
Slate cor he

lsumptive bospikyl in

 

 

 

48,000 Bequest to Brown University,

Provirpesce, R. L, April 13,
rity receives by the wi'l of the Arthur D.
MeClennan, '73, of Boaton, $8,000 to go toward
000,000 Alumni Endowment Fund. The
ireets that tt the fund is net all raised by
June the estate is to contribute $2,000 more,
Mr. MeClennan was aimember of the Brown
Board of Trustees,

Brown Univer

late

 

 

 

Take it

irink it nll
Bud seep cool,

HIRES
Rootbeer

The favorite temperance
drink, is cooling refresh.
ing aod barailess,
ne fir 25 eenus

{premiume
offered free for labels
CHARLES BE. HIRES Co, r)

Matvern, Pa ;

the spring
suruiner

 

  

 

GARPET CLEANSING

Largest to the World. kerry detail,
THE THOs. J. STEWART Co,
jo years’ exy
1454 Broadway York
ie crre nine Gel sts., Jersey City,
STORAGE WAKEHOT AND) MOVING VANS
! plor wd r eoulor

New

 

     
       

Standard romedy for Gieet,
Gonorrhee and Runnings
IN 48 HOLAS. Cures Kid-
ney and Biadder Troubles,

, py Wb
oth RE Ty? et

Wiof semi-exvwshell
white porcelain, ve hes high with a
diameter of fneches, with the riee-srain
transparency decoration which gives the effect
of lace Work When seen against the light,
brought $400, A soft) paste vase, six and one-
half inches high, with hed decoration |
under an tvory-white vd f F200,

 

} jucident of

 

} rule

1900.

| BUFFALO

   
  

 
   
  

anti n >

‘LITHIA
WATER

A Powerful and the, Only Known Solvent |
and Eliminator of Stone in the —
Bladder. |

Dr. G. H. Pleroe, of Dunbury, Conn., reports the following case:

    

f «Mr. 8, Amertoan, 47 rear old, four
Mouths ago consuited nie. | advised
that bis bladder be explored for for-
elgn body, which I wae sure was pre
fent. On entering the bladder I en-
countercd @ large mass, which, from
the characteristic clich I decided

wea atone, * * BUFFALO

 

© 2° © | preseribed

LIrHiAW. agobletfour
ATER, limesn day, ’

In three days, showtng me the vessel +

he had used during the niplit, he asked

me if the debris wae not dead

stone, Twas amiaed to gee th rntity *

of broek dust, or rather tron rust, (ook:

tng depos! which was present, The mas {

terval kepteoming away, and sometimes

fisint
t 1

 

 

f ‘ barge partieles, After all wero passed, i
My Which took three and one-half months, ry
the largest particles which were ial

> saved weighed two ounces and

r tw yeacven grains, ile is now

This photograph shows the exact size and shape of some ofthe larger apectmens of dis ce? ot LE gt en eae on
Integrated stone discharged by Mr, %,, under the oction of BU¥FALO Lilia Wake culty and found iteulirely free = P f
J
Dr. C. H. Davis, of Meriden, Conn, reports in New England Medical Monthy: ‘

“Mr. R. L. Roya, of this city con-
me about (wo years ago for
stone in the bladder, from which he
On my

BUFFALO

na he was

very much
Interference
After using the water for a short
time, disintegration to a certain ex*
tent took place and large quantitiis of
sione Were passed. Mor several days
im succession he passed as wwiach as
a teaspoonful of the debris, and at
imtervals foraconmsiderable period
he passed large quantities, and,
under the continued use of the Water
there was @ constant passage of Cal- The photocraph herew
cull antil be was eutirely relieved."

vs sulted

had been suffering for years.
suggestion, he com-
menced the use of

LITHIA WATER,

opposed to operative

   
 
 
   
   
   
 
 

PE See

<i

 

TEACHERS SALARY BILL.

GOV, KOOSEVEIT GIVIS 4 TIRARING
AT THE ENLCULIDR CHAMBLEE,
Only One Exciting Ine.dent During the Day

and That Was a Tilt Between Supt, Wax-

 

well and Mr J. od. MIL The Governor
Todicates That He May Sign the Bull.
ALBANY, April 13.--aov. Roosevelt undoubt-

edly will sign Senator George Ao Davis's bill,

     

 

fixing a schedule of salaries forthe New York
j city sel eachers, This aetion ou the part
| of the Governor seemed to be plainiy ind ed

by the questions asked by him whe u hearing

op the measure was io progress before him

to-day, Both sides had ampie opportunity to

be heard. The hearing tasted about three bh

witha toss for luuel, and t nh

Jeriy va that before Mayor Vau Wyck
this measure was before him for considera.
tion. This may have been due tothe Govertor's

remarks at the outset, when he said he would
allow no interruptions of speakers nor
personalities, The omy exoionug
the hear.ng Was the result of the
criticilam by City Superintendent of Schools
William H, Maxweil of some reinarks against
the billand the teachers made by Mra. J. J,
Hill, a Manhattan Borough schoo! prine pal
She denounced the bill and the manner in
which its enuctment was being accom!
#uylug its pussage through the t
been secuied by the teachers tor

any in

duging in

dissaiure tia

was, the surrender of some of ther exis
fiue vialts, and the agreeing the
jouving of the power , the borough
bowrds t Xsuiaries wih the Central beard
and allow.ng the jucorporation in the biloitus
aunua ure tux tu be levied tor the
teachers Hares: alone She thought the
| achers Weve lo receive an inerease in thes
sularics if should be ou their meritea
| Without rexardto the incorporation of other
Provis son the bill,
Later the day, when Supt. Max-
we Wis widressing the Governor ino favor
| of the bill, he lookec lureut Mrs. Biol, who

 

Was sitting on the
chamber and said
My views tn lavorof this bill are the views

of the entire body of teachers in New York
ty, If Mrs, Hill doew not now regret it, I
think she will Very soon regret saytng the

eachers secured this bill irom the Legisiature |

fora price.”
Those who bad not heard Mrs. Hill's states

| ment, but ouly the reference of Supt. Maxwells |

to tt, woul) bave thought that Mrs, Hill had

said that the passage of the bill hud been
secured through bribery, As Supt. Maxwell
concluded his remarks, Mrs. Hill rushed over
to where Gov. Roosevelt was seated behind

the big desk of the chief exeeutive of the
State, and demanded an apology trom Supt.
Bagwell or placing 4 false Construction upon
wr Words.

“Never mind, Mra. Hill,” safd the Governor,
“Wo understand the ‘price’ you reterred to,
Tiere is no need for explanations. 1 think
Supt, Maxwell placed the same construction on
your words that I did.”

“But L ineist upon an explanation and an
apology,” demanded Mrs, Hill, who by this
time had become quite flushed.

Supt, Maxwell was about to speak, when Goy,
fooseveit slapped hia ruler on the desk and
{nalsted that the controversy cease, It did,
and Mere. Hill and Supt. Maxwell resumed
their seats,

Assistant Corporation Counsel Arthur ©,
Butts, representing the New Lork authorities,
was the first speaker in opposition to the bill.

esald;

‘The city of New York is not opposed to the
liberal compensation of its teachers in the
publie sehools, dt does, however, oppose this

bul as an unjust and unjustifiable attempt
to pile up and increase the tax burden, Tho
vity of New York will poy to its schoolteachers

in the year 00 the sum of $10,400,425, This
bill not only raises the salaries of all teachers
in the public schools, which are fixed onvy ata
minimum amount, but it attaches to such saa.
ries of the several classes an equal Angus! in-
crease of not leas than $40a year fora temale
teacher, not_less than $105 a year fora male
teachor and $250 for principals of schoola, There
is absolutely no maximum amount of salary
fixed for any teacner or principal. and except
as to prinetpals, no fixed sum ag the anoual in-

 

 
  

  

 

erement to be added to teachers’ salaries at
whatever maximum rate the same may be
fixed

There are 10,500 teachers in the city
of New York, und under this bill the
taxpayers of the city of New York must pay an
added burden for the year L000) of over

$5,000,000, or a total of increased salaries for
the year of about $1,000,000,

"The eity authorities, as trustecs of all the
taxpayers of New York, are opposed to thia ot.
noxious legisiation, It is @ vital blow at home
It takes away ail power, authority and
diseretion from the Board of Estimate and Ape
portionment in regulation of che expenditures
of the city and the fixing of its rate of taxa-
tion, and undera mandatory provision conipela
said board to ratsé vast sums of money, which
impose unjust public burdens upon every tax.
payer

Mr. Butts thought the salary question should
be lefttuthe solution of the Charter Revision
Commission, 80cn to be appointed by the Guy-
erbor,

President Little of the Ceutral Board and the
Manhattan Borouwh Board said the teachers
were now receiving liberal salaries, and that
this bill, if in operation, would throw the whole
New Lork city school syetem into the couts as
aAroeet of the Heigation that wou'd follos,

   

irk cost

BYFFALO LITHIA WATER
PROPRIETOR, BUFFALO LITHIA SPRINGS, VIRGINIA.

Springs are open for guests from June sth to Oct. ast.
Thev are renchod from all directions over the Danville Division of the Southern PRatlway.

 

otwer side of the baceutive |

wi b.!

 
 
 
   
   
  

rrect representation, Aud exact
lurgre eimens of Cale techarced hy Mr. hoya, A chen.dca 1 raleroscopicat
analy bls showed tht Luey are Uric Acid with a trace of the Oxalate of Lime,

is for sale by Grocers and Drugyists generally. Testimonials
which defy all imputations or questions sent to any address,

eS

 

 

 

| ane school adm ajatratios woul i : also be ' |
thrown Into confusion. @ declure that the bs 4g 2 g y \-
Bill wie Wrong in yriegi eve, f erat tye | A liquid, alone, or a pow
orm. He thought the B lo *ueat | . ’ YE « }
ye shave somoth net ay regard ne tne | Ger, alone, 1s only baif a denti-
salary soled s,andthat if thiat hecame a - :
rd moog ht juet as we | ; stand frice tor some teeth, which
itive Comittee of the yoki yn i p a
bevel Ww Hore FE Dresser. | require both forms. These
by there |
to th sting tax budget for | nena :
the your | Cet Feit Rhich would | BOZOAOME supplies, Be
the le on, de annual (nerements at the ten, .
fifteen and sixtes mrleted years torfemme | gure to obtain the two, when
andtenand twelve year yy omale teachers, |
This was! » eat ln rbew ae | : ~“— . : se 4 a
THis Wasa low estimate and ant tc he wrong. | necessary, The Liquid is a de-

   

would ‘
Mra J.J Ht, primero
sehon'!, said the tea

antiseptic wash; the

tan hiwl | lightful

 

a fine abrasive.

¢| Powder ts
NEW S!73

 

   

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 
  

 

 

           

   

at os tweed “- : : *

sary .' hers | of the Liquid, without the Powut, .
being unt rises be ehsa NY: Diguid 1 Powder together, 7500
the A rhs bedi | teves or fs meil for the price.

s ! t t '

t} ' e ! r aK,
the incroase il this eu Ver last |
under the Day wo 3 more than |

2 UG, Tite t ‘ v the} 1
of Fdueut
Hho t
$12,028
Davia silary eels snp ti uremte I) tt Londe@
areneeded, and the tual net result the SR - 00  D
salarios paid under the Dav teil mpured | r= 3
with & a8 \ nl Bs ‘ 7 ; UR O OHE LR DR IRRAAAT EARN OETt
Ahearn law t wou nly aes ih bed ASD hat
erg ae bee iit ee et MARKERS
menisus wn : nilobare : aoe et 3 20
Ines notwiths'anding : ; ara PAlR

‘ ‘ ou ‘ en, that it the ° y* % >
Rosrd ot betimare Nut a h . PM. SaAm
Board nt batinate but grnute! ye | ue LOAN
but re tt been heed tor 4 5 i'r ites t row! of the hair and

, " : ’ lustie al Nkincessof youth

x ¢

Vis t ' ‘ @ When t} is gray or fac. a It
5 it cr (2 PACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR,
in | : $ | ruts druff and hair failing
nu | ¢ ps (ueseaip clean and healthy,
Irom the . t Lee WON Oe AURORE ORR ERRRRRT TOO
parti t is justifled, ‘hat ee ae ee nee a er ee
and held) up pavrolis ihe Biaat ' CLAIMS 810000 FROM THE STATR
len mid oh hip t a
sit ath f Wats Ms In every ins ‘he boomer Inmate of bimira Reformatorg
Oo eellouws 0 : val , 4 t .
j Fash found to be futile. wad sm Veants Damages for Injuries.
hyve r reaulte! in hanging he amount ALPANY, At L.A in was filed against
of mor to be paid } f re with ¢ ‘)

Mr. ah feu} Pee ! ie osneht nia ne the State with he Court of Clainis to-day by
he mad fore the beuat ties Comar , |) John PO Woodruff of the borough of Queens
en ch ennsed h ‘ n treat ommend | for $10,000 for permanent bodi'y injnries, ale

j the pasasy » Diy rs

i Veto, Toecay be pad part ar attention to | eed oe have been received by claiinant fa
the incre Viney provisions th ii, | November, 1805, while he was an inmate of
and appeared to eonvinee the Ge nor that | the } ra KReformatory. The papers recite
the« ts would not eonstrne the in thi8 | nat Woodruff nf '
reat ! y Van W i w act a : oodrul’ was sentence! o Elmira from
board, deus that th ents would y New York city In January, 1802, on convietion
eud atthe enlolaten or + een yorrter f for burglary, seeond degre, and that
hervi far the mat ry provisions of | pe rved about Q , '
the law are cuncurnod @ gery ibou Qve years in 1 rnatle

Gov, Rooseve:t then asked If the teachers ane } tut! At the time he was injured he was at
cepted (his construct! f »inere nt 5 work in the hardware depariment aning
Vision, and the respons rent } neoftthe mills, when the mill was enly
ves of th e te chers wer ynd em started upand ha was thrown over it, breaks
pha cant In the aflirma ing bothbones of the right lew at the ank!a,

(iov, oo-avewt saat f the! He was in the hospital afterward for twa
Board of Estimate and toin hot | meonthe, and when he recovered his ies was
providing s vient mon the sale | twisted by reason of the fracture so thatthe
Dees iar ited by th Wounfor- | foot turns inward and causes him wreat suTere
tunatery rendered suppl t wisiation | ing Hesays that the mill waa started through
necessary. Hedid ot indicate what action) the negigence of State employees, The Legise
he would. take uponthe bell, but thanked ¢1 lature last year passed a bill authoring 'ha
present for the quietude ol the bearing aud | Court_of Claims to determine what dam iges, if

then bade them adieu personal y, any, W lr

el

uf was entitled to,

 

ey Wye

 

 

ae

THe
HOFFMAN MOovse
DOVQUET CIGAR,

DON’T FORGET

to ask for the

HOFFMAN HOUSE BOUQUET CIGAR

if you want the choicest and most luxurious
smoke.

THE HILSON COMPANY, MAKERS, New York,

BACCO CL DSTRBUTERS. J

SARS A SL a IER a orl AUT at i tae i i Altes =o Ne Que laa
. ¥ ’

wel mn

oe is etait at. nds