ly
The sare Sun,
ie aL 1 1.

SATURDAY,

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid,

DAILY, per Month
DAILY, per Year
SUNDAY, per Year “ s*
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month
Postage to foreign countries added
THE SUN New York City.

PARIS—Klosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Klosque No, 10, Boulevard des Capucines

Ifour friends who favor us with manuscripts for
rublication wish to hace rejected articles returned, they
must in all cases send stamps for that purpose.

New York at Kansas City.

If there has been any concerted attempt
by the gold Democrats of New York to
organize a movement to defeat the renomi-
nation of BryaN, through the Democratic
delegation to the National Convention on
the Fourth of July, it has manifestly been
abandoned. It is true that Democratic
State Conventions of New York have dodged
tho silver issue since 1806, but in none has
anybody dared to make so much as the
feeblest attempt to oppose the Chicago
platform, and the nominations made have
been only of Democrats who were ‘‘regu-
lar” in 1896,

It is not improbable, but is altogether
probable that such a policy of silence will
be adopted again by the Democratic con-
vention this year, but that will be all. The
suggestion that the convention might be
organized in opposition to BRYAN came
only from those who know nothing of the
spirit of the Democracy of this State.

When the roll call of States is made in
the National Democratic Convention on
the nomination of a candidate for Presi-
dent, New York will be found voting for
WriiitamM JENNINGS BRYAN amid the ap-
plause of the crowded assemblage at
Kangas City.

The Double Turret and the Eight-
Inch Gun,

One of the two interesting features of the
last meeting of the Naval Board on Con-
struction was that the &-Inch guns, dis-
carded in two of the three claases of battle-
ships provided for since the building of the
Kearsarge and Kentucky, were brought
back by unanimous vote, The theory has
prevailed that, with the 12-inch guns to
smash through anything, even turrets, and
the 6-inch guns firing rapidly and with
strength enough to penetrate all armor
shielding the crew that mans the enemy's
broadside, the intermediate type of 8-inch
guns is not worth its weight. This theory
is put aside in favor of having all three
calibres again in one vessel,

As to the merits of the superposed tur-
rets, which were disapproved at this same
meeting, there can be no question, They
can be rejected only on the argument that
their demerits are heavier, But the argu-
ment which would be good against the
double turrets in case but four 8-inch guns
were desired, might lose its force greatly
when guns of this calibre were to be in-
creased to eight, as the Board determined,

A plan Worthy of careful consideration
will be to place two of the pairs of
&-inch guns in turrets superposed on the
great-gun turrets, forward and aft, and
two amidships on either elde, after tho
arrangement of the Brooklyn. This would
give six S-inch guns on one broadside,
leaving a pair to engage an enemy on the
other side; and surely an extra pair or two
of 6-inch guns would find room in the
central fortress from which two of the
8-inch turrets had heen taken out.

A ship armed in this manner would whip
anything afloat. She would also whip toa
eortainty the ship designed by the Board
on Thursday and account for herself better
generally when knocking about the world.

The Mystery of Richardsonilan Copy-
right.

We acknowledge the receipt of a large
number of letters thanking THE Sun for
clearing up the mystery of the ‘Committee
on Distribution” and its business. The
operations of RICHARDSON, SPOFFORD and
the great BARCUS in Government literature
had puzzled many of our readers, But
while we are obliged for these expressions
of gratitude, we are quite consclous that
they are partly undeserved. Muoh yet
remains that is as mysterious to us as to
any of our friends.

For example, there is the baid claim of
private copyright, In the name of JaMgEs D.
RICHARDSON, that sprawis over the entire
contents of the last seven of the Govern.
ment Printing Office's ten volumes of ‘' Mes-
sages and Papers of the Presidents,”

When the Hon. James D. RICHARDSON
was imploring the Fifty-fifth Congress, on
May 11, 1497, to make him a present of a
duplicate set of the electrotype plates of
this Government publication, he was
sharply questioned about copyright, and
the possibility of his setting up a claim to
literary and commercial proprietorship in
these papers of public record. His answer
was brief, but it seemed conclusive at the
time. It will be found on page 1082 of the
Record, first session, Fifty-ffth Congress:

“You cannot copyright a Government publication,
The law is explicit.”

Yet the very next volume of “ Messages
and Papers” that was issued from the Gov-
ernment Printing Office after the gift of
the duplicate plates to the compiler, and
likewise all the sneceeding volumes of the
series, down to and ineluding the tenth
and Jast, bore this legend:

“Copyright, 1897, by JAMrs D RICHARDSON.”

We are not referring now to the pri-
vate edition subsequently put on the
market by RicHarpson in partnership with
the scholarly Sporrokp and the enter-
prising Barcus, We mean positively that
within a few days after the Hon. James D.
RicHarpson had informed Congress that
the law prohibited the copyrighting of any
Government publication, he began tostamp
his alleged copyright upon the books which
the Government itself waa publishing. That
is to say, he spread a blanket copyright, or
an assertion of copyright, over the collected
wisdom of the Presidents whose messages
and papers he had volunteered to compile
for the public benefit.

The effect of this astonishing proceeding,
on the fave of it, was to set up a personal
claim to commercial proprietorship in the
public records he had been allowed to handle
in his capacity of member of the House
Committee on Printing. Thus the messages
and papers of the Presidents from the elder
Harrison down to McCKINLey Lear collec-
tively the copyright of James D. Ricnarp-
SON. It is precisely as ifthe ingenious and
bclf-seeking statesman from Tennessee had
pul his tagy of pretended literary owner-

a
WW Hil

ship upon each separate utterance of the |

Presidents; thus, for instance:

(Copyright, 1497, by JAMES D, RICHARDSON.)

Tt was the remark of a Roman Consul in an early
period of that celebrated Republic that a most striking
contrast was observable in the conduct of candidates
for offices of power and trust before and after obtain-
ing them.~ WILLIAM HPNRY HARRISON, March 4,
1441,"

(Copyright, 1497, by JAMES 1D. RICHARDSON. |

“I know that the Union Is atronger a thousand
times than all the wild and chimerical schemes 6f
social change which are generated one after another
in the unstable minds of visionary sopbists and
Interested agitators. FRANKLIN PIERCE, Dee. 31,
1455."

(Copyright, 1497, by JAM¥S D. RICHARDSON.)

“ I feel proudly conscious that there Is no public act
of my life which will not bear the strictest scrutiny. I
defy investigation. Nothing but the basest perjury
ean sully my Good name. I do not fear even this, be
cause I cherish an pumble confidence that the gra-
cous Being who has hitherto defended and protected
me against the shafts of malice and falsehood will
not desert me now when I have become old and gray
headed. —JAMPS BUCHANAN, March 28, 1860,"

(Copyright, 1807, by JAMES D RICHARDSON.)

“With malice toward none, with charity to all,
with firmnessin the right as GoD gives us to see the
right, let us strive to finish the work we are In.—
ABRAHAM LINCOLN, March 4, 1665."

(Copyright, 1407, by JAMES D. RICHARDSON.)

“IT know no method to secure the repeal of bad or
obnoxious laws 80 effective as their stringent en-
forcement, -LYSSES S. GRANT, March 4, 1669."

(Copyright, 1897, by JAMS D, RICHARDSON.)

“We stand to-day upon an eminence which over-
looks a hundred years of national Iife~a century
crowded with perils but crowned with the triumphs of
Mberty and law.—JAMES A, GARFIELD, March 4,
1881."

(Copyright, 1407, by James D, RICHARDSON.)
“It is a condition which confronts us, nota theory. —
GROVPR CLEVELAND, Dec, 6, 1887."

(Copyright, 1897, by JAMES D, RICHARDSON.)

“Task the Congress to authorize and empower the
President to take measures to seoure a full and final
termination of the hostilities between the Government
of Spain and the people of Cuba, and to secure In the
island the establishment of @ stable government,
capable of maintaining order and observing its inter-
national obligations, Insuring peace and tranquillity
and the security of {ts citizens as well as our
own, and to use the military and naval power of the
United States as may be necessary for these pur-
poses. WILLIAM MCKINLEY, April 11, 1808."

The law to which Mr, RICHARDSON re-
ferred when he announced on May 11, 1897,
that he could not possibly copyright a
Government publication, is contained in
Section 53 of the Public Printing act of
Jan, 12, 1895:

“The Public Printer shall sell, under such regula-
tions as the Joint Committee on Printing may pre-
scribe, to any person or persons who may apply.
additional or duplicate stereotype or electrotype
plates from which any Government publication ts
printed, at @ price not to exceed the cost of composi-
tion, the metal and making to the Government, and
ten per centum added

“Provided, That the full amount of the price shall
be paid when tne order Is filed

“And provided further, That no publication re-
printed from such stereotype or electrotype plates,
and no other Goternment pubsieation, shall be copy-
righted,"

Now, although this law was not enacted
until after Mr. RicHaRDs0N had procured
the passage of the resolution giving him
authority to prepare “ House Miscellaneous
Document No, 210,” it had been intro-
duced, debated and reduced to its final
form, as above, about one year before the
conception of the great Richardsonian en-
terprise of compilation. Mr. RicHaARDSON
was familiar with that law, for he was the
author of it.

On Sept. 13, 1893, Mr. RICHARDSON ex-
plained to the House the provision allow.
ing the Public Printer to sell duplicate
plates. This section at that time did not
contain the precautionary provision
against copyrighting any Government
publication, Mr. RICHARDSON said:

“Mr. Chatrman, thatis a new section, The
Government gets the cost of the plates, and if a publl-
@ation is valuable this provision simply enables the
public to Geb the benefit of it cheaply. The Govern-
ment has no copyright on these books, and {f the
Nterature ts valuable it ought to be disseminated as
cheaply as possible among the people.”’

At that time he could have had no pre-
vision of Barcus and the ‘Committee on
Distribution,” and its agents, selling ‘‘ Mes-
sages and Papers” under false pretences at
#84aset. For although Mr. RicHarpson’s
bill as originally drafted said nothing to
prohibit the copyrighting of Government
publications by the purchasers of duplicate
plates, he was positive in his declarations
that no power to copyright existed, even in
the absence of the explicit prohibition
which was added at Mr, DINGueEy's in-
stance:

“Mr, DINGLEY—I offer an amendment to the
section as originally reported: ‘And provided
further, That no publication reprinted from such
stereotype or electrotype plates shall be copy-
righted.’

“Mr RICHARDSON ~I think the amendment of
the gentleman from Maine 1s in order, and {6 in the
right line. J do not believe Government pubdlications
can be copyrighted by any one.”’

And again:

“Mr. RICHARDSON—TIf the publication is valn
able, and the information contained is useful to the
people, why not let the people have it? Who is tobe
burt by it? J would not be in favor of making it a
monopoly, of of selling ét to one person, or allowing him
to copyright it and put his own price on it.”

Even after these declarations from the
Chairman of the House Committee on
Printing, Mr. Drvovey, himself an old
printer and publisher, persisted in safe-
guarding the privilege still further against
abuse by the monopoly of copyright:

“Mr. DINGLEY—I want to suggest to the chairman
of the committee (Mr, RICHARDSON) the propriety
of broadening the amendment which I have offered
by inserting the words ‘and no other Government
publication,’ so asto cover the whole field of these
publications, not merely such as are reprinted I
make that suggestion to the gentleman from Tennes-
see who bas charge of this bill, and I ask bim whether
he sees any objection to broadening the amendment
in that way.

‘'Mr, RICHARDSON—I think that is right. J do
not think any Gorernment publication can be copy-
righted, and I do not think any has."

Is it a wonder, then, that the alleged
copyright which the Hon. Jamme D. Rica-
ARDSON has plastered all over the impor-
tant Government publication which was
entrusted to him at his own request is
puzzling to any mind that wants to con-
tinue to regard the Hon. JamEs D. Ricu-
ARDSON as both an Intelligent lawyer and
an honorable man?

Names to Conjure With,

The Democrats of Pennsylvania, whose
position as the minority party of that State
is invincible either by flank or by front at-
tack, putin nomination at the Harrisburg
convention last week candidates for State
offices. They have selected nominees whose
names may well serve as rallying points
for all students of nomenclature,

For the important office of Auditor at the
head of the State ticket to be voted for in
Pennsylvania in November, P. Gray Merk
of Bellefonte is the chosen standard bearer,
At the head of the Congress ticket for mem-
bership in the Fifty-seventh House, stands
Harry F. Grim, otherwise called “the boy
orator of Bucks.”

The Presidential Electors include ANDREW
CauL of Elk, Orro GERMER of Erie, F,
SHUNK Brown of Philadelphia, at large,
and Jonny T, Bew, Wesitty Gurrey and

wal, a ene, my
PB lg ey Baal

ALBRECHT KNEULE. Among the delegates
to Kansas City are Lemon Love, FRANK
Tams, G. R. J. SraGmaigEn, besides Messrs.
SPYKER, Bank, SyNeTT, PontTz and ERMEN-
TROUT.

A rally for" P. Gray Mirek and victory,
or astirring appeal for ‘‘the law, the Con-
stitution, liberty and Harry E.
would stir into wondrous activity

the dor-

mant and perhaps drooping spirits of the | passing between there and the southwest cor-

often-defeated Democrats of Pennsyl-
vania, The partisans of Merk and
Guim, an odd juxtaposition of names

for a party ticket, are for freedom of

speech, free silver, freedom of conscience, |

the election of United States Senators by
popular vote, trial by jury and an income
tax; they are dead against any surrender of
territory in Alaska, and against subject-
people and colonial dependencies; and to
Trusts their attitude and purpose is that
of “eternal opposition.” But their trust in
Bryan is complete. His patriotic, wise and
statesmanlike acts and utterances upon all
public questions have stamped him, they
say, “as aman of the people to whom the
great heart of the Democracy and common
people of our country look for redemption”
from spoilsmen, imperialists and all manner
of Trusts.

A diverting, ff fruitless, warfare upon
their enemies is what, under the leadership
of MEEK and Gri, with GuFFEY at the
throttle and Parrison carrying the sponge,
the Democrats of Pennsylvania propose to
wage from this time on. They will hew to
this line, let the chips fall as they may.

First Automobile Race.

The fifteen motor vehicles which to-day
will go to the “post” near Springfield, L. 1,
will constitute the starters in tho first
formal automobile race ever held in this
country. A straightaway course will be
taken over the Merrick road to Babylon
and return, a distance of fifty miles,

The contest has been arranged by the
Automobile Club of America, and interest
has been manifested in it as though this trial
of machinery were a genuine sporting event.
Since the route for the race was definitely
selected hundreds of inquiries have been
made daily as to how the starting point
might be reached by spectators.

Entries for the contest have been re
stricted to machines owned and driven by
members of the club, and only vehicles with
four wheels will be permitted to compete,
The affair will be conducted under the rules
and regulations of the Automobile Club of
France, and to the winner will be awarded
asilver cup, which has been offered by M,
Leon BLANCHET, one of the founders of that
organization.

Strangely enough, only one electrical
carriage has been entered, the others
being operated by gasolene motors and
steam engines. Naturally, therefore, a good
deal of curiosity is shown concerning the
respective merits of these different means
of propulsion. Of course the result
the race, as regards the first machines to
brenst the home tape, will depend, to some
extent, upon the skfll with which the road-
sters are handled.
thirty seconds apart at the outset there
ought to be adequate opportunity for a dis-

play of expert engineering on the part of |

the chauffeurs, and for a glorious “grand
stand finish.”

When the unique procession starts, at 10
o'clock this morning, small boys and less
speedy conveyances had better keep to one
side.

The Siege in Chicago.

There are now some men besieged ina
building in Chicago who, if they should go
into the street without policemen to pro-
tect them, or if their besiegers should suc-
ceed in breaking into their building, would
be likely to lose their lives. The cause
of their danger is that they are at work,
gaining an honest living.

They are carpenters and plumbers and

men of other trades; and carpenters and |
But |

plumbers lie in wait for them outside.
there {sa marked distinction between the
besieged and besiegers none the less.

The men at work areindependent citizens
who do not belong to a union, Those
outatde, who would cripple or kill the
objects of their enmity if they could, in
deflance of the law of the State, and of the
rule that each man may enjoy his own,

provided he doesn’t interfere with his |

neighbor, are union men, The workers are
threatened because they won't quit at
union dictation,

Labor organizations

habitually make

great show of resentment at accusations of | tical men in Talbot county, fishes on the Chops

lawlessness, but nowhere in the country
to-day does organized labor raise its voice
to condemn the crimes being committed in
{ts name in Chicago.

All nations of the world, regardless of
race, cor of condition of international alli-
ance, wish well to France as she opens her Ex-
position to-day.

According to a Washington despatch In
the Boston Herald, “the problem of a campaign
fund ja still worrying the Democrats.” They
mourn the loss of the Hon. Joz Siprey. They
look with grief upon the vanishing form of the
Hon. Tom Jonnson. They are doubtful about
the readiness of the Hon. Jonn Rout McLean
to indulge in costly amnsement again. In
Col. Most Wetmore of Bt. Louis they see at
once a generous plutocrat and the deadliest
foe of Trusts. When Col. Bryan asked Moses
to awake, he meant Col. Mose WetMong.

The Hon. CHARLES ARGENTUM Towne, |

chairman of the Silver Republican National
Committee, says that Trusts and imperialism
are the great questions. (ol, BRYAN says that
the great questions are these: Silver, Trusta
and imperialism. A concordance of Fusion {a
greatly needed,

Cart Browne, the eccentric son-in-low of

the recentric COXRY, has announced that he will take |

the stump for DEWFY.~ Columbus Dispatch
That Is the most unkindest cut of all,

The souls of the Hon. Bata Hovse Jonw
and of the Hon, Hinky D1nx swell with pride.
The Hon, CanTER HARRISON proposes that the
referendnm be Introduced Into Chicago. Ne-
braska and the Populista cannot keep this great
invention to themselves, And it will make

Cook county happier than many Kings,
TE RSS

Recipes for Corn Bread,

To THE EDITOR or THE SUN~Sir: Here are two

recipes for corn bread. either of whitch will be found |

excellent. The fine ground white meal, suchas we
get here. should be used, or that ground in the wind
mills on the island of Rhode Island

Corn Bread No, 1—Two break fast cups of coon meal,
2 e@@s; *@ teaspoon salt, 1 cup milk; | cup water;
1 tablespoon lard; 1 tablespoon molasses; 2 tea
spoons baking powder. Mix and bake half hour

Corn Bread No. 2--One cup corn meal; 1 cup flour;
2 tablespoons sugar; J tablespoon melted butter:
2eges; 144 cups milk, 2 teaspoons baking powder,
¥g teaspoon salt. Bake half hour Mrs. .

WASHINGTON, April 12.

Up to Date,

To THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir; How {s this
for a rendition of two Hnes of the ‘Village Black-
amith.”” as given by a little girl of 9 yegrs

“The children comtug home from ‘school
“‘Hubtered’ in at the open door. '
LS

Grim,” |

| tween Boshof and Smaldeel

of |

As the vehicles will be |

 

| fishhawks robbing his nets of early roe

} Cullom

1N SOUTH AFRICA,

The most important news from the seat of
war is the arrival of Gen, Chermatde’s division

{ at Reddersburg, and the despatch of troops

announced by Lord Roberta to the asaistance
of Major Dalgetty and his small force sur-
rounded near Wepener, ‘The detachment of a
whole division to Reddersburg indicates the
intention to block the return north of the com-
mandos operating to the south by the roads

ner of Basutoland, which is fifty miles due east

' of Reddersburg. A strong chain of posts strung

across that interval with Gen, French

| and his cavalry and mounted infantry ready

to strike from some central point, and the
position of the Boers to the south becomes
hazardous in the extreme. They would then
have only one line of escape open, that across
the railway to the west and the roads north
between Bloemfontein and Jacobsdaal, but
even that may fail, should Gen, Methuen suc-
ceod in establishing himself in strength be-
and connecting
his posts with the British advance at Brand-
fort. Gen Kitchener at last accounts was
south of the Orange River taking measures to
guard against a raid into the Cape Colony,
where political conditions are in a very dis-
turbed state,

Thestrictnessof the censorship in allowing
nothing tocome from tha british side shows
that movements of importance are in progress
and the absence of anything from Pretoria can
be explained by the fact that messages from
there have to pass over the Dritish cables.

Gen, Chermside, who has superseded Gen,
Gatacre in the command of the Third Division
of Lord Roberts's army, ia one of the youngest
commanders in the British service. and isa
man of marked ability and decision of char-
acter, His last important post was the com-
mand of the British contingent in Crete at the
time of the troubles in that island, It was his
handling of his brigade in the mareh from
Paardeberg to Bloomfontein and in the Karee
Siding affair that recommended him to Lord
Roberts for the higher piace he now hoids,

FLOURISHING CONGO TRADE,
Great Prosperity Ushered In by the Era of
Rallroada,

No one supposed that the railroad between
Matadi and Stanley Pool, completed nearly two
years ago, would have so immediate and great
an effect in stimulating the commerce of that re-
gion. Last year about 700,000 pounds of ivory,
collected by steamers on the Upper Congo, were
brought down on the railroad and sent to the

Antwerp market

But the growht of the ivory business is far
surpassed by that of rubber collecting. The rub-
ber may now be gathered at much greater profit
since it no longer has to bear the heavy charge
of transportation for 225 miles on the shoulders
of porters. Large parties of rubber gatherers
ere kept in the forests and ascend the tributaries
for many miles from the main river” The result
last year was an enormous increase inthe quanity
of rubber secured and this fact, with the simul-
taneous advance in prices, gave to the industry
extraordinary importance

In 1887 the amount of rubbercollected in the
Congo basin was thirty tons, valued at $23,000
In 1409 the rubber collected in the Congo forest
amounted to 3,400 tons, the export value of which
was $9,900,000

‘These are only two items of the trade carried
by the new railroad, whichis doing a fine business
and is paying dividends regularly to the stock hold
ers who deserve this good fortune, for they risked
their money in an enterprise which some of the
leading Kelgian newspapers said would be a dead
failure, f ;

The new railroad is also helping rapidly to
develop navigation on the Upper Congo and its
brilliant success is stimulating other railroad
enterprises, North of the Congo, in French ter-
ritory, is the large region of Mayumba, and a rail-
road is now building from Boma on the Congo
into this French district, which is said to be rich
in ivery and rubber and well adapted for large
plantations, but because it has not been easily
accessible it has remained undeveloped and in-
habited only by savage tribes, ‘The road is to be
about one hundred and thirty miles long, and the
first thirty miles from Boma are now completed.

ARBOR DAY PROCLAMATION,
Gov. Roosevelt Urges the Observance of
May 4 by the Planting of Trees.

Aupany, April 13.—Gov, Roosevelt to-day
jasued an Arbor Day proclamation, In it the

; Governor says:

“The 4th of May will be Arbor Day, estab-
lished by statute, The school children of this
State have planted more than two hundred
thousand trees within the ten years in which
Arbor Day has been recognized, Few similar
efforts in recent years have been more thor-
oughly commendable than the effort to get

our people practically to show their appre-
ciation of the beauty and = usefulness of
wees. The steady tendency toward the
isproportionate growth of cities = ren-
ders it all the more necessary to foster the
things of the sountry: Thoughful people are
realizing more and more the immense im-
portance of foreste tothe wholecommunity,anud
Ithough foreat growth confers a special bene-
fr which could not be conferred by the growth
of the same number of trees isolated one from
the other, yet the benefits conferred likewise
by the latter are in thelr own way almost as
great. In most of the districta of the State no
tree ought ever to be cut down unless two are
lanted in ita place. The custom of tree plant-
ng should be favored in every way.”

The Fisherman and the Fishhawks.

From the Baltimore Sun,

Easton, Md., Apri! 12.—Henry Seymour, a
veteran fisherman and one of the most prac-
tank Kiver and was bothered this spring by
er-
ring. He waa losing at least adoliaraday by
the depredations of these birds, His practical
sense came to hia aid and he trapped the
hawksin 4 very ingenious manner, ie had
stakes driven down about the nets, and shaped
out from shingles wooden decoy fishes, which
he fastened to the ends of the stakes with

' barbed steel spears, so that the imitation fish

showed just under the water. The fisherman
watched the artiul ishhawks until four, diving
from aloft for the wooden fish. were pierced
through and killed by the barbed spear.

Cures by Christian Science,

To THE EDITOR OF THE SUN~—Sir: I see by
Tus SUN of a recent date that Willlam A
Purrington, Esq,, delivered an address in your etty,
{fn which he made the remark, among others, that

| Christian Selentists were not able or did not furnish
| any proof of any cases of se called organic diseases
) they had cured,

Wf Mr. Purrington ts still looking
for facts I will gladly help him by giving him the
names and addresses of persons who have been cured

by Christian Sclence of cancer, consumption,
neuromas, tumors (sarcomatous and tuberculated
Taman old physielan of over twenty years’ practice,
and feel that | know a cancer from & boll, and am
able to distinguish the difference between a case cf
consumption and a case of hysterta

I myself was cured by Christian Selence after suf-
fering for twenty two years and undergoing seven
surgical operations, and at last being Given up by the
best surgeons in New York, In this city is a gentle-
man, prominentin Insurance etreles, who had a can
cer on his face, and who was operated on at the

| Roosevelt Hospital, and whose case was said to be in

curable, and he received Christlan Selence treatment,
and (snow perfectly well, in fact, therets notevona
scaron his tace to show where the cancer was A
gentioman in a nearby fown fell, striking his head on
astump In such away asto tnjure a nerve centre
For years he suffered the most terrible pains tn his
face nnd head. He had the best medical and surg cal
treatments, but nothing that medical actence could do
helped him = He recetved Christian Sctence treatment
and in afew weeks wascured, and has never hada
return of the pain T could fill one whole page of
your valuable paner with cases I have personally
known to be cured through Christian Science
C, A. Q NORTON
HARTFORD, Conn., April 11

Home Report on Crane's David Harum,

To THE Enrrork or THE Sir Mr
Crane has made an almost complete conquest as
David Harum in Rochester book
will be able consistently to deny that he has repro

duced that character as revealed tu the book. He has
taken on that unfailing watehfulness, that subtle, tn
ve knowledge of character which Dasid turns to
good account tn the book. And the way he
ebuckles and rubs his hands when he downs the

SUN

No reader of the

stinet
such

|} Deacon and Zeke Swinney is veritably good to see,

the tahes on John and Mary by
handing over the di-charged mortgage to Widow
the lusury of bis delight in doing that
splendid kindness eould not be surpassed
ROCHESTER, April il ALEX MACAULEY

10 cacammeineeilinees
Theatre Pins for Women's Hats,

TO THE Eptron OF THR SUN Sir: In regard to
theatre pins for women’s hats, Iwish to state that [
amin New York three months of the winter season,
and travel from coast to coast, I go to all the good
theatres in New York and the large etties, and bave
pever experienced any trouble in iinding a place
my hat, by maktug use of the upholstered back of the
chair ik tro tol me; by running the hat pin through
the back of the bat and then into the velvetor plush,
or what ever the coverlag may be on whe chatr, in that
way |t fastens the hat securely and Is perfeet(y safe
uniess the geatlemen near by go out between acts

Bosron, April 12, VIRGINIA Porm

Aud when be turn

AN ERA OF DISPLAY,

The Present Methods of Advertising Wealth
and Fine Clothes,

To tue Eprror oy Tur Sun—Sir: In writ-
ing to you a few days ago upon the radical
changes which have oceurred in our society
during the last fifty years, and more par-
ticularly «ines the Civil War, I referred to
the increased and inereasing publicity of
the funetions and personages of fashton-
able life as one of the most obvious of
them. It is only necessary to read the
newspapers published in New York and in
every other considerable town of the Union to
obtain abundant evidence of this departure
from the social simplicity of our earlier
days, Newspapers, too, which eater especially
fo"'the masses,” both by thelr cheapness and
literary methods, it will be observed, are
those which make most of a feature of such
reports of soelal doings and doers, and they
attract the more popular attention to them by
the ald of pictures, often printed tn flaming
colors, of the gorgeous functions and sumptue
ously attired women they describe, The ward-
robe of women celebrated by them as “leaders
of fashion” is thus pletured and deseri bed in
its minutest details-net merely gowns and
costumes, robes and bonnets, but also even
shoes, stockings, corsets ant lingerio,

Last Sunday, for instance, in the “ Easter
number” of apAperin New York, there was a
huge sheet, printed in glaring colors, which
gave supposititious portraits of “society
queens” arrayed in gowns “created” for
them especially for the occasion by famous
Parisian dressmakers—flgures suggestive of
fushion plate art, Inthe same paper a whole
section was occupied with reports of social
doings and more or less veractous social @osaip
andrumor, Its chief competitors in that fleld
also gave up a large part of theirspace to such
millinery illustrations and “fashionable newa,”
Judging by them, the thought, interest and
care of our “society queens” are expended
mainly on their clothes and methods of adver.
tising them in a flerce competition for the
favor of popular eriticism,

Of course, I cannot hold the ladies concerned
(where they are ladies) to personal respon-
sibility for this vulgar exhibition; but the time
waa, and it was not so very longago, when such
a use of their names and faces for a cireus-like
show woul have provoked violent measuresof
resentment of the outrage. Nowadays they
an! their families seem to take it with at least
indifference, if in some eases they do not
actunliy (as Tam told some do) connive at the
publication of them as milliners and dress-
mukers’ models, They suffer themselves to ba
made public characters, representative of the
vanity and frivolity only and not of any exalted
quality of womanhood, and look on unblush-
ingly even when the secrets of their toilets are
imagined truthfully described) for the
delectation of the curious and wondering pub-
lie who buy the penny papers.

Now, there is another side to this matter be-
sides its appalling vulgarity. It is the distine-
tively immoral consequence so far as concerns
women who have not the money with which to
make so vainadiaplay. The “queens o* fash-
fon” are necessarily faw; of the rich, fashion-
able and unfashionable, the number propor-
tionately is small, The provocation of such
pictures and deseriptions of corgceousness ia to
incite ambition to imitate in vain and silly
women this vulgar display without having the
money to support it.

1 am not going to preach & sermon on this
matter, for the sermon preaches itself. You
cannot have vanity and vulgarity advertised as
the distinguishing features of ‘‘faahionable
society’ without extending the corruption
throngh all the soctal foundations, except
among the people who still eling to the old
prejudice in favor of good breeding, refinement
and cultivation as the test of social desert
rather than a pile of money, a rich wardrobe,
and heaps of jewels, AMERICAN,

New Yorks, April 9.

or

GAVEL TO SPEAKER HENDERSON,

The Head of Pipestone, the Handle of Wal-
nut and the Scroll of Solid Gold.

Wasninoroy, April 13.—Mr. MeCleary and
Mr. Stevens called on Speaker Henderson this
morning at his offlee in the Capitol to present
a gavel from Minnesota friends, In presenting
It, Mr. McCleary aald:

“Mr. Speaker, I have the honor of presenting
to you a gavel from a number of your Minne-
sota friends and admirers. The head of the
givel is of pipestone, from the quarries Jn
my district made famous by Longfellow tn
his poem “Hiawatha.” The handle ta of
walnut, grown in southern, Minnesota, The
scroll on the handle giving your initials is of
solid gold. Your frlends in Minnesota believe
that this gavel istypieal of him to whom it {s
presented, the atone head representing aturdy
character, the solid gold sterling purpose, and
the handle, the upward growing disposition of
the tree. They give it to you with their com-
pliments and best wishes and with the hope
that you may long wield it in your present
oMeial position, The case is, as you see, of
rosewood lined with purple velvet.’

The Speaker in reply snid; “Accept from moe
my emteful acknowledgment of this hand.
some and suggestive gift. Please say to my
friends how very much J appreciate it. It will
always remind me of faithful Minnesota, of
kind Minnesota, my dear neighbor, I cannot,
of course, accept without aome modification
the pleasant things said popereing mein pre-e
senting it, but your generous estimate will be
astandard for mato work toward, The box is
agem worthy of the gavel. Again and most
heartily do I thank you.”

YARN ABOUT THE SCHOOL BOARD,

No ‘'Friction” Between Officials and No
“Prominent Official’ Suspended,

School Commissioners said yesterday there
Waa no truth in a story published yesterday
that “friction” between officials had brought
on acrisisinthe board andthata “prominent
official” had been suspended. The only founda-
tion forthe atory appeared to bein the fact
that aclerk holding a minor position was sua-
pended on Thursday for being absent without
leave, In the story printed it was made to ap-
pear that the auditor of the board, Henry R. M.
Cook, was the official suapended after being
queatione’: by Commissioner Mortarty at a
meeting of the Committee on Supplies. Mr.
Moriarty said yesterday that Mr. Cook went be-
fore the committee, as was his custom at every
meeting, and that instead of suspending him
the board had under consideration a plan to
give him an inereased office force which he has
asked for,

“The clerk who was suspended,” said Mr,
Moriarty, ‘has been very ill and for that
reuson, perhaps, no exeuse was asked for his
absence, President Little felt that no clerk
should stay away without explanation and
suspended him more as a lesson than anything
else have since gota cert:fleate from his
physician stating that he was too ili to anawer
questions, A committee has been at work
with a view of facilitating the work in some
branches of the department, but there la no
shake-up to oceur or no ertais in the board
Mr. Cook has naked for more clarks in the con-
senet department and he will probably get
them,”

President Little also denied the truth of the
published story

OUR FORVIGN TRADE,
Exports Increase 8105,839,720 in the Nine

Months Ending March &1,

WASHINGTON, April 15.~Tho importa of mer-
ehandisefor March were valued at $50,442,177,
an increase of $14,621,431 over those of March,
Im4), and for the nina months ended March
31, SCAT AS5 400, an increase of $141,813.38),
compared with the same period of the previous
flava! year, The exports of merchandise for
Mareh were vained at $134,313, 448, an increase
Of S20, 753,050 over Mareh, 84 For the nine
’ el Mareh 31 the exporta were
SLO GSTS, an inerease of $105,.880,720
compared with the same period of the Inet
flxeal year, The exports for the month of |
Mareb and forthe nine months establish new
records for those per ods

the Revolution’s Memorial
Hall,

Wasntnoton, April 13.—-The Senate Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds to-day
heard arguments by Mrs. Daniel Manning,
President of che Nationa! Society of the
Daughters of the American Revolution, in

Daughters of

| fayorot a bill setting aparta plot of ground in

for |

Washington uron when a memorial building
tocommemorate the services and perpetuate |
the memory of the herovs of the Revolutionary
War is to be erected by that society, The eom- |
mittee tater ordered a favorable report on the |
bill, The site selected isu Government reser. |
vation known as Rawline Park, situate! be.
tween Eighteenth ant Ninternth streets and
New York avenue and E street northwest,

THE DOUBLE-DECK TURRETS,

Why They Were Rejected by the Naval
Construction Board.

WasHiInoton, April 13.—The apparent hos-
tility of a majority of the Naval Board on Con-
struction to the superimposed turret, as devel-
oped at their meeting yesterday, was demon-
strated in a manner which, while it does not
change tho fact that three of the five members
voted directly againat the installation of tur-
rets of the superimposed type on the battle-
ehips Pennaylvania, New Jersey and Georgia,
gives hope to the advocates of the double-deok
structure that there is a chance that the ma-
jority may turnthe other way at some not far
distant time, ‘

There were two propositions voted on at the
board's meeting in regard to the battery ar-
rangement of the three battleships, The first
was a motion to inatall superimposed turrets,
thus giving each ship twotwelves and two
eights forward, twotwelvesa and two eights
aft, and a broadside of six U-inch rifles on each
beam, This motion was rejected by a vote of
three to two, Rear Admirals Melville
and Bradford voting in the affirm:
ative, that is, for the superimposed
structures. Thereis reason to believe, how-
ever, that the action of one member whose
vote rejected the motion was influenced more
by the fact that he knew of an alternative
proposition as to the arrangement of the bat-
tery, that proposed by Rear Admiral O'Neil,
the Chief of the Ordnance Bureau, which in his
opinion provided a stronger battery than would
have been furnished by the installation of
superimposed turrets, and that his vote
was therefore not an assertion of enmity to-
ward the new type. This oMeer is Capt. Sigs-
bee, Chief Intelligence Officer and the junior
member of the board, The alternative propo-
sition was that the big guns of the Minnesota
battery consist of two twelves in an ordinary
turret forward, two twelves in an ordinary
turret aft, and eight eights in four ordinary
turrets, two on each beam, an arrangement
similar to that on the Iowa.

In submitting the proposition Rear Admiral
O'Neil explained that he had discuvered by 4
consideration of possible contingencies in an
engagement that a battleship fitted with
superimposed turrets would have one very
strong and one very weak side. He said that

if one of the new battleships fitted with super.
imposed turrets, were attacked by two vessels,
one of sufficient strength to justify the use of
the S-inch turret guns and the broadsile of
sixes on the quarter from which the
stronger ship «approached, there would
be oniy a broaiside of sixes left to repel the
attack of the second enemy if she approached
on the opposite side, To offset the dangers ot
such an attack he proposed a hattery arrange-
ment similarto that of the Iowa, in twelves
and eights, but really making the new
ships much more formitable than the
Iowa on account of their six-inch broad.
sides. He said that if one of the new ships,
AO arrange! as to battery, were the sub-
ject of an attack similar to that he
cites as anexampie, the stronger enemy could
be fought with the four twelves, four eights
and oreof the 86-inch broadsides, while the
other enemy would eneounterthe fire of four
elghts and the opposite broadside, a battery in
itself stronger than the Olympla’s, The addi-
tion ofthe four #-inch guns would give the
thip 500 tons more dispiacement, but this
could be offset to a great extent, Admiral
O'Netl explained, by not sheathing her, or, if
necessary, with the sheathing added, in
lenathen'ng her four or five feet, Rear Ad-
miral Hichborn figured out that this additional
length could be provided for without trouble.

Rear Admiral Melville, who voted for super-
Imposed turrets, expressed himgelf as satisfied
with the battery arrangement proposed, al-
though not abandoning his partiality for the
double-deck structures. Rear Admiral Brad-
ford, who had been strong in advocating the
superimposed turrets, said in effeot, that he
was for that type first, last and all the time,
and declined to assent to the new plans, When
the ballot was taken Admirals O'Neil, Melville
aud Hichborn and Capt. Sigebee voted tn
favor of the new battery, and Admiral Brad-
ford against it

The broadsides of the battery adopted will
have ten instead of twalve 46-inch rifles, five on
each beam The reduction will help compen-
sate for the additional weight oF the four
eights added by Admiral O'Neil’s motion.

he idea was prevalent to-day in naval cir-

cles that the board had decided not to recom-
mend that the contracts for the Pennsylvania,
New Jersey and Georgia contain a provision
that superimposed turrets might be subeti-
tuted forthe battery arrangement adopted at
any time within six months after the contracts
are signed, This idea is erroneous. The board
decided to retain that provision,

MAY YET USE DOUBLE TURRETS,

Sampson Says the Recent wecision by a
Naval Board Is Not Final,

Boston, April 13,—Rear Admiral Sampson,
Commandant ofthe Charlestown Navy Yard,
who regards the Strauss type of double turret
as of great value for battleships and who,
while Chief of the Nava! Board of Construction,
was Inetrumental in having plane accepted for
turret arrangements of that kind on the battle-
ships Kentucky an Kearsarge, does not think
thatthe present Board of Construction has
framed its report ina manner to prevent the

doptionofthe double turret in the future,

e talked freely to-day on the recent rejection
of the superimposed turrets by the Naval
Board for the ships authorized last year. He
Bald:

“The decision of the board {fa not final, as
the Board of Construction has framed its re-
Port In such a way that the superimposed tur-
reta can be substituted if such action is con-
sidered desirable after the severe teata which
are to be made with those on the hattleship
Kearsarge have been reported upon.”

JOHN ADDINON PORTER RESIGNS,

George B. Cortelyou Appointed Secretary
to the President.

Wasnrnartoy, April 13.—John Addison Porter
has resigned as secretary tothe President, and
George B, Cortelyou of New York, for some
time assistant secretary to the President,
has been appointed in his place, The reason
given for Mr. Porter's withdrawal Is ill health.
For more than a year he has performed
practically none of the dutles of the office,
Mr. Cortelyou having relieved him of most
of the work. Mr, Porter was in Europe
some time last year, he having taken along
leave of absence at the earnest solicitation of
the President, At the beginning of the winter
he returned to the White House and announced
that he was ready for duty, but hia health did
not prove adequate for the arduous work of
the office. He was therefore constrained to
tender his resignation, which the President

hae reluctantly accepted. His physicians en-
Join complete rest and change, that he may
have every facility for rapid improvement.
George Bruce Cortelyou, the new secretary
to the President, was born in New York olty
July 6, 1862. His father was a prominent citi-
zen and a friend of Horace Greeley, Hugh
Hastings, Thurlow Weed and other brilliant
journalists, who were frequently entertained
at the Cortelyou home in Brooklyn Heights
and Staten Ifand, Young Cortelyou gradua-
ated from the Hempstead Inetitute, At 16 he
entered the State Normal School at Weat-
fleld, Mass., and graduated at 10, hay.
ing prepared for arvard. On leaving
the Normal School, however, he entered the
New England Conservatory of Music in Boa-
ton and pursued reveral courses of studies, and
tutored in English literature. He afterward
continued his musical studies in New York
and graduated in stenography atthe Walworth
Stenographic Institute, whieh he afterward
conducted temporarily, In 1884 Mr, Cortelyou
was appointed stenographer in the Appraiser's
office in New York and was afterward assoct-
ated with James E | Munson, author of the
Munaon system of stenography, in his work in
the Superior Court. From 1885 to 1589 he was
the principal of a college of preparatory schools
in New York, In 1841 he became econfiden-
tinl stenographer to the Surveyor of the
Port of New York and was aftorward
appointed private secretary to Fourth Aaalst-
ant Postmaster-General Maxwell. He retained
his place until appointed stenographer to
President Cleveland in 18%. He was after-
ward promoted to be executive clerk and by
President MeKinley was appointed assistant
secretary, the office being created for him,
Mr. Cortelyou graduated in law from the
Georgetown University with the degree of
LL. D., and alao from the post graduate course
of the Columbia Law Sehool at Washington
with the degree of LL.M. [n 1888 Mr. Cortel-
ou married the youngest daughter of Dr
{inds, principal of Hempstead Institute, and
they have three children,

Neighborliness,
From Sketchy Bits
Mr. Moveo't—Wel!, my ‘ear, how do you
find the nel@hbors here ~soeiable’?
Mra, Moveolt—Very. Three or four ofthem |
have sertin to ask iff would allow their ehil-
dren to use our piano to practise on,

Extremes in Dreas.
From the Clereiand Piain Dealer

“That pretty Miss Keckless is an eccentric
dresser,” .

“T should say she was! Why, she came to
theclub masquerade the other evening wear-
ing 4,cowa that was cut rajuy-day at both
ends

SPAIN’S OLAIM TO ISLANDS DENIED,

Thie Government Contends That Cagayan
Sulu and Sibutu Belong to Us, ;

Wasuinorton, April 13,—Spain's claim to the
islands of Cagayan, Sulu and Sibutu, on the
outskirts of the Philippines group, has been
repudiated by the United States in a note ad.
dressed by Secretary Hay to the Spanian
Minister.This course was determined afte; a
careful study of geographical, topographioa! and
historical authorities with specialra feren 4
to the Interpretation of that part of the Paris
treaty of peace which provided for the transfer
of the Philippines from the soverelanty of
Bpain tothe United Staten, The Government's
contention that the Paris treaty ceded to the
United States all the Spanish territory in the
Far East is the main ground on whioh jt based
{ta refusal to accede to the claim of Spain
that the two islanis had not been left un ‘7
Spanish sovereignty, The treaty Of peace
prescribed oertaln latitudinal and longitudinal
limits of the territory transferred to American
jurisdiction. The American hegotiators as
Paris could not find any definite authority
geographical or otherwise, for Classing ¢ ‘agayan
Sulu and Sibutu as Spanish islands, and
therefore omitted to extend the boundary
lines of the territory transferred 60 a8 to ine
clude them,

A short time ago the claim was made inthe
— en that these islands had not been
ransferred to the United t
pores shortly bya lor anphecct onthe
} nish Government, addreased to Secretary
of State Hay, forthe withdrawal of Ameries
authority over the two islands and the « ne
sentof this Government to the assertion of
Spanish sovereignity over them, The revel it
of the note containing this application was
acknowledged, but the Cnited States Gover,
ment did not commit Itself on the subject, bes

yond promising to take the Spanish c
under consideration, penne eonaennInR

There was an agreement among the Goy
ment officials concerned and the aetkernn
consulted that the arbitrary weographical inns
laid down in the Paris treaty as the boundaries
of the Philippines territory ceded to the Unites
States did not compel the Government to eons
fine its assertion of sovereignty to the terrj.
tory actually within those lines, It was held
that the Spirit and not the letter of the treaty
governed The American demand on Dpaiu
was for the cession of the entire territory of
Spain in the Phitippines and = Sulu archi.
pelagoes, and to this the Spanish Com.
inissioners assented, The statement of
boundaries was made merely to get
forth in deflnite form a description of the ter.
ritory ceded by Spain. ‘Ihis Government
therefore, holds that as Spain agreed to cade
all her Far Eastern territory inciuded within
the Philippines and Sulu archipelugoes ahe has
no ground for claiming sovereiguty over any
pert ofthat territory not included within tha
ongitudinal and latitudinal lines latd down in
the treaty of peace, and that Cagayan and
Sibutu passed into the possession of this Gove
re uaee through oe vie compliance with
oe general demand for the cessic > f
Eastern possessions. Pee ee eoee

PUKCHASE OW THE HOLLA ND,
Terms of the Contract Made With the Hol
land Sub: Marine Boat Company.

WASHINGTON, April 13.—The contract for the
purchase of the sub-marine torpedo boat Hols
land by the Government was closed yeaterd ay,
The boat becomes the property of the Govern.
ment for $150,000, but the Government will
deposit $00,000 of that amount with August
Belmont & Co, of New York in trust for the
Holland company as a guarantee that tha
Government will suffer no loss for the money
it advanced for the construction of the Holland
sub-marine torpedo boat Plunger. The money
deposited with Belmont & Co. will be paid to
the Holland company when the Plun rer has
been accepted by thu Secretary of the Navy,

The contract gives the Government the right
to purchase the patents of the Holland sub-
marine craft at any time, and provides for tha
appointment of a board to consist of two naval
officers and one representative of the Holland
company to fx the price of the patent rights
should the Guvernment decide to buy them,

The Holland company binda itself to furnish
other boats similar to the Holland should the
Government want them, the price of each to be
agreed on later, but not to exceed $170,000, It
Agrees also to provide a crew for & reasonabl
lenath of time to instruct naval officers an
seamen in operating the Holland.

-__

THE HARTFORD'S LONG WOYA@E,

Farragut’s Famous Flagship on Her Way
From San Franciscoto Hampton Roads,

Wasntnoton, April 13.—The first “leg” in
the long voyage of the rehabilitated Hartford,
Farragut’s famous flagship, has been made the
subject of a report by her skipper, Commander
Hawley, who writes from Valparaiso to tha
Navy Department, under date of March 8, that
the old vessel had experienced trouble

with her engines, but that he hac
spread his canvas liberally and mais
the Chillan coast without much delay, Going
down from San Francisco he fonnd that the
engines worked badly, and frequent stops had
to be made for the bearings to cool and to maka
necessary repairs, And at lengthall steam was
cut off and the ahip proqueded under sail power
flove. The Hartford jv on her way to Hamoton
Roads with e crew of 300 landsmen that Com-
mander Hawley is breaking in for ratings as
ordinary seamen. More than half the crew has
80 far qualified and the remainder Capt. Hawley
expects to have rated before he anchors {a
American waters.

Paper From Rice Straw,

From the New Orleans Times. Democrat.

The experts who have examined the rice straw are
of opinion thata very high grade of paper, not only
adapted to newspapers but suitable for books as
well, can be made from that material, of which
Loul lana produces thousands of tons that are now
got rid of a8 4 waste product. Heretya promise ofa
new industry

Foreign Notes of Real Interest.

Padua's pilgrims to Rome for the Jubilee will make
the Journey on bicycles,

Mark Tapley and Mr Pickwick were the defend-
ants in two successive sultsin the Bloomsbury County
Court recently,

Queen Victoria is abesit to publish another seleo
tion from her diaries, according to the Outlook. The
profits will go to one of the war funds,

British soldiers will be allowed to drink at Pritieh
bars during the war atleast. The Secretary for War
has requested officers to report the names of pubil-
cans who refuse refreshments to men In uniform

*Ineclreumscriptibleness,"’ meaning incapable of
limitation has been admitted into Dr. Murray's new
English dictionary, on the strength of its use by @
covenanting Byfield of the seventeenth century

Shamrock will be planted on the graves of the
Irish soldiers in South Africa. The Duke of York
has accepted a thousand packets of seed and has
forwarded them to the officers of the Irish brigade

M. Hippolyte Jayr, the last of Louts Philippe's
Ministers, died recently at the age of 90 years. He
held the office of Minister of Public Works under
Gulzot for a few months from 1447 tll the Revolution
of 1848.

Prince of Maximilian of Baden, prospective her to
the Grand Duchy, is engaged to Princess Mary, eldest
daughter of the Duke of Cumberland. The engage
ment is looked upon as evidence that the Kaiser and
the Guelphs are coming to an understanding.

Manchester's sehool board has ytelded to Non-
conformist pressure and ordered a Popish print of the
‘Madonna and Child’ by Rapbacl to be removed
from the school room walls. A printof Mme. Vigee
Lebrun's picture of herself and her daughter will be
substituted,

Dr. Rudolf Amandus Philippi of Santiago de
Chile ts about to celebrate the seventieth anniversary
of recetving bis doctor's degree from Kerlin Univeratty
Dr. Philipplis professor of botany in the Santlago
University and Director of the Natural History Mu-
seum. Helis 02 yearsof age and attended Alexander
von Humboldt’s lectures when a student

Don Carlos's lawyer bas explained to the Italtan
court which ts trying his daughter's sult against him
thatthe pretender is always Spanish in bis bear’,
but objects to being Judged according to Spanish
law, “which would be to his prejudice."’ He wishes
therefore to be considered subject to the jurisdiction
of the Grand Marshal of the court of Vienna

Germany istrying to secure International agree
ment for a close time for fishing In the North Sea
The Chancellor bas been asked to obtain the ey
operation of Great Britatn, Holland, Sweden and
Norway and Denmark to prohibit deep sea fshing
between Feb, | and May 1, to determine on protected
rones, and to put some limit to trawl Nshing

Caar Nicholas TL. has presented to the French Gov
ernment a mosalemapof France in precious stones
which will be exhibited atthe Parts Exntbition. The
map is one metre square and is framed in slate colored
Jasper. The seats represented in ight gray marble,
the departments in jasper of various colors and the
rivers in platinum. The names are inlaid in gold and
106 towns are marked by gems, Paris being repo
nenied by a diamond