ie

ne One
=

ee

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
     
    

 

d

   

"

oe

  
  

 

BOOKS,

 

NKW

 

« of Important and Interesting

few
prief Rev New Publications.

the guide book to Paris, published by the
ora, ia conveniently arranged and it ls, aa
Harpe riously fnteresting, In it, for instance,
oon inet acvount of the omnibus system
00 aioe jn that polite and sometimes cau-
gre Hero we could not get on with such
. dot public travel—or, at least, we think
ene nd not, There {sno doubt that it would
oe any of us late for dinner, But tn Parts

ightlully different from whatthey

ro del
ee, ind wo have always held it to be a
arable privilege. offered to anyoody at the |
val aa f fifteen centimes and of ages of |
eet waiting, to obtain a place on the |
gr a Paris omnibus, One sees so much
aren walting #8 long! and the cost really is
pardly worthy of consideration, By means of

ya omnibus one gets from any part of Paris to
apy other part at least in the course of a day;
and to €pe! d even a complete twenty-four
hours in an open alr peregrination through this
jmpertal and beautiful efty je instructive and
intensely interesting. Think of what one sees,
at last, in gO.D8 through Paris on the top of an
omnibus! Of course, a fairly good walker
sould get anywhere before a Paris omnibus
1, but he would be obliged to exert him-

pelt in what we may characteriza as A
measure ; and besides, he would feel
bimseif to to the victim of an impatience
hich the traveller bya Paris omnibus never
feels. There Is no fever, nothing that may be
stigmatized as rash or headlong, in going by
the omnibus, Ail thie is admirably suggested
tn Harper's guide book to the French metropo-
Neand to the great exhibition which {s about
tooceur there. We can warn one, from @ per-
gonal and feverish experience, that it isa long
anda warm walk, in @ June afternoon, from
the Street of Medicine, somewhére tn the Latin
Quarter, to the remoter confines of the Quarter
of St. Anthony: but we have no doubt that
gome omnibus rung coolly and deliberately
orerthe route. Nobody who goes to Paris
next summer should omitto seo the house
in which Madama do Bévigné wrote) her
letters—-not @ particular remarkable house
fp its outward aspect, but crowded
with the supremest memortes within
itttis still standing; or the church with the
saints on {t, near by, which was chipped by the
ballets of revolutiontists, as have been, indeed,
most of the buildings in the city, Paria is an
extremoly historical and interesting place,
The late Eugene Lawrence—we think it was—
who spent an industrious life in finding nothing
good to say of the Catholic reilgion, called it a
melancholy and {il-favored city, and pros
pounced the Louvre, the Tuileries, and the
Hines of architecture flanking the Seine ugly by
reason of the influence of the Popes. The
Catholio religion, he said, had placed Paris
beyond the possibility of beauty. We know
nothing about this, but anybody who is patient
ean see about It for himself by golag about Paris
Inanomnibua, We do not know that any
omnibuses run directly from the Tullerles to
the Cathedral of Notre Dame, but it
{s hardly more than a strong jump to this im-
mortal sanctuary from the Church of the
Madeleine, by which the omnibuses pass in
great numbers. Certainly the study of the
omalhuses of Paris is a curious thing, and the
guide book helps us, telling, as it does, that the
fare inside, where it is not destrable to sit,
is twice as much ae it ie outeide, where It isa
pleasure to be established, There are so many
enigmag in the world that we have long since
given up the attempt to solvethem. We re-
member Paria very remotely and mistily aga
city full of omnibuses and gilded signs, and we
recal! what seemed to us at the time to be asense
of sober pleasure atthe transfer of ourselves to
London, where there was nothing especially
gay. The guidebook published by Harper &
Krothers helps one to an understanding of all
this, not directly, but bya sort of implication
founded upon possible reminiscence. We be-
lieve that Walter Scott was glad to get back to
s!a and beefsteak after dining fora period {fn
the Parla fashion. We believe that ha has so re-
corded, with a sort of recklessness and exhibi-
tion of auperiority to the common opinion, He
was a noveliat who was accustomed to free his
mind In hig introdactions, But there are the
omnibuses, ready to take anybody anywhere
n Paria, in the course of time, and Paris is as
wonderful for the Victor Hugos of the present
day as {t was for the Victor Hugo who once de-
pleted {t, “Harper’a Guide” is thorough and
in all respects admirable, and it encourages
the mind to multitudinous reflection.

Mr, G, W. Bteevens, who had come in a short
time to be one of the best known and best eA-
teemed of newspaper correspondents, and who
died only the other day, in the course of his
work {n South Africa, left behind him a book,
“From Cape Town to Ladysmith” (Dodd,
Mead & Co,), which shows how clever he was
{n presenting strongly, with vividness and in-
terest, the things that he saw. He saw New
York once, a few yeara ago, and pronounced it
ugly, This may be true; and as a fact It is the
habit of critics, foreign and domestic, to say
this same unflattering thing of It. The crit-
icism does not seem to affect the city, which
goes on witha presumption of independence,
and even with some degree of triumph, in its
ugly way. It rears itself unler the hands of
builders who regard only the building law and
botalways that, and who are only occasionally
aware of the existence of eritics, for the pro-
nouncement of posterity. It is possible that in
tome future day some Ruskin will exult in ite
obvions fire escapes and Its frankly associated
tincornices; we have often suspected that the
erities founded their impreasions upon the
mere authority of the past and did not very
mach ‘oresee. That will be a greatday for Mr.
Max O'ke!l, Mr. Paul Bourget and other oritics
ofaniform kindness, In Mr. Steevens’s book
there ia an aceount under the head of “The
Gone at Rietfontein.” A Boer shell from
Dragon's Mountain, or from some place in
Its neighborhood, fell in the midst of
ao English battery, “At the shell,” he
says, ‘oven before it, they flew apart like ants
from a watering can.” We had never reflected,
and probably never knew, that ants flew apart
from a watering can; and this confession {is
at least some measure of testimony to the
fact that Mr, Steevens was a close observer,
Nothing is easier to think than that auts do
fy apart from a watering can, and that to fly
part from a watering can is, in the case
of ants, a reasonable incident, quite In the
fourse of their wull-known habit of general
industry, Mr. Steevens wrote—and it ia to be |
temembered that he wrote from a scene of |

ou!

battle, under influences of great distraction |
& well as great inspiration-such things as
this: “During the first movement the lead-
Ing terformer was Long Tom. He Ie a|
friendly old gun, and for my part I have
Done Lut the kindest feelings toward him. |

It was his duty to shell us, and he
Gis bur he did itin an open, manly way. Be- |
Mind th half sunty of light-red soil they had |
) round him you could see his ugly
pand look hungrily around. A

nd a toadstool of thick, white |
us he had flred, On the flash four-
banged his punetilious reply. You
th ! until you saw the black smoke jump |
*lind the red mound, then Tom was due ina
ortwo, A red flash, a jump of red-
b wh dist and smoke, o rending crash; he
O2 arrive |, Then sank slowly through theair
Bis frag: ike wounded birds. You could

let of tly
OMoke told
Doint-seven

& nts,

hens

& ‘ the oming, and they came with digni-

_ “OWS; there was plenty of time to get |
itotthe way * * # On thi same 7th a

 

broth ' Long Tom, by the namy of Fiddling
net ' the Manchesters and
roto a flat-topped konje three or |
This gun, too, was |
ev and dd little harm to any-
x Pulling Billy made a some- |
st uppearance on Bulwan.” So |
itup in Ladysmith had their |
r humor. Fiddling Jimmy and |
Bhi Yorealventures in nomenclature, |
Nitti ee their unfortunate hours, |
® fever was alleviated, and the |
isted better by reason of these |

southern them

Na Peis ;
Pritiah st

fling :

Pye

hors. n ’

a (Anressions of contempt It may be
‘thd Ming Billy and Bidding Jimmy
eM plished mediate harm; but they ae-
2 Th. thelr tragedy notwithstand- |

ie deoth oof Mr, Steevens bears |

si

  
 

 

 

 

melancholy testimony to this, and there is
plenty of other testimony, which the British
public very bitterly understands, to the same
effect. Fiddling Jimmg and Puffing Billy were
nojokes. The Boers were no jokes, That is,
unleas it is understood that a joke Is an ex- | eve,’ and the musictan who disliked her even
coedingly serious thing, We have seen it| ere he had met her, “Sand,” says Mr,
somewhere recorded of two soldiers, among | Huneker, “wae antipathetle to Chopin, but
troops whom Gen. Gataere had marched toan | her technique for overcoming masculine
extravagant distance In an African desert, | coyness was a4 remarkable in {ts particular
that one remarked, as he sank down ex- | fashion as Chopin's proficiency at the key- | scope.
hausted, “I am going to the ennteen for aq board.” In the latter half of the volume fs an In
glass of ale,” and that the othor one sald, “I | analysis of the sallent aspects, technical and
am going to have @ bit of awash and going | msthetic, of Chopin's musie, In concluding
out fora walk.” There is nothing serious in | his chapter on Chopin the Artist, Mr. Huneker
some obstinate eyes, writes:

All lovers of the most mystic, delicate and ‘The shadowy miming of Choplo's soul hasa sig
intangible of the arta will fud something to de- | nificance for this generation, Its now the reign of
light them {n Mr. James Huneker’s monograph | the brutal, the realistic, the Impossible tn muste.
on “Chopin. The Man and Hia Music.” (Serib- Formalexcellence is neglected and programme muste | to
ners.) A luminous eritical analysis of the has reduced art to the levelof an anecdote, Chopin
musie is preceded by an Interesting study of nelther preaches nor paints, yet his art is decorative
the artiatand the man, and in thie latter Mr, | 894 Gamnte-inene® in - — of me asnek we

tovebes earth and {ts emotional issues in Poland only,
his subject in a clearer light than that in whicn | abermise nis music is a pure eathetic delight, an
it is left by the vague eenoralities and obvious artistic enchantment, freighted with no ethical or the
ei atric messages, Itis poetry made audible, the ‘Soul
omissions of Liszt's eulogy, or by the biassed | yritten in sound.’ All that I can faintly tudicate ts
and perhaps not altogether honest references | ine way itatfecta me, this music with the petals of «
inthe Sand Memoirs, As for the episode, the | gjowing rose and the heart of gray ashes, Its analo-
dominant one in Chopin's life, of hia associa- | gies to Poe, Verlaine, Shelley, Keats, Hetne and Mick-
tion with George Sand. Mr. Huneker | tewicz are but eritical signposts, for Chopin ts Incom-
diseusses the affair in the light of com- | parable, Chopin is unique. ‘Our Interval,’ writes
mon sense and ranges himself neither on | Walter Patef, ‘is brief’ Few pass it recollectedly and
the alde of the idealists nor the scandal mon-

gers. The excessive sensibility, the vanity and
girlishness of the man are here nover allowed
to overshadow the greatness of the artist,
There is humor in the reference to the first
encounter of “the woman with the sombre

“The Woolet Papers” (Trade

blameless life.

blown.
family,
school of his church.
way an estimable citizen.

this for sportive play.

with full understanding of its larger rhythms and

   

Mew Publications. | Hew Publications.

Rew Publications,

\

THE SUN, SATURDAY, APRIL 14, 1900.

more urgent colors. Many endure !t in frivol and |
violence, the majority in bored, sullen submission.
Chopin, the New Chopin. ts a foe to ennul and the
spirit that denies; in bis exquisite aoul-sorrow, sweet
world-pain, we may find rich impersonal relief.

There is 60 much vigorous thought and
grace of atyle in Mr. Huneker’s treatment of a
subject necessarily morelor less technical, that
wo should welcome his appearance in a litvrary
fleld in which his powers would find greater

Mark

Record), Mr. A. Wellington Woolet, an apoc-
ryphal merchant of this city, gives us his

aA ee

awkward poaition,

lessiy duped by a red-nosed

 

was too ill to appear,

Continued on Eighth Page.

Rew Pudlications.

 

‘The Queen of England, the President of France,

the Sultan of Turkey

And Other Rulers, Distinguished Personages, Universities, Etc.,

PAY TRIBUTE TO THE

Standard

Funk &
Wagnalls

   

Dictionary

1900
Edition

WE WILL SEND THE STANDARD DICTIONARY TO

ANY ADDRESS FOR TEN DAYS’

EXAMINATION

ON RECEIPT OF THE REQUEST FORM BELOW.

Among the thousands who have procured the 1900 Edition of Funk & Wagnalls Standard Dictionary
within the past three months, are many of the rulers,and other distingutshed personages of European and §
other countries, They have been quick to recognize and acknowledge its unquestioned superiority. Honors
have been voluntarily conferred upon it everywhere. Among the conspicuous examples are the following:

BY IMPERIAL COMMAND a copy was purchased for the Royal Library at
Windsor,

PRESIDENT LOUBET OF FRANCE has presented a SEVRES VASE,
manufactured at the Government Potteries, to the Publishers in token of his
apprecation of the exceptional merits of the Standard Dictionary.

HIS IMPERIAL MAJESTY THE SULTAN OF TURKEY has conferred
the MEDAL OF THE LYAKAT (The Medal for Merit) in testimony of
his admiration for “the remarkable Dictionary.”

DEPARTMENTS OF THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
have, through various officers, declared it to be THE FAVORITE DIC-
TIONARY.

PROFESSORS OF THE LEADING UNIVERSITIES AND COLLEGES
OF EUROPE AND AMERICA have proclaimed the superiority of the
Standard Dictionary.

THE PRESS AND PUBLIC OF THE ENGLISH-SPEAKING WORLD
are unanimous in giving the highest praise to this Dictionary.

Universally Recognized as
the Standard.

A Fow of the Many Distinguished Foreigners
who have Secured within 90 Days Copies
ef the Greatly Improved Edition for
10900 of this Famous American Work.

“ Who reads an American book?"
—Edinbdurgh Review (49 years ago)

HER IMPERIAL MAJESTY THE QUEEN.
H.R. H.. THE PRINCE OF WALES.
PRESIDENT LOUBET,

of France
QUEEN REGENT
of Spain
PRESIDENT OF THE SWISS CONFEDERACY
KING LEOPOLD,

of Belgium.

ABDUL HAMID II.,

Sultan of Turkey.

KING OSCAR Il.,
of Norway and Sweden.

KING HUMBERT I.,

of Italy. THE SUBSCRIPTION EDITION OF THE STANDARD
awe — In DICTIONARY IS SOLD ONLY BY AGENTS OR BY THE

IT CANNOT BE BOUGHT IN

PUBLISHERS DIRECT.
BOOK STORES.

PRESIDENT JULIO A. ROCA,

of Argentine Republic.

PRESIDENT CAMPOS SALLES,

of the Republie of Brazi).

FIELD-MARSHAL LORD WOLSELEY, The exceptional value of the SUBSCRIPTION EDITION consists in that
Commander-in Chief of H. M. Forces. IT IS THE ONLY EDITION that contains the following features:
FIELD-MARSHAL LORD ROBERTS. . (1) It has THOUSANDS of NEW DEFINITIONS in the body of the work—
LORD KITCHENER. the language is growing daily.
CARDINAL VAUGHAN, (2) It has THOUSANDS of NEW WORDS—many of these in the body of the

DEAN F. W FARRAR, work, and others in the Appendix.
It is UP TO DATE.

of Canterbury (3)
It has MANY ADDITIONAL and costly full-page COLORED PLATES

THE MARQUIS OF LANSDOWNE. (4)
RT. REV. MANDELL CREIGHTON, D. D., illustrative of definitions, as, Grains of Woods, Butterflies, etc., etc. These colors
are reproduced with wonderful fidelity.

Bisbop of London.
REV. EDWARD WARRE, D. D. ee ely cy ; 4
Headmaster, Eton College, Windsor. (5) It has EIGHTY-EIGHT FULL-PAGE MAPS, making a complete and up-

SIR WALTER BESANT. to-date atlas of the world.

WILSON BARRETT, (6) THE REVISON OF THE ENCYCLOPEDIC matter includes all the

Lyceum Theatre, London. geographical changes in the progress of the world made since the Chino-Japanese,
Turko-Grecian, and Spanish-American wars.

(7) It has a patented UNIVERSAL CALENDAR—exceedingly ingenious —illus-
trating the word ‘‘calendar,” and of permanent value.

Besides TENS OF THOUSANDS OF ENCYCLOPEDIC ITEMS of information
invaluable to professional and business men.

REMEMBER, the above features appear ONLY in this unsurpassed SUB-
SCRIPTION EDITION of the Funk & Wagnalls Standard Dictionary. Every
copy of this edition has on the outside cover in gold the words “ Subscription
Edition.”

 

rar This is a New Dictionary from cover to
cover, embodying many New Principles in
lexicography—excelling all others in many
essential featares.“%&!

It cost, Inclusive of the cost of the present
revision for 1900, over One Million Dollars
—costing more than any other Iiterary work in
any aGe and in any language

 

 

Universally Recognized as
the Standard.

A Few of the Many Emphatic Testimontals that
Have Been Given in All Parts of the
World to This Princely
Dictignary.

U, S. Government Printing Office, Washing-
ton. D. C.-C. M. Robinson, Foreman, Proof Division
“We have in constant use in our room all the modern
digtionartes. but the most thoroughly thumbworn of
allis the STANDARD. Itis the most accurate, con-
sistent, and c mplete. It is ‘up to date.’ Hun
dreds of usefu: words and helps are found tn the
STANDARD whieh can be foundin no other publica
Uon of the kind.”

Field-Marshal Lord Roberts writes. Nov. 7,
1809: ‘Lhad noconeeption that the Funk & Wag-
nalls STANDARD DIicTIONARY was so unique a
work. The more I look into tt, the more my admire-
tion marvelous, and can not fall to satisly
the most exacting enqulrer.”’

 

Cardinal Vaughan, Archbishop of Westminster,
Nov. 10, 1890: “Well may this (the latest edition) be
called the admiration of Ii
pride of literary America.”

Field-Marshal Lord Wolseley, Commander-in-
Chief of the British Army, writes, Nov. 0 1890: “It
ts by farthe best and most comprehensive work of
{ts kind.”

Mark Twain quaintly writes (London, Feb. @th)
of the Edition for 1900° “In my experience | have
found that one can do without principles, bul not
without the Funk & Wagnalls Standard Dictionary.”

The Saturday Review, London: ‘In substan
tla) merit we think the STANDARD DICTIONARY
decidedly preferadie to the much adeertised Century.”

New York Herald: ‘Isis atriumphin the art of
pudlication . It ds the most satisfactory and
most complete dictionary yet printed.”

The Standard, London: “Compartsons may be
odious, but when a work of reference is concerned
they are inevitable. The STANDARD DICTIONARY
in its wealth of vocabulary, leaves even the Century
far behind; and not only In comprehensiveness, but

in exactitude of definition [ts merits are unquestion
able.”

Education, Boston: “It surpasses any other dic
tlonars extant.”

Now York Observer: ° . . It must be con
ceded a place before undreamed of and tll now un-
filled."

Vhe Independent, New York “Itisanoble ex
ample in which the modern tendency to popularize
knowledge bas risen to the highest level yet reached.”

Oxford University, Professer A. H. Sayce, the
eminent philologist: “The STANDARD DICTIONARY
ia truly magnificent and worthy of the great cont!
pent which has produced it. It ls more than com-
plete. itis certain to s persede all other existing
dictionaries of the English language.”

The St. James's Budget, London: ‘To say that
{tis perfect in form and scope \s not extravagance of
praise, and to say that It {s the most valuable diction-
ary of the English language ts but to repeat the ob
vious. The Standard Dictionary should be the pride
of Iterary America, aa tt ts the admiration of literary
England.”

SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS TO READERS OF “THE SUN”

; On receipt of the attached REQUEST FORM, with $1.00, a copy of the 1900 Edition of the
1 STANDARD DICTIONARY, complete in two volumes, bound in full Russia leather, price $22, will

I be sent to any reader of ‘‘THE SUN.”’

P IT WILL BE LEFT FOR EXAMINATION FOR

A TEN DAYS. If, at the end of ten days, you do
not desire to keep the Dictionary, it may be sent
back, and your $1.00 payment will be refunded.

AWE WILL PAY DELIVERY CHARGES BOTH
WAYS. If you decide to keep the Dictionary, you

B need pay only $2 per month for eleven months, the
$1.00 sent with order to be counted as part pay-
ment. SIGN AND SEND US THE ATTACHED
REQUEST FORM, or a copy of it, NOW.

  

Enclosed find $1.00.

$1.00 now sent.

 

"SUN READERS! REQUEST FORM.
Funk & Wagnalls Co., 30 Lafayette Pl., New York:

Please send me for examination a set
of the STANDARD DICTIONARY,
volumes, bound in full Russian leather.
may retain the Dictionary for 10 days.

| agree to pay $2 per month for eleven months, deducting the
If 1 do not wish to keep it, | may return it at
your expense and you will refund the $1.00 | now pay.

MAM iy vccerestinereores

ADORESS.....

    
        
    
      
     
   

1900 Edition, in two
It is understood that |
If [then decide to keep it

© OO coeeee pee errors oveee

 
   

FUNK & WAGNALLS CO,, 30 Lafayette Pl, N.Y, Publishers of High-Class Reference Books

 

terary England and the

face and a bald head, who indulges generously }
in aliquid mixture that he calle the “rye high | Rew Publications,
ball,” under the influence of which this perfiti-
ous friend pinces Mr. Woolet in an extremely
He buys a horse and
makes an unlucky baraain, and he fs shamo- |
employee |
who personates a corpse and collects from Mr.
Woolet the money for his own funeral expenses.
Perhaps his most annoying misadventure hap. |
pened one night when in croasing the Bowery
8 well-dressed young woman, who said she was
astranger in New York, asked him to Mrect
| herto Broadway, Mr. Woolet proceeded to show
views of men and things, and incidentally re- | her, when to hie utter astonishment, she aaid
counts somo of the episodes of a simple,
He is a good soul, upright in
his business relations and strict in the per-
tormance of his social duties, He is devoted |
the amiable Mrs. Woolet, whom he ro-
gards as the flower of her sex. Her por-
trait shows her to be a flower that is full-
He has brought up an Interesting
and has labored fn the Sabbath
Mr. Woolet is in evory
His philosophy is
aimple and his views are somewhat narrow and
his portralt, If portraits go for anything, shows
that he is inclined to dyspepsia, It seems hard
that the Fates should single out such a man as
But the Fates are pro-
verblally unaccountable and Mr, Woolet meets
with many misadventures, He is induced tu
visit a roof garden by a friend with a rubicund

she felt faint, and, before he know what wis
happening, she apun round on her heela and |
feilinto his arma, Then she let outa shrick
like the blast of a steam whistle, a crowd came,
the young woman accused Mr, Woolet of having
assaulted her aud he waa locked up forthe night. }
Next day the blackmalling Jawyer who repre-
sented the woman had the Judge remand him
for another day on the ground that his client
In order to keep his
miaadventure secret Mr. Woolet had given a |
fictitious name in court and had refrained |
from communicating with his family or his
partner and when he finally secured his re-
lease and returned home he met with a recep.
tion that surprised him. His wife was in
hystertes, the children were howling, the house

 

Sade

i ek

Ae

—_

=
E
E
E
=
i €
=
E
E
=
E
E

=
=
i:
2
=
7

 
 
  

 
  

     
  

——— Se

New Publicutions.

TWO NEW NOVELS.

One by the Man who wrote “ Dodo”’—the other by Mr. Howells.

 

    
 
   
      
   
   
   
   
   
       
       
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
      
    
      
   
   
   
   
   
   
        
      
   
   
 
         
    

L AST WEEK something was written here of two
“ excellent tales of adventure, ‘‘A Man of His
Age”’ and **The Rebel.”’

To-day our talk is of two books of another sort
entirely, one a romance, the other—well it’s in a
class by itself, it’s Howells’s.

The romance is by E. F. Benson, who set people
talking some years since by his ‘‘Dodo,”’ a daring
satire on London society. Later he wrote “The Vin-
tage’’ and ‘‘The Capsina,”’ two stories of an entirely
different character from his first effort.

His new book is called

Princess Sophia.

It is a fantastic romance of a principality, the
resources of which are being sapped by gambling.

The reigning princess, Sophia, is the wildest
gamester of them all.

There are scenes in the story which are delight-
fully amusing and others wnich are intensely dra-
matic.

The princess finally-—but this is not a review of
the book and you wouldn't want to read it if we
told you the plot.

The other story—the one by llr. Howells, is

Their Silver
Wedding Journey.

The literary quality of whatever work Mr. Howells }
does scarcely needs our recommendation, and what
we want io emphasize particularly is tite value of this
story to all who are going abroad this summer.

fir. Howells knows the Continent from Nor-
way to the Mediterranean, and we venture to say
that you'll enjoy your trip all the better for having
gone over the ground, or part of it, with Basil March
) and his wife in this delightful story.

We are speaking especially of the popular edition
which is fresh from the press, If you are looking
for a gift for a friend who is going globe-trotting
perhaps you would prefer the Specia! Edition in two
volumes. It has a great many illustrations from
photographs anid drawings by W. T. Smedley and is
altogether as handsome a piece of bookmaking as
one often sees nowadays.

Princess Sophia,
$1.25.

|

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Their Silver Wedding Journey,

| Popular Edition, $1.50; Spectal, 86.00.

HARPER & BROTHERS,

Franklin Square, New York.

    

   

a

:

varaervernernenaty

4th Edition in Press

Qqyereerereerceranrnerenreer erenee ene gerennyenvanete
_ Ol
MARY DEVEREUX’S

Charming Story of Marblehead

“From Kingdom to Colony”

Literary World

It is many a long day since such a,
charming love story has been written,
despite its being historical,

Portland Transcript

A brave heroine, beautiful, fascinating,
inconsistent, wilful, lovable. The ro-
mance isa delightful one.

Boston Journal
Throughout love is dominant, but
itis brave, sweet, true love, and we are
sorry that the book should end so soon,

Philadelphia American

Asa story we have seldom met one
$0 thoroughly delightful. It is a sweet,

:
3
i
true tale of good, strong, noble and lov-
3
=
3
3
3
=
3
3
3
3
=
3
3
=
3
3
Ne

Atlanta Constitution
; Delighttuliy fascinating from start to| ing men and women.
finish,
Boston Courier Chicago Journal
So romantic is the story of those! An excellent story dealing with great
stormy times, and so charmingly tS it) pyonts in the early days of the American

told that one can scarce leave the book |)” tut
ere it Is finished, REVO
Zion’s Herald
The book has a quaint charm, as the
author has caught the atmosphere of the
times.

It is dramatic ina
high degree. The patriotism of the
“embattled farmers” furnishes an atmo-
sphere of lo'ty motives and strenuous
devotion.

 

=
=

“From Kingdom to Colony”

Illustrated by HENRY SANDHAM. {2mo, $1.50.
LITTLE, BROWN & CO., Publishers,

254 Washington Street, Boston.

AMMA AA dAA AOA dbAdAAdAAAUb S40 bNb Abb 1b S40 NAb 0140 S04 UN S40 14d S04 400 db bb

AN INSTANT SUCCESS.

ist edition sold in advance of publication
2nd edition sold in a week after publication

   
    
 

  

        
       
       
   

 
 

Bi

ANOREW BALFOUR,.
Frontispiece in colors by PR, Caton Woodville, Mustrations by John H, J
Size of book 7} x S$ in. Beautirully bound, $1.50,

SECOND EDITION

D. DINKELSPIEL:S Gcnversstionings

*y, lilustrated by
GEO. V. HOBART. F. OPPER.

A book for tired people, betier than a dose of sarsaparilla.

NEW AMSTERDAM BOOK COMPANY.

Beus.

 

  

CI GS

ee ee ae -

ee ES

ee

mewn =e
eee

(

|