eee uae e

Poe eee

en

WAVED TO HER HUSBAND

—_—_—

AND GOT Him IN A FIGHT WITH
ANOTHER MAN,

 

Pleasant Custom of Hotelkeeper Gorman's
Wife Lands Himin the Police Court
for Thrashing an Insurance Adjuster,
Who Took Her Greeting to Himeelf.

This is astory of trouble that occurred be-
cause a woman in a blue gown waved her
hand from the window to her husband, The
woman was Mrs. Edward Gorman, wife of the
proprietor of a Raines law hotel at 608 Sixth
avenue, who lives at 175 West Forty-fifth
street, and she was the only person who
didn't have ashare in the denouement tin the
West Side police court yesterday afternoon,
whither Gorman was haled on a charge of have
{ng assaulted James Perret, an insurance ad-
juater, of 341 West Nineteenth street,

With Perret in court was Herbert Marshall,
an {nsurance adjuster of Orange, N. J. Gor-
man wasin custody of Policeman Lynch, who
had arrested him in Broadway near Forty-fifth
street. Porret’s face was badly bruised and
he was almost too excited to talk. .

“What's the matter, Mr. Perret?” asked the
Magistrate, as he read the complaint.

“This man,” said Perret, vigorously swab-
bing his face with a blood-stained handker-
ehief, “struck me in the face, I'll tell the
whole story. Mv friend, Mr. Marshall, and I
got off a Madison avenue car at Forty-fifth
street. My friend had an errand on Forty-
fourth street, but we came through the other
@treet by mistake, We had almost reached
Broadway when I looked up and across tho
atreet I saw a woman In a blue frock waving
her hand from the window. I waved my hand
at her. A moment later this man, Gorman
came upto us and asked me if | knew whom
was waving my hanito, Lsaid I didn’t.

“That's my wife,’ he said, ‘Perhaps you
havea wife. How would you like to see men
waving their hands to her?’

“Teald I was very sorry and I apologized at
once, telling him I had no tdea the woman was
hie wife. I didn't knowthe man. Thad never
seen him before. He seemed contented with
the apology. and we were walking on when he

truck mein the face and knocked ne down,

had thia policeman arrest him.”

Marshall told the same atory as Perret, Tha
policeman only knew that he hadseen Perret
assaulted. .

“What have you got to say, Gorman?” asked
Magistrate Meade.

Gorman shot a.scornful glance at the two in-
eres men and squared his shoulders “Well
I had puat left tho OU he sald. When {
reached tho corner I turned around as
always do, and.waved my hand to my wife, who

was in the window. She waved her hand at
me, Then J saw this man waving his hand at
y wife. I went overtohimand asked him tf

e knew the woman was my wife. He said he
didn't and apologized, but both men kept look-
{nz backward, and lasked this man, Perret,
how he would like to seeaman waving his
hand at his wife

“Oh, vou're not 60 much,’ he sald witha
sneer. He went down hard and when I picked
him up he called a policeman and had ine ar-
rested. Any other man with a decent wifa
whom he respected would have done what I

id,

“It's too bad that you took the law in your
own bunds,” remarked Magistrate Meade,
“You ought to have refrained from striking
him and had him arrested,”

"Well, wouldn't you have punched him?”
asked Gorman in the best of humor.

‘The Magistrate didn't reply to the question,
but said that asGorman had odmitted striking
Perret, there was nothing to do but to hold
him for trial in Special Sessions. He put Gor-
man under $300 bail, but as Gorman pleaded
that he had important Lusiness to attend to
he paroled him in the custody of a lawyer tll
he could secure a bondsman. Perret wae atill
wiping his bloody face when he left the court
room,

O'GRADY KILLS HER

MIs, CUB,

 

Carried It About Overmuch From Solicitude
for lis Rafety Near a Tigress,
Mrs. O'Grady, the spotted leopard, who pre-
@ented a pairof cubs tothe Central Park Men-
ageile a few days aco, killed one of the
youngsters yesterday by biting it too hard
while carrying it in her mouth across the caga
floo. When she saw that the cub was dead
ashe worried about the other and carried it
about the cage until she had nearly killed ft,
too. Mra. O'Grady seomed to think that Allee,
the tigress in the next esge, had designs on
her offspring. Qecasionally she dropped tha
little oma on the floor to spring witha grow! at
the bars separating her from the tigress, The
keendrs tInaliv drove visitors out of the Jion
houge and earpenters boarded up the leopard's
ca so a8 to allay her fears that some one
wenid efeal her baby.

MARINE INTELLIGENCE,

MINIATURE ALMANAC}'THIS DAY,

 

          

 

Sun rises "2h Sunsets 6:37) Moonrises 4:49
HiGil WATER=THIS DAY
Bandy Hook..6.50)Goy Vd 7.51) tell Gate 0:24
Arrived—FRIDAY, April 13
8s Columbia, Vogel scsane, Hambure, April 5,
Ss Rhein, Gathemann, | nen, Mareh $l
Ss lndta, Hinehe, Gus mo, April 8
Ss Kamir Prince, Smy March 21
Ss Kura, Wilson, Cardiff M 7
Ss Potomac, \ on, Livery March 28
Ss Trojan Prin lagleston, Leghorn, Mareh 21,

  

Ss Gleng@oll, Davidson, Swanser, Mareh 24

Ss Excelstor, Muller, Bremen, Mareh 20

Ss Havensdale, O'Connes|, Pr greso, April 4.
§s Inchmona, Ashby, Ran@®oon, Jan 4

Ss Prins Willem JT, Sibbelee, Paramartbo, March 21,
Ss Hildur, Musaus, Manzan!to, April}

Ss Reading, Fishley, Marse!iles. Mareh 11.
Ss New York Proctor, San Doniigs, April t.
Ss Vigilaneia, Reynolds, Campeche, Maren 30.
8s Maraval, Purdie, Trintt od, A ;
Ss Sandsend, Clare, Manche

S83 Phabus, itor

     

ri, A ’
ace Pile, Reed,

  

 

 

I i \ 17
is Ciiar ir April it
( 11
Swain, t April 12
\, tra \ 1
f pril
Mitt "
renstown
i pies
liverpool,
Tr
‘ tl uth
WW ' ' '
Ss Financ né
Ss Theiits, f 1 mit \ \
OUTGOIN AMSHIPS,
Today
Mais Close. Vessel Sails.
Ftruria, Livernool 300PM
Maasdam, Rotterdam . WOO AM
Werra, Naples 1IOO AM
Island, Christiania 1OOPM
Menom| Londen ’ VO0OAM
Penney ia, Hambure 330PM

 

Colorado, Hull

 
 

 

Fontabelle, St. Thomas PSOAM 1200M
Havana, ilavans WHO AM 100PM
Lavenburg, Nuevitas trooPM AO0OPM
Altai, Jamaica WOO AM 12200M
Toliaman Martinique o00 AM 1100 AM
Handel, Pernambuco 60 M 800 AM
Riverton, La Plata oOoPM 400PM
Fl Dorado, New Orie R00PM
Nueces, Gelveston a00PM
Knickerboeker New Orl'n 300P M
Sali Monday, April 1

Pretoria, Permuda SOO AM 1900
Bem!nole, Charleston 300 # M

Sail Tuesday, April t?,
Lahn, Bremen, 700AM

wan
El Cid, New Orleans 1OOAM

s00PM

INCOMING STRAMSHIPS,
Due To-day

Gladiolus Gibraltar...

 

   

 

 

Hispania Stett!n Maren 28
Marengo Neweastle Mareh 20
Wells City Swansea . March 27
ueen Margaret St. Lucia..ses April 3
tate of Nebraska Glasgow March 31
Milano Ilavre March 28
Cainpania eevee. Liverpool, April 7
New York......-...- Sou April 7
Orinoco Bern April 11
Due To-morrow,
La Gaseogne Havre April
6t. Germain Havre ' April 3
Pretoria... Plymouth... April
Due Monday, April 16.
Amsterdam Rotterdam April
Anchorta....... GIASROW. .. Abr $
Belgravia.. Hamburg April 4
Cufic.. ‘ Li | April 6
Thornhill I r ° April 1
Excelsior New Orleans. April 10
Antilia eomrorere Nassau April 11
Algonqutn..... Jacksonville April 18
Due Tuesday, April 17.
Kensington....... Antwerp April
Philadeiphia........ . San Juan April 3
Boston City ° Swansea April 4
Adirondack Port Limon April 10
Hudson New Orleans April 11
Concho ‘ oe Galveston April 11
Maskeiyne Pryry ey St. Lucia April 10
Kl Rilo New Orleans April 12
Capri Barbados April 12
Runo Sunderland April 3
Due Wednesday, April 14.
Teutonic Liverpool April ti
Thomas Turnbull Gibraltar April 4
Mandalay ’ Gibraltar \pril 4
Hubert Para April 6
Andes Jamaica . April 12
Finance Calon April 11
Bremen Hremen April 7
Due Thursday, April 19,
Kaiser Wilhelm If (il Draltar .\.-Apell 10
Puvtlac...o....eevereee Gibraltar... ye April 6

iene aes
a 7 — ee ———— — ————

 

      

NEW BOOKS,

 

 

Continued from Seventh Page.

was full of detectives and the Coroner was on
hand. A tramp had been washed ashore dead,
Jald out at the morgue, and positively identl-
fied by a friend of the familyas A, Welllng-
ton Woolet. Sixteen dealers in mourn
ing goods had sent clerks with samples
to Mrs. Woolet, while a number of
florists, several patent casket manufact-
urers, three embalmers and a Philadelphia
obituary poet had called in person. The apex
of bis grief was reachod when an evening
paper, in its baseball edition, appeared with @
paragraph with the simple caption “Sloped
With a Blonde.” This set forth the statement
that the hitherto respected citizen and mor-
chant, A. Wellington Woolet, whose mysterious
disappearance had been reported, had salled
for Europe with a fair-hatred female com-
panton, leaving a worthy family, @ circle of
church acquaintances and a host of creditors to
mourn his absence, Which shows that the
most estimable of elderly gentlemen should be
on their guard after dark against falr-haired
young women, who ask the way to Broadway
and describe themselves as strangers in New
York.

There is noman living who has written more
delightfully with more intimate knowledge of
the wild life of the North American woods than
Mr. Ernest Seton- Thompson, whose "Wild An-
{mals I Have Known” and “Tho Trail of the
Sandhill Stag” have charmed many readers,
while they and his earlier studies of the birds
and mammals of Manitoba have established
hia position as artist, naturalist and writer. In
“The Biography of a Grizzly” (the Century
Company) Mr. Seton-Thompson tells the life
story of Metevtsee Wabb, the giant king of one
of the ranges on the Graybull, inthe wildeet
part of the wild West, from babyhood, through
the years of his great strength to old age and
the last journey to Death Gulch, The volume
ie illustrated with seventy-five drawings by tho
author. The designs for title-page, cover and
general make-up were done by Mra, Grace
Gallatin Seton-Thompson.

“Love's Dream; or Did Ho Mean te Wrong
Her?” (J. 8. Ogilvic Publishing Company), by
Mra. Eben F. Champney, tells the life story of
Vivian Courtney and the young Earl Berkley.
She was young and beautiful and he was mar-
ried. They loved feverishly, but with a cer-
tain qualified restraint. His wife unfeelingly
rofused to die or otherwise obliterate herself,
anit eo the fair Vivian drowned herself. Itis a
sad tale, rendered even sadder by the manner
of {ts telling. “The Doctor's Story,” which also
finds a piace In the volume, concerns itselfwith
thy strange case of Mrs, Smith, who was
temporarily {ndisposed and who believed that
there were devils in the house, Through the
efforts of the doctor she was restored to her
husband in perfect health. The final sentence
tella us that “Mrs. Smith has increased her
family considerably, but she has shown no
further symptome of insanity.”

In “The Fate-Spinner” (E. B. Mortlock) Miss
Lawrence Alma-Tadema has succeeded in
druwing rather cleverly acertain type of nar-
row- minded, ultra-virtuous and morbidly en-
vious British married woman. It 1s done with
the relish women take in dissecting women
whom they do not like, The story ts the come
monplace one of a husband and wife who drift
apart and seek consolation in extra-conjugal
attachment. Though the date is put at the
beginning of the century what color the char-
acters have ig modern, and tho sentimentality
and morality of Miss Alna-Tadema’s version
ot “Dio Wahlverwandschaften” is that of the
present decadent school She employs some
lurid melodrama effects and some chromolike
deseriptions, but the tale turns entirely on the
soul problem, It gives the unpleasant imprese
sion that some scandal that has really oe-
curred is recounted, and that people who know
can give their right names to the characters,

There should be room in the pack of every
minor and prospector for gold or silver for @
handy litt'e volume entitléd “Field Testing
for Gold and Silver” (D, Van Nostrand Com-
pany), by Mr. William Hamilton Merritt, F.
G.8. This invaluable practical manual for
prospectors and miners is the direct outeome
of classes held by Mr. Merritt for prospectors,
Part II. (Practical: Mineralogy) gives an out-
line of instructions in tho main seientiflo
principles involved in prospecting work, Only
so much chemistry is given as is involved in
the comprehension of what a mineral is; suffi.
cient mineralogy to enable one to look up @
mineral in a mineralogical text-book, together
with some simple confirmatory blow-pipe
tests, and enough geology to comprise the
characteristic of the more common rocks,
With the simple, cheap and portable apparatus
deseribed, and by following the practical ine
structions contained in Purt I. the operator may
get deflnite results in the fleld, quite equal to
the ordinary assay asconducted in the Jabora-
tory, with its expensive and stationary appil-
ances, The volume is fllustrated.

“Sylva,” by Elizabeth G. Crane (The A. D, F.
Randolph Company), is a collection of short
poema and sonnets indicating much facility in
rhyming. and grace rather than strength, As
its name shows, the snbiect of the poems is
rustic and sylvan, and a love of nature anda
study of her differing forms is apparent
throughout the little book, The two poems,
“Wind antl “Gentian,” commend themselves
especially to notice,

Messrs, Doubleday, Page & Co, publish 4
“Players’ Edition” of “The Taming of the
Shrew,” as produced by the late Augustin Daly.
Miss Ada Rehan writes an introduction and the
yolume contains a number of photographie
{Justrations, among which are portraits of
Miss Rehan as Katharine, and one of Mr. John

 

Drew as Jefruclao in striped: trousers anda
boautifully cured wig

“The Klondike Stampele” (Harpers) fs by
Mr. Tappan Adney, special correspondent of
Harper's Weehiv in Tho Klondike, Mr, Adney

tells an oft told tale entertainingly ant well
and the volunie is profusely illustrated,

We have also received:

“Their Silver Wedding Journey,
Edition. W. D. Howells. (Harpers.)

“Adam Grigson.” Mrs, Henry de la Pasture,
(Harpers)

“The Romance of Robert Burns.” (Wright
& Co.)

“Cotton Tails,”
(R. HH. Russell.)

“Iptroduction to
(Seribners.)

“The Making of Character,
tional Aspects of Ethics,”
M.A... LL. D. (Maemillans,)

“Let There Be Light. The Story of a Work-
ing Men's Club, Its Search for the Causes of
Poverty and Social Inequality, its Discussions,
and {ta Plan for the Amelioration of Existing
Evils.” David Lubin, (Putnams,)

“Kennedy of Glephaugh, Being tho faith-
ful history of the strange happening that
befell Master John Kennedy, Seventh Laird of
Glenbaugh, in the year of Grace 178), and set
forth by Adam Gillicuddy, Factor and General
Steward at Glenhaugh.” David Maciure, Illus
trated. (The Mershon Company.)

“Red Biood and Blue.” Harrison Robertson,
(Seribners,)

“The Valley of the Great Shadow.” Annie
E. Holdaworth. (A. 8, Stone & Co

“The Princess Sophia.” E. F. Benson, (Har-
pers.)

“The Trials of the Bantocks.”
(John Lane.)

“Adrienne de Portalis.” Archibald Clavering
Gunter, (The Home Publishing Company.)

“Living by the Spirit.” Horatio W. Dresser,
(Putnams.)

“Total Eclipses of the Sun.”
Todd. (Little, Brown & Co.)

“The Spiritual Life. Studies in the Science
of Religion.” George A, Coe, Ph. D, (Eaton &
Mains.

Popular

George A, Deckenbaugh.

Fthies.” Frank Thilly,

John MacCunn,

 

G. 8. Street,

Mabel Loomis

J. D. Merserean Gets an Absolute Divorce.

Justice Leaventritt of the Supreme Court has
granted Joshua D, Mersereau an absolute di-
vorece from his wife Kosa Heilbron Arnold
Mersereau. They were married in Washing-

ton on Dec, 21, 1805, but since then have re-
sided inthis city, They have nochildren, Mr,
Mersereau, who lives at the New Amsterdam
Hotel, is President of a company whose busi-
ness is the renovating of hotel furnishings,

PPT,

aes

+ an Nth ae

Naar
av

 

 

Some F.lnea- |

 

ALARMS SOME MIDWIVES.

os

THEY FLOCK 10 OITY HALE TO
OPPUSE THE PLUNKITT BILL,

 

Measure Would Compel Them All to Pass
Examination as to Their Fitness At
Hearing Yesterday Things Were Told to
Mayor Van Wyck That Surprised Him.

Mayor Van Wyck gave a hearing yesterday
on Senator Plunkitt’s bill providing that no
person shall practice midwifery In thie city
without having passed an examination before
a commisalon of physicians to be appoloted by
the Board of Health, A delegation from the
Midwives’ Association, headed by August P.
Wagener, ita counsel, appeared to ask the
Mayor to veto the bill, because of the section
which provides that persons who have been in
practice must undergo the examination as well
as all new applicants, Wagener said thot no
midwife objected to the bill, except that under
its provisions many persone of experience who
might not be able to pass the technical exams
inatlon would be excluded from practice.

Dr. Koberts, representing the Board of
Health; Supt. Jenkins of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children, and Senator
Plunkitt spoke in favor of the bill. Dr, Roberta
explained that under the existing laws the
Board of Health had no power except to accept
the diploma of any Incorporated college and
{asne a license to the holder of it. Senator
Plunkitt said that ignorunt, ervel and avari-
cious practitioners by their Improper acts were
rosponsitde for much unhappiness. Mr. Jen-
king sald that his society was heartily in favor
of the bill, which, he declared, would work no
hardship to any honest person.

“Now,” suld the Mayor, “you women aro
afraid that a commission of doctors might bar
you from practice in order to help their own
profession, If I sign itand that happens and
{tis reported to me, I will tell the Board of
Health to remove the commission, and if the
board wont act, Iwill remove it. I will see
that justice ig done no matter how many

heads havo to failin the basket,’

A German woman told the Mayor that the
profession of midwifery was in a disgraceful
condition in New York,
college,” she sald, “and paid $200, and never
waw the body of a woman or ut child
or even a Woman's bone nen I
got my diploma! would not dare to practise,
and there are many women just like that. t
went abroad to sttdy and when Icam@ bae
knew what I showld have known before. It
makes my heart bleed to go into some Notses
and see the poor women theré, and uo one, who
knows anythiug, toattend them. Theyre are
midwives who don't know anything and they
urea oing murder every day. Every one ought
to be examined.”

Wagener tried totell the Mayor that the mid-
wife really wanted to have practising members
of the profeasion exempted from the operation
of the law. She denied this and said she was
ready to take an examination atany time and
thought that all othera should be

hy fs not something done to. atop this col- |

lege that turns out diplomas without giving any
instruction?” asked the Mayor, “I know @

diploma in lawor medicine or midwifery can |

be bought at any time and may mean nothing,
but we don’t want sucha college in this city.
Can't. your society do aomothing? Can't the
Board of Health doanything? Isn't there any
power in this cl*y to stop thia thing?”

“We have tried to stop it,” said Supt. Jenkins
“but the collewe she refers to is incorporated
and that protects the man who runs it,’

“Incorporated at Albany, I suppose,” sald the

Mayor, “A good many bad things come from
there, But we must be able to stop it in this

city.
Business Totiecs.

“A gacred burden ts the Ife ye beat.’ Mave the
Devilsof disease purged outof itat the LAFAYETTE
PLACE BATHS (Near 4th St.) For men only,
Open day and night.

DIBD.

 

COLT.—Suddenly, on April 12,1990, BE. Boudinot
Colt, son of the late John Colt and Eliza Pintard
Boudinot.

Funeral services at Ascension Church, 10th st. and
5th av., New York, Saturday morning, April 14,
1900, at 11:30 o'clock. Interment private,

GARDNER,.—At EF) Paso, Tex. April 10, 1900,
Andrew Bigelow Gardner, youngest son of George
H. and Elizabeth Pickford Gardner, in his 20th
year

Funeral April 16, 1990, at 10 A.M. from the
Church of Puritans, Fifth av. and 139th st

M’CREADY.—Margaret A., youngest daughter of
the late Thomas L. and Emily A. McCready and
granddaughter of the late Benjamin W McCready,
M.D.

Funeral services at her late residence, 138 West
12th st., Saturday, April 14, 10900, atl P.M.

NEELY.-—At Bower, VN. C., on April 12, 1900, Mary
Atwater, widow of the late Rev, (i, W. Neely and
stepmother of Mrs. Alice M. Houghton, Arthur
C, Neely and F. Tennyson Neely and sister of Pro-
fessor Amal Atwater, John Atwater, Howard
Truedly and Frederick Truedly. Quincey, Fla;
Mentor, Cleveland and Cincinnall, Ohio; Conners
ville and Indfanapolis, Ind.; and Chicago, Iil.,
papers please copy.

Funeral will take place at Bower, N. C., on
Sunday, April 15, 1990,

OSGOOD,-—On Thursday, April 12, 1990, Dean J,
Osgood, In his 50th year, Will be burled Saturday
morning.

Interment private. Kindly omit flowers.

WALSH, —At his residence, Bay 25th st., near Bath

ay., Bensonhurst, oa Friday morning, April 13, |

1900, W. 1. Walsh, In the 53d year of his age.

Funeral from St. Findar's Church, Bay 20th st
and Bath av , ati o'clock on Monday, April, 16,
1900, Interment at Calvary Cemetery

WHITE,-—On Thursday evening, April 12, 1900,
Margaret, youngest daughter of Arthur and Mary
Beecher’ White, aged 14 months.

[SE KENSICO CEMETRRY.—Private station, Har-
lem Railroad; 43 minutes’ ride from the Graud
Office, 16 Kast 42d st

Religions Notices,

ST, STEPHEN'S CHURC",

(Transfiguration Chanel),
22, 124, 186, 128 Wer! Oth Street,

REV. NATHAN A. SEAGLE,

7:30, 090A. M.—Holy Communion,
11 A, M.—Moralng Prayer, Sermon and
munion,
4 P. M.—Sunday School Festival
Special Easter Muste, Organ, Plano and Violin
accompaniments,

Central Depot,

 

 

'
Holy Com-

'y LOOMINGDALE REFORMED CHURCH, Broad-

way and 68th st. Edward B. Coe, D. D, Senior
Minister of the Collegiate Church, will preach atll
A.M. and $P M. on baster Sunday,
CxueRcH OF THE MESSIALL, 54th st. cor. Park
/ av.~—Service at 11 A.M. Dr. Minot J. Savage
will preach, Subject: “Immortality.”
at 10 o'clock in the \ napel.
cordially Invited,
{HURCH OF THE NEW JERUSALEM, East 35th
st., between Park and Lexington avs., the Hey,
Jullan ik. Suayth, Pastor--Baster servicesat 11 A. M.;
pdmint tathon of the rite of confirmation and celebra-
tion of the Holy Supper. Subject of sermon by the
pastor, "ihe ‘Threefold Easter Benediction.” Chil-
dren's Easter services, 3:30). M

‘RACE CHURCA, Broadway, corner 10th st.
G Holy Communion, ® A, M, ’ F 10th st,
Karly Morning Prayer and Sermon, 6.0’. lock

Later Evensong, 4 o'clock,

All sittings frae,

t Sunday sehvol
Entrance Park ay. All

 
 
   

R
peaks at Merrit Hall, &th av &

f luth
Sunday, 3.30, on "The Regn of an Anar ,

Ist.

st.,

New Publications,

READY

“Myself I went to a |

Recior. |

THE ECUMENICAL CONFERGNCE,

 

Great Demand for Tickete-Foreiga Dele-
gates Arriving.

So great ie the interest in the Ecumenical

Jonference on Foreign Missions, to begin in

this city on April 21, that already the tickets |

for two of the principal meetings are ex-
hausted. These are the great student meet-
ins, to be held on the morning and afternoon
of the 28th. At least flve other principal meet-
ings, among them the opening one on Monday
morning, when the regular seasions begin,

are now being {asued for the Central Presby-
terian Church, Filty-seventh atreet near Eighth
avenue, Other meetings, without tickets, have

been arranged for the Fifth Avenue and the
Madison Avenue Presbyterian Churches, the
Broadway Tabernacle, Union Methodist, (al-
vary Baptist, the Maison Avenue Reformed
Church and the Church of the Strangers,
ginning to arrive. Among thoae already here
ure the Rev, Timothy Hichard, identified so
closely with the development, of Christian
literature in China: Dr Harry Guinness, Lon-
don, of the
pioneer work in Africa; Mr. Bridgeford of the
North Africa Mission, carrying on work among
the Moslems of Algiers, Tunis, Tripoli and
Moroceo and Duncan, Maclaren and Mra,
MacLaren. weil known In Scotch Preabyterian
work. The Kev, Wardlaw Thompson, secre-
tary of the London Missionary Society, and
Miss Corrinne Shattuck, missionary of the
Amerienn Board at Urfa, Turkey, are due to-
day. Plana are maturing to have prominent
foreign delegates, famous missionaries, and
American delegates who tre active in mission-
ary affairs at home, occupy Manhattan, Brook.
lyn and suburban New York pulpits of the
two Sundays covered by the pepiorenee dates
These plans are completed Jor many of the
leading churches, vo

 

Steamer Fall River Disabled,

New Lonpoy, Conn., April 15.—The steamer
Fall River, Capt. Hazard, bound from Fal! Kiver
for New York with a cargo of sixty carloads of
freight, became disabled off Watch Hill soon
after miduight by the bronking of her shaft
There were no passengers aboard the Fall
River, The steamer Brockton, which tollows
the Fall River out of her home port, overtook
he Sieabled steamer and towed her to this

arbor.

 

Rew Publicntions,

RARARAOOS

Annan nnne

Dodd, Mead & Co.’s
NEW BOOKS:

Feo
By MAX PEMBERTON,

Author of “The Garden of Swords,"’
‘Kronstadt,’’ ete., ete.

12mo, cloth, illustrated, $1.50.

This new novel by the author of “Kron-
stadt” and “The Garden of Swords” has
been running serially both in England and
in America.

“Feo” treats of the infatuation of Prince
Jerome fora young opera singer and the
romantic consequences of his passion. The
pier ing scenes of the story are enacted in

ondon and Paris.

 

 

The Alabaster Box

By SIR WALTER BESANT,
Author of “The Orange Girl,”’ ete.
12mo, cloth, illustrated, $1.50.

This isa story of settlement life, and in
it is shown from actual knowledge and ob-
Servation the effect of the life upon the
workers.

History of Scotland

By ANDREW LANG.

To be completed in 3 volumes, Vol. I. now

ready, 8vo, cloth, $3.50 ne}.

This is the first volume of an important
and authoritative history of Scotland. Mr,
Lang is himse!f a Scot, and imparts a fervor
and an interest to the narrative quite his
own,

 

Problems of Life

By LYMAN ABBOTT.
12mo, eloth, $1.50.

This book is made up of selections from
the writings of Lyman Abbott. They bear
directly upon certain problems of life and
character with which every man is sooner
or later confronted.

Down North

By MARGARET W. MORLEY.
A sketch of travel.
12mo, cloth, illustrated, $1.50,

 

|

 

This is a record of travel in Nova Scotia
and along the north coast, by an acute and
sympathetic observer,

At All Bookstores,

Dodd, Mead & Co.,

Publishers, New York.

 

_ —

Guide Books

PHRASE BOOKS

and VOCABULARIES
in all Languages.

BRENTANO'S,

j 31 UNION SQUARE, NEW YORK,

NEXT TUESDAY.

The Most Remarkable Book of The Year.

The Unknown

By CAMILLE

FLAMMARION.

If you have been interested in the accounts-of recent remarkable
manifestations of psychical phenomena you will want to own this

book.

It is an eminent scientist’s study of all such phenomena.

Dreams, Manifestations of the Dying, Telepathic Communications,
etc., are all scientifically yet popularly discussed.

82.00

HARPER & BROTHERS, New York, N. Y.

i fBref * y rs ee a2 ks atc oe
CRA Lo AR My AAG Kyte “Bitte ma

 

LOOT LOLOL LE IE OT TN TOPOL

sd f SBA
slik 0 mci ih 8G

Foreign delegates to the conference are be. ,

East Side Institute, whieh has done |

   
   
   
     
         
       
      
       
        
      
   
    

Mew Publications.

PARAAR AAA aw
- AO A AARA AAA a

A NOTE ABOUT Jj. M. BARRIS
| NEW STORY “TOMMY AND GRIZEL.”

have well nigh exhausted the ticket supply. In |
order to accommodate a larger number tickets

The effect of a serial story upon the circulation of a magazine is a matter not easy to determine and one
Som: of the most successful stories selling in book
form, upwards of 100,090, hive produced no very marked effet upon circulation during their serial publication.
It isa matter of interest therefore when a real and almost immediate effect on circulation can be traced toa
single story—an effect that shows itse!f not only 01 the regular edition, but on the Engiish edition as well, And
this is notably the fact in the case of J. M. Barrie’s new serial story “Tommy and Grize!,” now running in
Scribner’s Magazine. It is possible that some of the recent marked increase (particularly in the English Edition)
might bs due to the illustrated Boer war articles that hive been appearing in the sume numbers with Barrie's
story, for these articles have naturally attracted a very special attem'ion at this tims. But inasmuch as new sub.
scribers and purchaszys at the newsstands ask for the earlizr nunbers containing Barrie's story, it is evident that
the gain in circulation caa b: accredited chiefly to the growing interest in “Tommy and Grizel”—an interest
that extends to Mr. Barrie’s former story, “Szotimental Tommy,” which is in its hundredth thousand, and of
which the publishe rs are how i suing a special new paper-covered edition of $0,009 copies.

With every installment of “Tommy and Grizel” the circle of readers grows larger, and it is now referred to as

THE GREAT SERIAL OF THE YEAR

As the later story of Tommy's life develops it bezones more important to new subscribers who have
previously read “Sentimental Tommy” to have the earlier chapters of “Tommy and Grizel,” and accordingly to

about which there is considerable difference of opinion.

ee

April number.
THE

      

WE have just issued what we be-
lieve is the finest popular {

work on wild flowers ever |
published, “Nature’s Garden,” by
Neltje Blanchan.

To begin with it’s absolutely dif-
ferent from any of its predecessors,
laying great stress upon the marvel-
lous relations between plants and in-
sects—never before treated adequately
except in technical works. The ways
in which flowers attract insects, and
the part the latter play in the preser-
vation of plant species, are fascinat-
ing subjects, which the author of “Bird
Neighbors” and “Birds that Hunt
and are Hunted” has described with
admirable clearness and effect.

Then the wealth of illustrat:ons,
in color and black apd white, are
drawn entirely from photographs of
the living flower, thus being abso-
lutely exact. The colored plates in
particular not only offer an imme-
diate means of identification (ably
assisted by the author’s ingenious
classifications: according to Color,
Month of Blooming, Locality, and
Proper Families), but are real
works of art.

The immediate appreciation ac-
corded the volume has made it im-
possible to fill our orders (even a
thousand copies of the book require
the insertion by hand of 80,000 plates
in addition to the usual routine).
The first 2,500 copies has been ex-
hausted, leaving the demand still |
unsupplied; but the books are bein |
manufactured as fast as possible aa
we hope to get a sufficient number
in hand next week.

It’s a magnificent volume, 7} x 10}
in size, handsome paper and bind-
ing. Price $3.00 net.

DOUBLEDAY, PAGE & CO,,

34 UNION SQUARE EAST,
NEW YORK CITY.

Bangs & Co.,

91 and 93 Fifth Avenue,
WILL SELL AT AUCTION

Monday, April 16, and following
days, at 3 o’clock each day: |

A Notable Collection of
Rare Books,
including A PRIVATE LIBRARY

Comprising AMERICANA, Collec-
tions Relating to New York, and
VERY RARE SPECIMENS of the first
printing In New York by WILLIAM
BRADFORD.

First Editions of American and
English Authors; Early Printing.

Croller Club Publications.

A complete set of the beautiful books

from the KELMSCOTT PRESS.

The most Important collection of
Rudyard Kipling’s rarer works ever
offered at auction, also handsome
sets of standard works in general |
literature. |

The New Yorkers and Other People.

Sy Frances AYMAR MATHEWS.
cloth. $1.50

“The different stories show marked variance of |
style, and are shaded with a delicate touch that
brings humor and feeling into contrasting relief.
In several of them the drawing Is bold and strong,
and the characters stand out with the distinctness
of ife."'- Phila, Telegraph

 

Svo,

THIRD EDITION, |

TWO SUMMER GIRLS AND I.

By Tueo, BurRT SAYRE. 16mo, cloth,
1,25.

“The reader will find it hardly possible to help |
yleiding himself to the volatile and cheerful
spirit. . One remarks here, if not the In- |
fluence, at least the smartness of ‘Dodo.’ . ;
These people are modern and alive, Everybody
knows them, and everybody who has trouble

 

wishes he could be as cheerful. "~N. Y. Sun.
Sold by all Booksellers, Sent, post-
paid, by

GODFREY A. S. WIENERS,
662 Sixth Ave, New York.

A complete assortment of

TER CARDS and NOVELTIES

to be closed out regardless of cost.

HENRY MALKAN’S Bookstore,

A Willtum ot., Hanover aq.
Te). 1121 Broad,

pe

SUBSCRIPTION

“‘Nature’s Garden.”

3°

aE a TLCS! PRATT NS RAE Ls Ae oe Ma
: etal oe Oy ats ahi ls P
pdt a cai wre 172 ick tf os c 4 Nb as bw

provide for this demand the publishers make the following

SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT AND OFFER

The installments of ‘Tommy and Grise!”’ that appeared in the January, February and March Scribner’s,
comprising the first ten chapters, hav2.bzen reprinted by the publishers in pamphlet form, and this pamphlet qwill
be presented free of charge to all sendin7 a year’s subscription to S:ribner’s Magasine, beginning With the

PRICE TO SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE

CHARLES SCRIBNER’S SONS, Publishers, New York.

IS $3.00 A YEAR,

tay

   

 

Rew Publications.

ee Os SR nasa

  
    
   
      
     
 
     
      
       
  
   
   
   
    
    

 

NOW READY.

Owing to the very large first edition and the fact that the book 1s printed in
two colovs ana a tint the issue has been necessarily delayed.

THE BIOGRAPHY

Ww
A
H
B

On

OF A GRIZZLY

AND 75 DRAWINGS

BY ERNEST SETON-THOMPSON
Author of “ Wild Animals I Have Known,” etc.

than
Known,
the

z
a

"i
(

i
&

 

8
fe

t

i
3
[

=

and we thank and praise
story is in the first rank of ani

Nothing could be less imitative of the “ Jungle
this story by the author of “ Wild Animals I Have

ui
i
E
F

Books”
a different way Mr.

”
fn
i and Savage o Ameties very anaes Ge mame

[
:
|

New York Tribune.

Square 12mo, printed in red and black, with twelve

insets in tint, and with marginal illustrations. Price,

1.50.

 

NOTES ABOUT NEW BOOKS

‘¢Sailing Alone Around the
World,” by Captain Joshua Slocum, is
a remarkable book. Just think,—46,000
miles, alone, in a little sloop forty feet
long! A group of Boston sea-captains
and pilot commissioners say it ought to
be classed among the great voyages of
discovery. And the humor of it!—Mar-
ryat is not more amusing. Indeed, the
New York Evening Post says that we
have to go back to Marryat for anythin
like it. Beautifully illustrated. ($2.00.

Three new novels have jast been
brought out by TheCenturyCo, ** The
Autoblograp y of a Quack,” by Dr. S.
Weir Mitchell, is a strange story of arogue
who lived by his wits. (Price $1.25).
The authors of the other novels are new

 

to the public. £6 Bra@ry
is the oo of a Rew ogi
whose faith came to be by

14

he thought was the of his
onl cm RF RS
with humor and pictures of Hife.
The Timec-Herald says that

“a more convincing picture of American
village life has never been writ
(Price $1.50). The other new

‘Kate Wetherill” is a strong story of
a woman, bronght up in a manafactering
village, who marries @ man who is her
inferior and from whom she grows apart.
“In the manner of the telling and the ar-
tistic develo t of the -
the Phila, North American, “it reaches

if

§

high above the average novel.” (§1.25.))
Sold by all booksellers. Published by

THE CENTURY CO., NEW YORK

 

 

"

Four Notable Books of Fiction

TO. HAVE AND TO HOLD

175th Thousand

PRISONERS OF HOPE

These two remarkable historical novels by Miss MARY JOHNSTON are
steadily increasing in popularity. Price of each, $1.50,

ROBERT TOURNAY

A Romance of the French
illustrations.

Cities,"
ing character

Tales of the Far North.

ture of Netion

and romance

Sold by all Booksellers.

HOUGHTON, MIFFLIN & CO., Boston,
i E. 17th St., New York.
0 940F650669509066O9 968 06O0S 004069059900 F0FO OC OOHE NTE

| }{0OKS—All out-of print books supplied, no mat)
Write me, stating books |
ou any book ever published, |

 

 

ter on what subject.
wanted, I can get
When in Engiand call and inspect my stock of
OvO0 rare = ie
Biruinghaw, laad

Revolution.

Crown 8vo, $1.50.

Ibis story has much of the interest of Dickens's Freneh R ory. "AT "
rhe spirit and atmosphere of that wemendous fine o Recsieuen, story, “A Tale of Two

patriotic, well nigh omnipresent, fertile in resource, . }
aristocratic lady he loves. The story Is full of incident and Is told wine cane

THE SON OF THE WOLF

By JACK LONDON,
Mr. London, a born story teller, here makes the first contribution from Alaska to the litera

The stories are based on his exverlence and observatio t
tain vivid pletures of Iife in the vicinity of twe Yukon, with {ts ory ens, barackiee her

BAKEN'S GREAT BOOKSHOP, | 50:

By WILLIAM SAGE. With

Tournay jaa fascinat

Crown 8vo, $1.50.

and con

ius

Sent, postpaid, by

3 See PRTVSSPSSS SH SES POTESOSSHOSCHSCOOSEOOOOS

Rooks Large, choice collection old book
Novels, Magazines; exceptionally low 4
O'SHEA, [584 broadway

. Augussine’s Confesstons,’ Atha ' q
VUrations '’ Pascal's Letters, PRATT, 164 6uarte

UO I NAT REEMA Me rOON,