}

 

LE

——--

VOL, LXVIIL—NO, 112.

—— TT

THE TREATY IS

VOTE WAS 55 70 18, SIX MORE THAN
THE NECESSARY TWO-THIRDS.

Amendments Adopted Giving the United States

Power to Cont
Eacept by Fortifications, and *“@upersed-

ing” the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty All
the Other Amendments Are Defeated.

Dec 20-—The Hay-Paunce-
fote Canal treaty, sent to the Senate Feb. 6,
1900, was ratified by that body to-day, the
vote being 55 to 1% six more than the neces-
eary 4 ™ hich Is two-thirds of the
seventy-t) ree Senators voting. Had the full
Senate of eighty-six members been press
ent 68 votes would have been” re-
quired. Elght Senvtors were palred in favor
of the treaty, one did not vote (Kyle of South
Dakota! and { were palred against it.

four
The advocates 0! ratificatton had five votes
to spare had all of the e

ighty-six Senators
enst thelr votes.

Before being ratified the treaty wae
amended, in addition to the Davis amend-
ment, 80 as to give the United States the power
to defend the canal except by fortifications,
hy the adoption of the two amendments itn-
introduced by Senator Foraker and reported
by the Foreign Relations Committee, one
striking out Article Ilf., inviting the adher-
ence of the other Powers, and the other declare
ing that this treaty “supersedes” the Clayton-
fulwer oonveowon It opinion of
those Senators whose views are entitled to
especial weight in this matter that Great
Britain will accept the amendments mado
by the Senate

The discussion preceding final action on
the treaty was of short duration Mr, Wol-
cott and Mr, Gallinger ea: h spoke briefly in
favor of ratification. Mr Thurston also
made aspeech along the same line, and during
his advocacy of the original treaty called
attention to the fact that Great Britain was
largely Interested in the isthmlan canal for
the reason that she already owned almost half
of the North America continent.

Mr. Mason asked if Great Britain was so
largely interested why it was that that na-
tion did not stand some of the expense that
would be attached to the prosecution of such

WASttINGION,

ia the

agreat work
Mr. Thurston replied that the United States

assir
ment reserved to itself the right to manage
and control the canal, and that so far as its
management and control were concerned it
was a distinctly American institution.

Two minutes after 3 o'clock the bell rang
for the first yea and nay vote This was
taken on the amendment proposed by Mr.
Elkins, which provided for the insertion of
the following at the end of Section 5 of Article
lL, after the Davis amendment

“But nothing contained in this trasty shall
be construed to prevent the United States
from acquiring at any tine sufficient territory
and sovereignty over the same upon which
to build, manage, o;erate, defend, protect

ind control said canal or for any other pure
poses that the United States may deem
hest for its own interests

This amendment was voted down by 45
to 25, the only Republicans supporting it
baing Messrs. Bard, Beveridge, Elkins, Nason
ind Penrose

The second amendment acted upon was
that proposed by Mr. Butler to strike out
section 7 of Article I, which among other
things provides that “no fortiffeations shall
he erected commanding the canal or the
waters adjacent.” This was defeated by a
vote of 44 to 26, the same Republicans named
above supporting it

The next roll call was taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Mason, which proposed to insert
after section 7 of Article IT, the following

*Provided that nothing herein contained
shall prevent the United States from pro-
tecting said canal in any way it may deem
necessary if the said the United States shall
construct said canal at ite own expense ”

This was defeated by 44 to 25, Messrs.
Flkina, Mason, Penrose and Scott being the
only Republicans supporting it.

The amendment of Mr. Bard, substituting
the following for Article III, was next taken
up

“The United States reserves the right in the
regulation and management of the canal to
discriminate in respect to the charges of
traffic in favor of vessels of its own citizens
engaged in the coastwise trade’

This amendment was likewise defeated by
a vote of 48 to 27, it receiving the greatest

RATIFIED, |

>

rol and Defend the Canal |

SS

|

|

| shall not revictual nor take any stores

| immunity from at

number of Republican votes of any that had |

been offered, they being Senators Bard, Bev-
eridge, Elkins, Mason, Penrose and Perkins

The last vea and nay vote was taken on an
amendment offered by Mr. Tillman, which
proposed the Insertion of the Davie amend-
ment heretofore agreed to at the end of sec-
tion 7 of the second article, instead of at the
end of section 5, for the purpose of nullifying
the non-fortification clause of section 7
This was defeated by a vote of 45 to 27, the
Republicans voting for it being Messrs Bard,
Beveridge, Elkins, Mason and Penrose

Mr. Penrose withdrew an ainendment he
nad previously offered, which was similar
to that of Mr Elkins, which had been voted
down, and Mr Beveridge withdrew his amende
ment to strike out Article ILL, because the
committee had reported one that waa identi-
cal with it Vor the same reagon Mr Foraker

withdrew his individual amendment of the
same tenor. An amendment by Mr. Allen
changing the phraseology of Article [. by
striking out, in connection with the means

for the securement of funds for the constric-
tion of the eanal, the words “or by gift or
loan of money to individuals or corporations
or through subscriptions to or purchase of
was re-eeted by a viva voce

stock or sliares

‘
Refore the final vote was tuken Mr Teller
mined but futile effort to secure

 

| been

made a deter
+ toodifiestion of section 1, 80 as to declare |
ther the eanal should be free and open in
time wir to the vessels of commerce of
oll notions, eliminating the words “in time
of pe ce’ and striking out altogether any
reference to ships of war “$1 time of peace.”
He so moved to strike out entirely cece
tions % d 4, © tich relate te the right of
vessels of ligerents in the moettor

tohing on stores in the
in the canal, the regu-

of revietuadl

ecimal, their proace

lations with respect to prizes and the
emboarkation of troops and munitions of war
while ' through the canal

With respe t to the fifth sectign, he also

out the provis on} at “yes.
sels of war of a belligerent shall not remain
in such waters (adjacent to the eanal within
three-mile hi twent,-
four hours atany onetime, except in case of dis-
tress, and in such case shall depart as soon as

sible: but a vessel one belliger-
ent ehall not depart wi twenty-four
gure from the departure of a vessel of war
Mr. Teller also

non-lortification

sought to str

the longer than

 

of war of
un
the other beilwerent
ved to strike
sof the seventh section
of these amendments
t toe formality of a
d the Senate then proceeded to

out the
A)! were
yea and nay

tie

vote,
cCOLe

To Wash ngton tn Pive tours,

 

 

 

tom New York, Hoval Bluacfive hour tre ins, leave
f ! Liberty street, 1159 A. M.. 1:00 P M., and the
itoyal Limited’ no exeess fare—at S40 i. M,
Other fast solid trains at 8:00, 10:90 A, M, 1:40,
fo: 700P M. and 12:15 night Leave South

Ferry 5 minuteseariier, Best dining aud cale car
eervice in the world —Adn ’

| Britain and certan other

' |
ned that expense because this Govern- | HOF shall an

ee ee.

YORK,

tear
NEW
sideration of the amendments reported by
the corumittee, which were adopter

, Senators eLaurin, Moknery, Morgan,
Pettus and Kenney, Demoorats, and Harris
Jones of Nevada and Stewart, Populists and
Silverites, who voted for the treaty on the

al vote, voted fainet every anendment
offered, Bonators noon, Clay, Malior y, Sulli-
yan and Taliaferro, Democrats, and
Fusioniat, who voted for the treaty, voted
for all qmengmenta that were offered. Sena-
tor Lindsay, who voted for ratification on the
final vote, voted against the amendments of
Senators Bard and Flkin. and for those of
Senatora Mason, Butler and Liliman

The text of the Hay-Pauncefote treaty, as

ratifl $ as follows, amendments added
by the Senate being in italics

TEXT OF TUR AMENDED TREATY

The United States of erica and her
Majesty, the Queen of the United Kingdom
of Great Britain and Ireland, Empreas of
India, being desirous to facii{tate the con-
struotion of a ship canal to connect the At-
lantic and Pacifico oceans, and to that end
to remove any objection which may arise
out of the convention of April 19, 1850, com-
monly called the Clayton-Bulwer treaty,
to the construction of such canal under the
gu: ploes f the Government of the United
States without impairing the general princi-
pe of neutralization established in Article

lll. of that convenuon, have for
that purpose appointed as thier pleni-
rotenti be ae President of the United
tates 5 ay Secretary of State of tue
Uni tates o erica, and her Majesty,
the Qu of Great Britain and Ireland, Eru-
press of India; the Right Hon. Lord Paunce-

ote, G. C.B., G. C. M. G., her Majesty's Am-
bassador Extraordinary ani Plenipotentiary
%> the United States, Who having communi-
cated to each other their full powers, which
Were found to be in due and yro;er form,
have agreed upon the fallowing articles:

ARTICLE I.—It is agreed that the canal
may be constructed under the auspices of
the Government of the United States, either
directly at ite own cost, or by gift or loan
of money to individuals or corporations, or
through subscription or purchase of stock
or shares, and that, subject to the provi-
sions of the present convention, the said
Government shall have and enjoy all the
rights incident to such construction, as well
as the exclusive right of providing for the

‘urner

regulation and m ement of the canal,
Anticug 1] —The high contracting parties,
desiring to preserve and maintain the
weneral

rinciple” of neutralization estab-
lished in Kricie VIIL of the Cia) ton-Bulwer
convention, which convention te rereby super-
seeded, adopt as the basis of such neutraliza-
tion, the following rules substantially as
embodied in the convention between Great
powers, signed
at Constantinople, Oot, 20, 1888, for tue
free navigation of the Suez Maritime Canal,
that is to say:

First—The canal should be free and open,
in time of war as in time of peace, to the ves-
sels of commerce and of war of all nations,
on terms of entire equality, so that there shall
be no discrimination agatnst any nation or
{ts citizen. or subjects in respect of the con-
ditions or charges of traffic or other. ise

sSecond—The canal shall never be blockaded,
right of war be exerei-ed bor
any act of hostility be committed within it

Third—Vessela of war of a beillgerent
in the
canal, except so far as may be strictly neces-
sary, and the transit of such vessels Lurough
the canal shall be efiected with the least
possione delay, in accordance with the resus
ations in force, and with ony such tntermis-
sion as may result from the necessities of
the service, Prises shall be in all respects
subject to the same rules as vessels of war
of the belligerents.

Fourtha—No belligerent shall embark or
dise:nbark troops, munitions of war or war-
like materials in the canal, except in case of
accidental hindrance of the transit, and in
such case the :ransit shall be resumed with
all poselive despatch b

fta—The provisions of this article shall
apply to waters adjacent to the canal, within
three marine miles of either end, Vessels
of war of a belligerent shall not remain in
such waters longer than twenty-four hours
at any one time, except in case of distress,
and in such case shall depart as soon a3 pos-
sible; but a vessel of war of one belligerent
shall gos depart within twenty-four hours
from the.departure of a vessel of war of the
other belligerent. .

It is agreed, however, that n immed-
fately foregoing conditions and atipulations tn
aectiona numbered one, two, three, four and fire
of thia article ehall a ply to measures which the
United States may f it necessary to take for

gecuring by tte forcea the de/enae of the
canes States and the maintenance of public
order.

 Sixth—The plant, establishments, bulld-
ings andal) worke neceasary to the construc:
tlon, maintenance and operation of the canal
shal be deemed to be part thereof, for the
purposes of this convention, and in time of
war as in time of pe ce shall enjoy complete
ack or injury by be liger-
ents and from acts caloulated to impalr their
usefulness as part of cana
Seven—No fortification shall be erected
commanding the ca or the watere ad-
facent. The United States, however, shall

be at liberty to maintain auch military police |

along the canal as may be necessary to pro-
tect it against iavlessness and disorder.

{Article III., which was stricken out by |
The high |

the committee amendment, reads
contracting parties will, Immediately upon
the exchange of the ratification of this con-
vention, bring it to the notice of the other
powers and invite them to adhere to tt.)

ArticLé LV.— he presant convention shall
be ratified by the
States by and with the advise and consent of
the Senate thereof and by her Britannic
Majesty, and the ratification sha'l be ex-
changed at Washington of at London withir
«{ rtonths from the date thereof or earlier,
if possible

In faith whereof the respective Plenipo-
tentiaries have signed this convention and
thereunto affixed their seals

Dane in duplicate at Washington, the fifth
day of February in the year of our Lord one
thousand nine hundred Joun Hay.

PAUNCEPOTE

When the ratified copy of the Hay-Paunce-
fote treaty has been received by the State
Department from the Secretary of the Sen-
ate notification of the amendments made
by the Senate will be given to Lord Paunce-
fore, the Britix! Anibassador The State
Department will not press the British Govern
ment to accent these amendments, bat will
give Lord Salisbury and his Cabinet plenty
of time to consider them. [It is expected
that Great Britain will notify this Govern-
ment of her views on the amendments,
probably coupling the notuleation with a
Statement that her Malests’s Government
cannot accept them or is willin
negotiations on the basis of the changes
made br the Senate. The opinion prevail-
ing at the State Departinent is that Great
Britain will decline to accept the amend-
ments

No person in Washington, except the Presi-
dent and Secretary
say authoritatively whether the ratification
of the treaty as amended will have any effect
on Mr. H y's tenure of office. Mr Hay de-
clines to make any statement for publication
but to friends wha have asked him if he woul:
remain in the Cabinet if the President de-
sired hin to place the amendments before
the British Government for acceptance,
he has said that he had never declined to
earry out the President's instructions, thus
conveying the inference that he would con-
tinue to serve as Secretary of State. It had
reported that Mr. Hay would resien
sooner than ask Great Britain to accept the
Davis and other amendments He Te re-
ported to have said also that he would net
resign on secount of any person ) ehagrin
over the adoption of the amendmen's

ENGLISH COMMENT CALMER,

The | apers Now Speak of a Compromise and
Amicable Agreement,

Special Cadle Deapatch to THE Sts

Toxpon, Dee. 21.--The Daly News,
eral), commenting editorially on the ratifiea-

iLib-

 

  
  

residert of the United |

to renew |

ay, is in & position te |

 

FRIDAY. DECEMBER 21.

and for equivalent advantages, whlch Great
Hritain may be disposed, after fresh negotia-
tions for a new Inetrument, to accept.”

The CAromicle Radical), whieh became hys-
terical in commenting on the Davis amend-
to the Ilav-Pauncefote treaty, now

mildly talks of a compromise, [t save the

Senate stopped short of amendments obvi-

ously designed to wreck the whole proceed-

ings It fears thit President MeKinley Is
not made of the stuff to oppose the popular
' demand, and it therefore assumes that a sue
perseder will be presented for Great Rriltain'’s
acceptance, It adds “When that stage is
reached we will have various conficting
arguments to welgh.

‘From the American point of view It may
fairly be urged that the Clayton-Bulwer treaty
is out of date and merely obstructive, and
that treaty obligations may conceivably be
overridden by later conditions of sufficient
cogency, On the other hand, it must be
rememberd that we in effect are the trustees
of other foretgn nauons who have treaties
with the Unitod States,and have thelr interests
as well as our own to consider, We do not
imagine, however, that England will acoept &
treaty without some guarantee against dis-
criminating duties, but perhaps the deadlook
that would be brought about by an uncon-
ditional refusal might be obviated by a com-
promise Involving mutual conceasions.”

The Telegraph (Independent Conservative)
IIkewise advocates a middle course. lt says:
“We do not quite see a way out of the impaseé
unless further negotiations are conducted
| on a frank acceptance of the usual diplomatic

give-and-take. It is above all a matter for
| compromise In some form or another. Our
| existing treaty riglhis cannot be superseded
{n the summary manner some Senators seem
/ to imagine, but no one in this country desires
to thwart the legitimate wishes of the Ameri-
can people by a too rigorous insistence upon
our claims and privileges, The mere fact
that the ratification of the amended treaty
was keenly desired on the other side of the
Atlantic would naturally lead us to review
our position and attempt to find some middle
way of amicable arrangement.”

The Standard, the leading Conservative
organ, reaffirms ite decided views, which have
already been cabled to Tar Sux, in reference
to the Davis amendment. It expresses
extretae regret for the Senate's action and
anys: “Should we be Invited to consider
the instrument in its metamorphosed form,
we can only reply that it is not aoceptable.
It offers not even @ basis for further negotla-
tions by diplomacy. Having by the action
of the Senate been baffled in a well-meant
effort to secure accord, we remain in our old
position. The Clayton-Bulwer treaty is
international law, which determines the
relative claims and disabilities of the two
Governments ”

Regarding Mr. McKinley's probable course
the paper contends that the logio of facts
dictates that he treat the amended conven-
tion as waste paper. Returning to the ques-
tion of the British ;oultion, the Standard
reasserts that it will be useless for the United
| Btates to tender the amended treaty for Great

Britain's indorsement.

MARTIAL LAW IN CAPE COLONY.

ment

ee

 

Indicates Serioasness of Recent Developments
in South Africa.

Spectal Cadle Despatch to THB Sun.

Capx Towx, Deo. 20.--Bartial law te being
extended to certain districts of the Cape
Colony. It has superseded. the civil law
at Britetown, Victoria West, Richmond
Hanover, Maraisburg, Graaff Reinet,
burg, Aberdeen, Steynsburg, Cradook, Tarka
| and Molteno
| LONDON, Dec 20—The extensive proo-
| Jamation of martial law in Cape Colony euf-
| ciently indicates the serious view the

Government takes of the latest develop-

ments in South Africa, The War Office has

| {saued nothing more than Gen. Kitchener's
| oMfelal despatch, but official news telegraphed
| from Cape Town fills in the outlines.
It is learned from these despatches that the
| Rhenoster invaders occupied Venterstad on
Tuesday, but vacated the place on the ap-
proach of a British force and went in the
direction of Steynsburg, which they ez-
pected to reach to-day. In this, however,
| they were balked, the British garrisoning
| the place strongly before they arti ved.

The offcial statements add that the In-
vaders will now have great difficulty in mov-
ing in any direction, a# Burghersdorp, Storm-
berg, Stoynsburg, Rosmead and Naauwpoort
are strongly held, while the Orange River
lias risan considerably, barring thelr return.
They were last reported in the Zuurberg
range, between Steynsburg and Venteratad.

Regarding the Sand River invasion an
official report says that 2,000 Boers crossed
the river, making for Colesberg A column
| was despatched from Colesberg and the

Boers were diverged in the direction of

Plilfpstown, which they occupied on Wednee-

day. A portion of the commande occupied
Hout Kraal station en Thureday, outting
l the railway. Considerable reenforcements

have been despatched to De Aar and Han-
over Koad and it is expected that the Boer
advance will be stopped

Hitherto there lits been little fighting, the
invider) itn.evary having re-
tred before the Britt hb. At Venter-t id the Boers
took twenty of the garrison prisoners. They
| wummoned the Hamelfontein garrison to
surrender, but tho demand was refused
The Boers then attacked them and the fight-
' Ing lasted some hours The burghers were
eventually driven ofl

An unofileial report from Cape Town con-
firms the report of the recrudescence of the
rebellion immediately southwest of the

Orange River
| The members of the court that was trying
| treason cases at Colesbere have arrived at
| Cape Town. ‘They intended to@it at Colesberg
‘until Dee. 22, but the arrival of Boers within
| eeven miles of the court house necessitated

the removal of the records to a safer place

Meanwhile Gen De Wet has temporarily

| disappeared from (ie scene A prisoner that

Instance

he released has arrived at Bloemfontein
He says that when the Boers attacked
Dewetsdorp they had 6.000 men and 18,000

horses. Gen De Wet is said to have told the
prisoner, who is apparently 4@ civilian, that
he lost more in killed at Dewetsdorp than
| the entire British casualties

» admitted that he was beaten, but said
without

 
 

‘he was determined not to surrender

 

   

 

ation of the Hay-Panunesfoi® treaty, say honor te wanted a free pardon for all his

that the Senate has struck a serious blow at followers, many of whem re Cape rebels,

He declared that he wos able te held out

j the fundamental prince of good faith until Marei The prisoner confirms the

| among nations, at ifs own reputation, aad reper’ tint Gen. De Set was hard ht as

at the very Constitution of the Republic It Thatva N'Cha, when bis foree was trisceeted

7-1. eit 4) a \ . lie lost several prisoners, a nusber of horses,

) adds The attitrde of the British Govern- (a quantity of ammunition and two guts,
ment hardly admits of doubt, It cannot sure | in addiction to hin heavy casualiies

sender its treaty rights without considera. | —_

rejected |

|

; and at

tion or admit the right of the United States

to the unilateral abscogation a bilaterai
agreement
Now, 08 before, the British Government |

    

weevery disporitio

ito meet
a
n

will doubtless
the reasonable views and wishes of the (1

 

some taings whieh

  

States, but there are

 

the most friendly Government eannot ae

Mr. MeKinley will, we imagine, reeornire
this Ile ceunet agree h the Senaty tn
thinking that the Ilay-Pauncetote modi
fleations of the Cayte n-Bulwer treaty can
themselves be modifed to our disadvantage

 

the Cla
exeoept

ton-In
upon

time
sweded,

wer
terns

the sane
be

treaty supe

Burn: tt's Vania
leaves a Good taste in the mouth. It ts pure and whole
Don't be cheated with cheap Souds —Ada

 

CAPE COLONY'S INVADERS.

'
Kitchener Hopes the Band That Crossed the
} torder Will Seon Re Driven North,

Sprrial Cable Despateh to THE SUN.

| Loxpox, Dec. 20 The War Office has re-
jeoewed the following despateh from Lord
| Kitchener, dated Pretoria, vest@rdas

| i estimated to number $00 to 800

 

he Granae lover at Riwnosterhoek

  

cre
cod) band, whieh is reported to have

eed near Sands beritt, hes been fol owed
Lhive cent a considerobie body of mounted

The
were
place
I hope

troop, ho ore vette around them
Sat. Woo crossed at Rheposterhoek
also followed .to Venterspadt, whieh
they leit yesterday for Steynsbure
| the band will soon be driven north *

 

The Artstocratic Whiskey.
Antediiuriau Hye,—A@

 

j en rr LL LE LE LL LO A
Gee - 2 Oe sin entreaties miecalariaamamaaiiaaiall

1900,—COPYRIGHT. 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION

DR. PETER M.WISEREMOVED

THE GOVERNOR ACTS PROMPTLY AFTER

GIVING A NEARING.

It Will Be Left to Gov. Odell to Appoint a
New President of the Commission itn
Lunacy The Charges Against Pr. Wise
Were Proved by His Own Admissions,

ALDANY, Dec 20-Dr. Peter M Wine of
New York city to-day was removed from
his office ae President of the State Commis-
sion in Lunacy by Gov. Roosevelt because
the Governor thought he had used his ofles
to help his private business ventures. Dr.
Wise is a Republican. On Dee. 10 Dr Wise
was informed by Gov. Roosevelt of informa-
tion filed against him by Dr. Alexander
Lambert of New York city. The Governor
questioned Dr. Wise at length regarding the
matter and then gave him until to-day to
answer charges of misconduct made by the
Governor himself, based upon the informa-
tion furnished by Dr. Lambert and upon
Dr. Wise’s own admissions

At the hearing to-day the attorneys for
Dr. Wise wanted to examine certain wit-
neases which Dr. Wise desired to have sub-
pewnaed, but the Governor said that Dr. Wise
should have had here to-dav any witnesses
he desired to question. After a half hour's
cross fire between the attorneys and the
Governor regarding Dr. Wise's right to a
postponement, which the Governor refused
to grant, Dr. Wise’s attorney said there was
no more to be sald further than that the doc-
tor had not done anything which would affect
his integrity as a State official. The Gove
ernor said he could not agree with the proposi-
tion that it was right for Dr. Wise to be Presi-
dent of the State Commission in Lunacy and
be connected in the manner he was with the
business interests.

“If that rule is applied to all the other de-
partments your Excellency would have a
good time in cutting of the heads of State
officials,” said Dr. Wise's attorney.

“You give ine any evidence such as is in this
case and 1 will apply it. I will cut them off
in a wink,” replied the Governor

The hearing was then closed and five houre
afterward Gov. Roosevelt announced the
diamiseal of Dr. Wise. Gov. Roosevelt will
leave to Governor-elect Odell the task of filing
the vacancy caused by Dr. Wise’s removal,
as the latter's term of office expires on Dec. 31

Although it was contended that Gov. Roose-
vet could not, under the Constitution, re-
move Dr. Wise, it is not believed the question
will be brought into the courts. Dr. Wise
has been connected with the State Hospital
service for over thirty years and for five
years has been President of the State Com-
missiou in Lunacy.

in removing Dr. Wise from office Gov.
Roosevelt filed the following memorandum

“Dr. Wise ts hereby removed from office
as President of the State Commission in Lun-
acy. Inmaking this removal 1 consider noth-
ing but the statements and admissions of
Dr. Wise himself, as made in his testimony
taken before me on Dec. 10 and 11, The
accuracy of this testimony was acknowledged
by Dr. Wise’s counsel.

*Dr. Wise was gullty of groes impropricty
in, directly or indirectly, by suggestion and
otherwise, soliciting subscriptions to the
Copper Hill Mining Company of which he
was Presider’. from his official subordinates
of both eextw, including superintendents,
doctors, stewards, and in at least two cases
the heads@f,private asylums which are under
the soddllicn of the State Commission In
Lunacy. Such conduct would be improper
in any public officer. It is pecullarly iin-
proper in the case of the head of the State
Commission in Lunacy. This commission
has extraordinary power, controle vast sums

a

|

of money and deals with a pecuilarly help- |

less class of people; so that it calls for a par-
tioularly high type of official rectitude.
“When the head of a depurtincnt suggests
in apy Way to a subordinate to take stock in
any company which is under the control of
the sald head, the effect is two-fold. In the
firet place there must in many cases be a
species of moral coercion upon the subordi-
nates. In the seoond place if he takes stock
at the request of his chief the latter ls to a
greater or less extent under such relations
to him as must inevitably impair proper dis-
cipline They become confederates, ana such
a relation necessarily lowers the entire inorale
of the force. In the case of private asylums
wherein any abuses In connection with the
insane are especially likely to take place,
it is of courte expecially incumbent upon the
j.unacy Commissioners to avoid any relation
which might hamper thetr freedom of actior
“In this case, Dr. Wise, owing to his presi-
dency of the copper mine company in question
and his efforts to have the stock taken by
subordinates, was thrown into etul further
unfortunate relations with thern, such as
having seven doctors and a steward indorse
a note for $1,400 on one oecasion and trying
vo borrow several thousand dollars on another
occasion from the head of one of the private

asylums. Seemingly the copper mine com-
{e now in very bad finanetal condition,

ny
A circumstance which ty suficient to show
the utter tupropriety of the head of a de-
partment Using the inthuenoe given by his
official position to persuade subordinates
earning not too large salaries to embark
some of their slender earnings in such @ ven-

ture bs
‘The case of the icehouse at the Fletbush

Aayluin T regird ¢s inore serious still Here
Dr Wise cle oriy sought to invke money out
of his official position It was no part of his
duty to have such a building ere ted Never-
theless, he usurt ed this faunetion of one of his
subordinates and himself directed the erect-
ing of the building The foundation
{ng were laid by the libor of the p tients
js, by the Stite

that

in moking

Icehouse #6 an experiment ice
under a new process for the differant Stote
hospitals Dr Wise bad: finonei ld reletions

with the compeny, auch thet he would have

ed greatly by the success of the ex. |
benefited « | brace whitever Is necessiry to secure the

eriment. He claims thet the experiment
f successful would also have benefited the
tite but this, of course, does not elter the
utter impropriety of his using hla position as
a State official to secure peeuntory adven-
tages to himself trom. 4 corporation which
through him was to establish relations with
the Stite .

“Fle hada financial Interest In the company,
while in the interest of the company he was
building the icehouse on State land and partly
be State labor He has
impropriet
when five construction of the house was under-
taken he gave up his interest in the company,
vet it appears from hia letters that he never
giveitupatall certainly not for eight montha
after the constrnetion of the house was under-
taken and until it was believed that the proc-

ess was a failure

“In explanation of these letters, which
were written to oMcicla or c@ents of the
compeny, Dr Wise osserts thet he reeliv
bad given un his Interest, but thet he waa
deceiving his buainess ossect tes during
their long correspondence, lost'ng for eight

months, Taking into scoount such nao letter
ja that pertialiv quot “dl in hie teatimony
of Dee 11, written by him to Mr Veughn,

it is absolutely impossible to credit this state
ment, or to belleve th t he entered into such
a long, compllested end utterly purposeless
deception foreover, if his plea is admit
ted, It sinply mekes him enuilty of enother
type of morel turnitude = Tt is not possible
fo exset a high stonderd of public service
and ot the some time to condone sueh con.
duct as that of Dr Wise, and he is accord.
ingly remov ed from offtce
“Trroporr ROOSEVELT, Governor”

GOVERNOR WEARS DR.

WIsSh.

The Acensed President of State Lunacy Com-
mission to Defend Winsett.

ALBANY, Dec 20-Cov. Roosevelt gave a
public hearing in the executive chamber
to-day to Dr Peter Mo Wise of New You's

city, President of the State Commission in

Nothing Else Fast Like It.

The scenery grand and beautiful, ihe track amooth,
the cars clean and comfortable, the time fast, the
trains frequent, make the New York Central the pas
@mger line to tle Weat,--Ads,

himself admitted the |
of this eonduct by stating that |

i of violating

nd Pip. |

It was intended to tse the |

i

Lunacy, againet whom chat@es have been
based on « letter to the Governor from Dr
Alexander Lambert of New Yor\ ‘The
Governor bineelf maler the charge

Dr Wire was present at the heartne with
Lewls i) Carr and | Murray Downs of
Albany .o@ hia attorneys The charges
refer to Tre Wane’s connection with) the Cope.
per Hill Mining Company and the conatmes
fion of an icehouae af the Long Island state
Hospital by private Concert

In his answer fir, Wise denies that he ever
accepted aretainer in his professlonal capacity
since betng a member of the State Commission
fn Lunaey Dr. Wise protested against the
wee, without his eon@ent, of personal gor
respondenc and papera stolen from fis New
York city offlee and delivered to the Gove
ernor, and which papers the Governor ra-
fused to allow him to inspect or examine,
and pon whieh the charges against Dr. Wise
wre b° ed

With reference to the charees ne to the
anie of copper stock, Dr. Wise denies that he
solicited any physician in
Staite hospitals to take stock in the oopner
mining company of which he wae Prasident,
and alieges that if any of theee officers pur-
chased the «tock they did it on thelr own re-
sponsibility and probably because of his con-
nection with the company; that he did mora
than express }l« confidence in the success of
the company when questioned with reference
to it, and that he had an absclute rigiit, even
though a pubite officer, to invest his funds a4
he saw fit, the matter being purely personal
to him. ‘

The Governor said that Dr. Wise had
admitted that thirty superintendents, physi-
ciana and stewards connected with the State
hospitals had been tuduced to subscribe
for the copper atock br Dr. Wise: that seven
hy sicians and the steward of the St. Lawrence
tate hospital had been induced to indorse
a note for Dr. Wise for @1,60% and that Pr.
Wise had asked a loan of $6,000 from Dr
Carlos F. McDonald, who has a private insane
asvlumat Pleasantville, in® estohester county
which institution is under the supervision of
the State Commission in Lunaey

 

  

 

the employ of the |

Dr. Wise dented that he had used the eredit

of the State to procure goods or merchandise
for the benefit of the Internation tl Iea Com-
peny: that he had entered into anv contract
on behalf of the State for the erection of the
icehouse, and rlleged that thea same was
erected by the Internitional Ica Company

with the permission of the Board of Manigers |

of the Long Island State Hoapital, and that
it was distinctly understood that neither
the hospital nor the State should be subjected
to any linbillty

Dr. Wise denied that the credit of the State
or of the State Lunacy Commission was used
or pledged in anv manner for the purchase
of material or payment of labor in the econ-
struction of the icehouse, and says that neither
the State nor the State hoanital was to be sub.
jected to any Habilitvy unless the plan was
euecessfal and capable of producing a auf-
ficient quantity of ice at the price Indicated.

Dr W insisted that he had been guilty
of no misconduct in office and there fs abso-
Jutaly no evidence either in the charges as
mada, or in the correspondence now in the
hands of the Governor, that in anv wav ra-
flacts upon himasastate officer or that lends
to sustain the charges made, or that in any
way is sufficient cause for hia removal as a
constitutional officer from the position new
held by him

 

 

MEXICO BEING DRAINED OF MONFY.

FExportation of Silver Dollars to the Ortent
Causing Alarm to Bankers,

Et Paso, Tex., Dee. 20.-—-Tho heavy ex-
portation of Mexican silver dollars to China
and other oriental countries has caused
alarm in Mexico. Silver has been going
through this port to China and Japan at the
rate of $50,000 a day for five months and has
practioally drained all the silver out of the
country. The banks have been endeavoring
to keep the matter secret, but a few days ago
acknowledged the truth and petitioned the
feieral Government to stop the movement

George W. Hilsinger, manager of the El
Paso and Juare: branches of the Banco
Minero, the strongest banking house in Mex-
foo and Chihyahua, sald to-day that the
Goverement vould, plage an duty
on silver to prévent the country from being
cleared entirely, He says thit the banke
have plenty of money, but it fs ali in gold
and American and British currency
worth nothing except as collateral. Silver
fs the etanderd money of the country and
nothing else is acceptable in business,

“The situation is growing alarming,” said
Mr. Hilsinger. “We have millions of dollars

and |

 

Palr to-day and to-morrow,

 

——_an
TWO CENTS.

PRICE

NO MOSQUITORS, NO VETTOW FEVER, RANSOM PAID, BOY HOME,

Soldiers in Caba Try to Tok) the Disease by
Infection and Pall

Special Catia diespate’ t He SUS
Havana, [hee N beard of pliesicoane
fs investiqating SYoliow fever nt Mariana

and the members are much plecsed with the

results thus far obtained Moony est

erunents

ere being made on Arorkan lders, who
voluntarily submit to inoculation Tt is
understood that the board is pravetiertis
certain that the disease is propagated hy
mos uitoes

Pour caeea are now under treatment, the
patients all being soldiers who were bitten
by mosquitoes whieh had previously bitten
persons suffering with yellow fever, The
board bas found that a mosquito, after have

ing bitten a person affected by the disease,
needs fifteen daya before it is able to trans-
mit it. If it bites a non-immune in loss than
that time he will not develop the disease
The four cases under treatment developed
the fever in about three days after being
bitten,

Five soldiers have been living and sleeping
in infected clothes, beds and bedeclothes
for twenty days and have not developed
any #tymptoms. The board thinks that the
discovery is most valuable, as by keeping
persons suffering from yellow fever prote: ted
from mosquit es the disease will not be prop'-
gated. A dinner is to be given to Dr. Finlay,
the originator of the mosquito theory of
prop gation.

EASY WITH THE PRISONERS.

Parker, Serving a Six Months’ Term, Says Ho
Only Has to Show Up Nights.

New Brunswick, N. J, Dee They
are very eisy on the prisoners at the Middle-
sex county jail here Yesterday
Parker, who is half war through a six months’
term, was sent out to clean up the jail yard
During the day he kocked off wor, log
enough to walk downtown and mike a com-
plaint before a Justice of the Peace against
Flijah Nash, « fellow prisoner, with whom
he hed had a quarrel over a woman prisoner
The complaint was taken

Porker, before returning to Jall, stopped
{n at a saloon to get a drink. An sequatnt-

20

once, seeing him at the bar, said: “Why,
Billy, I thought you were in jail.”
“Lam,” eald Parker “I'm (tn for aix

months, but I only have to sow up nights.”

NATURAL BRIDGE SOLD.

The Property, With 400 Acres of Land, f asses
Into the Hands of a Syndicate.

Lexixotrox, Va, Dec The Natural
Bridge property, including over 400 acres of
land, has been sold for $50,000, of which $20,000
was paid in cash. The deed was entered on
record last night in the County Clerk's ofice
of Rockbridge. The purchasers are a syndi-
cate of Richmond and Northern capitalists
with F. H_ Brooke of Richmond as President
Charles H. Paxton of Rockbridge was in-
strumental in making the sale. The property
formerly belonged to the late Col. Heury C.
Parsons Mrs. Parsons, who has managed
the property since her husband's death, will
reside at her country homme, two miles north
of the Natural Bridge.

20

 

A THIEF OF DEVICE.

Gets Away Neatly With a Bunch of Jewelry
From a Harlem Store.

A man witb a screwdriver went into the

 

| vestibule of H. C. F. Koch's estore in Wast

| the padlock of a showcase.

in our vaults but no silver and we oan hardly |

meet the daily demands. Many factories
and raflroads are not able to make the weekly
pay rolle because the banke cannot furnish
the silver

Tho Government has been asked |

to lat out the silver reserve amounting to '

nearly $40,000,000 and will likely do {t this
month.”

One of the wealthiest bankers in the Re-
public fs here frorm Chihuahua and said to-
day that his bank could not pay out any
more silver, but had over $2,000,000 in other
money in reserve He thinks that the Gov-
ernment will come to the rescue with the
reserve and in that case the situation will
be relieved if the export duty fs put on

 

RIGHT TO DISCHARGE A MAN.

An Important Decision on Labor Matters by
Nitnols Highest Court.

Serixorieny, Tl, Dee. 20—An important
decision affecting laboring men and em-
plovers throughout the State was rendered
by the Supreme Court in the case of Charles
(lesple against the people, whertn
act of 1898, entitled “An act protect) @m-
plovees, and guarantee their mght to belong

to

the |

to labor organizations,” is declared uncone |
etitational The cause came to the Supreme
Court from Vermillion county

of Danville, was fined
this statute. Reuben Gibbons,
a carpenter, Wis the complaining witness
Gibbons had been employed by Gillespie at
a time when he was not affiliated with any
Jabor organization. While in the contract-
ors employ be joined a local union and was
promptly discharged because of his action,
In passing on the cuse the Supreme Court
recites that under the Constitution a mnan can-
not be deprived of his life, liberty and the
pursuit of heppiness without due process of
law

enjoyment of these Constitutional rights
The rights of liberty ond property include
the right to acquire property by libor and by
contract. If an owner cannot be deprived
of property without due process of law, he
cannot be deprived of any of the attributes
thet are essential to his personel rights

This act, the court declares, deprives an

|
Charles Gillespie, a contractor and builder

126th étreot last night and began removing
Customers took
him for an employee. He had removed the
cover and taken $300 worth of Jewelry out of
the case when Harry Reeves, a doorman, saw
him.

The thief ran away along 125th street as
far as Lenox avenue, where a man stopped
him and tried to hold him.

'

}eonamy

, have their Afteen-vear-old son again,

|

William )

a

“For God's sake, let me go!” exclaimed the |
thief, “the elevator is fallen and a dozen are |

killed. I'm after the doctor
The man let go, and the thief got away with
the jewelry

 

CALLING A COP, WOMAN'S WAY.

A Few Firemen With Their Apparatus Came
First and Tey Said Things.

A man and woman got into a wrangle in
Chatham Square yesterday morning

“A policeman~ call a policeman'” shreked
the woman The man ‘didn’t sea why he

should call a policeman to get himself ar-
rested

I'll get one myself, then'” cried the woman,
and opening the nearest fire-box she pulled
the lever
engines waa heard the manawoke to the sitia-
tion, and grabbing the women hustled her
into Chinatown, With 4a few minutes
there were in Chathain Square Fire
Croker, Deputy Chief Ahearn, two chiefa of

 

hattalion, three engines, one water tower,
two hook-eand-ladaer companies. and an
‘insurance patrol The newsdealer under
the elevated station explained what had
happened What the firemen sald was em-
phatic but not important The man and
Wolman got away
BUBONIC PLAGUE IN ‘IRISCO.

™ and costson acharze |

 

State Health Officer of Texas Charges Su pres-
sion of Cases on the Coast,

AUSTIN, Tex,, Dee, 20.--In a report to Goy

Sayers to-day on the bubonic plagite situation

‘at Sau Francisco, State Health OMcer Wo

! Blunt

These attributes, the Court holds, eme |

that the disease continues to

spread there and that twenty-two cases are

save

He charges taat the pr es cud veriain ot
interests in San Francisce are

strenuouseffoerts to suppress the fact

  

existence of the Georse ther: He Quotes
(Dr. dod. Kinyoun, federal quarantine «Meer
at San Francisco as reporting « Meintts

eniployer of the right to terminate @ contract |

with anemployee, The Constitution accords

hiro this right, just as it allows an employee
to termin te his contract with his employer.

IRELAND TO GO TO CURA.

 

 

 

Archbishop to Settle Disputed Allotment of
Chorch Property in the Island.

peurtuH, Minn., Dee. 20.) Archbishop
Ireland of St. Paul is to make a trip to the
island of Cuba seon after the first of the

year by commission from the President and

will investigate certain matters there with
reference to Lhe interest of the Cathohe Church
in the island and will make sugeestions to
the President with reference thereto Bishop
MeGoirick of Jiuth has been invited by
the Archbishor to aeompany him.

The nission oo the Atehbishop is said to
be to investigate qrestions in dispute re.
specting the allotment of church pranerty
in the island, Tt is surmised that the Presi
dent believes the selection of one of tacit
own ehufehmen for the mission will con-
vince the menibers of the chureh in the island
of fairness of the intentions of the Government
of this country in its treatment of then: and
the President at the same time has confid-
ence in the foirness of the distinguished
American prelate

 

 

Opened Police Station With a Jimmy.

Yor twenty last night nobody
could get out of the Mulberry street polles
station and nobody could wet in. The door
was stuck, Doorman Flood finally got a
Jimmy from the collection inside, and that
did the trick.

The mait for Ballantine's India Pale Ale ls made
by them from selecied Grain.—Adv.

nanntes

 

“I would state that it is me belef that the
area of infection is gradually growing wider,
4o that now there are only tlree blocks of the
Chinese quarter proper ino which there has
jot occurred sinee Mareh last a case of plage

he conditions which will obtain in the next
six months will be. iioniy on, conducive

    

     

to a further spread of the disease 1 believe

other cases oveurring in San Francisco are

being reported uader another name.’
WVAYOR WOODWARD'S RESIGNATION.

Atlanta's Counctimen Un ‘ecided What ta Do
About His Honor’s Latest Spree.

ATLANIA, Gia, Dec 20 — The consideration

of the resignetion of Mayor Woodw

 

the result of his Inte protracted soree, wil
be the first metter of linportince when the
Council meets toemeorrow afternoon No
one appesra to know exeetiv what will be
done Some of the councilmen friends
of Mayor Woodwerd desire him to withdrow
this resigostion and vome of the sttornervs
of the city have advised thet there ts vet
time for bim to prevent his resignation from
being acted upon by the Counoil Tt le not
known, however, whot the intentions of the

It is cert.in thet a large pun
ber of the councilmen ore in favor of ellow-
ing the Mayor to continue in ofttee for the
remaining ten days of his term

Mayor ore

KILLED ON FEERRYROAT BRIDGE.

Passenzer Falls Under a Track at South Ferry
and Is Crushed to Death.

George Burr Young of 46A Prosp eo avenue,

Brooklyn, a lithographer, emploved by the
Stilson Printing Company of 514 Pearl etre,
was instantly killed by atrack at Seuth Perry
ast) nigt On he war home he becane
dizzy while walking on to a Hanettor reet
ferryboat and tell headlong under wheels
of a truck whici iS loaving the beaut 4
wheel passed over his neck, crus) og the
windpipe. He leaves @ widow fhe driver

of the truck was arrested

 

A connoisseur can pick Balantine’s India Fale
Ale from ali others by 'ts exquisite arama.— Ade.

As the rumble of the approaching |

Chief !

rd, as}

TAID DOWN 825,000 IN GOLD
10 KIDNATVERS.

We Kecetved « Long Letter Prom the Thieves,
That Ofts Kves Would Be
Herned Out With Acid if He Did Net Pro-
duce the Money or if Me Tried to Trap Them

Me Drove at Night Alone in a Wagon te
a Rendezvous in the Woods and Deposited
the Moner,

Saving Son's

Then Ketarned Home-Soun
After HisSon Walked Into the House —
The Boy Manac'cd and Kept a Prisoner in a
Deserted House Several in the Gang, and
They May Be Captured Through the Gold,

Which Was Marked for Identification.

Ooratta, Neb, Deo The price of Edward
Cudahy's liberty was 825,000 in gold, and the
Kidnappers have the money and the parents
This
is the dramatic seque of the past Afty hours
of excitement over the sudden disappearance
of the voung man, The search for the lad
Was participated in by thousands of citizens,
hundreds of policemen and a dozen expert
detectives, vet the thieves succeeded in car-
ryving out their plot, securing the gold and
getting away from the city.

The story stands out unique tn the history
of the criminal annais of the West Afier
watching the Cudahy home for a month for
the purpose of abducting one of the Cudahy
girls, the robbers suddenly concluded to
take the boy, He was thrust into a cab
within a block of home at 7 o'clock in the
evening on a well-lighted and prominent
thoroughfare, carried into the outskirts of
the city, kept a prisoner forty-eight houra
and finally handed over to his distracted
father in return for a fortune in cash,

The caring of the robbers alone is an In-
teresting feature of the case, to say nothing of
the extraordinary cunning and‘ executivo
ability manifested in handling the case toa
successful conclision and getting away with
the cash in spite of the presence of hundreds
of armed men ready to kill them on ‘ight.
To-night young Cudahy is at home and his
mother insists on the house being guarded
in her terror unless her boy be stolen away
again. Another interesting phase of the case
is that Mr. Cudahy will take no part in now
trying to identify the thieves, he having
promised his wife to drop the case, as Mrs.
Cudahy feared further violence from the
kidnappers

The conditions under which the outlaws
were willing to release their victim were de-
tailed in full in a letter received by Mr.Cudihy
at his house yesterday noon, about three hours
after the first communication had been thrown
into his yard by a man on horseback. The
letter was as follows, in red ink and apparently
written by 4 woman:

“OMAHA, Dee, 19, 1900

20

“Mr. Cupauy: We have kidnapped your
child and demand 25,000 (Twenty-five
thousand dollars) for his safe return. If

you give us the money the child will be re-
turned as safe as when you last saw him,
but if you refuse we will put acid in his eves
and blind him; then we will immediately
kidnap another millionaire’s child that we
have spotted and demand $100,000 and we wil!
get, it. for he will see the condition of your
chfld@and realize the fact that we mean business
and will not be monkeyed with or captured
Get f@e money all in gold, five, ten and twentye
doller pigces, put it ina grip in a white wheat
sack, @é@t in your buegy alone on the night
ef December 19 at 7 o'clock P. M, and
drive south from your house to Center
street, turn west on Center and drive back to
Rusers Park and follow the paved road to-
wards Fremont; when you come to a lantern
that is ligted by the side of the road place
the money by the side of the lantern and
immediately turn your horse around and re-
turn home. You will know our lantern,
for it will have two ribbops, black and white,
tied on the handle’ yow must place a red
lantern on your buggy where it can be plainly
seen, so We will know youa mile away. This
letter and every part of it must be returned
with the money and any attempt at capture
will be the saddest thing you ever done.

“If you remember, some twenty years ago,
Charley Ross was kidnapped in New York
city and $20,000 ransom asked. Old man
Ross was willing to give up the money, but
Burns, the great detective, with others per-
siiaded the cld man not to glve up the money,
assuring him that the thieves would be oap-
tured. Rosse died of a broken heart, sorry
that he allowed the detectives to dictate to
him. This letter must not be seen by any
one but you. If the police or some stranger
know its contents they might attempt to
capture us, although entirely against your
wish, or some one might use a lantern and
represent us; thus, the wrong party securing
the money, and this would be as futile to
you as if you refused to give up the money.
So you see the danger if you let this letter
be seen

“Mr. Cudahy, you are up agalnst ft and
there is only one way out up the coln
Money we want and money we will get. If
you don't give up, the next mon will, for he
will see that we mean business and you can
lead your boy around blind the rest of your

Give

days, and ali you will have is the dam copper
sympathy. Do the right thing by u® and
we will do the same by you. If you refuse,

iddest sight you ever

you will soon see the

Beer

Wednesday, Dec, 19

Jhis might or evel

Follow these instmictions and no harm
will befall you or yours

4 consultation was immediateiy held by

Mr. Cudahy and his friends and various plans

were discussed looking to the capture of the
gane when they should putin ab appearance

 
  

    

at the rendezvous which they had named.
One one these wer fropped as bnprace
tieable, and at l ‘led by the fearful

h the fanidly was sultering,

train uoder whn
mply with the de-

Mr. Cudahy decided to «
mands of the bandits. As soon as this de-
cision was reached © Trusted messenger,
Attorney Selby, ha had been sworn to s@-
creey, Was despatehe t to the Tirst National
Bank for the Inve: He returned ina short
time, bringing with bim 825,000 in @oid coan,
lhe ry of bawara Cudahy touching the
negotiations with the kidnappers, his mid.
night ride with a “at bag of wold under his
feet to exchange t bov's iberty and side
Toeday

      

  

   

 

liwhts of the sit re nove
Mr. Cudahy cave out a full statement ile
enid Yea, the r ots the.r money
$25,000 in gold. The vol demanded it
in wold end as the bar cashier explained
that it would weieh just 10% pounds PT thought
1 would substitute bib: fer it, but feared
trouble in tt he retinti ri i we sot
a large men ek and the gold was placed in
t Tr isnt asl nid tft comfortably
but Lv id' iwvetie ervicees of an
me b weer and Fi propose &
be fol Of course Dow uned i
arriod tt eavy pistols 'do not knoy
what rive done i , except
to tieht i tacked I ' ve been
afraid t the rebbers had bikoown them
mor ecoone DACK
rena

 

shen I

  

li nediniels aecrrred taro that tia
rotsher® vy ould make their eseanoc be boarding
a traln at thie point after taking the mouey,

 

 
 
 

-_--——~
—*
=

 

 

a}
it.
itt
HS
i