WEATHER FORECAST.

Cloudy to-day, rain to-night; to-morrow

local rains, gentle

Highest temperature yesterday, 57; lowest, 34-

Detailed weather reporte

VOL, LXXXVI—NO. 216.

 

 

 

Hohenzollern Tells Visitors |

He Was Deceived to the
Very Last.

ANGRY AT DESERTION

 

Tells Friend Berlin Revolu-
tion Was Exaggerated to
Hasten His Flight, ,

LUDENDORFF |

 

CONDEMNS

Believed Italy Was About to
Quit and Did Not Know Aus-
tria Had Collapsed.

 

By KARL H. von WIEGAND. |
Staf’ Correspondent of Tan Sun. |
Copyright, 199; all rights reserved.

AMERONGEN, Holland, April 8.—The |

Kaiser “died hard.” He clung tena-
clously to the thought that he’ would
again be Emperor and supreme war |
lord, and would not give up the idea
for weeks after his internment. |
That is the testimony of all who
see him or talk to him these days.
They ad, however, that he has
finally abandoned hope. ‘They say |
his hair is white, that his eyes are
sunken and that his parchmentlike
skin hangs on his shrunken frame.
He now walks in the inner grounds
of Count von Bentinck's castle,
dressed in ¢@louchy clothes, so ill fit-
ting that he gives one the impression
of having already endured the worst
sentence the Allies could inflict upon
him, , = j

One man who is close to him said |
to me the other day that the Kaiser |
looked as if “he had fallen from the}
clouds into hell.” For weeks after
coming to Amerongen the ex-Kaiser
talked and talked and talked inces-
santly for hours at a stretch. But
since he has begun to realize that he
no longer. is Kaiser he has become
morose. He has drooping spells of
long -duratiop, with periods when he
«loes not talk at all.

Bitter Against Advisers.

When he does talk his theme is
“what might have been,’ wherein |
the word “if” chiefly figures. ‘‘If’’
he had known the facts. ‘‘If’’ he had}
been properly informed. ‘If’ he
hadn’t Been deceived by everybody.
“If” he had been told the truth, &e.

The Kaiser is incredibly bitter!
against his former advisers, entour- |
age and friends. He is the very per- |
sonification of hatred against his |
statesmen and diplomats. When he,
talks about them he becomes almost |
violent and the very mention of one}
of their names throws him into aj
rage,

The abandonment and desertion of !
him by all of those who once fawned
on him rankles deeply within him, |
and he dwells on their cowardice and |
ingratitude. |

“They all lied to me and deceived |
me!" he exclaimed. ‘‘Every one of |
them lied almost to the last. Not un-)
til last September did Ludendorff tell |

me what the real situation was.” |

“Cheated and Deserted."’

The ex-Kaiser recently asserted
with great vehemence to a visitor for
whom he had sent: ‘My Generals—
1 gave them the pour le merit aoe
orders. I covered them—the men at!
the front and the men behind the}
Mnes—with decorations, but they lied, |
deceived aud cheated me and then;
deserted and abandoned me, They
are ingrates.’

To the same man he said on another
occasion: “A General with 100 men
could have put down the revolution
in Berlin, but not one had the loyalty
and courage to lift his hand.”

To understand the ex-Kaiser's bitter-
ress against his Generals one has to
read some personal narratives con-
cerning little Known details of dra-
matic events at headquarters on fate
ful November 9. They were writfen
for archives which I have seen. After
all there is some dignity with the way
men leave a sinking ship or abandon
a lost cause, but it does not appear |
that such was manifest in the ex: |
Kaiser's entourage on that day. With |
the exception of one man all dropped
eway from him, one after another,
and advised him to flee. They told him
3000 Reds were marching toward

 

 

| and a French interpreter.

south winds. ®

on editorial page.

++++

 

   
   
 
 
   
   
    
    
         

Interview With Refugee Kaiser
Denounced as Utter Falsification

By the Associated Press.
LONDON, April 3.—The articles in the London Chronicle by Harold

Begbie describing his-visit to Amerongen, quoting the ex-German
Kaiser’s alleged state of mind, charging Russia with responsibility for
the war and asserting William Hohenzollern’s own innocence of any
guilt, have attracted wide attention. The London bureau of the Asso-
ciated Press to-day received the following telegram:

“Amerongen, April 8.—Harold Begbie has not had an interview
with the former Emperor. His written questions remained unan-
swered. He did not receive any authorization to publish the Em-
peror’s views, and no statement was given to him. e never saw the
Emperor, neither did he enter the castle gates.

“CARLOS BENTINCK.”

 

The signer of the foregoing telegram is Count Carlos Bentinck,
son of Count Godard Bentinck, who is serving as host to the ex-Kaiser
at the request of the Dutch Government. The younger Count Ben-
tinck lives at the castle and manages the establishment during the
occupancy by the fugitive from Germany. The Begbie article has
been reprinted in this country. It was printed in two New York news
papers and in several newspapers in other cities. .

 

FINAL TERMSGO [FRANCE DECRIES
TO BRZBERGER| WILSON IDEALS

German Armistice Commis-| Believes That Sympathy For
sioner Moved as Foch Gives | and Fear of Germany Will
Decision of Entente. Rob Poilus of Justice.

 

SPA ACCLAIMS MARSHAL) BRITISH GAINS DEPL

- |

ORED

 

Populace Warm in Greeting—/| French Intimate Ingratitude,
Burgomaster of Occupied Saying Their Stand Saved
Town Is Removed. U. S. and Britain.

 

 

Spa, April 3.—Marshal Foch arrived Special Cable Despatch to Tax Sev.

at Spa at 8:20 o'clock this morning | Pega 1M9; all rights reserved.
and immediately informed Mathias) c aris, April 3.—If events im the
Erzberger, head of the oo heats | fees of Four continue in the course
stice Commission, that he Avould con- ad YY now seem to be taking to the dis-
fer with him in his private car at 9:30 vantage of France the Americans
oreloic, May have the choice presented to them
The conference, which lasted forty | rr, cee out for ouey, Jot and tit-
resident Wilson's speeches and

minutes, took place at the appointed
brinciples or of losing some of that
time in the presence of } r-Gen. a
P Majo warm friendship and gratitude that

Weygand, aswistant to Marshal Foch, the most responsible strata have felt
Marshal Foch laid before Erzberger Me ee . .
the decisions of the Entente. Erzber- S useless to disguise the fact
ger after the conference hurriedly re- | that to conservative, thoughtful
turned to his train. He appeared Frenchmen these days it appears that
deeply moved, After a conference of | the interests of France are being sac-

one hour with Gen. von Hammerstein, | rificed to President Wilson's idealism |

a member of the German Armistice | an
Commission, and his technical advis- |
ers Erzberger went back to the hotel ! to ti ’ } :
where the German members of the Ar- | nem for signature. The American
mistice Commission are lodged. commissioners have steadfastly
The populace acclaimed Marshal Foch} fused to predict that Germany would

on his arrival in Spa. During the day sign any kind of a treaty presented,

the Marshal visited Gen. Nudant,
representative in Spa. and of late it has seemed to the French

Herr Erzberger was accompanied by ajthat the United States attitude has

number of technical and other advisers,! suggested th ; ; :
including the Chief Burgomaster of ! 56 i that they selt aympahy tor

Danzig. Before leaving Berlin he haa! the enemy. 2
a final consultation with representatives This has led some Frenchmen to won.
of all parties at which agreement was!der why a little more sympathy for
reached as to the attitude to be adopted| France is not observable. It has been
in the negotiations with allied represen- | gaia many times, but

tatives here. It seems that the sent!- 5 ‘ st
ment of the Germans is favorable to a that France expects above everything
else that the peace treaty will give her

settlement of the Danzig controversy.
security against future German aggres-

sion and assistance to recover from the
last stroke.

d to fear of what the Germans will
do when the peace treaty is presented

his

 

Paris, April 3.—Herr Mangold, the
Chief Burgomaster of Sarrebrucken, in
occupied Germany southwest of Treves,
has been removed from office by order of| Recent Events Far From Assuring.

Marshal Foch, ‘ The events of the last few days, as in-

terpreted by the moderate French press,
have not been reassuring, These papers

CARSON PLEADS FOR

DELAY IN IRELAND \°“ fear that the Saar Valley wil] be !

Sree {denied to France because it is inhabited

. by Germ . They © t
“On Verge of Revolution | ”” ans, they tear also that the

{new Polish State, to which France looks
” ?
Now, Redmond’s Answer. las an eastern counterpoise against Ger-

7 Saett aire ee jmany, will be weakened for the same
sONDON, April 3.—The ouse of Com-} a , ; = ~

mons debated the Irish question this | EReaOn, Ageinat this they see Great
evening, Liberal members endeavoring | Britain getting almost exclusive contro!

to elicit some indication of the Govern- |0f former German colonies, regardless of |

‘the

ment’s policy. he most notable point fact that they also are inhabited
in’ the debate was reached when Sir | largely by Germans
Edward Carson urged a postponement } ;

lt seems strange to many Frenchmen
{that when Dr. Helfferich said in 1913
jthat Germany's wealth was $100,000,-
000,000, whereas that of France was
ing and similar matters, as far more | $40,000,000,000, the tendency seems to
{roversies over home rule “1s “O88 to pare down Trench reparation
Joseph Devlin, a Nationalist leader, | Claims, especially as France's war ex-
said he thought Sir Edward's speech, Pénse was $60,000,000,000, or 150 per
was “the most powerful indictment of; cent. of her wealth.

British rule in Ireland.” Capt. Willlam! without the French army Great Brit-
Archer Redmond of Waterford, said: lain would have been helpless, while in

“Ireland is almost on the verge of a]
revolution and the Government re- | America it was freely admitted, the
sponsible Iet the Government say!Frenvch say, that the United States
frankly whether it intends to repeal the! fought really in self-defence, and by our
home rule act.” ‘great exploit of transporting an army
Sir James Ian Macpherson, making his | overseas proved that the Germans could

maiden address as Chief Secretary for!nave done the same thing westward if
Treland, replied to the criticisms made |

hey hadn't beem checked by . C
by members of the House, After indi-| . ¥ the French.
cating that measures were projected to
improve educational facilities ! -
ine he sald: and hous Throughout the war Americans ex-

“The political unrest in Treland {s un- {tolled heroic France, yet Dee that the
abated and outrages of the most cruel} 4" is over the American Commissioners
and unforgivable kind are occurring, | *¢™ Mae less of France, according
That is why it is necessary to have mili- | to these enchmen, than they do of
tary forces there.” | poor Germany, ;

As a result France views events in the
;counci] with increasing alarm. French-

of the question until the end of the war
and declared that at present he re-
garded the question of reconstruction
in Ireland, with education, health, hous-

is

French See Germans Put First.

NEW YORK, FRIDAY, APRIL 4,

KAISER GIVES UP ALL HOPE  |WARDEBTJULY1,POWERS DEADLOCKED ON PEACE; —
OF REGAINING HIS POWERS; | IS FORECAST AS
BITTER TOWARD GENERALS  $24,000,000,000;

re-|

bears repeating, |

 
  
       

 

 

Representative Good Warns
Congress and Nation of
Need of Economy.

KRUPP PLANT
~ NOWINVOLVED

 

|
|
47 BILLIONS FOR WAR

120,000 Workers Will Quit a8 | Gouneil*

Appropriations for Year to|
End of June 30, 1920, to |
Be $10,191,505,049.

Result of Trouble in
Ruhr District.

 

 

 

INTEREST OVER A BILLION |,

ad
man Asserts Country Never |
Will Go to Pre-War Basis. |:

} By the Associated Press.
Lonvon, April 3.—Metal workers to

come Scenes of Unrest—
Frankfort Quiet.

New Ways and Means Chair-

 

Special Despatch to Tum Sen.
Wasuinaton, April 8.—Uniess the! strixg
American people are aroused to the evening,

need for a businesslike administration | capital says.
of public affairs and the strictest), The strike in the Ruhr district of

watch over the Government purse- Germany has unexpectedly spread ex-
string even $4,000,000,000 Congresses|tonsively, It now includes the Krupp
will be nothing compared with the an-| works and 120,000 persons are in-
nual appropriations which will be nec- volved.

| cesary. This is the forecast made to- |

| The despatch adds that the workers
; day by Representative Good (Iow@),/ inthe Hamborn, Rhenish Prussia, dis-

| Who will be chairman of the House/ trict were expected to join in the strike
Appropriations Committee when Con- | to-day,

gress is ee | At a meeting of delegates

In Mr. Good's opinion the country: entra) Ruhr coal region, according

; Will never return to the basis of pre- to advices from Berlin, it was resolved

| war expenditures and appropriations. | ¢, cease after the 10th of April keep-

| This, he sald, is largely due to the | ing the pumps in operation, and that

| necessary continuance of some War! tr orefore the flooding of the mines
| activities and the strong pressure cer=|
| tain to be brought to keep in exist-
}ence many others whose usefulness is Berun, April (delayed).—The
| extremely doubtful. Interest on the strikes both at Stuttgart and in the
debt of the nation alone will amount; Ruhr district seem to have been
, to more than $1,000,000,000 also, he de- | checked by the energetic action of the
| clared. | Government, by the prompt use of
| In a comprehensive review of the ap-| troops, martia] law and other salutary
| propriations of the Government during | means.

gttie war period Mr. Good says that the) Ormcjal reports from Stuttgart, sum-

|total for the next fiscal year, as nearly | marizing the situation there, say that
as it can be figured before the appropri-

ation bills which failed at the last ses- | 8crious violence is reported only from
sion are enacted by the next Congress, | Esslingen, where the Spartacans seized
| will be more than $10,000,000,000 and | Weapons and automobiles, but surren-
| that the net appropriations during the dered them after negotiations. The
war and for the fiscal year 1920 will | large number of non-residents among
be just beyond $47,000,000,000. the strikers was one of the features
| Faces Debt of 24 Billions. of the uprising, going to prove that
the movement was, as claimed, purely
a political effort of the Radicals and
to overthrow the Gov-

in Berlin up to Wednesday

in the

must be reckoned with.

 

9
“

Mr. Good estimates the receipts of the
Government from customs and internal
revenue for the same period at $16,657,-
$23,503 and the sale of bonds, notes and
War Savings Stamps at $25,888,954,466,
a total of receipts of $42,5469777.969. He
says July 1 will find the United States
with a war debt of $24,000,000,000.

Tables given by Mr. Good show
'propriations enacted by the last Con-
gress totalled $1,193,864,914 in regular
bills; in miscellaneous acts $1,117,713,-
436 and in permanent and indefinite
measures .$2,074,286,880. He says this
{gs the status of appropriation bills that

Independents
ernment.

Troops Behave Well.

The strikers at Stuttgart assembled
frequently yesterday despite the mar-
tial law regutations, were dis-
persed. The leaders were arrested by
the troops and Government was
master of the situation by nightfall.
The troops behaved splendidly, though
some of them received rough treat-

ap- but

}
the

  

 

 

Re a Ruhr district for a time the
ye aaa PP is: HE peril 1 eo Sbeoss strike was extended by several thou-
District of Columbia (passed sand, but the danger of a general strike
Navy (passed House)... Pee subsided. The mines where the Spar-
BURA y, Sat LPR eee ape tacans prevail are still closed, but in
(passed House). 26.987.265 those sections where the union miners
Meter. 4c cerearta ea (ecseed 11,006,597 ona the Majority Soctalists are in con-
FIGURE) sc sccctccerstewscces 750,000,000 trol the men refused to close
Total : $:,476,264,522 Many decided to await lene in
Mr. Good points out that in addition ithe meantime continuing their work.
to these measures an appropriation of

ero ee . pyre _ again.
$829.375,293 is necessary to meet a de riot has reached sixteen, but this num-

| ficiency in the general appropriations in

|; the Quartermaster Department, and that

a y ot hope to
' $1,500,000,000 will be needed for addi- Of the wounded cann ;

oe ee ne oe aia a killed took place this morning.

jeontracts a ma g y au- . ]

thorized to the Allies. This brings the damege from piundering is estimated to
‘a ; aggregate several million marks.

{total for the fiscal vear ended June 30,
1920, up to $10,191,605,049,

RENEWAL OF STRIKE
PRECEDED BY LULL

Reports Confirmed That Un-

Estimates of Revenue.

“The revenue out of which these ex-
traordinary expenses must be met,” said
Mr. Good, “will be obtained from our
customs duties, income taxes and other

 

internal revenue receipts, postal re- rest Was Only Temporary.
ceipts and miscellaneous receipts, in- _

; cluding interest from foreign (Covern- By the Associated Preas

ments and canal tolls, which in the ag- Panis,’ April 8.—The latest advices
gregate should yield about $5,150,000,-! cerning the fighting at Frankfort and
arith appropriations to supply de-, the renewal of the strike in Berlin

; home * ing Ger-
ficiencies in the various departments are confirm the Impression prevailing in Ge

| chargeable against the fiscal year ended many when the former Berlin corre-
{June 30, 1919, and when deducted from epondent of the Associated Press left
| the total of the appropriations above re- lthere a week ago that the then com-
ferred to it will be found that the total | . Var anitaatailann (of
revenue will fall short of meeting the Parat.ve lull in the manifests .
‘appropriations for the fiscal year ended industrial disorder and revolutionary

June 30, 1920, Dy approaimately $3,- the rabble was
500,000,000. A part of this deficit will
no doubt be made up from war salvage

receipts and the balance must be met by

Violence avd pillage by
only temporary,
Germany wae at that time fairly quie

the only important exception

t

the sale of bonds. ie strike in the surrounding region.
| “It aust be remembered that under /Mareh insurrection in Berlin and
ithe provisions of the revenue act passed ‘disturbances in Central Germany

|by the last Congress income taxes are
| payable {in four instalments, and only
two of the instalments due and payable !
in 1919 will be collected during the fis- |
eal year ended June 30, 1919, Just what:
‘proportion of these taxes will be
lected in the fiscal year 1919 and what
preportion will come in during the fol-
‘lowing fiscal year it is impossible to
| State.

in East Prussia had been suppressed ;

Continued on Second Page.

Smokes Help Wounded
in French Hospitals

col-

the number of 150,000 had gone on!

, @ despatch from the German |

h headquarters to get him, and finally 106 KILLED IN FLYING
informed him they could not guarantee | AT FT. WORTH FIELDS |

\ his safety another night. They got |
q him out after midnight and bundled |
him across the border at

morning.

o

First Fatality on Nov. 7, 1917
in Schools Now Abandoned.

Fort WortH, Tex., April 3.—Records
show that at the three Port Worth air

 

much that was told him was not true.

‘to take any measures to prevent the |
?\spread westward of Bolshevism.

CHARLES C. FLOOD of the

Rainbow Division is con-
valescing in Vichy after return-
ing from smokeless Germany. He
says the tobacco issued to him
by THE SUN _ Tobacco~ Fund

men see Bolshevism spreading in Ger-
nany, carrying, as it does, a threat to |
cheat France out of any peace fruits at
all; yet Americans and British refuse

“Persons urging a return to normal
conditions must remember that the Gov-
‘ernment will never return to a pre-war |
| basis of Government expenditures, That |
is impossible. Before the war our na-
tional debt was less than $1,900,000,000.

With all these things taken together | July 1 will find us with a national debt
and combined with the high cost of liy-| of about $24,000,000,000, From the close
ing and the Socialist discontent it is not | of the civil war until.1916 our annual
strange that a feeling of resentment pre- | expenditures never exceeded $1,150,000,-

greatly helped him to get well.

“T have become acquainted with
quite a few New York boys and

vails.

He is said to believe that if he had

remained he might have saved the
situation.

fields, where flying virtually ceased to-
day and all enlisted men were dis-
charged, 106 men were killed from No-
vember 7, 1917, to April 1, 1919. Dur-

King Decorates Capt. McGinley.

 

000, For the fiscal year ending June 30,

q swear by their friend
1921, the interest on our debt alone will they all y :

THE SUN smoke fund.”
Other cards from grateful sol-

sum almost equal to the total: annual

His Brain Works Poorly,

Those who have seen him teil me
that at times the ex-Kaiser appears
dazed and unclear in his thinking. I
am told that recently he failed to rec-

       
   

ing the time the British Royal Flying

Corps trained its squadrons here fifty

Students, officers and mechanics met

fata) mishaps. Since the Americans took

over the flelds fifty-six have been killed,

reread
SOA EY BA

in the
Later the ex-Kaiser learned that

   
  
 
  
     

'
; amount to more than $1,050,000/000, a
}
1

Lonpon, April 3.—Capt. W. E. Me-
Ginley of the American [Expeditionary
Force was decorated with the Military
Cross by King George at Buckingham
Palace to-day.’ The Captain is a mem-
ber of the Medica! Corps. ‘

diers will be found on page 9.

WARNING! THE SUN TO-
BACCO FUND has no connection
with any other fund, organization
or publication. It employs no
agents or solicitors.

expenses of the Government prior to 1916.
“The néxt Congress will face many new |

 

Continued on Third Page, |

 

 

 

 

Buy a Baby Bond,
Our Booklet lists 450,

100 In ts. Send for it,
aehn Muir & Oe. 61 B'way.—Adv,

 

|
|
|

 

’
i
}
|

{
'

PRO-RED DEALS
RETARD PEACE

s Plan to Recognize
Lenine and Trotzky Called
Shameful.

 

THREAT TO FLOOD MINES GERMAN INTRIGUE SEEN

 

her Centres Expected to Be- American Financiers to Back

Teuton Scheme in Russia,
Is Report.

By H,. WICKHAM STEED,
Editor of the London Times.
Special Cable Despatch to Tue SuN from the
London Times Service.

Copyright, 199; all rights reserved.

Paris, April 3.—It is unfortunately
impossible to record any real progress
toward a peace settlement or to over-
come the impression that the mem-
bers of the Council of Four are wast-
ing time in a vain attempt to reconcile
the pro-German and pro-Bolshevist
Proclivities of some of their number
with the requirements of a sound and
lasting peace.

The moment when clear sighted
resolution is above all necessary the
conference leaders are showing neither
vision nor courage. They appear to
mistake interested sentimentality for
foresight and vanitous obstinacy for
courage. In these conditions the time
is fast approaching when the whole
truth about them and their doings
must needs be told in order to enable
the peoples whose wills they are mis-
representing and whose ideal and ma-
terial patrimony they are mismanag-
ing to sit in judgment upon them.
Unless within a very short space they
mend their ways the publicity they
have shunned will have to be invoked
as the only cure for thelr aberrations.

Deal Over Russia.

In the meantime it will be useful to
place on record as near as possible an
approach to the truth in regard to one
of the main issues which they have
steadfastly refused to face, that of
Russia.

It is now generally known in
that the idea of a shameful “deal” with
the Bolshevists on the basis some
form of allied-American recognition of
the Lenine-Trotzky “government” in re-

Paris

of

1919,— Copyriont, 1919, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

turn for economic, commercial and finan- |

cial concessions very nearly found ac-
ceptance in influential quarters here last

week. That

{dea was scotched fortu-! outnumbered

Germans Resist’ Reds
Invading East Prussia

LONDON, April 3. — German

troops are resisting a Bolshe-
vik offensive in East Prussia, ac-
cording to a despatch dated

Wednesday from Berlin transmit-
ting reports received there,

Failure of the offensive in the
direction of Tukkum, in Cour-
land, west of Riga, is admitted
by the Russian Soviet Govern-
ment in a wireless received here
to-day.

The message adds that fighting
is in progress in the direction of
Mitau, southwest of Riga, and in
the region of Pskov, northeast of
Ri

 

ALLIED ARMY

Troops in Murmansk Region
Are in Danger of Being
Driven Into Sea.

GREAT TRAGEDY FEARED

 

Sir Ernest Shackleton, the Ex-
plorer, Returns From Front
With Warning.

By the Associated Press.

Lonpon, April 8.—The curtain was
raised for the British pubfic on the po-
sition of the allied armies in north
Russia for the first time this after-
noon. The serious situation in the
Murmansk region and the attempt by
the Bolsheviki to drive the allied
troops on the Archangel front into the
sea are the cause of much anxiety.
The London afternoon papers circu-
lated posters through the streets with
startling phrases, of which “The Brit-
ish Army Imperilled” was typical.

The public bought the papers eagerly,
having no idea which army was re-
ferred to. Some of the papers de-
clared that another Kut surrender or

Khartoum tragedy threatened.

Sir Ernest Shackleton, the explorer,
who has just returned from Russia,
where he superintended the winter out-
fitting and feeding of the expedition,
tion and armies. He declares in an
interview that both fronts are in danger
and that the Bolshevist peril is a very
real one because the Entente forces are
by disciplined and well

nately in the nick of time, but it is by | armed and well equipped troops in close
no means killed, and {s at present lurk-| touch with the Allies’ extended but by

ing underground.

Only yesterday sinister reports were

no means strong front.
“We must avoid the possibility
another Khartoum,” says Sir hkrnest.

of
He

 

i

confirmed the danger to the allied posi- |

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

WILSON TRIES TO ASSURE FRANCE; |
150,000 STRIKERS IN BERLIN RE VOLT

!
President Seeks to Prevent
Permanent Occupation ,
of Saar Valley. t

 

 

FAVORS NEUTRAL ZONE

 

League of Nations Covenant
Also Unfinished and Morg,
Changes Expected, !

(NEW ARTICLE IS ADDED
|

 

 

King of the Belgians Breakg
Royal Precedent by Call-
ing on Col.. House,

o— eee

4

By the Associated Press.

Paris, April 8.—President Wilsog
and Premiers Lloyd George, Clemem
ceau and Orlando continued their digs
cussion at President Wilson's rest
dence to-day. Other Peace Confere
ence organizations also met.

All the conferences sought to um
ravel the tangled issues still standing
in the way of peace. The meetings
proceeded amid another wave of ape
prehension spreading through the
conference over lack of any tangible
results after the Council of Four had
labored continuousty for ten days.

This was accompanied by well
founded reports from those close ig
touch with the Council of Four showe
ing that the situation, while not des
perate, was at lenst serious because
of radical differences on some funda-
mentals in the settlement of Gere
many's western (the Franco-German)'
and the eastern Polish frontiers.

It was stated after adjournment of
the council that reparations and the
Polish frontiers were considered in
the morning and that some progress
was made, M. Trumbitch, the Jugo-
Slav Minister of Foreign Affairs, wae
heard on the Jugo-Slav claims in the
Adriatic in the afternoon, bringing up
the issue with Italy before the Couns
cil of Four for the first time. Pre
mier Orlando of Italy was not present
at this session, as he did not desire
to sit as a judge in a case in which
Italy was so vitally interested,

League Covenant Incomplete,

The League of Nations drafting
committee has completed fifteen ar-
Seles of the League of Nations cove
}hant, which now contains twenty-seven
; articles, It Is not known what the
additional article is.

The committee probably will finish
its draft to-morrow, which will be In
| French and English in parallel

{| cUrrent in quarters that ought to be well | urges the need of sending reenforcements | columns,

|

informed to the effect that an arrange-
ment already had been made between a

| '
large American financial house and two | th
|German banks, one of which is said tol ay

| be that of Warburg of Hamburg, to
} finance a scheme for the exploitation of front so rapidly that the Siberian armies

down. | this

!
|
}

[ Pa he four women who were
ee The | solution of which depends the possibility

|

|
|

|
'
{
{
|

|

|

i

t
|
|
}
{
1

|
!

|; whore

}
|

|

\
}
|
|

 

Russia, the actual work of exploitation
being entrusted to German engineers. Be
as it may, it is certain the un-
principled rapacity of financiers 1s play-
ing far too large a part in various pro-

The situation at Frankfort is quiet | posals being ventilated in the nelghbor- |
The number of victims of the hood of the Peace Conference.

The men who Iinduige in or abet this

ber will probably be augmented, A8 SOME! Ling of activity forget that the allied
live. | peoples did not fight to fill financters’

pockets. The Ruesian question, upon the
of making a lasting peace and: forming
an effective League of Nations, remains
the chief among the unknown quantities
of the peace problem.

Clear Policy Needed.

Information derived from British offi-
eers who have returned from
within the last few months and
reports of French officers received
courier to-day make clear that
1$¢ NOW more urgent than that
ing down a clear allied policy in
to Bolshevism and preparing a coherent

from
by
no task
of iay-

 

   

 

regard |

|

immediately. These,
reach Murmansk from
ana week.

Despatches from Omsk report that
ring the last few days the Bolsheviki
have been retiring on the

he asserts, can
England in less

in pursuit are unable to keep in touch.
Bolshevik desertions continue. As an
example, Nifty miles south of Ufa a whole
regiment of Bolshevik cavalry foined
KKolchak's forces and turned their wea-
pons upon their former comrades,

The Bolsheviki had accumulated at
Orenburg over 3,000,000 hundredweight
of grain which they had seized in the
Cossack villages, They are trying under
the greatest difficulties to transport this
grain to Samara and are evacuating

| Orenburg.

Russia !

|
|

|

plan of action.

According as a clear policy is framed
and executed or as indecision continues
to prevail in allied councils the Allies
will secure or utterly lose the fruits of
their victory. Upon the first point all
competent and experienced judges are
agreed there must be no truck with!
Bolshevism It is not socialism but
anti-sociallsm. It is not democratic but
anti-democratic

It is not gocital reform but armed
anarchy, destructive of society It Its
like a prairie fire with the immense

being ajpower of devastating expansion, but no
The | power of construction,
the | lived for months in the midst of it and
and| have

Men who have
worked in disguise as
saries of the people” express the settled

conviction that only by the swiftest
prophylactic and curative measures can
{t be prevented from devastating the

greater part of Furope and assuring the
ultimate triumph of Germanism,
interests and in agreement with
which its main directors are guiding it.

At the moment Bolshevism is being
organized and commanded largely by
serman officers and agents. Tn southern

 

 

t
I
man officers, are heing direvied against
the. allied forces and anti-Bolshevist
Russians, its character is clearest, In
northeastern Russia, where the Germans
were left by the armistice to stand as
a “bulwark” against Bolshevism, there
is a tacit agreement between the Ger-
mans and Bolshevists.

Lithuanians Are Powerless,

The Lithuanian and LEsthonian forces
are practically powerless.
ania is occupled by 47.000 German
troops, who live on the country and hold
it, but remain inactive against the Bol-

tussia, where German guns, laid by Ger- |

“commis- +

in|

The northern Caucasus from the Black
Sea to the Caspian Sea has been entirely
eleared of the Holsheviki as the result
of the successful campaign of the army

of Gen. Denekine in that region in Jan-
uary and February, according to an offi-
cial report issued here The anti-Bol-
shevik leaders, fighting having ceased,
are fomning new forces of Cossacks and
other natives.
Ry the Associated Press.

Evonomta, Russia, April 1.—One of
the most herculean tasks in the supply |
of the north Russian Expeditionary
Force with much needed war material
was accomplished to-day with the ar-
rival at KMeonomia, which is the winter
port of Archangel, of the largest vessel !
which ever passed successfully through
the thick ice floes of the White Sea

Mscorted by three icebreakers a 5,000
ton British freight vessel has urrived
here only slightly damaged, after a dif-
flCult three weeks voyage f Mur-
mansk, Several times the was
hemmed in where the ice piled
high. At one spot it was stuck
the floes for nearly a week,
the icebreakers§ finally succeeded
smashing a path ahead for it

In addition to war material
ealried a considerable cargo of
can Red Cross supplies

BOLSHEVIK REVOLT
IN VIENNA REPORTED

rom

vessel
drifts
in
ice but

im

the ship
Ameri-

| Austrian Nobles, Including
| Czernin, Seek Swiss Asylum.

|
|
!
\
|

|

Special Cable Despatch to Tre Sux.
Copyright, 1919; all rights reserved
Panis, April 8.—Alarming news from
Vienna indicates) a revolution there,
launched, it is reported, by the Rolshe-
vists with a view to forcing a union be-
tween German Austria and the new
Hungarian Government
A large meeting of sailors, after listen-

‘ing to speeches, passed resolutions 1n
|favor of a political and military al-
urging with Hlungarian co-

Small Lithu- | Hance and

operation the spreading of Bolshevisin
The Swiss legation in Vienna has
many applications from former mein-

shevists, while tens of thousands of anti- | bers of the Austrian nobility begging for

Bolshevist Lithuanian volunteers await
in vain for arms and ammunition from

Continued on Fourth Page.

the privilege of a refuge in Switzerland,
Among others Count Czernin has agsked

Continued on Second Page.

Orenburge

|
As
ground” on the Rhine controversy the

A full meeting of the league come
mission will be held probably Satur-
day to consider the revised covenant,
| which doubtless will undergo further
changes before it Js submitted to the
representatives of the five big nations.

The revision thus far does net cone
tain mention either of the Monroe
!Doctrine or the proposed Japanese
jamendments. These questions will
not be disposed of until the next meet-
ing of the league commission,

One of the American experts wha
iis constantly being consulted on varte
ous questions before the councll gives
the following glimpse of what is going
on behind scenes:

“The situation is extremely diff.
; cult, particularly as regards the weste
ern frontier of Germany. [resident
Wilson, in a conciliatory spirit, has
been willing to do most anything to
ussure French security short of the
stultification of engagements made at
{the time of the armistice.

Rhine Protection Assured,

“The Ireneh have been assured of
every military along the
Rhine and for fifty kilometers east of
jthat river, even to the extent of con-

protection

sidering that any military activity in
|that section shall be looked upon as
ja hostile net, But this is not constd-
‘ered enough and additional clatme
jlead to the conviction that they are
jopen to construction as meaning

}something more than military secure

| : :
jity and verging on territorial control.

i} “The President. Is not willing to
| go that far in creating more Alsace-
| Lorraine situations, and it {s this

stand against these claims whieh tg
j causing the delays until some middle

tground is found.”

| Concerning reparation it was added
I

that there were good prospects for
an early agreement. This will not
specify the total amount, but will

 

leave if to a commission to work out
details of reparation through a period
of The priority Belgium
and in the of the
German indemnity also is sald to be
nearing agreement,

years, al

Trance division

Consulting Board Created,

a means of finding the “middle
super-Council of Fouv created a con-
sulting body consisting of Andre Tar-
dieu, France; Charles HH. Ilaskins,
American,&nd Viscount Morley, British,
They labored until 2 o'clock this morn.

ing and then called on Col. Edwarg

”