‘

VOI. LXX.—NO, 236.

BRE'S WHAT ROOSEVELT

OUT OF PARK WITH 4 PEELED
NOSE AND DEEP TAN.
Serrounded by Hell Roaring Bil) Jones,
the Duoke and Other Cowpunchers
—Cortridge Make a Slight Wound
Under @ne Eye When the President
Wap Firing at a Target—Almost a

the President was gone

Fall Down a Precipice—Cougar Hounds |

That Failed to Detiver (he Goeds—A
Chase Over the Landscape With Face
All Lather—“Oom Jon’ Burroughs
and a Distinguished Statesman on
SKis.in Altitudes Defying Gravitation

Ct~xaear, Mon,, April 23.—-The Presi-
@ent officially returned to the worki again
to-day There was a public reception
for the citizens of Gardiner and Cinnabar

the Mammo) Springs Hotel, Besides

lavor McCartney of Gardiner and Jerry
Melloy of the Gardiner Society for the
study of thirty-six numbers and zeros
therm were present Unele John Yancey
of Yancey's sation and He!) Roaring Bill
Jor s. under Whom the President s rved
a8 d-pu'y sori in M-dora years ago.

Criek. and of Jim McBride, who had ac-
companied the President on his trips through
the park, missing. Likewles the Presi-

dent waa greeted by Charley Scott, another | thelr leaps.

gowpuncher gf the old Medora days, new
Proprietor of Scott's New Trouble stop
at Gardiner, ‘

‘There were also mere women in the hotel
than the oldest resident remembered to
have seen in ore spot in this country be-
fore the opening of the tourist season.

To those and to the members of the

the President of @ most intimate
| and poteekr bomtale: of birds, He

|

q ' | apparentiy bare side Of the oliff.
Nor wore the faces ef Bill's comrade- | President spent a great part of the day
in-arns, Wagaer, Du» of “Hell Roaring ! marvelling that the creatures could so oon-

'

~ | mountain and had the fun of seeing them

;

>.
and caught trout
enough for supper. The Prelpect was
gone until nearly dark, He walked up
through many bands of elk, studying thein
at his leisure and made twenty-two miles
during the day, getting well up above the
= me line. +
a Monday the party moved from Camp
Roosevelt, Major Pitcher was perturbed
to obserye that even when elk were in sight
the President would cath sight of a fool
ow] and go chasing after lt aa though they
had found an elephant. ‘.
Mr. Burroughs reports that he found

says that he was able te point out but one
bird with which the President was utterly
unacquainted, Townsend's golitair. Mr.
Burroughs had never seen the bird before.
but, a8 a Central Office man would say,
“picked it up from description. *

Billy Hofer on Thuraday accomplished
his greatest feat. He got the President,
Mr. Burroughs, and Major Pitoher up a
mountain from which they looked down
flelis covered with snow over which
thousands on thousands of elk wore wan-
dering in bands of severe! hundred each.

The camp was now at Tower Creek under
a precipice 1,000 or more feet high. There was
a band of seven bighorn feéding on the
‘The

fidently reach the inch-wide landing places
which they seemed always able to pick out
on the face of the declivity when they made

In order to get a better look at them
he took a ten-miie détour to the right of the

make a regular circul} leap to the vazor-
like edge of basaltic rock mapy feet below,
and resume feeding ae though Presidents
never came a-bathering them.

On the last day of this part of his e x- |

Cinrabar exiles who met the President | ploration s the President went within a few

to-day {or the first time since they escorted
him to the park gate on April 8 were the

{

miles of Soda Butte, one of thd stations
where a non-commissioned officer

Stories of ihe two weeks’ adventures told. } three men are marooned in October with
Everybody who had Leen with the President, {

from John Burroughs, uow officially desig-
naicd as Oom Jolin by the President, and
Major Pitcher to the humblest teamster
yas in ihe highest good spirits and full
of chuckles over the incidents of the trip.

The account here given is a compilation
of the stories told by all of them witl the
dates and places fixed by the data of Major
Pitcher’s diary.

“Buffalo” Jones, the chief game warden

“of the park, went with the President

‘herd of bison are kept.

to the corral in whieh the lately imported
There dre thirty
or maofeé other buffalo in the park, but they
in such inaccessible places that the
ident would have had to sacrifice al-
most all the rest of his trip to get near them.
. Tha President requested that ex-Sheriff
Roaring Bill Jones of the Bad Lands
(rho must, not be confused with Wagner
or Mr. Buffalo Jones) be found and brought
to call on him. Major Piteher sent out
ecquts, wha discovered Mr. Jones, but
feturned to the post’ without him,
gtately that io< their judgment

. Jones was too much elgted and re-

over the President's presence in the

borhood to make it advisable that he

eall,, The visit was, therefore, deferred
until the President’s return from the park..

Two volunteer admirers of Mr: Jones
took him in band two days ago end he
was only tely ent tie when he
came to the moth * ge to-day,
although he declared to. the President with
great frankness that he meant to make up
for lost time as soon as he could get back to
Jerry Melloy's. . .

At @ o'clock Thureday morning the Presi-
dent, Major Pitcher, Sergt. Tilford, Guide
Billy Hofer, Scout Waguer, two orderliea,
teamsters and packers made their- start
for the first outpost on. Blacktail Creek,
which was reached before noon.

The President rode a big white troop
horse of B tfoop, which had been picked
up for him by Lieut. Dorsey Cullen, on
whom fell the executive management of
the gexcursion. Buffalo Jones
joined with his famous pack of twenty-two-
doilar-a-head cougar hounds, with which the
Interior Department is trying to extermi-
nate the. wildcats which are fattening on
the park gamer. ;

The President announced that he would
not take a shot at anything that jumped.
Buffalo Jones is authorized by the Secre-
tary to kill cougars, and he was rather
anxious to show .the President how the
thing was done.

On Saturday and for several days after-
ward he started out his hounds. They
made an excellent chorus, but tracked
no catamounts. They were therefore ex-
cused, ag was also Mr. Jones, who had
time, however, to explain to the President
many political theories which he gathered
as a leader of Populist tBught in Kansas.

At the camp the party found Lieut.
Cullen. He had found a double bench over
the Yellowstone's roaring current. On
the upper one were pitched the President's
tent and those of the officers and Billy
Hofer. The rest of the outfit was on tho
bench below. The cavalry officers refused
the President's suggestion that the place
be called Trout Camp and named it Camp
Roosevelt. It will be used, they say, 4
one of the best sites for tourist campers
to be found anywhere in the park.

On Friday morning the party went up
the Yellowstone toward Hell Roaring Creek.
This is the district patrolled regularly by
fieout Wagner, who was once an officer

high rank in Austria and has lost none

his fine manners with the assumption of

* changed name and a civilian uniform.
The title Duke of Hell Roaring Creek

> &
3

4

ll of a seasoned
battering it with his wings.
elk, however, managed to get into thic
timber and eecaped.

On Easter Sunday the President an-
nounced that he was going off by himself.

E

Me absolutely refused the proffer of an |

a re ee ee
- algerie ets sears cae

six months’ rations and are out of communi-
cation with the publie uati] June or July.

The men patrol for the poachers, moving
from one snowshoe. station, as the caches
are called, to another. It is told that a
soldier several years ago got away from his
station and made his way to Cody, Wyo.,
and the railroad and spent the winter in
Chicago without anybody being thé wiser,
getting back to his station just in time to
revort with the other outpost men.

Tt was a rather difficult matter to get
anybody but Oom Jchn to tell of the Presi-
dent's manifestations of his enjoyment in
pursuit of the game. It was left for Mr.
Burroughs to tell how the President was
seated on a cracker box, shaving, one
morning when mountain sheep were
sighted and dashed off to watch them with-
out removing the tather from his face.

Qrderlies Hetchell and Hudson ,oomed
large among their comrades because it
ywas whigpered around thai when ations
were short one on Uncle John Yancey’s
trail the Commander, f aought them
out and forced them to share Kis chocolate
and sardincs } Pa

Tt fs Lieut. Cullen who -mmprele-emong
hie friends at the nerve displayed by the
Repent when‘the big white Bonaparte
mi his faoting on the Blacktajl Mountain
and the idént was very near to sliding
off a hillsid® that showed no protuberance
to stop his fall for sheer two hundred yards.
Tt was the President himself who told of
the unfortunate test of an atitomatic
revolver. Somebody pointed out a running
coyote to the President and asked him to
take a shot at it. He refused point blank,
but later he agreed to do a little target
shooting with Major Pitcher. At the
eacond discharge of the revolver the ejected
shell flew back and cut the President's
cheek deeply, just under his right eye,
and missed his eveglasses by only half an
inch or a0. The President announced that.
he would never use that particiJar arm
again.

Tt is evidence of the splendid condition of
the President that the cut hes already healed
completely. No one who knows him has
ever even Mr. Roosevelt looking better.
His face is dark with tan. It would be
positively disrespectful to the Presidentiel
office to deacribe the condition in which
the mountain wilds and cold and storms
and eun have left the Presidential nose.
It is the general hope that the new skin
will be completed in time for the ceremo-
nies in St. Louie.
The second part of the trip to the Geyser
Basins wae not as prolific in adventures as
was the trip to the Yellowstone River. Supt.
Child of the transportation company’s
hotel system war added to the party. Lieut.
Cullen staved bebind in the Yellowstone
k up the cam

Vener foua that an ice bridge had formed
over the falls, which was being used by
coyotes. The snow war ming very
t and everybody took to skis. The
wonder of everybody was the aptitude
Mr. ye showed in this practice.
In runnin to and out a hollow, how-
ever, in front of Major Pitcher’s camera
h the mt and Mr. Burroughs

. Indeed, it is rumor

is a negative Pp Major
collection which shows the
gu naturalist's
fish in the air than his head to the
t merriment of @ distinguished states-

oe who is rayed in not much better
plight himself,

On snowshoes the President was under

al care of, Scout Jim MoBride,
Mac ia one of the muecle-bound, taditurn,
grim-spsaking frontiersmen who have rur-
vived the Advancing waves of ern
softening influences. He made a place for
himself, it was quite apparent, close to Mr.
Roosevelt's highest 4p recintae.

The Prosident to h yesterda
retty near the highest compliment whic
he kpows. He anid “Mao would | have
made an idea! man for my re nt.

The was greatly used in tbe
cafion the contest in courtesy between
he President and Mr. Burroughs.

found a pygmy ow! hooting away in
ly state in the. top of a
ry

not get a ve
mk him and accordingly felt the |

and get them, Mr. Presi-
Burroughs. ‘No, you
rejoined the

® President;
. he and
ht here where roy are one

up that tree unt
n

iff to the camp and back in
time. The owl was noted with great

record
4 x

a ee esident de litgle. eneech te
the at minoth Springs Hotel
thie ’ tolling them how much he
enjoyed the park.

loomorrow afternoon, before departin
wo Wryomin, Nebraska, the Presiden

dedicate new gate at the ner
entrance of the park and will lay the corner-
stone under the aueploes of the G ge

. He is &
Of be a formal public expression of his

jon
appreciation of the usefulness of the
— nel
Telephone ist Madions Baenre
Rhee it rou e
or to any point.

—_

Se

ee LT

and !

NEW YORK, FRIDAY. APRIL 24. 1903.—copvrion, 1, The Sun Printing ond Publishing Associgtion.

|
TO ENDOW ROOKER WASHING-

TON'S TUSKEGEE INSTITUTE.

Ironmaster Calls Him the Medern Moses
and Father ef His Race, and Requires
That Provision Be Made for His Family
That He Way Work On Free From Care.

Andrew Carnegie, who attended the meet-
ing to aid Tuskegee Institute, at which ex-
President Cleveland presided, has now sent
to the trustees of the inatitute a gift of $600,-
000 toward ihe endowment fund.

The gift is made through Trustee Wiliam
H. Baldwin, Jr. One condition is attached
to it, and with that the trustees will cheer-
fully comply. Mr. Carnegie requires that
provision shall be made by the trustees
for the wante of President Booker T. Wash-
ington and his family during his own or
his wife's lifetime.

“To me,” Mr. Carnegie writes, “he seems

Moses, who leads his race and lifis it through
education to even better and higher things
than a land overflowing with milk and
honey.”

meeting to add to the endowment fund,
Tt was also announced that $56,000 was
urgeutly needed for current expenses.

The trustees of the
next week to take formal action in accepting
the gift and at the same time to take meas-
ures to increase the endowment stil! further.

Three members of the

and his family.
committee, Mr, Bald-

fendowment fund

| win, Robert C. Ogden and George Foster |
Peabody, are now attending a conference |

at Richmond, Va. Here is Mr. Carnegie's

letter conveying the gift:

New Yorx, April 17, 1803.

; William H, Baldwin, Jr., Truatee,

\ My Dear Fatsxo: | have instructed Mr.
Franks, any cashier, to deliver to you as
trustee of Tuskegée Instituts $60,000 in
5 per cent United States Steel Cotapany

| first mortgage bonds toverd the endowment

fund.

I give this without reservation, except

that [ require that suitable provision be made |

from the gift for the wants of Booker Wash-

ington and his family during his own or bis
! wife's life. I wish that great and good man

to be entirely free from pecuniary cares,
’ that he may be free to devote himeclf to hie
; great mission.

To me he seems one of the greatest of liv-
ing men because his work is unique—the
modern Moses who leads his race and lifts
it through education to even better and

' higher things than a lund overflowing with
milk and honey. History is to tell of two
Washingtons, one white, the other black,
both Fathers of their People.

I am satisfied that the serious race prob-
lem of the South is to be solved wisely only
through Mr. Washington's policy of educa-
tion—which he seems to have been specially
born, a slave among Alaves, to establish and
in his own day greatly to advance.

Glad am I to be able to-assist this good
work, in which you and others so zealously
labor. Truly yours, ANDREW CARNEGIE.

To a Sun reporter who saw him: last
sight at the Hotel Manhattan Booker T.
Washington said that Mr. Carnegte’s gift
came as a great surprise to him.

“The éxpenses of the Tuskegee school,”
said he, “are $152,000 a year, the greater
part of which I have had to raise. About
$102,000 of that must be raised every year.
The income from (his $600,900 which Mr.
Cannegie gives us will be used very largely

toward decreasing the amount I have to |

raise annually hy subscription. But it

will not be sufficient to cover the whole
amount.

“We have already about $410,000 in our

| endowment fund. Mr. Carnegie's gift will

raise it to more than a million. But we

really need $2,000,000 to relieve the school |

j from all necessity. However, we are moet

rateful to Mr. Carnegie for thie gift. Aside |

rom that Hie has given usa library building

at Tuskegee. He gave us $20,000 for the
library about four years ago
“I think that was the first time I ever
eaw him. I called upon him. He told me
that he had read my book ‘Up From Slavery,’
had become interested and had a copy
of the book in his library at Skibo Castle.
*1 don't know of any epecial reason that
induced him to make his gift at this time,
but I think he had his mind made up to
do something for the colored people.
“I think he had in mind the fact that L
ought to have a chance to devote more of
my time to remaining at the school, instead
of being compelled to be away from it so
much. The principal of the gift is not
to be touched; only the income.

“As eoon as T received the news I tele-

graphed it to the school.

*I may say that Mr. Carnegie has been

giving us quietly, all along, $10,000 a year

That has not been known publicly. This

morning I called to thank him for the new

. We had a long and pleasant chat

Just what we talked about I cannot reveal.

But I can say that the entire South, include

ing ths negro race, will thank Mr. Carnegie

for his large gift. I think and I hope it will
bring others.

“I wouldn't like itto go forth that this

would relieve the schoolfrom all necessity,

But, as 1 said before, we are very grateful.

Mr. Carfiegie had promised to go to the

school in February, but he was under the

weather and was compelled to forego the
visit.”

Mr. Washington said that there are now
1,408 students at the school. They pay their
own board in labor or incash, but mainly in
labor. They buy their books, but the
cost of tuition constitutes a large part of
the school’s expense account.

Asked if he thought Mrr Cleveland's
speech at the Madison Square Concert Hall
meeting had in any way influenced Mr.
Carnegie to make the $000,000 gift, Mr.
Washington said he did not know. Mr.

| guest while here to attend the meeting.

As a@ result of that meeting $18,000 was

raised, most of which will go toward paying

' the current expenses of the school

Mr. Carnegie will sail for Eurone to- |

i morrow. He will go aboard the steamer
to-night

i Gt BS $50,000 TO HOMB CULT. RE CLUBS.

NontTuampTen, Mass., Aprii 25.— George |

W. Cable, president of the Home Culture

Clube Corporation, seid at the annual meet- |
| ing of the Home Culture Clubs council to-
‘day that Mr. and Mrs, Andrew Carnegie |

| had offered the clubs £50,000, to be ised in
| extending their equipment. The condition
| t« that the clube shall secur: pledges for

annua! contributions 4o their support fcr

a period of five years amounting to double
| the sum thet has hitherto been expended in
the werk.

Watchman.

sae ati ae tt MGS

and St. «,

one of the greatest of living meu, the modern |

The sum of $600,000 was Wit Booker -
Washington asked for at the Carnegie Hall |

institute will meet |

They will thon provide for Mr. Wasi.ington |

Cleveland, however, was Mr. Carnegie’s |

| ‘41 DEAD RY EXPLOSION.
| OfWce Force of Northwestern Star Ot) Ce,
7 » &t Minneapolis Wiped Oui.

j Miwweapouis, Minn, April 23.—A large
tank of gasolene in the mill of the North-
| western Star Oil Company blew up shortly
| before noon to-day, killing eleven persons,
terribly burning six and injurfhg a dozen.
The eleven dead are buriefl under the
amoking débris.

The outside walls of the building were
levelled by the explosion and in a moment
the ruins were on fire. Six men succeeded
in escaping from the building immediately
after the explosion, while the rest of the
employees were buried beneath the ruins.
The dead are:

eW. H. Davis, president; C. H. Durrin,
general manager; Stanislaus W. Mitchell,
cashier; Jacob Donim, bookkeeper; Miss
Caroline A. Record, bookkeeper; Harold
C. Colborn, clerk; Miss Ella M. Roundy,
stenographer; David Dacey, foreman: John
Spotanske, laborer; Joseph abreche,
| laborer. Seven injured, three fatally, are
in the city hospital. ;

The entire office force, from the president
' of the company down, was killed. There
is none of the company left but four
| stockholders.

The plant covered an acre of ground, and
the strange part of the disaster is that
the office, which was wrecked, was further
from the explosion than any other part of
the building, and some escapes were made
from the immediate vicinity of the
, exploded tank.

One body burned beyond recognition was
recovered this evening.

BAILEY'S $200,000 FER.

| Texas Senator Gets That Sum fer Wall
Street Work for J. H. Kirby.
Daiuas, Tex., April 23.-United States
' Senator J. W. Bailey of Texas, who in sbsent
in the East, is receiving congratulations
| on having recently received a fee of $200,000
for services rendered in New York financia!
| circles. ‘
John H. Kirby, the industrial king of
| Texas, recently determined to re-finance
| one of his large companies operating in
ithe pine forests of southeastern Texas.
The reorganization included plans for the
building of a railroad Mr. Kirby met
Mr. Bailey in Washington and employed him
| to assist in enlisting New York financiers
| in the enterprises, his compensation to be a
fee and commissions amounting to $200,000.
| The negotiations were successful, and
| Mr. Kirby has informed Texas friencs that
Mr. Railey's grasp of information necessary
| to carry through such a cea) was simply
surprising. The company cheerfully paid
the fee to Mr. Bailey

—— ~~ ee ee

DIED PLAYING FIRE ENGINE.
Four-Vear-Oid Driver's ‘Horses’ Datked
and His Excitement Was Fatal.
Andrew Kane, the four-year-old son of
Thomas Kane, a mason of % Marion street,
Brooklyn, fell dead yesterday ‘rom ex-
citement while playing fire engine with a
number of playmates. The boy had al-
ways been in robust health. Occasionally
i he had fits of anger, and while in that
condition he worked himself up to great
excitement
When his mother let him go out to play
yesterday morning the boy met some of
his companione and they decided to play
fire engine. They used a long piece of
twine for harness and Kane became the
driver of the “three-horse team," as he
called his playmates. He hacl a small
switch, and while driving them along Marion
street @ the direction of Reid avenue he
shouted out a fire alarm. He wanted to
turn his team into Reid avenue, but the
“horses” balked, and while he was trying to
make them mind him with his switch he
became greatly excited and fell forward
on his face
The boy horses ran ahead with the har-
ness trailing, but when Kane failed to rise
his companions ran back to see what had
happened to him. He lay mAtionleas, and
| come men who came along picked him up
and carried him to William Buderus’s drug
etore at 1726 Fulton street, where the drug-
gist tried by means of artificial respiration
to keep the boy alive. A telephone message
was sent to Dt. Hussey at 409 Stuyvea-
ant avenue, but on his arrival the boy was
dead. :
| Coroner's Physician Wuest reported that
| death was due to shock following excit
ment °
'
| or William May of
| father and several other members of the
| family are buried in that city

MRS. WHITNEY'S BODY REMOVED.

- Wl Be Retnterred tn Washington.
The bodies of Mrs. William C
and Mrs. Whitney's first husband, Capt.
Arthur Randolph, were removed yesterday
from the burialground of Grace Church, at
Douglaston, L.1.,and sent to Washington,

May family cemetery lot.

| TROXTOM BEALE WEDS MISS O6E

Whitney |

--—

FOR WHOM HE SHOT A ’FRISCO
EDITOR A FEW MONTHS AGO.

Ho Was Harrison's Mjnister to Persia aad
Is the Late James G. Biaine’s Divorced
Ron-in-law—Quiet Marriage Fellows
@treaveus Cour ting Days in the West.

Truzton Beale, who served as United
States Minteter to Persia under President
Harrison and later was Minister to Greece
and who is the divorced husband of a daugh-
ter of the late James G. Blaine, was married
yesterday to Miss Marie Oge of San Rafael,
Cal, Migs Oge was for ceversl years one
of the acknowledged belles of San Fran-
ciaco. She ie a granddaughter of former
Chief Justice Chase of the United States
Su Court.

The marriage ceremony waa performed
in the afternoon at the Cambridge Hotel
by the Rev. Dr. Walier D. Buchanan. The
wedding took place so far away from
the bride’s home to avoid notoriety owing
to several unpleasant incidents attending
Mr. Beale’s courtship.

Last September Mr. Beale sought out
and shot Frederick Marriott, proprietor
of the Overland Magazine and the San Fran-
cleco News Letter, for an alleged libel upon
Miss Oge. Beale was accompanied by
Thomes H. Williams, Jr., president of the
Gan Francisco J Club. Both men
were arrested, but as Mr, Marriott's injuries

d not prove serious, the mn was

, The object le article was

in the News Letter. It ed to

a preerietion of a pillow fi ‘she take
women who were 6

ai the lan oh the summit Mor Most Tamal-

Au it happened that in this very week a

rty of, atria rominent in San Francisco \
Boley ted the famous mountain,
the article stirred up a scandal. The young
women, among whom was Miss One. fe;

clara that they had been ly

Beale and lame cought ut Mr. Mar-
Hott and Beale shot ‘him. z :
Mr. Ww. Sserartived hore from Call:

fornia a week ago aud went to the Cam-
bridge. They were joined later by Mrs. !
R. McLean, of the Mr. Beale

Jo a
who lives in Washington.
| Mr. and Mrs. Beale |
. They wiil etay
Rw 1 Teammey. when
‘or Europe on t Kaiser
Il. Mr. Beale is said to have
wan Beale married wie, Be Blaine
about ten ; vy separat
four yeare oko and tate son was Cllowed i
to live with Mrs. Beale, who has her home
in Washington. Before coming to New
Bede sige ove oromerey said at San 00
al over rty at
to his seven-year-old boy, Walker Blaine
. The property included the old
Beale mansion.

Mr. Beale ts the aon of Gen. Edward F.
Beale, who after long service in the v
was appointed Minister to Austria by -
dent Grant, and he isa of -
dore Truzton and a cousin of Admiral
Porter.

FRANK MUNSEY’S AUTO ABLAZE.

Caught Fire Nedr the Casine tn Central
Park and Drew a Big Crewd.
Frank A. Muneey, the publisher, took a
y of friends to the Casino jn Central
ark last night for dinner in hia big new
Panhardautomobile. While ihe party was
at dinner the machine was left standing in
the Conoourse in care of the driver, Herman
Stillwagon.

The machine caught fire and made such
a blaze that the dihers left their tables,
while pereons walking in the Park rushed
to the soune, thinking the Casino was in
flames

The driver and Policeman Keenan put
the blaze out with the aid of & hase con-
nected with a hydrant, but not until the
automobile had been badly damaged. The
machine was towed to the stable where it
is kept and Mr. Munsey and his friends
went home in cabs.

AUTO HITS DR. WILLARPPARKER.
He Goes to Roosevelt Hospital With His
Right Leg Breken.

Dr. Willard Parker of 8 Weet Ninth street,
whose father was one of the most eminent
family physicians in the city. was run
down by anautomobile, last night, in Forty-
second street, between Madison and Van-
derbilt avennes, and went ta Roosevelt
Hospital with hie right leg broke: and
some sexere bruises. He is not danger-

ously hurt. He ia 59 years old.

Tho automobile was a new one, owned
by Smith & Mabley, manufacturers, and
wan out on a trial trip, with a driver and a
machinist on board. It wes made for a
Philecelphian. It struck Dr. Parker and
threw him against the boarding around
the subway excavation. He called a cab
and went to the hospital in it. The driver
of the auto, Alfred Teron, was arrested.

—_—- -

\ TIMED LEWIS NIXON'S’ AUTO.

Capt. Randolph's, Her First Hasband, Alse | Policeman Says It Went 18 Miles an Hear

and Arrested the Driver.

Mr. and Mre. Lewie Nixon afd a man
friend were stopped last night by Bicrcle
Policeman Rensselaer as they were going
up Fifth avenue in Mr. Nixon's big auto-
mobile. The policeman rays he first saw

D. C., where they will be reinterred in the | them at Twentieth atreet, and timed them as

far as Twenty-second street. He says they

Mre. Whitney was a daughter of the late | went the two blocks in 20 seconds, or at the
Washington. Her |

rate of eighteen miles an hour.
The policeman says that he shouted to
them and that Philip Adame, driver of the

Capt. Rando!ph of the British Army, who | machine, slowed up. Rensselaer followed

met Miss May when she was abroad and who
afterward came tothie.country and married
| her, died on Aug. 8. 1885, and was buried in
| the Douglaston churchyard near his country
| estate.
Mrs. Randolph was married to Mr. Whit-
| ney at Bar Harbor on Sept. 20, 1806. She
| died on May 6, 1808, at Mr. Whitney's home
' in Wheatley Hills L. I, as the result of
an accident which occurred while she was
riding her horse. She was buried beside
| her first husband.
Mr. Whitney went to Washington yester-
| day to arrange for the reception of the
bodies.

LODGE MAY SUE MARCONI.

+ remneees: ©

Alleges ‘That Radiator and Coherer Are
(infringements on Patents.
Special Cadts Despatch to Taa Sux,

Lonpon, April 23.--It is reported that
Sir Oliver Lodge. F. R. 8., may sue Signor
Marconi on the ground of an infringement
| of his (Lodge's) patents in connection with

the installationa in America of the Lialian
| inventor's system
| Sir Oliver Lodge contends that Marconi's

vertical radiator, coherer and other es-
| sentidlsare infringements on his patents.

_- ee

Bernett'’s Extract of Vanilla
te ae ereeraaes everyerenye. Sold by best grocers.

poe

}
!

|

the machine to Twenty-fourth street and
then arrested Adams. The whole party
went to the Tenderloin station, where Mr
Nixon told the sergeent that he wanted to |
aesume all the responsibility.

Mr. Nixon aaid he was pretty eure the |
machine was not going more than cight or
nine miles an hour, and that it had followed
a slow-going bus nearly all the way up the
avenue. The policeman, however, stuck
to his stop-wateh, and Adams was held.
Mr. Nixon gave bai) for him.

Richardson Quits Pollties fer Masenry.
Mose, Ala., April 23.—Congreasman
James D. Richardeon, former Democratic |
leader of the House, who was at the re- |
union of Scottish Rite Masons of Alabama
thie week, raid, when closing his speech
at & diuner in the Battle House, that he

decided to quit politics and devote
If to the work of Scottish Rite
Masonry

Senbeard Air Line Raflway.
trains, Penas. KR. Ni. Weet 28d
le

Douple dal!
“¢ Pe ecm and 12:00 w . Taroues,
Aful route, fev Jocksouv id
pe: alec to Atlanta and the Sournwest. Of: |
hoe, lit Hreadway.— ifr '
Te Grand Rapide

Seer |

LIEUT.GOV. LEE TELLS ALL.
Back th St. Leuls te Explain the Boodle
Scandal

St. Lours, Mo., April 23.—Lieut.-Gov.
John A. Lee returned to the city to-night
from Chicago, accompanied by Mrs. Lee.
He went to the home of Circuit Attorney
Folk at 4010 Delmar avenue, where, by
prearrangement, he met Attorney-General
Crow, who is conducting the Cole county
Grand Jury investigation of legislative
boodling at Jefferson City, and Circuit
Attorney Folk, who is looking after the
local end of the investigation.

The conference, which began shertly
after 8 o'clock, was in eeasion for over
three hours. It was said that the Lieu-
tenant-Governer was making a full and
complete statement of his knowledge o
boodling for several years back. The
slum scandal was probed deeply.

Lee was questioned particularly with
regard to the implication in the deals of
certain Senators known to havé been con-
cerned, but who have not yet been indicted.
It is aaid Lee laid bare the whole boodle
conspiracy.

Lee gave out a statement to the press
covering the main points in the boodle
ecandal, but failed to mention anything
about the gathering in the Laclede, where
he is alleged to have disbursed $27,000 Bak-
ing Powder boodle among legislators.

The conference terminated shortly after
11 o'clock to-night, and at its conclusion
it was said that it had been eminently sat-
isfactory to Messrs. Crow and Folk.

Lee will appear before the local Grand
Jury to-morrow.

CHINA APPEALS TO POWERS

Fer Help to Resist New Demands Made
by Russta.
Special Cable Despatch to Tam Sux.
PEKIx, April 23.—China has declined to
accede to the demands made by Russia as
acondition precedent to her evacuation of
Manchuria, and will appeal to the other
Powers for help in resisting the demands.
Russia seeks to obtain from China an

; agreement that no new port in Manchuria

be opened to foreign trade; that no new
Consuls be admitted to the territory; that

! no foreign officials other than Russians be

employed in Manchuria; that centro) of
the sanitary commission at Newchwang
be given to Russia; that the receipts of the
Manchurian customs be deposited with the
Rusao-Chinese Bank; that permission be
given that Russian wires be attached to
Chinese telegraph poles; thet‘ the status
of the administration remain as heretofore,
and that no territory be alienated to other
Powers

FATIL ROW “AT CRONSTADT.

Many Killed or Wounded tn Clash Bet ween
Russian Army and Navy.
Special Cadle Despatch to Tar SUN.

Loxpox, April 24.—A despatch to the
Daily Mail from St. Petersburg says that
a brawl! between 2,000 men of the Caspian
Regiment and marines occurred at Cron-
stadt last Monday, Many were killed or
wounded

Vice-Admiral Makaroff, the commandant
at Cronstadt, was wounded. It is «aid
that some officers were killed. The brawl
arose from the traditional hatred between
the Russian land and sea forces.

GIRLS IN A MOR.

They Accuse Chairman Oxley of Cheating
and Ge for Him.

A meeting of the Hat Trimmers’ Un‘on
was held last night at Peter Cooper's Hall
in South Orange avenue, Newark, in which
nearly 260 wemen and gir's perticipated.
William Oxley wes the only man present.
He presided. While theelecticn of a presi-
dent waa going on, several young women
arose and accused Oxley of cheating in the
ballote.

Iratantly there was arow. Six young
women fainted and a rush was made for
the narrow stairway. Many of the women
were bruised in the jam. The police were
called and had great difficulty inextricating
the women and restoring order. They did
not get ‘nto the hall, however.

Oxley, who was instrumental in forming
the upion of
president since it was formed in Januarr.
The meeting was called last night for the
purpose of selecting a permanent presi-
dent

The firet woman to get out had shouted
that somebody was being murdered. When |
the police came it was found that there |
had been a lot of hair-pulling and scratching,
but nobody was very serionely hurt.

WOMAN LIVED AS A MAN.

“Aaron Burke,"' a Kentucky Parmer, Dies
Suddenly---Real Name Was Mrs. Green.

Maptsonvitie, Ky., April 23.—Aaron !
Burke, a farmer who died suddenly in
Muhlenberg county, twelve miles west of
thia place, yesterday, was a woman and her
naine was Mra. Fred Green. She came to
Muhlenberg county about thirteen years
ago with a emall child. She was dressed |
in men’s clothes and lived in one room ona !
small farm during the entire time. |

Mre. Green told a neighbor who waa |
with her before she died that her home |

) was in Massachusetts and that she had |

assumed man's garb because she could |
make a better living that way than other- |

| ‘wise. The only known living relative of | Henry ©.

the woman is her little daughtey, Carroll.
THREW HIS MONEY AWAY.

Tenderiein Liberality Leads to Mr. Longe-
neoker’s Arrest.

Cabman John Kelly drove a man in his
hansom t#/the saloon at Twent y-fifth street
and Seventh avenue at 11 o'clock laat night.
The fare invited the cabman in to drink.
They drank. When they came out the
man began to amuee himself by throwing
emall change to the crowd.

How much he had thrown away when
Detectives Kehoe and Molver arrived |
no one could tell. Both fare and
were locked up in the West Twentieth
street police station for being drunk.
fare says he is Bertram ker, a
dentist of 657 Tenth street, Brooklyn. He
had $210 left.

Te &. Leute and Back, 621.33,
via Lackawanna Railroad. Throwgh Pullman
leave New York Wo A. M.. arrive

oiale ai

BS Stiss Reon ae

trimmers, had acted as }

| pervice demanded

jth
éollars.
—Aée.

PRICE TWO CENTS.

\

AS TTNERROBS SAFE
Removes Papers From
Post Office Department.

GEN. TYNER AT ONCE DISMISSED,

She Says Her Conduct Was
Directed by Her Husband.

It Is Follewed by the Summary Remeval
of Gen. Tyner Frem the Office of Am
sistant Atterney-General—He Bad
Been Asked to Resign, His Resigna-
tton to Take Effect on May 1—He Sent
His Wife te His Office to Remeve Ris
Papers and She Had the Gafe Breken
@pen by an Expert and Rided It of
Ite Contente—Refused te Admit Peat
Office Inspectors to Her House eo te
Gtve Up the Recerds—Husband aad

“wire Liable to Fine and Imprisonment.

Wa8sHINGTON, April 23.—James N. Tyner,
Assistant Attorney-General for the Post
Office Department, was to-day iy
removed. The circumstances of the case
are somewhat sensational, and arrests
will undoubtedly follow. On Tuesday
afternoon, after the Department had cloeed
for the day, Mrs. Tyner, accompanied by
her sister, Mra. Barrett; whose son was
formerly Assistant Attorney-General wider
Mr. Tyner and whose conduct is now being
investigated by the Department, and G.
G. Hamner, a safe expert in the employ
of the Mosler Safe Company, entered the
office of the Assistant Attorney-General,
broke open the safe and abstracted and cér-
ried away all the papers, records and official
documents it contained. Mrs. Tyner says
that this was done by direction of her hus-
band. Admission to her home or access
to the stolen papers has been refused post
office jnspectors.

Postmaster-Genera) Payne has called
on Attorney-General Knox to secure the
documents and prosecute the guilty parties.
It is probable, however, that in the mean-
time post office inspectors, who are invested
with ful! police powers, will take the
matter in their awn hands, search the Tyner
home under the authority of @ search
watrent and make arrests. .

These developments in the Tyner casa.
came as a surprise to Postmaater-General —
Payne and other officials of the Depart-
ment. Long May | was decided upon
as the date for Mr. Tyner’s retirement,
and it was believed that the severance of
his connection with the postal service
and the appointment of his successor would
be unmarked by any recurrence of the
reports of maladministration in the e@aira
of the Assistant Attorney-General’s office
or by any new and unexpected develop-
ments.

It has been known at the Department
that, despite Mr. Tyner's long illness and
the fact that for over a year he hag béen
unable to perform the duties of his office,
he still did not wish to resign. But Post-
master-General Payne decided last No-
vember that for the good of the service
Mr. Tyner must go, and he was so notified
Mr. Payne wished the resignation to teke
immediate effect, but after several painful

| interviews with Mr. Tyner and one per-
sonel appeal by Mrs. Tyner, he was per- .
suaded to allow the resignation to take
effect on Mav 1, with the express under-
standing that in the meantime Mr. Tyner
was to have nothing to do with the affairs
of his office. This was agreed to, and it
was thought he had accepted the inevitab!e.
When the alleged connection of the Assist-
ant Attorney-General’s office with the St.
Louis turf investment scandals *as brought
to the notice of the Postmaster-General,
and it became known that on Dec. 12, the
only day the Assistant Attorney-General
was at hie deek during the lest six months,
he had sent a letter to the Arnold Turf
Investment Company of St. I ouis, announc-
ing that the cese against them had béen
closed, which they later used in their

| advertising literature, Mr. Tyner expressed

a wish to remain until the investigation
then ordered into the affairs of his office
should be concluded. But Mr. Payne,
believing that the best interests of the
the removal of Mr.
Tyner, who was mentally and physieélly
incapable of performifig his duties, and,
in addition, having in view Mr. Tyner’s
long and honorable connection with the
postal service, insisted that the l
date be adhered to and that Ste ease
refrain from interference with the aSaire
of his office.

Mr. Tyner protested, and since then Mr
Payne has been highly displeased at the
publication from time to time of interviews
with Mr. Tyner, severely criti Assisi -
ant Attorney-General A. C. Chi oh
who has practically been at the head of
Assistant Attorney-General's office for-the
last two years and in whose ability end tn-
tegrity Mr. Payne has implicit confideaco.
The Postmaster-General's views were again
communicated to Mr. Tyner, and on Mareh
® Mr. Payne received the following letter

| of resignation from him:

Payne, Postmaater-General:

Dean Str: Lest the effects of the
stroke of paralysis which recently di
my left leg partially and my left arm
may prevent me from performing my
satisfactorily for some time to come Ba
sistant Attorney-General for the Post
Department, I deem it proper to tender
resignation of said office, to take effect
1, 1902,

Jt is painful to me to thus sever my cOnned-
tion with the portal service, with which T
have been closely associated as an offeer of
the Department and a wember of Congtes-
sional committees at intervals over e perted of
forty-two years, Very truly yours. ~

James N. Tremp

Postmaster-General Payne, A
displeaced with Mr. Tyner's conduct h
regard to certain matters affecting his
retirement, gave due consideration to~his
long and honorable career in the postel

“Old Point Comfort, Richmend
and Washington.”
Sia-day tour vie Pennsylvania 4
. ein six dollars from ew Veo otters
*. Ol6 Point Comfort,

Tourist Agent, No. 73 an

‘ hy,

ht

ay