8 Paes ro ete.

VOL, LESH, 754,

RUSSIA'S DEMAND

Czar Gatled On te Abolish the
Imperial Counc, =

|

*VEW YORK,

00 TORNHOSEON COPS AND CROWD

Wenifntietee Af civ in rlatyta fey the
Fhe Piven covnnatelmna sip front! rs
alrite we tie hee at 4
henne Hee FR reppe frette jpet i riot try fee ering
Phe 18 Witt fw fee leterr preteen oof Rev
freee ofew of tint @ihle woe "(fee ’
whew a lew atettehine (he
(4 Pete evpHes

"A caretal eeamination of (he newte
ow tie wire will be fiw free fee
taeh he real feerpreviat hen are innperr lente
Await ing the eatiafection of a@rarian neo la

wet
viyetty iat

erin ret

heath penalty

| The Phere weit net fer deine ite city

FULL POLITICAL AMMESTY,

this Cannot Ge Denied or Oe-

layed, Says the Duma.

foratt of fepty to the Speech Prom the
Throne Pectares the €7a0 Weet We

| @yttally net fo he deferred

if 18 chted feet ermmtew a leew fore Cet meat ieteetions
a
Ane rremwetio lance ane tee the connuilerry
eeproprintion of the lend helon@ing fo
entatea = The Trin alan helele (f neeeeerry
to powe a lew confieming the peoennea in
thete en jeyrnent of cept elatite aret freeing

them from the oppremion of arbitrary |
authority and titetge *
The adfelrem aemrfa fiat aatiefaetion

of the needa of the lnfoetetal clase («
and the firet
dinwetion povet be the peecgeni

tep in thie

| lion of the freedom of ormanivgation and the

Htreweht Closer fo the Peapte thats |
tutions Meagenettte for the @eara fF eft
hy the Off Adminietration Sheutd ite
Ahottehed Freetom of Speech, Frees
snd) Weeting Vitel Mettet for the
Venconte Among the PFiret Tacks te He
trdertakhen  Abotieh Religions
Cinee Metinetions and Geant Universes!
House Regine The Detate

suffrage

Cable Despatch to Tae Sux
Perenastngo, May 15.- The
prepared by the corumission |

St craf

f the ren!
of the Duma in response to the Czar's speech
waa presented to the House this afternoon. |

It opens by reealling the Czar's promise
to preserve the institutions by which the
people were entled to ahare legislative power
with bim and declares that the Duma re-
gards this formal promise as a sure pledgo
of the consolidation and further develop-
ment of order and of legislation, wie’ will
accord with strictly constitutional bases,

The Duma will on its part make every
effort to perfect the principles of popular
representation and will submit for the |
(zgar’s assent a bill relating to thia sub ject,
basing it, in accordance with the unani-
mously expressed will of the people, on
universal suffrage.

Reciprocating his Majesty's appeal to
work for the common good of the father-
land, the address says the representa-
tives are united by an ardent desire to re- |
generate Russia and create an orderly |
State on the basis of all living at peace
with one another and on the firm pillars of
civie freedom.

Continuing, it says: “The Duma holds it
to be its duty to point out that the eondi-
tions under which the country exists render |
really fruitful work for rejuvenating the |
best powers of the nation impossible. The |
country has perceived that the sorest spot |
in our national life is the arbitrary power of
officials, who separate the Czar from his
people, and has declared clearly and unani-
mously that the renovation of our public
life is only possible on the principle of free-

 

|
dom, with the independent participation |
of the people in legislative power and in |
the contro! of legislation through the |
executive authority.” |

Recalling that the manifesto of October |
90 avowed the Czar’s resolution to base
the development of Russia on these princi-
ples, the address says:

*The whole Russian people welcomed
the message with an impassioned cry, |
but the very first) days of liberty were |
darkened by heavy afflictions laid upon the |
land by those who still bar the way of the
people to the Czar, and tr ample all the |
principles of the manifesto under foot
hy those who cover the land with sufferings |
and executions without judicial sentence, |
with atrocities, with fusillades and with im- |
prisonments,

“The acars of this method of govern-
ment on the part of the adminietration
during the past few months have sunk
bo deep into the soul of the people that
no pacification is possi le so long as the
nation is not clearly satisfied that in the
future the acts of violence for which your
Majesty's name is now employed as & cover
nre forbidden to the authorities, so long
as the Ministers are not responsible to the |
representatives of the people, and so long |
asthe whole system of adminietr.tt a is not |
reconstructed.

“Only when the Ministers are made re-
sponsible to the peoplo ean the idea of the
bsolute irresponsibility of the monarch
take root in the hearts of his subjects, Only
a Ministry enjoying the confidence of the
Duma oan strengthen confidence in the
Government, and the existence of such con-
fidence can alone make tranquil the regular
labors of the Duma.

“Above all things, it is first necessary to |
repeal the exceptional laws, the laws of
increased protection, and the state of siege,
under cover of which especially the arbi- |
trariness and irresponsibility of the officials |
make their appearance and develop. At the |
kame time the principle must be adopted
of the responsibility of the administration
to the representatives of the nation.

“Further, there must be introduced the
principle of true popular representation,
which consists in the recognition that the
union of the monarch and people is the only
source of legislative power. Every barrier
between the Emperor and the people must
be removed, Further, there must be no
comain of legislation which would always
be closed to free revision by the representa-
tives of the people in conjunction with the
monarch.”

The address declares in the name of the
people that “the whole nation will renew
its life with all its power and energy if
between it and the throne there be no Im-
perial Council composed of appointed dig-
nitaries and persons elected by the highest
classes, and if the legislative powers of the
Duma are unlimited by special laws.

*In the domain of legislative work before
it the Duma regards as an absolute neces-
tity for the country a precise law assuring
the inviolability of person, liberty, con-
Fcience, speech, the press, association,
meeting and strikers, Without these funda-
mental principles, which were laid down |
hy the manifesto of October 3), no reform
Of social conditions is imaginable.”

“The Duma Is actuated by the unshakable
conviction that neither liberty nor order |
can be assured without the equality of all
citizens baing established before the law.
Therefore the Duma is preparing a bill |
establishing the equality of all citizens
and simultaneously, by removing all class,
national and religious privileges, an
Tort will be made to free the country from
_ Administrative tutetags. While leaving all

i , St

 

 

  

   

' atnpesty
| amnesty which
, of the rational conamence

| political amnesty as the first
| mutual understanding and agreement be-

 
 
     
 
   

rlaht of independent action for tweor roa
ferial and moral welfare

Popular edueation ia another task for
the Pitre. and ales the aatiefeetion of the
long matured demande of the various

nationalities of the Frpite, wine
hiy posible by aatiefving the
fer le of each

nnn
itt apririt ia
Mar jeaty

The atidress coneludes: “Your

WEDNESDAY,

UL LL LL
nnn Or CHTPE Chm E

(renee Poticemen Gay fF Wee Mane fa
apite Theme Get Ge Mare Crater, tne
file Wen Contin’ Wart Mime Grete
an (te Peet Gite Water Tere Genres

The Ween ce ightior Cheney Cheer reieti tet tet
Tit i the cometotion of Chief Cromer of the
FTE fepartmnent after a confiieg with the
poliew goatenteg afternonn af a fewering
lege, fopoed he a mighty enfteke pilin
that waved neveth wat aero he ity from
the asuthewet emer of Thietieth at reat
and Fir avenue

ef re the (ee wena antetieed it
at rove the pfand factory of Jneoh Doll &
door and blind

had cde

fone and gutted the aseh

plant of Jotun MH Carl A joven tenemente
l te the eouth of the tiage tin Baat Twenty
|

ninth atrene and in First avenue were

| men and the police oeenrred

At the threshold of all our labora a«tands a |
| Beet Thirtieth atreet. there are three limber

whieh the «oul of
the binpire, whieh etire
the representatives of the people and pre-
venta us from tranquilly taking the first
step of our legislative enreer, The first
word which ramet through the Duma, which
Was received with the sympathetic cheers
of the whole assembly, was the word
The land thirete for full political
will satisfy the demands
This petition
Itsfulfilment cannot be

atire every

op

qieation
nationality |

cannot be denied,

| delayed

"Your Majesty, the Duma expects full

pledge of

tween the Czar and his people.”

The Duma spent five hours in debating
rules of procedure. The debate on the
address began at 9:30 o'clock to-night.
Many speeches were delivered, but
progress was made.

amptied of dwellers, chiefly Italiane, wha
dragaed nvoat of their heneshold goo
down to the aidewalle and perched on them
there

Tt wae after the fire waa under control
that the trouble between Chief Croker's
Opposite the
piano factory, which oceupies 109 feet in

Thousande of residents of the popu.
lone district had gathered in theee and
thronged the tall lumber piles. Others
had crowded down into the street, almost
mingling with the firemen. The police
made little effort to preserve the fire lines.

Chief Croker's attention was called to the
laxity of the cops. His men told him that
they could not work properly with a mob

yarda

of half grown men interfering. There were |

then more than half a dozen streams play-
ing on the fire ruins from the East Thirtieth

| street side, and more from other points,

| the hose gn them.

After a short adjournment the peasant |

upon continuing the
debate throughout the night until the
address was voted. Their fear of delay
was expressed by M. Nazarenko, one
of their number, who said that if the
Duma adjourned the Upper Chamber
would petition the Caar to grant amnesty,
with the result that certain categories of
prisoners would be freed,and the monarch
would then megniloquently declare that
he was complying with the request of the
Council of the Empire and the Duma would
be left. Several Moderates disapproved
of this, regerding it as offensive, but a
majority of the members cheered raptur-
ously.

The Ministers were not present. Some
of the peasant members criticised the ad-
dress as too feeble. One was cheered
upon complaining of the omission of the

members insiated

| question of female suffrage.

The Upper House debated the address,
eighty members being present, all of whom

| belong to the Jess retrograde section, but
all were overwhelmingly opposed to full, |

unconditional amnesty.
The Council of Ministers bis pronounced

in favor of amnesty, but it did not del |
It is be- ;

with the question of ita extent.
lieved thot the Czar will grant amnesty,
but difficulties cre expected in regard to
executions, for it is not likely that ha will
pardon offenders, such as the asstssin of
Vice-Admiral Kouswiteh, whom the law
regards as murderers.

London, May 16.—The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Times predicts that the
sweeping character of the agrarian pro-
gramme will cause trouble. He says that
the opposition of the Upper House to the
granting of full amnesty has dimmed the
hope of a peaceful solution of the crisis.

 

9500,000 JEWELS FOR HIS BRIDE,

King Alfonso to Give Princess Ena a Dia-
mond Studded Crown.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun,

Manprtp, May 15.—King Alfonso's wedding
gifts to Princess Ena will consist of jewels
valued at half a million dollars,
comprise a golden crown stuided with
diamonds, a diamond diadem, a citmnond
necklace, a pearl necklace, a golden bracelet
studded with diamonds, brooches and @.T-
rings.

In accordance with the order issued by
the Governor, wadded saddle cloths were
used in the last. bullfight here to prevent
the bulls injuring the horses. The bull-
fighters declare that they are dangerous,
and consequently the ider of using such
saddle cloths at the corrida to be held in
connection with the King's wedding fes-
tivities has been abandoned.

 

VIGILANCIA SAFE AT HAVANA,

VAttle Damage Done by the Fire on the
Ward Liner.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

HAVANA, May 15,—The Ward Line steamer
Vigilancia, from New York, which was re-
ported to be on fire off Cape Lookout last
Saturday, arrived here to-day. She re-
ports that the fire started at 9:30 o'clock last
Friday night and was extinguished at 7:39
o'clock Saturday morning. Not 2 per cent.
of her cargo was damaged. What damage

| was done to it was due to water.

The steainer’s engines were stopped for
five hours. The passengers were kept aft
until the fire, which was in the storeroom
forward, was quenched, It is not explained
how the fire started.

WILL QUESTION MRS, SPIER.
Prosecutor Kenney Desires More Informa-
tion Regarding the Shooting.

District Attorney Kenney denied yester-
day a report that an arrest would probably
be made soon in connection with the shoot-
ing of Charles L. Spier, who was killed at
his home in New Brighton on May 7. As
to whether Mr. Spier committed suicide,
accidentally shot himself or was killed by
a burglar the District Attorney still declines
to express an opinion. F

Mr. Kenney said that to-day he might
examine Mre, Spier and Eva Olaff, one
of her servants, as he desired further in-
formation about the case. Coroner Cahill
said that he had not yet set a date for the
inquest. No subpoenas have as yet been
served on any of the persons who will un-
doubtedly be called upon to testify.

 

 

Latest by Marcen! Wiretess.

Ss Oceanic, for New York, was 160 miles cast of
Nantucket lightship ats P. M. yesterday.
oars oe
ay Line

epring ont! the #0 don.
Unc. oe Lalu aa. Ade,

 
  

aha nt
They will | normal.

chiefly from the rear fire eacapea of the |

Fast Twenty-ninth street tenements

The chief looked at the pressing throng
and said calmly, but with decision: “Turn
If the police can't main-
tain lines I will.”

A strong, chill stream was pushed full

in the faces of the crowd and it fled as if a |

battery of machine guns had started pour-
ing shot into it. A few wid4 sweeps of the
water broom cleared away every vesii ge
of humanity.

There were in the multitude thus cleared
away some four or five bluecoats, and they
resented the attack on their uniforms and
declared that Chief Croker had purposely
turned the hose onthem. The chief denied

| this, but said that he was not a bit sorry,

and that he would do the same thing again
if the poliee did not keep back the swarm
of people who had no right within the fire
lines.

The fire was seen first on the ground !

floor of the six story brick piano factory
covering 40% and 406 East Thirtieth strest
and connecting by way of ths ground floor
with the three story brick building on the
southeast corner of Thirtieth street and
First avenue, the upper floors of which
were used by John H. Carl. The piano
factory was saturated with oil, turpentine
and varnish and it was a furnace in less than
a quarter of an hour after the first smoke
burst from the doors, about 5.30 o'clock .
Nearly all the 150 workmen in the two
workshops had started home, swelling
the multitude on the streets. The first
engines that came found there was no

| pressure on the old fashioned mains on
| the cross streets, and their streams were

|

|
|
|

|

|

: fu :
SoBe ee i a Bye eoe eo tet

about as useful as fire extinguishers or

those of a country hand machine in which |

the red shirted “vamps” glory. There
was a fine demonstration of willingness as
on the part of the paasing throng to halp
the firemen stretch the hose, which the
firemen themselves, accustomed to
tematic work, did not oppreciate.
Chief Croker was coming across the river
on a ferryboat when he saw the
tower, which, indeed, was visible even from
Sandy Hook. Deputy Chief Kruger had
already turned in a third alarm. When
the chief landed he turned in two more,
bringing altogether twenty-three engines,

two fireboats, the Hewitt and Strong, six |
But there |

trucks and one water tower.
was no pressure Whatever at some hydrants,
and the average was not 5 per cent. of the
Five engines coupled up with the
fireboats.

A feature of the fire waa the frequent |

bursting of the hose working at hydrants
connected with the avenve mains. ‘The
second atory windows of one tenement in
First
gushing fountain, and the dwellera in the
front rooms fled down the stairs. Charles
Staixner, a three-year-old visiting in the
fire neighborhood, was nearly drowned
hy a flood from a broken hose and was taken
to Bellevue Hospital.

Walls of the piano factory fell on end
crushed the engine room of James Sin-
clair's stone yard, adjoining the factory
on the east.
336 East Thirteenth street, was hurt by fall-
ing bricks and taken to Bellevue. Many

boys and men in dodging the drenching |
from broken hoses fell from the tops of |

lumber piles. William Eberenz of 882
Second avenue broke his left leg, and Paul
Heister of 42 East Thirty-fifth street had his
hip injured.

Capt. Morrissey of Engine 16 rescued a cat
from a fire escape of the factory by ladder.
The windows below the cat. were belching
flame, and it was paralyzed with fear, It
will be appointed mascot to Engine 16.

Among the spectators at the fire were
Alfred Gwynne Vanderbilt and Dr. Darling-
ton of the Health Board. The doctor got
a ducking from a broken hose.

Four tenements in East Twenty-ninth
street were made uninhabitable by fire
and water. Chief Croker said the total
damage would probably be about $200,000,
half of which falls on the piano factory.

Policeman William Krath reported last
night at the East Thirty-fifth street station
house that he had been knocked off a lum-
ber pile when Chief Croker’s men turned
the hore on the crowd. He did not stay
what he was doing on the pile.

 

THREE VESSELS LOST IN STORM, |

 

German Crews Drown in Hurricane in the
North Sea.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THER Sun.

Bertin, May 15.—The German sailing
vessels, the Ingwar, Emilia and Sophia,
have foundered in a hurricane that swept
over the North Sea. Their entire crews
were drowned.

The vessels were all bound for South |

America. The number drowned was

eeventy.
After all, Usher's the
ibat mace \he bigk bali £.mous,—aA,

Sar i ka “ale ye

be

Bys- |

smoke |

avenue were broken by a swiftly |

Philip Stern, 19 years old, of }

WAY fA, 1004, °

avtePrreewr: twee Seerte Piehe Witten.
' Pewee get Mantis Poets
|
nn . w
rereior fhe
( wentene |

1 Hempemet enamel at tive Gite. Prmnerins
WH ant

"ony

anf ia ben
" (he
The meney
ve ate

from

han fF
LA, '
ha
ivtel ievapeevert 1
we ' ¥ efoumnre
ate Gy art @hiety
tn Chrvewrnenent offfeinte
avira Fron (he

wel tee of

peert «tte
tin own
My freer tae
wn free enn
wi Wewehaw in retien for ae

© hte!

Pree ta

Sith Trmmerry hante how gute enaaen

fhhenie @ere noerte The eon @re@e fy the

il Tremerry and (he beotiien fo the dew
| C16

The eoln few if eatlimnated at more
than @? fo ow Cl) are Cited Matee grit
cote prttetoally ene lee ane double engtee

| Thew hewn conneationg then fn the « le

pertinent on Mowtay morning and leone it
tin allay featenley The aenenine connted
| feetering wae 04 0h0 Aw of thew

Bib. Teeweury expert te haew the poh fa

fehewrt he the of of owineee frecfiae

Of the replecenente 61,400,000 baw been
returned by the Fourth National Rank,

Sion be othe) § National City Rank,

$3,000,000 by the Piret National Bante for

acemint of Lavard Proree

Chase National Bank and 1,750.000 by the
National Rank of Commerce for account of

the Guaranty Trust Company
There were no transfera by the Sul-

Treasury to San Francieco veaterday, but

$25,000 wae received from the Sub-Treaaury

there for the aceonnt of a Pacific Conet hank
onteide of Ban Francisco

TRYING TO COOL THE TUNNEL,

wn

CMicnrea

for a Permanent Device.

Chief Engineer Rice of the Rapid Transit
Commission said yesterday that work on

the plans for ventilating the aubway in the |

summer was going on, He said: “We are
boring exit air chambers between stations
to draw the heated air out of the subway.
The plan we have adopted is to pump fresh
air into the stations and to have the warm
air driven out through the exit chambers.
This is intended, however, only aa a tem-
porary expedient, because the problem is
how best to cool the air in the subway.
The air is not foul; it is only of high tem-
perature, due mostly to the heat generated
by the motors of the cars. We are search-
ing for a method which will adequately re-
duce the heat of the atmosphere in the tun-
nel, and when we have decided on it the
underground system will be equipped with
a@ permanent cooling device.”

CLASP KNIVES CACSE WRECKS.

Carried by Fishermen, They Defected
the Compasses.
Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sus,

ToNpDoN, May 15.—‘There have been nu-
merous wrecks of fishing vessels for some
time past owing to inexplicable errors of
the compass. ‘This led the underwriters of
such craft sailing from Grimsby to make
an investigation, with the result that they
| discovered deflections of thé compass
were due to a special type of large clasp
knife that is popular with local fishermen
| for use in their work.

The method of tempering the knife in
the course of manufacture confers upon it
| magnetic properties that are so powerful
that when it is in a whee|man's pocket it
deflects the needle two or three pointe,
and as the man moves the needle gyrates
in the oddest manner. The knives are now
recognized as dangerous, and the skippers
| are forbidding anybody to enter the bridge
house with one of them.

 

FOR STUDY OF\ FARTHQUAKES.

| Prof. Jagger Would Batabilsh Laboratory
for Selentific Rescarch.

Boston, May 15.—That it is possible to
reduce earthquakes and voicanoes to the
level of ordinary risks for insuranve and to
| save numberless human lives by a scientific
study and observation of earth physics is
the opinion of Prof. Thomas August Jag-
ger, Jr., of Harvard University, who went
' to Italy at the request of Prof. Alexander
| Agassiz on April 12 to study Vesuvius, and
| returned to-day.

As a means to this end Prof. Jagger would
like to see at Harvard, or some other suit-
able place, an endowntent for the main-
tenance of a laboratory equipped with every-
thing in the nature of seismographic appli-
ances that science has been able to devise,
conducted by the world's leading men in
this line of inquiry.

 

1G VREARS FOR SELLING LIQUOR,

Vermont Druggist Hare 82,000 Fine to
Work Out Appeal Refused,

Mon TPeELIen, Vt., May 15,.-Almon White,
a druggist at Richford, will probably spend
several years in jail. The Supreme Court
to-day refused White's appeal from a fine
of $2,000 imposed for the illegal sile of
liquor. White has no money and the only
alternative is to serve 16 years and 160 days
in jail.

The druggist and Miss Eva White, his

alcohol which caused the deaths of three
| men last fall.

 

CHIP OF

Rebounded From Asphalt and Cut
Throat- Knd of Thievish Prank.
Seven-year-old Charlie Mandel was play-
ing with some other boys in front of 81
Norfolk street late yesterday afternoon,

GLASS KILLS BOY,
His

ordinary drinking glass down hard on the
asphalt pavement. The glass struck near
| Charlie's feet, with a crack, flying into a
thousand pieces.

At the same instant, the boy uttered a cry
of pain and clutched at his neck. Blood
| was spurting between his fingers in little
jets. He sank tothe pavement. The other

oys were terror stricken.

Samuel Sabotsky, who was passing,
ran to the lad, picked him up in one arm
and slapping his hand over the wound,
| hurried to a drug store at 211 Broome street.
| When he got there the lad was unconscious,

and when a doctor from Gouverneur Hos-
pital arrived, he was dead from loss of

blood, A piece of the flying glass had
severed his jugular vein.

Detectives learned from two boys that
Harry Weisberg, who lives at 143 East
Broadway, had thrown the glass. They
said the crowd stole a bottle of seltzer from
a wagon and then took + Fe from a soda
fountain stand. They hid the bottle, after
' they emptied it, behind some steps, and

the Weisberg boy, who had the glaas, his
' companions said, threw it out in the street
to get rid of it. Detectives were waiting at
| the Weisberg home last night, but the boy
hadn't shown up.

 

690,000 We the |

|
|
| Hortng Chimneys in ft Sew . but Looking |
|
|
|
|
|

sister, are under indictment for marsiaugh- |
ter, the charge being that they sold wood |

when some lad in another group threw an ,

* ty Fle tee Pevettaw cod Poltietiwe tee

(mer ine MintieNe IN COW’ AT Om mene Te PALIGADES |

werren Prere ne wee
wine teen reir

wee Ff

Witty fom Other ere fhe @taete Prawn Pie fir ane
at Cramere (fe (terteen § Warttne tute
(tetpe (@ Meanne fre Maetine Fite far
feagmedt (rer the Morte ant Mrehee

low Mteoene, the aerenent ane Traev
4 Tlartetl a eneveiing prleteren priertermray her
meade an aaceheinn geaterter for fhe prir
preven of faking plefines fo be walititeet at
Dreamed Coney tela Thee halieon
atartedd fron The Arend if fret rate efanpe
afield everything went well weil ie hit fhe
Palieades apposite Vorhere

Stevens thew out Rie attehor all right,
and it held in a creview of rook an firmly
thet (he aneher rope enapped and the hal
loon deegaet along the rocks and over
brieh for a dietanes of about WF gnerta

| finally landing the teeo men in the Murder |

River

They fell into the water at a poitrt jet off
{ shore, hut it being only waist deep hac littl
trouble in getting to land The balloon
but the moving pleture

| waen't damaged
outtit waa ruined
Tiaeell and Stevens went up from the
yard of the Central Union Gas Company,
at 18th atreet, in The Brons, shortly after
,2o0'e ck in the affernoon, The balloon
took @ fhorthweaterly direction, and when
opposite Oreystone, Yonkers, met a cross
current that carried it etraight for the Pali-
sades Stevens threw out all the ballast,
but the balloon didn’t rise high enough to
sail over the chff ft landed with a bump
| againet the side of the cliff and hounded
| back toward the river
| ft was apparent that the balloon would
buck the rocks again, and Stevens fearing
that the bag ir ht be torn or explode as a
restlt of these collisions threw out the an-
chor. After dragging some little distance

loon could be righted the anchor rope broke
and the balloon began to alide against
the side of the rocks. The valve had been
opened and the balioon descended slowly.
The car in which were the two aeronauts
and their picture taking oufit was bumped
and dragyed over rocks, bushes and small
trees. The two men were scratched about
the head and hands.

When the two men saw that the balloon
was headed toward the middle of the Hud-
son and that they were in fora cold plunge
they dropped from the car. The balloon
and moving picture apparatus got a dip
some distance further out in the stream.
Fishermen with boats came to the rescue
and the balloon and the two aeronauts were
got safely to shore, but the picture machine
was a wreck.

When the ascension was made Dr. Julian
P. Thomas was waiting with an automobile.
With him were Mrs. Stevens and Charles
Levee. They followed the balloon and
arrived at Yonkers in time to see the col-
‘ lision between the big bag and the Pali-
sities. Dr. Thomas put out in a launch
| from the Yonkers Boat Club and assisted
| Stevens and Tisdell in packing up their
| balloon, which was bundled on a train and
| brought back to the city.

ROULETTE FOR WOMEN.
Game Hetrayed to the Police by Anonymous
Postal Card.

In his mail yesterday morning Capt.
McGlynn of the West 125th street police
| station received a postal card which said:

If you will go to the Jerome apartment
house, 215 West 116th street on the fifth floor
at 11 o'clock to-night you will find a gambling
joint for women in full blast,
| The postal card was not signed. At 11
} o'clock last night McGlynn, accompanied by
| Detectives Campbell, Wrenn, Curley and
|
|
'
|
!

leona Seer

 

Mallon, went to investigate.

A young man opened the door and the
police piled into the place bowling over
the young man. In an adjoining room
they found a woman trying to hide a rou-
Jette layout under a sofa. The detectives
announced who they were. Five gayly
dressed women in the place began to scream
and weep.

“Don't arrest me," wailod one of the
women, “or my husband will surely get a
divorce.”

The woman who was found hiding the
roulette wheel was arrested charged with
keeping and maintaining a gambling house,
She said she was Mrs. Louisa Wicks and
the young man said he was George Wicks,
her husband. The five weeping women
wore told to gO home and they were glad
to go.

TROUBLING THE SPELLING POOL,

Superintendents of Schools in Danger of
Contracting a Cure.

The school superintendents met yes-
terday atthe Board of Education roomsand
considered the project of spelling reform in
the schools as recommended by the spelling
' board, which advocates 300 shorter forms.

Prof. Brander Matthews and Col. Charles
E. Sprague spoke in advocacy of the use of
certain words that are spelled different
' ways by the authority of different diction-
| aries.

“Controller” was recommended as a sub-
atitute for the older “comptroller”; which is
| statutory in this city; “rime,” instead of
| “rhyme”; “program,” “catalog,” “altho”
| and “tho.”
| Mr, Matthews attributed much of the clum-
|
)

 

 

 

 

| gineas in English spelling to the earliest
printers in England, who were Germans
or Dutchmen and cou!d not spell English
right.

The superintendents listened attentively
| to the reformers and asked some questions.

It was said that five of the ning superin-
| tendents are using the shorter spellings in
| their correspondence and that two others
| believe there is need of reform to save the
i time of the children and teachers. No
| official action in the matter was taken yes-

terday. Some of the teachers have intro-
| du the simpler forms of spelling. :

FOR INCITING LAWSUITS.

District Attorney Asked to Look After
Certain Claim Lawyers.
Comptroller Metz turned over to the
District Attorney's office yesterday some
| information which he thinks may result in
the arrest of lawyers for champerty. Several
lawyers, it is said, have been buying up
claime against the city for back wages
| under the “prevailing rate” law. It is also
| said that other men are involved. The
| evidence was turned over to Assistant
District Atvorney Smyth. He said last
night that he not yet examined it and
was not prepared to say how valuable it
was.

Open tend. Roem, md

 

 

For Albany. Utica, Syracuse, heater, Buffalo —_
hae igaing at 88 es igo Me A us 1 mit
$04, 490, 8:40, DAP, 4:00, 4:30, 6:58, B:80, 6:00, 7:30, 6:00, | Genuine crystal pebble eve the cool kind
0:20, 090, 11:20 P.M. Can you ae better !— Adv. shat never mist, at soucen's, 2 Lane.—Ade
\ 5 : A

wis %

it held fast in the rocke, but before the bal- |

Weperaner

    

Ver 0 (om!

F fale ond eommewhat Warmer today
fale famorrow

°

satin”

rine ay wewnt nn PrIen

font ent fleet af Pirer ft Wee Guan ¢ netee
f enter at

Fire in @ feet fee af the enteanew ff
for 4 of Che Pent vite Ameringn pierre in
oteten #40 got aieler content ae 1m

velewele Chee permet atten eenne crete morte
© comer (hrm Ff FE rporeeteenarel fer het aeriente
The afeamehine Minetwr

wet etre |

wrrn at fhe pire and (hele ere@e went fo

the prevevepew, freee efit prev® hanew fey ie then
orviran weinney fro Treriry

Git ferry Phat fe frenraneted Maken on
to Cae Contenet

Senator Melarren will hw a witnmee at
(he rewumed hearing teedag ty (he Alcor.
were'a connnnitine whieh
the Street Clenning Department Meicener
wee given inet week be TH Milton Kennedy,
whee aeeriped the conteret for the removal of
sahew in Trookien, and Martin © Littleton,
hie Cooper), lnfimeating a oft the avitherity
of Anthony N Reaty that a demand for
926,000 wae mace on Kennedy for polition!
eorvicws rendered Kennedy
MeCarren hae «ines denied that he ever
made auch a demand Yesterday he ant
a mesenger to Alderman Crifenhagn
the chairman of the committee, asking
for an opportunity to repent that denial
under oath

RESENTS O1“F AND STERL GUETS

Whee Mird Quite Smith Coltege Hecate of
Rockefetier's ant Carnegie's Mounty.

NortTHampton, Mase, May 15. Ae a
protest against the acceptance of gifts from
John D. Rockefeller and Andrew Carnegie,
Mary F. Bird, for nineteen years instructor
in the department of astronomy of Smith
College, to-day sent her resignation to the
trustees

Miss Bird said to-night that she did not
care to make any statement regarding
her action, preferring to wait until June,
when she would fully explain her objections
| to Smith receiving gifts from these two men.

| two years ago on condition that the college

| raise a like sum, Miss bird protested vig-
orously against the acceptance of the gift.
| She also objected to the acceptance of a
| library from Mr. Carnegie

BIKE COP UNCONSCIOUS.

Wheel Broken at the torks Pollee Think
an Aute Ran Him Down.

Two men passing through Fast Sixty-
' fourth street late last evening found Bicycle
Policeman Charles Steinhert of the Central
Park station house lying unconscious in
the street near Fifth avenue beside his
broken wheel. He was taken to the Pres-
byterian Hospital. He had not regained
consciousness at a late hour. His condi-
tion is serious.

Steinhert was badly bruised about the
head and faos and his wheel was broken at
the forks. The police believe that he was
run down by an automobile while attempt-
rg to make an arrest.

TROOPS FIRE ON SARDINIAN MOB.

Several Kflied tn Riots Cansed by the High
Price of Food.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUK.

Lonpon, May 15.—A despatch from Rome
to the Central News says that the scarcity
and consequent high price of provisions
has caused serious disorders in Cagliari,
Sardinia. Mobs of workmen stormed and
wrecked the provision stores.

A serious conflict between a mob and a
detachment of soldiers took place near the
railway station. A colonel, a captain and
twenty soldiers were wounded. The troops
fired on the crowd, killing and wounding
several men,

CHINESE KILL MISSIONARIES,

Massacre of French Priests Reported in
Anhul Province.
Spectat Cable Despatch to Tar Sun.

Prex1n, May 15.—A massacre of French
missionaries occurred in Anhui proyince
last Saturday. No details have been re-
ceived.

The French Chargé d’Affairea has inter-
viewed the Board of Foreign Affairs in re-
gard to the matter. wer.

| J. R. DAY'S SCOFFING STUDENTS.

Sing of Standard Oll and Archbold and the
Lamented Bulldogs.

Syracuse, May 15.—The recent refer-
ence by Chancellor James R. Day to the
Standard Oil Company and his attack upon
the President have brought out a new song
which the students of Syracuse University
sing after chapel every morning and at their
college “sings,” which are held at night on
the hillside in the shadow of som
of the large buildings which were given
to the university by John Archbold, The
chorus runs:

We have a Standard Oil pipe running up to John
Crouse Hal

And a qusher in the stadium will be flowing full
next fall.

We need the money, Mr. Archbold,

Wo need It right away;

It's the biggest ad. we've had

Since the bulldog went away.

The reference to the bulldog brings up
the famous edict of Chancellor Day to the
effect that any student owning a bulldog
would be expelled from the university,

POSTAGE STAMP LANGUAGE,

Supreme Court Learns of It in the Sandel
Divorce Case.

Supreme Court Justice Blanchard granted
a divorce yesterday to Emma Sandel, wife
of Henry Sandel. They were married in
1808, and a couple of years ago Mrs. Sandel
| began to mnEpew that her Henry was too
| friendly with Miss Guesie Pickel, who
figu as the corespondent in the suit.
art of the testimony related to letters
alle to have been written by “Guesie”
| to “Heinrich.” In one of these Miss Pickel
explained the secret of the postage stamp
a ea She wrote:

“When the postage stamp is put on like
in the leat lever mae w nya. it Roane. :
ove you,’ two postage s' a eac!
other. obliquely mean Klasse; oe
down, that means contempt.”

TWO RAH-RAH STOWAWAYS.

One Student Weuldn’t Werk and Came
Over in the Hellig Olav’s Brig.

On the Scandinavian Line steamship
| Hellig Olav, arriving here yesterday from
| Christiansand, were two etudents who had
| been found stowed away in the forward
' ca.g¢o hatch two days after the ship left
| her port. They were told that t would
, have to go to work. One said; “I won't
; work on board ship. I didn't have to do it
, at home and I won't start now.’

 

 

 

 

 

 

He sta: in the brig all the way over
| callin it his hotel.’ Sine other atudent
shovelled coal. on refused to give their
| real names and they hadn't a clear
mee ' of coming aboard.
een

—e yar TO WASHINGTON, D. ©. a
idialea Sete ator ee sea

Senator |

 lneeoti@eting |

Prick Two cpyTs

TILLMAN CHARGES BAD FAITH.

PREUHEN he HEV Cre nae
re Peer, WE were

Hearts eete o¢ Moning free ie Coe
at Peer few | (tenting ¢ er P emnnnten
at Cattnet Manmevett’'s Lerten Put w

Renner’ € nite meores Oye tort NF,

Weentarow War 5) The Pilly
Chwenetleor pate til) fern cep leew diet denen OF
a mere fiver ff oputteret feecew (ite
the end of a pleeen of wet frm anel fll praive
ably aputter « little tomorrow, when Me,
Tillman ie eepected (o read to the Senate
letter from @r-Semitor Chandler of mate
aorne further femerka on (he evthiant Wy
Tillman and We Chandler were in oonferenne
toentaht There ie no ecpeetation (hat the
President will de anything to review the
cont roveray

foon after the Senate met to-day there

| wae promise of a renewal of the question

| the

When Mr. Rockefeller gave Smith $200,000 |

|
|
|

|

pm

involved in the charges of Mr. Tillman and
Mr. Chandler that President Roosevelt had
entered into an arrangement with them to
help the rate bill and had then left them if
lurch without «<0 much ae aaying “by
your leave.”

Mr. Tillman, rising to 9 question of pare
ronal privilege, denied a newspaper inter.
view in whieh he was juoted as saying that
Senator Aldrich had attempted to make «
compact with Democratic Senators to puta
broad court review clause into the measure.
He had never made any such statement, de-
clared Mr. Tillman. Mr. Aldrich made only
a brief comment to the effect that he was
not satiefied with the explanation, and that
he had never before seen so many misstate-
ments in one «mal!!l paragraph.

Not until later in the day was anything
said in the Senate bearing on the issue.
Then Mr. Tillman got up right in the middle
of the rate bill debate and said he had waited
for an opportune moment to come to say
something about his allegations concerning
the President. But as that moment would
not come he made it himself.

“Mr. President,” said Mr. Tillman, “I feat
that an apology is due the Senate for intro-
ducing into this interesting and instructive
discussion an extraneous matter. But
appears that no opportune moment will
come. I have already waited too long.

“On Saturday last the Senate was startled
and doubtless mortified when the state-
ment of an honored ex-member of this
body, on the authority of a telephonic
mensage, was denounced as being a delib-
erate and unquelified falsehood; ana as [
had the misfortune, I may term it, of bring-
ing about the situation which caused this
denuneiation to be made, I fee} under some
obligations, very sacred obligations, ww
the man whose good name was thus at-
tacked and who is my trusted friend, and
also an obligation to myself to sustain,
although I do not know if it is necessary,
my own good faith in reading the state-
ment I did, to give it to the Senate in order
that it may go into the Record, the aue
thoritative statement, signed and sent to
me by Mr. Chandler. I shall not give it all—
I shall only give that part of it which re-
lates to the particular subject I have just
mentioned.”

Mr. Tillman read the partial statement
which ex-Senator Chandler furnished to
the preas on Sunday night, confirming
what Mr. Tillman had said in the Senate
on Saturday about the alleged compe®
between the President and Senators Bailey
and Tillman, through Mr. Chandler, to get
the rate bill through with Democratio help.
When he finished reading he continued his
remarks:

“I do not deem it necessary to read the
rest of this letter at the present time, While
I am dealing with this subject I noted be 3
morning and Senators have read in
papers a letter addressed to the senior
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Allison] by the
President in which this subject is presented
from his point of view, I had expected
that possibly something would be said
about the question of veracity between
the President and Mr, Chandler. But if
nothing is said I have nothing more to do
with it, other than to put the record before
the country, or rather to put tm enduring
form Mr. Chandler’s own statement to me.

“I had also anticipated thas as
the future historlan would have some
trouble in digging out of the newspapers
the facts in the case the Senator
Iowa (Mr. Allison] or some other
the President would put into the Record
the letter from the White
that bas not been done and I feel mywelf

r

“INGENIOUS BUT NOT INGENUOUE.”
“There are only two pointe in the Preal-
dent's letter which I deem worthy of notice.
His attempted explanation is ingenious
but not ingenuous. He for a second time
calls in question the integrity of purpose
and utterance of Mr. Chandler by declaring;
‘He waa asked to see ex-Senator Chandler
as representing Mr. Tillman, who was in
charge of the bill. He stated to me ths
views of Mr. Tillman with seeming au-
thority.’

“Mr. Chandler has declared most posl-
tively in a written statement that the Presi-
dent sent for him for the purpose of getting
into. communication with Senator Bailey
and myself, and he has produced the letter
of Mr. Loeb to prove it.

“I now declare most emphatically that
to no human being have I ever given au-
thority or even expressed a wish to have
any conference with Theodore Roosevelt in
regard to the bil] now under consideration,
On the contrary I have expressed the opin-
ion in more than one published interview
that he had nothing to do with it and that
it was the business of the Senate, and while
I did at his request enter into negotiations

with the Attorney-General it is well known |

to every Senator on this floor what my
attitude and feelings have been, and it is

most remarkable, while the President sent”

for Democrat after Democrat t) confer with
him about this measure, that he should
undertake under the circumstances to assert
that I sent an agent to him to be ;in negoti-
ations. The statement is absurd on its face,

“The other point to which I shall refer is
the cavalier way in which Mr. Moody dis-
cusses the idea of the President not being
bound. While contradicting in no instances,
however slight, my statement of what
occurred, the Attorney-General seems to
think that the code of honor among gentle-

 

   
   
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
    
   
    
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
     
    
   
     
    
    
    
   
    
   
   
   
  
     
  
    
   
    
        
    
      
    
  
  
     
   
  
   
    
  
 
  
  
 
 
   
   
 
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
    
  
  
 
   
    

 

     
 
 
   
  
    
   
     
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
  
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
         
      
  
   
  
 
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
     
   

a

aaa eS

=