VOL. LXXIV.—NO, 138,

ALDERMEN |
AT $500 EACH)

|
tani ntin |

Clifford bats $6,000 Cash to)
Deliver Eleven M. 0. Votes
for Recorder,

  

VOTES ARE DELIVERED, TOO.

 

The Vendor is in Jail and the
Grand Jury Wants the
Delivered.

 

dudge Cowing’s Name Used Without His
Knowledge as a Trick to Discover if
Any of the Hearst Aldermen Would Get
orf the Fence for Cash—Who Gave the
Order te Get Of Yet to Be Announced
—Stakehoider Was Under Arrest Before
the Actual Vote, and After the Vete He
Handed the Cash Over to Alderman
Citrerd, With Detectives in the Offing.

William 8, Clifford; a Municipal Owner-
ship League Alderman from Long Island
City, was arrested yesterday afternoon
after he and ten other M, O. L. Aldermen
had voted for Rufus B. Cowing, ex-Judge
of General Sessions, for Recorder. When
he was arrested $6,000 in marked money
was found on him. He is charged with
bribery in that he promised before yes-
terday’s meeting of the Aldermen, at which
the election of a successor to Recorder
Goff came up, that he would have eleven
votes cast—all by M. O. L. men—for Judge
Cowing. These votes were cast yesterday,
according to Clifford’s promise, and then
he went to get the money—twelve $500
bills—where he was told it would be if he
carried out his agreement. As soon as he
took the money he was arrested. Judge
Cowing didn’t know that his name was
being used. ‘

PLANT TO CATCH BOODLERS.

Clifford was arrested as the result of a
*plant,” following a lot of talk around the
City Hall that certain members of the Board
of Aldermen were holding out for money
for their votes on the election of a Recorder.
According to the information in the Dis-
trict Attorney's office Clifford demanded
$500 for his own vote and for each of the
ten other M. O. L. votes, and $500 was to
go to a stakeholder. That stakebolder was
ja id Mann, a atonecutter of Long Island

City, but when he was trapped he immedi-
ately made a confession, and he will be used
as a witness against Clifford.

It was planned at first to wait and see
what Clifford would do with the money—
that is, whom he would pay it to—but this
fell through

Subpeenas were iasued for the ten other
M. O. L, Aldermen who voted for Judge
Cowing and there will be a Grand Jury in-
vestigation. Clifford said after his arrest
that Hann, who handed the money over
to him, was an old friend and that the money
was for a “business transaction.”

These are the Aldermen who voted for
Judge Cowing and for whom subpwnas
were issued last night

John J. Cronin, Harry L. Leverett, Cor-
nelius D. Noonan and Joseph M. Torpey of
Manhattan; Charles Kuntze, F. J. O'Neill
and Thomas J. Mulligan of The Bronx;
William Rowcroft, Joseph Falk and Henry
Clay Peters of Brooklyn. Peters is the
leader of the eleven and they usually
vote as he says.

A SUSPICIOUS SITTING ON THE PENCE.

In the fight in the Board of Aldermen
over the election of the Recorder two candi-
dates have been im the foreground,
Justice McAvoy of Special Sessions and
Alderman James C. Meyers. Mr. Meyers
was the candidate of the Republicans and
Justice MeAvoy the Tammany selectio >
Forty votes elect, but neither Mr. Mey
nor Justice McAvoy could muster them.
Following the deadlock came reports that
certain candidates had been approached
vith o¥ers of votes for money. Moean-
while the M.O. L.'s etuck to Judge Palmieri;
their caucus candidate, and have been
sitting on the fence since the first of
January.

Mr. Meyers is ‘said to have been ap-
proached, but no one in the District At-
torney’s office would admit yesterday that
such waa the case. Thestory ran that a
politician not a. member of the Board of
Aldevrnen communicated to Mr, Meyera the
pronosition that for $600 a vote eleven M. O,
1. votes would be delivered to him. That,
o! course, would have insured his election,
but he would have nothing to do with the
proy osition.

DICKER FOR VOTES AT $600 APIECE.

As the result of this talk and gossip Earl
Harding, a reporter, got into communica-
tion with Clifford, who Harding had heard
was the spokesman, or pretended to be
the spokesman, for a delegation that hesaid
could be bought. Harding had several
talks with Clifford but didn’t get down to
real business untjl he called at Clifford's |
home at 387 Hancock street, Long Island |
City. There, Harding says, the overtures |
were made and there waa some dickering, |
but the price finally agreed upon was $6,000.
Clifford said that each Alderman would
have to have $600 for his vote and that $500
Was to go to the stakeholder. There was
tome discussion about who should have
Possession of the money while the déal
was being put through. Harding insisted
that not a cent would be paid until the
Aldermen actually voted for Cowing.
When the votes had been cast, even if it
was only on one ballot, the money wus to
be paid over.

Harding said that any reputable person
(@nnteneremeecsssrensbeeenepmnennseneibeeniianteadindesetaniatnceumemampasiusemeas

Continued on Third Page.

Rig hours. ea, at '

  

ad) vleve
bah

 

————

BRYCE AIDED ALABAMA TREATY.

 

New Ambassador Tells of an Interview He

Had With Gladstone.
Special Cable Despatch to Taw SUN

Lonpon, Jan. 15.—James Bryve,
newly appointed Ambassador to the United
States, ina speech at Newcastle referred
| tohis post at Washington in these words:

“I undertook the fiifficult and responsible
mission with some hesitation, feeling re-
luctant to leave the work I had been doing
here, but I believe it has great opportuni-
ties,andIamsurethere is notask to which
@ man should be more willing to devote
what remains to him of life than trying to
cement the ties of friendship, already so
strong, which bind usto our great daughter
and the sister people beyond the ocean.

“The best act, the mostfruitful act, which
has been done in the time of any of us now
living in the field of foreign policy was done
by Mr. Galdstone when he made the treaty
which settled the Alabama question. I
wae struck when in America with the dan-
ger to both countries which the state of
irritation existing in the United States
regarding the Alabama claims was creat-
ing. I asked Mr. Galdstone’s son to tell
him what I had observed in America and
Mr. Gladstone gave me a long interview.
In the course of it he made a statement
of his views about our policy toward
America.

“He assured me, when I had told him
what I had seen there, that there was
nothing dearer to his heart than to have
perfectly friendly relations with that
country. In the following year he con-
cludedAhe Alabama treaty, which was the
beginning of that cordial feeling which
now unites the two peoples.”

VON BUELOW TO TAKE THE STUMP.

German Chancellor te Appeal on Behalf
of the Kalser to the Voters.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tus SUN

BERLIN, Jan. 15.—The electoral signs
are so little favorable to the Government
that the Imperial Chancellor, Prince Von
Buelow, allegedly by the Kaiser's request,
has decided to break the tradition that
the first statesman of the Empire does not
share in electoral combats, and will take
the platform on Saturday. He will ap-
peal earnestly on behalf of the imperial
policy against the machinations of the
Centurists and Socialists.

His speech is expected to be a supreme
oratorical effort. Although it will be
addressed to 200 selected hearers at a ban-
quet of the colonial and political action
committee, it will be sent broadcast through-
out the country and it will be regarded as
the Kaiser’s own supplication to his sub-
jects.

Meanwhile Herr Dernberg, director of
the Colonial Office, whose recent. skilful
speech remains as the foremost contribu-
tion to the Government's campaign, will go
to Hamburg and Munich to rouse the elece
tors there.. He will probably also visit
Dresden and other cities from which he has
received urgent appeala for help.

CORTELYOU CONFIRMED.

 

 

Democrats Decide Net to, Make a Fight
-

—Oher Cabinet Changes Approved.

Wasuraton, Jan. 15.—-The ‘nomination
of George B. Cortelyou to be Secretary
of the Treasury in place of Leslie M. Shaw
was confirmed unanimously this after-
noon by the Senate. There was no opposi-
tion to Mr. Cortelyou, not even a peep
from those Democrats who have been say-
ing things about Mr. Cortelyou’s former
connection with the Republican national
committee. It took about thirty seconds
to sanction the nomination, Mr. Cortelyou
will take office on March 4.

The Senate Committee on Finance con-
sidered Mr. Cortelyou’s nomination at
this morning’s meeting. Senator Aldrich,
the chairman, explained that Mr. Cortelyou
had resigned the chairmanship of the

Republican national committee. When the

question of reporting his name to the Senate
was put no member made objection.

Some of the Democrats who tried to
make an issue on the nomination of Mr.
Cortelyou found no sympathy among
their colleagues and abandoned the effort.
They are now trying to explain their atti-
tude by saying that the responsibility
for the appointment lay with the President
and pot with the Senate. In other words,
they contend, ii was none of the Senate's
business.

The Senate confirmed also the nomina-
tions of James Rudolph Garfield of Ohio,
now Commissioner of Corporations, to be
Secretary of the Interior, to take effect
March 4; George V. L. Meyer of Massachu-
setts, now Ambassador to Russia, to be
Postermaster-General, to take effect March
4, and Herbert Knox Smith of Connecticut,
nows Deputy Commissioner of Corpora-
tions, to be Commissioner of Corporations,
to take effect March 4. The confirmation
of the nominations of Mr. Cortelyou, Mr.
Garfield arfd Mr. Meyer completes the
list of pending Cabinet changes.

RUSSELL JUMPS FROM TRAIN.

ExConviet Makes Fulile Aliempt to Escape
on His Way to Dannemora.

Tror, Jan. 15.—Edward J. Russell, the
ex-convict who lost his. fight for freedom
in the Supreme Court and was remanded
yesterday to the Dannemora Asylum for the
Insane, made a desperate attempt to escape
from Deputy Sheriff Vaughn as the train was
passing through Troy last night.

Just after the train had started from the
Troy station Russell asked permission to
go out on the platformtogetair. This was
permitted, and Russell jumped from the
train as it was about to enter the bridge
crossing the Hudson River.

The train was stopped on the bridge, and °
Vaughn ran back. He found Russell stag-
gering down River street apparently dazed,
| The prisoner was taken to the Troy jail and
attended by Jail Physician Schneider.

It was found that Russell was suffering
from severe bruises, but no bones were
broken. All his front teeth were knocked |
out and both his eyes and his nose were
bruised. He waa taken to’ Dannemora on

an afternoon train.

 

Vaughn said that Ruseell had made an |
attempt to escape from him before leaving |

New York. He was about to take an ele-
vated train at the 116th street station when |

Russell fee om shed him backwerd
and jum eS tad ate. vince seared |
before P. Veugma could get on hia feet.

The latter followed on the next train and

t off at Ninety-ninth street, where he .
© the Pe of the escape to Head-

quarters. iin to the elevated
tion again bs wae just in time to sce
Russell coming down the st ssell
had left his train at that sta at mee
Ee Sale tad Sa ies ae
a a
= ble purmner of bie wreck,’ .

 

+NEW

 

the |

Ss DAY,

YORK,

WEDNE

       

 

| rePoRTKD To TO HOUSE IN PLACE
OF SENATE MEASURE,

Strictly a Mall Subsidy and Not Expected

Father—A Hard Fight
Measure Through the Committee,

WasHINGTON, Jan. 15.—After a fight
which had been in progress at intervals for
nearly a year in the House Committee on

Merchant Marine and Fisheries that body
to-day, by a vote of 8 to 7, agreed to a fa-
vorable report on a ship subsidy measure.

It is not the aubsidy bill which the friends
of subsidy had hoped to see come out of
the committee, not the recommendations

—-----<.-

 

ure which passed the Senate at the last
session. It is strictly a mail subsidy with
the tonnage feature entirely eliminated,
and in the opinion of those members of the
committee who favored the original propo-
aition will benefit only a few owners of large
lines and will do nothing toward building
up the independent merchant marine.

The measure agreed to is one drafted
by Representative Littauer of New York,
who has been a member of the commit-
tee for twenty-four hours and who was
only assigned to take the place of Repre-
sentative Flack because
and unable to attend the sessions of Con-
gress. It is the best, however, that the ad-
vocates of subsidy could get, and since it is
the determination of the President to have
subsidy legislation if possible at this session
they accepted it in lieu of nothing.

But for the fact that some of the cham-
pions of the original Senate bill became
frightened at the last moment it would
have been possible to have reported that
measure. When the committee met this
morning the opponents of subsidy (three
Republicans and four Democrats) had
planned a surprise for the others. A for-
mal motion was made to report the Gal
linger bill. It was the plan of Chairman
Grosvenor and his associates in the fight to
vote down the proposition, although he is
in favor of it, fearing that it would stand
little or no chance of passage in the Honse.

When the roll was called the Democrats
voted solidly for the Gallinger bill, as did
Mesars. Littlefield, Minor, Fordney anti
Humphrey. This made the vote in favor
of the Senate measure 8 to 7 and threw the
chairman and his colleagues into con-
fusion.

Thereupon Mr. Humphrey, one of the
strongest advocates of the Gallinger bill,
was compelled to change his vote and de-
clare against the motion to report his fa-
vorit emeasure. Thia defeated it and a
motion was then made to substitute the
Littauver bill. To this Mr. Sherley objected
on the ground that there was nothing before
the committee, it having voted adversely
on the Seriate measure.

Thua caught in a trap the leaders deter-
mined to ride roughshod over the rules
and act upon the Littauer measure any-
way. While this was going on the hour
of 12 arrivedand Mr. Sherley made the
point that the committee had not the per-
miasion of the House to sit during the
sessions of the House.

Mr. Wateon hurried out of the committee
room to go to the House and ask the per-
mission. Mr. Patterson, a Democrat, fol-
lowed him and informed Minority Leader
Williams of the move. When Mr. Watson
arose in the House to get consent for the
committee to sit Mr. Williams objected,
and it was therefore necessary for the
committee to adjourn until the close of
the session of the House.

When that time came the friends of
the Littauer bill had everything arranged,
and after a few preliminary squabbles
were able to put through their programme
of reporting it, which they did by a vote
of 8 to 7.

The bill provides for seven subsidies aa
follows: ine from Atlantic coast fo port of
Rio, $300,000 monthly; $600,000 fortnightly.
Atlantic coast port to Argentina, $400,000
monthly, $800,000 fortnightly. From port
on Guif of Mexico to Colon, $75,000 fort-
nightly; $150,000 weekly. From a port on
west coast of the United States to Panama,
Peru and Chile, $300,000 monthly; $600,000
fortnightly. From port on Pacific coast
north of Cape Mendocino to Japan, China
and the Philippines, $350,000 monthly;
$700,000 fortnightly. From a port south
of Cape Mendocino to Hawaii, Japan, China
and the Philippines, $300,000 monthly;
$700,000 fortnightly. Additional line under
contract from San Francisco to Hawaii,
Samoa and Australasia, $200,000, one trip
every three weeks.

Under the provisions of the bill all ships
are to have a speed of 16 knots, with the ex-
ception of the one from a Gulf port to Colon,
which is to have a speed of 14 knots. The
entire annual outlay under the bill is $3,750,-
000 for a fortnightly service, with the ex-
ception of the one to Samoa and to Colon.

The naval reserve provision of the Senate
bill is included in the Littauer measure as
well as the provision that repairs to ships
are to he made in the United States, except
when they become necessary at some place
where there is no American drydock within
500 miles.

Mr. Littauer said to-day that he expected
to get the measure before the House the
latter part of this month.

Speaker Cannon in the course of an ad-
dress at the National Board of Trade ban-
j quet to-night aroused great enthusiasm
} by declaring himself in favor of the Littauer

bill. He said he thought the time had

arrived when we could afford to try this

experiment. If it succeeded, as he trusted
| it would, it would point the way for a
j pursuance of a policy to do whatever seems

necessary to bring the greatest good to the
greatest number.

JABBED SLEUTH WITH HATPIN,

| Woman Caller at the Getham Attacka the
House Detective.

A slim young woman dressed in black
| went into the women’s reception room at
the Hotel Gotham, Fifth avenue and Fifty-
fifth streét, at 11 o’olock last night and sat
down,
' an hour HouseDetective James Flemming
asked what she wanted.
that it wae none of bis business and slapped
/ bim.

When he pressed his questions the woman

 

the latter is ill |

JANUARY |

 

 

“LIMITED SHIP P SUBSIDY BILL |"

{
'
|
!
}
j
t

| sisting of Arthur Brooke Fry,

|

of the shipping commission, not the meas- |

|
|

|

 

She told Kim | at her disposal for a few minutes.

 

 

STORY ON POST OFFICE.

ssion Recommends linpresemen
ane. cane Square Feet of Fioor ao.
Wasurnoton, Jan.
of the Treasury transmitted to the House
to-day the report of the commiasion, con-
chief en-

 

te Be of General Beneat—Lattauer Ite | gineer of public byildings; CecH Clay, gen-

fe Get Any |

eral agent Department of Justice, and W.
BE. Cochran, purchasing agent for the Post
Oftice Department, appointed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to investigate and
report on the assignment of space and
general conditions in the New York oity
Post Office.

The commission recommended various
minor changes in the assignment of offices
and concluded with the following:

“Considering the probable growth of
post office business as well as the inevitable
increase of business before the courts, the
commission deems it wise to recommend
that steps be taken by the Treasury Depart-
ment and Congress to cause another story
to be added to the building to correspond
to present lines of mansard roof and to
harmonize with the existing dome.”

The commission estimates that this im-
provement would cost about $400,000 and
would add approximately 45,000 square feet
of floor space,

DISCOVERED A COAL TRUST.

Commerce Commission Has a Mags of Evi-
dence Ready for the Attorney-General.
WasHinoton, Jan. 15.--It will be up to

the Attorney-General the latter part of the

week to determine whether the Govern-
ment shall proceed in the courts under
the provisions of the Sherman anti-trust
law against a combination that ia alleged
to regulate the supply and oontrol the
price of coal in nearly every middle Western

State. ;

Evidence in the case has been collected
by the Interstate Commerce Commission,
which first secured information in the
matter in the progress of its inquiry into
the cases for the shortage in the supply of
cars on railroads in the Northwest. In
hia report following this investigation
Franklin K. Lane declared that indisput-
able evidence has been found showing the
existence of a coal combination; that it
controlled the price of the product at some
central agency, that it regulated the output
and declined to supply dealers who refused
to allow the price lists made at the principal
offices of the combination. The evidence
collected against this combination, which
will be charged with operating in restraint
of trade if the case reaches the courts, is
now in.shape for examination by the At-
torney-General and it will be forwarded
to that official by the Interstate Commerce
Commission this week

PEARSALL-BLAINE WEDDING.

Married by a Baptist Clergyman at a Phila-
deiphia Hotel. ~

PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 15.--Mra. Martha
Hichborn Blaine, daughter of Rear Admiral
Philip Hichborn, U.S. N., and the divorced
wife of James G. Blaine, Jr., became the
wife of Lieut. Paul 8. Pearsall at noon to-
day at the Bellevue-Stratford.

Rear Admiral Hichborn and Mrs. Hich-
born, Mr. and Mrs. Philip 8. Hichborn of
New York, brothér of the bride, and his
wife; F. F. Pearsall of Black Rock, Pa.,
father of the bridegroom; Mrs. F.Walker of
New York, sister of the bridegroom; one or
two friends and the preacher, the Rev. Dr.
Walter M. Walker, pastor of the Epiphany
Baptist Church,were there, and that wasall.

Just before the ceremony Lieut. Pearsall
went to the desk clerk on the main floor
and got his bride's jewels, those she wore
when she was married to James G. Blaine,
Jr., with an additional diamond and ame-
thyst sunbtret given her by her second
husband as a bridal present.

There were no decorations in the two
parlors where the ceremony was held ex-
cept a few roses in vases. The ceremony,
which waa very dimple, lasted less than
five minutes.

FURNACEVILLE ELECTION,

Proxies Meet in Rochester and Name id
Directors—No Public Contracts.

Rocnester, N. Y., Jan. 15. With none
of the directora in attendance and the
leading interests of, the company repre-
sented by proxies, the Furnaceville Iron
Company met to-day and reelected its old
board of directors for another year. The
meeting was held in the law office of Webb
& Van De Mark, room 736 Powers Building.

FE. E.\ Harriman'’s proxy was held by
Willis R. Van De Mark. The name of
Stuyvesant Fish was voted on a proxy
held by J. P. Bowman, a Rochester at-
torney. William W. Webb, Corporation
Counsel of the city of Rochester, and a
director of the company, is in Washington.

Mr. Harriman, Mr. Webb and W. T.
Van Brunt of New York were all reelected.
They constitute the entire board of diragtors.
The election of officers has not been held,
but there is little question that Mr. Van
Brunt will again be elected president.
Nothing but routine business was trans-
acted at the meeting, according to Mr.
Harriman's proxy. He said that the com-
pany was engaged /at present on no public
contracts and had none in view.

THE COUNT COULDN'T DIG UP $20

For Balti for His Chauffeur—But, Ah, It Was
Different With the Woman.

Edgar Calos, a chauffeur i@ the employ
of a man who said he was Le Comte Man-
| kowsky, was arrested early last evening
for violating the traffic regulations.

Inhia haste to get the Count and a woman
who was with him in a big limousine car
to the Café Martin in time for dinner Calos
got on the wrong side of Broadway and ran
Son of the police. The Count, who was

ve much irritated by the delay, got out

began to ex

tulate with the police-
man, but was waived aside by his compan-
ion, who told him she would fix the matter.

 

 

 

 

 

 

After a conference with the chauffeur | the administration,

the woman gave the signal to Calos to fol-
low the policeman to the station, where
Sergt. Waldron asked for $20 bail for the
chauffeur’s release.
After a careful search of hia clothes the
Count admitted hie inability to put up the
$20. Calos, however, was saved a > in

vad
cilon

After she had waited alone for | the station house by the woman, whe

uced the money, after the ser;
placed one of the inner rooms in ¢

 

To Act Favorably on Leary'’s Nomination,
ALBaNy, Jan. 15.—The Finance Com-

grabbed a hatpin and jabbed him between | mittee will report favorably to the Senate

ae | the eyes. The detective called in Police-
man McNamee and had her taken to the
East Fifty-first street station.

The woman ee oe as May
Ward, an actress 110 Forty-nin:
street. Her scuffle with an, Forey-ninth
interested many of the ad guests.

ps Beer Mas

 

       

to-morrow the nomination of William
Leary to be State Superintendent of Eleo-
tions,and the nomination will be confirmed |
Senator Raines tried to have’
a favorable report on the nomination held
up for a while, but he was overruled.

 

 

 

 

a Label 5! bottled
Sth. Rigsh uate Suecrvs;betcd = tran
peeing Oe Now Cate

w
ee tad

ad ian

   

a ROOSEVELT KBEPS. HANDS OFF

15.--The Secretary REFUSED TO

 

 

 

 

io

|
|

 

 
  

INTERFERE WITil
HUGHES'S APPOINTMENTS.

 

Representatives Parsons, Dunwell
Cocks Made a Call at the White House
on Monday to Head Off Stevens and
Leary and Met With a Surprise.

Wasurnoton, Jan. 15.—President Roose-
velt has let it be known that he intends to
pursue a “hands off” policy in regard to
New York politics while Charles E. Hughes
is Governors The Republican delegation
in Congress from the Empire State has
had this fact brought home to it forcibly
within the past twenty-four hours, to the
delight of some and the disappointment of
others.

Three of the New York Republican mem-
bers of the House called yesterday on the
President to see what his attitude was with
reference to the prospective appointment

of a State Superintendent of Public Works
and a State Superintendent of Elections by
Gov. Hughes. The three Congressmen
were Herbert Parsons, who is president of
the New York county Republican com-
mittee, Charles T. Dunwell of Brooklyn,
and William W. Cocks of Old Westbury,
Long Island, who represents Mr. Roose-
velt's home district.

They found out that the President would
not commit himself on the subject. At
the time the three Congressmen called
they didn’t know that Gov. Hughes had
decided to appoint Frederick C. Stevens of
Attica and William Leary of New York to
the two offices in which the delegation was
interested. The President declined posi-
tively to ‘interfere or to make any sug-
gestion to Gov. Hughes, or to indicate,
even privately, a preference for any candi-
date or person whose name was under
consideration.

While Representatives Parsons, Dunwell
and Cocks were unaware that Gov. Hughes
had made up his mind to appoint Mr. Ste-
vens and Mr. Leary, they did not go to the
White House in entire ignorance of the fact
that the Governor was inclined to give the
names of the two men very serious con-
sideration.

This worried them considerably and it
was made apparent by what they said to
the President that they hoped the Governor
might be induced to take the names of other
prominent party men under advisement.
They intimated very broadly that it might
be a mistake, in their opinion, to make Mr.
Stevens Superintendent of Public Works.

They thought it would cause a breach in
the Republican party in western New Yorr,
It was pointed out that Congressman James
W. Wadsworth would regard the appoint-
ment as a direct slap at himself, because
Mr. Wadsworth attributed his recent de-
feat for reelection to Mr. Stevens's inftu-
ence. They put forth the idea also that
Speaker James W. Wadsworth, Jr., would
not, feel kindly to Mr. Stevens because of
the latter’s opposition to the elder Wads-
worth

As for Mr Leary, whose appointment
the New York delegation had heard was
under consideration, the three Representa-
tives who went to the White House were
rather lukewarm. They suggested that
it might be a mistake to overlook the claims
of Deputy Superintendent of Elections
Swazey, whom they regarded as entitled
to a promotion. The upshot of the con-
ference, however, was a refusal on the
part of the President to interfere in any
way and the Congressmen went away dis-
appointed.

HUGHES AND WADSWORTH.

Talk It Over and Kemain Harmonious tn
Spite of Stevens Appointment.

ALBANY, Jan. 15.— Despite the Governor's
appointment of former Senator Frederick
(, Stevéns as Superintendent of Public
Works, Speaker James W. Wadsworth, Jr.,
says his relations with Mr. Hughes are just
as harmonious as they have ever been
and that he will cordially support the
Governor in his desires for legislation.
To no one was the announcement of the
appointment of Mr. Stevens so great a
surprise as it was to the Speaker of the
Aasembly. The lower house had adjourned
last night when a friend broke into the
Speaker’s room and excitedly exclaimed:

“Jim, the Governor's appointed Stevens
for Superintendent of Public Works.”

Those who were there said the Speaker's
face was a study, and the one short ex-
clamation he made carried a world of mean-
ing with it.

An amusing featura connected with the
appointment was the veiled threat made
in certain legislative circles to-day that
they intended to make it interesting for
the Governor. There was a well defined
report going the rounds that the machine
men were trying to form combinations
with the intention of harassing the Gover-
nor. Certain Senators are said to have
been behind the movement, and they
wanted it to have its inception in the
Assembly. With the personal following of
the Spea fer and the others who had griev-
ances of their own it was figured out the
could comme protey near doing as theyjlik
‘ i the Speaker said there was nothing

o it.

One of the first callers on the Governor
this morning was Speaker Wadsworth.
He showed tnat he had passed a trouble-
some a, After the interview Gov,
Hughes issued a statement in which he

le it plain that he didn’t intend the
appointment of former Senator Stevens

 

= itical appointment or that he recog-
rs of the factional disputes or was

is administration a rty to a

Factions controversy. He said also that

he didn’t want the appointment regatded
as showing the slightest antagonism to
Speaker Wadaworth, for whom he had the
most at ung ualified esteem.

Ov. suahes says the only limita-
ome that will be pene upon Superintend-
ent Stevens will the general policy of
it is admitted on all
sides that there will be a housecleaning
party. The men who assisted in trying

consign Stevens to political oblivion a
rose ago cannot expect any favors at bis
onde a and\he will not keep in office men
who are known to have profited consider-
ably in the offices they have been holding,
He undoubtedly will be much interested
to know how sclaried attaches of his office
= become the owners of large office build-

and show other signe of prosperity.
Senator and every Avrcemnblyman

1 6, 1907. —-Copyright, 1907, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

 

 

and |

recta
appreciates that he cannot go tothe Superin- |

tendent of Public Works and ask for some-
as in the patronage line if he is hoatile
Governor's policies. And therefore
it is a safe guess that the slature will
os on friendly terms with the Governor
any legislation he wants he will get.

Latest Marine fntelligence.

are dee deen adv. Cienfvog oe 3: a Bene |

ke “Jen. Ja: se Costhlas
Baroadon Jane |
eel ee eee

toh yr Reread

 

 

 

  

 

 

ST. PETERSBURG BANK AFIRE,

 

Loud Explosion in Municipal Credit Co.'s
Bullding—Some Persons Killed.
Special Cable Despatch to Tum Sun.

Sr. Pererssure, Jan. 15.—The Munici-
pal Credit Company's bank burst into
flames at midnight after a loud explosion
in the interior.

It is knoWn that some persons were
killed, Detaila cannot be obtained yet.

 

FAIRBANKS'S SON INDICTED,

Alleged to Have Sworn Falsely to Get a
License to Marry.

SrevBENVILLE, Ohio, Jan. 15.—The Jef-
ferson county Grand Jury to-day returned
an indictment for perjury against F.C.Fair-
banks, son of Vice-President Fairbanks;
for perjury in swearing falsely to get a
license for his marriage to Miss Scott of
Pittsburg.

The charge is that Mr. Fairbanks went
to Steubenville, said that he was a resident
of Adams county, and that Miss Scott was
a resident of the same county.

On this statement he got a marriage
license and they were married and left
town immediately. The prosecutor says
that the papers will be served upon Fair-
banks as soon as it can be done.

SPRINGFIRLD, Ohio, Jan. 15.—When Fred
©. Fairbanks was asked to-night about
the indictment againat him at Steuben-
ville he said that he never made a false
statement at Steubenville under oath or
otherwise.

In fact, he said he did not make oath to
anything, not even to the marriage record.
*I said who I was and where I was from
and I also told who Miss Scott was and
where she was from,” said he.

Fred Fairbanks and his bride are now
living here. He is smployed in the office
of the Indiapapo'is Switch and Frog Com-
pany, which is owned by bis father.

 

FORECLOSURE AGAINST CHURCH.
yy
Episcopal Parish Has Failed te Pay Interest
on Its Mortgage

John R. Bussing and his wife, Amanda,
began proceedings in the Supreme Court
yesterday to foreclose a mortgage for $24,-
000 on property owned by the Protestant
Eptecopal Church of the Redeemer at 136th
street and Lenox avenue. The mortgage
was given three years ago, and, according
to the complaint, the interest is in default.
Harold Swain, for the Bussings, filed the
complaint in the County Clerk's office yes-
terday, together with a lis pendens.

Samuel J. Everitt, senior warden of the
church, said last night he was surprised
that foreclosure proceedings had been be-
gun. He said that the church borrowed
the money to build a parsonage, and had
not been able to pay the $600 interest when
it fell due. Lawson Purdy, president of
the Tax Commission, who is junior warden
of the church, is arranging for the payment
of the interest, he said.

Two weeks ago the church called a new
rector, the Rev. William W. Davis, who was
curate of the Church of the Transfiguration.

870,000 TRUNK UNCLAIMED.

 

Drummer's Diamond and Jewelry Samples
About to Be Sold at Auction.

Butt, Mont., Jan. 15.—A travelling
man’s trunk, containing $70,000 worth of
diamonds and jewelry, which was lost in
Butte a month ago by M. G. Carlson, Weat-
ern representative of a Duluth house, has
been found among unclaimed baggage of
the Northern Pacific at St. Paul.

It was about to be put up with a lot of
other unclaimed articles for sale at auction,

The contents were insured for $50,000,
and detectives have been working on the
case ever since the trunk disappeared.

OUR BUSY SENATORS,

Piatt and Depew Put in a Hard Day's Work
In Washington.
WasSHINGTON, Jan. 15.-The New York
Senators were astir early to-day in the
Senate. Mr. Platt returned from New York
yesterday and was in his seat to report a

 

resolution for printing the annual report |

of the Seventh International Prison Con-
gress for 1906, at Budapest.

Mr. Depew also had a busy day. He
submitted a report from the Judiciary
Committee on the bill to incorporate the
International Sunday School Association.

WOMAN SHOOTSGERMAN BANKER,

Wife's Companion Kills Member of Last
Reichstag and Herself.
Special Cable Desputch to Tae Sun.

BERLIN, Jan. 15.—Ernet Stiller, an ex-
member of the Reichstag and director
of the Bank of Commerce of Lubeck, a
reputed millionaire, was shot and killed
on the etreet in Lubeck to-day by Fraulein
Schulz, who was formerly a companion
of Herr Stiller's” wife. Senator Raabe,
who was accompanying Herr Stiller, chased
the woman, who took refuge in a door-
way, where she shot herself in the heart
with her revolver, dying instantly.:

Herr Stiller was 62 years old and Fraulein
Schulz 35. It is reported that the latter
had threatened for a long time to kill Herr
Stiller unless he favored her amatory ad-
vances

HANNA COUSINS MARRIED.

ees
Go From Cleveland to Georgia to Escape
Provisions of Ohio Law.

THOMASVILLE, Ga., Jan. 15.—-Howard
Melville Hanna an Miss Jean Claire Hanna,
both of Cleveland, Ohio, were married
here this afternoon in St. Thomas’s Episco-
pal Church, the Rev, George Whitney offici-
ating.

Among the guests were Mr. and Mrs.

Harry Payne Whitney of New York. The
bride is the daughter of L. C. Hanna of
| and the bridegroom is a son of
H. H. Hanna. They are first cousins.
Lind late Senator Mark Hanna was their
uncle.

They came to the Hanna winter home
here to marry because the Ohio law forbids
the marriage of first cousins.

COURT AFTER BRIDGE PLAYERS.

Judge Says Parlor Gambling Is Just as Bad
as Crap Shooting.
CARTERSVLLE, Ga., Jan. 15.—Judge A. W.
Fite to-day practically ordered the jury
to indict players of bridge and other society
card games.
Judge Fite said; “All society gambling
is gambling, and to my mind a man who
gambles in a parlor is just as guilty as a

 

 

 

 

     
  

negro who shoots A one who
plays a game of ahonse tee a stake, be it
ae ty aoa

the question of social

Partly cloudy~and colder to-day;
partly cloudy to-morrow,

  

}

PRICE TWO CENTS.

MAICA SHAKEN
BY EARTHQUAKE

Heavy Loss of Life and Prop.
«> orty In Kingston, the
Island’s Capital,

      
   
    
     
 
   
  
   
  
   
 
   
 
    

      

      

 

 

JA

~we.

FIRE ADDS TO THE RUIN.

 

 

The Dead Said to Number 30 and
the Wounded About 300—One-
Sixteenth of City Buried.

 

Shock Came on Monday Afternoon and
Lasted for Several Minutes—Fire Fole
lowed Along Wharves at Once—Fiames
Under Control the Same Night —Ameong
the Bulldings Destroyed Were the '
Myrtie Bank Hote! and the Milltary
Station—Toppling Buildings Killed and
Wounded Many of the Victims—Wires
Restored to Within Five Miles of the
City—Sir James Fergusson Reported
te Have Been Killed—Goy. Sir James
Swettenham Has Situation in Control,

Special Cable Despatch to Tux SUN.

HoLuanpd Bar, Jamaioa, Jan. 15.~An
earthquake shock of several minutes dura
tion, followed by several lesser shocks in
quick succession, shook Kingston violently
at 43) o'clock on Monday afternoon. A
conservative estimate has it that caves
teenth of the city was destroyed by the i
shocks and the fire that followed immes' by
diately, and that thirty people were ba gt
and about 3) injured.

With the first shock many structures ig |
the poorer part of the city went down ‘
and fire started along the wharves wherethe =
wreckage of the freight sheds offered im- {| —
mediate fuel. The clogging of the streeta
with débris and the great confusion followe ‘
ing the shocks paralyzed the fire departe —
ment for a time and the flames along the ©
waterfront had gained considerable heade
way before it could bring to bear any
effective work.

Immediately after the first severe shook
the people rushed into the streets. Suc a!
ceeding shocks toppled over weakened ©
walls on many of them., Rescue work
began at once. The General Hospital was
not destroyed by the quake. Thither
carta and stretebers bore the wounded as
fast as they were rescued from the wrecke
age.

The shock destroyed the Myrtle Bank
Hotel. The British military station was
destroyed and the camp hospital for ine
valided soldiers was likewise wrecked
entirely. 4

Sir James Fergusson is the only foreigner | |
repotted killed. No other foreigners are ‘
missing. “

All the telegraph wires leading into Kinge [7
ston were brought down with the firstshoac |
and cable communication from here was
impaired for a time. The West Indian
and Panama Cable Company's @ffice at
Kingston was so wrecked as to be unten-
able. The operators’ tried to rig up a fleld
office outside the range of the fire, bus
were unsuccessful. 4

The Governor of Jamaica, Sir James
Swettenham, with the assistance of Sir.
Alfred Jones, senior partner of the shipping ’
firm of Elder, Dempster & Co., took im-
mediate steps to allay panic and suppress
disorder. Though a steady stream of
refugees began to make ite way out of the
town to the hills with the firet outbreak
of the fire, the march of the refugees was
orderly and there was no ruffianiem.

Late reports received here from men in
the employ of the telegraphs who were
working on the lines within sight of Kinge
ston say that the fire was put under check
late on Monday night, but that it fe atill
burning in scattered places along the
wharves, where it can do little more dam-
age.

No direct communication by wire with
Kingston has yet been established. It is
not known what shipping was in the harbor
at the time, nor whether the shipping guf- .
fered.

The Myrtle Bank Hotel was the largest
hotel in the city of Kingston. It stood on
Harbour street and commanded a fine view
of Kingston harbor. The hotel was buils
by the Kingston Hotels Company under a
law passed in 1891 with the idea of provid.
ing hotels for visitors to the island. Under
this law the Government of the island
guaranteed $ per cent. upon all capital ine
vested in hotel enterprises.

The company that built the hotel failed,
and the Government took possession of it
under this same law. It was then leased
by the Government to Elder, Dempster & ©
Co., the steamship people. They have ~-
run it since,

' ?

 

SIR JAMES FERGUSSON DEADP

London Hears That a,Well Known English
man Was Killed.

Spectal Cable Despatch to Tag Sum.
Lowpon, Jan. 16.—Up to midnight the
Colonial Office had received nothing official) f

concerning the earthquake at Kingston,

although it received through the United, | “
Fruit Company a copy of a telegram it °
received from Hamar Greenwood, M. P.j
dated Holland Bay, confirming the