—_ ——
=

Vol. LXVIL—NO. 2

ee

pRoTES? MADE BY BOERS,

portiGit NOW CONSIDERED AN

try OF GREAT BRITAIN,

ing of British Troops at Betra Called a
of Neutrality Retallation by
Not) Likely Gen, Roberts's
Ready for the Advance.

Land
Violation
the oer

Arm) Reported

Special Cable Despatrhes to THE SUN
paats, April 1.~ The text of the correspond.
tween the Transvaal and Portugal con-

eat the landing of British soldiers at
Beira bas been communieated to the.
press presumably — by Dr. Leyds In
this correspondence tho South African
Fepublir expresses profound pain on learning
of the vielath n of poutrality, It contends that

jeutrality necessarily suspends the operation of
; saventions asthat under which Portugal
It keenly rewrote that after the friendly
hitherto happily existing between
the Transvaal and Portugal the latter should
nave suddenly d voided to facilitate the arrival
ofthe enemy's troops and transform herself
from a neutral to an ally of the enemy

“The comment of the Journal Dea Debatsa on
the foregoing Is believed to represent the view
oftho French Government. The paper says
the protest will remain simply platonic be-
it isnot to the interest of the Boers to
hoe protest its only practical indorsement,
possessions.

auch
acted
relations

 

eause

givet
namely an invasion of Portuguese

Lispox, April TM Replying to an inter-
peilation in the Chamber of Deputies to-day,
sefor De Veiga Beirao, Minister of Foreign
Affairs, said that the Governmént§ in
permitting British troops and supplies
to landed at Beira, Portuguese

Rast Afriea, had acted as a aovereign power.
No Furopean power has protested, A cor-
Fe hy worded protest from the South African
Republic had been recaived, but the occasion
was not opportune to discuss it.

BOERS SER QUEEN WILHELMINA,

Have a Short Audience and Seem Mach
Pleased With Their Reception.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.
Tne Hacer, April 19.—Queen Wilhelmina
received the Boer peace delegation at the Pal-
ace to-day, Dr, Leyds, the representative of

the Transvaal, and Dr. Muller of the Orange
Freo State introduced the delegates. There is
poofficial report of the audience, but it ts un-
derstood that her Majesty was very gracious
and replied to Mr. Fischer’s address in an affa-
bie manner.

The audience lasted a quarter of an hour,
and subsequently the delegates met the Dow-
ager Queen, They seemed to be very much
pleased with the manner in which they were
received

Lonpon, April 20.--The Brussels correspond-
ent of the Morning Post aays he has authorita-
tive information concerning the Boer peace
delegation, He says that their hope is based
on preventing the war being fought toa finish,
They are convinced that if itis the republics
wil! be ruined. President Krier and Presi-
dent Steyn, the correspondent adds, have no
illusions concerning the outcome of a (finish
fight, and they are only prolonging the strug-
gle in the hope that the Powers will Intervene.
The Boer forces are less numerous than is
generally believed and some marvellous
strategy will alone enable them to resist much
longer.

The delegates aro empowered by the presi-
dents to submit to the Powers, proposals for
peace, stipulating, however, for a recognition
of the sfatus quo ante bellum and the Independ-
ence of the republics. Dr. Leyds has been
compelled to inform them of the failure of his
own endeavors in Germany, France, Belgium
and Holland, and to acquaint them with his
opinion that they will be politely bowed out of
every European Foreign Offce. This is also
the view of M. De Beaufort, the Netherlands
Foreign Minister, with whom the delegates
have consulted

The correspondent adds that he learns that
the conferences were held at The Hague fn
consequence of Belgium notifying Dr, Leyds
that it was not inclined to allow Brussels to be
the seene of a discuasion to which Great
Britain mighi object as hostile to her interests,
SIGN,

RORERTS MAKES NO

Correspondents Report His Army Practically
Ready for the Advance,
Specia! Cab'e Despatch to THR SUN.
Lox pos, April 20,—There is a continued ab-
senee of news of importance from South Africa

 

following the recent notification of the
movements of Gens Brabant, Rundle
and) Chermside, These aro assumed
ty justify the belief that operations
to inclose the Boers inthe southeastern part

of the Pree State are in full progress, and that
no hing farther will be announced until some
achievement can be recorded. There is
nothing to indicate that Gen, Roberte’s main
advance has begun, but the correspondents
assert that everything is practically ready and
thatthe army is eager to start,

strain from Glen arrived at Bloemfontein
evening. The officer in charge reports
that there was firing near Karee Siding, but
no details are given,

Nothing has been received concerning the
éi'uation at Wepener.

Gen. Methuen has issued at Kimberley a proe-
lamation forbidding eivillans to carry arms
Without a wilitary permit, and announcing
that rebels have only until May 5 to deliver
theirurms, which must be sérviceable, modern
Weapons.

The stagnation in Natal continues, Gen.
Roberts's censures of Gens. Buller and Warren
have created a sensation in the Colony. Opin-
ion is divided between sympathy for the cen-
sured Generals and approval of Gen. Robe: ts’s
fearless outspokenness, Nothing has been
heard of any change in the comman 's.

PRISONERS,

last

(ARE OF BOER
Dutch at Cape Town Admit That the British
Are Doing Everything Possible.

1! Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Sun's ¢

 

orrespondent at Cape Town

sre Town, April 1.—The successful efforts
ofthe miitary authorities in fighting the fever
tpal imong the Boor prisoners has ap-
\ {tothe gratitude of even the pronounced
1 Wapapers. Mr. Duplessis, the Seere-
t {the Boer Siek Fund, has a letter in the
‘ “day in which hosays thatthe brit-
tary olficia's deserve deep gratitude for
Horr WAllngness to afford every reiief possible,
He : ie the bog ne present the friends and
4 eee re OF the Hioer prisoners may rest
eae | Mi yecrtning hecessary for their

WAN PARTIAMENT 10 REMAIN,
So Dissolation Likely for Some Time, Says Str

Michael Hicks-Beach,
‘ Cuble Despatch to THe SUS

; : NOON, April W)-Sir Michael Hicks-Beach,
; rot the Bxchequer, in a speech at
By to-day Gésposed of the rumors ot the
Miending dissolutfon of Parliament, He de-
aredtiathe dit not know and that nobody

When a general eleetion was likely but

   

“vy confidendy that if the war was

eed beyond a reasonable period and

Veni bevond the natural life of Par-

t Vo nh Government would wot appeal to
one ehoes before the latter were placed

( de judge of the policy thatthe

het Was prepared to recommend.

See ONT Advertisement To-day,

ene parents today and to
Von wis oth Ave, 20th tw Zist St

Born ;
“Ade

its to
it.

‘\

a

———_—.s =n

   

 

KIPLING “AULD LANG SYNE” VERSES |

 

Sung at an Enterta@ment Given by Corre
spondents at Bloemfontetn,
Special Cable Despatch to Tut SUN

BLOEMPONTEIN, April 1).-Anertertainment
organized by the correspondents, has been
given here in behalf ofthe widows and ornhans.
It included the singing of “Auld Lang Syne,”
with special verses by Rudyard Kipling, one of
which is as follows:

The shamrock, thistic, leek and rose,
With heath and wattle twine,

And maple from Canadian snows,
For the «ake of auld lang syne,

Por auld lang syne take hands

From London to the line
Good luck to those that tolled with us

Since the day of auld land syne.

 

WH) ONLY BULLER AND WARREN?

London Papers Want to Know Whether Rob-
erts Censured Methuen and Others,
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun \

Lonpon, April 20.—The Times has taken up
the outery, which ia growing in the press, as to
why the officers commanding at Stormberg and
Spion Kop are alone made the subjects of open
censure. It wants to know, like other journals,
whether Gen, Roberts commented upon Gen.
Methuen’s operations, especially at Magers-
fontein, and if 80, whether the comments were
suppressed, It also wants to know why the
present criticisms, which are dated Feb, 13,
were withheld for so long. The Times's com-
mente seem to indicate its conversion to the
popular suspicion of jobbery.

GEN. CARRINGTON

Leader of the Rhodesian Force Which Is Ex-
pected to Move Toward Mafeking.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Lonpon, April 10,--A despatch from Lorenzo
Marques states that Gien, Sir Frederick Car-
rington has arrived at Beira, Portuguese Enst
Africa. His corps of Australian bushmen pre-
ceded him by rail to Salisbury, It is expected
that Gen. Carrington’s forces will soon be
within striking distance of Mafeking

LANDS.

GAVE GEN. BULLER WARNING,

Government Notifed Him of Roberts's Cen-
sure, but He Made No Response.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Mancuesren, April 10.—The (/uardian states
that when it was decided to publish Lord
Roberts's criticiam of Gen, Buller’s operations
in Natal Buller was informed of thetenor of
the Field Marshal's despatches. He took no
notice of the despatches and made no response.

BOER CATTLE CAPTURED.

Patrol of Cape Police Makes a Saccessful Raid
Near Boshof,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Lonpon, April 19.—A despatch from Poshof,
Orange Free State, dated yesterday, says that |
apatrol of the Capa polico has returned there, |
bringing two wagon spans of oxen and 200
cattle which were captured from the Buers ten
miles distant.

 

CIRCASSIAN PRINCE KILLED,

Reported to Have Fallen inthe Same Battle
With Col, De Villebols Mareuil,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Lonpox, April 20.—A despatch to the Daily
Newa from Pretoria, dated April 16, says that
Prince Baratrion Morgaff, a Circassian noble-
man, was killed at Boshof in the same engage-
ment withthe British in which Col. De Villeboia
Mareuil lost his lite. Capt. Saratoff, who was
Prince Morgaff's comrade, will returnto Russia
forthwith.

WEPENER HOLDS OUT.

Withstands a Heavy Bombardment by the
Boers on Wednesday.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

From THE SUN'S Correspondent with the Boers

Branprort, April 18, via Lorenzo Marques,
April 19.—The Transvaal ambulances from
Petrusburg and Dewetsdorp have safely ar-
rived here.

Yesterday Gen, Brabant's position at Wep-
ener was subjected to a heavy bombardment,
but the garrison still holds out.

FEVER RAGING AT MAPEKING,

Pretoria Hears That the Garrison Is Being
Decimated,

Special Cable Despatch ta THE SUN
From THE SUN'S Correspondent at Pretoria
Pretoria, April 18, via Lorenzo Marques,
April 19—A despateh from Malopo yesterday |
says tbat fever is decimating the British garri- |
son at Mafeking.

 

JOIN THE

The Ambulance Corps Sent From Chicago
Takes Up Arms Against the British,

Wasuinoton, April 19.—Adelbert 8, Hay,
United States Consul at Pretoria, has informed
the State Department by telograph that mem-
bers of the ambulance corps sent from Chi-
cago and other places by American sympa-
thizers with the Boers to attend the Boer sick
and wounded have taken up arms against the
British. The State Department will probably

AWERICANS BOERS, '

 

 

complain to the Transvaal Government |
against permitting these American citi-
zens to serve in the Boer Army, on the

ground that they were permitted to leave the
United States with the understanding that |
they were to serve as neutrals in humane work,
Nocomplaint on the subject has been received
by the State Department from the Lritish Gov. |
ernment. Portugal is involved, also, as the |
arty was permitted to proceed overland from
jorenzo Marques through Portuguese terri-
tory to Pretoria. p
Miss Clara Barton, the hend of the Red Cross
Society, has taken an interest in the work of
sending neutral volunteers to South Afriea for
hospital servicer, and {tis said that knowledge
of her eSoperation in the arrangement for pro- |
viding an American ambulance corps caused
the Portuguese Government to waive objeetion
to the transit of the Americans through the |
Delagoa Bay territory.

INDIAsRUBBER FREAK SEWN UP.

Makes the Harlem Doctor Nervous Who
Patches Up His Wounded A:m,
Joseph Cramer of 214 Fast 118th street

 

walked into Harlem Hospital last night suffer-
ing from a lacerated right arm. He refusel |
to tell how he had received the wound,
but wanted it) sewn up One
the surgeons got a needleand set towork, The
{iret time he inserted the point in Cramer
arm the patient groaned, and putting bis band
up to his face, pulled out the flesh until he had |
stretched it fully a foot. Then he let it go back
with a anap.

“My Lord,” said the doctor, dropping his
needle. “Who are you?"

“T'm known both as ‘Rubberneck Joe’ and

*"India-rubber Joe,’ replied the man, “Jve
been with every circus and in every m1 um |
inthe country. Don't mind me Eve ttme

you hurt me I'm going to pull myse!f ont like
that. It distracts my attention fromthe pain.” |
Cramer did as he promised and was aso
of greatamusement to the other surgeot
while the doctor was putting ten stitches
the woun).
“Tm glad that's over,” said the do

of

 

tor when

 

 

he had finished. "LT was more bervous than
the patient a, nee
Named for Congress.
Ispravaponts, April 1—The Republienn
Congressional convention for the seeond dis. |
triet to-day pominated BP. Ro Wadworth of |
Washington, Daviess county |
A Perfect System of Safeguards |

on the Pennsyivatia Rallvoad factl.tates operation, |
promotes security and makes "dhe Standard ital!
road of America. Ade.

NEW YORK, FRIDAY, APRIL
) SHOT

| Marshal; J

| dead letter with both

| his Washing'o. home

  

 

AT A) CONVENTION,

LONE ALABAMA REPUBLICAN WOUNDED

By ANOTHER,

Exciting Time in the Convention A Hundred
Pistols Drawn, but No More Shooting Done
Two Factions Meet Separately and Will
Send Philadelphia.

The Republi-

Two Delegations to

Montoomeny, Ala., April 1
can State Convention which was called
to meet at the State Capitol at noon
tosday was «plit wide open before any
of the preliminaries were Barranged. Gas-
ton Scott, a Vaughan man, was kept
out of the hall by Prank Moragne, a Bingham
ser@eant-at-arms. A quarrel followed. Mo-
ragne pulled a pistol, and shot Scott twice
in the right hand and in the left lung, Sgott
fell at the second shot and Moragne wert at

once to tho Governoc’s oflce to surrender
himael?.

There was great confusion and it is said
that 100 pistols were drawn by mem-
bers of the different factions, Taylor
Scott, a brother of the wounded man, fol-
lowed Moragne and fired two shots at

him as he ran forthe Governor's office, The
wounded man received medical attention at
onee, but it is feared that he will not recover.

Morange was taken in custody by the
Sheriff. A pistol was found on Morange
with three barrels empty, After the

shooting, the Governor ordered the hall cleared
and would not allow elther faction to meet in
the capitol or to speak onthe grounds, It is
surprising that no more shooting was done, as
everybody went expecting trouble

The Vaughan faetion, led by a brass band,
organized a convention at the Audi-
torium and the Bingham faction. organ-
ized at Dorsett’s Hall, known as McKinley
Headquarters. The Vaughan faction after
assembling in the Auditorium became
calm and the convention was opened with
prayer by the Rey, Dr. Stokes, who is pastor of
the largest negro church in the world, it is
said, Vaughan, in hia opening address, recom-
mended that a full State ticket be put
up. He named Delegate Wickersham of
Mobile as temporary chairman, A committes
was appointed to notify Wickersham of his
selection, and he was found by the committee
atthe Bingham. convention in Dorsett Hall,
Then W Aldrich, Congressman from the
Fourth district, was nominated for permanent
chairman and was elected

The election of State Chairman was the next
business in order and Vaughan was elected by
a large majority. These dolegates-at-large to
the National Convention were elected: C. W.
Buckley, postmaster at Montgomery; B, W.
Walker, Macon, Nathan Alexander and Pope
Lovejoy, The Jast two are colored politicians,
The putting up ofa State ticket was left tothe
discretion of the Executive Committee. Reso-
lutions were passed endorsing McKinley's Ad-
ministration aud record of Aldrich, the oniy
Repubtican Congressman in the State.

The Bingham faction elected Bingham chatr-
man ot the State Executive Committee, These
delegates-at-large tothe National Convention
are: Wickersham of Mobile, postmaster;
Dan Cooper of Birmingham United States
C. Leftwick of Montgomery, Re-
cetver at Land Office, and A. N, Johnson, Sec-
retary of the Executive Committee, The last
two are colored, Each faction declares that the
other ts a bolter, and each has about the same
following in the rank and file, The Hanna
Agreement entered into at Washington was a
That there will betwo
delegations from this State there is no doubt,

TENNESSEE REPUBLICANS.

Contesting Delegates Kept Out of the Hall at
the State Convention.

Nasuvirie, Tenn, April 1%--The Republl-
can State Convention met to-day and after
electing Congressman Henry BR, Gibson tem-
porary chairman at the morning session, ad-
journed until to-night when, owing to the fact
that the Credentials Committea was not ready
to report, it adjourned until 10 o'clock to-
morrow morning. The feeling between the
supporters of Congressman Brownlow and
United States Commissioner of Pensions HI.
Clay Evans has been intensifled by to-day's
developments

The hallofthe House of Representatives in

which the convention met was guarded last
night by assistant sergeants-at-arms to
prevent any one from entering and taking

possession, and when the body was called to
order by Congressinan Brownlow, chairman of
the State Executive. Committee, there
Were present oniy those delegates whoae seats
were not contested, Those were admitted by
ticket. The contesting delegates Were assem-
bled in the corridors of the capitol and they
expressed their ind!gnation at the aetion of
the Executive Committee in exelnding them,

The Evans men immediately after the con-
vention met presented protest against certain
rulings of the committee. They said that all
delegates shoul! be allowed to have the priv-
ileges of the floor.

Chairman Brownlow ruled the protest out of
order. The recommendation of the Executive
Committee thet Congressman Gibson be
chosen temporary chairman was adopted,
Mr. Gibson took the chair and in
his speech predicted the. renomination
and reflection of President McKinley, whose
pieture, surrounded by bunting, hung at the
rear of the speaker's stand,

The Committee on Credentials at 10 o'clock
to-night had disposed of the contests in the
First and Second diatricts, deciding in favor of
the Brownlow delegates

 

STATEN ISLAND DOG

SCARE,

Mastiff Attacks Four Wen and Is Shot
Stray Cures Killed,

Many

George Wagner, a couchman employed by

 

 

ODELL WONT RUN FOR GOVERNOR,

Save No Circumstances Can Arise That Will
Make Him a Candidate,

The Hon, Benjamin LB. Odell, Jr, chairman
of the Republican State Committee, started
yesterday on his forty or tfty-day trip
through the West as far as the Pacitl:
slope, Chairman Odell desired it) to
be mada known that no matter what
the exigencies of the situation may bein Ke-
publican State polities this year, ho has not
been and is not, aud will not be, a candi-
date for Governor. Many of his per-
sonal friends have seemed to believe

that the Republican National Convention at
Philadelphia will nominate Gov. Theodore
Roosevelt for Vice-President by aeclama-
tion. But, whatever happens, Chairman
Odell said that while all of his friends
had spoken in the kindiiest and most
flattering terms concerning «a situa-
tion = which might bring about his
nomination for Governor, he,  neverthe-
leas, wanted it understood once and for
all that he was not a candidate

and will not be a candidate for Governor iu
the Republican state Convention, which is to
meet in September. Me desired this utter-
ance to be recorded for him, and he said that
this would be his final declaration on the
subject.

 

DEWEY SAYS HE NEVER SAID IT,

Dentes a Description of What a Democrat Is
Which Was Attributed to Him,

WasHINGTON, April 10.—The following letter
from Admiral Dewey to an Ohto editor was
given out by his secretary this evening:

“Wasninaton, April 10,

“Deak Sir: I am in receipt of your tetter
the 17th inst., asking if I am correctly re-
ported as saying, ‘Weil, I'll tell you what
a Democrat is: In time of war a Domo-
crat is a damned traitor; intime of peace he
{sa damned fool.’ In reply I have to state that
this {s one of the thousands of lies uttered con-
cerning me, tu attempt to contradict allof which
would require more time than is at my come
mand. However, since you extend the oppor-
tunity, it gives me pleasure to state that I have
never said orthought of such a thing as the
foregoing statement accredited to me, [have a
very fond remembrance of thousands and tens

of thousands of ‘war Democrats’ whom I
knew and who were some ofthe best fighters
this country ever saw. Very truly yours,
“GRORGE DEWEY.
“To Homer Gard, Esg., Hamilton Democrat, Hamil-
ton, Ohio,"

Mr. Gard’s letter was enlled out by the fact
that ever since the Admiral’s victory in Manila
Bay brought up the question of his polities, the
alloged graphic and apparently characteristic
definition of & Democrat has been travelling
around the country, Strangely enough, how-
ever, the Admiral has not thought it important
until now to pall it. The Dewey description of
a Democrat firat became fixed in the public
inind by the publication of a letter in a Wash-
ington newspaper, signed by Fdson C, Brace,
who was Chief Clerk of the Navy Bureau of
Equipment when Commodore George Dewey
waa ita Chief. He related with much particular-
ity how the Commodore came into the office one
morning all on edge about & newspaper article
he had read reciting some more than usual
foolish act of the Democrats, and throwing the
oaper down on the desk gave his definition of a

Jemoerat, Now Admiral George Dewey, hime
selfa Democrat and with ambitions to be the
Democratic candidate for lresident_of the
United States, says henever said it. The Ad-
iniral says he is himself a Deimocrat, and asthe
world knows he is nelther a damned traitor
nor a damned fool, he could not have been the
author of the definition, however true it
may be.

 

CARDINAL GIBBONS'S TRIP ABROAD,

Seems to Be a Confasion About Archbishop
Corrigan Sailing With Him.

Wasnixoton, Apeil 19,—It is a matter of sat-
istaction to Cardiual Gibbons, as expressed by
him to a reporter this afternoon, that one of
his prinetpal eompaniona on the journey which
he is about to make to Europe will be Arch-
bishop Corrigan of New York, This announce-
ment is interesting on account of reports that
| these rwo prelates are at variance over ques.
tions of Church government and more espe-
cially the aubject of parochial schools. Although
their views on some matters of ecclesiastical
policy do not exactly coincide, the Cardinal
and the Archbishop are the best of friends
Their relations bave never been strained

Cardinal Gibbons said to-day that his eom-
panions on the present Furopean trip, whieh
| will be his fifth voyage across the Atlantic, in-
elude, besides Archbishop Corrigan, the Arch-
bishop of St. Louis, Dr. Jonn J, Kain: the
Bishopof Brooklyn, Dr, Charles MeDonneli,
! and a number of Catholic priests, among them
Father Connolly, secretary of the archdiocese
of New York. The entire party have secured
passuge on the Lloyd steamship ‘Trave,
which will saf! on Saturday, April 28, for
Naples whenee all propose to go di-
rect to Kiome in time to attend
the eanonization of the founder of the
Christian Brothera, Blessed Joun Baptist ae
La Salle, by Pope Leo, on May 24. On June 20
| the prelates will attend the opening of the new
eathedral at Westminster, at which Cardinal
| Gibbons has been invited to preach the ser-
mon. Their ttinerary also embraces visits to
the Passion play at Oberammergau and the
Exposition at Paris. ;

Arehbishop Corrigan will take to Rome for
presentation to the Pope several hundred pho-
tographs of the various churches and institu.
tions that have been established in New York
during his incumbency. This volume of views
{a elaborately bound, and fs intended to indl-
eate tothe Pope the marvellous expansion of
the Catholic religion in New York during the
past fifteen years,

 

George Hoekmeister, was driving along Beach |

avenue, Tottenville, 8.1, on Wednesday after.
noon when he sawa mastiff approaching, Just
asitgo' tothe wagon it made @ spring at the
horse, but missed, Then it tried to jump into
the wagon, but Wagner whipped up the horse
and got away. The dog followed him a short

; distance and then turned into Amboy road and

rushed into Peter Peterson's grocery store, It
made adash at John Murray, a clerk, Murray
dodved behind a sugar Darrel and got into a
closet, Next the dov ran into the yard of WIll-
jam Bedell, Mr. Bedell was in the bark.
yord and saw the dog enter the
It walked toward _him and suddenly made a
leap at his throat. Mr. Bedell, taken unawares,

purup bis arins to ward olf the dog and was |

badly bitten ou the back of the right hand. He
immediately had the wound cauterized and re-
ported the matter to the police
James MeDernott found the dog on the stoop

of Charles H. Higbie'’s house, a block below Mr. |

Bedell's, Jobo Pinney accompanied him with
a lasso” Pinney
dog and as he did ao the dog sprang at MeDer-
motr. MeDermott fired, the bullet striking the
dog's now, A second bullet killed it, The
hody of the dog. was sent yesterday to the City
Bacteriotogical Department forexamination as
torn The police have shot fourteen stray
ville within two weeks and thir-

   

|
dogs in ‘Totte
ty-five have been sent to the shoiter at State
pieton

Hes

MUST LEARN TO THK ANEW,
Itallan, Shot in the Temple, Loft

by His Assaflant’s Pollet,
‘

Girclame® Martino of 2126 Seeond avenue,
who was shot in the lefttemple in an Ttalian
fightin Kast 111th street fourteen days ago, -s
from aphasia in Herlen Hospital,
surgeons have been unable to tnd the

nihave deeded not to probe for itany

They sail night that startino had
red from his wound, but that he would
arn to talk a ragain,

Speechless

sulfering
The

bhilet
nore
reeove
have to

ist

 

    

Senator Depew Glyen a Reception,
April di

to-no ght ar

Waar:

! re reeeptio

ros senna’

r Depew gave
Corcoran Honse

     
 

 

   

Twe ve hundred invi-
tat hat been issued end the house and
gardens were crowded during the eventing
Vinenw the goests Were meinbers of the Cab
ner, Justiee fthe Supreme Court, Senntors |

fand Members of Congress, numerous ofiemls
obth» Groverrivent ane leading  persors to
somiery, Bet wasn Miss Paull
we and M nan, assiste  bim in re-
ewing the gu ihe Marine Band @gavea
convert in the ballroom
latest Marine Intellicence,
Ar ; Tusecaror Piayry Lordon, April 6;
Ss whe, Smith savanaah, Apo lle
No, 21 'Four-Vrack Series,"
Pronou eed by membersotthe Fifty <a hCoogress
as best thing of it. hind ever published nalled five

   

on receipt of three ernk stamps Adlews Room
$16, Grand Central Staton, New york. = Ade

place, |

Poliveman |

threw the noose toward the |

It was announced inthis city yosterday that
Archbishop Corrigan will sail on the
Wilhelm F1., whieh leaves here on Sanday
morning, Saturdayis her schedule day, but
she will not sail this time until Suoday,

FAINTED AT DISS DE BAR'S NAME,

Chicago Detectives Try to Bdentify Mes.

Keator, Accused of Swindling.

Curaco, April 1.—It is now asserted that
Mra, Clara B. Keator, who was arrested
at the Metropole Hotel late on Wednes-
day night ebarged with swindling Chi-
eago merchants out of diamonds,
gold and silver ornaments and plate, carpets,
laces, dry goods and other goods valued at
$50,000, is the notorious medium Disa De
Bar,

Mrs, Keator was detained at the Lexington
Horel tii tate thia afternoon, when all efforts

to secure bail proving fruitiess — she
|} was taken to the County Jail, When |
the detectives called on her to identity

her if possible a number of the men insisted
that she was Diss De Bar She became very
indignant, and while veberiently denyins that
ahe wis Diss De Bar fointed away. A_ fit fol-
lowed her recovery from the fatut and she is
now in a serious condition,

CHICAGO'S TRADE WITH HAWATE,

Automobiles Worth 850,000 and 30,000
Boves of Mat Poison Exported Lately,

Cnieaco, April i

 

   

Khalser |
; nothing,

 
 
 

  
  

20, 1900,-COPYRIGHT, 1900, BY THE

 

Durtug the past ten davs |

) Ninth avenue
' ham, whe

50,000 worth of automobiles have Leen
shipoed to the Howalian Isfunds. A Chicago
firm built the vehie'as, whieh ineluded large |
cabs, emalienhs, delivery wagena and Pecarts
This is only one item ot Chicngas exports to

hcagomanu-

Hawali. Inthe last three months (
oworth of

foetorers have shipped fully Boo0,0

 

    

 
 

honerchandise thither ine e articles are
Lossenger. elevators aid puipments, and
totiers and puinps for useon pontations ’
of the Dutips, WIth Its CeRSOT . Cost

 

  

   
     
 

 

OoOL and two others move than (wn
During the exeitement eatsed by the pl
more chan 4o,0000 h wud boxes
poison were sent to Hifwatt from Clieago
GEN. HARRISON IN TONN
Brings His Wife and Phete Daughter Will Not
Falk Polttles,

Gen, ant Mes. Renjamin Harrison and thelr
three-vear-old daughter arrived ia this city
yesterday afternoon and went to the Difth
Avenue Hotel, Weerethey bave engaced apart
ments fortwo w s, Gen. Harrison and hes
family ure inexeellent beaith. Gen. Harrison

Will preside at the meetings of the bomnentea!

 

Contercnes, whieh opens ona Cornesie that ou
Saturday. As usta. he assed to te excused
from an interview on political questions
| e
Distafect Freely with Plactt's € hlortdes
in bouse cleaning and prevent sickness Ade

   

SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

RIOTOUS STRIKE MEETING,

LAW-ABIDING ITALIANS CALLED TT,
WVARCHISTS BREAK I UP.

 

Speaker Mobbed for Proposing That Sergt.
Douglass's Morderer Be Hunted Out
Priest and Italian Consul Hissed -Meet-
ing Ends in Disorder, Nothing Done.

The meeting arranged by the better ele-
ment of Itallans in this clty for the
purpose of aiding in a law-abiding
manner tho strikers at Croton Dam was
held Jaat night at 0 o'clock in the
restaurant of the Hotel Colombo at
140 Bleecker street, It did not accomplish
anything becauso a crowd of — wild-
eyed and long-halred Anarchfsts got con-
trol of tho meeting, drove the  bet-
ter element out, fired tbe newspaper
reporters and in turn was thrown out by the
landlord, who threatened them with asolice
visitation ifthey failed to go. As Anarchists
don't like the police, they did not wait to see if
the landlord was in earnest.

Long before the hour advertised for the
opening of the meeting the Italians began to

gather. The room was soon s0 crowded
that men were atanding on tables
holding on by each other's shoulders
The halls = and the sidewalk in

front of the hotel were also packed. Tho bet-
ter eloment, most of whom wore high hate,
gathered at the front end of the room, In
the centre were the respectable workers.
At the other end were the Anarchists, but
they did not stay there long. They

first busied, themselves distributing ‘olreulars
calling on all loyal Italians to join Inthe May
uy parade in order that wicked capitalists
could see how mighty_a demonstration honest
When the circulars were

labor could make,
to the workers

gone they began whiepering

inthe middle of the room, but left the more
prosperous-looking Italians alone. | Several
ersons spoke to Glovanni Coggiano, the Ital-
an contractor who had called the meeting,
‘You had better not hold this meeting,” they
advised. “The Anarchists will break it un.

“T gueas I can control them,” said Cogaiano.
He called the meeting to order and, after tell-
Ing the object for which they had come to-
ge her, introduced two strikers who had come
rom Croton Dam to address the meeting.
“We did not fire on the troops,” said Striker
No.1. “We welcomed them with mandolins
and all sorta of musical inetruments. At the
start of the trouble the Italian Consul came
uptosea us. He tried to fix the matter up and
went to see the contractors, [He reported to us
that the contractors would not grant our re.
quest and advised us to go back to work and
call the strike off.”

“Down with the Consul!” “To hell with
the Consul!’ “Kill the Consul!” and sim-
flar cries came from the Anarchists, uc-
con panied by hisses. and groans, Then
Striker No. 2 sald. that. Father Garofola
of St, Michael's Church {un Brooklyn had called
on the strikers yesterday and had counselled
tbe men to go back to work again and end the
strike,

“To hell with the priest!” shouted a big An-
"May his soul

archist, jumping on a chalr.
other

roast in perdition for that.” The

Anarchists added their cries to his, but
Coggiano restored order and introduced
Nicola Confordi, a contractor, who was

formerly President of the Italinn Stone Masons’
Unton and the Itallan Bricklayere’s Union.
Conford{ wore a silk hat, a frock coat and
vatant leather shoes, and these evidences of
18 proapernty were not pleasing to those in tha
rear of the room,

“Lam told,” said Confordi, “that ofall the
strikers there are but 100 who are citizens of
this country and but sixty who live up there.

The rest of the men say that they cannot
get work there unless thelr applications
for work are O. K’d. by € reatanront

keeper, who. pays part of his profite to the
company. They also tell me that allof the
emplovees must buy their groceries at one
and that they have to pay two
prices because the proprietor pays the
contractors 1) per cent. of the gross receipts
Now I think that we should
o White Plains

store

ot his store
appoint a committee to go t

with a Jawyer and gee that the men
who have been arrested get justice, Mass
meetings should be held in this — city

andthe strikers should hold muss massings,
but they should be orderly meetings We
should hire a lawyer and have hin go with the
committee tothe contractors and ask for jus-
tlee, That is all that we want, As forthe sol-
der who was killed -—" :

"Ta too bad the whole fot wasn't killed
instead of only one!” shouted ap Anarchist in
the rear of the room, and his comrades ap-
plauded. :

“Ag law-abiding citizens,” shouted Confordi,
“it is our duty to cooperate for justice, and we
want only jnatiee, If Sergt. Douglass was
killed by an Italian, we want to help the police
to arreat and convict the assassin. If he was
not killed by an Italian, we want to remove the
stigma from our race, But we want to make
it Known that wa respect the law.”

“To hell with the law and with such white-
livered people as you! came a shout from the
rearofthe room. “The best thing to do isto
killthe soldiers and blowup enough of the
works to make the contractor give in.”

“This matter should be taken tothe State
Board of Arbitration,’ continued Confordi.
“We want no disorder; we want order and re-
spect for the law.”

fle got no further. The Anarchists rolled in
unison. They upset ehairs and tables and
pandemonium reigned, Tho better element ot
the Italians grabbed their hats and foueht
their way outtothe doors, Just
was going through the door, one of the An-
archists yelled

“You eoward! To leave the flell when you
can’t answer our argumenfs.’

Confordi turned and atrode back into the
mob, making straight for the man who had
shouted after him. When he reached him he
said: <

“Don't you dare eall mea coward. For fit-
tem years I have been spending most of my
life in belping Italians. You know my record,
and, to say the Jenat, it is better than yours,
Don't talk to meor call me any such names, or
you Will regret {t.”

“Di kill von!” sereamed tho man, but as
Confordi merely Iaughed at. him he dit

Conford) turned and left the hall,
Immediately those who were left made a rush
forthe reporters’ table,

"Get out of here!’ they yelled, “Tho presa
{9 but for the rieh, The poor have no chance
Get out or we'll kill youl”

The reporters stood not on the order of thelr
going. Then the Anarchfats, as well as eould
be seen from the windows, started to make
speeches to themselves, four or flve men talk-
ing at onee, Suddenly the landlord anpeared,
and there was an animated denversation. It
ended in the Anarchists sullenly leaving the
hotel.

“Ltold them they would find the police here

lif they did not get out and they went,” ex-

plained the landlord whep he was asked what
had induced the men to leave, ‘Many of them
don’t like the police ”

POISONED HERSELF IN THE STREET
After Threatening to
Said Had Wronged Her,

Olive Sinoliter, 23 years ol!, who live? in

as Confordb |

 

 

a furnished room at 224 Ninth avenue, went to
the Eighth District Civil Court vesterday
afternoon and asked If it would be possi-
ble for her to get a summons for a
youn man with whom she was in|
ove and who had trifled with her affeetions
after be had obtained $50 from her in freland

nees the clerk
recovering

\ffer inquiry inte the cireuns
told her there was little chante
fhe mouey

“Well she said, “if that’s the oe
bim and then kit myself’

Last night at TOs wel
the drug store at ‘wenty-
Droge Clerk Samuel Cuunipg-
saw her coming ana sent
eowoman DNusned away
erowd eomit t of tha

 

   

mh atrs .

 
 

spew her,
tora policeman i
and was lostipth

Gra r House

 

 
   

 

at 1 mu Ope rm
ear bin
swelowe |
wok and

She

“

hy

 

har

 

Hen BUBTES STAPVED,
Aly

toot

Street

Hl Fron
Misers,

One Deal "

Lach
Jeacy Tanne nbaum
Hoch |
appeared
peo. sy

on We

sireet

of porewsia

married Salis
mug. He hos
oher three We
rom the ¢

1 thine
Pos Hine mont

bo

a tailor s-
Pwites
Ww
Ing and

wer

 

he

” is discl rapita

 

to

re dey yester

reoins on Lorayth
{ny

epetal emul

 

ek proper ot food

 

Poland! olemal Be $
Dria ts the purest, natural spring water known.
Aar

 

1 potthink he

 
 

 

Rain and cooler this afternoon;
rain to-morrow,

"PRICE TWO CENTS.

PRICE

eee ee er eee

RICHARDSON TO BE INVESTIGATED. STRIKERS ARE OVERAWED.

Senate's Printing Committee to Inquire Into
His Library Enterprise,

Wasutvoton, April 1.-In the Senate to-
day a resolution was offered by Mr. Chandler
(Rep., N. HL), and was agreed to, ins'ructing the
Committes on Printing to investigate the facta
connected withthe compllation and publication
of the messages and papers of the Presidents
by Congressman Richardson of Tennessee,
Assistant Librarian Spofford of the Congres-
sional Library and Mr. Barcus of Indian-
apolis, the resolution giving permission to
privata persons to use the stereotype plates, the
distribution of coples, the sales made by
private persons and the methods adopted In
making such sales, and other material facts,
and to report the results of the inquiry and
such Jogislation as it may deem desirable.

Senator Platt of New York is chairman of the
Committee on Printing. As soon as the resolu-
tlon was passed Mr, Richardson appeared on
the floor of the Senate and had a talk with Mr.
Platt. The Senator said afterward that the in-
vestigation would not begin before next week.
Under the terms of the resolution the com mit-
tee may not bo able to get at the bottom of the
scandal,as no power is given to send for per-
sons or papers or subpiena witnesses.

18 GOV, TAYIOR INDICTED?

Report That He Is Accused of Complicity in
the Killing of Goebel,

Franxrorrt, Ky., April 11.—Indictments were
returned to-day against John W. Davis and
Green Golden as accessories to the Cioebel
murder. Golden, Davis and Gov, W. 8, Taylor
were mentioned in the preceding indictments,
but were not indicted then, Tho Grand Jury
fa still in session. Golden is a Knox county
farmer, Davis ia the Capito! Square police-
man,

The report that Goy. Taylor was also indicted
aa an accessory Is current here to-night. The
indictment is sald to have been filed this after-
noon, If so, it waa not madepnblic, Clerk
Ford aatd in answer to an inquiry that the in-
dictment was not on record in his office,

WELLINGTON AGAINST M'KINLEY.

Predicts Republican Defeat in Maryland New
Attack on Lowndes,

SALTIMORE, April 10.—United States Sena-
tor Wellington declared to-day that he would
try to hurt ex-Goy, Lowndes in business as he
has already hurt him politically, With this ob-
ject he has established a bank at Cumberland
which he expects will take from the former
Governor’a bank most of its business, The
latter now enjoys a monopoly of the deposits.

“When Gov. Lowndes deserted me,” said the
Senator, “and went over to my enemies, I told
him from that time forward there could be
nothing but war politically and commercially
between us.”

Asked what result the ight between himself
and Lowndes would have on the partyin Mary-
land, he said he thought it would prove “a
bad year for the Republicans in Maryland.”
He continued: “Ll suppose Mr. McKinley will

be nominated, although I think his renomina-
tion would bea mistake. ‘The party in power
has always the opportunity to build up a
machine with offigeholders bound tothe Ad-
ministration by the strongest ties. IL believe
the Demoerats have an excellent chance to
win. The Republicans do not realize the dis-
satisfaction in their own ranks. Varty spirit
is not as binding a@ it was in years gone by.
Yeople are more independent, und whon the
party does wrong they feel themselves at
liberty to rebuke the party.”

Republieans in this city say that Wellington's
defection will not affect the party in thia State,
They are confident of victory in November.

DASHED ACID IN DEVER'S FACE,

Ertel Angered at Him During a Visit
He Made tn Her Husband's Absence.

Georges Deyer, a saloonkeeper of 161 Wash-
ington street, Brooklyn, had the sight of his
lefteye impaired and his face disfigured with
carbolic acid yesterday in the flatof Mr. and
Mrs. Margaret Ertel at 1532 Gates avenue,
Williamsburg. The woman is a brunette
years old, who, two months ago, after having
been separated from her husband, a salesman,
for seven months, became reconciled to him.
Deyer, who is 55 yeura old, has known the
Frtela a long time and he often visited them.
During Ertel’s absence from his home early
yesterday morning Deyer called. He got into

anargument with Mrs, Ertel, and asserted
Jater that without the slightest provocation
she had doused his face with carbolic acid.
Deyer made his way out of the house. Dolice-
man Metzger summoved an ambulance, and
after Deyer had reoelved medieal treatment,
he made a coinplaint against Mrs. Ertel and
she was taken to the Hamburg avenue police
station, Dever was taken home

While in aeell Mrs, krtel became hysterical
and declared that she loved Deyerand had no
intention of harming him. When she was ur-
ralgned jaterin the kwen street police court,
Magistrate Dristow was informed that Deyer,

Mrs.

 

 

on account ofthe burns he hal received, was |

unable to appear, Mrs. Er'el wes held tn $500
bali pending a hearing
that while Dever was in her flat he madea
move as ifto jrawa revolver and fearing that
he mean to shoot her, she had seized a hottle
containing earbolic acid and thrown it at him

BRIDAL COUPLE FLER,

a Window From a Too Nolay and
Enthuslastt> Send-Off,

y Pyex,N.J., April 1 Miss Katherine
fteoand Mr. Charles Friederich, a New York
lawyer, were married last evening. After the
ceremony, While the young folks were waiting
with Greek fire, giant firecrackers and old shoes
to give the bridal couple @ rousing send-otY, the
principals slipped quietly away, The bride
wentupstairs tochange her bridal dresa for a
travelling costume. Meantime it waa sugested
thatto escape the proposed racket that the
couple should eacape from an upper back win-
dow,

The suggestion was adopted, A ladder was
hastily procured and by this Mr. and) Mrs
Friederich descended to the ground, It was
raining and no one saw them,
in waiting by the barn and the bridal
were soon speeding away toward Red Bank,
The jokers waited fifteen minutes for the
couple to appear, and when they dit not do so
an investigation was begun and their departure

Fscane by

 

Kill a Man Who She | #certuned

TALESUAN KEPT IN,

Justice Lyon Treatsa Corporation Mater Like

a Schoolboy.
Alice MeAlan of 4 West Pighty-fourth
Manhattan, obtained a verdict of $10,-
OOO in the Supreme Court in Brooklyn
day in her suit against the trustees of

Mrs.
street,
yester
the Now

 

York and Brooklyn Bridge to recover $26,000
damages for injuries sustained on May 17,
IMM). Oneofthe talesisen ealled suid be did

  

viild eousist

 
   

ns he hid a presudice age orporatio
Hie was exeused, but wasto'd to remainin the
eourkl room After the jury had been seleetod
Justiog Lyon exgensed all the tiesmen excapte
ing the one who was opposed to corporations,

Shere, silt the
Need against cor-
Wo here and hear
ie cage ft muy
rinati

 

‘You have satbin throe eg
Justi that you ar pregu
por.taws None, you ma

f the testimony ont

 

Krome

Kaive you some deastratve

CHICAGO POLITICIANS CAUGHT,

Hay Stecl and Wire
Icfore the Break ¢
April We—itis stated that the
in Ameri Steel and
alot of Ch eago politieans

heamorket. One oltthem
wn

Passed

ine,

The Tip t Jost

Veen

ne wn

stuati
ise!
wrong se
tul

 

 

 

 

, e lost
the tipte buy
Joun Hoigthere,
ground senero
lower veut
preep red and
hook went
are mia

said to havea eom
ana to Day beon pres
ly Many of the ia
in Wire eonveror
wp tothe ne

home pr

Is

 

Tork.

f the Penr
ead
faciltles

4 ition for Mid and t
New Went ri
yvinia db tra, tog
servicer Malabiloou, place
of the Penansy.vatia Railroad
dents of Manhattan. ~Ade

pper New

  

her ow
thie com

P eRe
piet

ent

2u |

She said afterward |

A carriage was |
couple |

atthe doors of the resi |

THEIR SETTLEMENTS SURROUNDED

BY BAYONETS,

 

 

Interesting Scenes Incident to the Arrest of
Twenty-six of the Supposed Leaders-One
Day Given to the Men to Retarn to Work

Little Increase of the Working Force
Yesterday, Except at the Quarry, Where
75 Men Showed Up, an Increase of 40,

Croron Lanpino, N. Y,, April 19,—Little
Italy on the Hill is silent to-night and in the
Bowery under the hill there ts gloom, Cowed
already bythe overwhelming military forces
which swarm through allthe hills about them,
the Itallan strikers ou the new Croton River
Dam were to-day completely overawed by the
arrest of twenty-six of their number, seven of
whom are to-night locked up in the village jail
here at Croton Landing, while ninetoen, after
along march under military escort and over a
mountain road heavy with mud, were put fo
cars and taken to the jail at White Plains,

The charges against them are rioting, ine
citing a riot, and carrying, and invoking
threatening demonstration with, deadly
weapons. Those inthe jall at Croton Landing
were committed late this afternoon by Justice

of the Peace George W. Baker, Thoy wero
brought over here in commissary wagons
under an escort of a detachment of
the Seventh Regiment. They will be
arraigned beforo Justico Baker to-m¥rrow
and sent to White Plains Jal The
nineteen who went w White Plains

will be arraigned before Judge Lent, In most
of the cages the arrests were mado on warrants
in which James Stevens, time-keeper of the
workmen at the dam, was complainant, ale
though in several cases the Itallans were sim-
ply held upon suspicion and searched for cone
cealed weapons. When weapons were found
the men were detained and sent to the guard
tent of the Fourth and Eleventh Separate
companies, where all the alleged rioters were
first rounded up

The effect of this vigorous measure upon the
Italians in the settlements was profound, The
Arrests were made with such a display of
military foree and with such dramatio acces-
| sories of glistening arms and uniformed men
that it stirret the fervid Italian imagination to
profound depth and left in its wake a feeling
something like terror. The whole affair was
admirably managed so far as the military were
concerned, Without a word of warning the
strikers in thelr scattered settlomenta were
suddenly meshed in anet which encompassed
them and left not a loop hole of escape.
With the exception of the three companies of
the Seventh Regiment at the Milestone quarry,
near Peekskill, all the men under Gen, Roe’s
command, to the number of nearly a thousand,
were involved {n the movement. The Troops
A and C picketed the road for a mile out from
the Bowery over the hills and along the high-
way. Theremaining seven coimpanies of the
Seventh and the two Separate companies were
thrown out inathin line surrounding the en
tire works of the new dam and drawn close up
around the Italian settlements. Gen, Olin
watched the movement through his fleld glasses
from the Camp Roosevelt headquarters in the
contractors’ cottage and smiled placidly as one
thin blue line after another was outlined
against the sky along the ridges of the distant
hills, The orders to the men were simple and
peremptory. They were told to let everybody
into the settlements who wanted to go and not
let a soul out unless he had a pass,

Up In Little Itaiy on the hill there was con-
sternation the moment the meaning of the
movement was understood, Several women
who started out to get milk from Purdy's farm
up on the west hill were turned back geatly
but firmly, The soldiers smiled pleasantly at
them, but lowered their guns and barred all
passage. A forlorn chap with an overcoat on
i his arm and a battered grip in his hand
wondered drearily about, now toward this
} point and now at that, and seemingly too dazed
to grasp the meaning of itall. Occasionally he

{ would sft down on a boulder andthink, The
he would wander off in another direction an
run up against another glistening gun barrel.
Asamatterof fucthe bad nothing todo with
the strike, He lives in Haverstraw and he had
been up on a visit to some friends in Little
Italy. The insistance with which the military
urged him to prolong bis stay bewildered him,
In the meantime Sherif Molloy, with twene
ty-four deputies at his heels, und escorted b
allof Company D, with Col. Appleton, Capt,
Fiske and a group of handsomely mounted
i offeers at its head, had begun business in
earnest The first descent waa over the
Jong, straggling street eailel the Bowery.
‘The method of onerations was simple, but
| overwhelming The Sheriff with Depu-

 

| ties Jarvis, Acton and Saldino. led the
| way They were accompanied by @
} sguad of eight men of the Seventh, Eight

more men lined upon the opposite side come
jinanding the upper windows at each house
visited. The [tahans silent, but too protoundly
| impressed to manifest the slightestsign of dis-
approval, much less auger, lined the sidewalks
| and peered trom windows and doorways, Not
loneofthem uttered a word, ‘They were too
| much preoceupied to romember even to ges-
ticulate

A little weazened Italian, Sagi Pettinato,with
na stubby gray mustache, was the first vietim,
Ho was driving a reporier over from Croton
Landing and reached the owery just in time

 

tole inal the lestivittes Thore was supposed
tobe a warrant for Sugi. He hesitated but a,
moment When told to get out of the wagon,
} But it all proved to be a mistake The
warrant was for another Sugi, und the
confusion came from the deonty sheriffs

troubles with Jraliag names, Sagi wis released
ond he made lively traeks toward his home itn
} pitt dtaly. The frat domichiary visit was af
| the house of the Rotelas. There live the old
j man Maree} and his two sens Antonio and
Angelo Ali bave been active io the converane
tional line since the strike began, and Angelo
has come to be reputed a ieaver, although foe
the last two days he has putin a good deal of
hie time making gesticuatory denials that
he is

Lut the house of the Rote
another cause than fear o’
deputies knoeked at the a

  

   

 

vas closed for
irrest when the
yr, A litte baby

  

 

  
  
 

 

 

Inv dying, as it Was supposed, within it, and
the prieg yibeen sent for when the Sheriff
loarne. There wasa ¢ for u time to elve
the priest time toget there before the father
was marched away apr ior, tut the priest
ididnoeteome, aud the Sheri! went ahead with
his voty. only one Woman was in the room
i} when the door was opened Not aman was io
| sigpt, and? noboly could pear bngiush, But io
han upper roo Marcelo wid his son Antonio
were found They were handculfed together
and banded over fo fhe sani of soldiers in the
streetand it turned oattha the baby was not
ko tiles was thought reported as doing

It was

 
 

r the arrest was
| ahouse after all
for the oue the depue
apture was not there,

very wellau huur or &
made. The raidon the
was not very Aatisfaetor
Thos especialy Wanted ty

 

 

 

This was Anvelo. the dapper ttle fellow with
t write fedor. har, th “ont-hoed necks
tie ane the ine! tlende tonetache, who has
Leon doug somuch taking. Angelo was noe

 

 

where to be found, a though the deputies rane
kachked (he ifthe low-roomed, twoeatory house
itor to bottom in seareh of him.
they were leaving Private Gilman of the
nihsquad said he saw aman at an upper
ww. The cepnties went back aod made
epseareh. Batno Angelo was found, for
i the very coodrena-on that he was away at Croe
} ton Landing jiefo re tue searching party had
returned tothe street aman who bat met and

 

  
  

 

 

 

 

       

   

recognized him vear the landing village told
Shenf Molloy of the facet. Lient, Fiske
of the Stount Vernon Separate Come
louny, who the way, aso Mayor
Fiske of Movat Vernon, in. company with
Jreriat ree started off at a brisk
}trotior Croton Landing to *k for the supe
we fugitiy bur Angelo was not runnin
. | away After golug to the vaading he ha
leturted back on fe When he was overtaken
by areporter in a carringe who recognized him
and ofiernd m aride for the sake of bis
| views k® Sobe was jogging come
| fortatiy al war home wheo Lieut. Fiske
rand Deg a piwith him. He ae-
Yee pt vetd | was permitted to
jeontinie ti tothe bowery with the two
offlee sa nae
Meantime iae-fo-hous visitation was
continue lend (ive or stv more Itallans were
niied ¢t he to noittie 4 weston in the
hsdwastrect foal ibe houses @ seareh for
} Wenpons was ia with bat meagre reeulta,
Pandit mavte sant right hore that the entire

 

Ride an “O' Nc” Bleyvele,

They are sale wheels toride and are the best vale
fo New York. 61h Ave, 20tb lo 21st St—Ade