_-
———-

VOL. —NO. 234.

LXXIII.

++NEW YORK, SUNDAY, APRIL 22, 1906 ,—copwrions, 1006, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

oe)

Es a *
vo Cer Nahr nL enya

PR ee ecto. Kans

ae er

“Gowpa?,
‘Clearing and cooler to-day;
fresh west to northwest winds,

hen?

 

Apart 23,"1008.y.

fair to-morrow}

 

 

FORTY-SIX PAGES.

PRICE FIVE CENTS.‘

 

BURNED CITY
TAKES ON
COURAGE

os

Fire Peril Is Over and
the Famine Danger
Growing Less.

————

PESTILENGE A MENACE.

os

Gen, Funston Fighting to
Improve Conditions
of Sanitation.

————

TOWNS ASK FOR THE REFUGEES.

ed

Neary Cities Want the Homeless
to Be Sent to Them.

|

eee

SUPPLY TRAINS COMING IN.
Neishboying Counties Rushing in

Food on Wagons.

 

Greatest Danger to the City Is From Bad
Sanitation—The Mayor Warns tho
People to Take the Utmost Precautions
Californians Rushing Food to the
City in All Sorts of Conveyances— What
Fire There Remains is Along the
Wharves oy the Bay—Ferryhewe
Ww atched Closely to Keep It Safe— Many
of the Sick Sent Out to the Presidio
.Some of the Dead Buried in the City
Parks—Looters Still Being Dealt With
Judge Lynch Fashion—Refugees Not
Allowed to Take Baggage With Them
—*§ome Bulldings Available for Offices.

The San Francisco fire is nearly spent.
t has spread a little to corners which it
missed in the first sweep, but as the west
wind holds steady it is borne to the east-
ward and its march ia limited by San Fran-
cisco Bay. In another day or two it will
probably burn itself out.

“All the surrounding country has sent in
supplies in advance of the relief trains,
and Dr. Joseph Voorsanger, the member
of the Committee of Safety in charge of
the food supply, reported last night that
there had been enough provisions to go
around; and as supplies are coming fast
from all directions the homeless people
will not starve.

The danger now is from pestilence
through lack of sanitation. To avert
this Major McIver of the Regular army is
laying out sanitary camps and the au-
thorities are encouraging every one who
can do so to leave town. The water supply
is partly restored. There is enough for
cooking and drinking purposes. A rule
that it shall be used for no other purpose
is enforced strictly.

The railroads are running trains again
and giving free passage to refugees. As
yet no one is allowed to enter the city.
Several smaller Californian cities have
offered accommodations and have in-
formed the Committee of Public Safety
as to how many refugees they can ac-
commodate.

All up and down the Pacific Coast the
people are doing all they can to get the
necessities of life into San Francisco, Mayor
Schmitz has asked especially for tents,
blankets and all other necessities of out
of door life.

Hope has flowed back into the city. No
one in San Francisco seems to doubt that
it will be rebuilt at once, It is only a ques-
tion of ways and means. Three office
buildings passed over but not seriously
damaged by the fire will be occupied to-
morrow morning for the transaction of
pressing business. The main thorough-
fares, at least those which have cooled off
after the fire, have been cleared for traffic.

The tenement district, where most of the
lives were lost in the earthquake, has cooled
of. Yesterday soldiers and volunteers
went through the ruins taking out the
bodies. It was impossible to take them
to the regular cemeteries. They were
buried fifteen in a trench in the public
parks or even in unpaved streets. There
were found smal! buildings whose loss
escaped notice onthe first day, each holding
from two to six corpses From the con-
ditions which the solvier§ found in this
(istrict it is probable that the loss of life
is greater than the estimated 600.

Details of the earthquake disaster which.

were missed in the confusion of the first
day began to come in yesterday. The
Cosmopolitan Hotel collapsed with great
loss of life. The early morning vegetable
market was filled with pedlers. The
roof fell in and the number of dead at this
point is estimated at twenty.

The fact remains that this fourth day
marked the return of hope to San Francisco.
From the outside the city is receiving every
enoouragement which the American people
can give it. Never were offers of aid so
many ofso hearty.

Gov. Pardee yesterday decided to make
to-morrow and Tuesday publio holidays,
andsoproclaimedthem. This will probably
relieve the banking situation legally.

The fire must have threatened the water-
front again late at night, for Major Devol
telegraphed the War Department just be-
fore midnight that the army tugs Slocum
and McClelland, assisted by the navy tugs,
saved the waterfront, but only after the
most heroic efforts,

 

FIRE DYING OUT SLOWLY.

 

No Danger of a Famine—Efforts to Pree
vent a Pestilence.

OAKLAND, Cal., April 21—Although the
worst is over, the stubborn San Francisco
fire still burns on. Turned back from
Van Ness avenue yesterday afternoon, it
set itself to clean up the districts which
it had rnissed in its first rush. Telegraph
Hill went, but the district lying north
of Telegraph Hill and Russian Hill, and
known as North Beach, together with the
seaward slope of Russian Hill, had been
spared. The flames took that to-day.

The west wind is high, and early in the
day it became apparent that the wharves
and wharf buildings on the north frontage
were in danger. So far the fire tugs have
managed to save the wharves, but this
hot rush of flames may be too much for
them. They ‘were doing the best they
could when the fire, spreading fan shaped,
ran along a fringe of waterfront buildings
that were spared the first day and reached
out toward the ferry building.

This is the most important point in San
Francisco just now. If it goes the ferries
will have no places to dock and the refugees
will be cut off from the country of refuge
along the Oakland hills. A police tug
brought news of this peril to the fire police.
They left the fight at the comparatively
unimportant north wharves to the regular
fire engines and hurried to save the ferry
building.

All the afternoon long they kept streams
on the buildings which fringe the broad
esplanade about the ferry, and by 4 o'clock
the fire was checked at this point, Even
when the smoke was rolling down Market
street the steady procession of refugees
kept up, This is about the only time in
this fire when the puny forces of man have
been able to save anything.

With a cloud of smoke overhanging
the district north of Market and a sullen
hazs which obscures the sun above all
the rest of the city the people consider
that the fire is practically over. They
have passed through too much even to
care about the burning of a few wharves
and fifteen or twenty blocks of houses,
for unless the wind veerd, and this is not
likely, the fire has little more to feed up®n.

FAMINE DANGER PAST.

The danger of famine is past. We
had lost faith in everything when we thought
that the people of the country and es-
pecially of the broad productive region at
our doors, would let us starve. Not only
have half a dozen provision trains arrived,
but the farmers of all Alameda county
and of northern Santa Clara county have
loaded all the provisions they have into |
their wagons and brought them in to offer

|

a

without money and without price to the
committee of safety.

They brought crates of chickens, freshly
killed calves and hogs, wagonloads of
dried fruits which thay were holding in
their storehouses from last season. The
warehouses at Port Costa, the centra of |
grain shipments, seem to be sending all
their flour. A carload of unground wheat
was sent in to-day. The military, acting
with the Committee of Safety, took pos-
session of all these provisions as they ar-
rived. The names of the owners and rough
inventories were taken, except in cases
where it was specified that the provisions
were to be given to the relief fund. The
others will be paid full value for their goods
when the relief committee gets to the dis-
tribution of the funds, which are now
knowf to be coming.

The baggage car of the Southern Pacific
passenger train coming in from the San
Joaquin Valley was loaded with miscel-
laneous provisions gathered in the small
towns along the line. The man in charge
reported that all over the southern San
Joaquin Valley the women were gathering
eggs and hard boiling them, so as to send
in food which would not need cooking. |

The soldiers are piling up the supplies
in the Southern Pacific freight yard in
Oakland. There is enough to feed the refu-
gees here for a day or two at least and they
have been sending the surplus to San Fran-
cisco. We cannot tell here what the famine
situation is over there, but refugees say
that the soldiers are managing to feed the
city. It must have been a close squeeze,
however, for it is definitely known that
for the first time they broke into the service
rations voted by the Government, which
had been saved for great emergencies.

Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger, at the head of
the sub-committee on provisions, sent over
word yesterday that they had the famine
situation in hand. Into San Francisco there
came supplies from the small towns of the |
Coast regioa by every train running on the |
southern route. Even San José, 3! is under-
stood forgot her own desolation and sent
supplies. For there is no famine problem

 

 

Equinox Ginger Champagne—-Best. |
Principal grocers, NW. Y. Tel, 6151 Franklin,~-Ady,

| night.

there. Prodigal, hospitable San Francisco
is being paid back in kind by the country.
FUNSTON TACKLES SANITATION.

Something perhaps worse than famine
threatens San Francisco. The sewers are
gone. It isa city without eanitation. Con-
ditions are ripe for any kind of pestilence.
There is just enough water for drinking and
cooking, not enough for cleanliness. To
settle this problem Gen. Funston, the little
man with horse sense to whom the city
owes so much, has bent all his energy.
Now that the city is more quiet and fresh
troops have arrived from the south, a good
part of the soldiers have been sent off to
arrange sanitary camps in the Potrero
and on the ocean slope of the city. Even
Golden Gate Park, large and open as it is,
has become foul through the occupation
of more than 100,000 people for two nights.

TOWNS ASK FOR REFUGEES.

Committees from this side of the bay;
passed specially by the troops, were in
San Francisco to-day advising every one
to leave. The whole State has telegraphed
offers of hospitality. Berkeley, where the
University ef California campus is a con-
centrating camp, asks for 2,000 more; F'resno
wants 3,000, and nearly every town of the
San Joaquin Valley offers to help, The
Southern Pacific is giving free transportae
tion and all trains are crowded, This will
help to avert the pestilence.

There is a great forest country with
flowing streams to the north. If only
provisions can be got to those this and the
slopes of Mount Tamalpais can accommodate
thousands without danger. Yet what can
three railroad lines do with 400,000 people?
Sanitation is the problem now. The ruins
of the tenement district south of Market
street, where “most of the dead lay, have
cooled. Yesterday the police, the soldiers
and hardy citizen volunteers set themselves
to gathering the corpses,which are in fright-
ful condition from the great heat, and
burying them. So many bodies appear to
have been taken out from little houses whose
fall escaped notice in the general disaster
that the number of dead must pass the
early estimate of 600.

SOME BODIES BURIED IN PARES.

There was no attempt to get them to the
cemeteries or even to the temporary ceme-
teries at the Presidio. They were buried
in the nearest parks unidentified. In Colume
bia Park and in South Park big treuchea
were dug and the corpses were piled in
fifteen toa trench. At one place on Folsom
street there was no park near at hand. They
dug the trench there in an unpaved street,
A military messenger who came over to-
night with despatches reported: that this
horrible task is nearly done, Most of the
corpses are under ground.

CHINATOWN TUNNELS CAVED IN.

There is another unconsidered factor
which adds to the list of probable dead.
Chinatown was built three stories above
the street and three below it. The Chinese
had run their tunnels, chambers and seoret
passages fifty feet below ground. These
were always populated, especially at night.
As they were not timbered, these tunnels
must have caved in, for the shock was
strong enough at that point to overthrow
some of the old rookeries, The things
which must have happened down there in
the bowels of the earth! Even if the Chinese
had thought of rescue work here, the fire
would have driven them away, for China-
town caught fire almost at once and the
population was driven into Portsmouth
square.

TWENTY-FIVE PEDLERS KILLED.

New details of the earthquake shock keep
coming in. Only to-day did we learn that
about twenty-five vegetable pediers, mostly
Italian, were killed by the fall of the veges
table market on Washington street. This
was a wide, low building and was doing a
lively business at 5 o'clock in the morning
when the shock came. The roof fell and
the fire reached that building before the ruins
could be searched. It is said that two or
three were roasted alive.

Men are mighty good or mighty bad ina
time like this. We have learned that. Three-
quarters of the people are helping one an-
other, sharing their rations with them, help-
ing to hunt for the missing, burying the
dead, caring for the sick. One-quarter is
grabbing and storing food, trying to make
money from the necessities of others, ready
to rob and to plunder. One old man who
came over alone on the ferry to-day wore
a big overcoat, although the weather is
mild, appeared very fat and walked with
difficulty. A soldier took a good look at him,
stepped forward, ripped his overcoat open
and found that he had tied bags of provisions
all about his body, like a life preserver.
He cried piteously when the soldiers com-
mandeered the provisions.

STILL SHOOTING LOOTERS.

They are atill shooting the looters, but
certain rumors about men caught stealing
jewels from the dead and cutting off the
fingers of corpses to get at the rings are re-
garded as preposterous on the face of it. The
dead were among the very poor. That alone
makes this story foolish. Although the
eoldiersasa whole have behaved like heroes,
there are isolated cases of privates who have
got drunk on liquor taken out of ruined
buildings and used their rifles too freely.
Probably more than one case of reported
execution for looting amounted to cold-
blooded murder.

A corporal who has just been transferred
from San Francisco to Oakland, and who
was on guard at the mint, says that there
is no truth in the story of an attack on
the mint by a band of robbers. But of
course there have been isolated ropberies—
a great deal more than the soldiers have
ever pu nished by the summary method of |

&-
MP LIFE MORE COMFORTABLE.

shoc

In'te 2 dark places of Golden Gate Park |
there was sorne highway , robbery last
The robbers w, after provisions
rather than money. second night of

a
rr

general camping out in the park differed
but little from the first, except that the
people were on the whole more comfortable.
The volunteer fire fighters, who have pretty
well dropped out of the work, now that the
fire has turned; were rested up. There
were more blankets and shelter tents,
thanks to the troops.
SICK SENT TO THE PRESIDIO.

It was inevitable; under the oircum-
stances; that many should fall sick from
diseases brought on by exposure. The
troops sent all such to the hospitals of the
Presidio; which must be crowded by this
time.

There is nothing to show that an epidemio
of any kind is threatened. The cases were
of pneumonia, acute rheumatism and the
like. It is a fortunate circumstance that
the physicians’ convention was just over
when the earthquake came and that most
of the delegates had remained in the city.
The medical department at the Presidio,
with the thoughtfulness and foresight
which have marked the work of the army
all through, systematically appropriated
the stocks of drug stores as they were threat-
ened by the flames, and the medical supply
department at the Presidio is well stocked.
Just now there appears to be no danger of a
drug famine.

The refugees came into Oakland to-day
without any personal baggage. The sol-
diers, realizing that life is now more valuable
than property and that it may be life and
death to get people out of the city, forced
them to leave their belongings in a great
heap which is growing along the esplanade
of the ferries. As there is no water except
for drinking purposes, the refugees, marked
with the smoke and the dirt of their out of
doors bed, looked like tramps.

There has been a strange change in the
psychology of the crowd. Yesterday
they’ were actively miserable, still able to
weep or to laugh at their hard luck, To-
day they are simply dead of face and eyes.
There is no emotion left in them. The
soldiers are haggard yet,

Back with the refugees to-day came a
great part of the cadet battalion of the
University of California. These young
men were not a success as police and Gen,
Funston, having no time to train them in
their duties, dismissed the corps. Yester-
day President Jordan telegraphed from
Stanford University offering the aid of a
volunteer corps of 150 students. Rabbi
Voorsanger, needing the help of young
and active men in distributing pro-
visions, accepted the offer. They arrived
to-day and were set at work. Of course all
classes are dismissed at both of the uni-
versities and it is doubtful if there will be
any more regular instruction this term.
Stanford, where the water supply is ample
and the sanitation good, may take care of
some of the refugees.

COUBAGE SHOWS ITSELF.

* Among the people who have made San
Francisco and who guide its activities
hope is reviving. While the actual refugees
are numb and dulled by four days of horror
and of hardship, courage is in the air again.
The citizens are getting ready first to clear
the city, restore the water supply and sani-
tation and make it livable and then to re-
build. That they will rebuild is accepted
without question. The only debate is over
waysand means. '

The banks, housed in tents or in modern
buildings which were seared but not de-
stroyed by the firs, will open for businexs
on Wednesday. The losstotheir vaults was
slight; they will probably be ready to pay
off all reasonable claims. There has been
a shortage of ready money, People of
means unable to realize on checita have been
as poor as the poorest these four days.

OFFICE BUILDINGS TO BE OPENED.

There is tremendous work to be done—
greater work than any other American
city ever had to do. But the Western
spirit is ablaze. Men have started out to
do it. The Merchants’ Exchange Building,
the new Fairmount Hotel and the Monad-
nock Building, three modern steel struc-
tures which came out of the fire without
important damage, will be opened on Mon-
day morning as office buildings for the
transaction of important business.

Steel construction and fireproofing vindi-
cated themselves nobly in this disaster.
Many such buildings got through the earth-
quake, and the best of them although burned
over, will not have to be rebuilt.

MAYOR'S SANITATION WARNING.

The following was the day's proclama-
tion by Mayor Schmitz:

“Do not be afraid of famine. There will
be an abundance of food supplied. Do not
use any water except for drinking and
cooking purposes. Do not light any fires
in houses, stoves or fireplaces. Do not use
any house closets under any circumstances,
but dig earth closetain rear of vacant lots,
using, if possible, chloride of lime or some
other disinfectant. This is of the greatest
importance, and the water supply is only
sufficient for drinking and cooking. Do
not allow any garbage to remain on the
premises; bury and cover it immediately.
Pestilence can only be avoided by com-
plying with these regulations.

“You are particularly requested not to
enter any business house or dwelling ex-
cept your own, as you may be mistaken
for one of the looters and shot on sight, as
the orders are not to arrest but shoot down
any one caught stealing.”

PARK SLEEPERS FARE ILL.

Oakland, which is shut off from the heavy
sea , fog and wind, was a more comfortable
place to spend the night out of doors than
Golden Gate Park, which fronts on the
Pacific Ocean, and gets the full benefit of
every breeze that blows, . Early this morn-
ing the temperature fell and the wind in-
| creased.

_ The people came out of the park shrub-

 

seh ong ress Water aids digestion, cures
insomnia, dyspepsia and all
stomach HICH OS
All Srukgtess bs ve
CONGRESS SPRING com PANY,
_ Saratogu | Springs, | N. YY, Ade,

rR SN SAS ne Sunes Seasseene==s=ssssnesyses=nosasso1s<ser-v==snlSeagENSRENSS=pIrsuneasereseeseesemnseensnaerooetenmmmmemmnmesmmeeemereesenaee seaeeiecemmemmne mem senseeeeeaieaeetan smmraannae nian oan

bery where they were trying to keep warm;
and made a long procession down the
Ocean boulevard. The park museum was
placed under guard to keep ite treasures
from looters and a limited number of
women, children and old men were allowed
to sleep on its stone floors.

But the refugees in Idora Park and the
slopes about Lake Merritt; Oakland; es-
caped the cold wind, and, being in a town
which stood and was trying to do every-
thing for them, they fared a great deal
better. Only a few hardy men;who were
willing to sacrifice themselves for the good
of the weaklings, went without covering.
The people atripped the portieres and hang-
ings from their walls, tore up their carpets,
brought in every spare piece of cloth which
would do for a night’s covering.

The women and children who preferred
to stay indoors and on hard floors were
taken care of in the public halls, the school
buildings and the basements of the churches,
To-day beds were improvised of sheets
and hay and the weaker refugees who are
beginning to go down under the strain
will sleep comfortably.

Oakland has done nobly. People are
sharing their beds with absolute strangers,
and while the newcomers in the park camps
were dead to the world those who came the
day before cheered up considerably. One
camp of young men got out a banjo and
sang for the entertainment of the crowd.
People played cards, too; and one little
San Francisco wharf rat produced an oil-
cloth craps layout and started to bank a
game. The police raided this in short
order,

One hears all kinds of stories; some of
them a comedy relief to the great tragedy.
A man ran from a hotel on Ellis street in
his pajamas, but with a pair of trousers
thrown over his shoulder. About the time
the heavy shock ceased he ran into a group
of women, This brought him to his modesty
and he sat down on the sidewalk and put
on his trousers at onoe. People have bee
carrying about the most ridiculous be-
longings; like bird cages, music boxes
and cooking utensils. One refugee in
Idora Park carries about with him a big
French horn, which was the only thing he

saved.
SEPARATION OF FAMILIES.

Perhaps the most heartrending thing
now is the separation of families. In the
basement of St. John’s Church they are
taking care of three little Italian girls who
cry night and day. Somehow during the
exodus from Telegraph Hill to Fort Mason
they were separated from their father, who
had them in charge, and in the morning
they followed the general exodus to the
open ferries. Where part of a family is on
this side and part on the other, it is im-
possible to go back for any inquiries, owing
to the rigid rule that no one shall enter
the city.

There are a lot of people in Oakland who
have come in from other places in Califor-
nia to try to rejoin relatives in San Fran-
cisco. During the day these people watch
by the approaches of the ferry mole, scan-
ning every batch of refugees as the ferries
bring them over. J. D. Springer, a travel-
ling man, has a wife and family living in
Geary street,San Francisco, He wasin Sac-
ramento when the shock came. He could
not get to Oakland until Thursday morning.

For two days he camped out by the mole,
so that if his wife came over she would
not pass him in the night. On Friday a
friend told him that he-had seen Mrs.
Springer camping out on Union Square
the day before. This was his first proof
that she was alive. Yesterday morning

she appeared in the procession of refugees

in charge of their Chinese servant, who
had taken care of her and her little son
from the first. The Chinaman was carry-
ing the baby.

In fact, one of the attractive features on
the human side of this thing has been the

be suspended, Everything for a time must
go out of the general delivery window.
This is a cumbersome and almost im-
possible way of getting an accumulation of
mail to perhaps 200,000 people, yet it seems
to be the only way. They are four days
behind, of course, and the pile of mail-
bags looks like wheat sacks in a granary.
Besides that, half the United States must
have been Writing letters to San Francisco
in these four days and when these come
the force will be swamped. The Post Office
Department never before faced such @
problem as this.
Then there must be a heavy money order
and registered mail from folks who are
trying to rush money to friends and rela-
tives in San Francisco. The problem o
identification for money orders and regis-
tered mail is another thing which makes
the heart of the post office cleris eink.
They will have the assistance of the carrier
force, or such of them as have remained in
the city, since there is nothing now except
the Western Addition and the suburbs to
carry mail to.
TEMPORARY MATERNITY HOSPITAL.
The University of California has taken
one small problem off the hands of the Oak-
land authorities. Since the first day babies
have been born out of doors in all the con-
centration camps. To-day the university
has established a temporary maternity
hospital, under the direction of Prof. Walter
McGee, physical director. A great many
women about to become mothers were sent
over there to-day.
The Cosmopolitan Hotel, another big barn
of a lodging house situated in the tenement
district south of Market, caved in at the
first shock of the earthquake and buried the
lodgers. It is impossible to say how many
were killed, but the loss here was large.
The ruins were burned over before the
bodies could be taken out, and this was
one of the places from which the soldiers
took corpses to-day for burial.

LAST STAND OF THE FIRE,

Flames Around Telegraph Hill Made 25,-
000 More Persons Homeless.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 21—As an indica-
tion of the mad flight of the inhabitants
is the fact that the bodies of two babies
were found on Union street. On the water-
front the only structure intact is the ferry
building, but the authorities fear that is
unsafe,

During the night the flames swept from
the top of Telegraph Hill down to the level
where the lumber yards stood. Thence
they whirled out toward the military reser-
vation, where more than 20,000 persons are
encamped. For a time there was fear
that they might be entrapped, as a large
number of oil and gas tanks were in danger
on the level ground near Megg’s Wharf.

The fire last night rendered 25,000 more
homeless. It was one of the fiercest
of the four days burning. It circled
around the two hills. In anindescribabiy
short time the inhabitants were all but cut
off from escape. Many were driven to the
summits of the hill, where they huddled,
hoping against fate that they would escape
death. At the very crest of the hills the
fire ceased, leaving houses intact.

Many of those who plunged toward the
bay in flight were caught by the flames.
Their bodies were discovered and gathered
at Washington Square.

Thousands were aided on th»* water-
front by the United States marines and the
craft anchored in the bay. All efforts to
fight the fire in this vicinity proved un-

 

| availing, and a real stand was not made

until the waterfront was reached. Here
six fire tugs fought the blaze for about
three-quarters of a mile, when the fire was
finally checked.

Mayor Schmitz and Gen, Funston, with
their corps of aids, are getting things in
good shape. They have their schemes for
relief and reconstruction down to a practical

devotion of the Chinese servants to the | working basis and hold out every hope for

children of the families which they served. j success.
This is not the only thing, for many a China- ) work,

is doing splendid
may seem

The military
While their methods

man has acted as the man of the family for | harsh at first to people who have never

the’ women and children. Except for the
inevitable panic of the first morning, when
the Chinese tore into Portsmouth Square
and fought with the Italians for a place
of safety, the Chinese have been orderly,
easy to manage and philosophical. They
have staggered around under loads of
household goods which would have broken
the back of a horse and they took hard the
order of the troops yesterday, which com-
manded all passengers to leave their bundles
at the ferry.
JAIL BIRDS TAKEN AWAY SAFELY,

The San Francisco police managed to
clear the old county jail on Broadway and
the city prison without losing a prisoner,
although both these buildings were de-
stroyed.. There is a large county jail at
the southern limit of the city, far out of the
zone of danger.

When it became certain [that the jails
would go they sent the prisoners by relays
to this jail. The last batch went on foot
under heavy guard. The Broadway jail
was of Spanish construction and dated
from the early days. From it Casey and
Cora, the first men lynched by the vigi-
lantes, were taken.

The time was when Oakland boasted
that she would some day have a greater
population than San Francisco, She has
it—in a manner of which neither town ever
dreamed,

The San Francisco post office gathered itself
together yesterday and made an attempt
to resume business. The post office build-

ing, while standing, is not entirely safe and |

the postal people found temporary quarters
in a building near by which a freak of the
fire had spared. There is a terrible job
before them. Delivery, of course, must

The Famous , Lake SI Shore wil imtted
has sleeping cars for Si. Louls and Cincinnati,
leaving New York every day at 3:30 P. M., via New
York Central Lines, No exccss fare,—Ade,

 

Speer's Wine Cellars at Passaic, N. J.
Very old Fork Sherry. Bure uae. Claret & 1901 Grap
Brandy, Free samples prices by erriting.—A fe

 

|
|
|

 

been subject to routine discipline, all are
ready to submit to inconvenience affecting
personal liberty, especially if they know
this is for the good and welfare of the multi-
tude,

SHOT MAN PINNEDIN WRECKAGE,

Soldier Kills Sufferer to Prevent His Being
Burned to Death.

Los ANGELES, April 21.—Miss Margaret

Underhill of San Francisco, who arrived

here from that city last night, says she saw

a soldier shoot a man who was pinned ina |

burning building and could not be rescued.

“Three times my friends and I stopped
to make a camping place in the street where
we thought that the flames that were moy-
ing west would not reach us,” she said,
“We stopped to watch the soldiers and fire-
men who, with timbers from the wreckage,
were at work on the front of a burning
frame building.

“The front of the three story structure
had fallen ouiside. Pinned beneath the
structure was a man who pleaded piteously
with the men who worked to release him.
His head and shoulders projeoted from
the wreckage. With his free arm he tried
to help the workers by pulling at the tim-
bers. One by one the men were driven |
back by the approaching flames until at
last only one soldier remained. He was
blistered by the heat.

“‘'Good-by,' the soldier shouted as a
sheet of flame swept around the corner of

the building. The place was a roaring
hell. ‘The soldier picked up his rifle, which
was standing against a broken timber, and
turned to go. From where we stood we
could see the timber that held the man
down smoke His hairend mustache were
singed.
“‘For God's sake shoot me,’ he begged.
| The soldier turned and went back to within
twenty-five feet of the man and said some-
thing. We could not hear what he said,
Then he started to walk away.
“‘Shoot me before you go,’ yelled the
man. The soldier turned quickly. Then

we heard the rifle crack and knew that he |
had done 80.
WHERE TO TAKE LUNCH

And drink the Highest Types of American Wines,
i T. Pewey & Sons Co. 138 Fulton St, New York.

Ade. \

 

|

|

HALF MILLION =
ESCAPES FIRE.

on

Gold Taken From a Bank's
Vaults Just as Flames
Reached the Place.

ee

DRIVEN AWAY TO SAFETY.

 

Time Lock Released It Be-
fore They Could Get ft.

 

—Money Pat in a Wagon and @ Das:
Through the Streets Followe—Crecker
Bank Moved Some Money te the Bt.
Franols’ Hotel,

Pay Out Small Sums In a Few Days,
OAKLAND, Cal.; April 21.—It is probable

that the money and securities in those places
are safe.

ures while the fire was raging.
William H. High; manager of the ‘San

Banking Corporation, which has its head-
quarters at 60 Wall street, New York;
was awakened by the earthquake in his
home in Oakland, across the bay, at 6:15
o'clock on Wednesday, and immediately
hurried over to San Francisco to size up
the situation.

Arriving upon the ground at Sansome

joined by other employees of the bank and
they immediately planned to get the books;
papers, securities, and even gold, out of
the vaults. The books that were merely
in safes without time locks were quickly
removed, but it was difficult to get the
gold out until the time lock would permit
the opening of the vaults at 9 o’clock in the
morning.

Then Manager High, procuring a horse
and wagon, with the aid of several soldiers
to guard the treasure, removed $500,000 in
gold to the nearest safe deposit vaults
that were then well outside of the zone where
the fire was raging. His first thought was
to drive the treasure to Oakland, but so
many of the streets leading to the ferry
were blocked by crumbling walls that it was
found impossible to take the coin outside
of San Francisco, and it was placed in safe
deposit vaults within a few blocks of his
bank,

The Crocker-Woolworth Bank,near by,also
thought it safe to remove its gold and trans-
port it to the St. Francis Hotel, upon Union
Square, which was then supposed to be far
removed from danger. In the case of the
Crocker-Woolworth Bank it is not known

whether the gold was subsequently ree © —

moved to a place of safety.

The strange part of the Crocker-Wool-
worth transfer was that, although the
whole upper part of the Crocker-Woolworth
building was gutted, the bank vaults from
which the gold was originally removed
were undisturbed in the basement.

The Wells Fargo, the Nevada, the Call-
fornia, the First National and all the larger
banks fared equally well. Either the
securities and bullion were left in vaults
in the basement, where they are perfectly
safe, or else they were transferred to safe
deposit vaults that were known to be sure
proof against even earthquakes.

Representatives of all the San Francisco
banks will have another meeting in Oak-
jland on Monday morning to arrange
details. They will probably all open
temporary banks in Oakland and supply
all their depositors with limited sums until
they can reach the vaults of the San
Francisco banks that are now safely buried
beneath the débris, They are prepared to
meet all reasonable demands and supply
funds in sinall amounts—probably for the
first few days not exceeding $25 at a time
to each depositor.

The only bank in the huge ruined district
that escaped destruction was the Market

Which Was Burned
Afterward—Most of the Bank Vaulte 9]
Unharmed—Banks Will Be Able te |

Some of the banks, however; —
succeeded in removing most of their treag- _

Francisco branch of the International ©

he

 

Officials Had to Wait Until the —

 

 

Close Call to Get at $800,000 tthe Intere
national Banking Corporation’s Office = ™

 

and Pine streets in San Francisco, he was '

 

that most of the bank vaults areintactand ~~

Z

e

Street Bank, at the corner of Seventh and

Market streets. It is in the gutted Grand
building, but the firemen, with heroio efforts,
saved the ground floor, It will pay out
money just as soon as it hears from the
Clearing Houses officers.

The State banks and banks of the United
States in genera] have telegraphed guar-
anteeing support to Jocal] financial institu-
tions, and arrangements have already been
made whereby it can be stated every de-
positor will be paid in full.

The big steel vaults of the various banks
and deposit companies look like weird
spectres looming up amid the ashes and
ruins of the destroyed buildings in which
they were housed. Some of them are so
hot from their protracted contact with the
sea of raging flames that it is said it will
take ut least forty-eight hours for them
} to cool sufficiently to be accessible.

President Lynch of the First National
Bank was at the head of the committee
which examined all the vaults in the ruins
, and reported yesterday that they were all
intact. Gov. Pardee followed up the report
| of the bankers by issuing a proclamation
. declaring Monday amd Tueqday logal

a

x