“~

 

VOL. LXXVIIL—NO. 2.

        

URLONG SUED POR $100,000 oe RAILWAY BARNS BUR

FORMER LAW CLERK ASKS FOR
DAMAGES FOR ALIENATION,

Woman in the Case Had Been Living at
Magistrate's Farm—Counsel for Fur-
long Says There Is Ne Truth in the
Allegations and Talks of Blackmail.

Another trouble was added yesterday

to those already belonging to Magistrate
Henry J. Furlong of Brooklyn when

whose lawyers say he is a contractor | spread of the flames sent in a second and | two automobiles yesterday

‘e
4 = papers were served on him in an alienation
suit brought by Joseph F. Hartnett, |
living somewhere in Sands street, Brook- |
lyn. Mr. Hartnett alleges that the Magie- |
 { trate alienated the affections of Mrs.

Hartnett in November,
has lived “almost continuously” with °
her since that time. The plaintiff says he |
understands that there is an illegitimate |
child. '

The papers were served on Magistrate j
Furlong while he was on the in the |
Adams street police court
afternoon. He took them, acknowledged
the service and referred inquirers to his |
attorney, Congressman Henry M. Gold- i
fogle. :

Joseph F. Hartnett, according to his |
lawyer, George Robinson of 99 Nassau |
street, was formerly a law clerk in the’
office of Supreme Court Justice Gaynor.

 

 

ay Crippled and Bronx Troliey Ser-

vice Knecked Out in $100,000 Blaze.
Fire
barns of the Union Railway Company at
175th street and Boston road last night

and disabled the feed wires in such Both Are in Hospital and Probably

@ way that few trolley cars would
run in The Bronx to-day above 149th
atreet. The damage is estimated at
more than $100,000. The fire started in a
paint shop shortly after 10:30 and spread
rapidly through the two story brick
building which occupies a plot 350 by

———_————— ge

 

’-/ SHOOTS DOCTOR AN

|

D HERSELF

 

FROM NEURASTHENIA.

 

Is Not .to Biame and That He Wit)
Make No Charge Against Her.

Dr. Shirley N. C. Hicks, a young phy-
sician who has been practising in Jamaica

200 feet from 175th to 174th street on | for the last nine years and is well known
Boston road and the Southern boulevard. | in that part of the greater city, was out
Deputy Chief Ahearn seeing the rapid | making professional calls in one of his

third alarm and a moment later a fourth.
Chief Croker hurried up on the second
alarm, but the fire burned so fiercely that

forenoon
when his aged mother answered a tele-
phone call at his office at 28 Hardenbrook

the firemen could do little aside from pre- |®venue, Jamaica. A woman at the tele-

1904, and that he | venting it from spreading. As it was the | Phone told Mrs. Hicks that her son, the

sparks fell like snowflakes on the subway | doctor, was wanted immediately at the
structure. which is elevated at that point. | home of a Mrs. Condon in Dakota avenue,

In spite of the efforts of the fire fighters
the structure caught fire in several places
afd it was found necessary to cut off the
power while these fires were being fought.

Dunton, a station on the Long Island
Railroad just this side of Jamaica
Mrs. Hicks gave the message to her

This stopped all subway travel above/ son when he returned to his offico at

was still idle at 12:30 this morning.

The fire in the repair shops‘and barns
burned itself out and the entire building
with the exception of a sub-power sta-
tion was gutted. The feed lines supply-
ing power to the trolley lines above 149th
street run under the burned buildings
and every effort was being made this

| morning to cool these sufficiently for re-

esterday | Freeman street and that part ‘of the line} abcut noon. She aays the doctor looked

at the written name two orAhree times
and finally decided that “the name's
snelled correctly.” [He went oul on the
call, and about two hours afterward Dr.
George K Meynen of Jemaica, who is
one of the Long Island Railroad surgeons
and visiting surgeon to St. Mary's Hospital

See arene cao atenge een eae nano eam

+++NEW YORK, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 2,

—

 

 

0

a

RS. COOK HASN'T HEARD YET.
Off on a Trip With Her Chiidren and Can't
Be Lecated.

      
     

the repair shops and| PHYSICIAN SAYS SHESUFFERED) ponruann, Me., Sept. 1.—Mrs. Frederiok |

A Cook, wife of Dr. Cook, who is reported
to have discovered the North Pole, left

Both | her summer bome at Bouth Harpswell, in
Wil Get Well—Doector Says She | Casco Bay, yesterday and came to this |

| city with her two children, Ruth, aged 9,
and Helen, aged 4, and to-day with a
friend, Mrs. Austin Sullivan, went out of
town for a pleasure trip

Up to 11 o'clock to-night she had not
been located. The following telegram

 

Mr. Chase at South Harpawell, where
Mrs. Cook is boarding: :
“CopENHAGEN, Denmark, Sept. 1, 1909.
“Mre. F. A. Cook, South Harpewell, Me.:
“Successful and well. Wire address
Hote! Bristol, Copenhagen. FRED.”

WITH SWORDS.

One French Captain Wounted Three
Times and Anether Twice.
Speciat Cabls Despatch to Tar SUN.

Paris, Sept. 1.--A determined duel
with swords was fought this morning
by two Captains, Gerard and Ange, who
' belong to the same regiment.
Capt. Gerard is a Socialist who writes
lunder an assumed name for socialistic
| publications. An argument arose con-
| cerning his writings in the course of which
| Capt. Ange expressed doubt as to Capt.
Gerard's veracity and eventually slapped
erard’s face.

FIERCE DUEL

 

 

 

t
‘

 

 

  

OUND THE POLE,
DR. COOK SAYS

‘Brooklyn Explorer Safe on
| Danish Steamer at —
Lerwick,

F

 

|

 

|

has been received at the house of the Rev. |

|GOAL MADE APRIL 21, 1908
|

| '
Danish Official Reports That
Eskimos Confirm Story
of Discovery.

Explorer Says He Has Opened 30,000
Mites of New Land te Human Ken
— Interesting Fiora and Fauna—Bitter
Cold Compelied Quick Travelling
—Feei Found by the Way—After
Sending a Few Despatches the Ex-

 

Q,—Copyriat. 1900, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

bears and more than 300 heres fell before
the guns of th. party and added precious
meat to their s.-re.

From a point on ‘he southern side of
Heiberg Island, the expedition pushed
out into the Polar Sea. Here six Eski-
mos and forty-eight dogs turned back
carrying supplies for eighty days with
which to establish relief stations for the
backward journey.

The crossing of the belt of water just
below the pole began three days later.
The trains were now reduced to the ut-
most minimum.

Twenty-six dogs, including the two
leaders, big powerful brutes, were picked
for the final dash to the pole, which was
then 460 miles away.

The first few days marching showed
encouraging progress despite the severe
cold and the stéady nipping wind. The
big stretch of water separating the land
ice from the floating polar pack was
crossed with little delay in two boats,
which had been brought along by the
expedition. 7

Several days after the sight of known
land had been lost the skies, which had
been eo overcast as to prevent an actual
determination of position, cleared a bit
and on March 30 there was seen on the
western horizon a new land. This was
in latitude 84 degrees, 47 minutes; longi-
tude 86 degrees 36 minutes.

Because of the necossity of pressing

The ioe became broken up and the tem-
Perature rose to sero. anal
Travel got to be increasingly difficult
Rations for dog and man were ‘reduve?
to three-quarters. Fog added to the
dangér. Clear sky did not appear untit
after twenty days of struggle. The party
then found temselves far down in Prince
Gustav Sea, with practically open “water
a barrier to Heiberg Island.
Beats, however, carne along in time
fill the empty stomachs. :
The party next sought to follow the ioe
movement south to Lancaster Sound in
the hope of reaching a Scotch whaler. a
Further progress southward besani@tm> .
possible early in July and the ye
crossed the Frith of Devon into Jo
An attempt was then made to ach.
Baffin's Bay. Lack of food caused my
suffering during this part of the journey,
The way eastward was continued until
the frosts of early September forced “a
halt.
Food, fuel and ammunition were gone
and the party settled down to a life ind
death struggle with nature. They hunted
with rude implements such as they could
fashion and laid in a supply of musk.ox;
bear and wolf meat. For a habitation
they made an undergrpund den on ‘Cape

Sparbo and in this they remained wrtil

‘to
“my

ee

i in Ji ica, calle . Ricks’ ,
ipairs to be made. Fifty cars were aanaien. called up Or. Bisks's orto challenge and the usual prelimin- plorer Went On to Copenhagen on sunrise of the year 1909. +o

Hartnett says in his affidavit that he was
married to Miss Christina Agnes Ashley |
on June 15, 1901, and that they had one}
child. They lived for several yeara_at 344 {
Forty-seventh street, Brooklyn. Magis- |
trate Furlong, the plaintiff alleges, was |
bis friend for mapy years. i
The specific act of alienation is set down |

ber 26, 1904, when Hartnett allezes the |

husband's home, deprived him of her |

'

love and society, 4c., and that he lived |
almost continuously with her in various
farts of New York, New Jersey and Penr- |
eylvania.

The plaintiff says that two years after |
his wife left him he met a friend of his
on the street and this friend told him that
the woman was livinz with Magistrate
Furlong and that there was a child. Just
where his wife was Hartnett says he did
not know until August 15 of the prosent
year, when he heard that she was at.
Hazelwood, in the Ramapo Hills, not far
from Greenwood Lake, a; Magistrate
Furlong’s country home.

A Mrs. Mary Louis of 144 Vermont
avenue, Brooklyn. formerly employed
as a cook at the Furlong place at Hazel-
wood, figures in the case as told by Law-
yer Robinson. Mrs, Louis wrote Mr.
Hargnett, according to the lawyer. telling
him of the alleged relations between “his
wife and the police me @ietyat® alia adding
that Furlong had given the woman a
diamond ring. The farm, Mrs. Louis
eaid in a newspaper interview of about
the same date as the letters which she is
supposed to have written to Hartnett—
about the middle of August—had been
converted into accommodations for sum-
mer boarders. The cards of the place
bore the name “Behner and Halsey.”
The Behner, the lawyers say, is a Jacob
Bebner, 2 wagon painter living et 2725

 

 

known as Mrs. Harnett, or Hartnett,
and who ran the house as its manager.
The cook further stated that when Magis-
trate Furlong went away on August 10
‘ast he was accompanied.by Mrs. Halsey
andaman named Howard Blum _ It was
while Magistrate long was away that
his wife died at their seaside home in
Bteuben place, Rockaway Beach. The
Magistrate returned just in time for the
tuneral.

Martin T. Manton of Congressmar. Gold-
fogle’s firm, who has the active charge
of Furlong's affairs, said yesterday after-
noon that there was “absolutely no truth
in the allegations contained in the com-
plaint.”. He said that Mrs. Hartnett wos
at one time the housekeeper at Hazel-
wood, but is not now, and this he sup-
ported with a statement from Furlong
himself that the woman left his employ
several years ago and had not been in
his employ since. Manton was asked if
the Brooklyn Magistrate intended this
as a blanket denial covering the case as
well if the woman remained at the farm
4s amember of the firm of “Behner and
Halsey.” The earlier was allowed
to stand for the present—that she had not |
been “employed” by Magistrate Furlong |
for some time. The denial put forward |
by the Magistrate and his lawyer regard- |
ing the child was unqualified and also that
regarding the charge that the couple

Mag

‘ Atlantic avenue, Brooklyn. Mrs. Lovis
iF understood the “Halsey” to refer to a
; Mrs. Halsey, who, she said, also was

  
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    

>

had lived together in three States.
istrate Furlong said, through his lawyer,
that it wasa “blackmailing suit.”

Congressman Goldfogle did not profess
to have complete knowledge of the cir-
cumstances, but remarked that “a suit
brought at this time, with Judge Furlong
in his present trouble, should be viewed
with grave suspicion.”

Mr. Goldfogle further had things to offer
regarding the record of\Mr. Hartnett, for
which he said Mr. Furlong would bring
forward the proofs at the proper time. |
According to the statement given by the |
accused Magistrate to his lawyer he had |
first employed the woman Mrs. Hartnett
in his Brooklyn home, at 89 Sunnyside
avenue and then had taken her to his
farm at Hazelwood as a servant. He!
Claims to have understood from her that |
her husband had treated her in a manner
which caused her to go out and earn her
own living. The plaintiff, the lawyers
on the other side say they have learned,
was at one time a drug clerk and he is
supposed to live in Bloomfield, N. J.

Mrs. Furlong was 52 years old at the
time of her death. Mrs. Hartnett’s ag:
* given as about 30. Aocording to the
information given out yesterday by
Lawyer Robinson she still is at the Hazel-
wood farm.

The suit is brought in the Supreme
Court in Kings county and is for $100,000
Gamages. Congressman Goldfogle said

that the answer would be ready in a tew|
days

— -— —

of PECIAL TRAIN FROM ATLANTIC CITY
onday, 3 A

Newark,
Vonie Rall ty and N:
Ads.

lenneg)-
Parlor cars, img car, coaches.

he

to tell Her that Dr. Hicks had been shot |

The blaze attracted so many persons | through the left thigh by the Mrs. Condon | #ries =
that the reserves of four precincts were | who had sent for him and that Mra. Con- — =
needed to keep order. Flying sparks set | don had then shot herself just Cours:

onward no détour was made to examine
this coast. Here the expedition saw the
last sign of solid earth. Beyond there

burned in the barn. owed at once. The duel con-

eight fierce three minute en-
The result was that Capt.

Beard the Hans Eged—Appeared at
Upernavik in May Last— Dr. Frederick

above tho | three times and Capt. A. Cook Was No Novice in Polar Work | Was nothing stable and nothing terres-
fire to the trees on the Henry Minford | heart. anes yee, waunten ree --Made & Seerét of Start on His Pres. | trial whataoever.
estate and tifreatened the old mansion Dr. Hicks told his version of the shoot- | /

 

+ By this time Dr. Cook was moving

The only trolley lines which wore not
affected were the 138th and 180th street
crosstown and the Willis avenue lines.

Company said that the company would

 

ing to the reporters as he lay in bed in
St. Mary's Hospital, Jamaica, last night.
In the room above him lay Mrs. Condon,

in the complaint as occurring on Novem- President Maher of the Union Railway who is charged on the blotter of the Rich-
| mond Hill police station with felonious |
Magistrate took Mrs. Hartnett from her ,TU® temporary wires on poles around the | assault and attempted guicide

*Patrol-

; voy RIDERS SENT TO
{Pour Young Men Sent Up for 00 Days
and Fined #200 Each.

Dretrorr, Sept. 1.—Four young men
--Oliver M. Lau, Harvey Huntoon,

AAIL.

 

ruins and that he hoped to get the stalled | man Carlin sat outside her door and no-| a E Clemente—all
cars running again late this morning, | body was permitted to speak to her. Frank Liner and Ernest

or at tho latest, early in the afternoon.

NEW POSTAL CARD.

“I was called to Mrs. Condon’s home,”
Dr. Hicks said, “and drove over there in a
carriage shortly after luncheon. She and
her husband, who is in the plumbing

Contract Awarded for 3,487.000,000 of | business in Brooklyn, have been patients

laghter Weight and More Ornate.

WASHINGTON, Sept.
General Hitchcock provided for a postal
card more ornate and decidedly superior
to the one now in use when he awarded
a contract for 3,487,000,000 carda to the
Government Printing Office. The esti-
mated cost, coyering a period of four years
from January 1, 1910, is $934,714. The
posta! card will be made of a stock better
suited to writing, possessing snappiness,
free from fussiness and presecting a
neater appearance. While the weight of
the card will be reduced from 150 to 130

will be increased & wo
as com th the current
This wilt @ stronger unc Tigh

1.—Bostmaster- |

 
  
 
 
   
  
   
  
    

of mine for some time.

“When I called at the house I found
Mrs. Condon suffering from a complaint
that has brdught me to her house very
often—neurasthenia. While I was talk-
ing £0 her and trying to quiet her as best
I could she suddenly darted upstairs,
leaving me in the parlor with her two
children. She said as she left the room
that she was going to kill herself.

“A moment later I heard a shot up-
stairs and hurried up to her room. The
first shot she fired was evidently without
aim. As I came upstairs Mrs. Condon
ran out to another room. I followed her
pistol away from her. As I

ecard, }wae gome through the corrider to follow

ter a ‘pe foo m to which eke was fleeing
card, resulting i better’ material for the | she ° the pistol again. Mrs.

public and jesse expenditure by the De-|Condon shot toward the floor, but the

partment.

bullet reached me first and is now lodged

The saving to the Government can be| in my left thigh. The wound isn’t dan-
appreciated when it ia remembered that | serous but it is painful.

the postal cards shipped last year by the
manufacturer to the large distributing
post offices weighed 6,200,000 pounds and
that the Department must pay not only
the freight on such shipments but also
the transportation charges when the
postal cards are shipped from the die-
tributing post offices by mail, and again
when the postal cards are mailed by indi-
viduals and still again when reply posta!
ecards are used. It is estimated that the
Department will save 13 per cent. in
weight. a

Of the total number of postal cards
contracted for 3,400,000,000 are to be
3% by 5'4 inches, the regular or single
size; 77,000,000 are to be double or reply
cards, and 10,000,000 are to be the size
corresponding to the current index card
3 by 5 inches.

CHAIN GANG FOR RICH MAN.

oe

Gov. Joe Brown of Georgia Refuses to Be
Lenient With Prominent Offender.

ATLANTA, Sept. 1.—Declaring that there

is only one law in Georgia for rich and

poor Gov. Joseph M. Brown to-day re-

buked the Prison Commission for recom-

mending clemency to W. H. Mitchell

 

{

 

“I limped downstairs after | was
shot to summon assistance While I
was on the veranda I‘ heard an-
other shot. 1 couldn't go upstairs again
because of my wound; but I've since
learned that the third shot was fired by
Mrs. Condon with evident intention to
kill herselt. The bullet struck her above
the heart and shattered the sternum.
T know no reason for the shooting other
than that the woman is a neurasthenic
whom I've been treating for some time
and was in a highly excited state of mind.”

Next door neighbors of the Condons
said yesterday that Dr. Hicks crossed the
lawn between the two houses and asked
the neighbors to telephone for an am-

bulance. Then, the neighbors said, the |

physician fainted.

Neighbors say that Dr. Hicks drove up
to the Condon house almost an hour
before the shots were heard and that he
dismissed his negro driver before he
rang the bell. They’also say thaf he has
of late been calling on his patient three

members of well known’ families,
were sentenced to-day to pay $100 fines
‘and serve ninety days in the House of
| Correction for “borrowing” an automo-
bile to take two women “joy riding.”

| The party ended in a smashup in the
| village of Algonac, forty miles above
| Detroit. The automobile, which was
 cabaas from in front of a hotel, crashed
into a telegraph pole and was wrecked.
The young people were all arrested and
Justice Stein to-day gave the four men
the limit under the law.

 

womMmAaN READY TO FLY.

Miss Todd May Astonish Staten Islanders
at Fair Next Week.

Mias EK. L. Todd, the only women aero-
planist, is ready to fiy. Mies Todd's
flying machine, which has been in the
course of construction since last October,
is practically eqmplete and the inventor
is looking about for suitable grounds
to teat it. The apparatas is a biplane
with a spread of 43 feet over all and meas-
ures 6’; feet from back to front planes,
It is about the size of the Wright aero-
plane. The mst distinctive feature
is an automatic equalizing device said to
be established on an entirely new prin-
cipie.

The machine has beer fitted with a
40-50 horse-power automobile engine
which has been tested for endurance
and used in races. Miss Todd expects
to make trials within a very short time,
and should the ::.chine prove elticient
it will be exhibited at a fair to be held
at Donen Hills, Staten Island, next
week. Miss ‘Todd is a member of the
Acronauuc Society.

 

EARL GREY AND THE GOATS.

His Hunting Companion Fined 8300
--Deer Heads Confiscated.
| Ortawa, Sept. 1.—Owing to reports
\that Farl Groy and Lord Lascelles shot
| mountain goets and two deer near Vic-
' toria, B. C., an investigation is being made
| by mombers of the Victoria Gun Club.
They may ask the Attorney-General to

|

| prosecute the Governor-General and his

 

ent Successful Dash—Haed Been Last ;

Heard From on March 17, 1907.

Spectat Cable Deapgtches to Tug Sun.

Lonpon, Sept. 1.--Dr. Frederick A.
Cook of Brooklyn, U. 8. A., arrived at
Lerwick in the Shetland Isla this
morning from the Arctic regions, where
he has been for nearly three years. He
reports that he has succeeded in reach-
ing the north pole. 3

Dr. Cook declares, according to the brief
telegrams which reach London, that he
attained the latitude of 00 degrees north
on April 21, 1908.

Dr. Cook came out of the unknown
wilds at the close of May, this year, at
the Greenland colony of Upernavik. He
was taken on board the Danish steamship
Hans Eged, whieh makes a regular stop
at Lerwick. The vessel remained there
only a short time and then continued
her voyage to Copenhagen. She is due
to reach there next Saturday.

The. Danish inspector of

who was on board the Hans » also
telegraphs that Dr. Cook reached the
pole. He says that the Eskimos who
accompanied Dr. Cook confirm aljl the
detatis of the story which he tells.

Paris, Sept. 2.—A Paris newapaper
prints this morning an extended aecount
of Dr. Cook's dash to yhe pole as given
by him at Lerwick in the Shetland Islands.

Dr. Cook says that through his journey
of e ploration which resulted in the
discovery of the pole he has thrown open
to the knowledge of mankind practically
30,000 square miles of land hitherto un-
known, and that a new land with inter-
esting flora and fauna inhabiting it has
come under his observation.

The yacht John R. ‘Bradley reached
Etah on the western coast of Greenland
late in August, 1907. Through the
courtesy of the owner, Mr. Bradley, Cook
was supplied suitably and the material
lthus obtained, together with his own
| supply of scientific instruments and. pro-
| visions, made an outfit sufficient to
| warrant an attempt at a swift dash north-

'

or four times a week, usually about noon. , aide-de-camp if investigation proves that | ward.

Dr. Hicks'’s wife and three-year-old
daughter are at Georgetown, Me., where
the physician epent a, brief vacation
recently. His wife had not been in-

of Thomasville, who disguised as a negro | formed of the shooting up to a late hour

kidnapped and attempted to ravish Miss | la

Lucile Linton, and ordered that Mitcheil
be taken to the chain gang to serve bis
sentence.

Mitchell is one of the moat prominent

'
|

 

st night.

Mr. Condon was told of the shooting
over the telephone an hour or so after it
occurred. He hurried home from his
Brooklyn shop as soon ag the message

| goat and deer were killed, as the open
|geason for deer does not begin until
October.

Victoria, B. C., Sept. 1.—Viscount
Lascelles, eldest son of the Earl! of Hare-
wood, was served to-day with a warrant
for shooting deer during the close season

| on Jervis Inlet, on the almost inaccessible
|northern coast of British Columbia.
| Lord Lascelles is a member of the official

inen in south Georgia and strenuous| reached him. Dr. Hicks by this time} party which is touring the far north of

efforts have been made to save him from
the chain gang. Such powerful influence
was brought to bear on the Prison Com-
mission that it asked Gov. Brown to keep
Mitchell out of the chain gang.

_——

LOSES 850,000 BY SUICIDE.

Family of Bankrupt Omaha Man Whe
Killed Himeelif Will Get Only &2,000.

Tolf Hanson, a former restaurant man
of Omaha, Neb., killed himself early yes-
terday by inhaling gas in bis room at the
lodging house of Edward Hughes at 204
East Fifteenth street. Three jets were
turned on full and the windows of his room
closed tight. Samuel Edgar, a dry -goods
merchant at 873 Broadway, who was a
friend of Hanson, said that the man was
despondent on account of financial re-
verses. He said that nm came from
Denmark fifteen years ago and went to
Omaha. Making a success of one res-
taurant, he invested a fortune in another

|

 

 

Jarger and finer one which failed and |

forced him into bankruptcy. In the

|

had been taken to St. Mary's Hospital
in the carriage of Dr. Meynen, and Mrs.
Condon also had been removed there in
the hospital ambulance.

She was conscious and asked ‘many
times about the condition of the physician.
Last night Dr. Hicks asked quite as solici-
tously about the prospects of recovery of
Mrs. Condon,

The woman's hushand spent most of the
evening with her in the hospital accom-
panied by his‘two.children. He asked
about the condition of Dr. Hicks and ex-
pressed his satisfaction when informed
that the physician's wound was merely
superficial and that he would be around
ina short time,

An inch to the right or left, so Dr.
Meyner said last night, would have killed

bullet fortunately struck the breast bone.
Operations to remove the .32 calibre bul-
lets from Mrs. Condon's chest and from
the thigh wound of the physician will be
performed perhaps to-day.

Dr. Hicks'’s wound is not dangerous.

ymiliation of his failure Hanson jeft| It was thought at first that Mrs, Condon

u !
East. Mrs. Ha would die, but the hospital surgeons last ers working near the roof, spread so
Omaha and came eon | night decided that she has very good | rapidly that within a half hour the roof

wrote Mr. Edgar a week ago asking him to
locate her husband. ?
Omana, Sep

ohances for recovery. Dr. Hicks says he

t. 1.—Tolf Hanson had a! will not make any charge against her.

romantic career, having started in busi- | His wound, he said, was all an accident

ness in Omaha gelling sandwiches on the
streets at night. Yesterday his business

was placed in the hands of a receiver, with | @wners Must Kegin on September 18 to |

|

{

liabilities amounting to nearly $200,000 and |

real asseta of less than $50,000

|
Earlier in the year Hanson spent $175,000 | within the waters over which Collector

in fitting up a splendid café, which when
finished was too small to pay expenses.
Hanson carried $52,000 insurance on his
life and believed that this insurance would
leave his wife and mother independent
However, on examining his policies to-
day his attorney discovered that $50,000
of the amount is void in case of suicide

ayia lias
GREAT BEAR SPRING WATER
SOc. per case Of 6 riass stoppered botiies.— Ades.

patie Cig Bas" &. Yor arealon. Eleahetk | and the family will now recover only 82,000
e y “ae ork, 7 '

TAX ON FOREIGN VACHTS.

Pay an Annual Tribute.
All owners of foreign built yachts

Loeb has jurisdiction received yesterday
a circular letter from the Collector that
oe must pay on or before September
16 the “annual tax of $7 a gross ton,
a duty of 85 per cent. ad valorem,
per section 37 of the tariff act. *
Forty-four notices were sent out to
ht owners, whose aggregate
ments on a basis of $7 a ton will amount
to about $165,000

Schedule out for Hudson-Fulton (cicbration

Day Line Service. Send fof une.— Ade.

or
a.

the Dominion with Earl Grey, Governor-
General of Canada. The Viscount was
fined $309 and costs, being the limit.
Half a dozen deer heads in the possession
of the viceregal party were confiscated,
much to the mortification and disgust
| of its members.

‘

 

PARLIAMENT LIBRARY BURNED.

Blaze at Toronto Destroys West Wing of
Province Buliding.

Toroxro, Sept. 1.—The west wing of
the Parliament Luildings of the province
of Ontario was destroyed by fire this
afternoon, causing a loss estimated at
‘over half a million. The library, many
| of the committee rooms, the Speaker's
| chamber and the reading room were in

 

 

 

| papers stored in the library is not con-
| sidered in the estimate given of the dam-
|age. The loss in archives is irreparable.
| The library contained over 100,000 vol-
umes.

 

started from the hand furnaces of plumb-

| and floora of the wing had fallen

|OUR MOST POWERFUL WARSHIP,

| The New Rattieship Michigan Turned
Over to the Government.
WasHINGTON, Sept. 1.--The new battle-
ship Michigan has been turned over to
' the Government by her builders at Phil-
‘adelphia. This vessel, the most powerful
of the United States navy, as well as the
speedicat of her kind, will be fitted out at
Philadelphia and will. be ready to go into
commission about November 1. The Migh-
igan will be ded by Capt. N. &
Usher, now om duty in the Bureau of Nav-
igation of the Navy Department -

|

The Lowell Auto Races drew a bleger crowd
than the Vanderbilt last year. Reserve
; modations now at Howl Lenox, Boston.— Ads.

At Annotok, twenty miles north of
Etah, where the expedition’s supplies
were landed, there was an extensive
Eskimo settlement of upward of 250
natives, and these all seemed friendly
and willing to assist the explorer in the
work of landing his supplies and setting

packing boxes

“huskies” of the finest breed and stamina
~-good pullers and just the kind of dog

in the station at Anntok.

Then it was determined in the early
spring to lay a route over Grinnel land
on the western side of Smith Sound and

 

of Grinnel land out onto the Polar Sea.
Soon after the long Arctic night set-

 

tled down upon the explorer and his ang Ahrelab, his Eskimos, that they had|many congratulations have been ex-
party of Eskimos at Annatok, scouting | reached the point for which he had been | tended to the American Minister.

partie’ were sent out to the westward

|Mrs. Condon almost instantly, but the | the burned wing. The loss of historical! | across the, frozen, Smith Sound to seek

trails and to bring in fresh meat.
Their progress was greatly hindered bya
succession of flerce storms and the ob-
ject of their expeditions was only half

The fire, which is thought to have! fulfilled.

On February 19, 1908, the sun rose for

|the first time after the winter months, |

|

cess, the expedition made its start north-
ward. Eleven men and 103 dogs and

 

cross the frozen Smith Sound. It was
severely cold and on the Ellesmere Sound
westward to the Pacific slope the ther-
mometer sometimes registered as low as
83 degrees below zero Fahrenheit.

Soon the progress of the march was

 

facilitated by the finding of game trails | was made day by dey, but the sky cleared | Dr. Cook's triumph. He hastily returned

through the deep snow. These the expe-
dition followed as well as it could up
through Nansen Sound to Land's End.
One hundred an@ one musk ox, seven

aes, SPRTeNS,

 

ae

eleven heavily laden sledges set out to |

TEs
ache aod —Ade, Ade.

‘over country in which all signs of human
_ were lacking. There were no foot-
' prints of bird or béast on thesnow. There
! was absolute silence.

The surface of the ice pack offered
surprisingly little resistance to travelling.
Although the party was living off tallow,
dried beef and hot tea, there was
great torture involved in the journeying.
So cold was it that constant action was
compelled.

The positions of the expedition were
recorded each day and careful observa-
tions made. By the first week in April
the sun was so high that alternate sun-
burn and frostbite were felt during the
course of twenty-four hours.

On April 8 it was discovered that only
100 miles had been covered in nine days
travel. The position on that day was
Latitude 86 degrees 3¢ minutes; Longi-
tude, 04 degrees 2 minutes

The drift know was strong enough to
give a good deal of anxiety and the forced
marchés aid the long hours spent in the
earlier stages were out of the question.
The party were now about 200 miles from
the pole. The loads of supplies had been
reduced.

Part of the dogs had been [ed to the
others, but there were atill enough for
work. The ioe fields grew heavier and
more extensive as they passed the eighty-
sixth parallel, and the crevices caused
less trouble, with little crushed ice show-
ing in the way.

The indications of land remained as
the party pagsed the eighty-seventh and

eighty-eighth parallels, and for, two
journeys the ice resembled the surface
of a glacier, but smoother.

There also was no noticeable elevation.
Observations on the 14th gave latitude
88 degrees, longitude 95 degrees 52 min-
utes.

This brought the expedition to within
|

100 miles of the pole. The pack began to} Cook had bound him to eecrecy before
grow more active, but the temperature | oommunicating his discovery. He seemed
did not increase and the cold cemented | to wish that nothing be divulged except
the crevices and froze over open places | what he declares himself.

in the water so that it was possible to

cross from one field to another without of the Brussels Observatory has received

great delay.

By now the party was forcing its wa)
to an extent which did not admit of build-
ing snow shelters and the silk tent was
brought into play. Signs of land were
still to be seen, but they were deceptive
illusions. Mirages, and strange shapes

up a permanent house, fnade of stone and | were about, and, when the sun was low, ' unexpected.

the fields stretched out as a moving

The Eskimo village was overrun with | pjain of color all about. This all was| Dr. Cook's discovery of the North Pole

‘due to the midnight sun. Each day Dr.
|Cook took observations, and each day

that Dr. Cook wished to use on his hurried | the ice improved steadily. Daily, how- welcome the explorer is keenly appre
|dash northward. Plans were laid to jever, he grew more depressed at the life- | ciated. Arrangements have been begun
spend the major part of the long winter | jessness of it all, and at the now chronic | to give him a memorable reception —

fatigue that was experienced.

|

ing the fourteen seconds; he took more
observations. At last he told Etukishook

4

‘working, and their joy was unlimited.

There, a staff was set up and a flag
hoisted. The North Pole was found.

The temperature that day, from mid-
| night to midday, was 38 degrees, and the
barometer was 29.83.

There was no land in sight, and no sign
| of life other than the people and the dogs
who had foroed themselves into the wilds.

and on that day with this augury of suc- | The party felt the loneliness intensely, '

and on April 23 turned back from the
pole, laying the course further west.
| Fair weather and good ice madé quick
| time at the start, but below the eighty-
| seventh parallel, the character of the ice
| changed for the worse and the food sup-
ply showed a dangerous reduction.

_ Violent gales and a dismal gray sky
succeeded fair weather Little advance

| for long enough on May 24 to enable ob-
| servations to be made.
When he got to the eighty-third parallel,

‘v's CLARET & SAUTERNE PUNCH.
oe eee serve at social events.
4.T, a Co., 138 Fulton St... New York.

 

é

On April 21 the first correct altitude of | banquet in Dr. Cook's honor to which the
the sun gave 89 degrees 59 minutes 46/ American Minister and numerous Ameri- -
seconds, and he knew he was almost at, visitors here will be invited. The jatter
notthward along the western coast | his journey's end. He went on, remain-| are celebrating festively to-night. The

The start for Annatok was made on |
February 18 and the shores. of Greenland
were reached on April 15. Harry Whitney
and a number of Eskimos met them ther’.
The party reached Upernavik on’ May 9,

Lonpon, Sept. 2.—A despatch’ to thé
Daily Mail from Copenhagen says that
who ie now making ethnographical
studies in North Greenland, met Dr.
Cook at Cape York. Rasmussen's mother
was an Eskimo, and he speaks the
language fluently.

He had a long conversation with
two Eskimos who accompanied. Dr,
Cook to the pole. They confirmed every
detail given by Dr. Cook. terse

graphed to Copenhagen from Lerwick...
While the newspapers show no dispoal- —
tion to discredit the report of Dr. Cooke —
victory, they discreetly refrain from.

accepting it fully pending further news -
One paper has received a telegram f;

what appears, as wel} as all ox
summaries and references to the
is written in the most appreciative tons,
The Times editorially referring to the |
incompleteness of the evidence. of Dr, _.
Cook's discovery, writes eulogistically of =~
his past record. It says: “Such a mam is fi
prima facie unlikely to mislead the world
about his achievement. If by any chance
further investigations showed he had
been mistaken in his latitude there would
be a reaction in opinion that not even the °
most hardened explorer would like .
faoe.” :
“rawicr, She Islands, Sept. 1.—
The steamer Hans arrived here this
morning and stayed at anchor for two .
hours, when she aailed for Copen
None of the public here heard a word of
Dr. Cook's achievement, news of which
has since been telegraphed from London.
The Danish Consul when interviewed
would not of could not add anything to
the bare announcement. Ho said that Dr.

      

« fs

_

3

BrussFis, Sept. 1.—Director Lecointe

the following telegram from Dr. Cook, &

having been filed at Lerwick:

“I reached the north pole on April 21,

1908. I discovered laud far north I! re-
turn to Copenhagen by steamer.” ~

The observatory officials told an inter-,

| viewer that the feat was not altogether

cs aie
COPENHAGEN, Sept. 1.—The news of ”

- 4
‘has aroused enormous enthusiasm here

| end the honor of being the first city to

t
Mg

Leading citizens are organizing «a

hotels and the legation are thronged with
‘Americans and prominent Danes and

Danish Arctic explorers had feared
| that Dr. Cook was dead, and they tow
express sincere joy at his safety. The
newspapers print enthusiastic and lauda-
tory editorials. .

No further news has been received herp
and none is expected until Dr. Cook
arrives

It ia a coincidence that Alexander
Konta of New York, an intimate friend
;of Dr. Cook, while bidding farewell to
| Minister Egan at the Hotel d’ Angleteroo
on the eve of his departure, talked
lengthily of Dr. Cook, referring to the
fear that the explorer was dead, and con-
curring in the belief that it was improb-
able that he would be heard from again,
When Mr. Egan returned to the legation
he found an official message recording

 

ito the hotel, where he arrived just in
time to give Mr. Konta the news.

Nordenskjold and his companions have =
| arrived at Copenhagen from East sal i
A REMARKABLE FANCY DIAKO = ie