. And it would be a good thing if the Go vernor

 

VOL. LXXL—NO, 82,

  
 
  
 

PLATT-ODELL PEACE TALK

 

IN WHICH STATE NOT NATIONAL
POLITICS WAS THE THEME,

“Not a Word to Say’? Have Governor ana
Senator, but Their Friends Say They
Realize This Is a Time for Harmony
and Goy. Odell’s Great Opportunity.

Gov. Odell went from his headquar-
ters in the Republican Club yesterday
afternoon at 5 o'clock to Senator
Platt's rooms in the Fifth Avenue Hotel.
The Governor and the Senator talked
until 7 o'clock, and when they parted they
gave it out that neither was to say a word
as to what had occurred.
The Governor and the Senator were bom-
barded with questions as to what had been
their chief topics of conversation, but to
all questions they had one answer, “Not a
word to say, if you please.”
Of course, the Governor and the Senator
have personal friends, and it was not a
difficult task to ascertain pretty nearly what
happened between them, It should be put
this way, in the estimation of a Republican
who said le was thoroughly familiar with

the conversation; .
Serater Platt bas always had infinite
trit in Gev. Odell. Senator Platt first

made Mr. Ode!l executive chairman of the
Republican State committee, and he next
made lim chairman of the Republican
State e mmittee, and in 1900 Senater Platt
nonunated Mr. Odell for Governor, despite
the claims of the friends of Timothy 1.
Woodruff. In 1902 Senator Platt again |
insisted upen the bomination of Mr. Odell |
for Governor |

“The Repub get party ef the State cf |
New York is not an aseet of either Senator |

Platt or Gov. Odell, but things have been
oing wrong for a little time, and we ail |
now, especially sinee the election in New |

York cit’ on Nov. 8, that if a State election ;

were ty be held to-day, New York Staie

would be Democratic. Of that there isn't
theslighiest doubt. Notwo men recognize
this better than the Governer and the |

Senator.

“From tho hour that Mr, Odell was made |
@bairman of the Republican State oor |
mittee, and during the succeeding days |!
and years that he has been Governor cf
thoStateof New York, Republicans fromall {
overthe State have goneto Senator Platt and |
destred to discuas with him various propo-
sitions a8 to the welfare of the Republican
arty. The Senator in his early days of
leaderehit) was a master of detail, but
during the last few years to most of his
visitors he has said:

‘Sea Hen. ‘Talk with Ben about
whatever Ben says will be ail right.

“In thia way,” continued this important |
Republicon, “Gov, Odell has taken from }
of the shoulders of Senator Platt meuy
of the details of leadership, and St ahculd be
said that Gov. Odell is quite es much of a
man for detail aa Senator Platt wes a nurm-
ber of years ago. But the troube haa
been within the last vear cr ao that seme
of Mr. Odell’s friends in the State of Now
York have begun to believe that Mr. Odell
was the real Republican leader of the State,
and because of certain appointnents |
within the Jast vear cr so it wes apparent |
to many Republicans that the Governor
himeelf believed that he wore the mantle
of Tistt as Republican State lender. j

“Then there have been litt!s personal |
differences which have been peddled to the |
Governor on the part of his friends, and |
to Senator Platt on the part of his friends, ;
and when Senator Platt arrived in New }
York city last night from Washington un-
expectedly, the situation in the Republican |
affaire of the State of New York was never |

 

it, and
*

moreacute since thedays of the old Stal-
wart-Halfbreed fight, twenty yorrs ago, '

“Senator Platt has had implicit faith in |
Gov. Odell. No man, according to Gov,
Odell, was more responsible for his re-
election a year age than Senator Platt
himself, and Gov. Odell has told Senator
Platt this over and over again. But the
situation has been drifting and drifting
until from outward appearances Gov. Odell |
hae shunted Senator Blatt aside absolutely,
and has assumed the reins of leadership.
Senator Platt, vou will remember, said last
spring: If Gov. Odell can become leader
of the Republican party of the State of
New York he is quite welcome to the place,
but he must win the place.’ ”

“Many Republicans have belfeved that
Gov, Odell, in his appointment of Roden-
heck of Rochester to be Judge of the Court ;
of Claims in place of the late Charles T.
Saxton, and in his appointment of Nathan
Miller to be Supreme Court Justice, and |
the elevation of Otto Kelsey, and Tim-
merman of Buffalo to be Kelsey's deputy, |
and his disposition t6 get rid of Hilliard
as Deputy Excise Commissioner for New
York city, had begun to set up in business
for himself. The very grave question
arises as to who s been advising Gov.
Odell, because Senator John Raines, the
leader of the Republican majorite in the
Senate at Albany, and otherimportant He-
niblicans have believed for rome _ little
{me that the situation in the State of New
York concerning Republican domination
has been acite.

“No question of national politics,” con-
tinned this important Republican, “was
disenssed between Gov. Odell and Senator
Platt at their conference at the Fifth Avenne
Hotel to-night. It is too early to bring |
up questions of that character. Neither
did the Governor nor the Senator discuss
entirely patronage. Both are Republicans,
and both want the Republican party to
win in the State next year.

“You must remember that from the hour
the polls closed on Nov. 8 Republican
polities, not only in New York State but
allover the Union, broke out more eeverely
than in any recent vear, The Republican
party of the State of New York poes into
an election next veer for President and
Governor and all State officers, for Con-
fressmen, Senators, Arsemblymen, and}
the Legislature is to elect a United States |
Senator to succeed Mr. Depew. Very few
at firat glance appreciate the importance
of Republican harmeny, not only in the
Btate of New York, but in States like Ohio, |
Indiana, New Jersey, Hiinois ond Con-
necticnt.

I am very pleased to sav to-night,”
continued this inflvential Republican, “that
the talk between Gov. Odell and Senator
Platt cleared away a cood many ocbwebs;

 

 

acted on his own judement sc metimes,
and did not listen to Republicans whe have
never heen friendly to Senator Platt, who,
you must remember, will be the United
States Sonator f r the State cf New York
for the next five years, and wields some
influence in Washingtcr
“If the Governor would come down here
and call his friends together and talk with
them, it wonld be a good deal like the old |
dave when Senator Platt waa in town most |
of the time and had his Sunday school }
Meetings, and with fifteen or twenty Re- |
Publicans, important all over the State,
Reussed impending legislation at Albany. |
|
'
|

The pathway for Gov. Odell, it seems to
me, is elear, not only to bring honor to
{mself and his friends, but vietory to the |
Republican party in the State next veer,”

Dov Odell, bis friends said last night,
wak ambitious. One of his friends went
onto ask) “Rut how ean Gov. Odell be!

viet : t ” j i
amb'tious with Theodore Reosevelt in his

spoke up,

Gov. Odell tells me,” he said, “that his
future
dore Roosevelt,”

still ' : :
- Still, another Republican who talked, |
ong Who is familiar with what is roing on,
Raid “No man’s

{
'
. |
's all behind him, because of 'Theo- |
|
|
The Gove mor |

future ia behind him.
talkin \ ~ a preot mistake in |
take we that wa , and makes 9 creat mis- |
of Mm ny eddling in the petty little details
the official patronage of the Stato of |

New Yor hey
somebody * whether to harm or to help

=

  

nr

FATHER SANDER COMES BACK.

Denies [nsinuations of Misconduct
Tells About That Trotter,

The Rev. George W. Sander, pastor of
St. Leonard's Roman Catholic Church in
Williamsburg, who recently acquired some
notoriety because of his ownership of a
trotting horse at Far Hills. N. J., returned
home last night after an absence of three
days. After consulting his lawyers he
made this statement:

“I have been away from the city for the
last three days on a matter of business
and during that time was in ignorance of
the stories that have been circulated con-
cerning my character. I wish to state
most emphatically that the accusations
made in some of the newspapers are abso-
lutely false.

“As all my friends and acquaintances
know, I have always possessed a good
horse, and during the past year I have
boarded the horse on a farm in New Jersey.
I would occat.onally go there to see the
mare and her colt, but all other details of
the story, including any statement sup-
posed to come from me in reference to the
Woman who acted as housekeeper for the
owner of the farm, are absolutely false.
My friends and my people have stood by
me loyally, and Lassure them that their con-
fidence in me has not been misplaced and
that I have never acted in a manner unbe-
fitting my priesthood. I chall take other
means to establish the falsity of the insinua-
tions made against me.”

Father Sander will say 6 o’clock mass
this c.ornine.

and

 

Mrs. Crescentia Seibel, the sister of Mra, |

Mamie Kipp, who has been acting as house-
keeper for George Peck at the stockfarm
at For Hills, where she was known as Mra.
George West, said yesterday at her homo

| gitedly.

ROW OVER SUPPOSED HUSBAND

MRS. REYNOLDS MAKES TROU-

BLE FOR HIS DOUBLE.

 

Mr. Reynolds Deserted Her About Two
Years Ago and She Mistook Another
Man for Him—He Had to Go to a Police
Station to Straighten it All Out.

Mrs. Florence Reynolds of 684 Lexington
avenue went shopping yesterday and about
noon was riding south in a Sixth avenue
surface car. Mrs. Reynolds's husband
deserted her a year and a half ago. She
met him on an ocean liner two years ago
and there was a short courtship and a mar-
riage. The couple lived together two
months and then he disappeared.

When the car upon which Mrs. Reynolds
was riding stopped at Twenty-third street
to let the passongers alight, Mrs. Reynolds
gave an exclamation of surprise. Going
out of the car door with half a dozen
other passengers was a man whom she took
for the deserting husband. She Jumped
from her seat and screamed as she neared
the door:

“There he is. The villain deserted me.”

The man whom she pointed at had left

the car and was ducking around the back |

of it to get across the street. When he saw

 

NEW YORK, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 2

|
\
|
|

{

the excited woman trying to reach him, |

witnesses say, he quickened his steps.
Mrs, Reynolds ran after him as he crossed
the street and her cries brought Policeman
Barry to her side. To the policeman Mrs.
Reynolds pointed out the man she was pur-
suing.

“That man is a wretch,
‘He's a bigamist.

”

she yelled ex-
He had four

 

| Wives when he married me and I was the .

in Chester Park, Jamaica, thot she had ,
received a letter from her sister from New |

York in which Mrs. Kipp said that owing

; to the notoriety she had obtained in con-

nection with the stories published about
Father Sander, she thought it best to return
to Far Hills,

GERONIMO JOINS THE CHURCH,

Not the Methedist, ak Was Reported, but
the Dutch Refermed.

Forr St, Nov, 20.--The
story circulated several months ago that
Gerodimo hed hecome a member -f a
Christian church is true. He did net be-
come a Methedist, a5 waa told, but jcined
the Dutch Reformed Chureh, to
President Roosevelt belonge. The Rev.
Frank H. Wright, a Choctaw citizen, andthe
Rev. Walter ©. Roe, missicvary at Coleny,
both ministers of the church te which is
comiiied the spiritual welfare of the
Apaches, held a series of meetings last
July at Leees Camp near Medicine Bluff
and administered baptism to a large number
of Apaches.

At one meeting, when the ususl invitation
wae extended to persons who wished to
unite with the cburch, Geronirao went
forward. He wasn exemined by the two
missionaries and Prof, J. T. Bergen of
dope College, at Hollerd, Mich., and quves-
tioned closely as te his understandloyg
of the ides ef one Ged ard the atonement
of Christ, and was aaked if ho was willing
te) abandon ali indiau sinerstitions aud
evil practices, He vas told that the change
was not for a short tims, but for all his
life, and that be no lonze> could gamble
and drink whiskey. He enid that he under-
stood what was required of him and thet ho

Okizlone,

wus in earnes’.

The Rev. Mr. Ree caid that his anewers
and premisos vare euch as to forbid their
refusing admission. He «1s hartizved by
sprinkling. Reports from his village say

i that he reems really to be trying to lead a

better life. He attended a mission anvi g
the Comanches after his conversicn anc
sat in the front sear.

1s

WOMAN'S HAUR

Strange Tale Told by Belleyne Doctors
of 2 Patient In the Alcobolico Ward.
Acearding to the Rellevue doctors there
ia a woman in the alcoholic ward at that
institution who is suffering from a mys-
terious ailment which haa turned her hair

GREEN.

green, The patient is aleo suffering from
overindulgence in narcotics, the doctors
BAY

She is Adelaide Semley, 65 years old, of 243
West Sixty-sixth street. The woman was
taken to Bellevue Jate on Thursday night
in a Roosevelt Hospital ambulance. Dr.
Hyde, who admitted her to the hospital,
diagnosed her case as one of nervousness
due to the use of opiates and had her placed
in the female branch of the alcoholic ward.

Dr. Hyde said last night that he didn’t
pay any attention to the woman's hair
at the time, bys was astounded when, early
yesterday morning, he passed her cot and
saw that her hair resembled in color a well-
kept lawn in the month of May

“What have you been using on your
hair?” asked Dr. Hyde.

The patient anewered that she had never
in her life put anything on it other thrn
plain, ordinary water.

“Well, I don’t want to frighten you,’
aaid the doctor mildly, “but your hair is
as green as zrass.”

“I know that,” said Mise Semley. “it
hae been that war for nearly two years”

Dr. Hyde rushed to the doctors’ quarters
and summoned 1is Hamilton and Smith t<
go with him to the alcoholic ward and view
the wonderful sieht. They both agreed
that the woman hac real green bair.

Before long every doctor in the institu-
tion had inspected the patient's hair and
had asked many questions concerning it

The woman, they say, told them that she had | man pinne

been afflicted with violent headaches for
several years, and that her hair began to
change in oolor about two yeare ago. At
first, she said, it resembled corroded cop-
per, but gradually turned to its present
state. ‘The story was told to the Rellevue
Hospital reporters by several doctore last
night; in fact, all of the doctors vouched
for it

STROMBOLI VOLCANO ACTIVE.

Lava Flowing From a New Crater-—Ashes
Thrown Out,
Special Cable Despaich to THE SUN
Rome, Nov. 20.—The Stromboli volcano,
on the island of that name in the Mediter-
ranean, is in a state of eruption, and is

| throwing out rocks and ashes, accompanied

by violent explosions. A new crater has
opened, from which lava is flowing.

Thanksgiving Dinner

| Not complete without Dewey's Wines. Order
early to tasure delivery. Send for deseriptive
price lst. Dewey's, 133 Purton Street, New York
City. Ade.
The Beautiful Susqaehanna
nd other entrancing scenery along the Lehigh

A
Valley R. R. to Builato and Chicago.—Ade

which !

|
|
|
|

|

{

 

 

‘

{

fifth. Oh, how could he be such a villain?”

The man stocd looking at her in open
mouthed astonishment. His face became
red and white by turns, Policeman Barry
asked him what he had to say for himself.

“Well, I’m crazy, or some one else is,”
he said with an effort, “I never saw that
woman before. {'m married all right, but
I'll be damned if that voraan is my wife.”

“You wretch!” retorted Mrs, Reynolda.
“You ought to be in jail.”

“Now, see here, madam,” said the man, |

“this has gone far enough. I am not your
husband, and I don’t mind every one around
here knowing it.”

There was another outburst from Mrs.
Reynolds. She insisted that the man was
her long-lost husband, and said that he could
not bluff her into thinking he wasn't.
Policeman Barry told the man that he
would have to tale him to the Tenderloin
station,

All the way thera Mes.
ealiing her supposed huebend names,
and telling him whet a horrid, miserabl)
wen he was. The man ccvld hardly re-
strain himeelf.
pete great mistele hod been rcade and that
the person who wua reapereible for it ought
to be made to suffer.

Sergeant Place had to listen to the de-
clarations of both the men and the woman
in the pelice ststion and he waa in a quen-
gay He sat behind the desk Solomon-

8.

“You rascal,” said Mrs. Reynolds to the
men, “iny mother knows you.”

Sorgornt Pleoe aaid the only way he could
surges’ to eettle the matter was to send
for her mother and anyone else she wanted
to help corroborate her identification. Mre.
Reynolds said her mcther was Mra, Letitia
Krelzer, with whom she lived.
tcld where Martin Weiee, a friend of her
family, could be found. They were sent for

and asked to hurry to the Tenderlcin station. |

Meantime the man in the case said he
was Rufud#Price, 40 yeers old, a waiter of
116 Lawrence street. He was allewed
te ait in the back room to wait for the two
witnesses to appear.
where she could keep her eye on him. If

She alan j yesterday by a business man, who told him

‘ how he had beon swindled out of $4,900 by
a fake wire-tappine game.
; meme is known to the District Attorney,
tut he has agreed net tu makeit publie at
| this time.

Mrs. Reynolds stayed | over to his assistants, Mr.

| half later he was found by Policeman Berje |

Reynolds kect |
; Schmidt could recover from the force of

He declired repeatedly |

{
|

}
i
{

withering glances evuld do a persen physical

harra, Price was in torture.

When Mrs. Kreizer appeared Price was
called out where she could lock at him.
She trained a paic of eagle eyes on him and
walked ali areund him before giving’ her
decision. When she looked him over
thorough'y she said to her daughter:

“That is net your husband.”

Even then Mrs. Reynolds would not see
her mistake. She waa trying to convince
her mother that she was wrong when Weiss,
the family friend, arrived. e looked at
Price and sided with Mrs. Kreizer.

“Your husband was a head taller and a
bigger man in every way,” Weiss said to
Mrs. Reynolds. “He had a large nose and
higher cheek bones.”

“Maybe ho had,” said Mrs. Reynolds
tearfully,” but I thought { had the villain.”

Price was promptly discharged. He
had recovered his composure when Mrs.
Kreizer and Weiss told Mrs. Reynolds she
was wrong. As he atarted for the door
he said to the woman who had made him
so much trouble:

“Madam, when you go hunting for your
husband again you had better take a foot
rule.”

Mrs. Reynolds let hie remark go unan-
swered,

MERCHANT IN THE RIVER.
With a

 

Hollingsworth Fights
Rescuing Cop to Drown.

Policeman Murt Shea noticed a man
walking about West street at 10 o'clock
last night muttering to himself. The
man was well dressed, and Shea decided
tc follow him. On seeing the policeman
turn after him the stranger ran to the bulk-
head at the foot of Perry street, and before
Shea could catch up with him jumped
into the river, 4

The policeman plfhged in after him in
full uniform, without even removing
his helmet. He grabbed the man and

William

struggled with him in the cold water for |

about ten minutes. The stranger tried
to release himself from Shea's grasp, and
in the struggle the policeman’s collar was

torn off.

The cries of the two men awoke Capt.
John Patterson, who was alseep on a coal
barge near by,and he threw a rope to Shea
It was fastened about the would-be suicides
waist,and he was pulled out on the deck
of the barge. Even then he gave the two
a lively fight. While Patterson held the
to the deck Shea ran to é West
street saloon and called an ambulance,
which took him to St. Vincent's Hospital.

There the man said he was William Hol-
lingsworth, 50 years old, living at 252 Hudson
street. He told the doctors that he was a
member of the firm of Hollingsworth &
Kip, manufacturers of brushes, at 447 and
439 Greenwich street. He would give no
explanation for his act.

n his pockets were foi nd several checks
and a large sum of moneys. He aleo had
some jewelry and a gold watch and chain.
William 'T. Kennedy, a lawyer who lives at
252 Hudson etreet, raid last night that Hol-
lingsworth had lived there for about two
years,

Mr. Kip said last night that he went into
business with Mr. Hollings worth four years
ago, but disagreed with his partner, and
several weeks azo B. F. Weiss was appointed
rereiver. It was arranged that Kip should
withdraw.

“The crediters met to-day and agreed
that the finances of the firm were very
satisfactory,” he said. “In fact, there was
never any trouble on that score.”

AT THE HORSE SHOW

The best people smoke
PALL MALL
London Cigarettes
For the Connoisseur.—A de.

 

Brotherhood Champagne magnificente-Aés,

, “flash”

and not be discovered either by a passerby
! or a policeman at that hour of the night.

Jerome Sleuths Get the Bank Roll and

Corrivan, '

a smooth talker, whotold him of a new
scheme to beat the races.

} house at 68 West Thircy-ninth street.
| several visits there he dropped $4,900.

 

L,

 

1908 —Copprivnt, 1903, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Associa

 

    

 

 

TROOPS ORDERED TO THE MINES. NAVAL STATION FOR OUR AID?

Armed Strikers at Telluride, Col., to Keep
Men From Going to Work. ‘
D f aOR SANTO DOMINGO, IN DIRE NEED,
ENVER, Col., Noy. 20,—Gov. Peabody MAY APPEAL TO US
ordered to-day 600 militiamen to go to coy j ids
Telluride at once, and, although it was Insurgents Still Shelling the Capital, and
officially announced that they would leave France Has Landed Marines to Protect
Her Legation Once Invaded—Night

to-morrow, 300 started by special train
Conference at the White House.

 

 

 

this afternoon. A. M. Wrench, president
of the First National Bank of Telluride,
said:

“The situation at Telluride is extremely
menacing. The unions have armed pickets
in front of all the mining properties and
have testified in court that they are there
to see that the men do not go to. work.
The men have received mysterious notices
to leave town, All contain threats and
are generally unsigned.

“The reason that you have not heard of
riot and disturbances at Telluride is because
the buviness interests havo fel’ it wise
to lie dewn on the proposition for a time
and to make no resistance to the overbear-
ing action of the unions, The business men

Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sun,
From THE SUN Correspondent at Santo Domingo.

Santo Domingo, Nov. 20.—Artillery fire
is going on night and day between the
Government forces and the insurgents
who are besieging this city. Many non-
combatants have been killed by the rebel
fire,

Marines have been landed from the French
warship in the harbor here to protect the
French legation.

The Minister of Foreign Affairs has gone
to Washington, The diplomatic relations
with the United States are good,

knew that if they asserted their rights WASHINGTON, Nov. 20.—The State Depart-

t erlneaule pe Dane ment received a despatch to-night from
a > , 2 c ’ ¢ ere

, ; Mr Powell, United States Minister at

even by conceding some things to the
unions; but the time for continuing this
policy has passed. We would reopen the
mines, but could not do so without trcops.
It would be dangerous to life and property.
to attempt such a thing without the troops.”

Santo Domingo, saying that a French
war vessel had arrived at Santo Domingo
City and was landing marines to protect
the French cotsulate. This action may
have a bearing on the fact, mentioned in
his previous reporte, that the Dominican

authorities had forcibly entered the French
legation and taken from it two refugees,
who were put in prison. The violation
of the sanctity of a legation is a serious
offence,

Secretary of War Root and Secretary
of the Navy Moody went tothe White House
after 9 o'clock to-night and were in con-
ference with the President for a long time.
Their presence may have some connection
with the landing of the French marines, as
no news in regard to the Panama situation
that would require any action by the War
and the Navy d:partinents was received
here to-day. The cruiser Baltimore is
at Santo Domingo City and the gunboat
Newport ie dus to arrive there.

a‘ : A Senor Gilvan, the Dominican Consul-
of the Church street atation lying on the | General in New York, is said tu be in Wash-
pavernent at Dey and Washington streets. | ingion to-night, RRA ElAtTUTROPaCN GHATS
tiene Bennie: SoH apie Ue ay fe aes will offer the United States the use of Sa-
cone of whom wae wel! drese The other | ana Bay for a coaling station either by
had on overalls. One of che men usked | cession or lease,
him for a metch, Schraidt said, and while | During theday the State Departmeni gave
he gras ube in his pocket for tr the | outa denial that there is any agreement or
man hit him in the steracch. | Before | undermtanding with the Dominican Govern- |
ment in reyard to the seseion of Samana
Bay to the United States, and ridicules the ;
story that the present Dominican insur- |
rection was caused by an arrangement of
that sort. The explanation was made also
that the recognition of the insurgents will
depend upon reports from United States
Minister Powell as to whether they have
established a de factu government capable
of maintaining order.

In a report to the State Department,
dated Oct. 30, Minister Powell says that the
revolution is due to disappointment on the
part of Gov. Morales of the provinoe of
Puerta Plata because he did not get a Cabi-
net appointment. With other malcontents
he declared rebellion.

IN CHICAGO STRIKE.

SAYS HE WAS SANDBAGGED.

 

Man Found Unconscious in the Street

Telis of a Daring Robbery.

Harry Schmidt, 82 years old, of 686 West
Forty-seventh street, Brooklyn, was taken
to the Hudson se reet hospital last - night
suffering from contusions of the head and
abdomen. He says he was sandbagged
and robbed.

Schmidt is a salesman for G. C. Engle
at 99 Barclay street. He had been out col-
lecting bills vesterday and at the time he
was robbed had over $100 in his pockets.
At 7:45 o'clock, Schmidt says, he left his
office to go to the Thirty-ninth street
ferry on his way home. An hour and a

the blow, he was hit on the head with a sand
bag. He could not recall anything further
that occurred until he was found by the

I

|

policeman. '
the police are inclined to doubt his word.
They say it would be impossible for a man
to lie on the sidewalk at the place where
Schmidt was found for an hour and a half

|

|

|

{

{

 

WIRE TAPPERS UNDER THE GUN

 

“the Swindiers.

District Attorney Jereme was visited

This man's
TRUCE

Plan of Arbitration Being Outlined and
Men May Go Hack to Work To-day.

Mr. Jerurne turned the vieriin.
Mr. !

Lod and

The man who was buncced said that a, CHIcaAGo, Nov. 20.—Peace seems near

week ago he had met in a Broadway hotel | on the City Rivlway. Arbitration is re-
' i garded onl> us a matter of hours, After

la jeiny cexterence in the Mayor's office

The business | - :
man was introduced to an alloged Western | to-day Counsel Tliss, for the City Railway
| and Attorney Darrow, forthe atrikers, were

Union opera'or, andthen was taken to the | : ;
intrusted with the task of conferring and

Afier
oW lining a common ground which should
serve us the foundarion for arbitration,

The two atterneys will report back to
the Aldermanio mediation commitres to-
morrow, Wher &: announcement of the
settlement will te made.

It was learnea that the company had
made two propositions to the union. These
are: That the company shall have the righv
to discipline and discharge its employees
as it shall choose, but this shall nut be con-
strued to mean that any discrimination is
made against union men or non-union
men; that the company shall formulate
the methods by which grievances of its
employeos shall bé adjusted in the future.

The understanding was that the com-
pany laid down these two propositions as
the basic principles which must be granted
by the union before further negotiations
could be entered upon. .

|

He told the bunco men he would BHRE|
around a friend with plenty of coin and
put him against the game.

Mr. Lord and Mr. Corrigan sent for De-
tectives Fritchman and Burton of Cept.
Piper's staff. They also called in County
Detective Reardon and Central Office De-
tective Rappolt. The man who had been
swindled had an engagement with one of
the confidence men yeaterday afternoon,
and it was agreed that he should introduce
Detective Fritchman as his friend. The
pair, followed by the others, went to a
salocn at 135 Broadway. |

In the saloon Fritchman and the victim |
found the man they were looking for. He
later gave the name of William Crane, but
the police say that this is only one of several
names he is known under. There was
another man with Crane, whom he intro-
duced as William McCormick, a telegraph

was learned that Fritchman |

operator, the AD who provided the ad- In return the trainmen submitted a
sence information on the resulta of the proposition in regard to arbitration of the

When it wage scale.
Mr. Darrow said that the men had ac-

had monsy and was willing to bet it on a
sure thing, the four men left the saloon
and started uptown. MeCormick left thenr
at the Western Union building and hurried
in there, saying he had to get to work.
Fritchman, the victim, and the swindler
went direat to the Thirty-ninth street
house. The party from the District At-
torney's office trailed them.

In the back parlor of the Thirty-ninth
street house there were twenty men. Sit- |
ting at a table was a nan with several big ,
rolis of bills in front of him. Behind a
partition could be heard the click of a tele- |
graph instrument. Crane, the steerer, euid
he was an operator, and when he get a
from McCormick over the pool-
room wire he would put Fritchman next.

When he sidled up to the detective and |
whispered “Zelba,” the name of a horse |
running at Latonia, Fritchman made a |
$50 bet with the man who had the bank
roll. The fifty dollar bill had been marked.
When the man wlio took it stowed it away |
in one of his piles Fritchinan grabbed all |
the money and pointed a revolver at the |
cashier.

Meantime the victim had run to a front
window and given the signal to the waiting !
ones outeide, They kicked down the front |
door of the house and entered the poolroom |
on the run,

The first man in the place was Detective
Reardon. Crane, the steerer, evidently
recognized him, and pitched into him. |
Crane was soon subdued. |

The other men who were wanted were |
then taken into custody. There were |
|

| cepted the proposition of the company
with immaterial modifications.
In their turn the men submitted a proposi-
| tion on the routing of cars.

All sorts of “settlement”
on the street to-night. One story had it
that the men would return to work to-
morrow. Messrs. Bliss and Darrow were
still in conference late to-night.

More cars than on any other day in the
strike were placed in operation by the City
Railway to-day, and the police details had
little to do,

rumors weré

 

 

TO ADVERTISE PHILADELPHIA,

 

8100,000 to Make the City Known tn the
Backwoods,
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 20.--The newly or-
ganized Merchants and Trav llors’ Associa-
tion has a tlan for a campaign of advertis-

| ing, entailing an expendi:ure of $100,000

which will soon be laid before the business
men of this city by the cornmittee on pub-
licitv of the association. It is intended
to devote a consideral le part of this fund
to attracting public notice by means of
the Philadelphia newspapers.

The formation of a $100,009 fund will
be suggested, each firm or individual to
subscribe $109 This fund will inelude
not enly whclosal> merchants, Lut jobbers,
retailers and in fact every + liss of business
man who may care to enier. The money

expende whe lesale dist rib
Graham was the man who had the bank yay. Ne the ae : a ruige
roll, He declared that he had $4,200, but} pews luier to every weekly newspaper in
all his captors could make out of it was |
$3,150. Once roll of bills was marked $5,000. |
‘ pen a $100 wrapper and forty-eight ones |
nit.
The last three prisoners were locked up |
charged with yecninie and maintaining |
{

 

three of them hesides Crane. Thev said
that they were Fred Graham, Benjamin
Bartlett and Janes Brady.

the country, and in the pesci! le pub lication
of a magazine devoted to the interests of
Philacelohia and its merchants.

li is expected by this means to reach
hundreds of thousands of ieadersa and
convince them that Philadelphia has decided
advantages in many respects over other
Eastern cities.

   
 

a poolroom. That charge wae made against
Crane, too, but he was also held for assault
and for PaEGHOR.

The telegraph instrument was conne¢ted
to a battery on the second floor, and the
wire went no further.

Banker Fish’s Slayer to Serve His Term.

The Appellate Division affirmed yester-
day the conviction of Thomas F, Sharkey,
who killed Nicholas Fish, the banker, a
yoo ago in Ehrhardt'’s Café at Thirty-
fourth street and Eighth avenue. Sharkey
was sentenced to ten years imprisonment
for manslaughter in the second

 

Deecrfoot Farm Sausages.

With increasing knowledge of the danger to
health through carelessly prepared food, con-
sumers grow more fastidious in their selection.
eee means purity, daintiness, cleanliness,
—Ade,

 

 

egree.

 

 

  

 

tion,

 

KAISER'S POOR HEALTH.

Doctors Advise Him to Go South for the
Winter.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

BERLIN, Nov, 20.—The Potsdamer Corre-
epondent says that Emperor William has
been advised to spend the winter In the
south, and that he will probably comply
with this advice after Christmas.

MUSTN'T READ THE BIBLE.

Nebraska Supreme Court Commands That
It Be Discontinued in the Schools,

Linooun, Neb., Nov. 20.—A peremptory
writ of mandamus was issued to-day from
the Supreme Court, commanding the dis-
continuance of the reading of the Bible in
the schools of District 21, Gage county.
It was a test case. The court said that
there is nothing in the law, Constitution or
history of the people upon which to ground
the claim that it is the duty of the Govern-
ment to teach religion. It is immaterial
whether the objections of a parent are
unreasonable. The right to be unreason-
able is guaranteed by the Constitution.

The trustees affected say that they will
refuse to obey the mendate and will sub-
ject themselves to contempt of court and
its penalties before discontinuing the read-
ing of the Bible.

REAL BABE IN TOYLAND.

 

 

 

 

 

Somebody Stowed Her Away tn a Majestic
Theatre Box and led.

Just before the curtain went up last
night on the first act of “Babes in Toyland,”
at the Majestic Thcatre, Peter Lynch, an
usher, heard a faint cry from the direction
of a box on the lewer right hand side. He
found a baby hidden behind the curtain
that separates that box from the adjoin- |
ing one. The child was taken to Bellevue
Hospital and placed in the foundling ward.

It is a girl and is exceptionally well
dressed. The doctors say it is about 7
days old. The clothing consists of a white
corduroy coat ever a long white dress of
fins linen. The under garmenta are of
embroidered flannel. A blue ribbon around
the child’s neck held a small heart-shaped
gold locket, inside of which there was long
black hair, evidently that of a woman,

At the hospital the baby never cried,
but smiled most of the time. The nurses
say it is the best natured foundling that
has ever been brought to the institution.

The folks at the theatre say they have
reason to suspect a man who purchased
seat 105 M as the one who placed the found-
ling in the box. He was suspiciously fat
when he entered the theatre, and an usher
says that he left his seat before the house

| had begun to fill, and seemed to inspect

the boxes. After the child was found it
was discovered that he had disappeared.

 

WOMEN DASHED ON AN ISLAND.

Tried to Rescue Old Man Who Went Over
Falis—Daring Rescue by Boaimen.

York, Pa., Nov. 20.—Caught in the swift
current of the Susquehanna River while
crossing in ‘a @mall boat from Fallsville,
this county, a man thought to be Samuel
Hoover, 70 years old, was carried over the
Conewago Falls and drowned.

Mrs. Clara Brothers, his daughter, and
Miss Amy Nathit, his granddaughter, saw
him from the shore battling with the cur-

 

| rent and attempted to reach him in a row-

boat.

Just as the man’s boat was carried over |
the falls, the boat occupied by the women |
was caught in the current and dashed
upon the rocks of Raccoon Island, where
the two women passed the day exposed to
the cold.

The flooded condition of the river and
the swift current made a dangerous com-
bination, and for several houra no one
dared to try to reach the island, The
wornen could be seen waving their hand-
kerchiefs to the crowds lined up on each
shore.

Late in the afternoon, at the risk of their
lives, two river men succeeded in reaching
the island in a boat and rescued the im-
prisoned women. They were benumbed
with cold and nearly exhausted.

TO COURT OVER A BURIAL.

Butler Objects to Placing His Father's
Body in a Cathollo Cemetery.

George Howard Butler of 66 Pierrepont
street, Brooklyn, applied to Supreme Court
Justices Scott and Blanchard yesterday
for an injunction to restrain his stepmother,
Mary Egan Butler, of 170 West Ninety-
sixth street, from burying his father, Asabel
8. Butler, in a Catholic cemetery.

Mr. Butler wants his father buried in the
family plot in Greenwcod and says that
he frequently expressed a wish to be
buried there. Mre. Mary Butler, who is a
Cathyi:, says that her husband agreed to
become a Catholic, and she believes that
she should have the disposal of the body.
The court reserved decision, but permitted
the widow te pluce the Lody in a receiving
vault at Ivary Cercerery.

Asatel 5. Binler died on Noy. 16, He
was formerly employed in H. B. Claflin's.

 

CLAUS SPRECKELS ILL,
Report That He Has Had @ Second Stroke |
of Apoplexy.

SAN Francisco, Nov. 2.—Claus Spreckels,
tho millionaire sugar king, who is regarded
as the mchest man on the Coaet, ie ill, and
his age and the fect thet he recently had a
stroke of apo lex, make his condition
critical,

Svrecke!s suffered an apoplee ic stroke
jurt after his return from a trip abroad,
and it is rumored that the present illness
is due to a second stroke, which has 60 af-
fected his throat that he is unnble to speak.
This report is denied by his eldest tcn,
John D., who eayn that his father will soon
be out and that his condition excites no
fear. Claus Spreckels is 75 years old.

 

MILLER AND JOHNS ESCAPE.
Found Not Guilty tn the Post OMmMee
Bribery , Cases.
CrncinnaTI, Ohio, Nov.  20.—Former

Assistant Attorney-General Daniel V. Miller
and Joseph M. Johns, charged with con-
spiracy to bribe, were found not guilty
to-night shortly after 9 o'clock. The jury
was out six hours.

This was the second trial of the cese.
The first, six weeks ago, resulted in a
disagroement. Turf Commissioner John J, }
Rvan was the chief prosecuting witness in |
both cases. :

Miller was overcome and sobhed when
the verdict was returned. |

 

Flot \da Coast Hotel Co, opened a book-
tng off ce, 221 Fifth Ave., cor. 26t%s, t., N.¥. C.—Ade.

 

SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1908.
Fair to-day; cloudy and warmer to-morrow.

CENTS.

 

PRICE TWO

  

CANAL TREATY TEXT

Sovereign Rights Granted Over
Isthmian Strip. .

 

FREE PORTS AT EACH END

Cities of Panama and Colon Not
Included in the Grant.

United States Guarantees the Independence
of the New Republic—Canal to Be
Neutral—Panama to Get 810,000,000
in Cash and 6250,000 a Year After
Nine Years—Will “Lease or Sell Us
Naval Stations if They Are Desired
—Provision for Sanitary Regulations.

WASHINGTON, Nov, 20.—Following is the
treaty between the United States and the
Republic of Panama for the construction,
maintainance, operation, sanitation and
protection of a ship canal across the Isthmus
of Panama, and the use, occupation and
control in perpetuity of the zone of land
through which the canal will be dug, signed
at Washington on Nov. 18, by Secretary of
State Hay for the United States and Minister
Bunau-Varilla for the Republic of Panama:

“The United States of America and the
Republic of Panama being desirous to
insure the construction of a ship canal
across the Isthmus of Panama to connect
the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, and the
Congress of the United States of America
having passed an act, approved June 18,
1902, in furtherance of that object, a copy
of which is hereto annexed, by which the
President of the United States isa directed
to acquire within a reasonable time the
control of the necessary territory of the
Republic of Colombia, and the sovereignty
of such territory being actually vested in
the Republic of Panama, the high contract-
ing parties have resolved for that purpose to
conclude a convention and have accord-
ingly appointed as their plenipotentlarie:,
the President of the United States of
America John Hay, Secretary of State,
and the Government of the Republic of
Panama, Philippe Bunau-Varilla, Envoy
Extraordinary and Minister Plenipoten-
tiary of the Republic of Panama, thereunto
empowered by said Governments, who, after
communicating with each other their re-
spective full powers, found to be in good
and due form, have agreed upon the follow-
ing articles:

“Article I.—The United States guarantees
and will maintain the indenendence of the

Republic of Panama. ze

“Article II,—The Republic of Panama
grants to the United States in perpetuity
the use, occupation and control of the zone
of land and land under water for the con-
struction, maintenanoe, operation, sanita-
tion and protection of said canal of the
width of ten miles extending to the distance
of five miles on each side of the centre lino
of the route of the canal to be constructed;
the said zone beginning in the Caribbean
Sea, three marine miles from mean low
water mark and extending to and across
the Isthmus of Panama into the Pacific
Ocean to a distance of three marine miles
from mean low water mark, with the pro-
viso that the cities of Panama and Colon
and the harbors adjacent to sald cities
which are included within the boundaries
of the zone above described shall not be
included within this grant. The Republic
of Panama further grants to the United
States in perpetuity the use, ocoupation
and control of any other lands and waters
outside of the zone above described which
may be necessary and convenient for the
construction, maintenance, operation, sani-
tation and protection of the said canal
or of any auxiliary canals or other works
necessary and convenient for the construc-
tion, maintenance, operation, sanitation and
protection of the said enterprise. The
Republic of Panama further grants to the
United States in perpetuity the use, occupa-
tion and control of all islands within the
limits of the zone above described and in
addition thereto the group of small isl-
ands in the Bay of Panama named Perico,
Naos, Culebra and Flamenco,

“Article 11I—The Republic of Panama
grants to the United States all the rights,
power and authority within the zone men-
tioned and described in Article IL, of this
agreement and within the limits of all
auxiliary lands and waters mentioned and
described in said Article Il., which the
United States would possess and exercise
if it were the sovereign of the terrritory
within which said lands and waters are
located to the entire exclusion of the exer-
cise by the Republic of Panama of any
such sovereign rights, power and authority.

“Article 1V.—As rights subsidiary to the
above grants, the Kepublic of Panama
grants in perpetuity to the United States
the right to use the rivers, streams, lakes
and other bodies of water within its limits
for navigation, the supply of water or
waterpower or other purposes, so far as
the use of the said rivers, streams, lakes and
bodies of water and the waters thereof
may be necessary and convenient,for the
construction, maintenance, operation, aani-
tation and protection of the said canal,

“Article V.—The Republic of Panama
grants to the United States in perpetuity
@ monopoly for the construction, main-
tenance and operation of any system of
communication by means of canal or rail-
road across its territory bet ween the Carib-
bean Sea and the Pacific Ocean,

* Article VI.—The grants herein contained
shall in no manner invalidate the titles or
rights of private landholders or owners
of private property in the said zone, or in
or to any of the land or waters leased or
granted to the United States by provisions
of any article of this treaty, nor shall they
interfere with the right of way over the
public roads passing through the said gone,
or over any of the said lands or waters
unless said rights of way or private rights
shall conflict with the rights herein granted
to the United States, in which case the
rights of the United States shall be superior.
All damages caused to the owners of private
lands or private property of any kind by
reason of the grants contained in this treaty
or by reason of the operations of the United
States, its agents or employees or by reason
of the construction, maintenance, operation,
sanitation and protection of the said canal
or of the works of sanitation and protection
herein provided for, shall be appraised and

a

Se

meant aes

eee

Sei eakins Uae:

ie a

PO Rn TE see

 

By
ay
ap
|
rf
| a
j
j ‘5
H fi
+} P
Wo
3
aa ai
i
F
P
FS
; p
.
} 5
|
h
\ {
{
4