DL. LXXIV.—NO. 11.

4

   

MARTIAL LAW NOW IN CUBA,

GOVERNMENT ARRESTS MEMRERS
OF REVOLUTIONARY JUNTA,
Recalls Amnesty Proctamation and wm

darry War to ihe Inwirgents—Vietory
at Convotacion Was Sweeping Rebels
Lest 3@0— American: tn the Ftgtet
cout Cahte Despa ch to TRE SUN,
Havana, Sept. 10, Martial law has been
proclaimed = by the Government in the
provinces of Havana, Santa (lara and
Pinar cel Rio. The amnesty proclaimed
on Angnst 27, promising pardon to all
rebels whe surrendered, bas been recalled.
Orders bave been issued for the arrest
of rebel sympathizers in this and = other
cities. Gongal Senator Delgado,
vvan Arpiavo and Garcia Ozana were ar-
icated to-night. Warranta have been ie-
cued for many ot bers, inchiding Senator
Zavas, chief of the Liberal party. The
hole Secret Service #8 scouring the eity.
Pino Guerra, the rebel leader, is said to
Le vathering his forces io the hills, previous
toan attempt to retake Consolacion, where
je was defeated in Saturday's engagement.
Government reports claim a sweeping vie-

 

Peres,

fory

The resultof this engagement marked the
siter failuce of the peace negotiations of
Gen. Menocal. The Government has noti-
fed bim that it will aecepa nothing but the
surrender of the rebels. ‘Secretary Mon-
talvo, who 18 in charge of the Government's
iniitary operations, says: “We will answer

war with war,”

While Menocal was explaining to
representative veterans this evening the
Government's attitude a policeman entered
the house and arrested Dr. O'’Farrill, ex-
Mavor of Havana, who is a prom inent
Liberal, on the charge of being a member
cf the revolutionary junta,

Details of the fighting around the armored
train near Consolacion and iff the village
itself show it to have been the bloodiest
of the war. The Cubans regained their
old reputation as hard fighters, but the
Government's victory was principally due
to the Americans under Capt. Webster,
who manned the gatling guns and made
effective vse of them,

The fighting went on in two places, one
around the military train, between the
joya'ists under Cok Tabares and Capt.
Webster, and the insurgenta under Col.
Paez. Meantime, insurgents under Gen.
Pino Guerra were holding the town of
Consolacion against loyatist forces under
Col. Avalos. Paez made three desperate
machete charges on the train, in spite of
the fire of the gatlings, but was forced
back each time.

He then kept at a distance, keeping up a
rifle fire. But Avalos, quickly turning, made
actarge on Paez's forces, which fled. Avalos
then turned again and renewed the attack
on Consolacion, while the troops the
train and the American gunners Paez
at bay. The fighting at Cotsolacion was
hand to hand, Guerra bravely holding his
position for a long time. Finally he had
to abandon the town and al so took to the
hills.

It has been definitely ascertained that
the rebels lost 300 in the place. The Ameri-
cans sang “The Good Old Summer Time,”
and danced around the train after the rebels’
failure to reach them.

The insurgenta fought bravely... They
overurned two railway oars at Consolacion,
using them as a barricade, and every inch
of ground won by Avalos had to be won
with the machete. Great credit is given
Avalos for his quick movements in coming
to the rescue of the train and then returning
80 rapidly to the attack on Consolacion.

Gen. Pedro Diaz was not in command cf
the military train fh the battle. He was
deprived of the command three days ago,
when, instead of proceeding, he went back
to Palacios. Col. Tabares then took com-
mand. Before starting he wired to Presi-
dent Palma: “I will proceed with the train,
or die.”

Guerra had in the battle over 2,000 men,
while the Government had 800 under Avalos
and 350 under Tabares. The Government
troops captured 178 horses.

A second military train from Havana is
tlowly advancing to Pinar del Rio, repairing
”_ track and the telegraph line as it moves
along.

The city of Pinar del Rio is in a state of
famine, as all ita victuals come from Havana
and nothing is raised there but tobacco.
The military train had sdéme provisions,

zh the cargo of two cars that were
left on the track was saved, it will not be
enough to relieve the suffering people.

Speaker Freyre de Andrade says that
the House of Representatives, as soon as
it meets on September 14, will repeal the
public works bill, devoting the $0,000,000
provided for therein to war purposes. He
adds that the Congress is sure to support
President Palma’s past acts and his future
operations. He will put down the rebels
with a strong hand. He does not need
American assistance... Others are less san-
guine,

The rebels are not likely to be discouraged
by their first reverse. The revolution is
growing in Santa Clara Province. An up-
rising in Manzanillo of discontented vete-
rans is likely to inflame the Province of
Santiago.

It is reported that the Government force
Bt Guines is preparing for a vigorous cam-
paign against Col. Aasbert.

_ An order of arrest that was issued against
Sefor San Miguel, editor of La Lueha, has
been temporarily suspended.

NEW DEFEAT FOR THE RERELS.,

OMcial Advices Tell of Another Victory
for Cel. Avalos.

Official telegrams from the Government
palace in Havana received here yesterday
by Capt. Mario Carillo y Aldama give
further particulars of the fighting on Satur-
day and Sunday, in which 900 revolutionists
are reported to have been killed and which
the Government called a decisive victory.
ol. Carlos M, Aguirre, head of the Cuban
revolutionary junta, gave notice at the same
time that if the plan of arbitration which
representatives of Coudert Bros. are to
present was not accepted an effort would

” made to persuade the United States

Gen

a aS Soo

 

 

oo

 

EVANS’ ALE ON DRAUGHT.— Ad@,
tie
TOUR TO A 3
NATIONAL DENFAL CONVENTION,
“;CPlember 16, via Peni anita . Special
iman train. Only wa 10 trip from New

York. all ex ni
onsul Cc. Sin . returning.
sonst oa ee er Avenue.

.

 

— + ere ee

|
|
|
|

|
|
|
|

 

 

 

to step in and force Palma’s acceptance.

This plan of arbitration is substantially
the same aa that already drawn up by Gen.
Menocal, head of the veterans’ association
in Havana, except that it calls for resigna-
tions throughout, including those of Presi-
deat Palma and Vice-President Mendes
Capote and an election of an entire new
Government.

The telegrams which Capt. Carillo y
Aldama reoeived were all signed by Ernesto
Fonts y Sterling, Secretary of the Treasury
in Paltna'’s Cabinet, They refer to the fight-
ing which took place between the insurgents
ind Rural Guards at Consolacion in Pinar
Jel Rio and around the armored train halted
some distance outside that town, On board
the train were 250 men under Col. Tabares
and two rapid fire guns in charge of Capt.
Webster, an American, It was held up
at Las Ovas, just outside of Consvlacion, on
Satur tay by the removal of a rail by the
insur tents.

Sappers got off to fis up things, when
about 200 insurgents opened fire ies the
bush, wounding the engineer. Col. Avalos,

—e_

++e+NEW

j
|

who wax in the neighborhood with 200 |

mounted Rural Guarde, attaeked the insur-
gents in the rear. When he saw that Capt.
Webster was taking abundant care of him-
self he moved away to throw himself on
Pino Guerra, who lay in the village of Con-
solacion with about 700 men.

A second despatch receivel late yesterday
afternoon is as follows

The combat with Vino Guerra in Consota-
cion also resulted in a comolete victory for
the Government forces, It is estimated that
the rebels had over 250 killed. They took
away forty or fifty wounded. Col. Avalos at-
tacked in rear when the insurgents were at-
tacking the train, which was defended by
Gen. Diaz and a rapid fire battery com-
manded by Capt. Webster, The triumph
was all the more complete, as it shows that
Pino Guerra bas no more than 1,000 men with

  

 

COMES AWAY GLUM AND WITH
HIS LIPS SEALED.

All He Would Say Was That He and the
Preskient Were “in Perfect Accerd’’
—Betiel He Pleaded for a Last Cause
—Neo Statement Frem Sagamore Hill.

Oversr Bay, Sept. 10.—Gov. Frank W.
Higgins was the President's politioal lunch-
eon guest to-day. The New York State
political situation receiveda thorough going
over in a three hours conference, and the
Governor returned from the Hill looking
anything but happy.

Gov. Higgins arrived on the 12:20 P. M.
train, immersed in deep thought and wear-
ing never the trace of a smile. He said
that the statement which he had given out
in the morning covered everything on
politics that he had to say. When it was
suggested to Gov. Higgins that his state-
ment contained nothing regarding bis views
on a renomination he looked thoughtful
and finally replied:

“T said in my statement all that I intended
fo say.”

With this utterance the Governor stepped
into the President's carriage and waa driven
away.

Gov. Higgina returned from Sagamore
Hill looking more sorrowful than ever but
smiling as though it hurt him.

“T have had a long talk with the President
and we are in perfect acoord,” he announced

 

him, who completely lack cineipline and in- | and then he became silent.

telligence. The joy in Havana city is great
over thia victory, whieh is considered the
beginning of the end.

Fonts ¥ STRALING,

A third despatch received last evening
Says.

At an early hour this (Monday) morning
Col. Avalos, who was following the rebels,
came up with them and again attacked them,
killing sixty, taking thirty-two prisoners and
capturing 170 horses. The Rural Guards are
acclaimed on all sides in Havana as national
heroes.

 

Sealed Orders Arouse Suspteton That Her
Trip Has to Do With Coba.

Portsmoutu, Va., Sept. 10.—The United
States protected cruiser Des Moines, Com-
mander Abraham E. Culver, went to sea
to-night under sealed orders. On Sunday
orders were sent to the naval magazine
here for a large consignment of ammu-
nition of small calibre, which was prepared
and hustled aboard the Des Moines, to-
gether with a big shipment of stores.

The departure of the steamship Marie
Herrera from New York on Saturday with
a big consignment of arms and ammuni-
tion to be_used in suppressing the Cuban
revolution, and the secrecy with which the
course and destination of that vessel are
being guarded, adds strength to the sup-
position that the sailing of the Des Moines
may have something to do with the Herrera's
departure. The cruiser took a southern
course after passing Cape Henry.

BOYS UPSET TRAIN TRAFFIC,

Tamper With Jersey Central's Signal Sys
tem~—Many Trains Delayed.

Four small boys put the entire auto-
matic signal syatem in the Jersey City yards
of the Central Railroad of New Jersey out
of business yesterday afternoon between
5 and 5:30 o'clock, the beginning of the
rush hour. The boys got into a big box
at Jersey avenue and ripped out numerous
coppér wires running from the battery
jare.. This served to paralyze the signal
system in the yards extending from Com-
munipaw to Claremont, which is out toward
Bayonne.

The tieup caused great confusion. Trains
were stalled on both the outgoing and
incoming tracks. A large jam in the Com-
munipaw station resulted and the report
spread that there had been a bad wreck.
It took a lot of hustling on the part of the
railroad employees to get the battery box
fixed up and the signal system working
again.

Railway Detective Michael Laderatt saw
the boys as they were making off with
zine and wire. He chased them and over-
took one of the urchins. He is Elmer Horn-
berger, 13 years old, of 24 Colden street,
Jersey City. The boy was taken to the
city hall police station in Jersey City
and later was turned over to the Children’s
society. He told who the other boys are,
but up to a late hour the police had not
found them.

SHOWED 'EM HOW TO BE A COP.

New Philadelphia Policeman Fills Siation
in Two Hours and Je Fired.

PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 10. — Policeman
Thomas Kirk of the Sixth district, in the
Tenderloin, went on the street for the first
time last midnight.

His career a8 a cop was peremptorily
halted two hours later by Lieut. Quirk,
after he had made twenty-five arrests,
routed the patrol crew out of bed eleven
times, and filled the station house with
protesting people

“I'll show some of youse what police is
like,” said Kirk, as he left the station house.

Ten minutes later the phone bell rang,
the patrol crew jumped out and came
back with an apparently respectable and
weeping woman who said she had been
bargaining with a cab driver to take her
home. Kirk didn’t like it and took her in.

Then came under arrest the engineer of
the Lippincott Building, whom Kira had
found smoking in his shirt sleeves back of
the building.

Then the patrol crew brought in the
negro porter of the Bingham House, “ar-
rested for impudence,” and an Irish bell-
boy who had interfered.

Then came two couples, taken for “being
giddy,” said Kirk.

More arrests followed, terror was in
Market street and the station house was
besieged by indignant citizens.

Then came Kirk, five men walking single
file ahead of him, all under arrest. Then
there was a riot and Kirk's career ended

 

+ Great Nerthern limited Goes Into the

Diteh.

Havre, Mon., Sept. 10.—The Oriental
Limited, eastbound, on the Great Northern
road, went into the ditch near son
last night. ' No one was killed, but several
passengers were severely bruised and cut.

After all Usher's the Scotoh
that made tbe highball famous. — Ads.

 

YSBURG AND W. m x
—s 2 atlroad Sx
wtp. i necessary expenses. $22 from New

See ticket agems,— Ade.

‘

ork.

nena

oo

The Governor was asked if he agreed with
the statement of Chairman Parsons that
Odell would be put on the shelf on September
25, but after announcing modestly that he
didn't believe in self-advertisement, he re-
fused to say anything more.

When a statement in a morning newa-
Paper was shown to him, declaring that he
would control a majority of the votes in the
convention, Gov. Higgins remarked:

“Some of my friends are confident that I
shall do so, but I leave statements on such
matters to those who think they are wiser
than I politically.”

The Governor sidestepped all questions
as to the probable nominee for Governor and
as to his own aspirations. It was expected
that after the conference with Gov. Higgins
President Roosevelt would give out some
statement. The fact that no such state-
ment came from Sagamore Hill ia taken by
many to indicate that the Governor pleaded
for a lost cause and received little encour-
agement from the President. In his pub-
lished utterances Gov. Higgins has inti-
mated that he had the full support of the
President. It is regarded aa significant by
the wise ones that neither in hia remarks
Published this morning nor in the inter-
view after hia talk with the President did
Gov. Higgins give any hint of his own de-
sire for a renomination.

It is the belief here that the President does
not regard Gov. Higgins as strong enough
to make headway against William Travers
Jerome in the coming campaign. It is
well known, too, that every statement com-
ing from the President has shown his deter-
mination to bring about the defeat of Bose
Odell at the ooming State convention,
Congressman Littauer’s statement, after a
long talk with the President, to the effect
that “the Republican party in New York
must have a candidate strong enough to
override the bosses” is assumed to be a
direct quotation of the President’s views
and that he desires a candidate entirely
free from factional taint. Charles E.
Hughes might fill the bill, but if his name
was dwelt upon in the conference to-day
neither Gov. Higgins nor the Executive
Offices gave sign of it.

Paul Morton, pr sident of the Equitable
Life and ex-Secretary of the Navy, came
to Oyster Bay on the same train as Gov,
Higgine. It was announoed at the Execu-
tive offices that there was no significance in
the men coming together. Mr. Morton
accompanied the Governor back to New
York. He said that hi® visit was purely
social and had no political or other signifi-
canoe. On leaving, Gov. Higgins said that
he would probably return at once to Albany.

John ©. Eversman, assistant treasurer of
the Republican Congress committee, came
down to see Secretary Loeb to-day. He
reported that the dollar contribution scheme
of Chairman Sherman, which President
Roosevelt indorsed, was now tnder full
swing and that the money was pouring in.

HIGGINS HOPEFUL FOR VicToryY,
Doesn't Care About Candidates, He Saya,
but Sticks to His Principles.

Gov. Higgins was at the Albemarle Hotel
yesterday morning before leaving for
Oyster Bay to visit President Roosevelt.
The Governor said that the President had

 

written to him a week ago asking him to
lunch at Sagamore Hill. The vernor
went on to that he would

sa een
leave Oyster Bay and proceed direct to
Albany, and that he would not have any-
thing to say as to his conversation with
President Roosevelt, either as to the Repub-
lican situation in the State or as to his own
political fortunes. The Governor added:

“I am not so much interested in the per-
sonality of the candidate as { am in the

inciples outlined in my Albany statement,

hat is the important thing. There are
plenty of good Republicans who can be
sowed Or 100,000 majority this year. Asa
matter of fact, with three tickets in the field,
the Republican candidate could win by as
high as 200,000 majority.”
Do you expect that two Democrats will
be running agent the Republican?”

“One will a Democrat,” replied the
Governor, “and the other will be a—well,
you_can se ty

“There been a persistent rumor
lately that President Koosevelt would like
to have you step aside for Mr. Hughes,”
the Governor was told.

“That was evidently started by persons
who are unfriendly to me,” replied the
Governor, “or puters they lacked correct

m

information. not surprised that they
should try to create such an im n.
It weald book as if the wish was father tothe
thought.”

“Then there has been no change in your
relations with the President?”

“Of course not,” rejoined the Governor.
“ Any rumors to the contri are absurd.”

Gov. Higgins said that the up-State Re-
publican situation was excellent and he
believed that Mr. Parsons would win in his
fight in New York county. The Governor
aad that he hadn't given a thought to Mr.
Odell’s successor as State chairman, and
speaking of the recent meeting of the Re-

ublican State committee, where the Odell
Forcen won by a vote of 19 to 18, the Governor
a:
“That meeting was a flasco. But what
of it? Is any sensible Republican misled
by the result, when it was brought about
by one man—you know the kind—changing

vote? Maybe it will affect some men

who usually are found from one
side to the other, but w
with che scatiment of the

   
   
 

 

    
    

oo eee seeneoes eniipesdnncesnbeenan ae _———— =

BER 11, 1906.—comriow.

 

   

 

President Parde dives & Hanquet in His
Hener in Lima,
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tus Sue

Lia, Sept. 10.-Seeretary of State Root
arrived at Callao to-day on the cruiser
Charleston, and at once proceeded to thia
city, of which Callao ia the port. The
President's coagh was awaltiog him at tho
station, and, atcompanied by the Mayor,
he was driven to the City Haii and ushered
into the Council room, where the Councillors
and a large number of the leading citizens
were waiting for him.

The streets through which the carriage
passed from the station were lined with
police. Back of them stood large crowds,
who cheered Mr. Root constantly. When
the party arrived at the City Hall a band
stationed there played “Hail, Columbia.”

The Mayor In hia speech welcoming
Mr. Root said: _

“The citizens of I.ima, and, indeed, of the
whole of Peru, weloome you. They are
glad to have you among them in the ancient
metropolis of Spanish-Amerioa, and in a
country which after Leing shaken and
convulsed by dissension has arisen once
more into life and well being, with confi-
dence for the future in order and industry.

“We sympathize with the doctrines you
proclaim, and extend with singere regard
the right hand of friendship. We feel
pride and satisfaction in beholding the
progress of your country. Soon the vigor-
ous arm of your people will divide the strip
of land which still separates the two oceans.
The spirits of Washington and Bolivar
in space watch over the maintenance of
peace and justice and follow the destiny
of the republics which they created.

“May you spend pleasant days among
us, and may their memory be lasting. We
will ever retain a grateful impression of
your visit.”

The Mayor then fixed on the lapels of
Mr. Root's coat and the coata of the gentle-
men with him gold badges bearing the
arma of the city of Lima.

Subsequently Mr. Root visited President
Pardo, with whom he had a long and friendly
chat. When he retired from the Presi-
dential residence a band played the “Star
Spangled Banner.” He then went to the
residence that has been assigned to him
during his stay bere. Later the President
returned Mr. Root's visit, and Mr. Root
presented his wife, son and daughter to
him.

A banquet in honor of the distinguished
visitor was given by President Pardo at
the palace to-night. It was attended by
the Ministers, a number of the highest
officials and the most prominent members
of society.

DIVER JUMPS FROM BRIDGE.

Man With a Love of the Spectacular Takes
an East River Plunge.

A man, apparently trying to show his
ability as a high diver, jumped off the
Brooklyn Bridge yesterday afternoon. He
was picked up by the tug Stanley Miner
and carvied on up the river after he had
waved | ia handa to persons on the bridge
to convince them that he was unharmed.
It couldn't be learned Jast night where the
tug landed him, but from a card found in
the pocket of the coat he left behind the
police concluded that the jumper was
Thomas Urell of 91 Second place, Brooklyn.
The déscription fits a young man of that
name who has been practising high div-
ing for several years and had an ambition
to make a name for himself in that line.

The diver, who is about 23 years old,
started across the bridge on a Flatbush
avenue car at about 1 o'clock. The motor-
man, Martin Gibson, noticed that he wore
nothing but an undershirt under his coat.
When the car reached the central span of
the bridge the man suddenly hopped of
the car, pulled off his coat and vaulted over
the parapet toward the river. He struck
the water feet first with his hands folded
over his head. When he rose to the surface
he swam toward the tug Stanley Miner,
which was a hundred feet away, and was
taken on board.

Mrs. William Urell of 91 Second place,
Brooklyn, had no doubt last night that the
jumper was her grandson, Thomas, She
said that he did the high diving in 1905 in
*Fighting the Flames” at Dreamland,
Coney Island. He lives in Manhattan.

FIGHT FOR CONTROL OF OHIO,

Convention That Opens To-«lay to Settle
Burton-Dick-Foraker Contest.

Dayton, Ohio, Sept. 10.-After making
charges of plots and counterplots, both
Senator Charles F. Dick and Congressman
Theodore E. Burton to-night expressed
confidence of controlling the Republican
State convention, which will open here to-
morrow afternoon.

All the State leaders are here. Senator
Foraker, arrived to-night. Indications to-
night point to a victory for the Dick-Foraker
forces over those headed by Burton and
Harry Daugherty, erstwhile Gubernatorial
candidates.

Senator Dick says he will control the
convention by 3 to 1, while Burton claims
that with the aid of the rural delegates
he will be able not only to control the con-
vention but to capture the Mtate organi-
zation.

On paper to-night, though, the Dick
followers seem to have the better of the
argument, although the strength of the
country delegations has not been reckonod
with by either faction.

The convention will settle three questions:

Should Dick and Foraker be indorsed as
cordially as Roosevelt?

Should the party nominate United States
Senators by popu ar vote?

Should Dick retained as chairman of
the State executive committee?

The Senators insist upon full indorse-
ment. Burton and Daugherty are fightin,
for only a lukewarm commendation o
their work. Foraker favors the popular
vote election, provided it does not go into
effect before 1908, when he will come up
for reelection.

Dick says the poriae vote plan would
mean two campaigns for a candidate and
would entail such expense that only a rich
man could be elected to the Senate. Dick
further insista that he be reelected as State
chairman, a position he has held nearly all
of the time for fourteen years.

The threat of Dick's friends to take the
convention away from this city because
the local committee has taken entire charge
of the distribution of admission tickets was
abandoned to-night when a oompromise
was off . The local committee
to recall hundreds of tickets it dis-
tributed.

DEWEY’S CLARET OR SAUTERNE PUNCH.
ady to serve. Sure to please your (iuests,

H. T. Dewey & Sons Co., 136 Fulton St., New York,
Ade.

 

 

 

ES

 

McKIM, MEAD & WHITE. |
The September number of The Architectural
Record is deveted to a story of the work of KeKim,
Mead & White, with illustrations. All newsdealers |
or 14 and 16 Vesey St.— Ads. \
IAGO.

THE WOLVERINE.
Tye ete “laet rt : oes Mee iork at 4:90
p M. via NEW YORK CENTRAL LINES .

 

. “Amer

reatest arrives Detrott next Morn-

Iag."Suginam, “Grand Rapids ‘and Chicago in the
a — .

A
SSS SSS SSS SSS SSS tS
i

| divided an follown:

or ateeaeeee ae einy ne ee me

 

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
    
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

 

REPUBLICANS WIN IN MAINE,

LITTLEFIELD 18 ELECTED BY
AROUT 1000 PLURALITY.

 

 

Demeoeorats Carry the Cities, bat Country
Wisiriots Are Fxpected te Turn the
Result —Goveraor Cobb's Plarality Ke
limated at 7,000 —Smatiest in 14 Years.

Port.anD, Me., Sept. 10.—At midnight
returns from to-day's election had been
received from the twenty cities and 382.
of the G00 towns and plantations in Maine.

They gave Gov. William T. Cobb, Re-
publican, 65,777; Cyrus W. Davis, Demo-
orat, 61,416; other nominees, 448; Republi-
can plurality, 3,861, compared with 17,040
plurality in those towns two years ago.
The Republican net: loss is 5,806; net Demo-
oratio gain, 9,025.

Using as a basis of calculation the returns
received up to midnight, it is estimated
that Gov. Cobb is reelected by 7,000 to 8,000
plurality over Davis.

Cobb's plurality two years ago was 26,816.
The estimated plurality in the State ia the
smallest the Republicans have had in
twenty-four years. The nearest approach
to it was 12,503 plurality for Gov. Cleaves
in 1902.

The four Republican Congressmen are
reelected, Amos Dallen by 1,600 plurality,
compared with 6,000 two years ago; Charles
E, Littlefield, 950 plurality, a loss of 3,400;
Edwin C. Burleigh, about 6,000, a slight
gain over two years ago; Llewellyn Powers
3,500, a loss of 3,000.

Congressman Littlefield said at mid-
night that he expected his plurality would
reach 1,500.

The Democrats carried all but two of the
twenty cities in the State, swept the Re-
publican counties of Cumberland and
Kennebec and increased their representa-
tion in the Legislature from four Senators
and twenty-six Representatives to twelve
Senators and about sixty Representatives.
This Legislature will elect Senator Frye's
successor.

Lewiston, Sept. 10.—Littlefield is elected
by about 1,000 plurality. This is Chair-
man Carter's claim. Gompers’s work
against Littlefield does not show in any
degree in the Second district. Cities in
the First, Third and Fourth districts showed
fully as large Democratic gains aa those
in the Second district. The great issue
was the so-called Sturgis law and the en-
forcement of it. Never has there been such
a conflict in Maine and never have the
Democrats been so well organized. The
result, disappointing to Gov. Cobb, ia gean-
erally accepted with jubilation by the Re-
publicans who have been fearing a land-
slide.

The Democratic gaina throughout the
State are generally ascribed to their position
on the question of resubmitting to a vote
of the people the prohibitory liquor amend-
ment inserted in the State Constitution in
1884. Three times Republican Legislatures
have turned down the resubmission propo-
sition. ;

An attempt was made by delegates from
some of the largest cities to insert a resub-
mission plank in the Republican State plat-
form, but it was overwhelmingly beaten.

Resubmission was the chief plank in the
Democratic platform and the campaign
was fought by the Democrats on that issue
alone, only local speakers being utilized
on the atump.

The Republican orators, some of the
biggest guns in the nation among them,
endeavored to have the fight confined to
the question of the tariff, national pros-
perity and indorsement of Roosevelt's
Administration.

In addition to the demand for resub-
mission, the people were stirred by the
passage of the Sturgis law by the lcs t Legis-
lature. Its aim was to aid in the closer en-
forcement of prohibition. The act gave
the Governor power to appoint a com-
mission and this commission to select dep-
uty commissioners who could go into any
county in the State where the local officers
failed to enforce the liquor law. This legis-
lation was very unpopular.

In the counties where the Democrats
made their hardest fight for resubmission
their gaina were greatest. They swept
Cumberland county, in which William H.
Pennell, a Democratic Sheriff, had tried
to “regulate” instead of prohibit the liquor
traffic. In this county resides State Sena-
tor Sturgis, the author of the Sturgis bill
who was turned down in the Bepublican
county convention.

Sheriff Pennell's plurality in the county
is about 1,000, of which 800 comes from
Portland, the birthplace of Maine prohi-
bition. :

It is a good guess that one of the first
measures to be presented in the next sea-
sion of the Legislature will be one resub-
mitting to the people the prohibitory
amendment.

Great interest centred in the Second
Congress district where Samuel Gompers,
president of the American Federation of
Labor, made speeches in opposition to
Congreseaman Littlefield, alleging that he
Was opposed to labor measures in Con-
greas. Littlefield ia elected by near 1,000,
Two years ago he received a majority over
his Democratic ‘opponent of more than
5,000. Gompers passed three weeks in
the Second district and Was assisted by a
number of his lieutenanta.

Not for many years were the voters so,
aroused as to-day and the vote is among
the largest in the history of the State. The
weather was idea! for an election day and
every effort was made to get out the full
strength of each party.

Although the returns are coming in
slowly, it is believed the Democrats have
elected their entire tickets in Cumberland,
Kennebec, Androscoggin, Lincoln and Knox
counties. Augusta, the home of Congress-
man Burleigh, the head of the State Kepub-
lican machine, went Democratic by a good
margin, as did Lewiston, the home of
United States Senator Frye, and Ellaworth,
the home of Senator Haie.

 

1908, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

 

ee

— SS ets
SS
SS

 

|

The vote for Governor in 1904 Was 131,512, |

Co), Rep., 76,262; Davis
Dem., 8,146; Woodbury, Prohibitionist,
2,768; Hapawod, Socialist, 1,500;
rality “cx 26,816.

The Purity of Barnett’s Vanilla

woo never questioned by any pure food cor mission

 

‘ here in the late autumn, probably in No-
rT Wet RS, MR ee ttetren trom, Wen |

Cobb's plu- | Sacer, in

'

| monies, Miss Goddard will return soon to

 
 

“—"" omspar, Sarremezn 11, 1908. .
Fair-and cooler ¢o-day and to-morrow;
variablerwindsy

    

  

  
    
 
   
   
   
    
  
   
     
    
   
  
  
   
     
    
  
  
      
    
  
  
  
      
  
  
    
   
 
    
   
     
  
  
 
   
   
    
  
 
 
  
   
   
   
  
    
 
   
   
    
   
  
    
   
 
    
  
   
   
    
    

PRICE TWO CENTS.
HEARST MEN THREATEN BOLT.

eee roman

REARST SENT FOR-—SAYS THEY
MUST ACT FOR THEMSELVES,

SAY ROADS FAVORED OIL TRUST.

Indiana Concerns Ask Railroad Commis
sen to Grant Retief.

INpraNAPOLis, Sept. 10.—In a complaint
filed with the State Railroad Commission
to-day by the National Refining Company
and the Tiona Refining Company, both of
this city, and the Evansville Oil Company
of Evansville, charges of discriminations
in tariff rates in favor of the Standard Oil
Company are made against forty-one rail-
roads,

The railroad companies made defendants
oomprise practically all that are operating
in this State.

The plaintiffe say that they are each
and severally engaged in buying, selling
and refining petroleum products and that
they ship over the lines of the defendant
companies; that the railroads bave for many
yeare made an unjust and unreasonable
tariff classification of petroleum and have
compelled the petitioners to sbip under
that classification; that the railroada
made certain classifications, except from
special pointa of shipment, and the change
resulted vastly to the benefit of the refin-
ery at Whiting, Ind., and that rates
from that point were made lower than
from others.

The petitioners submit a rate classifi-
cation which they assert is fair and which
they ask the State Railroad Commission to
adopt and enforce.

PRIMARY ROLLS STAND.

Justice Newburger Denies 7,000 of the
8,170 Applications for Relief.

After working for the better part of
Friday night and all day Saturjiay and
Sun ay Supreme Court Justice Newburger
yesterday handed down more than 7,000
decisions denying the applications of
political leaders to strike that number of
names off the primary election en-olment
book .

On Friday the Justice heard the applica-
tion of 156 lawyers to strike 8,170 names
«ff the rolis. The names ar» not divided
into Assembly districts and in a general
opinion the Justice says that the relators
have not proc eded according to +ub-
division 11 of the primary Jaw and that
therefore the cases are dismissed:

The remainder of the decisions the Justice
expects to hand down to-morrow. This
will end the primary fight #0 far as the
court is concerned.

EXCURSIONISTS ADRIFT,

MeCarren's Seymour Cinb Has a Mishap
Afloat While Coming Home.

Senator P. H. McCarren’s Seymour Club
had a picnic yesterday at Witzel’s Grove,
College Point. There were about 1,000
persons present.

Just after the steamer Tolchester, which
carried the excursionists, left the grove,
one of the rudder chains broke. The boat
drifted about helplessly for a long while
until the damage was repaired.

COLBY MEN IN A MINORITY,

Regulars Outvote Them in a Political Con-
ference 1p Plainfield.

PLAINFIELD, N. J., Sept. 10.—In
to a general invitation issued by the Re-
publican city committee the Regulars as
well as the supporters of the “New Idea”
held an open conference at the Casino to-
night to decide upon a Mayoralty candidate
to be nominated at the primaries on Sep-
tember 25. The organization men won out
and indorsed Councilman George P. Mellick
of the New York banking firm of Laden-
burg, Thalmann & Co. for the nomination.

H. Henry Depew, the candidate of the
Colbyites, was defeated by a vote of 74
to 37. The Colbyites, however, will not
give up their fight and will do all in their
power to have Mr, Depew nominated at
the primaries. Ex-Mayor Charles J. Fisk
of the banking firm of Harvey Fisk & Sons,
at whose suggestion the meeting was held,
presided.

To overcome the cry of bossism he pro-
posed that all Republicans be invited to
attend the meeting and to express their
views as to a suitable candidate. The
Colbyites failed to show the strength ex-
pected of them, but it is believed that they
will make a better fight at the primaries

 

 

Up-Staters Declare That the Candidate Is
Making a Feel of Them and Call
for a Fall Ticket—Conners’s Appeal
for Compromise Finds Little Favor.

The Hearst movement struck a snag last
night that threatened the disruption of the
Independence League. The trouble came
at the State committee’ meeting at the
Gilsey House preparatory to to-day’s con- 4a
vention, and was the result of the proposal ‘
that the convention should name only can-
didates for Governor and Lieutenant-Gov-
ernor and leave the rest of the ticket open
until after the Democratic convention,

The threat of many up-Staters and the
delegation from Brooklyn to bolt unless a
full League ticket should be named without
reference to the Democratic convention at’ - ha
Buffalo was the rock upon which the com q
mittee split.

The committee didn’t reach any kind of an
understanding or agreement until 3 o'clock
this morning. Then it was decided that the
matter of nominating a full or part ticket
should be left to the committee on resolu-
tions, which will meet some time to-day.
The motion to do this was adopted by a vote
of 142 to 8

Just previous to this decision Mr. Hearst
m te a speech, in which he said:

“I am not prepared to be a nominee at
the sacrifice of any one else. I am opposed
to fusion, after listening to what has been
said, but I am of the opinion that the ap-
pealof Mr. Connors deserves consideration.”

Mr. Hearst then left the meeting, saying
that the members of the committee must
decide the matter among themselves and
not look to him for counsel or suggestion in
the matter.

At 1 o'clock this morning the committee
was still in session with no endinsight. At
that time the sentiment, judged from the
number of speakers, was four to one in
favor of naming a full ticket. Mr. Heare@
himself was summoned to make peace,
but with little apparent success.

The session had resolved itself into a
free for all row. Through the transom over
the closed door came tge angry voices of
the contestants: “We won’t be made suckers
of by Hearst” and “Hearst's trying to run
this whole show simply for his personal
enda.”

The committee practically refused to
allow Mr. Hearst to speak.

The sentiment in favor of naming a
straight ticket was so great that the Hearst
personal crowd gave in at 2 o'clock this
morning. Clarence J. Shearn made a
in which he said that he and the...

favored the naming
of a straight ticket; but he urged that
every effort be made to secure the endorse-
ment of the Democratic convention.

Ite was said by persons who were in a
position to know that it was certain that a
full ticket will be named.

It is the belief that when the convention
meets to-day the partisans of the complete
ticket will bolt the convention.

The committee had been called to
arraitge for the temporary organization,
but this detail was forgotten in the anger
which was aroused among a majority of
of the committee over the statement issued
on Sunday by the executive committee,. in
which it was asserted that while the Inde-~
pendence League would not make over-
tures to the regular political parties for
cooperation, it “could not well refuse te
consider them.”

The purpose behind this statement was
quickly understood by the delegates who
thronged the Gilsey House last night.
Brought from all parts of the State for the
purpose, as they supposed, of nominating
a full State ticket, they faced a counter
proposition to nominate only William R.
Hearst for Governor and a candidate for
Lieutenant-Governor.

So strong was the feeling against any
compromise with the Democrats on the
part of the delegates who came here hoping
to nominate a full ticket to-day that it was
not until nearly 11 o'clock that the State
committee met. For hours before they
stood about the corridors of the Gilsey
House unheeding the appeals of Mr. Hearst's
managers.to get together and talk the
matter over. But they wanted some
assurance first that they would not be
conimitted to any action binding them to
| support the Hearst programme at to-day's
| convention. When finally they consented
| to go into session it was with a threat that
| they would sit until daylight before they

would content to any plan other than one
| calling for the nomination of a complete
; ticket.
|
|
'

 

 

 

 

WANT TO LEAVE SPAIN,

Workmen of Bejar Apply to American
Republics for Ald.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR Sun,

Maprip, Sept. 10..-Twenty workmen's
unions of the town of Bejar have addressed
a circular to the Presidents of American
republies begging them to provide ways
and means to enable their members to
emigrate and establish colonies wherever
they may be wanted. The reason they
give for wanting to emigrate is that though
they are industrious they cannot make a
living in Spain; besides, there are local
grievances, mainly sweating by employers.
Six bundred families, mostly of skilled
clothmakers, are ready to emigrate.

The Heraldo, in giving the above details,
laments the failure of the authorities to
see that skilled workers are kept in’ the
country.

SCHMITTBERGER’S TRIAL DAY.

Inspector Serves 300 Subpenas on Copa
of All Grades.

Police Inspector Schmittberger, whose
trial on charges of neglect of duty begins
to-morrow before Commissioner Bingham, |
took steps in his defence yesterday when
his attorneys, Martin W. Littleton and
George A. Voss, served over 300 subpoenas
on captains, sergeants, roundsmen and
patrolmen in the West Thirtieth, West
Twentieth and Fast Twenty-second street
station houses, comprising the Third In-
spection district, which was commanded by |
Schmittberger.

It is understood that all these witnesses
will tell how hard the inspector tried to
hold down the Tenderloin lid) More sub-
poenas are to be issued to-day, and it was
said last night that nearly every cop from
the ca) down who was in the precincts
when Schmittberger was inspector will be
on hand to testify.

When he was asked last night what he
had to say about his trial, Inspector Schmitt-
berger replied: “I am ready, and sincerely

Miss Goddard to Wed French Marquis.

Provipencr, R. 1., Sept. 10.--The be-
trothal of Miss Madeline Ivos Goddard, |
daughter of Col. Robert H. [. Goddard, of
oO the Mareri, tne Chateau Monet, near

Aniot, to-day. Desides the
Marquis’* re!ati.:2 Col. and Mrs. Goddard
were also present at the betrothal cere-

  

|
'

The attitude of these men was describeg
by ex-Assemblyman Samuel F. Hyman of
thia city, who said:

“I left the Democratic party because I
was dissatisfied with the way it was being
run in this State. I came into the Inde-
pendence League in order to help in form-
ing a new party that would wipe out the
old, antiquated Democratic machine, and
now I am told that I am to be pushed back
into the Democratic ranks via the Inde-
pendence League.

“That is something I will not stand for,
and I will fight against a j-roposition to
throw the league over to the Democrats,
even if I have to make a fight on the floor
of the convention.”

Frank Z. Wilcox of Onondaga said, “I
came down here with positive instructions
from our county committeemen to name
a full ticket from top to bottom. The
delegates from Onondaga propose to carry
out those instructions or to know the reason
why.”

Fernando Crumb of Madison was heard
to say, “I have been a Republican all my
life up to this year when with a lot of other
Republicans I came into this organization.
What would be thought of us if we allowed
ourselves to be turned over to the Demo-
crates, as some of the leaders of the league
seemed bent on doing.”

In order to allow the rebellious committee-
men to cool down Mr, Hearst's managers
until nearly midnight kept the committee
from getting down to the real business for
which they had been called together. Time
was wasted in calling the roll, in verifying
the credentials of the members and in
distributing badges to them. It was hoped,
so it was said by some of the members,
that this process would so thin out the
ranks of the body that the rems‘nder sould

VEN 6

 

 

   

 

 

hope there will be no more adjournments,
thia city, to Marquis René d'Andigné of
France was aclemnice i ot the family home

Vrovirlence, and the wedding will take place

vember.
4

 

%,,