Pe

, VOL. LXXXI—NO. 2.

e————————

OVATION FOR TAFT AT
MONTREAL MEETING

Bicger Applause for Ex-Presi-
dent Than for Any
. Other Notable,

MAKES

 

 

HALDANE SPEECH

 

Frank B. Kellogg Discusses Cali-
fornia Alien Land Law—
Borden‘’s Welcome.

 

Montreat, Sept. 1—Ex-President Taft
received a deafening ovation at the open-
ing of the American Bar Association's
meeting tn the Princess Theatre to-day ;
in fact hia welcome seemed to overshadow

that accorded to any other visiting or
Canadian celebrity.
Chef Justice White of the United

States Supreme Court read a despatch
from Duke and Duchess of Con-
naught expressing regret at being unable
to attend. For two hours before the
meeting opened there was not a vacant
seat in “e theatre, the assemblage be-
ing the largest and most brilliant the
theatre has ever held.

A large crowd also gathered in 8t.
Catherine street outside to cheer the dis-
tinguished visitors as they arrived. The
first important arrival was Frank B. Kel-
jogs. president of the association, who
was followed by Chief Justice White, Pre-
mier Borden and ex-President Taft in the
j order named. Ex-Judge Alton B. Parker

the

—~we

* and Attorney-General McReynolds = ar-
rived soon after and = were heartily
cheered. Maitre Labori of Paris was un-
able to attend, ag he has sprained his

ankle and is confined to his rooms at the
Ritz-Cariton,

The stage on which nearly all the no-
tables of Montreal gathered was draped
with the British colors in the centre, the
Stars and Stripes on the right and the
tricolor of France on the left in honor
of Maitre Labori.

Honorary Degree Contferred.

After a meeting at the Princess Theatre
a special convocation of McGill University
*was held at the Victoria College, when the
honorary degree of LL. D. was conferred
on Viscount Haldgne, Chief Justice White,
Premier Borden, Maitre Labori, ex-Am-
bassador Joseph H. Choate, ex-President

Taft, Senator Elihu Root and Frank B.
Kellogg.
Members of the convocation met in

academic dress in the McGill Union and

went in proceasion to the convention hall.

_ The scene was the most brilliant ever seen
‘ at the university.

Premier Borden in welcoming the mem-

bers of the American Bar Association ex-

pressed pleasure that the first meeting of |

tnat bo@y held outside the States should

be in Canada and that the Imperial Lord |

Chancellor should be there to welcome
them

\ strong love of individual liberty and
capacity for self-government had gone
hand in hand with all English speaking

1, people and in Canada, he said, Cana-

{"dians of French descent had been second
to none in developing the evolution of
law and government,

The century of peace which has ex-
fated between the two nations of this
Continent, he continued, has resulted in
tes of consanguinity and affection being
formed between the two peoples which
war could never be allowed to break
again.

Lord Chancellor's Address.

The Lord Chancellor in his address
emphasized the fact that the United
States, Canada and Great Britain to-
gether from a unique group because of
the common inheritance of traditions,
surroundings and ideals and particularly
in the region of jurisprudence. He stated
that Canada, Great Britain and the United
States, with common language, common
interests, common ends, resemble a single
society, and that It might develop a foun-
dation for international faith of a new
hind in the history of the world,
Che chance of laying before such an
Audience as this,” he said, “what was in
mind made the Invitation which came
the Bar Association and from the
rads of our great profession, both in
Canada and in the United States, a highly
ultractive one, But before I could ac-
cept it | had to obtain the permission of
my sovereign; for, as you know, the
lord Chancellor is also Custos Sigilli,
he keeper of that Great Seal under which
slone supreme executive acts of the Brit-
ish Crown can be done. It is an instru-
ment he must neither quit without special
suthority nor carry out of the realm.
The head of a predécessor of mine, Car-
inal Wolsey, was in peril because he
Was so daring as to take the Great Seal
“cross the water to QGalais when he
vught instead to have asked his sovereign
yto put it into commission.

Message From King George V.

“Well, the Clavis Regni was on the
present occasion put safely into commis-
sion before I left, and I am Privileged
to be here with a comfortable constitu-
‘ional conscience, But the King has
cone more than approve of my leaving
Hritish shores. I am the bearer of a
hiessage from him which I will now read:

“lL have given my Lord Chancellor
Permission to cross the seas, so that he
may address the meeting at Montreal.

e have asked him to convey from me to
‘at great meeting of the lawyers of
the United States and of Canada my
best wishes for its success, I entertain
the hope that the deliberations of the
Gistinguished men of both countries who
fra to assemble at Montreal may add
set further to the esteem and good will
Which the people of the United States
hnd of Canada and the United Kingdom
have for each other,’

,Y ikcount Haldane pointed to the powet

lawyers in creating and developing

‘ Ww, a8 well as changing It, a power more
xercised out of the Legislature than
Within it, He spoke of the influence of
lawyers in the New World in public af-

‘ra, which, he said, was very atriking
to the observer, He quoted from Presi-
Gent Wilson: “The country must find lawe
Sere of the right sort and the old spirit
'9 advige it or it muat stumble through a
\ery chaos of blind experiment. It never
Needed lawyers who are also statesmen
Oe

Continued on Third Page,

from

 

 

4
re ee tn oes nsanenanneninensi spepaonesneesesemeseaseasions

ee
= -. -

a ee
——————

NEW
VISITS HUGH J. REILLY.

+++

SULZER

Motors From Albany; Barate Twe
! Tires, and Charges Them to State.

CaTeKILL, N. Y., Sept. 1.—Gov. Suleer,
accompanied by his secretary, Chester 8.
Platt, motored from Albany to Sunside for
a Sunday visit to his friend Hugh J.
Reilly, who was mentioned in the suit
brought by Bishop Broderick to recover
on certain Cuban claims.

On the return trip ¢0 Albany to-day the
Governor was brought to a stop at Cairo
by two blowouts and telephoned to the
Amos Post garage in Catskill for two new
tires. When they were adjusted he told
the garage representative who had gone
to Cairo with them to make out a bill to
the State Highway Commission and con-
tinued on his journey.

IMPEACHMENT COST $1,000,000.

Sealser-Murphy Fight Kxpensive te
the Taxpayers.

ALBANY, Sept. 1.—Experts aré already
figuring the enormous expense to the
State of the Sulser-Murphy fight. One en-
timate is that when the cost of the ex-
traordinary session of the Legislature and

 

'

 

 

 

 

age, telephone and telegraph calls, mes-
sengers and other necessaries shall have
been audited the total will be in the
neighborhood of $1,000,000. This is fig-
ured on the basis of the trial lasting twa
months, which is considered probable.
The largest single item of expense,
according to these dabblers in figures,
will be the compensation of the forty-
nine Senators who are to sit as members
of the court of impeachment. Opiniosa
varies as to whether the Senators will be
pald under the section of the law that
fixes their compensation as $40 a day or
another that fixes it at $10 a day, but

section of the law controls.

Both rivals for the Governorship hone
ors spent Labor Day quietly in th@
homes.

POLICEMAN ARRESTED
CHARGED WITH THEFT

| Bartender Says Brady Held Him
Up With Revolver and Got
$42 and a Watch.

 

a a

 

 

Policeman James Brady was stripped
, Of his shield and locked up in his own
| Station in East Fifty-firat street yesterday
) afternoon on a charge of grand larceny.
| John Robinson, a bartender living at 49
Prospect place, picked him out of a line

 

held him up at the point of a gun in a
hallway at 250 East Forty-third street
early on Sunday morning and robbed him
of $42 and a gold watch and chain.

Brady, who has been a member of the |

| department fifteen months, indignantly
; denied Hobinson’s charges. He is 25
| years old and lives at 181 Wassau street,

Brooklyn. He will te arraigned in the
Yorkville’ police court to-day In the
meantime the charge against him will

probably be changed to robbery.

According to the statement made by
Robinson, who is employed in a saloon at
Lexington avenue and Forty-third street,
he got into a fight with a man at Shan-
ley’s saloon, Second avenue and Forty-
third street, early on Sunday morning.
Brady, who was on duty, came to his
rescue, he said, and they struck up an
acquaintance. Fifteen minutes later, he
said, Brady by requ Offered to escort
him to the house of a friend and led him
info a hallway of a five story building
with a saloon on the ground floor at 260
East Forty-third street

Inside the hail, Robinson said, the police-
man pushed the muszle of a revolver
against his nose and took his’ money and
watch and chain. Then, the bartender
said, Brady chased him out into the night
and told him to continue going.

On reaching his home in Brooklyn
Robinson went to bed and later told his
landlady what had happened to him, after
which he reported his experience at the
Fifty-first street station. He was unable
then to find the policeman for whom he
was looking, but yesterday picked Brady
out of the line.

As soon as Capt. Thor and Inspector
Cahalane completed their
the matter was reported to Headquarters
and Fourth Deputy Commissioner Dillon
ordered the arrest and suspension of
Brady.

Robinson admitted that he had been
drinking prior to the robbery,

icendenniemienwnamailias

FRENCH FAMILY RECONCILED.

Jack Geraghty Finally Accepted by
Wite’s Mother.

Boston, Sept. 1.—Jack Geraghty, who
eloped with Julia French two years ago,
was formally received into ,the French
family to-day. He spent several hours at
the Touraine with his hitherto unforgiving
mother-in-law and his grandmother by
marriage, Mrs. Stuyvesant Le Roy.

While Mrs. Geraghty was practically re-
ceived back into the family on the birth of
her little eon, her husband was not recoz-
nized as a member of the family until to-
day.

The automobile accident which dis-
rupted the plans of Mrs. Amos Tuck
French and Mrs. Le Roy it appears
postponed the formal reconciliation which
was to have happened at the Geraghty
farm in Woburn. Late to-night it was
admitted that Mrs. Geraghty had been
at the Touraine since early in the day
and that about noon she had telephoned
Woburn for her husband.

When Mre. French and Mrs. Le. Roy
have recovered sufficiently, it is their in-
tention to motor to Geraghty's farm in
Woburn and spend a day with Jack and
Mrs. Jack and the baby, who de the
reconciliation possible. \

It was sald to-night that Mre. Le Roy
and Mrs. French had almost wholly re-
covered,

SPEER'S ACCUSER 38 HURT.

Col, He® Falla Dowea Staire in His
Own Howee.

Macon, Ga., Sept. 1.—Col. W, A. Huff,
62 years old, ex-Mayor of Macon, who
has had to do with the charges againat
Judge Emory Speer, fell down a flight
of stairs at his home this morning and
suffered painful Injuries.

Before his estate was thrown {nto bank-
ruptey Col, Huff was known as the rich-
eat man in Macon. Ninety-six thousand
dollars of his assets is atill in Judge
Spear's court. Col. Huff alleges that his
estate is being dissipated by the court,

 

 

 

of policemen as the officer who, he said, ;

investigation |

rep omens

TO SAVE NEGRO BOY

Driver Plunges Motor Car Into
Fence to Avoid Young-
| ster on Track.

 

| FOUR MACHINES WRECKED

|

}

 

Scores of Spectators Are Injured
in Accident at Nashville

Motordrome.
\

| NasHVILLB, Tenn. Sept. 1. Johnny
Sherrill and Tommy Bridges, composing
the Marquette-Buick team, were instantly
killed when four racing cars collided in

 

 

 

at Cumberland Park this afternoon, while
Billy Sherrod, driver, and Gooch Brown,
a mechanician, of a Stutz car, died at ®
local hospital from injuries received when
} the machines crashed together.

The accident resulted from an attempt
by Glyde Donivan, leading the field in a
Studebaker, to avoid striking a negro boy
who was crossing the track.

Donivan was speeding around the track

iat sixty miles an hour when the boy ap-
‘peared suddenly directly in front of the

1
I machine. In trying to save the boy the

j the machine. The force of the impact
j tore a long stretch of the fence down, but
j striking a large post the car hurdied
chrough the air twenty feet, turning tur-

e on the middle of the track.

Following close behind Donivan in a
| deaperate burst of speed to overtake him,
‘the Buick car plunged into the mass of
twréckage. The car leaped high into the
‘air, Sherrill and Bridges being caught
| bene&th it when it fell.
| Three other cars dashed in rapid suc-
ceasion into the pile of twisted steel and
mutilated bodies, When the Stutz car
; struck the wreckage the bodles of Sherrod
|and Brown were hurled a hundred feet.
| A Mercer car tore by at a terrific speed,
barely skimming the wrecked machines,
| while a second Mercer dived into the fence
‘to avoid striking them. Ed Polk, driver,
i and Freeman Armsby, mechanician, of the
latter car, were badly’ injured in the
crash.

The fence into which Donivan plunged
{his machine was lined with the throng at-
tending the races and scores of apecta-
; tors received minor bruises when they
{were huried to the ground.
Brown's skull was fractured,

 

while

| Sherrod had both legs broken, bones in| patronesses and it was said here that

‘his body broken and numerous contusions.

‘Sherrill, who was the oldest of the dead) themselves classed as “lobbyists.”

{ drivers, was only 25, the ages of the

!others ranging from 20 to 22.

 

FLEA AMONG THE IMMORTALS.

Maligned (naect, Says French Avcad-
emy, Ie Victim of Parasite.

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sus.
Paria, Sept. 1.—A flea was the guest

 

“YORK, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2,

POUR RACERS KILLED | ot sermon sxrs

Jrecord for September 1 by 2 degrees,

ite incidental charges for mileage, post-;the sizth lap of a twenty-five mile race |

|

'

 

|
|

opinion is unanimous that the trial wilj| river plunged the flying car into the
be of much shorter duration if the latter! high fence and managed to leap clear of |

 

 

 

| and

|

‘

of honor at the Academy of Sciences this/

afternoon. ‘The disagreeable beast,
| was gravely said by the acientists, is it-
‘self the victim of a parasite known as
‘eishmanioses. This parasite lives in a
| fleas digestive tubing and is responsible
Fs the plague and other infections, while
ithe flea is only personally responsible for
, the bite.

All of which recalls Swift's lines which
run as follows:

“So naturaliste observe. a flea

Hae emailer fleas that on him prey

And these have smaller still to bite ‘em,

And #0 proceed ad infinitum.”

 

 

 

ATHER IN SLIT SKIRT MOBBED.

 

| peltea With Sand by Crowd Till She
| Fainte.

|

| Arnantic City, N, J., Sept. 1.-—Mrs.

ja hotel at Burlington, N. J.,, was roughly
‘handled by a mob of rowdles on the
| beach at the foot of South Carolina
favenue late this afternoon. The woman
arrived at the beach clad in a vivid pur-
{ple bathing suit, with an  abbre-
viated skirt which was alit on either side
from the hem to the waist.
Mrs, Lanning had scarcely appeared
jon the beach before she was sighted by
a mob of excursionists and soon hand-
fuls of sand were being hurled in her
direction, and particularly at the slit in
the suit. In a moment she was sur-
rounded by a couple of a hundred persons
all throwing sand.

The life guards, with Policemen Euel-
ings and Craig, formed a flying wedge
and broke through the mob. They found
that Mrs. Lanning had fainted. When
the guards reached her she was lying
on the sand and the crowd was atill
peiting her with sand. She was carried
to the beach hospital and revived.

When she came to and saw the crowd
outside the tent she again became hyater-
ical, It was necessary to carry her to
an automobile, which took her to the
Hotel Biscayne, where she is registered
and where she is now under the care of
a physician, ‘

NEARLY DIES IN OIL VAT.

Assiatant Overcome Trying to Get
Oat Unconscious Superintendent.
Wooncuirr, N. J., Sept. 1.—John M.

Lowe, 36 years old, superintendent of the

Midland Linseed O11 Company, narrowly

escaped death this afternoon when he

fell into a vat of linseed oll.

Lowe went to the fermenting plant,
where there were only a few workmen, to
inapect the large tank. He opened the
lid and there was a rush of gas which
overpowered him and he fell into the big
tank. Assistant Superintendent Scott
was lowered into the vat and overcome,
Finally two of the’ workmen donned
helmets to prevent suffocation and went
into the vat with a rope. They managed
to get thia about Lowe's body and he was
hauled out.

Dr. Roberts was summoned from the
North Hudeon Hospital and after work-
ing over Lowe for about a half hour
managed to revive him. He wan taken
home, and his conditions is serious,

 

 

 

 

 

it
Bynner.

|

 

|
|
4

|

aed Pesan SSE

 

ee ——— a
———————

 

 

 

 

 

wi.
ercifal Jedae Taken Pity on

TURNS A COMPLETE
cuss, tt "tye ye wt! SOMBRSAULT IN AIR

September 1 Chicago has had since the,
Weather Bureau began making observa-
tions.

The thermometer recorded $4 degrees
at 2 o'clock this afternoon, and the
mercury was still mounting upward. |
At 4 o'clock it reached 96 and broke the |

 

| French Aviator in Aeroplane
Makes Startling Exhibi-

‘tion at Juvisy.

The previous highest record for the,
day was 90 degrees.
Municipal Judge John A. Mahoney
was just sitting down to lunch when he
noted the mercury was climbing aie :
to the top of the tube and bethought
himself of thirty-two men tucked away Exploit Is, Sequel. to Bleriot’s

iP le gracious said the Judge, “this! Article Against Use of
Parachutes,

|
is a terrible day to nurse a katsenjam- |
{

 

TO TRY IT AGAIN TO-DAY

 

mer in one of those awful cells just be-
cause it is a holiday and the ‘ee
chinery has stopped. I think I'll go; . ‘
look them over.” At the station the; Special Cable Despatch to Tan Bux.
Judge found that of thirty-seven persons| Panis, Sept. 1.—Pegoud, the aviator,
sweltering behind the bars thirty-two | who an August 19 dropped safely 900 feet
were there because they drank too much) from an aeroplane by the use of a para-
on Saturday night or Sunday morning. | chute invented by M. Bonnet, performed
i ‘avin aa arcine gt ‘ak » a0 | Another sensational stunt at Juvisy to-
o'cloc 0-morrow mornin 5 . te i
go now?” asked the Judge of each of the! day when he “looped the loop
thirty-two,
“Will we? Watch us!” waa the chorus, feet.
and the Judge ordered them turned loose. | jury.
“It will be interesting to see how! Pegoud, who used a Bleriot monoplane
many come back to-morrow,” said the which had been strengthened in some
Judge as he started back for his belated) parts and which was equipped with a

meal, ‘ Gnome engine of 50 horse-power, had

MISS ELEANOR WILSON |Roemorenct In the alta erowe path
WILL BE IN ‘BIRD’ PLAY:

ered to watch his movements. When
about 3,000 feet up Pegoud turned the
Production Ts in Aid of Fight
Against Feather

 

He afterward landed without in-

 

bow of his machine straight toward the
earth and darted downward with the
motor going at full apeed. After dropping
some 1,206 feet Pegoud turned his rudder
in such a way thal the monoplane turned
a complete vertical circle. The machine
then came down in a great spiral volplane
| and landed gently on the ground. Peroud

 

 

Tmportations, is willing to repeat the performance to-
morrow before a committee of army of-
| fleera,

Winxosor, Vt, Sept. 1.—-Miss Eleanor, After landing Pegoud was all smiles
Wilson, the President's youngest and was as cool and collected as before
daughter, is to play the leading woman‘a | Ne Started. He sald everything went well

ale ie aaa 3 j and hie control of the machine was per-
pen alr masque to be given! re if he remained so long head down-

on September 12. by members of the | wards, as people had remarked, it was be-
Cornish summer colony and the Merl- | cause he wished to do so.
den, N. H,, Bird Club. The play, which) was queer, but not at all disagreeable.
is by Percy Mackavye, is “The Sanctuary’ | The machine, he said, did not pitch in
represents «a protest against the | the least. He made his manwuvres very
slaughter of birds for millinery pur- | SIOWly in order to avoid giving a violent
pores. It ix to be produced as an expres- | Shock to the machine, but he could have
sion of approval by the cast . and recovergd his position quicker if he had
patronesnen of that saction of Schedule] Wanted to. He wan perfectly comfort-
: able and felt absolutely safe with the wide
N of the tariff bill, now before the Sen-| braces which retained him. Estimates as
ate, which forbids the importation Of] to the time Pegoud remained head down-
feathers for commercial and, millinery | ward vary from fifteen to thirty seconds.
purposes, It is said that there is being This exploit is a sequel to an article in
considered the suggestion that the play | the 4uto by M. Blerlot in which he argued
tken to Washington for a per-| that the use of parachutes for aviators
formance before Senators.

was very limited. Safety, he argued,
Mra. Woodrow Wilson heads the list of

be

should be sought In the construction of
the machines, He does not bclieve in
automatic stability as a guarantee of
safety, and in this reapect he coincides
with the opinion of the late Wilbur
Wright as expressed to the correspondent
of THe BUN at Le Mans some years ago.

Bleriot maintains that as uncapsizable
lifeboats exist for the sea something
similar should be devised for the air. If
this is found to be impossible then in-
dividual parachutes are worth studying

After to-day’s exhibition Bleriot said
that Pegoud had been importuning him
for a long time to make the experiment of
turning a somersault. Pegoud promises
to give a still more startling exhibition
shortly,

both she and her daughter might find

“The Sanctuary" is to be ptoduced pri.
vately in the woodland of the bird re-
serve at Meriden The first rehearsal
took place this morning. and Miss Wil-
son Was present to go over her lines. It
is being staged by Joseph L. Smith, who
directed the pageant produced in dedica-
tion of the Blue Garden in Newport a
short time ago.

Others in the cast will be Joseph Lin-
don Smith, Percy Mackaye, Ernest Harold
Baynes, Juliet Barrett Rublee and Witter

Those who are much interested |

 

in the production include Mr. and Mrs. ————

Kenyon Cox, Mra. Mackave, Mra. C. «| COME SURTAXES TER MINE
Beaman, Mrs. Augustus Saint Gaudens, IN 0 5 TAXES DE D.
Maxfleld Parrish, Louls Evan Shipman |

To Have $1,000,000 a Year Coming
fo Will Cont
WASHINGTON, Sept.

and William Howard Hart.
The play brings out many arguments in
support of the bird conservation move-

$43,070,

1—The Senate

ment, The scene is a sylvan glade in a| Finance Committee announced to-day the
bird sanctuary, ‘The part which Miss | ‘M¢rease made in the taxes on larger in-
Wilson ix to take is that of Ornie, ‘a | comes in the income tax section of the

tariff bill. As was told in THe SUN to-

 

maiden garbed symbolléally as a bird.”
i day the committee has made no changes
i" the rates on income up to $100,000,
SHAW REACHES HIS “LIMIT.” | Above $100,000 and up to $260,000 sur-
eenieaasgiatert | tax of 3 per cent. is to be levied; from
Hin “Androcies and the Lion’ Ree $250,000 to $500,000, 4 per cent.! from
els Tendon Audlemes, | $500,000 to $1,000,000, 5 per cent., and
| above $1,000,000 6 per cent.
Special Cable Despatch to Tur SUN, | are in addition to the so-called normal tax
LONDON, Sept. 1.—George Bernard! of 1 per cent. levied on the first $20,000,
Shaw, having made game of moat things, | minus the $8,000 exempted.
has perhaps reached even his .“limit” in As told in THE SuN to-day the Treasury
what he calls a “fable play” entitled | ometals estimate that there are only 350
Androcles and the Lion,” which was | persons in the United States having an-
produced at St. James's Theatre to-night. | nual incomes ranging from $500,000 to
Shaw has provided as funny a piece of | $1,000,000, and 550 having incomes rang-
nonsense as any one could wish, but the} ing from $260,000 to $600,000.
alternation of sheer, rampageous bur- | Andrew Carnegie and John D. Rocke-
leaque with invocations to the Deity and | feller are among those whose income ex-
references to Christ turn the fun into | ceed $1,000,000 a year There are eati-
nastiness and give a feeling of physical | mated to be about 100 in thie class in the
repulsion. It strikes one as all very , country. On a@ $1,000,000 income it would
cheap. Almost everything in it that was) coat Carnegie and Rockefeller each
worth doing has been done by Shaw be-| $43,970 a year in taxes,

fore and in better shape. It was well
| WHAT—NOBODY WANTS OFFICE.

played throughout
That's the Cane in Jersey Town Ace
cording te Lack of Petitions,

WasHinaton, N. J., Sept. 1.—-Public
office has no attractions for men of Wash-
ington. Only two daya remain for the
filing of petitions for local candidacies,
yet nobody haa either filed a petition or
intimated that he !ntended to be a candi-
date for Mayor or member of the Com-
mon Council. Two members are to be
elected to the council.

|
“GREAT BROOKS" 18 SHACKLED,, *°# ANOTHER UNITED STORE.

‘Two Armed Bandita Get
Real Police Handcaffe Foll Wisard,

Who Escapes From Chaine, { Robbery No. 5 of this summer's United
When = Albert Louri, the “Great | Cigar Stores series took place last night
Brooks," appeared on the stage of the, in a little store at one of the busiest and
Madison Square Roof Garden last night! best lighted corners in the city—Fifty-
all bound round with chains and pad-/ ninth street and Lexington avenue, a
locks and announced that he would give] street railway transfer point where the
any dissatisfied spectator $100 if he, the; sidewalks are populous all night.
“Great Brooks,” failed to free himself Reig yollng men, ene tail the other
his shackles Detective Jeremiah | Short, poln a revolver at the clerk in
aol of the East Twenty-second street (Charge, grabbed §850—the receipts of

three days—ran through = Fifty-ninth

station marched right up to the stage, street past a fixed post policeman, boarded

“I will free you from your chains,” the/ an automobile that stood in Park avenue
detective cried to Louri; this he did and| with engine going, and got away.

then substituted a pair of ordinary hand- They appeared in the store three

cuffs. He led the “Great Brooks” off to minere before menien, Ay) tall robber

hile the audience | a8 for a specia ‘and of cigars. He

eaten ee F bought ten of them and offered a $10 bill

eS the station Lour! wae charged with in payment. Having insufficient change

grand larceny by one Bernard Stein, an in his cash register, the clerk, Louis Gold-

actor, who recently did a “Houdini”

ner of 79 Avenue C, knelt and opened
the safe. He pulled out the cash drawer,
stunt at the Star Casino, 107th street and
Lexington avenue. Stein said that all

looked up and found himself squinting
into the muzsle of a revolver held by the
the paraphernalia Lour! had been using
belonged to him.

tall robber.
Leuri was held on Stein's charge..

 

 

 

 

 

 

The play is based on Aulus Gellius's
story of a Roman slave named Androcles
or Androclus, who took refuge from the
cruelties of his master in a cave in Africa.
A lion entered the cave and = showed
Androcies his swollen paw, from which
the slave extracted a large thorn.

Subsequently the grateful lion recog-
nised Androcies when the lattef, who had
been captured, was thrown to the wild
beasta in the circus, and instead of at-
tacking the slave began to caress him

 

 

 

 

 

8350 of
Cigar Cencera'’s Cash.

Then the thief pocketed the $350 and
ran out of the store with his pal,

Sun.

en

 

 

in his!
| aeroplane while flying at a height of 1,500 |

The sensation |

These taxes

‘

1013.—copyrione, 1913, by the Bun Printing and Publishing Aesectation,

FELIX DIAZ UNDECIDED.

Expects to Receive Orders To-day
From Mexico City.
Special Cable Despatch to Tan Sur.

Tendon, Sept. 1.—Gen. Felix Diaz did
not receive his expected orders from Mex-
ico to-day and therefore could make no
definite announcement as to his plans
for the future.

He said last night ¢hat advices which
he would receive to-day would enable
him to decide on plans as to his future
movements.

TO PAY MEXICAN GOLD NOTES.

Speyer &@ Ce. Ready With Principal
and Interest Te-day.

Speyer & Co. announce under this
morning’a date that the principal and
interest of the $10,000,000 Monetary Com-
mission of Mexico two year 4% per cent.
gold notes due September f will be paid
on and after to-day on presentation of
the notes and coupons at the office of
Spever & Co.

TREVINO MAY BE WAR MINISTER

Huerta Expected to Send Gen. Blan-
quet to Fight Rebein.

Mexico City, Sept. 1.—Gen. Geronimo
Trevino, Who was summoned to the capi-
tal by the Government, left Monterey this
morning on a special train and should ar-
rive to-morrow night. His relatives: do
not Know why he has been called here,
but it is said he will take Gen. Blanquet's
place temporarily as Minister of War and
later will take charge of the operations tn
Sonora in place of Gen. Ojeda. Officials
here refuse to talk, but a speech made by

 

 

 

 

 

Gen. Huerta at the newspaper men's
banquet yesterday seema to corroborate
this atory. Huerta said:

“In case It is necessary for the pacifi-
eation of the country the best blood of my
Cabinet will be sacrificed on the fleld of
battle.”

It is thought that if Blanquet goes to
jawrena his taking charge will be coin-
cident with an enormous activity there,
as the Government is rushing forces from
the pacified regions of Morelos, Tabasco
and Campeche to Sonora, The Govern-
ment admits that the Federale control
only the port of Guaymas in Sonora at
present and is determined to make a dis-
play of strength there,

|

EDISON IS SLIGHTLY ILL.

Rat Inventor's Wife Saya They Will
Resume Trip To-day.

PoRTLAND, Me, Sept. 1.--Thomas A,
Edison is at the Lafayette Hotel in this

 

 

 

{ city, with Mrs. Edison, his son Theodore
and daughter Madeline, besides Miss
Grace Miller. They arrived here this
evening from Monhegan, where they

spent 4 week.

It was given gut that the inventor, who
retired about 7 o'clock, was not feeling
well and could not be seen.

The report is current here that Mr.
Edison came to Maine because of failing
health. Mrs, Edison said that the party
had made plana to leave to-morrow morn-
ing on their automobile tour of New
Engiand,

PRIESTS MUST KNOW LATIN.

 

None Will Be Elevated Otherwise,
! the Pope Intimates,

| Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sux.

| Romk, Sept. 1.—The Pope has given an
intimation that because of the insuffclent
knowledge of Latin shown by the clergy,
especially in America, no priest will be
appointed to a bishopric who is not
| (horeughly familiar with Latin,

LOST HER VOTE BY MARRIAGE.

Scotchman's Wife to Ask Highest
Court tu Restore Right,

San FRANcIsco, Sept. 1.—Mrs, Ethel
Gordon, wife of Mackenzie Gordon, a
singer, will carry her appeal for the

right to vote to the United States Su-
preme Court.

She was born in San Mateo county,
but married Gordon, who is a Scotchman,
She was refused last month the right to
register because of her husband's na-
tionality, Now she proposes to find out
which is more important, her American
birth or her marriage to @ British sub-
Jact.

“THE CALL” A HEARST PAPER,

 

San Francisco Thinks New Owner In
Trying to Hide.

San Francisco, Sept. 1.—Hearst’s new
afternoon paper, the Call, appeared to-
day and was sold for one cent. The
other two large afternoon papers, the
Post and Bulletin, reduced their price to
conform, The Call to-day is twenty-four
pages of eight columns and has all Hearst
features, Hearst cloaks his ownership
by putting up the name of F. W, Kellogg
as publisher and John Db. Spreckels as
vice-president, The staff is largely made
up of his own men, The Post has a car-
toon showing Hearst naked as “Septem-
ber Morn” trying to hide behind the Call.

M. H. De Young recently bought the
Morning Call and suppressed it, selling
the mechanical plant to Hearat with au
evening news franchise,

 

THREE NEW SHIPS FOR CANAL,

Hamburg-American Line to Balid
Them for Pacific ‘Trade.

PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 1.—The William
Cramp and Sons Ship and Engine Build-
ing Company has been asked to bid for
the contract for three new passenger and
freight steamships to be built by the
Hamburg-American Steamship Company,

All three ships will be used in the At-
lantic-Pacific trade, via the Panama Ca-
nal, They will fly the American flag and
will be manned by American officers
Each ship, according to the specifica-
tions, is to be 500 feet long with a speed
of not less than eighteen knots an hour.
They will have accommodations for 5600
cabin and 1,700 steerage passengers. The
contract calls for an expenditure of $5,-
000,000, It will be awarded this month,

 

 

LORD KENMARE'S GREAT LOSS,

Damage by Fire to Killarney House
Amounts to 62,000,000,
Special Cable Despatch to Tue Sry.

 

’

larney House,

contents, is now placed at

$1,000,000,

———

THE WEATHER FO

Fair to-day; increasing el
row; ligh
Detailed weather reports

 

|

Dugiin, Sept, 1.-—The damage to Kil-!
the seat of the Earl of,
Kenmare, near Killarney, County Kerry, !
which burned all day yesterday, and its!
$2,900,000, ,
The house itself was built at a cost of.

 

    
   

    

 

  

—

PRICE TWO CENTS,

——_—

 

 

_—

CITY BANK ASSAILED
BY SENATOR OWEN

 

|
|He Says That It Seeks to Mis-

lead People About the
Banking Bill.

 

HEADS A “PROPAGANDA”

 

President Vanderlip of the Bank
Declares the Charge Is
* Moonshine.”

 

WASHINGTON, Sept. 1.—Senator Robert
I. Owen, chairman of the Senate Banking
and Currency Committee, charged to-night
that the National City Bank of New
York is promoting and directing a propa-
ganda to discredit the Administration's
monetary reform bill. The Senator de-
clared that a deiiberate effort being
made to mislead the country and to con-
the “false suggestion’ that the Ad-
ministration proceeding to a revision
of the banking and currency law without
having given the bankers of the country
a hearing.

Senator

is

vey

New York
in particular of having sent
misleading inquiries broadcast, This state.
ment by the chairman of the Senate com-

Owen aceuses one

newspaper

mittee, coming as it does on the appear.
ance in Washington of the committee of
bankers representing the Chicago confer-
ence, has caused a stir here,

It is the second time that the Adminis.
tration and its advisers have accused the

National City Bank or other New York
banks of having conspired to discredit
the banking and curreney bill In the

firet instance Secretary McAdoo charged
that New York bankers were purposely
depressing the price of 2 per cent, bonds
to create hostility on the part of the
country banks to the pending legislation,
o

Charge Ia In a Letter,

Senator Owen's statement takes the
form of a letter to James Simpson, vice-
president of Marshall Field & of
Chicago, The letter {s sent to Mr, Simp-
son because he was one of the business men
of the country who responded “the
misleading inquiry’ sent out by the New
York newspaper.

In his letter

Co,

to

Chairman Owen says:

“The propaganda now being carried
on, led by the National City Bank of
New York, which has circularized the

country against the bill, is obviousiv [n-
tended to discredit the Administration
and to make it appear that the bankers
have not been consulted and that the
comimittea {ts not well informed. This
Mmisrepresentation has the effect of poison.
ing the public mind and misteading pub-
lic opinion,

“Such misrepresentation will thus pro-
mote a private interest against the pub-
lic interest, It 18 an open seeret that
these great concerns like Morgan & Co.
have publicity agents to whom they pay
very large salaries, and who are able
to create fietitious and false public
opinion unduly favorable to the conten-

tions of these great financial companies
“The business men of the country need
have no fear that their Representatives
and Senators in Congress will acto un-
advisediy, The representatives of the
big banks of the country have been given
he most abundant opportunity to be heard,
And after they had their Chicago meet-
ing and presented anew their old
tentlons and requested further hearings,
this opportunity was immediately § af-
forded by telegraph and the hearings eet
for 2 o'clock Tuesday, September 2,

cone

The Senator's Warning.

“1 deem ftany duty to advise vounghat
you are being misied by artificial propa.
ganda, conducted in behalf of private in-
terests which do not hesitate to convey
to the country the false suggestion that
the Administration is proceeding with-
out gdequate knowledge or without give
ing a hearing to the bankers of the
country,

“The rank, and fileof tha bankers of
the country constitute one of the greatest,
most {mportant and most valuable parts
of our national commercial machinery,
They have been of great value tn pros
moting every kind of enterprise, and one
of the most useful features of tho pro-
posed publig utility banks—-tha @o-called
Federal reserve banks—will be to give
stability, peace of mind and greater op.
portunity to the bankers of the country
to render patriotic service,

“it is not surprising that a few men,
having an enormous control of credits of
the country, should oppose surrendering
to the United States in any degree the
vast power which they haye heretofore
exercised, enabling them to control
credits, to bull and bear the market, to
enrich or impoverish other men.”

The inquiry sent out by 4 New York
newspaper, to Which Chairman wen has
fahen serious exception, read in part as
follows:

“Cooperation appears to he lacking
tween the framers of the Administration
curreney bill and the bankers of the coun-

try. Wo you feel that the hest interest of
the business men of the country would be
served, by a free exchange of opinion be-

tween’the framers of the bill and tepre-
sentative bankers?”
Had Invited the Bankers,

Chairman Owen said that when Chis ibe
quiry was published the Banking and
Currency Committee already had inyity
the bankers to appear and that they h id
had four previous hearings before the
framers of the bill.

“This misleading inquiry,” says Senator
Owen, “was sent broadcast trroughont
the United States, and whether intended
to do so or not, conveyed the impression
that the framers of the currency bill had

denied a free exchange of opinions with
the bankers of the country, This sus-
gestion is utterly untrue, because, a8
stated, they had heen heard four times
and their views were printed for come
mittee use.”

Senator Owen then

sourcen of information which the drafters
have had

reviewed the

of the currency measure
Among the bankers and experts who were
examined by the House committee were
A, Barton Hepburn, chaipman of tha
currency committer of the American
Rankers Association, Paul Warburg of

Kuhn, Loeb & Co, Victor Moraweta, kam