|

NE ee

 

 
    

 

INJURES CHINA'S CAUSE,

ewurnese powtiorne Pore sow cox
siprnti 4 wenn

IneaMiriont Pantehment for the Garr Princes
Fdiet Looked tpon at the Empress’
Cithmatam War fle Sereecars for the Alilee

to Hamble Mer Wintetere Awatt Orders

elai fay? %
Figo A? ‘

renin, Nov ‘ nd Shane
hal, Nov amHA MI “iniators held
another meetin thing wae
accomplialet 1, aa ' srepresentat ‘
of the Powers had not heard frot their home
overs An ad t » an ubdec@nated
date waa take

At the meeting the Mir stere talkad of the
we fetissuedt the bropress Dowager on Nov
14 for the punishimer f preuces and off ers
responsible for the preseat troubie it wae
the unanimous opinion that the punwhments
ordered were iat jont and that the edict
had injured instead f heiplog China's enuse
lhe correspondent of fae SUN con #tate on
the best authority t it the Chinese Peace
Commissioners here 11 Hung Chang at d

are diegusted and realize that
ii issuing 4u

Prince Ching
a mistake waa rine
at the present time.

fhe Muirmisters are partic lariy incensed
at the “puniahynent” of Prince Tuan, who is
banished to Moukden, which They
this is something like “banishing” a hew
Nevertiie-

4 an edict

his homme

fay
Yorker from China to New Yor
leas, it myst be said that -ban shiment to Kis
native place, where he isto be linpriser ed pend.
ing trial, is one of the mypst disgraceful punish-
f the Chinese that could be
lhis is proved by
ta It is also av
f the punishment
nh

 

menta in the eves o
inflicted on Prince Tuan
an examination of past edi
knowledged that the promise «
of Gen. Tung fu Hsiang ingthe future was tay
bevond what was hoped f

t tarntilar ith ¢) \i-
Offivers who are most Larntia with the ot

 

nese characteristies say tliat nothing should
be done to induce the | press Jiowager to
return to Pekin. She appears to het nly
perso! possessed of the ides ue :

poesit to do wit persons
gay that the edict of > | PH .
she rent to fi s ‘ eral
decree in whieh she tod . : cae ENS a
Ching would be teld vf cher
delay in the openins f the negot enous ow
that she is lacking in the epirit of meekness
v h the Powers seem deter ined to inst
in her before tu flrish ‘They say tha edict
ie re div her wt tun and that what she
orders in that decrees 14 a4 far as she will go to
settle the trouble Jt is sugwested by some

persons that @ turtles exhibition of the spirit

f meeknaes on her part n ight be desirable
of her Tie i
her to return. Others

before word ia sent ry
iv to place some one

he Powers may dec

 

 

wise ft
else on the throne and lewe herin exile

sir Ernest Satow, the new British Minister,
yesterday retumed to Prince Su thes ilver which
was looted froin his house alter the entrance of
the allies. Prnce Sa, who gave up his home
for the protection ef native Christians during
the sieges, has heen poverty etrickerever since
the relief of the lega ns

wir Claude Macdonald, the former Britlsh
Mint ter, who has recently been transferred to
Japan, left this suser in the legation,and Sir
Ernest Satow wast vare who was the ofig-
inal owner until Di Morrison, the corre*pon-

dent of the London /1mes, requested that at
Jeart a part of the loot sheuld be returned to
Prines § When the Minister heard the story
he ordered that all of the silver should, be re-
turnedat once. This is the first case where any
loot of this kind has been returned and the

precedent is not likely to be followed generally.

Tos Italian troops that were in the Paoeting-
fi. expedition returned bere to-day wear|ng
fur coats. When they entered the town the

natives at first gave them eilk ume
brellaa and banners and flowers The Italians
told the residents that these things were use-
Jess, but that some useful presenta such as furs
he gratefully acoepted, The people
acted on the suggestion and furnished fur
coata to theentirecommand., They algo handed
the Colonel commanding the Itallans 10,000

taels.

would

———

ORDER TO OPPOSE FOREIGNERS.

 

Statement That the Empress Dowager Has
Issued a Secret Edict.
Spectal Cane Despatch to THE avN,
Snanawal, Nov. 21 —‘Kae North Chtna Daily
News publishes what purports to be a secret
edict issned by the Dowager Empress ordering

  

     

 

that mi! > preparations he made to oppose
foreigners in every part of the Empire. The
edict declares that the allfes have already
penetrated the province of Honan as far as
Qanching. It is thong that if the ediet is

genuine it refers « nly to the provinces of Shensi

end llonan.

 

AMERICANS SELL CHINA.

OUT IN

 

Concession for the Pekin-Canton Road Sold to
Heigtans.
Special Cable Despatch to TUR SUN.
BRUssELS, Nov. 21--It is reported that the
American conceasionaires of the Pekin-Can-
ton railroad have sold their concession to @ Bel-
cian byndiete

 

PUNISHMENTS OF THE BOXERS.

Minister Conger Teiegraphs That the Chinese
Impertal Edict Is Not Satisfactory,

WaBnINGTON, Nov. 21—After a eilence of
more than a week Minister Conger has again
been heard fron, but the Information he sends
fa not of acharacter to encourage the Govern.
ment fn {ts hope that the Chinese troubles
will be adjusied soon Ina telegram received
at the State Department to-day, Mr Conger
said that the punishment programme eon-
tained in the Chinese Imperial edict ef Nov
18, was not satisfactory He indicated that
the punishments, imposed on Prince Tuan
and other diguitaries were too lenient, and
that some of the Boxer leaders were not in-
cluded in the list) ‘The despatch was rent ap-
parently in response to the instrucions telee
graphed Mr. Conger recently, giving him au.
thority to deter ewhether the punishmente
to he infleted by the Chinese Government
ware aatisfactory without further advice from
the state Pepartment
'

Tle ewus in th » inetruct
ntoon the subject with

  

ms erspowered to

 

 

 

   

 
 

enter infa an ag
the other foreten representrtives, first as.
suring himself, however, that the punishments
acere adequate, that thee could he carmed oud
te th: linese Government and that persone
not guilty were vot inciuded in the lists Ijrom
the despatch re d to-day, is believed |
that Mr. Conger has not caught the spirit of
these inetroet . lid not ¢ ’
wholesale d. sa

' e mene

      
     
  

dangers of the situation in China have
reased ‘ ar proposition: from

made to the ftoreun Ministers at
af wil ' x Department hae
ition Gerry vanis Prince Tuan
ther 4 rs and derejict dig
T~ } re the ters proceed
entiate th the Chinese peace plenines

ters ue

   

hat the proposal - DPVeT presse
rragent form the propos Net ae objmc '

  

 

    

 

vt and Was fu a mea awree: >) the

low .
Pois Government, however j opposed

to the principle of laying the

pel China to decaunitate Tyan an ther

tialefactors Tt heyeves that the isi

rant~ should be sever: vith, af pied de

bet that China + t detertoine vf I
el orn ! \ = we “
tarles ' 1! a

toe lr 1 Stiute ' ‘
at tie ’ ver

the Trng init '

rect shat ! ' " '
cute ! . ’ il

of the at i sand perhay

‘ war Named 1
nent

Stops the Cough aod
aa Works Off the Cold,
wative Bromo Quinine Tablets curt a col
Gay. NoCure, No Pay Price 25 ceuts.— Ta rae

CARINET MCANDAL IN JAPAN,

.
r
Minteter Aconsed of Argepting lirihee and
Crile May Result

tpectal Catle Despatch to The SU

ToNton, Nov 2 N despatel the Datly
Vou from Yokohama reporte a eeneational
political anyandal It sara that | 1 HMoehl
Miniater of Comrounteations, has been charged
eth accepting bribes, and [t are ely that
ie will enarreeted Marehal Viecoint Kotenrta,
Minister of War, hae rasianed reaquence
of the eeandal, which may reauit in the over
throw of the Cabinet formed by Marcule Ite
on f ;

lhe coreeapendent eug@este (hat the sean
dal wae poedbly engineered party pur
poses The opponenta of Lo Hoeh! aces

lin of belong a demagogue, protalie because
}a wasformerly dnapanese Minister to the
Tnited States

DISABLED FRIESLAND IN PORT.

The Ned Star Liner Reaches Southampton
in Tow,
Spectad Cadle Despatch to 1UK SUN.

SotiHaMevos, Nov 1 - The Red Star TAne
steatiehip Friesland, from New York for Ant-
wer, which became unmanageable at sea and
was taken in tow by the steamship Cliden,
arrived hene this afternoon, Her rudder post
broke last Thursday and the ehock threw the
passengersin all directions She drifted for a
whole day As the captain feaned he might

 

finable te anehor be

though if catn

| having

‘he able to avoid a demonstration

lose hls course and the wind was favorable, he |

accepted the offer of the ekipper of the Cluden
on Wriday evening to tow the boat toward
Hurst Castile. The Fresiand will be placed in
dry dock at once

 

PORTUGAL PAYS THE AWARD.

Secretary White Receives the American Share
of the Delagoa Bay Ratiway $5,000,000.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN,

Loypon, Nov. 21
amounting to nearly £1,000,000, which the ar-
bitrators orderad Portugal to pay to the |cira

 

of Col. McMurdo, an American, and other
elaimants, fur the seizure of tue railway from
Lorenro Marques to Pretoria, Was paid at noon
to-day at the Bank of England. Mr. Henry

White, the Secretary of the United States em-
bassy at London, receis
tion of the award and deposited it with
Seliginans. A representative from the kofegnu

Office received the Rritish share

the

SEA OVERFLOWING VENICE.

Square of St. Mark and the King's Palace
Washed by the Waves,

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.
TrrestTB, Nov. 21.—A heavy gale and high
sens prevail inthe Adriatic. The Squareof St.
Mark in Ventoe and the lower parts ef the city
are flooded, The King’s palace and the Doge's

THE SUN, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1900.

    

KRUGER NOT YET ASHORE,

ry

OUT THE CRUISER HES ON 18 NOW RK
PORTED OFF MARSEILLES.

Crowd Walted All Dar to Welcome Him Treape
In Keadiness Hamers That (pe Aathort
thee Would Not Let Him Land in Daylight |

Conficting Statements About the Ship,

Special Cable Jiespatches to THR SUN

Manarities, Now 2). evening A day of
docht and diaappointiment closed without |
the arrival of es. President Kroger It te re

ported, howewer, that the Ditch crulaer Gelder- |
land, on which he is travelling, 19 off the port
aise the pilots refuse to
the bolsterous sea moder
in report is apparently accurate, al
be confirmed in the present

  

wo out te her until
ates I
state of the weather

Humor has been busy all day with the cause
It has been asserted that the weather
ely responsible, the Gelderland
received instructions when passing
Bonifacio on Tuesday to arrive at night and
thusenable Mr. Kriger to take a train for Paris
by this means he would
‘There ts

of delay

Was not »

early Io the morning

nothing to confrm this rumor

The tugs Suffren, Paullne and Salinier, with
Dr Levads, Jie Transvaal representative, aboard
the latter, went out at & o'clock to moet the
Gelderland

A large crowd waited tn the rain all day to
welcome Mir. Kroger. All the soldiera were
in thelr barracks excent a few detachments
whieh had been concealed in buildings where
they could be called out to assist the police

| in case of emergency

The chief decorated places are the Rue Can-
neblere, the Quai de la Jollette and the Rue de
la Repyblique. All the yachta and pleasure |
eraft in the old port are covered with flage and

‘shoals of emall eraft flying many colored |

he Delagoa Bay award, |

ed the American por- |

streamers are proceeding to the roadatead, |
Ainong the notable persons here are M. |
Grebauval, President of the Paris Muntelpal |

Counel Capt. Hieciardini, who fought with |
» Hoers during the war, and Deputies Che- |

vilion, Carnand, Cavenat, Antide-Boyer and |

Michel, all of whom represent Bouches du

Rhone

Loxpon, Nov ti- While it is certain that ex-

 

President Kroger bad not landed from the
| CCulser Gelderiand at the time the latest
despatches Were sent from Marseiiles, there are

 

| conflicts in the reports as to his whereabouts

|
|
|
|

paluce are being washed by the waves, A |

tiroeco yesterday forewarned the people, who

made preparations which minimized the dame |

age.

SPANISH EMIGRANTS COMING NERE.

Report That 2,750 of Them Have Left Corunna
for This Country.
Special Cadle Despatch to TUR SUN.
Corunna, Nov. 21.—Three steamers have
sailed hence within three days for the United
Btates, having on board 2,750 emigrants.

 

Duke and Dochess ef Manchester at Tenderagee
Special Cabdle Despatch to THE SUN.

Loypon, Noy. 21--The Duke and Duchess
of Manchester arrived at Tanderagee (Castle,
Ireland, yesterday. ‘Phere were great rejaic-
ings in the town when the bridal pair arrived.
They will start for the United States on Satur-
day. The townsfolk set off flrewerks and
started bonfires in honor of the couple The
Duke made a speech of thanks.

Storm Sweeps Away a Lighthoase.

Special Cadle Despatch to THE BUN.

Oran, Algiers, Nov 2i.--During a storm here
yesterday the echooner Carmen was wrecked
and several of her crew were drowned. The
lighthouse was also swept away. Temporary
lighta have been fixed up

Belgian Government Snstained.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sty.

 

One despatch reecived here states that the

Geld-rland reported when yassing Toulon
that her machinery was out of order
This is stated to have been at 6

o'clock on Wednesday morning, and two cor-
respondents, dating their messages 10:90
PIM,, say that Dr. Leyds, who went out from
Marseilles 1) a tng to meet the ex-Presi-

dent, returned without finding the Gel-
deriand Another o rrespondent says posi-
| tively that the crulser has arrived off
| Marseilles, and that Dr. leyds boarded

Rressrzs, Nov. 21 — Theinterpellation effered |

bey the Socialisia in the Chamber of Deprties
regarding the extradition from France of Sinido,
the youth who. atternpted to assassinate the
rinca of Wales, failed of adeption, and the
Tlouse to-day passed a vote of confidence in
the Government

Steamship Compantes to Share Risks.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN,

Hagpera, Noy. 21.--It is reported that the
Hamnburg-American and the North German
Lloyd Steamship companies are negotiating
to bring about the argalgamation of their in-
surance reserve funds with the view to eharing
risks

 

Leader of the German Antarctic Expedition.
Special Cable Despatch to THRE SUN,
REeuin, Nov. 21. -Emperor William has ap-
pointed Capt. Hars Rufer of the Hamburg-
American Steamship Company, nautical leader
of the German Antarctic expedition.

 

For the Holidays.
For Every Day.

The

The Knabe of to-day will
outlive the 20th Century.

154 Fifth Avenue.

 

Going Far?

West, Southwest, Northwest or
anywhere west of Chicago? Do
you enjoy good food, good ser-
viee anda good bed? If so, try
the service of the

Chicago
Great
Western

( ago to St. Paul and Minneapolis;
to Des Moines, St. Joseph and Kansas
City. For full information apply to
any railroad agen | on or address
FE. M. JENKING, City Passenger
Agent, 3:9 Broadway, New York, or

F. HH. LORD, General Passenger Ageftt,
Chicago Great Western Railway, Chicage,

 

 

 

| reported

 

| degrees bel

herand conferred with Mr Kriger. He advised
the ex-President not to make any declaration
of an anti-British character lest he compro-
mise Freneh hospitality. He advised him to
recerve bis appeal until he reached Holland.
Still another correspondent, timing hla despatch
705 P. M, save that Dr, Levds abandoned
his project of boarding the Gelderland to-night

 

owing tothe bad weather

Alithe reports concur instating that unusually
bad weather is prevailing The wind ts high,
and there is a pouring raln. Tho passage of
he Mediterranean myst have been moat dis-
agreeable, but notwithstanding the disappoint-
ment of the welcomers and the drenched deco-
rations there does not seem to be the smallest
justifeation for the prediction of certain core
respondents that the demonstration will event=
ually fizzle out.

————=

EXPECT TO STARVE ROTHA OTT.
’

 

 

British Think They Have the Boer Leader in a
Corner.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Carpe Town, Nov. 20.—The Argus says !t has
reason to believe that Cormmandant-(eneral
Botha’s command can be kept well in hand in
the northeastern portion of the Transvaal
until it ia obliged to yield for lack of supplies

Gen. Pole-Carew will sail for England to-
morrow

The special court for the trial of treason cases
will begin ita session at Colesberg on Dec §,
Mr. A. ©. Sampson, a member of the Cape
Parliament, will act as prosecuting attorner

The health officer cartites that the disease
near King William's Town,
Another case Was

prevailing at Izeli,
bubonic plague
to-day

ia the

BRITISH OUTPOST CAPTURED.

Six Killed, Five Wounded and Thirty Taken
as Prisoners by the Boers.
Special Cable Despatch to Tue SUN.

Lonpon, Nov. 21. Lord Roberts telegraphs
the War OMce that Gen. Lyttelton reports
that the Boers surprised an outpost of the
Buffs (Rast Kent regiment) on Nov. 19, south-
west of Balmoral. The Puffa had six killed
and five wounded and thirty were oaptured
he post has since been reoccupied by the
British, who found five seriously wounded
Boers

Lord Roberts says Gen. Boyes ts moving
from Vrede to Harrismith and clearing the
country of burghers. So far he has killed
twenty-two Boers.

lord Roberts also details a number of minor
Boer surprises.

 

 

Strack Because Foreman Boxed Their Ears,

Two hundred and fifty girls employed in
Seidenberg & Co.'s clear factory in East Forty
gecond street struck because the foreman boxed

| their eara when hedidn't liketheir work, The

girls belong tothe Cigarmakers International

Union and according to the rules should have
obtained its sanction before sriking, but they
omitted thie formality. After the strike tras
degiared they complained to Albert Marousek,
chairman of the Advisory Board of the union
of the alleged misconduct of the foreman,
Marousek wem to the factory and found that
the foreman had heen discharged by the super-
intendent, The girls then returned to work,
The girls held a meeting yesterday in Sokol
Hall in Bast Seventy-first street to celebrate
their victory.

 

The Weather.

The low pressure was central yesterday morning
over the lake rectons, having been drawn to a focus
ina well-defined storm of considerable severity. High
winds prevailed throughout all the States bordering
the lakes and extended to the middle Atlantic and
New England coast tn the afternoon,

Rain fell fn all the districts east of Michtgan and
anow in Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota and North
Dakota. A cold wave was following the storm
and apread over the @orthiwest and In the central
States south to Mississippl. The .jine of freezing
reached southern Kansas, In Montana It was 30
w zero at Havre, and 16 degrees below
at Bismarck 't was 16 degrees below, and
It should be colder here

at Heena;
at Williston 22 degrees below
the rest of the week.

In this city the day was
showers and a squall in (he afternoon,

with oecasional
Warmer tn

loudy

the morning and becoming cooler after the aquall
wind seutiwesteriy, becoming high westerly and
} northwesterly; average humidity, 44 per cent.: bar

|

 

ometer, corrected to read to sea ievel.at 8 A. M., 29.88;
3 P. M., 29.56.

The iemperature as recorded by the ofMfctal ther-
mometer, and also by THE SUN'S thermometer at the
Btrect level, is shown tn the annexed table

-OMeial Sun's --OMelal.-~ Sun's
180, 1890. 1000 190, 1899. 1990,
@A.M. 65 gar 67° #P.M..465° an’ 6a¢
12M na? ai 69° BP. Mane 45° fy"
3P.M 71* 4o° 7:*°.18 Mid 1° 45° ie

AST TOR TO-DAY AND T0-
MORROW,

For the District of Colunoci, Maryland, Virginia,
Delaware, eastern Ponasiitinia, New Jersey and
eastern New York, fair, colder to-day and to morrow;
west to northwest winds, slow’ y diminishing

Por New England, fair, colder today, probably
preceded by snow in eastern Maine: fatr to morrow;
high west winds, slowly diminishing

For western New York, fatr today, except probably
snow flurries near the Lakes, colder in east portion
fair toymorrow, high west winds, siowly diminishing
and becoming variable.

For western Pennsylvania, generally fair to-day
and to-morrow, eolder to day in south portion; winds

becoming variable.

WASHINGTON FORE

| office force of Wall Street

    

 

PRAVERT'S pOURLE Chime

Sheate Down « fe a Wroad Street Maliding.
Then Poisons Mimertf

To month ago Joseph bo Neaman, a bar
tender, 22 years old, living at 416 Greenwich
street, took John Daly, a iad of 16, with neo
hearer relotive than an uncle, whe lain Png
land, to ve with him, Neeman, it haa now
heen discovered, was a pervert Yereterday
Ord Ne baatternpted to murder the boy and
then committed aulcide, because the ind had
left bin and had told of the treatment he had
received) ‘The boy, with a bullet to his head,
abotherin his hip and a flesh wound In bis fore
arn, Was taken to the Hudson atreet hospital
and will probably recover The body of the
suicide Was taken to hie home

Little Daly was employed asa tender of the
pheumatio tubes in the Western Union Tele.
eraph Company's office at 16 and is Broad
street He was entering the building to go
to werk when Neaman shet bliin The shoot-
ing occurred Just before 8% o'clock and the
was hurrying to
business When Daly pushed open one of
the awinging doors and stepped in, Neanman
Was Just tnside When he saw Daly he raid
something to hin and the lad answered angrily
Then one of the tneasenger boys, who was
standing near, heard Neaman say.

“Did you tell him that?”

“Yes, I did,” the boy washeardtoreply, “and |

if you don’t leave me alone VI tell more *

“You owe me money for your clothes,” Nea-
man is said to have rejoined, “and you've ruined
my hfe

Then he whipped out a revoiver and fired
point blank at the boy three times. One shot
pierced the left side of the forehead and lodged
atthe base of the skull. Another entered the
left hip in the fleshy part and lodged there
The third shot grazed the left forearm and tore
away the skin and some of the flesh toward
the wrist. After Neaman had flred the first
shot, Daly. in trying to get out of range,
dodged behind the wife of one of the
telegraph operators, who | was standing
near with her child, and she ran shrieking
into the street, drawing the ohlld after her
Neaman, dropping his past walked toward
the rear of the building. As he moved away
from bis vietion Poltceman Stuith pushed bis
way throteh the erowd and into the building
Neaman saw hin and, stoppang ip front of
the elevator, drew from his pocket a two-eounce
bottle of carbolic acid, drew the cork and drank
the contents. When the policeman reached
him he could not speak, bul was able to write
his name and address in Staith’s notebook
Atter dome this Nearman drew from his pocket
a letter, handed it to the officer and died

Aananin an automobile stopped in front of
the building a moment later and, learning
what had happened, ran into the office, picked
Daly up in his arms and took him in the auto-
mobile to the Hudson street hospital, He
will recover, When asked where his family
lived the boy eald that his relatives were all
dead, hut he lived at 64 Gouverneur street
with Mrs. Donovan, She was notified and
she visitedthe boy and hada talk with hin
Mrs. Donovan told a SuN reporter last night
What she knew about the boy

“Four years ago last spring,” said the woman,
“T founda little mite of a boy in knickerbockers
asleep at the foot of the stairs leading to my
flat. The bartender ou the corner said he was
John Daly's young one and his father was
dispossessed two days ago, becanse he was
kick and couldn't earn money to pay the renr
I woke the boy up and asked him to lave
some breakfaer He said he wasn't a begwar
and he would if he could earn it. His father
wasinthe hospital and died soon afterward,
so from that day Johnny lived with me until
about two months ago. Then as [ bad my
grandctiidren thrown on my hands he insisted
on looking out tor himself. I didn't see him
again until last Sunday morning, when he
walked in and asked if he could come back
tome. He said then he had been living with
Neaman and didn't like ft, but the next day
he told ine a fearful story. Lasked him if any-
body else knew and he said he had toid Chariie
White, the man who referees the prize tighta,
whom he knew

“That night Neaman went to White's housa
in Cherry street and asked for Jolinny He
told White the boy owed him 811 for clothes
White told Neaman that he wanted nothing to
do with him and that Neaman would be lucky
if he didn't get eleven yeare instead of 811

Joseph MeCarthy, the sixteen-year-old son of
Policeman Daniel... MeCarthy of 31 Montgomery
street, who isattached to the Oak street station,
went with Naaman downtown vesterday morn-
ing, when the bartender started out to kill
young Daiy

Neaman, according to McCarthy, met Daly
and aome of the other boys who tived fn that
neighborhood at the gymnaalum of School
147 in Henry street. Neaman workedtn Ward's
aaloon at Henry and Montgomery streets and
Daly was the captain of the achool basket-
bailteam Neaman used to go up to the school
at night and watch the boya exercise Last
spring he bought sults for the team and ured to
take some of the boys to the theatre. He gave
card parties to the bora at his house and oc-
easionally supplied them with money to go to
the theatre

The letter which Neaman jJnat before he died
gave to the policeman wae written ene time
ago It was addreased to Daly's uncle in Ene-
tnnd and told how Neaman was caring for the

boy.

     

DRY DOLIAR

 

SPRECH BY

 

On Mrs, Suilivan'’s 600 Mince Pies and the
Parified Bowery.

Pry Dollar Sullivan invited all of the Demo-
erata in the Sixth Assembly district to the

Tammany head vuartera at 207 Bowery last
night to a “grand stag” tn honor of the “grand
accomplished by the Sullivanites in
the district on election day. So many people
eame that there waa scarcely room to pass
around the sandwiches. Seventy-five kegs
of beer disappeared. After a vaudeville show
Tim made a speech

“This is a grand stag and not a grand drunk,”
said be. “Mrs. Sullivan has been kept busy
for two weeks baking 690 mince pies for this
occasion. Now as to vice

“In ali this howl about vice around town there
has not heen a single seal about the Bowery.

results”

Why? Because the Rowery of to-dey is freer
from vice than it ever was. That old song
‘They do euch things and say such things
on the Bowery,’ haa to be cut out now, lor it
don't go The Bowery is not_ what it used
to be

1. is a good, pure, clean Bowery, W bye
there hasn't been a watch stolen there in six
months”

“Hurrah! Hurrah!" shouted the woud

“And as | was saying,” continues the Senator,
*:he vice crusadera had to let the Bowery alone
this time and go elsewhere. But I'm proud of
the record made by the Democrats in this
district. They rolled up the vote in good shape
without cutting any of the candidates In the

| entire district there were only nine acratched

ballots. They came from nine Italians who
madea mistake and vc ted for me for Gover:or ”

"SENSIBLE TEMPERANCE, —

A Word to Temperance Ladies.

[t is universally admitted that temperance
women work for their cause with a desire to
make life hapyter; that is, intemperance in
drink causes an immense amount of misery
in human life, and the temperance movement
is an effort tu replace this misery with happi-
ness, peace, and comfort,

Many temperance women make the mis-
take of going at the subject hammer and tongs
and proposing to force people to believe their
way. Itis far better to exercise a broad charity
and take the position tat one’s own peace
of mind and happiness, not only of the indi-
vidual, but of the family’and friends, depends
upon sensible habits of life

A very much ereater foe to human happiness,
than whiskey, exists, and it will startle many
an honest teniwperance worker when the name
of that foe is given, 1t is apelled c-o-f-f-e-e.

1 don't beheve it,” some ardent temperance
wo ker says, who is realy a slave herself to
the eofee oun

Cast your thought among your sick frienda,
nervous, intitable, broken down women wliose
hemes are auything put peaceful because
ol tue ireitatton and friction brought about
by thetr pbhygieal andmentalconaition. In
hinety-tve cases out of a hundred, the nervour-
hess, irmiabiity, dyspepsia, kidney trouble,
female troubles, and various diseases which
such people are subject to, come directly trom
a broken down nervous system, brought about
by the daily use of coffee. Careful chemical
anniysis proves this statement to be absolutely
true and personal experiment will prove the
sane to any one who cares to make it

You may have a few friends who are made
miserable by whiskey, but you have scores
of friends whose livea are made miserable,
as well os the lives of their families, by
the use of coffee. Hard to believe, isn't
it? Many of the most profound truths are
not accepted by humanity when first brought
to humanity's attention, but they are truths,
nevertheless,

Try for yourself, reader. Leave off coffee
aliogether and start in with Postum Food
Coffee, which can be obtained at any first-
class grocery store, You will) find within
ten days an improvement in the sum total
of happiness for yourself and for your friends
about you. Life will take on a new aspect;
strength, vigor, and vitality will begin to come
back for your use. You can do things that
you have heretgfore been unequal to, You
can accomplish something in this world, and
you can @vietiy_and without ostentation be-
come a most efficient worker in securing to
humanity that peace, content, and happiness
that we are all seeking.--Ade. s

 

  

—_

 

‘court,

DARK DAYS FOR DEVERY.

PORK WANts THe CHIE TO GRT OTT
rivps rat WE Wont

Abell Standing ty Dever: Were OMetalin Sick
Setton Waiting Orders An Old time
Row in the Police Hoard (Over the Vice

Creede The Gatcame Depends an Croker
There lee fire «laces tow on in he Police Board
lust ae in old tine fre cdident York wets
Chief Deverv to geto ne the Dewt golution of
the vice probhery lhe thief oa ane ot that
was hdl thee who htow bas elleve that be
will not get ont without quking a teht ites
backed by Comrbestoner Nhe fiat where
Commis ioner Sexton et tude ee
termined until Mr Croker arrives in beland
and sume word can be sen! to hin) explainituy
the situation whiel) las arisen since he left New

York last Saturdas Aw for Coninlastoner bless,

who has been offciuily reported siek in bed at
hie home einee the troubles arose, Mulberry
Ktreet le pretty well convineed that he will net
declare himself uotll Sexton comes out, and
then he will be found lined up with Sexton. dn
the meantime all is confuston in the Board
Not since the Rooseyvelt-Parker dave have the
Comtniasioners been so estranged, and although
up to date mighty little is betng said hy ans of
them there is likely to be an explosion at any

time,
The statements published that the Board

has invited Devery to apply for his pension
are without foundation Jhe Board has not
asked the ¢ ‘bief to get out and will not. Presi-
dent York broke silence yesterday long enough
to gay thatythe reports were based on infer-

ence Beyond that he would not talk but
although (he Bourd has not asked tor the Chief's
resignation, it is believed that Mr York has,
although when asked yesterday if that Was so
the Chief siroply srotled ‘The feeling between
Chief Devery and Mr York becatie especially
bitter last week when in an interview the Presi-
dent of the Board said that if conditions ou
the Eaat Side were what they were alleged to
be, the police were being paid to tolerate them
The Clief rewarded that as a direct attic kon
hit, and the tore comment the vice crusaders

ade on it the lesa the Chiet Lked tt
mnie breach between Devery and Mr. York
came on Monday when the Board, after racety-
ing from the Mayor Bishop Potter's letter,
ordered chufges of IneMciency inude against
Jnapect (rose and Capt. Herlihy Preside net
York then believed that the tune to deal wittt
the situation with a firm hand had come, aud
when (he board decided to try Cros# at dbierlit:
je sent for the Chief and asked him to suspend
both men. The Chief is understood to have
protested against doing any #tk h thing and
when Mr. York persisted, to have flatly refused
to do it. It was bad policy and detrimental
to the discipline of the department, he argued,
to suspend men siniply because charges had
been preferred against them and before they
had had a chance to put in any defence. Mr.
York maintained his position and the Chief
maintained his, and as the Charter vests the
power of suspension solely in the latter the
Chief was victorious

It did not take long for the news to get around
Police Headquarters that the Chief and Presi-
dent York were at odds, and that there was
every prospect of a good fight When Mr
York was asked about the request to the Chief
to retire he referred inquirers to the Chief.
Several went, but the result was not encour
aging. The Chief was away from his office
mnost of the afternoon. When he returned
about 4.30 o'clock he was seen by a reporter.

“Ts it true—-—" bewan the reporter, but be.
fore he could say ansthing more the Chief
jumped up from hfs chair, :

Don't ask me that question.” he said ex.
citedly. “Don'toshk me any questions J wont
talk to anybody — I've nothing to sav”

Attempts to ask the Chief other questions
later were equally futile, He wouldn't even
sav where he had been all the afternoon This
was © natiral question hecause, altiough he
doesn't come to his efice until afternoon, the
Chief generally stays when he get® there and
puys attention to. business until nightfall
it WAR rumored thot the Chief had heen down
to the Mayor's office, though the Mavor’s
secretary said he liadn’t seen the Chief there,
and the visit. was attributed to two things,
nret te see what the Mavor thought of
plan io have hin removed atid second to ask
the Mayor information for the pollee to use as
evidence from Bishon Potter

Chief Devery had heen a policeman twenty-
two years and the board has the power lo retire
him at his own request on a pension of $3,.))a
vear. Three Commissioners with the approval
of the Mayor can remove hitn on charges, in
which case he will have to do without the pen-
sion, Without the Mayor's approval it takes
a unanimous vote of tha board to remore the
chief, Devery is not afraid that there will be
nnanimity on thie point, but he is said to bea
little uncertain about the attitude of the Mayor.
Commissioner Sexton, who has always been a
good friend of Devery, when asked about the
alleged request to Devery to get out, had this
to aay

"T have not asked the Chief to resign, and
go far as I know he has not been asked to re-
sian by anybody, know nothing of such
a move by anybody, and I have no knowledge
of such a move being in contemplation. That
is all I have to sav on the matter”

 

 

 

the

Mr. Abell wouldn't say anything at all but
thie “I don’t know any of the things that
are rumored in the newspapers. for I don’t
read them You need'nt expect any infor-

mation from me, beeanse Twill not give any.

The feeling between Mr York and Mr. Abell
is said to be even more bitter than that between
the President and Deve and. it is showing
itself in more wave than ne Mr York was
extremely enxious to have a board meeting
on Tuesday. As Mr. Hess is sick {t was necessary
that both Commissioners Sexton and Abell
should be present to make up a quorum. Mr,
Abell did not go to the board room nor send
any word that he would be there. He went
down to Chief Deverv's office and was closeted
with him all the afternoon. Mr. York finally
declared the meeting off tor the day. Yester-
day Mr. York tried to get up another meeting
He was informed that Mr. Abell was in the
building and then he eaid that there would
certainly be a meeting, But Mr. Abell sent
word he was so busy with some trials that
he could not attend, So once more there was
no meeting. President York said he had no
comment to make. He will try to hold another
meeting to-day.

There was a bit of a Inti in the vice crusade
reaterday, due principally to Bishop Potter's
refusal to furnish the police with evidence
which ther can cellect for themselves. Mr.
York would not discuss the Bishop's letter
and Bishop Potter left word at his house that
he was out for the day and would not make
auy statement about vice to anybody. De-
spite the Bishop's letter the charges againet
Inspector Cross and Capt. Herlihy will be
drawn at once and they will be placed on trial
as soon as possible. As to counsel being em-
ployed to prosecute, Mr York promises to
make a definite statement on that prase of
the trial to-day. Corporatien Counsel Whalen
said that the law gave the Commissioners
no power to go outside of the Corporation
Counsel's office for legal aid in the prosecution
of members of the Police Departinent, but
the Commissioners had the right to ask him
to asaign outeide counsel, and that be ha
the right to do so. Fle rather liked the idea
of having special counse! in these cases, he
said, as his own staff was loaded up now with
all the work it could handle for some time.
He would not discuss the appointment of either
Edwasd M. Shepard or W. M. K. Olcott, the
counsel selected by Mr. York

Most of the Croker puritiere were idle yester-
day. Mr. Nixon's shipyards ont in Flizabeth-
port elalmed his attention, and Mr. Keller was
up in Albany atrending the late conference
on charities. Mr. Clausen had no news, neither
vad Col, Murphy. ‘This left only Mr. Warley
Jatzek, who, with Mr. Keller, was appointed
a committee to ask the Educational Manne
for information about vice on the East Side

Mr. Platzek went to the reoms of the allianee
at Fast Proadway and Jeferson street list
night, and heean the examination of witnesses
Mr. Vlatvek meant that the work should be
seoret and did not let the reporters know what
he was going to do. The reporters got after
him though and eas soon at the? arrived at
the rooms of the alliance, Mr. Platzek sus-
vended all proceedings Mntil the reporters
eft he retueed th continue the exeminations,
He wae asked if it wasn’tafaetthat Mr Croker,
the sponsor of the purifying committee, had
left specific orders that all sessions of the
committees should be open to the press and
the publ Heseid he supnoeed that wae the
case, but as many of those who were giving
him evidence of vice would not talk if they
thought thearnames would get into the papers,
he theucht it best to conduct the examinations
behind closed coors

Mr Platte said he would report the reeult
of lust nicht's seasion to the Croker committee
asa whole at the meeting to he held tomorrow.
‘there was a large number of witnesses hefore
Mr, Platzek and each one had 4@ story to tell
Mr. Platzek saw to it that the reporters did not

   
 

 

 

yet any of their stories The aliliance was
represented Ly Tr. Blaustein, the superin-
tendent.

VICE STERNLY DFALT WITH.

 

New Police Brooms tn the Red Light District
Sweeping It Clean.

Fanny Brown, the alleged manager of a
dive in Stanton street, and the eleven women
who were arrested with her in the raid on Mon-
day night by Capt. Titus and his men, were
up again for examination yesterday before
Magistrate Crane in the Essex Market police
The prisoners had been locked up
since thetr arrest, as Capt. Titus and the Mag-
istrate refused to accept the bail offered for

them by professional bondsmen. There was
such a crowd of “lighthouses” in and around
the court before the case was called that the

Magistrate ordered the roo jared.
polfoe outside by e liberal use of t air chubs

 

 

Necklaces

Attention is directed to a number of original
and distinctive styles of necklaces. We take
special pride in these creations and wel-
come all who may feel interested in seeing
examples of the “ new art” as expressed by
our designers and handiworkers.

Theodore A. Kohn @ So.

Jewellers
56 West 23d St.

kept the @twd a block distant from the court
honse

When the weamen ere arraigned on Tuesday
the Magistrate tuld Capt. Titus that if he could
bring proof of thelr character he would send
them to the Island for six months under the
Vagraney Jaw ‘The captain had to report
yesterday that he had been unable to secure
egal proof, None of them had ever been
arrested before to the knowledge of the police
and nearly all wero stranwers to the meleh-

borhood When the captain finished, one
of the women asked leave to make a state-
ment

“Sudge,” she sald, “fom only here a week
TI worked in a respectable family in Boston
and when | catee bere - thoueht Was ues
eepting a satusidon in arespectable place if
vou Wil let me go, | will return to Boston to-
night,’

The women's face showed none of the marks
of dissipation eprareit The COUP TON ACes
of the others Phe Magistrate diechurged
her with af words of advice. The others
were released iver and went away reroleing.
The Brown woman was held for trial on a
charge of keeping a disorderly house. The
rofessional bond=men again tried to. ball
ner, but the Magistrate would not ac cop thew
as security and the woman was locked up in
the court prison. .

Jennie Blumberg, who is known as “Rig
Jennie” in Chrystie street, was arraigned be-
fore Magistrate Crane yesterday on a charge
of disorderly conduct. Policeman Wooley,
who is stationed In front of a notorious dive in
that street to warn people of its character,
declared that the woman, who is connected
with the dive, ordered him away on penalty of
having him transferred. She became bois-
terous and when he tried to arrest her she ran
into a barber shop and tue barber threatened
to “break” him if he arrested her

“She committed no overt act,” leaded
fawver Goldsmith for the woman “She did
nothing, Judge, except have a few words with
the policeman.”

® fe that all*" remarked the Magistrate, sar-
easticnily. “She must give 8300 hail to keep
the peace, and in defanit che is committed to
the feinnd for three months”

Several professional bondsmen offered bail
for the womar, but the Magistrate would not
accept any of thern His decision eased the
greatest consternation among the “lighthouses.”

 

 

 

GEN. WHEELER ON THE PHILIPPINES.

Says There Will Be a Gencral Pacification When
Election News Travels Aroand.

Bostox, Nov. 21.--Major-Gen. Joseph E.
Wheeler arrived at Boston yesterday afternoon,
and will remain here until Friday as the guest of
James Forde Rhodes at the Algonquin Club,

When asked about fighting in the Philippines
since he came home, the General said

"There has been no real fighting; only that
conducted by guerrilla bands, and the casu-
alties have been few. This warfare will grad-
ually settle down so that the only hostilities
will be by bandits. In fact all the fighting
that is done now is by banditti, reénforced by
the fragmenta of Aguinaldo’s army.

“Many of the Filipinos belleve that a ma-
Jority of the American people favor their inde-
pendence Aguinaldo is extremely bitter
against those who support the ition of the
Tnited States, and if we should withdraw our
troops Aquinaldo would wreak a terrible ven-
geance upon those people. In one town our
officers were received cordially by the leading
citizens. After we left the men who met us
were all murdered. The effect of the recent
national election will lead to a gradual pacifi-
cation when the news of it permeates the
islands.”

Gen. Wheeler said in speaking of the proposed
army increase:

“Lam thoroughly convinced that we must
have a large increase of artillery forces.”

 

 

OBITL

 

 

The Rev. A. P. Stockwell, a well-known
minister of the Reformed Church, died yee-
terday after a long fllness at hie home, 145
Berkeley place, Brooklyn, in his sixty-second
year. He had been engaged in mission and
pastoral work for the most part in Brooklyn
for over thirty years. Among the churches

with which he was connected were the Green-
wood Heights Keformed Church, the Graves-
end Reformed Church, Wyckoff Street Re-
formed Mission and the Pilgrims’ Chapel,
a branch of the Churoh of the. Pilgrims.
He had also been superintendent of the Chi)-
dren's Home at Coney Island. His widow
eurvives him.

lewis DuBois the oldest member of the
Rociety of Old Brooklynites, died on Monday
at his home, 120 Prince street, in his ninetieth
rear. He had been a resident of Brooklyn
or seventy years and was long employed in
the navy yard. On leaving the yard he be-
came one of the bell ringers in the City Hall.
He was a veteran volunteer fireman, His
aged daughter, Miss Josephine DuBois, sur-
vives him. The funeral services were held
Jast night at the house and most of the Old
Brooklynites were in attendance,

Herman E. Hart, son of Prof. Edward Hart,
the head of the chemical department of Lafay-
ette College, died in kaston, Pa., yesterday of
typhoid fever in his twenty-first year. He was
a member of the junior class of Lafayette and
atood very He belonged to the Phi
Kappa Psi fraternity. He was gifted as a
aketch artiat and illustrated the laat two num-
bers of Mélance, an annual publication by the
junior clase.

James S$. Squires died fi hie home in Cort-
land, N . Yesterday. © had been activel
identified with the business, educational and
religious life of Cortland for nearly fifty years.
He was for fifteen years President of the Na-
tional Bank of Cortland and at one time owned
large interests in real estate. He was 81 years

of age.

John Virgin, importer and breeder of
French draught horses, of Fairbury, Ml.
where he has resided for many years, died

suddenly of heart failure at the Sherman House,

Chicago, on Tuesday. He became ill while
residing at the annual meeting of the National
‘rench Draught Horse Association.

Franklin H. Biglow, 70 yeara old, dled yester-
day at bis home in Plainfleld, N. J. He waa for
several years a inember of the tirm of Balch,
Price & Co., furriere of Brooklyn. He had ween
a resident of Plainfield for twenty-five years,
A wife and daughter survive him.

M

 

 

Beginning to End

the overcoats we make receive the same close
attention. They're cut, fitted and finished
according to fashion’s newest decree. They
differ only in price with the exclusive tailor’s
productions. For

 

you are given an unlimited choice of goods,
for either suit or overcoat. Every pattern
belongs to this season's output.

W. C. LOFTUS & CO.,

Sun Building, near Brooklyn Bridge
1191 Broadway, near 28th St.

   

THE

COWARD

“Good Sense”

Shoe

For Children

Is really the only shoe a child
should wear. Makes ill-formed
feet impossible. Strengthens,
Protects. Corrects where neces-
sary. Wears best. Wears long-
est—costs no more than other
well-made ahoes; and without
question is something every
mother ought to see, If you
can’t come in, at least
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
“ Don't BeC hinese,.”

JAMES S. COWARD,
268-272 Greenwich St.,..°arWarren St., N.Y,
Cannot Re Nad Fisewhere.

 
  

EDEY LEFT LETTER AND POEM.

Broker Had Fvidentiy Contemplated Suicide
for Some Time.

The funeral of Albert R. Edey, the retired
broker who committed suicide at his boarding
house in Brooklyn on Sunday by shooting him-
self through the heart, was held yesterday morn-
ing from the Church of the Epiphany in Lez-
ington avenue, the Rev. G. A. Castasan, the

pastor, officiating, The interment was in Green-
Wood emetery. , 4 Mr, Edey’s cloth
rom papers found in Mr. ey’s clothin

and now in the handa of the Brooklyn Coroner
it is surmised that he had contemplated sul-
cide for some time. There was a newspaper
clipping containing the report of the suicide
of a Dr. Summers eighteen months ago and a
letter and poem Jeft by him, which were as
follows

My ParLIno Wyre: I have reached the
point where Azonel’s thread Is all that ts left
to me. T feel well assured that vour love and
esteem will drow my memory when they could
not bless my life die that you might live.
Think ef me as I was in the palmier days of
my life, and let the mantle of your charity
cover those faults which were more infirmities
than sins, eugendered in Geepopdency and
cultivated by disappointment send the
bullet through my brain instead of my heart
that you may know its last throes beat for you
and the dear ones I leave with euch ineffable
sorrow. Good-by OSMUND,

“PERDIDI VITAM! VALB MUNDTM!

“Good night, old world, good-by to all your Joya,
Your sorrows, pleasures, epemons, mp and nolse,
lleave you for fue eternal silence of the stars,

The deepness of unbounded apace, where bars

No longer hold the soul !n durance vile,

Where naught can wound aud nothing can defile
Where the pure spirit shall despise the fines

‘The sense on earth hath loved,

On wings bathed tn the ether of eternity, '
How aweet to feel from every passion free, o

And yetit isan awful leap to take i‘

Into the great unknown’, perchanes to wake ~
‘To @reater woes indeed than those we have
And hope to bury tn toe silent crave.

Tout still the creat majority is there. .
Why, then, should we turn pale witb feart
As soon, of later, {t must.

Man's final home - .
‘The crave - at least elves reat from troubles here, e
And may we hope for aweet oblivion there.

Then, Charon, come: I signal thee ‘good alght.’

Gome row me o'er the St) x, I've lost life's fight.”

OsMUNR

Styland @lub

Pure Rye Whiskey

It tastes
old because
it is old

 

 

 

 

Qe