¢@ Exposivion

 
 
    

COLOHANO SPRIVOS WRECKAD,

CUBANS ADOPTING RULES,

Warricane tite the town tow of tite ana

Vromerty
alan
coxmicror tHE CoNsTIN TION ‘ .
s s prepure. PN Wir 1 & hurricane which
ervrios 1 at th o's t ght wae travelling eighty
Pubiic Seestane Aronces | five miles hour struck Colerade Springs

Oeretion of Holding

Bach Mecussion and te Not Decided Mach today and accordiow to the menere informa
af the Work Will Probatty He Sent te Spe thon receleod & there to-nteht hae caused
‘ial Committees of the Convention ® tronetar it aeoot na quarter of a million
apecial Cathe Lespateh te Tie att dollars and tilted the fatal tnjur
Havana Nov 2 [he Conetitn fonal Cor of Pelowr b @ ad the serione injury of
met aemin toda having adjourned — five other per
» Seturday in order have the report f hee 1 darkness and tivens are un
het ‘ th Mules printed bach f Able ter tens fr hoteses ina to the danger
olegatos now has a copy of the feport, | from live wires Ay ing missles and falling poles
hieh eontaing I8t articles, of whieh were | ind trees | full extent of the damage ean
pecepted to-day The procedure was for tha | not be told te ints
eoretary te id an article and if tobedy
pepreseed opposition it was considered ne. | TRVNVESSIP'S PATAL TORVADOES
5

  

 

 
         
  

 

 

 

 
    

       

 

on eo 4 aay that the government of the | Indications that Forty Lives May Have Neen
onvention is in the hands of an Fixecutive j fost ta Crange Damaged
Committee, A President, two Vice Presidents Mrwrntis, Tent Nov 2 The earlier re
and two Seeretartes The duties of these | porte of theertentand damage to life and prop
Moers are defined in entbeequent Articles i ert hy othe tornade of yesterday evening
Article AT says that delegates miuet obtain | have heen fell confirmed by totelliaence
cpecial permission to be absent from the cor Teoeived tieda Wires are down tno all direc
vention far more than eight days, but only a | tons and nunieation {a Aifenlt
certain number will he allowed to leave at one | Tt s  knewn that La Grange, Tenn,
time, in order that the contention will not he | ft miles from Merophis, population
depnved of a quorun A auerum consists | AHOUl DMM effered heaviis At lida, Mise
f twenethirds of the delegates This article | ©'\) people were killed in the cestrnetion of
has not vet heen approved one isolated cabin, and further outh fo
Article @1 provides that no delegate * ) be persons lost their live another house These
allowed to accept Aovernment employment to) na is : ‘dete tent ‘ suse la is Ss |
while the convention is sitting, though those at « em twent yea worn inet be a1 Lado oh
present emploved may continne in their fleas Hirely distinet from that which ewert the cour
Article 47 avs that the sessions @hail be priblic " | 1 1 ;
except when the convention ts dealing with | yqjcu ign rade began anst of, the
matters concerning its own deeorum or that of J issippi, ane into Tennessee with dimin
menibera or when five delegates petition fiat y bere 1 force lot off toward the great lakes
the eessiona be private, whieh request mist he a J ae ne . o)} a o! EOC owe
ratified by the convention Thisarticle, as Was | Pha “ , » and rah Irvit Charie v
etpectad, cased considerable diseussior ] ' odloe and Judge Lott Lort
Seftor Delgado, a negro delegate from Santa | ! ig ; mie oof ft
(lara, anid that perhaps seven delegates to the) cards fr nse
convention would speak before the publie half-mile aw t ad rf
Four of these, judging by the session so far | Bates ! ue Wee Sle M ‘
held. would try te bulldeze the convention d i c nt Mae “ et ; M4 F | is ait,
and by indirectly appealing to the publie pres- eneir ril f six were buried in the rutr
ent induce the latter to force the convention to |! ’ f . 1 . ! al ped tinseratched
accept the will ef the speaker He declired | "Citoat ma t ¢ have hoe
that if the sessions were private all the men | “ «th he linear
hers would speak and help by their advice | o it co " ‘i, 7 J
He referred to an incident that occurred on | sliet arts 7 half ‘
Friday when Seflor Giberga was speaking of shorty vt egrees and a how haa
his own sympathies with the autonomist and mh s we ifem : rnin wis demolished
Spanish parties When Sefior Giberga said | “Theflrst d pocts awa from LaGrange reached
he represented the past, to which the Cubans | here at 20M It saves the property loaa there
owed much. some one in the gallery shouted | a Outs 10 FU. OOO Vhirty pin ee oft buainess
Guasima.” the name of the tree on which | reoe “n ll Le mia Sued ate mandy
Spanish guerrillas in Cuba used to hang revo- | (jreen, colored, Wa I. Moods, assistant mar
hationists, implying thereby that Seftor Gi- ager Gaither Plong orks, wife of Brown May
herea ehould be hanged Seflor Delgado anid | {Plered, fhe insurcd are Hebert Pucker, os
that such occurrences were deploratle and | agent: San Wade blicksmith: Will) Me«
would be prevented br having private seasons Namee, Fannie MeNamee and Jeaste Stafford
He moved that the sessions be private, but that
all the resolutions. with thenamesef their pros | MORDER MYSTERY IN) ROCTTESTER.
posers, be published pe eh ee _
Seftor Zavas advocated public sessions, He | 4 Yoong Womin Assaulted and Choked to
Death-Her Body Hidden Behind a Billboard.

cording to the articies
to be discussed later, would he divided into |
committees, which, holding private sessions, |
would enable all the delegates to express their |
|

anid the convention, ar
Rocursrer, Nov. 21--This efty has

had a deeper rourder mystery to solve than that
Alsclosed by the finding of the dead body of Miss
Thoresa Keating behind a billboard, a short

never

views without cause for timidity He added

that the delegates should be protected against distance from Davis street, this morning.
pispicious people, and that their only protece | The autopsy whi h was held at the morgue
tion was publicity, All Cuba is eagerly watch- by several physicians this afternoon

showed that the girl had been _eriminally as-

ing what the convention ts doing, and the con-

suuited and choke eath, > te
vention i ita turn, heeds to be =| wilted and ked to death. There is up to
|

the present rotmnentabsolutely no elue, although
the whole deteetive foree of the city is working
on the eaae Neither is it Known whether the
erie was rateitted by re omen

The murdered was 28 vears of age, and
mwnell's factory on State

by public opinion, which will be a great help
objected to the term ora-
delegates,

sefior Sanguily
being applied to

one ory

tors the many

  
    

of them not being orators was emplo in B
Sefior Cisneros, who bears the title of Mar- | street ; on ctor; i out a part of the

; rial us di 6 was
quis of Santa Lucia, objected to the Presi- Seark *) eoterday. "She Was industrious and

dent addressing him as Sefior Marguis, saying | while she was unusually attractive and popu.

that he was not a marquis in the convention. i wit oe "Thee ove, Pres remained ou
: i te nights ast night eRsie, as she

. e vit i
the convention adjourned without taking | wy. Known, left her home, 71

The) University avenue, after aupper to go to 127
Davis atreet to lool: fora servant who had ad-
vertised for employment. She got there at
about $3) o'clock aad had only a short con-
versation with the people at the door. She
lert, eaving that she was going to take a short
eut home, by wav of Union street

The Keating family became alarmed when
the girl did not return. and this morning they
notified nollee headquarters Detective
MoGuire started witha carriage, but before he
had ridden very far word eame to headquar-
ters that the body had heen found. The dis-
covers was made at 11 o'clock to-day by Ed-
ward Spucke, Whose home is at 261 North Cnien
d just around the corner from Davis

action on the question of public sessions.
discussion will be continued to-morrow

Socretary of War Root will not return to
Havana, but will eail direct from Nuevitas
for Florida, where he will arrive on Sunday.
Gen. Wood will also go to the United States
to bring back his family

AGAINST JUSTICE BOLTE AGAIN.

Executor of Koch Will Must Pay Costs --Gets No
Commissions or Counsel Fees,

 

sireet

In a decision that will probably close up the | street
several years’ litigation over the estate of | The body of the murdered girl lay on tts
’ , . | bael le the high fence and about six feet
Christian Koch, Surrogate Thomas yesterday | fey te fence. The raht arm was extended
passed upon the conduct of the estate by the | and + ther was acroes the breast. The
executors, of whom the survivor is Justice | bed in the exact cet rOn had aaee
ys e perpetrator of the ter e orime ]
Herman Bolte of the Second district Municipal | yj). ft ap Mer’ te Limes, MGs tant
Court. The Surrogate say> were ovtended and the tace had the appearance

 

of ling br
The tact tha
were found in the

 

“Commissions will be refused to the sur-

viving execater, he will not be awarded cost

 

gloves and umbrella
setothe barn weouldin-

hart

 

 

or counsel fees out of the estate, and the entire | dieate that the assailant «trick Miss Keating as
costs oof this vroceeding will be adjudged he was wal tng along sidewalk at this point
° and dragged her to the spot where the body

eainst him wasfound. B fore leaving 4s vietim the mur-
The counsel fees Justice Bolte has naid, the } derer, whose primary object is thought t) have

ssaut, robbed her she had a

   
 

' nerininal
sone il

neual commissions allowed executors and the

   

orb ty ine al t oo and th
costeof the lone proceeding amount to a liree —. a Nee ee tes th, a idee
cum. and he will lose $2,105 more if he and his | pocket of the skirt was inside our, indicates that
devensed coeexecutor, William Steencken, paid the robbery was comuinuttted
that amount, as they swore they did tt idy wasrigid when found, showing that
» George Brann The family of Koel | death tid oecucred several hours before

denied that this payment was made and said

thet Braun is # myth Henrt Marteau to Be Married,

   
   

 

 

 

 

   

hoe Surrogate eave: “Taking the whole of

tt i F AEe’ Chin i r i a satisfied that Announcements of the engagement of Henri
the claim of George Brant t boa person | Marteqa, the violinist, to Miss Agnes von Ern-t
evists, was an honest or valid claim, or that tt | of: eneva, Switzerland, have just been received
was honeativ and in good faith putd in ¢ country M= Marteau’s family lives

Surrogate Thomas approves a decision ren | at Rheims  Heplaved for a few weeks in
dered ty Surragate Varntins on the rime Ines } this country last winter
in October, 1899 Jiatioe Molt: was then Pune
tine for r petion to his present office, and he
wes cuoted as caving at the thne that the
{° given to bine by Surrogate Varnum was

ealloal huneombe, pure and simple bivecu- “Prove by Testing”

ter Steencken died after Surrogate Varnurn

dered his decision and before a deeree eould
be entered on ut. Koch left only 88.75% and
cited in 180%

FIRE CAPTAIN SUES FOR DIVORCE.

Wheatena

THE COMPLETE FOOD

slustice Chase Hears Testimony tn Case of
Charlies Rikel Against His Wife.

Testimony was heard by Supreme Court
Justice Chase in Brooklyn vesterday in the suit
of Charles Rikel of 201 Degraw street, captain
of Engine Company 14. against Annie Amela
Rikel for an absolute divorce The couple
were married in June,1885, and havetwo children the market, All leading grocers sell it.
James F Miller was nfmed aa eo-respondent It is famous for its rich, nut-like flavor.

William RK. Linn, a private detective. testified | B YOUR GROCER will gladly sell you a

I T IS KNOWN as the Gheapest Cereal
Food, pound for pound, of any on

that he had watehed Mre Rixel and Miller | standard
and that on Aug 6 he notified Capt Rikel that | , bg =
they were together Rikel, with two other package,

men.entered the house, anda few minutes aft r-
ward Miller ran out without his hat and cost
Mra Florence Hitt corroborated Linn’s testi
tnony, and Florence Holcom!, a colored girl,
testifed to finding Mrs Rikel and Miller
ovether The case was not concluded

 

or if you pres |

fer a trial Re
first we will 2 :
(on receipt of
four cents)
send voua |
FREE

SAMPLE |
package,
enough for a
family of four.

hThe Health Food Co . Dept. $, 61 Fifth Ave., New York

esZ)
5F <|
eel T
53

 

GOV, BECKHAM MARRIED.

His Bride Mise Jean Raphael Fuqua—A Bridal
Trip Through the West.
Owrpxenono, Ky Nov. 2—lohn ¢ \\
Rec kham. the Govemor of Kentucky, was mare
ried this evening to Mies Jean Raphoel Fuqua
inthe Fret Presbyterian Chureh Many euests
were present) The pair left Owenshbore at

midnight for a trip through the Weet

MAY CUT OFP SUGAR TRUST'S WATER.

ODY & BRAY

ATTN A wae |
OD REP AC

\Seve
o
=.

A COMPLETE FOOD!

3

\\

 

 

 

 

 

Owes Jersey City 812,000 and
Wants the Morey.

the Mavor |

WICHY |S HEALTHFUL!

E VICHY

Company |

 

 

    

The American Sugar Refining : : ,
nwea Jeraey City $12,000 for water rents and | A Natural Mineral Water
Mayor Fdward Hoos «avs he is very anxious |
to have the company pay up. He suaests with medicinal qualities,
tn SS ito the Street and Water
Roard that delinquents night be brought to :
time if their water was j re y aay it off " For Indigestion and

— — Stomach Disorders.
Namber of A. P. Directors Increased. | -

ALnany, Nov. 21.) Frank B. Hoyes, Stephen | So-called VICHY
oy Meara, A. HE. Bolo, St.( lair Mc Kelwav, Adolph | aa
s. ochs and William bL. Mclean, a majority of Be an IN SYPHONS,
the directors of the Ass ted Press, to-day ae
certitiedto the Seoretary of state thatthe num. VICHY | S NOT
ber of directors of the corporation had been j ae iv,

fix to fifteen

ids action was

 

increased frer Es

 

taken at A meeting of the corporation held
nem 20 last Get the Genuine
'
‘ Broadwarv's Next Set of Rannera. |
senator William Fo Mackey and Alderman |

Kennedy asked the Mayor vesterday to help |
them get permission to string banners across
«ome of the principal New Lork thoroughfares
in order to advertise the Buffalo Pan-American
The Mavor told them that he
\ would help them j

 

oe

 

|
he gor the meht one from
» | decided that he would dh

rn sinevnniinanietniminamemambi

 
 
 

| MARK TWAIN AFTER CABBY

TIRED OF PAVING THE APTER- DINNER
7k OF FARES

Coe Down to See the Maret, and Will Ne Can-
fronted To-day With the Cahbman Who Took
Him Home From the Yineteenth Century

(tah Taesdar Night Means Husiness
Mark Twain ie a tei tiny He ie going to
tea buster man liunere and sper hiking
do not let off enough of his eners ‘ « Tow
proposes entering int i entel ontoheecan
contesat, with the New York cata
| Tih tell vou what Un won te de he anid
esterday morning with ' h of roness
hie nenallys good-natured drow
It onaght to be of interest Co the coms ity
Tr eoing to prieseent ’ han fer over
chareine
tare SON reporter to wham the annennee
ment was nade grinned cheerfully mnder |
the trpreseion that thi wie a ioke The
eniile was a mieene Mr Clemens wae, op

much In earnest

neh

parently, vers
‘Tt ix outrageous that
| be allowed,” he went on, with laz
and In woing to protest in the courts
‘Do veu think con will wine asked the re
perter dubronals
“Jt doesn't make any difference whether] win
orlose If Twin, it willbe a eredit tothe lawand
justice otthemunieipaliy. 2f Liowe, it will be
In either case, Ll will have

Ise ahold

ehemence,

ashame to the city
relieved my feelings
Thestorm cloud has been gathering ever since
Mr. Clemens came back to bis netive land and
| began travelling in New York cabs The
' cabby who bas whirled the distinguished guest
<n't treated

   
     

from one banquet te another he
him aAmanandat her The New York
| catnan'’s idea of humor is unique and it Jara
j upon the professional humorist, w ho is used
to pecpetrating the Jokes himself
one eb carried nia dittie joke too far
When Mr. Clemens left the 6 ineteenth Century

Club for his home in West Tenth street on Tues-

 

| dav night he took a cub st home, he said
1 “how much” What the eabman will undoubt-
ediv swear Was a just and reasonable flmure
was named Mr Clemens looked over the

 

 

| horse and vehicle and said that while the price
seemed to be a reasonable one Le bad po wish
| to buy He nerely wanted to know what the
| fare was The cabman said that he Wasn't
standing there at that hour of the night. for
po kiddin’ or words to that effect Mr Clem-
ens asked for the cabroan’s number He says

the cabman gave him the wrong number, but

 
  

 

the cab Then he
as they doin Fneland
when they feel that they have been imposed
upon -Kick
Mr Clemens went to the Mayor's otieo
ssterday to kick The Mayor has wer
TURIN OveT the hureia oof  )eenses
cretary Downes sant for Lavid Roche, chief
| the bureau and it was arranged that the
cabmon wheee number the humorist hod
| brough? along with him shemld be siammrr oned
}to the Mayor's offies this afternoon The
Jeabman's correct mimnber is said to he 101
The license in that number was issued to
IMI Byrne
Mir Clemrone save that his giddy round of
banqueting ond speech naking is almost ended
Chen he add siy compunetion for the

~wath bh
te of reli n hiv vo
“It has all

me f '

heen pleasant, vers pleasant.
Tt is good to find a warm weleome when one
comes home, but C take uncommonly good
care never to let social pleasures go so far that

 

Tean not turn tt off when necessary. One has
to work orcasionalls 1 haven't aceepred
& public invitation in three weeks and [do not
intend to accept one in months to come. [ve
done here as | did in London. When [ first
arrived | made about a dozen engacementea
for publie dinners and receptions Half of
those T have crowded in in rapid succession.
The rest will be distributed along through
the winter at intervals that will allow me plenty
of time for work and rest in between, Of
course private dinners are a different thing,
There's no speechmaking about. those
don't like to talk about myself. I've had to
do a certain amount of it, but now I'm going
to let the other fellows do all the talking.”

“They aay very flattering things about you,”
suggested the reporter

“Just don't they.” The lion twinkled under
his mane That's why [ hand the resnonsl-
bility over tothem. Leouldn't do half as well
by myself. [ lack imagination and | have a
sense of humer

 

 

 

 

ACID FLUNG ON PRETTY SERVANT.

Disignred for Life by a Jealous Woman Who
Had Formerly Employed Her.

Tena Schacka, ap Austrian servant, 19 years
old, emploved in the family of Arnold Malkan
at .A7 Fast 18d street, was taken to the Harlem
Hospital last night frightfully burned by the
contents of a two-ounce vial of carbolic acid
thrown on her by Mra, Max Wolff of 06 Rut
gers street The injured girl ts disfigured for
life and the surgeons at the hospital say that
she will lose the sight of her left eve,

Upto eight months ago the girl was employed
by Mrs Wolf, but left, so she says, because
unwelcome attentions were shown her by her
The gul is very pretty
and since she went to live with the Malkans
Charles Spardan,a brother of Mrs Malkan,
who isa clerk in-a downtown dry goods store
announced that he intended to marry Le
Befo e they gave their reent his parents
desired to investigate the gul's ar tecedents

Ther obtained trom her the name af her
last employer and Mra, Matkan went to Mre
Wolf to make inquiries Mra. Wolff wave the
girl a bad character, ace ied her of having
secret’ made jove to Wolff and asserted that
she had heen turned ont

While the Malkan were
meone rapped at th

mistress's husband

 

 

 

 

  

itd nner on Monday
eir deer When it

night >

was opened Mrs) Wolff rushed in and past Mr
Malkan inte the kitchen and making straight
for the servant stroek her, blackening her eve
and tearing her clothing Then she pushed
the girl's head through a glass door and ran out
of the building

Last evening at dinner time a knock at the
door of the Matkan apartments was again

heard. Lena answered it When she opened
the door she found Mrs Wolff before her The
servant girlran bock inte the fat Mra) Wolff

by the and

puraned her, erabbed her arm
poured the acid over her face

“I'll epoil your beauty for vou,” she shrieked
at the girl

Then she ran ont of the building

Late inst
night she had not been arrested

 

 

TRAIN STOPPED TO CALL A DOCTOR,

 

Excited Woman Passenger With a Telegram
Became Unconscions,

New Bre~ewiog, Nov, 2t--4a the train
leaving Jersey City at lots o'clock was pulling
ovt of the Penney! Vania train shed vesterday
hoaurded by a middle-aged

afternoon if Was

woman, neatly dressed, who seemed to he
greativ excited She held a telegram in her
nand, and her evident distress attracted the

Passengers As the
zabeth ehe half rose and

the other

attention © )
train Was passing F!

  
   

 

fell inte the aisle uneonscious

Conductor Charles Johnsen went to her
assistance, but she could not be restored to
consciousness, and at Metuchen the train was
held while Dr Kk B Dana Ae summoned
le found the Wornan sufte from heart
convulsions, due to excitement The tele-
wram, Whieh she erill elitehed ino her hand,
was addressed to Mra JS) Brown, 420 Pine

  
 

un fo}

 

  

 

street, Philadelphia J "|

‘Brown is not here, G Westley’. address,
$24 Broadway Mis A bk. Wastrp

ft had been sent from New York Dr Dana
succeeded in restoring the Woman to cone
sciousness, proceeding with her as far as Tren-
ton. She admitted that she was Mrs Brown,
but refused to wive anv further information
concerping t i! She said che had ff !

  
 
 

 

i vl

a weak heart, and that
varned her that anv es.
ve fatal

 

for some vea
her phvsieimn
citement right pr

 

HAMRERG-AVERICAN'S NEW PIER.

Steamship Companys Has, Rorrowed 81,000,000
for Bailding Purposes,

Hamburg-American Steamship
begin the cor
ind the enlargement of those
hoke’ I. order to do this the
mortgaged its Hoboken property
Qo to the Motoal Menetit Life tosiur
ny of Newa ! The mortgvge

oF. a0, and was fled in the ofMice
rof THudson county last Tuetday
The new pier iste be built at the foot of Second
street, H ken, on oreperty purchased from
the Pennsclyania Railroad

 

(ome
ofa
it now

The
pany

new puet

soor Troction

will

owns in
at has
} yy Sd ewe
aAnee Cony
is cliulea

ef the Rew

 

 

 

Site for New Harlem Hospital,

 

 

  

Charities Commissioner Keller reconimnended
vesterdas >the Board of Estimate that site
in Lenox avenue, between med sith
treet eseleoted for a new Harle hospital
Presiient Gus @eoheoner and Comptroller Coler
objects to the Lenox avenue site, because it
is in a residence distriet and hecanee the city
already owns a «ite The Comptroller was
asked to investigate and report

Soldiers’ Monument Contract Signed.
The «

and S illo
and Kiverside

ntract for constructing the Soldiers

rs’ Monument at highty-ninth street
Drive was signed vesterday.
The *ueceseful bidder was Thomas Dwyer
and the cost je to be $190.00. The job rust
be finished in 400 working days, but it wae said
vesterday that the foundation was se far along
that the monument would probably be come
pleted |» 200 “working days

‘

!

THE SUN,

i
SN

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER

FLECTRIC PLANT WURDERS SLE

Company te Court on Charge of Hanning Ite
Power Honse Tae Sotette

 

 

   

The Hoard of Health accused the Staten
{ faland Bleetr Power Compan f try | eebes
foeineor te ereating nolees in the operation of
ite olant which dieturhed the alee, f re
dentaaun tl jointty of the power house, and
the compan ‘ wd to appear for tria
nthe int fs ' = ' if? neh
f Kiet i ' t} cond ‘
pevred * Sipe ‘ ' Thiet '
ire Brevis terda nda j ' rer
' tod itutitee t form of the provceedinas
in order that th ! whit have '"
tine heh to ij ase '"! i
hon ow red vat th fer f pre
eo dina abould te tn the mataur far iet
el anid if e company were convicted
‘vant had t hat down, ¢ trolley
Lemimer ne ian the e theo
freer the wri poet ih wa » ane
that entire beaten vevaled bee ark ne
te the conoany supplied the wht

 

 

Counsel acid that the eonnpar ‘per
ntedt. olant without nose. ;
Assistant Corporation Counsel Probasco enid
the eormpone could havea faire trialin the Court '
of Special Sessions — He said the inspectors of
the Board of Health who had investivated |
the complaints had taade aMdavite that the
noises complained of were not necessary to

the operation of the plant

justice Smith wranted a stay of proceedings
of fiVe dave to waive The company An oppor
tunity of preparing its case for trial

 

REDFORD AVENULCE EXTFNSION.

Gav. Roosevelt Save tie Never Expressed Regret
at Signing Bill for It.

Brook!ysn property ewners who have heen
advocating the extension of Bedford avenue
from Fastern P Viatbush avenue
appeared herore the Board of Puble 'mprove-
and after vely cone

favoring the exten.

rhwey to

yesterday some

the

ments
resolution
the previous meeting

versation

 

sion was adomed At

of the board President Groct had opnesed
the proieet, denout aw those favoring it as
havine acted unfairly He declared that Gov

he tiad signed tne
funder a nusappre-

had stated that
essmment b

Roosevelt
change of a

 
    

  

 

hensioen lane Roewles, one of the sdvo-
cates of the re it replied to President
Grout by reading the I letter

My Dean Mao Reaoirs Replying to your
letter of the j5ta inst, would say that Mr Grout
is under complete isaporehension Not only
have I never made such an admission as he

but so far as I know I have never saida
word about the Bedford Avenue bill since I
signed it 1 eertailniv never expressed any
regret at slening it. Sincerely yours,

“THroporne Roosevert.”

states

SCAFFOLDING GIVES WAY.

 

 

Five Wen Are Thrown to tho Groand—They
Land on a Stone-Heap, and Two May Dte.

J., Nov. 21.—A seaffold in
front of a building in courre of erection on
liver «treet wave way this morning
and five men emploved hy Contractor
Gleek were precipitated twenty feet to the
ground, daling ona heapofstones. Themen
tried to get down when the scaffold began
to shake but one of them fell and this
caused the whole thing to sive way.
Raffaele Natto of @ Brook street had his
iaw broken and was hurt internally It
thought that heeannot survive Daniel Bogert-
man, 70 yeats old, of North Sixth street, had
his shoulder dislocated and is also hurt inter-
nally The other men were not seriously in-
tyred All but one were taken the General
lospital

PATERSON, N

SMUGGLING WHISKEY INTO JAIL.

Harlem Prison Operator Uses a Pole With a
Hook —- Caught at It.

Whisker haa been emugzied into the Harlem
court prison lately and the keepers were unable
to find out how until yesterday
Chief Clerk Philip Bloch, happening to look
out of the window in the court Into the prison
vard yesterday morning,was astonished to see
a young man standing on the wall surrounding
the jail with a long pole in his hands, A flask
of whiskey was fastened at the end of the
pole and an arin outstretched through the
vars of a second-story window was trying to
wrab the bottle. He wa about to sueeaed
when the man with the pole caught sight of
Clerk Bloch watching the operation and, drop-
ping the pole, disappeared. The arm. was
jerked in. The prison keepers will watch for
a second attempt,

PAMOUS PRIVATEER WRECKED.

 

 

 

Oldest V easel Flying the Stars and Stripes Comes
to Grief.

Rancon, Me, Nov. 21 ~The ancient schooner
Polly, bound from Bangor for Boston with
75.000 feet of lumber, has been wrecked at
North Brooksville,Me The Polly wasthe oldest
vessel fivirg the Stars and Stripes. She was
bollt at Amesbury tn 1805, and hafled from
tockland. During the War of 1812 she was a

privateer It ‘id that the vessel fonght
seores of battles during '! ose days and captured
no less than eleven stich vessels as prizes.
She was captured once herself when her come
roander was lying ill in his bunk, but it was not
very long before the Yankees got her back
awain, and «be has been flying the Stars and
Stripes ever since

ie s

 

EXACTED FEES FROM SICK POOR.

Pretended Health Hoard Physictan Arrested
for Charging for Prescriptions.

The Board of Henlth has heen receiving
complaints for the Inat two months from the
tenement districts in the upper sectiort of the

 

eity that a4 man representing himself to be a
Board of Health physician was visiting the
sick Poor and exacung Irom le to 25 cents for

every prescriplion he gave. Detectives were
eet to look for the man and vesterday they ar-
rested James KE. Wallace, §1 vears old, at 1704
Third avenue, whom they are positive is the

man they want. Wallace protested that he
was really a Board of Health physician, but
he was unable to produce eredentials. He

was held for examination to-day

 

  

  
  

You're Cheating

And you're cheating your-
self, too, You are trying to
make yourself believe that your
cough doesn't amount to much.
What about that family history
of weak lungs? Stop cheating
and take Ayer’s Cherry Pectoral.
It soothes your throat, quiets
out cough, heals your lunge.
he first dose relieves,

 
     
   
   
   
   
     
      

Threo sires: M%e., enough for an
cold; Sve., Just right for asthma, bronchitis,
hoarsevess, whooping - cough, hard colds;
$1.0, most economical for chronic cases.

 
      
 

WESTERN
Champagne

receive ‘Only
Gold Medal

awarded to any American
Champagne at the Paris
Exposition of 1900,

PLEASANT VALLEY WINE CO.,

Sole Makers, Khetms, NX. ¥,
Sold by all Respectable Wine Dealers.

 

 

The most marvellous toned
Concert Grands
now on exhibition and sale
Also in four smaller sizes
130 FIFTH AVE., Cor. 16th 8&

i
SERRE

| Cloud family
| vears airo, and own considerable lanc
| Dark Cloud and his
l the winter in this city to further the educa-

AGAINST DRIVEN WELLS;

wiat PAY FOR TANDS SUCKED
pnd WY HROOIVS av ate

cnmy

Thie Court of Appeale Decteton War Cut the
Herough'« Woter Sapolr in Ewe and Coat
the Cite Willtons The Spring Creek Pamp-

May Have to Ne Abandoned

The Couet of Ape ne mf rendered a

cripgee the

We

ing Statlon

wy atey f the bere f We ‘ ' othe
Meo " ! award Ohm char we t Henin
lexronteaperpetua
peratina
imping
tities ' oly the er supply
f Mroohly wedil likelihood is that
alledupen thoruy tomakegood
aacmresating @1.500,000 No hundred
te are pending vmrinet the . but
heen antl the Court of

ty fron

na (reek |

tipe water

the city will bee

Marinate
similar «9
they back

have held

Appenis decided the Borbell ease, which Was in
reaitvena

Farner

lneornt ft spring

eat ouse
Ad-
and

owned farming lands
Creek and falsed celery
whieh lara

water

Forbell
anes amount
He
avcten: drained all th
erent? his
land
of celery and water cresses and that he
suffered pecuniicy dainages bharmer Forbell
brought forward many witnesses and some
of the engineers employed the Water De-
wipelled to testify that the

eked water from all
the binds within a radius of at least five miles

Supreme Court J Wilmot M. Stith
decided in favor of Forbell and awarded him
$6,000) darnaes The earried the case
to the Appellate Division, which reversed the
verdict Forbell then carried the case
to the Court of Appeals, which sustains Justice

require oa

the

water «
stipply
and

of water tleged that

sor -treames

farm and that,

tes
creeks ndt aare

colt, hie farn heeame tseless for the

growl!

by
partioent were oe

ition its

puruping st
istice
eity

Mr

Smith's decision
Assistant Corporation

had charge of the caae,
have fought it with all the eneres

Counsel Carr, who
said yesterday “|

I haa and

fo am disappointed We have already more
than 100 exses pending this decision and
how there wi he five times AS Inany more
Every farmer within miles of a driven well
wil mie the ate and we cant get
away from the fact that many of then
have good grounds = The farmers have an

this and they will etand together
When they could summon into court our own
engineers and have them testify that we sucked
thelanddry foraradius of five miles, whatcould
weexpect? It ian't the farmers alone who will
bring suits, but every clam digger and ftisher-
man and ovater man from here to Massapequa
will be after And what can we answer?
We must face the meaning of this decision now,
and that meaning is all too clear. It means
that those who have charge of the water supply
of Brookivn must make up their minds to do
something big and do it quick. I don't know
what they will do, but the present supply is
doomed To be exact, Brookiyn gets 49 per
cent. of its anuual water supply from the driven
wells. Take away this supply and where are
we! The situation doens't need much comment.

“The (rst step will probably be the condemna-
tion of the property. of this man Forbell, but
what are we to condemn, hia whole property
or merely his water right? and if we condemn
his land, where does that lead’ Shall we con-
demn and purchase all the land in the water
supply system’?

‘ bie kngineer Van Buren of the water au
ply aystem sald: “It looks as if they would
stop all our driven wells and that would render
the system: worthless as a supply to Brooklyn,
If they would let us go into Suffolk county
we would probably get enough from the gravity
supply to fill the place of the driven wells.
This decixion looks to ma like the most eerious
blow which eould possibly be struck at the
Ridgewood system.”

“The decision,” said Engineer De Varona,
“practically warns ‘Get off the island and find
anew watersupply.” Where that will be found
] can't say.”

Chief Engineer Rirdaall said: “What we
feared has happened. We feared {t, because
we had practically the same experience in the
Croton shed years ago. e paid damages
vear by year, and finally decided it would be
better to own the lands required to protect the
city. In 1803 we were in very much the same
congition in the Croton as we now are in the
Brookivn shed Bul now We are out of that
diMficulty. It has cost a good deal, but it bas
proved best for the city

"We own the land ou the sides of the Croton
River from tidewater up to the big reservoir
and at Cornell Pam, whieh covers 5,000 acres
We have bought 8,000 just to protect the city
against Gamage suite. My sympathy was
aiwave Wich Brooklyn because she had hard
work (0 raise money to keep ®oing. She could
not afford to buy any more land than was ac-
tually needed for pumping stations, 4c. Bhe
Wis able to do nothing rewarding purchase
ot lands below the point of diversion, all of
the court now holds is entitled to dam-

interest in

whict
ages”

Mr. [Birdsall suggested that the best thing
to do would be for the Legisliture to allow

a commission to be appointed to take up the
whole matter without delay. He said that
if toe Board of Estimate would grant $1,000,000
the eity could go ahead and get ite mape and
proceed with the appointment of the com-
mnissioners who are to condemn Jand

“Tne Cocmion,” he paid, “sirnaply stone us
from deine what was alway? done in the Brook-
Ivn wa hed If more water was needed
they sionir bought two or three acres of land
and ult a pumping station, Now the court
says we nist either take all the land aflected
ar alse pay the owner damaces. I think that
the qroount of damages that the eity will now
have ty pay through this decision will be about
$150,008

missioner Dalton of the Department of

ater Supniy said that the confirmation of the
decision was most unfortunate for the city,
for it undoubtedly meant abandoning the
expensive pumping station or elae condemnin
and acquiring extensive water rights at hi f
prices. Comptroller Coler sald that he thouahe
the importance of the deciston
uggerated He saw no reason
should lose millions

INDIANS IN) PUBLIC SCHOOL.

  

 

  

WAS OX-
why the city

 

The Two Littie Dark Clouds First of the Race
to Enjoy That Privilege.

The fret Indlana ever admitted as puplis
at a public school In the city of New York
nre two who entered School 45 ir, West Twenty-
fourth street yesterday. Ther are Beulah
and Bessie Dark Cloud. Beulah fs 16 years old
and hae attended school in Montreal. Bessie,
the tepleal Indian child of 6 years, restless,
quick ana vivacious, entered the kindergarten
grade. Dark Cloud, the father of the children,

haa been a model for prominent artists here,
Including Remington ang Deming. The mother
a woman of exceeding beauty, is a full-blood
Aberaki, and her husband is of the same tribe
and a well-educated Indian who during the
summer “lectures” for medicine companies

The Abennki Indians were formerly of the
Algonquin Confederation and resident in the
northern part of the State of Maine. In 1788

! they were driven into Canada, where they found

refuge on St. Francis Island There are 1,000

lof them living on the island now, proeperous

farmers and noted basket makers, The Dark
removed to Lake George forty
there
wife decided to spend
tion of their children, and through the influ-
ence of Mrs. Harriet Maxwell Converse, who
has tong been interested in the Indians of New
York State, the children have been admitted
40 a public school

Miss Tait, principal of School 45, invited Mrs
Converse sesterday to address the children
of the sehool and present the Indian children
to their future companions

AID FOR FROCIVISO FAMILY.

Many Come to Their Rellef Babe for Whom
Doctor Made Swaddies Doing Well.

Neighbors of Mrs. Lizzie Frociviso who lives

at 225 Kent avenue, Williamsburg, have re-

Heved the wants of the familw since their desti-
tute condition became Known om Monday Dr
Murphy of the Dastern District Hospital, was
called to their rooms after Mre. Prociviso had
riven birth toa child, and no clothes having
een provided forthe new born babe the doctor
improvised seme from old flannels Besides
the baby there are Uhree other children. Mrs
Frociviso’s husband, on account of an injured
foot has been unable to get work Neighbors
give tiumoan etecellent reputation. Mr. Fro-
civise and her babe are doing well) Neighbors
aresupplving the family with food andstrangers
have called and left a little clothing for the
children

 

The Rev. Thomas kK. Beecher's Will.
Euwina, N.Y, Nov. 21--The will of the late
Rev. Thomas K. Beecher, who was a brother
of Henry Ward Beecher, and who died last
Mareh, was admitted to propate in this city

to-day. Mr. Beecher left all his property to
his widow. The valueof the real estate does

aot exceed $200 and that of the personal property

is estimated at $3.h0

“The Appeal to Reason"' May Be Published
Here.

Topeka, Kan, Nov, 21--) A. Wayland, edi-
tor of The Appea’ to Reason, arabid Socialist
paper, published at Girard, Kan, announced
to-day that he would move hie plant to New
York or Indianapolls lhe paper is issued
once a week and the last edition is saidto have
numbered a few thousand less than a million,

A |

    

a complete outftt for the room.

MUSLIN CURTAINS.
Plain and figared, ruffled and tamboured, with cut edges.

IRISH POINT CURTAINS.

_ Not expensive, but stylish and serviceabie from every standpoint,
Colors--whtte, or toory; designs -after the Renaissance or Brussels.

PHRYGIAN LACE CURTAINS.

Dainty and refined, besides being erclusfbe and rare.
sisting of full stse, sash sise, by the yard and as bed spreads; match-

SWISS TAMBOURED LACES.

The most conserbatibe of all, are not forgotten in our representation.

SAXONY BRUSSELS LACES.

The purest and most real of all the lace family.
as distinguished from most other kinds.

REAL RENAISSANCE LACES.

ing in pattern.

Our own patterns at all prices.

Among our
CARABIA LACES

there are novelties with heavy ruffles, suitable fordining room or library.
Designs made to order a specialty.

The beautiful, colored
CRETE CURTAINS

are shown in new and stylish effects not often seen.
needed and heavy hangings are inappropriate for the parpose in biew,
these light, rich curtains, with almost a stained glass effect, are most

Lace Panels for Doors.

satisfactory.

Can be had by the yard tn the same patterns as the curtains.

Broadway § 19th street,
WITH EVENING DRESS

a warm underwear is necessary, but one that will fit perfectly

 

and not ride up.

KOTEDSILK

{s desirable in both those particulars and is also a safeguard
against the sudden chills often experienced on leaving a heated
It isa double fabric with silk next the
skin, and being a non-conductor equalizes warmth and vi-

ballroom or theatre.

tality.

All Leading Stores, and

Kotedsilk Underwear Co.

and 70-72 FRANKLIN ST.
NEW YORK CITY ....

   

IN COLOMBIA.

FIGHTING GOES ON

No Indication of an Early Settlement of the
Revolt.

PaxaMa, Nov. 18.~-Notwithstanding the many
encouraging reports that are occasionally pub-
lished {n reference toa cessation or suppression
of the internal troubles of this country peace
appears to be yet far off. It is generally known,
despite the censors, that the Government troops
at Cauca capitulated to the insurgents, but that
detachments of troops from Bogota were to be
sent to redeem the Government losses. Prob-
ably the battle has taken place by this date, but
no one knows bere, for litle but official news is
allowed to get out

The port of Buenaventura bas been closed,so
hot has the fighting been down there. In facr,
a report was current here a fuw days ago that
the insurgents were in possession of the place
This news is not yet confirmed

The Prefect of Cheppo, which is to the east
of Panama, rushed to the Governor of this De-

yartinent on Oct. 24 and reported an invasion
y 400 men under Gen. Alspure It was a false
alarm caused by his having met a4 party of the
recently disbanded men who attacked Panama
in July last.

Residents of Panama were furtherJalarmed
on Sunday last he Government ordered the
closing of all shopsat SP. M andtiat the streeta
be cleared of persons at that lour, Several
arrests of foreigners and natives took place as
the result of tightening the restrict ons of martial
law under which we have been living for some
months past. J

The general opinion is that the Government is
stronger than the insurgent party. nevertheless,
the blessing of peace still appears far off

 

NISTORIC PAPER MILL PIRED.

Belonged to City of Paterson, Which Took It
for Back Taxes.

Parenson, N. J, Nov. 21--The Ivanhoe
Paper Mill, adjoining the Rogers Locomotive
Works, was set on fire late this afternoon by fire-
bugs. The historic old paper mill has not been
occupied for several years, except a® a store-
house for flax waste by Logan Hodge John
Hodge, hisson, saw three men min from the rear
of the mill this afternoon and almost at the
@ame moment fire was seen in the waste A
general fire alarm called out the whole fire de-
partment, as the Rowers Locomotive Works
were in danger The paper mill is owned by the |
elty, having been bought in for taxes

 

 

Governor a Patron of Colambia Juantor Ball.
Gov. Roosevelt has accepted the invitation of

the Junior clase of Columbia University to act
as apatron of the annual Christmas ball of the
class, to be held at Sherry’s on Dec. 21

 

 

 

me

W. & J. Sloane

Our extenstve Fall showing of
LACE CURTAINS,

in all the favored hinds, should command untbersal attention.
the nobel features of this collection is the perfect matching of destans
in full sine and in sash sise cartains and in bed spreads, thus making

In sets cone

Always white,

When color ts

P af

=

es"

MILLBURY, MASS

ee

 

ews

Gas Range
Econom

 

 
 
 
 
 

bearance.

 
 

or sold at all offices of the

ew Amsterdam G
Company,

   

 

Philippine Exhibition Company,

tion Company
a capital of $@),00%
pany are to

to-day with
ets of the com-
tthe Pan-American Ex-
position in Buffalo next spring 4 representation
customs and induetries
Mhilippine Islands,

of the life,
of the inhabitants of
including a typical Philippine village, and also
toexhibit samples of the produc of the Philip-

Moconneu of

=~,

New Warden of Clinton Prison,

lreasurer George
Devo of Ellenville, Uister eounty, has been ap
pointed warden ©

mora, to fill the vacancy esused by the death

aaa