\

 

i
3
c
”

 
 
 
 
 
 
  

A

wv

PONY PETS AT THE SHOW,

WECM ATTENTION PAID TO rar Ane.
14Npa AT THR MORNING ARSON

The Third Day at the Garden « Mine One for
Lecal Whipe Hostenians, VRitadeiphiane
and Canadians Secare Wany Hive Kibbons

Driving Competitions Show Mfference in
Stytes of Pratesionals ahd Amateurs Regt.
neld W. Hives Drives Biack Venus to Vir~
tory — Mitchell Harrtsen's Lord Ro every
Dies of Paeamonta§ Jumpers in the Hing.

our intercity Hore Shaw peased ita third
qiconeafsl day and evening yesterday nt M uil-
son Bquare Garden, The cold wave of the
late afternoon brought comfort to the women
e(th new Purtiatan gowns not built for lawn
party weather The white enaemble was not 80
manifest in the boxes,darker or more vivid colors
predominating, The change in the weather was
not ao comforting to the horse owners or the
stable attendanta, for in the transition from
heat to cold they foresaw all sorts of futuro
ills to their equine stars. Society was on hand
i) day long, but the strongest muster, as al-
ways, was at night. There were some men
np the boxes or on the ring walk who boasted
hat they have been at every one of the sixteen
annual shows, but of course no woman would
admit this. Yet many familiar faces were
missed and mourned~some merely missed and
not mentioned
The delay in starting, for the evening judging
did not begin until 8:30 o'clock, gave every
pportunity to walk among the straw-bedecked
statis below stairs, by no means the least in-
terseting part of the show. The horses seemed
ro enjoy the attention they were receiving.
Those in box stalls stuck out their heads to be
patted, while those which were tied with heads to
the mangers must have got sore throats from
«winging about in their efforts to make friends
withthe passersby, The ponies tiedinthis way
sometimes fret so that they have to be turned
sround, for they are as fond of petthig as a
spaniel at a bench slow. Some of the stalls
hold a poir of ponles and ip one box stall was
the winning combination of four-of-a-kind.
Occasionally an owner would enter @ box stall
to show off its occupant at close quarters to
hia friends, usually a erty of women. This
would be the occasion of a blockade in the
narrow atable aisle, for every one abont would
crowd for the open door to seo what was going

 

 

4 striking contrast to the long lires efbays
! browns are John 8. Bratton's two cream
They elways heid a “gallery”
their own The selection Linder played
when the gig horees had the ring, “Sadie, My
Lady,” according to the prosxranime was com-
posed by Bratton, The friends of the noted
whip all insisted that it could be by no oer
Bratton.

delphians,

iored ponies

\f
i

 

Canadians and other exhibitors

|

By the way, the Bostonians, Phila- |

from places far from the Bowery rather seooped |

 

the metropolitan entrants in the gathering up
ef blue ribbons. Taken as a whole it was a
bine Wednesday for the home talent. At
nicht, however, New York whips more than
held their own,

Hackneys and ponies had about an even
place among the classes with the harness
horses, saddiers and hiuntegs The shagey

mared Shetiands, particulariv the foals thet
frolicked, were the pets of the armartiy dressed
children who vieited the -talls, and the ponies
under caddie and in harness wrought them up
tou a glove-splitting state of enthusiasm at

the morning session But the Class
ef ten Shetland statlions that opened
the evening judging did not arouse much en-

®iusiasin, although each one of the sturdy
little champions pawed the tanbark lustily
and did its beat to be the whole ahow It re-

sembled a little band of midgets trying to

 

fill! an opera house stoge After the
peny  stafious the dealers had the
ring with «a elass of harness horses,

the clanging of iron shoon and the rumbling |

of wheels at the Fourth avenue end preceding
the dash into the ring. The horses had to ex-
ceed 15.2 hands, but any sort of propriate

vehicie was let in, the lack of uniformity in |

the trans being an attraction rather tian other-

wise. Professional drivers and dealers held
the ribbons, of course, bur in the next class,
for the best horse = svituble for a
gig. the prize being the Waldorf-Astoria |

challenge cup, nene but arorents were allowed
to drive It was interesi g to commare the
str lg of the three classes of crivers Tle intre-
diiction of the special classes for dealers. by
the way, has proved a success It is said that
several of the saddle horse «lesces at the next
show will he limited to emeteur tides erly
Thefirst Impression was that the professionale
were more nervous than the amateurs, This
nov well have been, because they had nore
pt stake. To win meant thot the lucky might
add $500 to the value of the hor-e in the shafts,
while to win the cup only meant that a couple
of hundred would have to be epent to fill it up.
The professionals who drove inclu ded George A.
Saportas, John Bratton, County Valenty, ©. A.
Plate and John Arthur, The first two wor
tie white box coats, but the others were
et odds as to attire. Soportas, who only a
few years ago was an amateur, had quite the
terrer hands and style, but Arthur and Valenty
had nearly as good a method. Bratton, as
einl, fiddled too much with his hands, while
mest of the others bent forward, in typieal
croom style when out alone, and held f} ‘ir
vac with the grip of a vise. Sanortas had the
we to win the first and third ritbons, Arthur
tett ig the second and Bratton the fourth
‘ere mieht bave been a panic in the money
market to-day if there had been anv serious
accidents in the ele class, for there were many
men of millions out as whips, Ther Qe
feurs who sre Howard Willets, Fo o~D
Jordan, T \8 on, Dr Wentz, Joseph F
Widener, Frederick G. Bourne, W H. Barnard,
H CC Hoskier and A_C Bostwick The last
named first “tooled” Lord Chatham while his
man waited wit! Lord Chesterfleld in the riddle
of the tanbari: High silk bata  bloek
frock cents and tan glover were all of
the costumes of the amateum revenied over
the dash-yul of the gies. Willets and Bost.
wick mav be taken as trpes of the general
etyle—reins in left hand, held low and no mo-
tion at the turns) whi; in right hand, pointed
to horse's right ear, seat erect, but easv an
the nag alvavs under control by the hand
‘exicn. There was no
driving, that some of the dealers had shown.
An amateur driver to score during the day
wwas Recinald W Rives, the noted whip of the
Coaching Club, who won, with Black Venus,
the challenge eyp for hackneys or halt-bred
hackners shown in harness
Rather a sensation has been made out of
an alleged charee of “depine” horses hefore
they have been sent into the ring Last Mon-
dav Heward Willets of White Piaine sent into
the ring Caligraph and Lookout Caligraph
fell, and aeme of the members of the Assceia-
tion thought that he acted like a hors that
had been doctored before heing sent into the
ring, and that some embrocation had been
ribbed on the horse’s lees to make him
step well while in the ring. Then some one
who was passing the stalls in which Mr. Wile
lets's horses were standing noticed that the
grooms were rubbing the horses’ legs with a
liniment that hada strong aroma. Drs. Wil-
liam Sheppard, Thomas G. Sherwood and
John M. Heard were sent down to examine
the horeat and the liniment. Mr. Willets
informed them that the liniment was made
of witeh hazel, arnica, aleshol and ammonia
ep be eave the prescription
The doctors reported to the officers of the
Areoctation and they were said to be satis-
fed that nothing was wron Mr. Willeta,
however, was very anery that he had heen
under #usnicion ond said vesterdnay that tf
the Association did not apolorize to him he
sould not show any more of his horses at any
of its shows. He declared that he had noe
been treated properly and that his horse.
had been spied upon by employees of the
show,
‘ir Cornelius Fellowes, the President of the
WPDoreae Show Association, said: “It is trne that
ey erfticiesn wank om about the lintment
thet Mr. Willets's grooms were using on the
» to is lodimeot was examined by the
eurgeon of the associition and it
7 fas being allricht There ia nothing
mote in the ense °

 
 

   

  
 

 

 

 

veterinary

Afternoon and evening the Garden was
well flied and In the evenine it was a slow
rmareh to zo around the board oalk in front of
the arena boxes. These boxes ware as visual

all oceupled, and those who visited thle Garden
inet to see the occupants of these boxes marcned
vround, procramme in hand, trvir
the most prominent members of society
In the afternoon Mrs Sidne: smith was in
her box. She waa dreesed in pale av and
core a Jarce gray hat. The Misses Gerry
were elao in pale @ray. One wore a pink hat
veal the other a bine hat Mrs. George Creeker
wore a dark heliotrope dress trimmed with
block ond 9 toque to match = Mrs Orden
Mille was dressed in tan and Mra Herman
Oelrichs in. wine red with hat to mutch. Mrs
Whitelaw Reid wore a dress of purple doth
relieved with white and black and a toque of
a lichter shade of purple.
Mire, Clatence Mack \y inthe evening hii a
worderfu: tulle hat of white with fet and a
buckle and plumes. Her gown was of lace
over white, “nd she had © cost covered wits
anangies, Mra. George Gc "Wes ein al grav
Mrs. Richard Irwin wore bl-ck immed with
«white ice, with 4 hot to moteh.
fi Aollicter, the Tressurer
tion entertained in his box fn

 

of the aseocia-
the afternoon,

  

lapse into twe-handed |

| das

« to find |

Mise [A inaeton Mine Moes, Mien Trieedute,
Mice Holueter apo Mra d Dh Henediet, in the
evening Miee IT iecer, Mise Livy @eton, Me
Hiveheoek, | Herne Me and Mere Mara atl
Dewtee and Wo Hollleter, Jr Amony others
at the atow during the day were Wer
nd Mere James Geohard Me and Me
Frederick Gebpard, (ot nd Mre Deanery
\ Kae Mr acd “tre ham Doet Mr. and
Mee J. Lee Caller dire. Pembroke Jones, Mre
dainre Mtrothere, Mra uv Harwell, Mra Al
fred de cordovs, Mr aod Mr (arence
Mackay, Mr and Mre Sdney J silih M
Mer thom ticeheoek. BOD Morgan, Mr and
Mra Ohew Hi rioae, er, Se and Mrs do Nor.
Man Whoehowe Meo doh ho loanaend, Mee
'. Albert Stevens, Mr, and Mr Ricard
Stevens, Mr oaed Mra Fileha Dver, dr. Bre: -
eries G. Bourne, dane Lawrence Von Alen,
Mile Maracre: Loulee Post, Miss Nora laets,
em A na ree, Mins May Goiiat
Re@nalidW Kives, Frincia T Underhill
ond Mie Prea ott Lawre ec, Cor:
lowes, J. G. Hecke cher, Mr and Mre Josepal
Widener, Alb ric. Bo-twiek, Prank day Gould
Mr and Mra Edwin Govid, ipomas W
son, Ad Caseatt, Mr and View hamilton vy
Cary, Mr. ani Mies Fo RK. Sturgis and toward
Willets

Musey, unseasonable
horses sod atten duits quarte ed in the basement
of the Garden inuch ciseomfort, ana many ¢
them are béing put out of condition by it The
ehestaut hacknev stallion, Lord Hoeeberry, oy
Lord Derby IE, dam by Denmark, contracted
poeumoula and died vesterday morning He
was owned by Mitehell Hurrigon of the Chestnut
LLU) Stock Farm and was entered inthe hackuey
class for statiions to-day Other owners o
valuable animals will take their horees to mearby
stahles if the weather not cooler to-day
Steam pipes and the mercury up to bloed heat
nvike the dewnstairs Quarters unbearable
When the show opened with three pony stallions
in the ring yasterday morning there were but
few spectators outside of those directly inter.
eated = The Boston horse breeder, rhen Jordan
of the Plymouth dackney Stud, wor dast prize
im the class with the oiehi-vear-old st ulien
Daily Prime Minister” Thomas Wo Lawson's
brown stallion, (lor Rounie, was second,
and the eicht-year-ol ov stallion, Lommy
Morgan, third

One of the most

 

  

wenther is cansing

“

 

  

 

interesting classes of the
morning session was that for trotting-bred
yearling colts and Miles. Sueh_ prominent
breeders as John H. Shults, Gen Bo PF. ‘Prac

and ©. J. Uamlin stood close against the rail
and critically looked the contestants over,
lt waa the best ring of trotting youngsters
ever seen in the Garden, and made tlie hordest
kind of work for the judges, Amore so miuiny
showing the best points of their class the judges
hod no enviable task. Twelve graceful, cleans
limhed voungeters, oll of which looked and acted
as thouch they will be able to gain fame on
the trotting turf, made a show that would
warm the heart of the most calculating trotung
horse fancier. There wos considerable dis-
cussion among the experts around tho rail
as to how the indges would regard the flilies
shown by Thomas W. Lawson. Roth were
rurchised by the Bo<ton iillienaire — from
Beott Newman, the Kentucky breeder, for a big
sum, and are highh bred. Miss Boralma, a
chestnut Ay with a good, straight trottin

wait, by Rereal, the sire of Boralma, showe
@ quarter in 26 seconds before she left. Ken-
tucky. The judges considered that the fifteen
hand bav filly, Ora Mar, by Pow Bells, dam
Annie Pearl, by Don Pizzaro, showed 4 better
combination of the points required by (he
class and the blue ribbon was pinned to her
bridle. She is the property of E. T. Stotes-
bury and was well deserving of the honor
Village Farm's black filly, *, by Dare
Devil, dam Myrtle Rewent, by ce Regent,
showed a pure, frictionles@ trotting wait and
went through the stretehes on a square trot
aa fast asthe pony ridden by her leader could
run. She received tho red ribbon, and Lorenzo
Hanlin, a brown colt by the same sire, out of
Belle Homlin, by Almont, Jr, won third prize.
Another eolt that showed well was Holmesdale
by Baron Wilkes, dam by Nutwood, eahibite

 

  

 

 
 
 
 

hv Waltiamn Pollock, and he received the highly |

commended honor Aletna Wickliffe, by \Wock-
litte, out of amare by) Alcantara, exhibited by
HN. Bain, the hkeep sie breeder, \ as very
favorably commented upon. She is good gailed
and level headed.

The cless for peirs of trottin
bronght out some very handy teams ob i
Stotesbury exhibited a fine pair of bay
mares. Imanthe and Imogene, one by Gill ilin,
the other by Bondcheolder, and they received
the fret poive. Lhe pair exhibited by Thomas
F Russell and Ariven ry theodore M iat eld,
Princess Sprague. a brown mare and Sprigitiy,
a brown gelding.was a well-mannered and goods
going team. They captured the red ritybon.
Dr Billand Tuxedo, cheetnut geldings belong-
ing to Joseph A. Leggett, and driven by 8
B Nelson, that received third prize, were
well shown and displaved ability to step well
on the road) Q A. Graves's team of black
gel tines, Billie and Tonrimie, well acting and
wood gnited. ont of a Morgan mare, by Phil
Fortyne, won the white rinbon

The competitors in the hacknev classes
shown during the morning were of a high char-
acter. In the yearling class it would be hard
to find a lot more thoroughly representing all
the heat points of the hackney ! ved \
Vigorous. owned by the Plymouth
Sind of Boston, won the first rinben
eount, a chestnut colt by the same sire,
Denhv Tf, ahown by the same evhibitor,
ceived second, FEnthorpe Performers
colt Uneas, exhibtrad by T
of the third and Langeton’s Rufus
Performer colt, shown by F. ©. Stevens, won
fourth prize, Four two-vear-old hackney stale
lione were exhibited in their class, All were
cheatnits. There wasbut oneentry in the class
for three-vear-old hackney stailions, Derby
Danege't froin FL, Stes ana's establishment

The hackney brood mare class hronaht ont
four tynes of that style. ‘The fidees awarded
first prize to Laodamia, by Contest, from the
Plymouth Hackney. Stud. The chestnut mara
Vis teas, niso from the Plymouth Stud,
received second prize

W_ FE. Weaks, one of the most noted old-time
fiaures in the Horse Show ring, oceunled a hox
during the afternoon with Rensselaer Weston,
Weeka was prominent in the early days of the
Asenciat . Te rode in many races in old
Modicon Square Garden when Marn, Murphy,
Maree and ‘others lifted trotters around the
elght-lap ring uncer sadcle, Weeks had the
mount on Joe H., in his great rnc eagainst Sand-
hill) He was also a well-known driver on the

 

bred horses

 

  

   

   

re.
brown
G. Bourne, carried
2 Langton

   

 

 

 

 

trotting turf and handled Keen Jim in his reee a

ink of 219% at Buffalo, away back tn the
eiel tes. In 1992 he went to France with the
miltionare, Antonio Terre, who — married

the actrese, Siby! Sanderson, and haa handled
Horses in that country ever since After Mr
‘Tecry's death a couple of years ago, pro.
fected with the Franch horses on his own ho
hut crew tired of it. He soid yesterday t
after an absence of eight vears, and judging
from the cjass of horsea he had seen in the

 

    
 

rine. there had been great improvement in
breeding “The French horsemen are not
Hheral buvers of American-bred horses.” ha
said, “but the American horses ere awar ohewd
of the French breed, being superior ins: wd,
act and conformation, There has been a
wor advance in the quality, breeding
inc every other point in American — horses,
whieh [ can probably see more clearly after
the veara [ hove been away than those who
have only seen the slow development I have

never seen better horses in the show ring in
rious elosees thon IT have seen to-dav ”

of

their v
The Hon, WL
the cross-rmatched team Chesterfield and

and roan geldings, sh
» elass on Monday, in which thes
prive.and winners of the blue rib-

Whitney thoutht so w el)

 
 
  

etmit

lanvroer
len ver,

ehe

   
 

 

bon in their clasa on Thesdav, that he paid
Strauss & Hexter a hig price for therm vestere
They are above 15.2 hands and very

sh actora
sn notty. Shetland ponies beean the even-
how before the larre.t crowd of the week

att
f

   
 

ine
Thev were a good lot and mace a most interes
esting ring Thomas 7. Watt, Jr, one of the
leacing fanciers of Shetlands, who always jira
ribbon winners, took the first prize with Toe
ronto, the second coing to Willlarn 4. Sami.
con's The Little Minister, the tuird coing to

Mr. Watt’. Monte Carlo and the fourth to Pitts.
ford Farm's entry

 

 

 

 

  

Dealers in hisheoeting harness horses made
a notable show In the elass for horses not ex-
ceeding 152 hands Phe ceomnetita was
so close that the snect.itora became enthused
and every entry in the class reselved more
or leas applanse as they pranced the arena,
George Saportas tooled the brown mare Lady
Mev 80 skilfully that the judges ordered the
blue ribbon on her brijtl Lady 1 erin,
driven by John Arthur, was ensily next inte

class, Lord Durham taking third and Je!
Bratton's Byron fourth

The event of the evening wa the competition
fr the Waldorf-Astoria challenge cip to be

el

 

    

 

 

!

ius Fel- |

ea

oe

THE SUN, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER

tout @eldiqg Celd Spur, seen the
tw ¢ Pameh thivd

nut mare Ruby, ridden
Fourteen heres competed and the judges
the ribbons

were a long time in awardin
fhe claae for the boat performance of huntera

and nen Pere waa not jodeed entil mearlt 12
k There waa a @fea

 

o|
on

held and it took
sifted Moat of the
heft ret decte

 

ther

 

ow titne te wet

crowd had left the Garde iene

  

  

 

 

 

erence ear ee ere

reached It waa the beet field burn pete eoen
at ‘hie ahow There were Uftecn competitore
} were fil down fo fey Riret pirive

‘4 etd Hichigond. the soen dite
jode y( Hart) Heatherblown, fron mtvey
Form, ritde, by Dick Dennel eecond, and
Chaovie. rilden by * Illows third The
iwarde follow

THO CTR NS

Clase & Colta or Miles year old foaled In tea
to be Jodaed by their individuality ligrres, and

yoarance In the ring. shown in hand er by the side |
of a saddle horse First prize, $100, Oras May, hom,
5 anda, bs How Helle-Annie Pearl by Don
Pizzaro, ET. Stoteaburs Second priae, 960, Regul
i, Pik om, be Dare PevileMyrile Regent by
Feiner Fegent, © J. and Harry Hamlin, Third
wie fh Lorenzo Hamlin, bre, by Dare Devil
j, ih Stamlin ov Almont, dioC. J. and Marry Hamlin
Highly commended, Holmea@fale, b. 8. 14.1 hands,

by laron Wilkes, dain by Natwood, William Pollock

MACKN ENS,

Class 23-.Staliions, 3 yeerts old, foaled tn 1897,
over 15 hands; shown in handéor by the side of a sad-
dle horse First prine, $125, Derby Danegelt, ch,
18.1% hands, by Fandango—Thalina, Frederick ©.
Stevens, No others entered

Class 24—Stailions, & years old, foaled In 1407
14 hands and not exceeding i5 hands: shown tn hand
or by the side of a saddle horse —First prize, $125,

Alarm, br., 14.3% hands, by Wiidtre—Garton
Pride, Chestnut Hill Stock Farm, Second prize,
40, Tangton Performer IIL, ¢h., 14.4 hands, by
angton Performer > ARS ee, F. C, Stevens,
Third prize, $40, Joy's Danegelt, ch., 14.2 hands,
by Pandango~ Bridal Louquet, FC. Stevens.

Highly commended, Latest l’ashion, b,, 14.1 hands,
by Last Fasnion—Sepsibie, Plymouth Hackney Stud.

Class 25--Sta¥'tons, 2 vears old, foaled in 1404;
height not considered; shown tu hand of by the side
of a ‘saddle horse First prize, $100, Diplomatist,
ch, by His) Majesty—Garton Birthday, Plymouth
Hackney Stud, Second prise, 850, Fandango li,
ch, by Fandango—Pop, F. C. Stevens Third
prize, $25, Attraction, ch. by Fandango Wild
Thyme, v. C. Stevens. Hiehty commended, Major,
cu., by CadetMadge, by Wildfire, A. J. Cassatt.

 

Class 26—Stallions, yearlings, foaled in 14899;
height not considered; shown !n hand or by the
aide of @ saddle horse-—lirst prigg, $00, Young Vig-
orous, ch., by Lord — Derby—Enchantresa, Ply-

mouth Hackney Stud. Second prize, $50, Viseount,

ch. by Lord Denoy 1. —Viscountess, Plymouth
Hackney Stud Third prige, $25, Unoas, br, by
Enthorpe Performer—Kitty Glen, PF. G. Bourne,

  

Highly commended, Langwn's Kufus, ch, by Lang-
ton PerformerNelly, F.C, Stevens.

Class 25—Mares, 4 ycars old or over, foaled In or
before 1694, 18 bands and under 14.2 hands: cere
fifed to be tn foal or w bave produced a foal in
1000 shown in hand or by the side of @ saddle horse
—Pirst prize, $125, Leodamta, roan, 15,1 bands,
7 years, by Contest—Gay Lass, Plymouth Hack-
ney Stud. Second prize, $60, Viscountess, ch, 15,1
hands, 10 years, by Cassiv launus—Overton Prin-
cess, Plymouth Hackney Stud Third prize, $30,
Beleravia, ch. 6 years, by His Majes
—(liffe Rose, I Stevens. Highly commended,
Sutton Lily, ch., 15.149 hands, 4 years, by Langton
Vorformer—Burnham's Lily, F. C. Stevens,

PONIBS IN HARNESS.

All ponies in these classes muss be practically sound,
pays good manners and be shown to appropriate ve-
rlieles,

Class 68--Pony above 13 hands and not exceeding
14 Lands 1 Ineh, 3 years old or over—Ftrat prize, $60,
Glorious Honnte, br. &, 141 hands, 7 years, Thomas
W. Lawson, driven by Lielly. Second prise, $49,
Hurrah, or. ¢., 14.1 hands, @ years, Plymouth Hack-
ney Stud, driven by Wilson, Third prive, $20, Lave-
knot, ch. m,, 15.04 hands, 7 years, Philip Lewisohn,
driven by Stovall Highly commended, Lady Gay,
cho m., 14! bands, 4 years, Thomas B, Hidden, driven

by }
cl

 

 

   
      

 

 

teh.
SS (0-4 Pair of ponies, above 13 bands and not
exceeding 14 liands 1 inch—First prize, $100, Esther
ch. m., 14.1 hands, 5 years, and Queenie, ch. m., iat
hends, 5 yea bk. L. Foster, driven by Dr. Ga®non.
Second prize, $50, Hurrab, br. g., 14.1 hands, 9 years,
and Latest Fashion, b, &. 141 bands, 4 years, Ply-

   

 

mouth Hackney Stud, driven. by Wilson, Thir@
prize, $25, Graydawn, gr. fa 14,1 hands, & years,
and Sunbeam, blk. m., 141 Wndas. Sycars, the Mas-

ters Willets, driven ty Willtams. Highly commended,
fiop, Woman to Black, bik. m., 14.0% bands, 5 years,
and tmp, Lord bute, bo &., °40% hands, 7 fears,
Miss Marion and Sidney Holloway, driven by Bratton,

PONIES UNDER SADDLE.
Must have good manners. Shown under a walk,

trot and canter

Class 82 — Shetland ponles, not exceeding 46 tnches,
3 years old or over-First e, $80, Sly Dance, b.
m., Sw inehes, 6 years, Thowas L. Watt, ridden by
Master F. Hiewitt. Second prize, $40, Monte Carlo,
sk. 8, 42%, Inches, 12 years, Thomas L. Watt, ridden

 

  

by Master P. Mewltt, Third prize, 820, Always tu
Cime, dun, th inches, & years, John S. Bratton,
ndden oy Master ‘I. bratton, Hichly commended,

Jessic, Sk. In, 34 inebes, § ycats, Willlam J. Samp-
son, ridden by Master J, Davis.
PONY STALLIONS AND BROOD MARES.

Class &7—Stalllons, 5 years old or ever, exceeding
12 hands Libeha not exceeding 14 hauds; shown
tn hand — First 5 , $10, Ditham Prime Minister,
br, 13.1 hands, 0 years, by Dilham Confidence
Queen of Spades, Plymouth Hackney Stud, Second
$50, Glorions Dounte, br, 14.1 hands, 7 years,
Vhos W. Lawson Third prize, $25, Tommy
Morgan, ®, 14.1 bands, 6 ycar& by Norh Mawk
~Plora Ransom, Thomas 1. Watt.

Class && Brood mares, other than Shetlands,
not exceecing 13 hands, In foal or with foai at foot

  
   
 

 

First prize, #40 Gowan Helle, b., 13° hands,

| wv years, Thomas L. Wath. Secona prize, $40, Vixen,
br. 12.3 hands, P. A. b. Widener Third prize,
| $20 Winne, b., 12.38 hands, 4 years, F. ('. Stevens,

| mare, @

awardedt. the bes' gg hor-e, driven hy ther
woners The up soust be we threes times to
hecome the property of the owner woo may
en era diff rent horse, The first veor the
prig wes offered tt wos won by Josep) BE.W dene
ler's chestnut celding Von Harbinger, in 1807
The «« 'wlomrwas Albert ¢ B wie'cabay
mare Lady Ursula ae diast yeu Wt E hin's
ted Cloud was he vievor ast night there waa |
Closer competition fos the honor tian ever be-
fore [wo of the rrevoous ners, A
Cc Rostwtek and eech Wideoer, come
reted. Keven good tookera and fin clon
were driven into the rng. by their owners, |
The spectators were divided. One part lof
the house would cheer while his
comnetitors wo ld al
parts One altter ar
were sent to the gate
» former winner, iad tw oe s in
Tord Chestertleld Lord Chatham,
which he drove and ow among
he last to he jaa. fhe eontest finally
narrowed down to s ier's b *'ihion
| 4 ptriMient ond E Nidener’s bay
ge'ding Melrose Tho ce who were interested
crowed ' the rail, and hundreds in the
boxes and seats stopped Udhing and eacery
watched for the decision Lord Brillant
had net shown so well when the entive
fleld was on show but new that he
had but one competitor he seemed to. ra

lize that he would have to put his best foot
forward, and he’ never showed better He
went up and down the stretches in better stvle
than he ever did before and displaved his trot
ting blood by stepping fast = Melrose wy
finally passed by. The decision of the judges
was a pomilar one and Lord Trilllant. wae
heartily cheered as he proudly bore off the
ribbon

The middleweight saddle class was most
Interesting, Curfew Pelle, the « ‘nut mare
driven by H, Wilson, exhibited |.y Miss Florence
Elliott, was awarded first prize Adam Beck's

 

 

   
 

Highly commended, Topsy, €t. 11.2 hants 7 years.
Gerkendaie Far
Class §0--Shetland stallions pot exceeding forty-si

{nches—First prize, $40, Coronto sk., 39 ire@hes, ;

sears, by Montres!l, dam Gladys, Thomas L. Watt

Jr. Second prin, 44. The Litt tirtster, ch, 38
'hird prize, $29,

Thomas L,

inches, 5 vears, William J. Ssmps
Monte Carlo, sk, aé'¢inehes, |2 years
Watt. Highty commended, Uressay of Pitt ford. br.,
S7ineles. 5 y ars, by Bismark of Pittsford, dam Pitts
ford Queen, Pitt-iord Farme.

ROADSTERS.

Class 13 — Palr of borses, 4 years old or over, shown
to harness or wayon- First prize, $259, Imantha,
bd. m., 15.2 bands, 5 years, by (iIAllin—Horiense
by C. F. Clay, and Imogene, b.m., 15.2 hands,
6 years, by Bondholder- Maria, by Alcyane, bh.
T. Stotesbury, by Webb. Second prize,

 

  
    

driven

   

    

 

  

$125. Princess Sprague, br. m., 15.2 hands, # years,
by S ue Golddust — Cora L., by Mandritonian
and rightly br. &., 1's hands # years, by Al-
mont Wilkes dam by Superior, Thomas F. Rueseil

bird prize, $60 Lr. Bill, eh. g.
by Grande Blossom — }ira,
McCaul, and ‘lusedo ch. g. 14.6 Lands, 6 yearn
by Pamileo— Maud Morgan, driven by Nelson.
High!y commended, Billy, bik. g., 145.2 hands, 6 vears,
by Phil Portune organ mare and Tomrnie, bik ¢.,
to.t 4g hands ats, by Phil Fortune — Morgan
A. Graves, driven by Hayden

HORSES IN HARNESS,

Class 41~Horses and runa>outs, horses to count
80 per cent: runabout and appointments, 50 per cent
horses should have conformation, style and all-around
action, pace and goot manners, horses must stand
without being held—First prize, $150, Melrose, db, «.,
15.14% hands, & years, Joseph Widener, driven
by owngr. Second prize, $75, Artist, ch. g.. 14.3%
hands, 7 years, Strauss & Hexter, driven by Don-
nelly. Third prize, $35, Foxwood, ch. &, 14.3%
hands, 15 years, Gerkendale Stock Farm, driven by
A. Batonyt. Highly commended, Sensational, b. ¢.,
15 hands, 7 sears, George A, Saportas, driven by
owner.

Class @4—Horses not exceeting 15 bands 2 finches;
shown to appropriate vehicles: open to dealers only
—First prize, £15", Lady Algy. br. m, 15.214 bands,

Sere

driven by Maxfield.
14.5 hands, 9 years

  

 
   

 

 

 

°

 
 

 

 

& years, George A. Saportas, driven by owner.

ond pries, $75 Lady Dufferin, bo m.. 153 hands. 6
vears, Jobo Arthur, driven by_ owner, ‘Third prize,
$35, Lord Durbom, b. g.. 15 244 hands, 7 yrars,
George A. Saportas, driven py Holden, Highly
commended. Kyron, br. 6. (5.5 bands, 6 pears,
Jobu S atton, driven by owner

HORSES SUITAULE TO BECOME HUNTERS.

Class 00—-Horses, middle weight, up to carrying
between 165 and 199 pounds to bounds, conforma-
tion to count 50 per cent, Aensy Te Der cent, —-Pirst
prize, $200, Ourfew Beile, ch, m., Miss Florence Elliot,
ridden by H. Wilson. Second prize, $199, Gold Spur,
ch. g., 16 hands, 4 vears, Adam Beck, ridden by W,
Wilson. Third prize, $50, Ruby, eb. m., 15.1 handa,
A. J. Cassatt, ridden by FE. Leach, Highly com-
mended, Beaumont, ch. g., 15.3 hands, 4 years, the
Chestnut Hil Stock Farm, ridden by English.

POURAN-HANDS.

Class 59 Teams, exceeding 15 hands; conforma-
tion, «tyle, manners and all-around action considered;
shown before a coach, drag or body brake—First
ine, $250 Tribesman, Spearsman, Arrowman and
ibesmatd, Thomas W. wson, driven by Dalles,
Second prize, $125, Arden, Argley, Alax and Foxey
HM, Dr. doun'L. Wente, driven by A. Batoynt., ‘Third

 
  

  
 

prize, $60, Verdict, Town Topics, Attractive and
‘Attraction, Fasiion Coach Horse Company, drisen
by mas. Highly commended, Glorious Dougias,

 

Glorious Youth, Glorious Maid and Glorious Gladys,
Thomas W. Lawson, driven by Connoway.

HUNTERS.

Class 96. Thoroughbred hunters; horses entered
{n this class must be registered tn the Stud Book

for thoroughbreds: conformation and quality to count |

50 per cent performance over fences 50 per cent -

 

   

First prize, $200, Curfew Belle, eh. m. Morpheus
—How Bells, Miss Florence Elliot, ridden by H,
Wilson. Second prize, 8100, Spring Eagle Fill

b. m., 18.1 hands, 7 years, by Hayden Edwards
—Spring Kagle, W. Stewart Diffendertfer, ridden
bs Spencer. Third prize, $50, Quo Vadis ¢n. g.,
18.1 hands, ® years, by Virgil-Namesake W.

 

Hiichly som-

 

   

   

 

   

 

 

   

 
   

    

1). Grand, agent, rdden by J. Hoiden,

mended, Inwood, b. g. 15.2 hands, 6 years, by Pla-

vino—Honnle Perth, Ral Parr, ridden by KF. Kerlin.
SADDLE HORSES,

Class 76—Hleh sehool ho conformation and
ety le to count 40 per cent... performance in high sehool
69 per cent. Two shown but no pris awarded

Class 74 forses over 14 hands 1 ineh and not ex-
ceeding 15 hands, up to carrying 160 pounds-—First

tlae, $1lH dna West, b m., 15 hands, 4 yrars,

mes Mores, ridden by C. Guyer. Second prize,

Lady ky, ropat, bik, m., 1444 bands, & years

eu ridden’ by H. Peters_ Third

alcking g.. 15.4% bands, 7 years,

alte I sus, ridden by J. Holand

nded, Tommy Atkins, ch, @, 142%

hands, 6 years, G. Howard Davison, ridden by Miss
Hheaet

SPRCTAL PIU7 FR

Class 118--Challesge cup. value 6590, offered by the
Waldorf Astorin, for the best hor table for a gig:
the horees tbe Jutged for Uf sultabtifty for
work designat ¢. marners. al! sround action and con-
formation. lbhey must be sounc and able to go 4
gol pace The horses must be driven by their

owners bogies Professional drivers and dealers not
allowed t competefor thts prize The cup must be
won three times by the same owner before It becomes

 

bis prope or
Lord Hr fliant. eb. @, 14.5% bands, ® years, HG
Hosktel, driven by owner
Class 120—Breeders’ Challenge cup value 8800;

for registered or half registered hackieys, mares or
geldings, 3 years oid or over, bred in America, to
be shown th harness to appropriste two-wheeled
vehicies, horses to be the bonafide property of the ex-
hibiior, Who must hb the breeder: to be won twice
the some exhibitor before beooming his property, All
horses compet'ng must be registered in the America
Hackney Stud Hook This prize was won in 140!
by F. G. Bourne's b. m. The Squaw.

Black Venus, bik. m., 15.2 hands, 6 years,
W. Rives, Criven by owner.

Class 122—Oflered by Frank Jey Gould; ee

SSS SSNS nsnnsinesunsnenst
-

SE eee ene es a

 

 

net wader (8 banda! inch to he ehawn before a lady @
single hare | leteria the herer te fount b0 per cent
the betenin f percent arnreas, |i percent lerrica
10 percent the borwes to her awl Manthieta etane
quietly, and back well biret prite, @)80, Gabract
wee 1hAt%y Hants 7 years loaeplh | wie '
driven vy Stehotia Seoond prise, 87 Glorious
Doodles & ©. [6 handa, 6 yeate, Thoteae # Lan
gon Arleen thy bett Third prion, 448, In tte .
it 3 hands. & wars, Fdwned it ladew, dr
lhe op fears Itty! on ! we f
rs in 2 hande, 7 ve View bieiie ft '" '
ty lhowe d
repre OL Ame

Cine (00) Por the heet performanee of hontera
of jumperte eray a ative to " feet hah
an to ear a omen " Wel ‘ f ‘ f
First prise, 20, Hlehriond, pew, Wee \
19 year Itart fies ridden | ( Piatt Seernd
Prine, 81 Pleatherbionm b KH hande f perce
Gedney Perm, fidden to 2D. Donnelly hitd nee
88°. Chaonle, b & handa "Nine Kh. Mase
tidden by S. Holloway Highly commenced, Mack.
hied, Dk om. IAB bende, 7 peare, ©. CO Vest nicden
by C. Torkamn

Theprogramme for to-day follows

MAO A NM. Judeing two hackney stallions, 4 reare
old or over, clase i?
nin \N M Jeideinge three heekney brood marea

with two of thelr producer, clase"

io ALM Jude'ng four hackney stallions, | veare
old of over, ings i!
im18 A. M,.-- Judging two Freneh coaching stal

lions “ept for service, clase 15

oan A OM ludeine seven standard bred two
year-old trotting stallions, class 6

11 A. M.~ Judeina elgbt pairs of horses tn har
ness (dealers), class 45

11:15 A, M. Judging thirteen ponies tn harness,

 

class 4A

11.40 A.M Judging five patra of Shetland ponies
in harness, class 64

11.45 A. M.— Preliminary telal of thirte four qual

fled hunters entered in the Cortnthianelass class 14,
and only those horses then selected will be allowed
to compete in that ciassatio P.M

1 P.M. Pecess

2 P. M.--Judying forty five harness horses, class
oo

245 P.M — Judging twenty saddle horses, class 70

  

2:15 P, M.—Judging fifteen ponies in haruesea,
class 64

2:46 P.O M.—Judging five pairs of roadsters and
best Appointed road rig, Class 15

4157 Judetng pine haress tandeme, clasats

4:45 P, Mo Judging fourte BD pairs horses shown
to a victoria or cabriolet, appontriebis to count,
class 5)

5:15 P. M.—Judging ten stallions suitable for gettung
carriage horses, class 11!)

5:35 P. M.--Judging three qualified hunters from
om poo class 79,

. Recess.
4:30 P. M.— Judging three herds of Shetland pon
fes, class #1
5:40 P. M.—Judging thirty-six harness horses

(novice class), class 112

0:20 PP. M.—Judging twenty-one trotters for the
Speedway cup, class 124

10 P. M.—Judging those hunters previously se-
lected to compete in the Corinthian class, class lot,

SYNDICATE TO BUILD DEFENDER.

 

Names Announced by New York Y. ©, —W. But-
fer Duncan, Jr, Will Sail the Beat.

Vice-Coniumodore August Beimont, ex-Vice-
Commodore James Stillman, Col. Oliver H
Payne, Frederick G Bourne and Henry Walters
are the momibers of the erndicate to build the
new Cup defender This information was
posted on the bulletin board in the New York
Yacht Club house yesterday, and was particu.
larly pleasing to the members of the elub.
The notice on the boud was ia the form of a
letter, as follows
“J. Vo S Oddie,

Yacht ( iud

“DFAR Sin: JT take pleasure in announcing
officially that the assoeciction formed to build
a yacht to compete with the Colunibia for the

hay., Seeretary New York

 

 

defence of the America’s Cup is con \ ls

Vice-Commodore Belmont of the Mineola,
ex-Vice-Comimodore dames stillman. Capt
Oliver HH Payne of the Aphrodite, Capt F oO

Bourne of the Colenta and Capt Henry Walters
of the Narada Capt. W. Buder Duncan, Jr,
willhave charse of the yacht. Yoursvery truly,
“Lewis Cass Lapyann, Commodore”

Vice-Commodore Belmont was a member
of the syndicate that built the Vigilant, but
the other members of the syndicete are new
in Cup defending circles, Mr. Stillman was
the Vice-Commodore of the club in 1887, and
last year he chartered the steam vacht Co-
lumbia, Col. Payne ia the owner of the steamer
Aphrodite, the lagest steam yacht ever built
in this country. Mr. Bourne used to own the

 

 

'
'

"9

22, 1900,
IN THE FOOTBALL WORLD,

HARVARD AND VALE DIPPER TN STYLE
OF ADVANCING THE OVAL

 
  

Crimes Denend Cpod Oren Werk White the
Hiaes Hietlewe Waee Pints Are More) fective

Various Velnte of Interest Shoawt the |
Kivellievens letting Stil at hven Money
j Ihe Wa 1 Yole vame oon sturtda
rreotmblw iidae te fully twee eof ottne
ful have been prevalent fe eure Har rd
Is booked to tm he wellbhoeewen open vane
le Sale will probably depend upe i}
tuedle back formation, constiiutiog what is
known as moan pla krom 4 *yeetitor's
standpoint Harvard's «tele trouve appear he
the move pleturesane in that lt nay be ble
to gee the man with the ball froin the tune
startea antil he is downed 1") thy ”
in the tlarvara Pennsslvar mateh a eve
waa t h favorabie comment because of it
Capt Daly,atcuap.er back, hgwever, tas irned
the knack of hiding the ball ©o well tt A
rents have been sorely puzzled to tell just wit
piaver carries the leather Por that reason

steam vacht Reverie, but he sold this sacht ,

last vear and recently purchased the steam
yaeht Colonia, formerly the Alberta

That thedefence of the Cup is {n good hands
every one concedes and with W, Butler Duncan,
Jr. in charse the new yacht will be well han-
died. Mr. Duncan has sailed on the defenders
Vigilant, Defender and Coluusbia in Cup races
end last vear he was in charge of the Defender
in the races agains’ the Columbia. He did
not want to have any thing to do with the comm-
ing races, but the members of the sy nudicnte
and the ¢ha'tlenvre Committee have induced
hin,to devote another season to the defanco
of the trophy and everv one agrees that his
selection is the best that could be nade

The Columbia will be in commission
will be in charge of C. Oliver Iselin
Charley Barr will be the akipper of the
lumbia and it is probable thaf Cant, Khe
who was skipper of the Defender last vear,
will occupy @ similar position on the new boat

and
*aen

  

 
 

 

 

GOLF.

Competitions at Apawamis, For Hills and
Larchmont.

In the second match between teams picked

from members of the Larchmont Yacht Club,

which was held yesterday at the Apawamisa

 

Golf Club, Team A won by 5 to 2? The count
was by the Nassau svsterm, under which
the first mateh held at Fox [ills on Now. 14
Team A also won by 10 too The third or j
lect mateh willbe plavedat) Larchmont on
Deo The detailed score vesterday

Team A—M. M. Singer, 2; Wo. Daniel, 1: C. A
Singer, 0; Alfred Mar 1, Rickard Cobden, 1

 

‘Total, 5.
Team B-F. A. Moore, 0: A. J. Morean, ©: Dr,
Willam Bullard, 3; John Neilson, 0; Randolph liurry,

0 Towl, 3.

A competition fora prize offered by the Greens
Commuttee brought out a lively match between
fifteen of the caddies on Tuesday at Fox Hills
Joe Mitchell, a youngster of 13, won with the
good score of 101 Another com ion on the
same day was a mixed foursome handicap at
the Larchinont links at thirty-six holes, which
Mrs. E L. Hopkins and her husband won with
177. _The other scores were’ Miss May Shir
and F A. Moore, 170; Miss Jeseie Flint and /
Morgan, 1&8, Mrs. A Monroe and KR Cobden, 183;
Mes. Ballard and Dr. W. E. Bullard i890; Mrs.
Flint anu Dr, Le Barbier, 196, Miss Nelle Ken-
nenv and 1 J Kenneny. 108 Miss Kate Kenneny
and Dr. J. A. Fordyce, 201; Miss Scott and FM
Scott, 207

The committee of the Kast Jersey Golf Asso-
ciation selected to choose a links for the first
ndividual championship has eked out the
Piiuerel Goif Club course, and by the courtesy
ot the Baltusro! governors the competition
will be held there on Dee 6 and 7 The ciubs
in ihe leacue are the Newark A C, Hilisige
Glen Ridge, Elizabeth, East Orange, Forest
Hill and sfadtson

 

 

  
 

 

Regardless of the high wind which swept
over the Harbor Hill Golf Club course + ester-
dat, the women of the club played in a four-
some competition for prizes offered by the
club. The handicap was won by Mrs. Boody
and Miss Brophy, and the best gross score
prizes by Mrs. Upham and Miss Worth. The
scores folle

Mrs. Boody and Miss Brop
Upbam and Mra. Worth, 1%, 7
seur and Mre whew. 1

 
 

hy, 118, 18—05

--10?, Miss M. Scrime
, 20-307; Mes. Fowler
107; Mins Badgley and
; Miss Palmer and Mise
M4.

Mra,

   

      

and Mise Wemple, 117,
24

1
1

Mra. Badgley. 1
FE. Serimseur, 3

  

Hockey.

Princeton, Nov. 21.—Plans are being made
for the opening of the hockey season at Prine.
ton. R. D. Littl, a senior, has been elected
captain and at pr

 

the team for the bia matches that will be play ed
with the Duqresne A.C andthe Pittsburg A. ¢
in Pittsburg during the Christmas vacati
All of Inet year's players excert Ford, cover-
ind the freshmen el

 
 
  

point, have returned is
contains much promising material Lart soa.
son the team was greatly handicapped on ac-
count of the irreacuarit. of the practice oe.
casioned by the condition the ire on Stony
Brook. This vear, howeve the tennis courts

on Brokaw Field will be flooded and it is ex-
pected that they will make a fine rink for the
sport

 

- Gaston’s
Unique Cafe.

 

NEW FRENCH RESTAURANT IN) FIPTI
AVENUE WHICH IS) MEETING
WITH FAVOR,

New York ts indebted to Monsieur Gaston,
lately of Paris, for a unique restaurant
ton'’s re-tourant is modelled after the famous
Cafe Morcuery, of Paris, and is located at
No Weat Thirty-ninth street, in the heart
of the fashionabie part of the city. It is help-
ing to transform Fifth avenue into a Parisian
boulevard

Some of the special features of Gaston's
are:-—Real French cooking at very moder-
ate prices; small rooms for family and other
parties; handsome decorations. Special din-
ner de luxe during Horse Show week, $1 25;
table d'hote luncheon from twelve to three,
fifty centa. By special request Gaston's will
from now on be open evenings, and an ala
carte supper will be served.

Gas

2
-

ent is arranging a schedule | .
of games with New York schools to prepare | but the scoring did net represent the snappy

| Station, begi:

the atvle of attack is both interestivg to movie
and even veteran onlooker® and is alae a prob
lei for rivaltacklers With Vale's tnase plow it
i4 a hard matter for spectators te the
man with the ball, for the formiution is close
and the attack is low and solid; \et it is easier
for opponents to pick out the player carrying
the ball for Yale than it is to tind the Harvard
runner, Various comparisons of the
elevens unite on one point thot the Yale men
have so far shown more aggressiveness than

a

 

“we

two

Harvard, That is to say they fight harder
and tackle more tercely, Because of this
fact it is argued that Yale may have aun
advantage. Sut Liarvard'’s aggressiveness

   

awainst Pennsyivania was of sufficient power
to lay up nearly every member of the Quaker
eleven for several days after the game. As
both elevens will play hard, fast football on
Saturday, it is freely predicted that the game
will be anything but a kid glove affair. The

betting yesterday waa etill at even money
with plenty of money up on both sides, Ther
{8 a growing belef, though, that Yale wil
begin the game a slight favorite, perhaps 10

to 0, but non-partisans cannot see how the

ame is anything but an even break.
Harvard men are confident enough, bot thev

wouid feel morg at ease if thev were positive

that the Crimson eleven Was in the same fori |

  

displayed = avaiust
valied slump of tne Harvard tearn_a ‘

caused no end of apprehension The Crimson
‘Varsity, as a whole, has nor played a really
hard gatne since the victory over Wie Quakers
on Nov 8 Then 't Was that the eleven broke
training under orders from duck JicMasters

The slugp that tolLowed was the naturel re-
sit and Was looked tor by the Harvard trainer
Since then McMasters has been gradually
working the men back into form with the icea

F bie J Ivania

 
  

of having them exactly on edge when they line
up next Saturday. MeMasters and the Har-
vard coaches have had one particular olJect in

view to make the eleven as fast as a whiriwind
and thereby sweep all before it. Nobody
who has seen Harvard and Yale play this vear
beheves that Yale can play the speedier foot
ball, though anybody will admit that the Lines,
against the Indians and Princeton, were un-
usually swift of foot, but nothing like the fleet-
ness of the Crimsons in their battle with the
Quakers If llarvard’s team is fit, therefore,
and the mea are as fast as the coaches have
plinned, Yale's defensive tactics will have
to improve. The strength of the Yale enda
and tackles will probably serve to break up
much of Harvard's eclentific interference
fhe hard, low tackling of the Yale players
is also expected to stop some of the driltant

en en

AO

  

Richardeon, hie rival, whe bere etic fe hie

ail fill The @eneral inpreeeion ie that Shel
don will win ont All of the other pueitione

Brooklyn Advertisements,

on (he ton @ill be the ame ae tn the Pitre
ton aime anless some one geta hurt or aete|
ote t@nen now and Sotur tar | oO

Awsaporte, Nov 7 Ih the presence

  

 
 
 
 
 
   
   
    
     
     
 

     
    
 

    
      
     
   
  

 

E {| . e
2) perertes, inedudtins Aes otant “Serer ty
fei wee ee Surprises
Tania cle ted the val Cadeta (yay bhvon
Soren 4 tor Tt wae a well. contested ening
from eturt te Anieh, and the nave did well ' in our Men's Clothing
ayele Part coor of bert brevet vere we ) ve
Rae On See the neve tap Store surprises in prices
r rhe bell vi t ' wry nie iy " wf a @ Pal and surprises in cloth.
fords wt v wr tar ife i
ant ited othe ' the om on | fs ing. You
thre ved linn Pid ‘ r ! a rar Y Lene | 4 can't get
after five minutos of plav, Hare foiled ata ts better or
Velknay again kicked off { the eace mi
offer ane ther ee pee er rin a k ‘ more
' ih the ballon the midecte. ' ret ibt ” -
Sfoer ten minutes’ hard work Thar, f Pennasy | = thor
voni*, wae shaved over the line for anothe eh oughly
touchdown, fathing af @eoal
Tn th eoond Salf Pennevienanian kicked of 1 ‘_ up-t0-
mnd Sirnith for the enarets vanced the i ate
twenty cards Mornlev fll itupboa mn ff) date gar
Mfreenvardaonafake hick Here Pennevivar ; ments
braced and forced the navy te kick, the tal aman
inet touching the thos of Half Mack Potter's | any-
fr ge and kept rolling on te the gonl when | where.
Kig Poa Nt hels for the navy, fellon the ball ) oes
behind the wonl post, Lerg kicking wont in C vercoat
this holf touchcowns were made for Penner wea-
vanian be Wallace J iardiner and Tens, J :
Gar fyer kicking the three goals Suromears ther Ss
alent eylnonia Posi ne, < ones , coming again, We've the
ennett aft en tend |
Horner Late tackle Williams | best coats you've ever
fare ‘ vit ruare remen . e
MeCloakey Centre . Prut? seen at $12.50 to $50.00.
Tee Theht guard Belknap ’ “ .
ay Rigi tact Ree | feck inst 908 Bere
y Gardiner Rient end Nichole | sothy sui
J Gardine: ariet back Tong | vetly Suited.
Potter feft half back Fowler |
Smith . Rigtt half back Laid |
Davidson Full back Smith
Senre  Pennmevivania, 28 Cadeta, @ T mplire |
Randolph. Pennavivania State College, Referee
Schott, lntversiiv of Pennsylvania. Time - Two
twenty-minute halves Substitutes, Manley lor
Fowler.

Football Notes.

J.C. S.—Vugh Janeway played on the Princeton
eleveti.

 

   

BROOKLYN.

   

emy Mount Pleasant Military

LANCASTER, Nov. 21.—Dickinson Coll @¢ today
defeatid Franklin and Matshali by 4 seore of Tlo 5

At Svracuse -Lavrente Boat Club, 31; Syracuse
A. A., 2.
At Morristown. Morristown School third team,
21; Craimie Schoo! of New York, 0, _ nm _
At Cornwall! on-ttudeon — New York Military Acad- “rr E ’ . IL
3 pune, AUTOMOBILES ALL FA

 

IN AN OBSTACLE RACE IN WHICH TOO

   
      
     

 

  

 

         

! [wo strone teams of foothall ki rs, the

| alds he Last Side this city aud the St MUCH WAS REQUIRED.

| oft eth, N will play the Geelle ¢ heat Gussie
Sun i¢ Weeh all gro . E

a ia 7 a t 7 z aor a A New and Worthy Style of Contest That Was

j STOWN, a 2 1 cacemy ¢ 8 .

| place to-day completed oneof the most successful Interesting, but Did Not Furnish a Victor
football seasons in the history of the school de A Novel Liquid Air Cooling and Refrig-

| fea § the strong Lafayette fr shmen team in a hard tl r L 1 a .

) fought struggl* by & score of 6 to 0 erating Plant Introdaced —General Notes.

a Ww W % promt lumbla '\ arsity eleven An obstacle race on new lines was witnessed
is Composed strictly Of stuaenis in wood sia: lnet the wv » larga ne .

| ‘There is no evidence that any of them was {! last netht by the largest crowd that has yet
enter the aniversits The fine playing of wh attendet the automobile thaw at the Grand

runs in browen fields by Daly and Sawin, who |

have excelled all other ‘Varsity players in this
respect. this year. Harvard's inter!
hus been pronounced superior to Yale

 

 

   

if it turns out that way in the game, sharp
gains may bel ed for by the Crimson backs

Harvard's coaches are somewhat exercised
over the ability of their three centre men to

stand the beefy line bucking of Hale, Phoomer
and Stillman, While Lee, Sargent and Barnard
stood up successfully against Hare and Mce-
Cracken of Pennsylvania, Yale's system of
attack is considered more effective than the
wuards back play

1 vnaly

eould make much ofan impression on Harvard's
itre, and both of then: got in long runs around
the ends. It is contended that if Pennsylvania
could score awainst Harvard, Yale will be able
to do se, as the Hines this year have proved
to ba the hest seoring team in the arena It
ig also predicted that Harvard will be able
to score, inasmuch as Colimbia, with one of
the wreatest half backs in the country,
Weekes, was able to make a clean touche
down on an end play. It is conceded that
Yale's defence has been vastly improved since
the Columbia game, but the fact that Harvard
ran up i? petits against the powerful Quakers

 

 

 

 
      

would seem to in ite that Yale vill have a
hard task to wi esh the Cambridge ex-
verte On this proposition it will not be hard

 

E (ind speculators willing to wager that beth
tears wilseore If sich prover to he the case,
thera will be p'enty of excitement for the thou.
sands who go to New Haven. Indications point
to an army of 8,000 Harvard supporters from
Cambridge and Roston, white it is belteved that
10,000 persons will go up to the battle groun
fromthisecity. The New York, New Haven —
Hartford Railroad offeia'a sold yreterd v that
they would pe vide ample accommodations for
Ul Special trains will leave the Grand Central

nirgwatanearly hour, and enough
of them wil be run to carry all who renort at
the depot. Julian W. Curtiss save that the
speculators have not secured many tickets and
that okout will be kept for countere
feits ale management has engaged a
large force of police and special oflicers to pre
serve order if necessary

 

 

 

 

 

 

Coach Sanford of Columbla, who has made
rome remrmekably accurate predictions this
fall in calling the results of the more impor.
tant games, sacs that Yale will defeat Harverd
but that the seore will not be large. Sanford

 

 

 

 

the dav before the Columbia-Prince 1 eame
told Tne Stun renorter that Columbia would
win6tod, Lost Friday Sanford said that Vale
would beat Princeton, 20 to 0. Morle:, the
Columbia captain, sald vesterday that Yale
would beat Harvard, 17 to 5, but he called at-

tention to the fact that he picked Penns: Ivania
to defeat the Crimson, Nearly all the Co-
lurubia men are rooting for Yale

Camprinar, Nov. 21.—Harvard's last prac.
tice in Cambridge before the Yale game brought
vut nearly four thousand students to-day de-
spite intermittent showera of rain and mud-
soaked streets. For about an hour the crowds
cheered the team, its enptain and men. Their
pleaaure at the good showing of the ‘Varsity
could not be concealed, and when the stragglin
line emerged from Soldiers” Field, Havant
spirit was rampant and Yale money taken
wherever met

“The men are all in fine trim,
Jack MeMasters, “and we shall put up a good
fight.”

The game with Yale will be hard
and closely contested,” said Coach WH
“and if the day is clear Harvard should w

Coach W. Cameron Forbes expressed hi
self as pleased with the exhibition of the eleven.
Capt. Daly said

“The team monifests splendid spirit and that
ought to count :

To-morrow morning at §.25 o'clock the eleven
leaves for Meriden via Springfield At Moeri-
den the team will hold secret practice to-mor-
row afternoon and Friday morning and after-
noon. Lunch will be served at 11:20 o'clock
on Saturday and at_12 o'clock the plavers will
take the train for New Haven to decide the
issues between the Crimson and the Blue

Harvard's exhibition play to-dav insted
thirty-five minutes and netted three touch
downs, from two of which goals were secured,

said Trainer

 

  

 

 

playing of the ‘Varsity nor the hope its work
inspired

Columbia's football squad resumed work
yesierany after tiree divs of idleness Neards.
lev, Holman and Con did not repert, butt
rest of the men, including Syles, were in the
line-up and no one showed anv signs of sto)
nes Cornell was put in Coffin's place at r
tackle and impressed the coaches favorably

 

1

  

New Tlavrx, Nov 21 The Yale football
tear, took a brace this afternoon. Every player

    
  

who took part in the Princeton gome was in
his place except Chadwick who. is resting,
and Wear, the quarter back, who has been
displaced by Fincke The secret practice
oceujied nearly all the afternoon, There
was jess than four minutes of the practic

which the general public was permitted to see
The eorches to-night held a long conference,
after which it was stated that Shar; e will bo
Yale's left half back in the Harvard game.
There isa good dealef a eurprice expressed,
over this chance as it means that Fineke will
not be allowed to nlay at half against Harvard
fis record in the Princeton game was so good
that the college eonsider, him a fixture for the

 

Harvard esc e On Saturday Fincke wil
rlav quarter if he plays at cli Althoueh
Chadwi-k has bee. resting ever since the Prince.
ton game, he is till the favorite for the other
half There is a great deal of eriticicm over
these changes made so jate in the
training season, Yale thought the team was
as good es it could be made tn the

Princeton wame Sharpe has been laid up for
weeks with water on the knee and is not in
first-class shape He has secured hk old place
becnuse he can catch punts and drop a goal
from the fie'd He is notin Fineke's clase as
Hale this afternoon

an 4eecressiv@ player

outpunted Sharpe, so the latter will not
add to Yale's punting game = There is a grent
deal of doubt as to whether Wear or neke
is the beet man for quarter Fincke was quar-

ter last season Wear crowded Fincke out
this season Recently Wear has gone to pi

under the severity of the coaching. His friends
say that he neece a restand then he wil
be all rimht and for thie reason they believe
he will still get into the Harvard game. Shel-
don is also In danger of losing his place to

Hare and McCracken were |
men on the Pennsvivania eleven who |

|

|
|

 

aa Wholly to the coaching of George Foster | Contral Palace. The scheme for the race ‘was

teood one, and the carrying out of it held the
interest of the soeetators for half an hour, The
trouble was it was a new idea and was put o@
withoutrehearse!, The plan of former obstade
racestor aiitomobiles has been to award the race
fo the machine making the best time between
the obstructions with the lewt touching of them.
Tho sche ne last night did away with the speed
quality. No time was taken, and this made
it possible for machines of the diferent powers,
steam, gasolene and electricity, to compete
without being divided into clusses, so the contest
“hairs were

 

 

 

RACING.

Three Odds-on Favorites Beaten at the Ben-
nings Mecting.

Wash'NGTON, Nov. 21—Sure thing plavers
had a hard time of it at the Bennings track
this afternoon as three odds-on favorites were |
|

|

|

eleven | a
|

beaten. The weather was clear and plea--
ant and a large crowd made the trip to the
track. Seratches reduced the fleids to a fow

starters in each race. The biggest upeet of
was ae announced, a free-for-all

 

the day touk placeinthe fourthrace  ButYoon |

wasa prohibitive favoriteat 1to 10. But hel ! laced in peirs at intervals about the track and
was running out of his distance and was beaten | 0? the infield with their backs toward each
by both Charles Estes and Lancewood. Buy. | other and ‘ust room enough between them for
foon's poor showing led to an ipvestigation | the machines to have four inches of clearance
and after the race Tommy Burns, whe rode | on each side The intervals were «paces of
the horee: his owner, G. A. Muller, and | ;

Mike Daly, the trainer of the horse,” were | eleven feet from one pair of chairs to another
called into the «tard The matter I) |} and the pairs were set zik-zae fashion, The

 

be investigated to-night and a decision ar
nounced to-morrow In the first race Suc
S., the second choice, led all the way and won
easily with the favorite, The RKhymer, last. |

Conditions reouired the contestarte to run be-
irstorward and then back up to

point

   

racer all the ¢

the ste

 

rhice

 
 

 

In the second the odds-on favorite MeAddie | The winner was to be decided by @ process
was beaten a neck ina drive by the 15 tot shot | pee ' ' ‘ t

Robert Waddell. The third race was over | Of elimination fhe first man to touch an
the hurdles and was won by the odds-on faver- obstacle was out and then the rest had to re-
ite Draughteman, who won easily. in this | yeqc the trick after the chairs had been moved
race Grimes, the rider of MeFonso, wl / one ineh closer together with the same prin-
finished second, was called before the stew boiple of “Touch and oui” applying unt only
for rough riding and interfering with Bos; one pan was lett and he was the victor. Five
ous near the finish, and also because the stews | pyachines, three electricand two steam, ene
ards did not think he hed put upa good ride. | tered and all but one made the forward pas-
In the fifth race the odds-on favorite, 1 | sage in safety. Not one of the remain
Puritan after leading all the way won easily, | four, however, could make the Ween

while in the closing race MacLeod of |iare
who was alse at odds-on, was returned an easy
winner. It was announced to-day that Jinimy
Mara, the well-known steeplechase rider, lind
been signed to ride the jumpers for J. W. Colt
next season, Summaries:

Pirat Race —Stx and a half furlongs
102 (Ruttes), 2 to 1, and 8 to 5, won: Queen Carn|-

trip without a touch aud it was seen that the
spacing Was such as to present an impossible
proposition, In consequence no decision was
made, though MeDuflee and Fisher did 6 len-
didity and won loud applause. The Hquid
air machine carried away a railing last night,
but went bravely on.

\ new feature w

     
 

Sadie S,

   

ndded to the show yester-

 

 
 

 
 

   

val. 106 (F. Walsh:, 2 to 1, for piace, second, Orienta, | day bw the putting into operaiion of a model
188 r. Burns), third. Time, 1:22 1-5. The Mhrmer, refrigerating ond 608 ina plant _ has pee
alao ran. | ive ne > woek
. jin sciveevidenceall the week tis operat
qctiat ide ee itm halt furlongs How st | by asin dynamo and liquid air ts used which
Addie 112 (Wale) out for place, second aa h te Passas Thro iwhacomplexity of pipes and finally
| fen, third. ‘Time, 1:09 2-5. Snark and Ruth Park | titer serving as a substitute for ice in @ re.
also ran. wh Park | frigerator of the common household size and
Third Race-—Hurdle race: one mile and three. | in a drinking water tank is liberated to cool
quarters over seven hurdles: Draught«man, [M4 (ira. | the room, Jt was only a model, but it seemed
il), 7 to 10 and owt, won: MeFonso, 165 (Grimes to be satiafactory to the spectators, as it did
7 to 10 for place, second Bosphorus, jAl i Barry : what was promised for it

Pure Chief Croker visited the exhibit-in the

 

 
     

   
 
 

 

   
 

third aime, 424 %5. Shinfane and Claroha aiso
ran. afternoon in search of Bom OLE sultable for
_ Fourth Race—One mile and 100 yards—Cherles | use in the department He said that he had
Estes, 4 4 (Walters), 25 to ! and At n) Lonee- | experienced considerable trouble with the
wood, 192 (Miles), 4 to 5, for piace, iffoon machines he has had and opined that they
199 (Burns), third. Time, 152. Ragged Sailor!) pad not yet been built up to the requirements
sen Hace—Siz furlongs <The Puritan, 110 (Walat of the hard work of the Fire Departinent ser-
7to 10 and out, won; Little Daley ae rr Michaels), vie but Ne added that he had diwovered
6 w 5 for place, second: San Luis, weet Slack | UN er of unprovements among the new th:
third. Time, 116' 25. Moos, Lambkin, Loone and | the show, which he thought very prom)
Dame also ran and he was far from being discouraged -
Sixth Race —One mile and 109 yards — Meleod of | a number of those earne tly seeking for at
Dare, 107 (1. Hurne), 4to fand out, won. Leon Fe and anxious to buy, attend the matinee ses
aon, 109 J, Slack), 8 to 1 for place, second: Ista sions, besides the ial popular attendance

RO on

of the enrious Who Wish to be entertained by
watching the track evolutions and taking rides;
this is particularly true of the out-of-town cone

third. Time, Spurs,

Prines, 197 (Corbtly),
Decimal and Elsie Skip aiso

Randy, Give avd Take,

   

ran
rollowing is t ogre e for to-mo . | tingent, some of Whom have made the trip to
Following is the programine for morrow: che cite esperially to inspect some new device
First Race-—-Handicap, seven furlongs, they Lave heard about. Of the latter clas»
Godfrey . 1401 Robert Waddell 124 | yesterday were A H Drummond, an English
Maribert. .. 182) Hardly 24} engineer of distinction, who accompan
The Rhymer 180. Tenderloin 120 | 4 Eno of — this city: Capt Hue
Moor 126 | Magic tight 12) | bert Von Rebeur Paschwitz, German naval
Humboldt 126) Tankard 9 | attaché at Washington and a party
Second Race—Sriling; for two year olds; five fur- | of friends, the Rev. Scott Melville Smith of
longs Richfield Springs, Dr. J.C. Mekvitt and a party
‘The Purttan WT! Kid ros | of phv-tcians of the upper Hudson who were
Mgeon Post 192 Rabunta to2 | investigating liquid air, Col, John Jacob
Termiess 112 Astor, who already has an electric and a steam
Third Race—Hunters’ Trial Steeplechase; about; @ut>, wes in during the afternoon examining
two nitles and pricing gasolene motors
Higbie.. 148) Seif Protection 189 For purposes of instruction nothing better
Mattrii.. 188 | Firebrand 38 | in a@ laboratory could be had than some of
Breach of Promise 158) Foule 147] the exhibits, w nore a practical mecnencn dis.
4 oa aeactlo of a machine is offered, th
Seckett and Foule coupled, Breach of Promise and a “ul it sets in the carriage being shown,

 

Firebrand coupled

   

separately and exnirined as it could not pose

     

 

Fourth Race—For two-year old maidens siz anda! Citiy he when built up inthe vehicle, Naturally
half furlongs. , this kind of exhibit attracts two classes, the
Salvoleta O71 W nol Gatherer » 194 | uninitiated who “want to know,” and the newly
ees io pie Sv ine | fledged chaffeurs who are not vet versed in
Scare i 107 c. fy : 1%) all the mysteries, The second class walk
Se i a7! Novelty’. so. a up and complain of having this or that trouble
Col. Patlentine 107| Amorita 104 | and the ext ert woes over tne geen until the
Nonpareil. 104] | visitor exek in . ee ver a J rd - where

Fifth Race—For three-year-olds and upward, sril- | im Lae, my mistake inderstand now,

{ \

ine. six furlongs. The ever varring burlesane on hand shalt

113} Tankard 4

 

 

 

     

 

 

  
  

Huitzilopochtie. } ; adit she

4 } 1% Sina te has had a new addition through the wit o

picgiens velmes i Yiakt : at 5, some of the focetious exhibitors, who have,

Petit Maltre. . 103) Thermos ba developed what they call “ye avto shake.

YT nsiehtly 108 | *Rrisk pa It consists in participants stretching their
rluke 103! *Ringleader . g7 | aris forward with the palms turned outward

I'y George 104 | then the rieht hand of each erosns the elbow
*Apprentice allowance, tof the ether and the arms thus locked are
Sixth Race—Handicap one mile and an eighth worked backward and forward like a piston

Kinnikinnte .. 12¢ | Carbuncle 9) vd ae

Decanter 120) Rochester 5 a | a

First Whip 113] Asquith eo | Turf Notes.

Knight of the Garter i) Alsike 7 LAN TI Nov. 21.<

Charentue 117 | Survivor 93 | AT’ och at Ventnor . ‘tay toa nent oO

Handent? ; 1 a rely ; 02 over a half track, vest three out of five Loe

a Leeanter and As juith coupled; Kinnik.innle and hy -teeen Ce man Parker's Car) Brown and Joba

Carbuncle couplec, Meclas's ge Mills, was won by the former,

Horses, Carriages, &e. Horses, Carriages, &e,

800 TROTTING BRED HORSES

BY AUCTION.

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN.
Nov. 26 to Dec. 7, RETEST
Days and Evenings. HARNESS HORSES

LIGHT HARNESS

AMERICA'S MOST |
TURF CHAMPIONS.
Sale continues Thanks-

 

PROMINENT OWNERS,

Sale opens with (be greateon-
sigument of the late

MARCUS DALY

Monday morning, Nov,
io o'clock sharp. sea

WM. B. FASIG,
Aatfloaeer

  

(Wo Postponement.)

~~ ; 7