:
€
‘
;

 

 

eT grr

a

 

n
The soar S |
|
PHMURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2a, 1000
Sabectiptions br Mall Postpaid
DAILY, per Monto “=
ALLY, per Year
SUNDAY. per Year 200
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year “=

AILY AND SUNDAY, per Month

Postage to foreign coun @ re rdded
‘ fue Son New York Cys

Panis—Kiosque No |? near Grand Hot, and

Kloeque Na 1° Boulevard dea Capuetnes

It our fetends who fator us whh manuscripts for
publication wish to hare rejected articles returned, they
mvuat (n aki cages send manips for (Rat purpose

The Diesfranchising States and the
Constitution.

For many venrs, owing to the South's im-
movable adherence to the Democrattc name,
the vote for its metnbers of Congress has
heen almost insignificant. The absence of |
the negroes from the polls was bluntly ae- |
‘ounted for by Ben Tituman when speak-
ing on the bill for the government of |
Hawail last February: ‘‘ We bulldozed the |

|

niggers and we shot ‘em.”’ Recently, how-
ever, the negroes have been disfranchised
by statute, under circumstances that swept
away all possibility of doubt that they were
disfranchised because they Were negroes,
contrary to the Fifteenth Amendment of the
Constitution forbidding the denial of the
suffrage to men on acoount of their color

The prevailing opinion among the politt-
cians beginning to assemble in Washington
is said to be opposed to any action on the
part of Congress in consequence of this new
departure in the exercise of State authority.
It is thought to be advisable, for one con-
sideration or another, to ignore the dis-
franchisement and to keep the power of
the vote-suppressing constituencies in the
House of Representatives and tn the Flec-
toral Colleges equal to the power of the
constituencies in which votes are not sup-
pressed

The Fifteenth Amendment to the Consti-

tution was built upon the Yourteenth

|
Amendment, which says
When the right to vote at any election for the |
choice of Electors for President and Vice-President of
the United States, Representatives tn Congress, the |
executive and J dicial offcers of « S.ate or the mem |
ners of the Legislature (hereof, 18 dented to any of
the male {nhabitants of such State, being 2) years |
of age and citizens of the United States, or tn
soy way abridged, except for participation in rehel-
ion or other crime, the dDasis of representation therein
shall be reduced {i the proportion which the number
of sueh male citizens siiall bear to the whole number
of male cittzens 21 years of age in such Siate |
Here isa higher law than expediency or
sentiment or any other motive known to
politics. It 13 a positive mandate to give to
a certain act a definite result, not as a
punishment, but as a requirement of the
American political system. Failure ao to
do will be a violation of the Constitution,
plain, deliberate and as dangerous as such
a policy must inevitably be, It will be Jm-

tion of States that have recently disfran-
chised a large body of thelr voters can
Constitutionally be left undisturbed.

 

A High Judicial Opinion of the Rich-
ardson-Barcus Enterprise.

The Supreme Court of the State of New
York in the Eighth Judicial district ren-
dered a decision at Buffalo on Tuesday
which will make the Hon, James D. Ricu-
arnson redden to his heels, if sensitiveness
Barcus will
Nor

to vublic shame is in him.
not .urm color, Nor will Bop er.
wil! HALLAM,

This {3 one of the cases tn which the
“Committees on Distribution” attempts
to oollect by legal process $34 and costs
from a kicking victim whose name has
been selected. The Buffalo gentleman
whose name had been selected signed the
nsua!l “application blank” submitted to
him by Barcus’s sleek talker. Discovering |
later the character of the enterprise, he |
refused to take the books or pay the $34,
into the pockets of Ricuanpson, Barcra,
BopMer and Haniam. He was sued in
the Municipal Court at Buffalo on the al-
leged “contract.” The defence was mis-
representation and fraud. Banevs was
beaten in the lower court. He appealed
to the Supreme Court, whence he has been |
ejected with these ernphatic and indignant
comments from the bench ringing in "

|
|

perialism.
We see no way in which the representa-
|
|

ears and in the ears of his partners:

* The plain purpose of the person who originated
thie system of obtaining suber cers for these books
wan to defraud the public © very
of the name | Committee on Tiist ! Which this
plaintiff sare he did assume ae Loeiness name or
style, imparte a fraud * * * The aseumption
of that atyle and method of dotme bustnesa plainiv |
reveala the fact that this platotif’ intended to aend |
out bis emissanes of agente to effectuate hia frand
itent imtent by making just as false etatementa ag
were made by PRNDLFTON to the defendan. In
feed, the statements made by PEND! PTON were ‘9
etact line with the paper to which he procured the
signature of the defendant, the whole being a gross
fraud and tmposition upon the defendant, who waa}
‘ndneed to believe by these statements and papera |

|
!

easumption

 

 

that he was one of a few favoted individuals who
might purchase an tnvalnable work which could not
he obtained in any other manner or from any other
enurce than that thus offered, and thattl he neglected
to close with auch an offer instantiy he would be for-
ever deprived of having tn his possession this great
cork. © * © This paper ‘the ‘application blank’
ipon the face of {t imparted the aame false and frand-
‘lent statements as (hose really made by the plain-
Was porticens ecrimints
‘mn the transaction. Such @ scheme, per
meated with fraud from etart to Anish, should not he
permitted by sanction of any aourt to anecerd.”

dou dttens,
‘ee

17's agent, tho

It may he remarked {n passing that
the person whose character and purposes

are thus tneidentaliy but vigorously
sketched in Justice CrInog'R deeision,
proposed himself to tha  Kepubitean

party in the Fifth Indiana district as its
eandidate for Congress spring, but
was defeated for the nomination, largely,
as we are informed, on of the
notoriety which the operations of the “Come.
mittee on Distribution” had even then
obtained What a resplendent ornament
Rarcrs would have been to the Republican j
majority in the Fiftv-seventh House if ;

last.

account

had acquired a seat Just acrors the aisle
from the Hon, James D

Fennessee!

Rieu anpson of

This ts the first case, as far as we know,
in which a of the “Come
mittee on Distribution " against one of its |
selected ones has been thrown out of court |
for broader reasons than epecifie misrepre- |
sentation by the agent, the sleek talker, |
in his personal intercourse with the vietim
When proofs of impudent swindling by the
sleek talkers have been brought to the ar
tention of the Hon. James D). Hicnarnsosx
on the floor of the House or elsewhere, that |
statesman has had his answer ready at |

and; Banners was the business end of |
the concern and he, Kicnarpsoyx, would |
make a point of speaking to Bancrs about
t. Barervk was an honorable man, and |
the lat person in the world to tolerate !
fraud and lying by his representatives, ,

collection suit

‘

| eral
| deeply philanthropic interest in the die

, cocted by HatLnam,

| firmed. °

The lngenuows Manes, Io hie turn, professes
unfamiliarity with the detaila of the * Com-
Mittewa” operation he ia very busy
with other things, hae been away muah,
hae studied law, a angions to bald apa
professional rather than a commeretal
and while matntaining a @en
over the business and a

reputation
overeaht

eemination of Ritenannaon'a invaluable
contribution te American hletory, he must
really refer inquirera to Roowen for inti
mate particulare, Ronomen, on being
sharply preeeed, aa he was by Senator
PLKina and other members of the Senate
Committee on Printing at the investigation
Inst May, admite that there may have been
some exuberanoe of statement by a few of

the sleek young men, and aome lies told in |

formal inatructions
to those young men, but the bad agente
were dlacharged when they were caught
transcending the truth, and the lies in the
seeret instreections furnished to the agents
his, Bopomen’s, but were con
Thus Hai.am, being
at the tail end of the administration,
catehes the final impact of the odious re-
sponsibility pushed along down the line
all the way from RicHanpson
has not yet been heard in his own behalf.

It will be observed that Judge CaILDs's
opinion sweeps away all this elaborate
mechaniam of evasion and carries the
fraud directly home to the principals. It
is not a mere question of the falsehoods
told by unscrupulous agents, or of un-
authorized circulars and instructions put
forth in the name of the * Committee on
Distribution” by HaunamM. Judge CHILps
finds, as Tur Stun found long ago, that the
whole scheme is permeated with fraud from
start fo finish. ‘The original purpose waa to
swindle the public. The entire machinery
of the pretended “Committee” {s em-
ployed to deceive the public, to influence
salea by means of a false semblance of
Governmental character and authority,
and to obtain the money of citizens by
means of “ gross fraud and imposition.”

It ia true that the report of the Senate
Committee on Printing said something
of the same kind, but that comparatively
mild rebuke fades in the presence of this
tighteously indignant denunciation from
the lips of ajust Judge. Let us see whom
itstrikes? We quote first from the teati-
mony of BopMeEr before the investigating
committee on May 10, 1900:

“Senator ELKINS— The Committee on Distribution
is composed of three members yourself, Mr. Har-
LAM and Mr. Barcus?

“Mr. LOOMER—Yes, atr.

“Senator ELKINS—Mr. Barcus !s the Oommittee
on Distribution. and you two participate only in the
profits?

“Mr. BODMER-—Yes, sir: Dy contract.

‘* Senator ELKINS-Is your Interest one-tepth, or
one-fAfteenth, or one-tweniteth? I do not wish to ask
you what you Get ous of it.

“Mr. BODMER—I have @ third interest in the
profits

“Senator ELEINS-A
profits?

“Mr BopMer~—If the Committee would allow, I
should like not to have that published. I will accede
to the wishes of the Committee, however.

* Senator EL BINS-—I will subdmit ft to the Chatrman.

“The Chatrman (Senator PLarr)—I think, {nae
much as you have asked the question, it had better
appearon the record. We do not wish to suppress
anything.

** Senator EL&Ins—You hare athird interesdin the
profits, and Mr. Hat.i.am has what interest?

“Mr. BODMER--Mr. HALLAM has @ royalty on
each sale.

** Senator ELKINS— He bas Do tnterestin the profits?

“Mr. BODMER-—He does not have to walt for his
profits.

** Senator ELKINS~—Mr. BARCUS gets two-thirds of
the profits and you get one-third, after paying Mr.
HALLAM his royalty and paying all other expenses?

“Mr. BODMER—Ves @tr

Senator JONeS of Arkansas Mr. HALLAM gets
aroyalty® Explain tnat

Mr. HODMER-It !s an agent's commission as
Sales tnanager of the business.

Senator ELKINS-—Thatreally reduees it t two.
The ownershipisin Mr. Barcrs?

“Mr. BODMER--Yes, sir

And from BaRcvus's own testimony before
the same committee on May 2:

“Senator ELKINS~-You pay Mr. RICRARDSON
the same soyalty on the superior set that you do on
the cloth set?

“Mr, BARCUS—Yes, oir.

“Senator ELKINS—I understand Mr. RIcRARD-
SON gets 75 cents for one set?

“Mr. BARCUS—That Is right.”

And now from Mr.Sporvrorn's testimony
concerning the method by which he was
induced to hire out to the ‘‘ Committee on

the “ Committea’s *

were not

full third tnterest in the

! Distribution,” for a pittance of $1,000 and

afterward $2,000 a year, euch literary repu-

| tation as he possessed and the credit of his
| name as Librarian of Congress during many

years:
“In April, 1808, Mr. RICHARDSON came to me one
day in the Library with Mr. HALLAM, I think, who ts
connected with this publishing enterprise, and asked
me would J consent to ald him tn the tndex, and, as
he had formed a connection with Mr. BARCUS for

| the publication of the work, would I give the benefit

of my Jidgmentand experience to the proper word-
tng of circulars and advertisements 1 was offered,
not by Mr. RICHARDSON but by Mr. BARCUS, com-
pensation

‘ The Chatrman [Senator PLAatT)—Were they to
gether at that time?

“Mr SPOFPORD—Mr. BARCUS was not thera Mr.

| RIcwaRDSON, Mr. HALLAM Bnd I were together. I

garchimno decisive answer | aaid ‘I would eon-
siderthis, which isa grave matter, and reply in @

| Gay ortwo.’”

Six months later the agenta of Barcus
received credentials in the following form,
typewritten on the official stationery of
the House of Representatives, and signed
with Jamis D. RicHaRDson's rubber stamp,
as part of their swindling outfit:

“HOUSP OF REPRESENTATTVRS, U, 8.
“WASHINGTON, D.C, OCTORRR --, 1898

* DEAR SIR I take pleasure in informing gon
that your appointment as a Member of the Com-
mittee on Jiistribution in the mattar of ‘Mee-
sages and Vapers of the Presidents’ has been oon-

ee
Messagesand Papers of the Presidents’ cannot
now be obtained by persons appiring to thetr Con-
@ressmen, asthe allotment to oficials for distribution
Was exhausted some time ago, and thousands of de-
mands were made for this work before the present ar
rangement to furnish it at this low rate.

. . . . . . .

“The edition we are furnishing ts printed from Govw-
ernment plates, and contains identically the same
maiter, line for line, page for page. The binding ta
much more handsome, durable and sultable for l1-
brary purposes

“You will under noctreumatances place more than

| one eet toa person of the allotment which ts made for

your district. © © °
“ Yours tery truly,
* JAMES D. RICHARDSON.”

It is not to prove over again a proved
case that we now group together these
fetes concerning the inception of the enter-
t rise described on Tuesday by the Supreme
Court of this State as "' permeated with fraud
from start to finish."’ Congress ts about
to meet, and the responsibility for the
continuance of the fraudulent business,
which, as Justice Carips saya, “should not
be permitted by the sanction of any court,”’
rests upon the House of Representatives,
whereof the Hon, James D. RicHarpson
is & prominent member, Congress, at
his enger solicitation, donated to him
aset of duplicate plates of a Government
document he had compiled from the public
archives, His first step was to affix thereto
an illegal and fraudulent copyright in
his own name.
make his bargain with Bascus. His third

HALLam |

His second step was to |

wae to take the precious Matta to the
Library of Congress and introduce him to
the more of leas unsophiationted Aporrorn
From that time on he haa heen the continu
ing beneficlary, aa he waa the original pro
moter, of this impudent, ayatermatic awindla
whieh Judge Corto characterizes in the
judicial remarke quoted ahowe Every lie,
every falan pretence, every iniarapresenta
tion of Matias’ @ Iterature or Banera’a and
Kopwen « agente haa profited the pocket
, ofthe Hon Jamea D. Krenannron
The Congress of which Rrowanpson taa
member owes something to ita own good
name and to the dignity of the Government
in the eyan of the people. The way to atop
the fraud ta to tsaue a new Government
edition of the '' Messages and Papers of the
Presidents,” and to provide for the sale of
the same to all citizens at the coat of pro-
duction, that {s, at about $6 a eet instead of
the $34 which the Richardson-Barcus gang
charges ita victims. That will drive the
swindlers out of the market,

|
| A joint reaolution of just that sort and |
| for just that purpose passed the Senate not |

long before the adjournment of the last
| session. The resolution is now in) the
| House, reposing in a pigeonhole
| the Committee on Printing, All that the
honest members of the House, Republicans
and Democrats, have to do in order to put
an end to this scandal is to call for that
resolution, get hold of it, and pass it.
|

What Will Kruger Do?

Of Mr. Krttoer'’s purpose in visiting
Purope at this time no indication has yet
been given by the ex-President himeelf,
or by Dr. Lerps, the diplomatic repre-
sentative of the Transvaal. Is he caress-
ing the vain hope of securing the mediation
of any European Government or of the
Or haa he in mind the
desperate course pursued by THEMIS.
TocLes and by Napo.Eon; and, by way
of emphasizing an appeal to Queen Vic-
oRta, does he mean to place himself in the
landing

United States?

hands of the British people by
voluntarily on British soil?

It fs undeniable that there are strong
grounds for Mr. KrtGer's appeal to the
compassion of civilized mankind. The
struggio of the South African Republio
and the Orange Free State against Great
Britain was as truly a war for independence
as was the contest that began at Lexing-
ton. It {s true that {n the Transvaal the
franchise was subject to restrictions that
constituted a serious grievance in the
eyes of a large part of the white popula-
tion. In the American Colonies, also, a
considerable part of the whites had to
complain of similar disabilities, It 1s fur-
ther charged that the Boers have treated
the Kaffirs, or native persons of color,
with a severity that made the status of the
latter scarcely distinguishable in some
particulars from that of involuntary servi-
tude. In the Thirteen Colonies at the
outbreak of onr Revolutionary War, as
well as afterward, hundreds of thousands
of blacks were held in slavery pure and
simple. It ts certain, therefore, that the
free burghers of the South African Re-
public and the Orange Free State deserve
the pity and good will of liberty-loving
Huropeans as much to-day as our American
forefathers deserved to arouse euch senti-
ments on the part of generous-minded
Frenchmen a century and a quarter ago.
Neither can {t be disputed that the Boers,
now threatened with political effacement,
if not with physical annihilation, deserve
and ought to command the aympathy of
enlightened Europeans and Americans no
leas thoroughly than the Polea deserved
and commanded {t, from the time when

their freedom was extinguished by the |

third partition of their country up to the
date of their latest uprising against Russian
domination. It ‘8 a mere quibble to say
that the question of Boer independence ts
rea odjudicata. England had no more
right to proclaim the annexation of the
Orange Free State and the ‘Transvaal after
the capture of Bloemfontein and Pretoria
than she would have had to announce the
subjugation of her Thirteen Colonies after
the capture of New York and Philadelphia.
The Boer forces still in the fleld under Gen.
De Wet and Gen. Bota are no worse off

the Continental Army under WASHINGTON
at Valley Forge.

It must, at the same time, be acknowl-
edged that compassion seldom plays a
potent part {n international politics, Of
all the European Powers, the Bourbon
Governments of France and Spain alone
interposed on behalf of the American com-
batants for liberty, and there is reason to
believe that they were impelled in no small
measure by traditional jealousy of Eng-
land. France had the loss of Canada
' and Spain the loss of Gibraltar to avenge.
jot a single European nation has ever
lifted a hand for the deliverance of the
Poles; even NAPOLEON, who might have
rescued them, perfidiously declined to do
so, The Christian Powers even shrank
from overt interposition to shield the
Greeks from massacre at the hands of the
Ottoman forees under the command of
Ipranm™ Pasha, and the famous Battle of
Navarino, which, practiqally, gave liberty
to Greace, must be described as an accident.
KossutH was recetved with enthusiasm
in Great Britain and the United States:
nevertheless, his visit had no International
resulte. Unsurpassed was the ardor with
which the British people welcomed Gari-
FRALDI at a time when he was the repulsed
invader of the Papal States, and an exile
from the Kingdom of Italy. The British
Government, however, quickly put a stop
to the demonstrations, At
conjuncture there is no reason to expect
that the popular acelamationa with which
Mr. Kri'cer will be greeted in
Belgium and Holland—acclamations that

Ruseia—will be transmuted into any diplo-
matio representations on behalf of the
cause which he personifies, The
interrelations of the Christian Powers,
brought about by their joint Interests
in China, render it impossible that any
Enropean Government should now wish to
affront England by a proffer of mediation,
which, as it knows, would be construed
as an unfriendly act, All thia will he made
perfectly clear to ex-President Krtcrr
immediately after his arrival, if {t is not
already known to him.

Must he then look upon his mission to
Europe as entirely futile? Is there at the
end of the nineteenth century no august
and beneficent tribunal to which a eup-

close

pliant nation may appeal through the
mouth of ita Chief Magistrate? Why

should he not carry out gbe intention,
sometimes ascribed to him, of addressing
his petition directly to Queen Victonta
herself, and, through her, to the British
| people? He would only ask, we are told,
such autonomy as Canada enjoys; such
{autonomy as Lord Dunnam, with far-
sighted equity, conferred upon the French-
Canadians after their abortive rebellion.

THE SUN, THURSD

at this moment than was the remnant of |

the present |

France, |

may be echoed in Germany, Austria and |

' Are the Britiah people lease magnanimous
than they were aisty yeara ago” Are they
lvoe juet? WH they not reeognite that,
in the eyes of unswerving Juation, the Boers
are more worthe of autonomy than were
the Preneh-Canadiana, for the former
were not aubjeeta of Great ritain, The
ples for superb forbearance and lofty
(ith terested yeaa would he immensely for-
tied (f Mr Kattarn should urge it in per
ron by going over quietly from France
or Holland in a passenger steamer to the
Hritiah shores. Undoubtedly, his pres
ence in England would be as unwelcome
to Mr. Citamaennain as would that of
Naporvon have been to the British Mints-
tere im 1815,
| As Lord Roagneny has lately pointed
, out, Lord Livenroot. confessed to CasTLr-
RKAGI that the extatence of NaPpotron Bo-
NAPARTRE in the island of Great Britain,
even a8 a prisoner, would have been a
peril to the Tory Administration, in
spite of its huge majority in the House
of Cotnmonsa, The fallen Emperor, he said,
would be an object, first, of curios-
ity, next, of compassion, and, eventually,
) Of admiration and devotion. It is un-
| QUéstionably true that the English, though
| cota upon the surface, are large-hearted
| ane chivalrous at the core, They are
capable of splendid unselfishness and of
| herolo abnegation, No man famillar with
their history can tell what might be the
effect of Mr. Kni'cer'’s appeal to them
through their beloved sovereign, ospecially
if {t were supported by the touching proof
f confidence that his personal presence

|
|
|
|

would afford. This prediction, at all events,
we risk—-that never would the British people
permit him to be sent to join Gen. CRoNJE
at St. Helena,

 

 

The Police and Vice and Crime.

The theory put forward by ‘' A Patrolman
of the Fourteenth Precinct "in Tar SUN of
Tuesday, that the vice now under police
protection an illegal license {n New York
is necessary to preserve womanly virtue from
assault, is old, but it is now and it always
has been utterly fallacious. Moreover, it
bears no relation whatever to the police
question as brought out {nm the letter of
Bishop Porter to the Mayor.

‘The situation in New York against which
public decency {is now arrayed--and we
hope not spasmodically merely, as at the
time of the Lexow investigation—has noth-
ing to do with that theory or any theory, but
is a notorious fact, disgraceful to a civilized
community. No argument as to the tn-
evitable and ineradicable exiatence of the
depravity of which the patrolman speaks ts
at all pertinent tothat aituation. Even if we
grant that practically the evil ts inseparable
from society as it is and has been at all
timnes, ancient and modern, under pagan-
| jam and under Christianity, we do not re-

lieve the police inany degree from the degra-

dation into which they have fallen. The
accusation is not that the evil exists, but
that the police are made partners in majin-

taining it, virtual panders, agents of a

base and unlawful system for the extor-

tion of bribes and hush money as the price
of their silence and their neglect touching
it: and that also various distinctly criminal
practices are pursued under this purchased

|
protection,
|
|
|
|

This accusation 1s not founded on mere
suspicion, but on evidence which is indispu-
table. The revenue obtained from: such
police partnership with crime and vice,
under a system long established and car-
ried to great perfection, is unquestionably
| large, even enormous. The Herald of yes-
terday computed that the ‘corruption fund
collected from the lawbreakers in the name
of Tammany Hall" during the month of
October aggregated $305,900 from gambling
houses, poolrooms, policy shops and dis-
orderly houses. Other illegal and criminal
practices and practitioners receive like pro-
tection or purchased toleration by similarly
sharing their profits with the police or the
| authority over the police. Police Captain
| ScHMITTRERGER, testifying on Tuesday at
the trial of a pawnbroker accused of
| receiving stolen goods, when asked if he
got money from gambling houses, replied,
| ‘No, but others did;"’ and when preased for
| an explanation he said, ‘‘ The money was
givento meand I passeditonup.” That,
naturally, is the method of procedure, for
obviously 60 great a revenue would not he
left altogether as the perquisite of the police
agents collecting it. It or the main part of
it is ‘'passedonup:"' but to whom? That
itis extorted on a great scale is no secret,
but where precisely the vast sum goes can
only be suspected, though that {it is to
the authority over the police {s reasonably
inferable.

That is the great evil with which the citi-

AY, NOVEMBER 22,

Se nn

| gens of New York have to deal, and they |

; can eradicate it in no other way than by

| driving from Municipa! power and influence

| this corrupt and corrupting authority. The

question is not as to the necessity of vice

| for the protection of virtue. Tt coneerns

| the protection and stimulation of vice and
erime by the police in return for bribes and
hush money systematically collected.

The police force cannot justly be accused
of having created this infamous system.
The great mass of these officers of the peace

are men of intelligence, self-respecting and
faithful to their duty, who are as much out-
raged by these proceedings as are decent
citizens generally. They are humiliated by
them. Probably comparatively few in the
| police ranks are engaged as active agents in
the vile business, though the existence of
the system must be known to all of them.
(General demoralization of the force, accord-
| ingly, is the inevitable result.
That is the evil to be combated and over-
| thrown Obviously the destruction can
never be accomplished by the Police Com.
missioners and the authority over them, for
the authorship of the infamous system must
have beenin them. Of course, a Police De-
| partment investigation of its own degrada-
| tionis absurd. So also is an investigation
by Tammany Hall, the authority over the
police. The only investigation which wil!
amount to anything and promise any pos-
| sible remedy must come after the Municipal
| Government of New York has been purged
, of Tammany influence,

Only after that is done at the Municipal
election of next year will the theory pro-
pounded by this patrolman of the possible

| Hmits of social purification become perti-
nent. The rescue of the police from a cor-
rupt, demoralizing and pernicious partner-
ship with vice and crime is now a duty
before the people of New York, and to that
purification there are no possible or tol-
erable limits

 

 

The Rew Janrs M. WaITON of the Congrega-
tional Chureh ts reported by the New Verk
Times as having made this remark, in the
cours? of an address at the Conference of Reli-
gion, on Tuesday, on “ Ethical Progress in the
Nineteenth Century:

“For one thing, that bu@aboo of endless puniah-
mentinthe heresfter has given place to the creed of
* Whatsoercr a man eo weth, thatsball he reap’ * Dt-
vine judgment’ has marked a half way house where

~ es eect bine

1900.

men ean change earafrom (he down arade to the ap
aad

From what religious creed of etatement of re-
Neiows belief and doetrine in whieh endless
punlehment wae an article of faithat any time
fn this century of atany period before thie cen
tury haw (hat bugaboo been expunged, Mr.
Waitox? In what Chureh teaching it in the
past la there now ewan under consideration any
proposition te geicet 1? The movement
for the revision of ths Weatminater Con
fea ion in the Presbyterian Chureh, for in
stance, has never quostoned ‘endless puntah-
ment much leas ventured to demand its
rejectionasanartiole offalth, The doctrine of
hell remaina untovuehed in all the orthodox
Churches of Christendom If
to these Churches have denied it and substi-
‘uted for it any other, they have made a creed
for themselves which contradicts the creeds
they profess,

Whenever eix-day rices have taken place in

 

 

the past, such as the bicycle race for women |

now in progress in Brooklyn, there has been,
from certain quarters, a loud protest aguinat
them on the ground that they impaired the
riders’ health. ‘This notion waa expressed fre-
quently during the progress of the six days
races iu this city, in which male riders omly ap-
peared, Of course the fallacy of {t has since
been proven conclusively by the condition
of the men engaged in such contesje, and
notably by the physical health of HAs, the
Irish champion, who bas perhaps participated
in more long and continuous cycle races than
any oneelse. After all his great rides Have,
only ashort time ago, completed the astonish-
ing feat of wheeling 100 milesa day (Sundays
excepted) for a year. He was thereupon ex-
amined carefully by aphysician and declared
to be in every respect as sound as a dollar.
‘That removed all question aa to the necesalty
of bodily harm resulting from long-distance
bicycling, 60 far as men were concerned
Strictiy, however, it did not apply to women,
and here is where the present contest {n Brook-
lyn is significant.

Of the six women engaged the names of
three have lately appeared often in the news-
papers in connection with the wheel,
last month Miss Gast travelled 2,000 miles
in 222 hours and 5% minutes,
the end of the task was told by physicians
that she infgbt continue riding. Last August
Mrs. Bayne, another of the Brooklyn
riders, rode 4,500 rifles inside of thirty days.
At last accounts she was well up with the leader,
ang waa feeling atrong. In July Mrs, linpsay
lowered the record thenexisting for continuous
eycling over a distance of 1,500 miles.

The appearance of ali three of these women
indicates that cycle contests are as safe for
women as for men,

 

When the people of the rest of the country percetye,
as they will tn me. and as Southern people have
long since learned by sad expeririuce, that the right
given to a horde of tgnorant and untrustworthy
blacks to govern wherever in the ma jority resultsin «
monstrous condition of affairs, the Lue aud ery
against frarch'se restrictions fotended to alleviate
euch conditions will no longer be heard auy where.
~ Macon Telegrapn.

There is no such hueand cry. No obfection
is made in any part of the Union to franchise
restrictions which are fn accordance with tle
Constitution and with fustice; and practically
such strictly Conetitutional restrictions would
remedy the condition of which the Macon paper
complains. But disfranchising wegro iterates,
while putting a premium on white illiteracy by
disoriminating {n its favor by giving {t the
franchise, offends against the Constitution and
brings reproach on Southern etvilization.

 

CANADA'S ELECTION,

Ory of French Domination Detracte From
Laurter's Success—Defeat of Former Lead-
ers Means New Blood for the Conservatives.

Montnean, Nov 21.--The overwhelming ma-
fority given to Sir Wilfrid Laurter in the recent
elections by his Frenoh compatriots {is produc
ing the anticipated effect. The cry of French
dom!natton is ringing in the Tory press in al! its
variations, andnot a few of those who have
been elected as Liberals among the English Ca-
nadians are considering whether they should
not take un an independent, or at least a walt-
ing attitude, until the situation is more clearly
defined. Sir Wilfrid himself does not regard
his position with entire equanimity and would
willingly dispense with some of his French ma-
jority In Quebec 'f he could have even the same
moderate majority he hadin Ontarto in the last
Parifament. The election, {nstead of strengt!-
ening him, has sensibly weakened his position,
and itis generally felt that unleas something
unexpected happens his Government can hardly
hold out berond two seastons.

The obliteration of the old Tory leaders, Eng-
Mesh and French, will provein the end a great
advantage to the Conservative party. It starts
tn the new Parliament hampered by none of the
antecedents of the fallen leaders, and {f those
who come to the front to take theirplaoes have
the sense to consider the interests of Canada
before those of any other country, they can
evsily recover the ground they lost under their
late chiefs i

Although the excitement of the contest has

not vet passed off, there are already eigns thar a
third and easentiaily Canadian party aunts
the outcome of the present situation, and that
it will require of the Government more atten-

 

tion to Canadian Interestsand less meddling in |

the affaira of other countries and colonies.
More particularly it will be expected to reonen
Negotiations for an enlarcement of Canadian
trade relations with its nearest neighbor, with-
out which there can be no solid basis for par-
Inanent prosperity in this country, and there ia
reason to believe tha’ early atepa wil! be taken
to try and bring about a resumption of the
negotiations between (ttawa and Washington
that have been so long suspended

The Late Efent. Haeseler.
To TI EMTOR OF THE SUN--Sir: Whata blow

| to the navy to lose such aman as Lieut. Haeseler!

| own negliig¢ with attached coliarand ts a real eon
It has one good advantage at least, in |

Sees

When, as a member of the Nawal Militia, 7 was on
the Texas, we were informed that one of the turrets
would not work and that Ilaeseler was inside discor
ering the cause of the difieultr, We were only

aboard a week (but such a hot weekt) and once or |

twice only we got a glimpse of Haeseler tn bine
fumper and overalls, covered with of] and machine
grime. We don't know how long he had bern
fn that turret with his machinists, crowbars, Ac,
before we came aboard, and we don't know
how long he staved there after we left the ahip, but we
do know that after one giimpse of Haeseler's face a
fulloftgrit and determination, and with the light ofa
great intelligence tin hiseye, not one of uedoubted for
an Instant that the turret would work. Then we
learned afterward that having made ita perfect suc
cess though a slow turret) as you say in your ap-
prectative notice, he “Improved the holsting apparatus
andturning machinery and managed to make the
turret guns (three times more eMclent than they had
teen"

rd not Admiral Phillip when congratulated on tft
Ing the “hoodoo fromthe Texas insist on Haese

Jers standing up with him, andplacing his hand on |

his shou'dersay: ‘This man isentitied to fully halt
the credit of whatever was done for the Texas*
New York, Nov, 21. N. ¥. NAVAL MiLrrta,

Filipino Pattern of Men's Shirt Waists Recom-

mended.

To THE EvrToR OF THE SUN—Sir: In vlew of
the heated controversy at home tn regard to the
snirt walst, low me tooffer a solution of the prot
jem, i @. adopt the Filtpino styleof chirt whien te
made of any kindof thin matertal, from cheese clot)
up, and js allowed full sway, talland all. outside the
wearer's trousers ‘The pattern {8 similarin eut to our

plece of dress
that It compels the hombre to weara clean under
shirt

I have never seen a dirty undershirt on one of our
“Fillpine abirt-watst men” yet

I will receive orders for this new-#tyle abirt and for-

ward as many as ore ordered with a varied assortment |
of colors (which T promise will be loud) on reeetpt of |

$iforeach shirt Very reeprettuiy,
NICODEMUS RENPRPW
Passio, Luyon. PLT, (et. 16

 

To Change the Season of Insagoration.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN. Str: ‘There bas
been a Great dea! said im former years about chang
ing the time of tuauguration owing to bad weather on
the 4th of March. As there will be no change in the
Admipistration, why would not this he a good time for
changy tf advisabiet E. Fvenwan.

Fort WAYNR, Ind, Nov, 18,

f

we wine A ees tilled

men belonging |

Only |

and at!

Tf not,
Geto;

 

™~N

OUR GAWOAN POSaRAAIONS

 

LENTPOAHAND PIV AU SIN RAS.

Commander Titer Neporte That the Vatives | Kéward Krerett Hale Objerte to the Cee of His

Are Pearefol and Inductrions.

Wasitivoron, Now 2) In & report to the
Narr Departrnent dated Pago Pago, Oet. 21,
Commander WV Pilley 1 & N , commandant
of the @tation composed of the Samoan poe
aeesiona of the | oited States, @ave that the
people of the (alands are peaceful, Induetrions
and anciona to troproyge thenmelves

It \s moet @ratifving.” he adda “to be able
| to repert that peace and quletnem prevail
everywhere among the natives and that ther
are becoming mote induetrious and tractable
and are atriving to rise to a higher sondition
They are moet obedient and respectful, even
when | am obliged to refuse their requesta or
' to give decisions upon various matters which
| are disappointing to (hem. inoe my last re-
port I have visited the telanda of Ofu and Ole-

sign of the Manua group. [ found a good
anchorage af both islands and was most oord-
jally received by the natives. Much* attention
is being given everyaherajto the planting of
{| cocvants and bananas, and in. some places
) cocoa trees are beng planted. There will soon
be a large increase ino the productions of the
falands The amount of eopra already e1-
ported thi« vear is touch larger than usual
“The rewenues of the islands Uhos far amounts
te only about iso per month from | custom
dues ind hieenses wsued to traders and others,
so that bam unable te make some much-needed
lnprovements tu the roads and in the en-
tranees through the reefs into a number of
| the suall harbors for lack of funds — it w
| give lich encouragement to these people
if our Government would spend a tew thousand
dollars in this way. They have no tools and
are ignorant in regard to the construction
of roads and bridges, but are willing to give
I have reirained from putting
any tex upon them, as they have contribu!
Liberally to the construction. of schools
and churches and vs yet have not recovered
from the effects of the war I think, however,
that next vear a tax of about 96,000 can be
collected from the islands without causing
any hardship or complaint among the people.
| “The climate of the islands has been
delighttul for the past six months and the
weoneral health of the people is excellent. It
| {9 desirable that a little money should be spent
jin some of the villages to t{mprove the water
supply, which I+ so impure in these places
| as to be dangerous to the health.”

' Vice Not Necessary to Protect Virtae.
| To THz Epitton or Ta SuNn-—Sir: I beg
to take exception to the letter of ‘A Patrolman
of the Fourteenth Precinct,” printed in to-day’s
| ScN. He says that “this prostitution which fs
| denounced is positively a safeguard to the
| young, whose protection {t championa.”’ Is
!
'
|

 

their labor

ver,

thisso? Is this vice of the lower East Side and
of the so-called ‘Tenderioin ‘ that flaunts itself
80 boldly and openly before young boys and
young girls not yet in thelr teen, “a safeguard
tothe young?’ Would “A Patrolman” wish to
priug up his daughter in euch a contaminating
atmesphere and would he feel that there she
was sufeguarded agatust temptation? Ido not
think so

You cannot defend immorality by quoting
Deuteronomy and Leviticus. Because the social
evil existed in the days when Deuteronomy and
Leviticus were written {is no reason why tt
should exist to-day. ‘To argue that a certain
number of women must sacrifice themselves

upon the unholy altar of impurity in order to be
the means of the salvation of the purity of their
sisters isto make the fallen woman the best
friend of her sex, instead of the miserable
| creature she is actually, the terrible wreck of
womanhood. Ask the mnothers and fathers of
the beautiful voung girls who have been lured
away from their homes by false promises toa
life of <earmne if the professional pursuit of vice
“jan safeguard to the voung.” :
Although weknow that polygamy atill existe
int teh, toalimited extent, it is compelled to
existin private. Before whe act of Congress
making nolyeamy a erime, the Mormon Church
preacied the doctrine of polygamy, and the men
of the Mor‘ron faith were allowed a plurality of
wives Slooe Congress made polygamy a crime
punishable by tinprisonment, however, the Mor-
mon Church has ceased to preach polygamy
and the greater number of the Mormons are to-
day monogamists. What Congress has done to
eradicate polygamy, Congress, or the Legisla-
ture of the State, can do tosuppress the social
ev l but society must aay the word first before
the Legisiature can act, If society is willing to
condone the vice. the Legislature can do noth-
ing: buitif eociety desires to obliterata it en-
tirely it can be done with eafety to the sanctity
of the home. F.M.C
New York, Novy, 20.

 

Vermont Orders a Portrait of Liscum,

Moytretien, Vt., Nov. 21.-The House of
Representatives yesterday afternoon adopted
a resolution authorizing the Governor to have
painted the portrait of Brig.-Gen. Liseum,
who fell in the fighting in China while in com-
mand of the American troops. Gen, Liscum
was a native of Verinont. The portrait of Capt

' Clark of the Oregon has Just been hung.

ome

1 am the Horse.
Get onto me,
And when you're gpt on to me,
You've got on to something
‘That will take you there.
If notthe glass of faahion,
Tam the mou!d of form,
‘The observed of all observers,
And naturally | feel my oats,
But I'm not proud,
I'm but apprectative
Of the courtesies extended to me
(in this auspicious occasion.
r The blood of kings and queens
* Courses through my veins,
| And my hoofbeats thunder
' Down the corridors of time.
' Man's history is mine.
Ana I have casried him
Along a thousand paths to Fame,
And been his throne
Upon a thousand gory fields.
Through sandy waste
And wilderness of wood
I Dreak the was;
I draw the plough of peace
Or jead the battle charge,
lama pampered pet
Or hardy plonesr:
A peasantora prince,
1 And, high or low,
| Or great or small,
Hine blood or red,
lam always a Good Thing.
{ Don't biteh your wagon to a atap
j liut bitch {t to a horse
Tf you wantto arrive.
Is my motto,
And Lam prepared at any time
To makelt good.
Some say there areothers,
Perish the thought.
1) 4 you ever see an automohile
Tear upon its hind les
And pranee and snort
And cavortallorera ten-aere lot
An! paw the certh

fess
|

om,

   

 

 

And kick up ite heels
And b ich tts flowing taf!
Throug eciroumamblent atmosphere?

Yon newer did
never wil

For oot
I

IS TENBONS

Ve artomobile can run

When somehors runett
And@hat site limit
PRitl eo, with or withont

And when the sides of erening fall
And folly farmer Wheathelds
Tn town al dav. sets out for home
Accompanid tw a jag
Ofanch proportions that he doean't
j Know anvining or where

He'sat—I gentiy jog atone

And take him safely back
danantomobdile dothat®

| Say now. conid it?
In Art I mathing of beauty
Arda joy forever

Andina Porsy I'm an tnapiration;
Jias Pegasus
A steam engine tn bis etomach’
Or docs he drin gasolene
And tatelectricity?
} T pause for a reply
In the Bucephallan legend
j ofthe past I glory ttt,
Antit's Safe to bet your money
That the same Ll ever wil)
Man's need as well as pleasure
It has been mv meed to meet,
| And Tstiilam his with fytnge
Or with fatthful plodding fret.
He has proved methrougb «2 thousand
Vears of trust, and txed my fame,
And deaple all innovatirs
Iwill aay there Just the sam-,
And dot you forget! .
Are sou on’

1 won't hiex, wJkh

Ractety's Name ‘

The Rev Kdeard Krerett tate, President
of the Tend a Hand Bortety of Boston, which
lean incorporated organization with charitable

) ends has written to Tum St». protesting againes
the vee of the society's name for monevemaking
purposes by peresonein New Vork He er
closed a circular sent oyt by a Lend @ Han
Society from 40 Weet Twenty-second atree
At the topofthe circular is a halftone grey

picture of ten very good-looking young women
who are described ty an un erline ae beta
the members of the Lend a Hand Boctets
Heneath the cutis printed a letter saying that
with the lotter are aent six paire of “gold plated
handy pins” The recipient ts aaked to eend
three dimes to the society and keep the pina
“We are not objecta of charity,” says the
aroulas, “but our fittie society of etn wi out
capital are trying to make a living selling these
goods ip thie way ”
This poyiscript is added, giving the letter a

dist pet y feminine rouge
e hope you will let ua h i
promptly, for if you don't, we satis ee
a Tn his letter, Mr. Hale
n his ietter, Mr Hale anys that i”
objection to the young women eeltind a.
but he did obiect to having the name of his
society used for a purely private speculation.
The omtce of the lene “4 Hand Society at
40 West Twenty-second street ican
of Loring & Co, dealers in patent medic
''The manager of the society is Abbott Loring.
the head of the Loring Company. He told a
SUN reporter yesterday that the v women
were employees of hia. They were Tying to
make a little extra money, he said, in thie way.
and he was wring to help them. The .
been chosen without the know! oe
or their part that there was
organization with that name
a fer week Weta and test
8, “and as about ,
of the recipients keep the SO bes send
b the 8 cents, I can't say that it has &
business. There is not the it
about echeme and the
orities have no objection to our
mails. I am sorry that the name
1s the same aa that of the Boston chari
society and steps will be taken to change it.”

TO PAY ITS BUILDING DEBT.

is in the

ack
very
frau

 

Presbyterian Foreign Missions Board fs Rew
Trying to Raise the Money.

Stimulated by conditional gifts from several
persons whose names have not been made
public, the Presbyterian Board of Foreign
Missions has begun a vigorous effort to raise
& fund of $500,)7) toward lifting the mortgage
on the Presbyterian building at 156 Fifth eve-
nue, An appeal was issued reste
board through the Rev. Dr, — ahs atone
the Corresponding Secretary, in which it was
announc that “a liberal supporter of ali
beneficient work” had offered to give 27,%
toward the building debt on condition t4
ber cent. of the annual interest shall be paid
to him or hia wife surviving hirn till death, and
That $80),9)) additional shall be ratsed by the
boards before March 12, 191, Another friend
lias subscribed $5),909, payable within a year
on condition of raising the whole $309,990, ‘Btill
another friend, « woman, has offered to give
$100,009 on condition of receiving 4 per cent.
interest on that amount during her iffe.

Phe building, the title of which isin the Board
of Yoreign Missions and the Board of Home
filesions Jointly, has already reached @ pay-

basis,

 

——

A PREHISTORIC UBN,

Contribution of a Peruvian Orphan Asyium-te
the Galveston Sufferers.

WASHINGTON, Noy. 21.—The State Depart-
ment has been informed by Minister Neill at
Lima, Peru, that the inmates of the Lima Or-
phan Asylum have forwarded to the United
States a golden urn as a contribution to the

fund for the ald of the Galveston flood sufferers.
The urn was discovered June 10, 1899, {in a bury-
ing ground that had been ised y pre-hiatorio
raves of Peru, on_an estate called Extonte Rio
Grade,” not far from Lima. The weight of
the urn {fs 224 grains, or seven ounces. The
metal is similar to the electrum of Pliny and
that called by Herodotus “Aaukos Xouoos.”
‘The urn has engraved on each side a human
pead with the large nose typical of the
{etoric race of Peru, Its value is t fro
int of view. It wil "probabir
aiveston d.,

e benefit of the Gi

a historical
be sold for

 

INFIDELS AT ODDS.

Attempt of the Friends of C.C. Moere te Oem
trol the Organization.

Lexinoton, Ky., Nov. 21.—There is @ con-
troversy going on in the ranks of the national
organization of infidela which promises to re-
sult in a clash at the coming meeting tn Cin-

cinnati bet ween the friends and the opponents
of the course of Editor C. C, Moore of Eke Blue.

rosa Blade, who has persisted in expressing
fis ideas in his peper in arnanner objectionable
fo the postal authorities. Heretofore the
friends of the New York coterie paye controled
the offices of the national association. Moore’s
friends will attempt to take the organization
out of their hands.

American Atrocities,

To THe Enitor oF Tre Stn—Sir: Ase reste
dent correspondent here fora foreign dally I
have to watch current events pretty closely, so
as to be able to put the life here in its true Nght }
before European readers. What plausible or |
excusable construction can a truthful corre-
spondent putin his letters to Europe on such
occurrences as the burning alive of the negro
boy in Colorado last week-a Western, nota
Southern town thjs time—and the unspeakable
Paterson crime of a short while ago?

One could find no difficulty in accounting for
crime committed under the maddening impulse
of passion. But how to account, for instanoe, for
the cold-blooded hunt for unoffending negroes
on the atreeta of New York last summer? How
to explain the fuct that out of four hundred “re.
spectable American-born citizens,’ men and
women of the Colorado town, who assembled in
cold blood to burnalive a human being, notone
not one, mind you--was moved to raise nis or

her voice in pity or proteat against the “level-
headed, orderly proceedings.’ which were mora
revolting than anything that was ever done br
aavage Anaches, fully equalling the most
hbloodeurdiing accounts of the doings of Span-
ish inquisitors?

One can readily account for the most atro-
clogs of crimes agains! women, perpetrated by
ant depraved human being: but, do what I mar,

T cannot surinise the excuse of any passion {n

the acta of toir hundred men treating them-

selves to the sight and cries ofa human wreteh
slowly broiled to death, or in the doings of four
men of any erven class -rich or poor, respecta-
bie or otherwise. who, ineold bood plan and
erocute in common an atrocious outrage on the
) senseless and dying body of that factory eitrl.
| |t isafaet-which no one having lived tn

Furope would dare deny--that no auch In-

human, cold-blooded crimes ever oceur in the

Old Werld countries How can one then ex-

plain them to foreign readers as occurring in

thie our boasted “land of the free and the home
of the brave’ —a coontry whose hich Christian
c{vilization "e@ are go eager nowadays [fo en-
grafton the benighted countries of the outaida
world
In what essential traits are American men
and wor en different trorp people of other ne-
tions and races to be so nnsreakab!'s devold of
ailritv asthat?) And whatis a nation coming
to whose foremost citiz¢ns ara able toao enjoy
thesightof a he'plessiv tied, burning, etrua-
gling wre ch as to secre “souvenirs of the
feecasion
Can the most thick headed among us beliere
that the accounts of such doings of ourea would
fail to be spresd broadcast the world over and
culled to nnd by outside people whenever ther
meet Americans, read or hear about them? And
) a neesuch things cannot be hidd-n nor passed
j overin sienes, how toexploin them so as to
| avert from us, as anation, the horror and eor-
' tempt of the civilized outer world?
A CONSCTENTIOUS ORSEREVEB.
New Yorn, Nov 19

 

Cheers for the Secession Confederach

Fromthe Columbia (S. C.) State.

} ‘The Chronicle's account of the Augusta [Gon-
federate’ reunion says: "Gen. Butier end Gen. Oum-
mings were cheered loudly as they took their places

fupen the reviewing stand. Then three cheers
were given for Gen. Walker ‘The Hon. Boy-
kin Wright was loudly cheered and the pri-
vate soldier came im for hte share The
climax came, however, when Major .!. C. C. Black,
standing well to the front of the stand, proposed
‘three cheets forthe Soutbern Confederacy.’ All of
the people within sound of his voice gave the three
ebeers aod a ticer with a roar that seemed to ehake
the great buildings on Broad.”’ We hope the eheers
were loud enough for Thr St to hear!

 

Bishop Tanner Warns Preachers Against
Promiscuous Kissing of Silly Women.
From the Memphia Commereral Appeal
At the West Tennessee Conference of the African
Methodist Eipiseopal Church jesterday Bishop Tan-
ner, {op strong language. condemned the kissing bet
and told the preachers that they were not to 60 around
kissing silly women, for that would cause their down-
fall quicker than anytbing elee. “Save your Whang
for your wife,” he aaid, “and she will apprectate then, 3
and you will ng get into trouble.” a