CONTENTS OF THR

CFTR MMATIONS TN
worth ovrrk

society Tne

ow Dork Vesterdar hy
Manhattanville
Vather

the Event Oheervedin §
a Meunton of Alamnw af
fenvent Archtichop Present
Campbeltown Miaher Pdaration of Women

the Moctety of the Sacred

In the 142 houaes

Ileart, which are in all part of the oiviived
@orld except the continent of Asia the cep
tenary of the aciety wart strated yemterday
in New York the annis iry wae oleerved
by a reunion of the alonta f the Manhat-
tanville convent, wl 1 Hled to the nua
ber of aap at the er ‘ t Niche las and
Convent avenues Ihe ahbont@ tet by ines

tation, as they have no organization, although

they hold « reunion anr willy in the sprint
Yesterday the ceremearies of the centenary
began with ao seller pontifical Nigh tna
at whieh Archbishop Corrigan was the
celebrant The chapel of the convent) wos
fled with the present pupils and the alum a,
the numerous cleray whe cane to tobe part
in the anniversary observances, and the nuns

of the convent

the chapel, all in white dresses, and wearing ) 5

white veils
The assistant priest
Mooney, VieareGeneral

mass wa Mer
Was the

the deacon

at

 

 

 

Rev James W Power, the sub-deacen, the
Nev &. F Slattery. the masters of ceremonies
were the Rev James N Connolly, Archbishop
Corrigan’s secretary, and the Rey Thomas
Fo Myhan The 1 lames MeGean and
the Rev WoL De were honorary deacons
The Rev. Thomas J) Campbell, S od, read a
paper on “The Higher Edveation of Women,

with especial attention to the work of the found.

   

 

 

 

or of the Society of the Sacred Heart, Mme.
Sophie Bara who established the society in
190, when she was 2 yerrs old She hved

to be &S vears old and established one house
for every year of ber life

There are now 7,000 religious in the society,
12,000 pupils in the convent schools and 20,000
pups tn the free sehools The first house of
the society in New York was in Houston street
The Manhattanville convent Was established
there in 147, being transferred from Astoria
Father Campbell in the course of his address
said

The world is very mich exercised at pres-
ent over what it is pleased to consider ite max-
ranimous and novel conception of the higher
education of women Never was se mueh
money expended in a multiplicite of schemes
to further tt, never was ao much of what, by
courtesy, may be called thought bestowed
to perfect it, and in view of all that was ex.
pected never were such tins wiefactory re
avita obtained It could not he otherwise,
for all the splendid erdeavors are one-sided,
il-ndvised and incomplete

“It fe beyond peradventure true that the
scholastic triumphs which constitute the glory
of the nuns of former days have failed oF ace
complishment in our own, — But the blame is to
be put where it belongs. It is the fault of the
age in which we live. It is a threefold com-
bination of a shirking of labor, a squandering
of time in frivolous oeeupations and an tncon-
querahle dread of even temporary seclusion
from the world

“Much is sald about the necessity of con-
venta adapting themselves more than they
do to the requirements of the times in which
we live adapting themselves to the re-

ulrements of the times means yielding more
than they have already done to the clamorous
demands of parents for interruptions of study
and more plunges on the part of their «tudents
into the vortex of the frivolous amusements
of the day, of theatres and receptions and
routs of every deseription, and co nsequently
more relaxation of the moral fibre and more
fnalility to work, then the position of modern
Catholic educators is a hard on, placed as
they thua are between the impossibility of
really educating their charges or the necessity
of closing their establishments

“Thev are confronted not with a problem of
education but of domestic economy. God
grant they mav at least preserve the traditions
of Christdan modesty, and that the swaggering,
overronfident dansel who affects masculine
fashions and, it is said, is cultivating masculine
vices may never {ssue from our convent
schools”

In the afternoon, after luncheon at the con-
vent, there was a reception and exerciaes of a
narrative form, Ulustrative of the history of
three leaders of the society in the Study Maul
Afterward Miea Anne Stewart Baller read an
address on behalf of the alimnm and the Arche
bishop said a few words to the assemblage
Afterward the Archbishop said a «rand bene-
diction in the chapel and the observances of
the day were over, except fer the nuns’ vespers
at evening. To-day the aluring and pupils
and nuns are to have a holiday all by themmel ces

nd on Saturday there will be a holiday cele
Sration for the benefit of the poor children of
the neighborhood

Rishon Farley and the Rev. Fathers Cardella,

Tann, VeMahon, Dyer, Farrell, Dy . Bray-
ley, Craig, Gordon, Wall, Taylor, Healy, Quinn,
Rvan, Keenan, Huntman, Henry and O'Keefe
were among the clergy present vesterday

The Society of the Sacred Heart is devoted
entirely toteaching, andocecuplesa place among
the communities of women in the Catholic
Church corresponding somewhat to that of
the Jesuits among those of men — Its members
include representatives of families of wealtn
and social position.

 

  

 

   

THE OPERA.

“Tl Trovatore’’ With Phabe Strakosch in the
Role of Leonore.

Verdi's “ll Trovatore” is one of the Italian
operas that retains its national title under
all clroumstances in this country. If it were

ever to disappear the time is now tavoratile,
but it is as highly respected during the Enelish
season at the Metropolitan as it ever was
during more polya@lot times. Elsewhere the
name of the work has been translated into the
language in which itis sung But the Italian
words are evidently an essential part of the
opera here

Tast night the representation at the Met-
ropolitan brought forward a new Leonore
fn the person of Phousbe Strakosch, who had
not sung the role before. Minnie Tracey
had first been announced for the performance
Misa Strakosch is always capable and shows
the results of artistic training and routine
William Mertens who assumed the pale blue
searf of Dilunafor the first time had iis usual
strugWle with the vernacular and sang ar-
tistically. Joseph Sheehan exhibited his top
notes to the usual advantage in the stretta
Louise Meissiinger was a dramatic Azucena

Friedrich Voelker Gives a Concert,

There is no particular reason why Fried-
rich Voelker should have given a concert at
Mendelssohn Hall last evening. Mr. Voelker

is a violinist, formerly a member of the Thomas
orchestra. He has a nimble left hand and,

after his nervousness wore off, an agile bow

 

 

But his playing is hopelessly uninteresting.
Me belongs in an orchestra~ wi always
covers a multitude of tonal sins for he is
lacking in individual style, Mr. Veelker
is a good musician, doubtlhss an excelent
teacher, but he must not play seo violin oot
jeass. not in New York eltv, te gave
numbers by Raff, Bich, Sarasate, Wienliwski
and Voelker, and they all sounded slike We

fiddled with prodigions rapidity th the Hef
Perpetual Movement, but his tone was hard
dry and rasping. In the Bach air he achieved

 

 

 

 

 
 

more mellowness, breadth and freedor, ng

never fora moment was there the {llains ting
wrace of a omusical temperamen After he
Jeaves the first position on his instrument,
his tone loses color, resonance, body, and (here
was omuct eharping and = flatting dur

ine th evening This may have been
the result of a natural disquietude
Jn @ Sitacats Womanea the violinist: failed
utterly incat hig the native Spanish ouality
of the views He simply ployed stowls \
Slavic Cradle Song by Nernda went better

yet even here the teagpo wasoften an exasper-
ating dawdke Ina word,Mr Voelker is not
intended by nature to wearthe Impedilourple
of the solo violinixt  Heisa musician of sound
schobirly attainments. nothir gomore

There was singing by Mra, Jessie A. MeClel-
land, whieh epitonnzed all that should not be
done with the voice some unrhythmieal but
earnest organ playing by Mr Laces Baker, and

avery cheerful and polite auditory, Mr. Emile
Levy plarvred the piano acoompaniment«
throughout the evening with hie usual tact

and delicacy

Coant Adhemar de Castetlane Here.

   

 

   

    
 

 

 

Hank President Thanks Priende Whe sent
Hesotations on Iie Snpposed Death.
Vohra A Walker, President of the Seven
teenth Ward Bank of Brookivn and Vice Pres
dent of the Greenpolot Saving#® Hank,naa been
tnourned as dead for acne time bY the Ooean

| Crowe Camp Meeting Association of which be)
hina

a member for several years Mi
Walker lives af 18) Oakland «treet and ia a

been

trates of the Tabernacle Methodiat Episcopal |
Church  Amsociated with him on the Loard
for many years waa the late AK Walker, a
wellknown carpenter and Uoilder, who died
siddenkly two months age

Mr. Walker bas a summer cottage on the

border of Wesley Lake and for many yearn has
heen aetive in the summer meetings of the
Ocean Grove Camp Meeting Association, Whet
merabers of this organization read of the dea'h
of AB. Walker they wore uoder the impreneion
that the dead man Was their assouate A nee!
ig of the amoctation was held a week ago «|
which resolutions of condolence were adopted

| and voted to be sent to the family of the sul.

The 250 pupils marched inte +

posed deoaised bunk President. The task of
sending the resolutions was entrusted to TM
Dickey, one of the officers of Une association
A letter with the resolutions enclosed was re
ceived by Mm bo Ao Walker oo Tuesday, in
Which, among other things, Mr Dickey es.
sesed Lis syinpathy with her over the loss of
r husband and informed ber of the sorrow

  

throughout Ocean Grove over the intelligence

re
SS SPSS hs sss

Che Count Adhemar deo Castellane arrived
t) this country on 7 nder the name
of “Count de Norante old Castel-
lane family name ihe AS a paswehaer |
on Li Naquitaine We desired come inte the
ecouptyy, rnneticed, At bs ferstocd, Deca tne
his family has had such tv of jate that
is distoateftl to it, and Glee becuse nerietont
rumors have been circulated that leis enced
to be married to the dauchtor Daniel Bacon, |
the broher, of 1a ‘Vest bifts street
These reports have been repos denied
be Mr. Bacon and by the rest » Bacor
family “ro Bacon is much anneved by the
persistency of the story. te anid vesterdas

that the Count Wasa friend of the family and
it was very painful to have the deire to en-
tertain the Count properly complicated by
falee and emboarressins report~

In Elther Care,

 

Whether you are buying of selling ren\ estate, con:

eult the Board of brokers “Want and Offer” column
on real estate page Sundays and Thursdiys Ade

a
’

of his untimely death

Mrs Walker was somewhat
the cormmunications and sent
husband He communicated with the Oeean
Grove Camp Meeting Association, and after
thanking then for the high tribute they bad
bald hin explained the mistake

honerved over
them tuo ter

   

 

 

ON A SIN-VYEAR-OLD INDICTMENT.

Frank E. Smith of White Plains Lodged tn the
Tombs After a Long Respite.
Detective Sergeant Cuff’ arrested Frank b
Smith, a real estate agent, yesterday afternoon
at 35 Nasaau street, on an widictment for grand
lireeny in the first degreee, found in ini
Smith is acensed of taking $2,500 from Mrs
Caroline Uhitg, as payment on account for the
house at 2162 Seventh avenue which belonged
to Smith's father, Joel So Sruith. Mre Uhlig
says the son told her that there was a mortgage
of only $50,000 on the property when in fact
there was a mortgage for $90,000. When she
found this out she tried to get back the money
she had advanced and secured a judgment
against Frank Ff. Smith. She also had him in-

dicted

She moved from Harlem
and didn't leave ber new. address at the Dis-
trict Attorney's office Eventually she suw
a notice in the papers of the death of Frank
F Smith and thought ft was the man who had
been indicted In some way she heard a year
ago of A popes motion to disgiiss the indict-
ment and that Smith was not dead She was
in court when the motion was about to be made
It waa not made

Smith had been out on bail at first, but in
June, 1899, he waa released on his own recos-
nizance

Last spring a warrant was sworn out for
his rearrest and lodeed with the Chief of Police
at White Plains, where Smith lived It was
not served and so Detective McNaught hunted
Smith up at his office — in default of $4,000 bail
Smith wus sent to the Tombs yesterday

WHITE Puatns, Nov. 21—Chief of Police
Bogart said to-night that when he had the
warrant for Smith he did not serve it because
Smith had left town. The chief said he had
heen ill for some time and did not know that
Su.ith had returned

—

TUFTS FLAG RUSH ABOLISHED.

On an Appeal From the Faculty the Lower
Classes Vote to Give It Up.

Roston, Nov. 21.—It was voted to-day by the
two lower classes of Tufts College to abolish
their annual flag rush, and to hold only their
football game on next Tuesday, the day set
aside for the rush. This action was taken at
A mass meeting of the two classes, called by
the faculty and addressed by President Capen
behind closed doors. The faculty did not

to Staten lelanct

 

 

compel the action but only asked for it. The
abolition of the rush was voluntary.
President Capen said that his opinion con-

cerning the rush was abared by the faculty
He said thet netther he nor the faculty had
any desire to be antagonistic to any lively in-
terest of the atudents and that the traditions
of the college were as precious to him as to
them Continuing, he said

“In regard to the @ag rush, there is certainly
no veneratde tradition in connection with it
anditisonethatthere hasnot been any unani-
mous support of for a single year The fing
contest has nothing in it of athletic merit = An
unwritten law which should govern all college
contests is that there should be an example of
ekill There is nothing of the kird in our
present flag mish ”

When President Capen had concluded his
remarks to the two classes he withdrew and
left them to decide what to substitute for a flag
rush for themselves

It waa tromediately voted that no flag rush
would be held this veer, and in its stead the
elnsa football game would represent the rivalry
of the (wo under clases,

 

INTELLIGENCE.

MARINE

MINIATURE ALMANAC=THIS DAY
Sun rises 655! Sun sets 4.38)! Moon sets.
HIGH WATER—THIS
Sandy Hook..7 10) Gov, V'd..7.42

pay.
| Hel Gate... 9785

Arrived —WEDNESDAY, Nov 21,

Ss Oceante, Cameron, Liver Nov. 14
Ss Alier, Wiltelm!, Genoa, Nov

Ss Kensington Marsden, Antwerp, Nov, 19
Ss Panama, Curet, Bordeaux, Nov. 1
Ss Castilian Prince, ¢ Satitos, Ort

vol

27

pull

 

 

  
  

 

Ss Ceitie Princess, Morrison Caleutta, Sept. 17.
Ss Geneaee, Scott, Helfast, Nov. &

Ss Soffa Brallll Gherges, Denla, Oct. 10

Ss Pretona Mekenzie, Bermuda Nov. ta

Ss Ulier, Larsen, Demerara, Nov. 11,

Ss Frascat\, Wiils, Jamaica, Nov, 12.

S6 Vi Sud, Higgins, New Orleans, Nov. 16
Ss Bluefeids, Gillingham, Balttmore, Nov. 19
Ss Iroquots, Kemble, Jack onvilie, Nov. 1s
Sa Jefferson, lole, Norfolk, Nov 20

Ss Richmond, Catherine, Norfolk, Nov. 20
Bark Abeona, Matson, Rosario, Sept. 17

ANINVED
Louis, from New York, at Southampton
om Now York, et Southampton.
lueresia, from New York, at

Ss St
Ss Friesland, fr
Ss Kaiserin Maria
Southamptor
Ss Fthtopla
Ss Mauit

from New York
rom New York

FD PROM FORRIGN PORTS
Ss ‘leutor from Liverpool for New York

al Glasgow
. at London

 

  
 
 

       

    

  

  

  
   

   

GOING STHAMSHIPS
Sal! To-day.
Mais Close Vessel Sails
Santiago, Nass! oor M so0PrPM
Fl Paso, New Orleans $00 PrP M
Jefferson, Norfolk 3s00PM
Sail To-morrow,
T.‘Aquitaine, Haere 60 AM INO AM
Iroguots, Charleston 00 PM
Kio Grande, Bronewlek s0OPM
Guyandotte, Norfolk 300PM
Satl Saturday, Noe “4.
Umbria, Liverpool ,or AM TOWOAM
Anchona, Liverpoal wn AM 1200M
Amsterdam, ltolterdam soo AM 1000 AM
Spartan Prines, Azotes TOOAM 1O0OAM
Pretoria, Hamburg SOAM
Marquette, Landon 2DOOAM
Georgian, Liverpool
| Martello, Hull
Mritieh Queen. Antwerp
Morro Ca » Havana we AM oor M
Maracattn, lat uavra mor AM ip ooM
Pretoria nica AM AM 1000 AM
ban ta Riva rue VN i:voM
er, Porto Rieo wenn A 200M
ate Progress iY oo PM
Prima, Progreso 1! 100 PM
Ragusa, Bar i 200PM
Lynt Are 1 , s00PM
Concho, Galveston AoOMM
Ke) Monte, Nev & so0oPM
Haw jton, N S00 PM
OXON
Kel Nov, 2
" f 3 Vinton Now s
5 Nov, 5
ass Nov, $
Ane a ‘ Nov 7
Nov 7
Now 14
Nov 7
Now 7
Nov ?
Nov, 10
Now, 10
Ca Nov. 15
atue
Alsatia f rellar Nov ‘
lunmore aM Lucian Now, if
Karsas City anneal Now,
hue Satuedar ‘ 4
liavre Nov 7
Laverpaol Nov. 17
Citraltar Nov, 12
Antwerp Now, 10
tlavre Nor, 10
New Orienne Nov ”
oper nov. 7
Matan? Nor, 21
Dae Sunday, Now 2a
Minneapolis lon « Nov. 18
rr trainburg Nov, 13
Briste Swanses Now, 11
Statendam ‘tlerdam Nor, 15
| largo Bay... braltar Nov, 11
Tihaka Nov, 30
Comur Now, 21
nicta Nov, 21

 

THE SUN, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1900.

SACRED HEARTCENTENARY, | Coveorencae ro waeve ramtiy

TO BRING BACK THE MOOSE,
wovPwent sroor 0 nRATOOK me
ADIRONDACK REGIONS

or the Project ta Ne
fort Sald te Me

Mecting of Those Whe
Heid in thie Clie Sonn

 

Sitght Catdes Mave Volantcered to Cote
Canada ta Catch the Antmate Hequired
| Within ten daye® a noeetingg will be held in
thia city of thoee Interested th the movement
to restock the Adigondack ceaior home
It is proposed t fori ab ormanization to nak
the Legislature to make an approperiatic that
| will cower the etpene Co beriteegetat thee trperceser
back te the Adirondacks« and the jue
laws for their proteetioas ~o many pron
ineot men have already announmeed ther
| tention of taking part in the movement that

the projectors of it are already onftident that

it will be a stecess

Armond those who hive signified their inten
| tionof totning the organization are Col Willian
Fo box, Superintendent of State be s ON
| Senator Wray, AW. Gleason, President of the
Mewgantic Fish and Game Corporation, the larg
| est aportsmen's association in Maine Warren
| Higley, President, and Spencer Aldrich, Secre-
tary of the Adirondack League Club.and Harry
| \ Radford, editor ef Woods and Watera, In-
Vitations to join have also been sent to Gov,
Black, ex-President Cleves

Hornaday,

 

Roosevelt, ex-CGiov
land, ex-President Harrison, WT
director of The Bronx Zoological Gardens;
Willian Rockefeller, A A Lowe and WIL, ber-
ter Known as" Adirondack, Murray, allof whorn
are expected to use their influence in support
of the Inoeverent
he organization will be known asthe” Asso.
{ Giation for Restoring Moore t the Adiron-
dacks,” and from present indications will have
a merbership of fully two hundred. Only a
nominal fee will be chareed to join if, enough
to cover the incidental expensps connected
with the association
Pherestockingof the Adirondacks with moose
has been advocated for many years, but thie
is the frat time that the moverent has taken
definite shape. Many stories have been told
and written of the “last moose” to be shot in
the Adirondacks, and ‘here are any number
of hunters who claim that distinetion. In 1840
moose were very p ntiful around the Bow
Moose River and Racquet

River, Cold River,

Lake regions. Twenty vears Jater they began
to disappear so rapidiv tbat they soon became
sractically extinct. The anfmals migrated

o Canada, driven out of the country by hunt-
ere and trappers. Aft present there are some
left in the Adirondacks, but they are owned by
private persons and clubs and kept in private
preserves. Dr W. Seward Webb has a park
of more than ten thousand acres and in it there
are something ike fifty moose. Edward H
Litehfleld has a park of about the same acreage
and twenty-five moose Then there are a
number of clubs that have smaller preserves
stocked With moose,

The sportsmen who are behind the present
movement to restock the region aay that the
cost would not be great, as a number of guides
have volunteered to go to Canada and catch
the moose, if their expenses are paid. This
ia what “Adirondack” Murray haa to sav of
the proposition, “The restocking of the Adiron-
dack wilderness ia perfectly feasible, and will
beagreat benefit financially to thaState Fvery-
thing that helps to advertise the woods and Is
attractive to the wealthy, the lovers of sport
and of nature and thoae who need to recuperate
their exhausted life forces, the State of New
York should help. The financial gain alone
amply justifies the poliev. Broadly stated
and from the materialistic and mercenary
point of view, the wilderness is the hest Income.
Jielding asset that the Empire State has or
ever will have.”

SUIT OVER STEINWAY ESTATES.

Frxecator von Bernuth Charged With Fallare
to Make Accounting.

Mrs. Ottilie C. Recknagel, as the mother and
guardian adiitem of Ottilie Marie, Clara Beatrice
and Gertrude Marguerite Steinway, infants
under the age of 14 yeurs, has begun a sult
against Louisa von Bernuth, executor and

 

trustee of the estate of Willlam Steinway:
Charles H. Steinway, Frederick T. Steinway,

Louls von Bernuth and Paula Theodora von
Bernuth, executors of the estate Bf George A,
Steinway and Paula Theodora von Bernuth,
Maud [.. Steinway, William R. Steinway and
Theodore Edwin Steinway

George A. Steinway, the father of the infant
laintiffa, dled Sept. 14, 1598, leaving s will dated
eb. 6, 1803. In this he named bis cousina,
Charles Steinway, Frederick T. Steinway

and his brother-in-law, Joule von Bernuth, as
executors of his éstate im Nov. 30, 1596,
William Steinway, the father of George A.
Steinway died, and his executors were Charles
H. and Frederick T. Steinway and Louis and
Paula Theodora von Bernyt ‘

The infant pladntiffs allege that since May
1 von Bernuth, as executor of the estate of
William Steinway, has refused to make any
allowance for thelr education and maintenance
as provided for by their grandfather's will,
grey also allege collusion on the part of von

ruth and Tis wife, and that he has also
failed to make any accounting, They further
allege that there was an agreement between
George A. Steinway and Willam Steinway,
his father, by which the latter was to provide
for the education aud imaintenance of the infant
plaintiffs until they became of age

Mr. von Bernuth alleges that each estate haa

aclaim against the other growing out of a gift |
of stock of the Steinway Piano Company amount- |

ing to thousands of dollara, and that the estate
of George A. Steinway has hegun a suit in New
York county to recover the claim. Underthese
conditions Mr. von Bernuth contends that he
cannot carry out all the provisions of the will
of William Steinway. The plaintiff contends
that Mr. von Bernuth is so Intereated in all the
estates that he cannot work in the interest of
the estate of the plaintiff's father

Mr. von Bernuth entered a demurrer to the
pleadings and yesterday Supreme Court Jus.
tice Marean in Brookivn dismissed the de-
murrey and held that the plaintiffs could go
to trial on their pleadings {n Nassau county

 

 

ANDOVER CONTROVERSY OVER.

 

The Installation of the Rev. FE. ¥. Hincks asa
Professor Ends It.

AnpoverR, Masa, Nov. 21—Ry the inatalla-
tion of the Rev Fdward Y. Hincks, D. 1D, as
Abbott: professor of Christian Theology in

Andover Theological Seminary, last night the
conclusion is reached of the famous “Andover
controversy.” It was marked by the unan-
{mous consent of the visitors and trustees to
the abolition of the subseription by the candi-
date to the creed of founders, — The creed is in
phraseology that belongs to a former time and
entirely diferent mode of thinking, and, as is
{intimated by the trastees, It causes Lhe user
to be liable to be misunderstood, By ins
a man found to be of “sound and.ort!
rinciples in divinity agreeable to sald creed
he visitors and trustees believe that they have
fulfilled the intent of the founders This action
of the visitors and trosteea was set forth in teo
memorials, one prenared by each body, whieh
were read at the installation exercises

     

 

Rew Publications,

~ oor Oe eee

THRILLING SCENES IN CAMP AND BATTLE.

JUST PU
Ist Edition exhausted.

 

3rd Edition in_pzeparation.

WHo Goes THERE ?

THE STORY OF A SPY IN THE CiviL WAR.

By BK. BENSON,

| New Publications,

rnieh to MtRDER Thier’

dereerman datted on Charge of Shentiog Cre

 

   

 

 

 

 

’ Amboeh
cory Clerk From DOCTORS THINK SHE Was sor wale
See ' ! Hebert Hur mavaien Wy A wy
' t | Caf © el “dinthe
t ' ' ged + be uv made | Name te Wetatragh, Sot Winthrop, and She
wt W rales ' wn Was Allowed te Hun Around the streete
fr leroloman works a 1 clork Alone Lost Her War on Lueeda: Sight
| th the groeer tor f Tene k & Snare at ba and Cannot Fell daet What Mippened te Her
Jer Cornette At t al wna ridive acrome The police of the Delancey street etation are
is pte 1 delivery woe shen he tr ghardta flodeout what penedteo five
was fired at th a shetgun fF vbeel ; ‘ as
| Die hharae ittered al enterod tis body vo lel Wi o Weintraub HOF ev had
und hend from the wagon and bie down as Heese Winthrop and wh mt her way
j '
| horses rat Hie In serion® on Puesdiy tieht ot hast Side and was
‘ ‘ ' { ‘ ‘ te " ne
" ! ) nl rel tinned eng picked up by Policeman Garrison at Delancey
'
brida im he woe driving along at mda Cintonst et Mal Pravers at Toles
o tet woe lobert Corgers and) Mesure Headguortersthinksthat theechild ae neqanited
* ' ving Cheoumh the
os a. | : Mi : | Reals | N iy tnd the polloemen Whotike her view of (he case
| 1 ble An inatant Inter Jerole don't needthe ineentiveota view crusade in this
| saw i gett pointing at him from behind  inetanee ten her faint for the assatlant
tree “ wig! at ne 4
| re Ane oc wg ie a te t " ‘ a 9 ' if r Detectives Lonergain and Maher are on the case
imchaurues “ pre » ' in .
| te {with shot and bis reht hand, inwhieh  OMfeiaily, but every patrolman in the preetnet
| he held the rein wars wounded thie horses kept tis ears open vesterd to oateh anv side
r ‘ > hee « 1 sheet gine . te ’ ‘
onthe Ton anws ihe ecu depo ; —s “ Walk ®ossip that toight furnish a stgwestion
Jeeoded an wetting them under control and Tie child herself tells three diferent stories
| drove Liberty Corners, where le reported but that doesn't how necessarily (hat «ahemeans
1 the o 4 ' » th wuthorit ' ' . ‘ j
liarnet! ae " rine uit wot tee 7 Ue. SUB AG GUT NAOS, FOE RNR ON Date
rested later at his he ; onthe piaght she was lost ehe was ina police
te tan ve th abou i! vio | stotion. inthe lost babies’ «ardat Pollee Head-
ree 9 af af rs a! rf ni ' te anne quarters ondin a hospital, to «ay nothing of a
ntdat to drive thes thn larhed noe) fide ina patrol wagon, a ride in an ambulance
pepper oon the t rirnett tered  andanotherrideot a block in able policeman s
posccerely on wihad the ’ ' peepee nee arms
and bas sinee held edly vongainet : ‘
hire Barsette as 9 years old a is Bessie’. troubles came from her being allowed
sidered slichtly de ried to go back and forth alone between her own
| home and her married brother Phe child's
NO CEMBALMED® MILK SOLD THERE, | other, Tiske Weintraut) lives at g7 Madison
street, Her brother Sanmel livesat 210 Broome
\ street, almost a mile away through crooked
Board of Health People Report That They | creotu Hut Bessie had been back and forth
Have Found No Trace of Any J Somany times with some of the family that she
wasn'tafraidtotry italone One day she rar
reside! shy o w Board ealth : on
President’; Murphy of the Board of Health away, and before Ler mother really missed jer |
made public vesterday a report of one of his { she was safe and sound at her brother's t
subordinates in relation fo statements which | were ale wot a Idinge for being too venture-
Some, She made the trip alone s+ many times
ane on (hill. twe i 1
John 8 Palmer and Horace 30 Tithall, two | after that, ho sever, that both families began to
wholesale milk dealers, niade at a recent meet- ] take her comnogand going as a matt r of
ing at the Academy of Medicine, where the | coure
t city’s milk supply was under discussion The | Ste went over to the Broome street house
Health Department officials were told that | of Monday and ber brother went out and bought
Mr Palmer and Mr Tuthill had said that “em- } her a new pair of She started for h ’
| baiined” milk was being sold in the city, and | With them ont t But Broome street
that formaldehyde and other chermieals were | Was muddy and the shoes were so much newer
used in preserving milk, contrary fo the regu- | {Han the stockings under them that Bessie
lations of the Sanitary le Chief Inspector | Sat, down on the curb and took the shoes off

 

on the subjeet, His report was in part as
follows
“Every sample of milk taken by our in-

epec tors during 150s, iscorand boo, up to to-day
to the number of 2.446, has been examinec
in the Jaboratory as part of the analysts for
antisepties such as formaldehyde and boracie
acid, but not a single case has been found
whieh would have justified legal proceed-
ings Suerpicions samples were found on
several occas but when an attempt was
made at veri ion the result was alWays
hegative

The two parties who stated at the meeting
at the Academy of Medicine that formaldehyde

 

1s,
t

    

 

 

was being sold were invited by the counsel
of this department to furnish what informa.
tion th possessed so that proceedings might
be commenced againat any violators of the

law Up to the present moment not one of
the parties has shown up”

WAR ON BOARDING-HOUSE RUNNERS

Who Board Ships Yet Undocked to Get Hold of
Satlormen.

James O'Connor, runner for a sailors’ board-
ing house kept by Peter Hughes at 58s Water
gtreet, was arrested yesterday by Deputy
United States Marshal Blake on a charge of
violating the United States statutes which
prohibit men in the employ of boarding houses

from boarding vessels beforethey have docked
and soliciting the sailors’ custom The come
plaint was made by Clark H) Abbott, assistant
counsel of the Seaman's Bra.ch of the Legal
Ald Society, upon information furnished by
Hiram Bixby, doin Yatas and Arthur Pens
fold. three seamen, formerly of the crew of
the Amencan ship Heary B Hyde, whieh «
rivedin port on Nov 18 Comnussioner Shields
held O'Connor for examination on Monday
next

The arrest of O'Connor Is
Legal Aid Society to break
sailors’ boarding-house runners who
tain themselves near Fort Wadsworth onStaten
Island, and literally hold up incoming vesse
as soon aa the Quarantine oMlcers are through
with them

Resides encouraging desertion, the runners
by corralling the sailors before they land prace
tically put them in the powerofthe boarding-
» keepers, who manage to pile up bills
nst them that eat up their pay within a
days alter they reach port

o first move ofthe
np the camp o
maine

5

 

 

     

Ag
few

THE WAIP SHE BEFRIENDED.

Boy Who Asked Mrs. Dewing for Work Fifteen
Years Ago Becomes Her Husband.

Peace George Seymour of

WEDS

 

Justice of the
Hoboken yesterday morning married Mrs Mary
Dewing, «& widow, 52 yeara old, of Trenton,
N J, and owner of several lumber vessels,
to Charles Schoenfeld, 27 years old of Alt ne
N.Y. who has worked on one of her vessels
for the last twelve vears y

In the epring of 188%, Schoenfeld, then a
boy of 18 clausbered on board a
vease! in Hoboken and asked Mrs
and her husband,

lumber
Dewing
who wae then alive, for work
He was taken
in and remained until Dewing died two years
ago = Mrs
at that time and Set
rer Atter the ¢ nony
choenteld instructed Justice Seymour to have
her vessels and property placed in the name
of herseli and husband jointly

Dewing was ill for a tew months
nfeld acted as her mana.
terduy Mre

 
     
 

 

Woman Held for Improper Use of the Matis,

Mrs. Mary Ho Jordan of §22 Fourth avenue,
Brooklyn, Was arrested yesterday on a war-
rant issued by United States Commissioner
Morle on complaint of Anthony Comstock, who
charged her with sending an improper letter
through the mails to her brother-in-law, Daniel
Jordan, reflecting on the latter's wife) Mis
Jordan was held for the action of the Grand
Jury.

To Pat Up Tall Baliding in Chatham Square,

Plans were filed with the Building Depart-
ment yesterday by Buckman & Fox, architects,

Herman Betz was ordered to prepare a report |

| LOST FIVE-YEAR-OLD BESSIE

 

  

  
           

   
  

 

  
 

  

shoe

and then ran the rest of the way with one

| ineach hand = She took reallong steps, she told

her mother, so as hot to wear out” her
stockings any more than she had to

On Tuesday afternoon Bessie went over to
her brother's again to tell him how careful

she had been of the new shoes. She left there
at 4 o'clock in the afternoon and some time
between then and 1) o'clock at night she came
to grief When Polleernan Garrison found
her she was crying and wurrounded by a Jot of
children of another neighborhood who didn't
know her, but who were trying hard to cheer
her up with candy and invitations to go to
their houses. She wouldn't eat candy and
didn't want to go to any house but her own
and that she couldn't find

It was one of the other children who called
the polleewan Currison tool Bessie fret to
his own stafion and then to Headquarters where
the matron discovered that she had been in-
jured and probably assaulted) She was then
Sent to St Vincent's Hospital

It was not until yesterday that the police
learned who the child was None of her family
had reported her aa missing the night before,
becanse the mother thought she was @taying
nl night in Broome street and the brother
thought she liad got home

Bessie told the detectives and her brother
Samuel that she fell down on her way home
Tuesday afternoon and was cut on a piece of
glass and that it hurt so she didn't see where
she was going and lost her way Later in the
day she said that a man met her on the street
and took her where gome people in funny clothes
Were singing and dancing on a platform and
that after Uhat the man wasn't good to her and
made her ery Her third story was that 4
woman met her and took her to a house, she
didn't know where, and then let her go.

The sisters and the surgeons at St Vincent's
Hospital anid yesterday that they did not think
the child had been assaulted. They would not
be sure. The child will prebably be sent home
to-morrow,

 

 

 

WOMEN SUMMONED 170 COURT.

 

It's a Dangerous Thing to Mix Paper With
Ashes in Jersey City.

Twenty women of Jersey City were aume
moned to the Second Criminal Court yesterday
morning on complaint of Henry Byrne, the
ofMfetal ashes and garbage contractor, who
sald they piaced loose naper in their ash barrels
in violation of a city ordinance. Police Justice
Murphy warned the women not to offend the
astiinen in the future. They promised and
were discharged

Actress Sues Dermatologist for Sears,

Bostox, Nov. 21—The men who remove
wrinkles and add dimples to order to the Laces
of women are watching a sult now in progress
here in which Mrs Delisle, an amateur actress,
snes a doctor for $29,000 damages for scara on
her face. She wanted some wrinkles taken
out and as a result of the operation she still hae
the wrinkles. with two scars on her forehead in
addition Che dermatologist admits the scars,
nl sald they fame through allowing her to
dictate where the euts should be made tot
up the wrinkles ake
—_————ee..Rk,F,gge__—x—_—_—_—

Mra RRMRiIDD.
GUBSON -WILSON,—On Monday, Nov. 19, 1900,
at St, James's Church, Philadelphia, by
the Rev. Elwood Worcester, D.D, John Trevor

Gibson of New York city to Mary Hasell, daughter
of Joseph M. Wilson of Philadelphia.

WHITNEY —WAXWELL.—On Saturday, Nov. 17,
1900, at the Chureh of the Saviour, Brooklyn,
N. Y..by the Rev John P. Forbes, Howard Fred-
erle Whitney to Loutse Duncan, daughter of
Mr, and Mrs, John Rogers Maxwell.

DIDBDwC.
BROWN.~At Sharon, Conn., on Tuesday, Nov. 20,
1900, George Hunter Brown of New York, in the
45th year of Lis age.
Funeral at the chapel of the Fifth Avenue Presby-
terflan Chureh, on Friday morning, Nov. 23, 1900,
ato S80 o'clock Interment at the convenience of

for a ten-story brick and stone factory and . .

store building, 63 11%:x 49 feet, to be erected the family. Please omit flowers. Baltimore,
at the junction of Fast Brondwiy Chatham Philadelp'ta and Mobile papers please copy.

Ss; Catherine street r Isidor naVe~ . ‘

Sjuare and Catherine eet, fo idor Brave CARLISLE.-On Tuesday, Nov. 20, 1900, Jose-

cost) $150,000

and to

—

tan,

 

 

Board of Health to Analyze Croton Water.

the numerous complaints
ceived about the condition of the city water
Roard of Health is to make exhaustive

Analyees of the Croton water, the result of whieh
| will be announced tn a few days

Because of re

or shelter as he was homeless

the

BLISHED.
2d Edition now ready.

Cloth, 12mo. $1.50.

“The best story of the CivilWar that haseppeared of recent years . .
those who are interested, and particularly veterans . . . of the

Army of the Potomac . .

. will fo'low every page with ab-

sorbed intere:t . . . It is due to the author's power of graphic
| presentation of detail that his book contains so much of the

most historical fictions. . .

author spares the reader no

 

'THE MacmILLAN

interest of a novel while containing more historical truth than

Never has the hazardous life of a soldier on special duty
between the lines been depicted so fully and imaginatively.

The
thrill, and unfolds a wealth of lore

on scouting that might make it a valuable adjunct to Baden
Powell's popular treatise.” — The Springfield Republican,
(“A Nove. wuick wit Presse Att wHo Enjoy a Narka-
| TIVE IN WHICH THE SITUATIONS ARE Hisroricat. . . . More
THAN THE Usuat INTEREST CENTRES IN THE TALE.
| TIONS ARE STIRRING.’*—Times-UNION, ALBANY.

ComPANyY, 66 FIFTH AVE,

Tre Srrva-

phine White, wife of Mugh Carlisle, aged 69
years,

Funeral service at her late re idence, 119 Cottage
av., Mount Vernon, N.Y., on Friday, Nog. 28,
1900, at 2 POM, Train, New Haven raijroad,
leaves 42d st., New York, at 1.04 P M.; returning

sa7 POM

HEALY.--On Wednescav, Nor 21. 1999, at 8142
Park ay Ernest’ Mortan, beloved son of Ed-
ward and Sarah A. Healy ated 11 years 11

months and 26 day
Funeral privat

 

 

JARVIS.—At Bullalo, N.Y. on Tuesday, Nov. 20,
1oo0, William Osear Jarvis, a presbyter of the
Protestant Episcopal Churen, eged 78 yeare

Toterment at Batavia, N.Y

WYNKOOP.-On Wednesday Nov 21, 1900,
at her residence, 265 West 180th st. Maria
Wy p aged AP vears

Fune ervices, private, Ptiday evening, Nov. 24,
00, atS o'elock. Interment at conventence of
family

Mik KENSIC) CEMETERY. —Privat> stattoa,
Harlem Railroad: 45 minutes’ ude from tne

Grand Centra’ Depot. OMee 14 Rast 424 at

Rew Publications,

sun Specials, Just Published.
|

 

monale ly

S. c. RAINS,

Importer and Dealer in Od. Rare and Modern Books
S80 Titth Avenoe., No PF. Cor. 36th Se.

 

| William Shakespeare, : + $20.00
| Port, Dramatistand Man
Hy li Wo Mable td thon De Luxe, Limited

to 140 coples
| Confessions of St. Augustine, - $15.00
Printed on Japan Vellum, limited to 1S copies

Early New York Houses,
| iieautifully Ulustrated, hand made paver
| Pd ton tiinited to Sou copies 910.00
| Japan paper 25 coptes $30.00

Knickerbocker History of New York $20.00

istrated by Maxfield Parrish, pisteson Ja
pal paper. 4to full.green moroceo,

mited to lho eoptes
| Bibliomania in the Middle Ages - $12.00

iy Merry weather, Japan Vellum. ilintted to

z5 copies
Pre Raphaelite Ballads $3.50

By Willam Morris, Japan Vellum, iimited to
50 coples

|= G,. RAINS, FIFTH AVE., 36TH ST,

C. PACH “Candide” Croker's “irish Songs.”
Burke's Speeches, “Plato.” PRATT, 161 6th av.

 

 

 

 

5

   

 

= |Messrs. D.S. HESS& CO.

Interior Decorators,
42) FIFTH AVENUE,

Hee te annouts thy ‘ het fo the
raent ft { their prom i! Tt)
structed

Mr. JAME. PL SILO, Auctioneer,
| oh th Ave, 44th St,
ta diaper a at has me on Satorda
When you think livery, think | 5° 5" eee ee
Rogers, Peet  & Company —~ | estes, Damaces niso Hangings Tapestries Ma
F bles Paintings titty a brace. ete fwhletare now

Makers of Livery. in perfect condition

| THE EXHIBITION OF THIS SUPERB
Have you seen our heavy COLLECTION

i weight serge suits! Good taste, At 1Mt

good form and economical, Fifth Avenue Art Galleries,

7 66 Fifth Ave, dith Street,
Don't ron away thinking these | 8! (mainen sew from sa aE woul oP Me dang

| ° . null me of sale which wil take place on

patented ventilated shoes of ours | Saturday Afternoon, Nov. 24th,

| are Summer shoes,

COMMENCING aT 2 QeLock
| Do vou ventilate your living statetbution
|

itilogues now ready for

JAMES P. SILO. Auetiones?,
James P. Silo, Auctioneer.
Ri , the.

room only in summer?
#5 shoes, single and double-
lsoled for S38.50,

and Zand Warren st

| 560 Broadwa t
1260 Becadway
and 54 Wests

Tiffany & Co.

Thanksgiving

  

46 Liberty Sirce

ULD STANI f) t
an Now on Eyhibitiou
Kvery hat has its day—the " ay ttt " ae mn
a ‘ a This day (Thurs , also Friday
day of the Alpine Was “Vester: “at 3PM. each ad yan
day; today’s hat is the derby. SEVERAL IMPORTANT COLLECTIONS OP
| Our derby is as good Aas we . HIGH CLASS
* * e .
| Snow how to make it. Oil Paintings
; By Noted American, Prouch «
| Rocens, Peeve ~» Company. : “Mish Anke nd
™ Broadway. cor. Warren SILO ART GALLERIES,

We All orders

° by mail,

 

Colleges and Schools,

lor Boys & Loung

Madison School,

on N. J0& NO YOR. B cbraneh of Erie) 24 miles out
Nuinber of boarders iimited to 2). Age, from 12 years
a) » privete tutoring with the advantages of
sehool associations Carriculam, preparatory to
Columbia applled selences Physical Culture,
Horsemanship ‘every pupli bis horse), Fencing and
eld work Facilities, Laboratortes, Workshops and
@lmple grounds beautifully situated. New buikding
G,. yon TAUBE, Priactnal.

N. Y. Preparatory School.

1S West 43d St., New York: 200 Jordemon «at

 

_~

Men—City & Country,

 

MONT VALE,
New Jersey,

 
 

Suggestions

 

 

 

 

 

 

Brooklyn. Classesor private work Day orevening.
‘ Scheol in the Cured stares’ Open now, RBUENTS.
Fish knives and forks, bird | dso than iV" Mresident Monrd of bleectors
s Camerer v. En ripelpa
carvers, game shears, game!~ 4 _ oe
knives and other table cutlery. Senftner School,
13 ASTOR PLACE, NFAR BROADWAY,

THOUSANDS OF STUDENTS HAVE BEEN

   
 

Entree, meat, fish and game

  

 

 

CENTS. AND COLLEGE EXAMINATIONS.
dishes and complete dinner and | Chass aXb’rrivate ivsteeenioy. |
tea services in sterling silver; SACRED HEART ACADEMY.
and in silver plated ware. academe ‘and. commercial ‘courses: location. un:

surpassed, mijitary drill; terms moderate Address

Brother AUGUST, West Chester N.Y. PD

Business Colleges.

$30.00 FOR SIX MONTHS’

eourse in Stenography and Typewriting, Full pro
fessional course, Number limited. Personal registra
tion required before Nov. 3° Apply 3 to S daily,

Stenography and Typewriting Fraining School,
United Charities Widg., 105 E. 22d St.. Room 214,

 

Tiffany & Co.

UNION SQUARE
NEW YORK

 

Kissick’s Business Institute,

45.49 Ashiand PI, brookiyn, A thorough, pra

tical business education, modern methods, Boos
keeping, Stenography and Typewriting. $1u to $20
per term. Engiism Classics, higher Mathematics

   

VIN MARIANI
World Famous Mariani Tonic

Its good effects are immediate and last-

The Miller School of Business.

St. James Building, 1133 Broadway
Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping
DAY OR EVENING. CIRCULARS. NO VACATIONS

“No Ketter School at Any Price’

Schools of Languages.

LIP-READING

taught to deaf or hard-of- hearing persons Hapld
system, Results untformly satisfactory. 30th year.
DAVID GREENE, 1122 BROADWAY,

Post Office Notice.
‘E.

—— —

ing. It is also very palatable, agreeable
to the taste and acceptable to the moat

delicate stomach,

  

All Druggists. Refuse Substitu

 

~ ANTIQUE BELLOWS

In Carved Oak and Repousse Brass.

Fire Sets and Andirons

   

es

pos OFFICE NoTK

 

 

« In Hrase, Stecl and Black tron. ‘i ae te read DA ILY by all interested as chan
parkguards, Fenters, Coa eotties an Foreign inalis for the week ending Nov 24 1900,
“wes. Wood Holders, Hearth will close (ROME | LY tn al! cans at the General
Brushes, etc. Post Office as follows: PARCELS POST MAILS
LEWIS & CONGER, dose ou hour eariier than closing time shown below,
atee! Pos ails for Germany ciose ati PS ul
130 and 132 West 424 St., and 135 West | day. i
4st St. . TRANSATLANTIC MAILS.
—_—_—_—_— — == THURADAY Ato A M. for FRANCE Switz
7 “RLAND, Y, SPAIN, PORTUGAL,
FUNERAL OF DAVID HENNESSY. TURKEY bGYPT, BRITISH INDIA and

LORENZO MARQUES per steamsh!p L’Aqui

 

  

 

fatne (mat! for other parts of Europe must be
Crowds at the Church Accounting Demanded directed “per steamabip I Aquitaine”). ;
SATURDAY.--At 3.30 A. M EUROPE, per

   

foung Corneille.
of Young Co Queenstown at 7 A.M

Y ria. Via
for AZORES ISLANDS per steamship Spartan
Prince; at 8 A. M. for NETHERLANDS direct,
per steamship Amsterdam, (mall must be directed
wr steamship Amsterdam”) at 10 A. M. for
SCOTLAND direct, per steamship Anchoria,
(mall must be directed “per steamst!p Auchoria.”

steamship U

 

Bay Snore, L. I, Nov. 21. The funeral of
David Hennessy was held to-day in the Metho-
dist Chureh. The church was crowded and
business in town was practically suspended
The services were conducted by the Rev AL W.
Byrnes, pastor of the cnurch, assisted by the
Rev Ht Armstrong The services at the

ave in Oakwood Cemetery were conducted

y Dr. Byrnes. Rutus Corneille has bean
served with an order compelling him to render
n account of the business in which he and
flennesay were engag

—S—

 

*PRINTED MATTER, ETC.—This steamer takes
Hrinted Matter, Commerctal Papers, and Sam
ples for Germany only. ‘The same class of mall
matter for other parts of Murpe will not be sent
by this ship unless specially directed by her

After the closing of the Supplementary Transatlantic
Mails named above, additional supplementary
matis are opened on the piers of t American, ,
English, French and German atea «=, and re-
Malin open until within Ten Minutes of the hour
of sailing of sleamer

   
     

       

Medical.

 

 

 
   
 

 

=NTION-—OLD DR, GRINDLE, GRADUATE ee

ATT sity oF Be OE NEW VottiE | MAILS FOR SOUTH AND CENTRAL AMERICA,
MEDICA], DEPARTMENT, 35 YFAKS A SPE- ¥ , WEST INDIES, bre ve tet
CIALIST IN DISEASES OF MEN, OLD DR GRIN. | THURSDAY. At 2:50 As M for JAMAICA, | per
DLE. has been loager established and has bad more steamehip Admiral Sampar tor adie
experience than any other advertising physician bia al 7 A. M, for St. THOMAS and |
elty papers prove this, Cuder Lis scientific system of ROX, via St. Thomas, per st ainer Mi ar
treatment blood and skin diseases, pain in bones, red from Philadeiphia. atil AM for PORTO h cA
spots, sore throat and mouth, ulcers, painful swell- per United States transport Rawlins via San tian;

YADDAL,
steam.

ati P Miisupplementary 130 M
GUANTANAMO end SANTI
ship Santiago

scalding in
. weak back,

aelinte
wear

 

AGO, |

ings, kidney and bladder compl
tlammation, gravel, undevelupe:

   

 

   

lost vitality, are apeedily, permanently cured. Men , s ae
about w marry should go to DR. GRINDLE'S old | FRIDAY. Ati P. M. for NORTH DRé.ZIL, pes
established office, over 16 years at 17) West 12th st, s aap op ees me Fare ate ‘ eae An
between Oth and 7th avs Impediments removed SA A be > r Fe RTUNE ISLANDS. TAA MICA
Sufferers. do not waste time consulting less abilful SAVANILLA, CAKTHAGENA. and) GREY:
physicians, Remember OLU DR. GHINDLE has a TOWN ‘aise Costa. Rica when specially
record for marvellous cures. | Advice iree, Medicine addressed for this steamer at 10 A. Me
$1. Hours 0 @ Sundays, # to 5 for PORK TO HICO, per steamship Ponce, vis San
fi - > : ts aaa he Juan; atiO Ao M. supplementary 1030 A. Mo
OLD DR, GREY, 45 years a spectalist ta for VENEZUELA and CURACAO, per steam-

diseases of men only, Quickest permanent cure

ebip Maracaibo «mall for Savaniila and Carthe-

  
     
 
   

      

 

 
  
 

   
   

 

    
      

   

 

   

   
  
  

  

     

  
 

 

 

  
  
  

 

 

 
 

  

gliararteed in all the diseases pecular to men, blood gene tice! be directed “per sicamehip Mar-
poison, skin diseases, kidney and bladder trouble, acailn 11 A.M for CUBA, per eteanm«iap Morro
weakness, nervous debility, errors of youth, had Castle, via Hat Al aty M. for YUCATAN,
dreams, undeveloped organs, impediments to mare persteamehip Dawg Via Progress, at AM
triage, &e, Consult old ltr, Garey lirst) he ts the old for VUCATAN, per p Proma, via Proe-
est established and the longest in practice of any reso inal must be directed “per steam p
specialist in the city. oMce corer OS vears at 120 Bast Tinian atl? M. for BARHADUS and SANTOS
17th st.. near Union Syuare. Hours, ¥ to us San ber steam PP Hawusa: at AP. M. for ARGEN
Pio ds. Sctentife treatment advice free Meat "TINE HLIC, URE \\ and PARA
eine only cents Vo charge unis ss cured eae oF AY. ste oe Ly ot 8 P.M. for
4 DR. AND MRS. HALE, recular graduates; ia per ee reir
fh. specialist; 30 years’ experiences in female com Mails for ‘fuundiand by rall to North Sydney,
riaints, irregularities fre ise ommedi ately re by sivainer, Close at this office dnity
Heved without operatio r danger hartoless ronnectng close bere ewery Mon
eilective. abou ute rei! ‘ aree, private sant «day and Saturday Mails for Mi-
tarlum with tratnett n f patents desiring to quflon, by Tanto boston, and theoce by steamer
remalo under doctor's care hours @ to @, consulta close at Wis office dally at S80 PM. Malls for
ton free, confidential. F West tithst Caba, by rail to Port "Tany a, Vla., and thenee
A —QUICKEST PERMANENT CURE in diseases by steamer, close at this office dally at §7 A. M
fh. oof men. dangerous cram soletted, relict at once ihe connecting Clases are ou Sunda Wednesday
those desiring only frstclass seientife treatment and Friday). Mails for Mexico (ity, overland,
should call, Thelead!ng spectaliat, DRO BONSCHUR niess speelaily addressed for despateh by steamer,
141 West iste vtec, Flow Sunday. inte) close ab this offer daily at 240 AM. and 2 a0
- a Seg ee aR ! M Matia for Costa Rica, belige, Puerto
A —A.-DR CONKADS SANITARIL A | Pstad Cortez and Guatemala, bv rail & New Orleans,
“he. «6 8AD Diseases of womet newly and com and thence by steamer, close at thie oer daily
pletely equ pped 27 West 47th at ; Con ai (800 T M. (connecting clogem tere Mondays
sullaton fre Hours, 9 Send for booklet bel for Relive, Puerto Corter and Guatemala and
sazo S8th. = ; a r vesday s tor Costa Kite §Hegistered mail
DR ANB MRS AMES Oitent aud most suc closes at 6.08 P.M, previous day
ful specialists in fem regularities TRANSPACIFIC
7 . a NSPA‘ iC MAILS.
lished 30 vears roved ae fle treatioent Malls for Hawatl, Japan.China ana Phil ne Islanda,
diate relief positively guaranteed tno moat ob Via San rranciaco, Close here dali tesor.M
eases, private sanitar regular graduated jpuy pto Nov, 928, inclusive, for despatch per steam
sician: consultation free confidential 44 West 23d abio Dorie, Sails for China .. atch a
Opposite Proctor's “Theatre ae Nanoouver, close bere dafly ate soi, M up to
Dp" AND MRS. SIMPSON, the leading specialists Nov $27. inciusive, far despatc! yer steamship
in New Vork sucessfully treat all female trreg Empresas ef Ching (rerietered mat! must be d
ularities. private sanitartum. with trained muraes for rected “Nia Vaonmon iver Mats for Hawai
| patents rer ning under doctors care thirty vears’ CMmina, Japan and Poilippine Isands, sia San
experience « jiaton free wtow 2S West 27th brancisey, close here daly at 630 P Mo up to
at, near Hro al ars 4), tect inive ( Crspapeh per stean ship
——- : ; . = ° Nippon Mz: Ma fer Austr Ory
[)RPoeeies MONTY He) Lat R, $2 Se humseiay. Nee Sealand. * avail, ik,
Univ cure for female irregular!) es, any period, and Samoan [siane a San Francisco, eloae
sale, pein iene Method, immediate action cure guar here daily at@ toh f upto Dee §7, inclusive
anteed private sunitariuu advice free couftdential; for ¢ . on ‘io Rierr v
Yto? Di. POZZES REMEDY CO, 50 W 2athise, Pee ee Rep Sere cee a
Hroadway aud 6th av. via Euros. and New Zealand, whieh vo vig
D°tur MRS. HEINHARI, 135) West 43d st, San Franctses) «nd bist island \ Anoouver,
~Female trreguiarit.es seiont! ically painiessly close here at‘ sonreM t 7, upto
treated: muaranterd $0 years’ experience Dee. §4, for despatch per steamship
~——— mn Aoran tar mails, sr
D®_ AND MAS SCHROEDER, tomate speciatiats, dose a 6:3 Ter, $0). —
careful, akeiful, confidential treatment, strictly Cal CORN! VAN COTT, Postmaster
Iwate, 240 East Sath st *. Noe. 1 nm
br 3 Post Office \ ak, N ¥., Now. 16, 1900

—_—_—_—_—_—_—_—_—_—_—_——————KKKKK<<eKeKKeKeEerss=
RO MORE CONCISE AGGREGATION

of Real Fstate News is to be found in an

mesure tban that printed in Tuk BUN eaob Gay.

_ . ;

\ i

R MRS. HOHLMANN, regular physician, 122
West 45tb st. cures irregularities without pain
or medicine, $10.
Te
1 WEST 49TH ST..-Dr. Crowe cures trregu-
I 22 lariies at once without pain br medicine. =
,