Farpar, Frartant é, 10. a GP
° Fair and colder to-day; fair toanorrow; brisk... ;
- morthwest and west winds.

     

  

= a > — ——— ee nomen . severstinteeninetpehincmaiion
VOL. LXXVIL—~—NO, 157. *NEW YORK, FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 4, 1910,—coovrions 1010, by the Sun Printing and Publishing

CAN POLICEMAN WALCH RIDE?| "92% 74X"4ve"s socrery./SWOPE TRUSTER NAMED
Propese to Have Something to Say About ,
WELL, HERE'S WHAT HE DID What Is Dene With Their Money.
TO A GREEN EYED MUSTANG: ALnanr, Feb. 3.—The Society of Women
Taxpayers of New York, with principal i
Jumped te its Back From His Own Fiying | Office in New York city, was incorporated | Declared That Mrs. Bwepe Feared
Heres, Pinched Its Nese Tul It Quit | With the Seoretary of State to-day to Weuld Poison Her and That
—This in Broadway After Panoramic |*#sist in the improvement and welfare Fever Appeared After One
hase in Fifth Avenac and Miles Away | Of the city of New Yor‘, to join in common Convulsions During Another i —
interest the women taxpayers of the city Kawsaa Crrz, Feb. 8.~At 909 aime

   
  
   
  
   
  
  
 
  
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
   
 
  
   
  
 
 
  
  
   
 

 

 

 

 

 

PIER PRACR | satel ‘mano | SUFFRAGETTES SURRENDER.
TARIFF PBAGE WITH GERMANY |i, ==" ot, bn ounces, "he |MOBSWOOPS DOWN ONA DANOE| * s SURRENDE
and Germany is so vast and the interests’ ’ Formally Asfeunce That “Militant”
WIN i MOM RATES GRANTED By |'®Volved 20 great that these questions |peservyES FROM FOUR PRE- Metheds Are to Be Dropped.

ROTH GOVERNMENTS. ee Phases of complexity very diM- | V.ivers TO HANDLE THEM. Special Cable Despatch to Tan Sux.
i settlement. The admission of | Lowpon, Feb. 8.—The sailltent eulfre-
uplete Agreement Abelishes Micro Gelapae end culations reetint . it ceed Night Seciety the Announced | Settes seem to have realiaed the futil-
r mee : . Host—Thousands of Tickets seta | ‘ty of militancy. Anyway it is announced

scopic Examination ef Perk in Ger- | importation of meat products of various
nan Ports—Live Cattle Question sun | kinds, the German customs rules govern- —Gallery Railings Torn Dewn—Am- | 2 their newspaper that it will be aban-
wulances Ready, but Ne One Is Hart, | 4oned and that it will not be resumed

Open—Seeretary Knox Gratined. ing the drawback of duty allowed on
“unless we are cofivinced that the Govern-

oe when exported from Germany, sal sie
WaAsHINGTON, Feb. 3.—The tariff ne- of which are of exceeding interest | [pn the pouring rain last night 11,000 ment will yield to nothing else.” An ethibition of horserhanship and to disseminate information among ‘
gotiations between the United States o eee aees mee ms nn have persons, men and women, fought the “We hope the need of it, is over and daring that will be remembered by those ite members as to the | i and ool this ere ere
ani Germany which have been pending | sitirely aside from that of equivalent police of the Fourth inspection district | that militancy has dose its work,” the ren was afforded « Rrotd-|iscting of taxes. Among the directors the ibe! cults bs she Dr. B.C. 3s
for several months have been concluded | tariff adjustment. for nearly two hours in the streets in| article goes on. Opposition to the Gov- yesterday by Otto J. Walch... vrs William Cumming Story, Mrs. |” bar on
salisfactorily to both Governments. A} “These questions have now been én-|front of the Grand Central Palace at! ernment, it says, will be sontinued and} ™ounted policeman attached to Traffic | waward Lauterbach, Mrs. Charlotte Wil- aa ae dake ha ae by *
riff war will be averted. The United |tirely eliminated from the negotiations. | Lexington avenue and Forty-third street. | the suffragettes will take the field in every | Saued C and doing duty at Madison |)... ..4 Mrs, Julia Herrick Moody of New ee ape stopped a
They sought to gain admission to the! by-election to urge the electors to’ vote |*venue and Twenty-seventh street. Iniy oe ae See
hall to see an amateur dance and guessing inst the Government. issued orde! ae
Ts PEARY METEORITES, 40,000, |3°%" M. Cleary, counsel for, Dr. i

 

 

te

Ft.
iy

 

 

 

TOLD IN LETTER OF pOcTGR,
RELATIVES ACTIVITY, —~

 

 

 

  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
    
   
   
    
 

5

an

om)

  
  
  
   
 
    
   
  
 
 
  

 

 

 

his horsé to tlre back of a flying mustang
that had no saddle, bridle, or even halter,
wriggied himself along the mustang’'s
baok yntil he could reach ite nostrils, and
Choked it until it quit. 4

There is a saying in the Police Depart-
ment that. every man gets his chanoe—

s
j
as

:
i
E
i
:
i

 

 

Mr. Sharp, Unable te Get Anywhere,

states will obtain not only the German| The Government of the United States,
contest. Brass railings were torn from
February 7 next, but will receive also the | ernments involved, with the t and will hear arguments ca
} rédit and Alse for
smashed. The crush became so great | Stands Up fer City's C
Governments. In return Germany will | #04 y in the light of the existing Meteorites that were brought from the | for both sides in the libel cases
Payne-Aldrich tariff act after March 21 pleased with result in readiness in case of accident. ;
ee a = it was learned last night, was in the neigh-| ‘This morning the eituation
over
ment and the tariff »? such a long distance from obance was of that kind. There was an
operative, New York Amateur Night Society would P es a at the a ites | to give d ‘ in bie
\rlumph for Secretary of State Knox. Al-| which has already been approved by the | @ffair was in charge of Frank MoCarthy das dome at the city of New York had | "¢ndo of 905 Kast 108d street was one of a
fe the had been purchased from Mrs. Peary |%d Jarmes A. Reed, attorneys
trade between the countries is estimated | countries is to be submitted tothe Reiohs- | The tickets for the affair were printed | ®t @ higher rate of inteteat than those of | Frederic Remington's and had those
aad slander suit Dr. Hyde had
ary.” When these tickets were presented| “New York city ia not bankrupt,”
ment which has been in force since 1907, 7 ; 7
bi will be avoided and that after February largest of the three weighs about forty |4t the dame time—i0 o’slack.
price, $1. fact in Wall Street and to the business | around thé animal's neck and started for
one hundred out of nearly 1,000 tariff num- The anaes ATE SAA Se aS a a
ago and told him that three policemen | New York is an immoral city. From my
from the United States but left many im- Sunthes o Gaavé—Yeo, Asventes. iron heads for their spears end arrows.

;ainimum rates now enjoyed under the however, will present them separately
special agreement which will expire on German Government and the other | 1
the baloonies of the Palace, doors were] wayor TALKS IN FLUSHING.
benefit of all the minimum rates of the| expectation that these governments will | dragged from their hinges and windows —_—— American Museum of _—— History Ot “en
German tariff now accorded to foreign Tae the American claims fully a Bays Them From . Peary. Until t jer was issued
that Capt. Lantry called two ambulances srely. Arotic by Commander Pi heave been pe
: facts. . a y e Feary nave jockeying for an advantage in the
receive the minimum tariff rates of the) «xe Government of the United States |P°m Flower Hospital to the scene to be! sven in Flushing Theatre in Queens last purchased of tobthinotid. = on
‘Yaext, when the maximum and minimum | reflects the joint and harmonious labérs| For two weeks the city has been cov-| Association. The dinner was about half .
when he doesn't expect it. Waloh’s | borhoud of $40,000. Frank Walsh und John Cleary, 4
features of the American law will become | of the tariff officers of the State Depart- ered with posters announcing that the = usually may a a haa
Incidentally the euseesaful outcome Danese, Fb. "0 Fae teri neato. cae Seats a8 peaetie: eee Ac-| Seep in the autommotild oa hie way h Carven 3 Fee a ee creel Sane {%0 Mrs. Peary and that they were sold! ine doctors, the st. Loule
of the presen’ A io v ng to posters ete I xchange. \ . ; :
negotiations is diplomatic | gates have progressed so far that a bill | °rdi ma , It was reported *that the meteorites |“"d John G. Paxton.
lowing for importations into Germany| Federal Council for the adjustment of |a stepson of the late Judge MoCarthy| been impaired by detractors until crowd there to up bargaigs. A piebald ete”
A. tw that lodked like a drawing of} by Mrs. Morris K. Jesup and presented | Margaret Swupe, bad. the same Wi
hrough other countries the volume of | the commeroilal relations between the two | of the City Court. ie Eka to tee os = Titeleutieokans ts aie
tag. like regulation theatre tickets and stamped | *maller cities in the State
at about $600,000,000. t . it * roads.
By the terme of the commercial agres- of Feared ne A eee ene —_ . o, . mr across them was the word “compliment- muusoum, anid lest dight that the meteor. (22: eae peeeee:
at the doors last night the holder was|S#id the Mayor. “Its bonds are the best bidder, got the mustang for $0 ites were the largest in the world. The | Witnesses were to appear in 8
Germany extended to the United States |the German general tariff will not be | told to exchange them for hat checke—|iMvestment in the world. Spread this| _ Sorrenclo put @ flimsy bridle of cord ’ ae
its conventional, or lowest rates, on about | applied to American products. tons—the other two an aggregate of ten The object of both aiden waa’ | Bo
j Manager Nathan of the Grand Central houses of New ay og inen 108d street. Tho mustang went along tons. ot Dr. Hyde.
bers. Theee 100 numbers covered a large; SMITES A SUBWAY PLUCKER. | Palace called on Capt. Laatry a few days| _ “Another thing esnminns oxy quietly as far af Second avenue and | 41 Of see show marke made by Ealcieos
" percentage in value of the actual imports would do to hold the crowd ih order, | tfavel and observations I know it is the|Ninety-seoond street, Then its e¥e*/ who for many years chipped from the
Last night Policemen MoGrath, Sheehan | ost decent moral city of any of the big | changed color and before Sorrendo know
portant commodities of American manu-

 

and O'Neil were sent around. MoCarthy | “ities of the world *

 

FLETCHER HARPER'S HURTS.

 

facture at a disadvantage in competition | ..'*,% Secowaging to ecrabble to the

with similar products from other countries.
This agreement will expire on February

7, An agreement has been reached under
which it will be possible for the German
Government, with the cooperation of
, the Imperial Parliament, to avoid-any
_f interruption of trade and at the same time

extend to the United States not only the
. rates now enjoyed but the entire remain-
ing schedules of minimum rates now
accorded other countries. In announcing
the conclusion of the negotiations Secre-
tary Knox made this statement:

"The basis of the settlement is that
fjwermany grants to the United States
ver full conventional tariff rates in return
for the minimum tariff of the United
stateé This is an exchange of minimum
forininimum. It places the United States
on exactly the same terms as all other
countries to which Germany grants con-
ventional rates under her various com-
mercia) conventions or most favored
nation treaties.

“In the President's opinion the re-
spoisibilities devolved on Rim by the
Payne-Aldrich act require from all
countries 4 grant to the United States
of substantially their lowest tariff rates.
It is a source of muoh gratification to

i .. he President that Germany finds it pos-

sible to extend to the United States her

complete minimum schedules without | gidgg

reservation or qualification.

'*The volume of business passing di-
rectly between the two countries is now
$499.000,000 annually. It has grown to
this amount from $261,000,000 in 1499.

“The satisfactory resolution reached
has been in a large measure due to the
friendly and conciliatory spirit of the
German Government. It was recognized
on both sides that while in the variety
and complexity of modern commercial

. ‘conditions some points of divergence

hetween two great commercial nations
would be encountered, their nature was
not such as to preclude an agreement
which would be beneficial in the mutual
markets

“In return for the concession of her full
emventional or lowest rates Germany
would be accorded the minimum tariff
of the United States. This puts Germany
) the position of the most favored nation
in her tariff relations with the United
States. The maximum tariff of the United
States, which, as the basic tariff, would
otherwise apply after March 81, will
therefore not go into effect, the minimum
being granted in return for Germany's
full minimum rates. The result is to
give to Germany the same assurance
inder the United States tariff law that
she has secured by her treaties with other
countries,

“In reaching a settlement some qués-
tions which had arisen regarding the
administrative features of the Payne-
Aldrich law and some
as to possible unfavorable treatment of
German imports into the United States
have been dispelled to the satisfaction
of the German Government. A collat-
eral matter relating to the interpretation
and application of the pure food law has
also been explained satisfactorily.

“In arriving at an agreement some
questions not directly relating to tariff
shedules and rates of duty have re-
ve.ved the very full consideration which
‘Meir importance ‘demanded. It was
the President's opinion that in view of
tie very thorough and complete inspeo-
“on of pork products now made
the United States inspection law of 1
‘ie healthfulness of these products
~ fully established before their expor
‘ston that the results of this inspection
~sculd be accepted in foreign countries

place of the microscopic inapection

_ h formerly existed in the United
No objection is made to microscopic
hspection of their own by foreign coun-
Nes, but the insistenos on certificatés
of microscopic inspection from the United
States and the failure to recognize the
Present interstate inspection, whioh was
substituted for it, was # bar to the admis-
sion of these products inte, some of
vierman porte, The reasonableness

rat

“erman Government, and under

   

to wait for the next train.
This happened to Bowling R. Sharp,
an electrician, of Central avenue, Rock-

E
E
F
i
o

'

 

ASTOR SAYS SHF’S A BEAT.
tees ent
Parpie Lad). Back From the island, Ar-
rested fer Unpaid Hotel Bin.
A woman who called herself Mra. T. L.
Johnéon vas held in $600 bail in the West

$12.50. She had been a guest of the Astor
since January 29 and’ was arrested upon
complaint of Manager Fred Wishart.

The police say the woman was released
from the workhouserecently after serving
sixty days for petit larceny. She was
committed to prieon under the name
of Mra. Audrey L. Williams after being
arrested on the complaint of a Sixth ave-
nue department store. She was convicted
of ordering goods sent to her at the Hotel
Manhattan, where she was staying, and
paying for them with checks bearing the
forged signatdre of Percival Whitall,
a Worcester carpet manufacturer.

The woman appeared in court dressed

all in pyrple.

AUTO HITS AND RUNS.

 

 

Ff. D. Hanter Gadiy Hart by a Car Which
Seoots Away the Faster.

Frank D. Hunter, a florist of 64 East
177th street, was run down and seriously
hurt by a maroon colored automobile
after alighting from a trolley car last
night at Jerome avenue and 177th street.

Mr. Hunter stepped from the car and
was near the curb when the automobile,
which had @ heavy limousine bedy, shot
from behind the trolley car and knocked
him to the sidewalk. Persons in the
car yelled to the chauffeur, but he opened
up hie speed and dashed away.

Police Captain Herman W. Schiottman,
who was in the trolley car, ordered the
motorman to speed up after the auto.
Two men pursued it in a taxicab, hut the
quarry got away.

Mr. Hunter was carried to his home and
attended by Dr. C. H. Montgomery of
1827 Anthony avenue. Dr. Montgon ery
said that his patient was in a serious
condition and might not live.

 

DRIVER FAINTS, AUTO GOKS ON,

Zigzag» Through Breadway Tangic With
Nebedy at the Wheel.

‘A chauffeur driving a limousine auto-
mobile containing four persons collapsed
at the wheel when the machine was cots-
ing down Broadway at Forty-seventh
etreet at theatre time lest night.

As he alid from his seat to the floor the

 

;
i
i
|

Wint ers saw what was up, jumped into
the car, turned off the power and out on
the °

Ape 9 Frank Felton, of 108

West : was —
Siege eee eae

 

 
 
  

   
 
 
 
 
   

  
 

was on hand early and showed a permit
to hold the affair and the doors were
opened at 7 P. M.

On the posters it was announced also
that for the best dancers prizes would
be given ranging from $200 down to $20
and that a bucket would be suspended
from the ceiling with a number in it. The
one who guessed the number would re-
osive $200. ‘The judges were announced
at Herman Robinson, Alderman Samuel
Marks, Courtlandt Nicoll and W. L. Lil-
lard, banker.

As soon as the doors were opened wide
the crowds began to come. They poured
in on the three lone policemen. They were
held up by the demand for the hat check
money, but for just a minute. Then a
gang of young men, with girls behind
them, formed a flying wédge and the
three policemen, ten apecial officers and
the ticket taker, the box office itself aad
everything else movable were overturned
as the crowd went surging into the hall.

The three policemen got to the near-

t telephone and told Capt. Laniry what
was going 6n. He hurried around from
Kast Fifty-first street with sixteen men.
They were simply swallowed up in the
fast growing mob which was fighting to
get inside the doors and out of the down-
pour.

Lantry didn't waste any time fighting.
He geve orderé to his men not to’ draw
any nightsticks and to do their best
Then he called out the reserves of the
entire Fourth inspection district, com-
prising the West Forty-seventh, Wost
Sixty-eighth, East Thirty-fifth and East
Fifty-first street precincts, By that time,
according to the figures of the police,
there were 6,000 men and women in the
streets and more arriving every minute.

Lantry tried to persuade them to-go
home, but they wouldn't listen to him.
The balconies inside the hall are sur-
rounded by brass railings. They were
torn off and hurled on the crowd below.
With the balconies packed and no pro-
tection to keep them from being pushed
off on those below Lantry decided it was
time to olear the inside of the building.
Manager Nathan when he heard of this
begged the captain not to interfere with
the crowd or there would be a riot.

Lantry agreed with Nathan and de-
cided to clear the streets outside, The
police were massed with some difficulty
near the é@ntrance to the Grand Central
Palace. They then tried to spread out
and to push the crowd back before them.
Tt took just a little short of two hours be-
fore they succeeded. A line was formed
finally at Forty-second street on the
south and Forty-fifth street on the north
and no one was allowed to pass inside
it except the two ambulances which were
kept there until the hall began to empty.

Inside the hal) the crowd continued to
struggle for room to stand. Women lost
their skirts and they were trampled under
foot, while men had their coats torn in
the effort to help their women folks.
Still nobody thought of leaving until
they succeeded at least in getting both
feet on the floor. By 10 o'clock the crowd
had fought iteelf out of breath and was
tiring.

Then first by twos and fours and later
by tens and dozens they began to come
out of the building and were quickly
run outside the police lines. The hall is
supposed to hold 3,500 people, but Capt.
Lantry estimated the crowd that re-
mained for the dancing last night at
neater 3,800 than 3,500. They stayed at
that, and so did a great part of the crowd
outside, hoping to be allowed to get in
when others came out. The police re-
mained on the job, however, and Capt.
Lantry gave orders that no one was to
be allowed inside the Grand Central

; | Palace, no matter how many came out,

In all the crush the police did not hear of
any one being hurt.
mager Nathan aod Mr. MoCarthy

DOCTORING TO REFORM HIM.

i
|

é

e¢

 

MONTEFIORE HOME SOLD.

Apartment Houses te Be Built en the
Upper Breadway Week.

 

and other apartment houses on the upper
West Side, the alte now occupied by the
home. The sale inoludes the. block,
bounded by Broadway, Hamilton place,
188th and 189th streets and the block
front on the east side of Hamilton place
between 188th and 189th streets. Hall

4. How & Co., real estate brokers, nego-

tiated the deal. Apartment houses will
be erected on both plots.

Some time ago Jacob H. Schiff, presi-
dent of Montefiore Home, announced
that the institution had ovtgrown its old
quarters and was negotiating for 4 good
sized plot of ground in The Bronx. Last
week the negotiations were closed and
the home took over some four blocks of
vacant land fronting on Gun Hill road
Woodlawn road, Steuben avenue and
210th street. A num of buildings will
be erected there at a cost of $1,000,000.

 

 

JERSEY CITY JEWS COMPLAIN.

Delegation Sees Mayor and He Premises

Judges Joseph F. Farner and John Wall
Queen before him yesterday afternoon
to meet a delegation of Jewish residents
who had complained that much Jew
baiting wae going on in the city and
authorities were not really
a stop to it.

Several Jows récited instances
leged street assaulta at the hande Of swift
footed boys with nimble fin
corner loafers.

Chief Menahan said that an investi-
gation made of one it led him
to believe that the Jews who were Abused

admitted that while the affair was largely | them

attended few paid for hat checks.
Merrie, the Packer, Buys $1,000,000
Ranch.

Kansas City, Mo., Feb. 3.—Edward F.
Morris of Chicago, president of the Nelson

 

Some of the Mayor's friends think that
the complainants have been stirred to
action by Democratic politicians who

 

Ohad Killed With Peleened Candy

  
  
  
  
   
   
  
  

 

"t a break in the wiry little
fellow’s until he got to Forty-eighth
a boy tried to head him off.
goarcely wavered. The boy
Wf? up dovered with dirt but

    
  

evenue.

‘It Was then just about 50'olock. Walch,
mounted on a new police horee which
has named Society, was busy keep-
ing moving on Madison avenue.
fast as the m

2

ran the ory that he
Soviety across the outlet to

 

was coming went

;

bel

;

>

|

E

HT
F

g
.

i
i

i

53%
tr

if

 

sligh
@ wagon which the driver was trying | the
to get out of the runaway’s way.
There was more of a tangle at the Broad-

the twinkling of an eye,
but Broadway enjoyed what came next.
Without hesitation Walch swung himeeif
well out of his saddle, threw himself to
the back of the mustang and let go of his

  
  
   

 
  
  

thing in the police training achool. “
can all do it,” he said.
questions were fired at him he got mad.

THE SEAGOING CARD SHARPS

Working Their Game Now on Lines toe
South America.

Capt. In C. Lawé of the Royal Mail
steamship Ortona, in yesterday, before
assuming his present command was run-
ning between Seville, Lisbon and Buenos

 

 

 

Brought te the City by Special Train to
Underge Operations.

Warre Pains, Feb. 3.—Fletcher Harper
who was injured last fall when his horse
fell on him during a run of the hounds
of the Westchester Hunt Club, was taken
to-day in a special train to New York.
He will enter the New York Hospital.
Operations are to be performed on his
pelvic bones and his ribs.

Several of Mr. Harper's ribs were
horsé, which stumbled

i
i
§

 

COMES TO GOVERNMENT'S AID.

 

important Witness in Beef Case Said to
Have Got Immunity.

Curcaoo, Feb. 3.—It was reported in
the Federal Building to-day that an im-
portant witness for the Government in
its effort to discover evidence that the

 

name of the witness was not dis-

iz

When Grand Jury went into session

Stearns, a clerk of Swift & Co., and Arthur
F. Rogers, a department manager, were
also examined.

 

CARUSO FIGHTS SURGEON'S BILL.
terme
Thought 63,000 Enough for Bestoring
Hin Votce—610,000 Asked. f
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tar Sun.
Lonpon, Feb. 4.--The Milan ocorre-
spondent of the Telegraph says that Enrico

*|Caruso’s throat has just escaped being

the subject of litigation. Dr. Vedova,
who treated Caruso, submitted a bill for

* 1$10,000 for an operation he performed

some time ago.

Caruso objected to the amount and
offered $2,000 in settlement. Then, on Dr.
Vedova's insistence, he increased the offer
to 83,000.

After long and fruitless negotiations
Dr. Vedova entered suit, citing Caruso to
appear before a Florence court. Caruso
then further enlarged his offer, and sub-

‘| sequent negotiations ended in Dr. Vedova

accepting 96,000.
LIQUID EGGS SLIZED.

 

 

Pure Food Inspectors Cause a Cold Stor-
age Raid.
Liquid egg, 278 cane of the meat of

, | broken éggs, fronen, was seized yesterday

by United States Marshal Henke at the
storage plant of the te Refriger-
ating Company at 150 eatreet, Pure
Food Inspectors Duff and Lind made the
complaint to United States Attorney
Wise, who secured an order from the
District Court for the seisure of the eggs
aa unfit for food. | lind eaid
the eggs belonged to William Rubin. of
104 Duane street.

The egas will be deatroyed on February
22 unless it can be shown that they are
@ useful article, Egg is used for other
purposes than food,

Directs That Her Burial Day Be o Day
of Jey.

 
 
  

some medicine. He said
and told her he would put
her tongue and he went
a glass of water.

“On drinking this wa
found it distasteful and ‘
made an outory against
bad and that she must {have

this position hag been recognised by the
the
au

Order for Arrest ef Hocking Ratirona to-day, Mra Paulina | came to in about twenty

 
   

    
 
  

 
 
      
   
   

   

sideration was $1,000,000, The sale

Morris king Company, has t
a he eg Rg eS
/ m*srevment concluded the imperial au- oon firmed

a little son of Nele Nelsen picked up «

Oconto, Wis., Feb. 8.—This efternoon | Ayres. He sald that the gambd v
from the “erannatiantic eet =
thay

   
  

 
   
 
  
   
 
 
 

    
   

to De Something.
Mayor H. Otto Wittpenn of Jersey

‘horities will take steps to modify the by Dr. Woods to-day i | eack of chocolate candy dn hie parents’ 00 te te betwees Porktgal shal be ane of Tor tome friends. She | y, . The sun: rere ae
orl w a : . | , or 5 e See.
aeons regulations under whidh ao steun arrest lS eas Vinee ao —_ ‘Gy toe Nation al wot Goaeates aeggetep and he and his sister Hilda ate ad Ww requests be no . and that -
icials at some ‘he : . . te oak on u officiate. added:
a porte have ‘ w 4, taken we the f the ‘The girldied this plan > we emohing an she est of singing aad musio

   

 

 

Padinan Files into a Fenee.
Feb. 3.—-Louis Paalhan, the
n

  
 

  
 
 

Thus uniformity is seoured, 60 that these
Products will be admitted at all the porte
of Gerinany. ;

“The scope of the ne
ol of a4

  
   

way sol q : pen, seal thcey!
aks occa he

 

Pi