|

 

 

 

OL, LXVIL—NO; 149.
BRITISH ADVANCE SLOW.

BOERS FOUND WELL INTRENCHED ON
7H ROAD 10 LADYSMITH,

Gen. Warren Pushes On a Little—~A Boer
Boast That It Will Take the British
Three Months to Reach the Town—Cas-
ualties in the Battles Are Slight So Far
and British Soldiers Imitating the Boers,

 

Special Cable Despatches to Tag Sun,

Lonpow, Jan, 23.--A despatch to the Chroni-
ele from Spearman's Camp, dated Jan, 22, 4:15 |
P. M., says: “Gen, Warren continues pushing |
the enemy, though necessarily he is making
very slow progress, the Boers being numervus
and strongly intrenched on the kopjes they
hold. They have several good guns mounted, ,
but the greatest effect is produced by their
Maxime and rifles.

“Our tnfantry {8 working over parallel ridges
with Lord Dundonald'’s cavalry lying well
outonthe jeft flank awaiting developments.
Warren's artillery reopened fire this
The Boers did not reply and our flre
The naval guns here have |

Gen,
morning.
became less hot,
heen quiet,

‘A Doer prisoner here has boasted that it |
would take us three montha to reach Lady-
enith.’

Nothing has been made known officially con- |
eccoraing the operations of Gen, Bualler’s forces
yesterday. Tho only despateh from Gen, bul-

ler since Sunday pight is a preliminary
list of the easnuatties in Saturday's
fighting. One or two correspondents have

becn allowed bythe censor to mention that |
the artillery reopened fira ou Monlay morn-
ing, but allother reports transmitted on Mon-
day refer tothe situatioa on the previous day,
These confirm the reports that the progress
of the British ant ditleult. The |
telegrams, howevor, stili leave too much
unsaid toanable a realizition of the precise dise |
position ofthe British forces, What is known
indicatesthe probability that the present opera-
tions, if successful, will last several days yetand
the in/erene:s of some of the critics that Gen,
Buller’s announcement

s Very slow

precedes an

siene

 

  

 

 

     

PERJURY IN CUBA MUST SiOr,

A Severe Law to Be Enacted Regarding a
Widespread Evil in the Island.
Special Cable Vespatch to Tux Sun.

Havana, Jan, 22.~The newly appointed com.
missions on finance and laws will begin work
on Wednesday, Tho work of the Law Com-
mission is the more pressing, One ofthe first
things to be done {sto establish police courts

' over the whole Island so as to insure a prompt

hearing for all prisoners and thus prevent tha
tedious delays which are now common. One
result of the establishment of these courts will
bo the prompt release of those against whom
there {s no probable cause for action. The
whole system will bo arranged to expedite
the course of justice,

Bpectal attention will be paid to the punish.
mentof perjury. There is now no law existing

! against perjury, which ia so common that it

may be calleda national vice. A member of
Gen, Brooke's late cabinet said when arguing

NEW YORK, TUESDAY.

against the repeal of the law permitting tho |

State to foree evidence from accused persons
to be used against them that no convictions

could ever be secured unless this was per. |

mitted, He declared that he could get all the
witnesses he wanted to swear to anything
The commission intends to frame alaw relat.
ing to perjury that will be so severe that its
enforcement will lead to a wholesome fear of

| false swearing in tho courts,

Governor-General Wood and his party left
for Cienfuegos by a special train this morning.
They will travel by way of Matanzas, whero
they will take breakfast to-morrow morning
At Cienfuegos the party will go aboard tho

transport Ingalls and proceed along the south |

coast. By the time Gen, Wood returns the
commissions will be ready to submit some
recommendations that will lead to sweeping
reforms,

 

LAFAYVETIE STATUR FUNDS,

| Sealptor Niehaus Asks for an Investigation

by Congress,

Charles Henry Niehaus, a sculptor, of 148
West Thirty-sixth street, and living at 142
West 112th street, has sent an open letter
to the press addressed to the Lafayette
Memorial Commission, which has in charge

 

 

 

 

of his success need not engage attention, the erection of a statue of Lafayette in
Meantime, the very moderate total of the ; Paris, He ceelared to William RB. Day, Senator
British casvaltios and the sma’l proporiton of | Ww, B. Allison and Ferdinand Peek, the coms
deaths show a very different handling of | mfasioners, that they should have Congress in-
the troops compared with many of the | vestigate the statements an ithe eonduct of Mr
Previous §=engigemen's It also fur- ‘Thompson of Chieago,th retary of thecom-
nish pro tho correspondents’ mission. Several weeks ago, he declares, Mr.
orate nis ¢ erning the growing skill of Thompson said that $112,000 had been re-
th’ Brit availing themselves of | oeyyed forthe erection of the monument and
COVER Int ’ , that at least $50,000 more was neeled. Con
secordy Tel pl’s correspondent, — grogs voted to give $00,000 in Lafayette sous
the loers have two G-inch Creusot guns,  yenir dol’arsand it wasthe under-tanding that
about four 15-pounders and two machine «these dollars were to t@ sold in bulk forat
guns, which is moderate artillery | jeast $75,000. This would bring the fund up

force the defence of a position | to nearly a quarter of a million of dollars
which is said to extend = keveral Mr. Niehaus declares that he has heard that
mile Whother it indicates that the Boors = many dollars have been sold singly at $4
haveas yet been unable to count more guns apiece, He adda that M. Fmilo Hovelacque
or whether me guess, the present resist. Agregre, Fellowof the University of France,
ance is merely that of the rear guard covering has stated that the proposed Lafayette me-
morial will be placed in the Gardon of the

the withdrawal of che heavy guns aa the result
of he deliberate abandonment of the siege of
Lady th, it is impossible to say.

\y incident of Sunday's fighting was an at-
temptofthe Boers to turn the extreme British
left. The man puvre was dafeated, however,
by the artillery and the Devonshire Regiment.

Nothing juenve 18 happening at

 

 

of conse

 

 

 

 

 

the other war eentres. A despatch from
Rensh records an alarm in the Doers’
main tion on Saturday night, which
resulted iu & Useless fusiliade for threes
quarters of an hour The fire pugzied,
but didi jure the British. Gen, Methuen’s
position is unchanged, The usual routine Is
variod by oe nal patrols, demonstrations
i) r att
h eran Kim states that
th uheravy | r bom ment of the
r l Inst Wednesday 1 Thea re-
Bultis not stated
The Tim riespondent ‘urs owith
some others ir na that the Boers are using

the guns capture dat Colenso in opposing the
British acy

PIRTERMARITZEI NG, Jan, 22.—Gen, Warren
fought all day lay near Colenso, Two
hundred and ninety-iive of the British were
wounded,

Lonpon, Jan. °°.-The War Offlee has re-
ceived information from Pretoria that thirty-
six men of the Black Witch Regiment, who
have heretofore een reported as missing,
were buried by the Bovis at Magersfontein,
The War Office's list of casualties to the
British at Potgieter’. Drift show that 2 were
killed and 15 wounded and 1 is missing
A despatch from Spearman's Camp tothe War
OMce reports that Major Child of the South
A! n Light Horse has been killed and 4
troopers woundel Tho transport Canada has
arrived at Southampton from South Afriea
with 200 wounded British soldiers

At the annua! bac quet of the Alsace-Lorraine |
Feciety last night a subseription was raised
for the benefit of the Boers,

yy)

Su:

 

 

 

 

EMPEROR WILLIAM ON

He Praised the Boer Tacties and Expressed
Friendly Sentiments foward England,
sprtalta to THE Stuy

Brau, Jan, 22.—It is stated that at the
recent reception of the Presidents of the Prus- |
stan Chambers [Empsror William = diis- |
cussed the south African War in the
most impartial manner. He praleed the
sucerssful teetios of the Boers, who,
without swords or bayonets and relying solely
on their rifles had done so well At the same
time he expressed the deepest regret that so

THE WAR,

le Deenate

many of th» best English families were mourn-
ing the heroic death of husbands, fathers and
sons. The Emperor deplored the attitude of

ian press, which rendered it most
{d friction with England, |
arck's remark:

the Ger
difficult for him to as
He recalle ! Prines B

“We must pay for the windows broken by our
’ .

 

Mik A GUN AT KIMBERLEY,

|
ae |
|
|

A 28-Vonunder Manufactured at the De Beers
Shops aud Named Long Cecil.

Speeial ¢ Despatch to TUE SUN

Loxnon, Jan. 23—A despateh to the
graphfrom Kimberl-y, dated Jan, 14, says that
gun has been manufactured in

stile

a 2'-pounder

 

 

the | Leers Workshops, It waa tested on
Friday and tired accurately for 8,090 yards, It
has been named Long Ceeil, }
pete MUIES Mipe To uran, — |
Hearing Restor d to Two Young Women |
WMbo Hod Be o Deaf From Infancy. j
INDIAN 1, Jn, 22.—Mas Pearl Harris |
and ‘I tbe! Johnson, both of Howard |
county, )..ve en deu mutes from infaney, |
They were deeated at tae Institution
for ‘he Eduvation of th leaf ana Dumb
near this city, They attanel their ma-
jority nearly two years ago and wero

 

yon tithe reach of treatment,
Recently Dr, J. WoL Kokomo made
ap examination of MM ifarris’s ears and ane
nounced that he believed he could cure her,
and she was placed Voder his treatment, Miss
Johnéon also deetded to let him operate upon
her ears andhe terrook both cases, giving
to each the same treatment,

Examination showed that a thin film or cov.
ering was drawn tightly overthe drum of tho
earan:) the physician had instruments specially
made for piercing the dram He male several
incisions. ‘The operationss were suceessful bes
yond his expectations,an the patieat«are now |
able to hear as readily a8 @ person Who was |
never deaf, Aftertheir hearing was restored
the physician began to urge them to talk and
they are meking good progress, Dr, Rayborn
refuses to give particulars regarding the

supposed to be be
aynoorn of

 

     

   

means employed in the cures.

Tuileries and will be kept within asmail seale
ao as not to overshadow the Gambetta stacue
Mr, Niehaus alleges that such a. statue
should not cost, pedestal and all, over
374,000, He says that Paul Bartlett, the
seulptor, made boasts before the contract
waa let that he had the contract assured,
aud that only four members of the National
Senlptnre Society were notified in time for
them to prepar: bids Carl Pitter, who was. to
have assisted fn the work, has withdrawn, Mr.
Nehans alleges. Mr. Niehaus wants to know
where the rest of the money ia going.

     

MORE OK UNLOADERS ORDERED,

Said to Do the Work of 108 Men in Re-
moving Cargoes of Lake Vessels,

    

ASHTABULA, Ohio, Jan, 22.—T wo more gigan-
tie automati® ore unloaders have just been
rdered to be bailt for the Carnegie docks at
rat) Harbor, This aetion indicates

that the automatic ore unloader which
has Leer un fergoing tests at thar
port, has come up to a Xpectations, and

furthermore, that these machines will now bo
introduced rapidly at all
on the Great Lakes, thus throwing out of em-

’ Oreerecelving ports

 

 

winds of ore shovelers
stands more

ployment thous
This machine welghs 400 tons,

 

  

  

than fifty feet high, and the scoop-grasps,
hfts and transfers ten tons at onee and
in about the same time that it requires
one man to his shovel foto tha
ore and jift a pounds and place it
in the average buck ( sixmen work in
eonneetion with th's machine, although several

1 ¢ ge Vessel, It

  

wnachines may be t
has been estimated ' shine with its
«mall foree can untoad a boat in the same time
required by 100 men todo the same work, The
object in wor several machines th each
vessel is togive unusual rapid despatch to large
CaArgoes,

The appearance of s

 

 

 

ich stear

ers as the new

 

 

1.00-loot one launched on la aturday makes
more rapid handling necessary, Durir
erection of the test antomat unto

  

Summer, it was carefully guarded owing to the
lispleasnre which the shovellers manifested
at its erection,

PUSS WITH THE STAR BOURDER,

Husband Made It and the Boarder Fired a
Pistol—Nobody Shot,

The wife of Joseph Schmidt keepsa boarding
house at 83 East Third street. Sometimes her
husband lives with her and sometimes ho lives
at 120 Firat avenue, These times area
when he gets so much disgusted with
his wife's star boarder, John T.

 

| Keller, that he won't stay in the same house

with him. Yesterday was one of Mr, Schmidt's

 

Firat avenue days, He went around to
the boarding house last night to see his
wife and found her. so busy talking with
Keller that she did not have any time
to talk to him. He and Keller knocked
around a lot of the furniture and then
Keller fired three shots with a revolver. The

police were not able to find our whether or not |

he had uaed blank cartridges, but there wera
no boles in Schmidt or anywhere else. Keller
was vrrested and locked up in the Fifth street
station,

DASGEROUSLE NURT,

PROF, UAZUN

The Chief Forecaster of the Weather Bu-
reau Knocked Down by a Bicycle.
Wasninoton, Jan, 22 Prof. Henry A,
Hazen, Chief Forecaster of the United
Weather Bureau, was knocked down a
bieyele rider this evening and reeeived in-
juries which will probably cause his death, tHe

 

} wastakento the Emergency Hospital, where

it was found that hia gkall had been fractured
by the fall tward Wiggins, fi colored man
who rode the wheel, Was arrested,

age

Prof. Hazen is 50 years of He was born

 

jn Sirur, India, is a graluateot Darmouth
College, and was a tutor at Yale for
years. In [341 he entered the Washingt

 

exovutive session

JANUARY 23,

 

HANDWRITING EXPERTS MAY BE
CALLED BY THE PRESBYTERY

 

To Determine Whether the Accused Minis-

4
THE MCLELLAND CHARGES, |

 
   

       

=
— CPB

YALE FRESHUMUN HAVE FUN,

Shower President Hadley and Others With
* Cards and Feathers at a Concert.
New Haven, Conn,, Jan, 22,.—The freshman

class of Yale was in ita glory, 80 far as mischief

 

| WATER-PLUNGE IN A CHASE, |

making and the perpetration of amusing |

pranks Were concorned, at the annual prome-
ter Wrote Anonymous Letters Received | yade concert of the Yale Glee and Banjo clubs
by Mrs. Stevens—Did He Call on aaa | in the Hyperion Theatre to-night, the
Woman While Engaged to Another? | event that Always opens the bigwest week of
college social festivities, There was 4 large
A special meeting of tho Presbytery of | and fashionable audience. To gain tho |
Brooklyn was he!d yesterday afternoon at tho | approval of the upper classmen, the fresh-
Bedford Presi yterian Church to hear tho! men cluss turned out en masse, On the
objections made by the Rev George L. MacClel- | campus and previous to the time of the
land, formerly pastor of the Immanuel Pres- | opening of the first number on the concert
byterian Church of Flatbush, to certain | programme the freshmen formed on the
charges against) him formulated by @/ eainpus, gave thefr class yell, howled for the
Prosecuting Committee of the Presby-| other classes, President Had'ey, members
tery, This committee consists of the Rev. | of the faculty and other Yale personages,
A. H. Moment, present pastor of Immanuel | after which, under the leadership of some of
Church; the Rov, Daniel N, Overton of tho | the members of the class, they marched to the
Green Avenue Church, the Rev, William J. | theatre.

 

Hutchins of the Bedford Church and Elders |
James M, Ham und [ra D, Goddara, aye
charges were read ata meeting of the Pres.

bytery two weeks «go, and yesterday |
was fixed as tho time for hearing Mr, |
MacClelland'a objections, The accused clergy-
man and his wife were present, Virtus |
L. Haines, a lawyer of Brooklyn, was |
presept as adviser to Mr. MacClellaud and
Robert H. Roy was there as counsel to the |

Frosecuting Committee. An unusually larce |
number of Presbyters were in attendance,

When the case was called the point Was made |
that no Witnesses had been cited to appear bes |
fore Presbytery and that Mr, MacCreliaud’s obe
jeetions could not be heard at that meeting,
Before the point could be considered the Rev,
Dr. Foote moved that Presbytery should go into

This motion brought Lawyer Haines to his |
feet ina hurry. He was opposed to any atar- |
chamber proceedings and said: “it has been
stated that the charges against the accused are
true and ean be proved, Maybe thoy can, but
I don’t believeit. The proper thing to do isto
make these charges public. Ifthis man is not
guilty, the whole world should know it and
know it quiekly, It is the sacred duty of this
Presbytery to protect this niinister of God, and
the public has aright to know just what these
whether they are

erious or

eharges are and

trivial, Lobject to an executive session and
hope we Wilinot have one

Dr. Foote replied: “I have no objection to
offer to the vs expressed by the brother,

Lut we owe it to ourselves and to tha Church

of Christ that we do this business by our-

selves, There may be things said here that
Dr. MacClelland would not iike to see in print
We have the right to do this work alone int!

name of God, and we should talk it over in ex-
ecutive session.’

Another brother agreed with Dr, Foote and
tol lof how some semarks made by him at a re-
cent meeting of Presbytery had been ou
ously misquoted. The motion was carried and
everybody not a member of Presbytery wa
cleared out of the church. It was voted, how-
ever, to permit the accused and his wife to ree

 
  

uwe-

 

mah,
The meeting two hours, when an |

adjournment was taken to Feb, 1 Alter the
adjournment tt was learned that th .

lasted

   

 
   
 

  
   

 

harges made by Mr. Mac! ia |

niileand the elerk Was ord }
to issue eitat toadezen or more wWithesses
toappear and eteatumony on Feb. 1. Itwas
also jearned that the eharges ore two in
number, with mans spectiications under each

The accused is charged, 80 THE SUN reporter
via infermed, with = maticions and wills
ful lying and —sowith netting — diseard
and disunion in the echureh of which
he was formerly pastor. It seems that,
Presbytery having been informed that there
was trouble {n Iminanuel Church, appointed a

  

 
 
 

  

committees last May to make an investigation,
The reault of the invectigu'fon was that it was
suggested to Mr. MacCleiian ! that he had bet-
ter resign for the good of the urch. n-

sented to de it, it is said, on the understanding

   

   

that he sh { receive his aa y upet
t. 1, 2s and that he should then re-
e his letter f honorable dist
from the — Brookls Presbytery In
meantime {it was learned thata Congregat
ehureh in Flatbush was think'ng of calung
Mr. Macc} ). Prestytery thought it would
hardly rh Mr. MaeClehand While the
lestiol wl foabout Mr. Mact land's
t vf dismis Was under nsiderution, it
issaid, Mrs. Benjamin fF. Stevens, who, with
her husband, bad tnater ested in build.

uly a
fled with
faeClel and

Presbytery

ing Immanuel Chureh,
\

harges against Mr he

  
 
 

     

which the Kev Lb. Mason Ciarke,
the First) Preabyterian Church
Klyn f Was appointed
goate the rae This committer
that the charges were suffleiontty

warsantthem being taken upby a
mmittee and brought belore
Presbyter r. Mactle id wants totake his

arto the Presbytery Albany, Whether
ts his honorable dismissal or not will de-

 

 

upon what is nally done with the
charges ;

Aniong the specifications upen which the

eharge of wilful and malicious lying is sed

  

 

thetiber ot dhe
told several persons
nore salary than he
ithe hope of getting
ind members

fordinpg to
# accus

are these, ac
byterv: Dhatt
that fe woes
actually reeely that, |
his salary raised, he told ofMicers

   

  

 

 

of his church that) churches elsewhere
had offered him a large salary, when
euch ‘ not the fact; that he
asserted that he had received certain
gifts when hedid not receive them; that) be
wrote an anonymous letter, breatening in char-
verer,to Mrs. Stevens and that he wrote orher

anonymous letters to members of his congres
reflec ing upon Mrs, Stevens's ehara
as @ Christian: and that he eaded upon

 

 

raticy

ter

; neertain young woman Iving in Washington

bureau, of which he became ehiel forecaster in |

Tis

and
theory a

He has written many magazine articles
ja the expounterol a widely acces
to the origin of the Sahara Desert
ARRUSTED AS

HUSBIND {CChEssory,

His Wife Has Undergone an Lilegal Opera-
tion and Will Probably Die,

Elizabeth Klos, 41 years old, of $52 Fighth

avenue, was taken to the New York Hospital

 

  

 

last night suffering from tie effects of
an illegal operation Coroner Zueca
was called to the hospital and from what
she told him, the © Of the West
Twentieth street station arrested her ius.
band. Julius, ona charge being an reoaa.

sory tothe crime, The police are looking for
the midwife who 1s charged with having por.
formed the operation. divs, Klos will probably
die,

Safe Deposit of Her Husband's Revolver,

Mra, Pauline Shoemaker of 250 Avenue A
entered the East Filth stveot station Inst night
and laid a large loade! revolver on the desk in
front of Rergeant Burke. She sald that her
husband had not been well for some time and
that she didnot like the look 10 hiseye. She
thought that it was safor to get bia revoiver out
of hie way until he fet better, The sergeant
promised to keep it for her,

es

avenue, Brooxlyn, and in the opinon of that
young woman paid her tnarked attention
whilehe was actually engaged to another |
young woman in Pennsylvania, who afterward
became his wife,

Among the specifications intended to sup.
port the charge of attempting to disrupt the |
congregation are said to be these: That the
accused wrote a letter in. which he stated that

  

 

the Session of a Presbyterian church wes
the only body having supreme authority
in individual churches; that what the
Session said weot and what the trustees
said didn't. go, if their decrees nu
thhetod with those of the = Session; |
that he preached a sermon on “Presby-

 

terianism,” in which he used such expressong
asthese: “There are rumors of dissensious in
thia church, but Lam. above such trivialities,

 

T would make a good king, because Twas born
torule. Dut it there be dissensions, brethren,
Lama fighter. Inmy veins rans the blootot
the Covenanters, and Til fleht to the finish |
and win,

It issaid that Mra, Stevens fs positive Mr.
Mae( leiland wrote ail the anonymous letters
in question and that, Hf necessary, haud-
writing experts will be ealled before Preshy-
tery to testify as to whether the accused really
wrote the letters ornot. [twas aleao said last |
night that the sung woman in Washington |
avenue i willing to tell the DPreshyters just |

» the aeensed paid her

 

what kind of attenti

DEMAND TO TAKE THE LIQUOR CURE,
Thomas Hughes, Contractor, Twiee an A\p- |
plieant at Bellevue,

A man describing himself as Thomas A,
Hughes, a contractor of U1) West Thirty-sec- |
on! street, Philadelphia, Rellevue |
Hoenital last Priday and said that he wanted to
be treated for aleoholism. He was told that |
the hospital was too fullror him to stay moro
than twenty-four hours, but decided to stay,
He was turned out late on Saturday evening
Yi sterday morning he appeared at the hospital
agnin and once more asked to be taken it
This time he said that he was a resident of this
eity and lived at the Hotel Imperial He gave |

a reference John A. Bense! of Pier A, North |
ltiver

lrove to

 

 

 

It was anid at the Hotel Imperial last night |
that Hughes had not been there and was net

known there, although many inquiries for
him had been reseived, Mr, Bense!, who is an
engineer employed by the Dock Department,
declined to make any statement about Huches, |

Says Pope Controls Our Newspapers.

Aspury Park, N. J, Jan, 22.-The Key. J. I.
Hawkshurst, a@ Methodist preacher of Ocean |
Grove, declared at the preachers’ meet ng of 4
the New Hrunswick distect this morning that |
the newspapers oO thls wiry were cor -}
trolled by the Romana Cathole Church, The
Rev, Mr. Hayter said that Mr. Hawkshurs. was |
right

Vive States in Five Hours,

The “ Royal Limited,” beautiful, awift and eure,
Leaves New York, South Ferry and Foot of Liberty
at. daily, OP. M., arrives Washington # , M, ka-
quisivo Dining and Cafe Car Service, Ades,

  

fs

 

The entrance of the freshmen was the signal |

fora demonstration, Some years agwothe lusty
Juug music of the hearty youths of the fresh-
men class of that time was continued through-
out the evening in a manner deafening enough
to tury the efforta on the part of the col-
}ege musical organizations on the stage, thus
breaking up the concert. ‘This shocked the
upper ciaasmen, Who made the  mischief-
makers unpopular during (he rest of thelr col-

 

 

 

lew: course lo atd to thetr troubles the
facuity punished them by refusing to allow
the elass to have a beseball nine or a Orew
Since then no kindred demonstiation bas
taken piace

When ali tiie guests who re present to-
night were seated the eshmen from
their pereh aott showered yy othem:= = thou.
snndeo!f cards bearing their ciass Humerals and

5 general axcaitence of
“rs, So graat were the

dvertising scheme was

a forth brietfiv tur
relass above allc
nonbers in which this

   

 

 

used that the aisies were jittered, waile the
footiights were pilad up with the jiterature,
Streamers of Yale blue cioth, handkerehtefs
add trifles. of all deseriptions followed. the
carts The feather contents of a
soa phiow smuggled into the theatre, were
recipitated on the orchestra row, President
fadiey reeeiving the full beneilt of it in good

bumor,

SUICIDE ENDED THIS ROMANCES,

She Heard
Another,

Amelia Took Poison When
Boniface Was Going to Wed

Iskau, Who came from

Ametia Senig Russina
goto marry Bontlace ¢
with her pocture, committed
her sister's house, 45',

Was oS

 

year untalsky after he

ad fatlen in iove
suicide yesterday at
Montrose avenue, Willl
her native land held a place

the fall of

 

imsburg., She
years old and ip

unter a Government official, In

    

Thom Commisky boarded with her sister, Mrs,
Papsky,and he took a great liking to Mise
Senigelska’s picture. Mrs, Papsky wrote to
} meto Ameriea, M Nenigelska ar-

January. Coma ked her to

    

amg
tuorry bim right away, The woman refused
ind told Commisky she wanted to iearn more
about him,
Commisky vainly

besought the woman to

 

  

alter her opinion and become his wife, A
month ago be was introduced to another
wornan Who Was willing to marry him, ‘The
wedbling will take place next Sunday, Miss
entaelska beard of it om Saturday night.
When Mrs. Papsky got up yesterday at day-
break she found her sister dead in bed. In her

hand was a bottle containing strychnine,

VACANT LOT,

 

UNCONSCIOUS IN A

 

 

| of the

Note tin Acid Takers Pocket Asks That His

Debts be Paid and He be Buried Right."’

Vrederick Uiingsworth, about 30 years old,

was found unconscious in a vacant lot adjoin-
ing 157 West 103) streat last night bya maa
mat 1 George Myer. There was a strong smell

 

iil about the body and Myer infer-
he man had tried tocomm't suicide,

of carbolic
ring that

    

 

called a police n,who sent Illingsworth in an
ambulance to Roosevelt Hospital, The surgeons
t the hospital sald he could not recover
In bis pockets were found a number of
papers, among them a note addre it
bert Med rnold: “Lf r mot!
am dead \ hee
ie . “Please pay
rier to see [To oaum
Were three pawn ¢ Lats

 

red card bearing thes

they had reason to believe
Was a poo!'r n, but of
wW where ic was

The police 1
thatthe sparta Clubs
course they didn’t kn
THE

WARSHIPS Ad ISTUMUEUS,

The Gunboat Scorpion Reports All Well
With the Canal Commission,

Special Coble DespatcéA to THE SUN,
Coron, ¢ mbia, Jan. 22,-The United
States gunboat Seorpion, which brought the

   
  

yw) raission to the Isthmus of Panama,

  

Canal t

hasarrived here, She reports all well, The
British warships Warspite and Phaeton are at
Panama ear Admiral Beaune Com-

mander-in-Chief of the British Pavifle station,
and the members of his staffare visiting Colon,
They will return to Panama toemorrow and
the Warspite and Phaeton will then start for
Callao,

LONDON'S WATER

Adverse Comment Upon the Plan Reported

SUPPLY,

 

 

by the Commission.
Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sux,
Lospon, Jan, 22.—The report ofthe Londen

 

 

Water Commission in favor of the London
County Counc.i’s having control of the water
supply is ndemnedy on the ground that
the Metropolitan Counties insist upon being

altogether severed from London, as to
both the supply and the distribution
of the water if London purchases the
water companies. This would necessitate
a severance and division of the works
for supply and distribution into five dis-

tinct portions, which plan appears open to so
much objection as to be practically inadmiss-

) ible

 

DUKE OF TECK DIED OF PIRALYSIS,

The End Was Sudden and No Member of
Hlis Family Was Present,
Specal Cable Despatch to THR SUN
Lowxpon, Jan. 22.—The direet cause of the
Duke of Teck's death was paralysis, Although
he had been ill for twelve months his death
was sudden and no memberol his family was

present.

JOUN RUSKIN'S FUNERAL,

A Movement to Have His Body Buried in
Westminster Abbey,
Special Cable Despatch Tur Sun

LonpDOoN, Jan, 22. After the funeral services
inthe Coniston Church on Thursday the re-
mains of John Raskin, whodled on Saturday
last, will be interred in the churehyard there

Notwithstanding the announcement that the
body will be buried in the churchyard at Conis-
ton, thore is & movement afoot, in which influ-
ential men are taking part,to have the inter-
ment in Westminster Abbey,

 

Seized German Hark Released,
Special Cable Despatch to Tue SUN,
Duunan, Natal, Jan, 22.—-The German bark
Marie, which was seized by a British erniser
near [nvak Island a few days ago, hus been un-
conditionally released

Miners on Strike in Bohemia,
Spreial Cable Despatch to Tue Sow
Vienna, Jan. 22.—The strike of the ool!
fa general throughout northern Bohemian and
72,000 men are out

rs

 

Influenza Caused R, D, Blackmore's Denth,
Tuz Sc

ilinesa from whieh
was in-

peetal Cable Des, a'ch t
Loxpon, Jan, 22.—The
nh. PD. Blackmore, the vovesist, died

Nuenz%,

Deerfoot Fatm Sausages,

There is nothing more appetizing and deliyhtful |

fora winter's breakfast, Try a two pound packigt
—dAdy

|

 

NARROW ESCAPES IN A HUNT OF
TAP PEEP RUN CLUR

Several Members Land in a Swollen Creek

and Their Mounts Go Under Water— Mra,

Allan Potts, Sister of Amelie Rives,

One of the Riders, Drenched in This Way,

 

Ricnmonp, Va., Jan, 22,—Several members |

of the Deep Run Hunt Club had narrow
escapes from being drowned on Saturday af-
ternoon during an exciting chase, The club
has on its membership a large number
of the leading society people of Virginia,
and has a wide reputation for Virginia hospl-
tality. Many of the most beautiful women in
the South are frequently
the drags, The meet was at Chantilly,
a famous and historie eountry seat,
on Saturday afternoon, aud there were
about thirty members out Among those who
followed the pack and the masier of hounds,
H.C. Beattie, were Andrew Christian, a lead-
ing elubman; Thomas N, Carter, a
man Who i8 a fine horseman, and Mr-,
Potts, sister of the Pilnce Troubetshol, who
is conceded to be the flnest horsewomen in
Virginia. She beautilul and is devoted
to outdoor sport

is Very

 

      

   

  

 

    

 

   

 

Mrs, Potts was a pietu ite figure in the
ehus: on Saturday, ohe rode a thoroughbeed
mare, and was away upin the lead dusiug mot
of the chase The course led througiva pict
ure le country Soveral or is to be
crossed, Thase bad n inuch swollen
the roeent rat Among thes. is the D
Kun, which was very deep by reason ot the
freshet
Piomus uit yi at
tried to vross nm yes the
ford, Master ot $< eattic saw
ter Wua ln a ia if
tw CuIMne , ( ‘ pt
the = stream, t Wis a
ot frigtt ft eel oles
taneously { } fisiahy j
irom v W Was seeveris nds t th
came to the surlia uring that Ctineth
was great unaasiness, ane proparvis a were
made to rescue the vide Wh he hor wd
rider appeared on the surface there was eh
! rom all sides, \tfer a seramb uv
rrer made bis ¢ pe

e below that pomt Mes. Androw

Was trying to eros: th swolen
She hal a very narrow escape

out nis ter having been

ly drenched ‘ t

iy iV subi raged M Le le
the wughter of William and
sister of tie vutiioress, Al ima
ntv avery deep partot tha le
the rte follow the } not
hot the depth of ti i“
struggl pg in the water ae
Lefora she realiacd her er §

  

noted for her personal cour

 

 

excitement, It was some ie befor
coud escape from her jungerons
sition she was thoroughly drene
and, having esc { trom a very
dangerous position, Was amiling wheu she got

very member of
ross the stream

arely escaped being

onthe bank of the stream, 1
the club who attempted t¢
was drenched, ani several |
drowned,

  

 

BOSTON'S LEASING TOWER,

 

Church Steeple on Columbus Avenue Found
to Be Pourteen Inches Out of Plamb,

 

Boston, Jan. 22.—Boston has a “leaning
tower.” Ithas been found that the tall steeple
Second Universalist Chureh on Colum-
avenue is fourteen inches out of plumb
Experts from the Building Comuntssioner's
office are keeping a fwatch on ft,
though no fear is entertained at present as to
its toppling over, Intime the steeple will have
to be righted ortorn down, Tl

bus

* noticeable in-

 

  
 
 
  

 

 

 

     

clination attraets the attention of many per-

sons daily as they pass up the avenue The

siteon which theehureh stands is made land

and when the four in the

late (0s i ‘

WV of Poston were

how Phe fi

ata depth the

to hold the gz

ur Ie = e sbe na

5 hi ‘ lit ) ninch

the four hit aequ f this the

apex ot the spire leans about fourteen inches

OMMIssh ner nh @XCAVA.
y mate on Columbus avenue

k, New Haven ind
to carry its tracks into
rminal, bad the tower |
ported that a decide

settioment had taken place, mostly

on the northeastern part that is n the

arest

 

  

hoston and Albany tracks, The tower is about
22 teet square, and is strongly buttressed oute
side of th rners, The square part is about

O8 inches thick,

y ledge stone,

 

SO feet high, with walls 24
and is built entirely of Roxbur

 

“HAKRY, COut HOME”

The Message Tacked on Port Lee Trees for |

iarry De Grant,
Mra. Elizabeth P. De Graal of 148 West 131 st
street sent word to the police Jast night that
she wanted assistance in searching forherson,
Harry P, De Graaf, 17 years old, who left home

on Saturday after she had had oceasion to speak |
The boy's grandmother, who |

sharply to him
lives in agity up the State and is wealthy, hal
prov that he should be her heir His
mother is anxious to have him come home at
mee, She toldthe police that he had friends
in kort Lae,

His brother Lee De Graal, who thinks that
Harry taay bet the woods near kort
Lev, Went overt and tacked on

ised

bw in
‘re yesterday

  
  

Inany of the trees ‘os of paper with these
words printed o ein in janice letters;
“Harry,come home, Lee,”

The Bark salina Thought to Be Lost.

Patnaperpmia, Jan, 22.-The British bark

 

Salina, whieh left this port on Dee. 5 witha
eargo of coul for Cienfuegos, has not arrived

 

at her destination and has not been spoker
It is feared that she is lost. She is registered
at 23 tons net, 140 feat in length, 30.1 feet
in width. She was built in TNs) in Fatons-
ville, N.S. and is owned by Mehay & Dix, New
York. Her eraw consisted of ten men, under
Capt. Hilgrove. Hosprevious ship, which be
longed to the same owners, Was the Iodine,
which Was lost several months ago on the
evast while on her way to thla port from
Ivigtut witha cargo of Kryolite, Two ofthe
crew went down with her,

The Rev. Dr. Boardman Ulin Ugypt.

PuHIraren.Para, Jan. 22.--Word has been re-
ceived hero that the Kev. Dr, George Dana
Boardman, for re than thirty years pastor
of the First Baptist Church in this city and one
of the st known Baptist preachers in the
United States, 16 seriously ill in Cairo, Fey
aud that itis possible he may dic there

is the author of many pamphicts, atdresses

 

and Jeetures Ob patriotic and religious sub. |
jects, His lectures on the “Ten Commani-
ments,” delivered at the Untversity ot Penn.

sylvania are widely read,

A Kentucky Election Contest Settled,

Fraxkront, Ky., Jan. 22.—The House to-day

 

  
 
 

    

took up the first of vighteen tests and

unanimous!y adopted the report of the Cont

Committee seating A. P. Crawford, Demoerat,
jsreathitt inty, Whose seat was contested

by Ft Marcum, Kepubsiean. The Kepat

mei of the committ ed the por

It ist ved that only one lopublican me

tor Will be unseated and possibiy two Lepul

mm hepresentatives

Vreached by Talking Machine,
Cuicaco, Jan, 22.~Two talking
weoupnled the pulpit at the Zion

yesterday afternoon, and

John Alexander Dowle, while resti
Lake, Mich., conducted services in Chicag
His voiee could be heard ali over the aud tore

Tabernacl+

through them |)

 

   

  

 

ium. He not only preached to the congrega-
tion, but announced hymns and gave out regis

lar notices

True Yream of a Neighbor's Death,
ow T

Sr. Josep, Mioh,, Jan, 22 hn
of 113 Front street, dreamed that ©. A
aneighbor, had died suddeuly. At t

he told the dream to his parents, Sc
ward & messeuger called at th» Morriso:
dence end informed the family that My. lL. ev
was dead,

Morris

Re

Five fast trains a day to Chicago via the Penmey!

vania Railroad: oa,
fort—dde, vm; all models of safety, speed and cx

ven participating in |

society |
‘Ilan |

ale |

macii 3 |

wat White |

 

 

ANOTHER PROVINOEN CLEARED,

Filipino Opposition im Cavite About Over
~Schwan Occuptes Santa Crus,
Special Cable Despa'ch to Tar Sun.

Mania, Jan. 23.—Gen, Sehwan occupied
Ranta Cruz, on the south shoro of Laguna de
Buy, yesterday. Tho opposition of the
rebels ‘s now practically ended in Cav-
ite and in part of Patangas Prov-
ince, Tho = iusurgents scattered
southenstward in the Tayabas Mountains.
| Garrisonsat Santa Cruz, Calamba, Batangas
| anc » will insure Open roads and prevent
| the operations of bandita,

| are

 

ALASKA STRAMER

OVERDUPF,

| Nothing Heard of the City of Seattle, With |

Sixty Passengers and a Pull Cargo.

   

Jan —Anxiety is felt for
| the aafety ol the sieamer City of Seattle now
| more than s!x days overdue from Skagway.
She sailed on Jan.) with sixty passengers and
a full cargo, and nothing has been heard from
her since.
}houne of Alaskan
} qui kh trips,

| Srarrie, Wash

   
 

waters, always

 

| MAJOW TALLANDE MURDERED,
The American Chiefof Police inthe Rey aiite
| of Guatemala Killed,

 

    

    

 

 

 

 

 

| New Onneans, La, Jan, 22.--1t ia reported
by passengers from Duerto Darrios that
Major Lullaude, Chief of Poliee of Gugites
mala, Was tuurdered in @ small min-
ing village north of Guatemala some
duys ago, Maj Tall is an Amert-
ean from Mich who has comnpieto
re of the patter ¢ bic. He has
Ber Sk e order and
breaking up bands ol br isandhastherevy

rreatiy ineenaed the dangerous and troub
SO. weoment W Week u h Cumie to
Sew Orieats! tnediek eatinent, to hav a
buiiet remoy whieh he tad recetved from
hie bands tive desperado, The bullet

iS rt Wwod by the u tthe \-ray,

Lalinnde wis in New Orleans y some tine
med hie he et es COhspired aga
him. Accor to the story, Lalande was
Fent to the mining camp with orders to arrest
ahalthread. Ashe appronched the house the
hail itreiatbim aad killed Lathinde at

 

the hot,

Hits MASONTO PIN SENT HOWE,

Note Aecom: anying Ti Said That the Owner,
a Texas Merchant, Had Been Murdered,

Dauras, Tex., Jan, 22 —-The town Caddo

  

 

   

Mills, about forty miles northeast of Dallas, is
e d overthe mysterious disappearance of
hk. H. stewart, the best known merehant of the
plnce, Mr. Stewart left home on Jan, 15, say-
ing he was going to Dallas to purchase a stock
ofspring @ «#, Nothing hus been heard from
him ence ot Caddo Milsor Dalins, A letter
wae received at Caddo Mills by W Drake to-
dav, The letter was addressed " Walter
Drake.” and said

“We have ki led him and got his money. He
fought.us hard and had we known he belonged
| tothe Ma
it iife. He is buried and no ono willevet know
|} Where,
| Stewart's Masonic pin
j ter with Woodmen of the World receipts, of
|} whieh order he was also a member tn good
| atanding. A jegfation of el@ht men froin
Caddo Mills came to Jullas to-night to try to
solve the mystery,

 

 

GIRE’S SHORTEN! D BACK THAI,

She Doesn't Know How it Was Cur and
Asks the Police to Pind Out,

Constance Breckner, 17 years old,
home is at 124 West 115th street, discovered
on Sunday morning that about ten inches of
her back hair, whieh ina long
braid, had been cut off without her knowledge
The as not the slightest idea how this was
don She went out late on Saturday night
to the buteher’s, but had no reason to believe

she wore

that her hair had been cut during that time
Now she thinks it must have been cut off
then, At the instanee of her friends she
made mplaint to the police yesterday
and. detectives were sent out from both
the West 125th street and East 120th street
stations to look for a man with shears who
goes around cutting off the back hair of little

 

gras ple in the n¢ighborhood of Constance
bieckners home were much excited about
her lost hair yesterday,

SOUTITERN

EXPANSION TALK,

Robert Binghom'’s Declaration for
Keeping the Philippines Cheered,

Rarrron, N,C., Jan, 22.—Col, Robert Bing-

Col,

   
 

ham ot the Bingham Sehool, one of the fore-

most edueators in the South, spoke here

to-day on the subject of expan-

stor The auditorium at the Agricultural

and Mechanical College was filled with
; students and citizens, Col. Bingham's
) subject was "Our , Present and buture

 

When the speaker declared that we had placed
our foot apon the Philippines and would never
take itotl he wasapplauced (or several minutes,

Co singham deciared that the Auglo-Saxon
race is predestined to govern the earth, and he
reeited historical faeta to maintain his position,
Phe eonstruetion of the Niearauga Canal and
expansion, he sald, are the two wreatest: bless-
jugs (hat could come to the Sout

 

 

  

| DYNAMITE UNDER A CHURCH,

Foundation Blown Out and the Congrega-
tion Sent Into a Panic,

|
| InprIaNarorts, Jan, 22,—During the services
atSand Ridge Methodist Church in Daviess
county last night some one threw dynamite
| under the floor where it exploded with tremens
| dous causing the frame building to
| totter and rais.og the floor several inches, The
} pulpit. was thrown forward upon the floor, The
'ohurch was crowded with farmers and their
families,
} When

 

  
 

force,

the explosion occurred thera was a
rush tothe door In the excitement seve
women and children were thrown

' trampled. It was found that part of the founda.
tion Was blown out and the church was almost

} without support on one aide

 

THOMAS AFTER BADGER WOMEN,

 

Every Tenderloin Cop Who Gathers One in
to Have a Day Off.

| Police Captain Thomas of the Tenderloin
| station notifled his men at roliecall last night
that ho wanted every badger woman in the
| Tenderloin arrested next week, He did not
| take to tell the men how to dis-
lish between badger women. and
dinary atreet walkers, Kut promised a day off
toevery man who brought {na badger woman
Five wornen who sald by the men who
nh to be badger women w

right, They were about

id
elv dressed an! most be-

 
 

nn

1 tty

 

 

were

  

the most ex;ens

 

   

 

 

She has been regarded as the greys |
making

   
 
 

 

 

| While Col

it lodge we would have spared tls |

Wis sent with the let- |

whose |

} vania Railroad

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

a ae

I BRYAN IN CROKER'S CAMP,

 

BRINGS A BARREL
4arTrRro aA

OF ol
BARREL OV

AND I
SUGAR,

Oil Already Needed at Mr. Croker’s Clab

 

Where There Is a Puss Over Keller's
Thirteen Dinner-Bryan Says at Bel-
mont's That He's Ready to Vield the
Leadership if Harmony Requires It.

Co), William Jonnings Bryan, who has come
to town from Washington to look over the

} Political situation, discover how the expenses

of the Demoveratic campaign ean be met and
find out some way to harmonize the Democratioa
factions in New York State, anuouneed his
intention in the tine of harmony before he
got. the slecning car “Emir” in the Pennsyle
station in Jeraey City yesterday

 

morning. He was asleep when the train rolled
into the passenger yard, andthe Hon. Jimmie
Oliver, Sergeant-at- 3s of the Demoeratie

 

Nationa! Committees, who was the only, Demoe
erat fo meet the Colonel, hid to wait half ana
hour before he could seo him

Col. Bryan looked strong and well, He te
somowhat stouter than he was last April wheg
he came on tothe Dollar Dinner, and he bustled

around as though he was fullof vigor and Ife.
Bryan was dressing he wae intere

viewed, Bemelody asked hin if it was true
thathe had come to Now York to bring the
fa tions together

‘Lalwoys earry a harrel of off with mo," rae
pled Col Bryan, “snd Duse it whenever {¢ Ie
neeossary, It isn’t of the Standard variety,
how p,"

foen Col, Bryan was told that the Hoa. Bob
Das Jersey City, Domoeratic boss of tho
community where Col, Bryan is to spoak on
Wednesday evening, had expressed a desire
that froo si!ver be ignored in any speeeh made
In the state

“You can say to Mr, Davis that I intend te

1

Cisonss all of the three living isoues in all of

 

   

my * sail Mr. Bryan. “I shall talk
about trusts aul imperialiso and free eilver.
T have got pretty tired of having one particu.
ur topic suggested to me by a person who
ihe hear it talked of more than any other,

|
Let every one arrange them in order of tm.
porte hesees fit, Twon't arrange them
f

 

remark was duly reported to Mr, Davis,
Who immediately announced that he would do
his best to make Col. Bryan's reception ta
Jersey City a big success, but that free silver

 

wasn't popu there

After the Colonel had made these remarks,
Mr. Oliver put him into a cab, the driver of
Which picked up the Nebraskan’s dress sult
Case and tr ng bag, and the party went at
once tothe Hoffman House over the Twenty
third street ferry. Rooms had been engaged
for Col. Bryan on the Twenty-fifth street side,
fifth floor, He weut to his room for a few
momenta, an] then to the eafé, where he had
breakfast, Col, bryan sat with ex-Gov, James
8. Hogg of Texas, Dr. John WH, Girdner and

Mr. Oliver, at one of the small tables in the
southwest corner ofthe room, The Hon, Nore
man bk, Mack of Buffalo was sitting ata table

 

near by, and he drew his chair up next to Col,
Bryan, and talked with him through the meal

After treakfust Col Bryan went back to his
room, Where he receivedthe Ho , Litiot Dan-
forth, Chatrman of the Democratie State xe
ecutive ( who n

 

yminittee, alntains a small

Vices Presidential boom The Demoecratis
leader and Mr. Danforth \ setod f haf
an hourand Mr, Danforth was smiling whoo

Then the Hon,

prietor of @

he came away from the room,
0. H. P. Belmont, himself the pri

 

Vie -Lresidential boom, with an alternate eye
on the Courtof St. Janres’s, had along talk with
the Colonel. Mr, Belmont was smiling when
he left the room. By this time quite a number
of Democratic statesm f various dogress of
importance had congrevate! in the reception
room. When Col, Bryan dismissed Mr. DBel-
mont he saw that his quarters were getting
' uneomfortably crowded, So he stepped out

1 Mr, Du

down and |

ewo.led women who have been seen on Broad-
vay and Sixth avenue in the last month
| JOHN So QUINLAN RESIGNS,
}
Qaite the Office of Inspector of Iminigra-
tlon to Go Into Business,

John J, Quinlan, Supervising Inspector of |
Immigray t this port and Chief of t! |
Contract Lal Irenu, bas resigned The |

e paid h 310 a day and mileaze. He
{jast ev gthat h resignat
that he was going int

ven requeaied but

New Coiton Mill Opened in Raleigh, N.C,

WILMINGTON,
new eotton factory,
‘ity, began operations to-day with a capacity
for 25.0000 gards of finiahed eloth a day. The
indi now has 1,500 spindles, and gives cinploy.
ment to 260 operatives, A stockhulder sail
to-day that by June capacity
vould be doubled,

Worth $250,000, in thie

 

the present 4

| brench Order for American Locomotives,
| PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 22.~An order for thirty
| Jarwe ten-wheeled passenger locomotives has
received by the Baldwin Locomotive

 

bean
Works from the Paris and Orleans Railway of
'}ronee, This te the first order for locom
p need by this company withan American firm.

 

Chief Croker's Wife Very Ul.

Edward F, Croker, the wife of Chief
Croker of the Tire Department, waa reported
ast Right to be dangerously ill with pneu.

| monia, ’

Mrs

| The peeteotiog of railroad travel is found on the
Pennsylvania Limited, others may imitate; none
can equal.—Adw ’

nhadt rt |

N.C, Jan, 22.—The Delgoa, a | ;
|
|

witheverybody, As he shook
hands he some pleasant remark and
skilfully guide!’ the handshaker toward the
door, 80 that almost be these statesmen
knew it,they had been ushered into the corridor
and were on the way toward the elevator, Col,
Bryan got ridof his visiiors with neatness and
despatch, and most of them didn't realize
exactly what had happened until they got down
tothe ground floor,

Having d sposed of these persons, Col, Bryaa
went to luncheon, being the guest of the Hon,

John W.Cox. There were present the Hon,
George Fred Willitms of Massachusetts, the
Hon. Norman ko Mack of Erie county, and Dr,
Gairdner, Mr Wiliams has been suspected of
having Viee-lres, jontlal aspirations,

Just before the juncheon began ex-Cone
gressmiandohn Lt. Dunn of Elizabeth, N. J.
appeared in the reception room, Mr, Duna
said that he had come to invite Col, Bryan to

and shook hands

nade

 

re

  
   

Euizabeth, but that be had no authortty to do
80, therefore he requested that he be regarded
as travi ig w. Col. Bryan asked hit as @
great pe nal favorto take charge of the ree

t yu during the luncheon hour, which

nn promised todo. He at once prose
sd himeelfthe housekeoper, and stayed
. bryan got back. Then he said “Well,

ception ro

claim
until Ce

 

  
 

Imust go,’ and dashed out in the corridor,
He returned in about thirty seconds, and
stayed avother half hour, Mr. Jann made
two mor vetual attempts lo get away, and
finally succecded in reaching the elevator aa

hour after his orginal good-by

When Col. Bryan returned fromthe luncheos
he was asked if he would explain the difference
between Expansion, in which he belleves, and
Imperiausm, Which he condemns, Hero is bis
explanation

“Expansion can only be applied, I think, ta
an extension of the limits of a republic, withe
out any change in its characteg, - Bor instance,
the purebase of the Louisiane, territory in-
creased the a of this natty Bod the
country has ysettled and divided np into
Stites, the ef ns of which have equal rights
and privileges with the eftizens of all the other
States. Webster defines an empire to be @
yn Which embraces @ vartery in race and
diversity in government, and as an imperial
poliey isthe: y of an_empire it embracag
the idea now promulgated by the Kepublicans,

 

 

    

 

 

 

  
  

 

that this nation should reach out and draw
oth ations under the flag by force and then
gove them as subjeets. My contention is
that the Renublie can have no subjects, and
eannot afford to bring in those who are pot to
share in fuil the deatiny ofthe Arm in pepe,
Kuch proposed annexation must settiedon
tseown merits, and we must consider whether

pletot fesire to me in,

 

e annexed

hether we m to come In

 

     

   

     
 

   

  

  

 

sdonota
thatan
people desire to havet
yor@d, and still fay
nediate annou
to wiv leper
sameterns a8 wel
the Cut that {8, a8 8
! heey ost hed
il} belie that t
mas an
nh ul the esta a
atu Y 1th te is¥ mnte
ter hert hat this nant should
ai tot h ( ri t the rey
protection tha ' wis the Central
and ; & rprotece
t wh ! preve vestation from
vi hout
( iy n cht that tha
Voter ) to the Nee
pub iean § ity of bring.
ingtiool Dd pirty he
a ithatt? ta advocate
r it} rm adopted
in ©} ind thst
ve i y id anti-im-
perinll pianks to bring @ Vast maj rity rf
the Amerions ope t t upport lie ree
fused t tisonas the numeéroua Vice-bresi-
fentiaieandidates who Lave come forward dire

alsosaid that

inw the past ft
cal situation

really he knew
in New York city

 

 

   
  

ly thi-t ‘clock, andthe
first Tammany | him arrived,
Phey were the Lon. John . Carroll andthe
Hon, fohn W. Keller. They saw the Colonel tn
his bedroom hey uid they sims ame to
shake bands with him ane ‘come bim to the

 

ity. Their vieit was avery sho ne. After
them came Coroner Zucea and twoother meme
vers of the Exeentive Committee of the Greater
New York Italians \inerican Democratic Unton,
They saidthatthers were r én thouaan
voters of Italian birth or ext ion in
York city, and that UU per cent.of them were

     

ee

SSS

Coane eee.