MOLINEUX’S OWN EVIDENCE
AS GIVEN A . TNE VQ ST OFFERED
BY THE PROSECUTION,

 

His Counsel Protest That He Was Examined
Against Their Objection and Under Threat
of Arrest for Contempt~ Question Not
Settled More Testimony About Barnet.

Yesterday's sessions of the trial of Roland Lb.
Molineux for the murder of Mra. Katherine J,
Adams closed with the question pending
whether or not the testimony that the defend-
antgave on Feb, 10 last, when he was 4 witness
before the Coroner's jury, should be read to
this jury, Mr. Osborne, the Assistant District
Attorney, asserted that it was his right to read
this testimony. and when he made the asser-
tion he said that as soon aa he got that record
in, the case of the prosecution would be closed,
Molineux's counse!, Bartow 8, Weeks, protest-
eo against the reading of this evidence of Moli-
peux on the ground that at the time that he
gave it he was practically accused of the crime
for which he is now belng tried, and that he
had not been warned as to his rights as an ac-
cused person, but, on the contrary, had been
threatened with commitment to jail if he re-
fused to go on the stand and testify.

The Recorder declared that if Molineux was
actually accused of the murder uf Mrs. Adams
at the time he testified, and was not warned as
to his rights, it was clearly fllegal for the testt-
mony to be read to the jury at thistime. If, on
the contrury, he was not actually accused at
that time, it was permissible to putin his tes-

timony.

The District Attorney showed that the war-
rant for Molineux’s arrest, which was issued
by Coroner Hart, was not issued until Feb. 27,
Wx00, Lawyer Weeks asserted that this made
no difference, and he recalled-to the Recorder
the scenes at the inquest on Feb, 10, preceding
Molineux'’s appearance on the stand. All the
day before and that day Harry Cornish had
been on the stand, and had been bull-
dozed, threatened, and, figuratively speak-
{ng, jumped upon by the District Attorney,
who conducted the examination, He had been
practically accused of the crime, Molineux
had attonded the inquest atthe request of his
counse), When {It came his turn to go on
the stand, bis counsel tried to be heard and
was violontly assuiled by the District Attorney,
who declared that he would have him sent
to jail for contempt of court ff he dared
to say a word, When the counsel advised
Molineux, under the circumstances, not
to testify, the District Attorney directed
the Coroner either to forces him to
testify or to send him to jail for contempt of

court. The Coroner upon that issued a formal

ubpepna commanding Molineux fo testify, and
ve went upon the stand and submitted tothe
examination of Mr. Osborne, Coroner Hart
was on the stand yesterday, and Mr. Weeks
was about examining him on these facts when
court adjourned for the day, Probably this
morning there will be long argument on both
wides as to the admissibility of the testimony
that Molineux gave. The District Attorney is

varticularly anxious to wct in this testimony,
Pocauee he asserts that several of Molineux's
statementa then made have been disproved
the most notable one being a practical denial
that he had ever used the three crescent paper,
On this trial his counsel has conceded that he
did use that paneron at least one occasion,

Yesterday's sessions of the trial were taken
up a'moat entirely with the testimony of medi-
cal men rewarding the death of Henry C, Bar-
net and there was very little sald about tho
murder ot Mrs, Adams, of which Molineux is
accused, Henry VP. Loomis, the pathologist
who performed the autopsy on Barnet's body

n Greenwood Cemetery, testified that he hac
eo unable at the autopsy to discover any
cause of death, and thea a hypothetical ques-
tion was put to him omhoog the circum-
stances of Barnet’s illness and his death and
embracing an assertion that Barnet had taken
cyanide of mercury. Replying to this ques-

on, the doctor said that in his opinion

rnet died of cyanide of mereury poison, On
is cross-examination Dr, Loomis said that he
ad never seen @ case of poisoning by eyanide
of mercury. His cross-examination lasted
nearly an hour, Dr. Allen MeLane Hamilton
formulating most of the questions that were
put by Mr. Weeks, Some ofthem Dr. Loomis
was unable toanswer with any degree of ac-
enracy, but he stuck to his opinion that Bar-
net’a death was due to cyanide of mercury and
vot diphtheria as was stated by Dr. Beaman
Douglass, who attended him, in the death cer-
tifleate.

Dr. A. Campbell White of the Board of Health
testified that he hadseen more thantwo thou-
sand ‘cases of diphtheria, and had pepsonally
attended more than fifteen hundred cases, /
hypothetical question, fearfully and wonder-
fully made, was put to him, and he gave the
same response as Dr, Loomis had given, At
the afternoon session the first witness was Dr,

rank Ferguson, Dr, Ferguson was in a very
ovial mood. He said he had been a patholo-

ist since 1X80; he had examined the organs of

Sirs, Adama and in regard tothe stomach he
said that he had concluded that her death was
caused by a corrosive poison, He gave the
same reply tothe hypothetical question that
had been given by the otherdoctors, On crosa-
examination he was asked If he found any evi-
dence of death from asphyxiation, He replied
emphatically that he had not.

Q. What is the cause of death in cyanie pol-
poping? A. Why death,

Death comes by asphyxiation in cases of
eyanic poisoning and this question was asked
of Dr. Ferguson no lesa than fifteen times.
The doctor fenced off the question, sometimes
in grandiloguent. style, more often very
jovially, It was impossible to get a direct
answer from him, and then he was asked
whether he based his answer tothe hypotheti-
cal question on the facts in the question or on
Jnformation that he had received outside of the
question, He replied placid'y that he based
his answer both on information and on the
facts recited.

“T move, your Honor, then, that the answor
be stricken from the record,” said Mr, Weeks.

“Motion is granted,” said the Reeorder,

On his redirect, examination the question
was asked of Dr. Ferguson again, and he said
that he based his anawer on the question only,
and that it was his opinion that Barnet died of
eyanide of mereury poison. On recross-exam-
{nation, in reply to one question about his
treatment of diphtheria cases before the Kleb-
Loeffler bacil!us was discovered, and before he
could positively determine that the disease he
was treating was iplitheria, the doctor re-
marked: “Oh, it's possible that my patients
might have got along better if I hadn't treated
them at all.”

“We will coneede that,” said Mr. Weeks, “if
you desire usto. And now let me ask you, are
you connected with the pathological institute
of which Dr. Witthaus ia a member?”

“Connected with it?” demanded Dr, Ferguson,
“why, I own it.”

“Oh, you own it. Well, we understood Dr.
Witthaus to say that it was a stock company.”

“Well said Dr, Ferguson, rubbing his chin,
“if that's the case then Lown the stock.”

Q. What do voucall ity. A. The Institute of
Chemistry, Pathology and Bacteriology,

«) And the purpose of that institution is to
urnish testimony for courts? A. (With a
augh), Not so inuch to give testimony in
courts as to find faet., Vv. Weeks.

Q. For pay \. Well, | haven't had any money
since | opened it.

The Recorder—I think we have gone far
enough in thisline, Mr, Weeks.

Mathias M. Dodd, who isemploved by Tiffany
& Co, testified that Molineux had an aecount
at Tiffany's in PRs,

Dr. F. Styles Potter, who was ealled into the
consultation by Dr. Hitcheock the day Mra.
Adams took the dose of poison that caused her
death, testifled that in his opinion at the time,
Mrs. Adams's death was due to cyanide of
potassium polsonand Mr. Osborne put a hypo-
thetical question tohim regarding the Bariet
case. He agreed with the other doctors that,
if the facts v » as stated, Barnet died of cya.
nide of mercury. On cross-exumination, Mr
Weeks brought out the fact that the day
Mra, Adams died he was atthe house for half
an hour: that Cornish was there at that time,
und he did not notice that Cornish was illin
any way. He didnot see him retch or show
avy signs that would indicate that he had taken

 

   

poison.

QQ), Was there anything said while you were at
the house regarding the Distriet Attorney? A,
Mrs, Rogers stated that District, Attorney
Melntyre wasa particular friend of hers and
she wished to put the case in his hands

Q. Was there anything said about, delaying
the potice to the Coroner? A. Yes. Mra.
Rogers sald that she did not want the matter
to get into the papers; that shedid not desire
any publicity in the matter,

Q, Andshe wished to see District Attorney
MelIniyre. A. Yes

. And did she say to Cornish she wanted
to keep this quiet, and thathe knew the reason
why? A. Yes, she sald that,

Q. Did you hear Mr. Howe say anything
that morning? A. I don't remember,

Q). Didn't you testify at the, Coroner's inquest
that Mr. Hovey said, “IL nave just left my wife
fn Connecticut. See what a fix | am in?’
A. It hink something of that kind was satd—
yes.

Mathias M, Dodd was recalled. He said _he
was in the stationery department at Tif-
fany’a; that Molineux never bought any-
thiog in the store except In the stationery de-
partment, andthatin that department no boxos
were used similartothe box that was sent to
Cornish.

William Williams, a young colored youth,
testified that he used to take care of the fur-
nace and wash the windows at Mrs, Bell's, 257
West Seventy-fifth street, where Blanche
Cheseborough, now Mrs, Molineux, lived, and
where, it has been testified, Molineux was
known as Mr. Chesehorough

Q. Do you see anybody in this court room
that you have ever seen before? A. Yes

“Go point him out,’ thundered the District
Attorney, and young Williams ‘eft the stand

ead walked down aad stuck his Mower almost

 
 

|

i

on Molineux’s nose. When he wen
the stand he testified that be had seen Molineux
at Mrs. Bell’s early in the morning when he
had gone there, On crosa-exam{nation, he
wasn't quite sure how many times he nad seen
him, but he thought maybe it was as many
times as three,

3 You left there in May. 1808? A, Yes.

. And the last time you saw him was the
month that you left, wasn’t It? A, Yes.

The testimony of other witnesses was to tha
effect feat flenche Molineux moved away
from Mrs. Bell's in January, 1808,

The boy sald he had never spoken to Moll-
neux and that Molineux had never apaien to
him. Then came the attempt of the District
Attorney to get the testimony that Molineux
gare at the Coroner's inagent The case will

e continued at half-past 10 this morning.

AS TO IMMORAL ADVERTISEMENTS,

An Advertiser Falling to Deliver Goods May
Keep the Money With Impunity.

Judge Thomas yesterday afternoon in the
United States Cireuit Court ruled that the
Federal statutes make no provision to punish
Q person who uses the mails to tempt another
to buy immoral books or obscene pictures
and then, failing to deliver such articles in
return, keeps the money sent for them,
Wiliam Scott, who is a bookseller in
Brooklyn, nearly seventy years old,
was brovght before Judge Thomas on
an indictment charging him with illegal use of
the mails to defraud, The indictment was
found upon evidence submitted by Anthony
Comstock, who received a circular sent out
under the name of Leon Depew, a pseudonym
used by Scott, Comatock said. Scott said that
it was not, and that the man Depew lives who
sent out the circular, which contained a list of
books bearing suggestively immoral tit!es, any
one of which, the circular said, would be sent
on receipt of $1.

Writing from Louisiana and from Pennsyl-
vania, under assumed names, Comstock asked
foracouple of the books bearing titles which
seemed to him suggestive, He enclosed $1 for
each book, and reevived in reply a letter from

Depew saying that the books named wore Bot
in stock and that he could not deliver them
until a consignment came from Paris. He kept
the money and Comstock got him Indicted,
Comstock was in eourt with Assistant United
States District Attorney Baldwin, who attempt-
ed to conduct the prosecution. Judge Thomas
dismissed the indictment before any evidence
was taken.

As much as I despise the writer of that
circular,” Judge Thomas said, "my conscience
would trouble me if I allowed this case to go
on, belleving as I do that the law prosiage no
punishment forsuch an alleged crime. I can
not even allow a recess while you try to fortify
your position by looking up and citing cases to
uphold tt.”

“But think of the protection of the mails,”
Mr. Baldwin urged. “How can we protect the
pore and giris if we allow such circulars to be
Ben

“A few cases of boys and girls losing their

ocket money and getting nothing in return
or it will make them exceedingly chary of
sending thetr cash or Jmmoral literature and
obscene pictures,” said the Judge. “Dissemi-
nation of such things is moral murder just as
much as there {ts physical murder. Should a
person agree with another to commit murder
and then failtodvit he could hardly be pros-
ecuted forfraud. If a man should go into a
shop and pay for an immoral book or picture
and flund, when he opened his package at home,
that he had instead a picture of the Madonna,
or a good book, he would have no redress
against the bookseller. Any one answering
that circular would know that the books
named {fn tt were immoral, that it is unlawful
to traffic In obscene or immoral literature, and
the recipient would be as guilty asthe sender.”

At the beginning of the proceedings, in an-
swertoaquestion as to whether he had any
prejudice in the case, William MeN. Rhode-
wald. one of the talesmen, said: “I have, I
am prejudiced against Comstock, I have no
personal prejudice against him, but against
tag mature of ae work.” ' 1 4M

18 prosecution promptly challenge r
Rhodewald, A talesman named Brown inti-
mated that he beiieved that any one whose
work was of the natuie of Comstock's became
in time so impregnated with suspicion that he
magined things which were not. Judge

homus spoke in approbation of Comstock.

 

HARVARD'S MINING LABURATORY,

Being Made Toward Its Erec-
tlon—The Equipment.

Boston, Jan, 22.—G, 8. Raymen has com-
pleted plans for the new Harvard Mining Lab-
oratory which were intrusted to him, and a
firm is now at work upon the estimates.
The ore-dressing room of the laboratory
will beinthe old baseball cage of the Carey
building, a room 30 by 80 feet, which will have
to be dug out to a depth of 40 feet for the pur-
pose, Another building, about 30 by 80 feet,

will be built adjoining the preaeas one on th
eust side, It will contain the metallurgical and
assay rooms. These three rooms will be a
memorial tothe late John Simpkins, '85, and
will probably be known as the “John Simpkins
Laboratories,”

The machinery of the laboratory will be
operated by means of three motors and will be
divided between the sampling, concentrating
and stamping departments. The sampling de-
partment will show the various constituents
of the ore, and wil) consist yd & crusher, roils
and automatic sampling machinery. The con-
contration department will be made up of fine
rolls to crush the rock, revolving acreens to
siftand jigs in which to wash the ore free from
the rock, The ore which will remain too fine
for the jiga will be subsequently treated on
slime machines, which will show what
machine should be used for the different ores.
‘the stamping division will have a complete
but simple set of machinery.

SUCCESSIVE WHISKEYS KILLED HIM,

Estimates

Gannon Cheertully Accepted an Offer to
Take Five Free Drinks and Died.

Francis Gannon of 443 West Thirty-ninth
street died last Saturday evening at his home,
whither he had been taken unconscious from a
saloon at 543 and 545 Tenth avenue, Dr,
Weston performed an autopsy upon the body
laterand found evidence that the man had
died of alcoholism, but at the earnest plea of

Gannon’s family, certified the death to be dua
to apoplexy.

Yesterday morning it was reported at the
West Thirty-seventh street police station that
Gannon had killed himself while trying to win
abet that hecould drink a certain amount of
whiskey and detectives arrested Hugh Corco-
ran of 404 Elevent avenue and Adolph Zopp,
the bartender in the Tenth avenue saloon,
They were taken before Coroner Hart.to whom
Corcoran admitted that he had treated Gannon
to {lve drinks of whiskey in succession,

“He asked me for adrink,” said Coreoran,
“and [told him L would give him five. Heae-
cepted, and when he had drunk. the staff he
wanted five more, but I refused to buy him
any more. A few minutes later he fell on the
floor unconscious, Zopp and I revived him and
took him home, hat’a the last we heard of
him until his death was announced,”

Coroner Hart paroled the prisoners on their
own recognizances,

CAPT, M'GOWAN KILES A FILIPINO?

The Navy Department Hasn't Heard of It
and Docsn't Believe It,
Wasuineton, Jan, 22.-Seeretary Long said
to-day that he had no information ot any char-
acter, official or private, in regard to the report
published in newspapers yesterday that Capt.

 

, MeGowan of the Monadnock had shot and

| killeda Filipino for goin

over the wrong side

of hia ship, and that Commander Very of

| the Castine had placed all except one of his

officers under suspension. The report was
hased on a private letter alleged to have been
recelved in this country from Manila. The
ofMfcials of the Bureau of Navigation say that
so serious a matter ae the killing of a man by
the commander of an American warship would
have been reported tothe Department by tel-
egraph, They, therefore.do not believe the
report about Capt, McGowan,

SECRETA'"Y OF

 

FOR 1HE SENATF.

 

Senators Platt and Depew Agree on Former
Congressman Bennett of Brooklyn,

Wasntnoton, Jan, 22.—Senator Platt of New
York, said to-day that he and Senator Depew
had agreed to present to the Republican cau-

cus on Wednosday, the name of Charles G.
tennett, formerly Representative from the
Fifth district of New York, a3 a candidate for
Secretary of the Renate,

Admiral Crowninshield Starts for Florida,

WasuHinotoy, Jan, 22.--Rear Admiral A, 8,
Crowninshield, Chief of the Bureau of Navi-
gation, left Washington to-day for Florida. He
will spend some time at Pensacola, according
to the offlefals of hia bureau, who say also that
the trip is made for the benefit of his health.

 

Gen. Wheeler to Leave Manila To-morrow,

Wasninorox, Jan, 22.—Gen, Otis cabled
Adjt.-Gen, Corbin to-day that Gen. Wheeler
willleava Manila on the transport Warren,
Jan. 24. The Warren will come by way of
Guam and Honolulu, but will not stop at the
latter place

Stops the Cough
and works off the Cold,

Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets curs a cold im one
day, No Cure, No Pay. Price 260,~ddv,

  

ck to

   

PROCEEDINGS,

RAWLINS'S ANTi-POLYGAMY
RESOLUTION ADOMTED,

THE SENATE

Mk,

 

 

Mr. Pritchard Arques Against the Exclusion
of Negro Votes in His State—Tillman In-
terrupts, Sayings ‘‘Nigger, Not Negro;
We Never Say Negro in the Sonth.”

Wasuinoron, Jan. 22.—In the Senate to-day
the resolution heretofore offered by Mr. Raw-
lina (Dem., Utah) relating to polygamy, and
then referred to the Judiciary Committee, was
reported back from that committee with
amendments and was agreed to, It now
reads:

Resolved, That the Committees on the Judiciary te
hereby instructed to inquire into and report to the
Senate; To whatextevt polygamy is practioed or
polygamous marriages entered into in the United
Btates or in places over which they have jurisdiction;
What, if any, steps should be taken or measures on
acted for the prevention of polygamy in the United
States and in places over which they have juris-
dictien,

Mr. Allon (Pop., Neb.) offered a resolution
stating that the response of Secretary Gage to
the Senate resolution of Jan. 4 is incomplete,
in that the Secretary failed to transmit copies
o! the correspondence called for between tho
Treasury Department and the National City
Bank of New York, and directing iim to fur-
nish copies of all such correspondence and
communications and reports of conversations.
The resolution went over without action,

The resolution heretofore offered by Mr.
Pritchard, (Rep., N. C.) declaring that the pros
posed Constitutional amendments of North
Carolina, aimed at the exclusion of the votes
of colored men, is in violation of the Fourteenth
and Fifteenth amendments to the Constitution
ofthe United States and of the fundamental
principle of a Republican form of government,
was taken up and Mr. Pritchard addressed the
Benate.

Tho drift of the speech was to show that the
purpose of the proposed movement in North
Carolina was to assure the perpetuation of
Democratic rule in the South at all hazards.

Mr. Tillman (Dem,,8, C.) nade a sneering ree
mark about Mr. Pritchard's anxiety about the
colored people.

“If one should read the ten commandments

here,” remarked Mr. Pritchard, “the Senator
from, South Carolina would yell ‘negro’ at

im.

“It ig ‘nigger,’ not negro,” Mr. Tillman

pourey back. “We do not say negro in the

outh.

“The Senator from South Carolina can pro-
nounce it aa he desires,” said Mr, Pritchard;
“it 1s a matter of taste merely.”

Mr. Pritchard tn the course of his speech as-
serted that there wore 60,000 white Republi-
eans in North Carolina. This was contra-
dicted by Mr. Tillman, who shouted amid
aughter, “There is no Repudli ‘an party in
North Curolina, excent a little coterie that
sends delogates to the National Republican
conventions and lives on the money that it gets
for their votes.” F

In conclusion Mr. Pritchard described the
movement in North Carolina as an |nqultious
scheme onthe part of Democratic leaders in
that &tate, “If our people,” he said, “can have
the opportunity to express themselves [reely
at the ballot box. they will consign to oblivion
those who now seek todothat which can oyly
result in jajury to the welfare of our peo le,
and in impeding the rapid strides which they
are now making in industrial development.”

The resolution wept over, Mr. Chandler say-
ing that he would speak on !t to-morrow,

he joint resolution. heretofore I{ntro-
Mr. Bacon (Dem., Ga.), declare
ing the purpose of the United. States
with reference to the Philippine Islands,
was taken up, and Mr. Turner (Dem., Wash.’,
addressed the Senate |n advocacy of It. He re-
garded the war in the Er ippinge as a breach
of national faith, an’ sald that the path of hon-
orable retreat was left open to the American
eople, He characterized the claim of the

‘nited States being the trustees of Providence
in regard to the Philippines as cant and hypoc-

duced by

riay.

Me. Depew from the Committee on Industrial
Fxpositions, reported a bill authorizing the
President to appoint one woman Commiseioner
to represent the United States in the National
Soctety of the Daughters of the American
Revolution at the unveiling of the statue of
Lafayette in Parts in 1900 and at the Exposi-
thon then to be held, the Commissioner not to
be entitled to compensation. —

Mr. Cockrell (Dem., Mo.), said he understood
that there was an express understanding with
the French Government that there should be
no woman representative at the Exposition.

Mr. Depew said he did not know of any such
uoderstanding, As there seemed to be some
doubt on the question the bill went over until
to-morrow, and the Senate at 4:42 adjourned
till to-morrow.

BY ORDER OF SECRETARY ROOT,

Change in the Personnel of the Bonrd of
Ordnance and Fortifications,

WasHINGTON, Jan, 22,—An order issued to-
day by Secretary Root changes with but one
exception the personne! of the Board of Ord-
nance and Fortifications, Major-G@t, Miles,
now ex-officiochairman of the board, is ro-
tained, and the following officers are assigned
as members: Brig.-Gen. John M. Wilson,
Chief of Engineers; Brig.-Gen. A. R. Buffilne-
ton, Chief of the Bureau of Ordnance, and Col.
John I. Rodgers, Fiftn Artillery, The retiring
officers are Col. Royal T. Frank, retired; Capt.
Charles B. Wheeler, Bureau of Ordnance, and
Capt. Joseph E, Kuhn, Corps of Engineers. A
change was made several days ago in the
civilian member of the board by the appoint-
ment of Thomas J. Henderson, a former Rep-
resentative in Congress from Illinois, to sues
ceed Representative Joseph Outhwaite,

Fora jong time there bas been friction be-
tween the Board of Ordnance and Fortifica-
tions and the Ordnance Department of the
Army. The board plans for the defences of
the coast of the country and initiates all action
looking to the adoption of armament, but
its duties do not extend beyond  investi-
gating. experimenting and recommending for
adoption ordnanee for the Army, It becomes
the duty of the Bureau of Ordnance to provide
the defences recommended by the Board of
Ordnance and Fortifications, and the friction
between the beard and the bureau has been
because of differences of opinion on ordnance
minatters.

The most recent difference which came to
the attention of Secretary Root related to the
Howell gun carriage. The Board of Ordnance
and Fortifications recommended the adoption
of this carriage as one of the types for use by
the Army. Gen, A. RK. BuMlngton, one of the
inventors of the Buffington-Crozier gun car-
riage now used in the Army, had been ap-
pointed Chief of the Bureau of Ordnance, and
when the report of the Board of Ordnance and
Fortifleations came before him for action he
reported against the adoption of the Howell
gun carriage
matter before him, andt question of «dopt-
ing the Howell carriage wil! not be determined
untilafter another test, to be held at Sandy
Hook. [tis thought that with the reorganiza-
tion of the board and the appointment of
officers of higher rank, including the Chief of
the Ordnance Bureau and the Chief Engineer
ofthe Army, the friction between the Ordnance
Bureau and the board will cease and the two
work In greater harmony.

 

 

 

 

Army and Navy Orders,

Wasuinoton, Jan, 22,—These army orders

were issued to-day:

srig. Gen. James F Wade, commanding the De-

artment of Dakota, to assume command of the

Jepartment of the Lakes upon the retirement from
active service of Brig. (ien. Thomas M, Anderson

Capt. Hobart K. Bailey, Fifth Intantry, to th's
eity.
Brig. Gen. James H. Wilson, from this olty to
Tampa, Fla.

Capt. Archibald W. Butt, Assistant Quarterinaster,
from this city to Portland, Ore., for temporary duty
in connection with the shipment of supplies to
Manila.

Previous orders directing Acting Assistant
BKurgeon Hugh L. Taylor to proceed to his home,
Waco, Tex, for annulment of his contract, are re-
voked, and he is ordered from Fort Dougias to
Benicia Barracks

Acting Assistant Surgeon Ira Ayer, from the
transport Wright to Fort Wood and accompany re-
cruits to the Philippine Islands.

‘hese naval orders were issued:

Chaplain H, W. Jones, to du duty at the Navy
Yard, Pensacola, Fla

Chief Carpenter John W. Burnham, order detach-
ing from Navy Yard, New York, and to temporary
duty on the Vermont, revoked, i:

Lieutenant-Commander W. W. Kimball, from the
New York, Nortolk, to Navy Yard, Washington, as
head of Board ou Labor Employment,

The U.S, 8. Seindia sailed from San Francisco for
Manila, Jan. 20, with the following complement of
officers: Commander J. M. Miller, Lieut,-Com-
mander W. Kilburn. Lient, 4. H. Leonard, Lient. H,
Behell dine.) Lieut. D, C, Kedyraves, Ensign A.W.
Pressey, Naval Cadet J. H. Bomb, Naval Cadet ©,
Shac ford, Naval Cadet E, ©, Kalbfus, A
Surgeon \V. L. Bell, Assistant Surgeon J. 8. Tay %
Assistant Paymaster PD, M. Addison, Paymaster Clerk
A. Chapline, and the following, ofmcers for Guame
Lieut. Wy. U. Herbert, Assistant Paymaster F, W, De-
lano, and Paymaster Clerk W, D, Bollard.

  

 

Nominations by the President.

Wasntinoron, Jan, 22.—The President to-day
sent the following nominations to the Senate;

To be Brigadier Generals, U.S, V.—Col. George M
Randall, Fighth Infantry; Col. James M. Bell,
Twenty seventh Infantry.

To be Becond Lieutenant—Sergeant Charles McG.
Sweitzer, Company B, Eghth Infantry.

To be Pay master with rank of Major-Capt. Alfied

4 3 Frost 2

Secretary Root still has this |
he

THE SUN, TUESDAY,

| tions,

 

JANUARY

THK MONTANA RRIBERY CASE,

Another Legisiator Who Says $10,000 Was
Offered Him to Vote for Clark.

Wasninaton, Jan, 22,—The firat witness to-
day before the Senate Committeo that is inves-
tigating the Montana bribery case was Albert
1. Smith, President of the Montana National
Bank of Helena, He said he had been Presi-
dent of the bank two and a half years, and be-
fore that had been its cashier, He was
acquainted with the two Clarks, the Senator
and his son, and with Wellcome, Steele, Bick-
ford, Davidson and others mentioned in the
case, He gave the namesof twoorthree mem-
bers of the Legislature (Day, Phillips and an-
other) who had accounts (n his bank last year.
He did not think that Mr, Bywater had ono
and he did not remember receiving to be
cashed acheck for $5,000 drawn by Bywater.
To Mr. Feaulkner—The men whom he had
named had had accounts in the bank for sev-
eral years.

Yo the chairman—Senator Clark has an
account at my bank, but had not during
the session of the Legislature. He opened it
subsequently to his election. He has made
only one deposit. That was for $50,000, and
was in the shape of a check on tho First
National Bank of New York.

The chairman turned his attention to the
matter of $1,000 bills and questioned the wit-
nessa very closely on that subject. Witness
sald that the bank usually had from ten to

fifty $1,000 bills In its reserve. They were
used for settling balances with other banks and
were sometimes paid over the counter when
asked for. This was @ very rare thing, how-
ever, He equld not tell how many $1,000 bills
the bank held last gone aes fifty or forty, but
perhaps thirty. @ remembered one in-
stance where he paid out_ten of them a year
ago. They wore paid to Mr, McNamara, who
was going to buy cattle, and wanted large

ills.

The next witness was P. N. Murray of Butte,
who was a member of the Legislature. He
was very nervous and fidgety under examina-
tion and had continually to be asked to speak
audibly. In reply to Gvestons by counsel for
the contestants, witness sald he had talked
with a Mr. Gallick, who asked him to vote for
Clark and held up his ten fingers saying that
witness would get that in cash if he voted for
Clare. This was in the fore part of the ses-
sion,

“T told him,” said the witness, “that I could
not do it. [ had @ second conversation with
him. I¢ was aboutthe same asa the firet. Ho
asked me to vote for Clark, and held up his
hand, the same as before, anil suid that would
be cashfor me. | told him [could not do it.”
Witness a'so told, with much hesitancy and
twisting around in. his chair and fdgetting
with his hands, of an interview with one
George Casey, another friend of Senator
Clark's, who talked first about buying the wit-
ness’s {nterest in a mine, but did not name
any price, and who also asked him to vote for
Clark. “He asked me,” said the witness, “it [
was under any obligation to those who were
opposiog Mr. Clark. I told him no. Then he
wanted to buy the land.”

. Was anything else said? A. He said he
thought he could fix it upand settle it, mean-
ing the trade for the land,

. Was any conJition or consideration at-
tached to it? \ None except that I should
vote for Mr. Clark i
Waa any price fixed for the land? A, No

price was fixed :

The chairman--Was anything said to indl-
cate what it was worth? A. No,
Mr. Faulkner, in cross-examining the wit-
ness, trledtomake hin. admit that he was
elected In the intorest of “the Daly faction”
and could not support Clark, but the witness
did not seem to know much about itor any-
thing else. He was the densest Montana man
who has yet appeared in the case,
“Is ita fact,” Mr. Faulkner asked, “that there
were brokers going around, haying oo relation
tounyot the candidates for the Senate, and
who were feeling you gentlemen of the Legla-
lature in every way?”’
“Ido not know,” the witness replied; and he
really looked as if he did'nt.
There were no other witnesses on hand and
the committee adjourned until to-morrow,

 

FILIPINOS DISPERSED,

Major Johnson Drives the Enemy Out of
Cavite Province, ’

Wasnrnoton, Jan. 22.—Gen, Otls cabled the
War Department to-day, deseribing a series of
engagements bet ween the insurgents in Cavité
Provinee and a battalion of Americans under
Major Johnson of the Forty-sixth Infantry.
Gen, Otis rewards these engagements ae very
important, as Major Johnson has succeeded in
defeating the rebels, and finally drove them
from Cavité Province into Batangas Province.
News of a battle between the troops under
Gen, Schwan and the insurgents at Santa
Cruz is expected at any time. Secretary
Root is greatly pleased with the recent opers-
tions in the Southern Provinces, Success has
attended every movement and the disintegra-
tion of the Fillpino forces is daily becoming
more evident, MajorJohnson is a Captain of
the Sixteenth Regular Infantry and one of the
officers recently promoted to a volunteer com-
mission. He encountered the enemy near
Balayangy, Cavité Province, last week and on
the 18th advanced, forcing them eastward
toward Calaca. At that place there was another
fight andthe Filipinos retreated toward
Lemery. _ This town is on the west bank of the
outlet of Lagunade Taal. The outlet is the
poundury between Batangas and Cavité prov-
inces, Thecity of Taal is on the east of the
river and there the insurgents had located
their headquarters, and it was regarded as an
important place to capture, aa it was probable
that Aguinaldo waa located there,

Before attacking the Filipinos at Lemery,
Major Johnson sent to Batangas for aasistance,
Three companies of Major Muir’s battalion
stationed at Batangas were sent against Taal,
and Major Johnson made a simultaneous ad-
vance on Lemery. He forced the enemy across
the riverinto Taal. Swingingto the south he
moved {n a northerly direction against the
city, while Major Muir's forces attacked from
the north, The Filipinos, according to Gen.
Otis, were completely routed, seattering tn
mavy directions, Major Johnson captured four
fleld pieces and a quantity ofrifies. Cen, Otls's
despatch follows:

*MajorJohnson, commanding a battalion of
the Forty-aixth Infantry, Wheaton’s brigade,
reports trom Jemery, Isth and 20th inat.,
that he drove the enemy through Baylayang
eastward onthe morning of the Isth, capturing
seventeen rifles and one fleld piece, and a few
hours later through Calaca, where he captured
four prisoners, four horses and equipments
and six rifles, and killed three insurgents, He
advanced toward Lemery that afternoon and
captured the enemy's outpost, three men and

ix horaes; advanced on Lemery at 5
p M.; enemy strongly intrenchead; sent by

navy gunboat to Batangee for assist-
ance when three companies of Muir's
battalion ° the Thirty-eighth were
sent to Taal, insurgent headquarters;

Johnson drove the enemy through Lomery to
Taal, where he attacked the southern portion
of the city and Muir the northern portion. The
enemy dispersed, retreating in many direo-
Johnson's. casualtios were one man
killed, one seriously and two slightly wounded,
Four field pleeces and a quantity of rifles were
eaptured, This movement of Johuson's was
ably conducted and important in results
“The enemy is reported in large force and
heavily tntrenched at and near Santa Cruz,
Laguna de Bay. Schwan {s swinging his
troops on that point, his left atthe town of
Bay, afew miles east of Calamba; his right,
consisting of cavalry, at the city of Tayabes.,,
“Oris,

Death Report From Gen, Otis.

Wasninoton, Jan. 22.—Gen, Otis has cabled
the following death report;

Variola: Dee. 23, John Goodling, Company
H, Thirteenth Infantry; 31, Everett Barker,
Company H; Jan, 15, William B, Sisk, Com-
pany F, Thirty-third Infantry.

Dysentery: Jan. 12, John C. Bottorff, Com-
pany LD, Twenty-third Infantry; 11, Willlam
Brady, Company H, Ninth Infantry; 16, James
Ross, Company E, Thirty-fifth Infantry; 17,

Pilon McQuade, Sergeant, Company G, Third
Artillery.

Chronic diarrh@a; Jan, 14, Frank House,
Company F, Fourth Infantry,

Rupture of aortic anuerism: Jan. 15, George
Gatewood, Company K, Twenty-fitth Infantry.

Wounds in action: Jan, 12, Peter Madden,
Company C, Fourth Cavalry; 18, Charles Sin-
gieman, ¢ Ompany G, Eleventh Cavalry.

Found in Rio Agno Bautista, Luzon, covered
with incised wounds: Jan, 6, Joseph Crispi,
musician, Company A, Seventeenth Infantry.

Tuberculosis: Jan. 16, Robert Mills, cor-
poral,*Company_E, Eleventh Cavalry,

Pneumonia: Jan. 16, Bert Meyers, Company
G Twenty-ninth Talantry, 17.9

sroncho-pneuimonia: Jan, 17, Walter Harris,
Company i. Fortieth Infantry,

Gunshot, accidental: Jan, 12, Clarence
Barkla, corporal, Company M, Twenty-seventh
Infantry.

 

 

Movements of Naval Vessels.

Wasuinoton, Jan, 22,—Tho Naval
transport Scindia left San Francisco for Hono-
lula, Guam and Manila on Saturday. She will
proceed from Manila to New York via the
European route. ‘The Ranger left San Fran-
gleco for San Diego; the Vixen arrived at Cape
Henry, Va.; the flagship Philadelphia, Rear
Admiral Kautz, arrived at San Diego; the flag-
ship Chicago. Rear Admiral Schley, arrived at
Ensenada; the Potomac saiied from, League
Island for Nomolk: the Sylph arrived at Nor-
folk, and the Prairfe arrived at New York,

The cruiser Moutgomery #@'!ed from Montes
video for La Plata tu-day.

23, 1900.

  

 

ROBERTS

 

| DAYS IN THE HOUSE,

 

The Vote to Be Taken on Thursday After-
noon on the Questions Whether He Shall

Be Excluded From the House or Ad-
mitted to His Seat and Then Expelled.
Wasurnorton, Jan. 22.--The debate over the
report of the special committee on the Rob-
erts case, which begins in the House to-
morrow and will occupy the next two
| days, will probably prove even more in-
teresting than that which preceded the
reference of his case tothe Committee. There

| will be at leatt three speakers who are greatly
interested in the case: Mr. Taylor, who is
chairman of the committee and who has con-

the House; Mr, Littlefleld, who prepared the

Roberts said to-day that he had prepared his
case with great care and trusted that the House
would at least grant him his seat, to whichihe
still contends he {s entitled on the primi facie
case. Mr. Littlefield will probably be supported
by several others who share his views, among
them Representative De Armond of Missouri,
who signed the report with him, It is also
probable that Mr. Richardson, the Democratic
leader, will speak in support of the minority
report.

Mr. Lacey of Iowa and other leaders in the
House are Inclined to believe that the House
was too hasty in its action on the Roberts mat-
ter, but see no way in which it can be induced
to reverse its position to the extent of seating
Mr. Roberts. “Tho report is so ingenuously
drawn,” said one of them to-day, “that I fail to
see how we can expect the House to do any-
thing but adopt it. While the report does not

even taking his seat, it cleverly states that the
resolution will likely recelve more than a two-
thirds vote, so that in effect the principle of
expulsion will be carried out. This was intend-
ed to catch the votes of those who believe in
tho views of the minority, but who will satisfy

for it will have atwo-thirds vote.’ I do not think
there is any concerted movement among mem-

bers of the House to secure the adoption of the
views of the minority, but I know there hus
been considerable quiet tale among the mem-
bers and [ would not be surprised if the
minority resolution secures quite a number of
votes,”

The opposite view was presented by another
member, who said: “If a man proposed to
come to my house and I was sure he was ob-
jectionable, a charaeter with whom I did not
wish my family to associate, and who was
altogether an undesirable acguaintance, I
would not let him in the house. It would never
occur to me to firat invite him into the parlor,
and then, as soon as he was seated, to throw
him out of the door. That ia what those who
propose to seat Roberta wish to sea done.”

The vote will be tuken on the adoption of the
report on Thursday afternoon at 4:30, Should
the majority report be adopted, as in all proba-
billty it will be, the case will then be closed
and Mr. Roberts will secure neither his seat,
his salary nor his mileage and otherallow-
ances, His seat would be declared vacant and
the Governor of
call a spectal election to fill the vacancy, On
tho other hand, should the minority report be
adopted he will be sworn in and @ resolution
will fmmediately be presented expelling him,
The report of the committee can be adopted
by @ majority vote, but it would require two-
thirds of the House to expe! him if he Is
seated,

Mr. Roberts intends to appeal to the courts if
he {8 not seated and he ean find reason to
belleve that the courts would_have power to
take cognizance of hiscase. Theappeal would

robably be made, in this case, to the Supreme

Jourt of the United States.

PAPER TRUST WINS,
Decree of Foreclosure Against the Colum-
bian Straw Paper Company Affirmed.

Wasutnatos, Jan, 22.-In the Supreme
Court to-day Justice Brown read a decision
upon the matter of Harry W. Dickerman etal.,
interventors in the auit of the Northern Trust
Company vs. the Columbian Straw Paper Com-
pany, to foreclose mortgages. The property
involved is thirty-nine paper milla, located In
thirty-two counties of nino different States.
The suit to foreclose was a friendly one be-
tween the trust company andthe paper com-
pany, and Dickerman and his associates, as
stockholders of the paper company, objected to
the foreclosure for several reasons. One was
that the suit was acollusive one between the
companies, ;

That they were working in harmony, Justice

jrown sald, was evident, but that did not make
a collusive suit in the eyes of the law. Tha
decree of the Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Cireuit, adjudging. foreclosure and sale
was affirmed. The fate of the organization ta
graphically told in a few sentences fn that part
ofthe opinion discussing the rightto sue onthe
company’s bonds:

“The company was notoriously insolvent.
Its coupons for 1804 and 1845 were unpaid
Allits property was subject to the mortgage
given to secure its bonds. It could no longer
continue its business.”

 

 

 

Appeal for the Schley Home Fund.

WASHINGTON, Jan, 22.—The persons engaged
in raising funds to buy a home for Rear
Admiral Schley have made another appeal for
money, The fund was started several months
ago and up to this time the subscriptions have
| reached a total of $1,558.45. The list of sub-
| scribers numbers twenty-one, of whom Felix
Agnus of Baltimore isthe largest, with a sub-
scription of $250, and 'T’, E, Roessle, a Wash-
ington hotel manager, one of the largest, with
a subscription of $200, The smallest of the
twenty-one subscriptions is 10 cents.

The nanagers of the fund held a meeting on

Saturday night, and great confidence waa ex-
pressed that the fund would continue to grow,
A letter was received from Miss Edna MeClel-
Jan of New York, who is engaged tn the “Daisy
! Chain” method of raising funds for the Schley
| home. She said she had raised about £5,000,

andat her own suggestion she was made a
| member of the Executive Committee of the

a

YEBATE TO-DAY. |

ducted the case against Roberts all through Second Hand Safes for sale.

propose to expel him, but to prevent him from | FOR 4 HUSBAND'S WRONGS,

|

|

Utah would be at liberty to |

 
   

All over the world, where Safes are used, Hall’s are known to be the best,

      

the oldest and the most reliable, having sold for 60 years, Every Sate guarans
lay wit, occupy THe NEX®Y TWO teed throughout. Prices right.
'

Hall’s Safes.

Your old safe exchanged
for a Modern “Hall.”

minority report in favor of seating and then Safe moving and repairing.
expelling him, and Mr, Roberta himself, Mr. |

   

 

Established 1823.

KINSEY, RAINIER & THOMSON,

GENERAL AGENTS,

393 BROADWAY, N. Y.

TEL. 307 FRANKLIN.

WILSON
WHISKEY.

That’s All!

TH WILGON DISTILLING CO.,
Maltimore Md

 
 

 

 

 

$5,750.

 

Verdict in the Suit of Lawyer Lewis Against
Charles Hoffman, Jr.

The jury in the case of Lawyer William 8.

Lewis against Charles Hoffman, Jr., to recover

$50,000 damages for the alienation of his

thomsoelves by saying, ‘Well,this is substantially | wife's affections, handed in a verdict in the
the same as seating and then unseating him, | Supreme Court in Brooklyn yesterday in favor

of the plaintiff for $5,750. Mr. Lewis was mar-
ried to Florence A, Stocker on April 23, 1879.
They have two sons, Horatio W. and Vincent

B. Lewis, aged respectively 18 and 18
yoars. On May 1, 1808, Mr. Lewis and
his family moved into Mr. Hoffman's

house at 8 South Fillott place and on
Jan. 19, 1890, Mr. Lewis separated from
his wife. He alleged that Mr. Hoffman
paid too much attention to Mrs. Lewis, and
that he accompanied her to theatres and to
various olubs against the wishes of the plain-
tiff. He also teatified that his wife treate! him
coolly, but paid great attention to Mr. Hoff-

man. Thetwoasons testified in their mother's
behalf, and said their father had treated her in
a cruel manner,

Counsel or the defendant asked that the ver-
dict be set aside as it was contrary to the
welght of evidence, The motion was denied
by Supreme Court Justice Gaynor, Counsel
then asked to have anexception noted on the
ground that Justice Gaynor during the taking
of testimony had remarked: “This jury and
mveelf by this time understand the re ations
between this man and woman. If not, thea we
are very slow,” Justice Gaynor said he dil
not recall making any such remark, and re-
served decision on the motion until he could
read the stenographer's minutes.

TWO TROY LAWYERS AKBESTED,

Accused of Being Implicated in an Attempt
to Bribe a Jury in a Murder Case,

Troy, Jan. 22.—Through a confession now in
the hands of District Attorney Howard two
prominent young lawyers of this city are ac-
cusedof being implicated In an attempt to bribe
the jury in thetrialof Archie Mull,.charged with
murder in the first degree. One of the lawyers
accused {s James C Fursman, son of Justice
Fursman of the Supreme Court, The otheris

George J. MeDonnell.
ard learned that attempts had been made to
bribe jurors drawn forthe trial. An investiga

! Hon led to the arrest.of Burrows Cure, a hotel!

yroprietor of Sand Lake. Mul! waa tried in
Jecember and the Jury stood eleven for con-
vietion and one foracquittal, The second trial

1 is now in’ progress before Justice Chester

On Saturday the District Attorney caused tho
arrest of Cure, who offered $300 to a juror to
vote (or the acquittal of Mull, Cure confessed

| tothe District Attorney, implicating members

| Rear Admiral Winfleld Scott Schley Home |

Fund.

 

THE FOUNDATION OF HEALTH

Abbey’s
Effervescent
Salt.

“TNE ‘SALT’ OF SALTS,”

   
  
 
 

  
   
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
   
   
   
   
       
       
     
        
      
       
     
   
       
       
    

  

We ought to be thank-
ful to Abbey for send-
ing his Effervescent Salt
all the way from Eng-
land.

A teaspoonful in a
glass of water night
and morning works
wonders,

No more headache!

no more constipation!
no more indigestion!
no more biliousness!
no more heartburn!

health instead,

There are some people who never do
. ne intilthey have to, Don't be
oneofthem, Take care of your health
while you have it. Retain it by the
daily use of Abbey's Effervescent Salt.

At druggists’. 25c.,
50c. and $1 per bottle,

Send two act stamps, to pay
postage and packing, and we
vill mail you one of the most
dainty and beautiful colored
calendar creations of the year.

 
   

The Abbey Effervescent Salt Co.,
Dept. G, 13 Murray St., New York.

USED DAILY, GIVES HEALTH

   

|

of the Rensselaer County Bar Assoctation.
There is talk of instituting proceedings to dis-
bar the accused attorneys should their guilt
be proved,

PLOT 10 DESTROY A CANAL FEEDER,
One of the Men Arrested at Forestport
Confesses to the Detectives,

Urica, Jan, 22.—Frank Bassett, who was ar-
rested last Saturday night as cn of the con-
spirators in the scheme to benellt the village of
Forestport at the expense of the State by
destroying the canal feeder in that village, has
made a full confession of his part in the plot.
Bassett is confined in the Rome jail, and yes-
terday he had a long talk with Pinkerton
detectives, in the course of which he gave them
a detailod statement of the circumstances sur-
rounding the second break in the feeder, which
occurred |ast summer,

All the facts given coincide in every particu-
lar with the evidence unearthed by the detec-
tives, The State authorities have a very strong
case against the persons implicated and the
confession of Bassett makes it much stronger,

Nine men have been arrested to date in con-
nection with the bold conspiracy, which cost
the Statenearly $150,000 They willl be tried
at a special term of court next month,

DEAF MUTE IN COURT FOR THEFT
The Judge Acts as Interpreter, Geta a Con-
fession and Sends Him Back to Jail,

Rocnester, Jan, 22.—Daniel Conway, a deaf
mute, charged with stealing a bicycle, was
taken before Jadge Sutherland in theCriminal
Court to-day. The District Attorney said they
would have to send for an interpreter,

“Wait a minute,” said the Judge, “IT can talk
with him,” :

‘The Judge held up bis fingers and madea
few passes toward Conway, spelling out: “Can
ray wageretand this?’ Conway signalled back ;

"Yes,"

“You may take the indictment and examine
it,” said the Judge. Conway eximined the
indictment and declared that he was guilty

"Now vdu may go back to the jail,” signalled
the Judge with his fingers, Conway wa@ once
more taken back to jail, and he will be ex-
amined later,

Tenants Hadn't Suspected Its Presence in
an East Side Basement.

The ten-story building at Si? Madison street

suddenly filled with amoke at noon yesterday

and the tenants, tumbling over one another in |

their haste to get out, discovered that the base-
ment, occupied by a man who called himself
Samuel Freeman, a sign painter, was on fire,
They could not open the basement door, but

the flremen seon did that when they arrived,
Inside they foun! a complete iilicit atill, con-
aisting of three 100-gallon copper boilers, and
threa worms and a big barrel of sour mash,

 
 
  

FOR HARVARD'S

ANFIRMARY.,

 

James Stillman of This City Gives Another
85),000 for a New Building.

| CAMBRIDGH, Mass,, Jan. 22.—James Stillman
of New York @ity, who wave Harvard $50,000
| toerect an infirmary and $10,000 to be dise
tributed in four equal parts, covering a period
of years, forthe maintenance of the Institue.
| tion, has added the sum of $50,000 to his origt«
nal gift, According tothe plans the building
waa to have bean erected during the coming
| Year, but as building materials have increased
| in price nearly 40 per cent. since the donation
| Was made it was impossible to carry out the

| architect's plan and have the building as firat

 

designed, In this dilemma Mr. Stillman has

) & Ven the committee $50,000 more, without roe

! the

Jvistriet Attorney How- |

| jam Doblyn of the

The fire was slight and was easily put out, In- |

ternal revenue offleera are now. looking for

{ Freeman, whom they belleve to be a member

| at the Herald Square

, against the exeursion

ofa gang of moonshiners whose still was re-
cently discovered in Henry street.

Fatal Result of Going To a Wake.

Stamronp, Conn, Jan, 22.—James Keeley
died this morning a8 the result of his attend-
ance upon a wake of a friend on Thursday
night last. He spent the entire night at the
wake, On Friday morning he started to re-
turn home. While crossing a plank acroasa
creek off Brook street, ha lost his bearings
and fellinto the stream, He remained tn the
water for three hours, Poeumontia set in on
Fri jay night, and his wake will be held this
week,

and Leader's Wife Gets a Divorce.

Sadie C, Humphrey has obtained a divorce
from George I, Humphrey, leader of the
Seventh Regiment Band and of the orchestra
Theatre, from. Justice
Leventritt of the Supreme Court, The wife
gets the custody of their son and $15 a week
it imony. Humphrey's pay is $1,500 a year
from the Beventh Regiment Band and $454
week from the theatre,

Steamboat Republic to Be Sold for Debt.

In pursuance of a judgment obtained by the
First National Bank of Philadelphia for $39,000
steamboat
which plied between New York and_ Longe
Branch last summer, United States Marshal
pasbert will aall the veges! at the tte pesia.

r yn,on Jan The vessu! is sail to be
valued at $100.0u0, '

Republic,

|

striction, for completing the building at once.

The butiding will be ready for occupancy by
next academie year, The plans will be
modified! so thatthe entire amount can be used

anitan entirely finished building putup. The
land forthe inflrmary has been in the posses.
sion of the college for over a year. ITtie on

Mount Auburn straet, between the Cambridge
City Hospital and the Cambridge Home tor the
Aged. it hes a fine southern exposure and
Views that command the Kiver Charles, the
bol diers Field and the new Speedway,

The hospital has bean badly needed for alon
time. The old building on Holmes Field,
which served the purpose for a good many
years, is entirely inadequate, The infirmary
yin be called Stillman Hall fn honor of the
donor.

WANAMAKER CHICKERINGS’ AGENT,

New York Branch of the Piano Business
to Be at His Store Hereafter,

Tt wae stated yesterday at the offlee of Mr,
Robert ©. Ogen, the head of the New York busi-
nessof John Wanamaker that the New York
business of Chickering & Sona, the piano manu.
facturers and dealers, would shortly be as-
siimed by Mr. Wanamaker. The New York
agency of the piano firm {s to ba at the Wana.
maker store, as has been the case in Philadel.
phio for some tine, and the Chickerings are to
confine thelr direet trade to other cities. No
reduetion in the price of the Chickering pianos
is ike y to result from the deal, as the business
will, itis sald, be conducted in much the same
monneras heretofore, The Chickerings have
been in business here for many years, Their
main establishment isin Boston. A represen-
tativa of Mr. Ogden yesterday denied a report
| that Mr. Wanamaker contemplated buying
/ Chiexering Hal), which the piano firm are to

vacate some time before May 1, or that he was
) looking at any other property on Fifth avenue,
as has been reported

TOO MANY CENT GIVERS,

Father Belford Found 3,025 on the Plate
Sunday Before Last.

The Rey. John L. Belford, pastor of the
} Church of Sts. Peter and Paul in Williamaburg,
since he succeeded the late Father Malone has
been dissatisfied with the plate collections at
the Sunday masses, The expenses of the
parish are $1,000 a month and there are debts
aggregating $4,000, There are 6.500 parish-
foners, amongthem many persons of wealth,
The entire collections at the masses a week
ago Sunday amounted to $81.20. In referring
10 this fact atthe 1 o'clock mass on Sunday
Fathor Helford said to the congregation that
they knew the need of the church and also
that auch an amount as $81.20 was not one-
third of what was required, ‘Ihe priest added
that he had ¢ounted the coins and ‘ound that
seventeen persons had contributed quarters,
218) ten-cert places, 4445 flve-cent pieces, 4,025
cents and 2.000 nothing, ‘That the priest's
address had its effect was shown later when
the collections of a]! the masses, were counted,

BRAVE POLICEMEN REWARDED,

Receive Medals-Two Allowed to
Accept Presents

The Police Roard yesterday voted to grante
medal and honorable mention to Policeman
Gilloon of the Patrol, and to Policemav ‘Thomas
A. Ryan of the Elizabeth street station. (ile
loon rescued Christopher Walsh from drowne
inginthe Harlem River on Novy, 10 last, and
Ryan reacueda woman from a fire at 04 Mott
atreet, Policeman Charles b. Northrup of the
West Thirtieth street station was commended
for bravery ata tire at 150 West Thirty-sixth
street on Oct, 20, where he was burned about
the arms,

Polleeman Henry Lang, who arrested the
three persons who conspired to blackmail Carl
| Fisher Hansen, was permitted to receive a gold
; watch from Mr Hansen, and Policaman Wille
West Sixty-elgbth streay
station was permitted to receive $o0 from Wille
iam H, Seaich for putting out a fire at 75 Rivers
side avenue on Jan, 3.

 

Two to

Trial of L, H. Miller, Jr., Adjourned,

The trial of Louis H, Miller, Jr, brother of
William Miller, head of the defunct Franklin
Syndicate, for the allegod purloining of moners

belonging tothe concern, which was to have
heen held vesterday, in the Court.o! Special
Sessions iu Brooklyn, was postponed until Feb.
Tat the urgent request of Assistant Distriat
| Attorney McCitfry. It is said that the prosee
cuting authorities are engaged ina further and
more sifting investigation of the management
of the Franklin Syndicate and that some of
Miller's accomplices are likely to be indicted.

Boston's Board of Aldermen Deadlock,

Bostox, Jan. 22.—-The Boston Board of
Aldermen met again this afternoon and for
the eixth time the members were unable to

transact business, because of the deadlock
over the chairmanship, It was thought thas
James H. Doyle would be elected chairman,
but the dea! falied,

Guggenheimer Leaves Town,

President Guggenheimer of the Counct!! lef
the city yesterday afternoon on histrip for the

West. Mr. Guggenheimer willgo to Colorado
and visit hisson. Hewillaiso visit California
and Mexico. r turning to this city by Feb, 22.

TS

A

ry |

yriu

Look atyour tongue! If it’scoated
your stomach is bad, your liver outo
order, Ayer’s Pills will clean your
tongue, cure your dyspepsia, make
your liver right. Easy to take, easy
to operate. 25c., All Gruggista,

  
   
   

 

4
1