4

a

A MOTHER'S PLEA HEEDED.

 

 

MRS, FLORENCE A. WARING'S SUC
CHSSFUL FIGHT FOR MEK CHILD,

Sustice Marean Thought Nathan Cilfford
Brown, the Girl's Father, Was Too Un-
emotional and Sald SomShe's to Live
With Him Only in Vacation Time-Par-
ents Divorced and Both Married Again.

The habeas corpus proceedings brought by
Rathan Clifford Brown, a musician and selen-
hist of Portland, Me., to secure possession of his
pleven-year-old daughter Cornelia, who lives
with ber mother, Mrs Florence A. Waring of
Yonkers, ended dramatically in the Special
ferm of the Supreme Court in Brooklyn yes-
werday afternoon. The court room was crowded
with friends of both parties, and the child MHe-
tened to all the testimony with rapt attention,

The defendant secured a divorce from the
plaintif? in Portland, Me.,, in 1808 on the
ground of cruelty, and by agreement the child
was to spend half of avery year with each par-
ent, Subequently Mrs. Brown married «, J.
Waring, a wealthy bat manufacturerof Yonkers,
Mr. Brown also married again, The child was
eared for by the parents alternately under this
tgreement until recently, when Mr. Brown
was informed, so it is alleged, that he eould
ever have her again

Mr. Brown testifled yesterday that he was an
astronomer anda trusician and that he occa-
pionally wrote se ontific articles for newspapers
and magazines. He said that from the time
bis davghtor was old enough to understand he
had instructed ber, Sinee hia separation from
bis wife he had never sald anything to her in
fisparagement of her mother,

“The child, however,” he sald, “asked me
@why woe did not live together, T informed her
that her mother had marvied again, and that it
was not according to the customs of society for
a wife to havetwohusbands, She did notthink
It right for her mother to have married again.”

“Did you tell her that her mother was a good
woman, but that you could not agree?” asked
dustice Marean.

“T nevor referred to her mother's character
at all,” was the reply

“Did you instil into the child's mind that
there was something tho matter with her
mother:”

‘Never.’

The witness said he did wot want his daugh-
ter to go to school and come in contact with
other children, He thought he was doing
right in educating her himself

“I don't believe in hothouse education,’ said
Justice Marean, “Your child should take a
ehanve with othor children”

Mr. Brown tustified that when his father died

he bad inherited a life interest in $35,000 and
at his death the prineipal was to become the
property absolutely of the daughter, His
nothor, he said, was the daughter of Justice
ifford of Maine
The present wife of the plaintiff testified to
the love that existed between the ehild and her

fainer. She said that the mother had tried to
nflucnce her against her father
Mrs, Waring was the next witness, She sald

the had done allin her poworto give her daugh-
ee a good education

er father’s company he and his family tried to
Influence heragainat hermother, Shethought
the father should pot have possession of the
child because he had no permanent home, but

ambled a!l over the country, After counsel
bad summed up Mrs. Warliog arose and said

‘Judge, may | say somothing?”

“What about’ osked Justice Marean,

“About ny daring. Oh! Judge, please let
metalk. Tet me tell what I know,’ she sobbed,

“Albright,” sald the Juatica.

Mrs. Waring then resumed her place on the
witness atand, aud her couusel tried to explaia
to herthat she must not say anything except

n denial of thestatements made by Mr. Brown.

he arose rom the witness chair, wrung her
i
€°. my child_ts all I have in this

ermother, Vtltellall, Aftershe

dands and sa
“Op! Jud
orld. I'm

id been with her father she returned to ne

id twitted me about my marriage to Mr,

saring. Shetold me [ was taking a wrong

‘ep andthat I would be sorry. She said her

ither had told her that I had no right to

iarry agala until he was dead

“Two weeks ago, When she learned of these
proceedings, she told me her position was very
embarrassing, and that she did not want to
take the stand for one orthe other. She said
she preferred to be impartial. If she testified
for one, then the other would charge her with
being disloyal. She wants to remain with me
during the school year, and go with her father
during the vacation

“Do not, I heg you, hand her over to the care
of astepmother, I know what that means
My home was ruined by a stepmother. I
had a stepmother over me from thetimo [
wns five years old.”

“The exigenciesof the child's education,”
@aid Justin Marean slowly, “lead me to believe
that she had better remain withthe mother.”

Mrs, Waring misunderstood what he saidand,
becoming hysterical, fell upon the floor. She
was picked up by her husband and Court
Officer Patrick Nolan and earried into Justice
Marenn’s private office

“What was your decision?" asked James

feKeen, counsel for Mr. Brown. Justice

arean popeataa it.and Mr. MeKeen said hea
did not think thut Mrs. Waring was in a very

bad way

“The father is calm in the prospect that he
might lose hia ehild,”’ sald Justice Marean,

while the mother’s heart [3 almost breaking ”

“Do you waot him to ery and go into hyster-
fee!’ asked Mr, MeKeen, ‘This is the most
extraordinary thing I have ever heard,”

“The child may remain with her mother dur-
{ng the achool term and then will be the guest
of her father during the vacation,” said the
CoN fo not think this will

“Ldo notthink thia will satisfy the father,”
paid Mr. McKeen

“No man witha heart in bis breast ean wit-
nessascene Hkethis and not be moved by it,”
remarked the Court, “How the child's father,
in the face of what he has seen, ean ask for
anything else Lo cannot understand They
ought toogree, It'sa most unhappy affair all

round, They ought to take this out of the
courte altogethe: will give the eirl
intd the sole possession of her mother |

unless you agree on your honor that she isto

Whenever the girl wasin |

 

—

THE NEW CUSTOM HOUSE SITE,

 

All the Deedsin Possession of the Govern
ment—Collector Bidwell's Prompt Work.

Wasatvoton, Jan, 22.-The Treasury De-
partment ou Jan, 18 sent an acknowl
edgement to the Hou, George K. Bidwell,
Collector of the Port, of the receipt of
all the deeds and other papers covering the
property located upon the Bowling Green aite,
whero the now Custom House will be erected,
thus closing @ real estate transaction of very
large proportions ina remarkably short time,
when it is taken into consideration that there
were sixteen different parcels on this site,
nearly all of them owned by estates where
five or six heirs were Interessted, residing in
diferent parts of this country and in Europe,
and in some instances minors, who were rep-
resented by guardians,

Immediately after the passage of tho bill by
Congress providing for the eale of the old Cus-
tom house site andthe purchase of the Bowl-
ing Green site, Collector Bidwell interviewed
the owners and reprosentatives of the various
parcels included in the site with the view of
securing from them an option to sell to
the Government at private sale, in order that
the expense and delay of condemnation pro-
ceodings might be avoided, He found them
very much disinclined to meet the Government
in this matter, owing tothe fact that, after the
former condemnation proceedings which were
forced upon them, during which they were put
to considerable expense and trouble pending
their suits,the award was not paid because
it was found that the Government did not have
evough money to acquire the site. Therefore,
feeilug that they had been unjustly
treated by the Government before, it
was diMeult to convince them that it
would now be to thetr Interest to throw
no obstacles in the way of the Govern-
ment acquiring title, After numerous private
conferurces between the Collector and the
owners and their representatives, a meeting
was called by the Collector at which, at the
suggestion of the Collector, they appointed a
committee of their own to interview the parties
in interest and see they would not
agree to accept the amount of the old award,
plus 4 per cent. to cover the increase in
value since that time, at which figure the site
could be purchased safely within the limits of
the present appropriation

The Collector was then confronted with an-
other diflenity. The owners would not, either
fndividually or collectively, sign any agrec-
nent @iving the Government &n option to
purchase at any stated price, Finally, after
many conferences with the commalttee, all the
owners or the representatives of the various
parcels, except two, agreed to Accepta certain
price which in the aggregate, would bring the
amount to be paid for the pfoperty safely within
theappropriation, [t was necessary to do this
because the Secretary of the Treasury could
not purchase and pay forany single parcel un-
til it was definitely ascertained what each of
the other parcels could be purehased for, in
order to be sure thatthe total would not exceed
the amountof the appropriation. Condemna-
tion proceedings were immediately Inatituted
against the owners of the two parcels Who did
not enter into the agreement, and were carried
tou speedy and successful termination

The Treasury Department sent to the Col-
lector to digburae for the purchase of the site
$2.197,000.00, Finally, after the tide to the
property bad been thoroughly searched to the
satisfaction of the Government, all of the
owners or their legal representatives, met in
the presence of the Collector and the peceasary
legal documents of transfer were promptiv
executed. The deeds were then handed to the
Collector, who, in turn, presented the owners
with checks representing the amount of their
respective Interest in the property,
were then recorded in the New York Register’s
office and a duly certified copy of each was for-
warded to the Secretary ef State at Albany to
be filed in accordance with the provisions of
the State law, After closing up some prelim.
inary matters [u conpection with the payment
of water rates, &e., all the deets and papers tn
the matter were sent by a personal representa-
tive of the Collector to Washington, where
they will be placed on permanent Mle, thus
completing the close of the transaction within
a remarkably brief period

At the beginning, all of the business men
with whom the Collector conversed, and all of
the real estate experts who expressed an opin-
ion upon the subject, declared that the prop-
erty could never be purchased within the
limits of the appropriation, which thoy as-
serted wes too amall to cover the property,
The total amount available for the purchase of
the site was $2,100,872.35, Ofthis sum, $1440,
872.55 remained from the | appropriation
provided in a former bill, while tn the present
vet, Congress appropriated an additional
$750,000, The fact is, however, that only
$2.185,534.87 was actually expended by the Co!-
lector, Which amount covered all of the pur
chase price and incidental expenses connected
therewith, and leaves a balanee remaining in
his hands of $1,408.13 to be turned over by
him to the Treasury Department. Tn addition
to this sum, the Treasury Department holds a
balance of $2,872 thus king the entire
vost of the new site $4,540.48 less than the
total amount avaliable for its purchase.

 

 

   
 

IN COURT, TOO,

FIRST WIFK

Queer Pullar Will Case Gone Over Before
Justice Bischoff,

Joseph W. Pallar, who is seeking to set aside
an agreement Ly which he surrendered an in-
terest of about $50,000 in the estate of his al.
leged second wife, Johanna Vullar, ereated
some surprise before Justice Bischoff of the
Supreme Court yesterday when he came to
court with Mary T. Duffy Pullar whom he had
marrie) before he married the testatrix. Pal-
larsays that while drunk he was induced to
give up part of the interest under the will of
Johanna Pullar, by his counsel, Alfred R. Page
and Thomas M. Waller, formerly Governor of

| Conneeticut, counsel for the contestants of the

be returned to her mother at the end of the |

vacation. [donot intend tohave you got the
ehild outside of the jurisdletion of this. State
and then fight it out again in. Maine. Tdon't
want any more than for you, Mr. MeKeen, to
ive me your word of honor, that the child will
© returned,”
Mr. MeKeoen consulted with his client and the
Qgreement was made,
‘Your family sre also bound. by this agree-
ment,” said Justice Marean to Mr. Brown,
‘Tl vouch forthem,” replied Mr, Brown
The ohild then ran across the court room,
kissed her father and returned to her mother.
sshe left the courtroom she was throwing
isses to her father

MISS ADAMS'S PROPERTY,

 

Little Left After Her Donations to the
Daughters of the American Revolution.

NorwaLk, Conn, Jan George LB, St
John, the conservator appointed to look after
the estate of Miss Sarah Adams, finds so little
left that it isdoubtful if more than $2,000 can
be realized fromthe property. This will be
husbanded for her support as soou as the
property can be sol, and when that is used up
the eare of her will devolve upon her
in-law, ex-Congressman Levi Warner of Nor-
walk, and her brothers, Charles Eo Adams of
Greenwich, and John BE. Adams of Middletown,
m. ¥i

Miss Adams is the eldest of five children. She
remained at home with her parenta and looked
after the home while the other children either
marvied or moved out of town, After the death
of her parents she eoutinued to livealone in the

oid farmhouse. All went welluntil Misa Adams
came convinced that the estate was ie
being managed properiy aud as @ result she
applied tothe Norwalk probate court and } ad
vision of the property, About this time she
bh me interestedin geneaiogy and that natur-
ally ted her to take an active intereet in the
work of the Daughters of the American KRevo-
lution. She became a prominent member of
the Norwalk Chapter and lator was identified
With the State branch of the aoclety, She eon.
tributed largely toalleft the worthy objects oft
the society, spending days at atime in doding
the uonmarked graves of Revolutionary soldiers
abd bunting up the ceecords of places along the
coast where memorable battles were fought

oo

  

She becanie so expert at this that every spot of
revolutionary interest near Norwal! : ¢
marked? . orwalk has been
Were

tha bandsometablet, manyof which
with Miss Adama’s money,

rentive tin matters and
ve Way under the atrain, though
hotinal ‘eable way until her brother Joha
wet matried. She brooded over this fret and
Oiten told her friends that now John was gi !
she had noone to go to for advice, She wor.
ried about her brother s affairs continually and
sO0n she became convineed that he was in
trouble and not herself. Finally matters be-
came 60 bod that ahe heart him calling to ber
ithe night and liter she had a decusion to the
effect that he was under the hypaortt fu
enee of ex-Congresaman Warner who ‘was
keeping him away from herand also teving t ’
Work harm tothe entire family. ‘ihis sort of
thing could be endured nowonger and the ap
Diieation for a conservator w © mite Miss
Adams takes the matter very kind!y and feels
that her relatives are doing what they think 1s
best for her but ts deeply grieved Lecause she
Cal mage bo inere donations to the DOA RK
Bock. PF ohe still has considerable trouble With
WBidoly, st visite from her brothe F

tothes:

 

  

    
 

  

bro'her- |

|

} of Johanna at al

will of Johanna
in getting a quarter of the estite under the
settlement dit well, because among the ques-
tions raised was that he was not the husbond
and had not been divorced
wifo he bronelt to court yesterday

Pullur had married Mary T, Duffy on Jan. 1,
1877. He married Johanna Govdwin, widow
of Jonathan Goodwin, a wealthy citizen of
Hartford, Conn, in January, IS She died
on Aug. 24, DSi, leaving out $F0,000, She
gave small bequests to ter father, John Hen-
nessy, and other members of her family and
the vest of her estate to Joseph W. Pullar

Probate of the will was ophos al because it
was alleged that she was falsely led to be-
liove that she was the wife of Pallar and
because of alleged mental toeapacity and un-
due influence

The contract in settlement of the will coutest
was executed at the fmperial Hotel on Oct, 14,
187, Pullarsays he was not only under the
influence of Hquor atthe time, so that he dit

from the

 

The deods |

pi
EEE EEE

| burah,

The counsel say that Pallar. |

THE SUN, TUESDAY, JANUAR

RAPID TRANSIT AFFAIRS,

A DELEGATION GOES TO ALBANY
FOR FURTHER LEGISLATION,

 

 

Corporation Counsel Whalen Thinks There
Is No Necessity for It-Comptroller Celer
Says tho Labor Laws Are to Be Observed
in Tunnel Work— Plans for River Tunnels.

Comptroller Coler, Goorge L. Rives and Al-
bert B. Boardman, representing the Rapid
Transit Ratlroat Commission, willgo to Al-
bany to-day for the purpose of urging the Leg-
islature to pass the bill prepared last week
amending the New York city charter insuch
away astomake it acertainty that the char-
ter will not conflict with the entire controlover
bonds to be issued for building the rapid tran-
sit railroad, which was conferred on the Rapid
Transit Railroad Commission by the Rapid
Transit act of 1801 and the amendments to it.
It is not expected that the bill will mect with
any opposition, as It {s not intended that it
shall change the law In any respect, but merely
remove any uncertaintiss which might aow
be construed to exist because of the provisions
of the charter, which make bond issues subject
to the acts of the Municipal Assembly.

Corporation Counsel Whalen sald yesterday
that as far as he could see the proposed legis-
lation was unnecessary, as there is a special
provision fn the charter to preserve all the
rights of the Rapid Transit Railroad Commis-
sion as these existed at the tline of the passage
of the charter, and he expressed a fear that
the proposed act might really add compilca-
tiona to the situation. He sald that he had not
had time tolook up the situation, but would
do so, andin the meantime would send word to
his representative at Albany, ex-Senator
Thomas Creamer, to look carefully into the
possible effects of tho bill.

Mr. Coler sald that his absence for a day
from hia office could not make any difference
regarding the acceptance of Contractor
MeDonald’s $5,000,000 bond or $1,000,000
deposit, should either be offered during the
day, Mr. Levey, he sald, had power to act for
him inthe matter and was fully Informed re-
garding rapid transit matters. Mr. MeDonald

will probably not be ready to file his bonds
and execute the contract before the Comp-
troller returns, although yesterday he was
busy nearly ail day seeing financial men at
his downtown office and during the afternoou
he nade several visits to banks. He seemed
smiling and comfortable, but said that he had
no newa to impart.

Alexandor E. Orr, President of the Commis.
sion, said vesterday that the rapid extension of
the road to South Ferry and to South Brooklyn
would be taken up as soon 48 the present coa-
tract was executed and work under ic was
under way. “We would need to get the con-
sents of the various city departmenta,” he
anid: “the refusal of the Park Board to permit
us to go under Battery Park prevented this
section being taken up with the other sec-
tions.”’

Comptroller Coler said yesterday that he had
seen it reported in some newspapers that, in
view of the great amount of Jabor that would

be needed in building the tunnel road,
thousands of laborers were to be imported
from Europe. “I wish it to be diatinetly un-

derstood,” he said, in commenting upon thia,
“that all the labor jaws are to be observed by
the contractors on thie work. AsI understand
these, they would prevent the employment of
avy laborers who are not citizens of the
country.”

President Baldwin of the Long Island Rall-
road sald yesterday that his company’s plao
for a tunnel from Maiden lane to Pineapple
street, Brookivn, might be favorably acted
upon by the Municipal Assembly in time for
work to ba begun upon the tunnel about the
same time that Mr. McDonald begins to
earnest on the rapul transit work, “We ex-
pect to know by Feb, 10," Mr, Baldwin said,
“whether the franchise will be granted,
Should ft be, and. the pressure of pnblic
opinion, especiatiy from Brooklyn, where it is
overwhelming, seems to Insure favorable and
prompt action, wo wonld be prepared to goto
work atonce, Our plans are as complete as
those for the tunnel of the commission, and we
are prepared to place 3,000 men at the excava-
tiona and In the Atlantic avenue improve.
ment,”

Arthur C. Hume, who represents the Ter-
minal Railroad and Tunnel Company, said yes-
terday thatthe company had completed plana
for extensions under both the East River and
be Hudson and that these would be laid be-
ore the Rapid Transit Commissioa at its nex
meeting. The plans, he said, did not need the
approval of the Commission, but the company
would value such approval and the coSperation
ofthe Commission because its tunnels would
be virtually extensons of the rapt transit
system,

A resolution will be introduced in the Board
of Aldermen to-day pledging that body to ap-
prove all requisitions for bond issues forthe
rapid transit road when they are presented.

PATILE CREDITORS OF HARPERS

 

File a Petition In Involuntary Bankruptcy
—Claims Only 82,400,

A petition in involuntary bankruptcy was
filed yesterday against Harper & Bros, cor-
poration, publishers of S25 Pearl street, by
Epstein Bros. for the following creditors:
Albert D. Smith, dry goods, $503; Albert Clay.
4, and Robert Rutter & Son, book-
binders, $1,737, Tne claims are all for mer-
chandise sold to the corporation between sent.
12 and Nov, 26 last. Tho claim of Mr. Clay-
burgh was assigned to hlin by Robert J. Free-
man, dealerinoile Itis allegedin the petition
that the corporation committed an act of bank.
iuptev on Dee, 4 last by permitting a reeelver
to be appointed in the Supreme Court becausy
of insolvency, in which petition Harper & Bros
admitted in writing inability to pay thelr
debts and willingness to have the business put
into the hands of areeelver for tha beneftic of
creditors, ana that the feu, while insolvent,
paid money toa person or persons specifically
unknown to petitioners with intent thereby to
give them preference over other creditors

Ppstein liros, said yesterday that one of
the reasons for fling the potition in bank
ruptev f4that thelr clients are not satisfled to
have the State ‘Trust Company act as receiver
forthe corporation for which it was appointed

 

  

, receiver on Dee. 4, becauee the company repre

not comprehend the terms of the contract, but |

in view of threats ofan indict-

that he signe tit
The defendants say that the

ment for bigamy
agreement v
been previous conversations regarding its
terms, at algf whichhe was in sound mental
condition

James I. Farrell of Hartford, testified yes-
terduy that he was of counsel for the father of
the testutrix. I'he conference at. the hotel
lasted several hours and Messrs, Waller, Page
and Pullar were there as well as himself, The
eontonts of the agraement were fully discussed
Drinks were ordered but Pullar took only beer
hey afterward went to the ealé where they
had oysters and more to ik, but Pallar was
sober throughout the evening

QW. Didn't they want to eontest the will
the ground that Pullar was a bigamist?
Yes, and for other reasons

Y. When was the claim first made that he
was a bigamisi? A When the papers were
drawn up fora contest

Mr. Farvell said that before the effort was
begun ta set the willaside he had interviewed
Mary T. Duffy p aller She told him that she
had no divoree from Patiar, and that she had
heard be was married but did not know it to
be She said he was leaving her $5 40
week in a ecigaur store downtown, which she
ealled for. She had said subsequently that she
wonted Vullararreste! for bigamy

No other witness was ealled and

     

    

on
A

sO

 

the case

| went over to to-day

WHALINGERSOLE MIGHT HAVE BEEN,

1. ©. A. Would Have Accepted Him on
His Character, President Finley Says,

8

Y.

The forty-seventh anniversary of the Young
Men's Christian Assomation of New York city
was celebrated last eventng ta Asseviation
Hail in Kast Twenty-third street. President
C,H. Dodge pretided. The halt was filled with
membersoatthe association. The annual re-
Bo showed that there isa inortgage deot o

B20, ol there had been a total expendi

e tor the year of abont two hundred thou-
sand dollars, There are twenty-six branches
of the as-ocration, with 8.400 members, Mra
Johu M. Toueay, the report suid. has promised
to give $10,000 49 4 memoriatof her late hus-
band. An Army benech wee Organized fast
summer to ft after the soldiers stationed
about this harbor 4
John ML Finley, former President of Knox
( og’ in an address, ino whieh he deeiared
thatthe only requirement to join the associa-
tion Was a go dinoral character, sald: “Even
Hob Ingersoll waa eligsble for membership.
Hal betoined I believe we would have econ.
verted him,”

The speaker said that there were 112.000
people in thig borough who make their living
by some sort of villlany,

The Key, De, James M. Buckley also spoke,

 

 

wk

 

 

 

sents the bondholders and tha mo
benefit of the bondheldars and not fur the
weaueralereditors, For thia and various other
reasons the petitioners ask the United States
Court to step in

“The ereditors I represent,” said Tessa
pstein, “are simply determined to einse out
the publishing business becuuse they belleve
they will get 25 cents on the dollar now
and not so much ff the reorganization is
allowed to go on, The reorganization com-
mittee bas been appointed by the secured

 

cage forthe

 

 

   

 

} 80% Third avenue, and Tony Anges

cYeditors, and the elreujar recently issue t |
showed that tha firm could now pay seeured
| creditors 59 cents on the dollar if the good
will brongnt $800,000, 87 cents if it broaghe
nothing, vhe circular showed that ursecared
creditors could now recel 7 cents, If the

ns readto him and thot there bad |

i nearly thires

! seeond floor yesterday

 

receiver is allowel to go on converting the
goods bought of my chents into manninetured
articles then the material js covered by the
morteage held by the seeured creditors.”
When asket about the petitiog last night,

Col G. BM. Harvey saat:
“Those suite will amonuntto nothing Unse-
eured debts amounting to 82.400 do not cut

muchofa figure when the debta foot up to
infilions ‘he State Trust Com-
pany has already reeeived more thin two-
thirds of the unsecured ¢atmaeand the others
will be turned over es Soon HS We come aero
them, Leonor belleve tharthe United states
Court willaetin the matter, and [ would got
be surprised to hear of a number of similar
petitions, Itis simply pecking ou the part. of
afow jitlecretitora and b think they will Sad
such tactios useless,”

DPAD MAN'S POCKETS EMPTI,

He Usually Carried Money and a Watch—
Son Doesn't Belleve a Fall Killed Hina,
Peter Warner of 501 Wast Forty-third street,

au ironworker employed on the building be-

ing erected Park & Tilford at 147 Fifth
avenue, was found dead on the level of tne

The foreman, William

Dislein, found the body at 4 o'clock and at

for

| onee reported to the polive, who removed the

Lone of his sona went to th

body tothe West Thirtie'h street station,
Coroners’ Physician Williams, who viewed
the body there later, found a bruise upon the

head which he said might hava been eansed
blow or by a fall tHe thoughe it was
cuusel by a fail, The foreman said thoe
Warner might have been empioved onthe top
floor of the buliding aod might have tatien
trom a batehway and then have struggied to
the place where his body was fonnd. The
police agreed wth the Coroners’ physician éhat
the death was probably acecide: tal, Warner's
rojations were notified to remove his body and
® police atari

mae the heoveaary orren ‘ments, ation Gas

hoson looked in the dead man’ \

ani diacovered that though his athee pa
carried a siiver watch and $100 in) money, his
poekets were eupty, The police said that no
report had heen made that any valuables were
foun ftonth “y. The son wanted to know
what had become of the watch and the mon y

 
 

 

   

ve
and sugsested that a murder might have heen
vourmitted. The police anid they dida't think
89, but promised to look the case up further

 

Stops the Congh
and works off the Cold,

Laxative Deo no-Quinine Tablet rea col

day. No Cure, No bay, Prive 25¢.~4ue,

  
 

ROBERT WILSON'S WILL STANDS.

 

Surrogate Decides That Sisters Did Not
Influence Testator.

Surrogate Abbott in Brooklyn yosterday dis-
missod the contest of the will of Robert Wilson,
he testator lived with his brother John and
his two sisters Charlotte and Jane, at 320
Greene avenue, They were economical and
put their combined savings into one general
fund, When Robert died he bequeathed the
estate amounting to nearly $1),000 to his two
sisters and brother, The estate was to be
divided into thirds, but John Wilson's share
was left in trust, he only to receive the Income.
He instituted the contest.

Samuel H. Randall, counsel for John Wilson,
testified that he had been engaged for the pur-
pose of breaking the will. If he recovered more
than $20,000 for his client he was to got all
over that amount and if he did not succeed In
recovering $20,000 then he was to receive no
pay for his legal work. He said he visited the
Wilson house on July 12, 1808, and aaw Char-
lotte Wilson, “She said to me,” sald the wit-
ness, “that her brother, Robert, had been a
good brother.” Itold her John had eaid that
Robert treated him harshly, and that he had

tinted them and compelled them, to live on
4a week, I asked them why John had not
een & witness to the will and they satd he was
drunk at the time.

“T said that if Robert could risa from the
rave he would wish them all to live togett er
fr eace and harmony. But they sald John
adn’t patd anything into the fund for ten or
Lanoke to them about the family
h was {n the house when
had disappeared except-
d them it was a strange
1 disappeared, but they
aid they did not know anything about it.
ae told me that Robert had been ina delir-

fifteen years.
account. book whic
Robert died, but whic
ing the covers, to

thing that the book har

uin and once tried to jump out of bed. Thea
told him that John had sail that Robert was
reatly emaciated that he only welghed
elghty-fve pounds when he died.”
The two sisters denied that Robert had
been adrinking man, did they not?”
“Yes, sald the witness, “but I told them
what Fonn had told me. John said that Robert
eptademiohn hidden tn the cellar, hen
e found this out he began totakea little and
then he put water in the demijohn, and subse-
quently Robert puta locker on the cork.’ :
teh denied that that was so; didn’t they?”
va

“Didn't you put yourarm around John when
ho came in and declare what a good feliow he
was?"

“No, air, [did not.”

“Well, you pat your
affectionately?”

“Well, might have done that.”

“You have @ substantial interest in his
enae?”

“T have :

“About how much?”

“about one-third in the event of our suc-

ceas,”’
Surmogate Abbott contended that nothing
had bean brought out to show that the sisters
had influenced Robert and he was positive that
the testator knew what he was doing at the
time. He therefore divmissed the contest,

80

hand on his shoulder

BOY SOUGUT, MISSING 17 TEARS,

Parents Left Him Here When They Went
to Italy and All Trace of Him Is Lost,

4 young Italilan girl hesitatingly entered
Polico Headquarters yesterday afternoon and
once inside the building beganto pourout a
long tale of woeto the policeman on duty in
the hallway. Hevouldn't understand half she
sald, so took her tothe Detective Bureau, where
she began the tale over again before Capt. Me-
Clusky, who did manage to understand her.

She was Margaret Desisto, the 10-year-old
daughter of Antonio and Angelina Desisto,
now living at 10 Roosevelt street, the girl sald,
apd she had come, urged by her mother, to
inquire for a long-lost brother, He was born
alittle morethan seventeen years ago, when
her parents lived in Karner, near Albany, NY,
and was christened Franciseo, When he was
only s.x or Beye monthe old the whole family,

randmother, father and mother, took ship for
Fraly because Francisco's mother was sick and
he was left behlud with a woman named Maria
Coccia at 4) Baxter street. Mrs, Desisto paid
$200 for the boy's maintenance and promised
fo remit more if tt was required, and she
went away feeling Do uneasiness about her boy.

The visit to Ltaly, Which Was meant to lust a
few months, was protracted to a continuons
stay of twelve years. During the greater part
of tbat tine Francisco's mother received let-
ters from the Coecia woman jin which she spoke
in glowing terms of the health, virtue aod in-
telligence of her foster child, yet she did not
ask for moro money, Then the letters ceased,
Vive years ago the family returned to this city
and their first thought wasto look for Fran
viaeo, Bot no treee of him was to be found,
The house at 41) baxter street had disappeared
to make room for Mulberry Beud Park, but
old neighbors said (hat the Coceia Woman had
turned little rbciseo «over to a charitable
institution three months after the departure of
his parents and that she herself had died a
few years later, With this inquiries ended for
the time being

“Why did your parents not inquire here?”
the girl wos asked, ui

“They dared vot,” she sald. None fin the
family spoke Tnglish but herself and they
could not ask for Franciseo among their own
people When she grew older and bad learned
the language, she Went to the Commissioner of
Charit lle sent her to the Children’s 8
elety, and there they told her to write out the
whole thing, When she had done so they
wrote back and salt thatthey didn’t know any-
thing about tt,

“Dilid not know where togo after that,” said
the gir, “Bat yesterday some kind of a detec.
tive cameo to our house to ask for a boy who
had not gone to sehool, | asked him if he
was o real polica detective officer, and he
showed me his budge. And then T asked him
what todo, and he said: ‘Go to 800 Mulberry
street’ Sow hero Lam: do you think you ean
help us to tind Francisco?”

Her story was piaeud on record and efforts
will be made to trace little Francises,
supposed to be in the care of some Catholic in-
stitution,

  

 
  

O-

 

PLEVATOR FAULTS FOUR STORIES,

Four Workmen Go Down With It and All
Are Slightly Injured,

for carrying building
material in the new Bash Ballding at the
foot of Forty-second street, Brooklyn, fell
from the fourth floor to the cellar yesterday
ony Marwkella, 28 yours old,
atreet; Rafiet Besta, 34 veara olf, of SO North
Second street: Louis Depello, 19

An elevator used

  

 

U4 years
old, of SO’ Third avenue, who were on the
elevator were brulsed About the body, The
were attended by an ambulance surgeon and
allleftfor home exvept Angelo, who was re-
moved tothe Norwegian Hospital,

ACTS GENTLY ON THE

KIDNEYS, LIVER

AND BowELs -
GLEANSES THE SYSTEM
<SD EFF ECTUALLY,

Saf Seto
DisPEt z Ia $2
cvs GOLD: He pacer ERS

“

OVERCOMES |) 4 & F ar
ot IsTIPATIO

HA (
SITUAL co PERMANENTLY.
40 GEp

Buy THC GENVINE=-MAN'F DO OY

GurBRNIA fic SvrvPC
wi BY iCrgy ge IMCS at LOOn
Ver Sale by all Druggiats, Prive, Sue, pes bottle

 

|
|

He is |

of S88 Mulberry |

years old, of |

GEORGE B, EYRE'S MURDER.

NO REAL LIGAT ON THE MYSTERY
OF THE MARSH CRIME,

ecmmemememennane
The Man Had Been Shot, aud His Body
Weighted Before Being Put Into the
Water—Knots Tied by Sailor-Letter
Clue in Philadelphia—Motive for Deed.

Purapenpata, Jan, 22.—The police author!-
tloa of Cheater, Pa., and Gloucester county, N,
J., are oxerting themselves to discover some-
thing that will lead to the apprehension of the
murderer of George B. Eyre, whose body was
found yesterday on the shore of Cadwalader
Island, near Bridgeport, after having been
missing since Dec, 23, when he started to go
gunning for ducks on the Delaware River.
Yhat he was murdored there {s no doubt.
The post mortem to-day showed that a heavy
chargeot No. 5 shot had been fired into his
head, blowing away the left side of the skull,

What the motive for the murder was tsa
mystery. Apparently it was robbery, for
Eyre’s watch and rivg and pin are gone, but
there are those who believe that there war a
more sinister motive and that was hinted at in
a letter that was received by the Chief of Police
of Chester on the morning of Jan. 2, which said
that the body would be found near the mouth
of Raccoon Creek, where, as o matter of fact,
it was discovered. This, the police say, was
only acoincidence, and they deny that they
placoany valuo upon the letter; but there
{a no doubt that it is regarded as one
of the two tangible clues that there are
to work upon, The other is slight, but may be
of some use. It Is tho manner in which the

rope about the legs ofthe dead man was tied
and the way in whch the noose that held the
weight that was attached to the legs was made,
These, {t is said, were made by ao river man
well accustomed to making. knots on. aail
boats. Thetying was dono clumsily, but the
method used indicates a man accustomed to
handling ropes.

Eyre, so far as ia known. had no enemies, but
the letter received by Chief Berry, which was

oat-markeid Philadelphia and was matied at
fighth and Columbia avenue, states that
oa ousy was tho motive of the murder. Eyre
hn a friend here, Miss Carrie Panconst, 1012

alrmount avenue, and the morning of the
day pe disappeared he was at ner house and
told her that he he had bought her a diamond
ring for ® Christmas present. He a'xo
told her that he was going back to Ches-
ter to go gunning for ducks with James
Pierce. Miss Pancoast has a woman friend
whom she frequently viaited and who lived at
Tenth and Berks streets, her house being
within three blocks of the station at which the
letter was matled, This woman, Mrs, Clara
Lawrence, knew kyre and the friendship be-
tween him and Misa Panconst, but she denies
that she wrote the letter. On thenlght befora
Fyre disappeared he and a friend, Ralph
Scotuey, spunt the evening at the home of Miss
Pancoast, Secotney bulng the guest of the sister
of Miss lancoast.

James Pleree denies that he saw Eyre on tho
day bo went gunning for the last time, but he
acknowledges having used the boat that was
stolen from the Alpha Club boathouse, So far
the method of tying the knots and loop and
the letter are the only clews,

The autopsy showed that not only had the
load of shot been fired into. the head but that
the head had been pounded with a blunt tn-
atrument that broke the skull in the back into
many fragments. The man was dead before
being putin the water.

GO TO SOUTH AFRICI,

Disappearance of a Clerk at Stamford Who
Once Was in the British Army,

Sramrorp, Conn, Jan, 22.—It is supposed
that the war in South Africa is responsible in a
measure for James M. Fitzgerald becoming a
thief. He left Stamford on Saturday evening
with acompan!on and about $350 of his em-
ployers’ money and many think he hae started
for South Africa. Fitzgerald came to America
a few years ago from England and obtained
employment with tho firm of Hamill «
Gillespie in New York. He served in the office
as ashipping clerk and in other capacities and
was fully trusted by the firm. A few months
ago he was transferred tothe company's Stam-
ford manufactory atthe Waterside mills, and
there acted inthe capacity of shipping clerk,
also performing other duties of a responsib'o
kind. He had uo bad habits. His most inti-
mate companion was Frank Carroll, who was
algo his roommate, a

it was the custom for Fitzgerald to hand the
men atthe mills their wages every Saturday,
On Saturday aiternoon Mr, Gillesple of the
firm had some business in Stamford and
he brought the money with him and delivered
ittothe mills. The envelopes contained about
$550. Atabout 4 o'clock Fitzgerald took the
pay envelopes at the oMee and it was supposed
that he had gone into the mills to pay the men
Halfan bour Jater it was discovered that the
envelopes had not been delivered, | It was
thought then that Fitzgerald might havo
stumbled off the dock and a search was made
At the nce it was found that he had changed
hia shoes, but his hat and overcoat were in
their usual place. Tt was learned from a hack
man at the station that Fitzgerald had hired a
hack at the livery stable and in company with
Carroll had driven to South Norwalk. Inquiry
at South Norwalk showed that the men had
boarded a train for Bridgeport and at Bridge-
gore it was learned that they had started for

foston by way of Sprinwfleld. He was onev
in the English Army and had
bravery.

STOLE TO

 

medals for

CARNIEGIE'S OV FER ACCEPTED,

He Will Build a $60,000 Public Library
at Past Orange.

oo

Brten Cuuneu, N.J., dan By a unani-
mous vote to-night the Bast Orange City Coun-
cil aceepted the offer of Andrew Carnegie to
build a $50,000 public library here, The offer

was communicated to the Couneil by Mayor

Edward EF. Bruen, who stated that Mr,
Carnegie had mace it as a mark of
appreciation to his friend, Alexander King

The coune!! decided to raise one-fifth on each
dollar of taxation for three years, and at the
expiration of that time to raise $5,000 an-
nually to support the institution,
torms of Mr, Carnegie’s offer a site must be
wovided forthe library. and this. will be paid
for by public sutseription, Mayor Bruen
named the following as the board of trnatees
of the library to serve unth bos: Indeed
Franklin. Fort,. Alexander King, David 5,
Walton, Edward ©. Stantey, Col, Charioa A,
sterling, Harry To. Ambrose, 7, Co Lyons,
Frederick M. Shepard and Robert W. Hawkes-
worth,

As soon as the proposition was submitted
Dr. J. M. W. Kitchen hastened to disavow pub-
lished statements that he considered Mr. Car-
negie’s offer an insult. He declared he had
always favored a pubdlie library end wanted
one now, but that he thought $5,000 a year too
muen to raise to support it. He thought Mr
Carnegie would submit to a modification of
this provision if it was submitted to him,

American Taltlors to Exhibit at Parts,

A committee appointed by the Merchant
Tailors’ National Exchange of the United
States yesterday, ata meeting at the Waldorf-
Astoria decided that an exhibitshould be mado
at the Paris Exposition, and Commissioner-
General Peck has awarded spaee for the pur-
pose, The committee ta composed of FB
Twyeffortof New York, Frank D. Somers of
Boston and Frank T. Sehaub of Chicago,

The Weather.

Fair weather prevailed overall the country
terday, save fora Hight fall of rain in Oregon ant
Washington. There was no storm moving thia way
although the pressure was low from Minneaote
eastward overthe lakeaand Canada; elsewhere it
was high

Freezing temperatures were reported yesterday
morning f m Philidelphia northward, taking in all
of New York and New Enygland.and alao a sinall part
of the Upper Mississipp! and Missouri valleys, In
the afternoon it was above freezing point through
out the entire country. There is no reason to eapect
acold wave for several days at least,

In this city the day wae fair and warmer; average
humidity, U8 per cent,; wind southwesterly; average
velocity, sixteen miles an hour; barometer cor-
rected to read to sea level ata A M., 30.26;3 P.M
80.24

The temperatura as recorded by the official ther-
mometer, antalso by THe Sry'sthermoumoter at the
street level, ia shown in the annexed table:

yea

-CDital Sun's Ofheval Sun's
190°, 1899, 4900 1h), 1997 3900,
oA. Maw? aa 87°, OP. M 4%? 4“ “?
12M uv 4° 40) OW PM we au 4
oP. M 48 40? 45°02 Mid 87 42 ai?

WARHINGTON FPORTCAST FOR TO-DAY AND Tie Mornow,

For New England, partly cloudy to-day, fair and
colder Wednesday; fresh to brisk southwest winds,

Por eastern New York, fair today and Wednesday;
colder Wednesday; freth to brisk southwest winds

For eastern Pennsylvania, New Jersey, the Dia-
triet of Columbia, Delaware and Maryland, fair,
with moderate teniperature to-day: fresh south ty
southwest winds; Wednesday fairand colder

For western Pennasy!vania, eastern New York and
Olio, fair to-day, with fresh to brisk southwest
winday,s-night and Wednesday, colder and partly
cloudy, with snow near the lakes aud brisk north.
West winds,

oo

Lauder the |

 
 

desk of the century,
The Hale.

HALE CO.,

Desks at export prices,
15 Stone Street,
next Produce Exchange.

————_—

GOLF,
What It Costs for «a Vardon Exhibition
Committee Appointed by U. 8. G. A

Vardon's visit was the ono toplo among the
golfers yesterday, There is no doubt but that
he will be asked to play an exhibition match
or two about New York before he goes to
Florida, R. B. Kerr, President of the Lake-
wood Golf Club, said yesterday that it was
likely w purse would be offered by his club for
an exhibition by Vardon. The summary of
the opinions of the other clubmen interviewed
was that they would all be glad to see the
English champion play, but not one was will-
ing to state that his club would put up a purse
foramatch, The one tangible outcome of the
various remarks was that the Garden City

Golt Club would be glad to have Vardon play
at Ita links against the beat ballot wo amateurs
to be selected, presumably H. M. Parrimag
aud a Fupning mere pelor 9 argon anos
tart on his Southorn trip. .
hibition by Vardon is understood to be be-

tween $200 and $300,

MaaGnouta BrRINGS, Fla, Jan, 22.--With fair
weather the West Coast golf tournament
openad to-day, While the number of entries
waasmalierthan looked for it included the
names of Willie Smith of Chicago, open cham-
sion and George Low of Ore Meadow,
Brooklyn. This was enough to insure interest
to apectators, The event had been changed to
an open one to include amateurs and players.
At the first nine holes inthe qualifying round
Smith was leading with a score of 41. closely
followed by George Low with 43. ‘The ordor
wae reversed, however, at the end by Low
making 87 and Smith 41. thereby giving to
Low the medal prize of $25 on a total o 80,
The latter played a first-clasa game, character-
ized by long, steady drives. The course was
in fairly good condition. ‘The scores follow:

Gross, Heap. Net.
George Low, Dyker Meadow.......+ 48 87 sO
Willie Smith, Chicago sevecore OF 41 &2
Harry Rawlins, Tere . a4 an wo
Joseph Mitchell. Jacksonville...... 47 45 hd
Bion H, Barnett, Jacksonville AS as v7
Launcelot J, Servis, Kinsimmee.... 52 ah v7
Harold Brown, Maynolia ... 62 47 ww
Col, J. 8. Gillespie, Kissimmee , 40 50 100
lasac Brereton, Jacksonville s+» OF hb 1
Pht] Honeyman, Magnolia........, 60 62 112

The scores at match play, elghteen holes,
this afternoon were:

Low beat Smith, ¢ up and 1 to play; Rawlins beat
Mitchell, 3 up and 2 to play; Brereton beat Brown,
5 up and to play; Gillespie beat Burlock, 4 up
and 4 to play, Servis beat Honeyman, 7 up

Bion H. Barnett, who defeated Watson at
St. Augustine, drew the bye and will play
Rrereton to-morrow, eighteen holes. Low and
Rawlins will meetin # thirty-six hole match
for a prize of $100, Gillespie will play Servis
eighteen holes. The prize for amateurs will
be silver plate.

W. B. Thomas. President of the U, 8G, A.
appointed yesterday ag the Nominating Com-
mittee, to report at the annual meeting on
Feb, 28, Mesars. Samuel L, Parrish, Shinne-
cock Hills Golf Club; A. L, Ripley, Oakley
Country, Club, and William H. Sands, Country
Club of Westchester.

A committee meeting of the Laurence
Harbor Country. Club was held — yes-
terday. Col. G. B, M, Harvey, President of the
North Jeraey Shore League, of which M. M
Singer of the Laurence Harbor Club is cham-
ion, was elected to membership. ‘The follow-
ng committees were elected:

Greens—H. C. Villepigne, Jr., John M. Ward, BE. B.
Alvord, F.. 8. Douglas and EF. T. Wilson.

House—M. M. Simyer, J. Bradley Patterson and
Charles F. Wildey, Jr.

A special meeting of the Staten Island
Cricket and Basebali Club was held yesterday
at the Coffee Exchange. It was understood
that no effort was made to pay the interest on
outstanding indebtedness, but no report of the
proceedings Was furnished tothe press, Eu-
gene L. Richards, President of the club, has
peep confined to his home by illness for a fort-
night.

 

Basketball Notes,

At Catskill on Saturday night, the Yale team was
defeated by the Sixteemth Separate Company, by a
score of 14 to 10

The Lone Stara wish to book a few out-of-town
games with good teams average weight, 130
pyre. Address Capt. W. H. Pollock, Matteawan,

The Kensington A. C. wonld like to arrange games
with teams averaging between 115 and 120 pounds
Address Henry Burkitt, Fast Fleventh street, between
Avenues © and D, Brooklyn

Through hayiug many fouls called on them by the
referee, the Warlow A. C. players lost_a game to the
Keystone five at Whitestone on Saturday bight. The
score wae: Keystone A.C, 18; Warlow A.C, 8.

The Second Avenue A. A. has several open dates,
and desire to close them with first-class registered
pleyers, up-State, New Jeraey aud Connecticut
teams, and Dreacnanght A. C, of Now York, pre-
ferred, Address C. C. Zanzinger, manager, 344g St,
Mark's place, New York.

Yhe Fourth Separate Company team of Yonkers
continucd ite winning streak in the armory on
Saturday night by defeating the strong tive of the
Seventeenth Separate Conipany of Flushing, Took-
erofthe FPlushing® waa the only plaser of his team
to do clever work, Theseor: was: Fourth Separate,
Js; Seventeenth Separate, a,

Two games were played inthe East New York ¥
M.A. gymnasiins on Saturday night, Both result-
ed in vietories for the Christions. The frat game
between the Active five of Paterson and the Twenty-
sixth ward second teara waa won by the latter by a
ove of IStodl The Nassan Wheelmen and the
firatteam then Linod up. In the first halt,with the seore
ston in theiefavor, Drummond objected to a decis-
jon of Refiyee Wiede and upon thety refusal to
abide by his ruling he awarded the game to the first
team by a acore of 2 to 0

 

  
  

“

 

VOU PRACTICALLY RUY NO RISK,

As the chanves are very much morethan favor-
anle for filling your Hotel or Boarding House
with desirable patrons if you place your adver-
tising in THe SUN's columns, 4dr,

   

i

,

152

RACING,

 

Odom Pilots Wolhurst to Victory at New
Orleans.

New Or.eans, Jan, 22.—Ideal racing weather
and ao unusually attractive card brought outs
large Monday crowd this afternoon, The feature
of the programme was the one mile handicap,
The heavy betting was divided between Laue
reate and Wolhurst, the latter having a shade
the better of it at the post. Compensation and
Jimp were at bia prices. San Durango, who
likes about six anda half furlongs, piloted the
field by three lengths for that distance, when
Odom let out alink on Wolhurst and went te
the front, winning without exertion. Laureate
caught 8an Durango on the wire and got the
place by a nose. Cotton Plant, the even money
choice in thy first race, was pounds the beat
horse, but was handicapped by poor handling
by Harehberger. By George, third cholce, well
ridden by A. Weber, won inadrive from Lexiag-
ton Pirate by ahalflength. Alex won the sece
ond race after a brush with Magic Light, a 30
tolashot, Admetus, played for a good thing

eat the favorite and freak McConnell a half

eng n the op mf e apd an f My Face

elle Ward won the fth in a gallop. Diggs,
second choice in the last race, won with ease,
Summaries:

Firat Race—BSelling; siz furlonge—By , 68
(Weber), 5 to 1 and&toS, won; Lexington te,
101 (Frost), 6to 1 for place, second; Cotton Plant,
v4 (Harehberger), third. Time, 1:1644.

Secomd Baco—Three-year olds; six and one-haif
furlonge—Alex, 114 (Clawson), 4to 56 and out, won;
Magic Light, 110 (James), 6 to 1 for place, second;
Bidpey Lucas, 122 (Boland), third. Time, 1:38

Third Rece~ Ballin ; one and one-eighth miles—
Admetus, 104 (Winkfield), »to5 and 2 to 6, won
Frank McConnell, 102 (Odom), 7 to 10 for pices,
second; King Elkwood, od (Geifers), third, Time,

Fourth Race—Handioap; one mile Wolbart 108,
(Odom), ¥ to 5 and 8 5, won: Laureate, 103 Dupes),
4 to 5 for place, second; Ban Durango, 112 (Boland),
third, Time, 1:46.

Fifth Roco—Four year olde and upward;
furlongs—Belle Ward, 106 (Frost), 4t0 1 and
won; Match Box. 104 (Winktield), 6 to 1 for
second; Free Lady, 106 (Wedderstrand),

Time, 1:80,
six furlongs—D

soves
6 to 6,

Peace:
hird,

Sixth Race—Selling: . 108
(Mitchell), 18 to 5 and & to 10, won; Corlalis, 10)
(Beifers), 7 to 5 for place, second; Jim Gore Il., 114
(Winkfield), third. Time, 1:15%.

The programme for to-morrow follows:

First Race—One mile and a sixteenth; selling
Col. Frank Waters, 101; Frontman, Teutone and
Friar Joho, vs; Bob Lyons, King kik 00d. Voy
ageur, Tonto and Astor, 06; Jennie F., 98; Claroba,

v1.

Second Race-Two miles; sell Albert Vale,
118; Our Nellie, 108; Atlantusand Etidorpha, 101;
School Girl, 98; Howiteer, 05.

Third Kace—Handicap hurdle; one mile and an
eighth—Julins Omar, 155; Cheesemite, 144; Joe
Bell, 140; Glover Vendig and Tophet, 184; Terreon,
144; Jim Hogg, 180.

Fourth Kace—Handicap; six 10 bells of Man 120;

  

fan Durango, 111; Algarette, 110; eof Memphis,
100; Sir Christopher, 104; Ed land ID, 102;
Village Pride. v: Dolly Wiethoff, 93; Lampwick,
*Leila Smith and *Virgie Dixon, 90,

‘Jurisich's entry.

Fifth Race—One mile; selling—George B. Cox an
Rangno II., 112; Jim Conway, 109% Bright Night an
Sir Blaze, 107; Native Son, 104; Moureltoff. 102.

Sizth Race--One mile and @ sixteenth: selling—
Jimp, 111; Nekarots and Village Pride. 104; Can 1
Bee ‘Em, 104; Traveller, 103; Ool. Cassidy, 101;
Fewness, 100; Juanetta, 09; Deyo and Miss Ross, vay
Harry Preston, 05.

 

 

Yellow Tail Wins a Good Race.

Sax Francisco, Jan. 22.—The racing game shifted
to Vakland thia afternoon. The feature was the
Follansbee High Weight Handicap for all ages,
Fred Foster's Yellow Tail ran a remarkable race.
The big chestnut three-year-old picked up 123
pounds and ran seven furlongs in 1:26,a new Cali-
sornia record. True, he beat F. W, Brode by only s
longth, but he had lots left at the fuish,while Brode
wae driven out to the last inch, Foster's colt was
well played, opening at 8 to 1 and closing at 844 and
4to}, Other winners were: Saul of us, Tom
Cromwell, Merops, Bessie Lee and the Fretter. Cor-
morant was played fora good thing in the last race,
but quit at the end after leading # wood partoft the
way. Saul of Tarsus was the only favorite to win,

Ice Yachts Racing on Urange Lake,

Newsuran, Jan, 22.—There were two ice
yacht races salled on Orange Laketo-day for
new prizes. The ice was a trifle aoft, but a
good wind cae from the South. The first con-
test was for a gold timing watch offered by
Commodore Higginson, the only conditions
being that the ten miles over the triangular
course should be sailed in 35 minutes, and to
be won three times before becoming the prope

erty of the winner. The Commodore announced
thathe would enter his boats in the race but
not to compete for the trophy. The entries
were;

Kernaban’s Troubler, Higginson’s Windw
Ramadell's Ice Queen, Wood's Flying Jib, bh
son's Cold Wave, Walesh’s Arctic, Kidd’s Snowe
drift and Stebbins’s Ice King.

All were sailed by their owners except th
Cold Wave, which had Cant. O'Brien'in the
cockpit, and the Ice Queen with Capt. Smith at

8

the tiller, The Windward made the distanc

in fine style in 34 minutes and 57 seconds, an

on corrected time she had outaailed the ucts
Snowdrift by 47 seconds, The other boats
were far behind.

The second race was for a new prize offered
by Capt. O'Brien. It is a handsome burgee,
Che entries were the same as in the first
contest with the exception of the Windward,
which had dropped out. It was a handicap
and the Arctic covered the course in 4
minutes, The Snowdrift was second ang the
Viying Jibthird. By corrected time the Flying
Jib won from the Aretie by 12. seconds,
und the Snowdrift was third. The others were
not timed. The Flying. Jib led the floet for
three laps at the start and putup a good race,

 

 

in
re

uy

\
)

affected.

did him little good.

end projong life. One wives relief

no subetioite

SB8oe VTTVTVSSVSVSSSESSSESSESSSSSSSSSSSSSssosqsssssessesesses

Staaeeere eT tee eee ree ee eee

  

The stomachs of children sometimes get
out of order and the whole system becomes
A gentleman living in Brooklyn,
N. Y., says Ripans Tabules cured his boy and
relates these facts in the case.
who suffered with pains in his head, had con-
stipation and complained of his stomach. Food
He was thin and of a
saffron color. A friend recommended Ripans
Tabules and ! am anxious to acknowledge the
curative power of the medicine.
only relieved, but actually cured my youngster,
The headache disappeared, his bowels and
stomach are in good condition,
ravenous and he is a red, chubby-faced boy. I
attribute all to the use of Ripans Tabules.”
Wit ilps Soe eee let "ANE ot LRN Wate tay

one thousand teetimoniale will be mailed to
Nipane Chemical (o , No. 19 Spruce 8:,, New York.

SVT TTVOVHOOSO880000005OO00000O88

Sees

 

REP-ANS |
CURED

THIS
YOUNGSTER.

“TI have a boy

Ripans not

His appetite is

They banish pain
on th acre

be had at any dry sore, ten eames ana
ay address for 5 cents, forwarded. to the

SOS TFBS SFSOF58F SF 58665888 S 58S F5OE8SE5585688E8