SL

ToO0,

TUESDAY, JANUARY 25,

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpald.

DAILY, per Month......
DAILY, per Year
BUNDAY, per Year
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month occ
untries added,

Turn Sus, New York City,

90 50

800
70

Postage to fovengn «

Pants—Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and

Bivaque No. 10, Boulevarde des Capueine

J! our frrends who favor us with manuscripts for

publication with lo hay cote artielea returned, they
mustinal! cased stanmpe tor that purpose
=

Mr. Bryan's Visit to New York,

The arrival of Mr, Bryan in New York
yesterday Ciffers from his arrival here in
1806 in the circumstance than now he
comes simply as a candidate for the Demo-
cratic nomination for President, whereas
then he was beginning hi ® canvass us the
actual nominee, Practicaily, however, he
is no less the standard bearer of the Demo-
cratic party in 1900 than he was in the
campaign of 1886, As yet he has not
received his new commission, but) only
because the convention with the authority
to issue it has not yet assembled,

Ever since the defeat of Mr. Bryan in
1806 his renomination in 1900 has been
fpevitable. Though beaten, he drew to
himself by far the greatest vote ever cast
for a Democratic candidate, alter a cam-
paign fought by that party with an enthu-
plasm never before exceeded in the whole
history of its existence. Moreover, he
brought to it more than a million Populist
and Silver Republican allies who stillremain
with it and whose votes it will, perforce,
consider in its nomination to be made in
July, and, obviously, the only candidate who
can keep them,in line with the Democracy

is Mr. Bryan. |

When Mr. BRYAN came here in 1806 this
was “the enemy's country” in his estima.
tion, but it is so no longer, Undoubtedly,
many Democrats, some in Tammany Hall
itself, would prefer another candidate for
the coming campaign, but when the National
Pemoeratic Convention meets the delega-
tion from the State of New York will not be
against him as it was in 1806, When his re-
nomination may
that the the
delegation will be him. Preferences
for another eandidate may ox:
pressed among New York Democrats, but
they will not be expressed in the conven.
tion next July. New York, with every
outward demonstration of enthusiastic ap-
proval, will join in making his renomina-
tion by acelamation, for there is not the
slightest indication of any organized op-
position to him in that party, When he
leaves New York after his visit that fact
will be established to tho satisfaction of
every Democratic politician in the town,
even if it is not understood by him
already.

Mr. BRYAN comes hither as a harmonizer
andas such he will be successful so far as
concerns the regular organization in both
the city andthe State, The delegation tothe
National Convention will be a solid Bryan
delegation. Having become convinced that
his renomination is inevitable all hands will
toss up their hats over it. Any utterance
which Mr. Bryan now makes as to Dem-
ocratic policy will therefore have the impor.
tances ofan utterance by the foreordained
Democratic leader in the campaign of
1900,

be assumed
New York

is made, it
full vote of
for
now be

 

 

The Ownership of the Custom House
Property.

A dispute has arisen between our Tax
Commissioners and the National City Bank,
respecting the ownership of the property
in this city now occupied by the United
States Government as a custom house,
The Commissioners assert that the prop-
erty belongs to the bank and have, there-
fore, assessed it for taxes upon a valuation
of $2,000,000, The bank asserts that the
property still belongs to the United States,
and is, therefoye, exempt from taxation,
both under the Federal Constitution, and
under the laws of this State.

The facts of are these: The
United States Government, requiring
larger accommodations for itseustom house
business in this city, than it now possesses,
has purchased a site for a new building,
and is at work erecting one, whieh will
not be ready for occupancy for three or
four years. As the present custom house,
however, will then
Congress, about a year ago, passed an act
authorizing the sale of it to the highest
bidder, after due advertisement, but for not
less than $8,000,000, and providing that,
“in case of such a sale the Secretary of the
Treasury shall lease said premises from
the purchaser or purchasers thereof, at a
rental whieh shall exeeed four per
cent, per annum on the purchase price, for
use as acustom house until the new custom
house shall be ready for oceupaney, upon
such terms as he may deem advantageous
and such sale shall be subject to sueh right
of lease.”

The prescribed formalities having been
observed and the National City: Bank's bid
of $3,265,000 for the property being the
highest, the property was awarded to the
bank and a contract for its purehase dated

the case

be no longer needed,

not

Aug. 18, 1800, was duly executed by the |
Secretary of the Treasury and the bank
about Nov, 1, 2890, The contract pro-
vided for the payment of $150,000 cash

down, $600,000 more within ten days: and
the b
of the deed, the bank
anticipate payment of the

nee of 82 APA O00 on

 

the delivery
the right to
halance atans

having

  
 

  

  

time, in whole or in part. Then followed |
this stipulation
Ip case of the payment of the entire balance da
before the completion and pa of the new
custom house the United States shall deliver the said
deed to the bank, provided t ha at the time of
paying such balance shall execute and deliver tot
United Sates a lease of the old cust lise proy
erty at au annual rental of $1 elnu 4 per
cent, onthe purchase price of $4,.2¢ , payable
annually fora tern whieh «ball nutil t
new custom shall } eady for ocenpaney
Meantime, and until the pa tint t wd
purchase money and the executier t delivery «
Giich lease, t United Stat lhavet right to
continue ia ! nib ¢ '
ml lasa litton
Ypay the t kannnall "
a4) ent the ai nt of said
And t 1 payment by the
wha t tll pay to
tattl fe ef ds porcent
per annum. payable annie st heeotsnch |
Dirchase pr ' tind ‘yal
Although the contract dated Aug. 1S,
LS00, It Was not executed eon satel
until about Nov. 1, 1s still, the bank,

@m Aug. 19, 19¥0, placed to the credit of

t

arnis
’

$3,215,000 on account of the purchase,
leaving due a balance of $50,000, the presi-
dent of the bank notifying the Secretary of
the Treasury of this credit, and adding the
suggestion; ‘We shall make the above
payment of $4,215,000 upon the under»
standing, of course, that we are not to be
liable for any taxes or water rates upon the
property, so long as you remain in posses.

| sion and the balance of $50,000. remains
600 | unpaid and the deed is undelivered.” To
teeenes 200 | this

notice the Seeretary replied on Aug.
21, 1800, that “the Department's under-
standing of the matter isthe same as yours,
viz; that so longas the title remains vested
inthe United States you will not be liable
for taxes or water rates,”

The fact, that the $3,215,000 thus cred-
ited to the United States, was not actually
paid over to the Treasury in money, but
remained in the bank, subject to cheek, like
other deposits in depositary banks, secured
by United States bonds under See, 45 of
the National Bank act, has no bearing, it is
evident, on the question of the present
ownership of the custom house, It would
seem, that, according to the terms of the
contract, the United States, not having
given the bank a deed of the property, and
being still in the possession and occupancy
of it, isstill the owner of it, and that it is,
consequently, not liable to taxation.

The question still, however, remains: By
what authority was the provision Inserted
in the contract for paying the bank interest
on the purchase money, without taking
from it a lease, as the act of Congress
directed? The act contains no such author-
ity, and it mentions 4 per cent. interest on
the purchase price only as the measure of
the rental under a lease and not as interest
for the use of the money, Nor has Con-
yress yet made any appropriation for pay-
ing either the rental or the interest,
although Secretary GaGE says that he has
asked for one in his estimates. He at first
insisted that the words ‘‘subjeet to appro-
priation by Congregs be inserted in’ the
stipnlation for the $180,600, but at the
earnest solicitation of the bank officers, he
consented to omit them, When the subject
comes up for consideration in Congress, ob-
jection to the payment will undoubtedly be
made, and it ought to be made,

It would seem, therefore, that if the bank
would secure the stipulated $130,600 a
year it must accept a deed of the property,
give back a lease and pay the tax demanded
hy the city authorities, The tax at the ex-
pected rate of $2.35 per $100, will be only
$47,000 a year, so that the bank will have
a profit of $83,600 a year on its invest-
ment of $8,215,000, without counting the
interest it may make by lending out the
$8,215,000 deposited with it) as publie
money, The‘ understanding” between the
president of the bank and the Secretary of

ithe Treasury, that the bank shall not be

liable for taxes and water rates, so long as
the property remains in the possession of
the United States, is, of course entirely
hugatory as against the city authorities.
Their right to tax the property cannot be
defeated by any agreement to which they
do not consent and are not parties,

Fighting and Praying.

The Metropolitan, or presiding prelate, of
the Canadian branch of the Church of Eng-
land has appointed the second Sunday in
February, or Feb, 11, ‘as a day of
special supplications for the happy ending
of the South African War.” Meantime Gen.
BULLER is fighting to bring it to a conclu-
sion favorable to the British, or the ending
forwhich, of course, the Canadian Anglicans
will pray, since upon the suecess or failure
of his present movement the issue of the
whole contest depends, That question, too,
is likely to be settled one way or the other
before the Canadians begin to send up
their supplications two weeks from next
Sunday,

Whether, then, that day of prayer is to be
for them aday of thanksgiving or of humili-
ation depends on the soldiers, the guns and
the strategy of Gen, BULLER, and the event
will be no more intluenced by the Divine
overruling than are any other human hap-
penings. This we do not say in any spirit
depreciative of the office and importance of
prayer, but simply because it is a faet,
While the Canadians are praying inthanks-
giving or in penitential sorrow and dis-
tress, the Boers will be praying to the
same overruling Providence, but the event
which would bring rejoicing to the Cana-
dians and for which they would render
praise to Gop as the Author of their
good fortune or the outeome which would
fill their hearts with grief as chastisement
administered by Gop in the inseruta-
ble ways of His Providence, would be in-
terpreted in exactly the other way by the
Boers. They are people witha faith in Divine
Providence and in the actual interference of
Gop in human affairs which exeeeds in
its completeness the faith of most Chrise
tians of this day whetherin Canada or else-
where in Christendom, As they rest inthe
intervals of battle they sing hymns of
praise to Gop and offer prayers to Him in
a spirit of subjection to the Divine will.

Both President KRUGER and Gen, JoUBERT
are preachers of religion and it is to
Gop that they look for guidance in this
war, They are like the Covenanters of old
and go out to battle looking to Him as their
leader and trusting absolutely to His merey
and wisdom, but keeping their powder dry,
Every day is a day of prayer with them-

| almost every hour of theday their thoughts

are directed to Heaven as the only Throne
from which come decrees recognized
as absolute by them. They do not
| need to appoint a special oecasion for sup-
| plication as the Canadian Metropolitan has
j done, for they constantly feel their near-
| hess to Gopand recognize their dependence
| on Him, Their prayers, however, treat as
blessings what the Canadians would lament
as bitter chastisement

In South Afriea each side is fighting

| to the death to attain the blessing or
ward off the punishment, vet that) this
war ean come toa bappy ending at any
} tithe the contestants inmay choose is as cer-
{tain as that it need never have oecurred,
i The British can end it any day by fol-

lowing the example and precedent of GLAp-
STONE in the Boer War of 1881. Presi-
| dent KROGER ean close it by appealing for

terms to England. Is it not therefore pre-
sumptous for either side to make supplica-
to Gop to bring to an end a eontliet

Whose is wholly within= the
Pability and option ofcontestants each fight-

ing for his own When both are
| strainingevery nerve to settle it for them-
| wires and when neither will settle it  ex-
|

tion

conelusion

LdVantage,

cept under the compulsion of earthly eir-
cumstances Which each is doing bh 5 best
by purely human and
| justruments?

If Gen, BULLER succeeds
the Boers and relieving Ladysmith the cone
tinuation of the until the British
completely suceessful will be
made inevitable. Lt might be that the con-
{ict would go on for many wonths in such

Q

fo eortye Hens

in defeating

Wat

the United States on its books the sum of |

 

|

|

 

an event, with a terrible increase in its
slaughter. The Boers might fall back on
their own territory and substitute for the
offensive-defensive campaign they are now
conducting a purely defensive war in the
Transvaal itself, The continuance of such
a confilet would depend on the resources of

| the Boers in food supplies and in munitions

i

—— —————— ————— ————— —  — —  ——————  ———— ——— — ———  —————

(Queer

of war. With these in sufficiency, they
might maintain along defence, but their
ultimate subjection would be well nigh
certain, If, however, Gen, BuL LER shall
he defeated and Ladysmith shall fall into
the hands of the Boers, with the beleaguered
army of Gen, Warr and its vast stores of
munitions, the end of the war would prob-
ably be reached, though ii would not be
the “happy ending” for which the Cana-
dians are to pray, With Ladysmith would
fall also, it may be assumed, Kimberley and
Mafeking, and the present British campaign
would end in complete disaster, Would it
be renewed by the British with the fresh
retnforcements sent from England and the
imperial colonies? The probability is that
it would not be resumed, untlinehing as
how seems to be the English determination
to carry iton, even to the bitter end and at
whatever cost. Gen, Ronerts would have
to make a new army and that would re-
quire tedious delay and the probable ex-
haustion of English patience, Every
British General in South Africa, including
himself, would have been discredited. Tho
London financial market, all the financial
markets of the world, would have been
thrown into deplorable agitation and the
Parliament which is to meet on the 80th
of this month would assemble in gloom
and with angry resentment against the
Government.

A crushing defeat of Gen, BULLER’S pres-
ent operations, therefore, could be taken
asimplying necessarily that negotiations
for peace would speedily succeed, The
“happy ending” would then be reached,
It would not be the ending the Canadians
would pray for, but in reality it would be
happy and could afford reason for thankfuls
ness to Gop on both sides, simply as con-
cluding war with peace. Defeat of the
Boers, would mean, of course, thelr com-
plete undoing, their extinetion an
independent republic, the absolute destrue-
tion of their power in South Africa, The
failure of Great Britain to crush them,
however, would not imperil nor in any way
affect the integrity of the British Empire.
If so slight a reverse could shake it that
imperial strueture must be a feeble fabric
doomed to an early tall however the South
African War comes out, It could gain by
peaceful negotiations every substantial ad-
vantage which could possibly be secured to
it by war, while vietory over the Boers
would bring to Great Britain no glory anil
would leave for the Empire an almost
endless problem of extrerue difficulty: in

as

South Africa, requiring for its treatment |

the maintenance of a large and costly army
of occupation for many years to come,
danger and sorrow for Great Britain in
vietory than in defeat,

If, then, our Canadian neighbors would
recognize and bow before an overruling
Providence let them pray to Gop for peace,
simply leaving it for Onmiscience to deter.
mine where the happiness in peace lies,
according to the judgment of the wisdom
to which a thousand years are but as yes-
terday and as a watchin the night, After
a few months have gone by this whole
South African episode will have passed into
relative insignificance, Exeept to the
Boers struggling for independent existence
it is of small consequence,

 

Mr. Edmunds’s Memorial,

Tho Philadelphia American League, a
graft fof the Anti-Imperialist League, has
sent to each member of Congress a inemo-
rial asking that the fugacious WaAsHING-
rons and HAMPDENS of the Tagals be ase
sured by law of the intention of the United
States to help them set upa free and inde-
pendent government in the Philippines.
The memorial is said to have been writ-
ten by the Hon, Gronge F, EpMunps,
who shows the demoralizing influence of
anti-expansion by splitting his infinitives,
An extract:

“We reapectfully submit that itis dueto the ever-
living principles of our Government thatan effort
be made to immediately terminate the great de
struction of human lives, both of our own gallant
soldiers and sailors and of the people of the Philp
pines, and also terminate the great drain of tho
money of our people, of prolonzed and indetinite
duration under existing conditions, if this can be
dove by conceding to the people of the islands such
a system of self-government and independence as
they shall prove capable of maintaining and by
assisting and protecting them in the saine,”’

As to whieh we respectfully submit:

I. The war in the Philippines is about
won,

Il, It would have been ended before had
not the rebels been encouraged by the anti-
imperialists, who are still feeding them
with false hopes and misrepresenting the
will of the United States with regard to
them.

II]. Congress can be depended upon to
provide for the inhabitants of the Philip-
pines, at the proper time, such a system of
self-government ag they shall be capable of
maintaining and as will best serve them
and the rest of the United States.

We respectfully submit, also, that a man
like Mr. EpMunps might employ his time
to better advantage than in encouraging
rebels against the United States,

The Silent but Mighty Pigeonhole.

During the first twenty-one working days
of the present
were introduced into the Senate and House
8,781 bills and joint resolutions, 2.427 in
the Senate and 6,854 in the House,

At the end of another week of working
days, that is to say, on Friday last, the
total had been swollen to more than 9,500
At the present time it undoubtedly exceeds
10,000, vet othe }
seareely more than begun

The corresponding session of the Fifty.

session of Congress ther

 
 

 

and long lias

session

first Congress, ten vears ago, rantntil Oet
1 At that time the veoume of matertal for
| lial

 

lepris Inereased so ey

tion OPTHOUSLY
beyond past experience that the total ot
17,0138 bills and resoiutions introduced
during the entire session of between nine

and ten months seemed
Twenty vears ago the cor

stipendonus

ponding ses

 

and an opportunity for amendment, and,
finally, to a vote which shall either reject
the bill or send it to the President for the
last step in the process of enactment.

Yet in practice under the limitations of
physical possibility
hole!

Grief in Boston,

The reformed spelling and dropping into
poetry of this card make the signature

' somewhat superfluous:

SS SSS >

| ge

sion of the Porty-sixth Conwyross pan unti
July i. The to of medsures introduced
at both ends of the Capitol for the six
months was 3,300, of less than one third of
the grist of the first six weeks of the pros:
ent session

Theoretically every one of these ton-thou-
sand separate measures of proposed legisla. |
tion, and everyone of the tens of thousands
more whieh will accumulate before ade
journment, are entitled to careful eon.
sideration at every SUueCOssive stage in
the regular course of procedure They are
entitled to examination by the eoumittee te

whiek they may be referred

favorable or otherwise, to

t
» tO & report,
the Senate or
House, as the case may be, by discussion

an heen ter ep omy

“To THe Eprron or Tar Bex—Sury You will be
grieved to hear that a curtin in the Bar of ‘Fort
Parker’ caught (ire this A.M

CGireat presence of mind was shown
And only water on the fire was thrown,

“Members of the A. & H's hastened to the scene
and did not leave until all danger was passed

‘Boston, Jan, 15. Boston.”

It is ill jesting with a wounded heart.
What are curtains and bars save a matter
of the seienee of fortifleation to the
Ancient and Honorable Artillery Company
now? ‘That honored troop has received such
a blow as no enemy could have dealt it, It
is calm, but it suffers,

The Honourable Artillery Company of
Loudon was to be the guest of the Ancient
and Honorable Artillery Company next
sumnmer. The visit was to be the greatest
event of the year. The Boston HecTtors
said so, and their judgment is to be re>
spected, for they are diligent readers of
history and delight to celebrate its prinel-
palevents, Immense funds had been raised
for theentertainment of the visitors, Such
agrand triumphal round of feasts and re-
ceptions and reviews, such festivities on
land and sea, such jovial pilgrimages in
bulfet cars the world had never seen and
How will never see,

The Honourable Artillery Company of
London is not coming. Col, Sip HEDGES
had the fatal cablegram in his poeket last
week and was too downeast to divulge
it; but his clouded eountenanee told) the
worst. The Boston Advertiser read that
face ond printed the sad news, There is too
much tighting in South Afriea, too much
gloom in Engiand. The Honourable Artil-
lery Company would not bring an appetite
to the banquet,

We sympathize sincerely with the Bos-
tonians bereaved of their guests. The
xreatest event of 1900 has been with-
drawn, But the veterans will rally quickly.
Other guests may be found; other great
events may be commemorated; and the
magnifleent cold-storage batteries of the
Company will be manned to the last.

Some Texas vampire or were wolf having

asserted that the Hon, Jom Batley was not
true to the Chicago platform in 1806, that
gifted young man replies:
Phe tact is that Iwas, perhaps, the first man in
United States to give my unqualified indorse-
hiont to that platiorm as a whole and in all its
parts

The first man tosubscribe to the new Dee-
laration of Independence! Will the vampires

Thus, it may be that there would be more | 44 Were wolves let Jor BatLey alono now?

The wonderful memory of Col. Bryan for

narmies and faces —Cinctanan Enquirer,
Less wonderful thanthe Colonel’s forgetful-
ness of his old speeches and old predictions,

The heart of Richarnp LE GALLIENNE is
stirred and the rustling of his multitudinous
locks isasawail, KipLingis the matter:

The mob has found @ man of genius willing to
voice its prejudice and rapacity, This is bad for
England and very humiliating for poetry.”’

Poetry crushed toearth will rise again. A few
minutes after he had recorded the humiliation
of poetry, Mr. Le GALLIENNE wove a few hanks
of it forthe sake of demonstrating that Eng-
land still has a man of genius who is capable of
“voleing’ the unpre)udiced and unrapacious,

The Octopus is reaching out for the fruits
of the earth in Delaware. Tho farmers of
Kent county have formed a combination and
agreed not to sell tomatoes this year for less
than $7 aton. The other tomato growers of
the State are expected to join the Trust. What
isto be done against this hideous monopoly?
Will the tomato eaters adopt the suggestion of
President Hab.ey and ostracize the Tomato
Trust offenders?

As if the hoodoo on Col. BRYAN were not
sufficiently dark already, he comes tothis town
with opals, most i!l-boding of stones, studding
his capacious shirt bosom. The Colonel is a
tair actor, but he needs a dresser,

To-day will be kept by all the churchesin
Frankfort, Ky., as a day of humiliation and
prayer. The affray between Cotson and
ScoTrand the prospect of more bloody work
ifthe Goobelites persist in their schemes have
induced the Frankfort churches to take this
solenin means of aeploring and, if possible, of
averting violence,

——————

NOT ON AN OFFICIAL MISSION,

 

Webster Davis's Conduct in South Africa
Displeases the Administration,

Wasninaton, Jan, 22.—Webster Davis of
Missouri, Assistant Secretary of the Interior,
has earned the displeasure of the Administra-
tion by his actions in South Africa. It is the
general opimion in Administration circles that
he is making bimself altogether too promi.

pent, and is seemingly not contradicting the
Inipression that he is goiug to Pretoria on a
inission trom the Government of the United
States,

The State Department and the Interior De-
artment deny emphatically the reports that
Mr. Davis has an olticial mission. At both
these offlees the statement was made to-day
that Mr. Davis hat not received a word of in-
structions, oral or written, about his South
African visit, and the State Department an-
nounces that it did not know that Mr. Davis
Wis going to South Africa until be had letr
Washington, There bas been nothing in the
Press accounts toshow that Mr. Davis has been
indiscreet in his utterances, but thers is a sus.
Picton here that he is interentially giving the
Impression that he is an emissary ofthe United
States,

tne Administration oMcers appear to be
really Worried over the visit of Mr. Davis to
Pretoria, particularly because he is going
there, avcording to report, in the private car of
President Kroger. While itis admitted that
he hasa pericet®iazht to go where he pleases in
an imdiviiual capacity, the Administration
fears that his offen statuain Washington will
hot be dissocvated from bis private status in
south Africa and wil cause misunderstanding

 

 

 

of the pitpose of his visit in the minds of
Boer and Briton,
eee
Duteh,

To THe Eniton or THe Sux—Sir> Almost every
body pronomnees ths worl "Boer as if it were
spelled "DB ive Jn Duteh it is pronounced as it
spelled, in Bnglteh, ‘Boor The Dutch pluralform
wnot  Hoers bat" Boeren, in the common pro
nu fiomot Who the final na = uot sounded

hoe like the German Word “Baner.” nieaos
“peasant on s prohounced Uhm aha
means unmet His@terno. endearment, mntensi
Hea inate cinntive "Gompie or “itth: unele,”
Which is het nr quently apphel t+ President
Kr Whos: first taiie, Pau, is pronounced

Wo ds @hoobad Diteh tiakitery

    

  

rind THtiling back as far as the
War veen Span ait the Cutred
he Netherlands Veul of ene,
vhbeh, also sp pokou wihoutthe
to poh lu its seuse of
1 sobresiation of “vertrebien, '
\ hean to pull fier to leave

n ten ans fountain or “spring Jags

a ity Huet "bean, ahel * yeten
" pou ete. de comin Dutel name
LaudProst) Isiah okt Dutch tithe ror 4 Magistrate,
Who safegt @tas the oa or “Post rest, inthe
wi dai, Wit tl ‘aa provounced ike va"
TY) ther, shoushinore vroaaly stil, means “hen
a Helited to the Enyliesn “tale, of course
As ants is a Dreasteork, and the Boer and the
Hollander calls a gan a weweer proheuneed with

the "wh Hee wv aed tae
sorething like whuvay re
Phere ty ho English equivalent forthe pronuncia-

a Stromely guttural

 
  

tion the name of Dro Leyds It wm more like
Lates” than “Leads lo shoot is ‘sehieten,
the ‘sch asitthe speaker were clearing lis throat,
andthe te like ee
* ROp) comm ccd Mike “copy,

means little head’ or”

Dayike Dou
PavewLys, dam, 3d, vibe

|
'

blessed is the pigeons |

 

THE SITUATION IN NATAL, |

|

 

Gen. Warren’s operations against the Boer
right have apparently failed so far to accom. —
plish their object, as Lon on telegrams de-
spatehed at 2:30 P.M, yesterday make no meu-
tion of any renewal of the fighting orof what
was the position of the opposing forees
The fighting on Saturday left the
bivouacked on aline about three miles in ad-
vance of their original position, while the
fighting on Sunday ended not more than a
thousand yards in advance of where they
had bivouacked the®previous night with-
out having produced any substantial
sult. The reports of the correspondents
is vary considerably in detafl, and it
not yet exactly clear where the positions
which the British are aiming for are situated,
The most likely conjecture is that they lie be- |
tween the loop of the Tugela, oeeupied by |
Gen, Lyttelton’s brigade, and the Venterspruit
to the westward, and that the Boers oveupy |

|

sritish

re.

the southwestern slopes of the plateau
on which they are It is up these
slopes that tho British are fighting their way
with so much difficulty, and against the Boers’
tactics, which seem to have some resemblance |
tothe old Zalu plan of enveloping the flank of
the attacking force while apparently ceding in
the centre, There appears to bave been somes
thing of ths Kind on Sunday,

There is some obscurity as to exactly what
part Lord Dundonald’s cavalry is playing
since its accidental encounter with a smak
Boer force near Acton Homes, It was fast de-
scribed as being securely established on the
roads leading to the three southern passes
of the Drakensberg, but there {is reason
to believe that these are now held
by the Boers in sufficient force to secure them
against a British coup de main; and that the
position with regard to them is reversed, reén-
forcements from some quarter being on their
way that will constitute pdanger tothe British
left when they move down the passes and
threaten its rear.

The stubbornness of the Boer resistance has,
evidently upset the British plans, which did
not contemplate so many days being occupied
with so comparatively smalla result. The ab-
sence of the Boer artillery, or at least its
silence, appears to puzzle the British, who find
the Boers relying almost entirely on their rifles
to oppose @ humerous infantry supported by a
powerful artillery using the most modern of
explosive shells. That the British had made
80 little progress upto Sunday night with the
material advantages so much in their favor, is
a high tribute to the tactical ability of the
Boer commanders and to the fighting quality
of what the Pretoria official despatches now
speak of as the Federal or Republican troops,
which seems to improve with their increasing
experience

The delay in the relief of Ladysmith must be
disheartening both tothe beleaguered garri-
son and to the men who are fighting their way
toit, while it atthe same time increases the
anxiety of the General commanding, Buller
who is responsible for the plan of operations,
Every day's delay adds tothe diMeulty of keen-
ing up the supplies necessary to the main-
tenance of so many men and animals os are
how across the Tugela, the train of wagons
that accompanied the column when it started
out having been over six miles long, The
keeping up the supply of artillery and infantry |
ammunition must also be a serious tax on the
transport service,

It is stated that the Boers are fortifying po-
sitions on the Biggarsberg Mountains between
Ladysmith and Glencoe as a precautionary |
measure in the event of their baving to fall |
back from before Ladysmith on that side

It is interesting to note that, in deterenea to
public opinion and the recommendations of
the Peace Conference, the British Government
has decided to abolish the manufacture ofthe
dum dum bullet and has changed the service
bullet from Mark V., which expands on impuet,
to Mark IL., which is smooth and solid through-
out and is practically devoid of the stop-
ping qualities for which the dum dum
was so highly esteemed, It is said, however,
that this change in the British service bullet
willnot have any iinmediate effect in the pres-
ent war, Besides the output from Woolwich
Arsenal, Which is about two millions a week,
large orders have been given to three British
firmsfor supplies of Mark Il

 

NORTHERN NEW FORK DISTRICT,

 

The Bill Dividing It Into Two Districts Is
Passed by the senate,

WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.—The bill to divide the
Northern district of New York into two dis-
tricts Was passed in the Senate to-day. The
bill detaches the counties of Allegany, Cat-
taraugus, Chautauqua, Chemung, Erie, Gen-
esee, Livingston, Monroe, Niagara, Ontario,
Orleans, Schuyler, Senaca, Steuben, Wayne,
Wyoming and Yates from the Northern dis-
trict and creates of them the Western district
of New York, ThisJeaves in the Northern dis-
trict the counties of Albany, Broome, Cayuga,
Chenango, Clinton, Cortiand, Delaware, Essex,
Franklin, Fulton, Hamilton, Herkimer, Jeffer-
son, Lewis, Madison, Montgomery, Oneida,
Onondaga, Oswego, Otsego, Rennselaer, St,
Lawrence, Saratoga, Schenectady, Schoharie,
Tioga, Tompkins, Warren and Washington.

The times and places for bolding terms of
the Circuit Court in the Western district are
fixed as follows: At Rochester, on the third
Tuesday of May; at Canandaigua, on the see-
ond Tuesaday of September; at Buffalo, on the
third Tuesday of November; and for the Dis-
trict Court: At Elmira, the second Tuesday of
January; at Buffalo, the second Tuesday of

March; at Rochester, the third Tuesday of
May;at Jamestown, the first Tuesday of July;
at Bulfalo, the third Tuesday) of September,
hessions of the District Court for the hearing
ot motions and for proceedings in bankruptey
nod the trial of causes in udmiraiy are to be held
at Butfatotneach month of the year, except
August, and all processes in admiralty causes
and proceedings inthe Western district are to
be returnable at Bullalo,

For the Northern district
changed thus: At Albany, on the second Tues.
day of February; at Utica, on the third Tues.
day of Aprils at Binghamton, on the second
‘Tuesday of June; at Auburn, on the seeond
Tuesday of September; at Syracuse, on the
first Tuesday of November, and one term an-
nually inthe counties of Onondaga, St, Law-
renee, Clinton, Jefferson, Oswego and Frank-
lin, The Circuit Court is to. hold) terms at
Utica on the second Tuesday of April; at Syra-
euse on the last Tuesday in October and at Al-
bany onthe flest Tuesday of February. The
Dill also provides for the appointment of a
Judge and other oMeials for the new district,

1 BLIND MAN'S WATCH.

the terms are

  

 

Unlike Most Blind Men, Couldn't
Tell the Time by Instinet,

Owner,

Anold man who said his name was Zincke
was among the blind men who went to the
Outdoor Poor Department offices at the foot of |
East Twenty-sixth street yesterday to apply |
for aid from the fund of 830,000 whieh is set |
aside annually forthe relief of the blind poor
inthis borough. Chief Clerk William Walsh
was talking to Zincke When he heard ao buz
zing, Jingling sound proceeding from Zincke's
poeket,

"What's that?

“That's my wateh,”
witha laugh

Zineke then took from his pool

replied the bind man

thet a@ good.

|
!

;
asked the clerk in surprise |
j

|

|

 

sized walarm clock, He said he aways cared
hittotelltime. bie seritto strike every bour
and between the houes he felt tor the postition
ofthe hands rinine the time
“Thats stra reworked the elerk after.

|

 

ward Ive been connected) with this depart.
ment for fifteen vears, and | have met several
hundred blind meninthat time, but this is the
first blind inan Dever saw who couldn't telithe |
time within fitfeen minutes Ov instinet Blind

men always goto bed atacertain hour every |
night. They awake at the sane tows rv |
inorning and they go through the day as regu. |

|

 

) laras clock work Phis may strange,
but itis true
|
Geographical society Honors Judge Daly's
Memory,
At the annual meeting of the American |
| Geographical Society in Chickering Hall laste
evening warm tribut were paid to the
inemory of the sonety's lava T dent, Judge
Charles P. Daly, The follow ofleors were
elected: Wo TL HL Moore, Vice-President;
Prof, William Libbey of Princeton University
Foreign Corresponding Seeretarys Walter
hk. T. Jones, Treasurer, and Prauems M. Baeou,

|

 

  

John Greenough, Nexis A. Jabeu, &. Nicholson
Kane and DO. Millis, Counetlors Gutotre.
speettothe memory of Judge Daly the office |

ot President will uot be tiled wutil su me later |

 

meets.
v

\

eS

 

A MYSTERIOUS ISLAND,

————S

     
 

 

PAY FOR Tr

  

ACHERS AT LAST.

 

Miangas Is in Phitipoime Waters, but the | With Backhanded Compliments by Coler te

Duteh blag Now Floates Over Et.

A little island Iving about seventy miles east
of the most southern point of Mindanao has
given map-makers more perplexity within the
past twovepturfes than perhaps any other bit
of landof eo littl: importanee, It isthe tsianad
of Miangas and has long tgured on the neips
under the Spanish alias of Palmas island
Though 100 miles north of the Dutch group ot
the Moluccas the flag of the Netherlands now

floats over it, having been raised there by the |

Dutch Government steamer De Raat in 181%
Phe Government in ISU% published the par-
tisulars of its appropriation and proof of its
identity with the Jong lost land seen by Dam-
pler, whose brief account of it Was printed to
London in 1720. The story of the mystiflea-
tion of geographers and the final sojution ot
the problem is told in Petermaniu’s Mittedunges
by Prof. Dr. A. Wichmann of Utrecht,

The native name of the island was frst men-
tioned by William Dampier, the English sailor,
who wrote in part: “The island Meangis lies
within twenty leagues of Mindanao, There
are three small islands that abound with gold
and cloves, if TE may credit my author Prince
Jooly, who was born on one of them. Tsaw
the istand twice and two more close by it.
Each of the three seemed to be about four or
five leagues round and of a good heighth.”

There was much controversy in the cigh-
teenth century over the identity of this island
European vessels sought in vain for it, Some
geographers asserted that Dampier’s informa-
tion was inaccurate and that he had mistaken
one of the Talaut group for Meangis, and that
Nanusa was one of the neighboring islands he
deseribed, Others believed he had reference
tothe Nanusagroup, Three little islands south-
east of Cape St. Augustin or Mindanao were

 

supposed by still others to be the land
referred to by Dampier. They appeared
on some of the maps as “The English

Myangees.’ Thus the maps of the Inst cen-
tury showed the islands in a number of
positions, but most authorities believed them
to be identical with the Nanusa group and this
hypothesis has been in favor until quite re-
cently. ‘The renowned geographer Heinrich
Berghaus made a careful study of the question
in INS without reaching any conclusion, The
Dutchman Stemfoort and Ten Siethol, in 1883,
declared that the Nanusa group could not be
the islands referred to by Dampier and, aecord-
ing to Dr, Wichmann, they “constructed” a
new group tothe north to which they applied
the name “Melangies.” In 1S88 Mr. Ebbinge-
Wibben declared that the existence of the
islands could not be shown unless further evi-
dence was discovered, The name has disap-
peared from most or all of the maps since
ISSY, because its application, thus far, to any
of the islands had been merely hypothetical,
In S825, however, A. J. Van Delten had de-
clared thet Palmas Island was the “island ot
Melangies.” Ile had hit the nailon the head,
but no attention was paidto him,

In sO) Mr. EB. Steller, a missionary on
Sangin, one of the Dutch islands, wrote to Dre,
Wichmann that the identity of Dampier's
Meangis had undonbted/y been discovered, It
Was Vulmas Island, Dampier's transliteration
ofthe native name did not correctly represent
its bronunclation apd Miangas ia tho preferred
orthography, Later in the same year he wrote
that Mr. Hauet, commander of the Dutch Gov-
ernment steamer De Haat, had visited the
island, surveyed it and determined its poai-
tion to bed 81 80° north latitude and 126° 32
O7 east longitude. The inhabitants, about
4001b Lumber, cau plainly see the mountains
f Mindanao and have trade relations with
that isand, The Duteh flag was raised over
the isiand and it was the intention to return
and tormally investthe chief with the gover-
porship under the sugerainty of the Nether-
lands, This ceremony Was to be expedited be-
cuuse it was thought the Spaniards, with
Who he hadan active trade, might compel
him to hotest the Spanish tag.

There is only ona Island, but the proof is sat-
isfactory that Dampicr was laboring under an
optical delusion when he told of three islands.
Cartaret: named Palmas “Hummock Island”
and in his brief description, printed In 1773, he
sail: “One ridge of mountains rises behind
anvother, so that ata great distance it appears
not like one island, but several,” John Hunter
also Wrote in 17 that at the northwest point
of Palmas isa high rounded hill and not far
from it ure others gradually decreasing in
height and that at a distanoe of tive sea miles
they have the appearances of risiag separately
out of the sea

fhe oficial confirmation of these statements
by the Duteh Government, tn LS80%, leaves no
room for doubt that Palmas and Miangas are
fdentieal, The oi mane remain to show the
perplexity of tho earlier chartographers and
the way they made the mysterious island travel
around the eastern border of the Celebes Sea,

 

 

PSEUDO-SCLENTIFIC CHARITY,

Miss Riehmond of Baltimore on Mistakes
of Organized Investigators and Reformers,

Out ofthe wisdom of her experience as Secre-
tary of the Charity Organization Society of Bal-
timore, Miss Mary £. Richmond spoke to the
Woman's Conference of the Soclety for Ethical
Culture at the Tuxedo yesterday, on “‘Pseudo-
Scientific Charity.” She took as her text a re-
cent magazine article by Miss Jane Addams of
Chicago.

“Charity work must thrive on much criti-
cism,"’ Miss Richmond said; “we have had all
sorts of cures for poverty, from Gov. Pingree’s
potato patches tothe eating of Whole wheat by
the poor, all of them warranted to eliminate
want once forall; but they haven't succeeded
in doing it. One of the most ineffectual
methods of cure is charity organization, As a
method to find a cure it is a good thing, but as
acure it is worthless, The Settlement move.
ment has shown us that personal shortcomings
ofthe poor are not, in the great majority of
eases, as was formerly believed, the eause of
poverty. In her article Miss Addanis says that
investigation is productive of much harm to
both parties to it. But Miss Addamsis some-
what influenced by herenvironment. Chicago
is nothing but a great, overgrown village, and
it hasn't yet grown into being a big city in its
methods, It is tar behind the tlines ins its
methods of charity, and only for a very few
years has scientific investigation been known
there. Lovestigation which seeks not the ex.
act truth, but rather seeks to prove something
favorable or unfavorable, is dishonest and
always harmful’ :

Miss Richmond gave instances of charitable
Works, suceessfal and unsuecessful, which had
come under her notice, Some of the con-
clusions that she drew are these:

“There is adreadtul charitable drift toward
women and children, The man is becoming
extinet; be flies out at the back door when the
charity worker enters the front. We should
always, in charitable work, recognize the man
as the head of the family and confer with him
as such

“Tnadequate investigation is the curse of or-
ganized charity, It's a bad attitude of mind to
think that you have got to do something
quickly, for the sake of doing something
What would we say ofa doctor who, not having
made a diagnosis of the case, proceeded to act
on some theory without waiting to find out
what was the matters

"A good investigator asks few questions.
You enn't liv help people until you tid the
best sourees of help. Tospeak of the worthy
andthe unworthy pooris an absolutely futile
distinetion. ‘They are all worthy of something

 

    

   

 

 

   
 
  

 

 

The only chassifleation any value and
the onivone we have any right to make is that
et the people who ean be helped and those
Wheeant, Look out tor the ebaritable fanatics
Who are alWays discovering subtleti Where
they don texist Phe rough and realty stand.
ard of the neighbors judgement is often wiser
than the wire-drawn conclusions of the inves.
tigator

“One ofthe things that are keeping charities
In the pseudoesclentithe state ds the attitude of
the reformers, who want to do everything at
ohee. ‘The charity workers are the chemista
of sovfet They are the alchemists, and
would make the world gold at a stroke. We
ntstlearn to deal with each problom jadivida
aly. ond to look at life through the eyes of
those we strive to afd."

GOVERNMENT FOR PUERTO: RICO,

A Ball Providing for a Governor and Legis:

  

fature With Pwo Branenes,
WASHINGTON
of T ts, an
on Inst fy
providing
ru |
| tine
andit
le | i
Levi i
i 74
bo gistat
ad : ‘t
Propriation ob |
SeC tur rprt
i the eouneidl toe
+ ttt, put poses

    

  

7 pereent, ol the tax
made for a Supreme, Dis tand Probi
Court, Members of the Legisiature must be
tnale citizens of the United States aud bowa
Ude residents of Puerte Rico,

 

School Board Bookkeeping,

City Paymaster Timmermun begun yestere
day the payfientof December salaries tothe
sebool teachers of Manhattan an! The Bronx,
By hard work the expert tookkeepers in the
oMee of the Commissioners of Accounts had
got the payrolis in shape so that the amounts
due under the \hearn law from the bond fund
and the amounts due from the general approe
priation were separately stated, Comptroller
Coler was much gratified by the work done by
the Commissioners and thelr staff and he
Wrote them a vote of thanks, Then he paid hie
to the Bourd of Pdueation and ite
bookkeeping department in these words

“The amounts of the Ahearn law salary ine
creases have been definitely ascertained and
the December payrolls of the Manhattan and
Bronx teachers bave bean audited and sent te
the City Pavinaster, Phe toachers will res
ceive their individual cheeks this, afternoon
The Ahearn law inereases in the borough rr
Brooklyn aggregate SYU2 128.50, The estte
mate ol the School Board was $305, 254 or Sle
WO U4 too much a moderately accurate guess,
The Abearn Jaw increases in the borough ot
Manhattan and Phe Bronx aggregate Sod0,«
MOLES Phe estimate of the Sehool Board
S42. H00 -4 ditference of S108 10R 75, A
tion af this kind of guessing Is unnecede
sary, :

“Only last week a School Commissioner
Wrote a letter to the newspapers containing aa@
estimate of what the Abearn law increases in
Manhattan and The Bronx would be forthe
year ISN), based upon figures) presumably
furnished tohim by tne clereal force ot the
Board of Education, ‘This letter was writtea
two Weeks after the close of the year, when,
with a proper set of books of record, the sehoot
authorities should have had at band: the
necessary data to furnish exact figures, Atal

respects

 

 
 
  

  

events the opportunity was present to
revise. the former estimate and to make
a new guess, This was done and, the

result shows a trifling discrepancy of Site
R778. Nevertheless, this gentieman publicly
wondered why had not adopted this
new method of aeceountl in order to make
the necessary bookkeepiow entries in the Dee
partment of Finance. If at nad not been forthe
self-sacrificing labors of the whole force of the
Commissioners of Accounts, and of many men
inmy own department who have worked day
und night forthe past two weeks to remedy the
breakdown in the Board of Education, the
school teachers would probably have been kept
out of their salaries for months, As soon as the
supplementary payrolls are disposed of, whieh
will be ina few days, a thorough Givestigation
will be made of the bookkeeping methods of all
the school boards, with the view of establish:
ing them on @ proper business basis,”

PAUL JONES'S GRAVE,

 

M. De Ricaudy Thinks He Has Located It
in an Old Protestant Cemetery in Paris.

Wasurtyaton, Jan, 22.—-The Navy Departe
ment has received information of such a
reliable character from our Naval Attache at
Paris that the Department is satisfied that the
remains of Paul Jones, the revolutionary
naval hero, have been located, The credit of
discovering the burial place is due to M.
A. de Riewudy, a French antiquaran and
editor of L'Eeho Du Pabhie, He took up the
work of diseovering the location of Commo-
dore Jones's grave after “Le Commission du
Vieux Paris” had failed, and, according tothe
information received by the Navy Department,
has succeeded in locating the remains, with @
fair degree of certainty, in a former Protestant
cemetery, which was sold in 1804 and is now
occupied ag private property,

M. De Ricaudy has made a preliminary ree
porton the subject to the United States Ame

bassador in Paris, a copy of which has been
furnished to the Navy Department, From this
report it appears to be certain that the body of
Commodore Jones was interred at the place
indicated. The cemetery was located at the
corner of the Rue des Eeluses St, Martin and
Rue Grange-aux-Belles. A small two-story
building is supposed to cover the burial spot,
The burial register shows that Paul Jones
died on July 1s, 1712, and was buried on July
20. The exact location of the Commodore's
grave is unknown, although M. de Ricaudy
holds that it is ascertainable within narrow
limits, and that there would be a possibility,
though only a possibility, of the tdentifleation
of the remains. In his report M. De Ricaudy
says:

“It appears that long before 1712 they had
been compelled to bury their categories of
death in the courtyard, and Paul Jones's being
one of the latest interments, it is probable that
his remains are not far from the entrance
door, the place most likely to have been used
for the latest burials, but this is merely @
hypothesis. The comatery of the Rue Grange-
aux-Lelles was officially closed on Jan, 1, 17543,
less than six months after the death of Paul
Jones, and on the 3d of Thermidor, year IV., it
was sold as national property, and was
deeded to M. Vhalipeaux. Later the es-
tate was divided into two, lota as they exist
to-day. It results from this sale and the
almost immediate oceupaney of the site that
the naval hero of the War of American Inde-

endence has never been exhumed, — Since the

-rotestant cemetery was closed in 1N04 thera
does not exist in Paris any other cemetery
whither his remains could have been decently
transferred. It has been seen that his remains
are not in Pere la Chaise, Neither are they in
other cemeterics since created, Consequently
they must be in the site adjoining the hue
Grange-aux-Belles.”

THE FIGHT OVER CHICAGO'S CANAL.

 

 

Supreme Court Grants the Application te
File a Bill for Injunction,

WasHINnaTOoN, Jan, 22.—Chief Justice Fuller
of the Supreme Court to-day announced that
the application of the State of Missouri to filea
hill for injunction against the State of Illinois
and tho Chicago Drainage district would be
granted. The bill issuing in the case was
made returnable on April 2 next. The object
sought to be aceomplished by the billis the
restraint of defendants from operating the
drainage ditch connecting the Chicago River
with the Desplaines River, carrying the sewage
of the city of Chicago, which the Missourt
oMecials assert will reach with deleterious &nd
disastrous effects,the Mississippi River and
the territory continguous thereto in that State,

Mr. Sechurmacher, City Solicitor of St. Louis,
representing the Governor and Attorneyetene
eral of Missouri, asked the court to issue with
the process its temporary injunction restrain
ing the defendants from committing the acts
complained of pending the determination of

the case here, “Inasmuch,” he said, ‘as the
ditch in question was opened upon the ane
nouncement of the Ming of the motion, we

feel thatitis but right and fair that the ine
Junetion should be issued

“This court ¢ iot,’ responded the Chief
Justieo, “undertake to issue an injanetion
Against a sovereign State without notice. The
case must take the usual course,”

  

 

70 IMPROVE SOUTHWEST Ptes,
Secretary Root Transmits a Plan to Come
gress fora Channel 1,010 Peet Wide,

WastINoToN, Jan, 22.—Secretary Root to-day
transmitted to Congress a plan for improving
the Southwest Pass, Mississippl River, forthe
purpose of permitting the passage of ocean
steamers to New Orleans. The scheme was
drawn by Col, Roberts and Major Derby of the
army engineers and Rober! Moore and Wille
iam Sterling, civilengineoers. It contemplates
achannel 1000 feet wide and 55 feet deep at
mean low water throughout the Southwest
Pass: the construction of two jetties; the cone
struction of silis across Cubitte Gap, the Jump
and Baptiste Coueis Canal: the closing of all
itiets below the ports, together with dre izes,
tugs and other app lances, aod the purchase of
the neressary land The whole vost is estie
noted at S6,000,000 The ship eanal is to be
Nuished in three years and the project couse
pleted in five years,

   

LONDON ARTILELIRY CONT COMR

The Visit to the Boston Ancients Postponed
Tatil the summer of 1908,
r received fr

”

ne says theoMe

Buston, Jan. W2.—A lott ti Lone
don this morn i] communicas
tion of the secretary of the Honorable Artillery
Company is now on its way tothe Ancient and

 

 

 
 
   

  

   

Honorable Art Company announcing that
the proposed visit of the J ers to this
country has been postpone | a year from the

ning June. Th tt staat the Honor
\rtitlery: has furnished. manned and
equipped tall ite atrery, besides send.
Ing forty-twoof its menb tothe regular ese
| tabishment of the Uri Army tubting

} faratnst tlhe and also has sent aconti
kentin the teor fores Phe tndieations

that ti | COMPUNY tiust have se

Roout dots nemibers to Che frome ant tie
, ree t teed With depleted ranks
ghd Whiie a percent, ofthe company is thet ‘
In South Africa eee
Pro-Boer Resolution Voted Down in lowe.

Des Mott ld, Jan, 2—A

resolution of

yoopathy with the Boors in thelr flaht with
Rugand was lald on the ta in the Iowa
House of Representatives to-day. It was ine
troduced by Rey Litative Carter of Sioux

county, in whi this situated the large eotony of
Hoilanders, ‘The motion to lay the resolutioa
vu the table Was carried by a vote of oj to dae

<

 

ee

— + <=