h

‘

 

AFFAIRS OF THE THEATRE,

—_—_————
A FRENCH PLAY PERFORMED FIRST
BY AMERICAN ACTORS,

Elete de Wolfe Put Forward by Charles
‘Frohman as the Sprightly Young Widow
io ‘The Surprises of Love’’-Edna May
and Her Companions Jast From London,

Paul Bilhaud and Michel Carre wrote “The
Surprises of Love’ in French, but it received
its first hearing on any stage in English at the
Lyceum Jast night. ‘The actors had been on-
gagud by Charles I'rohman for their suit-
ability for the parts, the more prominent roles
being intrusted to Fisio de Wolfe and
H. Reoves Smith, A play with o wholly orig-
inal plot is as welcome as itis rare. This farcl-
calcomedy starts on its course of fun froma
new idea, Ayoung Frenchman finde himself
completely out of money and decides to com-
mit suicide. Ho is saved from the act
by a friend, who advises him to live
{n the form of a human prize, to be won by the
holder of the lucky ticket in a lottery, The
purchasers are not told beforehand that the
Burnett prize fs a talented young man, able to
sing, dance and make himself otherwise at-
tractive, He fe won by a young widow
on the verge of marriage with a
literary member of the French Academy. Sho
tells him that she will not nave him and so he
threatens self-destruction. To this end he
throws himeelf {ato the public fountain that is
being dedicated with a grand fete. He
is fished out, but {6 as exhausted as
he {s soaked. This is where wo
leave him at the end of the firetact, The
eeoond finds him In a small cottage in tho
grounds surrounding the residence of the

widow, his owner. He Is the centre of
attraction of a bevy of gushing — girls.
They make an idol of him, waiting
on his every wish Tho widow is

jealous of theirattentions, for she has fallen In
love with her lottery prize, as ho has with her.
The woman's prospective bridegroom is also
under the influence of the green-cyed monster,
for he can seein this widow's love that she has
not realized herself Itisto keep this “prize”
trom {nterfering with the wedding, which is to
take place on the following day, that the groom-
elect locks him in the cottage and takes the

koy away. Instead of separating the
widow and the “prize” he has kept
them together, for she was in the

house and is therefore detained thore for the
entire night. This {s where the curtain |s
drawn on the second act. Thathird is at 10
the next morning, the wedding day, and the
man and woman are atill locked in
together. The intermission has been a
time of doubt and conjecture for the
audience, Their obvious question is not set-
tled inthe last act. Weare simply shown tha
departure of the widow and her “prize” for the
altarandthe discomfitare of the jilted bride-
groom-elee ,

This {s the general outline of a play, comedy
at times and faree at others, that puzzled last
night’s Lyceum audience, Was it indecent, or

was its morality doubted merely because
it was of French origin? It is a ques-
tion hard to settle. Two facts are

was refresitogiy original. Many of the lines
were clever * 0 Frenehy vein of humor and
the econstructton was fauitiess. The act-
ing, too, was commendable, though. :
concerned were perceptibly nervous. siala

de Wolfe was autifully ce@umed
widow. She acted part io ap original
manner and with unin effoct, Her per-

formance was more than ri A wy H. Reeves
Smith's impersonation of the “prize.” This
English comedian was seen nate 4 few
ears ago in “A Brace of Partridges.’
o that case he was the = saving
element of a wretchedly bad farce. Last Ale

eure, cis! pals aroused the audience and it

ho was the central figure inag one. He
acted ir a quiet yet always effective way. He
brought out all his points. and was fortunate
in having many opportunities, for he had
what actors cail a_fat part. His performance
was worthy of E. H. Sothern, and in fact re-
minded one ofthat actor, Olive May was the
only other player who came in for Individual
success, She was attractive and amusing
in a rather commonplace character of a
stage-satruck girl. Erie Hope was adequate
as the object of her admiration, Margaret
Robineon, Helen Keating snd Ellen Gail were
a beautifully gowned trio of gushing girls.
Wallace Erskine, Clayton hite, Horace
Porter Pel), alate theatrical recruit from the
social ranks: Frank Lea Short, Charles Bowser,
David MeCartney and others made up a cast
that will probably do itself more justice at
later performances,

The Castle Square Opera Company ones
more enriched New York's knowledge of
modern opera when it gave last night at the
American Theatre Nicolas Spinelll’s "A Basso
Porto,” or as itis called there “At the Lower
Harbour.” Sig. Spinelli is known chiefly
as the composer of this work, although his first
opera preceded it by several years. “A Basso
Porto,” after a series of successful perform-
ances in Italy, was brought to Germany by a
company of Italian singers and later per-
formed in various German cities, It has
held no place in the repertoire abroad,
in spite of its striking merits, because the
story, to which Spinolli’s music is weddel,
could attract no public for any length of time.
It begins in seduction and desertion, and
passes through treachery and theft to mur-
der, A mother struggles to keep her former
faithleas lover from debauching her daughter
by an honest man, after he has made a crime
inal out of her son, is itstheme. Revenge is the
motive for his conduct and that the mother
continues to have an affection for her first

lover does not mitigate the general
horror of the episodes. Eugenio Cheechi,
who devised the IJibretto, has given it

an undoubted dramatic force, although it would
have been difficult to deal with such emotions
and not produce some kind of an effect, The
acenes pass in the poor quarters of Naples
about the “lower harbor’ in which the erimi-
nals, conspirators and poorest working classes
are supposed to reside. The time of the action
is the early sixties,

Sig. Spinelli set for himaelf the task of com-
posing an adequate musical illustration of
these acenes, Ha has succeeded in accomplish-
ing that and che score of the new work is
wonderfully expressive of the story's spirit,
It abounds in bizarre orchestra) effects and is
constructed in a fashion that proclaims him
@ master of orchestral writing, [ts spirit,
moreover, {8 intensely dramatic and every
strenaous incident of the story is retlected in
the music. It seems wholly lacking in the
popular quality in the sense that ambitions
Works may possess that character, Its eanti-
bile passages aro either sentimen'altothe point
of banalityor merely con monplace. Twothemes
in the musie allote| to Mariain the first act
a serenade and clorus in the aecond act and
a jater chorus were more melodious than
any other numbers in the opera, But the
melodie gift of Sie, Spinelli is plainly not
his greatest claim to recognition and
it is probable if “At the Lower Harbor”
shows his talent at its beat that he has
rather the skill of the elever musician
than the natural gifts of the composer. The
Performance gave a fair impression of the
work. Selma Kronold stood on a higher plane
than any of her assoclates, seted with great in-
tensity and sang the dificalr musie that
falla to the mother’s pare with eonsiderable

ekill. The chorus overacted irritatingly and
sang  voelferousty, The orchestra was
too amall to do justice to the seore, but

NomualdoSapio, who nssumed control of it only
two days ago, accomplished more with the
meansat hand than any of his predecessors
ever has

There was some nlowith flowers and extra
applause last nightatcthe Casino, where “The
Velle of New York" was pu
company that was int! toward the end of its
Jong termin London, Edna May was still the
Falvation Army girl. but most of her compan-
fons were substitutes, some better and somo
worae, for those who were exported with the
extravaganza.

In “Naughty Anthony’ list night a tipsy
soene wasintrodice! Blanche Bates from the
first hada spell of champagne drinking, but in
the new arrangement the Chautauqua profes-

sorof mora! ecu'ture is her companon tn the
indulgence

It is said that the Annahelle Whitford an-
nounced to dance in the fanece dress ball seene
of “Bapho” is Annabelle Moore of Seeley
dinner notorlety. Olga Netheracle is credited
with insisting on the ehange of name

Blanche Mates and Mary Mannering are poa-
sible stars of next season, though nothing
definite tothatend has been dene as yet in
elther case.

It is probable after the preseribed
course of modern playa (s finished at the Car
negie Lyovum twoextra performances wil te
given, What will te used bas not been de.
cided, but Henrik [paen's latest rama may be
acted for the first time in this country, The
management says it will produce an American
work tifa suitable one can be found, hut. if not,
* Ghoata” may be revived,

Some of our renters are critica’, One writes
that in “Ben Hur,” for instance, the ancient
Romans record their racing bets on paper pads
with lead pencils, Another complains that it

thar

forwarl by the !

| qulesee:

eS ee

 

au ot Ber? Rep atta

 

 

the

sec sone net "with oy eh edly, the
eact Ww
river, and in the next it @eee w the the reflec-

tion {n exactly the eame place.
Cyril Scott, new in the cast of “Papa's Wife,”
has & part with few opportunities, but he
makes the beat of it.. In a new song he is
surrounded bya bevy of dancing and singing
ele in the manner that he was at Daly's.
he Absent-Minded Beggar” has broken
oo#e here, It was recited in London by Mrs.
natry, Mrs. Brown, Potter rs, Beorbohm
ree and many of the lessor ights. Nina Far-
rington spoke itat Koater & Bial’s on Sunday
night and it was sung in “The Bolle of New
York” last evening.
The single climax that Mire,
6 @

netry gots in
The Degenerates” loves

ect because it
Milner,

follows directly on the exit of Miss
whose acene of girlish innocence {# roundly
applauded, Then Mra, Langtry hae a fow

words to speak and the curtain comes down.
It i] Pleasant to note thatthe actress ia not
displeased by the auccess of others in her com-
to gho or, Wane is, she has the good sense not
ow it,
sleanor Moretti anpeared for the first timo
last night in “The Deggnerates, taking th
lace of Ethe! Henry. The new actress play 7
he part excellently and the chango strength-
ened the comedy. @ will contique p the
le for the reat of the plays crag tn ‘ew York
Kmmett Corrigan started ia the ttle pare ot
Ben Hur,” as BE. J. Morgan has retired trom
the vast to rehearse for “The Ambassador.”
Jiaa Nethersole haa svain postponed her
opeping at Wallack's in *" aRho * owlng to her
fliness. She ts atill in “ ington and tele-
graphed lank night that she may be able to
appear on Thuraday evening, but not belore,
and perhaps not then.

 

 

LE PROPHETE AT THE OPERA NUUSE,

 

Probably Ite Last Presentation Here This
Season.

Meyerbeer’s “Le Prophéte” was heard again.

last night at the Metropolitan Opera Hous,
and {t seems safe to make the prediction that
It will not be sung there another time
this season. It is extremely doubtful if
vitality could ever be again imparted,
80 far as use here is concerned, to this opera
by any possible means, Certain it is that “Le
Prophate” is not likely to receive in these days
at the Metropolitan the only kind of treat-
ment that could give it new life, When
Meyerbeer and Scribe set out to create
their grandiose series of works forthe Paria
Opera House the magnificence of their pur-
pose demanded every available resource of
that institution, If the most elaborate
theatrical apparatus was in those days neaded
to give the indispensable element to their

works, how much more necessary {a
it to-day that the merely apece
tacular plece of Meyerberian representa-

tions should be looked after with the greatest
car’. Taste has changed since these works
Wer) written. To-day only the attempt todo
something magnificent is evident in them,
The plan wasan ambitious one, but its Ideal
was too low and now these works are accepted
for the little that ie genuinely great in them
along with all that is bad in taste and art that
they contain.

Tho faults might be hidden tn tho cutter of
the spectacle that they are always intended to
have. Assuredly it is unessential to “Le
Prophite” tf it ever wus of any opera, But
that side of operatic Foprecep sation re-
celves little attention at the Metropolitan.

he only. means by which that opera
could possibly be resuscitated is not available.
The representation last night waa practically
identical with the first one, It had natural!
the ease that came from repetition. To MM,
Alvarez, Da Reazke, Plangon, Devries and
Bars and Miss Adams and Mme, Sebu-
mann-Heinck the principal roles = wera
again intrusted, Especial improvement was
noticeable in the case of M. Alvarez, and Miss
Adams has Rrgatly protted by her experience
in the role of Bertha,

 

MRS, SNELLING’S CONCERT,

A Successful Song Recital at Mendelssohn
Hall Yesterday.

Mendelssohn Hall was filled yesterday after-
noon to hear Mrs, Grenville Sneiling in a song
recital of an especially interesting nature.
Mrs. Snelling has been heard before on the
local concert stage, but she is capable now of
making much better use of her powers, end ia
improved in nearly every respect that {ncreases
a singer's excellence. Her numbers included
yesterday an aria from Galuppi’s “Adriano,”
English songs by Arthur Foote and Purcell,
a group of three French songs by Gabriel
Faure, an aria, “Ji M Aime Espow Charmant,’
from Maillart’s “Les Dragons de Villars,"’ three

German.songs by Christian Sinding, and a trio
ot old French songs Longy, the first
oboiat of the Boston Symphony orchestra,
who ‘sa master in his fleld, contributed variety
tothe programme bya number of selections
aa agreeable on account of the comparative
novelty of the oboe as a solo Instrument in the
concert room as from his skilful playing,

Mrs. Snelling possesses a light soprano voice
ot especially sympathetic and delightful char-
acter. She uses it with skill and her singing
ia marked always by taste and Intelligence.
There were songs of very varied character
yesterday and she Interpreted them all in a
way that revealed her complete understanding
of their significanve, Mrs, Snelling seemed to
be better equipped than most American vova-
lista forthe task of Interpreting French and
German songs, One of her achievements yes-
terday was the singinwof the three old French
numbers which her dramatic action most
piquantly and charmingly illustrated. The
three German songs hy Sinding were inter-
esting and the second, " Mir. Glaenzen dia
Augen.” proved especially effective. They
served to exhibit well a more serious phase
of Mrs. Snelling’s art.

Calve to Sing on Sunday Evening.

Mile. Calvé is to sing at the Metropolitan
Opera House in concert on next Sunday night
for the only time during the season, and
prices will ba advanced for that evening.
Ae Mile. Calv‘¢ does not usually sing on two
nights in suecesaion it wil 1
observe ff she appears on Monday in''Le Nozze
di Figaro.” She is to sing the part for the
flrat time here it sho keeps to her intention,

To-day's Padereweki-Adamowski Recital.

The folowing is the programme of the
Paderewski-Adamowsk! recital this afternoon :

1. Quartette for strings, F, Major, Op, 10.,,,
. seat : ‘ Roman Statkowshi
Adamowseki Quartette,

 

2, Solia. Ballade, b, Nocturne, ¢, Ftude .....Chopin
d. Cracovienne Paderewski
e, Khapsodie Lisst

Mr. Paderewakl.

8. Quartette for piano ond strings, E Flat Major,
p, 47 . Sebumann
Mr. Paderewski and Adamowsk! Quartette,

MR. AUSTIN ON THE 2I8T FIGHT,

Some Replies to Col. Gruber—A General
District Committee Organized,

Former Assemblyman George ©. Austin of
the Twenty-first district, speaking yesterday of
the controversy in that district and the Nght
to depose Col, Abraham Gruber as leader, sald;

"A General District Committee has been or-

ganized consisting of five enrolled Republi-
cans in each election district, making 210 in
all, Headquarters have been established at
the southeast corner of JO0Ist street and
Broadway, and will be open every evening, ex-
cept Sundays, untilafter the primaries, Any
Republican in the distriet will be weleome
there atany tune, Me-tings will be beld in
each elvetion diatriet and the canvass con-
dueted vigorously and thoroughly until the
primaries are held,

Tam not authorized by the committea to
say anything further at the preseot time in
relerence to its plans or as to the situation
generally, except todeny some of the stories
reeentiy published that the election of Mr
Maas to the Eleetion Officers’ Committee of
the County Cominittee, and miyselfas a mem-
ber of the County Committe, to fill a vaeaney,
meant that a compromise had been effected

| and that the contest had been abandoned, The

of Mr. Maas and myself was ae-
in by Mr. Gruber ip orlerto avoid
an official exposure of his own weakness,
This is now generally understool in the dis-
trict.

eloetion

“Furthermore, regarding Mr, Gruber'’s con- |

stant assertion that this contost is inspired by
Mr. Quigg. and his dally effort to. make Mr,
Quige an element in our contest, I have been
inatiuctel to gay that the statements are abso-
lutely untrue, and that. Mr. Quigg neither of-
fleially nor individually had anything todo with
ir, either in the first instance or since, and that
if Mr. Quigg were to resign a3 Prosident of the
County Committee toemorrow it would have
no oeffeer whatever on the situation in
the district, as the Republicans tn sympathy
with the movement are determined to have an
opportunityat the March primaries to vote for
deiegates Who will be in entire harmony with
the National and State administrations, and
thus express thelroplnionaasto Mr. Gruber's
conduet andattituve as the oficial leader of
the district. The contestis the natural reault
ofa political situation created solely by Mr.
Gruber and for which be must assume the
entire responsibility,”

Hort Surprises Boston Politictans,

Poston, Jan, 22.- Mayor Hart surprised the
politicians late thia afternoon by naming Ber-
trand T. Wheeler a8 Superintendent of Streets,
to suvceed Superintendent Wells. Wheeler
hela the place under Mayor Curtis. The
prophets all thought the nominve would be
George N, Swaliow, chairman of the Republi-
can City Committee,

Mayor

be Interesting to |

$$ $$$

 

 

Seen

' ings,

- ° THE SUN, TUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1550.

——-—

THE BROOKLYN REVIVAL.

DR. BROUGHTON’S QUAINT AND STIR-
MING APPEALS TO SINNERS,

 

 

Audience in Central Baptist Church Last
Night Deeply Moved-An Estimate of
tho Resalts of the Movement Last Week
~Broughton Takes a Fling at De Costa,

Tho second week of the big evangelistio
movement in Brooklyn, whieh the Rey, Dr, Lon
G. Broughton of Atlanta, Ga, is conducting,
nesisted by many local clergymen began yes-
terday, The first day closed with a service in
the Central Baptist Church last night, which in
attendance and enthusiasm outstripped any-
thing that the evangelists who are trying to
reduco the appalling total of 00,000 pon.
churchgolng persons in the borough havo yot
succeeded {n accomplishing. For the first
woek thoy claim about three hundred converts,
and about threo times that number set to
thinkite, who will come forward in good time
and avow their belief. They are more than
satisfied with these results and say that the
signs are that Brook!yn will be shaken up as it
never was before.

So many of the Brooklyn chureles are clam-
oring for the services of Dr. Broughton that
those in charge of the revival have decided to
assign him tothree or four churches at once,
the pastors and people of which are to select
the church in which services are to be held and
are tocodperate in making the meetings suc-
cessful. For this week Dr. Broughton is he!lp-
ing the Central Baptist Church, the Simpson
Methodist Episcopal Chureh, the Cumberland
Street Presbyterian Church and the North Re-
formed Church. and services will be held every
night in the Central Baptist Church on Adelphi
street near Myrtle avenue. There was a largo
illuminated sign in front of the church last
night informing passersby that “Len 4,
Broughton will apeak here to-night,” and the
church was crowded to the doors at 8 o'clock,

In opening the meoting the Rev. Albert
Bacon Sears said that some three hundred per-
sons had been brought to Christ in five days
last week, and that he hoped an even greater
total could be shown at the end of the present
week. He then introduced Dr, Broughton, who
offered prayor and delivered a characteristic
revival address, He said in part:

Io beginning a work such as wo are start-
ing to-night in this district 1 always feel that
the absolutely necossary thing to do is to lay
the proper foundation. If I'm a crank about
one thing, itis avout making my foundations
sure, and I wish all of those who want to be
Christians would bear this in mind. We must
not try to get to the top without starting at the
bottom. If there's one fault that I've
found in my experience, it is that people
are not careful enough about the founda-
tions of their Christianity. Our great fault
is our Insatiable cesire to go ahead,
Why right in my own church, where [ thought
that the foundation had been properly laid, it
it was ip any church in the country, I discov-
eredashort time ago that two of my deacons
hadn't been speaking to each other for three
months. [tjust proved to me that, careful as
Thad been, I had not been careful enough, and

80 I say to you all to-night, look to the secu.
rity of your foundations before you try to go
ahead,

“T believe the Lord has given me a message
to you, and thal that message is to warn you
to look to the basis of your Jove for Christ.
Christ had been prophesied for 4,000 years,
and John the Baptist came as a forerunner.
‘Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his

atha straight.’ Brethren, the Lord doesn’t
ikea crooked path and He wont travel by one,
Pat thatin your note book to-night. The Lor
is not coming (o your chureh ly any zig-z
route, You must make the path astraght one
forhim. I ask you to look to your paths and
sea if they're straight, so that Jesus may
come to you,

“Before Jesus Christ can come to your heart
and make you happy, before vou can rejoice in
His Jove, your heart must beright in Hissight;
and there can be no ball-way business ahout
it. Uf God, looking into your heart to-night,
said that it was nor right, [tell you, you would
be lettontof His blessing Make your heart
right in God's sight, sisters and brothers, and
do it pow. [ was delighted to. hear vour
pastoreall for prayers to-night. Prayer isthe
ali-powerful thing, and we cannot have too

   
 
 

much of it. But ler me tell you that unless
your heart is right, there is) no power
in your prayers and you pray in vain

Many people say that their praversa aro not an-
swored, They want to know why, It's because
there is sin In the heart, and although man
doesn’t see it, it cannot be hidden from God,
and God shuts His ears and will not listen,
God closes His earstothe man and woman in
whee hearts there is iniquity and He always
will.

“Now, brothers and sisters, if you want re-
vivalain your individual hearts the thing to
do isto clean out your hearts and make your
lives clean, so that there will be something
substantial to base them on. We may all have
clean hearts. Nothing is easier, God is just
waiting to give to every man and woman a
perfect tidal wave of salvation. Set yourself

and your chureh right in the sight of God and
your individual revival and ourrevival will be
all right,

“Now, Tsay to each one of you. How ts vour
heart?) Are you willing to abandon sin and let

God take possession? Will youdo this? Tf so,

you're all right. Now, what is the next step?
“Wo must see how we stand toward each
other. for. if we would stand right in the sight
of God we must first stand rightin the siaht of
man. I don't hesitate to say that if your hearts

are harboring bitterness toward others the
wates of Heaven are barred. to you, How under
the sun can you met into Heaven with you

hearts full of unforgiveness. Oh, you say, vou

really haven't anything against anybody or
you say, well, it was her fault or his fault. Of
vourse it was, [t's always somebody elses

fault. Brother, in seeking sin, the hardest
work in the world is to flud the guilty man. it»
always somebody else's fault,

“Now, brother, have you had any church

 

rackets’ Been any row in the ladies’ |
circle? or a bust-up in the choir?) Langh-
ter You Jaugh as though there bad,

If via have, job ints your hearts to-night,
turn up the soiland let ciol’s sun shine on it
forawhile, Dknowa church down in Rieh-

! mond that was the worst mongrel congrenie

non Teversav. It was made yp of peop e who
got into fights in other churches and demanded
their letters. and, o: course, When they got into
theotherehurch they got into troubie there,
heenuse such was their way. Dprenehed for-
giveness there and bo suceeaded tn atir-
ring that congregation so that before Eleft I
had publicly settiot forty-seven grudges that
the nem bers held against one anocher,
“Ttellyou that until your church is ready to
square itselfin the tine of forgiveness, there is
no blessing in store for it. Inthe name of God,
end for the sake of your homes, your happl-
ness and your church, P beg you, LT pray you, if
there is any trouble in your hearts to-night, go
and straighten it up. ;
“There was atime once when members of
orders snd societies at home, keot asking me
to preach tothem Dkept refusing, until one
time the ideacamete me fo aceent the 1
invitation and Ldidit. “The man who a t
mo was pleased and sald: ‘If you'lleome [ll
send youa jot of our fiterature so you'll be
posted on whatto say’ That's just the way
the Devil is being served in somo. pulpits,
where the advertisement of fraternal
orders is regarde las a higher work than the
saving of sinners, When | preached to that
soolety Lnever mentioned the literatura they
had sent me, but TF mentionad some other
things, and Twas never asked again to preach
nsermon toa secret order in that place
“Brothers, we want persona’ work, You
have a wide territory here and a splendid fleld
for work, bur you must lose notime T belleve
that the Holy j has struck New
York assure as Ti} ve in the dloly Ghost
What we want her a realoid-fashioned Holy
rd that wil make all the

      

 

   

Ghost revival, the ki
little aceptios stand up and say, "Now, really,
what does this almenan? Ciod has something
fora'lof you,as much foe one as for another,
and he who says ife has favorites slanders
God.’

Dr. Broughton’s noontay serviee in the

Young Men's Christian Assoclation Hall was
not $0 largely attended as last week's meet.
hut there was a considerable aidience,
Dr. Broughton said that not only Brooklyn
but cities all over the country Were waking up
and showing evidence of getting better. Ne-
ferring to Dr, De Costa’s reason for going over
to the Roman Catholic Chureh, “that: Protes-
tant sm is falling to pieces: that Catholicigm is
the purest gem, and will endure forever,” Dr,
Broughton sald:

“4 man who would make such a statement
aathat doesn’t know much; he hasn't been
around much, He may have read a great deal,
but he doesn’t know what he is talking about,
Yh sjathe gtaddest day for Protestantism that
we have ever had.

"We need falth and fllelityt. do anything
in this world, Peter wathed out on the water
to meet Christ all right nntil a bie wave came
along. Then, he said; ‘Oh my, ain't that a
breaker,’ lost faith and sank. He would have
aunk te the hettom of the sea if he hadn't
turned his eyes to Jesus again. Some o! you
say that God can't sive erk. That's
because vou haven't faith, Weean save itall
right with Gols help, and will doit”

 

GLORGIAREVIVALISTIS MAINIATTAN,

The Rev. Dr. Broughton Aska That the
Churches Come Bown to the People.
Abouta thousand women and. two hundred

men were attracted to the Marble Collegiate

Chureh at Fifthavenueand Twenty-ninth street

yesterday afternoon by the ree that |

Aixty-ninth street,

 

 

 

—_——_———

the religious revival begun in Brooklyn by the
Georgia revivalist, the Rev. L. G. Broughton,
would bo continued in Manhattan. The Fiske
Jubilee singers opened the sorvices by singing
hymns set to plantation melodies. and then the
Hey, A. C. Dixon introduced Dr. Broughton,
who epoke for three hours on “How We May
Win Souls.’ Pastors who were attached to
churches which were not goal: planing
churches ought to get out, he aald, and preac
in theatres, or @o over to a Bowery mission,
where they could have at least # dozen con-
verts,

“Th one city L visited recently,” he continued,
“there were four leading churches of our do-
nomination possessing aplendid bal!diogs and
aplendid pastors, but in sixteen months only
sixteen persone had been converted {n these
churches, In another city 1 visited I tound
that seven churches brought in only seventeen
converts, The queetoe arises, ‘Are we saving
souls by the profession of faith?’ We need ner.
sons with clean hearts to go out and win souls.”

Countess Schimmelman is to tell her life
story at services tn the church next Monday
afternoon,

DEATH OF A STRANGKH MAN,

He Had Seven Wives Before He Was
Twenty~ Prayed for Death for Thirty Years,

Cotpwatrn, Mich,, Jan, 22.—For thirty years
Nathan 8, Reed has been an inmate of the
Branch County poorhouse and every day
ho has been praying for death. He died
yesterday. He was born in Now York
wighty-three years ago of parents who
had small affection for him, and when
a mere chil he cut adrift from home and went
to live with aneighbor, At the age often he
had grown a full beard and was frequently
mistaken for aman of twenty. His physique
was largo and commanding. At the age of
eleven he was credited with being the best
Jancer in the neighborheod, A year later he
won the hand of a neighbor's daughter and
married herin deflance of her parents, Tho
frate father-in-law kidnapped the wife on her
wedding duy and Reed did not see her again
for years and then she was the wife of an-
other,

Two years later, when he was fourteen, Reed
married another girl of his native town with
the consent of hor parents. After the wedding
ceremony he started to take his tride home in
a buggy but on the way the horse beeame
frightened the buggy was overturned and the
bride of two hours Was thrown out and killed
instantly. Inafew weeks he married again
but his wife did not ineet his expectations, Hae
put her away on his own ipse dixit and took
another, The fourth wile was a termagant
and he left her, Then he married three more
women in rapid succession, He was not yet
20 yeara old, — but he had been
the huaband of seven wives, When he tried to
put away the last one she rebelled and fling in-
formation against him had him taken into
court and sent to prison. He got out of prison
and lived 2 moderately respectable life, but he
was the vielim of sunatroke and the results
were that he became a phyaleal wreck, For
many years he worked about the Livery stables
of this village andin that occupation became
widely known to the commercial travelers as
“Unele Nate.” Thirty yearsago he became en-
tirely incapacitated and was committed tothe
county house, where he lived for three decades,
every nigbt praying God for death. It came
unexpectedly after his regular morning devo-
tions,

 

COST OF THE MAZST COMMITTEE,

It Will Aggregate About $75,000— Muss and
Clarke to Get 810,000 Each,

Arnayy, Jan, 22.--Much interest has been
manifested among the members of thf Legis-
futuro regarding the expenses of ths Mazet
Committeo, whieh spent the greater part of
last year in investigating the New York
city administration. it was learned to-night
that these expenses will aggregate about
$75,000 Tho last Legislature appropri-
ated 50,000 for the expenses of the
committee, of which about $45,000 have
already been expended, The counsel to the
committee are to get $25,000, Mr, Frank Moss
and Mr. John Proctor Clarke each will get

$10,009, and Mr, Frank J. Laimbeer $5,000
Mr. Moss wanted $20,000, but the committees
thought $10,000 was enough for him, .The
coma ttee, of course, recognizes that Mr. Moss
worked hard as ita counsel, but several of the
members of the committes believe that Mr,
Moss did a lot of unnecessary work ond that
services in such cases should be judged by re-
sults

Mr. Clarke is revising the testimony taken by
the committee and preparing it forthe printer,
He is cutting out all extraneous and unim-
portant testimony and the long apeechas de-
livered by Mr, Moss during the progress of the
investigation, The money to pay the counsel
to the committee will be provided for in the
annual Supoly bill

Dance at Mr. and Mrs, Ozden Mills's,

Mr. and Mrs. Ogden Mills gave a dance last
night at their residence at Fifth avenue and
There was no set floral
decoration, but the hall and salons were em-
bellished with flowers from the Mills country
place at Hyde Park. Mrs. Mills wore a costume
of pale gray tuile. The cotillon was led by
Worthington Whitehouse dancing with Mrs
Mills. The favors included a variety of silver
trinkets from Pars, which had not Leen opened
until late yesterday afternoon,

Among the 200) guests were and
Mra, Stuyvesant Vish, Misa Mary Crocker, Miss
Sands, Gen. and Mrs, Lioyd Bryce, the Misses
Morton. Lispenard Stewart, Creighton Webb,
tho Misses Gerry, Ceaig Wadsworth, (lfonso da

Novarro, Mroand Mrs, M. Orme Wilson, R, I
Wilson. dr. Me. and Mra, Blisha Dyer Jr, Miss

Mr,

 

Daisy Post, Mroan! Mrs, Wo Starr Miller, Miss
Lvelyn Burden, Miss Morgan, Mr and Mrs
Georks DB. De Porest, Barclay Kountze, Mr and

    

Mis Oliver Harriman, tr, Mrs, Burkes Roche,
Miss Wermore, DLO. Mills, Miss Beatrice Bend,
Do Peyater Livingston, Mr. and Mrs, Td. Oak.
ley Rhinelander,Cam bridge Livingston, Mr and

  

Mrs, John BR. Drexei, Meo and Mrs, Po Loritlard
Ronalds, dr, Miss Cameron, BoP. Van Cortlandt,
Sohuyier Sehteffelin, Henry Ro Winthrop, Miss
Marie Winthrop. Mr. and Mra, Edmund

Baviies, the Messrs, d' Hauteville, Mrs, Herman
Oolrichs, Mr and Mra, Whitelaw Reid, and Mr,
and Mes. Stanford White.

Cassatt Pell.

PuIADeLruia, Jan, 22.—Miss Minnie Drese
Fe}! daughter of Mrs, Alexander Van
Rensseleer, and Robert Kelso Cassatt, son of
Alexander J. Cassatt, President of the Penn.
sylvania Railroad Company, were married at
noon to-day in St. Thomas's Episcopal Church
at Camp Till by the rector, the Rev. Samuol
Snelling, assisted by the Rev. Henry Ingersoll
Meigs. As the last words of the final prayer
wore uttered the choir sang the anthem,
“Poepfect Love.” Mendelssohn's wedding
mare) followed and the newly wedded pair
passed down the aisle and into thelr carringe,
in Which they were taken to the country home
of Mrs. Van Rensselaer, where a reception was
held.

The bride did not wear any jewelry. Her
dress was of white point d’Alencon, a veil of
white tulle was fastened to her hair by a single
white rose and in ber left hand she carried a
white prayer book. The flower girls wore
dresses of white chiffon. Tho bridemaids
wore white panne velvet, with pleated chiffon
trains, Their hats were of white chiffon, with
white ostrich plumes, and they earriod ime
mense bunches of lilies Mrs. Van Heassalear
wore a gown of dark blue velvet and blue and
white hat : d :

The bridemalds were Misa May Fell, sister
of the bride Miss Bilen Drexel Paul, Miss
Kathorine Cassatt, Misa Bisie Cassatt, Miss
Rhoda Howe, Miss Lille Rhodes and Miss
Pauline Biddle of this city: Miss Mary MeCor-
mick of Chicago,and Miss Grey of Albany,
The bridegroom was attended by Murray Ford
of Boston. as) best man, The ushers were
George MePadden, samuel K. Reed, George L,
Harrison, Thomas Ridgway, Livingstone L.

tiddie PL OW. Rawle and Samuel Chew of this

 

ety: & A Lawton of New York and C, W,
Hanfordof Pittsburg. The Mower girls were
Miss Vrances Felland Miss Mary Astor Paul.

‘Tho brite was given away by her stepfather
Mr. Van Lersselaer,

A Paris Wedding of Interest Here,

The wedding to-day at Paris of Miss Marion
Munroe and M. Henri Hottingner at the Amer-
ican Episcopal Chureh, in the Avenue Alma, is
of interest here, where the bride is well known
tosociety. Gen. Horace Porter, United States
Ambassador; John Munroe, the bride's
brother, whois a Paris banker: Francia Hot-
tingperand Baron de Bethman are to be the
groomsmen. Five hundred bridal gifts have
been displayed atthe bride's home, ‘These in-
eluded a tisra of diamonds from the bride-
groom, three diamond neeklacea, two pearl
neck laces, and several silver table sets,

 

HBaumann—Englander,

The wedding of Miss Lillie Baumann
Max Englander was celebrated Jast night at
Sherry’s. The bride iaadaughcer of Mr. and
Mrs, Samuel Baumann of OL West Lighty-
ninth street

1

It You Are Pressed for Tim:

“Want advertisements for Tae Sus may be
left at_any Amertean District or Postal Teles
graph MessengeroMfce, Charges the sume a9
at Jue SUN ollice, Ade

HOW THEWHEELS DID WHIR!

WHEN THE GET TOGETHER CLUB
TURNED THE CRAKS,

 

 

There Was G. Fred, Who Gave Up His Re-
apectability to Bo “Free,” and Prof.
Herron, Who Revolutionizes Even the
English Grammar—One Sane Man Got in
and, Strange to Say, They Liked Him.

The Get Together Club got together at the
Hotel St. George in Brooklyn last night an as-
sortment of gentlemen rathor severely affiloted
with theorlea, each of whom expounded his
own particular theory with sehemence, Only
one man of facta spoke, and he wasn't on the
programme as originally devised, Neverthe-
less, J. H, Patterson, who is at the
head of a large manufacturing plant in
Dayton, Ohio, made the hit of the evening. G.
Fred Williams presided and opened up by de-
claring that there was extant a huge social
conspiracy to suppress freedom of thought and
apecch, but that he had attained to a condition
of independence by sacrificing hia reapecta-
bility. He then introduced Prof. George D
Herronas “a man who attacks the existing
order of things, who deprecates practically all
of the existing conditions '

Prof. Herron recently resigned the profeasor-
ship of applied Christianity in Iowa University,
giving as his reason that his economic veliefs
didn't agree whith the present teachings of
Christianity, If his chatr bad boen that of
grammar, it ja conceivable that his departure
might have been for another reason, as he
evinced a firm conviction that the pronoun "I"
should be used aa the object of both verb and
preposition. Prof. Herron started right
in to deprecate, and deprecated eveything now
existent, but declared his unfalling belief in
what he termed the “few cher.” His subject
was “Leonomie Justice,” but there would be
no such thing, he sald, as justice in the good
time coming because justice was founded on
the meum and tuum principle, and when tha
“tiger philosophy” of the Now gave way to the
“spiritual philosophy” of the Then there would
be no meum and tuum,

“You're a miserable lot of slaves here to-
night,” he sald, with cheerful frankness, “only
you daren'tadmitit. But, all this will change
We have reached that stage where the practi-
cal man ia going to bo ealled to the bar of jus-
ties, If there’s any man who Iacka ordinary
economic sense, it is the so-called practical
man whois being ground to powder In his own
machine to-day. There is nothing truly prac-
tical except some part of the ideal, This world
of competition, where millions of soule are
slain in the deadly warfare for bread, is
totally impractica!. Tho bulk of mankind

in what we eca'l Christendom is being slowly
starved to death in a world that could support
a thoneand times the number. Nothing can
Prevent the coming of a new epoch; a
socialistic epoch, Lventually I look for
something infinitely more radical and
liberating than — socialism In not
using the word soclalism in a
sectarian sense, but as the new basis of
world building. Socialism isp*taoming by the
ordinary evolutionist programme. You think
it is, but most everything you think jan’t 60
Laughter.) It's too late forthat. This nation
ishurd up against the day of judgment. and
the present orderof things is doomed, There
remains only the opportunity for social revoin-
tion. You have only the cholce between the
moral revolution and the wild revolt of the op-
pressed classes with despotisin staring them
in the face,

“Already America ja absolutely governed by
A capitalistte class, Capitalign pare and sim-
ple is enthroned in state, church, the presa and
the colleges; tt controls the whole mechanism
of society, We pray in church ‘Thy kingdom
come,’ but I suppose nothing could create so
rreat a panic as the possibility of its coming.
Nine-tentha of human effort is wasted. The
bulk of genius never appears. Not one-thou-
sandth part of the potential production of the
earthis used, That world-change coming is
coiling foryouand| to tuke some sort of an
attitude on the question. Repent, for the
Kingdom of Heaven is a hand.”

Prof, Patrick Geddes, secretary of the Paris
International Assembly, spoke on “The Inter-
pretation of World Fxpositions,” and was. fol-
owed by Eitweed Pomeroy, secretary of the
Nattonal Direct Legislation League, who

ave his theories of “The Ethics — of

Jomocracy.” kdwin Markham, who has
sprung into prominence as the author
of “The Man With the Hoe,” was next
introduced to speak on “Brotherhood.” Mr,
Markham spoke of the teachings of Christ. as
being founded on brotherhood, Then Mr,
Patterson was introduced, the chairman re-
marking that he wasa man who believed that
matters could be made right uader the present
system, Mr. Patterson got up and apoke off-
hand, but very much as if he meant it,

“It's all very well,” he said, “totalk about
the great future, and what will happen 500
years from now, But a great manyof us are
likely to be dead by that time, and our business
at present is to see what we can do to better
conditions while we are alive Here in this
city you onght to be the leaders of progress,
for vou've got the material, mental and moral,
Hero is where the changes and improvements
ought to begin

“There are five great powers that cando any.
thing in the line of reform, and each of then
begins withthe letter Po There's the Proprie-
tor Whether he runs a corner grocery or a
vast industrial plant let him treat his em-
proves with honesty, justice, and some regard
or their interests as human beings. There's
the Pedagogne, Let him educate our children
untiithey are 1 years old to be honest and
and industrious ond cleanly, and disease
ane erime will disappear and no-
body will die exeept 9 of _aceident 9 or
oldage, There'sthe Preacher. Let him work
forthe uplitting of humanity and not egy folks
on to gave thetrown little individual souls and
letthe rvestg@o, There's the Politician. Let
him forget the dollar and make a stand for
goodsehools and enough of them, Last and
most influentiabofal, there's the Press, Now
who are those that are behind oursp ings of
action: Who clear-sighted and unafraid pull
the wires that move us?"

“The women?” said someboly,

“The women, of course, Applause Let
them get Intoa movement, heart and soul, and
kee how it prospers, Jf they aren't interested
we must get them interested, Onee they're
organized they ean bring about anything, and
you il fod them standing alwaya for the better
and cleaner side of any question jut we
mustn't go too fast, We must make up our
mninds what we want before we start an
upheaval, Don't let us have again here such
An upheaval as under the name of reform
brought abour a revolution io the city govern.
ment and seattered vice broadcast through the
city, Know what you want first, then @o ahead,
When the women are organized for
any purpose. let them work through
the press The papers will) print what
they do; thev ll be glad to printit. And that's
abetter nse for energy than starting settle.
ments, though the settlements are ood in
their wav, What l want to be understood to
say is that we don’t need to walt for SOO years
anda generalechange before starting in to or-
ganize and make things go better,”

Although he meeting had begun to break up
before Mr. Patterson began to talk, the mem-
bers who had started out remained standing
where they were until he bad finished and ap-
plauded him heartily when he sat down.

 

 

LEVCTION DAVIN THE THIRTY-FIRS’,
Slater's Return to the Assembly Is Con-
tidenthy Expected,

The Republican workers inthe Thirty-first
Assembly district worked hard all day yester-

day under the direction of Silas C.
Croft, the leader. They made a house-
to-house canvass and saw a great

many Republican voters. They were well satis-
fled with the result of their labors last night,
and declared that the only thing that would

prevent the reflection of Samuel &. Slater to
the Assembly at the special election to-day
would be either an as yet undiscovered apathy
on the part of the Republican votera or a
teeling of over-con fidence,

Anumberofthem said last night that they
hidreeceived promises from many Tammary
voters to cast their ballots for Slater, It is
known that the schoo'teichers have been
working for him all through the campaign
preceding thls special election becanse it was
Kinter who introduced the Ahearn bill in the
Assembly and worked for it until he secured
its passage, —

Mr. Croft said last night that he was posi-
tive that Slater woul! win, and that if the
yore came in at all slow to-morrow the
workers would gothe roundsagain and bring
the voters to the polla.

'
| In the Hands of a Receiver.
| RocHESTER, Jan, 22.~The Eddy & Webster
Company of State street, manufacturers of fine
| shows, went into the hands of a reveiver to-day.
An order to that effect was aigned by Justices
| Davy of the Supreme Court. The reason given
{a the serious illness of Col. 8. 8. Edily, the
| largest stockholder of the voncern, By the
terms of the receivership Gustavus AH. Steir
who has been connected with the company for
| twelve years, asanines charge and Mr. kid ly
withdraws
| OOO and the assets are about the sane.
t ‘
Dead With the Gas Turned On.
Aman eupposed to be Thomas Dully was
found dead in a room in Marty MeDonalid’s

) Raines law hotel, Coney Island, yesterday,
| Ths gas was turned on aud he had beeu dead
fou several hours,

 

The debts amount to about $3",- |

 

ACCUSES A BLIND PHYSICIAN.

 

 

14-Yea>Old Boy Complains of a Beating
by Dr. Thalberg of the Waldorf-Astoria.

Dr. fohn Thalberg. a blind physician, who
lives at the Waldorf-Astoria and whose office is
at 26 West Thirty-fourth atreet, was escorted
to the West Fifty-fourth street police court br
hie attendant, Dr, Sargont, yesterday morning,
and was arraigned on the charge of assaulting
Arthur Magnet, 14 yoars oll of 317 Wost
Thirtieth street. A warrant had been issued
for the physician and given to Gerry Agent
Thomas H. Acnew to serve, but Dr. Thalberg
was not arrested. “When I went to the
Waldorf-Astoria Just night to make the
arcest,” sald Agnew, “I learned that the
doctor was blind sol didn't care to lock him
up. He promised to come to court voluntarily
this morning.”

When tho case was called counsel for the
phyalcian said that he was not prepared foran
examination and asked for an adjournment.
The case was then sot down fora hearing to-
morrow and the prisoner was paroled in the
custody of his lawyer, Arthur Magnet, tho
complainant, told the Gerry agent and the re-
porter the following story:

“Ido not know where I was born or who my
parente were. My firet recollections are of liv.
ing witha Mrs. Frazee, who was very good to

@,at 8 Hoten terrace, Ran Franctse. When

was 3 years old a lawyer from New Yorkeame
tothe house ani tried to get me, but Mra.
Frazee would not let me go. Six years ago Dr.
Thalberg came and eald that he was colng to
bring mv East, IT usked Mes. Frazee who the
man was and she said, ‘That's your father.’
The doctor brought me here and sent me to
several kchools All the time he wanted me to
go tosea Finally, he put me aboard the achool
ship St. Mary's, where I remained eighteen
months. HKefore thut he had kept me on a farm
in Greenport two yeare.

“When [left the achoolahip the doctor kept
on telling methat I mustg@o to sea. I gota
job on a steamship_at the Atlantic docka tn

reoklyn and the officers kicked me aa’ ran
away ang gota jobinudrug store on ‘Twenty-
third streot for $6 a waek,. r. Thalberg
wouldn't let me keep tt.. Then I eot a jobina
stationery store at 401 Fifth avenue but he
wouldn’tlet me keep that because he wanted
me togotosea, All this time I was boarding
at3l7 Wost Thirtieth street. A week ago the
landiady, Mra, Barton, wentover to Dr. 'Thal-
pere's towet some money for my board. Ha
told hertocome again in the afternoon and
bring meso we both went to hia office In the
afternoon and the first thing he did was to beat
me with hiscane until he broke it on me.
Whenever I have usked the doctor who my
parents were he has sald ‘never mind” He
saya that my father is the captain of a ship, but
that’s all he'll tell me.”

aie Barton, who will appear in court on
Wednesday as a witness for the boy, when seen
at her home corroborated Magnet’s atory of
the assault, which, #he said, she witnessed
“The case was reported to the Gerry Society.”
she added, “by Mr. Joseph Williams, one of my
boardera.”’

Dr. Thalberg would nottalk about the case,
bot his representative, Dr, Sargent, aalit:
“This Magnet boy isa wall, whom Dr, Thal-
borg took nn interest in and befriended, but he
hos proved tu be ungrateful and deceitful. The
doetor dors want him to go to sea He has ob-
jected to his working in stores because he is
apt.to be dishonest.’

When asked about the boy's assertion that
he had been told that Dr. Thalbere was his
father, Dr. Sargent replied that he had never
heard of any such élaimn and that there was no
truth fn it anyway,

Ban Francisco, Cal, Jan, 22.—The Gerry
Bociety of New York is Jooking up the case of
the boy, Arthur Magnet, here. Mra. Frazee
{a the widow of a well-known Callfornia

architect, who died in. I8R2, leaving her
a smal! property. She ts a well-bred
Irish woman, but shy and unworldly.

A year atter the death of her husband, Dr.
Thalberg, @ blind physician who bad bean
lotging at her house proposed that ehe adopt
& three weeks’ old hoy, who he said was the
son of his old friend, Arthur Magnet. The
doctor said that both of the boy's parents were
dead, and she could have full control over him
and train him as her own, He promised to ald
in the lad’s support, but sent money only for
one year. In telling her story to-night Mrs.
Frazee anid:

“Thad the boy christened Arthur after my
husband and brought him up well till he was
1). Then one dav Thatherg appeared with
a Sheriff's warrant and sald he had come to
take the boy back to New. York, where he
would educate bim. L[wasafraid to appeal to
the courta, but pleaded to have the
lad. stay one more night with me.
Arthur was terrified, When put him to bed
he said: ‘Mamma, I wish God would end my
life to-night Instead of letting me go with that
terrible man.’ Thalberg took him away the

next day and though he promised to
let the boy write [ have received only atx
letters and these all show that they have been

written and posted secretly, They all say that
he is unhappy and wishes to come back here,
IT dream of him nearly every night and my only
hope is to recover the boy and have him live
with me.’

Mrs. Frazee has diseovered that Thalberg
swore that he was the boy's father when he
secured the warrant. Two years ago, she
says, she wanted to send the boy a wateh or
bievele for a birthday present. but Thalberg
rent her word to send $100 and he would buy a
present in New York.

{ COLONIAL SALE HERP,

Furniture and Porcelains of John Eager
Howard to Be Disposed OF,

An interesting co lection of antique furni-
ture and porcelains will be sold on Wednues-
day afternoon and the following afternoons of
this week at the Knickerbocker Auction Room
in Twenty-eighth street, The collection came
from the homestead of John Eager Howard at
Claremont, on Calverton Heights, near Balti-
more, ‘The furniture is said to have been in
the house sines itwaa bailt in 1774, and some
of it looks as if that were trae, Rome of the
eximples of Colonial perio! have been in use
until recently and are in’ good  gondition.
George Washington, it is said, was a guest at
the Howard homestead, and the dining room
table at which he sat and achair that he used
are offered for sale, A miniature of Lafayette
painted by Trumbull, and some specimens of
early American porcetnin ornamented with
American views, and the family strong box
with its key welgitng about three pounds, are
among the other objects in the collection,

CORONER HOLDS FREUD'S SURVIVORS,

Old Vineenzo Spinella and His Son Now in
the Tombs Charged With Murder.

Vincenzo Spinella and his son Frank, who
are avensed of killing Caspar Colletti, 19 years
old, Antonio Collettl, who kept a saloon at 507
Kast Thirteenth street, and Duniel Salvatore

of 430 Fast Floventh street, in the fight on Sat-
urday night between the Colletti and Soinella
tamilies, were sent to the Tombs by Coroner
Zucea yesterday pending the inquest, Joseph
Colletti, In whose possession was found a
revolver with two chambers discharged, was
also eent to the Tombs by the Coroner, Fred
Colletti and John Furey were placed in charge
of the Gerry Society as witnesses, and Isidore
Haase, Finanuel Sehusterman, W. FP. Fink and
Frank Colletti were committed to the House of
Detention,

 

NO MORE CONCISE AGGREGATION

of Real Estate News is to be found in any
pediap, than that printed in THe SUN each
AV AED,

ae a NT EE SRE EOE

Qusiness Notices,

Mra, Winslow's Soothing Syrup for children
teething. softens the gums, rednces inflammation,
allays pain, cures sindeolic, diarrhea, 25¢, abotele

DIUDwD. — sind

DAVISON.—On Friday morning, Jan, 19, 1900, at
the Hotel Bon Air, Augusta, Ga, Charles A.
Dayison of New York city, iu the 70th year of his
age

Funeral services at the University Place Prosby-
terian Church, Unversity Piace and loth at, on
Tuosday afteraoon, Jan, 24, 1400, at # o'clock,

MILLS,—Suddeniy on Sanday, Jau. 24, 1e00, at
Pasadena, Ci!, Ezra Palmer Milis, in the 36th
year of his ace.

Funeral privat

ROBERTS, —At White Plains, NOY, on Ja).
1900, Sarah J,. wife of John Roberts and
daughter of James and Jane Linehan,

Funeral services on Wednesday at & A.M. from
St. John'a R.¢, Church, White Plains, N.Y. In-
terment at Cornwall, N.Y

SONNTAG,-On Monday, Jan. 2!, 1900, at bis
late residence, 55 Fast 7eth at., William L. Sonn
tug, N.A., in the 7&th year of his aye,

Funeral priva.«

STOCKTON,-—Saddenty, at the Hanover, New
York, on Monday, Jan. 22, 1400, John Potter
Stockton, iu the 74th year of bis age.

Funeral on Wednesday, Jan. 24, 100, at 2 P. M.,
from Trinity Chureh, Princeton, N. J
WATTS,—Suddenty Monday morning, Jan 22,
1p00, athis residence, 1124 Bedford ay., Brook
yo, Dr. Alfred J, Watta. in th 74th year of hia
aye.
Puneial seres
Jan. 25, 1000, at2 P.M.

Rew Publications.

25° —Dumaa'’a| Bragelone, Louige Valliere, Iroo
O Mask, Porthos sun, PAT, iv. utaay,

“”

  

Interment private

 

val; enamel,

and Water Colors.

|
es at his late residence, Thnraday,

ning that he was ony slightly indispos

 

“Step lively.”

That's the order we
crowd of almost 12,000 shoes.

Some from our own stock,
slightly travel-stained — soles

give toa

soiled by

tryings-on, linin
soiled by e :

oings-out, on appro
atent and russet
leather, a few Bluchers and skat-
ing shoes—were $5.

Others, rare chance outsiders,
$5 patent leathers—button and
Jace; and $8.50 to $4.50, russet
leather and black calfekin—
mostly lace.

They all march to the quick
step tune of $2.25.

Roaxrs, Perr & Co,
$s Brae em eer
Thirty-secone and Broadway.

‘rt Sales mad Gxhiditions.

Fifth Avenue Auction

 

ee

Rooms,
wm, BORMAN, Auctioneer.

NOW ON EXHIBITION,

DAY AND EVENING.
A Highly Attractive Bale by Auction
of
Mr. HENRY RIEMANN’'S
VALUABLE COLLECTION OF

American Paintings

Including important and original examples by the
following eminent American artiste:
THRODORE ROBINSON,
WILLIAM L. METOALF, CARL RITTER,
GUY ROBE, B. WALTER PRIESTMAN,
comprising every variety of subject.

TO BE bOLD WITHOUT RESERVE,

Thursday and Friday Evenings,

Jan, 25th and 26th, at 8o'Clock.

FMIT. CARLSEN,

 

 

 

JAMES P. SILO, Auctioneer.
FIFTH AVENUE ART GALLERIES

346 Fifth Avenue.

The Private Collection of
High Class Oil Paintings
Belonging to
Mr. ISAAC WALKER
of thia city
TO BE SOLD AT AUCTION ON
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY EVENINGS,
January 25 and 26, at 8:15 o'clock.

On free exhibition aatil time of sale.

  

 

INTELLIGENCE,

MARINE

 

MINIATURE ALMANAC—THI8 DAY.

. 7:17 | Sun aete...5:08 , Moon rises. 12:08
H1IOW WATER—THIS DAY,

Bandy Hook.11:58 | Gov, I'd.13:80 | Hell Gate.

Bun rises

2:38

 

Arrived—Monpay, Jan, 22.

&s Pretoria, Kariowa, Hamburz, Jan. 7.

Se Hevelins, Stapledon, Pernambuco, Jan. &
Se Pisa. Fendt, burg. Jan, 4.

Se King Bleddyn, Liddle, Rotterdam, Dec, 31.
Ss Daphne, Bera, Newcastle. Dec. 80,

Ss algonquin, Platt, Jacksonville, Jap. 18.
Sa City of Augiete, Daggett, Savannah, Jan. 1&
Ke Colorado, Risk. Brunswick, Jan, 19,

Se Jamestown, Tapley, Norfolk, dan, 21,

Ss Yetnassee, Swaiu, Philadelphia, Jan, 21.
Bark Olivia, Christiansen, Padang, Oct. &
Brig Daisy, Laracn, Bennawick, Jan, 8.

$s. Pocahontes, Janu gp Venice, Dec, 0,

 

ARRIVED OUT.

Se Chatean Lafite, from New York, at Havre,
8s Columbia, from New York, at Naples.

SAILED FROM FORBIGN PORTS,

83 Menominee, from London for New York,
Ss Cufic, from Queenstown for New York

OUTGOING HTEAMBHIPS,
Sail To-day,

Marts Close. — Veesel Sail

Labn, Bremen . 700AM 1OCOA
Algonquin, Charleston. . ; ’ 200PM
Chalmette, New Orleans..... ...... 200PM
Wartburg, Hayti . LOUOPM 300P

Sail To-morrow,

    
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

M
New York, 3onthampton 700AM 1000AM
Friesland, Antwerp 1080AM 1200M
Oceanic, Liverpool . xO004AM 1L 004A a
Advance, Colon 9A0AM 100P
Ithaka, Tampico... 0.0 100PM 800P
Vigilancia, Havana 100PM 300P
fan Jnan, Man Jnan.......... 100PM 800P
Alamo, Galveston. ....000006 ceeeee 300P
Antilia, Nassau soe, 1LOOPM 800 P
Sail Thursday, Jan, 2).
Auguste Victoria, Naples sae 11 00A
La Hretagne, Havre . TOOA 1000A if
State of Nebrassa, (lasgow., ....... ‘i. 20s ea
jenfuegos, Santiago 100PM & oF M
Tjomo, Grenada.............1L00AM 100 M
Excelsior, New Orleans. b tovevereee 8u0P
INCOMING GTRAMAHIPS.
, Due To-day.
Bendo : . Hamburg.......
Glanton... ooeee, Ham burg.......
Ohio...... eee: )) Were
Paniliae ........55+ Panillac.
ga OD. cece ccceeeeees es oe Ammaterdem, ..
MO@NTANE. ...... cece eee Gibraltar...
Pretoria .Bermuds...........
Briacoe.... chara Rsetes ibraltar..
St. Leonards... ‘ ..o Antwerp... vooe
St, Cuthbert... cee AMEWOPD ee
State of Nebraska... ..... Glasgow...
Pocahontas, Gibraltar,
AMY. oor Bordeaux.........-
WiGthred......cserceveevees New Orleans
Fontabelle......... ....,8t, Thomas
Ethiopia ..., Glasgow...
| arawers ir wssebennees
Boden ; New Orleens.......Jam. 17
dirondack Port Limon Jan. 16
Yhaucer. . oeeees Mt. Lncia........-+ Jan..
Comoho, .. .. sce. ee Galveston + dant
Ki cid . New Orloans.......dan. 18
Georgie... a Liverpool. ........+ Jan, 18
Due Wednesday, Jan,
Teutonic Liverpool -. dani?
Kaiser Wilbelm IT nee seepeceed
C wa Ap ereres
| Tene. St. Michaéle......
| Trapani Bremen... .... 06>
| Andea...... OMAR. eee ee rf
| Aauileje avers
inanee....+. eieatene knve es
| Comanebe oo. ...cccc seve Jacksonville...
| Rae. ve : , Savannah ..» Jan. 2t
Due Thursday, Jan, #5.
ovesee Lovdon..... . Jeon. 16
Pictle. .. Hamburg... Jan. 14
Olbera St. Lucia... - Jan. 38
Martello eos chnse co ee . dan. 13
Dus Priday, Jan. 4.
Rhein men sees Ta, 16
Hons Maria ‘ debon Jan. 10
| Tartar Prince Gibralter Jan. 12
| Due Saturday, Jan. ¢7.
. Louis ..... foutbampton.,... Jan. 20
| Sie veevnoosoeene remen dan. 8
; El Rto...... besiereceteen New Orleaus....... Jan. 23
| Due Sunday, Jan, 28
} No Mi . Mavre Jan. 20
| ¥han ee Shield@.......+ . dan 15

 

Justice Gaynor Becomes Ill in Count,
(Justice William J. Gaynor, while presiding in
| Part I. of the Bupreme Court in Brooklyn yese
! terday morning, became ill, and left the
bench and went home. It was sald last ven,

would returo to his duties to-day, i