es eet

“y OL LXXIV. =¥0. 44,

HEARST TAKES MURPAY SLATE,

SILENCES HIS RERELS, WILL
WITHDRAW CANDIDATES.

 

 

No More “@pposition” Talk to Be Heard
From Independence Leaguers —Danger
of Knifing Down Here Held te Over
balance Odilum of Open Tammany Deal.

There will be no third judiciary ticket
put out by the Independence League,
Moreover,by the direct orders of Mr, Hearst
the greater number of the candidates who
have been put in the fleld by some of the
independents of the Independence League to
oppose Tammany candidates for Congress,
‘he senate and the Assembly will be with-
drawn between now and next Wednesday,
the lst day for the filing of independent
pominations,

it has been told to Mr. Hearst and his
managers that unless the attempt to im-
press upon the voters of the State that
they are not working with a perfect under-
standing with Tammany Hall is dropped
at once there will be a knifing of Mr. Hearst
down here by direction of the Tammany
district leaders. William J. Conners, after
e talk lasting over three hours with Charles
}. Murphy on Friday, saw Max [hmsen and
told Mr. Ihmsen, who is Mr. Hearst's po-
litical manager, that the “funny business”
which was being countenanced by the
Independence League heads would have
to be ended or that the effort to elect Mr.
Hearst might as well be dropped. Mr.
Conners is understood to have expressed
himeelf in such emphatic language that Mr.
lhbmeen was impressed, and it is under-

ood also that Mr. Conners and Mr. Murphy
received aseurancea that an end would be

put to the pretences from the publicity
bureaus of the Gilsey House to the effect
that Mr. Hearst was so confident of his
position that he was perfectly indifferent
to Mr. Murphy and to Tammany Hall.

Timothy Driscoll, the chairman of the
Independence League's county committee,
and about a dozen other mem of that
committee got together on hursday

night, denounced the deal between Mr.
Hearst and Mr.Murphy onthe judiciary ticket
and appointed a committee of six te go to
Elmira and tell Mr. Hearst that unless
he repudiated the Tammany ticket and
permitted the nominating of an independent
ticket the league would break away from
him and nominate a ticket of its own. Mr.
Driscoll and his fellow mutineers did not
know at that time that they had no power
to dictate what the Independence League
should do or should not do.

In fact it was because of the assumption
by Mr. Driscoll and his friends that they
had some voice in the affairs cf the
Independence League that Mr. Hearst in-
spired the giving out of the story which
appeared in THe Son and other papers
yesterday that the Independence League
is a corporation and that any action taken
in the name of the league and any can-
didates running under its emblem must
first have the approval of the board of
directors of the Independence League
corporation.

As has been atated, Mr. Driscoll did not
know when he went to Elmira on Thursday
night with one other lone member of the
sub-committee—the other four having found
reasons why it was inconvenient for them
to go along with Mr. Driscoll—tnat the
Independence League was not a political
party, but a corporatian’formed under the
corporation laws of the State of New York.

Tt was related with glee yesterday at
the Gilsey House by one of Mr. Hearst's
managers that Mr. Driscoll, instead of
carrying out his programme to speak man-
fully and bravely to Mr. Hearst, as he had
threatened at the meeting on Thursday,
got such @ spanking, in a metaphorical
sense, that he came back to New York,
and at a meeting yesterday of the county
committee advised the belligerente that
if they hoped to be cared for in the eveut of
Mr. Hearst’s election they would do well
to drop the third ticket agitation.

A despatch to Tus Sun describing the
reception which Mr. Driscoll and Max
Stern, his companion,.reocsived from Mr.
Tlearst says:

“Mr. Hearst received them cavalierly,
gave them perhaps two minutes of his time
and dismissed them abruptly.

“‘He treated the whole thing lightly,’
eaid John Ford, who was with Mr. Hearst.

"They came here, Mr. Hearst said to-day,
% ask him what his views were as to putting
a straight league Judiciary ticket in the
field. Mr. Hearst says he told Driscoll
that be refused to be put in the attitude of
a dictator of the league and that he did not
intend to take a hand in the New York

county situation at all

advised the committee to obey Mr, Hearst
because they were helpless to do anything
else in view of the power which the cor-
Foration laws gave to Mr, Hearst and his

managers as the beads of the Independence” file other counts et the com later
Teague, But many of the members of the | og a em number o ot
sniitee, those who had | "This "is the first criminal

failed to get objected to a0- | against a ration eyer Lfen"ceaet
cepting the advice, the Kansas anti-trust law.

Several of them suggested

 

 

a i a ne

 

suanens. is ‘in Hos himself.

i

Fito League they oouid name can-
under some other emblem. These
kickers, however, were in a majority and

after a meeting lasting nearly three hours
this resolution was adopted:

Whereas this county committee has been
misrepresented in the public press) regard
ing its attitude toward the Hon. ' William
R. Hearst and the entire executive committee
of the Independence League: and

Whereas we, the members of this county
committee, fully realize and appreciate the
magnifloent self-sacrificing work performed
by the gentlemen before mentioned in behalf
of the great movement which they founded
and around which have rallied hundreds of
thousands of citizens of this great common-
wealth whe regard the principles of the
Independence League as expounded by Mr.
Hearst-and the Independence League ex-
ecutive committee as the “second Declaration
of Independence;” and

Whereas we realize the great importance

, of concerted action in all matters looking to

the establishment in this State of the prin-
ciples of government for which Mr. Hearst
stands; therefore, be it

Resolwed, That the county committee of
New York county hereby reiterates its abso-
lute confidence in the great wisdom, foresight
and leadership of William Randolph Hearst;
and be it further

Resolved, That we reiterate the same con-
fidence ti the members of the Independence
League executive commitwe; and be it
further

Resolved, That in order to carry to a suv-
cessful issue the Gubernatorial contest now
on ghis committee pledge ita united suppert
to the founders of this great popular move-
ment.

Resolved, That the New York county com-
mittee of the Independence League assure
to Mr. Hearst their fullest confidence and
support, and pledge themselves to use their
earnest afforta to bring about success.

Mr. Drisooll and his volleagues waited
nearly two hours to get Mr. Ihmsen on the
telephone \to read the resolution to him
before giving it out. }
It can be stated positively that most of |

|
|
|

 

the independent nominations made in the
name of the Independence League against
Tamm candidates will be withdrawn
and that the league's ticket which will be
filed on Wednesday will be practically iden-
‘ical with that of the Tammany ticket except
that Franklyn Quinby, who has been put up
against Dan Riordan, the Tammany candi-
date for Congreas in the Eighth Congress
district, and *Eight Hour” Rock, who has |
been ordered to make a fight against Tom
Grady for Senator from the Fourteenth
district will stick because of personal ob-
jections Mr. Hearst has to Riordan and
Grady.

The Independence League in the Twenty-
eighth Assembly district met last night
and indorsed Edward W. Buckley, the
Tammany candidate for Assemblyman.

PERSIA'S PARLIAMENT.

Shah Hopes Constitution Will Eyer Be Pre-
served —His Hicalth Still Poor.
Special Cable Despatch to Tax Sun.

Lonpon, Oct. 18.—Despatches from Te-
heran received in St. Petersburg give some
interesting particulars of the inauguration
of Persia's first Parliament. The Shab has
made two speeches. The first dealt with
the election of new Deputies, and in it the
Shab declared that he recognized that the
principal foundations of imperial power
and progress rested on an alliance of: the
| Government and the people, and he had
made the strengthening of this alliance
the chief object of his reign. He expressed
the hope that the gift of the Constitution
would ever be preserved.

The health of the Shah is still very unsatis-
factory and at the last consultation Russian,
Persian, English and French physicians were
present. His Majesty, however, opened
the new Parliament formally in person,
but the speech from the throne had to be
read for him. The ceremony took place
in the great court of Teheran in the presence
of the diplomatic corps, many high officials,
army officers and the entire priesthood.
The Shah entered the assembly to the
strains of hymnal music, while the mullahs
chanted prayers for. the long life of his
Mfjesty.

In his speech, which was read by the
Governor of Teheran, the Shab said that
for the last eight years a constitution for
Persia had been his dream and he now be-
lieved that the people were ripe for self-
government. He was satisfied that they
would not abuse the freedom and that
Parliament would give active support to
the Government in its efforts for the happi-
ness, progress and power of Persia.

The speech was acclaimed with the great-
est enthusiasm. In the evening Teheran
was illuminated from one end to the other
and the population gave itself up to re-
joicing.

NURSE SUSPECTED MURDER.

Bahy Dead Beside Young Mother tn Narrow
Hespital Cot.

The superintendent of the Lying-in |
Hospital, at Second avenue and Eighteenth
street, notified the Coroners’ Office yeater-
day that be had a case which he wanted
investigated. The week old boy baby of
Mrs. Annie Christ, who is only i8 years old,
was found dead in bed with its mother
early yesterday morning, and one of the
nurses, Alice L. Sullivan, insisted that the
child had been murdered.

Coroner Harburger at once made anh
investigation. He found that Mrs. Christ
bad separated from her husband some
time ago and lived alone in @ ps
room at 48 Ohrystie erent. _Cospat,

ap

ira, tS ae

About 9 Schock E Peiay night one of the

nurses in the ward found the

baby | on the floor. It had appar-

ently rolled out of the cot, whioh is very

arrow. pr was asleep and she

was awakened and contionsd to be more
Yesterda:

covers.

mother protested that she, knew noth
see aoe 5 lagguase eas seemed grief-

asked w she ¢ t the child
Soar ven ane Oe

 

 

cere

i

. Byron C. Darl ge of the
and Nurses So Sopfia Riel aad Elo Ellen
McNamara told of find: ing the ohild smoth

ered, but were inclined to think git was
an tal case. Coroner Harburger
ordered an autopsy.

 

Topsxa, Kan., Oct. 13.—Assistant At-
torney-General F. 8. Jackson to-day began
criminal proceedings under the State anti-
truet law againat the International Har-

vester Company in the Shawnee Coun
District Court on fifty counts. He |

 

x

ian alah
+NEW YORK, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1906 .— commie .— Copyright, 1908, by The Sun Printing ond Publlahing Association.

 

REGISTRATION BOT NORMAL.

THERE ARE STILL 200,000 UN-
REGISTERED VOTERS.

 

 

Figures Only About 3,000 Ahead of 1006,
Allowing for the City’s Increase —Total
for Three Days 610,005, Which Is
63,641 Behind Presidential Year.

The registration yesterday kept up to just
about the pace of the first two days and
amounts eo far to 510,005, which is 11,708
more than for three days last year, when a
Mayor was elected, and 62,641 short of the
three days registration in the last Presi-
dential year, It is about 3,000 votes ahead of
last Year's if the normal increase of 1,6 per
cent, in population in the Year is allowed for.
But manifestly there are, on an increase of
3.2 per cent. of voting population since 1904,
some 200,000 voters in the city still un-
registered, The last day to register is to-
morrow, Here ate the figures up to date:

- sUMMARY.
Three Days.
1006. 10905. 1004.
Manhattan and Bronx, 288,410 276,546 327,165

179,101 205 837
82,453 3,315
11,007 12,220
490,197 = 673,546
643,505 688,852
06.470 = 651.083

The three days registration is compared
in the following tables with the registration
of the first three days in 1005 and 1904 in
approximately the several territories in-
cluded in the new Assembly districts:

MANHATTAN AND THR BRONTE.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

8a Day. Three Days———~
A.D. 1906. 1906. 1005. 1904.
Re onbise6aen we 6630 7532 8746
i xuseuasananeess 2121 0966 6810 7085
B. -rccvcccoreeoss 24a? 8558 7901 9370
© ds satasncasesns 1718 8539 5781 6510
Bo srezccncevscess 2500 a519 8270 9760
6. 1720 6092 377 Ont
Duet Mi ssvnsenssas 2400 7829 8029 9738
Disesesavnesinse 1742 6022 6139 7385
i askeeevepannes 2289 7325 7877 9003
ee ereerre 1921 e731 7241 8374
BB ascatwscasedass 2582 8430 8482 9615
BB. 00sc055seen000 2320 7670 ABSA 9028
Bicxausstesevasys 2119 07 7212 SARS
14 8233 9716
15.. S058 10005
16 60.68 8200
- 8008 77
wns ean? 8020 |

i ‘ R633 10219
20.. 7804 8374
21.. e612 10852
22.. 7768 neue

a RU18
24 6702 BANS,
28 8558 11666

26 7628
27 7764 11470
28 5354 6451

OR cveséesasvecane S411 rina |
»” 11578 13562
31 8053 11104
82 12827 12864
33 1754 8551
34 8534 e725
rer 8340 ood
vee 276546 «= - 827165
Total, 4 days 900245 900478
Total vote cas 339228 8=—- 808127
BROOELYN
Three Days.
8¢ Dov

AD. 1006. 1906. 1905. 1904.
1 e081 8240 9513
Ss 7416 72R2 R448
3.. 6504 6507 7514
4 7004 7041 0218
5 9063 8555 0648
6 7281 7326 ASRS
DR sscsavessnesess Ee 6737 e530 / = 7546
Divsixececcussane 2262 6836 6354 7963
Dicosspcuceussass 2980 $261 7721 8887
PRs cecsscnstovcnes 2460 8577 8004 10319
BE. vcccereccesesys 2702 ROS 8513 9732
TE esssenecswseees 2611 0235 o238 10457
OD isssevseeisce. 2168 6490 6542 1602
Bhs covescsocveress 2167 6117 6218 7278
TBicrsedvsrnsveeese 2422 7166 6654 71608
eee 2067 8627 6540 0918
BB is sescsveveceees 2478 9039 9121 10840
“sao 7949 O56
6381 6532 7645
7875 7647 Raid
5263 5135 5030
22771 12170 19819
¥ 0122 BAAS 10279
Total..... . 59198 «182289 170101208497
Total, 4 days... : 231765 2247127
Total Vote......0....00600+- 218829 «= 298:08
LITTLE QUAKE IN BALTIMORE.

Earth Tremblies for Forty Seconds Under
a Small Area.

BatTimore, Oct. 13.--Residenta of the
nortbern suburbs of Baltimore experienced
a shock this morning when, for the fraction
of a minute, the earth trembled.

The disturbance extended from north to
south. The section visited included Long
Green, Fork and other places in direct
line as far as Conowingo.

The Rev. M. Beal of Long Green said he
felt the earth moving under him about
9 o'clock this morning. The house swayed
so that his family, much frightened, ran
out into a neighboring field.

John H. Ervin, a hotel keeper at Fork,
reported that about the same time his
dishes rattled and that many were thrown
from the shelves. The cattle began bellow-
ing and frightened horses tugged at their
halters.

Dr. J. F. C. Corsuch, the observer of the
Maryland Academy of Sciences, said hia
house swayed and he is sure the quake
lasted fully forty seconds. There was no\
damage.

 

COURT FINES BRIDGE HOSTESS.
wipe apm

Ghe Picads Guilty to Cenducting a Game
of Chance.

Buaven Fauis, Pa., Oct. 18.~—Mre. J. L.
Harsha, one of the most prominent women
of this city, was fined $5 and costs to-day
by Justice of the Peace Henry L. Shuster
for conducting a game of chance.

The action was brought by Mrs. James
Bronson under an act of March, 1860, which
prohibits gambling.

Mrs. Bronson 10k action because her
daughter, a girl of 18, was spending too
much of her time at card parties.

Several nights ago Mrs. Harsha gave a
bridge party and Miss Bronson was one
of the guests. The party did not break up
until late in the morning.

Mrs. Bronson declared that her daughter

a0 much of her time at card parties
that it is impossible to get her to do any-
thing else.

Mrs. Harsha pleaded guilty at the aug-
gestion of her attorneys and paid the fine.
The only thing she said in the way of de-
fence was: “Miss.Bronson didn’t win.’

Latest Marine Intelligence.
Arrived: Codrie, Liverpest, October 6; Sa,

Maranhenss.
ie most Rocmsting an

 

 

River Day
fail outings. —Ade.

onesie

Only one
Line tripe.

 

020.45 N. ¥.

Soren sa

  
 

 

NO PEACE IN SANTO DOMINGO.

Five Hundred Rebels Withdraw te the
Woods and Demand Impossibie Terms.
Wasninoron, Oct. 18.—When everything

seemed so lovely in Santo Domingo and

plans had been made for a glorious ending
of the revolution, 600 of the rebels with-
drew to the woods about fifteen miles from

Monte Cristi and made such demands on

the Government that peace ie now im-

possible unless some new agreement can

be reached. So the Dominicans are fight-

ing among themeelves again.

On October 10 Commander Southerland,
commanding the American naval forces
in Dominican waters, cabled to Washington
that on the following last Thursday,
the rebels would surrender to the Govern-
ment forces at Monte Cristi and a lasting
peace would be declared. There was to
have been a formal ceremony in connection
with the surrender and the Government
began to fee! easy again. Unfortunately,
however, the white winged dove of peace
failed to keep the engagement. Com-
mander Southerland reported to the Navy
Departement to-day that negotiations had
failed and that the Government had directed
the renewal of hostilities. Following is
his despatch:

“I regret to inform you that revolutionary
leaders at the last moment refused to stand
by articles of agreement for the surrender.
Revolutionary leaders have massed forces
of about five hundred men at a distance |
of fifteen miles and have demanded most
impossible terms. The President of Santo
Domingo has directed the renewal of hos-
tilities.”

There is a plan for floating a big loan to
settle the foreign and internal debts of
Santo Domingo, and war in the republic
is likely to make a good deal of difference
to those who have undertaken to raise the
loan.

 

 

ee

BOLTS AFTER 76 YEARS VOTING.

Charies Maswet!, Who's 07, Wil) Cast His
Vote for Hughes.

Charles H. Haswell, who at 97 years feels
sure that he is the oldest Democrat in
Greater New York and who saya he is one
of the three men now living who voted
for Andrew Jacksor, announced yester-
| day that for the first time in seventy-six
years he will not cast his ballot this year
for the Democratic candidate at the head
of the State ticket, He says that he has
been removed from public office three times
| because he was a Democrat, and will con-
tinue to be loyal to the party, but feels that
he will have to ecratch the ticket this year.

“Who is Hearst that he should feel that
he has a claim on the voters of this city?”
| he asked, while telling why he has finally
j been forced to scratch his ticket. “He
came here and tried to be elected Mayor
at a time when he could not name two con-
| secutive streets. I thank God that he
won't he elected, for Hughes will win with
Democratic votes. Mr. Murphy knows
my sentiments in the matter.”

Mr. Haswell, who is assistant en
in the Board of Estimate, was Chie
gineer of the United States Navy for see
years. He constructed a number of vessels,
among them the famous Powhatan, in
which Commodore Perry sailed to Japan to
open up the ports to commeroo. He was
born in North Moore street, this city.

 

rod

 

CASE AGAINST STANDARD OIL,

Attorney-General Moody to Decide Whether
the Evidence Warranté Prosecution.

Wasurnoton, Oct. 1$.-—-Attorney-General
Moody ‘said to-day that the Government's
investigation of the Standard Oil Company
for alleged violation of the Sherman anti-
trust law would not be emba: by the
facts, brought out in the hearings & Find-
jy, Ohio, that stock of one of the Standard
concerns was in the hands of an English
holding company. He said that the Govern-

ment had demonstrated in the cases of the

Northern Securities Company and the fer-
ti lizer trust that a holding company could
not evade the law.

Mr. Moody {s giving close attention to the
investigation into the alleged violations of
the Sherman.anti-trust law by thé Standard
Oil Company. Before retiring from office
at the beginning of the new year, which is
the date on which he has deci to relin-
quish the Attorney-Generalshfp, according
to high authority, Mr. Moody will have de-
termined the question whether sufficient
evidence haa been disclosed to warrant pro-
ceedings against the Standard. The Presi-
dent has left the matter entirely in the
Attorney-General’s hands.

Mr. Moody has conferred with the Presi-
dent and other members of the Cabinet from
time to time and is in almost daily confer-
ence with James R. Garfield, Commissioner
of Corporations, on the details of Mr. Gar-
field's report of his investigation into the
Standard’s operations. Mr. Moody said he
intended to take the necessary time to con-
sider all the evidence deliberately and pro-
ceedings would not be instituted unless the
evidence at hand warranted such action.

 

F. W. ADAMS'S VICTIMS.
oe

Swindied a Cohoes Woman Oat of 6750
the Day Before His Arrest.

PovGHKEEPSI#, Oct. 18.~Frederick W.
Adams, who is under arrest here for swin-
dling women in several States, made a
flying trip to Cohoes the day before he waa
taken in custody and persuaded Miss Jennie
Lawrence that he was about to open a bank
and that for $750 she would receive a gilt
edged job. Miss Lawrence paid over the
money. The next day she read in the New
York papers that Adams was really a confi-
dence man and that her money and job
were hoth gone. Chief Jamison of waa
notified Chief of Police MaCabe to-n
that on Monday he and Miss Lawrence
would visit Adams in jail.

The local authorities are our ous to see
whether Miss Lawrence can persuade
Adams to break his monotonous reitera- |
tion that the various swindling cha es
against him are Greek to him.

Mrs. Carrie C. Chapman, a Chicag. vjo-
tim of Adams, has written a letter of von-
dolence to Mias Eleanor Wood of Mo/t-
clair, N. J., who also trusted the swind er
too well. Mrs. Chapman's experienge cost
her $1,000. Miss Wood_ got of easier, as

$100 wus her limit. Chief Gallagher of
Montclair, N. J., has twenty-five letters

a SS ES

from trusting girls in various parte of the
country who were swindled by Adams

 

Woman Killed by a Cab.
A woman dressed in black died in Belle-
vue Hospital last night of injuries received
erday morning, when she was run ger |
bra seabia: Second avenue at Ths, |
The vee af the and Gut aut
ahh « oe; police arrived.
Through a card in her pocket she was
identi as Mrs, B t Mooney of 38 58
Fifth street, Long isiand City.

|

| etigeeet’o Fe
es Eerie oe PEs ROE eevee |

 

  
 
 
 
   

| KILLED ON FOOTBALL ALL FIELD,

 

OHARLES F. SURDAM OF MORRIS-
TOWN BREAKS HIS, NECK.

 

While Playing on the High Scheel Team
He Prunges at a Lad Who Has the Ball,
Misses Him and Falls on His Head
and Ghoulder—@Qthers Fail Upon Him.

Moraistown, N. J.; Oct. 13.—In an effort
to tackle an opponent in a football game
this afternoon between the Morristown
School and the Morristown High Sohool;
Charles F. Surdam, right halfback on the
latter team, broke his neck. He died after-
ward in the hospital ward of the Morris-
town School. Surdam was 10 years old and
an only son of Seth 8. Surdam of the Morris-
town Jerseyman. He was a post-graduate
of the high school. He was an enthusiastio
player and considered one of the best half-
backs the team ever had.

When the players went on the field at
the Morristown School they were greeted
by a large crowd of visitors. Surdam made
a number of good plays. A goal had just
been kicked by the h school, making.
the'score 6 to 0. With five minutes to play
before the second half,/the latter team
kicked off, when Surdam started down the
field for a tackle. He made a plunge at
the player with the ball but missed him
— to the ground on his head and shoul-

Close behind him were several players.
They tripped over his body and fell in a
heap. All got up but Surdam. He lay
stretched on the ground. Only a feeble
moan told the boys that he wasalive. Dr.
Francis H. Glazebrook, who was refereeing
the game, hurried to the spot.

A hasty examination told him that the
boy was dangerously hurt, and he ordered
him taken to the hospital ward of the school.
He was then unconscious. The game was
at once called off at 4:30. Mr. and Mrs.
Surdam were sent for in an adgtomobile.
They came and remained with their eon
until he died at 9:30 P. M.

It is sald by those who witnessed the game
that it was not rough and that no one was
to blame for Surdam’s death. The new
football rules were used.

GIRLS SAVE WELLUSLEY INN.

Fire in Famous Fadge Factory Pat Out
With Bowls and Pitchers.

WELLESLEY, Mass., Oct. 13.—Bravefv of
a few Wellesley college students early this
morning saved the famous Wellesley Inn
from destruction. Fire started about 7
o'clock under one of the ovens where the
famous fudge cakes are baked. A large
number of students make the inn theirhoms
and when the alarm was sounded every
student burried out in gown and slippers,
and with pitchers, bowls and pails
made a formidable attack on the flames.
Girls in darmitories on the campus likewige
came to the scene and the oft repeated fire
drill was entirely forgotten in the excite-
ment of putting quta real blaze.

The volunteer brigade worked with such
vigor that the flames were subdued before
the arrival of the apparatus from Wellesley
Hills and Wellesley.

TO TAKE A SCHOOL CENSUS."

Police to Begin the House to House Can-
vases on Thorsday.

On Thursday of thia week the police will
begin a house to house canvass in this city
to collect a cenaus of school children. A
special blank has been prepared for the
work and 1,000,000 copies have been printed.
A separate blank will be filled out for every
child between the ages of 4 and 18 and will

 

 

give the Department of Education full in-
formation regarding the children so re-
corded, The schedule will also show
whether children are registered in any
school and if out of school whether or not
they are absent lawfully.

The figures are of importance in deter-
mining the location of new schools and the
number of sittings required and will aid in
the enforcement of the compulsory educa-
tionlaw. Since 1897 nothing has been done
toward taking a school census, although a
State law-requires that one be taken every
two years.

 

AUTO KILLS OLD MAN.

Adolphus Landsberg Steps in Front of
EK. N. Huggins’s Car in The Bronx.

An automobile belonging to Everett N.
Huggins of 150 West Forty-seventh atreet,
while coming down the Central Boulevard
in The Bronx last night, ran over and killed
Adolphus Landsberg, 72 years old,a painter,
of 176th street and Boston road.

The automobile was driven by Edward
Anderson, chauffeur, of 67 West Eighty-
seventh street. Mr. Huggins, William H.
Whitaker, manager of the New Netherlands
Hotel. and Edwin C. Spriague, an insurance
man living at 214 West N inety-seoond street,
were in the machine.

Mr. Landsberg, who was well known in
The Bronx, was taking a walk. He started
to cross the boulevard at 173d street when
the automobile, which was going at a apeed
of about twelve miles an hour, struck him.
It was on top of him before Mr. Huggins,
who was the first to see him, could cry a

warning
uggine ordered the machine stopped
and ran to the assistance of the old man,
who lay ih the roadway bleeding from a
gcalp wound. A crowd quickly collected,
no threate = made against the auto-
ile party, as that te 0 told Coroner
wanecke later t the occurrence was
pagel a a an

Huggins called up the police the
solophone tna told thers of what hed ha:
and notified Lebanon Hospital Mr.
nda contin pect
‘o Ir the
mate greene and Fook the

t

arrived.
| chauff

to the Morrisania police station, Geavd
Coroner Sckueendbe roled the chauffeur
in the custody of Mr. Huggins, pending the
r. Coney of 29 8 fran identified
Jo thern Bouleva

Cooney
his son-in-law, war arrived just after the
accident.

GOVERNMENT BOAT BLows UP.

Three Men Killed and Seven Injured Near
Pittsburg.

Prrresung, Oct. 13.--The, United See |
tiver and Karbor boat Blackwater blew |
up in the Ohio River, near Legionville,

this afternoon.
Three men were killed and seven were

boat was destroyed, ae was a derrick

boat lying
the Goverument dredging

 

 

  

FORTY PAGES.

ANARCHISTS ARRESTED.

Exptestves in Their Loggage, lnciuding
Thirty Peunds of Dynamite.
Special Cable Despatch to Tun Sum.

Sr. Prrenasvunc, Oct. 13.--The police
to-day arrested séveral anarchists who
hed just arrived from abroad. A large
quantity of explosives; including thirty
pounds of dynamite, was discovered in
their luggage.

MRS. BELL WANTS HER ALIMONY.

wit Fight Former Husband Madden's
Sult for Divorce.

Crxrcnomati, Oct. 12—Mra. Anna Louise
Madden-Bell, although now the wife of a
man supposed to be very wealthy, will
fight in the Hamilton county courta to retain
the annual alimony allowance of $3,000
which Judge James B. Swing granted her
from her former hueband, John E. Madden,
the Kentucky turfman.

To-day Attorney ©. W. Baker, represent~
‘tug Mrs. Bell, moved to dismise Madden’s
petition to have the alimony discontinued.

Service was obtained in Paris on Mrs.
Bell while he was on her honeymoon with
her second husband, L. V. Bell, to whom
she was married in New York shortly after
ber divorce,

‘Madden has entered a suit for divorce,
alleging that the decree obtained by his
wife was illegal. To-day’s motion was
taken under advisement.

MRS. ROBERT LOUNT HURT.

Her Pony Steps in a Hole in a Bridge and
She Is Thrown. ,

Hemrsreap, L. I., Oct. 13.—While riding

on one of the side roads of this village to-day

Mrs. Robert Lount, wifeof a physician here,

was thrown from her pony and she received

injuries which may prove fatal. She had

 

 

after the run of the Meadow Brook Hounds
and was taking a short cut home. While
crossing a small bridge her pony stepped

was suffering from internal injuries and
also had severe bruises all over her body,
where the pony bad injured her in trying
to get up.

SECRETARY _ROoT” REGISTERS.

In the Bame District With J. J. Astor and
Hugh J. Grant.

The board of registry of the Thirteenth
Election district of the Twenty-ninth Assem-
bly district, at 630 Park avenue, in an eleo=
triclan's shop, was visited yesterday by
probably more well known men than any
other similar place tn the city.

Secretary of State Elihu Root anf his

son, Edward W. Root, registered at 5 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. Secretary Root was
given ballot 382 and his son ballot 383.
Mr. Root gave his address as 783 Park
avenue, from which he has registered be-
fore.

Besides Root, Hugh J. Grant,
John Jacob Aster and Jobn D. Crimmins
registered in the same district.

———_
F. H. MANSFIELD’S HOUSE ROBBED

Mrs. Mansfield Thinks Thief Wanted Cer-
tain Papers, Net the Money He Teok.
The family of Francis H. Mansfield, who

live at 1170 Eighty-fifth street, in the Dyker

Heights section of Brooklyn, were at dinner

last night when some one climbed up the

veranda and, after entering the house,
stole $1,500 worth of jewelry, $300 in money
five bank books and valuable papers.

Mrs. Mansfield said last night that she
believed the thief wanted the papers and
took the other valuables as a\plind. She
wouldn't tell what gave her this impreasion,
Mr. Mansfield is the head of the Guardian
Mercantile Agency at 150 Nassau street,

 

BERTHA KRUPP MARRIED.

The Church Ceremony, ‘However, Will Not
Take Place Until To-morrow.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tas SUN,
Ber.in, Oct. 13.—The civil ceremony of
the marriage between Bertha Krupp and
Gustav von Bohlen und Halbach took ‘place
at Easen to-day. The church ceremony
will take place on Monday at 1 o'clock.
The Kaiser will be present. He is to arrive
a quarter of an hour before the time set
foy the ceremony and will stay in Essen
three hours.

 

RAILWAY CLERKS STRIKE.

Nearly a Thousand Employees of the South.
ern Pacific Quit Their Desks.

Hovsron, Tex., Oct. 13.—The clerks of the
Southern Pacific Railroad struck to-day over
tue entire Atlantic division, offices being
deserted from New Orleans to El Paso.
Hearty | 1,000 men are involved.

The demands are: “Eight hours of work
daily, recognition of the union, more pay

and pay for overtime

Vice-President Fay ofthe couhen Pacific
refused totreat with the board of adjustment

f the brotherhood, woe is the youngest
of all railway brother!

 

EASIER FOR THE FIREMEN.

Only One Man to Stand Wat&h in Each
Firetyouse—Mere Leave.

Francis J. Lantry, the new Fire Com-
missioner, issued an order yesterday that
caused the laddies to send up thanks.
It was that during next month only one
man should be on watch duty during the
day. If the echeme works well it will be

adopted,

Hitherto there have beeh two men on
watch duty in each engine house and the
firemen sent numerous complaints to the
Commissioner, that ¢ stem
deprived some of =e, men of needed rest

pre-

d waa the cause of many charges
i) against them.
wae pace hes under cnastdere-
tion vé an additional thirty-s
Sours eave of cboence © month to the ren.

MILLIONS FOR CHARITY.

Death of Sam Lewis's Widow Reicases
His Great Fortune.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tak Sox.
Lonpon, Oct, 13.—The death of Mrs.
Sam Lewis-Hill releases for charitabie
purposes two or three million pounds
in which her late husband, the noted money
lender, bequeathedMier a life interest.

i usband,
lender, left her the whole of his for-

| tune, which was estimated at the time to

| arnount to $20,000,000, for her life, with the

| stipulation that on her death $5,000.)
of it should go to King Edward's hospis

 

lire Lewis about two ene married
bays co ei sine

 
 

Bowpar, OcronEn 14, 1008,
Palr to-day and to-morrow, with slowly risitg
temperature; light south winds.

 

been for a gallop on the Hempstead Plains ;

| sent in his resignation as head of the Depart-

inahole between the planks and fell, throw-
ing her heavily, and in his attempts to rise,
he rolled upon her
Mra, Lount fell on her face, which was
badly cut and bruised. A passing carriage
took her home, where it was found that she
?

 
 
 
 

 
   
  

  
   

__FRICE_FIv! FIVE ¢ CENTS. |

DR, WOODBURY .
ACCUSES MAYOR

And Resigns Rather Than

Surrender to the
Politiclans.

  
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
   
  
 
 
   

MAYOR BACKED .W'CARREN,

Who Wanted Brooklyn's Street
Cleaning Superintendent
Out of the Way.

Mayor McClellan Says Dr. Woorbary Mis-
understood Him, but the Street Cleaner
Says He Didn't—‘Insistent Upon the
Ingection of Politics Into My Depart.
ment" Is His Accusation of the Mayer.
—It’s Been Getting Worse All the Time
of Late and the Mayor Has Been Sam-
montig Him Over to the Mayor's Omer
to Meet Politicians Turned Down @u'>
side—Some of the Things Dr. Wood
bury Has Achieved for the City,

4
Commissioner John McGaw Woodbury

ment of Street Cleaning last Thursday after
Mayor MoClellan had made what virtually
amounted to a demand upon him that the
Street Cleaning Department in the Borough
of Brooklyn should be turned over to Sena-
tor McCarren and his organivation.

Commissioner Woodbury’s resignation
was sent to the Mayor four hours after he
had been summoned to the Mayor's office
and Senator MoCarren had there made the
demand that Major Woodbury remove bis
superintendent ia Brooklyn, William 8.
Clarke, and put in his ‘place a man whom
McCarren should name. When the Mayor
approved of this Con:muissioner Woodbury
decided that he was no longer to be allowed
to act independently of the politicians and
that his usefulness as the head of the depart-
ment was at an end. Hie resignation fol-
lowed forthwith.

Mayor McClellan accepted the resignation
yesterday, and in reply to Major Wood- ~
bury’s charge that he was insistent now that
politics should be injected into the Street
Cleaning Department the Mayor said that
his position had been misunderstood and
that his best efforts had been directed to-/
ward keeping politics out of the department.
This Major Woodbury flatly denies.

Following is the letter which Commis-
sioner Woodbury sent to the Mayor last
Thursday, witn the Mayor's reply:

DR. WOODBURY'S CHARGB.
272 MADISON AVENUE.
October 11, 1906.
To the Honorable George B. McClellan, Mayor
the City of New York.

Sir: 1 beg leave to tender you my resigna-
tion as Commissioner of Street Cleaning, to
take effect immediately. When you {nformed
me that you desired to continue me Com-
missioner you said to me that it was your
wish that I should discharge my duties as I had
discharged them under the administrations
of Mr. Low and that you would “keep the poli-
ticians off my back,” to quote your own ex-
pression. Your attitude has undergone so
marked a change in the last particular and
you are now so insistent upon the injection of
politics into my department that I am satis-
fled that my utility afid effectiveness as Com-
missioner must presently cease and determine,
As it is therefore no longer possible for me to
administer the office with a decent regard for
the public service or consistently with the
maintenance of my self-respect, I demand
that I be relieved of my responsibilities,
Respectfully, Joun McGaw WoopsusrY.

MAYOR SAYS HE WAS MISUNDERSTOOD,

City or New Yor«g.
Orrics oF THe Mayor.

Sir: I beg to acknowledge the receipt of
your letter of resignation, dated October 11,
1906, addressed to me at 10 Washington Square
and forwarded to me at Princeton, N. Ja
where I stayed Thursday and Friday nights,
I regret exceedingly that you should have so
misunderstood me as to consider that I have
tried to “inject politics” info your department.
Asa matter of fact I have been using my beet
efforts to prevent politics from creeping into
the Department of Street Cleaning. I accept
your resignation. Respectfully,

Georae B. McCLELLAN, Mayor.
Hon. John McGaw Woodbury, Commissioner
of Street Cleaning, New York.
THIS 18 THE MAYOR'S VERSION. .,

In addition to his letter Frank M. O'Brien,
secretary to the Mayor, gave out this state-
ment from the Mayor regarding Commis-
sioner Woodbury’s tesignation:

“Senator McCarren informed me that
the Department of Street Cleaning in the
Borough of Brooklyn was being used for
political purposes and | specified active
political work on the part of certain city
employees in the borough. Such a com-
plaint was not uafamiliar. In the cam-
paign of a year ago I was told that em-
ployees of the department were politically
busy, but as their activity was directed
against me and I was a candidate for office
as well as Mayor I was not as well placed
as I am now to resent such conduct.

“I laid Senator MoCarren’s charges be- :
fore Commissioner Woodbury and asked a
him whether the superintendent in eharge .
of the department in Brooklyn had better
be transferred, at least temporarily,
hie place filled by some ong who would
an end to a scandalous situation. Commis-
sioner Woodbury asked me whether I R
ordered him to make the change and I re-
plied that I did not. This was on Thurs
day afternoon and Commissioner Woodbury
left my office, promising to return on Friday
afternoon at 2 o'clock. He did not keep
the appointment, and when | arrived at
Princeton last night I found hia letter of
resignation. I judge that he sent it to my ;
city house on Thursday evening. but as 1 ,
was in Princeton that night | uid not get
the letter.”

DB. WOODBURY STANDS BY HIS LATTER.

calted forth from the Mayor, Major Wood-
bury had this to say at his office:

“Everybody knows that I have per-|-