“VoL. LXVIL—NO, 224.

——— ee

ADLE WTS THE BOERS,

RUM,

FIGHTING vow FOR THE BESIEGED
WEN AT WEPENER,

Borghers Driven Back Near Dewetsdorp on

Friday and Encountered Again Yesterday
Force to Keep Gen.
Rundle Back Elandslaagte,

Special Cable Despatehes to TH SUN
Lovpos, April 21-4 week has passed with
lynolnformation of the movements

pain South Africa, It ts universally
ya certain that Lord Roberts has be-

a
Firtng at

They Detach

practca
ofthat

ssurnet
' a js on the polntof beginning his main
advance. ‘This has Leen hindered by the ab-

normal rainfall, which, however, compensates
Jay by removing the danger of a water
the line of march. Lord Roberts's
intentions are eatirely @ matter of speculation
at present, Gen, Rundle on the north and
Gar, Brabant on the south are coSperating to
relieve Wepenor, The Boors there will natur-
ally retire tothe north and either succeed in
yoining the main body at Kroonstad or will be

aut of on the line to Bloemfontein, Thaba

N’Chu and Ladybrand,

Gen, Buller ia remaining quiet, but will
surely cooperate with Gen, Roberts, The lat-
ter's right wing entering Bethlehem or Har-
rismith would threaten the wost entrance at
Van Resnen’s Puss. Gen. Buller has already
warnod all the farmers in the district on the
east side, showing the possibility of
ag intention, after driving the Boers
from Natal to Laing’s Nek, of entering the Frea
State by way of Van Keonen’s, which would
thus ba made untenable for defenders, This
of course would be impossible until the main
body at Biggarsberg has been driven back, as
the advance toward Van Reenen's before that
was tone would endanger communication with
Petormaritzburg. The report of fighting from
Hoopstal sufficiently indicates the advance
position of the left wing,

The War Offlee has received the following
deapatch from Lord Roberts:

“}LormPFonTer, April 21.—Rundle’s division
came in contact with the enemy yostorday four
niles gouth of Dewetadorp, occupying a strong
pasition covering the town, The Yeomanry
and mounted infantry seized another position,
thus enabling Rundle to drive off the enemy
and oceupy their high ground

“Rundle advanced this morning early, and
{a now again fighting.

‘Our casualties yesterday were two men
severely and one officer and seven men slightly
wounded.”

Despatches from the front say that Gen.
Rundle’s fighting yesterday was simply long-
range artillery practice, The Boers fell back
two miles to ths east, and the British occupled
the burghers’ first position.

Despatches from Natal report that the Boers
opened @ heavy shell fire on the British at
Flandalaagte this morning.

A Maseru, Basntoland, despatch says that
the British casualties at Wepener up to April
1!) were 25 killed and 110 wounded. Presi-
dent Steyn of the Orange Free State has
issued orders to the burghers to hold tight the
grain districts around Wepener, Ladybrand
and Ficksburg.

Maszrv, Basutoland, April 21.—The invest-
mont of Wepener continues. The Boers are
doing their utmost to force the garrison to
surrender before the arrival of relief. Firing
was heard in the direction of Dewetsdorp to-
day and some of the Boers besieging Wepener
etarted for the former place.

IN THE BOER ARMY,

forthe
famine on

 

WOMEN

Two of Them Found Out When 500 Prisoners
Were Forced to Bathe in a River.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, April 21.—To-day’s Black and White
contains the following remarkable statement:
“A letter from a nurse in one of the hospitals
throws new light on an unpleasant feature of
the war, The writerstates that some five hun-
dred Boers were forced by the medical author-
ities for sanitary reasons to bathe in the river
behind the hospital. Many objectod, especially
two who refused to strip. They were forced to
do so and {t was found that they were women
in men’s clothes. It seems that a number of
the dead found inthe fleld have been women
in similar disguise and, worse than all, tt {s
the women who have been guilty of the atroet-
ties olten referred to in telegrams from the
front, auch as killing the wounded, Thus his-
tory repeata itself. On the northwest frontier
of India it is the women who creep out to kill
and despoil the wounded after battle.”

O1D PLAN TO CONQUER BOERS.

 

Book Captured at Karee Siding Shows It Was
Proposed in 1806,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Trom THE SUN's Correspondent with the Boers,

Kroonstap, O. F.8., April 20, via Lorenzo
Marques, April 21.-When the Federal troops
captured the British eonvoy at Sanna’s Post
Karee Siding) they found an official volume
issued by the British Government. The au-
thors of the book were Majors Alborn and
Kemington of the Intelligence Department,
The book, which was issued in 1896, proposed
Plana forthe conquest of the two republics,

On the retirad list of the British Army there
fe a Major C.F. 8, Alban, On the same list
there appears the namo of Major Samuel
Lindslay Moon Remmington.)

Gen, Brabant’s foree, which 1s surrounded
near Wepener, consists of 68 officers and 1,600
men, They have seventeen cannon,

METHUEN'S FORCE ATTACKED,

Two Thoasand Boers Attempt to Capture a
Convoy.
Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Sine

ia

Hosnor, O. FS,, April 21.—A strong body of
Roers wth several guns made a@ fleree attack

ebacoumn of Lord Methuen’s force yeater-
day the Boors were held in check while the
convoy, which the British column was protect-

1D, bussed through safely

The convoy and part of Lord Methuen's fleld
ree had been ordered to return from Swartz
Kopjeto this place. The Boers, who num-
bered about two thousand, fought in the most

‘

Celermined manner At one time they ad-
van Within SOO yards of the kopje
wh ‘re the British were coheealed,

‘ I Br tishev umn got back to Boshof to-

' The Enwylish

h land w inded

casualties were sixteen

Dotch Students to Entertain Messenger Smith.
atchto TUB SUN

April 21.—-Young Smith, the
telegraph boy who is carrying a mes-
sympathy from the school boys of Phil-
ito Presi t Krager of the Transvaal,
"ve hore to-morrow, He will be enter-
‘dinner by the students of the Young

recial Candie Des

li Hact

   

Conadlan Soldiers Dangerously U1,
peeial Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Lovo, April 21,

A list of soldiers dan-

a ely lh in South Africa, which was issued
pd hr OMe to-day, includes the following
‘a bans: Lh. Agassiz, T. Moore, C, E. Finch,

\
foond Lo MeGivern,

Most Superb Day Sratn in the World.

: mi'et" leaves New York, South

ing Liberty street 302. Mo dally, arriv

Ce £ VOM. Splendid Dining and Cate

fae ; e Royal tlue trains for Wast ington.

~ retry 8, 10,100.30 A. M., 1, 1:30. 8 (Royal

ue 4 oP Mo and 12:10 night. Leave
tnlieg tS: 1, 11:30 ALM. 1, du, & (Royal
wo OPM. and 12:15 night —Ads.

eens a Pn Ee ORS IRIS Pa iia aen pilates anitaaiamamaiemmaiiasiaeaiemmiaattae

a ee —..

ND

|

 

 

 

NEW YORK, SU

BOERS AND BRITISH

JOKING,

A Series of Jucular Messages Exchanged by
Heliograph at Leeuw Kop.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
From THE SUN'S Correspondent with Lord ltoberts.

Bioemyontern, April 21.—The Boers on
Leeuw Kop are estimated to number 6,500
At noon yesterday they hellographed in Eng-
Heh: “Are you At? When are you going of
duty?” Tho British replied: “When wo getto
Pretoria.” Then the Boers heliographed:
“How fa hie Lordship?”

The British replied: “Is Kriger packing
up?” A number of messages of this kind were
exchanged. The Boers signalled; “We don't
like soldiers’ work, but we do like whiskey.”
The Englishmen answered: “We have only half
@ bottle, but come over and share it.” Several
similar jocular messages were exchanged.

Tho British commander hellographed to-day
that ten Boers had been sniping at the British
mounted patrols In the early afternoon, About
100 other burghers were seen supporting them,
but they afterward withdrew. It is
estimated that there were 500 men behind
Leeuw Kop and 2,000 inthe vicinity of the
waterworks, The aggression of the Boers
was probably acovering movement to defend
their retreat,

A heavy rainstorm for the last two daya has
placed the country in a sodden condition. The
veldt 1s in such shape that it is almost impos-
sible for cavalry and mounted infantry to pass
over it,

It is noticed that the horses which are now
coming to the front are much superior to those
sent to South Africa a few months ago.

 

THE FIGHT NEAR DEWETSDORP.

British Advance Held on Five Hours Till Help
Came.
Speciat Cable Despatch to THR SUN

From ‘THE SUN'S Correspondent with Gen. Rundle.

Wakkenstroom, 0, F. 8, April 20.~There
was & amart engagement yesterday between
the British troops and the Boers. The British
Tmperial Yeomanry and Col, Sitwell’s mounted
infantry wero the principal troops engaged,
and they benaved splendidly. They located
the Boers on the heights near Dewetsdorp and
seized the most important hill, which Gen,
Brabazon’s troops heid stubbornly from 11
o'clock in the morning until 4 In the afternoon,
when they were reénforeed by infantry and
three batteries of artillery. The British in-
fantry hold the hill to-night (Priday),

 

 

Firing Heard at Ladysmith.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN,
Lapysmita, April 21.—Firing was heard at
intervals to-day In the direction of Sunday's
River. It was maintained for an hour.

ORGAN GRINDER TO BE AN

Belief That the Dispute Over the Poulett
Peerage Has Been Settled.
Speciat Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Lonpon, April 21.—It is stated that the
strange case of the disputed Poulett peernge
has been settled by a compromise, It will be
remembered that the soi disant Viscount
Hinton, who long ground an organ !n London
streets for a living, claimed to be the heir aa
against the young son of the late Earl’s third
wife. There {s no doubt that the organ grinder
istheson of the Earl's first wife, but he was
bern less than six months after the mar-
ringe, the Earl denying his paternity. It is be-
Heved that the organ grinder, who {9 now per-
forming in asmall provincia! music hall, hav-
ing left the streets as “incompatible with
dignity of a peer,” has overcome the barriers
between himeelf and a seat in the House of
Lords from the Poulett estates by providing an
income for the younger claimant, The estates
are nominally worth £22,000 a year, but are
greatly reduced by encumbrances placed on
them by the late Earl.

EARL,

 

“ZAZA STAYS AND TRIUMPHS.,

Mr. Belasco Says the Examiner of Plays Saw
and Approved It,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Lovpon, April 21.—T#& Sun's correspondent
to-day interviewed Mr. Belasco in regard to the
row over the play of ‘‘Zaza." He said:

“Mr. Redford, the Examiner of Playa, at-
tended the production of the play and ex-
pressed his complete satisfaction. He did not
question the moral aspect of the production.
There is no possibilty of the suppression of the
play, and there will be no alteration in the book
from the New York version, Mr. Radford does
not complain because thy manuecript of the
play was not furnished tothe Lord Chamber-

lain,”
The play arouses enthnsiasm nightly and the

sale of seate is large.

 

MIDDLEM IN

The News of His Arrival Preceded by Reports
of Hard Fighting.
Special Cable Despatches to THR SUN.

Accra, April 21.—It is offictally announced
that Capt. Middlemiat, witha part of his force,
haa reached Kumasi. There are no details,

Accra, April 20.—Thoe telegranh party which
{a following Capt. MiddlemIst’s force of Haus-
sas, which should have arrived at Kumassl
yesterday, has recelved no communication
beyond reports that heavy fighting is going on,

CAPT. AUMASSI,

 

 

QUEEN HOLDS A REVIEW.

Sits for Two Hoars in Doblin and Watches the
Troops Go By.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Dupuy, April 21.—Tha Queen reviewed
10,000 troops under command of the Duke of
Connaught to-day. The weather was beauti-
ful and her Majesty watched the soldiers go
by for two hours. It ia estimated that there
were 200,000 spectators, There appeared to
be great enthusiasm,

‘“Marsac of Gascony’? Welcomed in London,
Special Cadie Despatch to THE SUN.

Lowpon, April 21.—"Marsac of Gaseony,” a
cut-and-thrust romantic drama on the style of
the “Three Musketeers,” was produced at the
Drury Lane Theatre to-night. The American
vuthor, Edward Vroom, acted the name part
with energy and conviction. He was well re-
ceived by a large audience, which included

SUND

é

AY,

Ambassador Choate and United States Consul- |

General Osborne. There was a hearty cal! for

the author.

Coming to Inspect American Shipyards,
Speciat Cadle Despatch to THe Sun
Loyxpoy, April 21.—A deputation sailed on
the ateamahip Lucania for New York to-day
to Inapect and report on shipbuilding yards tn
the United States, witha special viowto marine
insurances.

 

PLAGUE DEATHS AT MANILA,

Thirteen Last Week —~An Epidemic Among
Cattle, Too,
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN

Maniva, April 21.—There lave been thirteen
deatha from the bubonic plague during the
week. Thenative market in the centre of the
city district has been quarantined and a guard
of troops placed around it

Cattle brought here from Singapore have In-
troduced the dreaded foot and mouth disease,
A quarantine has been declared against cattle
from that place, In addition to that already In
force againat North Luzon and Batangas.

The prices of food supplies in the etty con-
tinue to be exorbitant,

Radyard Kipling.

The New York Herald published yesterday the first
installment of
Africa. It was intensely interesting and thoroughly
characteristic of the only Kipling. Second and third
installments of the series will appear in the /feraid
Mondoy and Tuesday neat.—Ade,

ct

 

» >

19

APRIL

BRITISH TRADE IN PERIL

SIGNIFICANT WARNING TO MANU+
FACTURERS AND WORKMEN,

 

 

The ‘Times’ After Investigating Industrial
Conditions in America Points Out That Eng-
lish Complacency Has Shaky Foundations -
F-vils of the British Trades Union System,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Lonpon, April 21.—There is an important
significance attaching to the publication of a
series of articles in the Times upon American
engineering competition, It Is no news to
readers of this correspondence that the bulk of
tritish and foreign trade in nearly all kinds of
manufactures lies at the mercy of American
competition whenever the American manu-
facturers choose to take possession, The
fact that trades union _ restrictions
upon the individual's work and oute
put more than offsets the advantage
of the nominally iower wages in Great
Britain has at last been discovered by Amert-
can competitors, with the result that Eng-
lish manufacturere have already suffered
heavily, even in the home trade. The situation
has induced the 7'imea to send an expert in-
vestigutor to the United States, and his reports
may well alarm Great Britain more than any
political danger which portenda, They lead
the Times itself to comment on the situation fn
& remarkable leader, which may well arouse
Englishmen from thoir self-complacency. Here
are a few pregnant sentences:

“These articles may at least open the eyes of
some people to the fact that there is a great
deal which it behooves them to understand
and may stimulate them to look for themselves
into the very grave problems which lie before
English manufacturers, even in those depart
ments where their supremacy was once most
undisputed, It is not in war alone that the
people of thia country cling to the comfortable
belief that we shall ‘muddle through some-
how.’ On the contrary, the phrase as
thoroughly characteristic of the mental attitude
of the Briton as is ‘to-morrow’ of the Span-
jard. As a nation, wa really believe in
muddling through, and are rather proud of
Ourselves for belleving {t. There is a deep-
seated feeling that it is un-Fnglish to attempt
anything more, and that our dignity requires
us to eschew that eagerness in organizing our
forces and utilizing our opportunities which
other nations do not blush to display. Asa
matter of fact, this feeling {3 not nearly so re-
apectable as we fon ily imagine, It is the prod-
uct of intellectual laziness and false pride.
Muddling is a thing to be ashamed of, anda
thing which proper pride makes a man ashamed
of, however successful he may be in it

“But even if muddling were the noblest form
of human effort and the only one worthy of a
gentleman, the fact remains that It ia becom-
ing every day more unauited to the actual con-
dition of the world. Woe are not winning any
great triumph by muddling through, and with
every decade that passes our triumphs will be-
come more difficult to discover unless we con-
descend to bring the seijentifiE method to bear
upon our conduct of public and private affairs,
The United States have immense advantages
in the abundance of raw material, the ease
with which it is mined and the cheapness of
transit by waterways, These are reasons why
we should omit nothing that may place ua in
the possession of other advantages depending
upon braing and enterprise. Yet we are far
behind in scientifie organization, In economy of
effort, in the use of machinery and in training
workmen.

“It might be expected that the trades union
system would be far more troublesome in the
United States than here, but the contrary {s
the case. It would probably be found, on tn-
quiry, thatthe phenomenun is not unconnected
with the difference tn industrial organization.
The Americans are never content whilu any-
thing is done by manual labor which ean pos-
sibly be done by machinery. Their demand is,
accordingly, for workmen with brains, and the
development of brains means the development
of individuality which declines to sink itself in
the monotony of mediocrity encouraged by the
English trade union. The difference between
English and American workiven {s the differ-
ence between the mechanical discipline of our
soldiers and the reliance upon individual train-
ing and intelligenea which is now recog-
nized as necessary in other armies, The
Engliah workmen who go to America fre-
quently find themselves very uncomfortable.
They are required to showa mental alertness
to which they are quite unueed and find it nec-
essary todo their best instead of conforming
to the restrictive rulea of the trade unions,
which require them to do no better than the
average of incompetency. In fact, our work-
men are too much like their masters in think-
ing what has done in the past will @oin the
future and that the chief meaning of progress
isto enable them to get along with even less
effort than before.”

These are admissions which Englishmen
would seorn to have made even a few months
ago, but the facts more than justify them and
they are facta of which America will undoubt-
edly take the fullest advantage.

{s

MISS BENEDICT HURTS HER ARM,
Recelves a Sprain While Holding a Restless
Horse Near Sound Beach,

GREENWICH, Conn., April 21.—Miss Helen
Benedict, who is to becoma a bride on April
ov, sprained her right arm at the shoulder this
afternoon, She and a friend from New York
took advantage of the fine weather to drive
to Sound Beach and take a tour through the
Labden Rock Farm Park owned by William
J, Marks. The wild flowers by the roadside
attracted Miss Benedict's attention and the
horse she drove was stopped. Both ladies
alighted and while Miss Benedict held the
spirited horse's head her friend picked some
flowers. The horse gave a pull of its head
and betore Miss Benedict knew what had hap-
pened she felt a severe pain in her shoulder
She held the horse, however, and called to her
companion, They stepped back into the car-
riage and though suffering fromthe pain in her
right arm Miss Benedict handled the reins
with her lett arm and drove to Indian Har-
bor, the hume of her father, Commodore Bene-
diet. Arriving there the family physician
was summoned and the arm placed in a sling
Miss Benedict insisted on remaining about the
house, and it 1) expected that her {njuries will
in no way interfere with the plans for the wed-

 

ding

A seore of workmen are now employed in
the Benediet mansion decorating it for the
wedding reception

WORSHIPPED WITH THFIR PEOPLE.

Czar and Czrarina Joined the Good Friday
Throng in Uspentk! Cathedral,

 

Special Cable Despaich to THE SuN

Moscow, April 21.—The Czar and the Caarina
unexpectediy attended the Good Friday ser-
vices at the Uapeniki Cathedral, which was
thronged with worshippers, The Czar, like the
rest of the congregation, carried a bleased
vandle, which during the service went out
twice. His Majesty relighted it both times
from that of the person kneeling beside him.

Subsequently the Czar and Czarina took part
in the solemo procession around the cathedral

The graciousness and simple piety of the Im-
perial worshippers made a deep impression on
the people

$500,000 for Son, Nothing for Danghter.

Surrogate Dantel Noble of Queens county
has admitted the willof the laa John Devlin
to probate. The estate is valued at $500,000

| and ia leftentirely to George Deviin, son ot the

Kipling’s first article from South +

|

testator, and disinherits Nea. Mary Hinman,a
daughter.

Level, Straight and Comfortable.
The roads of the New York Central Lines over
which run hourly trains between the East and West
See me table in this paper.~ Ade

00.-COP

 

 

 

' coming home soon, he will go with his sons to |

ee

YRIGH

 

T, 1900, BY

 

ACQUITTAL FOR COLSON,

Former Kentacky Congressman Found Not
Gallty of Murder,

Franxyort, Ky., April 21.-Former Con-

gresaman David G. Colson, who hae been on

 

trial on a charge of murder for the
killluog of Ethelbert Scott and Luther
Demarea at the Capitol Hotel tn a

pistol duel on Jan. 16 last was acquitted to-
night at 6:30 o'clock, the jury having been out
elghteen minutes, The verdict was received
with enthusiastic applause. Colson received
showers of congratulations and the crowd
shook him by the hand, There were many
strong men who wept.

Tho day was taken up with speeches by
attorneys. Col. E. F. Mynatt of Knoxville,
Tenn., and James Andrew Scott mado the
principal speeches for .the defence, and the
Hon. George Denny and Commonwealth's
Attorney Robert B, Franklin spoke for the pros-
secution. The argument was of the oratorical
style and was listened to with the strictest at-
tention.

After the jury retired tho instructions which

were of the usual character were
sent for and read. There was in-
tenso silence as the jurymen walked

into the court room to give the verdict,
When Foreman E.R. Jones read the ver dict,
“Wo find the accused not gullty as charged,”
a wild scene of enthusiasm followed. Colson
for an hour was the recipient of congratulas
tions of his friends, He thanked each jury-
man and to-night held a reception with the
jury,

Tho prosecution yosterday abandoned the
idea of securing a conviction on the charge of
murder and labored bard fora conviction for
manslaughter, taking advantage of one of the
instructions granted by the Judge, It was a
foregone conclusion that the jury would acquit
after the testimony had been closed. There
was no dissensions inthe jury and the verdict
Was announced as promptly as could have been
done un ter the circumstances,

Scott received six wounds in his body tn tho
nistol duel, while Colson received one in tho
arm earlyinthe f@ht. Demaree, a bystander,
was shot twice through the heart while being
held by Scott as a shield. The prosecution
sought to convict of manslaughter on the
ground that Colson had pursued Scott to the
stepa, The teat!mony tended to show that
Seott began the battle and that Colson acted
on the defensive.

FLOODS IN BLACK RIVER.

Mills at Watertown Shut Down—Dam at Car-
thage Gives Way— Loss, $250,000,

Watertown, N. Y., April 21.-—Black River
has already passed ita extreme high-water mark
and is still rising and grave fears are entertained
by mill men all along the river valley for their
property. With the exception of a few mills
and factories, the shops in this city and the
suburban villages are either shut down or min-
ning by steam power, Bagley & Sewall's
plant on Sewall’s Island, which has been run-
ning at a reduced speed for several days, was
obliged to shut down yesterday afternoon.
The H. A. Babeock’s Carriage Company's plant
is obliged to use steam instead of water power.
At Brownville the flume of the Brownville Iron

Works was swept away and the
plant is unable to continue business, The
works was swept away yesterday and the
fume of the Outerson Paper Company gave

way, and the plant will have to suspend opera-
tions for several days. The Ontario Paper
Mill bas suffered damage to its bulkhead from
the flood and will have to lie tdie for a few
days. At Black River Village the Jefferson

Paper Company's plant has been shut down
because of high water. Should the present
warm weather continue,the result will die
astrous, as the water {ts already six inches
above the highestfreshet mark recorded at the
Babcock Mill, where measurements are made.

In the North Woods there ts nearly two feet
of snow on @ level, which is rapidly melting
and con tantly adding to the volume of the
flood now rushing down Black River Valley,

The long etone dam which kept the water
in the Island Paper Company's big pond at
Carthage suddenly gave way in the centre
to-day and in tive minutes more than 100 feet
of it had been swept away. A number of men
who were working at the head gates of the
long flume which carries the water to the Car-
thage Machine Company and Spicer & Balcom’s
veneering mill were obliged to run tor their
lives. A long flume fifty feet wide and 200 feet
long, which carried power to Spicer & Son's
yulp mill, was directly opposite and only afew
Foot from the wall which gave way. When the
broadside of water struck it the flume was car-
ried off ita foundation and against the mill,
It was raised so high that the roof of the mill
was torn olf. A portion of the foundation of
Spicer’s mill was carried away and the water
took a clean sweep through the lower story.
A stream of water six feet deep ran through
and wrecked the grinding room. A conserva-
tive estimate places the damage at about $250,-
oo, The mills will be obliged to shut down
for several months. The firms affected are the
Island Paper Company, Spicer & Balcom's
veneering mill and the Carthage Machine
Company. The wall which went out was built
two years ago. It was 200 feet long andfrom
ten to fifteen feet high.

 

 

High Water tn the Appomattox River.

PerersBuro, Va,, April 21.—The Appomattox
River, by reason of the recent and continuous
heavy rains, je higher than {t has been for ten
years, and to-night the water is still rising.
All the low lands along the river
course are submerged, There is piled alone
the wharves here about two million feet of
Jumber and a@ large number of railroad ties,
some of which were carried away to-day by the
high water.

CANARD OF CROKER'S DEATH.

Let Loose Just After His Sons Had Sailed to
Join Him Abroad.

A report was started yesterday afternoon to

the effect that Richard Croker had died
suddenly in Europe, Nobody seemed
to know where the story originated,
The communications which had been
received from Mr. Croker recently

were of such a character that the report did
not alarm his friends, and when it was learned
that nocommunication of any kind had been
received by any of hia relatives the story was

set down as false, Joho F. Carroll said it was
absurd,
Mr. Croker’a sona Frank, Richard Jr,, and

Herbert sailed yesterday to join their father at
Wantage. They went on the Campania, and 4
party of friends were at the pler to see them

 

off. Frank Croker said that his father had
not made any plans for his” return |
to this country, If Mr. Croker ia

Paris and all will return to thla country to- |

gether, If Mr. Croker [a going to stay tu
land indefinitely, the Croker boys will return to
this country alone. Anyway they will not be
gone more than two months,
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Lonpow, Apri! 22. —The Wantage telecraph
otiica was closed when a rumorof Richard
Croker’s death reached here from New York
None of Mr. Croker’s friends in London has
heard even that he wae {!!, He was well a few
daysago, The reportof his death Is believed
to be without foundation

 

MORE ISLANDS TO BE TAKEN.

American Troops Leave Manila for a Group to
the South,
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN
Mania, April 21.—Col. Hardin, with a bate
talion of the Twenty-ninth Volunteer Infantry,
sajled to day forthe Marinduque and Masbate

islands, south of Luzon and north of the
Visayas. [tia not believed that there will be
any opposition to the occupation of these

islands by the Ameriean troops.

Fire Drives Oat a Theatre Andience,

Wartensury, Conn,, April 21,—Fire in Mort-
arty'’s furniture store, separated only by a
briek wall from Pole's Theatre, Ulsperaed a big
audience at 10:30 o'clock to-night. The peo-
ple fled in alarm from @ minstrel show

Rudyard kipling.
Vork steruid published yesterday the frst
Kipling’s first article from South

the Ne
instaliment of
\frica, It was intensely interesting and thoroughvy
characteristic og “tne only Kipling. Second and third
tnstalimentssft the series WI appear to the dMeraia
Monday auff Pycoday Weak Age,

/

(

Fng- |

j

 

THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.—THIRTY-FOUR PAGES.

 

 

THEY THINK WECAN'T DO IT,

EUROPE DOUBTS OUR ABILITY
BRING THE SULTAN

If They Have Fatled, Argue the Powers, How
Shall American Diplomacy Succeed ? -High
Place in European Esteem for Secretary Hay
if He Cun Make Good His Undertaking.

Spectal Cable Despatch to Tite SUN

Lonpown, April 21.—The American attempt to
bring the Sultan to terms excites compara-
tively little Interest in Purope, ehlefly because
the Old World does pot expect the New to auc-
cved Ina game wherein European diplomatists
always fail. Such athing asthe Washington
Administration wresting a substantial sur in
hard cash from the Sublime Porte by any proc-
eas whatever would suffice to revolutionize
modern diplomacy and to win for Secretay Hay
a higher place in European estimation than
that held by any statesman of this generation,

Europe sympathizes bonevolently with the
Unitod States in its efforta to enforce its just de-
mands, but the almost universal belief is that
the crisis will prove absolutely without result.
This oynical attitude of European diplomats
and peoples [a perhaps the best reason and in-
centive for the American Government to bring
to book thia outlaw among the nations and to
succeed where the whole world expects failure,
Europe, and England especially, would Ike to
diacover a means of holding the Sultan to his
plain agreement just now, for his flagrant re-
pudiation of his pledged word in raising the
customs to 11 per cent. ad valorem has ex-
asperated all countries, Creat Britain, whose
Turkish trade is half of the whole, suffers
most, but nobody as yet has discovered a means
to prevent the Sultan from violating his own
convention in this regard.

The American crisia and the customs dis-
pute seem to afford much amusement to the
Turkish Embassy in London, In this respect
Turkey's representatives here probably reflect
their royal master, who la happiest when cir-
cumventing foreign diplomacy. The Turkish
emissaries here pu’ their tongues in their
cheeks and talk solemnly about the elaborate
inquiries and investigations necessary con-
cerning the American claim, to accomplish
which four years is quite inadequate. They
intimate ulso that the Sultan has been in much
tighter places and emerged scathless, while |
his adversary was discomfited,

[tis not fora moment believed that Ameri-
ean action will proceed beyond a severance of |
diplomatic relations, which is a matter of com-
plete indifference to Turkey. The Embassy
officials say that methols which might have
proved effective with Spain will not work with
Turkey, andthatthe Sultan will not furnish
material for American party politica, for that
is how the Turks pretend to regard the Ameri-
can threat

A permanent officer of high rank in the
British Foreign Office, whose name would
carry weight on both sides of the Atlantic
were {t permissible to publishit, said to THe
SUN reporter:

“Judging by all the facts within our knowl-
edge, we do not believe that Secretary Ray has |
sent an ultimatum tothe Porte. Your Foreign |
Minister is an able and cautious man who |
would not make threata unless he were pre-
pared to make them good by ucts, and of |
course the American seizure of Smyrna is en- |
tirely out of the question. Judging by the |
comments ofthe American newapapers, your
people do not seem to be aware that the Sul-
tan and his Government are quite accustomed
to be threatened. Hae is triple-armed in the
knowledge that every European power mor-
taily dreads raising the Eastern question in
an acute form; that each suspects the motives
of all the others, and that all understand and
reapect the great military power of Turkey,
which would render a war, even to lussia,
long, bloody and costly.

“Why should the Suitan fear far-off America
more than the powerful States at his door, all
of whom haveinturn threatened him, only to
recoil at the last moment from the logical |
sequel? Upon this very question of Armenia
Lord Salisbury repeatedly and publicly warned
the Sultan of the consequences of his contu- |
macy. His warnings were unheeded—almost
contemptuously unheeded—and what could we
do? As Salisbury subsequently admitted, also
publloly, England could not send her warships
to Armenia. Do you Americans think you can
do any better or gain any morethan we have
done and gained? I am quite sure that Seere-
tary Hay cherishes no illusion in this respect.
He must be patient, as we have to be,”

Thia Is the policy of helpless inaction, which |
all Europe has supinely followed for many
years. If America can teach Furope some-
thing better she will be hailed asa pioneer in
statocraft,

 

10
TO TERMS,

NO ANSWER FROM THE SULTAN,

The Tarkish Minister Has an Interview With
Secretary Hay.

Wasninorton, April 21.—The Turkish Minis-
ter had an interview with Secretary Hay this
afternoon. It was stated afterward that All
Ferrouh Bey brought no comimunieation from
his Government, and that while the indemnity
incident was discussed, nothing was siidfor |
done to change the situation

Nothing has been received at the State De-
partment to confirm the press report from Con-
stantinople that Mr. Lloyd C. Griseom, the
United States Charged d'Affalres there, had had
a conference with the Sublime Porte by its in- |
vitation, Until Mr. Griseom’s statement of his
interview fs received, no action will be taken
by this Government,

 

 

WOULD BUY OFF POTTER PaEmem |

Itallan Saloon Keeper to ‘Be His Neighbor |
His Message to the Hotel Man.

Cratcaco, April 21.-Vrank Gazzolo, “King |
of Italy,” and keeper of several West Ride
saloons patronized by banana ee |

and organ erinders, is now avlose neighbor

of Potter Palmer. Some time ago Mr. Palmer

noticed that ground was being broken for
anew residence on someatots adjoining his
I.ake Shove Drive mansion. He made inguirios,
und when he found who his new neighbor was
io he gave his real estate agent suthority to |
buy the lotvwat any coat, When Gazzolo
wna approsched he sait he didn’t want to
sell, An offer of $25,000 more than be had

paid for the place was made, bntinstead of be-
ing temptethe aske! why Mr, Palmer waa ao
anxtousto buy. The agent frankly told him
that Mr. Palmer did not care particuarly tor
the ground, but he did object to having a sa-
joon keeper living so close to him. Mr, Ginz-
zolo placidly thought the matter over fora fow
m nutes and then remarved
Mir, Palmer doesa't like ma for a neighbor,

and L don't wantto sell, But d will fix that alt
right. You tell Mr. Ualmerthat Pwill buy his
place, ‘then he wont have me for a
neighbor”

What Mr
Gazzolo's offer has not
attempt to buy Mr
ended,

 

Palmer sail when
heen given ont
Gazzolo off has

informed of ,
The |

been

ROOSEVELT TALKS WITH Low

And Will Talk With Platt To-day About the |
Charter Revision Commiaston,
eame down from
yesterday afternoon primarily to
the Eeumenical Conferenee last
He had luncheon. with — President
Low of Columbia University
Nieholas Murray Butler © andl discusses
with them the make-up of the Chacter Revis-
ion Commission, Which Is to consist of Mfteen
members, Republicans and Democrata. This |
evening the Governor is to be the guest of
Senator Platt at dinneratthe Fifth Avenue |
|

Albany
attend

evening.
heron

Gov. Roosevelt

 

Hotel, and the game au! jeet is to be discussed

The make-up of thi vomission ts consid.
ered to be one ofthe hich’¥ interesting features
of the situation at this time

 

 

To Live There ts to Live Happily.
Park Hill-onthe-Mudeen holds every comfort— |
every natural facility for perfect home living ide. |
|
mk WwW. |
bk & WwW Nipste, Nipsie, ob. & W.
Fue new fold collar. ~ Ade

Baker county

; and 4 relative

Showers

 

 

GOV, TAYLOR OF KENTUCKY MERE,

Interviews With Gov, Roosevelt and With
Gen, Harrison,

Gov. W. 8. Taylor of Kentucky, who, It is un-

derstood, has been indicted for complicity in

the murder of William Goebel, came to this
city yesterday from Washington, Ho enlled
on Gov, Roosevelt at the residence of Douglass
Robinson, the Governor's brother-in-law, at
422 Madison avenue, and talked with him for
nore than an hour, He aleao hada talk with
ex-President Harrison at the
Hotel

Gov. Taylor called on Geo, Harrison to urge
him to reconsider his refuanl to appear for him
as counsel on eitherthe indictment or in the
United States Supreme Court on the Governor-
ship question. Gen, Harrison did not consent

It is reported that the visit to Gov. Roose-
velt was to learn whether the Governor would
honor a requisition from Kentucky under the
indictment. There has been
whether the District of Columbia would
would not honor such a requisition.

The requisition, {f made, would be signed by
Beckham as Governor ani it is Beckham’atitle
that isin dispute In the United States Court,

or

EXPECTED GOV, TAYLOR,

Kentucky Refugees tn Indiana Went to the
Station tn Vain to Meet Him,

INDIANAPOLIS, April 21
former Secretary of State of Kentucky, who
is under Indictment for murder
and RoE. Miller, formerly deputy in the office
of Caleb Powers, the Union Station
this morning expecting to meet Gov. Paylor
of Kentucky, but he did not eome. Mr. Finley
received a telegram night saying that
Gov. Taylor had indicted and adding
that he would come to this city to remain tor a
fow dava. There was considerable disappoint-
ment when the Kentucky Governor failed to

appear, but it was thought he might come
on a late train to-night from the Rast or early

Charies Finley,

the Goebel

were at

lust

been

to-morrow pmorninar
It is said that Mr, Taylor intends to carry
the case directly to the United States Supreme

Court ona writ of habeas corpus if he isindicted |

  

! and arrested, but he wants time te confer with
his attorneys, and for that reason will seek
a temporary asslum in this eity, Gov Mount
having said that he would not honor a requisi-
jon from kham for the arre-t of any of the
indieted wer An invitation has been sent
to Mr. Taylor to be present at the Rep Dlican
onvention whieh will meet on Wednesday,

and that will give him a good pretext to come

HEMWED IN BY BUSH FIRE

| Thirty-five Men Who Tried to Save Their

Horses May Perish,

Winsivko, Manitoba, April 21,
fire is raging at Vassar, eighty-four miles
southwest of Winnipeg. About thirty-five men
are surrounded and their lives are in great

danger. When the fire assumed a serious as-
} pect yesterday @ special train Was sent out
to bring in the men, numbering over 300,

Thinking to save the horses, about thirty-fve
of them remained behind. After the train
started those on board realized how bad the
fire was and the train was started back, but
could not get through and later came onto
Winnipeg. Trains have been trying to get out
since

BISHOP PARET MARRIES,
Head of the Maryland Eptscopal Diocese Weds
in Baltimore.

Bautimonr, April 21,.—The Right Rev, Wil
Ham [Paret, Bishop of the Protestant Episcopal
Diocese of Maryland, was married today in St.
Peter's Church, the bride being Mrs
Hayden Haskell, of Baltimore The ceremony
was performed by the Right Rev. Henry Y, Sat-
terlee, Bishop of Washington. The best man was
the Rev. Dr. J. Houston Feelaston, rector of
Emmanuel Protestant Episcopal Church, ‘There
were no bridemaids, The bride was given nway
by her brother, William H. Hayden, of Newark,
N. J. The ehureh was not decorated, and it was
intended to have the wedding as private as poasi-
ble After the ceremony a weddiug breasfast
was served at the home of the bride ;

The honeymoon will be spentin Lakewood, N
J. The bride is a daughter of Judge Sidney
Haycen of Windsor, Conn
Mr. Henry Tudor Haskell of Chicago, who died
about seven years ago For three years Mra
Haskell has been living in) Haltimore The
Bishopand bis bride have been acquainted for
svera! years, and although the wedding was 4
surprise tothe publie the members of the family
ave known for some time that it would oceur,
The marriage license wassecured just before the
wedding by Mr William H
City, son of the Bishop
years old and his bride is 48

KILLED IN A FLORIDA

Bishop Paret is 73

 

FEUD,
Ernest E. Pons, Son of a Late State Treasurer
Murdered tn a Quarrel.

JACKSONVILLE, Fla, April 21. -News reached
here tonight of another murder at Sanderson,
west of Jere, a region that has
been embroiled in family feuds for several years
The victim was Ernest FE. Pons, a young lawyer
of Sheriff Pons, who killed his
man recently. The vicitm was also a son of the
late State Treasurer Pons. James Altman, his
slaver is a member of a family opposed to the
Pons family, There has been a chain of murders
in that perion all caused by family feuds brought
on by trivial matters through drink

The murder there today was the resultof
whiskey drinking. A large gathering of farmers
occurs usually on Saturdays, Altman and Pons
and their friends got ints an altereation over old
quarrels and Altman drew his revolver and shot
ons down without warning
intimidated the others and getting to their horses
galloped out of town
1 posse of Pons's friends are after them and that
more trouble may follow. Pons leaves a young
wife, formerly Miss Sadie Higgins of this city
and two young children

SWALLPON IN CHICAGO,

Two Negroes
Disease Through the City,

Cureaso, April 21,—Charless Schillen, col-

ored, was to-day found sufferiag from
smallpox at J82 West Jackson Boule-
vard, Schillen has been sick for three
weeks and was” sent to the isolation
hospital, John Soden, bis roommate, who was
taken ill flve weeks ago, was treated to
a bichloride bath, and the premises were
thoroughly fumigated. Schillen and = So.
den have been scattering germs of
the cisease broadcast al through the
city. They minged freely with their
friends, ant Sehillen last Sunday went to
Hethel Church, the Lifeboat Mission and Quinn
Chapel, The work of vacelnation is being
pushed. The vestibule lodging house at We
Vanburen street was surrounded by polite
early to-day and 400 lodgers compelled to bare
their arms for vaecination. Many rebelled,

aud some had to be clubbed into submission

THE ADVENTUROUS HILL TWINS,

They Set Out Again, Get Captaored ina Harry
and Are Spanked Soundly,

 

A second tripof atventure attempted by the
Hill twins of Flushing on Frilay was
frustrated by the Coilege Point police. The

twins ore years old and sons of Hawthorne |

 

 

 

Hi!l, anewspaper man living at 205 Sanford |
avenue, Flushing. They went off ona Robin-
son Crugoe expedition recentiv and were away
twenty-four hours On Friday word was re-
coived atthe Flushing poliee station that the
twins had decampet again An alarm was aent
through the borough (Queens and aftertwo
hours of liberty the twins were arrested at the
College Polat ferry and restored to thelr home
They were spanked sound'y, Hereafter they

are to be treated tothe slipper cure every time

tney evince aympfoms of restlessness
Kudsard Wipling.

The New York Herald publi ad yesterday the first
Installment f k ng’ article from South
Africa twas Intense g and thoroughiy
ela teri stte he oniy tng. Seeondand third
nest mentesof the series w war in the Flerald
Mo day and |luesday neat \de

Piatt’s Chlorides is a concentrated quid
Adr

etanl, oderiess, safe ava at

Ita Peturel’ If he can't come to us, we'll
calivn Gun Pach, Pao, 039 Broadway. -Ade

 

Fifth Avenue ,

some doubt |

A big bush |

Sarah |

She is the widow «f |

Paret of Kansas |

He and his friends |

Ttis reported tonight that |

Have Scattered Germs of the |

to-day; fair and warmer to-morrow

—-- ——
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
WORLD MISSIONS MEETING,
GREAT MEN AT THE ECUMENICAL
CONFERENCE'S OPENING,

| sane
President) Mckinley, Gov. Roosevelt’ and
Former President Harrison Address the

Fally 2,500 of
These Now Here From Far Distant Lands
to Discuss and Devise Means of Spreading
| the Word Audiences in Carnegie

Mall and Evenalag,

Delegates and Missionaries

direat

Yesterday Afternooa

The great Beumenieal Conference, the frat
ever beld in this country and one of the g@reate
estever held in the world, began yesterday in
| Carnegie Musie Hall, and it brought to thia
| city to welcome it the President of the United
States, the Governor of the State of New York
and former President Penjamin iarrison, as
Well as hundreds of other potable persona,

Twice, ones In the afternoon and again at
night, Carnegie Hall was packed with as great
a crowd aa could be gathered inthe building,
All of the 2.500 delegates and missionaries
who come from all parts of the worl’, uncivile
ized as well as civilized, who could get into the
building were present at these two sessions,
andallof the space that was not oceupled by
them was fought for by crowds who had tick

ets ofadmission. Many were turned away dise
| appotuted who had tickets, and hundreds were
| turned away who had no tickets, but who came

thinking that they would find room to squeeze
| In somewhere,
|
|
|
|
'
|

bormer President Harrison had been made
the honorary chairman of the conference,and he
made two speeches, one at each meeting. The
first was an address of welcome to the delee
gates who had travelled so far to attend tha
conferenee, The second wasa more informal
one, made at tho evening meeting ou behalf of
the delegates, and in response to the addresses
of welcome by President MeKinley and Gov,
Roosevelt, The second speech was not pres
pared, ant the ex-Prestlent took the oppore
tunity to have some good-natured fun,

While not mentioning Admiral Dewey by
name, Gen, Harrison referred to him unmise
takably when, addressing President MeKinley,
he thanked him for having made it possible
“to lay aside those duties that some have ree
cently called simple.” The remark startela
wave of laughter that swept back and forth
over the crowded hall and broke out by fits and
sturta lateron whenever any considerable nume
ber of people happened to think of it atthe
same time

In the laughter that suceeeded the remark
President MeKin'ey and Gov, Koosevelt joined
| heartily, and Gen. Harrison had his eye on

Gov, Roosevelt. Then he started in to have

some fan with him, He recalled the fact that

| it Was notan unusual thing for the Governor
| of New York to come to New York to
} attend conferences, and that, of course,
}he had expected to flud him” there.

Then he said thatthe Governor had done him
the honor to consult him about @ little matter
before they hat come on the platiorm, and,
astilleyeing the Governor, he sald; “And when
Thad given my opinion he said to me, ‘That is
what Twas going to do, anyhow, no matter
what you said.’ ”

The Governor enjoyed the fun as muchas
anybody e'se, as the Geners ulatded that he felt
himself very lucky in having hit upon the cone
clusion of mind already arrived at before the
Governor had invited him into conferenes,
A little later Gen, Harrison stirred up Gov,
Roosevelt again when he spoke of the ouls
| “trouble” he had ever had with him, that troue
ble being thatthe Governor wanted to putaa
end toallthe evil in the world between sune
riso and sunset, not being willing to take the
time necessary toaccomplish the purpose withe
out fracturing things,

Afterthe meeting was over in the evening
there was an informal reception on the plate
form at Carnegie Hall and the distinguished
| missionaries metthe President and the Gove
ernor and the distinguished men who had
come to welcome them

OPENING SESSION, %

 

Benjamin Harrison Looks to Religion fer
Solution of Moderg Problems,

The Feumenieal Conference on Foreign
Missions, which it has required some four
years to arrange, convened yesterday after-
noon at 2:30 o’cloek in Carnegie Hall and sang
the keynote of its existence in three stanzas of
a familiar hymn;

All hail the power of Jesus’ name!
Let angels prostraw fall

Bring forth the royal dtadem
And crown Htm Lord of al!

let every kindred, every tribe,
On this terrestrial ball,

To Him all majesty aseribe
And crown Him Lord of all!

Oh, that with yonder sacred throng
We at His feet may fall,
Join in the everlasting song
And crown Him Lord of all
The whole audience, led by George C, Stebe
bins, sang the triumphal hymn with the fervor
) and ardor which from the preliminary indleas
|) tions will characterize the seventy odd meete
ings aut whieh the business of the conference
| willbe transacted, Gen, Benjamin Harrison,
who was presented as chairman of the meet
| ingand Honorary President of the conference
| by the Rev. Dr. Judson Sinith, chairman of the
| General Committee, said after prayer had been
otfered by the Rev. Dr. H. C, Mabie of Boston
| that before the business of the day began a
photographer wished to take a picture of the
people on the platform and those who were

while a flashlight photos
Gen Harrison then mud@
He aaid

 

seated there stood

graph Was taken,

| his opening address,
Address of Gen, Harrison,

"T eount it a great honor a call to preside

 

 

 

   

   

 

over the deliberations of this great) bods It
} is to associate one's self wiih the most influe
ential and enduring Work that is being done
fp this day of great enterprises
My assighinent is te the chair pot to the
speaker's dest Ih careful and compres
hensive programme that has been prep, ared
for the convention will, in its orderly develops
memt, bring before you the whole subject of
foreign tise sin all its aspects CGentlee
ren whose jearning and special experiences
will give not only interest but authority te
their addresses will discu ss chied Lopes
“We shall have Inissiona,
the muster rel the kh rea the paye
master ie inf ripe WHE mee ed thee We
shall have b fer s seme velerins trom the
i mission Outhost= amet id wersen who bave
exhibited in their wor nounsurpassed stead
fusthness ' ! ” Urase bas been
sub ect the strain of ¢ they have
been beleaguered, the have | a the weart-
hess of » wl r r From ther
we shall hear what the ¢ pel has dene for
tribes and lands and, te ll whatit has
done for the individual m wid woman. These
reports will be the ¢ {nied veports of
the whole mi on work ¢ viohe detachments
of the evangelical Protestant array
“Hours for devott jexeretses are aasioned,
The greatest | ! reves id isa revived
reconseerated inified me churet And
| this conterer be fruitinud and suecessful
in proportion as it promotes t ends There
will be, f hope. nm prayer for an ontpoure
ry of Giod’s #
joe lhe pe ntic engines that ure driving for-

development are beter speeded

[he din of the hunmer and
the and the hum of wheels, have. pene-
trated the abodes of solitude—the world has
now few quiet places. Life in strenuous —the
| boy is started in his school upon the ran, and
‘the pace ia not often slackened unul the pant-
ing man falls into his grave

"It is toa generation thus intant—to @ wenera-
tion that has Wrought wondrously in the

ward a materia
as never befor

 

nwe

 

Royal Table Ot).

Used exclusively by His Majesty, the King of Italy,
Produced on the estate of Prince Brancacclo, Rome,

 

—

A Daylight Ride New Yerk te Bueffale

vin the Lenieh Valley Ratiroad, affords @ mont

| pleasant experience ta which every comlort ke em
| fiyea age ; ;