= er EO ew

 

realms of applied science that God in His
Word and by the preacher says: All these are
worthy only and in proportion as they con-
tribute to the regeneration of nvankind. Every
invention, every work, every man every nna-
tion, must_one day come to this welahing plat-
form and be appraised.

“To what other end js all
men—this increase of knowlndge?
reat agencies way be pul in liver
fp in the halls of Ee aalih to make tite brilliant
and soft; or become the docile messengers
of a counting house or # Block exchange, or
the awift couriers of contending armies, or
the courtiers who wait in the hall« of selence
to give glory to the man inte whose hand God
has given the key to one of Tile mysteries?
Do all these great inventions, there rushing ie
tellectual developments, exhaust (vetr tainistry
in the making of men rich and the re enforcing
of arinises and fleets? No. These are servants,
prophets, forerunners They will tind a her-
ald's voice, there will be an annuneiation and
a coronation, The first results seem to be
the atimulation of 4 materi production and
a fercer struge! or toarkets Cabinets, as
Sell an trade chambers, are thinking of the
world chiefly asa marke! house, and of ren as
‘producers’ and ‘consiiuers.” We now seldon:
have ware of succession, OF for mere an al
dominion. Places are strategic primarily fron
the commercial standpoint) Colonies are corner
stalle in the world’s market place Tf the pre d-
uct tarries too long in the Warehouse, the ill
must shut down and discontent will walk the
streets. propulsion of this commerce ial

force upon Cabinets and nations Was Lever
strong aa now. The battle of the mark

t ita flercest The great quest of the nations
a for ‘consunets ‘i ha voles of commerce is,
*And my hand shall tind as the nest the riches
of the people, and as one watheretl: e@@s Taat
are left will I gather all the earth |

“But with the increase « commerce and
wealth the atress of social difffculties is net ree
lieved, but increases in all of the wreat nations
The tendenoy is net to one brotherhood. but to
many. Work forthe willing ala wagetiat wi }
eave the spirit as well as the body is a protien

this atir Among
That these
and lined

    

 

sO

is

 

 
   

      

of increasing tangle and intricney Compe
tition forces economical devices and nan es
wages that are, in some cases, insufficient to
renew the strenath expended, It sume ts

nawregations of capita
and these in turn present many threatens
aspects. Agencies of mans deyisinat may
alleviate, but they cannot eure this tendency
to division and strife and substitute a arti
to peace and unity, Christ in the heart and
His Gospel of ove and ministry in all the activi-
ties oflifeis theonly cure

“Thehighest conception thathagever ontered
the mind of mantis thar of God as the Father
of al men the one biood the universal brother
hood, It was votevelved) tut reveded. The
natural man Hives te be muuistered unto he
Jays his imposte upon others, He buys saves

if it does not conipe!

  

  

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

  

 

 

   
  
  

 

from posts of hardship and danger, of great
plans and wisest statesmanship,some of whorn
ear in your persons the marks of the well-
fought fight, who give our apirits herolc atms
and lft our life from common dust to mingie
with {mmortal light and hope-what words of
human speech can tel! the homage we owe, the
pride we feel, the love and the welcome wo
give! To these rare days you bring no com-
mon gift; to these assermbiles you lend a lustre
above all earthly pomp and power, -

“We 'o not forget the conference of 1854,
18480), 187. 16K, in England, when we speak
oftthia asthe greatest of all. We remember
noble conferences fn India, China, Japan,
when we claim forthiaa higher promise and
power, By as much ae foreign missions to-
day exceed those of all preceding days, in
breadth, efficiency, achieved results, and
glowing promiae, by as much 4% the Chureh
throughout the whole world exceeds the
Church of any single land--by so much does
this auspielous assembly surpass all miasion-
ary couneils and conventions that the worl! has
everseen. Itrepresents the inhabited world,
May the blesaing of Almighty Giod be upon tt
from firatto laat, and crown ft with @n une
earthivand unfailing power: :

“We meet, notlikethe Fathers at Nicaea and
Chalcedon, to fashion a creed and define &
polity, but to rehearse the deeds of God in
many lands, todraw out (n order the majestic
story of Christ's advancing Kingdom, more

rand and stirring thao upy epic buman genius
nas formed or buman taney conceived, We
compare experiences, and discuss methods and
stalé principles, and set in order this supreme
Apologetic of our times, the facts which dem.
onstrate the truth and power of the Goapel of
Christ. We exhibit and define the deep, under-
lying convietions or belittiog denominational
distinetions, we hold up in impassive imi reg:
nable fulness and power the majestic fact of
unity. One Lord, one faith, one baptiem, one
giorious kingdom and one adorable and divine
Redeemer, we all honor, we allalike profess
with allour hearts we long to aee triumphant in
alithe earth, We move on different lines; we
use each Gur own equipment and armor, we
employ our severa! methods, But the goul we
seek 1S One

“Dately we have seen a new and wonderful
thing. In the war of the British against the
Boers, men from Canada and India and Aus-
tralia bave etoodiwith those from Britain and
vroved at once their vaor and thoir loyalty.

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘he unity of the British Empire on every con. |

tipent in both hemispheres is thus revealed
and confirmed, So, atthe frout, in this mis
sonary campaign, we flod Protestants of every
name and land, standing shoulder to shoulder
and moving as one Che unity of Christ's
earthly kingdom standa forth to the view of all,
and deepened to a changeless and resistless
power

“The times are
gathering. In tiod

most auspicious for our
s providence We are enter.
fugen an era of missionary opportunity and
power such as the world hos never known,
The recent expansion of American territory
and responsibility so striking as to make this
anepoch in oue national history; the Qerce
werof brave peoplesin South Africa, whieh
fixes the gaze of the world, and in which the

 

| destinies of great States, ofa continent, are

| here

that they may fan }is sleep, bring hina the
Jewelles cup anon before hin. and die in the
arena for his sport) Inte such a world there
came & King. ‘net to be minkstered unto but
to minister, The rough winds fanned Hi.
sleep: He drank of tue mountain brook, and
made not the water wine for Himself, weusd
not use His power to stay His own hunwe
but had compassic on the nultitude He
called them He had bought with a@agreat price
no more servants but trends He entered
the bloody arena alone and, dying, broke ail
chains and brouglit Lie and immortality to
light.
‘Here is the perfect air m. here the tree
appraisal of men Ornarents of gold and |
gon, silken roles house abides, stocks a}
wnds~ these are tar en men are weg! ed
Where else is there ass otime? Where a
Drotherhoed so wide and perfeet? Labor is
made noble the King credits the siiallest -er-
vice. His valuee are relative. He takes ace nt
of the per cent. wher hite is brought dite bys
treasury No comm of love is base or small to
Him he widow » to ple sets an His crows
Life (s sweetened. the 4 niah beconwes of
account Where else found a plilosophis
lite so sweet and adajptatie, a plilosopel of
death so comfortina
“yphemenwh ke Pa have gone to heathen
lands with the message. Wwe ‘seek not yours but
you,’ have been hindered hy these who, Gorn |
jnw after, have reversed the message. Ruin
aud other corrupting agencies come in with our
bousted civ! obvatd the feeble races wither
the h who ewtote man’s vices,
Tho great nations | nhined fo SUD press
the slave tral Ix iv t much to ask dat
they shall combine to pr nt the sabe of spirits
to men who, ies ui ¢ ldre have ace
quired the hat restoaint If we
must have ‘co: summers t ua 4 them an
innovent diet
“The enemies of foreign missions have spoken
tuuntingly OF Whe siowhess the work and of
its great and «disproportionate cost, and we
have too exelusive eo d ourselves and
answered the critiessm ty the sugeestion that
with God a thousand ears is as one dus We
should not los sight of the other side of that)
truth one dav with FF ttheuwsar pars
(aod has not set ob linitorny pete tor bimeelf
in the work of bringing in the Kingdom of His
Bon He will fast n fs da Lhe str de
of Bie Church shall be so quickened that ecm
merce Will be the laeeard Love shall outrun
@teed. fle exaets wut fle will not answer
the demand to show a course of stonein: fils
wreat cathedral (+ vers #1000 wiven but !
it may Justly be Ked that the administrators
of our Mission treasures tits their acee ts
that they use at tes dom and ecomemy
that there is no waste, that the workinen do
not hinder each otler The ploughing andthe
sowing must be well dor Jiese may be and
should be tidged. that men's part of the
work. But the care ot inted seed is with |

 

 

God. Weeshall have reports trom the harvest. |
ere showing that tie has Kivet the promised
increase—some thirty and seme an hundred
fold

"Gifts to eduention are increasingly munif-
cent, University end tts have been
pwelled by vast sing!) uit the United Statee
during the last few years We rejoice in this
Bub may we not hope thar oon the exposition
of the greater needs of the educational work

in the mission flelds to be presented in this cor

 

 

verence, some men of weedth may find the
Buggestion to endow reat schools IN misstau
Jands? [tis awreat work te inerease the eandie-
ower of our gareat educations! arc lights but
0 give to cave dwellers an imeundeseent len p
may hea better one

“Not the least benefeent aspeet and in
fluence of this great watoerine will be found
in the Christan Pnion that evidences, The |
value of this is great oat beme but tented
wreater in the mission flew where ¢ Ji sbe
astical divisions suuue-t diverse prophet
The Bible does not draw i trat
from the home or the field |
strenuous things of lite the

  

      

 

the girded soldier, the .

many fields: there are diverse arm

tle ia in the bush and t morades

seen are few A view of the le arm ‘
Aa gor thing: the t r ‘
an enlarged comrades!

that the flan! “ hes ere

 

organized After days ithe l h the vane

      

  

 
  

  

of mimbers | »f "4 t} strenarthens
the soldier and he pace aben he
advances to e,ifa meeto malt or lett
reveals many ne h yabagmarshatiod host |
moving under ° grea ender execute
asingle battle pla
During the \r ' x f Cis

War the marelit wre the
brush, Sometioe wi advance The cone
mandar of a reminent Wd see po mere than
half of his own hile the supports te his
right and lett were wheliv boda Vo bin
it seemed a- his battalor roakina a
unsupported asa The extendedline. the
reserve, were ters 4 ' But one any
the advances ry roke {deny from,
the brush inte a savanna i narraw
natural meadow onal the \ revealed
From the canutre far to the rught eft the
distinetive cory d and regi-
mental colors appenred elated with
each of these wae the one fag that made the
army one. \ whit *}
burst from the wi ‘
tizhtened his erip upon bist
lie step What that sava
army, this © 1 n
should do for the ehureb

Gen. Harr soo in his reference to the possi-

a fleld struck a
stago of

in the remarks

bility of too many laborers it
note whieh vs nt ¥ end

the conferenes fou

iv's early

rl

  

of other speakers \ t these mav be taken
as indicating the spiritof the conference, one
ofthe reauits promised w { seem to be an

effort in future onthe part of the missionary
societies not to envroaeh pon one asother's
Aeld, but rather to direct thery andeavora each
to fresh, or at verworked territory

The formal) the dele.

address of weloome te

 

ates to the conference was delivere! by the
fey, Dr. Judson Sinith, who is the Foreign
Reeretary of the American Board of Boston
He said, in part

The Address of Welcome,

“In the service assigned to me I searcely
know which to deem the greater, the burden
or the privilege. the burden to flud words that
befit the occasion and are oq
the privilege of speaking for the
Christeniom of Armmertos, ant

 

Protestant
welcoming to

 
   

ilte your worth, |

this missionary gathering the representatives |
of the Prote t Christendom of the rest of
the world. In ame ol the committer that

    

have Invited vouan! prepared for your eon.
ing andof the lores i onary sovleties o
fie United States and Canada, Lextend to you
brethren of every name and land bevend the
neas, Most hearty We come and itations jo
the Lord.

“You who come from the United Kingdom,
honored representatives of Ena ish-speakin
peoples,foremost in the mi nary service ind

atstuke;thetermentland apparent break-up of
China. in whieh the great Powers of Europe
and of one-fourth ofthe human race are intl

| mately invo ved; that eonvention of the great

  
  

tanning in concert for
these are great avents

lowers at The He
the peace of the word-

 

and may seem to Rome to sugmeat that they
constitute the most signifleant fact of
the times, And yet if we look beneath
the surface we discover a deeper drift
a Wider movement, which focludes them
all The greater wations are making
ready for@iarg@er part in the world’s affairs
Lands of dense populations, China and Atrica

are moving cutoff seclusion lite the epen eur

rents ofthe tifeofthe times. The great Pow-
ers are learning to think of themavives, and to
act as ovecommonwealib, The Christian low.
ers possess the leaderahip in the affairs of the
worl! We behoid a divine paration, aa
plain as that whieh made ready forthe coming
of the Lord, of a missionary movement that
touches the wide, wide world. And we gather
to rehearse what God has ‘one inthe
century past,to marsha! anew our Christina

 

   

ST

 

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY,

the streate around Carneale Hall had the |

appearance that they have in the mid-
die of a heated political , campaign,
when the crowds choke them up and

the police have their hands full keeping the
people from hurting each otherin the push.

| Thore was more danger of that last night than

|

|
}

 

 

 

 

| Vanding when a

there was at other meetings that have fillat
Carnegie Hail, because more than half of the
crowd was made up of women, and everybody
knows how manageable a woman {3 when she
in the middle of a mass of people with a ticket
in her hand, denoting her right of admittance
anywhere, and she can’t get near the door.
When the doors were opened the big hall
filled upin a very few minutes, It wae plain
that more tickets had been given out than
there were seats, for within ten minutes
every seat in all the galleries, and in the body
of the hall, had an occupant. The boxes were
slower in filling but they were all occupied be-
fore half-past 7 o'clock and the meeting was
not until 8 o'clock,

In the crowd that came early were Russell
and Mrs. Sage, Seth Low, Bishop Thoburn, the
Rev, Dr. Parkhurst, the Rev. Dr. Cuthbert C
Hall, President of Union Seminary; Admiral
Philip, the Rev, Dr. J. H. Hoadley, the Rev.
Dre. Howard Duffield, A. J. Palmer, D. J. Me-
Millan, John E. Paton, BR. BR. Booth, Jacob
Chamberlin, Thomas Marsha}! and W. C. Kob-
erts, the Rev, Dr, CL. Thompson, the Rey, Dr
J. F, Gracey. the Rev. Dr. ©. W. Millard, the
Kev, Dr. 8. M. Hamilton, former Mayor Behieren
of Brooklyn and Comptroiler Coler. These men
ali had platform seats. There was a nolsy buzz of
conversation frompalf paat 7 until five minutes
after the time set forthe meotiag to begin, and
then suddenly the entire audience rose up
almost as one and began to shout and cheer
and wave handkerchiefs.

President MeKinley had arrived. How the
word got around to every body at once nobody
could tell, When the cheering began the
President had not set his foot on the stage, and
could pot be seen by any one inside the
hail, which at this time was ansolutely
packed with tne exception of the aisles,
which the police and the firemen. insisted
upon keeping free. The apace back of the
seats, between tha seata and the doors,
was packed as tight as it could be
The same was true of the apace
in the galleries, even up to the very topmost
one, and there was literally not ap inch of
standing room. Each box held more than twice
the usualnumber ofoecupants. Thestage was
crowded with the exception of a «ingle row of
ohaira along the front in the centre and @ very
narrow passage in front of them and leading
outto the door «

President McKinley onthe arm of Morria K,
Jesup reached the stage just a moment alter
the scene already deseribed, and as he ad-
vanced the cheering and the applause were re-
doubled. Behind him came former President
Harrison on the arm of William E. Dodge,

and then Gov Roosevelt, accompanied by
Bishop Potter The crowd remained
standing until all of these gentlemen
had made their way to the row 0° seats
and sat down, It was atiil ap-

moment later Cornelius

Bliss, John 8. Kennedy and the Rev. Dr,
bdward J, Brown camein, It was Dr. Brown's
duty to open the meeting, and when the ap-
plunae hat died away he took his place hy the
speaker’astand, Instantly there was a silence,

| so perfect thata whisper could be heard any-

forves, and to await the cali of God forthe cen |

tury to come, His purpose is plain: the fleid
ia open; the mareh has begun; and it rests
withus what share we shall havein the giorn-
ons toil and yet more glorious victory

Heis sounding forth the tr sbali

eall retreat

©! be swift, my beart, to answer Him, be Jubliant my
tank

f Our God ts marenhing on '

The response of the British delegation was
delivered by the Rev Ro Wardlaw Thompson
of the London snary Society, which had
105 years of history behind it, a8 he was proud
tosay Inexpressing appreciation of the re-
ception here Mr Thompson said: “If at were
notin your presence, Mr. President turning to
(ren. Harrison [should speak tas the right
royal welcome vou have given us. The fact is,
ourQueentanota figurehead, and anything
weean gasociate with ler means to us the
highest; so lam glad to say itis aright royal
welcome we thank you for which you have
given usin this great city, Tam empowered

oever

impet that

 

s

 

 

by the directors of the society to convey their |

heartiest Christian salutation and to say that
thev are at one with you and hope that from
this meeting may go forth an impulse to be felt
inal] the churehes tor many days to come.”

Mr. Thompson referred to the Peace Confers
enee ond said: We regret the demonstration
immediate y following, but we are only learns
ing [rom these experiences that no conventions
may «Weep away the selfishness ife

 

f human iif
whichon.y the spirit of Jesus Christ ean rece
tify.’

For the German delegation the Kev. Dr.
Schrether made response. He spoke, he sata,
for sixteen, missfonary sooleties, Which had Mou
missionaries in the fleld, and nad made 450,-
OOO converts, Id.000 of whom were made in

ne year “The weleome makes me feel at
home at once on this sice of the Atlantic,” he
sad: “if this contererce had no other result it
would be jusnifled in thas showing te the world
the unity of Christendom in this werk.”

He hoped, he said, thatit would bring about
a better understanding Detween the Rngish
and German and American missionary soet-
eties: the German societ.es acknowledged that
they had learned something from those of
Ameriea gud bkogiand, but perhaps the Ger-
mans also had something which the others
might protcty

Responding for the
the Rev Joseph King said:

 

 

delegation,
»matter of

Australian
“Ttiss

ehanee that Australia ie coming tothe front ip |

 

It ts that (od i@eire!ing the
with Christian States—States that. if
mercenary, @nd they are, are also
missionary. The Christian States ure in com-
miro the world’s affairs, Lam not author-
wed to speak forall Australasia, but I know all
the eburches there eo well that Loan assure
you of their sympath!es and cooperation in
thiswork, Nodount some of youthought of
Australia as stil! a mission land, but it isa
land of cathedral spires which has missionary
societies of (teown,”

The Rew Jacob Chamberlain, MoD, D. D.,
responded forthe missionaries, He spoke, he
said. inthe nameof the 2.400 missionartes in
In Na, of the 15,484) missionaries of all
horehea in a!llands, of whom there were (00

( hebst
werld
they

Man Work

 

aire

 

 

present inthe hall; of the 74,000 native assist.
apts to the missionaries, and of the Lul7ou
ommunieants and the 4,414,000 adherents al.
reavy enrolled through the missionaries’ ef-
forts in the army of the Croas, The olssion-
aties looked tor cheer from enthusiasm at
home he said, “help for

"We expect again,’
our work abroad, Kelp in tactios and
strategy, We are using medical work as a
tlauk movement to get within the enemy's line
ty works of merey and Dring them to Christ
But we Know that we in the fray may fail to
seize points in tactics that you may perceive
here tn this Beumenical Conterenoe, and for
these we look to you-to see where our tactics
are faulty, where we best may preasthe assault,

"We do mourn over some infelicities, for in
some cireumseribed territuries” there are
mnisstonaries of different bodies elbowing each
other, While just bevond is territory where if
some were sent by ahome body greater rasults
could te achieved. We pelieve that the time
has come forthe Chureh all over the world to
recognize that its God-appointed destiny is to
bring the world to Christand that only will it
prosper when the command to go Into the
world and preach the (iospel to all ereation is
obeyed in fulness. We believe that the time
has come tor each church to support two
pastors, one for the thousands af home,
ope for the myriais out in the world of
heathendom.”’ Applause

REPORT OF SECRETARY BALDWIN

The report of the Secretary of the General
Comoniittee, the Rev, Dr & LL. Baldwin, was read
to give the conference information as to some
of the work and detail of its arrangement. The
report said t notifications had been sent in

   

 

   

that 1.tieit legates would be present beside
JOO missionaries. and that other persons in-
vitedand expected to be present. ministers
and retired missionaries brought the nuinber

of those Who had signified intention
present and take part up to about 2,500.
It was announced that there were thousands
oCletters awaiting delegates at the post office
which haa been established for the benetit of
the conference in the Carnegie Hall building
After the singing of the doxology anda bene
dietion pronounced by the Rev. Dr. Ellenwood
ofthis city the meeting was adjourned and
many 0} the foreign decegates and some others
went tothe platform and were introduced to
Gen. Harrisou who shook hands with them
The management of the conference has
arranged reception rooms aod writing rooms

to ba

  
 

} in the building for the delegates, especially tor

glories of the century, what Words of welcome |
cao equal yourspirit and fitiv measure your |

world-famed deeds’ To these shores
were first discovere! by vour great sailors,
that have caught their light and inspiration
from your Iife and history, we, of many bloods
and any tongues, bid you welcome as if none
but English blood flowed in a! our veins, asst
oucjips kmew no other speech than
weAaitongue. ou from the
Surope, aod from the colonies still more re-
mote, from churches of ancient and hon
lineage, countries of noble deeds and hietory

 

your tm.

 

    
 

 

ou, too, We Welcome with oben heart and
and; no words that tongue cay frame exceed
our Jove and reverence, Our weleome and our
oy, America rejoices in your presence, ts

ronored by your coming, and [eels the upiit
@p'1 inspiration of your great deeds and heroic
patience.

And you, misalonaries of every name, from
every continent and island and tribeo! Asia
gad Africa and Oceanica, partof ‘the far-flung

attle line’ of the Christian host, who come | evening seselon long before 7 o'clock, and |

Prenat States of | ' '
arent Bia | day, and also atonteal Ii

that |

the women, and among the other evidences of

the General Committee's care for the visitors
are guide books of the city, one of which is
presentes to each delegate who calls at the

eeoeral headquarters and information bureau

As a few hundred of the missionaries and
visiting preachers wil! oecupy pulpits in and
about New York to-day {ft will bean easy mat-

ter for almost anyone who wants to hear one of
the visitors to find a place where one will be
The programmes of the conference give a
complete listof the conference meetings and
the places where they are to be held, day by
st showing the sufjeets

 

 

to be discussed and where and by whom. The
programme {fs inthe form of a ramphler of
thirty-two pages, all taken up weh the infor
mation described,

THE EVENING SESSION.

Crash so Great That Many Were Unable to
Get Into the Meeting Place,

The people began to get together for the

where inthe hall. Dr, Brown said
AMERICAN PEOPLE'S WRLCOME

“This afternoon it was the privilege of the
general committee to welcome the delegates of
the Eoumentcal Conterence to this country
This evening it isthe privilege of the hospita.-
ity committee to extend a weleome in the
name of the citizens of the city, of the Stuta
and of the eountry, and to show to them that
they feal honored by this moet notable of
Christian assemblages.”

He said that he had been directed to intro-
duce to the assemblage Mr. Jesup as presiting

oMeer, and Mr. Jesup asked Bishop
Potter of the State of New York to lead
in prayer. Bishop Potter advanced to the

apeaker’a stand and said “Ladies and gen-
tlemen, will you be good eneugh to maer”
And then he prayed for blessings on the niis-
slionaries, on the conference andon the nation,
Stateandecity. He called for an especial bless-
ing forthe Chief Executive of the country, and
closed with the Lord's Prayer, in which the
entire audience joined

|
|

 

|

99

APRIL

      

 

 

of the globe, are guests within our gates.
therm are extended the hospitality of our Lores
and the devouion of our hearts in acknowleds
ment and encouragement of their faithfulnes«
and unselfishness in a ereat movement for
uplifting the races of men, teaching them vie
truth of the common fatherhood of God and
the brotherhood of man, and showing that if
we are not our brothers’ keepers, we can be
our brovhers’ helpers

‘Lan glad of the opportunity to offer without
stint my tribute of respect to the mise! nary
effort which has wrought such wonderful
triumphs for civilization The story of the
Christian missions is one of thrilling interest
and marvellous results. The sacrifices of the
missionaries for their fellow men. constitute
one of the most glorious bags of the world #
history. The missionary, of whatever ehureh
or ecclesiastical body, who devotes his life to
the service of the Master and of men, carrying
the toreh of truth and enlightenment, deserves
the gratitude and homage of mankind, The
noble, self-effacing, Willing ministers of peace
ind good wil should be classed with the world’s
heroes

“Wielding the sword of the spirit,
conquered ignorance and prejudice
have been the pioneers of civilization
have illumined the darkness of
superstition with the light of intelligence and
truth = They have been messengers of right-
eousness and love They have braved disease
and danger and death and in their exile bave
suffered unapeakable hardships, but ther
noble spirita have never wavered They count
their labor no sacrifice Away with the word
in euch a view and with such a thought,’ says
David Livingstone, ‘it is emphatically no saen-
flow, say, rather, it isa privilege’ They furtush
us examples of forbearance and fortitude,
of patience and unyielding purpose,Sand of a
spirit which triumphs mot by the force of might,
but by the majesty of right) They are placing
in the hands of their brothers, less fortunate
than themselves, the keys which unlock thr
treasures of knowledge and open the mind to
noble aspirations for better conditions | bdu-
cation is one of the Indispeusable steps of mis-
sion enterprise and in some form must precede
all suceeasful work

The labors of missionaries, always difficult
and trying, are no longer+o perilous asin former
times, In some quarters indifference and op-
vosition have given place to aid and co-opera-
ion. A hundred years ago many of the fields
were closed to missionary effort. Now almost

they have
They
They

everywhere ia the open door, and only the |

map of the world now marks the eatent of
their thought and action

Who can estimate their value to the progress
of nations’ Their contribution to the onward
and upward march of humanity is beyond all

 

caleulation Thev have inenleated | indiuvtry
and tanght the various trades. They have
promoted concord and amity and bronght
nations closer together. They have made
men better. ‘They have increased the regard
for home. have strengthened the sacred lies
of family, have made the community well-
ordered) and their work has been a potent

influence in the development of law and the
establishment of government

“May this great meeting rekindle the spir’
of missionary ardor and enthusiasm ‘to Keo
teach all nations;’ may the field never lack
‘a suceession of heralds who shall carry on the
task the continuots proclamation of His gos-
pel to the end of time’ ”

All through the President's speech he was in-
terrupted by applause, and when he had
finished there woe more of it, As he
sat down Mr. Jesup sald: “I want to
venture to change the programme a@ jit-
tle, and assume the responsibility of
asking youto sing that old familiar hymn,
‘My Country, ‘Tis of Thea’" Instantly
the organ started playing and the sing-
ing ofthe bymn was begun, Everybody stood
up and there was euch a chorus as has
seldom been heard in this city It
Was genuine congregational! singing, with the
pleasing peculiarity that the time kept Was
perfect. Everybody sang, including the Prest-
dent, the ex-President and the Governor
The words of the hymn rang out
loud and clear The voluma of sound
was tremendous, and it must surely have been
heard for blocks. The eutira hymu war sung,

| and afterthe singing the audience applauded

| loar,

At the conclusion of the praver Mr, Jesup |

that before proceeding with the
duties asaigned to him he wished to sar
that, ag the meeting Was Purely @ mert-
ing of weleome and of a social order, it
was requested that no resolutiona or mo-
tions should be made during ite continuance
Those folks tn the crowd who had resolutions
to offer stuffed them away in their pockets.
Then Mr. Jesup. said, addressing former
President Harrison, who was the honorary
chairman of the meeting

MR, JESUP’S ADDRESS
Chairman: I fee! under great ob-

to the vommitter aod [ con.
wader it a high honor to he selected for
auch aA position as thie lo now occupy,
Mr. President, ladies and gentiemen,
great ass mblage has come here to-night
in order that it may give hearty and cordial
welcome to the members and delegates of

sald

 

“Mr

ligutions
1

itself
GOVERNOR WARMLY GREETED

Mr. Jesup again spoke of the greatnesa of
the country, and said that we had a 'reyal
good President Then he said “We are
meeting {n the greatest Stateand in the great-
estcity of that country. and [ noweal] upon the
good Governor of that State, the Hon, I heo-
dore Roosevelt.”

What he may
for the
and cheering

intended

crowd was

so loudly that
not he heard, It continued for tully
a minute The Governor's reception
was Almost ae great as that of tho President
himself, and it was renewed again and agar
asthe Governor advanced to. the edge of the

to say was
applauding
he could

have

| platform and stood smiling at hia audience,

thie |

the counei!, who have come fron all parts of |

  

the habitat'a world. Many of them have for
the flrat tine met on the American ¢on-
tinent und visited this, its chief city. If I

Speech of Gov, Roosevelt.
“Tam wiad,” he began, “to have a chance to

take part in welcoming you to-night—"You,
the men and women. who have not
only promised but who have done——”
‘The crowd started app'auding again
The Governor reaumed. “ who ave
made action follow pledge and pertormance

square with promises.’ There wag a heap

  

 

idolatry and |

 

To ’

more of applause and the Governér had to
stop & moment before he could  pro-
ceed, Then he said: “It has not been my
good fortune to be able to see at close
range the work done in foreign missions, |
technically so termed, but it was once my
Privilewe to see close-up work done in
what may be said to he a branch of mis- |
sion work that ‘9 in every sense but the
| technical sense foreign missionary work.”

underatanc the object of this conference it is |

to report tous, an! through us to this great
country, the progress that missionary effort
has made to the present day and to
advise us what better ean be done to
confer the benefits of Chsistianity through-
outthe world, At the close of the century,
when steam) and electricity bind the nations
of the world about us aimost as one, and the

   

brotherhood of man is becoming a reality,
it is fitting that this great country, whien
waa the first to reeownize jiberty and

brotherhood, should receive these representa.
tives who are sprmding from end to end of the

world the gospel of the Christian rai.
gion. It te & source of congratulation that
the President of this great) nation, one

whose heart is always open to the cause of
rightand justice, should have left his duties

and come here with his sympathy, his
cheer and his welcome, to give, on
behalf of the nation, that Wwe!-

come to these distinguished nen and women
which he has come to give. What presence
could be more potentials What voice could ut-
tera Welcome with more dignity and force than
his’ Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you
the President of the United States.”

The crowd was cheering and applauding
long before Mr. Jesup had finished, and as
President McKinley stool up everybody rose
again and bade him a noisy weleome, whieh
included a Chautanqua handkerchief salute
The President said

Address by President McKinley.

Mespe
LADIES

reunt

Mi CTEATIEMAN
CAL CONFERENCI
Words of weleone
representative gatherinea tsearnest and syin-
pathetic assemblage, presided over by one of
America’s most illustrious statesmen and citi
zens. Gen Harrison, is your true and hest we-
come Trattests the profound pleasure and satis-
faction which all of us feel that the represents.
tivesof more than two hundred societies engaged

Rs oF

THE RcuMeni-
AND GENTLEMEN
Mhis

rv here

 

 

 

{in the work of foreign nilssions, in every part
Ave
Recewe
“oNMevs
wonth \s |

'

   

A tew words to express the merits
of our elothing—the garments show
far more, We model of
every stvle—made for vour inspec-
tion,

Choice Tweeds
visible Plaids, desirable
and English) Walking
order $20,

Top Coats—20 shades of Coverts
and Venetians—to order 818,

Spring Booklet, Samples, Measur-
ing Cinide, free,

ARNHEIM

Broadway & 9th Street,

have a

Seoteh and In-
for Sacka

(oats—to

/ wasawenerr!

| Indian

, of

|
|

|

 

|
|

h. in which

Somebody started a little laugh
“No, bo, I am

the Governor joined as he aaid
not talking of New York efty.” And then there
uproar, which made the Gov-
ernor stop ‘alking again until it bad subsided
“T have seen this work,” he said, “in the
tribes on the Indian Reservations ot
the West,’ Turning to Gen. Harrison be said;
"Thad at that time the honor, Gen, Harrison,
when

 

    

betng one of your subordinates
you were Presivent, and in carrying out
that work you a'otted to me, sir, work in
which L received your heartiest supnort if [did
itwell, Thad to to visit certain Sioux I

 

dian reservations, T hadn't gone purpos:
npon miseionary work.” Here another ‘augh
was started, which was Joined in by Presi-
dent MeKinlev and ex President Horr sot
who looked at each other, sud the Governor
sald when it had eanubsided, “in the narrowest

  

sense of that term, but T ‘te
listed in missionary work rapidly,
nevertheless: because after all every ef
fort that tends to further the cause

 

rh, and
square
was not

of civic righteousness ia missionary Ww
the effort to see that our Indians wot a
deal was certainly an adjunet, if it
misaionary werk itself.”’

 

 

This was app.auded, and the Governor waa
on the best of terms with hia audie ile
went on and said that he spent twoe
as much time on his) mission as le
had intended to heeause he became
so interested in it. Then he said that the

great factorain uplifting the Indian were the

man and woman who went to teach bir
to be a Christian citizen He suid that
when he came from his mission he wished
it nad been fn hes power to convey his
experfence to those people, often wel-mean-
ing, who make a practice of speaking about
the inefficiency of foreign misstons, “1
think he said, “if they could recognize
a tenth part o the work that ia be-
ing done they would pever speak so
again, There is no work more pro tictive of

the frait foreivilization than the work being
carried on by men and women who give their

| again, very serious'y, “these personal

| ag@nin for the greeting, Gen

lives tothe preaching of the gospel to man- |

kind.”

Then the Governor told ofa missionary gath- |

ering he had seen on an Indian reservation [n
which (4) per cent. of all those who too«
part were Iniians. Many of them had
come 20 miles to. attend, and the
abject of that conference, he sail, was pre-
cisely the object of this conference
to talk over the — work and fore
mulate plans by which if could he
extended to the benefit of the entire Indian
race He told of one woman who, he sald
wastohamindthe mort auccessful mission.
ary he had ever beard of. She was a half.
breed, married toa white man, and with ab
anlutely raw muterial to work upon she
she had tronght civilization to an In-
dian tribe She ran @& genera! store
herself. She introduc industries, Sha in-
troduced charitica, and by horexample and by
her encouragement she taught the Indians
who lived about her the value of civilization
and the value of Christianity

“You whogo out through the wor'd,” said
the Governor, “know thatthe beat work that
ean be done is done by those who don’t limit
their good work to theirown immediate neigh-
borhood You know. that the nation
that spenda the most effort in seeing that the
work is well done at home ja the one that can
apare the most effort to see that the work ta
well done abroad This sentiment brought
out more apple “Weall recognize,” wenton
the Governor, ‘the truth of the old adage ‘if we
Wwantany work done we have gotto gu tothe
busiest manto have it done.” In mission
work the successful person is he who
has the energy and the perseverance
to gy out and lo sit who doesn't
shirk work at work. I want to say that there
{s enough work at hometoo, but, as Tsay, the
successful missionary isthe one who has the
energy and the perseverance and who does not
shirk work at home, but who recognizes also
the importance of work abroad

‘There is another thought [ want. to bring
ou’, and that is that to successfully defeat the
powers of evi. we must try to keep working
with and not against a) whoare honesty striv-
Ing for the tetrerment of mankind We
must try to work with that wide, broalobarity
that weleomes to the fleld fellow workmen,
asking only that those feiiow workmen steer
forthe same goal, We mast combine zeal and
enthusiasm with broad charity and sanity,
You whe go outto face what our fathers all
faced athousan’! sears ago, you who aee in real
life the dangers that to us are but names, must
work together forthe one common cause
, The Governor talked on this linea moment
longer, and then he said that life ineant more
than idieness and that the most ce:tain way
ot not having any pleasure worth while isto
ait one'a self down to the pursuit. of
pleasure as the eceupation of ]
‘The man whose life ie worth living,” sald the
Governor, “ie the man who works, Who atrivea,
who atthe end of it looks back and can say’ ‘IL
know Lhave stumbled: I know ] have halted,
but as streneth has been given me have
striven and huve left the worldalittie De\terand

\

 

 

   
    

 

 

 

 

1900.

~

 

CEE ———
not a little worse because I have lived in It.
here wes more applause here, ‘
Another thing,” said the Governor, — you
Are not trying tosave people frou exerving the
faculties which the Lord gave them, you are
trying toteach them how to use those faculties,
ou can't carry a man always, but
you can belp him to walk, Your aim in each
cany should be toteach a man. to help _him-

sell: that is the kind of help worth
iving. As I say, I haven't. seen much
oreign work close up, but have seen
lots of work at home and I know the

kelf devotion shown; L know the lives of dis-
interested, unrewarded, unknown effort.
powthe work that has been done, You are
oing the greatest work that can be done,
“T esteem it an honor.and a privilege to meet

gee here to-night, and in the name of the
tute of New York greet you; ifn
the name ofthe people of the state I bid you

welcome, and Lextend to you, who lead hard
and dangerous lives, to you who have given up
60 much that is attractive in life, to you who
bave sacrificed so much that you must hold
deur, Igiveto youno commiseration, no sym-
athy, but the heartiest admiration and the

eartieat wood will.”

When the Governor hed finished Mr. Jesup
said: “And nowwe have ono who for eight
years occupled the great oMice of President
of the United States.’

PRESIDENT LEADS CHEERING POR HARKISON,

Thore was a good deal of cheer ng, andl

President Harrison smiled all over and
then iaughed. He looked at President
Mekiniey, and they exchanged = siniles

Mr. Jesup wound up by introducing former
President Harrieon, and again the crowd stood
On its feet. This time the cheering was led by
President McKinley; he was the first one ul,
Gen. Harrison smiled es he sald:

“T felt that it would have boven more appro-
these distinguished

  

priate if some one of

forelgh gueste had been Assigned to the
pleasnot duty of acknowledging here
to-night the geberous and kindiy

weicome which haa been Lrought hy the Presi-
dent of the United States and the Governorot
New York to this great conference, It
seemed to me an occasion that one of
the foreign gentiemen might have im-
proved, to say gome Very’ cCompiimentary
things about the United States, It would not
seem to be appropriate that | should enter
upon that line of remarks. IL think there

has been an impression in foreign coun-
tries, = now, think, diappearing ty
reason of ‘the more intimate relations

established by the steamsbip, but until re-
cently Lthink there hes been an impresaion
that we are «nation given to talk a good deal
about ourselves.”

There was an outburst of laughter as the ex-
President went on in that line, concluding by
saying that he had only accepted the place of
honcrary chairman and made the address of
wecoine after considerable kicking, Then
seriously he said:

“In your behalf I return to the President of
the United States our inost hearty thanks for
his presence here to-night. Perhaps some
of our forel@n guests miss the display
and regalia with which the executives of
foreign nations make their progress and are
greeted by their subjects. Could anything be
more simple or, When you realize it, anything
more great und majestic than the simple
presence of au American President here to-
hight
GEN, HARRISON JOKES DEWFY AND BOOSEVELT

“We were quite prepared for your presence

bere because you were known of your fellows |
| from one bottle of Peruna.

   
  

    

|

countrymen @s 0 Christian gentleman,
and it was natural that you shoul
extend the sympathy and fellowship of |

one who has been u part with them tn the work
of setting up God's Klugdom in the world
but it was kind, air, that you should have de-
termined to lay aside those duties that some
have recently called simple duties,”

Here President Harrison bad to stop fora
full minute. ‘I'he laugh started on the plat-

form, and it spread over the house in @
great wave. It died away and then startet
over again. Gen. Harrison himself smiled
happily. Gov. hoosevelt appeared to be par-

ticularly ti¢kled and almost duubled up with
laughter. Everybody of course thought of the
statement of Admira: Dewey

Gen. Harrison watted uptil the laugh died
away the second tiine, and he Went on;

“Duties that you and know so well are
arduous and exacting to the very extremity of
human endurance,”

Looking at Gov
sald: Of course
Roosevelt to. come
resumed I am

Roosevelt Gren Harrison
it was no troube for Gov,
here.’ The jaugh was
inclined to think,” went
on the General, “that he rather likes to
get away fro Albany, and of am
to belheve thoae untatiiog ehroniclers of the
truth now before me, he is vot infrequentiv
here for the purpose of having consultations,”
The whole audience waa tip an uproar again.

‘He availed himeeif.”’ went on Gen, Barri-
son, ‘of the few moments we spent in the
reception room before coming on the plat-
form, to consult me about eartain
matters, and when I had eiven my
opinion he said ‘that’s exactiy what |
was going to doanshow no matter what you
sald, so] feltvery lucky that I bad bit onthe
conciustons of mind he had alrendy arrived at
befcre he invited me into conference.”
The laugh Was now & very hearty one on the
Goverpor, Gen, Harrison weaot on:

“Weare glad to hear from him these hearty
words of weleome;: they are spoken in truth,
Thetruth is that my observation of him has
indicated to me that he haga passion for truth,

  

  

the ony trouble J ever had in managing
him, and as be has sald I always managed
him well, was this; it seemed to me he wanted

ty putananttoallthe evilin the world between
suorise and sunset. He was not willing to
take the time that I thonght necessary, in
onier to avoid fracturing things, though we
never differed as tothe end to be reached, He
wanted to get there very quick, and I'm—pere
hans a little eonservative--and § w

All this time everyoody was laughing, and no
ne more heartily than the Governor, who sat
pest to the Presiden: President MeKinley
hinwself was langhing heartily

“But weare pleaseed to hear from him to-
night-—his story of the mission work in this
country, Work among savige tribes,” went on
Gen, Harrison ‘Mr Chairman, he said
greet.
these

 

 

ings are deightful tous, coming from
great executive oMflcers

Thanking the President and Gov. Roosevelt
Harrison eeclared
that twas outofthe sacred word of God that
the sv-tem of morality came that makes al!
sh sweet

nconelusion he said:

“We thank you, Mr. President, and again
thank you for vour presence here to-night, It
isa@rent thing that in this great city so full of
life the peoule have given to usthis magnificent
assemblage in wecome,” Turning toward
President MeKinley and Gov. Rooseveit: he
sald: “May the Lord God, in whose hand are
the hearts of al! m turn our hearts to him
and keep you Mr, President and Gov. Roose.

nations represented

 

 

velt and @he rulers of al
here to-night, keep you in h's peace above
At the coneluaion of Gen, Harrison's apeech,
when the uppinuse had died away, Mr, Jesup
asked the an Lienee to sing “All Hail the Power
of Jesus's Name,” and the meeting for the
ght was closed
VISITORS TO) PREACH TO-DAY,
Chaorches in Which Delegates to the Confer-

ence and Missionaries Will Be Heard,
\s Tuy Stn nas already announced the pul
pits of fully 300 churches in New York and the

 

“If I were sick and
wanted to get well,
I'd find out how some
one else got well who
had the same sort of
sickness as mine.”

If your sickness is like hers,
Mrs, Jacobs’ story will interest you,

“T was very sick indeed," writes Mrs.
Mollie Jacobs, of Felton, Kent Co,, Del-
aware, ‘and our family doctor said I had
I thought I must die soon

consumption.
for I felt soawful bad. Hada bad cough

spit blood, was very short of breath, had
pare in my chest and right lung, and also
rad dyspepsia. Before I took your ‘Golden
Medical Discovery’ and ' Pleasant Pellets’
I was so weak I could not sweep a room,
and now I can do @ small washing, and I
feel like a new person. I believe that the
Lord and your medicine have saved my
life. I was sick over two years, I took "5
bottles of the ‘Golden Medical Discovery,
and four vials of Dr. Pierce's Pellets.’’
Are you sick? Are your lungs
‘“weak?'’ Have you obstinate
lingering cough, with bleeding
lungs, weakness and emaciation ?
Thousands in just your case have

been cured by the use of
DR. PIERCE’S
GOLDEN MEDICAL
DISCOVERY.

It always helps. It almost always
cures. Sick persons are invited to
consult Dr. Pierce by letter abso-
lutely without fee or charge. All
correspondence is strictly private.
Write and get a specialist’s opine
jon on your case, free. Address
Dr. R, V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y,

 

oo

DAN GROSVENOR SAYS:

 

  

“Peruna is an Excellent Spring Catarrh

Remedy---I am as Well as Ever.”

 

Hon. Dan. A. Grosvenor, Deputy Auditor for the War Department, ina letter writtes

from Washington, D. C., says:

“Allow me to express my gratitude to you for the benefit derived

and | am now as well as ever.

spring tonics it is an excellent catarrh remedy.”

fully,

Hon, John Williams, County Commis-
sioner, of 617 West Second street, Duluth,
- Minn., says the

following bn Yr

ward to Peruna

“As a remedy for
catarrh leancheer-
fully recommend
Peruna, I know
what it is to suffor
from that terrible
disease and I feel
that it is ny duty
to speak a good
word for the tonic
that brought me
immediate recief
Peruna eured ime
of a had case of
sionerJohn Williams, Catarrh and [know
of Duluth, Mionesgota, it will cure any
other sufferer frou
" Respectfully,
John Williams.

 

County Commis

that disense

Mrs. Elmer Fleming, orator of Reservoir
Couneil No. 168, Northwestern Legion of
Honor, of Minneapolis, Minn., writes from
2535 Polk street, N. EL:

“IT have been troubled all my life with

j catarrh in my

One week has brought wonderful changes
Besides being one of the very best

Very respect
Dan. A. Grosvenor.

I took Peruna for
and now think I

head

about three months,
am perianent’s
cured I believe
that for catarrh in
all its forms Pe
rupa is the medi-
cine of the age, It
cures when all
other remedies
fail. Tean heartily
recommend Pe-
runa us a
remedy

catarrh

  
 

Thes
tine
tare!
winter weather
often retards a Mrs. Elmer Fleming, |
eure of catarrh. If Mioneapoils, Minn,

acourse of Peruna  ~

$s taken during the early spring months
the eure will be prompt and permanent,
There can be no failures if Peruna is taken
intelligently during the favorable weather
of spring

For a free book containing valuable ad-
vice on the eauses and treatment of cae
tarrh, address The Peruna Medicine Co.,
Columbus, Ohio

 

 

Shirt Waists
For Girls.

Our assortment of these goods includes a more complete line
of styles and sizes than is carried by the general stores, enabling

us to fit every girl neatly and comfortably.

They are dainty and

simple, and have an air of vouthful prettiness that stamp them for
what they are—shirt waists made especially for misses and children

Pretty colores in biae or aw tight effects, adjnstable collars and attached

Tbe
io larg:

uit.

Percalos
re

variety,
Very doe percales in beantifn yrs
teachable collars and round cafe, $1.93
materials corded stripe effects
collars. $1

Fanuer white
nicks. dotach able

Also a larwe seeortment of more expensicre etvles and materiale—imported
linens, charnbrays, masdras, and fancy white materials, from $ 2.76 to

sam

fronta cut @@ @ias, tacked at top, high collara,
straight plaited backs, bigh de

bias fronts, straight plaited

 

CALLER VAS act 92d Street.

 

vicinity will be occupied today by clergymen
who bave come here to attend the Ecumenical
Conference bot because of the uncertainty

as to whether some of the delegates and mission-
aries would arrive in time no complete hat of thease
churches has been prepared

In the Marble Collegiate Church
and ‘Twenty ninth street, the Rev. Dr Jacob
Chamberlain. the famous missionary under the
Reformed Board, will be the preacher at the morn
ing service At the West End Collegiate Church
the preacher will be the Rev. Dr. John G. Paton
of New Hebrides, and at the Madison Avenue
Reformed Church the Rev. Dr. lL. Ro Seudder
The kev Jo H Laughlin of China will be at the
Brick Presbyterian (burch, and the Rev, J. Fair

Fifth avenue

| ley Daley of Glasgow, Foreign Secretary of the

|

Free Church of Seotland, will be at the Central
Presbyterian Church this evening. This mori
ing at the Fifth Avenue Presbytenan Church
the speaker will be the Rev. Dr hing,
missionary in Australia under the Landon }
sionary Society lie wall speak at the Madison
Square Presbyierian Church in the ever
In the morning at the last named church the
preacher will be the Rev. W. E. Cousins of Mada
wascar At the Park Presbyterian Chureh in the
morning will be the Hey. Kiehard Lovett of the
Religious Tract Society, London, and in the even
ing the Rev Dr. MeNairof Japan At the Scotel
Presbyterian Church will be tn the morning the

Joseph
fs
"i

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Rev ty Wo Chamberlain of tirazal and in the even
ing the Res. WS. Sutherland oftndia. Preachers
itthe Lafayette Avenue Pre byterian Churct
Brooklyn, wil be morning, the Hes Dr WOM
Naird, evening, the Kev. James Cunningham of
London

The venerable nisstonary, the Rev Dr Wil
am Ashmor’ of India, will be at the Madison
Avenue Baptist Church today, and at the by
phany Churen, Madison avenue and Sixty fourth
street the preacher will be the Row Dr Rod
Willingham of Richmond The Manhatun
Congregational Church will have ta the morning
the Rev Ro Wardlaw ‘Thompson, Soeretary of the
London Misaonary Soe ety. tle will speak att
Hrowlway ‘Tanernacle ata ek this afternoon
and at Plymouth Church, Brooklyn in the evening
In the Clinton Avenue ¢ egotional Churet
trooklwn, the preneher ss « the Kev. J) ¢
Barkeley of Belfast, lreland

Eugene Stock, Secretary of the Church M r
vry Society of London, the lergest n ‘
rganivation in the werld, spenks in St ges
Church, Stuyvesant Squar nthe morning 1
in the aflerneenin Hedy Trinity Chureh, Ha
The preacher at Groee Church this morning will
be Bishop Scrling of the Polkland Iands: at
the Church of the Incarnation, Canon Rdmunds
of Fsetor Cathedral, binglo: nt the Churet
of the Heavenly Rest, Ulshop Ridley of Caledonia
at All Angels’. the Rev © OT OW nof Pal ne
and atSt Thomas's. bof hy nel Fifty third
street, the Rew Jo Addis n Ingle of Chinn = Sys
cial services are to be held in St) Miehoels Church
both today and one week from today, at which
the Rew © HW Fdson, GA. King. the Rev C1
Wilsen and Mr Fugone Stock peak

The W an's Page

 

of the Sunday Suy and THe BVENING SUN Dre.
sente a fleld to the advertiser of ladies’ sup-
piles that has never been offered before,
The quality © ine matter of jaterens to
women makes papers desirable as acver-
tisiog modiums,—Ade,

RAIDED BY THE CHICAGO POLICR.

A Concern That Is Said to Have Induced People
to Invest in Peper Gold Mines

CH1caco, April 21.—The police to-day raided
the rooms at 44 Adams street, occupied by the
“Alaskan Bonanza Trading and Transports
tion Company.” The concern is sail
to have induced thousands to inves: moors
in paper gold mines. W. W. Steinmet? has
managed the business in Chicago. The Prese
dent, B, B. Moore, lives in Springfield, [1]. The
detectives aay that the investors in thia con-
cern include members of the Provinelal Parlia-
ment of Canada and prominent Chicago bust+
ness men. The following are some of the
pames o Investors used in the firm's circie
lars:

William B. Smith, former Mayor of Phiine
deiphia, now with John Wanamaker, Ph) a+

| delyhia; the Hon, Angus MeKavy, Memberofthe

Provincial periiament, of Ingerso!.Canada; the

   

Hon. A. F, aren, Member of — Pariu-
ment and President of the Western
Dairymenu's Association of Canada: Albert

‘ the

F. Dexter, capitalist and President «
,

Dextereafe Deposit Company and owners

the Dexter building, Chicago; Co! L. H.
Kellogg, Regular Army, retired, Pontiac
building, Chieago; G. T. Drake, propries
tor of Drake's standard machine — works,

manufacturers of mining machinery, Chieagos
Joseph W, Tuttle, manager of the Alaska Fur
Company, 144 Michigan avenue, Chivaae;
Jobn Allen of Stromberg, Allen & Co., 357, 340
Dearborn street, Chicago: J. RK. Patterson. ime
borter and ‘euier in Portland cemant, Chicags,
Theeompany publishes promising litersture
It claims to have placer minea in the Nome,
Bonanza, iake, Fl Dorado and Sunrise min-
Me districts

 

qoeveensesseress %

Healthy Brains move
the world.

Keep Them Heal hy by

Grape-Nuts
Food.

There is a reason,
but never mind that,
Prove it by use.