i

i

iB

a
a ||
, }

 

;
ii
By

|
Bt

i

7
in
N
a
wy
{
1 Te}
i
q
iF
uy
f {
rb
a |
H
|
'
i
5 |
’
a

  

ON THE KLONDIKE TRAIL |¢.

 

4 SUMMBR TRIP ON THE YUKON
FROM CHEZSALESS BENNETT.

Winds Theat Are Always Blowing-Steamers
With One Canadian and Twe Yankee Cap-
taias~Scemes on the Yukon~The Most
Profitable Bellway~-Zwe Type: of Women.

’ Copyright, 1900, by Oy Warman

Bennett-ov-the-Lake 1# the one absolutely
qheeriess station, the one inhospitable port,
the one dreary, desdiate, unsheltered, uushaded
shore on the long trai! from Chicago to the
Klondike. Itais here that ta pilgrim, for the

leaves the White Pase Railway and
qrtrer-steamer for Canyon City, et the
head of Miee Canyon, where there !s another

ehange to around White Horse Hapids, a

hundred from Bennett.

The winds \blow at Bennett without ceasing.
In winter they) wai) up through the narrow neck
@f the lake, ony scross the snow and sob and
woen in the icyeaves of the fron freight houses.
Jo surnmer they complain constantly. sighing
ever the eands.along the lake front and powder-
ing the faces of parsing pedestrians witb pulver-
iged stone the'natoralipaving In the one street
af the town.

The only cheerful spot here is the picturesque
clubhouse, standing high up on the shore,
Overlookingsthe beautiful lake, Ohl the scenery
fo all right. From the wide veranda of tho
qualot little elabhouse you can look out over

clear water. sleedug peacefally between

oe gran old hills fiat rise abruptly on efther

 

Bar away the lake narrows to a river
nd Is 168t to view amome the distant dim moun-
tains. Now the wind seems to have sobbed Itself
sleep. The eun is sinking behind the bill
@ we go down the steep bluff, board the steamer
Australian and sail away. Our new found
friends, jolly good fellows, at the clubhouse,
age waving tis adieu.

48 we aitdown to onr first-menl on the waters
@f the mighty Yukon, we Otwerve that beer has
bounded from 75 cents to 91.60 a bottle, The

has pinched out and we are now riding
the swift waters of the majestic river. How
they hid these:rtver boate! This ono haa power-
ful engines and: they are banging them for all
they are worth, | think she is trying to shake
Ye to aleep.

Jim had just come up from the engine room
and down front the pilot house, and he assures
me that this bost ts “dead safo.” Built in Pitts-
burg, she is all steo!, 19 fest long, 96 feet beam,
with water tight compartments, electric lights
and two big searchlights that are constantly
q@weeping the shore on either side of the river.
These are needed, however, only for an hour
or two at midnight, and then only in the shadow
ef the hills, for it 1s never very dark here in
te summer.

The manager of the oer proclaims
t hie patrons that: “In addition to carrying
g Canadian master, the company has two thor-
@ughly experienced swift-water Amertcan pi-
ets on each of their boats.”

A Canadian captain ite at the head of the

table, but a Yeukee runs the boat. The former
td satisfy the law, the latter presumnbiy to
ratisfy the passengers. It te not that the Cana-
dians lack intelligence or training, but thes
are sailors of the lakes, while the Yankees
come from the ever-changing Missouri, the
treacherous Mississippi or the swift Colum-
bia. Naturally. there is a good deal of fric-
tion, Both Yankee pilota must havea captain's
license, and are called captain and the result
is that there are three captains on @ boat, each
is and each feels that he is the captain hut he

is not.

By and by, when the Canadians get used

to the twist of the trail and the speed of the
current, they may take charge in the pilot

house, but. as Jim puts it “You want a swift.
water Willie at the wheel on these curves and

ds.”
ae the winds begin to ory and moan, The
ship lists and leans for to. the leaward. We
ure passing the famous Windy Arm. It ts
well narned.
Far away somewhere in a remote corner
of the ship—perhaps up in the pilot house or
own inthe engine room,orin the stewardess
idoir—I hear a woman's voice singitw with-
ut accompaniment, sweetly. plaintively, “Far
Sway, Far Away.”
That was the last 1 knew until the sun came
at my little window and warmed iny nose
Re sleeping is glorious on the upper Yulcon
We hurried through our breakfast so as to be
out at the canyon. We have slept through
beautiful Lake Marsh, and are now in the kinks
and curves of the Yukon, swift and deep.) The
ourrent here mins three or four miles an hour
the boat makes fifteen, so we are gliding along
between the softly shaded hills just fast enough
to make it interesting. There is no snow to be
geen,no mountains near; neither are there valley
nor bottom iagds. Just the rolling hills that seem
to part to let the cool, en river slip (arough
Sometimes the hilla are ren \ for the short
grass, sometimes covered with th: thiek growth
of low spruce flere and there fires have de-
oyed the forests, and there is a fleld of fow-
rs. Wherever the forest fires aweep the hills
@ beautiful freweed grows and blooms and
Nature hastens to hide her sears
e river is unifke any other river [ have
everseen There is nothiog floating on the face
of it, no drift along the shore. It impregnes
eas being brand new It is easy to faney
fiat e channel was einpty yesterday, that the
water has just been turnedin. This is because
the river is high now, but there are none of the
indications of a flood. The waterisclear and al-
tas green as the waters of the South Pacitic,
trees and wrass and moss grow right dow
water edae = It is just like a ble brooks
other river in this condition would be bank
at but, as [ seid before. there are no banks
fe no botion land only gentle rolling
le ranged olons the shore
deep, narrow trail lies over the hilh One
nd of it hanus in the water The pilot says
is made by the caribou coming down to drink
marily last night we passed a port called Cari-
bou Crossing
Now we round a bend and enter a broad
eomparativel; quiet atrerch of water, at the
of which we see a couple of river boats
ourown Beyond the boats are long rows
of low low
ounted Police, of the people wh yoperate the
am and offices of some of the steamboat com.
On the rusht bank are some Indians
near a woodpile, making frantic signals to
our boat) They want t) ael! their wood
t the far end of the open water the river
sharply to the tert The current ia be-
ming swifter Suddenly the beat
r tall down the river. the bells tingle

wheel revolves furioualy, as we swing about just
ve the narrows. # liere

the water sweeps
rough like agrest miilrac:

, Mow, it the engines should become disabled

we would be sneked into the millrace, slammed

through Miles Canyon. and. if aoything were

left of the boat, pounded to pieces on the hid

lan rocks in the rapids of White Horse Hut

engines hold her vutil a line is made fest

to @ spruce tree, and we swing gently to yhe

flosting wharf, the wheel still working ta fe-
i

the tension of the headline
Here we break bulk ‘The quaintest ligt

 

 

tirns
he

oad runs from here past Miles Canyon
White Horse Rapids to) White Liorse station
five mules

asdengers from the Victorian. outward
bound. are tramping in over the trai, @oing
oard the Bailey and the Sifton

r

A dark woman, with a hard, hanny. [rish face
wearing a red dressing sack and a black hat
th ared plume, is weighing In at the purser’s

ce. She has sundry sacks of gold dnat
d some beautiful nuggets To ask aboue
is bonanza queen and was told that this |

was “Jim Hall's walkin’ boss

I anked about Jim Hall and they told me
that he was one of the new-made millionaires
of the Klondike and owner of “serenteen’
something

4 miner sat smoking behind the dump one
day Maud, the walking boss, erep un, peeved
ever the dump and canght him, red-handed

She shied a pebble, and the man looked up
Well,” said the foraman, “vou bittin’ the
ipe at $15 a day? Come to the cabin and
et ver dust ”
That was the was she handled the men,

and it is related that she saved 1
for Ha)!

While waiting for the wagons to return from
White Horse I walked down to have a look
at the famous Miles Canyon
I was disappointed. After standing on
walla and looking down into the Royal Gorge
after seeing the canyon of the Colorado, this
is tame. ut wair until a seow comes around
the bend There is only one man, the ex-

rt, who takes boata through here and over

hite Horse. a mile or 40 below. for $20. $50 ora
$708. according to the value of the cargo and

y owner's abliity to pay. He steadies her
et the head, and then the current catohes her
the tpn her through the narrow gorge at

8
etan

Ins aniiaaet

of a train, It is thrilling
on the wall and see a boat we hy

Here comes an Ottawa man whom LT met in |
of hope and |

June last, bound for Dawson. ful
thiisiaam. [ try to read his story in his
, but he ia a quiet, undemonstrative man
#0 1 ask him boldly how they are breaking
“Fine,” he answers. ecarcely above a whis-
r. “We have a fraction of a claim near 7
Fidorado- -one of my brothers has been there
‘or some time. The other day we found dirt
that washed out $9 fo the pan We covered
{t up quietiy—it will keep. vou know and now
I'm going out to return next vear’
As we talk we must keep turning this wav

eae tint to fight off the Indians. who thrust
rty heads into our faces and their thiev-

fiata into our pockets
ow the boat bound for Bennett cast< off
abe is a good seven feet from the wharf

Cee

VES ne
Wg ees ACR fe
tiaumiree

houses, the hommes of the Northwest |

, Some have |
eup by raul and are alrendy aboard strip. |

At first glanee |
the |

even tol

 

ine athletic pelipem rus
takes ar : a tump Cathe tov

very one bo ia breath, for the water |s
swift and deep. Moreover, if the a fails
to reach the boat he will Just fall ve the
whirling wheel. He lands with the breast
of hia brown duck coat on the edge of the after-
deck. There is no one aft to help him His
legs are swinging under the boat, the paddles
of the nm Wheel barely miss him. For «
moment be hangs helpless, with only his elbows
and hands on the wet deck. Now he begins
to hunch hiinself along, like a eat on the edge
of an eave trough, and finally graaps a brace
and pulls himself aboard

All this time the headline ia etl tugging at
the bow of the boat, to keep her nose up stream
A moment later the policeman, having raced
up the stairway and down agaln, runs forward,
and, just as the line i east off, leaps from the
lower deck to a rowboat, and from there to the
shore Ashe walks past, panting like a ferry
engine, Lusk bine why be bas romped so near lo
deat)

“Oh.” he answers, with a wave of bis hand,
*man thought bis grip bad gone back on that
boat, but it hadn't.”

That was all ‘This fearless young man had
rigked his lite to do a stranger a good turn It
was not 4 part of his business, did it
and thought nothing of ft

Now the empties begin to rattle lu from White
forse the empty care on the Spruce Line
While the horses eat the meu load the freight,
using a scrubby cayuse as switeh engine he
motive power of the Sprice Line consist of
tweuty-six horses; the rolling stock includes
Uhirteen four-whevled, unpainted Ireight cars,
about the size und shape of an ordinary trans~
fer Wagon. The wheels of the car are wide and
concaved, tu fit over the roond @pruce rail
The thes are of the same 1 .terial-spruce—
and were cut when the right of way was cleared
This, the first railway in the Yukon country,
{s better for the moment than anybody's mine.
nach of these cars, drawn by two ordinary

ones, walking tandem, driven by @ man who

andles freight at each end of the line, earns
atrtip, making from two to three trips a day

e foreman wald operating expenses were 8500
& day. At least halt that was dust in my eye
Call i€ $800 and this five miles of spruce road
fa clearing $1,000 a day, carrying [relght and peo-
ple into a vountry that ix supposed to be dead

“You come on the last car and look after the
luggage,” said Capt. Bo “Il go on to White
Horse, round my fellows up, secure a boat, and
{f the Victorian does not satl until midnight
we'll take a scoot over to the copper fields.”

About 1 Po Mo omy car left the station, and
about 1:03 o'clock left the track. The sharp
rim of the wheel ent into the rail, climbed it and
dropped to the ties A delicate: woman from
Friaco with aneight-vear old boy, whohad been
ay night, and I made wp the passenger list.

® wslosded I helped the long, lank, good
natu Qfreman, eugineer and conductor to

@ wooden frogs for the wheela, Then we

to the rear end of the ear and tried
todragit back onthe rail. It would not go on,
a we were obliged tosend back to the canyon

or help.

Pi ywewereonagain goneagain. When
the ttle boy was walking in the dust of the
trail he cried and complained. When his
mother put hin ou the ear he regretted it, for
there was great danwer of dislocating his spinal
column paid dollar to ride, and when |
ye not helping t> wet the car on the track

was walking, and when 1 was not walking
1 was regretting my dollar

“Theré,”’ said Mrs. M_ to her little boy, "there,
dear, are the dreadful White Horse Rapids,
where papa’s ship was wrecked, and here over
this trail we walked with bare. bleeding feet.”

Seenting copy, Lintroduced myself and learned
that Mr. M. liad been wreeked in the rapids
some two vears ago. His boat, with his leather
coat and notebook in the bottom of it. drifted
all the way to Dawson. A San Francisco news.
paper correspondent found the coat, muessed
the rest. and Mr M. was inourned as dead at
‘Frisco for many moons Finally he reached
Daweon and contradicted the story of his death
}and now after two long veara his wife and

boy were going to join him at Dawson, where
{ he has @ profitable law business

high up on

Across on the opposite shore
the bhiff we can see another tramway--an
(opposition line Tt is a better road than this
has sawed rafls. the drivers tell us. but it is
hor being operated. This company has bought
it to cut off competition, there being no law in
Canada against the “consolidation of com-
peting paralie! lines.” It has cost the Spruce
line sixty eool thousand. When the White
Horse and Yukon road is completed to White
Horse both these trams will be worth in the
neighborhood of 60.000 cents
When T reached White Horse it waa4 P.M,
My friends had given me up for lost and gone
to the copper flelds without me 1 was not
sorry for an old Colorado man told me con-
fidentially, that. the “skeeters were thicker
out there than fiddlers in the hereafter ”

rut he

THE PERRIS WHEE!I,

The Passing of the Greatest Engineering
Freak of the Century.

From the Chicago Frening Post
When the Ferris wheel is sent to the acrap
heap a thing likely soon to happen—the great-
est engineering vagary of the century will have
passed into that oblivion reserved for fads, fiy-
ing machines and perpetual-motion contriv-
ances. Not that the great Ferris wheel is any of
these, but simply because it never could serve
any practical use, because it embodies no dis-
Unetly new principle in engineering, and be-
cause it has a marvellous faculty of emptying
the coffers of those who try to make ita huge
bulk earn even a srmal! part of the coat of main-
taining it to say aothing of the oost of original
investment
As one of the wonders of the World's Fair of
1808 -perhapsa the chief wonder-the Ferris
wheel stood unique Its great size, marvellous
constriction and distinct novelty made it not
only the crowning feature of the Midway, but
the gosaip of four continents. During the eon-
tinuance of the exposition more than a million
and a halt of \WAitora from all quarters of the
«lobe rode in its suspended cars and from a
heigit of 264 feet caught a bird’s-eve glimpse
of the fair grounds, the lake and the distant
city
Though. lesa than athird the hei
. ag bs i elit of the
Kilfel Tower of tha Paris Exposition, the Ferris
wheel was a much greater wonder” The Eiffel
lower was merely @ conUnuous projection of
auccessive towers one upon another Given a
suitable base, its constmetion simply meant the
stringing of iron aud steel etraight into the air
Buatin the Ferris wheel something new in con-
struction was accomplished —new because of ita
great size Tt was the projection of a gigantic
eirele, carrying thousands of tons of steel and
iron suspended from: an axle and readily mov-
able by the application of machinery. ‘To have
| built the Ferris wheel simply to stand upon ita
periphery would have been a comparatively
} simple task To suspend this mass of metal
fromacentral pointand giveltmotion was the
conception of gwetius
i Fidel and hia engi wers were three vears
| butldinag the fowerin Paris, The Ferris wheel

wos eonstrnctad and | carrying passengers
within four months The idea of erecting
this great wheel came to George Washington

Gale berries a native of [pois and an engineer
forthe Pittsburg Tron Company, about a year
before the opening of the World's Fair 9 Mr
Perris was then known atoneo! the mostexpert
bridge butiders iv Amerioa, if notin the world
but when his scheme was mentioned to other
engineers if was promptly pronounced chimer-
ia) Some went even so far as to laugh at
iim,
' would wet bevend the eapeculative stage But
Vir Perris Was persistent, and, besides, had faith
in himself Courageously he set to work and
, sriceeeded in interesting sufficient capital to
warrant him in ordering material for the wheel
About $25,000 was spent in plans, tests, &e
before the actual construction of the wheel
began Nome thirty firms took part in ite mak-
ine ard a Chicago firm saw to ite erection
When ready to be turned the Ferris wheel had
cost $962,000 end had consumed about 8,000,000
pounds of iron and steel The movable part of

| it weighed 4,200,000 pounds, and it required

and not one dreamed the project ever |

  

FIGHT FOR FAIR'S ESTATE,

PHASES OF PIVE YKARS LITIGA-
TION OVER 890,000,000,

 

 

Two Wille Presented After James G, Fair's
Death-An Alleged Widow-Charges of
Verjary Present State of the law-
sulte-Mre. Herman Oclriche and Mrs.
W. K. Vanderbilt, Jr, Two of the Heirs,

San Prancisco, April 15. For the last
five years the Fair will cave has occupied the
Attention of various branches of the courts
jin San Franvisco. Newspaper reports of the
many proceedings have filled columnaevery day
forthree months ata stretoh, famous experts
in handwriting have been brought across the
continent to testify. and Judge Curtis of New
York was imported to conduct the case of
one of the litigants whoisendeavoring tu prove
that she is Fair's widowandsheuld have a wid-
ow’'s share of his estate. ‘The casealready has
more ramifications than the Sharon divorce
litigation or the Blythe case, the two celebrated
sults of San Franciscoin the last twenty years
No murder has yettbeen committed as an out-
growth of the Fair will case, but about every
other offence on the calendar has been com-
mitted by somebody or other connected with
the case. The lawyers expect to receive a
million dollars in fees for their work that
is the successful ones. The men who fight
on the losing sideswill have to content them-
selves largely with notoriety.

When Senator James G. Fair died in Decem-
ber, 180!, in his room in the Lick House, one
of the many pleces of valuable real estate that
he owned, there was no one with him who was a
blood relative. His son Charles had been
by his bedside for many hours, but the dying
qynan failed to recognize the son with whorn
he had quarreiled bitterly because of a
marriage to which he objected Hie two
daughters were speeding across the conti-
nent to reach his bedside, but they arrived
only after he waa dead. The only persons
with him were hired servants and a young
doctor who afterward appeared as the pro-
ponent of what bas been declared a spuri-
ous will of the old mililonaire. Fair had no
close friends. He trusted no une and, it ts
added, that had San Francisco been canvassed
before his death it would have been im-
possible to find any one who trusted
him. Perhaps his closest associate was Rich-
ard Dey, who had been a factotum for the Big
Four of the Comstock lode, Flood, O'Brien,
Fair and Mackay; but he never told any of
his secrets to Dey = Fair believed that no man
could be safely trusted with the details of
his business, so even his confidential book-
keepers never knew anything outside of the
open book accounts.

Fair bad accumulated more than $15,000,-
000 in thirty years of hard work as a miner
in California and Nevada He received
hia training in California mines that returned
him small money, and he applied this train-
ing to the Comstock lode in Nevada and made
a princely fortune in five years. Kvery one
recognized that Fair was the mining genius
of the Big Bonanza partnership and that it was
to his skill and energy that the golden stream
waa kept in continuous flow between Virginia
City and San Francisco for five years. Mod-
ern times or ancient days never saw such @
apectacie as the awift and certain @x-
ploitation of the lower levels of the Comstock
mines The millions of gold and silver were
taken out of these deep mines at a pace that
was never equalled before and has never been
surpassed since ‘The machinery used was
as elaborate and as costly 4s the machinery
in the famous mines of the Witwatersrand
at Johannesburg. With the millions that
he received as his share he purchased business
real eatate in San Franciseo. He bought a
narrow gauge railroad running from this city

to Santa Cruz and after halding it several rears
sold it to the Southern Pacific Company for
91,800,000 more than it cost him. He seemed
to have luck in everything that he touched
until just before bis death, when he attempted
to make a corner in wheat and failed dismally,
dropping more than $3,000,000 in the disastrous
experiment.
fhen Senator Fair glied it was found that

he had left a will which waa a remarkable docu-
ment. It was drawn Sept. 21, ses, and every-
thing aboyt it was legally correct. Ite cun-
ous feature, however, was @ trust clause which
virtually amounted to entailing the big estate
through one generation. After many minor
bequests to brothers and sisters and other
relatives, Fair left the income of his entire
estate in equal shares to his three children

Mrs. Herman Oelrichs, Miss Virginia Fair
(now Mra W. K. Vanderbilt, Jr) and Charles
1. Falr--during their lives. After the death
of the last survivor of theese children, the trus-
tees were empowered to convey one-quarter
of the estate to the heira of Mrs. Herman O4l-
richs and one-quarter to the heira of Miss Vir-
eainia Fair. The other half was to be con-
veved at the same Ume to the heirs of Fair's
brothers. The iasue of Charles L. Fair were
to have wothing from the estate Warned
by the experteno» of other California inilllon-
aires, Senator Fair directed in one clause
of his will that should any woman prove that
she was his legal widow, she should receive
$50 as her share and the same amount should
be paid to ony child who proved that the tes-
tator was his father Three trustees Wo S
Goodfellow, a well-known lawyer of this city,
James 8. Argus, Fair's connaestial bookkeeper,
and Thomas G. Crothers, hie nephew--were ap-
pointed to manage the estate during the lives
of the three children of the dead millionaire.

4t the same time that this trust will, as it
fe called, was presented for probate, Dr. Mare
Livingston, the young physician who attended
Fair in his last dave, produced a will written
in pencil, which appointed Livingston sole
executor of the estate and divided the fortune
equally among the three children. All the
trust provisions of the other will were omitted,
livingston told a story of the execution of
this will several days before the Senator died,
but when lis mind was clear aod strong.’ Sen-
ator Fair wrote it tb pencil, Dr Livingston
said, becaise he waa in bed. Livingston sub-
raitted this will for probate Another side
iague, and oue which has clouded the whole
case with innumerable scandals, waa’ raised
by Mrs. Nettie R. Craven, then the principal
of one of the largest SanFranciseo public schools
who filed a contest of both the Fair wills, on
the ground that she had a bona fide marriage
contract with Fair, that he had recognized
her many times in public as his wife, and that
she should take precedence of other beirs and
receive a widow's allowance, She also pro-
duced two deeds which purported to eonvey
to her the valuable property owned by Fair
on Mission street at the corner of Pine and
Sansome streets, valued at $1,500,000

Che first hearing waa given on the pencil will,
which was finally withdrawn. Then the trust

| will was admitted to probate by Judge Stack of

| two enwine? of 1.000 horse power each to keep it |

turning And so nicely adiusted were all the
parts, so well balanced was the great aree! circle
| with its thirty-six ears, capable of carrving
2,149 persons, that it was under aa full eontrol
de 1 SO WITK niachine or a ONY engine Onoe or
| twice during the World's Fair the motive power
' needed adiustment, bur the only results a0 far
j as the public was concerned were humorous
| incidenta, which gave the newspaper men a
columns of anything but dull) reading

matter
It is barely possible that lad the World's
Fair Insted a vearior two the Ferris wheel
might have paid for itself. This is based on
the assumption that it would have continued
to be a novelty for twelve months or more
As it was. the gross earnings of the wheel dur-
ing the fair were 8812 000 About) one-fifth
fot this went to the stoekholdera aa profita
The power necessary to operate the big wheel
would have run a cotton factory 100,000
spindles and 3000 looms and employing
4.000 operatives” The boilers of the power
plant consumed coal like an ocean liner, No
other single feature of the great exposition
renresented such an expenditure of energy
But the fair lasted only six months, and
the Ferris wheel ceased paying dividends
with the closing of the exposition ates. Had
it goue from its place on the Midway direct
to the serap pile or to Coney [*lagd ae was
at one time suggested, more than one Chica-
gonn weuld have bean some thousands of
dollacs richer to-dav. The wheel thot waa
| wuch a drawing card on the shores of Lake
Michigan, where the surrounding» were rome-
what proportioned fo its size, was moved
| to the north side of the city and placed in a
| space <o small that the cars hung over other

few

ot

property while the wheel was revolvin
There it has turned oecasionally oe the
last few vears, eating up coal, piling up cost
an eyesore to the neighborhood and a white
| elephant to its owners What has the big
} wheel cost to date? Deducting the sum paid
| to stockholders during the World's Fair. and
| counting as part of the cost what it has lost
to ila owners. it ie safe to say that $1 900,000
will not cover the total. To move it from
Jackson Park to the North Side cost alone
$175,000, and it ia figured it will require an ex-
penditure of at least $25.990 to take it down
} and remove it from where it now stands,

yee

| gpgpered for
«&

the Superior Court on Nov. 16, 1866) An im-
posing array of lawyers represented the inter-
ests of the various litigants. D. M. Delmas
looked after the pencil will) Llovd & Wheeler
the two daughters; Knight

Jegyerty for Charles L. Pair. and Goodfel-
Jow and Garrett McErnerny for the trustees
Delmas gave Np precixe explanations of his
reasons for withdrawing the pencil will, but
his reason was wunderstood to be because it
prejudiced the deeds of Mrs. Craven If the
pencil will had been formally declared a for-
gery, thie decision would have seriously af-
fected the deeds which Mrs Craven holds
Henee tosecure her portion the will was saert-
{jeed, as the only beneficiary under it was Dr
Mare Livingston

4) this time it was hinted by the lawyers
that many pomerenepe had been made out of
court Charles Fair. who originally cham-

| pioned the pencil will because it put him on the

etter reeeettneeteeieoeenenpsenensnenecnenneeseaenesiersememeer

same footing as his sisters, dropped It and at-
tacked its probate The daughters remained
neutral in this phase of the litigation, It was
understood at this time that the daughters at-
tempted to secure a compromise with Mre
Craven, as they were naturally averse to the
uneovering in open eourt of the scandal which
would be sure to follow any effort to establish
the “contract” widow's contention. Thev of-
fered her first $800,000, and finally a round half
million, if she would surrender all her rights and
the deeds that she held. It was understood
that she favored the compromise, but her law-
vers induced her to refuse and to give battle in
the open. For four vears she carried on the
contest) but she was no nearer the goal than
when she set out — [ft is understood that most
of her lawyers took the caseon a contingency
but they have all drooped out except Lafe Pence
the former papal Congressman fron Colorado
Nudge Stack, sitting as a Chancellor in the
ease, decided that the deeds to the valuable
property held by Mrs Craven were forgeries
and gave an order that these deeds should be
delivered up to the Court and destroved. This
order was evaded. A criminal feature of the
ease was the theft of the original trust will
from the County Clerk's offlee. Fortunately
the lawvers who drew the will had taken the
precaution to keep a certified copy of this im-
portant document, or the consequences would
have been disastrous
When Judwe Slack on Nov 14, (89. admitted
the trust will to probate the Fair estate
which had been ten vears in the hands of ex-
ecutors, bad increased iy value from $15,000,000
to $20,000,000 It was known af the time that
the three children obiected strenuously to the
trust clause and they had previously filed a suit
to have this clause declared invalid so far as
it applied to the real estate. This sult, Judwe
Slack decided in the affirmative and ordered a
yartial distribution of the real estate. He held,
owever, thal the trust provisions must govern

THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL

 

 

the income from securities. After waiting near-
ly the whole year allowed by law the three chil-
dren of Fair on Nov. 15, 1807, filed a contest

alnst the three trustees, to text the validity
of the trust clause) The theory of the lawyers
waa that should the Supreme Court of California
sustain the ruling of Judge Slack that the
trust clause did not apply te the real estate, then
this contest could be dropped, But if the Su-
preme Court reversed Judge Slack, then they
would push this contest to the end and as 4 last
resort carry it on appeal to the United States
Supreme Court

oO clinch another point, Charles | Pair,
through his attorneys, filed a petition settin
forth that his father waa pot of sound mine
when he executed the trust will, He averred
that his father for several years had suffered
greatly from Bright's disease and other @il-
ments, which weakened his mind and left hin
e\ posed to the undue influence of the three met
Who Were appoluted trustees tinder his will
He declared that his father was especially

+ influenced against him by designing persons and
was led to eut off his children trom a sbitire |

meen

in the benefits of the estate, although several
months previous to the drawing of this will
his father had summoned bin and freely for
given him for all past differences and had te-
sured hin there would be no diserimination
aginst hing in his will

With the customary slowness of the law, the
appeal of the three children of Pair to the State
Supreme Court from Judge Slacks decision
was not decided until Feb. 26, 100) Then the
court by four to three, decided that the trust
will is Valid both as applied to real estate and
securities, and tlat the fame only can be en-
joyed by the three children of Senator Fair dur-
ing their lives. It decided also that ¢ harles
Fair's children shall haveno shure in the estate
that one-half the estate shall be divided, at the
death of the last of the three heirs direct, equally
tunong the issue of Mrs
and Mra W.K. Vanderbilt, Jr. and the other
half shall go to the heirs of Fair's brother
Incidentally, this decision gave Mrs. Craven $50
should she establish her contention that ahe
is Fair's widow It also gave the three triis-

  

" Velrichs | ‘ ¥
Hermann | it needs the sanction of the military authorities

22, 1900. -

'

|

tees full power to administer the big $20,000,000 |

estate during the lives of the heirs As Mrs
Vanderbilt is about 80 years old, the outlook
for along temire of the trustees is hopeft!

Phe Supreme Court dectsion waa made per
& point of law so fine that it will not appeal to
the layman Judge Stack decided that the
trust will was illegal because it involved the
creation of a trust to convey. real property
and that there was no law Iu California author-
iving such a provision, ‘The Supreme Court,
however, declares that the direction to the
trustees to convey property to pamed per-
sons at the close of the trust i# a mere
fenation of the persons who the creator de-
sires shall own the property at the close of
the trust; and that thev get their title from
this designation, and withont conveyance from
the trustees. In other words, the Supreme
Court says that the direction for the trustees
to convey is simply 4 declaration in favor of
or rather a direct gift wo the persons to whom
the conveyance was directed to be made = The
court decides that Fair was his own convey-
ancer and that the beneflaaries took in ad-
vance of any conveyance by the trustees

The legacies made by Senator Fair to. his
brothers and = sistera and other relatives
amounted to $840,000) These legacies have
all been purchased by the three children, so
that whatever may be the result of the litiga-
tion, the three will share all the millions left
by their father

The suit of Mra Craven to secure @ marriage
allowance from the Fair estate was begun
last February Since then it has furnished
a new sensation nearly every day — Perjury
subornation of perjury, forgery~ these are
a few of the offences alleged to lave been com-
mitted Mm Craven's own story. was
ay interesting narrative She declared that
Senator Fair, whom she had known many years
proposed marriage to her seven years ago
He asserted that there was no use of publicity
as it would only excite gossip and cause trouble
{n his family She said he wrote out the brief

and they hoth signed it in the presence of A
notary Afterward he declared, according to
her version, that a civil marriage was neces-
sary to make their union valid and the two

went to Sausalito, across the bay from San
Francisco, and were married by Justice of
the Peace Simpton. Her story was drawn

over several dave, but it was deficient in details
and dates She could not prove that she had
ever lived in any house with Falror that he had
treated her otherwise than as his mistress,
excent that when be left her once in a hotel
of shady reputation, he told the landlord to
take good care of his wife :

Mrs. Craven's story of the civil marriage
created a sensation, and it was apparently
clinched by an affidavit from Justice Simpton
going into minute details. A few daya later
the attorneys for Charles Fair threw a bomb-
shell into the Craven camp by producing @ Fec-
ond affidavit from Simpton in which he told
how he had been engaged by his friend Sylva
of Sauslito to make this original affidavit on the
understanding that Mra. Craven would pay him

10.000, He averred that ye had never per-
ormed the marriage, and he made the second
affidavit to clear his conscience aud to escape
the penalty of perjury. Sylva ts described
as a close friend of a gambler named Harvey
who fn turn ia an intimate of Charles Fair's

Mrs. Craven has been attended in court by
her daughter Margaret, who was recently mar-
ried to the son of the millionaire brewer Koeh-
ler of St. Louis

The legal status of the various branches of
the Fair will litigation may be summed up as
follows’ The trust will, decided by Judge Slack
not toapply to the reat of the will has been held
by the State Supreme Court to be valid and to
apply to all of the ettate. A rehearing was
wranted and a new trial is eet for July. The
pencil will has been thrown out of court and
can't be revived

The deeds to pronerty worth $1,500.000, which
Mrs. Craver saves Fair gave her, have been de-
clared forwertes by Jud@e Slack. wid the case
ia now on appeal to the Supreme Court. Charles
Fair's suit to have his father declared of un-
sound mind has not vet been set for trial and it
will never be tried unless the trust) clause in
the will shall be declared validby the United
tates Supreme Court. Mrs. Nettie Craven's
anit to prove that she Is the legal widow of
James G. Fair is now on trial. It has oceupied

em- |

DIFFICULT PROBLEMS INVOLVING
MILLIONS OF DOLLARS.

 

rhe State's Right to Property Now Held by |

the Charch and by Individuals Some of It
Hurdened by Perpetual Charges That
Work Harm-The Remedy Hard to Find.

|

HAVANA, April 16. In the programme of the
Cuban revolution one of the ends proposed was |

the confiseation of a large part of the property
of the Roman Catholic Chureh in Cuba, to
consequence of the failure of the Cubans to
accomplish their judependence through their
Own efforts and of the intervention of the Unit
ed States, this project cannot now be carried
Yet in another way some of the posser-
sions of the Church are threatened, ‘The ques-
tions at issue involve the legal tithe to millions
of dollars’ worth of property which the Church
now holds, but which it is asserted belongs to the
State Should this property be taken from
the Chureh it would not be by eonfiseation, not
by the promulgation of new laws, but by the
action of existing laws of Spain. The settle-
ment of this matter is of great importance
If it is not to come now, it will only be post-
poned until such tine as the Cubans have suffi-
clent liberty to act on their own initiative [tle
hot a question of agovernmental decree [t
ix a question for the courts to decide, and yet

out

before jt can be put into shape for adjudication,
Furthermore, it involves not only property
held by the Chureh, but also the possessions of
individuals who will oppose with the Chureh
any effort to alter the present conditions

There seems to be no doubt that there is tn
Cubato-day property worth millionsof dollars
which is unlawfully withheld from the State by
the Church and by individuals. The Church ts
said to hold $80,000,000 of mortgages, $8,000,000
of which are in the citv of Havana alone. The
Bishop annually collects $472,000 from his
Havana morteages and a kind of censoa annuity
charged upon property. Many of these are
perpetual, They form an encumbrance on
property whieh is a hindrance to its tranefer
to other hands and an obstacle in the way of
the city’s material development Against
part of these no objection is made,
beeause they are adinitted to have been legally
established, and although the Government
recognives their retarding intluence in’ the
island's growth and has considered plans for
lifting the perpetual entailments, it is under-
stood that nothiag ean be done with reference to

cenaoa

this cluss of chureh property -capellaniaa
religiosas, they are called without the consent
of the Church ‘There areother kinds of ceneoa,

which are alleged to be invalid from
one cause or another, and it is against these that
legal proceedings are proposed

Some of the most inportant cengoa conaiat of
foundations for and other religions
purposes and are of the nature of ground rents
in perpetuity on Cuban real estate, made after
the year i789) In that year Charles IIT, then
King of Spain, issued a decree forbidding ad-

however

HiASses

; | ditional grants to the Chureh of this character
marriage contract that she produced in court |

lor

|} them and inherit freely

| the

the aftention of Judge Troutt in the Superior |

Court for months, and is full of sensational
features. Good lawyers declare that several
witnesses in the case will be convicted of per-
jury when the trial is over and will be sent to
state prison

 

MAYOR JONES'S IDEAS HIT 4 SNAG,

Socialtstic Idea in Ais Own Factory Manage-
ment Doesn't Work Smoothly.

Torepo, Ohlo, April 18.-Mayor Jones haa
been finding of late that his socialistic ideas of
brotherhood do not work to perfection even in
hisown plant, the Acme Sucker Rod Com-
pany. Five years ago he inetituted the
pian Each workingman pays in 1 per
cent. of his salary and the firm donates a
éuin equal to the agaregate collected from
the Fer This forma a fund out of which
death claims and sick benefits are pals. he
men attend to the distribution without any
direction from the firm. There has been
much dissension of late. It is charged that
men get drunk and draw sick benefita
while sobering up. The Mayor ses-
terday stopped the machinery while the
men's time went on andexplained to them that
they were not ready for soclalism or public
ownership if they could not manage so amall a
thing without quarrelling ‘ven if he ware
ready to turn the plant over to them (whieh
has heen several times hinted at) they were
manifestly not ready to take {t. Socialism
would come to them, he aald, Just as soon as
they were ready for It,

BIGGEST CARGO OF STEEL RAILS,

The Steamship Samva to Carry $,700 Tons to
Viadivostock.,

Bautimons, April 18.—The British steamer
Samoa, loading at Rparrows Polnttosail for Via-
divoetock, Russia, will carry the largest cargo
of steel roils ever taken upon a vessel at an
American port. Her cargo will amount to
8.700 tons, In addition to the steel rails the
Samoa will take about 79) tons of coal in her
bunkers, This will Iast until St. Michael's is

reached, where the coal can be replenished
There are severa! other coaling ports along the
route of the steamer through the Mediter-
ranean and Red Seas and before tha 16,000
rotles of water which separates Baltimore from
the Russian port are completed about 4,000
tons of coal will be consumed

It will be some time before the Samon Is
ready toaal!. Fach of the steel rails waighs
760 pounds, and only two of them can be
londed at onee, Atthe end of each day from
f00 to 800 tons of cargo are stored in the hold
of the steamer, but it will probably be two
weeks before ahe can steam from port.

Mr. Bryan's Navajo Blanket.
From the Denver Republican

"Mr Bryan was in” the land of his enemies
when he boarded the Santa Fe train at Winslow,
said M Wo Hunt “The people on the train were
mostly Republicans,and the country he was travel
ling through was, because of recent prospert
inclined to be hostile Hut he had some frends
who were ansious to hear him speak. for when
we drew into the little station at Gallup, N. M
there was quite a crowd collected to welcome the
silver champion

“In response to their urgent invitation he stepped
out upon the back platform and delivered one
of his typical speeches. The people applauded

without his special permission Thie decree,
whichis found in Law SEP, Title XVID, Book
X. of the “Novisima Recopilacton, says
“Bearing in mind the evils which emanate
from the facility which there has been for
entailing tn perpetuity all classes of property,
thus misusing the provisions of the law and
encouraging idleness and hanghtiness in the

posxsesaors of winall entails or beneficas and in
their ehildren and relatives and depriving of
many lands the army. navy, agriculture,
commeree, the arts and trades, T have resolved
that hereafter no entails shall be foundedeven
if they be by way of ayregacton or ‘mejora
de tercio y quinto’ or by those who have no next

of kin; nor shall the allenation of real estate
be prohibited in perpetuity by direct or in-
direct) means without my previous consent

or that of the Kings my suceessors, which shall
be gravted upon the advice of the chamber,
* * © declaring, as I do declare, of no value
r effect the entails mejoraa and prohibi-
tions of alienations which may be made here-
after without reval consent and giving the right
to the next of kin of the founder to recover

Seven years later Charles IV, on the advice
of the Chamber, reaffirmed this decree and es-
pecially declared that it included benefices
and any other foundations in perpetuity, Not-
withstanding these prohibitions the practice
of perpetual foundations in favor of the Church
continued Dying men went on making
willa by which a certaln proportion of thelr
property was to be set aside for the saying
of inasses and the burning of candles forever
in ordar that their progresa through purga-
tory might be facilitated. [In 1864 the Spanish
Government awoke to this fact and a law was
passed @iving the heirs of the orlginal foun-

ders of all these beneflces permission to re-
cover tho various properties. A period of
thirty vears was allowed thein tn which to

establish their tite [f no heirs appeared in
that time the properties under the law were
to revert 10 the State. The time limit expired
in 1804 and then so far as Cuba was concerned
war made conditions too turbulent for
people to bother with land titles and nothing
was done. Hence the Church still bolds all
the benefices «ranted in perpetuity after the
decree of Charles IIL. for which heirs did not
make demand = In this island far from Spain,

, whither emigrants came without their families,

many died without heirs save in the old coun-
try. Communications were not rapid or clore
and lieirs lost track,of their relatives who had
come over to Cuba and millions of dollars’ worth
of property which might have reverted to
thern under the law remained the property
of the Church = This now belongs to the State
if the State chooses to assert }te rights. In
Havana alone there are now said to be §2 000 .-
OOO worth of censoa coming under the provi-
sion of the law

Another cla-s8 of esnsoa which attracted the
attention of Charles II} and which seemed
tw him to be ill-advired and harmful to the wel-
fare of his Kingdom consists of foundationa
whose canital did not amount to the third part
of the etipend. By a decree made in 17¢9 and
found in law IL, title NVI. book | of the "No.
visima Recapilacion.” he abolished all such
benefices, The stipend of a priest in Havana
is fixed at 86.000 and hence, it ts argued, that
all beneflees srmounting to less than $1,666 67

, ceased (oextst lege lly after the date of Charles's

| decree

and when the notse subsided the Mayor of the |

town climbed up t the speaker and pflesented
him with a large Navajo blanket, neatly done
upina parcel, saying thatit was the work of an In
dian squaw of the city, who admired Mr. Bryan

“The train drew ont, and Mr. Bryan deposited
his gift upon a seat, going into the smoking room
On returning he spread out his present, for a
better view, and as he did so, @ piece of paper
pinned on the inside came to view. This was
what he read:

“My Prarn MR Bryan, Under the Republican
Admivistration the wo! in this blanket sells for
22 cents a pound Under the Democratic Ad
ministration it sold for six conus Please tell
that to your constituents” \

But neariv $1.000.000 worth of theae
cenaoa ure declared still to exist in Havana
The heirs who had the right to demand the
sroperty in the courts have not done so in
hese instances. By preseription they have
now lost their rights aod itis argued that hence
these properties belong to the State. it being
held that the Church was merely an adverse
occupant without the right to wet title to the
property by preseription

Still another class of properties held by the
Chureh ia Known as Tienes regularee — These
consist of Church property which has been con-
fiscated by the State, but, having heen con-
cealed, has escaped passing into the State's
hands Much of this is said to be held by the
Jesuit and Franciscan orders, both of whieh
were once expelled from Cuba by Spain. Their
property was confiscated. but in one way or an-
other valuable portions of it were saved When
the storm blew over and the two orders returned
they took over to themselves all the property
which the State had not discovered and this
they stiilhold, There are also many foundations
established years ago for particular purposes
with the etipnlation that should the Church or
the orders in whose favor they were nade fail
to fulfll all the terms of the deeds of gift the
properties should revert to the heirs In the
changing conditions of « Cubmany of these
contracts have been untulfilled by the Church
and bence the heirs have a right to reeoyer
There being no heirs, then the State has the
right

For this last reason there is much private
sroperty Which belongs to the State, and can be
fagally recovered if the proper measures are
taken fany Spaniards died here without
heirs Advertisements of their demise iy pro-
vineia) papers offen never reached relatives in
the old country, and through corruption in the
public offices having charge of the settlement
of estates it often caine about that private viti-
yens cot possession of the pronerty of the de-
ceased instead of the State = This practice was
a source of large revenue to the corrupt Spaniah
offers to the loss of the State There being
no law of Timitation against the State. at may
recover much of its own which is withheld tn
this way

But how?) ‘That is the question whieh eon-
fronts the present intervening government It
isa very delicate problem | tn the dava of the
Spaniards there was an offlcial who bore the
title of Investigator of Properties It was his
duty to look after the interests of the State
and set in motion the machinery of the law ta
recover any property. wrongfully withheld
either by an individual or by the Church. This
was a fat office in those tines, because the law
declared that the denouneer of a piece of prop.
ty, Hf he sueeceded in recovering it for the
State, wae entitied fo 3% per cent of its value
This sane propertion was °lso allowed to any
private citizen who made cevunciations but
the process was so difficult that it was a waste
of time fora private citizen to attempt it With
the offielal iivestizator of properties it was a
rrent promesition. but vet Uf was much easier
ipound with the holderef the property
threatened than to follow the devious conrees
of the law The denunciation of the investi-
wafor wos ensy ovough to start, but his expede
ente had to vo through the Hacienda into the
courts and where with the poasibility. of
havine its couree indefinitely delaved or barred
entirely by influences most potent with the
Bnanish oftiee-holding class and so it came
about that the investigator usually did mighty

<

 

   

pet

 

Mtdle denouncing, He had an easy time of it,
grew rich meanwhile, made no enemies, and tiv
tateescaped the burden of the care of addl-
ional property

ut there will be no investigator of property
under the American Administration, Col
M. Tarafa, formerly of the Cuban Army, @
young business inan of ability and integrity
made with a number of associates a caret
study of this question, after having a4 @ pri-
vate citizen submitted cases affecting property
worth $1,500,000 and seen the proceedings delayed
for months in the Hacienda. He sugested to
Gen, Wood that he be appointed investigator
of property Although Gen. Wood had gon-
fidence in Tarafa he refused to appoint him
after consulting with Seoretary Root, who Was
then in Cuba. In the first place the 3%
per cent commission which the law, pet-
mitted was considered to be ont of all pro-
portion to the value of the services rendered,
and, secondly, it was not believed that thy iu-
lervening Government was empowerea to
sell State property in order that the denounce
er could get hia commission, The result
of the agitation was that the law which gave
this comnilasion has been altogether abolished
and there is row no incentive for any man
to assist the State in recovering its own ;

his duty devolves upon the — officials
of the Hacienda If the matter were to
rest there every holder of State property
would be content But the matter is not
to rest here Gen. Wood is planoing
how to «go about it so that the State
may get its rights without being robbed jin
the process, The Church always has an ofMfl-
cial collector of censos, When Spain was
in power here Senor Galbes, adininistrator
of the Spanish Bank, had the oMce.  [t is said
to pay $60,000 a year in commissions, After
the ousting of Spain a new collector of censos
was needed. ‘To the place was appointed
Senor Baptiata Varona, who is a son-in-law
of Chief Justice Gonzalez Mendoza, President
of Cuba’s Supreme Court, and Is related
to various other members of the Havana Audi-
encia. In view of the situation this selection
has provoked some criticisin

If the effort to deprive the present holders
of State properties of their possession is suc-
cessful there will result great benefit to the

ople of Cuba through two channels. ‘The
aw provides that properties thus regained
shall be devoted to the foundation and main-
tenance of charitable institutions and public
achools These are two great needs in an
island where war and oppression have lefta
great mass of poverty-stricken people and
caused to be neglected the education of the
masses, without which Cuba can_never hope
to be self-governing, A great effort is now
being made by Gen. Wood through Superin-
tendent of Schools Frye to organize a com-
prehensive and efficient school system, but
already the lack of funds is being felt. Cur-
tailment has been ordered and the need of
other reforms will render the financial care
of the schools a knotty problem for the budget
mokers If but one-quarter of what is alleged
to be due the State from these properties un-
lawfully withheld were available now, educa-
tion in Cuba could go on apace with the de-
mand, and as Supt. Frve himself haa publicly
said, there iano neople that hunwers for it more
than do the Cubans. It may seem a difficult
task to seek to reclaim cenaoa from the Chureh
without appearing to attack that institution
unjustifiably and for reasons of prejudice,
but so long as the intervening Government
permita the enforcement of the Spanish laws
relating to this subject without seeking to
make new ones, the charge of ill will against
the Catholic Church cannot be brought justly.

BRER HOG.

A Wise Reast, a Weather Prophet and a Fine
Fighter When Wild.

Hogs are not stupid-—the popular impression
to the contrary notwithstanding. Instead they
are very wise--especially weather wise Negroes
say, “Ole rer Hawg, he kin see de wind.” Cer
tainly Brer Hog's bebavior is sometimes such
as to give a color of reason to the belief, The
wind may blow softly, the sun shine warm in a
clear blue sky, but if that mysterious sense warns
the heg of change, he gets ready for it upon the
instant.

Hogs in herd are tremendously gregarious;
they feed and range and sleep in gangs. Their
leat -beds are heaped together as soon as the frost
falls The older animals begin the heaping,
and the pige quickly fall in line. At first the
mound is moderate, but when cold or snow threat
ens {t grows as if by magic. Not only leaves,
but low, bushy brush and strawy sedge are gnawed
off and carried in great mouthfuls to re-enforce
the bed. If twenty hogs are to sleep in it {t will
be breast high to a man before the accumulation
ceases, Then as soon as feeding is over the
hogs make a dash for it, burrow under and bury
themselves, head and ears, in ite depths) They
lie cross-and-pile, any fashion, indeed, which
brings them aa close together as possible As
the cold increases in the night, those upon the
outer edges push under and between their sleep-
ing mates, thus rousing them to squeal discontent,

A euckling sow makes her own bed and drives
away from it everything except her piga. She
heaps it conically, gets upon top, works herself
half-way down in it, then whirls around and
around, until she baa hollowed for herself and
her piggies a anug nest After she lies down
in it, with her pigs strung along her side, she
rises upon her forelegs, and with her snout flirts
the bed stuff all over her litter

Upon a bitter day the pigs do not leave the bed.
Hogs of every aort indeed lie asleep through the
cold unless driven out by hunger.

A curious fact is that a pig will not squeal if
caught and lifted by the tail) Darky  pig-ab
stractors take advantage of it to carry off plump
captives from right under the noses of their lawful
owners. But woe betide even the most law-abiding

captor who seizes upon a pig by leg or ear or round
the middie. Piggy not only squeals, and tries
to bite, but his squealing calis every other hog
within hearing to a fierce attemptatrescue,  |3rist
ling, gnashing their tusks, foaming and red
eyed, they charge down upon the ravager If
he runs, they run after; if he stands, they rin
him about, uttering the while a peculiar soun
aumething between a squeal and a guttural roar
Oddly enough, suckling mothers are hardly so
fierce as other members of the herd But it is
the part of wisdom to drop your pig and run, as
otherwise you are in danger of serious injury i

Sight of a vicious or even @ teasing dog, no |
doubt, brings back to the herd hog a memory
of the time when bis forebears fought off wolves,
For he adopts the same method of defence— forma
a ring with his stronger companions, inside of
which the weaker are eheltered. The ring faces
out, bristling and utteri its guttural war cry
If the dog leaps at it it swiftly becomes a longish
oval, reaching out to meet and rend him

Inside the foreleg every hog has five curious,
small indentations, whose use no anatomist has
ever discovered Tradition calls them
the marks of the devil, which entering intw o
herdof swine, made them mish violently down
into the sea, They are, perhaps, an eighth of
can ineh in depth, and as big round aa a small
pea, Segrues say that if by chance they be
come clogged the pig will not thrive, andthe
experience of many hog raisers goes to confinn
the sayin

Hogs ulehly to discriminate. They
will set up 4 prodigious squealing when hungry
at aight of their babitual feeder. yet pay no at
tention to any other person, They also learn
their own calls as distinguished from those of |
other animals. Up in the ragion of mountains
and moonshine whiskey, hogs are called with
long wooden trumpets, whose sound is like that
of a hunting horn, but nore powerful and carrying
further. Revenue vigilance is, of course, the
horn’s reason of being its blasts do not awaken
suspicion as would the usual calling. The hogs
ranging miles of mountainside come when they
hear the trumpet a little before daylight, for their
beloved swill, but cannot he deceived by blasts
of any other horn.

Singularly, once upon a time, three pet pigs
wero trained to come for their morning mush
aud milk at the sound of “Dixie” most vigorously
sung They never fail to hear and heed,
even though a balf a mile off, yet paid no at
tention whatever to anyother song or sound
Another pig, friendless and astray, fell into the
way of feeding with the cows in pen, and until
he was tranamuted into bacon answered only
to the call of “Sook eow' Soo-ook'” And sul!
another learned to regulate feeding by the sound
of the big farm bell and came grunting and gai
loping to the trough whenever he heard ita clamor

While a fat pig is about the laziest and theclum
sieatofcreated things, one lean and hungry is
among the most active in mind and body A
fearless forager, the fence that turns him ha«
to be almost bullet and bomb proof. He learns
to climb post and rail as a dog climbs, to throw
down snake rail afier the manner of breachy
cattle, to evade barbed wire as shrewdly as a
politician evades the fulfilment of a promise
and tw worm his way through everything in a
manner to justify the angry farmer, who said
"T don't know about a camel going through the
eye of a needle, but if it was a hog I'd bet on his
doing it every time”

No other animal has been more modified by
civilization, and nove reverts more quickly to the
original wild type Three generations of run
ning wild suffice to turn the smooth round, short
snouted Berkshire, all meat. almostno feet, {nto
the razorback or hazel splitter, thin, lank, legs
lop eared. sharp snouted, an Lahmael in bristles
running like deer, ifrunning be possible, fighting
asonly a wild hog can fight when battle ia impera
tive The tusks which have been half obliterated
in the procesa of civilization get back size and
strength Ata year old they are formidable, at
two, murderous, at three or five more deadiy
than « sword, They afford a certain Index of
age up to six vears, but are commonly broken
in fights long before that time. Wild boars
are very ill-tempered, and when worsted in fight
Ing often revenge themselves by ripping the bark
from trees as high as they can reach

earn

 

The Intelligence of a "Sun" Reader

makes him a safe peraon to treat with. Bear
this in mind if your goods to be diaposed of
have value. An advertisement in THe Sus
will lead to a ready market aod desirable
purchasers, ~ (dv,

 

<a 2 Cn
‘CHURCH PROPERTY IN CUBA.

SUMMER BOARDER PROFIT,

OPFICIAL REPORT FROM NEW Hamp
SHIRE ON SUMMER BOARD.

 

More Than 810,000,000 Now Invested tm
the Business in That State Has Brough
Improvements Into the S6tate May
Solve the Abandoned Farm Question,

A apecial report on the summer boarding husk
ness in New Hampeahire has been mace by the State

Bureau of Labor, The bureau has secured re.

turns from every town in the State with regard

to the number of city people who come to it in the
summer, the prices pald by them for board, and
suggestions for increasing the income of the Sta,
by encouraging new boardem to come w it

‘The Commisatoner of Labor, 1. H. Carroll, sare
that aside from the profit in money which the
entertainment of boarders brings to New Hamp
shire, the influence of the outsiders on the State
for the last few years bas been shown by the in.
wreat of the people generally in good roads, iy
rural mail delivery, and in town improvemenyg
and rivalry

The Commiasioner's report shows that there
is invested in the suinmer boarding bumness ig
the Staw the sum of $10,442,352; of this amount
$957,745 was invested in new buildings and in.
provements in the year 1890 in 100 towns The

town of Dublin all by tuself invested $153,000 i

cottages, summer places, and general imprmve

ments during the year, Mr. Carroll believes thas
if the people of the State made the most of their

Opportunities, the income from the summer board

ing business within a very faw years will be from

$15,000,000 w $20,000,000 a year.
The report contains a great mass of detailed
statistics of which the following is @ summary

Number of towns and cities taking guests on
Number of towns and citles not taking
MUOSUS rere icceeees serene ‘ a
Number of farm houses where boarders are
taken... ‘ Rs 1,Aaa
Increase of summer guests over 1498 Ams
Increase in cash recelved by hotels and farm
houses over 1498..... “5 $402,341
Number of guests remaining one week or
longer. c4ok 5 BA.R22
Number remaining less thanone week . 95,706
Number of persons occupying cottages 20,582
Summer people, altogether.... 174,280

Cash received for board, &c., from sum
met people....... ‘
Cash recelved from railroad fares vest!
mated) ®
Cash received from stage fares,
Steamboat fares on the lakes 60,868.21
Invested in cottages, hotels and other
summer buildings. . ‘ 037,745.00

The report says that the grange organizations
among the farmers have done much to impress

the farmers with the profitable possibilities of
summer business. The railroads have helped
to circulave printed matter and to inform people
In the cities about the country places in the State.
Electric railroads near the large towns have al-
ready found that their summer incomes justify
the extending of their lines far beyond the profluble
Winter limits

Mr. Carroll says: “The summer business
will help «settle the subject of unoccupied
famns; many have already been purchased by city

»ple, who have repaired and remodelled the
yuildings or built new ones in place of those once
Standing, thus converting these available estates
int) attractive summer bomes and thus bringing
many helpful forces to many a rural town ”

The report urges the State w do everything it can
afford to in encouraging the summer business.
Mr. Carroll advises that the Staw expend asum
of money each year in buying in forest preserves
that will save the water supply of the State and
to establish game preserves. He cites the ex-
ample of New York to show how much can be done
in the way of establishing a forest preserve by the
State.

Mr. Carroll ingenuously urges the agricultural
population of the State to treat all summer guests
with the utmost courtesy and consideration and
not to limit its hospitality by the interests of the
individual pocket. He feela that there Is more
prosperity for the State in making its availability
as 1 vacation State thoroughly well known and
established than there is in apy other form of in
dustry open to ita citizens. He pointe out that the
State already has adistinguished colony of half
vear residents in the neighborhood of Cornish
that has tramendously improved that town
Among other members of it are ©. C. Beaman of
Fvarta, Choate & Beaman, whohas not only
built up a great country residence but has esta!
lished a grist mill and other enterprises of the

reatest usefulness to the neighborhood, which
he all-the-vearround farmers wouldn't have
the capital or the time to establish and keep going
on their own account Other members of this
colony are Maxwell Parrish.the artist, and Win
ston Churchill, the novelist, and Mr. Carroll hopes
that there are more come.

Amone the other things the report recommenda
the building of a boulevard along the New Hamp-
shire coast line. More «tress is laid on the good
roads improvements that should be made than on
any other way of attracting the pattronage of
summer people. The practice that some New
York and Boston people have taken up of driving
through the State by easy stages in an inexpen
sive wav would be much encouraged by a liberal
expenditure on roads, to say nothing of the instant
effect of good roads on bicycle immigration
Mr. Carroll saya that New Hampshire has much to
hope from the automobile and advises the hotel
and boarding house keepers to make an effort to
attract people who use automobiles into their
vicinity bv arranging togive them all the eme»
gency conveniences that are practicable

The report contains a fine map of the State and
a detailed deacription of the towns in the Stata
where summer people may find attractive abiding
places. The White Mountain fesorts occupy an
unusually small space in the recounting of the sum
mer peoples’ places. Mr. Carroll was apparenty
of the opinion that they were well enough known
to the travelling community, and that it waa
time that some of the other places tn the State
were more widely recognived Ble calle atwention
to the Connecticut lakes at the head of the great
river and to the heavy forests heyond them as
presenting an opportunity to the sportsman quite
as rood as any to be found in Maine

The renort specifically thanks the railroads
which traverse the State for their willingness to
ecooperaw with the citizenain bringing summer
business in. They have been generous and have
overlooked immediate onportunities fer galn
In the interests of enlarging the possibilities of
the future From reading the report one can
hardly avoid the belief that the Commisstonet
of Tabor believes that the State ia to derive more
in the end of its profit from the business of sum
mer entertainment than from all its other indus
tries put together

$4,047,935 90

600,000.00
63,275.50

 

AMERICAN HORSES POR

Possibility That a New Market May Be
Created by England's Recent Action.

The estimated number of horses in the world
is 60,000,000, of which 20,000,000 are in Russia,
13,500,000 tn the Caolted States, 4,500,000 in the
Armentina Republie and 4,000,000 fn Austria:

Hungary. It ix to the last country and more
articulariy to Hungary that heretofore horse
buyers in times of war Lave gone, for the reason
that Hangarian horses have been believed to inake
the best mounts for cavalry, while Russian horses
are not to be purchased except with the permis:
sion of the Government, and the Argentine 18
too remote asarule. Now the demand for horse@
for military use is being supplied to an increasing
extent from the United States

Very recently agents of the British Gover
ment hevan to purchase horses in Texas bt
the last enumeration there were 1,100.0) horses
in Texas, and the sale of several thousand of
them to the Itritish Government at orices ranging
from &50 to 870 a head (the average value o! 6
horse in the United States is now about $87) marks
&@ feature of the development of a new item
American trade. It is not in respeet to horses
only that the United States offer a larice market
to the governments of other countries, for there

WAR USE

are now in this country 2.000.000 mules ard
thousands of these have been purchased foro
service by the British Government in Soutn \fn
ca. ‘The armies of Furopean ecuntries ore .
stantly increasing in size and with this trea
comes the need for more horses Roughly speah-

ing, there are 1,000,000 horses required for mile
tary service on a war footing in all countnes,
or one horse in sixty = The requirements of the
Russian army are 400.000 of France and Ger
many 200,000 each and of England and the
United States 100,000 each Horses and niules
bought in the United States have been seen in
actual warfare to possess the very qualities neede

The horses bave speed, endurance, strength, and
the mules endurance and strength without speek

'Chieagoese”’ Good Enough for Chicago.
From the Chteaga

When Wachers or principals
schools misuse the English idiom twist up their

grammatical oonatruction and slide into bad
colloquialisms, it is simply a lapse into Chics
goes.” The district superintendents of sehools
came to this opinion yesterday afternoon at their
cabinet meeting, after they had considered the
charges of schoo! trustees that the teachers dor
understand the language and cannot use or ten
it correctly.

Whatever faults there might be in the schoo
Fnglish the stperintendents decided to Se thy
result of local dialect. When a teacher says
‘that ain't” of “it don't.” splits her infinitives

Tribune
{ the Chicago

uses adjectives where adverbs should be uses
ends a sentence with a preposition, asia where
something “is at,” places modifying clauses out
of order, forgets the conjugation of her verb:

or does any of the other things of which trustees
complain, it is simply a lapse into local dialect
aceording to the superintendents,

Such usages are permitted in “Chicagoese.”
and lapses tnto dialect do not constitute offences
which would make Lindley Murray weep,aceording
t) the superintendents, It was decided that the
charges of the trustees had been overdrawn and
were not based upon 4 sufficient investigation

Spelling is not taught in the primary grades
from text books,” sald Superintendent Sabin,

“but it is in the elementary grades. When the
teachers use bad English they simply lapse into
Chivago dialect, in which they were ught Gr

They are nearly all Chicago bom.