THE LOTTERY OF PATENTS

INVENTIONS LIKE GOLD MINES IN
, WORE! WAYS THAN ONE,

saccess Dae to M rit, to Basiness Ability or
to Pore Chance ~ Fortunes Made ‘on
patents Thet Didn't Extet-Small Rewa
at Some [nveators—Elemeats of Saccess,

rmon to speak of a patent as a gold
d the simile is much nearer the truth

     

 

 

 

ons
than ma persons suspect. The trouble with
mt people is that they have no definite idea of
the average value of a gold mine. There are
” coldonines whieh pan out #0 well at the
first that every one rushes to invest in them,
but » prove to be good for nothing after
the surface is raped off. These are very like
some patents tht could be named. ‘Then there
are geld mines which in the opinion of experts
ahould be paying Investments, but in which it
peor imporsible to strike the right vein, It
bas heen cal vlated that if the output of all
th: {mines in the world during the past
fifty vears were pur together and divided
gyorg those who have worked in these gold
fleid e profits would not yield’ more than
wae for each man, whereas the average
tneome of men of all classes in other oceupatione

{fe Sisaweek, That isto say, amanis practically
leaving odds of 14 to & against himself when
be rushes off to the gold fields on the chance
ef bettering his condition

Ir hs ico heen calculated that tf all the
mie realized by inventors were set against
the umount spent {n protecting and develop-
Ing all classes of patents, good and bad, it
would be found that the inventors were about
$30 000,000 out of | wket in the past fifty years.
Many great fortunes have undoubtedly been
made on patents, but omparatively few of them
b original inventors. Enormous aums
have been realized from monopolies and royal-
ties. but they are not equal to the fortunes that
have heen spent in patenting and experimenting
with worthless inventions, Tt ts said by those
familiar with sueh things that quite as much
money is spent before the patent is applied for
gs is spent afterward, and that ont of every ten
{nventions which bave enlisted capital for their
development only one or two ever get far enough
to be considercd worth patenting. A well
known firm of patent attorneys in Washington
noo divide an income of $50,000 a year after
000) for expenses said once that they
pelieve that during the twenty years

the

 

did not

t id been in business all their customers
pul together had m ide as much profit out of the
pat themselves as the firm had
made it oof othe fees for applying for
the One of the firm in running
over the indexes of some old ledgers, said he
was frequently str by the small number of

imything. Of 240
period of six months

ye to

patents that ever ear

applied for during
potausimele or ever ‘ . he market,
v during another period | ax months three
ve valuable patents were secured, two of
el) ure now world famous
Patents and gold mines resemble each other
very much in one respeet, there are no infallible
ia by which one may recognize the bonan-
vis Nomatter what the prospectors and assay-

the mine must be worked before
iis value can be known, No matter what your
theories may be, nothing but the world’s mar-
ketecan determine the valueofapatent. Some
«f the most promising inventions have failed
from some very simple but unforeseen cause,
\. an example, take the case of the man who
fnvented a telephone system by which it was
possible to hold communication with ships
al sea without any direct connection with the
shore itself. A vessel might be passing Fire
Island ten miles out at sea and a man on shore
could talk to the captain through an ordinary
telephone transmitter just as if he had been
eonnected by the central office in the ordinary
way on shore. Why was not this invention
worth millions? Simply because there was
no way by which the man on the shore could
ring up the man on the ship. [f he happened
to be listenting, with the receiver at this ear,
he could hear and talk to the man on the shore,
but he could not ring a bell
Strange it may seem, some very large
fortunes have been made out of patents which
never existed. The squeezer_mark on play-
fo cards is a ease in bow. This mark is the
little index of the size and suit whieh is placed
the upper wr of each card There
never was any valid) patent on that device
although two manufacturing concerns con
trolled the market with it for twenty years
One of them was using it to such good pur-
nse that be was driving his competitors out
business, and one of his rivals determined

sts nay Say

 

on eort

  

to spend a little money to see if it was worth
while to fla@ht it. What he discovered led hin
to go to tke fortunate owner of the ¢ yuted

 

patent and show his hand, Instead of going
to law about it, he proposed to keep the mat-
ter qniet and to draw up an agreement, which
siould be published far and wide, in) which
he contracted to pay a royalty from then on,
| being understood that there was to be no
rovalty but that the agreement was to be used
asa bie bluff to keep the rest of the trade from
vaking any inquiries on their own aceount
Whea the patent should have expired the ri-

‘s lomked it up and tound to their surprise
that there was no patent to expire and that an
invention at one time rated as worth at least
$..000).000 had alwavs been publie property

lt is very difficult to say what are the ele-
ments which go to make a patent successful,
reat deal of luck in it in the first

There is a

pice and there is a great deal more in the way
fie patent is handled in the second place. The
litle rubber stopper with the wire lever attached
t t whieh is now used on every beer-bofttle
fa good example of fine business management
{n the handling of an apparently trifling inven-
¢ 1 endless diffeuities and disappoint-
! ' f the Holland torpedo boat people are

 

ple ot hard uel
iuuble inventions, through bad
liefly, have been sold for a mere
one knows the hooked evelet
The
nvented jt found that none of the
‘panies would take the thing up unless
ypoly of it, and that they regarded
i freak idea, whieh it would take
achinery to make, even for a test,
jot go said they would have on
this machinery. but a lot of un-
and shoe-. The inventor finally
ar to get what he could forit, and
his trouble. It is said that $600
wy the inventor, while the
ve run into the
ands every year

tions drag along for years without
paving stage, and then suddenly
>to their owners when the patent
nut The typewriter is an ex-
thing The ines who believed in
it ‘ reasons for giving up all hope of
siece Phe inan who had the gen-
rr the whole South in 1877 sold only
i vear. three of them in one
Mla. It was not until the
ivle part of the patents had expired
ut he made any money on the type-
Bell offered to sell a half interest in
hone to his next-door neighor for
‘he neighbor laughed at the absurdity
roha price for an interest in a freak
of Bell's telephone, it is not gener-
i that he came very near losing all
patent rights and would have done
r 4 most remarkable piece of luck,
» telephone’s invention Lord
ts in This country and he took back
® seotland one of the crude instr
viuch Hell 1 made, in ing to ex-
' to Ais college classes as an American
At that time tho transmitter had
ving on the upper side, and while the
vis knoeking about among the scien-
q Pinits journey across the ocean this
7 elow got bent upward, When Lord
K wto give the promised exhibition
. vildr twork, because the spring was
hot is almost timpossible
a neverthelesa a fact, that it
giant intelleet of this
ss that spring down again
size to his audience for
tuch advertised experiment.
to applieation for a
England, and when the great
validity of the Bell patenta came
Woe sourht to prove this pre
ind th fecture wae a casein
m proved that there
cathe © this lecture. because
‘ " lad | ord Kelwin
' ’ pring na ow

‘ ® Telephone wo

» 8 Hupans

tile de ryheon

     

hve
ow Universal on boots and shoes

‘dame
i
n
|

 

'y

   

   

 

“ e

Writer
his t
$008
OF pa

"y
ind

Speaking

    

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

tl t he
Ors is ithe enosciene
qd the m that they put
’ ‘ sinply dreams and they spend
lh Pursuit of phantoms which

ined machinist could tell them were

*-rpetual motion, air ships and things
l seem to have a special attraction
wd minds In air compressing
diess time and money has been

»n who did not know enough about

') be aware that it heata air to

ind that when It expands again it

 

an)

 

yp tcersstul inventors are men who have
fon Oreuent up in connection with the busi-
‘o which their invention is to be applied,

 

 

or have least made themselves fami
iar with the laws governing the processes which
they seek to improve, There are cases i
which inventors have discovered new laws
or new applications of old ones, especially in
chemical greconnes. The Bessemer converter
is @ farnillar example. The cyanide process
of washing gold and the manutacture of acety-
lene gas are others, Some taventors have had
cournge enough to dispute the established
facta of acience, as in the case of some recent
experiments in fog signalling, in which the
inventor used a@ principle which was denied
by such eminent authorities as Tyndall and
Prof. Henry. The funny part of it was that
the inventor was right. The most learned
men sometiines make very curious mistakes,
Twenty-flve years ago, when the curved ball
was introduced into baseball, it was pronounced
Oy soientists as an Optical illusion. The writer
was presant when three posts were driven
into the diamond on the ball grounds at Cin-
einnati and a ball pitehed round the middle
post to convince people of the truth of what is
bow regarded a8 # Very common phenomenon

Inventors sometimes make absurd mistakes,
but it la not often that one takes a refusal,
properly stamped by the Patent Offiee, for a
patent) A man walked into the office of a
pelent lawyer fn Washington and set upon
he floor a rough model of a churn for which
he wanted @ patent) = lpon being asked what
he had invented about it that was new, he said,
“He didn't know that there was anything new
about it, but as he was going to sell patent
rights he had to have a patent and was willing
to pay for it.” [It was tseless for the lawyer
to explain that patents were granted on)y
for new inventions. The countryman insisted
and finally laid down $100 as a retainer, and
left hia name and address, saying he had been
told he could get a patent tf he went to a good
man The lawyer took the money and tried
hard to make out a claim tor something, but
it was useless and the grant was refuse He
sent his client the oficial notice from the Patent
Office, without comment, and thought no more
about it.

About a year afterward in walked the same
man, his face all emiles. “You done it,
knew you could,” he said. “If was told you
was the best in the business and it was cheap
at a hundred“ The lawyer was completely
taken aback and asked what he meant) = “Why
that ‘ere patent,” said the countryman, “the
minute T got my eyes on that patent and the
sealon it allO KT ont a stencil with the date
on it and marked the models ‘patent’ and since
then T've sold rights in eighteen counties for
$49,000 *

[tis well known that there is very little money
in surface washing or placer mining for gold
and that all the big profits are made out ot
long and patient develonme: t of deep miny
The same ia true of patents Ther is vers
little profit in invention which can be realized
upon almost immediately They are mere
surface washings, All the bie things have
taken time and patience to bring to perfer-
tion, and anv inventor who finds himself mak-
ing quick profits may be sure they will be
short-lived, although he mav have a good
thing while it lasts, like the pigs-in-clover
puzzle. Confidence, tenacity of purpose and
eapital are the requisites for building up bi

  
  

fortunes on the foundation of a patent: the
thing itself must have intrinsic merit to be-
gin with or it must fail before long

Phere are a great many worthless inven-
tions out of which monev has been made, hut
it will usually be found that it was not the
fnvention, but the shrewd business ability
and advertising back of it whieh made the
money A group of business mer were dis
enssing this subleet in a cigar store in Was!
ington one dav and one of them insisted that
no invention, without absolute merit of some
kind, would ever pay Another. noted far
his skill in advertising. contended that the
most absurd thing, if properly pushed, would
be a money maker and he offered to bet t)

if he had $10,000 capital he could take an abs
lutely worthless invention and make a fort
out of it if it was a thing that could be ad
tised in a eatchy way The busine ma
axreed to find the ecanital if the other cx
produce the invention that would tit the prope-

nition. In a few davs he got on! amodel and
applied for a patent. It was simply a il
evlinder with a string tied to it and he pro

osed to pretend thatif the cylinder were soaked

 

na basin of water and the string
A person's wrist or ankle that some nm
ous electrical currents would impart new
and energy and cure all mannerof diseases

The absurdity of the whole thing especially

  

the pretence that a string, and net a wire
would convey electrical currents, conpelle
the man of capital to withdraw his offer, even

at the expense of lowing his bet, but the ad-
vertiser insisted that it was part of the bargain
that the invention was to be ut ti

questic wy
iw

 

worthless and after talking it over | two
or three davs he finally prevailed on the eas
talist to go into it The $10,000 was ironed
ately drawn upon for advertising and. testi-

monials were obtained in the usual way trom
people whose credulity was even greater than
heir prominence and long before the cani-

tal was used up the profits began te pour in

These two worthies made so much money
out of their qiaed invention that they quar-
relled about it and separated, although both

made enough to be independent for life
he elements of a suceessful inventior

very simple Utility, simplicity and commer-
cial practicability being the things to be con
sidered, A great many ingenious things fall
because they are attempts to crente a want i
stead of filling one that exists. The simplest
inventions are the best money makers, becau
complicated machines cost time and money to
perfect them Anv one who can invent a pre
ess which will save half a cent a ton on the; pe.
ent svstem of loadin: coal into ocean stearver
ean sell his invention for $)000,000 to-morre
It sounds easy, but suppose von try it

The great trouble with simple inventic
that they are so obvious when ong miblished
that the inventor will probably find a great many
persons to dispute his title to originality \s
an exaniple, take the rubber tip on al
cil, Faber spent thousands of dollars trying to
establish the validity of a title to that patent
but in vain Greene, the reformed gambler
was the first to make these tips. and he
depended on the proceeds of their manufacture
for a living for some tine after he quit gam-
bling, Andrew Dougherty, the card manufact-
urer, providing him with the necessary
to cut the rubber, and helped hini along all he
could. Greene was never able to substantiate
his right as the original inventor of the devier,
and he is now an object of charity in the Sol-
diers’ Home in Dayton

A great many inventions have stopped =!
with the original conception, the inventor ha
ing no power in handling detail so as to carry

 

\

 
 
 

  
 
 

 

   

  

rt

out the original idea in a practical way, The
Bessemer process of converting steal is ex-
tremely simple, blowing hot air through the
molten metal. Just sit down and get out the
drawings for a machine which will carry out

this idea. especially the arrangements for con-
trolling the supply of air that is admitted to the
converter. and see how soon vou will flud that
the first idea is a small part of the invention as
awhole. Theuse of compressed air as amotive
power was understood and appreciated thirty
vears ago. but no one could invent a governor
which would control it, although hundreds of
patents were taken out which profes-ed to do
so. The power of the steam from a kettle was
evident to Watts long before he could devive a
means of utilizing it. The combination of the
piston and the sifde valve whieh looks <o simple
to us now, was not worked out in a day

It is a eonimon practice to speak contenptu-
ously of inventors on account of their exag-
gerated notions of the value of their ideas
When the invention i# obviously a detusion this
is quite natural, but if must not be forgotten
that without his infatuation for the creatures
of their brains inventors would be much more
easily discouraged than they are, and many of
@ie most valuable inventions might be lost
The tenacity with which some of them cling to
their ideals until they finally force their adop-
tion upon the world almost amounts toinspira-
tion, It seems born in some men to fight hard-
er for the children of their brains than for their
families, and it snems_a pity that thelr reward
is not often greater than it is

 

 
 
 

King Oscar and the Veiled Princess.
From the Chicago Record

Gen. Cherif Pasha Turkey's diplomatte
representative at the court of his Majesty Kine
Osear of Sweden and Norway. The General is
one of the few Turks allowed to take his wile
with bim when serving at a forelgn court) She
is a princess, being the daughter of a former
ruler of Egypt. Princess Ermine—such is her
name— must, however, observe all the rules of the
Koran and the Prophet while away from the land

of mosques. No gentleman bas ever had the
jleasure of meeting her, and at all dinners given
by the General to his colleagues Le is compelled
to “borrow” the wife of some other ambassador
to “do the honors.”

King Oscar, itis said, has always been curious
to gaze upon the face of the renowned Princess,
for she is said to be beautiful, witty and talented
At a bazaar recently held for the benefit of the
English chureh the Sennen was given a private
view of the rooms, The hour at which she was
to pay her visit became known to the jolly King,
who hastily made his way to the building. They
met. The Princess, seeing King Oscar, hastily
concealed her face behind her veil The King
expreased a hope that his chance rencontre might
not he considered a breach of the rulesofetiquette
No reply came from the Princess, as sneis supposed
not to speak any man, but it is said that the
King was accorded a glimpse of the fairlady s
countenance and a smile that fully repaid hts
trouble in seeking an interview

is

In the Hands of Friends.
From the Chicago Evening Post

The farmer had )uat arrived In town

“What,” he asked of his new-found friend,
“ia a buneo ateerer, anyway? I have seena
great den! about them in the papers,”

“Of course,” replied his friend, ‘you know
what a bunk Is?”

“Certainly.” replied the farmer,

“Wall, a bunco steerer is merely aman who
steers another man to his bunk when he ia un-
able to find {t himself. He ia a guide, a phil-
osopher, and a friend. And now, that quegyion
disposed of, | would like to show you whore

ou are sure of getting not leas than $50 for $1

{you follow my advice.

 

“If You See It in ‘The Sun,’ It’s So."’

his {e usually astrue of an advertisement as
ofe news or editorial statement.—A

 

|
|

|

id pene |

THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 22, 1900.

 

DALY BUOK SALE RESULTS.

YORK SHOWN TO BE A bB&T-
MARKET THAN LONDON.

 

\EW
TER

Superiority Also of the American System of
Catalogaing Over the English The British
“Knock-Out” Lacking In Sales Here
Higher Prices in New York Than ia London,
As it should always be no less a pleasure

to be a means of enlightenment to others than

to be enlightened, the managers of the recent
sale of Augustin Daly's library, from the prepa-
ration of the catalogue to the conclusion of
the auction, have every right to the satisfac-
tion and gentle unction they have Iaid to
their souls in the face of petulant carpings

British booksellers and the periodicals

which opened their colunns to the fatter,

‘Those dear and superior men were 80 sorry

that the books were to be sacrificed at the

prices which would be paid in this country
that thelr saurian tears added salt to the sea
as their letters came over to tell about it. The
fact that having had time to cogitate and soberly
to reflect, they are now writing that they
feel that the executors did well, is gratifying
and @ hopeful indication, and may presage
an awakening after further study to the ex-

of

‘cellences of a catalogue system which they

|

|

|
|

 

tools |

 

 

|
|
|
|

|

|
I

have not ceased to denounce. The remark
in London |iterary periodicals on the sub-
jeot were interesting,and,in the light of events,
have become amusing.

The Athenuem gave up more than a page
to a discussion of the Daly catalogue, which
with all its deplored defects was manifestly
sufficient for the Athenacum contributor to
draw npon thus heavily. Still he wails:

“Beyond excellence of paper and typography,
it is diffleutt to say much in favor of the sale
catalogue of the late Mr. Augustin Daly's li-
brary which is being sold at the American
Art Galleries in New York. The whole trans-
action appears to have been earried out with
precipitation and with a fine disregard ofthe

interests of the Daly estate. The original
intention was, we helieve, to have the sale
held in London, and those who know anv-
thing at all about such mtters donot need

fo be told that London is an infinitely better
market for such # library than New York.’
There was a time. no doubt, when London
a@ the greatest book market of the world was
th@ hest place to buy books or to holda sala,
just as London or Paris offered the best market

 

 

 

 

 

for great paintings, a position which New-
York has taken from them, and the English
were net prepared to awnke to find New Yor!
the best book market also. The fact, how-
ever, was borne home to them when on hun-
dreds of bids sent over here from Lond
one book manuseript of the thousands in
the catalogue went back tothem. J.) Wright
received bids trom abroad on 270 lots of the
catalogue, Mauy of the books wanted by
these bidders brought from 20 to 25 per cent
more than the Englishmen offered for them
Vheir bids were rarely within 10 per cent, of
the prices at which the book old. Thomas
FE. Kirby re ved cable bids whieh were ab-

lutely useles 1. Bouton received a
cable bid tor a book on which he was not even
the neat hi bidder So much ter those
who “do not need to he teld that London is
4) infinitely better market for such a hbrary
han New York

Phe then aun article continues “The
books and jutographs, for one thing, would

have been adequately catalogued: the catalogue
for the loan ef a copy of which the present
writer is iudebted to Mr. Frank Sabin). as it
now stands would be a eredit to a third-rate
prosineclal auctioneer

 

 

 

This statement at least no one here has a
disposition to challenae The \theaaum
might even have indulged in the luxury of a
sinwle adjective and said that it wowd be a
great’ eredit) to him. Such an avetloneer
might even have been discovered after a thmne
t London

The compiler appears,” saves the eritic

to regard every book as worthy to form a
A separate ‘lot’ e.g. we have a Catholie dic-
tionary, Mary Anderson's ‘A Few Memories,’
Jot. Friswell's ‘Pamiliar Words’ and seores of

others as independent lots when an experienced
cateloguer would have bundled them together

 

 

  

 

  

 

to parce f ten ora dozen volumes each
Their independent entries now occupy tar more
pace than they are worth, to the exceeding
detriment of lots of first rate interest. The
hoo sor f the qutographs and the printe
and drawings are all huddled together in one
alnbabet a ibsolutel oolish arrangement
Which has notone single advantage in its faver
Son ’ American who wanted to buy some
partionla k d preferred to bid on it him-
self, miacht show \fhen@um a reason for a
yetery urder which he could turn readily to
findout when the book wasto besold, orsomight
A person wl desired to find ont what books
f Pauthor were contained in the cata-
ow tt get to the eore of this conmi-
plait ot the Frnglish eritie it is neressury to re-

eall the systen: obtaining at English book
wietions. 4. 0. Wright, who was formerly
of Londo where he was a bookseller also
finds it easy to understand why the London
booksellers brought up under that sevstem
obieot to one more characteristic of the spiriv

of this country

  

“In London” Mr. Wright said in speaking
of the matter, “the auction is for the bookseller
it is ran in his interast, or he, celleetively
arranges matters so that itis min in his interest, |
Catalogues are made accordingly With one
good book, lenora dozen poor or indifferent ones
ire tied together in a bundle, and the ‘lot’ is
eatalogned as. say, ‘Burton's “Anatemy” and
* Thisgives the bookseller his chance

 

he knows what the
noi. He knows what
Sif they have any. The system
among Englishmen differs from that
ibook purchasers There a wealthy

others’ are
does

of burvinas
of America
man who wants a book that is to be sold at some

auction goes to his bookseller and tells him
to buy itter tin. ‘Yes’ says the bookseller
‘that is in dot so-and-so with ten others and IM
have to bry the whole lot, consequently
pay for the ot The others are mere

trash and will be of no use to me So he makes
thermanpay forthe lot and he himself not only
wets the restot the books tor his stoek- whatever
they may be worth for nothing, bit he is fine
anced from the start on the transaction. It is
no wonder, you that the English book-
sellers pre e Cexperieneced oataloguer who
ld have bundled the hooks together into
parcels of ten ora dozen volumes euch,’ Ovet
there they sometines let even duplicates re-

 

     
     

   

 

 

main anenv “lv in these parcel lots
American book biuvers want to see the books
they are b g And they don't want to
buy a lot of books whieh they do not want in
order to getoone volyme which they wish
Vhe Daly library was catalogued to be sold
in America All the English booksellers had
to do if they wanted any books from it was

to bid a# fair price tor them, each on ita merits,
the catalogne furnishing separate descrip-
tions, Perhaps they were troubled becanse
the ‘knock-out! could not be brought into op-

eration here, We don't have that here. Over
there several booksellers get together. There
are some lot# to be disposed of at an auction
certain books in which each wants. They

agree upon one of their number to do the bid
ding for these and competition being reduced
he gets some of them at satisfactory figures
Then comes the division. The men who want
books get books and the man who went in for
money, coming up trom Manchester er Liver-
pool or having ‘American orders,’ gete money,
That is, the man with provincial or 'Ameri-
ean’ orders huving agreed not to bid agalnat
the men who really wanted certain books,
they have thus been able to get those books
cheaper than they otherwise would have got
them--that is the theory—and as he does not
care for any of the books that were thrown
in with them he wets a cash rake-off, and goes
home haying dove a good stroke of business
perneps he came from one of the other cities
yaving had a little jannt to London which he
wanted with expeuses

 

 

in his pocket. Vhat ia the ‘knockeout.’ It
would have given the London dealers on this
rale £10,000."

Mr. Wright has made more than 400 cata-
lognes. and be made up the Daly catalogue
to the satisfaction of Mr. Daly's executors,
The cithenaum eritie says: “Under ‘Pro and
Con’ we diseover a series of fifty-one volumes

 

all named
The proper
‘Drama.’’
Mr, Taly wanted a collection of works for
and against the theatre In one set and he ar-
ranged that set, entitling it "Pro and Con,”
himself; the eataloguer didn't do it. The
were tindgormly bound and tt would not
led who wanted to get parts

wor
lace

ke tor and asrainat the
for th

stage

' is collection is under

 

 

i
have eat!

those

of Mr. Daly's library as they knew it to have
separated these volumes or broken up the sat
he made The erit is happy in one of hie

 

  

 
  

ints of attack speaking of William UT p-
entts collection of autegraphs and literary
documents, he save, “The Amerfean cata-
loguer concludes his entry with thts informa-
tion: ‘After Upeott’s death in 1962, the collec.
tion appears toy have come into the porsea-
elon f dJdoln Nichols, the  antigquary'
Thia statement shows a fine contenipt for ar-
curaey John Nichols died in 1826 and U peott fn
1845'"' This “information” the American cata-
loguer was unwise enough to copy from the

description in an English catalogue, the origi-
nalof whichis here, without the precaution of
verifying

Referring to Solomon. Smith's autograph
letters, fourteen of which Mr. Daly had, “I
juft own,” save the Athenaum writer, “to
amentable {gnorance of Solomon Smith and
his works.” “Come over,” said an old time
reader, “come over into America and be helped.”
One of the humorous aspecta 4 he {ttle
international incident is farpishe n some
“before and after” letters whic the egecu-

paid and a bit of cash |

 

tors received from the other side of the wa-
ter, Mr. Sabin, who may be remembered
44 once having been fn business in this city,
wrote before the sale that it was imperative
that the sale be held in England as only there
were the valuable things in Mr. Daly's library
known and appreciated, Although these
treasures were so well known over there, Mr.
Sabin wrote later complaining that the catu-
logue had not reached him in tine #o that
he could get his bids here. Many bids, how-
over, did get here, Aa@ a matter of fact the
catalogue was burried by Judge Daly with
the expreas aim of wetting it over to London
in time for the English buyers, It was sent
over in sections a8 fust aa the sheets were com-
pleted and some English bids dated in Febru«
we were received here
Jefore the sule wae arranged for Mr. Wheeler
of Pearson & Co, well-known London book-
sellers, came over. to this country and it
wae supposed in the book trade that he had
come with a view to securing the Daly library
for disposition abroad, although Mr. Wheeler
said that be had not come on business. He
did, however, talk with the Duly executors
fad expressed the aame opinion as that held
by Mr Sabin as to the necessity of holding
the sale in London if justice was to be done
to the library. Like Mr Sabin and other Lon-
don dealers Mr. Wheeler proffered his good
offiees in any way In whieh he could be of ser-
vice to the exeentors if they concluded to send
the collection over there for sale The exeon-
tors knew the American auction market and
how sales here were conducted and how peo-
je here bought They considered, too, that
arge creditors of Mr. Daly would naturally
and properly object to the shipment of hie
valuable library to Burope with the risks and
expenses incident to the trunsportation. As
they are experienced in affairs it is not pre-
Sumption to say that they also considered
that as the London merchants made no pre-
tensions of being in business for health alone,
advice coming from them was to be thought
upon and pondered. The British solicitude
was touching. There was such danger of
sacrifice, Why even in London, Mr Wheeler
ointed out, at the Wilflam Wright sale early
ast vear, Mr Wright had to go in and pro-
tect himaelf, the offerings of the bidders were
#0 low. Judge Daly, remembering some of
the lawyers who had proved too much before
him, doubtless, mildly asked why if London
were so excellent a place for the auction of
valuable libraries, Mr Wright was under the
necessity of protecting himself at the sale
Mr. Wheeler's reply is not recorfed, but Mr
Wheeler when his Amefican visit: was corm-
pleted went home. No English hookeeller
came over to the sale Mr. Wright's library,
by the way, the Athenceum save is the only
one comparable with Mr. Daly's in respect
of the dra sold in recent vears
With the bids sent here from London as a
criterion. the Daly exeeutors feel that they have
nsufficiently definite idea now of what the Lon-
don dealers would have offered for the books
had they been putup at auction there, and they
are convinced of the wisdom of their selection of
New York as the place of sale, as well as satisiied
with the resuita The ¢ nlea here of what
the proceeds of the sale would be ran from
$150,000 te 8200,0000° The encpum said that in
Tondon Mr. Daly wae believed to have spent
from $148,000 to &,98,.000 bis Ubrery. The
books brought at the Amertcan Art Galleries
Seems es With the autograph letters and
other documents, prints, plarbills, photoe-
phe plays &e. whieh made up Part HL (3)
ery! eatalogne, the total proceeds of
f the Daly <ale were $178,-

  

  
  

on

    

 

   

  

 

the grand total of (he auction of

$.47.20090 Mr

1 i his estimate,

hasing it ( of the London

market ar ‘ode sent over here from there,

the books w hav aught within 60

Der ce > » of anetion in London, une
or d orders unlimited

t ‘ on particular books

we i" Ss in the daily reports

of | eof interest to mention

rote whieh cost Mr. Daly

Vitthe ny 822 sight at the auction

more p | perhans pot surprieing

that fi viv toe the erecutors

on bebe we Laden firm in the book

trade thea vile that the London

sellers foe ‘he @ trors did pretty well

even if t the re fon that they *com-

plain bitterly of ihe catalowue

REBUILDING LINCOLN’S TOMB,

Its Reconstruction Made Necessary
proper Foundations,

 

by Im-

monument of
Abraham Lineoln in Oak Ridge
gfleld, Tl now going
The monument was begun in 1869 and completed
in the direetion the National
Lincoln Monument Association, of which Rich-
ard J. Oglesby of Hlinois was President, After
it was built it was discovered that the founda-

The work of rebuilding the
President
Cemetery. Spri

is

IS7i, under

propriated $106 oOo for that purpose
While the design of the old monument may

not conforn,) to the present standard of artistic
'

 

thste, those who have the rebuilding in charge
concluded to ake no Change except to add eix-
tee feet to the height of the original shaft,
which was always thonght not) guile high
enough

Alinost the first work in the dismantling proo
ess was the removal of the bronze figure of
Lincoln and the groups of statuary representing
the various branches of the army and the navy
as they existed in Civil War days. Each group
Weighs from 9,000 to 12.000 pounds, but after
the machinery was adjusted (hey were swung
easily from their positions, lowered to a low
truck car and pushed away to a remote spot tn
the grounds Stone by the memorial
structure was taken down until the catacomb
was reached, and the cuskets containing tho
bodies of President Lineoln, his wife and ther
children, were lifted Trom the vault and laid
in’ the temporary tomb nearby. which wih
shelter them while the rebuilding goes on

There were very few to Wilness this cere
mony. The Lincoln Monument Association
of recent years was represented by two mem-
bers. Three members of the Lincoln Guard of
Honor, two of the present Board of Control
the State Treasurer and® Superintendent of
Public Intruetion of Llinois, the Adjutant-
General of the state. the Department Com-
mander of the Grand Ariny of the Republic. the
custodian of the Lincoln monument and a few
chance spectators comprised the grou ‘The
leaden casket containing the body of Mr. Lin
coln, was inelosed in a cedar box already much
decayed. From this outer box the rusted
nails had dropped, loosening u silver plate,
upon which was enaraved: “Abraham Lincoln
lath President United States. Born Pehruary
(2th, 18a.) Died April tath 1868 The eusket
holding the body of Lincoln was placed
beside that of the President. Theother mem-
bers of the family buried here were Mr. Lir
coln's sons, Thomas. Eddie and Willie, and the
grandson of the President. young Abraham Lin-
coln, who died uy England, while his father was
Minister to Great Britain

 

stone

 

 

 
 

SCHOONER.

 

A TRIM TRADING

The Intrepid Bnilt for Service on the Const of
Central America.

There was lying at a Sovth atreeé wharf last
week finishing her loading 4 vessel Uiat attracted
atiention even on that waterfront, where at one
time and another practically every sore of sailing
eraftthatfoats, big and little, may beseen This
vessel was the centreboard, auxffary schooner
Intrepid, new, thirty tons measurement, and sixty
six feet long over all, and drawing, with her board
up, five feet of water. She has a spoon bow, and
| is altowether a very trim looking litle schooner
She is bound, on her first voyage, for Colon, with
a general cargo; and while she measures only
{ thirty tons, she will carry sixty or seventy tons
The Intrepid's company numbers five men Her
captain and owner is Frauk G Palmer of New
York. She carries also an engineer and a mate,
aud two men before the mast. thene last being San
Blas Indians

Making Colon her home port in those waters

Central American conet of the Caribbean Sea aga
trading vessel, for which service she bas been
especially built. Her light draft will enable ber
t) gointy very shallow waters, and with ber aux

 

adverse tides and currents, and be able to move
freely through the Huky weather prevailing in these
parts at some seasons, by her auxiliary power
alone she can be driven sit or seven knota an hour

She will carry everything that anybedy living
at the points touched at could re
quire, selling these things, it mas he
a cash but more commonly exchange
ing them for the produce of the country, which

is brought back to Colon and there transsbipped

Capt Palmer bas been tradiig ou that coast
for five years Thi new vessel, which has
bad built expressly for the route, was constructed
at the shipyards of .iames F. Baples's Son
Port JeZerson, L. | She tabuiltof the best ma
terials throughout. She has bad no trial except
on her tdp from ort Jefferson to this city, but
she bids fair to be speedy, as vell as stanch lier
cabin is not large, but it bs Peo big enough for
the use that will be required of it, and it has one
very agrerable feature, namely, ample head room
Off the cabin there is one stateroom, for the
captain. She ia plainty fitted below, and vet with
every practical requirement for convenience and
comfort

he

Easy Escape.
From the Chicago Times-Heraid

“How did you flvallr get rid of that man who
wanted you to heeome & millionaire by letting
bim pat you in gp the ground floor of a mining
scheme?” -*

“Oh, I gaye him 25 cente to buy his lunch,”

ee

tions were bad laid. This resulted in great
gaps in the masonry, crumbling walls and dis-
tortion of aftehes that threatened to destroy
the monument It was therefore decided to |
rebuild, and the [Mnois Legislature has ap

the Intrepid will ply back and forth along the |

iMary gasclene engine, she can readily overcome |

HE FORGAVE NEW YORK.

WHY—EX*TANK NO. 29 TELLS
STORY OF SEL#-BANISHMENT.

 

Hts

The Police Authorities Treated Him With Cold
Indifference When He Needed Sympathy
and Had Gone to a Station House to
Obtain a Little- His Return to Town,

“One time | passed New York up because the
constituted authorities hereof, that | helped to
elect with my vote, treated me real rude and mean,”
remarked Ex-'Tank No, 22 of the Harlem Club
of Former Alcoholic Degenerates, ticking the
ash of an expensive cigar off the lapel of hin blue
and red«lotted fancy waistcoat “Said | to New
York that ime, ‘You wont do, you're scratched,’
and I went right away, just as mad as I could
be, so | waa Hut, say, it was flerce, the way
I got jerked around for a farmer that thine, Right
| in the town that I was born in, Right in
the miidJe of the Tender

“Well, anyhow, one Saturday night in the fall
of '90 | was walking up Sixth avenue, with 844
fi my outdoor pajamas, and just the pristine,
beauteous beginning of one of those things ld
only had twenty-six, to the best of my: remem
brance, 60 that at every step I coulf just throw
back my head and hear the music and | was
going to my room, at that, with an armfui of
now haberdashery that I'd got downtown = After
four months on the Croton, I'd just taken those
twenty-six on knocking off work that evening
for the purpose of temporartly effacing the gray.
sombre hues of the game as it was running; of
blotting out, for the time being, a too powerful
appreciation of the ineffable sorrow of this life
as she ts lived by 5

“Wait a minute,” exclaimed Ex-Tank No. 7,
the parliamentarian and kicker, “Am I to under
stand that these meetings are going to be allowed
to degenerate into exploitations of Longfellowish
wooziness on the part of every hot air pumper
that

“The sergeant atarms will place No in the
chilled ante-chamber for twelve minutes for lodge
ing 4 frivolous protest,” said the Chief Ex-Tank,
rising and frowning severely. “Twenty-two will
proceed.”

After the pariiamenterian and kicker had been
dragged from the room into the cold storage com
partment, Ex-Tank No. 22 proceeded

“Well, I decided to make it twenty seven, and
no more, and up around Thirty second street I
went in and got the twenty-seventh and pulled
out my $48 to liquidate for the same, having no
scrap metal in my change pocket [t was about
9 o'clock at night, ond there weren't so many
bulb lights up around that way as there are now,
and I hadn't any more ‘n got out of the door I
was koeping on my course, as if T was stepping rail
fences» when | was necked What d've think
of that-—-me necked, that had up
everything in this town from the days when Harry
Hill was--well, | cot mine and then
as if I'd only stepped otf the ferry, the first time
in straight.from Painted Post, or Peoria, or Peru
Tud And I gotit right There were two of ‘em,
and while one of them held my lid back so that 1
could have seen*the nails in the heels of my shoes
if ft had been light enough, the
clasped his fingers around that roll as if he knew
| more about where it was than T did whigh he no

| :
| doubt did.

~
‘

heen against

there just

other one Just

“This is too much of the batter for you to have
on you all at one and the same time, Tommy,’
the chap who copped my wad had the gall tu say
to me while the other fellow was still necking me
‘You got a list to starboard now from packing it
around, And look how we need the money, too!’

‘Then my lead was suddenly released this all
happened in & dark doorway into which | was
yanked and I gota hard jolt on the left ear and
then another one the right and how long I
leaned up against that doorway, making a map of
the Milky Wag from those two hard pushes, |
don't the pair of
cheerful opportunity graspers mingle with the
madding crowd, anyhow j
picked up the bundle of haberdashery that | had
dropped, and I was getting real mad every minute
1 didn't like insolvency brought about that way,
which was worse than being leftatthe post. Sol

wert into the boove bazaar where | had encircled
| that ty ty seventh and last and threw a werin
personally conducted symposium of conversation
atthe low forehead belund the bar
| Sav.’ Lasked him, ‘are vou in on these grafts
aud if you are, dol get a discount for
Then T tossed him the store of how | had got
mine just outside his place by a couple «
shoe artists th@t [ maintained, were kept
by the man bebind the bar forthe purpose of an
nexing good things thatcawe thatway. The rough
neck behind the bar gave nie the polaric gaze
Pass out de side gate, Archie see how de
| evenin’s holdin’ up,” said he

 

vit

ow. Tt was long enough for

to

stooped down,

cash

 

 

gum

 

 

 

 

n
placing his count
} nanee within two and a quarter inches of mine

 

 

Went away Wile it’s easy fr vouse, too Youse
ain't bin rolled none aroun’ dis honkator lake
de exit. or Tl come aroun’ an’ dent up yer shins

But the twents seven that Lad stowed beneath
my Waistband rendered it difficult for me to ser it
that way, and | told him some more things, The
next knew [ was making some more astronomical
observations from a coin of vantage in thee bbled
diteh outside, and T rose up and concluded to go
away from there. Butt was still real passionate
under the neck baud about the way the game lad
been dished upto me, aud I started forthe Thirtieuh

 
  

 

behind the desk about it) [by this time my two
eats looked like they had elephantiasis from the
two clips | had got in the doorway when T was
separated from my little stack of greeus, and I was
likewise considerably mudded up from the atten
tions T had received at the hands of the gent with
the uninviting countenance behind the bar where
[ had started in to register my rear So that when

to acknowledge that 1 didn’t look os if Ud just
stepped outofa suit case

Ne man behind the desk [ dan't know who
he was, but he looked real massive and unsym
pathetic was writing in a big book

‘Sir, L started to say to him, ‘I have unheap
Pily been fallen upon by thieves, whe have abused
me most shamefully, and

‘Just then the massive man behind the desk
looked up. He gazed at me night hard

 

  

Sev,’ said he, after a pause, ‘it ood o vou
to've come in on your own hook ke saves
us trouble; we'd ha’ had to pick vou up

“Then he beckoned to the doorman

“Go through it,’ said the man beliind the desk
to the doorman, indicating nie

"Then I did set up the long vell for fair, Told
em that I had come down there to make a com
plaint, thatl had not always been thus, that they
wronged uie, Claudie, that Td have the life's
blood of every tndividual con in the whole munie
ipality of New York if I didn't get what was com

Ing tw me, and otber things like that Well,
| these Hitle remarks thet I esuged under a pte
found sense of wrong didn’t help me any at all
They wound me up, fn fret

“Take it back,’ sald the massive man behind
the desk, 2nd IT was yanked back to one of th
Nite compartments that have one real hard board
} running slong one side
| ‘Say. how was that for a man that was born

and raiged right in this town, thet had never
been pinched before, to g°' ft going and coming,
both ends from the middle, and not even all bei
off and twonty minutes for a new book? Didu't
I have a mad coming? ¢@n_you bleme me for
not thinking right then that New York was the
only burg on the chart’

“Hut there was nothing dofng. 1 bad to stand
for I I tried to got ‘em to les me send out fer
somebody to tee me out of hock, but they teld
nie 1 waa a four fo | hobo, and that was the

 

 

end of that p | began to figure that Pd
be lucky if | didnt get four months on the Island

“Sleap there waa nix for me that night | S¢
where above me there was a young Indy wh»
would alternate in singing ‘There's a Lith: Green
Spot, with the voice of an angel- | never heard
a purer, sweeter voice than that unfortunate
women's, whoever sho was and eussing like
a pirate, and right next to me was a large, chesty
longshoreman with the cobras, who had removed
a considerable portion of his wife Ss anatomy with
a cotton hook. and seemed to be quite put out
because he hadn't finished her Oh, ves, I had
a real nice ime in the Tenderloin that night

"A latde ofter sunrise
to sympathize with myself and to compare my
unhappy lot with that of the Prisoner of Chillon,
| the clanh - of keys came my way, and | was

herded down to the Jefferson Market court, where
| there were quite a lot of voung gentlemen with
cold grey eyes and little or no chins who wer
talking about their chances of being ‘beund over
for Special S¢ ns for second story jobs of th
eort, and who caleuiated with great interest on
the size of the ‘bits’ they were due to got They
me chance to wash up down there, and
when TE got before the Magistrate he permitted
netospelmy tale. Twas dead sober and pretty
darned aloquent, ond T handed the old gwentdeman

    

 

sir

 

such a stravcht bill of lading that he just nodded |
me loose, althoveh [owas charged with having
{ heen drunk and dieorderty and reswisting an offleer

street station te have @ conversation with the man |

L walked into the ‘lenderloin station [I'm willing |

when [ was beginning |

eee

 

| ee

the man who had shook me awake was standing
alongside me with the penny that she had to put
in the church-box held out in her little fst.

“ “Will ‘oo take ziw, poor man?’ she said to me,
and, not wanting to snub the child, | wok the
penny and walked on

“Say, how was that? Enough to make a man
fall in love with the situation, wasn't i? Little
girls on the street taking me for such @ castaway
on the shores of time me, that hadn't done a
thing but push in a few hooters the night before,
to efface temporarily the ineffable sorrow of life
that they felt like staking me to pannies.

“Tm going ay way (rom this,’ said |, rightoff,
then, and it was also then that f scratched New
York. | had in my pocketa thousand mile ticket on
4 railroad going weat, and IT got on a train just
thirty minutes later and never got off until the
steam rattler pulled into Detroit. T wanted get
Tight far away from New York, as I say

“Oh, well, yes, I came back. The man with
a grievance against this town doesn't hang on
to itlong ‘The old Lunch to be back in the real
puddle gets you up around the neck when you re
long emough in one of the imitation burgs to get to
thinking, and that's what happened to me
peddled Un and silk badges at the Fair Grounds
in Dotroit, eying so make enough to stake myself
to a ride back to New York, but T couldn't eet bold
of enough of the papers to do it that way; the bes
I could do was to seize out enough to get woorer
up in my longing to be back in this litle old town,
and it looked like Detroit forever and a day for me
when one morning | walked down to the Windsor
ferryboat and bought a bunch of tickets for some
rides back and forth, 1 wanted t make myself
think | was riding on a ferry around this neck
efit. When | got over to the dinwy little Canadian
town of Windsor the second time, | concludedto
getoffandtakea walk around. Then I came back
to take the ferry to Detroit again, I was about a
bloe\ from the Windsor ferry house when a dark-
looking chap with @ foreign accent tackled me

Gotng acrose?’ he asked me
Yep, said I

“Likewise am T,’ saidhe, “But [should like to
have you carry a bit of @ package over for me,
if you don't mind. I judge you are not prosper
ing perticularty®

“Not enough to give me that world weary feel
ing, said I

“Oh, Twas next, all right. This guy had a
little smuggling on hand, and he wanted to pass
the goods to me, Twas teady for it, at that.
dont say it was dead right, but I was ready forit
Wo went to a little second-floor room,and he handed
mea small parcel, which I stuffed into my back
pocket

“ldo this, only in case they suspectme I have
ue peenreye trouble at this point,’ the chap said

nodded

‘Well,’ said I.'it's not highway robbery or arson,
and T guess the Government can stand to let me
havea ride back to where I belong.’

| can't understand why the chap trusted me
as he did, but I suppose he never had his lanips
off ime from the time we separated to go to the ferry
by different routes, When T got aboard the boat
Tsaw him. allright.onthe upperdeck. We held no
sort oof communication, as a matter of course,
during the ride over to Detroit. Tle was, as he
had anticipated, searched with particular care
When he gotinto the hands of the customs people,
While I lust slouched over the gangplauk with
my handsin my pockets

| waited for him up at the top of Woodward
avenue. and then we went to another small room,

 

| where he passed mea century withoutany dicker

ing. Then he opened up the little package Thad
toted across the stream for him, | never saw
Stich stones

Phey are worth about 815,000," he told me with
a slow prin Are you not sorry you did not run
for it”

‘Nix, Rochambeau.’ [ told him, ‘Tl may have
heen a contrabandis( for once, but Tam several
wraphical leagues from being a thiel
"Which virtuous sentiment he properly applaud

| ed, and one hour and tifieen minutes later [was oa

the varnished car, bound hitherward, with"
"And have vou forgiven New York?” inquired
the whole clubin breathless suspense
"Yes" replied Ex Tank No. 22
\ rreat sigh of relief went around the room
Then I guess we're safe, and can Fo ri
in the same old way,” said the Chief Fx
rising and the meeting was over

hton
rank,

SHEEP SHEARING BY STEAM.

 

An Expert Takes the Fleeces Off at About the
Kate of Two in Five Minutes,

Prom the Chicago Record,

Sycamonr, Til, April 12-—The modern ten-

{ deney to trim closer in every line of business

has at last overtaken the poor sheep, and here-
after the simile, “as a shorn lamb,” should be
revised to read machine shorn.” During
all these vears of head and borse clipping by
the sheep-shearer has managed
the venerable spring-
eo far as speed ts

the “mower
hold own with
back shears; and even now
concerned, the professional hand sheep-shearer
vields little, Wany, tothe machine. For all that
the machine has come to stay, Not because tt
pleases or displeases the operator, for he has
nosay in thematter, but because of the extra half
pound of woul whieh the machine gleans from

lo his

 

Pe h
\ sheep will vield seven or eight pounds of
wool Phe market price is 15 cents per pound at
ent and six cents per sheep isthe shearer's
wage, thus by
shearing is eliminated and a trifte lett
These shears are very Like a barbe
but with teeth three Umes as |
ther cut a swath about two and one

pres
!

using the machine the cost of

 

 

ree nid
If inches

aselia

  

 

u
wide lhe power is furnished bs e
engine, isconveved by belting loa ge

Ineans of cog-wlieels bt

eral sat

ied

and thence by “4

through flexible shalting to the handie of the
shear-; 89 the Operator has merely gide
his clipper. Hach machine is indepe: de t

may be started or stopped at will
The Sveanore plant consists of ten tia "

hung in a row from solid supports = ¢ fort
| apart. Back of each machine is a litte pen
holding ten sheep; and back of the row of pens
{s an alley through which the tens o ‘op
are connted in to be ahorn and tallied as they
come torth he front of each pen is ysed
by a draw curtain, but few of the operwtors

 

\ I walked outint thesunlightofthat sunday |

morning, sore as a stone bruise, and with half
an idea of burrowing a hole under New York and
blowing ft into the air | had seventy centsleft
in change out of my forty eight doller roll, and
! shot four in so quick that the speak easy bar
keep stared at me Then I went ont and walked
land thourht about whata nice old town New
York would look Nkein ashes
*T leaned against the iron fence around a church
when I got dred walking, and | guess the drowsy
usic of the organ Inside, that had Just started
playing, put me too sleep. Anyhow, I got shook
awake by a fine-looking chap with a plug hat
and a serious face. His wife and little girl were
standing some distance away. They were about
to enter the church. I started down the street.
After I had eae mt twenty feet I heard the
Detter of little feet, and the little girl belonging tw.

 

}of his

bother to keep it closed. When an ings five
sheep walks by out into the fleece-co) ered
area before the machines, his barber merely

thrusts, kicks or hauls him back, ealling bin
cholce pet names and suggesting his final
destiny. So the waiung sheep gather some

idea of what is on; and when a spindling thing
that used to be a sheep is shot back among
themand the shearer calls ‘next,’ by rudely
jerking a hind lew from under @ne of them and
dragaing him ent feet inair, that sheep pretty
well knows what to expect

The plant is in tulloperation. There are ten
big creatures sitting quietly between the feet of
the shearers and submitung to the operator
Back under these sheds are over 15,000 sheep
huddled together waiting for their barbers

An operator hanls forth a fresh sheep, seate
the animal between bis legs, and while the left
band grasps hie musde the right hand guides
the shears straight down the stomach frog: a
point midway between the front legs he
sheep holds there two front pawa with truly
feminine grace, Baak go the sheare for another
swath. ‘The stomach bared, by some four
strokes of the shears that big tail is stripped so
that it looks like a peeled banana. One stroke
cleans the wool from inside each hind leg; then
the outside of the left hind leg is finished, and
swift strokes of the sheare have laid bare the
funk up tothe neck. This operation makes the
aheop look very much like a blood orange peeled
by a sharp knife. for the red flesh shows pink
through the white skin, while here and there a
hasty stroke has left a yellowish rise of wool
like so much puipontheorange Having shorn
the head, the man works back the reverse way
flops over the sheep and finishes exactly where
he bewai

R M. Marquis of Mirabel, Mo., is said to have
sheared 275 sheep in twelve hours That would
allow him atrifie over two minutes and onebalt

 

  

) per sheep, making no allowance for changing

animals or renewing dull shear blades

Doesithurt the sheep? Yes, alittle when the
shears nip through the «kin, but the faster the
workrnan the less le ents the sheep, for every
severe cut means floss of time, and possibly a
fine in addition, The sheep are to be sold as
mutton in Chicago, #0 the owner wishes them
kept in good condition, and the men have to put
oll on the cute or stop the bleeding by cobwebs
or by a rope twist

Once the fleece is off the shearer pays no fir-
ther attention to it, save to shove itin front out
way. An attendant sweeps the wool
into a pile, a second attendant rolls this
thia little nile in the main body of the fleeor and
ties it with a hemp-strand from the bundle
which girds hia waist and hangs down behind
and wher the fleeces have accurmylated they
are put toto the big wooleack through the wood.
en hopper which distends itaneck The sack
holds 240 pounds Now the wool ts ready for
the cleaner and the sheep for the butcher

These sheep are from all sheep ranges in the
United States They are shipped in poor, fat-

tened under cover, and the feed expended
gives a good accoint of iteell
Genaine Kentucky Hospitality.
From the Cineinnatt Commerctal Tritune

Paprean, Ky., April 14.—~The Commercial
Clubof this city thia morning forwarded to
Admiral Dewey as unique an invitation as was
ever jxsued bya Kentucky town. It waa inthe
form of a ailver-mounted cabinet containing a
dozen quart bottles of bourbon whiskey more
than twenty yeare old. The {invitation was
handeomely engraved upon the ease and an-
nounced tothe Admiral that the Rize of the
thriving little ety of Padueah would be pleased
to have the hero of Manila Bay honor them
with a visit during his approaching tour of the
middle Western. States. The invitation was
duplicated in embossed work on @ agid sliver
bottle, which was filled with old “Kentucky
Dew and oecupied the centre of the ease.

Those Who Do Not Read *' The Sun"

ot competent advisers as to the merita
of the aper. Those wh it aed eayertine
we! leet ine

reliable

 

Rerieanmceseen
n e 6
cdvertioing mediam for

 
   

 

 

    
 

GROWTH OF SOCIALIST VOTE

LIKELY TO SURPASS PREVIOUS RB
CORDS IN NEXT NOVEMRAER,

In Khode Isiand It Mas Increased 500 Per
Cent. in Four Years. The Party HasGrown
Rapidly Ail Through New England.
At the recent State cleetion in Rhode Island

the Soctalist party polled 3,024 votes for Governor,

4 substantial record when it is considered that

the entire vole of the State at the April electiog

8 less than 50.000 and that the whole vote of

iRhode Island at the last Presidential electiog

was only 53.000, of which the Socialist vote waa

558. During the four years intervening the im

crease in the Socialist vote bas been at the rate

of nearly 500 per cent,, and a like increase in some
other States would put the Socialist party in @
position of prominence such as it has not occupied
since 18 organization twelve years ago. In the
election of 1892 the Socialists polled 21,000 votes
in the whole countre, and at the Presidential elew
tion of 1806 they polled 43,000 votes, a gain of
about 50 percent which if not exceeded this year
would give the Socialists in the whole country

a total of about 50,000, # figure materially lea

than indicated by the Rhode Island election
Asa matter of fact, however, the Rhode Island

Neures are probably @ better guide than those

of four vears ago, for it fs undeniable that the

Socialist’ party, especially in) New England;

has been making rapid gains during the past

four years. In the Presidential election of 1808

the Socialist vote in Maseachusetts was 2,114

last year in the contest for Governor it was 19,040,

an increase very much larger than shown in the

Rhode Island figures, In Connecticut the Social

ist party polled 1,223 votes four years ago, but lsat

year in the State election,on a much reduced totaly

the Socialist vole was 2.800
It is not, however, in the New England States

only that the Socialist party has been making

gens. In Wisconsin in 18060 no Socialist ticket

was run; in 1898 the Socialist vole was 4,009,

In Maryland four years ago there were 587 Sa-

cialist votes for President, last vear the Socialist

vote was 1.581.) In California the Socialist vote
four years ago was 1.600 two vears ago it wag

 

6,000) ‘The Socialist vote in Tlincis was 1,147
four vears ago; two rears ago it was 4,518 In
Indiana the increase was from 820 to 1,715. In

Wansas, in which there was no Socialist ticket
four years ago, there were 612 Socialist votee
last vear In Michigan there was no
Socialist tieket four vears ago, the Socialist vote
was 1.100 two In it wag
2.809) in it was 5458 In Ohio last
year it was 2.480) although the Socialist party
had no State ticket there four years ago. In
Washington there were 1.328 Socialist votes twe

where
vears aro Missourt
New Jersey

veasagoand the only State in which there was ne@
material increase was York, but on the re-
duced vote of 1898 the Socialist poll was 1,000
greater than in the Presidential election two year@
preceding
Ordinarily, a third parte which makes a gain
in State or local elections is unable to preserve {€
during the more serious and exciting time of @
Presidential contest, but with the Socialist parte
this is not the case, for its members, rarely electing
a candidate, vote, as they say, in protest against
existing conditions and they continue so voung
eulirely irrespective of the effect their action mag
have upon the election generally or upon the prow
pects of the leading parties engaged init) More.
over, the interests of the Socialist parties have
become by degrees much detached from those of
the Bryanites with whom many Socialists fra-
ternized politically in 1896) And as the conserva-
tive Democrats pain a larger measure of influence
in party the Sooinlists gain recruite
from among the Bryan radieals and this is especial-
ly true in New England where the supremacy
fof the Republicans ts so well established. That
the Socialist party will poll 100,000 votes in the
Presidential election this vear is the most modest
estimate of politicians and that it will poll as many
as 240,000 votes is thought probable by many.

yew

conneids,

TRAILING SHEEP,

May Be the Last Great

From the Pacifie
Mornin

well-hr

Drive Across Stateg
Northwest,
Kromth Oregonian

gi % own sheep drover, fe
in Portland preparing to start “on the trail®
with $500 yveurling wethers purehased in More

Carson, a

  

row county, He says he wontd like to buy
about 6.000 tore but remarked They are
holding ‘em toe high for me. IT am willing
to pay $225 a head for wethers, and $2.75 for
ewes, but eastern Oregon sheepmen think
they are worth more, so we can’t trade."

Mr. Carson says he will start his big flock
early in May ust as soon as the sheep have
been shorn. He will probable ship by train

from Heppner to Huntington, and ferry across
the Snake River near the terminus of the Ore.
con, Railroad and Navigation He has not yet
solved the problem as regards crossing Wye
oming, a the new quarantine law of that State
was framed (o prevent sheep “trailing” across
its lands, He is thinking, therefore, of spends
ing the summer and fall in the Wood River
Mountains, and will decide in the meantime
how to invade Wyoming

He thinks this will be the last band of -heep
“trailed” across the State ot Idaho, asthe Snake
River plains are now nearly all claimed foe

 

 

range, and the water has been about ali taken
up. In one locality he will have a twentye
five mile drive between watering places, and
assix miles a day ita fair day'strave’ the sheep
will have to go without water for f days on
a stretch He will drive over tl reson in
the night time, as the weather woo be too hot
to enable the animals to travel w water,
The country alone there is sage-prush and
sand, and great care will have to be oyereised
in order to avoid losing sheep lie will prow

vide the band with twenty bells, he says, and
by counting these and the black sheep. tre
quently, the men will be able to miss any large@
buneh that nught be left behind

Trailing sheep across Oregon, Idaho and
Wyoming used to be a pienic.” Mr. Carson
rays, “when the country Was open, but now
we expect more or less trouble from poopie
who claim the grass all along the route °
can hunt and fieh while the sheep are resti

 

 

during the beat of the day, and our frequen
change of location creates perpetual novelty.
Onee in a while some irate farmer or cattle
man gets after us, fearng our flocks will emt
his grass all up before we get by. bul we have
thus far avoided any serious trouble, and we
hope to pull through without any in this oup
last trailing venture across Idaho”

Mr. Carson has been purchasing Oreg
sheep for the “trail” for quite a number a
ears, he says, but never had to pay as mu
or them as now “Five vears ago.” he sai
"T bought all the vearlnus | wanted at $1 @
head In eastern Oregon, and drove them through
to Central City, Neb. where T had them f
on corn that eost eight cents a burhel. and on
hay at $2 a ton.delivered. And yet our fi
made no money out of the transaction inet
caine out even We hopetomake money now

Told by Sargeon-General Sternberg.
From the CRicago Record
Surgeon General Sternberg of the Army sav
that when he was going into the battle of Bull
Run the Irish Sereeant Majer of his regiment
came to him with a bit beg of gold coin weighing
three or four polis and said

“Doctor, | know that [m to be hilt entirey
an I want you t tal are of money ar’
gee thatit gets te) the ould folks at borne

‘There was no time tw remenstrate, oF
make any other arrangemen and drop.

ping the bag into the Surgecn’s lap, the [rish=
man hurried away w& his place at the head of the
column All throught two bloody days Dr Stern

berg carried that bag of goki with his surgical
instruments, and it was & burden and embar
rasament to him We tried to get rid of it, bug
couldn't find any one willing ww accept or eveR
uy) share the responsibility, and he couldn't throw
it away for the sake of the “onld folks a home.”
Toward the clase of the second day the Surgeon
was taken prisoner le loat his surgical in-
struments and his medicine case, but clung
the gold, and making a belt of his necktie an
handkerchief, tied it around his waist neat to his
skin tw prevent ite confiscation by his captors
During the long, hot and weary march that &
lowed the gold pieces chafed his flesh, and his
blistared as tv

walat became so sore and cause
him inyngs suffering, but he was bound that

» “ould folks at home” should have the benefit
of that ey, and by the exercise of great caution
and oe, Managed to keep it until he was
Warnes bees Beedle

‘ton. re oun 8

tn camp, of the first men to welcome him
was the antMajor, who was so dew

lighted t learn that the docter had saved his
Soar Pat Be ont crane ans gambles Hat Guay