ee

Saws

=
ES Dae

 

mene . wee

6

 

i
H
,

i

He)
ae
j a
if
|
i
ad
Ps }
ice
"
4 f
: i
¥
‘ a

 

  
 
   
   
    

A Budget of Filmy, Fluffy
Things for Women.

PARIS FASHIONS IN HATS.

The Ubiquitous Bolero Seen in
Many Styles and Materials.

Twists Given to the Hat Brims and Artistio
Simplicity in Hat Decoration~Styles That

May Supersede the Popalar Bolero of

Taffeta-Touches of Embroidery Expected
on Every Gown-Beautiful New Foalards
-New Forms of the Conventent Blouse

- The Revived.

If spring has been backward this year in the
matter of budding trees and flowers, it has been
Prompt as usualin opening the budget of new silks,
muslins, laces, and all manner of filmy, fluffy
things to wear. The new hats are here also,
They come in tulle, crinoline and chillon, and
also in straw as delicate as any of the three ma-
terials mentioned, There is an inclination in
Paris to turn the rather broad shapes straight
up in front off the face, but this is not by any
means 4 style to be universally followed, as the
brim dipping down in front or raised at the side
is quite as popular and much more becoming to
many faces. Mostol the brims are pressed down
closely to the head at the back, giving that short,
cut-off appearance at the sides which is so essen-
tal. It is wo be thankfully noted that artistic

Fetching Undersleeve

 

Mmplicity in trimming is muchin vogue Crowns
of leaves and brims of flowers form the decoration
of the daintiestof toques, and one of the very new
Pst millinery items is presented in dyed skeleton
leaves lightly stitched over with sequins, These
are used in place of the abused quill.

The ubiquitous bolero mey be seen in all ma
terials, in all shapes, and trimmed in all imaginable
way, sor plain. In short, it seems to be one of
the indispensable features of dress for all occa
sions The black taffeta bolero, which is for
the moment so popular, may be superseded on
account of its common use by those of other ma
terials, One new boleroisof black velvet, trimmed
with applications of satin and jet embroidery
The wide revers and the facing of the collar ure
of white satin, black lace and rows of black velvet
ribbon. Another short coat which may be made
of black or white satin is lined with soft) Marie
Antoinette silk and has revers, seams, collar
and cuffs overlaid with lace or heavily stitched
“A fetching bolero is made of pale gray cloth, serge
or linen, stitched all over and ornamented with
gilded or painted porcelain buttons. These little
coats are fastened at just one point in front with
4 strap or one big button

Simple but smart frocks are made of home
spunsin cream color and the pale shades of pink
blue and mastic = Pale blue is to be @ most pop
ular color in all materials. A tailor gown of |
pale blue cloth is set off with little touches of black
velvet and dainty embroidery Ky the way,
thess touches of embroidery must be on every
gown, no matter what the fabric, and the embrvuid-
ery is of every description, including threads of
silk, chenille and chiffon, sequins and gold thread
Many varieties of the embroidery so used are
orienta! and even barbaric in effect The new
foulards are beautifulindeed, The delicate pastel
colorings in pink, pale blue, pale green and mauve
serve as groundwork for the design in white,
which is decided without being startling. A
charming costume is of blue figured foulard and
has 4 Louis XIIL tunic with shawl revers The
tunic opens over a petticoat of worked white silk
The neck and waist bands are of black velvet
Voiles come in the darker shades of red and em
erald green. Dark colors are very attractive in
such fine, transparent fabrics,

Costumes of foulard and voile and certainly
of all the thinner materials are heing made rather
full around the hips, a style which suits soft fabrics
best. Foulard and linen will be combined, and a
feature of the best foulard gowns is the very large
chou with long ends of mousseline de sole or crepe
de chine coming from the centre of the bust This
central chou of mousseline de sole or lace will be used
oo linen or cambrie gowns 4s well, Crepe de chine
in manyexquisite shades is to be used extensively,
and one graceful frock is in) wedgewood
set off with insertions of silk spangled

XVI shades. The skirt is slichtly gathered, and
the bodice tucked and swathed

The delightful couventent blouse shows no sign
of waning popularity, and, on the contrary, grows
more dainty, more elaborata, more necessary every
season. Soft silk, batiste lace aud Venetian

satin are materials used for fluffy blouses, while bro-
cades, satins and handsome of
passementerie are employed for those which are
more elaborate. One new model blouse is of soft

 

blue

Louis

encrustations

beavenly blue silk tucked, with a waistcoat and
appliques of ecru guipure and tucked ecru mous-
taffeta

@eline. Another of corn-colored has a

 

@illar, epaulets and little cuffs of white’ linen
@dorned with appliques of black velvet embroidered
over with blue and cream silk cords Another
blouse of palest blue silk has a muslin and lace
chemisetia and undersleeves. It has also an
applique of corn-colored silk, embroidered with
white silk cord and black silk thread. An unusually

Preity bancerchiel blouse is of white silk apotted i

 

 

with black and bordered with rich Oriental col
orings, and an effective broad black edge Two
of the most charming detatls for waists with which
fashion has presented women this year are the
dainty and feminine muslin undersleeve and the
little hemstitched handkerchief revers of tinted
muslin, the V left by the revers being filled in
with a chemisette of the same muslin set in the
narrowest tucks. ‘This tinted muslin is much
softer and also more becoming to the face than
even lace. It is impossible mow two buy these
muslin accessories ready made, so the clever and

 

enterprising needlewoman may have a season's
enjoyment before they are popularly worn
Charming costumes for girls from 4to 16,
thoroughly suitable on account of their freshness
and simplicity, are made of frieze in pastel shades
of pink, blue and green. These are usually made
in smart little tailor suits of coat and skirt The
coats for girls should delight a mother's eyes,
since they are comfortable, simple and elegant

THE FRILLS OF PASHION.

Silk waists dotted all over with fine beads sewn
on at regular intervals as if they were pin apots,

are one of the Parisian fancies, and with these {s
worn a collar band pointing down below the ac
customed neck line in front and closely beaded
all over

Veils with velvet spots have been the reigning
fashion for some time, but the novel feature which
distinguishes them now is that you ean select
your plain net,choose the size and number of spots

most becoming, and have them put on to order
as farapartor as near together as youlike. Fancy
4 pretty woman standing before the mirror ar
ranging the becoming position of the spots on her
veil while thi
threads to mark the places, aud you will havea
new edition of the vanity of vanities, but the re
sult fully justifies the means

Neckties made of silk In the form of batwings

are one of the many novelties in neckwear, pa
colorings being the chot

Shirring is very much in evidence on the new
thin gowns Skirts are shirred around thet

sleeves from the shoulder to the elbow, and usually
there is @ shirred yoke to matel

Crepe de chine was the favorte mater tr
court dresses worn at the Queen's Drawing Poor

Green Egyptian beetles ar the fads in

hat pin

Gold braid which is the real thing gives a vers
chic toucht of the I

yYMANnY new gowns itis
a touch at the belt

ind wrists, however, and vers
artisticaily arranged with black velvet on a soft
pale color

Long silk and satin coats in eolora as well as
black, are such an evident element of fashion
thatthere must be some reason forthetr appearance
No doubt the elegant followera of the mode will
find them useful at the races. and the watering

places lateron. \ dark tan
one model, whieh is made in lengthwise and short
croas bands on o dotted whity net all above the
knee. Below this polat the skirt is of plain satin

girl behind the counter sews in little |

 

 

 

shade of satin forms | ‘

The long bands are set in to give a good line to the |

figure and the shortones fillin between Flowered
Pannette ribbon is used for a loose lining ora second
rever, and extends all down the front on each
side. [t also plaitsin at the hack lining the high
collar, Dull silver buttons are the fastening
Mohair in both dark and light shades is very
much used this season. Stylish travelling gowns

are made of it, pretty afternoon dresses in the

i

rr

light colors sometimes striped with white, and

for skirts to wear with light waists itis very de
sirable
Belts are either wery wide or very narrow, no

medium widths being admissible if you would be
up to date

WOMEN IN COREA,

Brides With Closed Eves
of Thread ta Clothes.

“A Corean bode has her eyelids pasted to
gether until she has been three days a wife,”
said Mrs. S. 1. Baldwin, who has lived for more
than twenty vearsin China and Corea, and who

is considered among missionaries to know more

about the Hermit Nation, as the Coreans are
called, than any other foreigner Notwith
| standing this rather unpromising beginning,

the life of the Corean woman, while secluded
is not as unbearable os that of the women of many
other Oriental nations. They are poor, and con
sequently compelled to work very hard, but, as

 

 

 

Paste Used Instead |

 

a

WIGS

FOR LADIES!

Perfect substitute for youruataral hair, The keen-
est critie cannot distinguish our selentifically con-
structed wigs from the wearers’ own bair, Thorough
satixfaction quaranteed, We have special private
parlors devoted entirely to the fitting of ladies’ wigs

'Toupees for Gentlemen

 

made to fit partially or entirely bald heats, So care

filly and artistically constructed as ty mingle with
the hairon one # own Lead, 80. that most intinare
| acgiaintances cannot discover the difference,
!
|

 

Spactal Rooms exclusively for Gentlemen's Wigs
aud Toupees

We will be pleased to teach you how to arran
those Artistic Coiffures, now so generally adinived,

WAVY SWITCHES

fluffy hair specially se
lected froin ovr unlim-:
ited stock of matchless
convent hair.

SKELETON
BANGS,
POMPADOURS,
WAVES

Ivery conceivable

HAIR DYES—HAIR TON

  

 

TONICS,

Rouges. &c, tested by forty years of experience in
the largest Toilet Bazaar in America

Specialist for examining the scalp in attendance,
Advice gratis, Illustrated Catalogue free.

LShaw

LARGEST HAIR STORE IN THE WORLD.
ESTABLISHED % YEAR
54 W. 14th St., next to ¥

 

y's, N.Y,

 

 

ONE OF THE SHOPPERS,
| Showing Incidentally From How Many Places
| They Come.
| \nong the shoppers one meeta in the shopping

district of the city are women not coly from the
city itself, but, as everybody knows, from neigh

THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 22,

; OWn homes in the States

 

 

boring towns and cities as well) At this great
central shopping point the purchasers gather |
from everywhere, and yet the variety of the places

whence they come might never be altogether
comprehended
| So thought a stroller along South street,

| saw stepping from the stringplece of a wharf to the

who

   

    

     
    

deck of a canalbont moored alongsid nd walk
tng then with conth steps along its deck to the
cabin, a woman evidently t returned from a
| shopping expedition, carrying, as she did. onar
} ful of the famillarsbundies and paper bags In
| her attire and manner she was precisely ke hun
dreds of women to be met aniong the Shoppers,
and the bur ssahe carried jt ich as they
i carty., ‘There was about oth make
her in any way different from anybody els’ and
if there had been any reason foranyvbody s giving

thought to her at all he would probably not have

 

           
 

  

   

    

| dreamed but what like the re f the people met
| there, she Ived In the city or the s rhs. and
Ike everybody else, under a roof, that Is losay
somewhere in a house or a flat
| And !t must be said that even to the South street
| stroller {t was something rather novel t » the
shopper, with an armful of bundles down here on
| the waterfront: not iting uptown en a crossing
for acar, nor ringing @ bell in the vestibule of a
| flat, but theugh looking for all the werld just
like city folks,walking acrosa the deck of a canal
boat to ber home, which she finds in ‘the eonel

jb at's cabin

|

\

over the sea. She does no cooking in her own
house, as the Government officials take their
meals at the company’s house, near by

Mrs. Clark's noarest neighbor is the wife of
the agent on St. Paul, who is less lonely because
she has with her her two small children, Mrs
Clark's children being grown and having their
There is no com-

munication between the islands exeept by one
of tue company’s ships and by revenue cut-
ters, as other ships are not permitted to visit
the islands These ships come only in the sum-
mer, and trom October until June Mrs. Clark
does not expect to see any one or hear anything
from the Luited States or to send word home,
no matter what happens. Sickness, death, dis-
aster may come to her far off in that forbiddin
sea, or may Visit her own at home, but no worg
may come or go until navigation is resume
St George is absolutely without trees, but
its rolling surface and mountains, a thousand
feet high, are beautifully green with coarse
grass and moss, and wild flowers of brilliant

 

hues dot the level atretchesa near the sea, Blue
foxes abound, and over the rocks at the water’
edge thousands and thousands of seals in cease-
less

wht fron
of water fo

  

ul December, while millions
the air and the sea and flutter

Tipe

wi fill

 

 

 

(eeepc remnant eee

arule, are well treated by their husbands. They
have pretty meaning plum blossom,
treasure, &., bul after marriage are known
only as So-and so's wifo, until they have a son,
after which they are known as the mother of
that son

As a little lass the Corean girl is taught all
about the domestic work, and begins early to
assist her mother in making the family clothes
If too young to paste, she can at least hold over
the stove the long iron rod to be used in pressing
seams. The heating of this red is the first thing
taught a litte girl Later she learns how to
paste clothes together, then to wash and iron

names

them Now, this use of paste instead of thread
is a custom. so far as | know, practised only ts
the Corean [tis done on account of their mode
ef iret To accomplish this diffleult) feat |
they rip their garments to pieces before putting |
them in water \fter the washing garment
are laid on a smooth block of wood or stoneand
‘are beaten smooth with ironing sticks. ‘These

Sticks resemble» policeman’s club and each ironer

uses tw

  

“Girls and | wear their hair hanging in
two plaits until engaged to be married, after which
the bov fastens his on top of his head, and the

irl twists hers atthe nape of her neck. Coreans
ld marriage in high regard, and show a mar-
tied man profound respect, while a bachelor is

 

treated by the “} ‘ enipt 1} e
Keel \ t
wit ’ ‘
He is ama i married: whi!
famu der 7 t richer, whe
ars his two 5 Is, 1 remark that ‘he is a
pig. He cannot get sife He will alwa be
a boy
In the choice of | bride. the Corean
leaves everything to etween Butof all
other wives. and a Coreans may have ten, the
man makes his own selection It is elder

however, that a second wife is added tothe house

hold, except where the first wife proves childless
In such instances other wives are taken, but the
dignity always remains with the first wife. Women
are well treated, and, as a rule, live happy, con
tented lives. They are gentle, attractive liitle
bodies and devoied to their homes,”

 

 

 

LONELIEST OF WOMEN,
| The Home of Mrs, Clark o2 a Little Island in
| Behring Sea.

From the Washington Mrening Star
Without doubt the loneliest woman —thatis to
' aay, the ¢ urthest removed from ber kind
| in all these United States of America is Mra
| Clark of this city, the wife of Major E. W,
|
|
}
|
|
!
|
|
'

 

 

Clark, Government Agent o » Pribylof or
Seal [el { ’
Chis ero 1 dof t tivo small i
poise Pu ‘ st ‘
of i i the
are ‘ La00 miles west
Puae , d and aboyt go orthweai «
the lection fslands, beginning at t nak Pa
st ssmaller of i two, be-
\ ve onl t forty
‘ tionms
" 4! r fi
i (lork May
' i ‘ td
{ V en
| ! \ 1 ha ores and
4 " ! little y
fibre tots i \ ' thirty
' had the eornmanv os bus its, the
he and a Greek chure Phere
hho the { {Mrs. Clark
wiiit | Her | eis A sinal
fi ry ” d comfort
4 itt ( and pret mda fine outlook

BAGGETT & RAMSDCLL'S

4 Perect Coid Cream,

VHE KIND THAT KEEPS,
A SCIENTIFIC SKIN FOOD

 

|

} v hounshes the skin, and prevents the

ator { premature nes and wrinkles

| teed tor years by people ot rennement sold
everywhere The purret and best known,

   

ALL SIZES: » Bhe., 50c,, BEc., O1.505
Sa@inple size,

Ov.
DAGGETT & RAMSDELL. CHEMISTS,

WEST 34TH ST., opr. rie WALDORF-A¥TORIA, ¥.T.

A a ener . ae |

|

eee ee

Three hundred days in the
tnd dismal, and fogs

about the elitfs
vear the weather is dark

 

hide the islands for days atatime = The cold is
never excessive, bul the winter storms are se-
vere, and terrific gales sweep over sea and land
There is no harbor, acd ships come to anchor
a mile or more from shore

WHEN BERNUARDT WOULD BE A NUN.

Her First Role in a Convent Play- Her Inter-
view With the Archbishop of Parts a
Few Days Before He Was Assassinated,

The Gaulots ha
from memoirs of Mme, Sarah
Bernhardt her usual dashing and
devil-may-care style. [t is as follows

It was St. Catherine's Day--a
in all the convents for young girls; but this
particular year it had, with us, in the Convent
of Grand-Champs, an allogether special char-
acter. The customary little play was on this

st publi
the unfinished
written in

 

activity disport themselves noisily day and |

 

hed another slice |

feast-day |

    
 
  

 
 

 

is

Newoort Coil

made of
and made on a
HANDSOME COLDPRURE can be arranged « t >
a great comfort Ww the wearer,
Use 4b

Marie Antoinette
Wigs & Toupees
Hair Dressing
Hair Ornaments

933 Broadway,

   

, Omonson

ZIst-22d Sts., N. y,

HAIR DRESSING
HAIR: ORNAMENTS

al! long

NATURAL WAVY Hain
patented flexible r

ring With it A

Once ted you wi ys

COLPFURE, so becoming to thy
ablessing in disguise for those a
hair, or for ladies who desire to eouce we
own hair without resorting to wigs.

we 4

of my make are the standard of percrtion
The perfect ht fine quality and exquisity wy
mauship make them a perfect Jmitaiico ul
nature, and satisfaction Is assured,

and HATR COLORING; Freneh undolaion,
shampooing, sealp and halr treatment acd hap
coloring by @ large and thorougily expert
enced corps of lady and gentlermen artists

  
  

PWERS, GAUZE,
TORTOISE ay
ST and PARISI A)

of exquisite patterns, in
and FEATHER BFF

pure AMBEBSHEL
RHINESTONES.
‘ ‘ . FINE GOOopSs-IT WILT PAY YOU-BEFORE yoy
EXAMINE MY STOCK PURCEASE ELSEWHERE, @1
“EVERYTHING FOR THE HATR," ‘

wrrTnis FIRM HAS NEITHER BRANCHES NOR AGENTS,

933 Broadway,

A, SIMONSON

2ist & 22d Sts,

 

in her role. She had the part of the leading
angel, and was not making a success of it
“she was my mate-a child of 10 years.
I loved her dearly, ‘How stupid you are!
I said to her; ‘I, in your place, should not be
afraid at all. Now, this is the way I would
sav it!’ But, the next day, al the general re-
hearsal, she was seized with such a fit of trem-
bling that she could not utter a word. We
were all assembled) Mother St. Appolina was
giving us a rehearsal in her way she was imi-
tating Mer. Sibour, who was be
at the exercises and was saying ‘When

present

to

he

does like this, you will elap your little hands |

in applause,’ and her delicate head nodded |

@ontly, and a smile lit up her pale face, as her
long sickly hands clapped an applause.

“All that would have pleased me areaily,
{f I had not been so aner I knew all the
roles, and had word to repeat. Most
of my schoolmates glowed with pride; la e
sobbing I thought her

not a

 

 

Bugnet alone wa

stupid, ‘That child will never be able to fulfil |
her role,’ exclaimed the superioress. ‘Oh
no! no! I shall never be able!’ sobbed my lit-
tle mate, ‘I shall never be able’ That upset

everything. Then a wild joy caused my ¢ hildish

heart to leap, The bleod rushed to my fem-
ples. I sprang from the stage, ang, standiug

; i hnet
upon a bench ] exclaimed Mother! Mother!
1 know the role! Shall 1 play it?’

“A}leyes were turpedupon me. I was tremb-
but I] was full of courage. I knew the
Mother St. Sophia,
euperioress of the convent, an adored creature
in the recollections of my childhood, answered
‘Very well, my dear; come, aud repeat it forme ;
J threw back my untamable hair, and repeate
breathless and bold, the whole role of the lead-
ing angel, ‘There!’ I exclaimed, as IT finished,

"My schoolmates laughed, the sisters siniled,
and, very much encouraged, 1 ascended the
little stage. The rehearsal began Phat will
do! that will do!’ everybody said tome. I Wao
proud, and yet, ] feared that I did not do it
well enough. The rehearsal being finished,
the breakfast bell rang My contracted stot
ach and strangled throat refused me all ser-
vice. How many times since then have I felt
that physical anguish!

“On the table there was an extra--a creme
renveraee, of which I was very fond, but] could
All discomposed, I gaved

| Ing
role, and felt sure of myself
!

 

not swallow at all

at the scholars, who would look around and
would stop to listen. They were eating and
laughing. Louise Bugnet took my share ot
the orenie renversee. ‘See! You took my role;
I can fairly eat yourcrene!’ I began toery, tor
J liked creme. Happily Sister St. Mary came

in for me, to dress me. T was led into the large
meeting room of the committee, lMhis room,
rather mysterious for a child's imagination, was
unfamiliar to me

I entered, shivering
all the regulations whir
twice a month A tmurror
in there--the only one | had ever seen in the
convent, which belonged to old man Lar-
cher, the gardener of the convent, the only man
who had admission to the |ouse

The mirror was an altogether too seriall
affuir, having an oak frame, surmounted by 4
sculptured bird. Its tinfoil had disappeared
bs vena and, al] over it, numerous punctures
spoiled its transparency The nuns kept at a
distance from it, as if from a danger, their black
veils lowered over their white crepe ones, ‘The
sister fouriere, or roundswoman--the onls
one in the nunnery that was not cloistered
aceount of being continually engaged in trans-
acting business with those who furnished su

thinking that I heard
h were discussed thee
had been brought

aon

 

 

plies to the convent— was charged with th
duty of dressing us. Upon me was put a very
long white robe, with large sleeves Two
pretty wings were attached to me, and they,
alao, were white. My hair, highly frizzled,
was tled around my forehead with gold braid

Oh! how my childish heart was beating
my Heaven!

“Suddenly, the bells of the convent began

 

 

to ring out joyously u carriage rolled into
the yard) Mgr Sibour was entering
} “J was too small; T could not see; and, yet
I was exerting all my streneth to ratse myselt
The old gardener, Larcher, took me in his arm
What a magnificent spectacle tor me!

The Monseigneur had got ont ef his epis-
copal earriage. Mother St. Sophia, our 8
erioress, had knelt down, and was kissing
| s ring Al) the other puns, with bowed heads,
were waiting for the signal to kneel down
and receive the benedictlon, I thought that

beautiful

“All those black robes, with the white sur
phees, aud then that grand man, in violet
with his gray hair, so majestic, and yet, with
Peuch a paternally kind iace, — the carriage
{the white horses, the big bedizened coach-
man, so straight and grave on his draped seat,
and the priest of our chapel, mild and fry

I thongeht all that superb, and I resolved to
1 become a niin

“An hour went by, and, all that time, I knew
nothing of what was said or done, | was wait
} ing, quite fatigued by my emotions, and in a

somnolent state, in the armehair of aed
Mother Alexis, the deaconess of the eom-
| munity

areaming

{ A light hand aroused me. T was

ofimyr Lfelt no surprise, and | ran toward

 

 

 

 

    

 

ange! was called to the Archbishop was
triumphant, IT was then only a frail gurl, ine
teresting and pretty, they sald

“What is your name, my child?’ asked the
Bishop

“Sarah

“We shall have to change that name,"heaaid,
with a smile

“Yes suid the Supertoress, ‘her fal whe
wants her to be baptized, desires her be
called Henrietta; the ceremony will take place
in a month.’

Well, Sarah, or Henrietta,” said Mor ene
to me, ‘here {s a medal whieh you inust alwave
wear, and the next time IT come here, vou will
repeat forme the ‘Prayer of Esther.’

“He kissed me, and L pronused to k
Praver of Esther by the the of his next
ist 1 was not to repeat the Pr
Esther before the Bishop A few da
in the moruiog, after mass, as we were

w the

     

 

 

sembled in the chapel, the chaplain ann
tous, in A little speeeh, full of sinoere ernie
that Mer Sibour had Just been assa
“Assassinated! A wave of terror passed ovep
us Phat word, sailing through the ehureh
'Iashed me particularly, Had | not been his
favorite of a moment? It seemed to me that
the murderer Verger had at the same time
robbed me of my little glors T began to ery
The praver for the dead, wheh they b us
iy idded the last straw to ny agrief = lhey
carried me away ina fant
It was from that moment that I was tik
with amystice, an ardent love of religi v ’
practises Todantained, as well as the Mike en
wene of the thing, and perhaps the caloling
and fervent encouragement of my educat ress

who loved me dearly, whom F adored 1
whose recollecUuonu gives my heart such radiact
Sanam Breeniia r

 

}
impulses

The Filipino Girl's Kimo

From a Soldier's Letter in the Memphis Conmerciah
Appeal
It is @ shirt waist with enormous s end

 

reaching the waist line, butis not belted dewn
and until T got m
artice

Itis made without buiwus,
tomed to it was the most exasperating
of feminine wearing apparel I ever came acre
The opening at the top is cut square, and if ihe
maiden should hold her arms closely to her bedy
something would surely drop.

My first experience with the aforementioned
“kimo” was one evening | paid my respects to an
old gentleman whose acquaintance [ had made
and whose daughter I had learned was one of ihe
local belles, After the salutations and introductions
and ao general conversation, f asked the daughter
of my host to “play the plano” forma The girl
about 18 years old, wagrather a pretty girl, burt too
de idedly of the brun@fte type to suit my Missi«
sippi birth, Shewasin full evening “costume,” but
the waist affair waswhatcaughtmyveye, Aslong
@s her arms were akimbo or her hands at some
distance apart on the keyboard the affeir held u;
but when she crossed her bands I felt 1 should sure
have to make my naim bag a-rabii (good night)
with my back turned. But your Filipino maiden
is equal to the occaston, With an involuntary
twitch of the arm she adjusts the shipping “kimo”
and aslight exposure of a brown shoulder is al!

Mr. Cunningham and His Better Half,

F’rom the Louisville Courter-J ournul

St. Louts, Mo., April 12.—Binee the days that
Gen. Tom Thumb and bis wife used to enter
the old Union Depot in their annual tours
about the country, no couple has attracted
more attention than did James Cunningham
and his bride of Boston, Ky., who arrived at
Union Station this morning en route to Uan-
ton, Mo, Cunningham is just three feet and
four inches tall, and welghe about ninety-five

ounds, while his bride measures five fort six

| inches and appurently would tip the scales at

150 pounds. When Cunninghain stood by his
wife his head reached about to her elbows.

(irandmother and Granddaughter as Brides,

From the Philadelphia F'ress.
Broomseuna, April 18%—A double wedding
took place at Mainville, this county, to-day, fn
which a grandmother and a g@rinddavebter
werd the brides. Fk, Gearhart of Alloona
was married to Mrs. Mary ©. Farnaworth of
3loomsburg, and her granddauehter, Misa

| Pauline Smith, the daughter of Miles Smith %

oecasion to be enacted with a far more than | the door, exclaiming: ‘Ab! thes @ Boing th
ordinary earnestness. The subject, which } comn ence!’ Unfortunately, I had forgotren
had been selected from the Bible,wasthe ‘Jour- | ™) long dress, and tell sprawling in the very
‘" ' i by 7” ip middle of the room The lougtwer called
ney of Tobias!’ composed by Sister Theresa. | forth by my accident, put me in sues a passior
‘The littl girls to whom roles had been | that my tears. brought by the hurtin mo kpre
assigned were in transports of foy There pee vs At once pS jd not hurtinveell, no!
| svidinarage ' nti litt 0
were littl groups in which the literary merit | that erved ~ i ee pe tie 3 ir oOe ee Pan
of the piece was the subject of disc ussion, | The stage was represented by a plank
I shouldadd that it was unanimously considerad | Which kept of e on Passing its limit A wood-
: epi at zs ‘* « : » | en bench aod a table upon which was the frugal
marvellons Wha ovous ‘ahs!’ and ohs! repast of Tot oe dt} as le 7 ' ;
I heard all around me! 1 was sad—horribly “Sh! there were also two stools that a seheo!
sad I had no role. What grief amid the | mate hed been charged to remove as nece
arose
| We were eleven little girls in the little rer m
and not one uttered a word The very beating
of our hearts could be heard Our feverish
litte hands, crossed trom the habit of praver
} aqueezed each otherin (right
| “Finally, the larger girl, who was a boarder
in the convent, came to us after F aving heen
| presented with a blessed cross, and told 1 that
she had not been frightened thatit was vervea
| We had nly to keer looking at the bright spect
the sun ma on the frame of the rire
eentod the heaven. filled with
was i" one could think
ne ’
vr her, Marie Hubert placed a piece
» niane The Was our tum
paralyzed da cold shiver rar m
» K Ol my neck down to my faet I rea!
»| oT rng my tur r af my
panions rushed meas Provost. my professor |
ove SOF ear fter at the time ofr
cebut iphugenic at the Comedie Wray
calee
Mv entraaee had a gone d eft ized wit?
. 1 Oo Pree alth na? half intox it '
wiihfear Ir ved mv yr ac “ -
iis to if I did not k . @xactiv wl j
wa me. but T ke ust he same
When the play was finished, the leading
: : -_
lor Goid, Silver and Brass.
general reioiemne M jear mother searcely

gave a thoush! to consoling me or to reason-
wos entirely taken up with
great event

ime with me she

the coming
I could weep and rage at my ease, I knew
all the roles, and T considered that my school-
mates said them very badly. Finalty, | ander-

took to poach Louise Bugnet, my little ohum,

*SILVER RO = ON
Els CG i ps i

For Steel, Nickel and Glass,
best for your whee! —Grocers.

CLEAR

Mainville, was married to Herman Young ©

* | Philadelphia,

ee

 

YOUR
FACE

The clearest, smoothest, whitest s*'n,
free from wrinkle, pimple, spot or bless
ish, can be obtained by my special tndk
vidual treatments. If your complexion '3
clouded with moth, tan, frecales of
blotches; if your skin is wrinkied, er nilcJ
or blemished with pimples, Slacknesco +f
enlarged pores, it cen be speeaily aod
effectually cleared and rendered suioc!.,
healthy, and natural. Irritated, it ;
and eruptive scalps are nermanent!yc
and completely cleared of dandruf

 

 

and crust; the hair prevented from {al 3
and preserved; its lliancy, buster 4
natural color restored. Moles, a4

tattoo and powder marks, r no 4
veins, scars, birthmarks, supertiue ’
and all disficuring blemishes of wh r
nature, are completcly anc p.rma j
removed without pain, leaving no

of their former existence. Full on

tion, with illustrated book, fr Cs r

 

address John H. Wocdbuvy, 26 Wet 204

St., New York.

Woodbu
are made specially
and partfy (oe Duman shi

mm ee mee ee

MME. GARDNER,

! Soep and Facial an

face and tr cte

ry's Pact
fort

suld ever

2 ee ee

 

 

 

Latest French Hymenne C
MADE To) ORDER ONLY
Givos the extreone stra mont and low t ‘
dees not tuereare the wa et mes ure u t
Oorceodes niversally aly ih. te se
perror style. J), Snishand workmanel p
PERKY ECT FIT GPARANT b

63 WEST 2isT sT.

wee eee

_LADIES' TAILORS.

 

 

  

 

 

ment: jackets remod ted &
and remod dress ok cal
CLP SULT TAILORING oft
Tel. us for information. Tel. lhe Madivan S
ae —
zt cER, °
LADIF TAILO
12-14 Weet 23 , Near R’was.
or Mude Saite Te Or