PARIS BEAUTY FACTORIES.

wHo Grow RICH BY
LOVELIN

 

SPECIALISTS
WAKING PEMININE

 

 

siiiful Treatment of the Halir--Any De

color Supplied Remoulding the Female

form Divine -Complextons Made to Order
Corset Making as an Art,

  

ra Aonl J#--lf any woman comes to

ar ings with the laudable determination
t er physical defects there is no earthly
; phy herambition should not be gloriously
nr In Paris just now there is more feminine
bon eoated by science than by nature, more
physica voliness by direct application of reo
<4 mnging from hypnotism to hot water, than
} lt ripheritanee, and the powers behind
the of beauty dwell in what are called
ay Heauite They are all specialists
aev . r lives and their brains to the study
ol! morovement of the feminine form or face
diviy the artists of great fame who paint
I te for rich Americans earn no bigger in
er than me of these hair or complexion
e Some of them are women and some
of men. but all of them make their first
fs the creation of & successful actress

! cheme of advertisement ts simple enough
When a pur i} from the conservatory Is preparing
te me her first appearance under particularly
powerful patronage, oF Hof these fairy god moi
ers takes her in hand and for nothing at all ere
a rp her a feature. ‘To this are added fine

" no matter if the debut is a failure
M4 { Ig sure to find favor with the appre

 

audience, and the next day every
king of Mile. B.'s marvellous waist, or
or stunning shoulders, ‘Talk of
‘tes #& fashion, and to the

 

ciative Parts

 

a iw t
exquisite hale

rein Parts er

 

hats
. saute ariats who made Mile, B. famous, rushes
the feminine Parisian world
I) was a poor, unknown but burningly am
} ofpseur in a back court three Nights up
* id ta Hadinge’s bair ten years ago in
ant iules that stayed, and today he airs
Voneelf fy the Bois de Boulogne in the most gor
. nydoepepsive automobile ever seen in that
par The woman who made Rejane's figure
‘ ys her waist permanently at the
10 r ire, has one of the finest: studios
Htyation of the waiston a big boulevard
Vack of the opera house. ‘The man with the new
‘ r ‘ anee for restoring color togray hair
feo grow almost bald and gray himself from
v vce, While as to the caltivat rof lovely
ereator of supple beautiful leanness,
her tele runs now Into the thousands.
rin) with the eoiffeurs, ‘Their business
niy to arranize hairexquisitely but to guard
it from all the weaknesses that the human sealp
is ne to, foimpartto scantugly baira vigor and
gloss as well as a curliness without whieh no
beauty can of course be considered
ve Just drop inte the operating rooms
f the best of these artists and see him take
te hand{falofsbort and what are called
bitten locks into bis hands. The saddened
roof this uncompromising looking mass
ence bad nice brown curls and then
was ill, finally resorted to dyes, let the dye
fland then took to curling trons With the
nd gravity and attention of @ greatphy

inthe bead of the establishment questions
and listens He absorbs and makes elaborate
notes upon the whole history of the case, inquires

ther grayness and thinness of growth are he
vecitary, and then orders his assistants to examine
take samples of the hair and when

  

 

  

the sealt
fall microseopie and chemical investigation has
been made he decides on a treatment
\ remarkable appheation of coloring fluid
rh, electric baths is what they now give
cases of premature grayness. The process
long and exeiting and furthermore it) is
expensive The bead is washed and rubbed
end steamed and then a tinted oil is worked into
the open pores. Curiously enough a sweetly
perfumed White oil gives a brown tone, a faint
brown oi beings back a shining black gloss
and then electricity is expected to do the rest
after the clipping, stageing and brushing with a
huce revolving, softy bristled wheel has been
und roone

All these appliances give to the hair dresser’s
little mirror lined toilet rooms the appearance of

 
 
 

 

 

 

e modern torture chamber Down the ceil
dng. by green electric wires, revolvit 1
ers of various sizes hang, for sen “?
delicate and the tints of some hair so pale and
bewutful, that a dry cleaning is the only kind
given, since tl hairdresser has decided that
ere women wh oand injure the quality of
their hatrt by vy ing and brushing than through
any other agency All day long women are com

i in to have their heads brushed and the earlier

 

the hour the greater the number of visitors

Some women, like Lucey Gerard and Cleo de
\le come direct from their baths and break
{ for it is against their principles and the
order of their coiffeur to attempt even the simplest
arrangement of their locks unaided. Coming
1 er delicate luxurious peignoir over which a
leag dark cloak is worn through the street, the

taze beauty drops into a deep armchair and an
iotly attired young woman takes out the shell
pias and proceeds deliberately to comb the silken
tresses with her fingers Tangles are not rudely
torn from the mesh norlong precious strands up-
t but every knotted curl is patiently un
until the s fingers run from
ty dp unimpeded hen a wheel shaped
covered with long bristles as soft as camel's
is allowed to whirl over the head and down
tue white partings made by the assistant’s index

' This detaches and blows out every par
of dust and a little finger massage stirs the

Assistal

    

 

  

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

    

  
 

 

   

 

funder the skin After this, if itis the day

r ihe F steel tongs are brought forth and

{of heati surface of the metalover a

» |} wotongs tiled with hot water are im

Pp wf The water supplies the requisite in

t f heat without running any d yer «af

mn sir,and besides actresses htndreds

‘ ’ ir r ‘arisian fashionable women

during the day, slip into white silk peig

nd hiect their heads to the dry cleaning

| which is not only goood for the baie but

. endaches, the nervous attacks

! wesriness that come after a regular soap and

indeed, no matter what the conditions

fi t toda hatr dresserin Paris permit

4 jer bi ire to wo inte the tub. When

1 W tives in the fre ed partors, where

wads henge pebetneir f every tint ta

r linen that may. please her taste,

lia steaming The hairis incased

inale bag of the thinnest rubber, one end of
“ wat the f head, back of the ne

e r Steam is turned on and for nearly

vio the loeks, condenses on the sealp

, rip, drip. gees on until a proper

inline is reached The drying is

trice with an eleetric brosh. This

he thoroughts perfuming the tresses

nplished by steam, and this

rime inplies to dev hair just the

r teyeloss long and patient experiment

‘ it tien has the drving of hair

t bronght, that if a bk soragry

sa darker tint, one tr rent every

s is enough to hold the color bright and

1 reinst oll ve salt water tests Red is the

‘iMienlt to fix, unless the process of

i rine from the natural to the artificial color

{ mith and earried on gradually In

| {t is no uncommon sight to

{ twelve and fourteen going every week

sser for the changing of their sober

h wk loek Girls there are destined

reoor for smart society and their am
rs willingly undergo the trouble
entailed in order to secure for their
retre and so difficult of at

1 TPATIIT® So

s however tasis theirinfluence

 

     
   

 

 

 

t re poten rdvanced along the road
! 1 fr f heauty than the corset
Wonderf sh ! and supple bodies
' x cared for heads, and the
cial lone in Paris is a bus
i ing to millions of dollars a vear
rea how strong is the link that
iker to the ¢ et maker in this
Wiis
rreat mocdistes call a eonvention to
‘ s int stvle, nothing can
i! rset makers admit the pos
hooing stays that willeast the figure
' { julsite for the new form of skirt

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

t ‘ ago a staymaker in

| { ight front corset with @

r i demands of Worth and

I r \ had decided to move slowly

rationof the Louis XV. and AVI

t “ en refused to wear the corset,

thers putoon the thumb screws

flatly refusi to take an order

+t was fit over the new cor

’ i gave in and that staymaker

tir \ i) by fooling willingly

nut he made the waist bigger,

t longer,and now when he has a

ody noe human foree could crush

: corset, he turns her over te

r wer to the woman who keeps

rou im who brushes tlesh

Ase as a housemaid whisks

r the eold water witch cause

‘ ev tHuid on her vietims fre very

nposs and is even capabl her

f massaging and pounding « bstt

us tilled with finely shav ice.

Pr et her patient os first la na

with a wutter all around it edge,

rubber hose is turned on it plays

' and a steady spout first, from

{ then from that, and after a few

roving the thumping with ice filled

the offending flesh does melt

. 4 cordume to Hamlet's eloquently ex

} r \fter the spraying and thumping

rdered to run around the room,

i wn. wrapped in a flannel robe, al

; rest fifteen minutes and to eat a dry

cones halfa cup of hot, black coffee witha
mT '* hat tastes hike a delicious liqueur in it

= Miree treatments the bones begin

 

to sprout, first those around the neck come, then
@ good sharp elbow developes itself, and at last
the hip measure begins to shrink. Hip flesh is
the last to go, and this precedes the diminution
of the waist girth, Rarely does a subject prove
Wholly resistant to the cold water treatment
Plain wawr, directed from a sufficient beight
through a hose, will do as much as faith, namely,
move mountains, and it is therefore perfectly
logical to agree that less water through a smaller
hose directed at unstable human flesh, will break
down fatty tissues and bring out the solid bone
foundation

This reasonable conclusion has been practically
reached so oftenthere in Paris that no longer is
there an excuse fora clumsily fat woman, That
is what the corset makers insist, which accounts
forthe tremendous number of patients who meekly,
wineingly, shiveringly but hopefully stand the
shock of spoutiand spray, When the bones begin
to show, then the way back to the corset maker's
satin-lined littl boudoir is taken and the respon
sibility is left to her of bringingg the flesh bene
bones back into place

Virst the regenerate figure is lacedinto astraight
front stay, the back of which is laced in two see
tions. Bread, flat shoulders, prominent cellar
bones, long lean arms, the waist of an ant, hips
flat and without curve that is the rule for the
fashionable fleure to day To make the shoul
ders flat the brace is used and pulled up just one
button a day, then eased for twenty four hours,
fora flat back should not imply a stiff back, and
Where the shoulder blades protrude the figure
is looked upon as ill-proportioned and ungraceful
An outstanding shoulder blade implies a sunken
chest, and no military man beasts in propertion
& broader chest than the most modern Parisian
woman in her skimpy, skirted gown of lace or
Iberty tissue and her hair piled so high that she
towers above her stalwart escort

To add to her height she wears the extrame
pompadour heel to her shoe, whether by day or
night, and to complete her charm she alfects
the new powder rouge that only the microscopic
eye ean detect from the color that comes of high
health and fine living

Here is another loophole for plain woman s
escape from the curse of real ugliness. She
must indeed be a hopeless sort of creature who
fails to find damask cheeks and a lily brow in
some atelier of Paris, ‘There are still those beauty
parlors where rouge is daubed, powder dusted
and eyebrows penciled, but they are not the little
warm rose ahted boudoirs to which the smart
Parisienne and initiated foreigner go.

To get a complexion that is worth having and
guaranteed to wear, vou must have a card and out
of the dust and noise of the street you pass from
a court up a pair of stairs and into a pink and
white drawing room that looks as ifthe decorations
were done in curds and whipped eream and where
a velvet voiced young woman, Whose very presence
inspires confidence, takes you in hand. She
whisks you into a boudoir all to yourself, tucks
you inte a silk crepon and lace robe de chambre,
speaks tenderly to you, pushes your bead back
on a cushion and begins hero ations

There is a soft bright light overhead and vou
attempt for a while to wateh her mancuyres but
it is better to shut vour eves while she examines
you through a powerful lens and tells you your
skin is just the quality of such and sucha Duchess,
and that just alittle of this and that will reader it
quite ravishing First she w ashes cheeks, chin and
brow with a sponge hastily dried out from very
hot water. That relaxes all the nerves and opens
the pores and then with two tiny rubber headed
drumsticks she plays a rata-tat too, from one
end of your countenance to the other

After this a liquid of delicate odor and secret
composition is massaged in gently and what is
called eleetric air blown into the face, This last
smells ike a warm south wind wafted over a bed
of violets or carnations, and while you are trying
to decide whieh, you fall into a) profound end re

 

 

 

 
 

freshing slumber It does not last more than ten
minutes, the nap, but you w softly out oof it
to find that the voung woman is throwing man

shaded lights on vour face She is trving to
decide what tint of powder will suit your skin
best, and the varying nuances of color come from
thinnest sheets of crystal behind which there is
an electriclight Every ervstal sheet is matehe

by powder, a powder which when blown, not
smeared, on the face, produces exactly the rmal
tint of rose vour cheeks would wear were nature
kind enough to prevent this resort ta art When
the color is decided upen the powder is: blown
on by a new deviee, and if the decision ts that a

licate rosy radiance overthe while face is likely
produce a more natural effeet than at application

  

to
to the cheeks alone, the powder is applied and t
by the deftest touch in the world it is works din

 

and the surplus blown off, with an enormous
swansdown puff oon the end of an ivery stich

Finally, when the treatment Js over and you
sit erect in vour chair facing a long mirror, vou
realize for the first time that vou ere a particu
larly attractive young woman and that none
but vou and the young woman need ever koow
but what vour exquisite rose-| shin came
through other than health’s own ageney Go

as near the mirror as you please or roll in from
under a thick wreen shade the bard light of das
on vour face and the charm of reality is just as
keen and vour conscience is clear of the crime
of using rouge. You are simply wearing at nted
powder adjusted with infinite art te your clean
No pores logged and a dash
of cold water vall wash ita'l away, vet left alone
it will remain fixed for twenty four hours

Go more deeply inte the question of complexion
treatment with the young weman and she will
inform vou that these powders are letd on after a
treatment with peroside of bydrogen is given
and that in some cases they do use hyt notice foree
tw give the modern nervous woman whose facial
muscles are not at rest even when she sleeps, a
period of profound repose

With a little magnetism
ceasfully, she will assure an Interested listener
The patient is put inte complete relaxation and
then the face is bathed and massaged, but
enameling oh, nonever does the Parisian acire
op women of fashion submit to that nowadays
though we do sometimes make littl Drown micles
on the left cheek

softened skin are ¢

treat wrnki

we

 

AS

FOR A REVOLUTION ITN CHINA,

Reformers Raising Millions to Be Spent: in

Overthrowing the Empress Dowager.

Vancouver, B,C, April \lex Cumyou,
Foreign Secretary of the Chinese Reform As-
sociation, Canadian branch, is responsible for
the statement that a revolution is Imminent in
China. He says Chinamen have subseribed to
the revolutionary fund ao freely all over the
world that there are many millions of dollars
in the treasury and money 1s
freely in preparations to strike for the overs
throw of the Empress Dowager and the sate.

tion of China Tie
Long Ki Tin, who isa brother of Long Li Kei

1s

being spent

 

Chien, upon whose head a price has been put
hy the Empress Dowager, is now in Vietoria,
Bh. C., organizing the reform asso ination tn
British Columbia, The total amount sub-
seribed in British Columbia is $10,000.) This
sum was sent direct to headquarters Japan

Ouit the Church Rother Than Not Dance.
hr Milwaukee Sentine

Green Bay, April 14.—Asa result of the ad-
dition of several articles t »the eovenant of the
Baptist Church here a number of well-known
people who have heretofore been considered
smbers are no longer consid-
ered Baptists. The rules which caused the
trouble prohibited the members from attend-
ing dances, card parties or theatres at any time
of the year, This was too much for some,
especially the vounger element, and they re-
fused to subseribe tothe covenant as amended,

m the

 

good ehureh me

 

 

Good Corn Bread.

   

 

To THE !} roR OF THE SUN- Sir: Noticing
the several letters in THE SUN regarding recipes for
corn bread, &e., L took the trouble to send toa friend
of mine fia chmond, Va. for some of the genuine
Southern water ground corn meal and received from
him the inelosed letter, whieh 1 know will be of Inter
est to your readers hb Root,

NEW YORK, April 10

My DEAR SIR: I have the pleasure to comply
with your request of recent date lam shipping, per
oD twenty-five pounds fresh, Water grosne,
Southern meal, Now, when I got your letter t
thing that popped into my head was thet tle of
“What Wil He Do With It?
a good negro cook then

line

  

wer's boo
If you have
means of adding to yourregulardiet anew Pleasure

almay be the

put in the absence of the afore sald dorkey = the
chances are they will put sugar in it don't!

Besides the old fashioned pone there are corn muf
fins, corn cakes, hoe cakes, corn dodgers, serateh
backs, and last and best of all comes the famous ash

cake, really to enjoy which- well, go with mea hunt

ing

Get up early and walk up bill and down until vou
are tired; then wo with me toa co ‘spring under some
big tree, and rest get the old negro
woman to sweep back the ashes from the smooth
hearthstone. With deft hands she mixes the meal,
t into a round cake, drops iton a hot rock tt

oak while we

  

apes

is then covered with ‘red hot” ashes,

While the ash cake cooks she fisesa few slices of
Virginia “midlin,”’ the savory odor from whieh
greets yo hile 1 streteh on the ground. Your |

 

 

appetite increase

Presently the ashes are raked away and out comes

the cake piping hot Che ashes are then washed off
(but belng so hot the crustis dry again ina few mir
utes Next are seraped off any charred erumbs~ and

‘of the
" days so bright, so

e and mother

   

how itall reminds one of “bh

boyhood days down on the farm

happy, but gone, gone, Kone R. Cc. N
PRUCHMOND, April tf

To THE Eprron oF THE SUN—Sir Can tI
help on the corn cake > Ittsinteresting and the opin
fons are not allon the same line, and after fifty years’

trial one cannot help feeling that the Southern
er’s ts the true conception, of comes nearest our
ideal; that !s, it s nota cake we want, but the corn

pone, with the water, the lard, the flour and all sweets
eliminated, using only fresh ground white or yellow
meal, from sound corn, ground in the old mill or new
(not granulated or kiln dried), sweet milk, e@gs, salt,
saleratus, cream of tartar and a hot oven This for
breakfast, with fried bacon and coffee, will satisfy the
well and hungry. MAS, NELLIZ K. SHAW

GORHAM, Me

|
|

 

 

   

THE MERRY, MERRY MUSKI.

AN i STITUTION IN CAIRO WHICH
FASCINATES ALL TOURISTS,

If the Tourists Are Women, so Much the
Better for the Muski and the Worse
for Each Woman's Pocketbook ~ Char-
acteristics of the Place—Ratu in Catro,

Camo, March 31--If want to find out
how long au American woman has been in Cairo,
ask her if she has seeu the Mushi If she has a
wild, appealing look in ber eyes, as if she were
trying to dh@de whether the Muski might) be
fish, flesh or fowl, You may put her down as 4
wreenhorn of about twenty four hours’ standing
She looks the way an lish woman does when
you ask her if she likes fee cream soda, Is it
proper to say that she has never eaten it or to
say that she has neverdrunk it?) She doesn't
know And when Joanna Bull doesn't know
What is proper, she is a pathetic sight

So is the newly arrived American woman, who
can't for the life of her decide whether the Musht
is a man who goes up into the cheese bores on
the church steeples to call the people to prayer
or sume kind of & Mohammedan. Later, she
remembers that the former is a muezzin and the
latter a Moslem, but at first all Coons look alike
toher. However, sbe finds out mighty soon what
the Muski is Apy American woman who has
been in Cairo forty-eight hours can tell her and
does, Then the newcomer goes Muskiward and
that settles it, Promptly the pyramids dwindle
and the sphinx becomes commonplace The
American woman has found the place where she
henceforth spends her spare Une, also her money,
spare and otherwise

The Muski is a street. ‘The two legged beasts
of prey who drive the cabhorses of Cairo look
pleased when a foreigner comes along aud says
“To the Muski"’

The wily creatures know what that means
With a pistel crack of the whip they are off, Past
the big hotels, with their great terraces where
tourists sit and watch the snake charmers, jug-
glers and venders of a hundred fakes. Past
the Ezbekiveh Garden, where the banyan trees,
which haveso many branches thatsome of them
turn into roots- stick up their noses, so to speak,
at the tall, tall palm trees whieh have no branches
atall Past little heaps of clothing on the side
walk Inside of each heap is a man or a@ bey,
fastasieep. Past the boundary of the new quarter
and into the Mushi, the centre of life in old Cairo

Apparently_every human being and every ani
mal that lives in the native quarter woes Uhrough
the Muski at least once a day — The street is
narrow and ts impartially oecupled by camels,
donkeys, borses and cartilages, water carrers,
goats, veiled women, blind men, now and then @
white-robed sheikh and now and then a lone
haired Dervish all mixed up in a bewildering
turmoil in the midst of the confusion alone
comes @ gay marriage procession, headed by
men playing on so called musical instrumerits
And nest comes another group, carrying a coflin
covered with a gay cloth and followed by black
rohed women, who wail every now and then in a

 

 

you

  

 

 

manner which would certainly raise the dead
man if there Was the ghost of a ehance for hin
This is the Muski, The first time yeu see it

Idd our head and

especially if vou have a ce

   

can'tsmell you are glad s have come to Carr
You think that the Mushki alone is worth (he try
But it isn't the came nor the sheakhs, dor the

 

ns Which lay bold upen the imagination

 

   

    

 

  

 

 

   

SS

 

SUCCESS IN LIFE

COPYRICHTED.

~ ‘ re

SUCCESS IN Lif Lc.

What you accomplish in life will depend 4
much, and possibly more, upon your Liver and
Stomach than upon your Brains, Liver trou! le
and Dyspepsia prevent the accomphaiment of
many ais, induce early decline apd nay de-
feat your purposes in life, Whatever the oapa-
bilities may be, of persons subject to Meadache,
Dyspepsia, Neuralvia, Piles, Constipation, Ma-
laria, frequent bilious attacks, Kidney disease,
etc,, it will be difficult for them to cope with
those free {romsuch ailmgnts. Sulferers should
bear in mind that a ra¥enous appetite is no
indication of a good digestion. A fact unprecé.
dented and most gratifving to the originator of
Wells’ New Tonic Treatment, is that, in a wide
tfange of application; in many differ
eases, not a single case has yet been reported
wherein the Treatment has failed, Millionsare
continually doctoring to Go purpose What-
ever your disease may be, try this New Treat-
went and sce if it doesn’t fit your case exactly,

Your Weak Spot.

If at all times, or if just at THE time when the
most nerve or the steadiest nerve is required,
ou are shaky, neryou and unreliable; if
acking robustness, torce, recuperative power,
aygressive snap and fire, Weils’ New Tonic
Treatment is what you want In modern
medicine this New Treatment is to disease
what electricity is to light, power and locomo-
tion. It maintains virility in man, robustness
in women and children, You may have a
weak stomach, a bad liver, poor digestive force,

 

 
   

 

   

    

or may be saturated with malarial poison.
Whatever vour difficulty try this treatment
Without perfect digestion the blood is im-

overished and the system poorly supported,
Von age prematurely, grow gray rapic ly, are
fretful, nervous, weak, Irritable ; you are

FAILING,

rowing thin, or if fleshy,are we
The kidneys are disturbed, there is an uneasy
hurting in smallof the back: headache, indiges-
tion, a dormant or a too active, irritable liver;
neuralgia ; nervous weakness; heavy disturbed
sleep; palpitation, social indifference , you are
listless, indifferent, melancholy; energy and
force is gone; in short, vou feel mean! Miser-
abie!! For these and many other distressing
ackage of Weil's’ New

 

 

 

 

 
 

   

conditions, a single

Tonic Treatment and in many cases a few dvuses
will be all that is needed tor relief and cure. In
the race of life, time, health, strength and vigor
are ail important d you cannot afford to
allow this New Treatment to go untried, Do

not wait till you are completely worn out, try
itnow. Itis working wonders everywhere,

You Can’t Live.

If you can digest you can eat, if you cannot eat
youcan’tlive. Ifyou maintain your appetite
a good digestion ¢ Tong nerves, you can
repair can better repel and out-live
disease or juences of over-work, ex-
posure, of i drains on the system

  

Waste,
the conse

any Wast

 

.
na

     

 

   

   

 

    

  

  

   

   

   

 

FOCESNE st ; flesh and e, ous
and the pocketbook of the American woman man! maintait ul t
It is the bazaar attachment You do not t | e 1 appetite
mention bazaars to the brigand who is doing the | w doses of Wella’
driving, When a foreigner says “Mushi that | ¢ strenyvthens and
means the bazaars, and ones vou are sw “ tinal direstion,
up in th: bazaars, your coachmar ws that | e Liver. es
he can gossip with bis friend itside, whil » | ! bia dder
minutes grow to beurs and your carriage bill | S rdache,
swells any ameunt you mn be browbeaten | ralgnia, palpitation
into wiving

The bazaars are @& tetwork Ob Narr stes NEW LIFE

rtially covered by makeshift awt it | | e
shors Weyouy ant to disnify t ut! | Possibly you do not real even at cand Co
are about large enough to swing a “eM | vears or over, that vou are ageing e decline

Net anywhere near large enough to perforn has been so gradual that yor lonet notice until
that traditional feat with aeat During the dav | gy at onec 4 ition of partial, sometimes
the front of every shop is entirel \ | ent : potence in will power, in nerve
order that there may be absolutely tot r b \ ree, is realized. Here is where
tween vou and temptation Ih one lane are the «’ New lo “ment is supreme: at this
silk merchants, in another sou buy ves, | tant jun is a REJUVENATOR. It
vou d brass One entire lane Is eceu dbs t REVIVES, starts up the
the makers of red leather slippers. [tts dark, vou cores the capaci
and if sou stand at one end and downit ibilities of vounger davs to exceed
vou feclas if vou had looked at the sun ands I ® HOF dof, Vt puts Ner
see nothing naw but dozens of red spots agaist It livbter e rpirits, brighte:
dark hess I'he silver and gold workers congere | ps the brain, relieves from melan
vaie in another lane the dealers in rug weit a omy forebodings, Its power to
rugs and dealers would be better for at! | antain and perpetuate t igor of youth
disinfecting in another, and the ent an iddle age, in both men and women, into
would make Ananias seem like the extreme old age, has been and {s being amply
James of antiquits nstrated, : .

Three out of four of the women who come
Cairo go to the Muski and buy ‘Turkish wk

 

It is impossible te cater
felderly spinsters who

embroidered in gold
late exactly the number

 

 

    

 

 

   

 

 

 

 
 

  

   

 

 
  

 

   

 

  

  

 

   

 

 

   

 

    

 

 

EN, GIRLS.

natthe change of life, or at pa

WOM

Por v

 

ul

  
  

 

 
 
  
 

     

 

      

  

 

 

   

   

 

    

 

  

 

 

 

 

  

     

     

          

   

 

     
   

 

  
       

 

   

have in their trunks at this moment: kittenish Mathai Bitccass : is
boleros suggestive of harems and pPpes made of periods, ee ney Tome lreatment Is a stay
garden hose with a mouth-plece at one end and Oras ee weal Teneving | tie
a water bottle at the other. There is a fatal fe helpde Ait Mie Ad taconite es nlp Some
cination about the jackets. It doesnt on pact Pon a ve tte, per ioe 5 a
anv difference how much of 4 woman's head cuore a MBE) TORINO
ix above her ears that being the testof intellect a prio, EN er
vality. they all buy  boleros If any of tt shiek wi yarert n dow ar 1s
Sorosisters ha been in Catro this winter there ba —~ } “ ¥ ipee ee ae balan ae
will be boleros at next vear's breakfasts at : \ ’ vest co + eat
Astoria. If any of the Rainy Datses have got a ed: wery Sere Se
out of their sphere and into ratnless c, ih ” a Pe e a be. }
may be stated right bere that a Tu ake = oe na ’ ; ve ; gs ane
will be annexed te the official costume bhext winter | ¢ , von Ppa in PS
The most exciting incident inca trip to bags pt | oti F irene ,
is beng alternal miked and caste earn. { wit ST a aie *
Great Pyramid by ree ioe ‘ seat t + necessa er
this comes bargaining in the | \ ; . oe
7 of the dealer there are fat and there isa § Arg att VELOPMeHs, it 16 MPOFA ‘nd
reaseD for their leatitiess : sine qT d wie “
especially if vou are Duyvitie Doteros he she °
em to goin pairs; one near the entrance to the | Fat or Thin Peo ple.
lane, the other futher in) ‘The buyer is natura
supposed to be in ignorance of this hip, | An abr rmally rapacious appetite in a
Sie supposes that all the shopmen adiy | morbid conditier digestivetra
als Also she knows, for the guide t kh tells corr ne ¢ re tha bach
her so, that she ought not to give more than one | People are (iin, or take on a bloated ¢
halfor two thirds of the price Ast asked forany. | fatness, and so, use of
thing when one of th Orientals asks | fee hive iu ncompiete a
her 35 shillimes for whet wee mente tare the . i ! ti efor : e
IS Irving to curry r with Mohamed by cl t irate with the dem 1s of, or the waste
ing a Christian and st cides to thwart him in ysical organization, Wells’ New 7
She takes a mental brace, tries to look as if she | : € the sheet anchor of health the
wouldn't plek up é acket If it retned cret « g life. a ip leye
bartorr and offers hi His face | ent »mach's digestive f sis also an
Isassrood as a plays f tle | a Cort att of impaired digest
but sorrowful tones t sh weuld | : n 's : " P er. ond at ty
Know the very last pre m Ts ; plied ats - ao ae r
that the last price at \ | assures appy medinm © \
well, itis SO shill } Bol lean, and lessens the habiiily to
Now, rucht here is where these muski teers |
have figured out a shrewd sehen ma » en
have figured cut a shrewd He uitesaet | Apoplexy, Paralysis,
finally his customer, repeating to herself the | Softening of the Brain oie, ee
half or two thirds” formula . hook, | ia Ori . Ae ae ort Janke ne ‘a
¢ on to another stall Sy st ites | Histad CANCE “| '
he comes to a place where she finds jackets sir : el :
arte the ones for whteh she ba 1 been asked 5 Lig a Ay in gest, ¥
So shillings, but this man wants 1 sh gs. | 7 ie hs eae 7 b i en
Hoot, mon’ she says te him, or words hat} aio. : aa ;
effect J can bus them for a Wins, thet & tIOR INS Y a est using
same thing Phe dealer loot seepheal and | > ” t ; . H 3
sticks to bis pree Shire eps on finding dupl ‘Ab :
ea In evervihing but price, and the funni Oe
part of 11s that the same jackets are arted ba oe
and forth from one sta meet th Ren
vibrations of t , ha ’ Sa
the SO-shilling pla ba her ot Sa Weak
with something while he ds his assistant | mrery Sey
ranu eoffto the 4d-shilling place for ‘ ts =
raf ti |. DEATH.
ne 1 Ths “ i Vv ma V
d ze t notice that the tw are pt | [tis better to corre nd strengthen the digeste
the strings together thins ‘ is wetting | ive power than to be obliged to diet, to eat this
a berg whe e hus for Mo ings the or iat ly r to live on spect y prepared
same kind of a jacket oshe doesn't know itis so-called foods, Ifthe syste + not maintained
same identical jacket) that another dealer per ata normal condition of flesh and fat, an’! kept
sists in valuing at dO shillings As forthe dealers constantly freed 1 calcareous and earthy de-
they. know they are plaviny a suse game ‘The 1 from effete matter by means ot the
40-shilling piece catches a few customers, who xestion of an ample food suppl
haven't discovered the cheaper branch, while t must be emia: tation, af resent or an carly
with the expensive place as a foil, the i ,oran unhealthy, flabby tatness; an in-
ling branch ts nearly dead sure of making } y to wit ant 1 exposure bility to Kid
Some people go to the Muski on donkeys, ride | ney diseases ¥ 1 bladder affectic , Sensitive
off into the lanes which are accessible to four | tos inge of seasons; provueness to Neuralgia
footed creatures, and do their bargaining with Pain in the groin, liability to frequent Grip
out dismounting. It is a lovely sight to see a lr n hial Uttac ks OF 1 neumonta, ar Jaliabil tv
rotund American woman, on a little twenty two: | to any Jisease flesh is heir to nid single pack:
calibre donkey, madly buying a lotot queer things | oe vd he - a i. cone Play ee ao
BC se conditions, © 0 $0 fF C n

whieh she will be willing to urade off, when ste
gets them home for some 4#cent articles off
a bargain counter

 

 

the atmosphere here which makes women bus
long glass bead chains. brass necklaces ex
acty like those the other that is to say, like
ose the donkeys wear called flags made
of bricht pleces of cotton cloth stitched together

 

in patterns and a dozen ether things whieh will
never see the light of a New York day. It's part
of the contagion of the Muski

Ifit were the only contagion about that cheerful
thorougiifare it wouldu't te se bad One would
rather carry away a Whole load of glass beads
than to find one's self gratuitously presented with

 

a case of Exyptian sore eves. ‘That happened
toone American woman this winter The Muski
is gaudy but not neat, as the monkey should

have said when he painted bis tail blue Tt is
never clean, What it was after the rain a few
weeks ago words, luckily, cannot deseribe. but
then the rain was most unusual ‘The theory
is that it never rains in Cair As a matter of
fact it rains about once a year, so that Mexandagp
cab make unpleasant remarks about) Cairo’s
sewerless condition

This time it rained pretty
and behold’ Cairo became ajperfect Venice, but with
out gondolas. The water ply in the
streets because it had “no place to go butin.” and
it takes time for a street full of water to getinto
the ground Carriages were up to the hubs in
the water and people had to be carried from door
steps across the sidewalks and deposited in ve
hicles which shipped water at every lurch For

hard for a few hours

 

  

stowed

 

 

hours the streets of Cairo remained raging canaw!
and then the fire department began to fight this
new enemy The steam engines pumped the
water out of the principal streets inte less fre
quented thoroughfares. In front of the bis he
tels they made a niud bank around the sidewalk
al the foot of the steps and then with brooms
they swept the water out of this inclosure

that the guests could go to and from the car
Fringes \ score or more carts came and about

two hundred men bailed the water out of the street
with buckets, filling the carts, which were then
driven off to streets, Where the water was
dumped. Oh, there are lively times when Chiro
takes its annual bath’

 

 

Cairo’s bath, however, produces the entirely
unnecessary result of making the town dirtier
than ever and the Muski the dirtiest spot in ib

Even an American woman, pining in her secret
soul for a Turkish jacket in which tw array her-
self, avoids the Muski at such 4 time, but it isn’t
for long. She gets out like Noah's dove as soon
as there is a dry spot for her to alight upon, and
it is in the Muski that she spends her vast dey
aud her last ceat in Cairo

There is some glamourabout |

 

end that permanent cure will be seen to be
inevitable

 

| e
| Regeneration.
Regeneration is not too strong a designatic
of the remarkable restorations to be: a
Ry ul, nervous and dyspept
felis’ New ‘I

onic Treatment. |

Ir}
ith,

 

wrer
there hast

 

 

   

 
 

 

     

an undermining or over-taxing of the brain and
nerve centres, if you lack in virile power, if
debilitated by La Grippe. or if you lack in any
way, the wer of quick recuperation, con't
fa 1 to tty this t Treat: € t It prevents
the pitiable condition of a senile old age. When
the recuper: wers » waniny, Wells’
New Tonic Treatment is afood in that it suy

 

fi s the essential elements of nutrition the
*hosphites, Tron, Lime, Potash, Soda, Manga-
nese, etc. It isan exhilarant, a vitalizing brain
and nerve tonic, an invigorant, and a general
rejuvenator. Promptness, wide range of use
fulness, the small amount of. and the short
| time it need be taken, are characteristic
| this unprecedented New Treatment.

It isin $1.00 packages at retail or wholesale
Drugwists, or they will get it for you, or it w
be sent promptly_to any address prepaid by
mail on receipt of $1.0

kL. 5. WELLS, Chemist, Jersey City, N. J.

 

    

 

    

 

PATO CLEARS OUT

ty Water Bugs,
Roaches,

fed bugs, flies, ants, Moths, ra a

   

rrows,

 

CEs ~

 

 

‘Animal Heat. -

Bome of the first indications of beginning ree
troyrression, in fact, of approaching dissolution
are cold extremities, or its oppe« site, rushes of

  

   
    
 

bivod to the head, frequent severe Loadaches
and neuralgia, threate congestion of the
brain and Apoplexy, or deterioration of mind
and possible paralytic premonitions If you

feel you are weakening or lucking in vitality,
and animal heat; if tene rd a state cf
lost usefulness,use Wells’New Tonic Treatment,
It will expel lurking, discase germs, malarial
taints; brighten your sluggish, worn out, un-
tupported brain, and freshen your haygard
countenance It will quicken and maiotain
energy, mental and nerve rye, and physical
vigor, when despondency, melangholy and
gioow will desert you.

Consumption.

That form of wasting debility, frequently taken
for and often leading to Consuinption ; Bron.

   

  
 

 
  
 

  

 

chitis: Kidney Disease; Scrofuious Complaints
and Catarrhal Throat Disease; are almost al-
ways due to lack of nourshment, due to an in.
perfect performance of the liver’s work and
a bad state of bowel and stomach digestion,
Consumption of t! lungs, of the Nasal Cavi-
tres (Catarrh), of bronchial passages, or

    

kidneys— Bright's Disease—‘in most cases, the
result of this continued wasting and consequent
degeneration of the blood) mase rapid inroads
in low states of v soon the weaker
organs, the lungs or kid , the bronchial
tubes, or the Catarrhal Tracts break down and
are consumed iu the wreck,

Pulmonary
Consumption.

In wasting diseases extra ‘nutrition, obtained
without effort of digestion and without wear
and waste of vital forces, is indispensable
Aside from tonic, exhilarating, curative, and
alterative properties. Wells’ New Tonic Treat:
ment isa concentrated food, in that it suppl

t essential elements of nutrition- the Ph
Pc tash,s

     

 

 

 

5.
ia, ete
y consump-

 

a, Marganese
auvions of pulmon:

yhites, Lime, It
At the first in

    

 

 
  
 
 

 

 

tion in its earliest, incipient staye, Wells’ w
Tonic Treatyment, it taken in time, should in
every case rest it and restore the patient;
in the intermediate staves, it should greatly
retard, if it does not fact completely
arrest the di e and prolk the life of the

 

lungs are con-
nsumed, it should
sease, and prolong

patient indefinitely, where |
siderat in fact largely c
retard the ravages of t!
life. it may be for years, 17 building up, t
alterative and the life sustaining power
Walls’ New ‘onic Treatment is marvelous

Wasting Away.

proportion to the
» decline because
food of @
Ja physique
and dige

    

ed

    

of

If your frame is over large in
vital organs, you are lable
of vour inability to eat and
nourishing nature, sufficient t
out of proportion to thea
P wer. Men oftall, lank b

feet and hands, unless the

    

 
 
  

 

  

     

for sta nutriti

and vigerous re

cline from inability

For such persons Well :

nt is important, and indispensav
Por those debilitated by consumption or any

  
 

 

wasting Cisease, itis doing a great work, curing

serious, extremely difficult cases that were
seemingly beyond hope of recovery Ita stay
ing, exhilarating. bract building up, sustain-

   

ing, strengthening and tonic

immeasurable.

Inherited Disease.

On account of its surprising eficacy and as-
tonisuing cures Wells’ New [Tonw Treatment
has attracted wide-spread attention When
Catarrh, Consumption, Kidney or Liver Dis-
ease, any inherited taint or predisposition to
weakness of anv kind is known to exist, if due
xercised long lifemay bereached, Wel) ’
New Tonic Treatr $s invaluable in building
up and tortifving t system, not only against
threatened, but ia a nsof Consum

properues are

 

 

care is é

 
      

    

        

tion, Nasal Catarrh, ( r tions,
Kidney and Liver D ac, ety nulates
the Liver, the Glands Pexcrementory organs
the entire system, to disea SIStINg, aha
health restoring cohdition, It cures nervets

   

 

sness, breaks up nigit sweats, LDanishes the
flush and the hacking cough of debility,

Catarrh.

     

  
  
 

 

 

      

    

 

Consumption, Cancer, Tumors, °
| unt, Constitutional Neuralgia 1
by cal treatment alone ‘
1 and the system lacks st le secur
>that wi ig} 18 for rte it
3 and pr lise ust
Wells’ New Tonic Treatment
mmended to pefsonus whe may
tn angerous
urs t above
It ta
t » fite ¢€ en es
to Catarrh, Scrof mors, Paresis. Kid
tion, linputence

 

New raigia, La Grippe,
Decline.

 

    
    
    
 

1 Decline g When

§ below a health,
prey t

and

trow

e heart

Bul

and ow

yn, a bright
iv nerves a

   

    

    

Ase. restorative in the
t and heart weakness f g Le
( ¢, itis prompt and remarkably effective

Brain Force,
Vital Power

of a restor mn of the vitalits

isthe value
ry

 

ve force of fo

    

          

      

 

    

 

ner days? ofvir le powe
rugged health? for even an approxi!
va) of the fire, vivacity and vigor yout
brain is no tinually reinforced
Powers ) even perceiy
t i crf t
: hy ler
j ] e Vital Force re ob bu
u tiasl t t the g I “
tv 4 me 4 t r { 4 ’
t to use the me t 1 to increas
recuperative power, rea h the ggal vou tain
woud win: Wells’ New Tonic Dreatment is
within ur reac!
7 Te e
Vigor, Vivacity.
Mental strain or nervous excitement."La Grip;
‘ ss it | ar ( t
Cuperative powers ce ess

the appetite and enteeo
. earts lor
aired, thee
shattered saad trenmiule

or nuinbress in the miu <
»; tnreatencd paraly
ess in the head and

i
the

   

     

ic

    

 

 

tiut; aversion t ety an itupena

apse iu so far as a vigorous axgressive

neerned To prevent or remecy such coz
ditions, all doubts as to the ethca of Well
New Tonic Treatinent will be dispelled by the

 

use of a single package

Getting Older.

At some age, all feel they are declining more
ot less in energy, force, strength and steadi
ness of nerve power, If at this — vou begin

 

 

  
 
 
 

    

   

  
   

  
  
 

the use of Welis’ New Tonic Treatinent, vou
will be more than gratified at its prompt action
in putting vou in vigorous condition, even t
tx ve old age, AS we row r the ve
tend to a bluish, shrivelled, hardened

tion, the cir ation is impeded and decli
rapid. This idition of t

or senile iiency ts correc

Ne © Treatment. It mas

   

ef iggit >

  

 

 

in fact at it comp ores t

powers of both me en; that no suc
rome as Wells’ New Tonic Treatment, as 4
pl pt at ertain, renewing apa V

 

agent has ever been produced, an 1 only
to prove the tacts

few doses are necessar

It is in $1 oo packages at retail or wholesale
Druwwists, or they will wet it for you, ort will
be sent promptly to any address prepaid by
gailon receipt of $1.0 - :
S. WELLS, Chemist, Jersey City, N. J. e

 

 

 

 

 

 

-==LONG LIFE.

Headache,
BILIOUSNESS, DYSPEPSIA,
MALARIA, PILES, CONSTIPATION,
PALPITATION, NEURALGIA,
LA GRIPPE,

Nine of the most common ailments, and vet
no certain, safe, simple, convenient, perma ent
cure, until the introduction of Wells’ New
Tonic Treatment, Qn account of its peculiar
efficacy and almost miraculous cures this
New Treatment has attracted wide attention
and great interest everywhere, thus proving
what is possible in this age of marvelous
achievement. Equipped with this New Treat-
ment, itis safe to say that you are prot against
any of the above affections and many other
more serious complaints,

DISEASE GERMS.

IMPORTANCE OF WELLS’ New Tonic TREAT-
MENT,

The “germ” theory of disease is now an ac-
cepted fact, and, according to the degree of
exposure, all flesh is more or less subject, at all
times, to attacks of the Typhoid, Cholera, Scar-
let Fever, Diphtheria, Malaria, Small Pox, Con-
sumption or other microbes, Discase germs
enter the system through the medium of food
or water, by means of contact, or the air wo
breathe, Persons notin good health, those who
are debilitated, nervous, dyspeptic, bilious,

Haggard and Pale,

are ready subjects of attack, and are less able
to repel disease germs and still less capable of
neutralizing and outliving the dangerous in-
roads of microbes, No doubt the best food end
water in daily use is laden with millions of
microbes, but happily the gastric juice of the
stomach destroys them largely and thus im-
munity from their ravages 18 secured; but jf
tivestion is feeble (deficiency of gastric Juice)
ard there is a debilitated condition, here isa
susceptible field, an inviting receptaclé as it
were, upon which disease germs readily fasten
and rapidly thrive,

Epidemics, Contagion
With the above facts in view, the value of Wells’

New Tonic Treatment to every household and
to every traveler, 1s apparent and beyond esti-

 

COPYRICHTED.

be fully informed as
thy

In order that you rr
to what

| Long Life.

sage of grand
called to

snow possible in
tention ts

accompliolument, yout
tlo Joss than marvelous, Wells?

dat which isl

New Tonite 7
Avix us nea

culation of blood

which ¢ foreign toit.a

anda full cite
»the elements
and well balanced
as to the life susiai wy elements it should
contain. this is the secret not « of @ long
life, but of a virorovs maniood and a thrifty
worm 1. Sti the it, tone up the
nerves, fortify dip esiion, regulate the liver, Cote
rect mal-assimilation of food by use of Wella’
New Tonic Vreatisen ! you have

Going Back.

; life is to supe
ontinuous recue
secured only
1 action of
d intestinal
reme i

witha perfe
thotis

 

ure as be

 

    

the

 

 

To maintain health and prolon
ply waste (forw h rapid and ¢
md thin §

 

 

re r NeCEs Me
y masataininyy a pr
the liver, and a perfcet stomach a
digestion, ‘To r this end t
an Way A} 1

ment
contains it w
stive functions in condite

 

      

perce

 

vi
aside f

   

    

H
pre
const

 

headaches
; neuralgiag

1; la grippe, ete,
; renew vitalityg

 

tion; biliousness: p
nervous weakness; pa
At will lighten your
tone up the system,

Heart Failure.

if bealth and strengts
Wells’ New

   

   

Teart failure has no pl
be kept at vigor iy tt by using

‘fonic Treatment, It is tonic to a heart weake
ened or @ system debilitated by la grippe. Is
any case of prostralion or cShuust irom
which it seems difficult to rally, Wells’ New
‘Tonic Treatment ia a eure and safe resort.
Little or no appetite, and werk, feeble, impete
fect or disturbed digestion sasiow, fitful
or weak c reulation, (witiy dle intermittent
rushes of blood to the head), headac! neue
ralgia, cold extremities, biood poor in life»
givis loments, lencv to Diabetes, to Kide
ney Dis . & weak heart and a liability te
heart te * Wells’ Ne nic Treatment
cures M ia, brightens the ‘in, steacies the
nerves, regula the liver t to the
appetite, th to the stomach, power te
digestion, force to the cireulat. oo

Physical Development.
The ignoble, almost pitiable physical develope
ment (especially noticeable aniong men)isduc ig
some cases to inberilance, bt nore trequerite
ly the result of poor nutrition. The eppetite
and digestion may be fairly good, but if the food
geems to do little more than barely keep you
alive, assimilation {s d tive. Full and fare
monious development of flesh and muscles cane
not be had nor maintained, it t nee ofan
appetite ardad tion rion to the
pnysique; but fully asi ? arapid and
@ correct assimilation—t s a prompt selece
tion and appropriation & stem, of the
elementsin the digested food necessary to the
abuncant nutrit and ple ft t 1
theanimal economy, Well,’ New Tor ft
ment, as the modern appetizer, ¢ ‘
romoter of Milatior Salone a t .
Hr wil ipply Phosphit me ‘ t
Manganese and Iron; elements always lac
in an ill supported system It will enable
you to sustain animal heat, a for
hood, 2a vivacious w nhood, a we eve
oped physique, amy flesh nt ‘
vigorous nerve force and procreative abili
and at sarne t prevent corpulency
dency to obesity or flabby fatness.

7 . .

Stamina, Vitality.
It frequently happens that, th h the appee
tite, digestion and general health seem fairiy
good, there exists a dormant listiessness, a lack
of virile power, of vivacily ail Vigor, an in-
differeuce to, or lack of t in. the things
that were once a delight; ar ith manv, when
brain and will power are also good, there is
still an indescribable sense of 2 « y.
These conditions indicate an inherent weak
ness, or slow r erative power, or may be
due to an over<onsumption of nerve force,
caused by overwork, } a Grippe, irregular
habits, indiscretions or excesses « 10 kind
w h foreshadow a premature declin Wells!
New Tonic Treatment cures Biliousness, kills
Malaria, prevents Typhoid; res.ores the de-
nleted exhausted nerve centres; renews enerey;
imparting steadiness to shattered nerves, St
bility and endurance to the entire constitution,

Ie

   
   
  

 

 

 
 

 

    

 

 
 
 
 
 

 
    

 

 

mate, If at all times you keep yourself in con-
dition with this New Treatment, and especially
if yy epidemics af any disease or in the

   

of contagion, ote promptly fortify
with this great Treatment, the danger
of your becoming a victim would be great)

reduced, or altogether averted, Travelers, tt
supplicd with Wells' New Tonic Treatinent
may with comparative safety visit or remain
in Tropical or Arctic climes—in any climate,
where subjected fo extreme, protracted heat

   

    

          

   
     

or cold, to dry or wet seasons, interior food
and bad water, Epidemmes or Contagion. By
its wondrous ton exhilarating, alterative,
strengthening. correcting and sustaining power,

it decreases also the liability to

Cancer, Tumors,

Paralysis, APOPLEXY, and many other danger-
nus conditions, The fluids of the body are made
acrid 1ous through incomplete er im-

ert ach and intestinal digestion; the

lood is weak 1 in its proper elements, and
londed with substances foreign to it that are
disease engendering—a fruitful cause of
la Grippe, Kidney and Bladder
Neuralgia, palpitation, and ot
there is Constipation, coated t¢
eto witite of the eyes, a clay
: or gre
flatulence and belching of wind, if there is
a heavy weight or lump inthe throat or chest
after eating, or if there are colicky pains or an
nflamed, tender, irritated, dfstressed con-
n of the Stomach, and especially if there is
tead, dry, dormant, inactive condition of the
Stomach and the intestinal tract,

Diabetes, Paralysis
or Nerve Palsy

may follow; or worse, if the food sour in the
stomach or in the bowels and pass through the
same too quickly, partly or wholly unc sied,
or remain and give to the Stomach the feeling

hough it were a soured cesspool, conditions
are present most dangerous to health ; the pro-
ducts of such digestion are worse Lhan Useicss,
are harmful, producing Congestion, Inflamma-
tion, Malaria, Headache, Milious Diarrhava, La
Grirpe, palpitation, disease or disorder in some
Piles. Fever, Eczema Rheumatism, Gout,
loating, Diabetes, Dropsy, Cancer, Tumors,
Pi moles, Hives, Blotches, Skin Diseases, Paresis,
Neuralgia, Kidney and Bladder disease, are tre-
guent results of such digesuon; Wells’ New
Ponte Treatment will cure these conditions aa
if by magic~in a few doses,

Robust.

If below par, Wells’ New Tonic Treatment
will surprise you, in that it will please and

 

     
 
  

   

       

      
 

 

   
  
 

   

    

like, or a dark
y skin, biliousness, bad breath,

     

 

 

 

  
   

 
  

    

       

    

  

   

   

 

      

 

 

 

Heart Pailpitation.

In most cases Paipitation of the Heart and bad
tion, If the

form

   
   

blood is the result of poor 4
heart is repeatedly ayitated by

 

weakened by an enfet 1
every pulsation of the }
is carried to
can health, good condi
pected? How important th
sound as to its const:
from substances foreig
to enter the circulation
fect d

the remotest

 

 

 
 

 

ligestion, ure \

 

enly by mainta

   

Dy prog

        
    

help you even bevend your most sanguine

} expectations, Its action is pro- a isultless doz nand f

t d noticeable from the firs’ dose; it of food. Happily the mea: now at hand ia
will y lift vou up, strengthen vour weary Wells’ New Tonic Treatment t ure thisend,
brain and overtaxed nerves, It is a brain

and nerve tood, a prompt invigorant, almost a
miraculous rejuvenator and anenduring Tonic.
Atew

Blood Danger.
is superseding
J impurities,
: ind
isappear
ot proj
( nerve
i OT,
periy digest a nable
Wells’ New Tonic Treat-
gestion and equal
din the remarke
itis

 

utment
t of

Wells’ New Tonic Tre
old ideas in the tre
by hives, pimple
diseases will, as if
secure acontinu
constituted blood,
force, and animal he
one must eat and pr
amount of tood daily
ment willstrengthen d
circulation, Itis unprec
able benefits and alm

 

 
 

  

nstr
and will work wonders in your
t Worus fail to adequately descrbe its
st rem le virtues, Its uplifting, renew-

vw, exhilarating, restorative and tonic effects,
must be feit to Le fully appreciated.

Youth.

It is thought an approach to perennial youth
n be attained, if the direstive forces be

loses will dem tie

claimed for skin
To
erly

    

Ss use

   

      
  
 

  

 

edent
t miraculous cur

    

 

    

     
   

e
tained so that excesses ot calcareous, pertormipg. When your blood is be

. ry and effete matter be eliminated from toc hick or too thin), the circuls

t tern, You are less nimble, as you age, », o ow feel t weary, wret

because of the deposit of foreign matter inthe miserable and down k and seemingly

tissues of the nerves and musc.es, The flow of beyond help and hope very, remember

the blood and fluids oft ly are retardedas wiiat is claimed for Wells’ New Tonic Treae

   

nt, and test its

 

youage, by the hardening and stiffening of the
ries, ducts and veins, froin the same cause,
{the effects of Weils’ New Tonic Treat-
isto dissolve these substances, Aside from

 

   

One

  

Dangers of Travel,

   

   
 

 

  

al and ge 2 Brapersi® sit iss + ‘
e unused, \ rv -products of ciges C C
the Saar Seats teeta gasier aad ea limatic Changes,

               

     
 

      

isease engendering ulds that do not ; . .

Wand out of the system, but remain tot Tropical Climes.

up the animal economy and hast decline, 3

pt lysis, impotence an Travelers who change from ¢ climate te
another, are subj greatrisks, In many
towns and cities, in fact at farm houses, water

Bacteria

      
 

Degeneration.

  

   

   
 
 
 

     

 

       
   

  
      

 
       
    

and drainage is pr Germs in some
: ; orm are ever prese Many ot our fi -
Dissipation. anxiety, worry, care sleeplemnens, | furmareever yrevent., Many! ot) fastg
La Grippe, and wasting drains disarrange the enh ud? Oe earanhe Who tf vel from 008
digestive and recuperative functions, deplete to plac pitas t! ; maelye with “H The PA pi
the constitution, conduce to paralysis, impot- p placg, 1 beh goede peptbldeg eghebyeag alba eid eres
cence and asenilecondition, A single package Donic 2 reaiment,” wad vse it rected they
, oie in ° ¢ * " yo +) fety in é int s 1
of Wells’ N Tor Treatment will prevent can tf ee ey ye hs af or
1 e, “ > ir \ - ay
and remedy such conditions, and prove to you season, € ry : ;
> tats } ¢ Sit, wie trom kee f and Bowels
that you can attain aud maintain | calth, vigor in good ; ton and
sofulness into cxtreme old age, Ii > or te gat
and i mS cxtreme old age In cases special ne nv iis } t maintains
, haa the system ina cor on ena it to throw
ower an yet nervous weakness and meta fe |
. f : Ae d still better each of the
inditferen revails, and you feel you are not off tena ee and et oe on oe mS ae ae
yourself, i's use is indicated. For men and oan i kau ae ie , aA Germici ae ,
w mea bey nd middle age who need arestora- aha dé tae oman capris ths ay wet inte
tive it i ighly commended, It lessens th nows oom i PA sy . ;
ve eS eee eee the system through impure water, focd or foul

air,

Kidney and Bladder Disease,

Gout and Rheumatism
1 by, improper

 

task upon a feeble digestive force by supplying
direct the essential elements of digesti the
Phosphites, Lime, Soda, Potash, Manganese,
Iron, etc,

 

Old Age.

are due to, and are preced:

 

  

       

     
   

 

                
   

   

    

where physical health seems good and muscle
|

Wells’ New Tonic Treatment {5 of intense conduct of the liver and taulty digestion,
interest and importance to all mankind in that and a consequent wrong distribution of the
it possesses the power of perpetuating youth, products of such digs ation; nee there
by means of the solvent properties above fre gall stones in the bil gravel
mentioned; it does certainly retard the ten- brick «dust, aanhati lim calcareous,
dency to ageing and @ senile condition; and earthy, and other d ‘rine, stone im
erceptibly renews and keeps alive the vigor the bladder. with trons of the
impuises, and desires of younger days. f, is tissues in rieumatisn atic, chalky
believed in fact, that the average life may be deposits in gout; bloat ns wherein
rolonged jo years or more by its timely and acrid, poisonous ! result of bad
f licious tse. Asacure for Debility, Mental digestion, are pent u the tlasties. and if BOF
Sxhaustion, Nervous Prostration, Indigestion, expelled, cause misery, d a P rs
Dyspepsia. Torpid Liver, Impote . Constipa- Hesterics, Sexual Weakness. Ay i
tion, Headache. La Grippe, M ia, Pal; redisnose to Cancer, Tumors wale ‘
tion, Consumption, Kidney and Byadder Vell Tonic Trearme will prevent and
eases, Neuralgia, etc., itis a grand achievement. remedy these annoving, netimes nful,

It is in S100 packages at retail or wholesale | #8 #lways dangerou lied
oruaaistk oF they will get it for you, or it will In $1. packare sat ret wholeanie LtGR°
be sent promptly to any address prepaid by gists, or the will vou it will be
mail on receipt of $1.00, sent promptly te any addr mail prepaid,

on receipt of $:
E. 8. WELLS, Chemist, Jersey City, N. J E. 8. WELLS, Chem lersey City, NJ

 

 

Wells’ “MIRACLE OF HEALING,” POWDER,

   

 

     

 

    

 

 

 

 

Kills Ivy Polson, Itech. Salt Rheum, Bezema. Cures any sore on man or bexst, howess gs roe
severe, whatever the source or cause. Cures ulcers, skin disease ts prains ‘ lueer %
Mishes, cont ms, felons, carbuncles, bolls, burns, sealds, er f r |
Cures Dog, Snake, Spider, Mosquito, and all insect bites; « nds or seratches t t r Mf mare
vellous healing agent of modern times, 25¢, bottles at ts or r by ma price
E. S. WELLS, Chemist, Jersey Clty, N. 7 A
ege ‘ ‘ ' tomner t if
Bilious People: 30% i
These are + 1
or do notrequire much purging, well sulted to wome
sarily purgative tact espec y upon the Liver, with { gt ten tars
{ng sour stoma and headache, 25e, vials at Druge bor hat nee
We Laxative Fablets; 25, vials at Drug t 1 ’ you
have severe lious attacks, and need mething to julekly ! ve e
a decided purgative effect,—to unload the entire alimentary canal et i They
ore powerful and especially anti billous when every rremedy fails t i st Druge
gists Any one of three above, mailed on receipt of price °
KE. S. WELLS, Chen Jersey N.5.,U.8.A
s s For Black Coekrouehes, Heetles, Wood ond Water ws, Ant
Nvincible, ie ;
effective Ith 4 estar surestin tt? a ida :
Mix. say, a 25e box carefully, with a pound or soot mashed bolled petite ; fi cr {
bread, or two tin cups of fine powdered sugat, and place about r t en t rt ‘
Cockroaches, Beetles, Wood or Water Bugs in one or two applications will be ¢ y a Hilated, Direc
stone Fay, ba Bugs, ete., with packages te sold all around the world. 1s used by all eiviliced n cof the
eart 8 the most exteusively advertised, the Dest known and bas the largest sale of any asticle of lbs kind oa
jhe face of the glube. GO Cae Oy atiete OF Ne OiRe
‘

¢

 

  
   

Pore