ae

Nr

ee

 

THE CASE OF THE SAILOR.

 

'
|

A PLEA FOR JUSTICE POR THE CREWS |

OF DEEP WATER SHIPS.

Why Seamen Submit to Abuse That Lands-

j Within the memory

men Would Resent -Brutality and Injustice |

From Which They Aro Said to Saffer
—'"The Red Record'’-Remodies Saggested.
Copyright, 1900, by Morgan dobertaon

An unsigned book review treating of Alex-
ander J. Boyd's “The Shellback,” contains the
following:

“There ia at all events this to be sad for the
officers of a deep water ship; They are very
commonly under the absolute necessity of awe-
ing into subjection ruffanly crews of potential
mutineers who outnumber them twenty to
one; and if they resort to rough measures it ia

fair to presume that they do so quite as mueh |

from a knowledge of the men they have to deal
with as from mere wanton cruelty.”

The writer of this says a few other things to
the same effect and of no account beyond the
labored correctness of his style. This correct-
ness, his cockaureness and his habitat would
{ndicate that he is young and a student of W.
Clark Russell; if so the years will probably
bring him punishment, tutelage and wisdom,
and what follows here is in no sense an answer
to him; only as the paragraph quoted above
crystallizes a very common and popular opinion
of saillormen it is used asatext for this argu-
ment—and flatly denied to begin with

The deep water sailor doea not outnumber
his officers twenty to one, nor is he a “poten-
tial mutineer.” With twenty men before the
mast there are at the other end of the ship a
oaptain, two or three mates, a ateward and oabin
boy, and as allies from the forward end, one
or two boatawains, a cook and a carpenter—
the last very handy with a broadaxe, Here
at the most, are ten men to awe “potential mu-
tineers,” at the least, six. There are arms
enough in the cabin--aside from the broadaxe
mentioned—to equip this police force, while the
sailors have none, and are seldom allowed
to carry sheath knives. As testimony to the
efficienoy of the system and the safety of the
afterguard, at sea with a large number of men
in the forecastle, consider the few cases of
mutiny, or even mild insubordination, that
have ocourred in American ships in the past
generation. The deep water sailor !s the last
man on earth to wish mutiny. Heis a rough,
ignorant, hard working man, with large endur-
ance, and never having received his share of
good treatment, his patience goes hand in
hand with his endurance, and his respect for
authority is a matter of faith,

Mutineers can be drawn from the rest of
humanity, but not from trained sailors. It
{s safe to predict that if an American ship put
out from a New York dock with a crew of lands-
men, gathered from any grade in life, there
would take place this side of Sandy Hook one
of the liveliest mutinies ever imagined. It
would be based upon the conunon self respect
and sense of injury displayed by tormented
kittens, spanked babies, bisected angle worms
and other units of organic life in the presence
of wrong—which is all but trained out of the
soul of the able seaman. Ile will resent an
injury on shore, but at sea, while willing to
risk his life daily for the good of the ship. he
will submit tamely to insult and cruelty that
would goad the average landsman to murder,

There is something strange in the apathetio
submission to wrong of a man with muscles
of steel and courage above the average some-
thing incomprehensible from the ordinary
viewpoint, and only plain to him who has worked
before the mast long enough to become im-
bued with the ethics of his calling, The sailor
really suffers from diverted development;
his pride in himself as a man gives way to a
pride in himself as a seaman. He is prouder
of his ability to do as he is told —to perform
an almost impossible and useless task at the
behest of an officer—-than he would be of his
ability to thrash the officer. Many a man goes
to what he knows is his death— over the side
in a gale, out forward on a sprung Jibboom,
or aloft to a rotten and stranded toot rope
—from pure inability to realize that he has @
human right to his life In him the first law
of nature is subverted, preservation life
stands second to preservation of property

Such a man should be protected, True,
we require the same self-sacrifice and abnega-
tion from soldiers, policemen and firemen, and
enact little legislation for their benefit, but liv-
ing on shore, as they do, they are able to take
reasonably good care of themselves from their
more intimate acquaintance with common law
and the limitations of their fellow men. The
sailor, ignorant of the world, and of men, and
of his own rights, is the subject of more legisla-
tion than Is any other craftaman, but most of
this treats of his duties to his superiors, and the
punishments to be dealt him for insolence, in-
subordination, desertion, smuggling, mutiny,
murder and such crimes, while the little that is
enacted for his benefit has usually been twisted
60 as to work to his harm; for instance, the law
requiring advance wages or allotinent of wages
as it now stands, which ostensibly procures him
an outfit of clothing to go to sea with, has for
generations kept him in the power of the board-

ing masters, or orlinps.

Again, deeming it a hardship for asailor to
be paid off at a foreign port, far from home. some
wiseacres, now dead, once passed a law that he be
brought back to an American port of discharge,
This compact was of necessity binging upon
the sailor as well; he could not leave his « tp ina
foreign port without incurring the penaltias of
desertion, loss of money due and effects left he-
inf as well as imprisonment if caught. So,

of

in foreign ports where men are plenty and wages
ow, the sailor who bas a goodly sum due hin) and
would like to stay by his ship, finish the vovage,
and be paid off with his own, is first refused
shore leave, then hunted. hounded and hit
with fists and clubs, until he is glad to desert
to preserve the wholeness of his skin- which
is just what the captain wants him to do; for
the back wages and clothing left behind are
forfeit to the owners, and a man can be shipped
in his place at a lower rate of pay. Yet, in the
face of this distinct advantage to the captain,
he will often appeal to the local authorities, put
that recreant sailor in jail for desertion, and
@0 to sea without him.

But these two statutes merely conduce to
robbery—of his money and of his liberty: and,
strange as it may seem, considering that hia

ay seldom risay above $18 a month, it is the
feat of his troubles, for he rarely enjovs the
uxury of spending his own money, and most
ails are as roomy as a ship at -ea It is his
reatment on board ship-treatment that robs

im of his common humanity and wears out

{a soul—which troubles him most, and at
rare intervals brings him into court as a fu-
tile complainant. Futile because he {ts not
successful, He never will be successful in
@ legal hunt for redress so long as Judges, Con-
suls and Commissioners will put him in jail
as a witness while they permit the captain
or mate to furnish bail, which amounts to
a license to goto sea, All the laws which may

passed by intelligent lawmakers will not
help the sailor unless some means can be de-
vised to compel the instant trial of an accused
captain or officer; for the sailor has neither
time bor money He must go to tea to live

Can any such incentive to official honesty
be found and employed? There are those
knowing of the horrors of the American “hell-
ship.” who say that the matter will he adjusted
when this country needs sailors to man
her growing navy, that then, wide awake to
the necessity of nourishing and protecting
a reserve to draw upon, an aroused and anx-
fous populace will rise up tn all the force of
its oft quoted “public sentiment” and insist
upon justice to the merchant sailor,

No such exigency will occur, unless we go

ack to the old type of wooden men-of-war

‘or as raw material for the floating machine
shops which we call warships, the merehant
sailor has but two points of advantage over
carpenters. machinists, clerks and — other
wage earners: his immunity trom seasickness
and his ability to handle an oar

Other observers are willing to leave the
matter to Providence, saying that the wrongs
of the satlor are only a part of the general so-
cial and labor problems, and must be left to
work themselves out Exactly, but social
evolution comes only of human effort and until
the two statutes mentioned above those re-
lating to discharge in foreign ports, and to

otment of wages-—are repealed, the sailor
will be robbed by the erlmp on shore and by
the captain and owner at sea

Yet such repeal will in no wise effect a miti-
gation of his treatment at the hands of brutal
skippers and mates. He wil! still be cyrsed
beaten and worked, up to his extreme limits
of endurance until his average life of twelve
years at sea expiring. he will find rest and im-
munity in a weighted canvas shroud. And
for this state of affairs, in view of the laxity
of official action and the present painfnl esti-
mate placed upon sailors by a Russell-tauglit
public, there is no remedy in this generation

8 long as the public belfeves that the harm-

ess, inoffensive, hard working merchant sailor

3 a “potential mutineer, a scoundre! seeking
0} portunity to mutiny and murder, to burn,
ata and destroy,” just so long will it be safe
‘or @ Consul, a commissioner or a Justice of

|

  
 

the Peace to give him full benefit of the laws
designed to punish, while denying him the
benefit of those framed to protect him,

For there are such laws and they have been
on the atatute books for years, But what good
have they done? llow many captilie and
mates have been hanged, or even imprisoned,
of any reader of this, for
the murder of a sailor at sea? The Coaat sea-
men'a Journal of San Franclaco has pres
a4 list of crimes at sea covering a per
yearefrom 1888 to Isf8 in & pamphlet eb.
titled “The Red Record.” “The Black Kecord
would be a filter name. for a blacker shame
does not rest upon this Republic, In) these
ten years ninety-two cases were tried in. the
courte of our large seaports, and only seven
convictions resulted — Fifteen of this list were
cases of murder Only one of the seven cone
victions showed a result that looked in any
way hopetul for the sailor First Mate Smith
of the ship Benjamin Sewall, who persecuted
a sailor until he conmitted suicide, was sen-
tenced to Fort Townsend, Wash, to a years
imprisonment and to a fine of &1.000 and coRts
Yet the maxironm penalty for this man’s ertme
ix five years’ imprisonment and an equal fine
Where were the extenuating cireumeatances
which mitigated his offence? He was not con-
vieted of murder; yet, is deliberate murder,
punishable by death, worse than the driving
of a man to anicide?

In the other eighty-five cases the accused
captains and officers were either “exonerated”
or acquitted on the ground of “lack of evidence,”
“Justifiable discipline,” or becuse “no official
charge had been made, And yet this horrid
lat of torture and death contains only recorded
eases, flow rouch of unrecorded, uneom~

lained-of murder and assault has occurred
n that ten vears?

There are people so constituted mentally
that if this bare record of erlme were placed
before them to read and digest, they could
not bring themselves to believe it, heoause
{t Incks the “local color" generally given to
accounts of crime in the newspapers, To
such is recommended Paul Eve Stevenson's
book, “By Wav of Cape Horn.” It !s @ jour.
pal written from day to day, on a voyage with
his wife during the summer of 1897. around
the Horn from New York to San Francisco,
in one of the finest American ships afloat. It
is written well, and it rivals the Red Record
in realism.

On Feb. 20, 1809, a new seamen's law went
into effect, which contains a very few good
and quite a number of inane and ridiculous
provisions—some of the latter contradicting
and annulling each other. Allotment of wages
is reduced from four payments of $10 ech to
one payment of a month's wages. This les-
rens the amount that the crimp can obtain
when a sailor signs from his boarding house,
and this provision ean only be finproved upon
by abolishing allotment altogether,

In place of the naval war ration allowed by
the former law which was generally super-
seded by a “full-and-plenty "allowance at “nast-
er'soption,” which privilege wasalwaysinserted
and signed to, in the shipping articles, of food,
insufficient in quantity and quality, to nourish a
small-sized dog,there has been substituted a scale
of provisions surprising in its variety and gener-
osity. If properly cooked, this list would run
an ordinary boarding house, and itis diffientt to
conceive how owners will evade this seale
Coffee Is prescribed in the “green berry,” with
sugar enough to sweeten it. This eliminates
the bootleg decoction heretofore served to sail-
ore Wateris still limited t four quarts a day.
which jis not enough, in hot weather this
cheapest of earthly constituents; butin view of
the splendid square meals (provided the cook
is a cook) now coming to a class of starved and
aourvv-tainted men, who would take excep.
tion to one item? The lawmakers who come
piled this list must have done so before dinner,
when empty stomachs enlivened their imagina
thor But they could not have been, and in all
probability they were not, very thirsty Good
luck to them! May they never be thirsty!

Men can no longer be imprisoned in an Ameri-
ean port for quitting their berths: the penalty is
werely loseof clothes and wagesdue. In foreign
porta the iniprisonment is lessened from three
months to one--a distinct improvement,
which can still be improved upon

All forms of corporal punishment are abol-
ished, which means that it is no longer lawful
fo punish a man with cat-o'-nine-tails, fists
belaying pins or capstan bars. But where
is the skipper or mate woing to sea to-day who
will concern himself with this restriction, even

 

ol

though another provision of the law makes
the captain liable in civil damages for per-
mitting the eseape of an officer who antici-
pates complaint and arrest. They will say,
as they have said for generations, “To hades
with the law” and will go bravely on, confi-
dent of official sanetion and svmpathy. in the

pleasant work of man crippling and killing

Just after the going into force of this law
the «hips Governor Robie and State of Maine
sailed from New York for Hong Kong. Their
crews are new filtering back by transport and
tramp steamer with tales of bloods horror equal
to anv in’The Red Record” or in Paul Eva
Stevenson's book Thev were scratch crews
ot landsmen: and they fought back: and the
stories make humorous reading for the casual
reader of the news

But why did not the Hong
who was appealed to, enforce the new
There is not space for the answer

After this rather pessimistic view of the
power of the law. it is only fair to the reader
to give what the writer believes to he the only
remedy for brutality on board American ships

the establishment of school ships in each
seaport, where boys may be trained in the
duties of seamen and officers, without become.
ing brutalized

Ry this means, and by no other. mary the
American ship cease to be a disarace to a free
country anda blot upon civilization

Kong Consil,
law?

PEST OF PRATRIF DOGS.
Western Kansas Farmers Alarmed at the Fx-
tent of the Towns of the Little Animals,

Anienr, Kan., April 19. The farmers of
western Kansas bave on their hand@a new plague,
thatofthe prairiedog. Thousands of the odd little
creatures have been captured and taken East for
show purposes, but the people of the plains have
come to consider therm 4 nuisance. [tis no unusual
thing to see @ town that is a collection of h@es all
inhabited by the dogs, which covers a whéle sec
tion of land, a space a mile square. As aresult
the vegetation is eaten down to the bare earth and
the land becomes valuless forthe cattemen. Then
the animals make foraging trips into the grain
near by and cause much damage in that way

The prairie dog is small, scarcely Jarger than
a very large rat sometimes, but he is a verre keen
witted creature. When the growth of grain or
graas seems likely to cause him trouble in seeing
approaching visitors he straightway proceeds to
cut it down. He goes into the millet and corn
fields and nibbles at the grain near the bottom of
the stalks and the tal! grain tumbles as if it were
cut by a machine. The prairie dog does not eat

the grain he cuta, but seems to wish it out of the
way in order that the lookouts posted around
every town may see if strangers ate Approaching

Every town seems to be laid out with care and
there is in each a central hole which ts dug down
ntl it reaches water. Sometimes itis necessary
t» dig for scores of feet, but the litde animals
never falter and they are always supplied with
this needful adjunct to their dwelling-places.— |t
is perhaps because of the difficulty of digging

these wells that theg animals extend = the
boundaries of their towns rather than start new
ones

Certain itis that they are all the time branching
out and some of the towns cover hundreds of
acres. They have grown amazingly since the
opening of the West to settlement both beeause
of the added supply of foo! that came from the
seattering of grain and because raany of the wild
auimals that preyed on them have heen swept
away. Now the problem of caring for themis
up to the farmer, and he looks at !t much as the
Eastern man does at thatof the | og!ish sparrow

J.B. Perry of Oberlin, one of the leading farmers
of northwest Kansas, tolls of his expertence in
this matter: “Thad «town of two sections on my
land and there was 40 steady ® growth that l was
in danger of ‘osing the most waluable part of the
farm. The pasture was ruined and the grains
adjoining the town on all sides were destroyed far
into the Helds. IT soaked a lot of corn in arsenic
solution and then went along the town with my
hired men, taking regular beats until we had
gone over it all, putting in each hole a small por
tion of the poisoned grain. We covered the hole
as we went along, the task being a slow one,
to be sure, but thorough The animals seemed
to eat the grain, for out of the town fully two-thirds
of the holes were never opened. The dogs ate the
com and died in their homes. Than we went
over the land again and went through the same
process, and by this time killed off the greater
portion of the dogs remaining. [found it the only
way to get ridof them and though it will be along
time before the land is as good as before because of
the poor earth that was brought to the surface by
the digging of the animals it will eventually re-
pau its strength.”

Another method of treating the pests is to use
hi-sulphide of carbon, saturating a piece of cotton
with the fluid and dropping tt in the bolepwhich is
then covered. The gases from the solution
make the animals scarce in a short time. With
this remedy there ts danger of poisoning other
animals and the farmers are afrald of it Strveh
nine solution and corn are &@ common combination
and this is dropped in the holes as before

The farmers of northwest Kansas are consider
ing 4 convention to discuss the best and surest
means of getting rid of the pests. The theory
that the sand hill owl isa dweller in the hole with
the prairie dog aud there exists a happy family
arrangement between them ts disproved by fre
quent investigation. The owls live in deserted
holes sometimes as do the rattlesnakes of the
uplands, but they are not athome when the guappy
little prairie dog is making himself numerous

  

 

     

Snakes as Necklaces for Samoan Girls,
From the Two Republics,

There are plenty of snakes in Samoa, but
they are all harmiess. In certain districts it
is acustom of the native giria to wind live rep-
tiles aroundthelr necks and arms as ornaments
for their dances.

“The Sun's’? Multitude of Readers

afford to the Advertising Merchant a clientage
ofincom parable value, redecting as they dosuch
intelligence a5 is not to by found except ina
SUN reader, ~ddve

   

|

od of ten |

|

|

SSS SSS SSS ss gs LT

} discussing the ways and habits of animals.

  

OUTLAW BUCKING BRONCOS,

HORSES WITH A BAD STREAK THAT
CAN'T BE REMEDIED,

 

Experiences of 'T. Harry Shannon as a Cow-
boy Before He Became a Street-Cleaning
Superintendent—Bucking Horses Always
Dangerous-Long Fall of a Bronco
Four men sat in the cafe of an uptown -_

A

of them were more or less interested in the sub

ject, for one was a hunter of big game,the second
the owner of many racehorses a third was George

Arstingall, perhaps the most experinced ele

phant trainer now living, and the last was ‘T.

Harry Shannon of the Street Cleaning Depart

ment of this city.

“Half the performing animals we see aren't
really trained to anything but immediate fear
of the trainer, I suppose,” said the racing man.

“What makes you think that?” asked Arstin-
all

“I've noticed them leap and snarl at the trainer
as he was leaving the cage.”

“All training,” said the elephant trainer
“They're taught to do that just as they're taught
to stand up on their hind legs and jump through
a hoop. An educated animal does practically
nothing while his trainer is in the cage that isn't
in direct obedience to the man.”

“It's a pity that sort of thing can't Qe done
with horses,” remarked the racing man. “I
could win more races if my horses were that well
behaved’

“I’m not a sharp on horses, "returned Arstingall,
“but I venture to say that it's as trite of them as
of any other animal. Of course your racing
horses are out of the reckoning in a way, for they're
always at the top of condition and too full of
spirits to be easily manageable.”

“You're talking about cart horses, then,” suggest-
ed the hunter, smiling. “Have you ever come
across the bronco on his own plains”

“Take that very bronco when in captivity,” re-
plied Arstingall. “What happens then? He's
trained just as my elephants are trained except
that he's taught to make a bluff at viciousness,
At last that's always been my idea. To look
at the broncos in Buffalo Bill's show,for instance,
you'd think that they were possessed of the very
old Nick

“And I guess they are unless they've changed
the breed,” interrupted Shannon.

“LT don't suppose you have any broncos in the
Street Cleaning Department, Mr. Shannon,” said
Arstingall

“No and [ hope we never will have. We've got
dagoes and hobves, but no broncos. My exper-
jence with them doesn't come from the depart
ment. I've handled them in the West and they've
handled me, too, sometimes.”

“Hut Twas talking of the broncos that are brought
on here for show purposes.”

"Same thing,” said the other. “I've handled
them, too. I was with the Wild West show for
nearly five yearsandthen had to quit because of
the injuries from those very animals that you
think are so beautifully trained. Anything that
you might say about elephants would go with me,
Mr. Arstingall. If you told me that an elephant
could be taught to whistle through his trunk
Td say all right, that you undoubtedly knew
more about it than any other man, for I know
vour reputation; but in the matter of broncos
1 don't believe you speak from actual experience.”

“That's very true, I don't; I only judge from
comparison of the specimens I have seen with other
animals. Do vou mean to say that all the per-
formances those little beasts go through in the
ring are the result of pure, innate devilishness?”

“Just that. Have any of you ever had any
experience with the bronco on the plains, the real
bucking bronco, I mean, for of course only a few
broncos are real buckers, though all the breed is

hard to manage.”

“I've tackled them in my younger days,” said the
hunting man, “and [ve done the skyrocket act
off their backs to the great joy of an enthusiastic
if not exactly admiring audience.”

“Well, if you tackled the show bronco you'd
find him the same*as the open air variety; 4 litte
worse, perhaps, for Col. Cody has always had
an unpleasant faculty of getting the very worse
outlaws that the broneo tnbe affords.”

How does a bronco get to be # bucker®” asked
the elephant trainer. “I've always supposed it was
a natural trait that could be licked out of the beast
with @ little patience.”

"Not while there's life in him,"was the emphatic
reply. “You may have noticed, sir,” he added,
turning to the racing man, “that you can't teach
a horse anything unless he has his head up.”
The horseman nodded. “Well, the bronco doesn't

have bis head up. The minute a hand is laid
upon him, if he is a bucker, down goes his head
between lis knees He doesn't get to be a bucker;
he'sbornthatway. There's a streak of it in every
bronco, but you can wain it out of all except the
outlaws, They're bad from the first, andan ex-
perienced hand soon finds out that there's no
use trving to train them te any use. That's the
jind of beast that eventually finds his way to the
Wild West show Very few persons know any
thing of the habits or traits of the Western bronco.
IT have been often asked even by experienced
Eastern horsemen whether the broncos with Col
Cody sshow have been taught to pitch and buck and
I have wondered how these men would feel about
it if they had to ride them around a walled arena
481 bave so often, each moment wondering whether
I would get off without 4 broken armorleg. ‘The
aren't trained to do anythiug. Their devilis
characteristics are as natural to the animal as
sleeping. For a number of yveara 1 was a cow
puncher ip the West and had opportunities to ob-
serve the peculiar babils and disposition af the
Western horse. He is naturally vicious; even
as a colt he will strike, bite and kick and
show a@ disposition to buck and piteb ff you lay
a4 hand on tim

“The bronco ts allowed to roam widely and is
never handled until he is about 4 yeare old, ex-
cept when branded as a yearling. At the age
of | he is broken to the saddle and almost {n-
variably tri@s to unseat hig rider. Most of the
broncos will buck a fow times, but will eventually
become tractable. A few, however, gre never
conquered and these are the ones we call outlaws
You can see the natural disposition of the bronco
to smash himself and his rider up fn any place
where broneo riding is practised. Out of twenty-
five cowboys employed in the Wild West in one of
the seasons while [ was with the exhibition more
than one-third were disabled) The bucking
bronco while in the act of bucking becomes fran
tlie and entirely unmanageable. Often he lunges
with all his force against ‘he sides of the arenas
and more than once I have seen beth borse and
rider disabled. A horse while bucking ia blind
to all consequences. Here's one experience of
mine with an outlaw in the open where the chances
of injury are, of course, much less than in a con
fined arena:

“While on a round-up of cattle in the south
western part of Wroming among the Khiawa
Mountains we were on a drive and the round up

 
   

round was a ge plateau at Goshen Hole
"he countre ts v y rough atthe edge ofthe platean
and there's 4 preupice of abort three hundred feet
dropping sheer into the bole On this dar Tad

for a mount an outlaw bronco which had heen
ridden fortwo or three vears, always at the pertl
ofthe rider.for thera was ne telling at what moment

 

the evil nature of the beast would prank out
This animal differed from the common outlaw
in That fis demonish nature seemed to strike

him by fits

He

Ilis reputation asa bad horse was widely known

Reginsing his tricks when least expected and
y

was ” very cunning varmint

sly arte advantage of every chance to dis-
lodge his rider, he bad already laid up a number
of the cow-punchers in that locality. When he
started to buck he made a sensation for he was
a wonderful performer. The ground would
fairly tly_up and hit vou in the face. On the
day that I'm telling about while we were all busy
trying to keep the cattle bunched, a yearling
started out of the herd bound for freedom

"L started after it as it was making at full speed
toward the precipice. I ran alongside of the
eritter trying to turn it back into the herd, but
{t stubbornly kept on its way, and as I leaned
over to hit it across the nose with my broad hat
and turnit, my outlaw took advantage of my
P wture and started bucking. He continued to
yuck and atevery jump drew nearer the precipice
When within about fifty feet of it I concluded
that he was going over the edge and to save my
self [let loose my hold and fell back over his
haunches, The outlaw kept right on and went
head first over the precipice. It was every inch
of a §OO-foot drop. The cow punchers said that
he was touch enough to survive that, buthe didn't
here wasn't enough left of him for identifica
tion at the bottom. Every bone in his body was
broken, and even my saddle, when | went down
to wetit, was torn into shreds. The kind of beast
that will eommit suicide over a 800 foot drop isn't

   
  

an animal that you ean discourage bv ony kind
of punishment
T guess that’s so,” agreed the elephant, trainer

“Next time | see bron
and give
quiet ¢

o riding [ll take more notice

a few thanks that (Um sitting on a nice
tir while the other fellow is in the ring
The peonie in the show used to say that a zebra
was the only animal you couldn't possibly train,
butl guess they'll have to add the bronco.”

‘Some day when you get tired of your peaceful
elephants,” said Shannton, “and feel the need of
# little excitement, come around to me and I'll
berrow a bronee for you; one of the Wild West
broncos, and give you a chance to convince your-
seif that it's all true,’

I'd like a front seat for that,” said the horse
man and the hunter tn the same breath.

No hurry,” said Arstingall, drily. “1 don't
think that performance is likely to come off for
a long time.”

  
       

 

 

a

a

THE SUN SUNDAY, APRIL 22, 1900.

ee

 

MADAGASCAR'S PROGRESS,
/ int
Roads Are Building, Maps Are Making and
There Are Many Other Signs of Progress.

When Madagascar became a French posses:
sion France acquired one of the finest and most
fruitful islands in the world, and the fourth in
size, for it is surpassed in area only by Green
land, New Guinea and Borneo, All the world
will watch with interest the efforts of the French
to make the moat they can of their great acquisi
tion. In a number of ways they have done a
great deal w improve communications and carry
out other works needful for the development of
the island. A great deal still remains to be done,
but the work is being, pushed with zeal and in
talligence, and it will be interesting to recount
the progress making in some important direc
tions.

In the first place, the French have greatly im
proved the route between the chief sea port, Tama
tave, ol the east coast, and the capital, Antana-
narivo, in the centre of the island. ‘This ts the
chief trade route of the country, and two years age tt
cost about 875 to move a ton of freight between
these two points, a distance of 180 miles by the
somewhat circuitous route. Many thousands
of dollars have been expended in making @ good
wagon road from Tamatave to the capital, and
though this finely graded road is not yet com-
pleted it is far advanced.

Another great enterprise, begun two years
ago, will be completed before the end of this year,
though the French Madagascar Company, by
the terms of its contract with the Colonial Office,
has four years more to finish the work. The
road from Tamatave to Antananarivo runs for
sixty miles, or one-third of the distance, south
along the east coast. There is a series of lakes
and streams between Tamatave and Andovo
ranto, where the road turns inland, and between
these water features are hillocks. All that was need
ed to be done was to cut canals through these hil
locks and thus join the lakes, and = thers would
be a fine waterway for sixty miles. There are
five of these hills and the total distance to be ex
cavated was about 8,300 feet. More than half
of the route was opened to boats in May last year,
and up to Nov. 1, 8,000 passengers had been
catried and about thirty tons of merchandise
passed along the water route every day. As
soon as the rowte is completed to Andovoranto
this fall that point instead of Tamatave will be
the starting place for the caravans, which will
then be only 120 miles from the capital, The
enterprise is owned by the French Government
and no subsidy was given to the company that
is carrying it out. It shows the faith which all
who have visited Madagascar possess in’ the
future of the country that this company was
willing to canalize this waterway without re
ceiving a cent of money, the entire compensation
being covered by a grant of 160,000 acres of land

The canal will not interfere in any way with
the projected railroad from Tamatave to Antana
nariv, The preliminary survey for this rail

road has been made, but some years may elapse
before it is built,

Up to the time of the French occupancy there
were no ways of communication in Madagascar
except very poor paths, which the natives: them
selves often found it diffieult to utilize The
French have now completed a wagon road be
tween the capital and Majunga, the largest port
on the west coast; and the Wagon route building
from the capital to Tamatave will be a royal high
way in comparison with any other highway Mada

ascar has possessed. Substantial bridges are
yelng thrown across the streams on the route
@ great deal of levelling and filling in is being
done to reduce the grade and the road will be
@ fine hard highway where vehicles may pass one
another at any point; and it will be fit for the
heaviest freightage or the Lghtest carnage

Meanwhile (ren. Gallieni is making good prog
ress with the geographical and cartographic
labors which he began {tn 1807. [tis the intention
to make a fine map of the entire island, bul, of
course, |i will require years to carry cut this great
task, Wefore the French ocenpaney, only the
central province of-Imerina, in which the capital
is situated, had been trangulated aud surveyed,
all the rest of the country being searcely known
away from the little paths that crossed it {_n various
directions. In November, 1806, Gen Gallient
established a topograpbfe bureau at the capital,
8nd ever since there bas been the greatest activity
in surveying and mep making ‘Thus far the
totel extent of the triangulations amounis to
868 miles. This work is necessary in order to
indicate accurately the topography of the country
on the maps. In the progress of the surveys
{t has been found that many towns have been
inaccurately placed on the existing mays, and
these many errors are being corrected. ‘lhe
most notable publication now produced in Mada
gascar is the "Notes, Reconnissances et Explor
tions,” which is printed monthly at Antananarive
The work in 18) made two volumes with 1,600
pagea ond more than one hundred maps ‘ind tables
all of which were produced in Madacasvar

THE BOERS AT ST. HELENA,

Quarters Occupied by Cronje's Soldiers on
the Little Volcante Island,

On Sunday last the Boer prisoners were landed
at Jamestown, on the north side of St. Helena
It was undoubtedly a great event for the people
living on that isolated rock. They seldom sea
strangers now. Hetore the Suez Canal was built
Jamestown was of great importance as a coaling
and supply station, but now it is far off the route
of vessels. [fit were not for an occasional whaler
which drops into port for a fresh supply of water
and provisions the island would be almost aban
doned by the world

Thirty years ago there were over 6,000 people
living on the island; but many hundreds of them,
failing to earn a living there, havé gone to Cape
Colony, and when the Boerslanded on Sunday
they increased the population fully one-third
So large an influx has never been seen before

When the prisoners entered the harbor they saw
a little town, only a quarter of a mile wide and
less than a mile in length, squeezed into a narrow
valley between two hills that rise to a height
of about six hundred feet on either side. The
hill on the west slopes steeply to the town and a

flight of nearly seven hundred steps, cut in the’

face of the rock, leads to the flat plateau above
This eminence is known as Ladder Hill on account
of the flight of stone steps. ‘The plateau is three
quarters of a mile wide near the sea and narrower
as it penetrates the mountains on either side.
The seaward part of it is covered with military
buildings and the plateau is known as Deadwoox
Plain. This is where the Boers were sent into
camp on St. Helena.

Jamestown lies at their feet on the east andin
front they bave a beautiful view of the sea from
& pout of vantage 600 feet above the ocean. All
the year round the southeast trades blow steadily,
butthe hill range through the centre of the island
shelters the prisoners from the winds, which
are sometimes violent, though always warm
They have arrived, however, in the early
days of tne austral winter, and are probably
witnessing a larger rainfall now than they ever
saw before The heaviest rains, however, will
soon pass, and as far as weather and climate
are concerned, the prisoners could hardly wish for
a more agreeable abiding place

looking directly east across the hills and the
intervening valleys the oers may perhaps be
able to catch a glimpse of Longwodd, three and
a half miles from their camp, which is famous
as the home in which Napoleon, prisoner of Png

I passed the last six years of his life. Long-
wood stands on another plateau, extending neatly
to the sea on the east and with two or three lon
arms pares up Into the mountains. It was
on thig nea i. flat plateau that Napoleon took
his daily strolls, enjoying, in sume sort, the period
of calm that succeeded the long years of war and
political convulsion in which he was the command.
opure If the Hoers are permitted to stroll
inland as far as the plateau they occupy extends,
they will be within two miles of Longwood and
4 mile and @ half from the Valley of the Tomb,
where Napoleon's body reposed under a clump
of willows until it was removed to Paris in 1840:
and now it rests under the dome of the Invalides
From Deadwood Piain, however, 11 is not likely
that the lower portion of the Valley of the Tom)
can be seen and so the willows under which
the great Corsican was buried are hidden from
view
From the Boer camp there is no road leading to
Longwood or the famous valley near it, bul to
reach the spot where Napoleon spent his last years
it is necessary to climb Rupert 8 Hill by the steep
road which surmounts it on the east side of James
town and leads to the valley and the little house
where Napoleon lived and died
Jamestown is the only town on the island
It has never been thought worth while to build
4 town on the south coast, for no vessels could
safely visit a town there, as the waves raised by
the southeast trades break on that steep shore
with great fury. On the north side of the island
in the lee of the winds, where the Boers are kept
the surface of the sea is usually calm
Perhaps many of the Boers will not mind the
isolation of their prison home as much as the
people of other races might do for most of them
are accustomed to the comparative silence of
their great cattle ranches, where they seldom see
strangers and do not care to meet them, though
all comers are hospitably welcomed when they
appear. Of course none of the prisoners can
escape from St. Helena as a nuneber of them did
from thelr camp near Simon Town, Cape Colony
The sea around them hems the captives in more
effectively than any prison wall

—~
SSS sss

GOLD IN WEST AUSTRALIA.

NEARLY ALL THE BIG FINDS
THERE HAVE BEEN ACCIDENTAL,

The Colony Was Thought to Be Almost Worth-
less in 1885, but Now It Is One of the
Greatest Gold Producers» Romantic Dis-
covery of Some of the Famous Diggings.
No other mining enterprises on the Australian

continent haveforsome years attracted so much
attention as those in the colony of West A ustralia
It was not until fifteen years ago that gold was
known to exist in this vast region All who
had visited it could see litte but desert plains,
except a fringe of tertility along the coast, and
they did not believe that West Australia would
ever be tumned to much account.

Kut in 1885 things began to boom in this un
Promising land, and in less than a year 2,000
men from far and wide were gathered in the re-
gion where gold had been discovered This
was in the Kimberley district, far north and 400
miles inland A party of six men were out to
see What they might find, and just beyond the
junction of the Panton and Elvire rivers they
found gold, and in five days collected ten ounces
of the precious dust. This first discovery, how
ever, did not prove brilliantly successtul, for
the alluvial gold was not very plentiful, the dis
trict could be reached only by @ trying desert
journey and provisions went up to starvation
prices. The fleld was finally abandoned to a
large extent, though fair returns are obtained
by the miners who remained there.

Nearly all the great gold discoveries in this
colony have been purely accidental. One day
in 1888 « lad, picking up a stone to throw ata
crow, observed a speck of gold in it. This was
the discovery of the Mallina gold fleld. About
the same time four large nuggets were fairly
atumbled over in what is now known as the Pil-
barra mining district. Various other discoveries
were made up to 1892, when the finding of gold
in the now famous Coolgardie region attracted
the attention of the whole world. The best pay-
ing diggings previous to this time were at Nan
nine, in the Murchison district, where a small
party of prospectors found gold, kept the discovery
quiet as long as possible and took out as much
as 190 ounces of dustin a single day

The discovery of gold at Coolgardie was quite
romantic In May or June, 1892, two prospec
tors, Bayley and Ford, atter a long and fruitless
search in this wild country, picked up a nugget
weighing balf. an ounce. They were in camp
at a native well which the aborigines called Cool
gardie A little later in the day they picked up
aAseven-ounce nugget and in a few weeks gathered
about 200 ounces of nuggets. Uy this time their
food supplies were exhausted, and after going to
Southern Cross to replenish them they returned
t) Coolgardie without mentioning their discovery

Good luck still attended their further search
One morning they discovered a quartz ledge that
was full of nug@ets, and that day, using a hatchet
the rock, they knocked out 500

It was not possible for them
the news of their bo-
nanza, but the facts were not learned until they
had secured 2,000 ounces. The reason they could
no longer keep their secret was that when they
needed supplies thay had to pay nuggets for
them, and when miners know this they are bound
t find out where the nuggets come from

\t the present time Coolgardie is a town of over

10,000 inhabitants. [tis ove of the great gold
mining centres in the world A few months ago,
& mining and indusirial exhibition was held at
Coolgardie and the finest specimgns of aurifer
ous oras aver collected were there But Cool
gardie is now surpassed by some other diggings
in the edlony. In June, 1893. Hannan's, now
known as Kalgoorlle, was brought to light A
few prospectors, among them # man named Han-
nan, camped at Mount Charlotte and were search-
ing for water tor their horses. While thus. en
goed. Mr. Hannan found gold, and in three days
the party secured 100) ounces This was the
bewinning of the richest gold fleld in West Aus
tralia and at present from) 10,000 to 15,000 people
are making 4 wood living in and around the city,
whleh has electric illumination and boasts one of
the finest hotels in the southern hemisphere.
Then in June. 1804. the Londonderry district
was brought to light, and, as usual, its discovery
was purely accidental Six men had been pros
pecting for months without any success and they
were returning, discouraged, to Coolgardie On
their way they camped for the night in the bush
and next morning a quartz speciinen was found
This bit of good luck induced them to look care
fully around and they soon discovered a splendid
quartz ledge, or reef, as they call it, and that day

t break down
ounces of gold

much longer to conceal

they knocked out 1.000 ounces of gold and in a
few days Wey had 5,000 ounces, or in other words,
gold to the value of about 880.000

But a still more sensational find was comi
this was the Wealthof Nations Mine n

1594, a prospector named Dunn set out
mm Coolgardie, and after travelling about twenty
ht miles he came across a large ledge appear
ing above the ground, which, strange to say, no
one had previously observed Afier testing the
rock be secured a large specimen of it, which was
found to contain 800 ounces of gold, worth $12,
aK) He kept his mouth shut, went quietly to
work, duc out 860,000 worth of gold and then
unobtrusively returned to Coolgardie with most
ofthe metal hidden in the pack saddle of his camel
He placed the gold in the bank, applied for a lease
and hurried back as quietly as possible. Some
way, however, the news got cut and over 500
men left Coolgardie on the lucky miner's trail
There was some difliculty in restraining them
from rushing the whole diggings, but no actual
disturbance occurred The property was. after-
ward sold for $735,000

Many other discoveries of lesser magnitude
have been made and new finds are continually
occurring Some of the new locations, as at
Dundas, Lawlers, Mount Margaret and many
other places, are very rich and give brilliant prom
ise for the future ‘There is every prospect that
West Australia will long continue to be one of
the greatest mining centres of the world

\ few figures will show the prasent prosperity
of this industry in this formerly despised colony
The gold output in 1890 was valued at only 8430
000 Tn 1898 it had risen to 819.958.3805. For
the nine months ending Sept 30, 1899, it amounted
ty $22,000,000, For the month of September
alone it was 84.174.450, being more than $50,000
over the best previous monthly record

and
July,

fr:

ee

    

BEING THE ICE MAN.

One of Them Tells Why His Vocation Is No
Perennial Piente.

From the Boston Evening Transcript

\ hundred members of the Massachusetts
Ice Dealers’ Association met and dined at the
Hotel Bellevue today, !t being their seeond an
nual affair of this nature. The President of the
association, the Hon. Willlam M. Eaton of Quincy,
presided. Speaking of the ice business, Elmer
H. Hyrieht of Boston, Secretary and Treasurer of
the association, sald

"The tee men differ in business from almost
any other line. Their acquaintance with one
another has been limited; so last year we resolved
that it would bea benefit to all to meet once a
year and discuss the ice situation. IT do not be
lieve there is any business done where the amount
of money invested is so large and the profit so
comparatively small as it is in ours. The prices
of iron, lumber, horses, and all the material that
goes to make up an ice plant, have had consid
erable advance, but the price of ice has not ad
vanced a cent. There are a number of men in
the business who are in very good circumstances,
but you will find that they are all men well along
in years, who made their money years ago, when
profit was greater, Conditions since then have
changed matertally. The large customers had
their ice boxes on the floors of their stores or places;
now they are so luicgh up that where in former
years one man could do the work it takes two
now, and in @ great many cases more. This,
of course, all means 4 very considerable increase
in cost of putting out ice, and labor in our bust
ness is one of the greatest problems that we have
to deal with

“The public, as a class, is very inconsiderate.
1 do not Know that it intends to be but I suppose
it is throgh thoughtlessness. If the people
would stop and think that they, like their neigh
bors, want a much larger quantity of ioe on hot
mornings in summer, particularly Saturday and
Monday, and that for this reason it takes 4o much
longer to deliver the tee, T think they would be
reasonable and not feel abused ata litte waiting

“We are able tw load on wagensonly about
one half of the ice that the icehouse holds; in
some places not over 40 per cent. Our teams,
Starting oul very early in the morning and not
getting in in hot weather unti) very late at night,
make it a hard business to follow and handle
The ie man has i nty to do in the very hottest
and the very dest weather. On. the whole,
itis not a business offering untold imiucements
to men t go into it”

She Wont Have to Join the (lab.
From Harper's Bazar
‘Now, honestly, Maud, didn't Jack propose
last evening *
“Why, y-e-e-e8! But how did you guegs 2”
Inoticed that you didn't have that worriad
look this morning.”

The Woman's Page
of the Sunday Sun and Tne EVENING SUN ore.
sents a fleld to the advertiser of ladies’ sup-
lies that has never been offered before.
he quality of the matter of interest to
women mokes both papers desirable as adver-
tising mediums. ~ Ade,

jbut 210 feet extreme depth

 
     

OUT OF THE LUMBER CAMPS.

The Return of the Maine Woodsmen From
Thetr Winter's Work.

From the Boston Herald.

The picturesque woodsmen of Maine are
now parading the streets of Bangor, clad in
strange garb and jingling in their pockets
the rewards of a long winter of the hardest
kind of work, Their coming to town has given
an impetus to business and general gayety.
The mon who hire out in the fall toehop logs,
swamp roads or tend sleds in the woods need
to have strength, first-class appetites and a
happy disregard of numerous inconveniences
in the manner of living. They have to put up
with the baked beans twenty-one times a week
in the logging camps.

The men who go into the woods at wages
ranging from $20 to $30 a month take the jobs,
not because they like them, but because in
winter time they can get nothing better. Years
ago, when wages were much higher than now,
most of the Penobscot logs were cut by Bangor
men and residents of towns along the river
~—men of family, who were among the most
respectable of the laboring classes, and most
of whom brought their wages, or a good part
of the money, home. Nowadays the logging
crews are made up of young men of Bangor
and other,river towns,andof men from the mari-
time provinces, few of whom are married,
and still fewer of whom seem to know the value
of the moneythat they earn by months of hard
work in the woods, They “go in” along in
November and December, and begin to “come
out” in March, the main body coming down to
Bangor, where all hands are paid off in April

It takes about 4.500 men to harvest the Pen-
obscot River log crop, and a large proportion
of these come to Bangor in the spring to get
their pay and have a good time. Many of
them, after months of enforced sobriety far from
any settlement, seem to feel in duty bound
when they reach Bangor to have a big spree.
This annual spree of the loggers is not so gen-
eral or so violent as formerly, the crews ap-
pearing to grow “tamer”, as the police say,
every year: but while their money lasts they
make Exchange street lively enough, in any
year, and this is the harvest time for the sa-

loon keepers, the boarding house keepers and
the dealers in ready-made clothing.

Every day the trains trom the north and
east bring down scores of woodsmen, and
the railroad stations are thronged with board-
ing house runners and drummers for cloth-
ing stores, and also the “burnmers.” who see
in the return of the loggers bright prospects
for unlimited liquid retreshments. It is an
affecting weleome that this latter class ex-
tends to the woodsmen. The latter are us-
sured that they are looking well, and that they
are the beat men who ever went up the West
branch. The first thing the returning woods-
man wants is a drink, and when he drinks
everybody in the house is counted in. The
saloonkeeper sees to it that there are a good
many in the house, for the more who drink
the health of the logwers the larger will be
his profits

The clothing store man generally gets the
logwer's ear before he has been long in town,
and the result is that the logger is fitted out
with a ready-made suit at a good price

Then the boarding house man has his turn,
and, 48 he sells both victuals and = drink, he
stands the best chance of getting the lion's
share of the logger’s wages

For a few weeks the saloons will do a thriv-
ing business and the boarding houses will
resound with the songs of the woodsmen
“John Ross,” a stirring lyrie descriptive of
experiences at Suncook, and other ballads
tilled with the praises of woods heroes, all
sung to rollicking airs and with an energy
that disturbs the sleepers on the next block

There is one song, “The Island Boys,” which
ix dear to the hearts of the natives of Prince
kdward Island, and this has been parodied
by a local balladist. When a native logger
wishes to annoy the “P. BE. 1s,” as the islanders
are called, he will tune up with the exasperat-
ing paredy on their pet song, beginning:

Oh, the boys of the Island they feel discontent,

For t*'sdull times at home and they can't make a
cent;

So says Rory to Angus: “‘Ilere we're doing no good,

Let's go over to Bangor and work in the woods.”

The term “PB 1s" is applied generally to
all men from the British provinces. They
are big, strapping fellows, very good-natured,
but they have always been held in contempt
by the native loggers because they have been
the means of lowering the rate of wages on
the Penobscot River. Latterly these provin-
cials have come to be known as the “Rories”
and the “Anguses,” because so many of them
bearthenameof Rory or Angus. They are most-
ly of Seotch extraction, and are largely McDon-
aids, McDougalls, . Melntyres, | McPhersons,
Camerons, MePhees, MoBeths and Mellrovs

Thia year the woodsmen have received about
20 per cent. more pay than in t8ev, but still,
after deducting the “wangan” bill, they haven't
a great deal left to show for their winter's work
The wangan is @ sortof supply store kept in
every woods camp The wangan keeper, who
is generally the operator himaelf or a deputy,
sells stockings, mittens, woollen shirts, moe-
easins, rubber boots and shoes, tobaceo, playing
cards and a lotof other things The wangan
prices are nearly as high as those prevailing
in the Klondike The loggers have no money
in the woods, and it is all a credit transaction

In a few weeks most of the woodsmen will
have spent all thelr money, and will be looking
for jobs on the log drives, where the season is
shorter and the work, although more hazardous,
better paid. Every. year some of the river
drivers are drowned. It is more dangerous
to drive logs in quick waters than it is to take
part in some ware. The bodies of drowned
drivers are buried along the banks of the river
with litde wooden slabs or crosses to mark
the graves. At one place on the west branch,
called by the river drivers “the bone-vard,” may
be seen forty little mounds, No hands care for
these graves, but the wild flowers blossom
over them and the wind sweeping through the
dark pines sings for these unfortunates a cease-
less requiem

 

 

Sil ints cmmmoscttoenste amie es o- a

 

 

DEPTHS OF THE GREAT LAKES.

What Would Happen if Their Sarfaces Were
Lowered to Sea Level,
From the Chicago Chronicle

If the chain of great lakes which bound the
northern limits of a portion of the United States
could be brought to the level of the sea two of
the chains would be practically wiped off the
face of theearth, Lake Michigan would become
two lakes much smaller than the present majestic
body of water which lies off Chicago. Chicago-
ans could travel on what is now the bottom of
the lake as far north as a point midway between
the shores of Milwaukee and Grand Haven without
getting their feet wet

No system of lakes presents as
tions of extreme depth as the big
system. Beginning with Superior
ing the chain eastward, they vary from 1,886
feet to but 210. They are respeciively 602 feet
above the sea level for Superior, 581 each for
Michigan and Huron, 573 for Erie and but 247
for Ontario, Superioris far the deepest, with

Michigan second. Ontario is close on its heels,
being within a few feet of Huron, while Frie is
so shallow that its greatest depth ts thirty-six
feet leas than the midlake depth of Michigan
between Chicago and St. Joseph Erie can claim |

wide varia
fresh water
and follow-

As good an object lesson of what the lakes
have to offer is the course between Chicago and
St. Joseph, Mich. The coast is measured from
the lights of the two harbors Beginning from
this side the Government pier, already quite a
way out, has a depth of some thirty six feet = The
lake shoals on this side so that the extreme depth
of the spoon is a trifle beyond the middle of the
fifty seven mile course [t drops rapidly, how
ever, from sixteenin the river to 246 0utin thelake
But on the other side, within a couple of miles
of the shore, the depth drops from twenty-four
feet to 166 with frightful rapidity. By the time
the second song is mae leaving St Joneph the
singer is oversome forty fathoms of water

Superior, tf reduced to the sea level, would
be robbed of two-thirds of its dimensions. The
extreme depth is well east of the middle line
Mic nigen has her greatest depth, 1,000 feet up
toward the Strats, Huron is less than eight
hundred, while Erie is very shallow. Ontario
bas a depth of 73 feet, owing to the Falls of Ni
agara f all were brought to sea level, Erie
would be 500 feet above, Michigan would be a
couple of ponds, Huron almost out of it, Superior
a lake not much larger than many another, and
Ontario the largeat of the aystem ‘

A Hen’s Preferences as to Colors.
From the Indianapolis Journal.

Eremart, Ind, Apr! 13.—Hundreds of Elk-
hart shoppers have been amused and consider-
ably interested every afternoon this week in an
exhibition which revealod a decided diatinction
in regord to color by a fussy hen, which, with
her brood, bas neen dispiayod in a druegist's
Window as an Easter egg dye advertisement

The druggist dyed the twenty chieks, some
red, some brown, blue, violet, grean and yel-
low. The hen. a big Pivmouth Rock, evinces u
remarkably Violent disiike for the litde fellows
who Wear the red and brown and fights them
from her. She regards the others with varying
degrees of favor and is particularly fond of the |
Violet-hued offspring, though it would be nat-
ural to suppose that the yellow ones, heing
nearer the natural color, would maet with the
most pronounced favor. As night comes on
and the difference in colors becomes jess no-
ticeable, the hen’s antipathy gradually lessens
and bythe time the electric lighta are turned
on she has al! of the twenty snuggled under
her wings Daylight, however, brings on a re-
bewal of the manifestations, |
.

 

 

 

HAYS CITY'S LIVELY DAYS,

A KANSAS TOWN WHERE MIN Dirp
WiTh THEIN BOOTS UN,

 

Reminiscences Evoked by the Transfer of
Fort Hays -Trivial Causes Leading to
Murder -Wild Bill Hickok’s Exploits

The Great Killing City Changed Now,
Dopak Crry, Kan, April 1 - The devising
of Congress to give old Fort Hays to the Stan
of Kansas for use as a branch of the State \eq.
cultural College has started a flood of nm nine
cences, The fort was named in honor of Gem

Alexander Hays, who lost his life in the batue

of the Wilderness in 1864) In 1872 i) was the

most important postin all this region Generale
Custer, Pope, Forsythe, Lawton, Otis, Wood ana
Shafter all did military service here Tt teured
very prominently in the reports of the Indian
wars of the early 70s. During the last dave

of the administration of President Grant end

upon the recommendation of Gen Sherman
the fort was vacated, the Indians having been
permanently subdued, For twenty tive years
the post buildings have been deserted

The reminiscences referred to relate to the early
stormy days of the town of Hays City, which

sprang up to the north under the protection of
the garrison, ‘The visitor finds little in the pretty,
law abiding and moral Hays City of today 1
suggest the excitement, wickedness aud wanton
waste of human life that made it notorious
during the latter 70s and early 80s In 1876
there were eight murders there in one month,
and not even a trial of any murderer llare
City started with the building of the first trang
continental railroad across the ploins All the
border characters who had followed the constrie.
tion of the railroad westward went to Hays Clty,
then known as Fort Hays
law nor order there for two years and a hell after
the town sprang up. All the vicious. depraved
people on the frontier who preyed on the railroad
laborers and cowboys were at Hays City at sone
time between 1870 and 1876. When the railroad
construction had moved westward Chg
became an exclusively cowboy town Ninety.
five per cent, of all the men in Hays City went
armed. Merchants had their sleeping ron
walled in with extra boards and galvanized tron
to protect themselves from stray bullets Tha
precaution was necessary. ‘The dancing girls,

There was neither

Havs

who comprised women from 14 to SO years: went
to Hays City from all over the West Rows of
saloons and gambling houses were run opens
and atfull blast day and night, week after wo
There were murderers by the score in Have
City. Wild Bill Hickok was the boss killer ia
Hays City. He boasted that he had killed sever
teen white men in his day. Bill Masterson, 1
of Denver, was in Hays City for two year ie

had the reputation of having slain four mer
fore he reached the town and he increased the
number by two men in Hays City. Over ina
sun baked cemetery on a side hill f Haye
City, lie all who died in the town until Ds50) There
are about 240 graves, and nearly ninety of 1
were filled by tragedies of some sort. [t got its
name, boot Hill, thirty years ago,
many of ifs occupants died with their boo
In one grave a Woman and three men, who killed
one another in a brawl about winnings at far,
were buried together. The bodies were carried
directly from the dance hall, where they fell.to the
grave. Four miles south of Hays City, on the
farm of a prosperous Russian, stands a cotton.
wood tree cone of the very few trees in the localiiy
thirty years ago) on which five persons were
lynched

Only slight provocation was needed for murder.
The Empire Hotel, a frame structure with a few
bunks and much room for a saloon and gambling,
was the scene of a sample shooting affair Ona
day in December, 1873, a gambler named Lewis,
from Chicago, had a dispute with the bartender,
Irish Jim Daly, about how rich was a friend of
theirsin a dance hall down the street) Lewis
ran to the door, and, turning, drew his pistol
and fired at Daly. The latter snatched his pistol
from behind the bar aad returned the fire. This
was kept up until both men had emptied their
pistols, and then Daly, being mortally wounded,
went to the back of the saloon, laid himself ous
upon the billiard table and died. A little stage
driver named Freeland decided to take a hand
in the fighting His only weapon was a single
barrelled, muzzle loading pistol. ‘Taking tua
in his hand, he rushed up behind Lewis and,
at the distance of only a few yards, shet hin
squarely between the shoulders, Then, with
waiting to see the result of his shot, he dropped
his weapon and fled) Lewis, whe happened
to be wearing a heavy overcoat, did not
know that he had been bit, and comtinued li¢
main fight as if nothing had happened When
about a mile from town the fleeing Freeland
some men and reported that he had killed Lewis
Then he continued his flight, and from tha

to this no human being is known to have seca
him alive or dead

It was such a« flagrant case that Lewis was
arrested and tried, buta trial of three day
him the usual acquittal, The news of tt
of Jim Daly was carried to Union, and a:
comrade of his from Denver, named Flanu
buckled on his belt of cartridges and with bis
shooting iron went to Hays City. Ile !

vest

hbecaus ’

even

  

taay

 

there ten days after the shooting at the pire
Hotelg He ate a big meal at the best restau
in tow and had half a dozen sult drinks of wis
key. Then he started out to find Lew: te
found him in a keno game. Going up | a
gainbler he tapped him on the shoulder and said
“So you killed my old partner, Jin Well,

I'm going to shoot you dead

At that he drew his pistol and shot (Lewis |
the forehead. His trial was the most
case in western Kansas in those days :
acquitted on his promise to go back to lnom
and stay there

No story of the exciting days in early Have
City is complete without something ab |
William Hiekok, better know as Wild ia
was a notorlous desperade and man killer
on that score was hired to keep onder ¢
Marshal in Havs City. When a salary of S200
@ month was offered him he put on a
and took two huge loaded revolver
out on his new duties His revolvers were ve
heavy, and his favorite way of using the and
by clubbing Grasping the handles. |. i
pound an obstreperous cowboy inte ins
with the utmost ease He never let f
ment in his endeavor to keep order — |
ment of his old companions among the cow ¢
ers and saloon men made him mary en
and they declared they would have bis lif |
never walked on the sidewalk, kmowiur |
might be an armed foe durking for tun
bitterest foe was Philip Cole, who de
would shoot him on sight One das t
stood in front of the Daisy saloon | Col
up the street and neared the sidewe "
was a shot fired at the Marsal, whether! ‘
or some cowboys nearby will never be }
butin an instant Wild Bil drew both his revolvers
and placed two bullets in Coles lrenst 4
holes where they entered were not two it :
apart, although the men were twenty

 

ees

each other The shooting emptied the .
boring saloons, and 100 or more men \
the spot in a moment, Hickok ordered ,
disperse and be quick about it, and thers

Before the by standers had fallen back far Mio’
Williams, who had heard.) . Nite 7
running up from another part«f the t«
Wild Bill did not recognize him it
Williams had turned against him. for a
same unerring aim that he had just ¢
he levelled both revolvers again N
bullets i und their mark = Williams san}
ing to the ground

rh

  

 

 

e cowboys held a secret meeting at ford

$1,000 for the death of Hickok. but the
not exist among their number who eould ¢
the reward [ill was, howe more warentil
than ever, and therefore carned. in additi
his previous armament. a double barrelled
gun with the barrels sawed off to make the wera
about eighteen inches long This was leaced
almost to the muzzle, and was seldom out ‘
owner's hands, ready for instant use

The greatest killing in Hays City eceurred
one night in the fail of IST] A Miss ‘

named Marin was killed by an [rishmat anid
Pat McCluskey, who was duly tried and aout
Martin's friends undertook to kill) Met

end did so, but in the accompanying »

four other men and one woman were kille

several others were wounded \ mar
McCluskey side shot nine of bis enem
novel way = tle had four sis cters

At the fitst pop of a gun he deliberately wa
up to @ Texan and shot him inthe eve the

  
 

 

ning his arms between the arms and
the dead man, used the body te protect bimoe?t
and shot at will After the fight he mowr
& horse and left town

Mike Fitzpatrick kept a dive which he vr
the Side Track. because the unlucky fellow
got in there found bimself sidetracked
ineney was gone Some «of the decer
were bold enough to protest against bis +
among others a prominent merchant |
patrick did not Lke any inierferer,

usiness, and one moriing he primed |,
with his vile whiskey and started out to kill !
merchant was sought, but hanpened t
of his store Fitzpatrick went up the street t
ening everybody and walked into a !
he saw the city’s Justice of the Peace and
Out the slightest provocation or warning
him through the heart. The Marsha!
Johnson, had been advised that Fitzpatri ’
on a raid, and staried io capture him = S ,
him coming out of the saloon, Johnson d
@ Winchester rifle on a well curb and taking case J

ful sight shot him down in the strees