ae

 

 

WIRESCANDALIN CONGRESS

S4¥S HE'LL ASK FOR AN
INVESTIGATION,

 

woo. ts

fharp Fall ip Steel Stocks Yesterday Steel
and Wire Announces tes Cat Prices
Not Mach Doubt That John W, Gates Was
called Down" by the Directors: Seligman
Group Has Not Retired From the Hoard
Things May Happen at the May Meoting,

 

 

Cqica April 21.- Representative KF, T
Koo an of the Second Ultnola Congress
district offer on Tuesday a reso.
bint the House of Representatives
evong for an investigation of — Wail
street tpethods with regard particularly
+, the recent actions In American Steel and
Wire The Congressman feels that the Gov-
orpment should take measures to preclude the
recurrence of @& coup that has made a
serious disturbance of the country’s busi-
ness, Tie finds that the governors of the

Now York Stock Exchange have been tried
ind he saya they have always been
rin dolug @ plain duty, In his view,
e, the Government should take ef-

 

 

fhereport that IT ahall ask Congress to
shoa thorough inveatigetion of this Amert-

 

 

 

: i ind Wire business [s true,” said Con-
gres Noonan to-day. “In my opinion the
governors ofthe New York Stock Exchange
have the power to regulate the evils aris-
yg from the mismanagement of the
ge vorporations whose stocks ~— and
bonds are handled in) Wall Street. Tho

governors have neglected to exercise their
r,s the aonsequence has been a panio In
securities followed almost invariably by a
severe shock to commercial interests, which,
ofeourse, embraces labor.

“The climax came this week, when tho
Amorican Stee! and Wire Company, & 8110,000,-
vorporation, closed half of ite mills and

powe

G00)
threw 6,000 laborers out of employ.
ment in order to further a strata.
gm in the stock market. If the
consequences were confined to Wall Street

there would not be much harm, but the effect
i drastic act is felt throughout

 

of 8
the country in all business interests. The
fresuency of these practices is  down-
right pernicious to the country, and Inasmuch

as the New York Exchange sees fit to remain
nasmuch as the subject matter ree

pasalve
jates t. interstate commeree and the protec.
tion of labor, I think it {9 time that something
éhould be done by Congreas

The resolution, if passed, will give the
nittee the power to compel tho pres-
of witnesses to testify under oath;
pooks and papers must be produced,
and finally there will be disclosed the in-
Nelency of the rales and regulations of
the New York Stock Exchange in relation to
that important part in the financial systera—
namely, the immediate market for securities,
] think Congress will see the necessity of reg-
nlating these institutions in the senge of Imit-
ingand restricting such disturbances as was
caused by these insiders of the Wire Trust.”

 

 

con

ence

 

A reduction In prices to get rid of accumu-
lated stock was made by the Executive Com-
hittee of the American Steel and Wire Com-
pany yesterday in accordance with the de-
clston reached by the directors on Friday. The
refuction affects the so-called “common
products” of the company--more than one-
third of its total products. Other products re-
main unehanged in price. The reductions
amount to 25 to 30 per cent. and are as fol-

ws: Ten-penny naila, cut in price $14 keg,
which brings the net Pittaburg price, free on
board cars at the mill, to $2.20 a keg; barbed
fence wire, cut $20 aton, or to$2.45a hundred
pounds; plain annealed fence wire, cut 90
cents a hundred pounds, or to $2.15; galvan-
ized fence wire, cut $1 a hundred pounds, or to
$2.40, The New York prices for the sama pro-
ducts are the Pittsburg prices, plusthe regular
all-rall tariff freight rates. It was stated at
the office of the company’s sales agent, 71
roadway, where the cuts were announced,
that “they were made to reduce the company's
stocks, and were subject to change without

notice,’

The stocks of the various fron and steel com-
panies were all very weak in the stock market
yesterday, The widest interest was taken in
American Steeland Wire, and one of the big-

gest crowds of brokers ever seen on the Ex-
change surrounded the Wire post when buail-
ness began. The opening dealings were very
wild, sales of the common stock being made
simultaneously at prices varying al! the way
from 42 to 40%, against 444, Friday's closing
An unexpectedly large short interest was dis-
closed and the purchases from this quarter
were sufflvientto hold up the stock for tho
moment, the price raliving to 42"s, but {n the
tina! dealings there was @ severe decline that
carried the etock to 37%. The last sale waa
made at 38%, a net loss compared with Fri-
day's close of 5% points. The total sales in the
two hours of business were 47,050 shares. The
Preferred stock on sales of 0,480 sharas sold
down to 76, closing at 77, or ata net decline of
1% points, An incident of the trading was the
apparent cessation of the selling of the wire
stocks from Chicago sources that has been a
feature in the trading heretofore,

John W. Gates, chairman of the American
Steel and Wire Company, telephoned to the
company’s office early in the moruing trom the
Waldorf that he was going out of town and
would not return to thia city until to-morrow,
John Lambert, President of the company, was
on hand and he called upon President EF. H.
Gary, of the Federal Stee) Company, It is sup-

osed that Mr. Lambert's visit related to the

illet contract which the company has with

the Tlilinoia Steel Company, It was
the fact that about $500,000 due upon this
contract had not been settled for that brought
A committees representing the Illinois Steol
Company to the meeting of the Wire com-
anys directors on Friday, After Mr. Lambert
ial gone Mr. Gary made the following state-
bent

“The committee, consisting of Mesars. H. H,

  

fogers, Robert Bacon and myself, visited
the board of directors of the Wire come
pany for the purpose of considering
Questions growing out of the business
relations between the Wire company and
cneof the constituent companies of the Federal

Steel Company. The Wire company is under
contract to receive about GBO,000 tons of steel,
hot yet delivered, and it was indebted in a
‘are sulin, which had matured, for steel
uiready delivered, All questions between tha
two companies were satisfactorily adjusted
the Board of Directors of the Wire company
feoeding in every particular to the request of
the Stee! company. The matured! indebted-
ness Was promptly paid, and on arrangement

  

  

niade for a temporary cessation of deliver-
es of steel, T understand the Wire com-
pany i- considering the propriety of making
4 substantial reduction in the prices of some of

the finished materials, for the reason that the
Quantities on band are larger than usual. Such
‘ionean perhaps be made to advantage

re

 

  

 

 

 

    

 

an yet leave prices jarge enough to enable the
" r pany to realize reasonable and satis-
MeCory profits, From the information I have
ved, T think the business of the Wire
,vilany is far from being in a desperate con-
soon Thoughtful and careful management
Shoull place the property and business of that
t mong the very best steel ine
weumutates that the directors’
waverg lively one, and that several
‘ors handled Mr, Gates, 80 to speak,
sioves.” Tt was said by interests
. es petors that either they or Mr.
! ies {have to wo, and they intimated
9 t ely that it would be Mr, Gates who
Ko Tre lerick Straussof J, & W Seligman &
iiestioned yesterday regarding arumor
' latter Priday’s meeting to the effect
! y Seligman, and Thomas Dolan
Kiet as directors of the Wire company,
twill mink this statement. We have not
fe ,) atthe meeting has been adjourned
(OCLDNT GET FENCE WATERIAL.
Plant Shut Down Because of the Steel and
Wire company's Recent Action.
s April 2) The Shimer
’ ny of Anderson closed its
three hundred me ut
| mpany says that it ap
mer n Steeland Wire Company
t wo, for the alleged reason
ritocked, but could not buy a rod
' t hhers failed to secure
‘ forced close \t the
nya plant it was said that
nd and their advices were
rothroughent the countrys
fhecey'’s Dinner to Mr. Mil,
ge oT. ferfy gave a dinner last
ise, 2 Fast Sixty-first street,
who aided him to defeat
th
os “8 Troposedat Albany last winter
w ed for the examination. of his
e a snooty | the State Charities
C \-senator Hill, who was Mr,
a ‘novel ia the matter, was the guest of

ee

'

 

 

His Two Sons Get the Best Offices at the Dis-
posal of His Honor,

‘Lhe suspense of the politicians and aspirants
for office in Jersey City was telleved yesterday
wheo Mayor Hoos announced his appointments
The plums were distributed os follows: Edward
H. Hoos, Dem, aud James J. Murphy, Dem,
Police Justices to suce ed J. Herbert Potts, Rp,
and John J. Nevin, Dem.; term, threa years;
salary, $8,500 Thomas W. Tilden, Police Com
missioner, © succeed Peter Wo M. West, Rep
term, three years, salary, 81,000) Henry Lembeck,
Dem, and Jacob Ringie, ep, Finance Conmis
sioners, reappe nied; term, twovoar® salary, B50

Robert J, itoos, Dem., Tax Commissioner, to suc
ceed John B. MeArthur, Rep. terin, three years
salary, $2,500 Henry Z Niblett, loep. Fire

Commissoner, to succeed Thomas DL Mills, Kep
term, three years; ealary, 81,000) Emil EB Datz,
Hep, City Hall) custodian, reappointed. tern,
three years; salary, 82.000, William lL. Franken
bach, Rep, Sinking Fund Commissioner, to suc
ceed Frank J. Matthews, Hep. term, three years
salary, 85000 1, J Gordon, M.D, Free Library
‘Trustee, reappointed, term, five years, no salary
Willlam A. Lewis and James ©. Rgbert, Reps, re
appointed, Directors of Hducatton, term, two
years, no salary

James FE. Hulshizer, Director at

Je, Dem

MAYOR HOOS’S APPOINTMENTS. 'T Hk

| var

THE

PRESIDENTS VISIT,

 
   

 

HORSE
FROM A DRIVE,

CARRIAGE
ING

Picks Himself Up and Trots Sedately Along
Informal Receptions at the Hotel- Bishop
Potter Among the Callets-Young Woman
With a Pennsylvania Vote tn Her Pocket,

The President and Mra McKinley arrived
here from Paterson, N. J., shortly before noon

yesterday. They were aecompanied by the
President's private secretary, Mr. Cortelyon,
and by Dr. Kixey, the President's physician

The party came from Paterson in the private
Olympia The President assisted Mrs,
MeKinlev from the car to an invalid chair,
Which had been provided for her, The mis-
treas of the White House was very pale and ap-
peared to be much fatigued.

Mr. and Mra, Abner MeKinley were the first
to greet the President and hie wife, and Abner
McKinley introduced the Rev, Dr. A. J. Brown,

| Chairman of the Hospitality Committee of the

Large ofthe Board of Educauon, resigned, and |
John J. Mulvaney, Dem., was appointed in his |

stead. James M. Collins, clerk in the Mayors
office, was promoted to private secretary to fill the
vacancy caused by theappointmentof the Mayors
sop. Edward, as Police Justice Mayor Hoos
takes considerable pride inthe fact that he made
up the slate himael Hle says he took no dicta
thon from ony ‘© Boss,’ and was not affected by
any outside influence, ‘he Mayor is eniicised
for appointing his two sons to the best offices at
his disposal

He said ‘The Tax Board by to-day’sapp int
ment, | know, becomes solidly Democratic for the
first time since 1889, but polities ought to play no
partin that board."’

Mayor Hoos’s predecessors, Democratic and
Repudlican, always gave the minority @ repre
sentation in the Tax Board,

TAHEATRICAL NOTES.

Mary Mannering Says Farewell- Joseph .Jef-
ferson Again as ''Rob Acres,"'

Last night’s performance of “Trelawny of
the Wells” at Daly's was more enthualastically
applauded than usual, It was the end of Dan-
fel Frohman'’s stock company’s season and
also the farewell of Mary Mannering as
the leading woman, Next fall she will be pnt

forward as a star by Fred ©. Whitney. As
Rose Trelawny she appears to advan.
tage, Shoe received many flowers last
night and was called upon for a apeech.
She has been a member of — this

organivation four years coming to us 48 @
strangerfrom Englaud. The following are the
plays ahe has acted tn, always having the chief
female parts, andin this order
ship of feonte." “The Late Mr. Costello,” “The
Firat Gentieman of Europe,”
“The Princesa and the Butterfly,” “The Tree of
Knowledge’ "Trelawny of the Wells,”
“Amertcans at Home,” John Ingerfleld,’ “The
Manceuvres of Jane,” “The Ambassador.” and
“The Interrupted Honeymoon.”
acted in the balcony scene of “I
Juliet,” andin “The Prisoner of Zenda,”
the company’s tours.

Joseph Jefferson showed his imperavnation
of Bob Acres tn “The Rivals’ at the Fifth
Avenue Inst night for the first timathis season,
It ijatoo familiar to require comment, except
that it was inno way changed. The company
neluced Verner Clarges as Sir Anthony Abav-
hte, Ffolliott Pagetas Mra. Malaprop, Joseph
Jefferson, Jr., as Sir Lucius O'Trigger, Elsie
Lestie as Lydia Languiah, Boyd Putnam as
Captain Absolute and Blanche Bender as Lucy

on

EXHIBITION OF PHOTOGRAPSHS.

 

 

Prizes Awarded Last Night at the Art Rooms
in Montague Street, Brooklyn,

A private view of the tenth annual exhibitton
of photographs by members of the Departinent
of Photography of the Brooklyn Institute of
Arta and Sciences was given Jast night at the
Art Rooms, 174 Montague street, There are
over seven hundred members of the Depart-
ment and most of them, as well as inany mem-
bers of the various other departments, were on
hand, It wassuch a large gathering that few
persons were able to make acloseinspectionof
the 434 photographs which comprise this year's
exhibition, but the general opinion was that
they show more care and artistic work than
those of any previous exlubition. The judges
who were Alfred Steiglitz, Charles M. Skinner
and J. Carlton Wiggins, awarded the prizes as
follows: First prize, Henry Wenzel for “Night.”
second prizes. W. B, Colson for “Brown Octo-
ber,” Archibald Horne for “Edge of Marsh.”
and Landon Gurtitz for “Launch of the Life
Boat.” W. A. Bogger, Myers R. Jones. FE. B
Hutchinson, F. A. Parret and Henry 1. Under-
hill received honorable mention, The exhibt-
tion will remain open until May 5, the hours be-
ing from 9 A. M. to6 P. M.,, and from 7.0 P.M
until 10 P. M

 

NATIONAL UNIVERSITY PROBLEM,

 

Dr. Rogers Says It Is Whether Romanism or
Protestantism Should Predomtnate.

Avpany, April 21.—At to-day's seasion of the
Troy Methodist Conference Dr. Rogers offthe
American University at Washington created a
mild sensation. He explained the work of the
university and {ts methods and then said:

“We are approaching 4 crisis which must be
met withastrong front. There is bound to be
a National University at Washington, and wo
have the nucleus of what might become such
unlveralty, If the Methodists do
not take up the work other desominations
will. The Catholics have built a university,
whieh ia grasually t
as many of you know, Pope Leo XITT. has dele.
gated Bishop Keane to collect $2,000,000 for
the university. He has had remarkable
success and will continue to have it.”

Continuing he said: “In fact, brethren, I
might say that the question has resolved itself
into the problem of whether Romanism or
Protestantiam {sto predominate. Washington
is the naturegattia ground forthe fight of the

reat divisiows of the faith, and the work of
reat universities representing the faiths
ave a controlling influence.”

the
will

DEWFY INVITED TO NEW ORLEANS,

He Listens to the Invitation Which Had Been
Dictated Into a Phonograph,

WASHINGTON, April 21. Admiral Dewey to
day accepted an invitation to visit New Orleans
the latter part of next month and spend three
days at the Flower Carnival to be held there May
24, 25 and 26. The invitation was brought to
Admiral Dewey to-day by Messrs, Lawter, Rich-

ards and Sullivan, representing the carnival man
agers, The invitation was dictated into a phono-
graph in New Orleans by an orphan child, who ex-
plained that the Flower Carnival is to be given for
the charities of the city of New Orleans, and begged
the Admiral to be present during the festivities
The cylinder and phonograph were brought here
by the committee and taken to Admiral Dewey's
home, where Admiral and Mrs. Dewey listened
to the invitation as spoken from the instrument

reaching the front and, |

“The Court- |

"Tho Mayflower,” |

She has also |
“Romeo and |

' were moving away Bishop Potter came,

Keuminical Conference, who extanded the wei-
come of the conference to the President,
Othera present to greet the President were
Cornelius N, Bliss and Morria K, Jesup and Wil.
liam 8. Hawke of the Hotel Maubuattan, The
President attended Mrs, McKinley as she was
wheeled ty the elevator and to the carriage in
waiting at the foot of the elevator shaft, The
paity came to Now York in tho ferryboat Phila-
delphia.

Just after the ferryboat had pulled out of the
slipa woman and a little gir) appronched the
President's carriage, Detective Funston from
Police Headquarters, who was on the box,
eyed the woman sharply and Detective Foy,
who was on the box of Abner MeKin'ey'’s car-
riage, got down and hovered about her. Mrs,
Mekinley looke! out of the carriage window at
the woman and smiled, That was all the
woman wanted. She promptly lifted up the
child to the carriage window and Mra. McKtn-
ley took the little one’s face in hor hands and
kissed it. The woman was Mrs, Entwistle of
4G Astor place, Jeraey City, and the child was
her @ight-year-oid daughter Adelaide,

The suceess of Mrs. Entwistle prompted Mrs,
Mary White of Reynods place, Jersey Oy
to see what she could do for. ber ten-year-old
daughter Hazel, Hazel preferred, if ahe was
to be kissed atall, to have the kissing done by
tho President rather than Mra, MeKinley, and
80 her mother took the child around to the
President’s side of the carriage. The Presi-
dent looked out and Hazel was lifted up, but
the President, possibly remembering the fate
o! Hobson with older girls, simply shook the
ehild’s hand and smitled

Atthe Twenty-thir! streat ferry the party
Was met by a squad of four mounted police-
men, which was the escort of the carrlage to
the Hotel Manhattur The President had
hardly reached hia apartments when the cards
of callera began coming in. Mr. MeKinley
noticed that there were several old friends
among the callers, and 80 he decided to go ont
and hold @ sort of general reception in the
matin parior, He found there William BE. Dodge.
John 8. Kennedy, John Crosby Brown, John
Sloan, Majyor-Gen. Westley Merritt, Rear Ad-
yofral Philip, Col. John J. MeCook and Kev. Dr,
Willtam RK. Huntington,recror of Grace Chureb

The President chatted with bis callera for
ten or fifteen minutes
He

| chatted for several m.nutes with the Presi-«
dent

The Presitent went driving with Morria K
Jesup in the atternoon, Jeaving the hotel
Abont 2.50 and returuing about 4 o'cioek,

Justafter the carriage, un open victoria, had
turne? into Forty-second street
avenueon theway back to the hotel, one of Mr.
Jeaup’s horses slipped on the ear track, falling
and sliding several feet along the pavement
As soon as the throng on efther side of the
street recognized the lrasident a rush was
made forthe carriage. Quickly as the crowd
closed tn, however, the prostrate horse was
quicker, When he stopped aliding he lay per-
fectly stil! fora second or two, as if to make
aure that his feet were braced, and then he
Jumped up, shook himself and fell into the

 

 

stride of hia mate, leaving an applauding
crowd behind
When tha Presitent reached the hotel he

found there Cornelius N. Bliss, who had come
to take him tothe Cuban Orphans’ Fair, | Mr.
Hliss,Mr. Jesup, Mr. Cortelyou and Abner
McKinley went along with the President to the
Metropolitan Opern House, There was plenty
of applause as the President stepped from his
carriage at the Broadway ontranee tothe Opera
House, and once inalde and recognized, he had

an ovation Mr. MeKinley remained at
the Opera House about ten minutes
and then returned to the hote! Among

the callers waiting to pay thelr respects was a
Mr. Steele of New York, who brought two
young women, oneof them from Pennsylvania,
to meet the President. Their names were sent
in andthe President sent word back that he
would be outin «a few minutea. The Venn.
sylvania girl, who had big, brown eyes and
wavy brown hair and was just as good looking
as good-looking New York girla, was expect-
ant. Fvery second or two she would look
toward the door through which Mr. McKinley
was expected to come,
pearat the end of five minutes she exclaimed:

“My heart {3 just palpitating like a trin-
hammer. [wish he'd hurry up. But IT shan’t
tell him what my politics is My! Idon'tknow
what papa woul] say if he knew Icame hereto
meet Mr. McKinley. But Idon'tcare. If he’s
nice, Til just go home and tell papa he’s got to
vote for him, and he'll doit. Papa always does
what I tel! him to.’

At length the President came out and he
was presented to the young women. Aa ha
extenied his hand to the Pennsylvania girl she
looked at him critleally for a moment, and thea
sald:

“How do you?’

The President amiled and said something
about being pleased to meet her and she
promptly replied

“Thank you. I am delighted to have met
you, Mr. President.”

Then Mr. Steele sidled overto Mr. MeKinley
and bewan talking into his right ear. The
Pennsylvania girl looked at the President a
few minutes longerand then, turning to the
other young woinan, sald

“T've a notion to tell him he'll hava one more
yote in Pennsy!vanta this time than he had last,
Isn'thea dear?’

 

  

Ip. eompany with Corneline N. Bliea, Morria
K. Jesup, Dr. Rixey and Abner. MeKinley,
the President _ieft the hotel for Carnes
gie Hall at 7:40) o'clock, The mounted
nollee aquad acted as escort of the
earringes. 4 ‘rowd had ascembled_ in

front of the main entrance to Carnegie Hall
in Fifty-seventh street in anticipation of see-
ing the President when he arrived The
party went in by the staga door In Fifry-
sixth street Abont fifteen minutea after
the party had got inte the hall a polleeman
went around into Fifty-seventh etreet and
told the crowd there was no use waiting as the
President had been in the hall half an hour,
The President returned to the hotel shortly
after he had finished his sneech, reaching his

/ apartments about 45 P.M

Admiral Dewey assured the committee that he |

would be present r
West he w ll attend a meeting of the Naval Board
on May 20 and leave Washington fn time to reach
New Orleans on May 25

RUTGERS DEBATERS WIN.

They Upheld the Proposition of Sabsidizing
Our Merchant Marine.

New Brunswick, N,J., April 21.—The NRat-
gera college team debaters scored a victory
Jast night over the representatives of New
York University in a debate on the subject
"Should the Government Subsidize our Mer-
chant Marine?’ The Kutgers men tonk the af-
firmative. They showed morefamiliar.ty with
the subject than theiropponents. Ex-Mayor W
[.. Strong of New York, the chairman, in
speaking for the judges, said that in their
opinion the Rutgera men richly deserved. the
award, and he commended thelr logic and su-
periority In presentation The other. two
udges were Superintendent Maxwell of the
New York schools and Judge MeLean of the
Supreme Court

Child Strangled by a Collar Putton,
While Ethel Hubbard, 20 months oll, was

playing yesterday on the floor of the house of
her parents, 172 West 10 th street, she picked
n , » uffton an rled to swallow
upapearl colar button and tried
it. The button lodg@ed in her throat. Her
mother picked her np and ran to the drug
store at YS) Amsterdam avenue. A physietan
tried to take the button from the ehild'’s

throat, but failed. The child died a few min-

utes later

Shad and Bloefish Ranning Strong.

shatand bluefish seem to be running un-
neually atrong this spring. An old fisherman
who has been around these waters for twenty-
five yenes said the other day that during hia
time he had never seen the fish run as at
reaent. More than athousand shat were taken
rom the nets the other day to the vweoinity
of Gravesend Bay, the largest number ever
caught there ip a single day, The flahermen
off Fire Istand are niso jabilant over the way
bluefish are running at that place, They are
sending large boatloads to the city daily.

rl

After returning from the trip |

MeKiniey was too fatigued to attend
lretired very eariv. The Com-
menta had seat aside for her
hox 45, whieh as artistioniiy decorsted, It
should not be understood that Mra. MeKinley
is seriously ill, but the journey from Paterson
tlred her more than such ionrneva usually do,

The President will leave for Washington at
midnight to-night, He will remain in Waah-
ington until to-morrow night when he will

Mra,
the meeting at
mittee of Arrat

   

leave for Canton, where he wllremain for
three or fourdays. The oltect of the Presi.
dent’a visit to Canton is to inapect his house,

which hos been undergoing exteasive repaira
preparatory to ccenranes thie anmnmer,

Objected to the Negroes in the Pratrie's Crew,

New Onreass, April 21.—The United States
ecrufaer Preirle, now on a ernise asa school
ship forthe benefit of the Naval Reserves of
the various Atlantie States, arrived in thia
port at 11 o’elovck this morning. There are
sO mane negroes in the crew that a large pare
of the Naval Reserves have refuaed to go on
the eight days’ cruise whieh was planned to
begin on Monday throngh Cuban waters, They
say ther willnot “bunk with niggers,”

Yes, Hot The Goods;

for the styles are right, the ma-
terials are correc’; but the season
has been wronq—cold weather
has tarried too jonq—it means
dowbdls work in a shorter space of
time—yet our organization is
prewared for it and we work on a
moderate margin,

Burnhams Phillips

Custom Tailoring Onty,
Cemple Court Annex, Wo Nassaw St,

 

 

 

 

    

—— ——-
Wanted acase of bat henaith that Ri? AN S will
not benest, One gives rellef matter what's the
matter, one will do vou good A cure may result tf
directions are followed, they banish pain, Induce
sleep, prolony life Solf at all drum stores, ten for
five cents, De sure to wet the genuine. Don't be

fooled by Substitutes, Ten samples and a thousand
testimonials will be mailed to any address for 5 cents
forwarded to the Kipans Chem. Co., 10 Spruce, N.Y.

  

\\

Just asthe last ofthem |

from Fifth |

and when. he didn’t ap- |

SUN, SUNDAY, APKIL

FALLS RETURN. |

22,

| DEATH OF CHANCELLOR M'GILL,

| . comes
| Twice Appointed to His High Office. Had Been
Jodge of the Common Vleas,

| Alewander Taggart MeGill, Chaueellor of New |
Jersey, died about 4:30 AM. yesterday at his |
home 276 Barrow street, Jersey Clty He hat |
been ading for a year, anit ix weeks ago all |

hope of bis recuvery was abandoned His death

J is attributed to nervous brostration, result.
ing from) overwork, His health began to
fail about thres years ago, but he con |

{tinuad to devote bis enire attention to
Nis duties, Last veer hespent several months in

| Burop When he returned to this country ia

| September lis health was greatly improved fle

again took tp the tabortous work of tis offlee, con-
trary to the advice cf bias brother, Dr. Joha Db
MeGill, and bis friends, and bis health broke down
again. He went to the Johos Hopkins Hospital
in Baltimore aud renained under treatment there
for tome time It was thought his health had
beea greetly improved, but when he returned to
his howe he resumed bis Work and he was again

prosttated

 

larly

whieh had been
|
|
|

| Vogl

 

SS

his’erm would notespire until LYOL, and take an
other trip io Europe His: resignation was pre
mare| and he was about to send it to Gov
| Oorhees when his last illness came upon him
Pa, in 1448
ander T. MeG lt, who was profesacr of thatugs
e
'
|
|
|

He did not appear in Chancery Chambers regu-
but he examined all papess in eases
heard by the Vico Chancellors,

Atigned all the deerees aod sornetinnes heard appli
cations fron lawyers at ius tome, Several weeks
arout wasdecidet that he should reeig |, although

the

Chancellor McGill was born in Allegheny City,

Hie was a son of the Rev. Alex
iu the seminary at Princeton for acy vears.
utred Princeton College and graduaiedin 1864,
He studied tawin the Columbia Law  Seboo! in
this city and afterward in the office of Edward W.
Scudder of Trenton, Who alterward became a
Justice of the Snpreine Court, He formed alaw
partnership with the late At orney- General Rotert
Gilchrist in Jersey City In 1875 = he
wos appointed Corporation Counsel of Bayonne
and in 1874 was elected to the Assemtiy He was
redlected the following year. Gov. Gecrge 1s,
McClellan appointed him Prosecutor of Hudson
County and five years later he was appointed
Judge of the Common Pleas and General Sessions
Courts. Gov. Robert S. Green elevated him
fo the Chaveellorshipin 1887 to succeed the late
Theodore Runyon and at the expiration of his
gd seven years later, Gov, Werts reappointed
im

OBITUARY.

 

The report comes from Munich that Heinrich
one of the most famous Wagnerian tenor
in Germany, ts dead. He was bern in Munich
15, 1845, and during bis entire career

on Jan

| was a member of the opera company at the Royal

Theatre there He was attached to a school

in Freising, and after several years of teaching
Lie made his prey
Lachner and sang Mar
with great success in No-
He succeeded Schnorr von Carls-
feld as the model Tristan and was famous for
vears in that role He created Loge in “Das
Rheingold” at Bayreuth in 1876, and sane the
part repeatedly at Mayreut! and in other Ger
man cities Although be remained a member
f the company at Munich from the time of his
debut until his death, he appeared elsewhere on
leave of absence and once came to the United
States He sang at the Metropolitan Opera
House in the days of the German regime there,
but met with slight success and was continually
indisposed throughout his stay in this city. Some
weeks ago Herr Vor) annotinced that he would
retire from the stage at the close of the present
season. Only_a few weeks ayo he made his re
appearance in Munich after an absence of a month

decided to take up the stage
aration under Franz
“Der Freigehutz”

1565.

in
vem ber,

due to sickness Last winter he composed an
opera, called “Der Fremdling,” which was sung
in Munich, with Mme Ternina in the cast It

Was admitted that the opera might never have
been heard but for the Munich public’y atfection for
the composer. Herr Vow] had a stéck farm near
Munich, where he reised fine cattle His wife,
Therase Vowl. was for seventeen yeara the eaciey
dramatic soprano of the Munich company an
did not retire until 1802. She survives her hus
band Fer many years his performance of Isolde
was considered equal her Tristan.

Mr Frank Rockwell Palmer, Mator command
ing the ‘Tenth Battalion National Guard and
Comptroller of the City of Albany, died yester
day morning. He had been ill two days with

 

acute indigestion, He was a son of the late A. |
P Palmer, a prominent local banker, and was
82 veers of age He was Captain of Company

A, First New York Volunteers, during the Spainsh
American War, stationed at Honolulu, where
he was if] for some weeks

Julius Arthur von Hluinerbein, engineerin the
Water Department of the Borough of Queens,
died at his home in Elmhurst, L. 1, yesterday,
aged 63 He was born in Pruasia and was grad
naval from whe Imperial Military College in Ber
lin and served as a First Lieutenant in the Fourth
Regiment of Guards during the Franco-Prussian
Sar Hecame to America in 1872 and followed
civil engineering and surveying. Heis survived |
yy a Widow and four children

Alexander Spence, a son of the Rev. Dr. James

  
 

Spence of Aberdeen, Seotland, died on Vriday |
at his home, 161 State street, Brooklyn, in his
SIXty seventh year He was born in Seodland |

and bad livedin Brooklyn for the last forty-seven

 

years. Fora number of years he had been engaced
in the conimission business with his stepeon,
George Fo Weeden, at 82 Front street, Manhattan

He was a member of the Manhattan Chess Clul
N. Ferree Lightner, one of the best known men
in insurance circles in Philadelphia, died at his
home in Zernaut, Chester county, Pa., on Priday
He wat prominentin Grand Army circles and the
Masonic fraternity, in which he was a Past Master
and High Priest and Prophet of Lulu Temple
Ancient Arabic Order of the Mystic Shrine, of
whieh he was a charter member
Mrs. Carolina FE. Haskell, whose philanthropy
has mate her fame national, died at Michigan
City, Ind., yesterday after a long illness, She |
was born in New York on July 20, 1842, and mar
ned Frederick P Haskell in 186200 Mr. Maskell |
diedin 1890 Mrs. Haskell has given away more |
than §1,000,000 in ten years
Hayerof, one of Dunkirk’s oldest |
steened citizens, died suddenly |
artonlast Friday night Mr. |
|
|

Joseph
and inuyt highly
of neurnie)dia of the he

 

  

Haveroft was born in 1884 in Angelea, N
He leaves a wife and two children
Gideon D. Harmer died at his home in Phil
adelphia on Friday, aged 53 years. He was a}
consin of the late Congressman A.C. Harmer !
|

THEY RFEPUDIATE PRANK JONES,

Anti-Saloon Repub'icans Protest Agatnat

|

\

Making Him a Delegate to Philadelphia. |
Coxcorp, N, A, April 21.—The Anti-Saloon |
League has sent out efreniara signed bythe |
Superintendent, J, M. Manning, containing the |
following: |
“Somo teaders of the Republican party in |

this State are seeking to bring a}
notorious brewer and liquor seller |
of Portsmouth into the party leader.
ship by makiuge him a delegate-nt-lnrge
to the next National Convention of that
party, Should thetr efforts succeed, his in- |

fluence wil! be actively employed to secure the |
repeal of the temperance Inws of this State |
and to protect their violators from such pun- |
iahmentasthev justly deserve. Every friend |
of the temperanes canse in the Sate, |
regardiess of purty relations, but more
especially those affiiteted with the Renubifcan |
y, Ought to resept this novement.”
Yroularthen proceeds with the striet- |
ures avalnst the National Administration on
account of ita alleged “null fleation of the |
Antl-Canteen law, and coneluides:
"Will you not help to defeat this aeheme by
|
|

 
 
 

nsing your influence with the delegates of
your ward or town to the Republican State
Convention which meets in Coneord on the
24th?

1 MEMORIAL TO COL, BRERETON,

Kaotgers to Honor Its Former Instructor of
Military Tactics.

April 21.—A me-

Brereton. who shot

New Bresswick, N. J,
morial tablet to Col J.J

  

 

himself whflle insane in the Philippines, will

be unveiled in Kirkpatrick Chapel, Rutgers
College, on Mae 10, Col, Brereton was for-
merly instructor of military tacties at Rutgers

4¢ the rnveiling the Will be an acddresa be
President Austin & amtoan address by a@ |
graduate of the Rutgers College Cadet Corps

The corre will be out in foree, The tablet, |
whieh wil be putin plice in atew days, is of | :
bronze, with ratsed letter mn a boeking of | 4
quartevedoak. | s similar tothe tablet al. |
rendvin place in tha ehap | to the memory of !

Dr, fobn Blair Gitus, the frat Amertean killed |
inthe Santivgo campaign in T'%, who was a;

graduate of Rutgers

MUERDER IN) VEWARA,
.

ao Negroes Killa Third for Whom They Are

 

Sald to Uase bain in Wate
A murder was pernetrated last night in
the tenement, 2J4 West Kinney street,
Newark, the vietim being @ negro named
james Allen, aucd 24. wholwith his wife
and child, ocenpled apartmentaon thesecond
r lu the booee lived two brothers “San-

 

nie" and “Mungzie Miehel, eoloret men who
coe from Georgia two months ogo bringing
thelr with — them Allen quar
relled with the Michels this evening
snd they, it is said, lay in wate for hin
Later he descended to the hall and the other
tenants heard two shots fred, Rushing Into
the ball, they found Allen prostrate and bleed.
ing. He died without a word,

The Michel Hrothers had disappeared, The
police arresfed three uegro wonen in the house
as wilnes

 

pistols

 

 
  

etter eneneresstenesenenciinanisnmnicatiaernendimminmmtandaemmnnmmees

 

1900.

   

     

PAINE’S CELERY COMPOUND

 

KEEPS HERVE AND AMBITION STRO

REV. FRED PFEIFFER, SEDALIA, MO., Writes:

“My nervous system was entirely broken down by overwork. I
could not eat nor sleep. For four months I was in the hospital, but
without any decided benefit. At last, I purchased a bottle of Paine’s
Celery Compound, and soon felt its wonderful curative effects. Four
bottles of the Compound restored me to health and strength; I am
now ambitious to work, have a good appetite, and sleep well.”

There is no strength and ambition to work when
the nervesand body are weak or diseased. Paine’s
Celery Compound sustains the strength of the
nerves and of the stomach, liver and kidneys.

I An Honest, Straight Whiskay

is not better than “doce

 

RETURNED SOLDIER IN JAE. GHOSTIiY SHAPE AT A CEMETERY,

Accused of Assaniting and Robbing Two Agel |) New Haven Residents Sald to Re Frightened |
Women Near Glenmere Lake. | ata Pecullar Moving Sight. |

 

 

     
 

   

 

 

   

  

 

 

  

     

   

    

       

            

 

    

 

2 : ial os Pe : “> ” .
Newnunoa, April 2] —Amos Gorish of Flor- New Haves. Conn, April 21.—The residents | Y tored up ones, then
ida, Orange vounty, @ returned Philipmine - of Winthrop avenue and other streets adjacent | why should we be pare
Gier, who has mn pratofore borne & good charade = mee me Comey ate Series pone \ ticular to get pure milk,
ter, is in jail for a murderous a@sault) for two nights the cemetery has been the cs
this morning on an aged woman, Martha | seene of a strange phenomenon. Last night honest butter, flour, tea,
A. Raynor, living on top oof the sar nightat TZo'cloek sharpa bright white coffee, Sugar or anys
mountains near Glenmere Lake trorish cht, taking somewhat the shape of a woman | thing else ?
visited the Raynor house, where were Muss Gothedin flowing robes, mani‘ested [tself near |
Raynor and her sister, each about 0 years the marble entranee. The appearance of tha
old, and with drawn knife demanded that) shape tas been accompanied with a groan- at,
tho money fn the honse should be handed | ing nolae as if of some one in) pain Laine wich oo
over to him The women were het ine | The noise ean he heard for some distance Waban Avorrep Juiy emt
clined to aequiesca in his demands and he and it is this which caused the reign of ter- ‘OLD CROW: Crow
threatene! to assault them ifthe hil pace por Toenight a crowd of 500 peraons gath-
ofthe money waa not revealed. ‘They finally. ered around the cemetery. Only two of the “~ f
| coneented to tell the whe uts of the | number ire, yenree. enough i 4 {
saul live te four ths ardiy a the eutere the - _
} money if he woul 1 - ; the I lives, H ind geounds | han . 1 art hytd panie caland ae 4 R e
Some movement on the part of the woman led them the shape having approached RYE o
him to suspect that he was being trapped, and | Che Phe young men say that their ungrace- q ‘ — ater :
enasing in his search for. wealth he made ra ean Was Pa ene OY nome UO Leh, Doe ia en ay IS pos tively | traight,
. per tabae wedi ie h ro Bhaipe tus disappeared, i HB Kirk Aco, and is mide by the
cure e ee alice When He hautenad (0 row night aie mpmities wt | be ate Peni se smalls tub HAND-
" nine waa sane ¢ ete > ente werrounts and? approae m Fe VONe
ihe vilina vei to dn and hae ett ety = a here are se e ) think the hoes MADE SOUR MASH
a ahant Perak oi " hs 90 7 it isn wil yelp: vist “The com ny in tar re process, UN! (he James Crow formula,
Rasnor homestead, He was esuch sg, 2 POOR POI apnihy ee und undthistheory which renders competition hopeless,
Dr hare arenas (here Are HUL BET r =e : Ra . > 4
that Miss Raynor will recover H. 8 eha & CO
IPILANTICO COAST LINE UNTON, * Nale fa ene aa var. “
FRANK MGOVERN ARRESTED, Consolidation of Its) Various Properttes 5

STOKES DIVORCE JO BL GRANTED?

Abvat in Charlesten, 8S. ©,
Apit! 21-—At 9 special

Brought

Accused of Embezziing $1,000 From a Court ; ;
WAPLPSTON, S

  
   

 

      
 

 

       

     

     

   

      

     

 

    

 

 

 

of the Order of F< ters Referce's Report Supnosed to bbe in 4
- M any veo poo Meet of the stockholders of the Atiantle , D. 8 aaa’ 1 nd oe
eGover ose ars ol ’ e . . » Stokes’s Daver
Frank MeGov rn yen tay Cnaat Line Railroad, held here to-day, the en- :
’ ’ , r ve { “ " We \\ m S ne refo
Patchen avenu Br ; - . thre Coast Line properties were agnaolidated The report of William N. Cohen as referee fn
a w , v ’ tives ease o eit vides de | ;
at his home lavt night : i Raiph Maing the system one corporation, controlling tne ase of Rita H ad Je Alba Btokos
j ! ate C > mm ‘ ! t me te yoree fron i Y
Mitchel! sand —s hoster " - about two thousand #ix hundred miles of ralie | | + an absvlute divorcee from William) Farle
} avenue station on A varrant MY road, Tho properties consolidated were the | Dodge Stokes, has been fled in the Suprome
en faaues YMasietrate Steers in tl ' " ot > public In ,
had been fsaued by Magistrate Btee ny {tlantic Coast Line of South Carolina, the , Court It is not open to pub Inspection,
Gates avenue coart charaing we wit \ee wel \eontie Coost Line oo” Virginia and other Referes Cohen declined yesterday to state
any ' “1 t an? was fey mnie scab . .
aieeny af ee : if ae rettels + ‘. un i we Ea! nrolins in whose favorit is, At the oMce of Sherrill &
i Tetobe a ' : ' Wh | ‘ ere  Fllioee, ° : - ; :
Hannigan alieces in his complaint that py ygron, President; Henry Walters Lockwood, attorneys for Mrs. Stokes, it was
“Gover ymbegzied £1,000 mils yy tte yiea- President i . lyeateriny that the meinbars of
Meu wern has en ge NE he: se Wilm » View President; A. Hamilton, pais yesteriay that the meinhars of the firm
of Court Corringe No. 43, Crder } ing, Va. Second Viee-Presidant; C8. had lett word that no inforuation about the
MeGiovern refised to talk att stn? Ast (in ‘ae Charleston, &. ¢ Third View-Presi- | case was to be given! porters
hight excent fe deny he was guiltvandt on) dent Phe i vard of rectors are: BON, sit is uinehe rete I that toe report ie tn favor of
that he was the oMeial collector for that eou , ‘omer taltimores 1, Borden, Gol Mrs. Stokes er tu hal pout in an ane
hago, XN. ¢ Howard, Tarboro, N.C; | sWerdenyi og the charges vlultery, put itis
{ Donald Mel Walters and J. Wo Norwood, | @e¢ommen thing to putin formalanswers ofthat
Wilmingt N. 4 Michael Jenkins and | 8ortinordertonvont publi I! no answer
Waldo Neweomer, Baltimore; Fred W, Seott, ) Were putio denying the charges the ease would
] mon DD W Lassiter, Petersburg: HB have tobe tried in open int. and an effort at
' Lake Wacvatnuw, and J. J Lueas, seryeey Nes i eon, nate in the case from "Te
oy i, &. ¢ start r an ra both agreed to
it wos sa yr to-day's meeting that no | have the case sent to a referen and Justice
gener. mortgage woul! be ereated to replace | Fitagerald named Mr. Cohen as referee, The
Hie Sarious nortgages now outstanding | reference has been short, an is supposed it
peaninnieaentl would hive been much longer f there Rea
heen iLoover the ! + ye dectaion
The Weather, Will Drew hiss eat as
will pul when the «le + flled
4 ' torm bewan to break and lose Its Phe Stowes marcige took place on Jan. 3
as . 5 r lest - i IN, when #he was about 20 yeara of 1
\ , en ca ceneral atmospheric depre nt rut Mfteens ars younger than hee husband
terior wh vised clouds and show | T ney ere . son, + e ne { wh . resides
 weaid Lie as nice nd lowa eastward? with his mother st the 'uZa tel Mr.
It e oh a : sat . . a ta here | Stokes lives at 242 West Seventy-sixth street
\ iar 1 rut a ( } t
Atlant ates
» ty tore
~_ Wy . TT 4 . ’ ‘ e t wenther was generatis
And then vou would g An ide)! : . ,
falr a“ ent ge tenipereatirein

't tat t And ttiea weather

CF brothers, ree Oe ee

tered wie Mark

Reg
I

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
 

ty t |

. a average veloelty z . e

Two ) Cor, 25th St. & 4th Ave. | Two | ie See" George & John Gordon Smith
Stores. | 40 East 23d St. } Stores  , RAM. BOTS: A qo. | nf ak
ra - ‘ rat's Glenlivet Distill
ares at enlivet Distillery
roet “ nihe annexed table

’ “ : aces) aie beg to intimate that Glenlivet is a

DON T FAIL eat thou tour ane hoe. toot district which belongs exclusively

ty eee the New LM s no 6P M.60 | Bn to His Grace the Duke of B ond

: Mo 67* HP M692 44? and Gordon, and that their Dist ilery

ALL TILE : i Ven | was the First and is now the Only

LaitiINGTON FORBE A VOR TODAY AND TO toehaed Distillery in Get etoand

MOKRO hat they are the sole manufactur-

Tiled Inside and Onotside fr 4 1
rs of Glenlivet Whisks
. ’ ry} pgiand, eastern New York, eastern Penn | ers of G
REFRIGERATORS. eyitar a jersey, showers today, fair and Sole Consiguees, “~
‘ rrimer Mond freak east winds
Most Perfect Ever Introduced the District of Columbia, Delaware, Maryland C
PIE BRUNSWICK: BALKE.- Virwinta, Keorral houds { fitr and y
CULLENDER COMPANY, warmer Monda east Winds sniiting to south Ww feholson St pain uren
ds | 7 sg ole Age for sf
860 BROADWAY, COR, 17TH ST., ane aie , kein kee ten, | eh ERO cai Hoasannce te _
y. ¥. CIVY, weil day, Moiuday, falr The ie ct toler tthe G
ade fresh soutuea us Bstavilsoed 1884