THE PATH BEYOND THE LEVEE,

ad Railroad.

  

A Story of the Uadergro

yrignt 1900, by S.S McClure Co

INTRODUCTION

Many years AKO, long before the breaking

tof the Civil War, the writer of this book was
@ civil engineer and land surveyor in what was
@en and is now called the Attakapas country
of J~uisiana

| bad been sent to louisiana by my stepfather
arn the business, It being bis intention that
giver study and experience, T should return to
py bome in the wetilement near the mouth of
we Gila River on the West Coast of Africa, where
be live! '

| left there in the year 1844, being nearly 2
re of age, and having no knowledge or ac

Cop

wir

year
quantance with the world except that gained
from books and from the officers and crews of

Be various vessels that traded atour barracoon

\Jy stepfather was ambitious and had plenty
of moneys and it was his darling scheme to lay
ef the country inte farms, colonize them and
qsiablish an independent government upon the
west coast

Portugal beld nominal possession of the dis
frie t he wished to locate, and be had obtained
grant of an enormous tract of land for that

nanwoe This was when the slave trade was
fourishing, but the growing pressure of the Eng
ish and American war vessels crippled bim

fnancially, aud bis barracoon being eventually

destroyed, he left Africa and settled in Missis

@ppi in 1854
These changes interfered with his plans for

ps education and future prospects, and | was
ebliged to depend upon miyael!

The deck of asiaver was 4 wild schoolin which
fo learn the alphabet of life, and when George
Weaner approached me with his extraordinars
echeme, he little knew the past history of his
ept pupil, He often wondered at my easy adap
tation to negro character and my knowledge
of WestCoast gibberish

| commenced this narrative thirteen years ago,
before my stepfather’s death. Since he died,
1 have obtained possession of his papers and
@hall soon pu! jish them

They tell the story of the life of an Afnican
pincer. that rivals the wildest romance in interest
while dealing tn literal facts

end adventure
Mans of the actors are yet living more are
dead and atthe bottom of the sea,

C J BRADLEY

CHAPTERI

For ten years previous to the outbreak of the
Jate Civil War and until the fall of Fort Sumter,
Twasaresidentof the State of Louisiana

During the last five years before the war 1 was
e” accredited agent of the then notorious under
ground railroad, a corporation whose history
written and unwritten, contains enough romantic
adventures, hairbreadth escapes, examples «/
patient endurance and pathetic scenes to furnish
the annals of a nation

The legends of this road are so interwoven
with romance that itis difficult to extract the true
from the false. In this story, however, LI shall
endeavor to present a true narrative of events
in which 1 was personally interested, as they
occurred in the Dark Beltof Louisiana in the “days
before the war’

Five years of my life were passed in tne service
ef this underground railroad, and | was a direct
participant in many of the events here chronicled
Thad a partner, George L. Wesner. a young man
about 25 vears of are -a born leader of men
cool and determined, with a warm heart and open
band to the call of the friendless = butas an enemies
@ man to be feared, for he was a crack shot and

slo iver pirate. and to his cool courage ;
recklean an Af P : pop wre { a waite lady, and that the Iady did not talk Eng

and resistless energy our success was largely
due. He was my ideal then, and although forty
years lie between then and now, | thrill with ad
miration as I think of him now

He was the son of a sugar planter, and born
a! miles from the Bayou Teche, parish of
St Mary's, Louisiana, in the Attakapas country
His father was dead, but his mother owned and
worked about seventy negroes, and until the year
before forming my acquaintance George managed
the plantation

He was well educated, spoke English, German
and French, and was an accomplished musician,
but he was so thoroughly imbued with the love o*
adventure and danger that it almost wunfitted
him for business, and interfered with his popu
laniv among conservative planters, who
constituted the bulk of the Attakapas population
But they evinced a wholesom» respect for him
founded. [T suspect, upon his physical as well
as bis intellectual qualities; for he stood six feet
in his stockings, was well proportioned and an
adeptin all athlete exercises

Contrary to the usual habits of Southern gen
tlemen, he was an abstainer from liquors, but he
An inveterate cigaretie smoker much to
my disgust. His hair was black, clustering
nshorteurls around bis sunburned face, and his

ew

the

wes

 

 

a

whites and negroes fled in terror.
chattel, one child remained
You have seen her.”

I nodded asnent

“Massa George had been very good to her,
and she refused to leave bim

“This girl remained true, forgetting self in her
anxiety forme. Her master sent for her, know-
ing how fatal the disease was amoug negroes,
and he feared for his property. She still refused
to leave.

“Dreading the contagion, he dared not send his
other negroes for her Negroes being cash in
Attakapas, he naturally wanted to keep his prop
erty. Lucy was valued at $1,000 then, and gave
Promise of future beauty. Smallpox scars would
noteontribute to the market value of a girl like her

“Lt bad studied medicine and had a very good
idea of the diseaw and its method of treatment
Lexpected thatif very sick I should lose my reason,
aud prepared for it, being determined to pull
through unascarred if possible

‘lL prepared lashings for my armas and thin
cloths to wet and put over my face. This done,
T walled Lucy to me and explained, as fully as I
could, the conrge to take

‘Ltold her Tmight loose my senses, but to follow
My instructions and not be afraid, for | should
be too weak toinjurs her, ‘Lam notafra.d, Massa
George, God will take care of us,’ was her quiet
reply

“Atthin time T was engawed to Miss Elsie Coverly
as you have probably heard before She sent me
& polite note of condolence, in which it was evident
fear predominated over her love for me. How
ever, she was my mothers ¢e¢hoice, not mine,
Twas too sick too care and my preparations being
made, I staggered to the bed and lay down, to live
or die, as Providence should determine.

“This was tho last 1 realized for two weeks.
A part of the ume I lay in # stupor, but when
Arcused, as] afterward learned, was wild and pretty
ugly through some of those long autumnal nights

“LT was weak and helpless, but thanks to
Lucy's unceasing care and forethought, was un
acarred by the dread disease, One midnight I
awoke The October winds were sweeping over
the prairie and drove the cold rain in sheets against
the window panes. The eandle burned dim,
but by its foint ight 1 could easily distinguish
the shodow of my faithful nurse

I spoke; she started from ber eharr and came
to my bedside At one glance she saw that my
reison had returned, and falling ou her knees,
she praved as L never heard man or woman pray
before, and thanked God that her prayers had been
answered ‘Think, Charlie, she was not then 18
years of age! DT tried to give her my hand, but
she was ino weak to rose it; then T asked for the
mirror, she held a small hand mirror before my
face. One eager glance I turned away with a
sight of snisfaction; the ordeal was passed; | was
unseathed

“Are vou alone” T inquired) She answered
‘Yos, sir Have any of Me Coverly’s family
been her 7 Miss Fisic sent their man
Bill over, but she told him not ty come nearenough
to eateh the disease | could not make him hear
geream as loudly as 1 could, and so he only came
twiee: and the second time he had a bag over his
head so the disease wouldn'thithim

I lay there six weeks. It was
more before l was able te venture out
my mother returned: however, | was weak in body
and perhaps in mind, and would have no other help
but Lucy's) Thea determined to repay her, if
I could, E taught her to read (she already knew
her letters), and in a few weeks she could read
understandingly any simple book

And now, Charlie, comes the strangest part
of the story. I beheve that girl is a white girl
You know such things have bappened in Louisiana
It was a long time before she told me what she
remembers about bersedf, and she did mot say
then thatshe thought she was white. Poor child,
I] don't suppose she did think so; it was too in

 

Coverly's Lucy.

r » sir

nearly four
Meanwhile

! credible toa girl that had spent her life as a nigger

slave. But she said there was something strange
in her first recollections. That she used to
petted and loved by a lady who must have been

lish to her, she Was sure. She says she knows
she toougat that lady was her mother Now here
is a queer thing, Chariie When [ was getting
well Lucy Was taking a nap one day (she had
enough sleep to make up | can tell you), lying
on a pallet in iny room She had o bad dream
and cned out in her sleep, and what she said was,
©. non, Don, alles’) Now she can tspeak French
when she is awake, and almost no \cadien
In her sleep she uses we purest accent | ve
been ieaching her Acadien, by tne way, because
a language other people don't know might come
in handy, but her teodeney Wo make good French
of it, the way kreneh comes Lack to her, shows
it Was her test tongue, thats as sure 4s we are
alive bere and now. Well, to go back She re-
meiibers a scene of lights moving in the darkness
aid a house

and water stretching around her,
moving on it ‘Now, that must have been @ jour
‘ney on the river ‘Then came a great sickness

big blue eves had a habit of looking straight at

the person with whom he was conversing. This
Isa deseription of my partner as he appeared
in September, 1855. He resided on a plantation
In the same vicinity where he and myself operated
for four years under the auspices of the Anti
Slavery society, and as during that time detectives
without number were searching for their agents,
credit must be given for some boldness and shrewd
ness in the enterprise We were well aware that
was death to be discovered, and we mad* no
eonfidants

‘in the 10th day of September
ting in my doorway, quietly smoking my cigar,
and enjeving the beauty of a September
afternoon The clear air of the prairie was cool
end fragrant and as I was enjoying its freshness,
lear in my chair. | imagined myself
he happiest of men | was young, not 80 years
of age free from debt. and owned the pretty place
I lived My businesa of land surveying
brought mea good income in addition two thr profit

1855, I was sit

ne back

 

of my litte plantation. This | worked, with the
assistance of one or two hands hired from the
neighboring plantation

\s my gave wandered aimlessly around away
@ross the prairie Peonld faintly discern a speck,
ust atleck of moving brown background upon the
feaof green that rolled to the edge of the horizon
Ms practised to such scenes, assured ma
that it was a mounted man, and with the aid of
my fleidelass | saw that he was moving down
the trail thar led to my home with his horse at @&
brea 1 ft was George Wesner, and
as he came nearer [could see that he was excited
AN Unusuel state for him. He rode straight toward
Mie hitching post aa was his wont, slipped the
brid\+ through the hole aud over the end, and came

toward me biting savagely at the end of his cigar
Alle

eves

eck gallop

ve then threw himself down under the shade
Of A large live oak that grew afew yards from the
house beckoning me to come outunder the tree
Tdid so, and satdown beside him

‘hare said he, after he had smoked awhile,
“Twent your assstanceinan affair that itis more
than likely you will not meddle with Because

fo — .
If von asstat vourneck will bein equal danger with
my own

Twas alittle curious to know what the raserved,
qulet George Wasner had in view that menaced
the anatomy of a person's neck, and laughingly
Inquired, “What is {t, George; steal a mule or rob
a@ban\”

Step your chafing, Charlie! It ae 6
nigger aud that in our criminal calendar is the
@'rAlest crime

Sit ts, so itis.” 1 repiied

ve had better
bur one ifs é ‘
if you srein want

u

( ‘ ' :
antdo it, Charlie I've tried and Coverly
Won't sell her
le te
om erly won't sell her \h' | understand
The .
nthe nigger is a woman, and belongs to

vetly? Ive got the whole store
No. you haven't, but you shall if you have
Patience to listen What I have to tell you hap
oe before you came to Attakapas; and when
on ee the story, sou shall be the judge whether
af got ands call have your support
Oneane emt 1550, I cam* home from New
Ss sick; there was no physician to be had

this gi }
a Side of the city, The disease developed and
ae wn medica! knowledge told me it was small

That was enough; every living soul fled in

Witor and I was alone—no, not alone—although

| you look, there Is nota sign  fitin Lucy

Se

she Was sick, (ther pecple were sick, she never
saw the lady again, and all she Knows is that
but for thus dim dream, thatis not a dream, she
has always been a nigger slave. Charie, she

 

 

One bit of a |

i a

with our business save in one instance we never
did. Negro testimony, we well knew, would
not be taken in court, but if we were suspected
even we would never live W see the insiue of a court
room, so steong would be the feeling against us

We arranged a cipher by which we we could
write or te legraph in case necessity required,
this we committed to memory and tt on destroyed
Lalterward learned thatit was known to “Coverly's
Lucy,” so it must have been old to George

As my business called me frequently rom home
no notice would be taken of my absence, [there
fore, started immediately tor New York, where
We expected w make arrangements with the leading
abolitlonisis to furnish the sinews of war,
taking passage on the steamer Fannie Bullit
from New Orleans, and leaving her at a landing
a few miles below the littl town of Oreola, where
1 owned a woodyard

Thad nothing to do here except to sound Moore,
my head man, and learn his views. He was
not well, and coaspquently a little cros, so 1 gave
up this interview fora time, and, hailing 4 passing
steamer, kept on to Cincinnati :

The transit by rail to Albany, No Y consumed
a little time Sent there | took the steamer,
and about 7 o'clock POM. Oct &, 1855, found my
self ascending the steps of the Astor House, thea
the leading hotel in New York, aud the one moat
frequented by Southerners, and, much to my
chagrin, also found there a young tellow, Pet
Claiborn, who lived but a short distance from me,
near the Teche

Pet's people were rich and of good — family
He was a fierce fire eater and an inveterate gamn-
Wer [knew hin well enough, and understood
that it would not be advisable on my part to en-
deavor to shake him off

“Bradley, from Attakapas.” he exclaimed,
and the next moment bis arm was linked in mine,
and we were drinking a brandy cocktail at Pet's
expense a.

“When did you leave’? How far are you going
When are you going home” he asked, all in one
breath

| answered him as frankly as possibly and
was relieved t find that be must start for home
the next morning

When morning came, | accompanied him to the
train. 1 also wrote Wesner ao friendly letter to
let him know that L had seen Vet | then left
the hotel upon a tour of exploration in— search
of that abomination to all Southerners, the office
of the New York Tribune

This place I preferred to find without asking
questions, as New York was filled with South
erners returning from the various summer resorts,
I was well known on the Mississippi: and Red
rivers, aud did not care to be reported as hunting
for the Tribune office, so avoided, or at least,
tried to avoid meeting any Southerners, especially
Attakapas people

I found the Solidian, sent up my card, as Mr
Sinith,and requested aninterview with Mr Greeley
Horace Greeley was at this time in his prime,
and the most notorious abolitionist in the whole
Union. Leonfess 1 was a triflenervousas [ entered
the building, in a very few moments | was \ushered
into the room and presence of the redoubtable
Horace, the man of all the world Southerners
most despised, and whase pen they most feared

There were two or three people in the room
writing, Mr Greeley wassitting tilted back in
his chair chewing the end of a pine stick, and
evidently in no very pleasant mood. bis spectacles
were pushed above his eves, and he scanned me
closely

“Mr Smith, vour business; | can afford you
buta few moments.”

"Mr Greeloy.[ must see vou alone,” T replied,
“os business will take hours instead of min
utes, Two minutes will do me today,
ever”

“These men are sworn to secrecy
ness matters, he replied

“No, sir, nottoine,” Tanswered

He opened the door leading to his private office
and nodded — 1 followed him

Now your business. quickly

“Mr Greeley, my nameis not Smith, am Charles
J. Bradley from Parish St Mary's, Louisiana
Tam here to try to make arrangements with the
leading Free Soil men to run negroes fron that
and adjoining parishes into the free States

Iam a soldier of fortune and not a philan
thropist 7 will make the venture and tisk my
life: others must bear the expense If you can
give me encouragement say SO Name
your time and place ring your company,

will unfold the plans. Bring whom you can
trust, for if this conspiracy is made public. | am
an exile from home or my angry townsmen will
suspend me from the nearest tree, and as I am
worth a fine little pronerty in Louisiana, 1 do
not wish to be exiled: liking life pretty weil 1 do
not care to be hanged

“Whatis your oblect®

“Yes,” said [. “love of adventure
to destroy the whole slave system

‘What is vour address?” he asked This I
gave him, and. promising to write me a note
specifving when and where he would meet me
he howed me out, and thus ended my first inter

how

in all busi

Nothing but moner”™
and a deshre

| view with Horace Greeley

be |

would base been about three years old the year |

 

the vellow fev
Worst plague ii has ever seen
divined woat happened ihis chila’s tamily
Were strangers, they were all down with the fever
lucy was left among tLe negroes w be taken care

swept New Orleans out with the ,
| well you Ll have |

|

| way

L took along walk after the interview, and half
determined to retreat. content with assisting
Wesner to abduct Luev; but, in either case, T
was risking my neck, and I concluded T should
prefer to be hanged as a great rascal rather than
apetty one. and continued my preparations

CHAPTER UI

The next day was the Sabbath. Both it and
Monday passed, and I had received no news from
Mr. Greeley

Tuesdey afternoon | found a note at the hotel
clerk's office, requesting me to remain in my room
from 7 o'clock until 8 that evening

I waited impatiently for the hourto come, and
about 7:45 the waiter brought up the card of Mr
Stephens

He was a thick headed fellow, and said that
Mr. Entwissle wished to see me at his office, and
requested me ty accompany him. [ inquired
who Mr. Entwissle was He replied that he did
not know him, though he knew where the office
was, that he (Stephens) was a pressman in the
Tribune olfee, ant was sent by Mr Greeley I
therefore, concluded that he was all right, and
followed him to the place of meeting. not, however,
without some suspiclons of trouble

He took me to the hack oifice of a buildin
situated on a litte court, a few steps from Broac
| have forgotten the street. as T was only
there onoe

In thatoMce | met Horace Greeley, Gerrit Smith
a member of Congress from the State of New York

whose name fwillnotmentionas heisstillliving), |

and a geatienan whom they introduced as Mr

| Samuel Lintwissle

of She got siek, the negroes sicwened and died |
probably, and this dark neired baby was seld
with tue remains of the family property by some
one who did not guess oe did not want
te consider tie coances of a horrible blun
der I know the maras of negro blood |
yreotty well) Pve recognized it in) blue eyed: |
bi sud hatred niggers in a route, but I will tell |

you, finget nails, polms of her hands, mnone over
cau

do nothing for ner here, berbaps her case never

\fter that night'sinterview,itwas Mir. Entwissle |

with whem [ chielly dealt. From words inad-
vertently spoken and allusions made
think that was his real name, but all checks and

drafts were drawn and signed of indorsed by

| Samuel! b.ntwisste

could be proven before the law. and if | madea |

move to investigate, old Coverly would sell Ler
or do something worse ryghtotf, But Ll can steal
her, and that i m going to do

Wuttbave not told you the end of the story
of my iilness

Whie lying sick and helpless and following
with my eves her pauent, untimoag foun asshe
glided in and ont of my chamber reminiscences
of my past kept @ contunual procession through
my weak And clouded mind. As l grew stronger

deteravnation came, and my old self returned
ido not Know that Ploved Jucy then, but beoula
gee nothing but misery in my approaching mar
nage with Mls Coveriy

“rhe shadow of the plantation, the slave from
the

cotton Held stood between us; TL wrote a note
ing that ths engagement be broken For
un Answer, | received a coalionge from her brother
lick. faccepted, and shot hia in the) *

There was a cousin, Hon Bretton, who felt a
cal! to break a lance for his fair cousin's sake
1 accepted bis challenge also, He was a cool
shot, and T knew it. At the word my bullet
staried first, and stopped in his shoulder, while
his eame Uncomtortn ahs near my face. Kob was
salisied

then Ll wrot a polite litte now to the old gen
tleman, in which T explained to him that I was
daying with them and the vextone who thought
he had a call to stand before me Twould shoot
throuwh the hosrt that ended it, as they began
to see that l was in earnest

Diek Coverly is in Rurope, but before he left
he extorted a promiae from bis father not to sell
fauey. Perhaos he thought T would) want to
buy her and in hor frea papers | have already
offered the old maa, through an agent, 86,000
for her, but he says he ts neoping her for Richard;
that her weight in diamonds will not buy ber.

"Now, Charlie, Kichard Coverly never sball
call Lucy his property.” ant as he repeated thie
his eves shone with a fierce light | eannot
buy her Ef bE ecannet steal her Po will shoot
hoa - should be ao monster of ingratitude
to allow this gifl io whom TF owe my Ife to be Hept
in hopeless bondage by such a scoundrel as Ric
ard Coverly, to say nothing of the awful fact
that she is, L believe, a white women, and that I
love her | cannot bear even to think of it”

Of course | could not be as sure as Weasner that
Coverly & Lucy was ® pure white, but still even
with no romantic sentiments to warp my judg
ment, | thoughtit possible enough that his sur
mise was correct As he sald. such things had
bappened in the South, and bis own theory in
thie case was plausible enough. As he talked
a wild notion had come into my head; [ta ttractee
me by its daredevil quality. and I knaw, too, that
fightly put through, it could be made profitable
When be siopped speaking without entering on
the question of Lucy's race, T sald

‘You know thatitis you and not I who have
fallen in love with Cowerly's Lucy, but I honer
you and will enter into an aAgresment with you to
devow our to running megroes from this
coun Into States, Lucy included 1 will
you to abduct her atall hazards.”
¢ agreed.” he repl

We sat down together, and in an hour con
cocted the plan that kent the planters of the south
western part of Louis.ana in a turmoil of excite
ment for five vears, and ran out of the! country
negroes tothe valine of upward of SO 00)

This was accomplished by two wen living
in the district they robbed and one of them owning
severnt slaves and working # plantation at the
same time. During this time we were never he
trayed nor diseovered, and only once suspected
by our nelghbors mean te our injury) This
will be explained hereafter

  

 

 

 

  

 

CHAPTER I

motive for undertakeag
was love of adventure
friend andsomesmallhopeocf gain. Wesners
heart was in the work, as it progressed He
became an enthusiast, and |, much thesame,
Before starting we agreed never to write one

word upon the subject, never w trust a neers
with the secret of our identity or # white man

dangerous
assiat my

this

tar

My
business

a

cn serene ene SS SSS Sessions nna

Later in the evening another gentleman made
hisappearance. This was Mr Birney of Philadel
yhia, a former abolition candidate for President
Mr Greeley briefly stated to the other gentleman
my proposition and called upon me to explain
it, which IT did, reeapitulating to them al
reader knows, and fully explaining my views

The proposition advanced by me and accepted
by them was

For every negro man or woman delivered to
the agent of the underground railroad at anv
point in Indiana Mlinois, Ohio or aay other free
State where he ‘could be best delivered we were
to receive a sum of 8300, and for all children lese
than 6 years of age 8150 ial over 46 years to count
as men or women) \ sum sufficient to cover all
expenses was to be paid by sight drafts, drawn
by myself upon some financial agent of the Anti
Slavery Sucteiy at New York, the report of the
agent who received the fugitives being deemed
sufficient voucher that our part was falfith d

The Anti Slavery Scciety was also to pay for
such material and outfit as T then wanted two en
able us to begin operations, which would amount
to about $1,500
on their part regarding thie item, [ cut it short by
agreeing to furnish the money myself, leaving
them the receipted bills and drawing for the amount
if we were successful in our fest venture

We intended to tise two avenues for anspor
tauen, one by vessel or steamer from the seacoast
or on the Atchafalava HRiver, the other across
the country, Via the tributaries of the Red and
Arkansas Kivers, following the different bayous,
to us well known, and coming outon the bank of
the Mississippi at my wood yard. Here we could
keep 9 party of 100. if necessary, for months, as
the country around was swamp and wilderness,
and no person ever landed there from the nver
except the deckhands of steamers calling for
wood, and they seldom leftthe bank where the wood
was piled

L explained this to them as well as my descrip
tive powers would allow, returned ww the hotel
and wrote to George Woesner to meet me at Cairo
in one month from that dav

Mr. Entwissle bad given 1° the address of a
young man who he -aid would assist me in
etting material together and take me to the

ditferent localities, as | was a stranger in the city,
and | must procure material for all my necessary
outfitand something for every possible emergency

What we most needed was a couple of boats
or canoes capable of carrying ten men each and
built so as to be folded and put into a box or trunk,
for transportation

I already had a plan for their construction
and had the drawings ofan ideal boat, but whether
these would develop into anything practical or
useful when criticised by a mechanic or on actual
trial waa vet to he demonstrated

The next day Teatled upon Mr. Wilson and told
him my plans. Together we went to a black
smith's shop, where [showed the smith my draw
ings, but he was thick headed and totally de
vold of mechanical ideas, so | wasted no time with
him, but.went to a manufacturer of small machin
ery, one Matthew Coleon, an Irighman, and a very
Ingenious man, who comprehended the idea as
soon a9 L explained the drawing. I made a bar
gain with Dim to construct two canoes. These
were a marvel of simpicity, strength, carrying
capactity and lightness, One was twenty foet
lon, six feet wide atthecentre, about two feet
dee; and would carry twelve men (we have had
fifteen in it), the other was about eighteen feet
long, four feet wide, eighteen inches deep, and
was to be used more for exploring and working

When the boats were completed we carried the
box containing them to the river bank, opened it,
and in just twenty eight minutes [| stepped into
the canoe, ready for use and floating upon th’ bosom
ofthe Hudson, nodeniably a perfect success

\ crowd of boys and men lined the river bank,
gazing and watenhing our movements, and makin
commerts. [ called two or three to step in anc
try the new boat. Three of the bows did ao, and
T paddled out perhaps a half a mile and back
again

“Now, gentlemen aid | “I have a great curi
osity to try the capacity of my beat. and would
like to have a few of vou step in. | will promise
not w drown you.”

| held her well up to the hank until fifteen men
and half grown boys were seated on the thwart,

I do not}

the |

|

 

Some hasitaney being shown |

canner A LAER EC CET

 

then shoved her off. She floated handsomely,
with her gunwale atleast ten inches out

This was better than | expected. We
around for perhaps fifteen minutes, landed, hauled
our boat on the shore, went to the hotel for our
dinner, returned and started down the river in the
canoe, arriving in New York yes, at Colson's
shop in leas than four hours

| was well satisfied

CHAPTER IV.

It was now about time w expect Wesner at
Cairo, and as | was obliged to remain at least ten
days longer in New York, 1 wrote bim to continue
his journey to New York

At the expiration of a week George Weaner
one evening walked into the Astor House. | was
glad enough to aee him, as | had already anvther
project in my mind, and this was to buy a small
stock of gener@ goods and open a store near the
Wesner plantation, a very good location, and the
store would have a tendency to help our scheme,
extend our acquaintance and bring us inte more

immediate contact with the free negroes in our
district

The purchase of these goods took somewhat
longer than we expected, and it was the last of
November before we were back in Cairo. Gar
boats were packed in two boxes, marked for Brad
ley's yard, Arkansas One box contained both
boat frames, paddies to suit, and a few other litde
tools, the whole weighing @ trifle over 350 pounds.
‘The other contained the canve covers, and weighed
about 260 pounds

Boats and utensils weighed leas than 700 pounds
We had several coils of rope, neging and bolt
rope, and had also provided ourselves with 4
small tentof No. & duck, simply a fly, with no
walls or ends. This was similar wo one already
owned by me and used when surveying

It was about 7 o'clock in the morning, Dee, 10,
1855, when [ landed at the woodyard Stand
ing beside the boxes | watched my partoer on the
deck of the fast receding steamer, as she swept
down the muddy river. Then for the first time
@ realizing sense of the work | had undertaken
began to stare mein the face.

1 is well known that back some miles from
the Mississippi, the waters of the various streams
Tunning into the Red and Arkansas tivers make
@ water course almost parallel to the former river

My ides was w inake # path to the waters of
the St. Francis on one of its tributaries, carry our
canoes through to the stream, and from thence
open the way down the various creeks and hayous
ty the ‘Teche and there construct a rendezvous
as near our base of operations as convenient.

My woodyard was situated just below a little
place called Oreola. West of the yard, ata dis
tance of about eleven miles, wax a small stream

called Baker Creek
This | had never explored, but _underatood
that it flowed into the St Francis River, Big

Creek, a tributary of the White River, was but a
short distance from the St, Francis, and ite head
waters were well over toward that stream

Although it was but eleven miles in a direct
line to Baker Creek from our yard, it was per
haps thirteen or fourteen by any trail which we
could make, as we would have to skirt around
various swamps and keep the high land, a straight
line heing impossible on aceount of these ob-
structions

Baker reek is a little dried up affair, very
sluggish, not over two rods wide at any place,
and where we proposed to strike it, not even as
wide as that. In the drought of the summer there
was but little water in its channel, in fact, scarce
enough to float a canoe, but at this season of the

ear we had hoped to tind three or four feet It
Bowed most of the way through an impassable
swamp, and there were no settlements for twenty
miles along its banks, where we proposed locating
our road,

Lower down was a clearing or so, but no houses
or flelds within sight of its banks. We therefore
had no fear of interruption or discovery at this
end of the route, and indeed if it had not been
thus, we must have abandoned the yard as our
terminus

From the creek to Bradley's yard was a4 dense
wildernass.and through this | determined to make
a path so plain that parties could wet to the yard
in one day after leaving the steamer

It was important for us to have a reliable man
at this end of the route- one whom threats could
not intimidate or money buy

1 found such a onein Daniel \. Moore, a native
of Mississipi; he wes afterward a Captain in
the Confederate Army, and waa shot at Shiloh,
so this narrative cannot injure him

Poor Moore’ His parents were on the steamer
L. H Smith, when her boiler exploded at Vidalia
in 1840 Hoth were killed and left him a ehild
penniless and frieudless. Since then he had
roamed the world, and finally engaged with me
to take charge of my woodyard, where he had been,
I believe, about two years

To him I unfolded my plans, careful not to
mention Wesper's name | felt sure of his co
operation, first from his love of adventure, second
from his hatred of the planters, and, lastly, be
cause of the possible chance to make money
which this scheme promised

‘To him we owed, in a great measure, the suc
cess of our work

I had ten men cutting wood-—-slaves hired for
the season but as they camped and worked two
mi'es from the landing, they saw nothing of us.

(To be continued )

SHIELDED BY

 

NER HUSBAND

 

For Her He Passed Sixteen Years in Exile
Branded as a Marderer.
From the Baltimore Sun
Brisro.. Va April 15--Connally Fields
has just heen relieved by the Governor of Vir-
ginia of a charge of murder and outlawry
whieh has stood against the man since 1884
and has enaused him to he an exile from home
All there vears Fields lias resided in the far
West and without the privilege of returning

to his native home in Seott eounty, Virginia
asa freeman He was charged with the mur-
der of his brother-in-law, William 4. Scott,

and having failed to appear to answer to the
charce at five consecutive terms ofthe court
was declared to be a murderer and outlaw
Back of this is an interesting story of a hus
band's self sacrifiee for his wife

Vhe killing of William A. Scott was due to
bad blood that had existed between him and
the Fields family for some time. Scott had
been treapa sing upon Fields’s land. a matter
whieh had incensed Mrs. Fields, Scott's sister

more than her husband The woman urged
Fields to settle the matter with Scott. The
two men met near Fields’s home and a des.
perate struggle between them followed. Mrs
Fields joined with her husband in the fight,
and before it was over Seott fell fatally
wounded, his body having been pierced by

a sharp instrument. The killing created un-
usual excitemmnt. and the impression rapidly
gained that Fields, who had given. himseif
up to the officers, was the author of an un-
ealled-for murder Because of threats against
Fields's life he fled and located in the Wess,
where he has sinee been stuceessful, having
gained prominence as a railroad man

Field's wife in Seett county Vircinia,
sved for and obtained a divorce upon the ground
of desertion, Afterward. in a fit of temper,
she shot and seriously wounded a respectable
lady in the community. For this crime she
was tried and centenced to serve five years
in the Virginia Penitentiary. Before she had
served her time out she became seriously ill of
consyumotion and was pardoned by the Govenor,
She died a few days after her return home

With her death the secret which her hus-
band had so long retained became known,
It was Mrs, Fields, instead of her husband,

who murdered her brother. Some time after
the trageds a sharp-pointed pair of scissors
stnined with blood was found on the scene
of the murder

Down a Mountain on an Avalanche,
From the Washington Post

“Tl bad a most remarkable experience about
a year ago,” said Mr. Herman Kirts of Seattle,
Wash. at the National Hotel “It was so re
markable that persons to whom I have related
it regard me with suspicion, and not infrequently
leave me with the tmpreasion that as a preveri
cator | would eclipse Ananias. But there are
three oiher persons who can vouch for the truth
of the story

We were prospectiug on a mountain in Van
lt was in the spring of the year, and
the earth was soft and wet) When about half
way up the side of the mountain, without the
slightest warming, an area about one hundred

feet square seemed to break loose from the rast
and darted with Nebtning speed down thé moun
tain side The avalanche seemed to be about
five or six feet deep, and carried with it treas,
rocks and boulders, Fortunately, myself and
companions were close to the upper portion of
the sliding land, and consequently escaped being
struck That ride down the mountain side on
that avalanche was tbe most rapid and perilous
one | over want to experience. [| rode astride the
trunk of a falien tree, and my friends were cling
ing tenaciously to its branches) We coverad a
distance of about a mile in [ should say about
half a ininute. although none of us held stop
watches. The avalanche came to a stop near
the foot of the nountan in a small valley, and,
strange fo say, none of us was hurt, save one
fallow who was struck on the leg ber « boulder
after we hed come io a sto Talk about rapid
transit—that ride beat anyth I ever experienced
or heard of

couver

Ving

 

 

A Serious Occasion,
From the Chleago Daily News

Stella—I was awfully nervous when Jack
proposed,

Mande Waa it such a surprise?

Steila—No; [ was afraid some one would

come tn and interrupt him.

 

Matters of Interest Concerning Horses

°
are mora fully and ably treated in Tue Sun's
news columnathagin any other medium. A‘.
vertising thus omes more valuable io Tas
BUN fur obvigus reasons. Remember this.— Ade,

|

a i nc sss SSS SSS SS
SS

eee

PRIL 22, 1800,

WORST OF ALL BAD MEN,

HE WAS WESTERN BILL, THE TER-
ROR OF PARSON'S GULCH,

 

Not Like a Desperado in Appearance, but a

 
 

Deadly Man to Ken Up Against-Some |

And Some tivod Deeds to

The Reformed One's Story.

Deviltries
His Credit

“Yes, wir,” said the Reformed One, “the very |

worst man in the whole world were ‘Western
Hill’ the terror of th’ Parson's Gulch His
real nume was Thomas Smith, and be were less
like a desperady than ony other man I ever saw
outside of a book on the Wild West, But, Lor!
shows how deceitful a thing is looks! Outwardly,
Western Hill were a
sepulchree, but inwardly, he were a menagerie
of ravening wolfa.

“He were about four feet six, with long blon
dined hair and a mild blue eve, with a voice into
him more like « woman's than any womans
I ever come across. He always wore white kid
gloves, an’ boots with tassels, an’ most gen
erally, when he was out for gore, he dressed in
a swallerfail If the ‘Tuxedo coat had been
invented before that man died, he'd a wore one
for informal affairs He was a atickler for eti
quette, were Western Hill

“He could do some things I never saw any
one else do. tle could shoot behind him with
just aa much certainty as he could) shoot in
front of him: and he could do it with both bands.
He was deadly. A doven times I've seen
him
the bar when some one of his enemies would come
acreeping up to the door, hoping to catch him
and kill him, and each time that there litle bad
man would turn round quick as 4 flash and fire
and nick ‘em first, 1 seen him once when seven
of his enemies attacked him from behind. He
didn't move forit seemed to me along time, Then
he flashed round, his revolver spoke six times,
and six of the men just dropped in thelr tracks
and lay still each of ‘em shot through the brain,
via the left eve The seventh man come on,
knowing that Hill's gun were empty’

“Well, what did Bill do’ He squrt vichy from
4@ syphoon at the last man, and sept him run
ning out of the place like all ponsessed. That

was Bill humorous, you see, and ready tor
@ joke And then he said to me, regretful like
‘An’ I wern't dresaed to receive company

For he were iff his pajamas, having got out of
bed to drink with me. He were particular, were
Bill, except with friends

“TL Know other men, a dovean or so, haa been
credited with inventing the holding-up single
handed of a stage, But it were Western Rill
who invented it really He began it thus.
stage from Parson's Guleh were coming down
hill not far from the gulch with ten passengers
and about a million dollars in dust in the box,
Hill ran up hill toward it, put his hands on the
heads of the leaders, and swung himself onto

three times kalsomined |

|

ee

HAVANA'S POOR

 

POLICEMEN.
Not Big Enongh or Brave Enough to Handle
the Disorderly Flement.

Havana, April18.--The reorganization of the
police forew is the genera! tople of discussion
by the press and public, As tho result of the
killing of discharged Amerlean soldier
named Welsh, there is a demand that the
whole force be disarmed and that patrolmen
be made dependent solely upon clubs when
they are attacked. Owlng to the physical in-
feriority of the men, however, such an expert-
ment would be dangerous. A rohbuat man
could take a club from a Cuban policaman
with but litele risk. Realizing this, the police
are ever ready to resort to the pistol.

The chief diMeculty with the force as at prea-
ent constituted is the physical weakness and
consequent cowardice of ita components,
Chief Cardenas realizeathis, If the standard
of physical qualifications shoul! be raised,
white Cubans would be practically shut out, for
Chief Cardenas admits that they would not be
of the required physique. There are no
negroes on the force now. They are much
larger and stronger men than the whites, and
might make good policemen, but while the

| prejudice here againat negroes Is not so strong

|

if I've seen it once, standing drinking at:

The |

the pole, right between the wheel horses ‘Then |

he rin along the pole to the driver, made him
come down, and then at leisure, drove the coach
to a quiet place, and went through the passengers
He told me afterward he got about a million and
a half that haul There were a reputed million
aire aboard, but Bill got only 810,000 out of bim,
and his reputation fell at once

. , » *k ( e | ‘
Next day, the same trick were done to a stag | rived, and it will probably be given out to-

|
against using negr

as it is in the United States, it still existe,
Chief Cardenas believes that this prejudice
would impair their usefulness as guardians of
the public peace, here is no public order
. but Gen. Ludlow was
opposed to it aad thought that the whites who
owned property and paid taxes should guard
the elty.

The Spaniards are a strong and sturdy race,
but it is doubtful if the Cubans would be will-
irg to aubmit to a Spanish police force, The
Spaniards from certain provinces of Spain
have the strength and courage to do police
duty unarmed unless political resentment
should raise such an outery among the people
as to lead to race troubles. Then, of course,
armed or unarmed, they could not stand
against the!pressure.

Some Americans have been tried, but the
pay Is sosmallthat they refuse to stay. Lack
of knowledge of the language is also a
hindrance to their work. If the whole com-
munity was Cuban, then Cubans could do the
work, but where there are two more sturdy
and robust races in the city Cubans are not
equal tothe task. With revoivers, killings are
sure to follow, and without them there is a
question whether Cubans could preserve
order.

The police of Santiago were disarmed by
Gen. Wood, and they atill maintained order
there, However, that city is smaller than
Havana. There are many negroes on the force
there. This will probably follow here, thovgh
Gen. Wood has not yet considered the problem,
which is recognized ag a difficult one. One
thing isadmitted. That is, that the effort of

’ the police court to put backbone into the police
| has failed because they did not have the judg-

ment or strength of character to stand It
The census data from Washington has ar-

| morrow, both here and in the United States,

two hundred miles away! Will again! How
that man could travel

Well) by and by, stare robbing degenerated
and Bill begantorobtrains. He was the Original
lane Train Robber. P’raps you've heard of
him. He signalled # train one night, and when |

it stopped, he inst up, and while pretending to
speak to the engineer, he lifted one driving wheel
off the track careless like, and putiton the ground
‘Course, that just prevented the train from going
on, and Bill went through it at his leisure He
took in a right good sum that night, he told me.

“Now, you'll never guess what Bil! did with
his i)l-gotten gains He founded an asylum
for retired stage robbers, and another one for
old ladies. and a third one for orphaned children
of desperadoes. [It was pretty to see him, in the
intervals of his exciting life, walking among the
children in his home, or paygpe attention to some
dear old lady Lar bless vol, it brings the tears
lo my eves now when I think of it

“Well, well, well! It had to be' ‘Twas his
love for children that brought him down at last,

And vet it was unintentional on the part of the |

child that did it, and Bill recognized that fact,
One day he drove up to his hometosee a child
that had been i!l with the grip. He were in full

‘at

dress, so | knew he were busy. and he admitted |

he had a iobon. but he were never too busy to see
his friends So he saw the little kid, and made

him proud by wiving him a little six shooter and a |

flask Hehadone fault, had Bill, if it were a fault
he couldn't forget the shop. Well, the kid were
tickle} \o death, and insisted that Bill should eat
a pie: of some candy the whole push had been
amaking Bill consented, but it killed him
He choked on His last words were
betier as it is

Poor Will! He were undoubtedly
worst bad manever knowninthe Wes!”

EXPLORING

the very

SANVNIKOFP LAND,

The Rassian Expedition Which Baron Toll
Will Lead to an Unknown Region.

One of the most important polar expeditions

to bein the field this vear is the party that Baron

E. von Toll will take into the Arctic waters north

 

fof Siberia for the purpose of exploring Sanni

koff Land, which has been seen ata distance, but
never visited) Many cartographers long de
clined to indicate this land on their maps because
they thought the evidence of its existence was
not reliable It was first seen by the Vakutsk
merchant Jacob Sannikof! When on a visit to
the New Siberia Islands in 1811 he saw, on a
clear summer day, from the northern island of
the group, the coast line of this hitherto unknown
land No one saw this land again until Baron
von Toll, standing on Kotelnoi Island of the New
Siberian group, in 1886, was rewarded with a dis
tant viewofit. Since then cartographers have not
hesitated toincdicaie this land on their maps

It is the belief of Baron yon Toll that Sannikoff
Land is a part ofan archipelago to which the De
Long Islands, discovered by the unfortunate
Jeannette expedition, also belong He thinks it
probable that he may find an archipelago of im
portant extent, though it is not likely that it in
chides islands of very large size

The expedition is on a much more ambitious
scale than that first planned by Baron von Toll
He has purchased a Norwegian whaler, renamed
it the Sarja and will start from St. Petersburg
about the middle of June, accompanied by twenty
men, including an astronomer, a zoologist and
a phrsician te will steam through the Arctic
north of Norway into the Kara Sea, butdoes not
expect to advance in the first season much beyond
the Taimvr peninsula, where he will spend next
winter [Tn the summer of 1901
to push his vessel to the north of the New Siberla
Islands and find a winter harbor either upon San
nikof? Land or Bennett Island. He will then
give a sear to his explorations in this region

The Baron is well known to be one of the most
scientific of explorers, and the importance of his
enterprise is enhanced by the fact that his scien
tifle work will be ef the best quality. He will
iwive particular attention to meteorological re
searches, and if the region to be visited is really
the centre of a considerable cluster of land masses,
he will carefully map them and learn as much
of them aa possible in the time at his disposal
Then, in the summer of 1902. he will begin his
homeward journey, passing out of Arctic waters

‘[ts |

he will endeavor |

hin custody

NEW RETIGION

IN LUZON,

 

 

It Says Its Votaries Need Not Work and It
Is Spreading Fast.

MaANtLa, March 11.—A new religion has been
started in Luzon and some people think it will
lead to trouble. Its main doctrine releases its
followers from the necessity of working. The
supreme being to whom prayers are directed

aS

| elaim and having it

will, it is declared, provide sustenance for all true ,
' ground of these strange creatures, and their

believers. The religion is therefore aitractive

to the Filipino, who does not do any more work |

than is necessary to keep himself in rice, cigar
ettes and betel nut, anyway

A man named Gabini started the religion and
its votaries are known as Gabinists. Gabini
and several of his deacons, or chiefs, were quietly
and informally shot
Apalit. The new creed was not stamped
out, however, for Gabini's chief clerk, Felipe
Salvador, took it up
in the Filipino army Salvador now devotes hiniself
to extending the faith, Wonderful stories go
abroad concerning miracles Salvador has per
formed. Sick people are carried ty him to be cured,
and if thew die under his treatment itis said they
wore not sincere in their faith

The Gabinistic religion, as nearly as can be
learned is very simple The people gather and
pray long and earnestly) to an invisible supreme

ing whois supposed to provide food to his faitt
ful subjects in some miraculous manner, and
to perform cures
is to make at least one pilgrimage a year to the
main shrine, which is fronted ve miles above
San Luis on a dry spot in the pinac, or swamp,
of Candaba Here Salvador
erected. It is an imposing affair of bamboo and
nipa thatch, rudely furnished with a few seats

Salvador styled himself “General” and by this
title he has beencalied  [twasat the at westion
ofseveral people of the village of Balinag that Gen
Otis at last gave ordera to have Salvador placed
This happened two months ago
Ilis chufeh was not molessed and neither were
his services, which went on again after a slight
interruption, a new general being installed in the
person of Salvador's chief clerk. Salvador's
arrest was due to @ belief that as an insurgent
leader he was simply inciting the people to fresh
outbreaks. In addition to the chureh general
there are several chiefs. It ts the main duty
of these chiefs to collect the fees which are regularly
exacted fron all believers

The chief duty of the believer |

| twenty

by the Spanish authorities |

Afier doing a4 little service |

|

has had a church |

At the present time the Gabinistic church is |
| thriving wonderfully and growing every day

Planters complain that it is taking away their
laborers, It is said the new church has now at
least 10.000 members. The members seem to be
little atfected at the removal of Salvador, for they
believe hia body consists of two parts, one a ma
terial and one a@ spiritual part. The material
part is of course confined in Manila, while the
spiritual part returns to pray with the congrega
tion atintervals

The sick people who are carried to the shrine
on Hitters are expected to make a complete con
feasion of theirsins, whereupon they become cured
If the cure does not follow itis a sign the patient
has not made full admissic his shortcomings
and therefore cannot be forgiven

  

STATE BOUNDARIES.

Controversies Which Have Been in Progress
for a Century,

The controversy as to the boundary line between
tho States of Virginia and Tennessee which has
been in progress for more than a hundred years
and involves jurisdiction ower a strip of Jand in

the Cumberland Mountains neerly one hundred

' and

through Behring Strait, thus being the second |

to make the northeast paseagwe which Norden-
skiold was the first to accomplish

DECLINE OF BUCKWOEAT,

 

A Crop Once Large in This Conontry, bat
Steadily Decreasing.

What is the matter with buckwheat” Cakes
made of it and eaten warm are regarded as very
nutritious and are still a favorite article of food
with many thousands, but for all that the culti
vation of the grain is steadily declining [tmust
he thal a great many have stopped eating buck
wheat cakes, for there is certainly a great deal
less buckwheat to be eaten thanin former days

Thirty five y ears ago the farmers of our country
aowed, every vear, over 1,000,000 acres ia buck
Since then the crop has sometimes been
sometimes smaller, but, on the whole

wheat
larger,

the acreage and yield bave been almost steadily |

the acreage was 678.332
only a little more than balf that of thirty-five
years ago, and the yield was only 11,700,000
bushels, whieh was just about one-half the sield
at the cloge of the Civil War

No explanation of this great decline in buck
wheat raising has been made. [tis probable,
however, that the unreliability of the crop, which

decreasing In 1898

is sometimes large and sometimes amall without |

anv apparent reason for the variation, has dis
couraged a great many farmers Another reason
for the decline may be the larger use within the

t few vears of cereal preparations, especially
wheat, all of which come under the general dasig
nation of hygienic foods. ‘These preparations
have probably won many persons from. their
allegiance o buckwheat cakes

If buckwheat raising continues to decline, per

haps the bees most of all will miss the flelds, for |

they are very partial to the flowers of this plant
which secret a great deal of boney that is not,
however, of the first quality, as everybody knows
who has eaten it

Buckwheat is not raised widely over the world
and this fact makes its decline in America, where
itis most largely grown, all the more interesting
Russia and France are about the only countries
in Europe that produce it, and Great Britain has
never taken kindly to buckwheat cakes and im-
pori# very little of the grain

milas long, has at last reached the Supreme Court
of the United States, which has been asked to
appoint a board of commissioners to survey and
officially to declare where Virginia ends and ‘Ten
nassee begins This contest, one of the oldest
between the States, is one only of several similar

controversies which have been going on for many
years Some of the States involved are Marviand
Virginia, Maryland and Pennsylvania,
Kentucky and Tennessee, West Virginia and hen
tucky, Arkansas and Missouri, Teaas and Arkan
sas, and California and Nevada

‘Tennessee was admitted into the Union in
1793) At that time the surveys of the mountain
districts which are partly within Virginia and
partly within Tennessee were imperfeci and, to
some extent, misleading, and since then the con-
troversy as to where the line of division runs has
been continued steadily, but without, as yet, any
positive determination Few Amencan States
are separated by ordinary geographical lines,
such as separata, for instance, New Jersey from
its neighboring States ‘This line of boundary
is the Delaware River, and New Jersey lies be
iween the Delaware Hiver and the Atlantic Ocean,
northof Delaware Kay Kutthe northern boundary
ofthe State which runs sleng the sou bouns
ary of Orange and Reekland counties, NOY, is
indefinite, and has long been the subject of dis
ute. "In like manner, so has the boundary line
yetween New York and Connecticut Geograph
eally, the line which would divide New York from
Connecticut and Massachusetts would be the
Hudson River, the bead of navigation of which
at Troy is almost exactly opposite the boundary
line between Massachusetts and Vermont Hut
for other reasons more cogent than those of geog
taphy, the east bank of the Hudson is included
in New York aa well aa the weat and like considera
tions account for some of the divisions between
Woaetern States

New York's boundaries, though apparently
settled in 1776, have been subject to critical ex
emination from time to time by various commis
sioners and agents, and hase been re examined
and established under authority of various legis
lative enactments An act was passed by the
Lezisinture, May 26, 1875, directing the com
missioners t) resume the work of examination of
the true locationof the monuments which mark the
several boundaries of this State, as authorized
by the Senate resolution of 1867, andin connection
with the authorities of Pennsylvania and New
Jersey, respectively, to replace any monuments
which may have become dilapidated or been re
moved, on the boundary lines of those States
A committee was appointed for this purpose June
1, 1875. In 1689 the New York commissioners
met commissioners appointed by the Stares of
Pennsylvania and New Jerse for the purpose of
ascertaining the boundary lines as originally
established and marked with monuments The
commissioners were authorized to renew anys
dilapidated or lost monuments and to erect ad
ditional ones if deemed necessary Under the
provisions of this law the New Jersey boundary
ine was completed as recently as 1953 and the
Pennsylvania line in 1665

 

   

 
   

MINING €

 

PROSPECTOR SECURES RIGHTS TO
DEATH VALLEY MASTODONS,
Found Bits of Three Animals tn on O16

Swamp Too Late in the Season to Dig for
Them and so Viled a Miner's Claim for the
land The Mastodons of This Country,

Los AnGeces, Cal, April 10.-One of the
moet remarkable mining clalins ever filed hae
recently come to light in Loa Angelos, A welle
known attorney has on his table some parts of
enormous tusks of mastodons, literally @
bunch of three, found by a cellent {un Death
Valley; and it was on the bones of this animal
that the claim was fied. Death Valley ia @
well-known depression in the eastern and
coutral part of California. In winter it {s note
particularly attractive region, but in summer
itis several degrees more disagreeabie thaa
almost any other spot on earth, The heat,
which is radiated from the rocky mountaing
here, i¢@ unbearable, and in mid-summer the
vast sunken pitisthe home of the sandstorm,
and given over to the elemental terrors

Millions of vears ago this region, in all probe
ability, was covered with & forest growth and
was frequented by large and powerful mastoe
dons. The valley offers few inducements te
any but the owners ot borax mines and gold,
silver and copper prospectors. It 80 happened
that one of the latter entered the valley late
during the present season and wandered
through the mountains looking for treasure or
Kigns, When he stumbled upon some curious
bones, Investigation showed that they were
merely the indications of others teneath the
surface, which had not been washed away, and
a little work resulted in uncovering some
enormous tusks, which could belong only to am
animal of the elephant family. Further Inveee
‘tigation showed thatin some way three gigane
tle elephants had died and been covered up
here, It was impossible to take them oug
without appliances, and as the prospeetor did
not wish to remain there, he adopted the tne
genious expedient of taking out a miners
filed with all due cere
mony, bringing one of the tusks to Los Angeles
to exhibit.

The excavations made showed that the
remains of three mastodons were lying toe»
wether undisturbed where they had fallen ages
ago. Fromthe nature of the surroundings it
was evident that at onetime there had beena
swampthere, and the assumption was thata

herd of mastodons had wandered into the
slough and nad become mired. The fact that
three akeletons were lying side by side showed
a babit well known among eiephanta to-day—
when ip fearthey rush together and stand i@
grours

These American old-time elephants may
have been driven into the ewamp by human
enemies, or they may have strolled intotha
swamp to drink, sinking into the quieksand
ormud, which in alleountries has proved tha
graveyard offo many animals. Thus the great
elk is found bogged in the Irish swamps, The
Big Bone Lick 1a famona for the remains of
animals caught in the treacherous mud; and
whenevera mastodon skeleton is discovered it
generaliy turns out that it was trapped either
inthe quicksand ofastream orinatog Tha
three mastodons thus staked out will soon be
taken out, bone by bone, and mounted: ant if
they prove to be perfect will be as valuable as
a good big nugget

This discovery of several mestodons in the
same place is net unusual A stijl more ree
markable find was made in Warren, N. J,
several veare ago by aformer, who in dieging
out mud from asmall swamp, came upon the
bkeletons of six mastodons Some of them
were lying on their aides: others stood erect,
shewing that they had all become mired in the
anvient bog. One van easily imagine these
monsters and their trumpeting, their strug.
gies ty escape, California was the roaming

  

remains have been found in almost every
county, andeven on the Island of Santa Rosa,
niles out to sea, The jast perfect
skeleton was discovered ina rai’way cut south
of Low Angeles, The old quicksand was cise
cerned many feet above the bed of the present
stream, into which the hnge animal had
stepped and been trapped, inthis region the
remaine of two creat elephants are found—the
mas'odon and the so-called American elephant
—the last a southern form of the great mame
moth, The two are easily distinguished, tha
mammothand American elephanthaving huge
teeth, the surface of which is flat with paralicl
lines, while the tooth of the mastodon is ser.
rated, being made up apparently of five
separate teeth,

How longagothe mastodon became extinct
is not known, but some naturalists believe
that it roamed the earth within five hundred
years, Perhops the most remarkable feature
about this animal was its tusks, which differed
very materially inthe (different species, One
had three tusks—one in the lower jaw and two
inthe upper. Others had four of these extraore
dinary weapons—twoin each jaw extending
outward, perfectly straight. In a mastodon
found at Sismonda the two upper tusks were
long and slender but bent fn toward each, other
more like swords than anything else, In what
is known asthe Ohio mastodon two tusks—
ponderous affairs -extended out, rising in a
graceful curve, while in the lower jaw a small
atraght tusk likeadirk extended outward, It
fs acurious fact that in all the skeletons of
young mastodonstonnd the tusk was in the
lower jawof both maleand female; inthe fee
male it was soon Jost, remaining in the male,
which had three formidable tusks or fgehong
weapons. In the Mastodon longrrostria, ones
common on this continent.the two upper tusks
resembled thowe of the ordinary elephant of

| to-day, but from the lower Jaw grew a pnir of

ivory daggers, giving this animal the most fore
midable armament of any anirmalof its time,
ps when itattacked its foe it pierced tt with
‘our knives of ivory.

Nine different species of these animals once
roamed the forests of curope, Five are known
from India, and tour inhabited the forests of
every Statain the Union. Living at the sawe
period were pigmy elephants not larger than
aheep, while thelr young conld not have been
larger than cats. As remarkabie as was the
tusk armament of mastodons, there is oF
record a modern elephant which in. its dental!
development tarexceeied them. The animal
was obeerved by Thomas Bates, . RGR, @
friend and companion of Livingston in many
ofhia travels, The animal had nine tusks, five
were onthe right side and four on the left, all
growing outof the upper Jaw, The ordinary
tusks weighed about thirty pounds each, Just
behind these @ pair projected which pointed
downward and backward. An elephant with
spiral tusks has been seen, and single-tusked
elephants are not uncommon in India

So ubundant were the mastodons that there
is hardiva museum in the country without
specimens of their tusks, but perfect skeletons
are not so common. Oneoft the best stands ia
the State Museum oat Albany, known as the
Cohoes mastodon, having been found in an
ancient pot how. The length of the Albany
apecimenis 20 feet 6 inches; height, Ofeet, 3
inches. The Philadelphia Acadamy of Sclences
and Rutgers College have good specimens.

The pian adopted to secure the three mastoe
donsin Death Valley by a miner's claim has
also been used to secure a whale down the
coust from Los Angeles. The animal hee in
the old sea bed of the Pleiocene age at the base
of a cllif, where the sea is constantly washing
itaway, A few weeks ago the bones were une
covered and a miner's claim for the spot was
made, and they are now being taken out, one
by one, with the greatest care,

ACHIEVING DISTINCTION,

One Man Who Succeeded by His Work on the
Hig Bass Dram.

g fact.” said Col

that a man can eehove distinction in

ryvalk he may follow,

be This not required

It fs A ecurioua and interest
Calliper

his comimunits

 

in wha
hat ma

"v

 

no matter what

that h hell be o deftv pursu.t, butonty that what-
ever he does shall be done superlatively well, or
in such manner as to entch the puble faney,
1 onee knew bass drummer in «a band who,
when the band paroded, was the centre of altrace
then In ft

"He wadeof bass drunimming onartand a science,
ton he was. in fret, deveter taprmecssential

 

  

 

to high success on ony ine fia drummong had
novelty, and humor t He carned his drum
hin fn front of him without help, by straps
around oh bach ne ised wo dromstickhe
twas tenrs ag  thattl vosdicnniner flour shed,
mthe plesed then, ia whatis now called rogtima,
mostetiectively, omitting strokes to pul them tg
Inter wlwny pn perfect time, but often with the
moat serosa v tier fh orishing one stiek,
r bed bihesr ted ona eco pine tne be
fon, and bringing i" f bth eter plas gainis
the most unexpected wavs, Will siglostrok rid
deabi rah " ror mtling ower ona
rnethe rin od us and ecurotushs
haded eombinat Is that eppealed
tothe won {th Hod humorous irre

teh Boos Along on the side-
welk when the t itt sand here
it t s drumime M y ny mveelf
by oight, in pelin campougns when we hi d
ferehbisehi per ssions in th evn, and the
mond eut ft ds then | have walked
long where To eould him and watched hig
drumstich fivins nd listened fasesnated and
dehehted t his strangaond Lombhaatic drum

ng Folks that didn t knew hom used to aak
his name they wemtered athom, end wanted to
know a ly ver

Pius walk on dife was pioyeng on the bass dtum;
wWheh mght not seom he the surest path to
fam Bui he placed the bass cram with qewne
hon, spint and enmgingtte qr that com-
mand espect nd dnmitation ino whaterer
purauite are displaved, ond so he stood enally
asitvasquiuée nebt he st uld stand. smong thew

who had evlieved distinction tm thet commuaty.®