a ae arn

   

ACROBATS IN A BALL GAME,

THE UNASSISTED TRIPLE PLAY
THAT BROKE UP THE TEAM.

 

Grandstand Baseball and the Jealeasy It
Provoked-Story Told by the Man Who
Really Deserved the Applause Given to
the Team-Cause of the Pennant'’s Los.

“It made sensational plays common,” re
marked the man with the crooked fingers,
“but L always said that it was a mistake to puta
couple of acrobats at second and short. ‘There'«
plenty of professional jealousy in the game
without importing any from the theatre or the
circus ring, and when the manager told us
that he had signed the Bounder Brothers to
play the infleld | knew there would be trouble.
Not but what Tim andJack Ryan, which was the
real name, could play fast ball, but they al-
ways tried to work in a bit: of acrobatic
work on every possible "oceasion, and it
as this tendency to grandstand playing
that broke up the team just when we had the
pennant cinched, Tim held that he had made the
triple play unassisted, and he certainly did put
all three men out. But Jack had given him the
boost into the air that enabled him to pulldown
the high, line drive with one hand and insisted
on being credited with an assist. The team
took sides, and feeling became so bitter that
the men wouldn't play together, and in place of
capturing the rng the team disbanded before the
close of the season.”

Here the knight of the forge ducked just in
time to let a line drive from the heels of the horse
tied near the door go by, and as he countered
on the animal's ribs with a pair of tongs, ex-
claimed, “That was good for three bases!” Then
coming back to pis story of the triple play he
continued: -_

“It was when I was doing a stunt with the pad
and chest protector for a semi-professional
team in the West, my presence in that part of
the country and on such a club being due to a
trifling disagreement with an umpire back
East. It wasn't my fault that his jaw wouldn't
stand a little poke without breaking, and al-
though I tried to make that plain, the Board
of Discipline couldn't see anything but @ va-
cation for me, and 1 went West. There IT caught
on with this team I am telling about. The
backers of the club had all sorta of coin and
weren't afraid to spend it. Novelties as
well as crack players were what the
cranks of the town wanted and the management
was there to land anything new. My stick
work was what got me a job, and until the
Bounder Brothers were signed I was the hunky-
dunk of the team. Their grandstand playing
knocked me a bit, and perhaps that’s why I
wasa little sore about seeing them signed

‘I'm willing to admit that not every short-
Btop or second baseman ean handle the ball
equally well with either hand and shoot it across
turning a back or front flip at the same time.
But it ain't baseball, It was what the crowd
wanted, though, and the Ryans or Bounders
were there to make good at that sort of thing.
Every place we played those fakirs did a bit of
fancy work, and people got into the way of
looking for a cirens performance and a ball
game for the one price of admission, But circus
work or any kind, we were running well up in
front all through the early and middle parts of
the season, and there was only one other team in
the circuit that made any sort of trouble for
us. That was in a town about fifty miles from
where we were located, and whenever there was
a game between the two teams the entire town
would turn out, chartering a special train to get
tothe scene of the contest. It was when acrowd
that filled the grounds to the limit was on hand
that the Ryans managed to work in their spec-
jalty, and the applause they received was in
clined to make even ahumble man 4 trifle weary

"The season wore on.and we seemed to have
the flag tucked away in the clubhouse locker
Then we went down to this other town to play
two games. We had heard a lot about a new
piteher that was to go against us in the first
game, and there was all sorts of coin to say
that he would shut us out. Some of the gang
from our town, who knew the fine points of
the game and appreciated a genuine ball player,
raised a little pot to putuponthegame and 1
was informed that a slice of itwasmine,should
I work inone ortwoof my big hits. [didn'tcare
about the money, but was anxious to show
that while the Bounders might be all right
as acrobats there were other people on the
team who could deliver the goods when it came
to playing the gaine proper. While the rest

of the men were talking about ourfchances
with this new pitcher and telling all sorta of
yipes about his speed and curves, | was busy
Kring up my pet bat and after an hour's hard
work I figured that if that new piteher ever
put it within reach I'd lose the ball,

“Well, when we reached the place there
was a mob on hand to shout, and the first thing
as we stepped off the traiisome guy they 'dhire
calls for ‘Three cheers for the Bounders,’ and
the mutts in the crowd howled themselves

 

hoarse. But IT kept my ears open and as we
pushed through the crowd heard some one
say, ‘There's the dangerous man, the one

with the chest protector under his arm. He's
their catcher and the best hitter in the League
f the new pitcher strikes him out, he’s the
hing sent for.’ That's the sort of thing that
makes a man determined to play the game
to the limit, and when a voung lad steps up
and hands me a bunch of four-leaf clovers
I knew that it’s my day

“When we stepped out on the grounds for
practice there was another yell by a bunch
of foolish wuys for the Bounders, | was hit-
ting ‘em to the infleld and sent a slow one down
to Jack at short. He runs in, pretends to
slip and then reaches it with one hand and
ehoots it to second, turning a twister at the
same time. There was unother bunch of
shouts, and Jack's shirt gets so tight about
his chest that he has tounbutton it at the col-
lar to keep from. choking. Then Tim goes
after a grounder, but instead of picking it up
with his bands gets it between his feet and
throws a back hand«pring, tossing the ball
to Jack on second with his feet like a juggler
That monkey business disgusted me. and [
drove a fast one down to short, Jack thought
he sawa chance to give another exhi-
bition and made a race for it. But he forgot
that the greatest place hitter in the world was
doing business at the old stand. I had no-
ticed a little tuft of grass near the line and
shot the ball at it. Jack makes a dive and
the ball does just what I figured on -takes
a@ sudden bound. Before Jack could get his
hands up the ball lands square on top of bis
brain box, and for the rest of the day he wears
his hat on one ear. By the time he had fin-
ished soaking his head it was time for the game
to begin, and then we settled down to play
ball. And I might add that we hadto. That
new pitcher was certainly the goods delivered.
He had speed to waste, a delivery like a Chi-
nese puzzle and didn’t seem to work a bit.

“One inning was enough to show that we
were up against the real thing, and the man-
ager puts our best manin the box, He wasn't
@ marker to the opposing pitcher, but with a
clever man back of the bat coaching him did
pretty fair work, We ran along seven innings
without a seore, and the crowd was beginning
to settle back to watch an extra inning game.

he home team managed to squeeze in a couple
in the eighth, and the best we could do was

et a man to second. One inore was made

y the home crowd in the ninth, and when we
came in one of our rooters flags me and when
I went over to him said: ‘Now, we don't care
a lot about the money, but we do care about
being shut out by this crowd. Do business and
the whole bunch we winis your.’

“The Bounders were first up forus and showed
their real quality as ball players by going out
on little infleld hits Then a man singles
the next man gets a pass, the pitcher loses
his head a bit and tries to push the ball through
the next man. That filled the bases, and your
Tnele Harold comes up The first one was
it. No one saw the ball drop, because the
fence wasinthe wav, and [didn't have to walk
out to the ‘bus. No one seemed to remember
that the Bounders played on the team, and
they sulked all the way back to the hotel

“The next day's gaine waa witnessed by the
largest crowd that had ever gathered in the
@ep. This time | was the man to get the
neers, Ghd I caught a game such as I never
had before. But work our hardest we couldn't
get any sort of a lead, and at the end of the
ninth the score board shows three runa for
each side) We managed to work in one in
the first of the tenth, and then the home team
comes in. When | was in the big League I
had heard rooting, but the way the bunch on
the bleachers begun to vell ‘en up for the home
team then had anything | had ever heard before
completely outelassed The first) man up
singled, and the stands shook. Our piteher
slips a eo, and before he steadies down the
second jnan up had drawn four wide ones
Then the leading sticker of the home team
came to the plate

“The first ball up he wallops over the left
field fence and when the umpire calls it a foul
the crowd was like todie. Then I walked down
to the pitcher to put him wise and give hima
show to steady down Of course, the crowd
guys us, but PE didn't care, for T thought it was
about up to us to win ont. The next two the
pitcher sends up by the batter's neck and he
avings wild at both Then the crowd grew
still, T split a finger saving a wild piteh on
the next one, and the Rooters’ Club woke up
again. Two more balls made it three and two,
@nd then the batter lands another long foul,

 

 

The pitcher and I had to have another con-

ference, and the bleachers insisted that we
‘play ball’ :
Y don't know whether our pitcher lost his

nerve, the ball slipped or what, but I could
see that somebody in the stand back of the
plate was due to get bumped. Thatis! thought
xo, But that batter stands on his toes and
sinashes it, It was one of those line hits about
ten feet up that are good for the bunch of bags
every time, and the crowd was frantic As
the ball starts I seo the Bounders start for
recond base, above which the ball waa due to
vans Jack reaches first and haa hia hand out
by the time Tim is there. Tim shoves his foot,
spikes and all, into Jack’a mitt and then goes
into the air. ‘His right hand just reaches the
ball, but the ball at cee, and Tim lights with
his feet right on the sac

“The men on first and second had both started
when they saw where the ball was going and
didn't see it caught. When Tim drops on the
bag he has the man that was on second out,
and before the man running down from first
knew what had happened Tim was pounding him
on the back with the ball. The rest of na just
mop sed on the ground and rolled over and over.
The Patter stood like astatue for afull minute
and then started for the bench. He didn’t
reach Before he had made a dozen steps his
legs shook and then he pitched over on his
face in @ dead faint. (Cushions, hate, canes
and any old thing that could be lifted were
thrown Into the air,and Tim Bounder was almost
wmothered by the mob that rushed up to give him
the glad hand

"That made Jack a bit sore and he calls out
‘Don't 1 get in on that play? Suppose Tim did
put the three of ‘em out, T get an assist

“aw, fergetit, sings out Tim, ‘That was an
unassisted triple play, the only one in the his-
tory of the game, and it’s me, Tim Ryan, that
made it. Where's the official scorer?

“By the time they found the @rorer all the
rest of the team had mixed in the talk social
and there was the making of a first-class riot
handy. The scorer sided with Tim, saying that
zack, hada handled the ball and wasnt en-
titled to an assist,

“Look at me mitt,’ howls Jack, holding it out
with the blood PALF Dg from the holes made by
Tim's spikes ‘Biveth nk I'm not going to have
some credit for that?) Put me down an assist or
I'll hand ye a wallop in the jaw

“Jack was starting after the scorer when
Tim mixed in, and it took all the other mem-
bers ofitheteam to keep them apart. On the
way back to the hotel the quarrel was continued
andall the gang wasinit. After that there was
no team work, nothing but each man trying to
give the others the worst of it, and we lost a
dozen gamesinarow. ‘Then the directors called
ue, some of us talked back, and two weeks before
the season closed the team disbanded. The Bound
ers went back to the circus, and one day while
they were giving a performance Jack gave Tim
a bad throw, so that when he landed he broke
both legs. Then Jack left the country with a
specialty troune, and after Tim came out
of the hospital he got a place as rubber in a
Turkish bath astablishinent

‘His fall and the heat of the bathroom sort of
turned his brain, so that every person he rubbed
had to. listen to the story of the triple
play and decide whether Jack was entitled to an
assist. If you happened to side with Tim, all
was well, but there was danger of a row should
you happen to remark that Jack figured in the
play, One fresh young man thought it was a
good joke to insist that Jack was entitled to
credit in the score, and after Tim had finished
with him it took two doctors to fix him up
Then Tim was shipped off to the Forget In-
stitute, and the last time I heard of him he
was classed among the inourables.

“It's too bad that jealousy should be allowed
to creep in with such results,"and the queer
amile on the blacksmith's face was almost
hidden by the cloud of steam arising from the
tub of water into which he had plunged a red-
hot horseshoe to cool it,

GREAT FLIGHT OF WILD DUCKS,

 

Fine Sport for Gunners Now on the Waters
of Great South Bay.

Easreory, L. L, April 21. ~One of the largest
flights of wild fowls witnessed over the waters
of Great South Bay is now affording sportsmen,
both resident and visiting, unprecedentedly good
sport. The flight, which includes geese, brant,
red heads, broad bills and black ducks, was In-
duced by the recent warm weather which csused
the whole body of wild fowls to the southward to
move north.

Should the weather continue warm during the
next fortnight itis expected that the birds will not
continue long in the locality before resuming the
northward journey, and sportsmen are availing
themselves of the opportunity which exists to
kill the last of the season's flight. Before sunrise
the shore of the bay is dotted with the boats of
the hunters. The beginning of the flightis heralded
by the booming of the shotguns. This shooting
continues almost without interruption until about
11 o'clock, when there isa lullin the fight The
flight is resumed again by 2 or 3 o'clock in the
afternoon and continues without intermission
until nightfall

The wind and weather exert the strongest ine
fluence over the shooting, the conditions most
favorable to succesaful sport being bigh gales and
a low thermometer. When these exist it fs not
uncommon for a sportsman to shoot from fifty

to one hundred ducks on a« single excursion to the
bay. Brant geese beve been particularly num
erous during the flight and, as they are qulte
readily shot over decoys and command 81 each
in market, some of the local hunters are earning
considerable money through shooting them
John Danes, of Blue Point, recently shot twenty
brant from a battery in the bay. Others have
shot even a larger number in the same vicinity

The shooting of the ducks on the flats after
nightfall with jacks is doing much injury to the
sport. The illegitimate methods are practised
principally by the market hunters who, locatin
the flock just before darkness sets in, wait untl
the feeding birds become quiet and then push
out on the flats in pursuitofthem. A still nightis
best suited to the work of the jacker ‘The ducks
dazed by the rays of the jack, make no attempt
to fly, but conunue in the water unul the hunter is
within easy shotgun range. ‘Then selecting the
thickest portion of the flock he discharges both bar
rels of the gun among them. When the flocks
are large and sit in compact bodies on the water
4 single volley often secures as many as thirty
or forty birds

The legal season for wild fowl shooting on Long
Island closes with the end of the present month,
reopening again on Ort. 1

FEEDING PLANTS THROUGH TUBES,

Great Results Expected From a New Method
of Forcing Growth.
From the Springfeld Republican

GM. Sherman of 800 Worthington street has,
be belleves, perfected a plan for forcing the growth
of almost any form of plant life to the extent that
the resulis of several years’ progress by natural
growth are accomplished in one season The
plan is simply to supply directly to the roots of
the plant, tree or shrub, the chemicals needed
in its growth, and thus save the growiwg thing
the trouble of extending its roots out through
a broad space of ground for the natural sources:

To, thus supply the nutriment Mr. Sherman
employs a utensil into which the chemicals are
supplied from the surface, and the storage cham
ber becomes surrounded with a thick growthof
roots that feed on the chemicals as they filter
through the “machine” Mr. Sherman bas al
ready accomplished material results with his in
vention, and has interested several prominent
horticultunsts and agriculturisis. During last
summer the process was tried on a “Queen of the
Prairie” rose bush. ‘lwo bushes, each a yenr old,
were taken for the test. One that was planted
under as favorable natural conditions as possible
grew w the height of three feet and bore seven
blossoms. ‘The second, equipped with the auly
matic “pusher,” grew tu over fifteen feet in height
ond bore 2,000 blossoms. ‘The bush was loaded
with perfect double roses of 4 deepened color and
a marked fragrance. The bush was hardy and,
having stood unprotected during the winter,
gives promise of even greater results during the
coming season. ‘The growth of fifteen feet was
secured In three months and showed a record
of twenty six inches in seven davs. ‘This is a
case of where a man might siton his piazza and
grow “a shade” fast enough to make it unnec
essary for him to move out of the sunlight.

The idea of such a system of growing plants
suggested itself to Mr. Sherman in the way roots
seek the sides of the crocks in which they are
planted. They do this invariably and become
matted around the outside of the earth in which
they are planted. It is claimed that this is due
to the absorption of the nutriment and moisture
from the earth into the porous material of
which the crock is made Mr. Sherman re
verses the scheme, supplying the nutriment and
moisture from the centre his causes the roote
to form in @ thick ball ground the source of sup
ply. The small gore required by the roots
makes it possible for them to send a much larger
amount of nutriment into the trunk, leaves, flow
ers and fruit, ifit bea fruit-bearing variety. Mr
Sherman says that apple trees can be made, by
his process, to bear an abundant harvest every
vear, instead of taking a biennial vacation to
grow roots. The system possesses the further
advantage that moisture is stored during 4 rainy
time for use duting a drought. Every sort of
plant, shrub or tree may be treated by this plan
with, Mr. Sherman believes, satisfactory results
Shade trees may be brought to a useful size in a
season or two The fact that the roota do not
spread out would make it necessery to anchor
the tree against the pressure of high winds

Mr. Sherman has recently spent some time
experimenting at the State Agricultural College,
and a series of teats will be made at the Haich
Experiment Station there Mr. Sherman states
that only the soil is needed to protect the roots
from the air and sun, but the forced shrub will
thrive better if planted in good soil, asin case the
owner mene to supply the “food,” the roots
will spread and seck nourishment through natural
channels, Several local horticulturists are
a to experiment with the machines during

he summer,

4 A eae ae
44 ee
ci trae

ae
ek pS Lies SRT a at Ae

eee

i

 
  

HOW TO ANGLE FOR TROUT.

PATIENCE, STUDY AND GOOD TACKLE
POTENT AIDS TO LUCK,
Keeping Ost of Sight of the Fish One of the
Prerequisites of Saccess on Brooke and
Small Streams— ‘Treat’ Weather and the
Fewness of Really Good Fishing Days
Even in the Height of the Fishing Season,

Volumes have been written with the trout
as the subject, The natural history of the fish,
the waysof luring him, and lastly, bis prepara-
tion for the table, have been descanted upon
until it seems as though nothing is left to be
said. And still, as the spring days come around
again the inspiration is renewed and more trout
Iterature is put upon the world. To those who
have been initiated into the art and mystery
of trout fishing and are endowed with the
proper temperament, there is no other kind of
angling which is so engrossing or fascinating
The black bass runs much larger and perhaps
puts up a harder fight, ounce for ounce, but its
capture does not seem to secure euch an ardent
and enthusiastic following as that of trout. The
period of trout fishingisinitself an allurement,
coming as it does after the long winter dreari-
neas, grass turning green, the shrubs and trees
budding and the returning song birds calling
and twittering onevery side, Itisthen that the
fever waxes in the blood. The rods and tackle
are dug out of winter quarters and overlooked;
the devotoes of the trout cult foregather and 6x-
change tales of past successes. What mat-
ters if the size and numbers of the “takes”
are a bit exaggerated now and then? Is any
body hurt? Does not each tolerantly make
due allowance for hia brother's poetic lieense?
And is it not all poetry?

But there are certain hard facta connected
with trout fishing, as with all things else.
Most of the trout literature deals in balmy
spring days, gentle southerly winds with light
cloudy skies-days on which the fish are only
too eager to be caught and the mastodon of
the stream is a victim of the angler’s skill,
and the aforesaid angler is able easily to cast
his fly most akilfully into all the likely places
and always goes home with a well filled basket.
The actualities of a day's trout fishing are some-
times a trifle different. There are occasions
when the day varies slightly from the ideal
one of the trout poets. Sometimes the gray
morning turns into a day on which the eun
shines brightly and the wind blows persistently
from the wrong quarter. The fish refuse to
rise to the fly ortake the humble worm. You
tramp along the stream, stumble through the bog
and underbrush and mayhap tear a hole in your
waders and drag about a wet foot which later
on weighs aton or thereabout. Possibly your
leader catches on a thorn bush, in some mys-
terious way, entirely out of the direction of
your cast, and must be yanked and broken to
free it: or the tip snaps, involving @ long walk
back to somewhere to get the spare one, The
most likely pools yield nosign of trout, but you
persist with asort of desperation, recalling tales
which you have heard and read of good catches
made after similar experiences, although you
cannot quite recall the like as ever having hap-
pened to you, Your better judgment tells you
toguit and go home, but, no, you go on doggedly
and perhaps eventually you secure an unso-
phieticated fingerling which you heartlessly keep
‘for luck.” This gives you some encourage-
ment, you think the spell may new be broken
and with renewed enthusiasm you plod on fur-
ther from your base of supplies. You be-
come tired and careless at last and make litle
effort to screen yougself from the view of the
wary fish: vou do not keep your hook well baited
and generally flesh in such a way that no trout
not afflicted with paresis would consider you
for a moment as a serious proposition. At
length you reluctantly reel up your line, un-
joint your rod and depart. The next dav--
“What luck?” is the inquiry from various con-
freres of the gentle art, Even the most notor-
iously unskilfull and unlucky of these listens
to your tale of the day with a look which im-
plies disparagement of your skill. You wish
you hadn't gone fishing. You are not super-
stitious, but for the time you are half ready to
believe in “hoodoos.” Your piscatorial enthusi+
asm suffers a temporary eclipse

But all this doesn’t last- a litte later and
you are on the banks of the stream again under
entirely different conditions from the day of
your discouragement. The wind is right,
the sun is veiled behind a warm gray cloud,
there is that nameless something in the at-
mosphere—almost a taste of perfume, which

to the true angler says “fish”--that is unmi+-
takable and never deceives him There are
at most but two or three such days in each
spring, but the fisherman knows them when
they come and unhappy is he who is then tied
to his desk or shop.

On such a day as this the gtream is ap-
proached, It is not. “stocked” water, re-
plenished each year with thousands of frv to
replace the fish taken by some club of owners
where the trout are tame enough to oome
at a whistle, but it is a natural trout strean
with trout in it, which cannot be said of all
so-called trout brooks, for many of the beat
natural Waters have been depleted in various
ways by rachers with nets, by “timing,”
ottera, minks and the destruction of spawn
by eels and other fish) Many streams where
once excellent fishing could be found have
been ruined by the erection on their banks
of portable sawmills whereby the water be-
comes filled with sawdust, No trout cau exist
in them and when once depleted the increase
later on is very slow.

But to return to our fishing It is too early
in the season to nope for much succes’ with the
fly. and besides bait fishing with @ fly rod
and fine tackle Is “sporty” enough for most
of ia Also very few atreams can be fished
effectively with the artificial fy, Underbrush,
trees, leaving oO room tor 4 proper cast, an
adverse wind at the most likely spots when the
fly cannot be placed where it is wauted, all tell
against ite use in inost waters in the United
States. In Fowland, where the streama flow
through cleared meadows, readily approach-
able and where there ix little or no undergrowth
or patural forests, the fy can be used to great
advantage Also there are preserves in Amer-
jew where the conditions are similar, but in
most of our streams, where the flebing ia free
or partly so, the natural conditions are greatly
against an effective use of the ardficial flr.
this may be piseatorial heresy, but it is a fact
nevertheless To some of the Maine or Adi-
rondack lakes these remarks of course do not
apply, but they do to the ordinary brook or
emall stream fishing, accessible in two or three
hours from moat of our large cities

The humble angle worm is a Killing bait, in
all waters. A fly rod can be used just the same
and casting resorted to when there is sufficient
room. In most cases no sinker is necessary,
but there is one cardinal, positive rule-you
muat, as far as possible, at however much per-
sonal discomfort and inconvenience, keep out
of alight of the fish, for if they see you they will
not take your lure

If the stream flows through a meadow, with
no intervening bushes or shelter, you must
ereep on your hands and knees until you are
near enough to cast, and you must be very
gentle about the cast and make as few contor-
tions aa possible. Don't march up to the water
as if you expected the troub to be paralyred
with admiration at your outfit and general
style. Begin to be cautious when within fifty
teet of the brink, especially if there ia little
shelter You may not look so much like a
sporting picture, “snuoping” through a bog.
as you would posing gracefully by the edge
of the water and gallantly brandishing your
rod in an exhibition cast, but you will catch
more trout. Face the sun if there is any, for
the fish will flee from your shadow or that of
the rod, (ast with the wind if you can, your
bait will fall more naturally and you cancast
mueh further. Cross the etream to take ad-
vantage of the wind, if necessary. Spare your-
self no pains if you want trout. To be lazy or
enreleas means a light basket. In rapid run-
ning water you may be able to wade and let
your line run out to some distance ahead, also
In such water the fish are not as likely to see
you, but bearin mind all the time that you are
{in pursuit of the most wary of fish and must
stalk them as the hunter stalks the deer

Where the stream flows through woods, un-
dergrowth and alderswamps your difficulties
are infinitely increased, for you cannot in
many cases wade or cast) There ia constant
risk of your line being caught by the innu-
merable twigs which reach their pestering
claws for it on every hand But in such places
lurk the largest fish and he who has the skill
and patience to met his hook into the water
eatches them, (On this particular day,mind you
You will more than likely lose vour leader,
or part of it. more than ence and you may
he tempted to utter euss words - but remember
the proverb, “Swearers catch no fish,’ at
any rate try to keep your temper; you will do
better fishing. Don't stay too long at any
particular spot, for trout become very shy
after a few casts. Give the place a reat for
an hour or so and come back and see what
hanpens Fish up or down stream as hest
suits the methods of approach, and the direction
of the wind

Sit down and rest now and then Fill up
your pipe if you smoke- and most anglers do
Look about at the landscape and give thanks
that rw are on earth to day and are an angler,
or af least try to be one. Make resolutions
to become a better man and to

 

 

   

   

SS SS SS SSS SSS a =
a — —— |

UN, SUNDAY, APRIL

 

ate than you have some in your
of your proweea in piscatorial art.

you can have another try at the stream.
momober at the finer more delicate
your le the better your chances with so
shy a fish the trout. A six-foot er’ of
fine wut will be long enough—four feet will
enerally anawer. Use a good six-ounce rod
n the whole pothing ia batter than split bam-
boo. Carry plenty of hooks aod twe or three
are leaders: sometimes a sinker is useful,
eep half a dozen adjustable ones in your pocket,

ey can readily be pul on or removed ‘
Phenomenal © siccens--in talea—is credited
to the amall boy with a «tick and a string, but
in cases where some truth may lurk in the
legend you will jenerally find that the small
boy had apecial how! ge of some choice

pool and fished it very warily

You bear nothing
of bis bad luck days, but you may be eure he
had them. Fine tackle does not of itself take
fish, but it helps every time

you use angleworms see that your hook
is well and freshly beited. Lae a whole worm
each time and let the ends dangle above and
below the hook

22, 1

900.

     

  

SIGNAL WORK IN LUZON

SOME NOTABLE EXPLOITS OF THE
SOLDIERS OF THE WIRE.

 

 

 

 

| More Than 1,000 Miles of Military Lines

Now in Operation}-Sergeant Fian-
pery'’s Feat of Telegraphing Without
an Instrument While Under Fire.

MANILA, Feb, 18 --On the wall in the central

office of the Signal Corps in Manila bangs 4 blue. |

print map of the island of Luzon. On it, like the
arteries of the human system on an anatomical
chart, are depicted in red pencillings the various
military telegraph lines, Capt Russell of the

| Signal Corpe is proud of this map

As soon aa it ceases to wig- |

gle, rebait, for the trout will not touch a stale |

worm. The belly fin of the trout, next the
tail, is often very killing, especially in waters
that will admit of casting, where it oan be used
like the aruificial fly and has the vantage
of lasting a long time without repewal.
me stretch of the stream has ita own pe-
cullarities which must be observed as separate
probleme. Conaider the best methods of ap-
proach and where the fish propasy are, but
you will frequently take fish where you least
expect to, and fail in the most likely looking
apote. Care, patience and perhaps a certain
natural instinct Seine the angler, who
habitually fills his creel from him whose Suck
{is generally bad or medioore
on't be a hog if the fates happen to be good
to you and the trout bite freely. You don't
want more than eighteen or twenty ~if you are
lucky enough to get as many You cannot eat
them all yourself and it is the fishmonger's
business, not yours, to supply your frienda.
Don't keep fingerliggs and don't to make
the record eaten of the season. Later on you
will very likely make some wild statements
about the day's sport, but at the brookside
be merciful. This caution ia, however, very
robably neediess, for trout fishing is apt to

“1htfydon't'€0 Bening on Sunday,

RATS ON SHIPBOARD.

 

 

Not Bad Shipmates, Bays a Captain, if They
Have Water to Drink.
From the New Orieans Times Democrat,

Chatting with some friends last night, the
Captain of a big freight steamer now taking on
cargo at this port told some stories about rats.

“I have the ship cleaned out by professional
rat-catchers whenever we touch at Liverpool,”
he said, “and between times we try to keep them
drown by trapping, but it’e hard work, We
don't dare to use poison. If we did, the hold
would soon be full of dead rats and the stench
would breed a fever.’ Our traps are of the wire-
cage pattern and considerable craft haa to he
used in setting them, for a ship rat is a very cun-
ning beast, and he will steer clear of decoys that
bis landlubber brothers walk right into with
their eyes wide open. If we simply baited the
traps in the ordinary way and left them about
in the bold we wouldn't catch a doren in 4 year.
Our plan is this. On the first night we open the
trap doors and tie them in that pomiion with bite
of string so they can't possibly spring shut. Then
we put scrapa of old cheese inside and leave them
until the following evening. That's to reassure
the rats that the strange wire contrivances are
perfectly harmless and that they mey enter in

with a certainty of getti out ain. Next
night we renew the bait and take off the pinage,
and, aa 4 general thing, we catch all that the

cages will hold I have seen them ao full that it
seemed im ble to get another rat inside, which
is pretty g evidence, ae I take it, that they

can't communicate with each other and give the
slerm. There is nothi new about —
1 describe-~-it is practi on all big ships when

the creatures have enough water

the rats get too bad

“As long as ,
to drink,” continued the Captain, “they don’t
give the crew any particular trouble and keep
out of sight down inthe bowels of the ane But
thirat makes them desperate and ep they be
come an unmitigated nuisance and will gv boldly
anywhere in search of a drink. I have kown
them to invade the fo'castle in such oumbers
that they drove the sailors to the deck, and at
other times | have even several hundred make
a combined rush for a water barrel. It would
surprise most people unaccustomed to seafaring
life to know that water is usually kept in the
hold of cargo ships especially for the rate, It's
done to keep them below, and if for any reason
the supply runs short there is sure to be trouble
1 said just now that when the creatures were thirsty
they would go anywhere, and I mean it to the
letter. They will climb the rigging like monkeys,
and it is a common thing for them to go clear
up to the topsails looking for the rainwater that
accumulates in the bight or fold of furled canvas.
Last time I waa in port I saw a green sailor get
the scare of his life He had gone aloft to shake
out the topgallant, and as he did so four enor
mous raw sprang Out and ran up one arm, across
his shoulders and down the other side. He w
so startled that he let loose all holds and woul
certainly have fallen to the deck if he hadn't
providentially caught on the footline. Many of
the fo'casile han make pets of rats during
a long voyage, and it ie astonishing how easily
they can be tamed and made to perform tricks.
When a professional catcher comes aboard for a
general raid there is always & frantic rounding
up of these peta w get them outof harm's way
until after the battle fs over.”

SALMON DESERT THE PENOBSCOT,

The King of Fishes Scarcer Than Ever This
Spring in the Maine River.

BreKkspont, Me, April 20 -The catch of
salinuu in Penobscot River weirs bas fallen off
greatly within the past two years, so that a num-
ber of fishermen who have relled upon their
summer's work to tide them through the long
winter have abandoned thelr privileges and are
planting wide areas to land crops to make up
for the deficit from the sea. Thirty years ago
when the United States established a salmou
hateherr on Craig’# Brook in the town of Or
land, very few salmon came !ntotheriver Choice
cuts sold for $2 4 pound early in the season and
never went below 40 cents. ©. G. Atkins who
has been ip charge of the station siace{ts construc
tion caused salmon fry to be planted in the cold
streams and lakes slong the Penobscot water

shed, and in less than ten years the poorest fam
fly could afford salmon on its table. For ten
eats succeeding 18764 number of weirs at the
nead of Verona and in Penobscot Narrows had
an average catch of ten salmon at every ude.
‘The fish were big and fat. In spite of the low
rices which prevaded on account of bringing
Ih casea of canned salmon from Ore on and Alaska

i

|

‘on the ground a foot apart

the weir owners made money and Were in a fair |

way to getrich when the uprivet pulp mills began

to pollute the water and discourage the fish from { a

going beyond the mouth of the river

The value of the salmon caught in the wires
in the summer of 1880 wae estimated a1 815,000.
Five years later it had rigen t $20,000. ‘Then
the catch diminished tapidly, so that it was no
more than 68,000 in 1805 and hardly 88.000 in
18999. This year the outlook is very gloomy
In former years from twenty to thirty salmon
were iaken with book and line at the pool above
Bangor before the middle of Apel, and a half
dozen men wade good wages seit nets between
Bangor and Hampden hough the first salmon
tuken by fiy fishing was eaught on Apnil 1 the
record of the pool up to Apmil 15 of this vear
was only two fish for the seasun. The men who
owned nets out them out and watched them closely
for a fortnight without getting anything more
valuable than a few conger oels hen they
hired out jn the sawmills and hung thoir nets up
to dry. The weirs on the shores of Bucksport,
Prospect, Stockton, Verona and Searsport have
fared little better, Far down the river at the foot of
Brigadier's Island a few salmon have heen caught,
but the weirs that have made the river famous
for balf a century take nothing but olewives,
seculpins and flounders

MEDALS FOR RESOLUTE'S MEN,

Admiral Sampson Decides in Favor of the
New dersey Naval Militia.

Poinaperrara, April 19.—Capt. Giles &.
Faton, ordnance officer at the Boston Navy
Yard, has sent a letter to Lieut. Charles &.

Braddock, Jr., of Camden, N, J., who wasin
command of the New Jersey Naval Militia on
the transport Resolute while the battle of Ban-
tlago waa in progress. In which he savs that
Admiral Samnaon has decided that the men on
the Resolute are entitled to perwerne ijn the
distribution of medals and money. he letter

says:

“Admiral Sampson informed me to-day that
he had communicated with his Captains, stat-
ing that in. his opinion it would be advisable to
admit the Resolute's claim for participation in
the action of July 3, 184%.: He has now heard
from several of them; without exception they
have lett the matterin his handa for decision,
The Admiral states that he has decided to ad-
mit the Resolute,and that he will write to
Washington to that effect,

“TL eongratulate you and all my shipmates in
New Jersey that thia bar to our securing
justice which we believe to be our due ia now
removed. I have always believed that it was
not the actof the Admiral himself which ex-
cluded us originally. Now that the Admiral
has taken means to rectify the Injustice, we
ought all to feel most grateful to him. Of
course this action carries with it the medals
and an forth.”

While the battle was in_progress the Reso.
lute and the transport Indiana were about
half a mile from the main scene of aqtiea, and

su

Woah omies' 3 manta Retlae oad
ed. The atthe
to the fact that the Inq dy to

eqipas was ready to part;
clpate In the battle and her name was included
{n the Fgvort, but that of the Resolute was not

more moder- | Ins

| Prize fighting is the same
| tomers go to prizefighia regulariy

“Here,” says he, covering with his two handa
@ network of red lines about Manila, “waa the ex
tent of the army telegraph lines three months
ago. Now look where we ate today,” and he
stretched his arms up to point wo the two narrow
little red linen running to the extreme northern
end of the island, and then swept his bands down-
ward to point out the cable system in the Laguna
do Bay and the network of lines extending to the
various gatrisoned towns south of there as far
as Hatangas.

Since active operations began in October last
the Signal Corps has rigged up more than a
thousand miles of lines. This would have been
a still bigger job than it was had it not been
for the involuntary assistance rendered by the
inaurgenta themselves in leaving uninjured sev
eral hundred miles of line formerly built by the
Spaniards and later used by the rebels. The
Signal Corps men following the troops seized
these lines as often as they came handy and strung
their own wire to connect the breaks.

Previous to Gen. Lawton's campaign up the
Rio Grande last Octoberand the subsequent rout-
ing of the insurgent government at Tarlac by Gen.
MacArthur there were barely 250 miles of tele-
gtaph lines in operation under the Americans.
With remarkable speed the new lines were erected
and telegraph offices established in the rear of
the moving troops. (apt. Russell was in charge
of the Signal Corps detachment that accompanied
Gen. Lawton on his muddy tour through the Nueva
Feija country and along the mountains w head
off Aguinaldo, and it waa owing to some mighty
tall hustling by him and his men that Gen. Law-
ton was able to keep in tovch with Manila
The supply of insulated wire ran out and it was
neceasaty to lay bare wire for miles through the
awamps and mire over which the column had
to pasa. = By the aid of the little instrument called
the buzzer it was possible to send and receive
faint messages over this wire

The Signal Corps torce of Luzon at present
consists of two companies of barely one hundred
men each, and these are widely scattered. In
the district south of Manila the men are distributed
among sixty-five telegraph offices and in the dis

trict t) the north they are taking care of mans
more. In some parta of the island little groups
of men are uvreeling wire behind moving columns
of infantry and sending and menving messages
from flying field telegraph «offices. In addition
to erecting lines and operating them they have
constantly w mend breaks where the rebels cut
the wires and this often involves fightin So
the Signal Corps men are kept busy and have
plenty of adventures as well
One Signal Corps sergeant went with five sui
diers from Talavera to repair a |reak. The
break had beeen found and the sergeant was start
ing to repair it when 4 score of insergents rose
up in the tall grasa by the roadside and poured
@ volley into the little band. They attempted
to fight the rebels off, but it was useless. he
peasant dashed for the brush and succeeded
n getting away. One of the soldiers also made
his escape, but the oiber four were never seen
or of afterward. Thie particular stretch
of line was cut again and again and was finally
abandoned. This line ran through a lonely
region. Where a telegraph line extends along
e high wer bordered by native huts itis customary
for the Signal Corps men to explain tw the in-
habitants that the line must not be injured under
alty of aaree their houses burned. Very
lew instances are known where natives have dis-
regarded this warning
tgt. Flannery is an old band in the Signal
Corps, and is ready to atiempt anything under
the sun ordered by his officers. He was stationed
at Imus when the Filipinos began to preas in on
the road between there and Bacouor early in October
The Cag Savers thisincident happened Private Gun
deraon had gone out to repair the telegraph line
He found the break at the point known at the
Rend, “Bloody Bend” some people call it to-day.
and was mending the wire, when insurgents
on the opposite bank of the river began shoving
and he was killed) Twenty-four hours later a
sharp fight was going on beiween an American

infantry command and the insurgents at this
same point. Sergi. Flannery was at work re
pairing the wire which had again been cut. He

waa drawing the ends together, assisted by Private
Beals, and apparently unconscious of the bul-
lew dropping about him, when the commanding
officer rushed toward him

“IT want to get word to Imus forre enforcements”
he said to Flanne “Is there any way you can
send ea message to [mus for me”

“I have no instrument with me, sir,” answered
Plannery, “but I might try tapping with the ends
of the wire.”

"Yes, do it,” ordered the officer, anxiously

Flannery drew the two ends of the wire together
and began tapping one on the other, calling Imus
He repeated the call at least a dozen times t) make
sure [mus wes listening and then very carefully
tavped off the message ashing forre enforcements
This done he placed the two ends of the wire ageinst
his torgue and by means of the faint twinges he
receive’! he was able to make out Imus's “O. Kk.”
He was able to distinguish a dot anda dash by
the duration of the twinge

“All right, sir Thev have the message.” he
reported to the infantry officer

Private Beals had by this time received a bullet
wound. Flannery devoted his energies 10 getting
him to a safe place and then returned to the wire
which he duly finished repairing

"As nervy and clever a piece of work as has
been done during the war is the verdict of army
officers who have heard of Flannerv's feat

It ia now getting to be the custom for the Signal
Corps to use very little insulated wire By using
the buzzer it haa been found possible wo lay bere
wire flat on the ground ina hasty manner and seod
R for many miles without insulation

he buzzer can also be used as a telephone
When iy is recording the dows and dashes it suunds
much like a fly trying to make its escape from a
piece of sticky fly paper. By means of the buzz-r
some wonderful feats have been accomplished in
telegraphing over country where the wire has
even lain in mud and water, and Signal Corps
mea in one instance were able to carry communica
tion past a break where the ends of the wire rested
The buzzer recorded
very fainiy. but the message could be made out

Several telephone instruments have been fur
nished to the Signal Corps and in many places
they are in use. In the vicinity of Calainba the
rrisona are able to telephone in a rude way, as
well as telegraph over the same line The only
drawback to the telephone system where the bus
zer je used as a transinitter is the mability to signal
by ringing The operators obviate this diffeulty
by listening in at stated intervals, say on the even
half hour

The business handled at the central office in
Manila in one day is enormous and the average

number of messages is 5,600 As the average
length of these messages is thirty words, this would
therefore probably equal 11,000 Western Upvion

mesaages since t latier seldom exceed fifteen
words. The fact that the use of the milliary
telegraph line is free, makes each message of more
than usual length An officer is apt to begin a
telegraphic request with “If you can possibly find
it convenient "or “Convey my compliments to
fo-and-so" and thus uses twice the number of
words be would employ if be were paying for the
message out of his pocket

The Signal Service in the Philipntnes is under
the direction of Col Allen. The two com
panies in Luzon are commanded by Capt Russell

d Capt Carr. Major Scrivens. with a force of

fiy men, is conducting the signal operations
in the aouthern islands. His work at present has
extended but little beyond Cebu and Panay

HORSE RACING HURTS SALOONS.

where, Says the Keeper of Onc.

A man with a card giving the dates for prize-
fights and the racing cards for the current month
entered a Ninth avenue saloon last week and eaid
to the proprietor

“Here is a good thing for you and it's cheap
T will put up cards like this with al! (he sporting
fixtures each month for @ very small price All
first class saloons have them, and '

"Get out of here, quick,” interrupted the saloon
keeper; “fade aways, clear out. run or I will throw
you out’

“But you don't understand what |

“Yes, Ido,” said the proweteter "You want me
to advertise the very 1
business the most, Clear ott, now; | meanit’

The agent left and the proprietor said to a lis-
tener: “(ood ponte who condemn the saloon class
it with prize fighting and horse racin The
saloon is all right, but prize fiehting and racing
are wrong hey injure the saloon business
in this city more than anything else = You don't
see how that can be” Well, I'm in the saloon
business, andl know. Why, on afternoons when
there are big races my recripta don't amount to
anything eople who might be sitting here com-
fortably refreshing themselves go to the racetracks
and wastetheir money. Horse racing isall wrong
Lota of my beat cus-
Il lose money
every timethereisafight Two weeks ago a pool-
room that has been running near my saloon closed
down and the first Saturday my receipts increased
$28. Don't that prove it? Do you think that I
am going to advertise these things that hurt my

ness; Notmuch 14m with the people who
are trying to put these things down every time,”

 

THE LOST COLONY OF ROANOKE,

 

——

A Criticiom of Former Letters on the Sub-
ject and a Suggestion of Great Interest.

To tHe Evtron oy tHe SuN—Sir: I have
read with intorest the two ‘ettera in Tas
Bun of the 19th inst, relating to the so-called
lost colony of Roanoke.

This is a fascinating theme because it ¢m-
bodies a mystery—a condition that wili always
appeal to the popular mind. The story ie one,
however, to which the writer has devoted con-
siderable attention with reeults somewhat op-
posed to the views entertained by your (wo
correspondents, Mr. Weeks and Mr, Daves.
My own contributions relating to the Roanoke
colony are embraced in a paper read before
the American Association fur the Advancement
of Science, at Brooklyn in 1804, "On the Dis-
covery of Chaunl Temoatan of 1586,” and
published in the American Antiquarian, Vol.
17, pp, 1-14, 1804; and in @ paperon “The
Bocootauwonankes, or the Fire Nation " con-
tributed to the Archa@ologist, Vol, 3, po.
18-105, and 253-200, 1805, In the prepara-
tion of these two papers and some others, it
becamo necessary to review all the evidence,
pre and con, I could find relating to this 6o-
called lost colony. The result of that review I
shail give as briefly an possible, although the
subject needs more extended treatment than
can be given in this letter.

Both of your correspondents are mistaken In
several instances in quoting references and
extracts from the works of the early writers
which really refer to people other than the lost
coloniate,

Mr. Daves for instance writes and quotes:
“With Capt. John Smith's ‘True Rela-
tion,” a chart of Virginia was sont to
England in June, 1608. On this chart
these legends appear: ‘Here remayneth
4 men clothed that came from  Ro-
anovk to Ocanahawan.’ The ‘Rela on’ further
says: ‘Asofcertaine men cloathed ata place
called Ocanahanon, clothed like me. Many
kingdoms hee deacribed to me. * * * The
people cloathe! at Ocanahanon hee also con-
(irmed’; "Where at Peccarecameck and Ocana-
hoen by the relation of Machumps, the people
have howses built with stone walles, and one
story abovo another, so taught them by those
Englishe who escaped the slaughter at Ro-
anoke * * * where the people breed up
tama turkeis about their howses.’”’

These allusions to men clothed at these
places did not refer tothe lost colonista, al-
though Strachey seemingly belleved they did
at the time he wrote, as earlier did also Kmith
us well as John Stephney, quoted by Mr, Daves
With no base of supplies and a Ispse of twenty
odd years in a wilderness, it would have been
strange and contrary to reason had they re-
mained clothed. In fact, asit was afterward
learned, Spaniards were the men clothed, who
seem atthe timeto have been settied tempo-
rarily at Roanoke or thereabouts, coming and
goln@ along the coast in quest of gold mines.
The houses with stone walls wero probably
those erected at the Spanish settlements to the
southward, the celebrity of which nad un-
doubtedly spread north among the natives into
Virginia, even as the knowledge of the settle-
ments on the St. Lawrence by the French had
travelled south. Smith corroborates this allu-
sion to Spaniards in hia “Genera! Historie,”
written in 1622, quoting Ralph Hamor of 1611,
who says: “Bending their course to Ocana-
howan, five daies’ journey from us, where they

report ope Spaniards inhabiting.” (Arbers
Smith. p. .)

The reference to white men to the et: h-
weat jin John Lederer’s ‘Marches’ in 1670,
undoubtedly indivated Spaniards. Blair's
statement in 1704, as wel! as Lawson's in 1708,
ig hardly worth quoting in connection with
the lost colonists, for too many years had
elapsed, and too many refugees and renegades
had sought a home and sp'grensed with the
natives. The retention of English pronunci-
ation, still heard in some parts of New YP
land, among ao Indian tribe as the result ofa
contact of three centuries ago, is On @ par ite
the affidavit of the Rev. Morgan Jones tn 1600,
who relates how he found a tribe called the
Doegs among the Tuecarora Indians who
spoke the won janguage. They wi then
seated upon Pantigo River, N. C. y come
writerathey are supposed to have heen de-
ecendants of the Madoc coloniets of 1170, from
North Wales.

Strachey does not say,as Mr. Daves hints,
that the movements of the colonists were
known after leaving Roanoke; but he did -:
“Ot whose end you shal! yet hereafter read In
due place in this decave.'’ In his introduction
he makes the same promise, viz: "The poor
planters afterward, us you shall read in the
following discourse, came to & miserable and
untimely destiny.’ This promise he fulfils
where he speaks of the Spanish seducers living
among the Indians, viz: “Yet no Spanish in-
tention shall be entertained by us; neither
hereby to root out the naturale Indians), but
only totake from them the seducers, * * *
declaring into the several Weroauces. and
making the common people to likewise un-
derstand how that his Majesty hath been ac-
quainted that the men, women and children of
the first plantation at Roanoke were by prac-
tice and commandment of Powhatan (he him-
self persuaded thereunto by his priests) mia-
erably slaughtered, without any offence @iven
him. either by the first planter( who twenty
and odd vears bad peaceably lived intermixed

| with those savages), and were out of his terri-

tory.”

This allusion moat assuredly indicates a sec-
ond Roanoke mussacre, for there were no wo-
men or children among the fifteen left by
Greenville in 15a.

Can it be possible that the colonists lived
“twenty and odd years’ after their abandon-
ment, and our intrepid Capt. John Smith to
have been unaware of jt? According to hia
‘True Relation’ and the letter in the "General
History,” it was unknown to him In 1608; etill,
this is only negative evidence. for ha does not
give or deny the story, but doem aay in his
“Genoral History.” written tn 1622, qootin
John White (Arber's Smith, page 331); “An
then we left, seeking our colony that waa never
any of them found nor seene to thia day, 1622."

his really does not contradict Strachey but
leaves nsto fal! back on Strachey's hearsay
tale of the seven carried {nto captivity. also
quoted by Mr. Daves, viz.: "And where at

{tanve the Weroauce Eyanovo preserved
seven of the English alive, fower men, two
boys and one young mayde, who escaped the
massacre and fled up the river of Chanoke to
beat his copper of whith he hath certain
inyues at the sald Ritanoe, as also at Pamu-
wank are sald to be store of salt stones,”’

This ia the only tradition aurviving this eriti-
ca! review that is wirthy of extended disous-
sion, bearing, a® it does, many elements of
probability, besides being corroborated por-
sikly in this day of research and investigation
by some noted archwological finds t has
been generally accepted by those who have de-
voted attention to the subject in all its aspects,
cartographical and otherwise, that these
prisoners were carried by well marked trails
and waterways, to the vorthwesat over the
mountains to the salt country, about
the present city of Charleston on the
Kanawha Kitver in West Virginia, a centre
of aborigina! remains, or a8 two places
are mentioned, to that country ofanclent mon-
umenis. about Paint Creek, between the Scioto
and Muskingum rivers in Ohio, Here is whera
both Smith and Strachey place the territory of
the Bocootauwonaukes or the Fire Nation,
who, Strachey saya; "Melt copper and other
mettais and beat it into plates, the like
whereof is hardiy found in any
other part of the world,” The
question now arises, can we assign to these

  

| captives of the loat colony, the manufactare of

' the wonderful ser %

nings that hurt the saloon |

i of copper objects diseov-
ered by Mr. W. K. Moorehead, in the mounds
of the Hopewell groups, Rosa county, Ohio?
These copper objects consiated of Thoosinas at
piates and other objects of hammered work,
suchas anklets, propeigts and ornaments for
various parts of the body, circular discs joined
in pairs bya thick stem and by nivote richly
ornamented in veponasé work. There were
thin plates in formof fishes, birds and animals;
others cut into ‘iamond forma with geo-
metrical fignreaand in stencil; two pieces repre-
sented the Swastika croas; there were sixty-six
copper belts of various sizes, several copper
axes, one of which weighed forty-oue pounds.
Thirty copper plates overlapped the axes, a
great copper engle, twenty inches in diameter,
wings outspread, beak open, tail and wing
feathers stamped in reponasé. Over three
thousand of the copper spnol-shaped objects
were also incovered, In factit waa the moat
remarkable archaologicn! discovery ever made
inthe United Rtater. They could only have
been produced bya akiiled workman, and abso.
lute proof is lacking that the captives of the ont
colony did the work, but it is a well-known fact
that captives have been saved inrecent times for
similur purposes and compelled by their savage
taskmastera to perform their laborious work oF
die. This lends still greater probability to the
theory presented as to the origin of these ann.
er objects now in possession of the Field Co.
Iimbian Museum at Chicago, and greater
interest to the discussion of the loat colonists
Witriag Warttace Tooxss

Components of a Maine Tipple.
from the Portiand Daily Press
County Attorney Fo 1 Campbell of Cherry fleld,
who was in Bangor on Thursday, says that Coro
ner Fo 1. Shaw of Machias has received word of
the further results of the analysis by Prof. Robin

son of Bowdoin of the contents of the stomachs
of Clinten and Horace Gardner, the two Machias
men killed by drinking Jamaica ginger. The
analysis shows thatthe so-called Jamatea inger
was made up of a large percentage of wood ake -
hol and capsictim an 4 _smail trace of ginger,
The bottles are labelled “Picnic Ginger,”

    
      

  
 

 

 
 

a

THE GEYSERS ALL RIGHT,

A FRENCH OBSERVER IN THE Yep
LOWSTONE MISTAKEN,

 

He Meld Thet the Geysers in the Nati
Park Were Approaching Extinction, pay
His Premises and Conclusions Ara De,
clared by Capt. Chittenden to Be Erroneous,

The following statement concerning the Yeling,
atone geysers is furnished by Capt. HM. Chi.
tenden, Corps of Engineers, U. S. A, in charge
of the improvement of Yellowstone Park

‘There was recently published in a French sclemy
tile paper, Ciel et Terre of Paris, an article ”
the Yellowstone National Park in which the wriep
who had lately visited the Park, holds that the
geysers are rapidly approaching #atinetion,
The article has been widely copled throughous
the United States, and has gone a long WAY ioe
ward creating an impression that the Yellowstone
wonderland, 80 far as regards the hot Springs
and geysers, is practically a thing of the past,

Both in his premises and conclusions the
author of this article ts wholly astray, anditig
@ good example of how even a scientific observer
may draw wrong conclusions if he fails to examine
all sides of a question. A few examples will
Mlustrate

Roaring Mountain, which the author of the
Ciel et Terre article did not hear roar, never has
roared to any noticeable extent Some enthusiage
tic explorer in past years happened by this hall
when there was an excessive escape of steam,
heard the loud shrill sound which it caused, and
dignified the bill with the name of Roaring Moune
tain. Butitis doubtful if any one has ever heard it
roar any more than it does now;certainiy it is ag
active as it has been for fifteen or twenty years past

The Growler is another example in which the
author's conclusions are exactly the Opposite
of the facts. This steam vent has quadrupled
in power in the past ten years. A close observer
would have seen this, if he taken note of the greay
destruction which is going on in the Surrounding
trees. ‘There are several acres of ground around
this spring on which the trees have been killed
during the past six years. Obviously its force
and volume have greatly increased, or its destruc
tive influence would not be so much extended
_ A litte inquiry would furtber have shown thie
investigator that cloae by the Growler the Goy
ernment has in recent years been compelled io
change ita road because of the outbreak of new
springs and geysers of great energy and power
In fact this entire basin, called the Norris Gosser
Basin, is steadily increasing in activity

The old Fountain Geyser in the Lower Firehol
Basin has indeed become extinct, but is eperge
has been transferred to another near by which
appeared simultaneously with the disappearance
of the old

The Great Fountain Geyser displays the sane
activity thatit did when first described by Folsom
in 1869

Excelsior Geyser has been in eruption but two
or three times since the discovery of this regi)
[tis the most powerful geyserin the Hark and dure
ing its lasteruption it burst through the rim which
separates it from the Firehole River ‘Vhis let

the water in the pool sr and lowered ts level
several feet. The relief of preasure this broughs

 

about very likely accounts for its failure to be
In eruption iv recent vears; but its volume of din
charge is as great as itever was
. Old baithtal shows bo perceptible chang ‘her
in regularity or height of eruption

The Bee hive 18 less frequent in eruption than
it used to be, bul others in the neighborhood are

more active
Geyser vetion on the shore of the Yellowstone
Lake is more vigorous thin it was ten sears ago

    

Mud Geyser in the past few yeors has shown
more violence and power than cover before cnce
it was discovered. ‘The springs on Sulphur

Mountain appear exactly as they did ten years
4go. The various features throughout the l’erk
known aa Paint Pots, show no percepuble chang:

The mammoth Hot Springs show more changs
than any other feature. but this is due to mer
ion rather than extinction. While the springs
on one side are dying out those on the other are
increasing and it is difficult to say on which sida
the balance hes.

To those long acquainted with the Park the
changes do not appear extensive. The total sum
of thermal energy displayed seems to be about
the same as it waa twenty five yearsago. Springs
die out and others take their places, and thera
is a constant change of this sort going on. If
an observer wanted to make out & case on ex
parte testimony that the geysers are becoming
extinct be could easly do so. With equal ease
could he make outexactly the opposite case.

_ It is entirely probable that the broad opera.
tion of general causes is on the side of ultimate
extinction of all thermal activity in this region.
The evoluuon of the earth is ip that direction
But the process is a very slow one, and the tourist
in the year 2000 will find things in this region
very much 4s we find them to-day

Apart from the geysers and hot springs the
other scenic Attractions remain the same, but ore
more accessible than ever before, while the fine:
uuons of the Park as a game preserve is yearly
increasing in importance

JOCKEY STOPPED FOR HIS CAP.

A Bot tled-Up Good Thing Spoiled by a Pu
at the Gloucester Track.

When McIntyre, the jockey, was riding Mee
hanus, the heef and beans horse, to victory at the
Aqueduct track on Wednesday last, his cap blew
off just as the horses were turning into the stret!
The boy didn't pay any attention to the loss of hia

cap not even involuntarily looking around afier
it, as some boys might have done, but hep to lis
work and brought the equine idol of Park tow
under the wire a handy winner

“A little abing like that cost me $2,000 0/ my
good coin and $20,000 winnings once.” sali a
time turf follower as the bareheaded jockey cise
muunted and weighed in. “1 haven't got overt

feeling sore about it vel, and every tine | see a
boy's top covering blow off in a race il makes ne
mad all over to remember how | was dune
along with a lotol my friends, by such a pial le
little thing as the boy we engaged to rice tieg od

thing losing his cap when the race was ol!) bu
won

“It bappened ten years ago at Duke Them
fon's merry-go-round at Gloucester, acruss Ue
Delaware from I’hiladelpbia = | had an old shale

that I'd been saving up fora good thing foralus
while, and when IT got him so he could oly off

three quarters in .16 flat, easy, wit a lublers'@
stable-boy on him, I knew that he was cherry nye,
and was ready to cut the watermelon Wily !
let up on the old rogue the year before and timed
him out, he hadn't shown anything whatever or
months, nor contnbuted a nickel toward paying

bis feed bill. His dicky legs had been bothered
him, and he couldn't get anywhere near ihe 0

But I'd tinkered his legs into shape, and | hoew
thet there was nothing at Gloucester that cul
make him sneeze at any distance from ‘lirees
quarters w a mile when he waaright Well f
aot him right, as | say, waited for the opportunit).
and then shoved him into a six furlong spills
along with a dozen or so other horses that were
weasoned by constant running at Gloucester
Some of ‘em were pretty good, too, as Giowesivt
horses went, but I knew that my old nag con!) wia
winking, and I passed the word around quel?
among my friends that there'd be something (1's
when the horse went to the post the first time
I'd never given them any phony goods in coun
tion with the way the horses in mr string st
{f 1 was out for the money, I told ‘em: and i! |)er@
was to be nothing doing, J told them. so that when
I sent out the right word about this old sprintets
they all made the dig w get on

“I figured that my horse would be among 14
rank outsiders in the betting, 60 to 1, orsemehing
like that; but it leaked out somehow or another
that the old plug was pretty nifty, and the book
were leery of him ne best they offered was
10 to 1, and my 82,000 swamped ‘em se that most
of my friends had to take 5 to 1 or leas for the
I'd engaged a practically unknown lad to mc4
the horse in order to get a price, but the bookies
saw through that, too, and, as 1 say, there was
nothing near like the figure against him that
there should have been on his running when \@
wes last out. But when I was down wilh m?
$2,000 and stood to win 820,000, | did't have an?
kick coming. [1 looked just like sucking upa Wel-*
Fargo agent for $20,000, and I told my friends %
and they dug some more, nud when the old hors#
went to the post he was atSto land mostof 4
hooks stood to take vacations or go right out of
business for good

“The old skate was a quick breaker. and h®
hopped right out in front at the fall of the flag. 49
I knew he would. and 6taried to spread eak?
‘em. There was simply nothing toit, Roundice
the back stretch the old horse was ten lengths
to the good. and only cantering, and he increased
his lead with every Jump. Well, he may o4'*
had a little jab from the hyperdermic needle be! 1
he went to the post, but Pm not going to ray (pet

 

  

 

right out loud. Any way, he was just bus
jumping down the stretch, and my friends | (na
stand that I'd put wise to the good thing “°"
Preparing to grab meand carry meon their sho"
ders to the place where the magnums were openedy
when they all gave a gasp at once The:

the idiotic boy on the old nag had blown off e !
if that pollywog brained, mutt-beaded, no act
imbecile of a boy didn't pull the horse up, when )#
was twelve lengths to the good and winnink |
the bit, to look around for bis cap, then |i! ea'
every danged hat on these grounds and se) 'f
more hats’ The boy yanked the old skate amos!

toa walk, and, of course, the other boys caw what
a puddin'-bead he was, and came right or rhe
kid tumbled te it that he was making a misian?
only when three other horses of the bunch were?
even tering with him, and then he started ,
get the old nag a going again He did get hm
going again. but it was too late. and no use my
good thing was beaten by a tongue for thd
money. 80 that even the fellows who bad backed
him all across the hoard were jet down and ou

“I didn't kill the boy for sausage-meat, but pow

(|

1 did think, and think and, think, and