DEPEN LAUDS THE SENATE.

reveL AS HIGH TO-DAY AS
peEKORE THE W ik, ME SAYS,

 

Its

fer itor's m
Montauk Club ie Vells His Friends Aboat

Some Delightful Persons He Mas Known

nd the Job He Now Holds,
ganator Chauncey M. Depew's friends, the
tauk Ciub, gave their ninth annual dinner

Govd

s rof tis birthday last night at the elub-
hi Brooklyn Inthe course of his speech

the Senator said

‘at Washington the tremendous game of

sow national and international, draws in
. ne, All the residents, and @trangers
ting the winter at the capital, find themes
peives suddenly having @ deep interest in the
questi: ng discussed in the Senate and House
of hopresentatives ap ! engaging the attention
of the Lresident and Cabinet Cabinet Minis
assadors from foreign Governments
and their secretarios an { attachés, Senators
and Congressmen, army an Inavy officera and
accomplished under secretaries, are met every-
where. The personal kaleidoscope = is
ever changing, and there is little talk
about what people are doing Tho sub-
jecta of conversation are impersonal and
cover a wide range, Rough diamonds rubbing
agalust sympathy and understanding become
suddenly and exceptionally brilliant. A tactful
host or neighbor discovers eloquent and enjoy-
able resouress by starting a guest upon the
deeds or ideas which have given him distine-
tion. Every one reads #0 as to be up to date
with the Cabinet Minister or Ambassador 7

epatoror Congressman, and in reading an

pet of & eat questions they find an unex-
pected fell of pleasure and excitement.

“Por those Who @rea subject to mental labor,
and, ina word, for all workers, relaxation is
health formind and body. Sogial pleasures
soothe and rest the taxed brain and freshen it
forto-worrow'a duties, A man or woman who
eapnot enjoy dining or meeting in any form of
entertainment with frieuds and such strangers
sathey know about are unfortunately consti-
tuted. They are dissatistied with themselves
and disagroeable to others, Society, after all,
fe asort of trust for mutual enjoyment. Every
stockholder must contribute some'h ng to the
general pleasure, Cynical sneere or platitudl-
nous preachings have never affected it and
never will, People want to be happy, and all
forms of assoc ation and pleasant activity
which are free from immorality or bad breed-
ing are part of the good things which in various
wavs, adaptable to thoir years, smooth the
pathway of jife for childhood, youth, maturity,

id old age.
unsrh a cost of an entertainment has little to
do with social enjoyment. Luxury is very
good, if the bost ean afford it, but not neces-
sary to @ good time. I have found more
pensure ina two-doliar dinner at the Lotos
Club, when the lights of literature or the press
were brililantly scinthlating, than in any
number of teh-dolar ones. The most stup!d
an’ uputterably boreous dinner Lever suffered
through cost the giver $3daplate. I was at
Gen, Garield’s home, at Mentor, the
day after Maine went Democratic, It was
beleved all over tha country that this
presaged the General's defeat for Dresi-
dent, ‘Che fiekleness of political wor-
sii; perahada fine fllustration in his experi-
ence, From his nomination up to the day
after the election in Maine his visitors num-
bered hundreds daily, That day no one came
hut two old army comrades of the General's,
The noonday dinner was a almple country
meal of beefateak, potatovs and apple duinp-
lings; but story, pefsonal incidént and debate
were inemorabty keen and bright, The Gen-
eral himself gave a word pioture of the bat-
tie of Chickamauga which was the most real-
{atic description of an historic struggie I have
ever Seard or read. When called to catch
my.trainI found that at the General’s table
had sped three of the most enjoyable
hours of my life. I remember eltting beside
Krowntng one evening in London when hours
seemed minutes, Six hours at dinner and
the opera with Gladstone are to me an evor-
living memory of a memorable night. Lin-
coln, Grant, Seward, Chaee, Greeley, Ray-
mond have each contributed to that enrich-
nient of my life whieh I value more than any
niaterial accumulations. Kingsley, Holmea,
Yarrar, Lowell, and men and women of the
lyri¢and dramatic stage have stamped upon
biy mind recollections as realistio and fasel-
neting as the tales of the Arabian Nights in
bovhood's mamory.

“The Senate is constantly represented as the
milllonalre’s club, The persistent repetition
of this atatement has created a general im-
pression that {te membership {8 composed of
nenoflarge wealth, The reverse is the fact.
There are oloety Senators, Ten of them, ac-
cording to general belief, are worth more than
#1000000, Ten more may be able to live
upon the income of their accumulations, But
pore than three-fourths of the Senators have
‘ttle or no property and no income beyond
their. awiaries and what they can gle
fn addition by limited opportunities from
treir publie duties for the practice of
their professions, contributions to maga-
vines and other literary efforts, Many
of them gave up years ago lucrative and
raplily inereasing incomes from their profes.
tions from a profound sense of publio duty and
fondness for public Iife. They have reached
their present position and prominence by hard
work and ability to dosomething better than
thee rivals, Industry has become a habit.
There area conspicuous Instances on_ both
silea of Senators whose long services, famii-
jarity with the needs of government, exhaus-
tive labora upon public measures, fitimate
Loowledge of the subjects before the Senate,
and critical examinations of bills which get on
the calendar make them invaluable, and their
disappearance from the Senate would be a
eulamity.

“bitty letters a day to be answered is a mod-
erate correspondence, and cemmittee and Nen-
ate duties fill the day, menators,asa@ rule, are
willing and anxious to oblige officeseekers.
They Know that many men prefer the Gov-
erninent service to an other occupation,
4d others have earned recognition, if op-
bortunity offers to @ratify them, by work for

the party; but, with the elvif’ service exam-
fuat to contend with and the limited
1
‘
fb
ul

aspen

ters, Amt

inber of vacancies occurring, the difflculty
{ finding @ position is very great. There
e hundreds of applicants. for each place,
{behind each applicant a Senatorand mem-
lerof Congress, and the one who succeeds has
tinply won aprize inalottery where all the
rest draw blanks, Valuable timo is often oc-
eipied by impertous and importonate people
Who, instead of retaining an attorney, think
their Senator should drop his public duties and
brepare papers, briefs, bills, and gather teati-
mony for their claims —a labor which would oc.
Cuny a food lawyer days and weeks to ac-
compiish

, the statement has become common that
the Senate has deteriorated since the days
ct Webster, Clay and Calhoun, A careful
@ompariaon of the conditions then and now
Will damonstrate that this is not 60, The
(cogress of thelr time was leatalating for
thirty millions of people and the wants ofa
territory lying between the Atlantic Ocean
tno! the Rocky Mountains, while the welfare
© Seventy millions, the development and
Protection of a country of continental! area,
the governing of distant possessions and allen
raves, and complex international obligations
eeause of contact with the great powers, and
“need of markets for our tneressing sur-
ire the problems of to-day, The debate

 

JA

both houses. of Congress upon the
Ailppina and Porto Lican questions haa
een oon as high a plane and = shown

utabiity as any of the famous historic
iss'ons. In the days of Webster the Con-
ressional orator waa the spokesman of his
‘r'y an! furnishe! opinions both for the neo-
sandthe prpers, He beeame a popular idol,
Vadiiion always enlarge. tha proportions

dol, but now the newspapers ure so cheap

a

’

At every one reads several hey discuss and
rFmoon all public questions with fulness
Mf authority ihey give scant space to the

 

a’ 8 tongre
shed the rep

ker, no

> and they have greatly

natter how eloquent he may be.
Ntheexception of Webster's, none of the
eeohes of the idealized period of Benatortal
vt + read or can be read. The finian,

AP 2a ce TPO Frees R 28 eee oT

. i terary quality and seope of Webster
Make his efforts American classics for all

gm lhe methoda of debate have changed in
} * Senate, as oratory has in the pulpit, at the
revlon the platform. The preacher js now

f lirect and more pract eal than doctrinal,

® awyer}

Vt

jus become careless and slipshod in

: erty be plain and conversational, andthe
latch tee? enchanted our fathers is
a non the platform, Careering among the
hk kK ug out constellations and strowing
barhan With star dust are memories of the

rig amusements of @ ruder age,
| Sebate os patient and long auffering
‘Win stand anything but aloquenee, The
(Of Who has something to say and saya it
y and inctsively {8 sure of a reapectful
& even if hating in apeech and awk-
It ia the matter which is
12h preparation and the graces of
ho enitured style and fine delivery
breciaed. Tt is a most considerate body,
' ‘continuing courtesy and deler-
shes or the convenience of a Sen-
MAING © request which ta found in no
“iterative assembly. The election of

manner
4 9)

 

mort esse 24s-=>72?

Whic y the Legislatures of the Bates,
0.

ho Was

 

our G vevised by the founders

Comm 2thmeant, #0 that the sovereign
DWealths in the Union might
Pepa’! ip the upper and the people

ted directly in the lower house, eub-

Annual Birthday Dinner at the |

er wesnse

 

|

utation and power of the

  

EW YO

Brooklyn Advertisements,

MATTHEWS

 

9

a)

“APRIL 2

4

Brooklyn Advertisements.

Fach Department Has Something Each Week That
Always Makes SHOPPING PROFITABLE AND

INTERESTING to Come
Present Use.

for, Even if Not Wanted for

Catchy Prices in SPRING FABRICS.

38-INCH MOHALR MIXTURES, also Zibeline plaids and checks, regular 8ve,

@00ds, special at

A large variety of NEW SPRING PLAILDS, intended to retail at 50c., but our

price is

9c.
2%.

ALL WOOL STORM SERGES and CHEVIOTS, 38 to 42-inch, 49e.

§t-INCH SCOTCH MIXTURES, sold early in season at $1 25, and until now
epnsidered a special bargain at $8c., Monday ‘
CORDS, range of choice spring colorings, actual

46-INCH SILK AND WOOL
value $2.00

69c.
98c.

10-YARD DRESS PATTERNS, new styles American prints, a pattern, 65c.

Special line DIMITIES, latest Spring sty
REMNANTS of 36-inch Percales, 2 to 10 yards, 12!

les, Tac. a yare

ae. Quality, Be

FINE QUALITY ORGANDIES, equal in appearance to the Imported, at double 15¢

the price, special
Just received a new assort
of new Spring fabrics, at a yard

BLACK
DRESS
GOODS, »"!

Cheviot, 75c, a yard

WAISTS.

Silk Waists.

8Ve. a yard.

40 inch Cheviot, 50c¢. a

inch Steam Shrunk

 
  
  
 
  
  
  

See
Ilustrated
Cut;

One of

Hand-
somest
Waists
for the
price
ever

the new
Pastel
shades;
Front
yoke is
made of
white
taffeta,
with
fine

i
tucks and h titching; spe-
ln ne ne 9098

We will place on sale Monda
100 French Novelty Flannel Wais

morning
, of very

light weight; there are three different pat- |

terns to select from, all new, and just the
kind of Waist for present wear; our price
Monday $2.98,

Rrillfantine Waists, In special large izes,
up to 50 bust.

Specials in Cloaks and Suits,

60 Ladies’ Suits, made of al] wool cheviots,
in black, brown and navy blue. Some are
tight fitting and some are Eton with Medici
collar, faced with tucked taffeta silk. All
Jacketa taffeta lined. Skirts lined with ner-
caline; worth $20.00, $14.98.

Ladies’ Fly Front Jackets, made of all
wool cheviots and Venetians, all sizes;
price, 95,00.

Ladies’ Black Cheviot Eton Jacketa, with
Medici, collars faced with white applique;
price, $7.00,

Full lina of Suits made expressly for
small ladies.

Big assortment of Misses’ and Children’s
Reefers, Jackets and Dresses at popular
prices.

100 Silk Watsts, in all the new delicate
shades and in all sizes, made with cording
back and front and on sleeves. This
Waist. was made to sell for $5.25; our price,
$3.98.

100 Silk Waists, with clusters of cording
and hemstitching; come in all the new
shades, the style and quality is equal to any
$5.00 waist; our price, $6.25,

Leather Book Covers,
paper covered books, 48c,

Full Line of Traveling and Shopping
Bags, Telescopes and Dress Suit Cases,

Fulton Street, Gallatin Place, Livingston and

California Corset Co.'s
New Model
“Frisco”

Straight
Front.

 

The “Frisco” is Perfection, It is straight
front and low bust, and retains the other
features of our corsets, reducing abdomen 4
to 12 inches and lengthening waist 1 to 3
inches. We invite all interested to visit our

parlors and be fitted. To those who eannot |
cail we will send catalogue on application, ,

We have only our Brooklyn place and our
goods are not sold in stores. We doa large
mail orver business and solicit more.

California Corset Co.

Fulton & Hoyt ats,, Brooklyn, N.Y. Entrance Hoytat,

   

SMOKY

FIREPLACES

MADE TO DRAW OR NO CHARGE,
Evaminations and Es imates Free
References—Wm W. Astor, Jos, H. Choate, White
law Keil, and many other prominent people.
JOHN WHITLEY, “Chimney Expert,”
216 Fulton at., Brooklyn, N.Y, Tel, 1413 Main.
Tass advt, appears Sundays and Wednrwlay:.

ecta the candidate to selection by the Mem-
bers and Senators of the State Legislatures
who are themseives the survival of the fittest
in their districts. No Senator is the accident
of a State convention sitting for one day, but
muet necessarily bea prominent and popular
leader in his state to command an clection
by the Legislature. Contact with Senators
s00b reveals the special ability and character-
istics whichaccount for their importance at
home and their presence in the Senate, and the
more ita ways and work are atudied, the more
the student will be convinced that the Senate
of the United States isequal to the lofty posi-
tion and imposing ogweg which it holds in our
Government,’

38 inch Ail-Wool Etamine, |

for preserving |

ment of MERCERIZED SATINES, the most popular 29¢

50 inch Steam Shrunk Cheviot, 81,00 a
yar
| Storm Serge, 50¢., T5e, and SMe. a yard.
Broadcloth, all wool, twill back, $1,00,
$1.25 and $1.50 a yard
Our usual line of 44 inch Britliantine, from
1 3c. to $1.50 per yard

| TOILET ietary Med-
‘DEPARTMENT. kines.”

Lydia Pinkham's Compound, 6Ve.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp Root, 70e.
| Hood'asS irsaparilla, 7Oe,
| Calisava Bark, 79«,
Dr. Green's Nervura, 7830.
Warner's Safe Cure, 79e,
Fellows’ Hyt ophosphites, 98e.
Seott's Emulsion, Ge,
Pure Norwegian Cod Liver Oil, 89a.
Pure Alcohol, 12¢., 25c¢., and 3e,
1 Dr, KMilmer’s Swamp Root, 8Se.
| Gudes Pepto Mangen, 74e
Cuticura Resolvent, 40c,
Peruna, 7ie.
| Paine s Celery Compound, 72e,
| Piso Consumption Cure, 19e.
Wampol's Cod Liver Oi), 71e.
|} Caswell & Massey's Emulsion, 79e¢.
Hyomei Complete Outfit, S7¢,
Dr. Haves’ Hair Health, 30¢,

| OPTICAL Fine Gold-filled Frame

. Eye-Glasses and Spec-
GOODS. tacles, guaranteed 85c

| to wear good. ..... EL
Solid Gold Frame Fye Glasses and Speo-
| tacles, containing finest crystals, at very
low prices for first-class goods.
Our Optician will fit your eyes with care
' and attention
Very fine Silk Guarda for eye glasses, 3c.
Fine Thermometers, from 12e. up.
Eve Glasses, Spectacles, Watches and
Jewelry repaired in the best manner and at
lowest prices.

Sale of Pro-

JEWELRY An endless
DEPARTMENT. ping’ oihan

this season’s newest designs, also
brooches, link sleeve tuttons, brace.
lets, Lorgnette chains, shirt waist sets,
pulley belt buckles, etc.

Children's Sterling Silver Nethersole
Bracelets, twisted design, regular 480. qual-
ity; for this sale, 24e,. each

Extra Heavy Ladies’ Twisted Nethersole
Bracelets, $1.25 each

Sterling Silver Hat Pins, some set with
turquoise, Ive.

A large assortment of the latest Parisian
Hat Buontes and Ornaments, at 19¢. and
260, each

Gold plate and French Gray Pulley Belt
Sets, 45e,

Gold Plated Beauty Pin Sets, plain or en-
graved, 6 on card, Se.

French Gray, Gold and Silver Plated
Purse and Cha.n, faney top, 75e,

Rhinestone Side Combs, 3 and 4 in., #e,
a ord

sarge Loop Top Hair Pins, extra fine fin-
ish, be, each,

Leather necessities for traveling, shop.
ping, street and home use, Exceptional
values for standard quality,

Finger Purses, in black, tan and gra
leather, with inside frame, your initial wit
One One 9 Be,

Safety Neck Pockets, for carryin
or jewelry, at 26c, re

Metal Gate Tops, in gilt, oxidized or
oliver, Jor bags and purses, at 25c,, 48e,
and «oc,

Gate Top Bags, made of silk, with satin

| lining, @8c., $1.25 and $1,59,

Smith Sts., Brooklyn.

   

|

‘ANDERSON
| PIANO.
$250.

New Plan of
Selling Pianos
$5 a Month.

Time saving,

Worry Saving.

Greatly to your advantage.

Our new plan of selling Pianos
is all that and more.

Come to our warerooms,

Pick out a new upright.

Pay us $5 a month.

If at the end of six months you
like the Piano and decide to buy
it you can do so.

We will allow from the price
| all rent that has been paid.

HAROMAN
PIANOS, $3650.
ANDERSON
PIANOS, $250.

Dealers without brains to originate—
Like the senseless rnonkey—imitate.

Anderson & 0

(70 FULTON STREPT,
ton Place "OC" Station,
BROOKLYN,

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
   
  
    

 
     
      

  

 

 

In the Heart of the City.
The New Wess 24d Street Stution of the Pennsyiva-

Convenient to al! Botels.-Ade.

Cree htreresinnten meri emenememennnnmnaamens

nia Railroad

Che

a a ene Sr

         

  

   

Brooklyn Advertisements.

PAALDAARLANOAN

 

Cold Air Storage.

Just to be perfect in store service.

 

1900.—COPYRIGHT. 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING

reece pean a

ABRAHA

na.

AN

 

Brooklyn Advertisements.

|

AM“

OOF LY IN.
A Perfect System and a Price Saving.

That is why the system of cold air storage has been added to our customary facilities

—— Se SSS

D PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

Brooklun Advertisements, | .

RAUS

for the safeguarding of fur and cloth garments and textiles during the summer months, .
For more than thirty years we have cared each.summer for the furs and valuable textiles of our patrons; in fact, this was
Many millions of dollars’ worth of furs and other valuable

the first great store in America to provide such accommodation. | furs and
goods have been left in our care during that long period, and we have yet to record the first case of dissatisfaction.

The cold air system is the latest device, and as it is a good one we have made ita su
method of caretaking. The building we have selected is conceded to be the most perfect 0 nd
The most valuable articles can be stored in it with absolute safety and back of this surety is the “A. and S.

burglar proof.
guarantee.

P

     
  
 

Ses Se

       

 

  

Brooklyn Advertisements.

—»

plement of our present excellent
its kind in the world; fire and

Now, as ever, prices are the lowest anywhere—two per cent. on your own valuation for the usual method; three per cent.

for cold storage.

9 @ e
Women’s Low Priced Tailored
e
Suits.
Three lots at three prices, each price a bargain, will join here to-
morrow in the choicest offering of the season of ta:lored Suits for women,

There is half to be saved on some, less than that on others, but all are
here at prices that mean quick departure, for every newest touch of Fash-

ion’s favoring is in them.

The first lot is composed of black and blue cheviots ; coat, Eton effect, lined and taced
with black taffeta and with silk revers finished with eighteen rows of stitching, open or
closed effect; skirt in the new cut, gored and pleated at the bottom, and percaline lined. .$14.95

Gowns, Excellent quality muslin Gowns,
V neck, with four insertions of choice em-
broidery and clusters of tucks in yoke,

| cambric ruffle on neck and sleeves... .89¢

Cambric Gowns, Empire, prettily trim-
med with insertions and ruffle of cotton
Torchon lace and ribbon; others, muslin,
V neck, trimmed with embroidery, .. .79¢

| Cambric Gowns, V_ neck, with six in-
Sertions of choice embroidery and cluster
of tucks in voke; others with two wide
Insertions and ruffles of embroidery ; also
| apretty Empire Gown, hemstitched effect,
| 97

Cambric Gowns, Empire, with two in-
Sertions of fine embroidery and cluster of
tucks across front, and four insertions and
tucks at side, with ruffle of fine em-
broider
on neh

around yoke, embroidered ruffle
$1.23

Camb ic Gowns, Empire, with insertion
of Maltese lace and embroidery, and re-
vers with insertion and rutile of Maltese
lace; others trimmed with hemstitchin
and Point de Paris laces.......... $1.5!

Nainsook Chemise Gowns, low, round
neck, with insertion and ruffle of fine Val
lace, with full rutfle of lace over shoulder,
Short sleeve, trimmed with lace... .$2.25

Nainsook Gown, prettily trimmed with
insertions of fine lace and embroidery,
also ribbon run beading, and full ruffle of
lace; also Chemise Gowns, Empire
trimmed, with Point de Paris lace... . $2.69

Corset Covers. Good quality muslin
Corset Covers, high neck, felled seams,
pearl buttons, perfect fitting

and sleeves, .

Corset Covers, V necks, trimmed front
and back with embroidery,........ .28¢

Round neck Corset Covers, embroidery
and ribbon trimmed, draw string at
UR iiini eis 655 bro 0% 004. 0000955).0

Corset Covers, V neck, trimmed with
hemstitched tucks and embroidery, , , .48¢

Styles of any sort.

The Silk Ones. Special mention for three
good styles made of taffeta silk ina variety
of colors, Some have pleats back and
front and on the shoulders, some are
tucked all over and others are corded all
over, The regular value of these Waists
is $7.50; the price here is.......... $5.45

The Flannel Ones. These are made of
imported plaid flannel in a wide variety
of colors, They are full in front, havea
French back and a collar of the material.
No daintier Waists were ever sold for the
i Oe rer rere rere

| The Cotton Ones. 1,500 Shirt Waists,

made of the best grades of percale, in nine
| different patterns, including the “Stand-
ard” and the “Faultless’” makes; value
$1.00 and $1.25,at.......... 49c. and §9c

 

 

|

 

\

Nainsook Corset Covers, low round
neck, with iasertion and edge of Torchon
lace, and trimmed with ribbon run bead-
ing, tinished off at waist . 5%

Lawn Corset Covers, low round neck,
with three insertions and edge of Point de
Paris lace back and front, tinished off
at waist with embroidery, beading and
ribbon, .. Vic

Walking Skirts. Muslin Walking Skirts,
with three insertions and edge of cotton
Torchon lace, others with full umbreila
ruffle trimmed with embroidery, also dust
ruffle , PR ISRLT SP ELEKS 7c

Walking Skirts, full umbrella ruffle,
trimmed with fine embroidery, others with
lawn ruffle, with tive insertions and edge
of lace, also dust ruffle . $1.69

Cambric Skirts, tucked lawn, umbrella
ruttle, with deep rutile of fine embroidery,
also dust ruffle, others with two wide in-
sertions and deep ruffle of Torchon lace,
also dust rutile... .......... 00000.  G198

Cambric Skirts, lawn flounce with two
insertions of lace, also full ruffle with in-
sertion and deep edge of lace, also dust
FIT. xeccus Cues aise penis cee

Under Skirts—Good quality muslin Under
Skirts, with cambric ruffle and tucks
above a

Muslin Under Skirts, with ruffle of em-
broidery and tucks above........, 48c
Cambric Under Skirts, with lawn um-
brella hemstitched ruffle,...........09¢

Drawers— Excellent quality muslin Draw-
ers, with hem and cluster of tucks... .19¢
Muslin Drawers, with ruffle of fine em-
broidery and tucks above

Cambric Drawers, tucked lawn um-
brella ruffle, trimmed with Torchon lace,
§9¢

Chemise— Masonville muslin Chemise, with
corded band and pearl buttons, . 2%
Lawn Chemise, round neck, with two
wide insertions and edge of Maltese lace,
and ribbon run beading, ribbon and em-
broidery, beading at waist, tucked rutile
at bottom, trimried with lace $1.98

Second floor

Dainty Shirt Waist Excellence.

Dainty, fresh and smart, the Shirt Waists crowd to the showing.
There is style in every one and yet the variety seems unlimited.
there are two alike—it doesn’t seem so.

Mid-season at the beginning of need time will make them hurry away
to-morrow. Of silk, of flannel, of cotton; no sorts are missing, no good

Perhaps

1,000 Shirt Waists, made with fine em-
broidery insertions between clusters of
tucks; hemstitched front, dress sleeves
and laundered collar................91¢

1,200 Shirt Waists of corded madras,col-
ored pink and blue and oxblood; full
fronts, dress sleeves and stock collars, 97¢

300 Shirt Waists of fine madras; made in
surplice effect, with white tucked vest and
COURT: 60s LAUDE AREETE RE TSACIERGS $1.25

Special values in colored and white lawn

Walsts, made by the most prominent
manufacturers, ..., . $1.25, $1.48 and $1.75

Second floor.

Sale of Fine Foulard Silks.

| Prices Unequaled Anywhere This Season.

Ten thousand yards of fine printed Foulard Silks will make the Silk
| Store a point of chief interest to-morrow.
| prominent manufacturer, the finest quality he makes.

This is the entire stock of a
Every piece has

the rich, bright satin luster which characterizes the best grades of Foulards

choicest of the season’s production.

and only the best grades. The designs are all new this season and the
The colors are the wanted ones and

the shades are practically without number.
Foulards will hold full sway in the Silk Store to-morrow and, though
s small enough to make even 10,000 |

the quantity is a large one, the
yards insufficient at.....+.....

 

It Had Spent Almost Three Yoars in Captivity
in a Tank at the Battery.

The Aquartum’s 8-foot sturgeon died on Fri-

| day after a captivity of two yeara and eleven
months. It was captured in the lower Dela-

| ware River, and for six mouths after ite
‘arrival ate practically nothing. After that
| there were other long spells during which the
big sturgeon wholly or partly abstained from

' food,
The aturgeon's pool is 28 feet in
length by about 12 in width with a depth

of water of about 4 feet, Probabiy no fish
in captivity ever had amplor quarters, certainly
none ever had

fangth of the fish itsel!, So that asa matter of
fact the sturgeon survived for a much longer
| time than it was expected to do,

The sturgeon was not welghed when ra-
veived, but its weight was estimated at 250
pounds and its length at 8 fect. Its actual
weight as determined on hour after death,
after a period of five months of practical ab-
stention from food, wag 195 pounds and its
actual length was feet 11 — inches,
Yesterday the body was sent to the Museum
of Natnra! Higtory, where it will be mounted
for exhibitipt,

price i
PV EFEERENT FEELS etieaiinel 55c. a yard

AQUARIUM'S BIG STURGEON DEAD. |

better care; and yet this big
| pool was only about three and a half times the |

 

 

Main floor, New Building

A CHEAP TELEPHONE SYSTEM,

|
The Top Wire of a Barbed Fence Used as the
Transmitting Mediam in Indiana,

A unique telephone line, fourteen miles in |
length, is now in use between the towns of |
Anderson, Pendleton and Ingalls, Ind. It isin
dally operation and gives a service which {s

 

A telephone call or a postal will have the promptest response.

Special Values in Home Furnishings

Carpets and Furniture. —
This store is a wonvertully satisfactory plaice in which to ramble—to

|
|
|
|

 

 

choose—to buy.
Carpetings, the Furniture.

Especially is this so among the Summer furnishings, the
There is wondrous variety of choice, novelty,

on every side; good taste everywhere; in every yard of Carpet or

Matting, in every piece of Furniture

Back of all and governing all are the low prices.
Furniture and Carpetings, specially for the Summer

is unique, unrivalled

needs, are ready for to-morrow’s choosing.

selves of their matchless values :
The Furniture.

Brass Bed, bow foot, extra heavy 1 1-2
inch post, 3-4 and $-S inch filling, with
heavy T ball mounts throughout, height
of headbowrd 66 inches, footboard 45
inches, handsome'y tinished, all sizes, made
to sell for $45.00; Our prices ...... $33.00

Brass Beds, 1 inch, 11-2 and 2-inch
post, made to sell for $18.00, $206.00,
$38.00, $53.00, $70.00; our price

$12. 00, $18.00, $29.00, $38.00, $49.00

Oak Bedroom Set; highly polished, 3
pieces, full size bed, with neatly carved
headboard, bureau with French plate bevel
mirror, base with 2 quartered oak swell top
drawers, and 2 large drawers, large wash-
stand, all trimmed with cast brass handles,
made to sell for $35.00; our price, $25.00

Ash oak finish Bedroom Suit, 3 pieces,
with 3 1t.6, 4 ft.and 4 ft. 6 bed, bureau
with bevel mirror, washstand with splash
back, made to sell for $18.00; our
BIE is ccigcsaseaccesess ceyies see

3 ft. White Enamel Iron Bed, with
woven wire spring, short hair mattress
and featherpillow, complete.,.... $7.80

Oak Sideboard, top with 32x18 inches
French bevel plate mirror, base 48x24
inches, 2 swell top drawers, 1 lined,
large table cloth drawer and 2 cupboards,

$19.00

Oak China Closet, 48 inches in width
and 66 inches in height, twist column on
front, 4 grooved movable shelves, , $23.50

Parlor Furniture, in mahogany and
mahogany finish, 3 and § pieces, inlaid
and carved, and all upholstered, covered
in assorted colorings of satin damask and
tapestry, made to sell for $40.00, $50.00,
$65.00, $85,00, $90.00, $110.00, $125.00,
$160.00; our price $28.00, $35.00, $45.00,
$55.09, $60.00, $75.00, $89.00, $100.00.

Divan, Sofa and Reception Chairs,
made to sell for $12.00, $20.00, $25.00,
$30.00, $45.00, $60.00; our price $6,00,
$10.00, $12.50, $15.00, $24.09, $30.00.

Quartered oak front Wardrobe, 88
inches in height, 45 inches wide and 18
inches deep, base has two drawers, made
to sell for $26,00; our price $18.50

Reed and Rattan Rockers, made to sell
for $3.75, $5.00. $8.00, $10.00, $11.00;
our price $2.50, $3.50, $6.00, $7.75, $8.50.

Large assortment of Piazza Chairs and
Rockers in green, maple and red splint
and reed seats.

High back Rocker with reed seat and back,
heavy frame, in maple, green and red, $2.75

Sewing Rockers in red, maple and green,65¢
Garden Settee in light red and green, . .69¢

Woven wire Spring with reinforced cable
attachment, all sizes.............,. $1285

Metal oriron Spring, with woven wire,
BU SES, vy ceseaccsizerenss vee $245

 

| Summer and Cottage Rugs.

Here, too, the store
Let them speak for thems

French Mattress, made of superiorextra
white drawing lamb wool, top and bote
tom, made up tull size, 40 Ibs,, in the A.
C. A. ticking, regularly $40.00, our
price... £65491 RRS ANTS
Extra quality of mixed hair, made up
in A.C, A. ticking, 40 Ibs,, full size, regue
larly $15.00: our prices .......... $1100

Black drawing horse hair Mattress, 40
Ibs., full size, made up in A. C, A. ticking,

regularly $28.00, our price....... $21.50
Fourth floor,

The Carpets.

2,000 yards of the celebrated
Lowell and Hartford Body Brus-
sels Carpets, i 18 handsome new
Spring designs, have just arrived
from the mills You will like to
see them; there is nothing more
beautiful in these weaves, Regu-
larly they should be priced at
$1.35 and $4.50 a yard, actually
they will be priced here to-more
rowat. .. 85c. and 98c. a yard

No more of them at the same

price when these are gone, so in
early choosing there 1s Oppors-
tunity,
The best
of all wool Ingrain Art Squares, Japanese
jute and cotton Rugs and John Bromley
& Sons’ Rangpur jute Smyrna Rugs will
make the Rug Store a worthy place to
visit to-morrow, for they are priced ree
markably low, Every Rug is in new dee
sign and color combination and they are
just the sort to harmonize with Mattings,
or, infact, with any Summer furniture.

All wool Ingrain Japanese Cotton

Art Squares: Rugs:
3x2 yds... . $3.00 18x36in,..., 15
3x24 yds... $4.50 26x54 in,... $1.68
3x3 yds... $5.40 30x60 in... .. $2.10
3x34, yds... $6.30 36x72 in...., $2.98
3x4 yds... $7.20 4x7ft,.......$4.68
3x4ty yds $8.10 6x9 ft....... $8.85
3x5 yds... $9.00 7.6x10,6 ft... $1318

Qx12 ft $175

Japanese Jute Rangpur Smyrna

Rugs: Rugs:
ORT Bincvias $2.15 30x60in,,.,. $15
Ox9tt......, $418 36x72 in... .. $1.75
7,0x10.6 ft... $6.25 O6x9ft...... $5.10
Oxt2ft....... $8.25 7.0x10.6 ft, ..$7.65
10x14 ft... .. $11.25 9x12 ft $10.25
Straw Mattings. S00 40-yd. rolls of straw

Mattings in all the latest novelties of dee
sign and color, Fresh and pertect every

one,
Fancy seamless China Matting, worth
OP ARO ccd acess tes veces ss $528
Heavy, fancy, seamless China ati
WOHD BE 80s Ble cisaccscccgacceves $6.23

seamless
. $7.50
Japanese

Fine, fancy, extra quality,
China Matting, worth $10.50, at
Fancy seamless cotton warp
Matting, worth $9.00, at........
Faney seamless cotton warp Japanese
Matting, worth $9.50, at $7.25
Fancy seamless cotton warp Japanese

g $7.75

Matting, worth $10.50, at...... .
Fancy seamless cotton warp Japanese
Matting, worth $12.50, at. . .. $8.28

Third floor,

Second Week of the Matchless
Sale of Muslin Underwear.

Dainty and pretty as good workmanship can fashion fine materials; low

priced—far below what such garments bring elsewhere.

These are reasons

why this sale offers rare opportunity to lay in the Summer’s supply of

wanted pretty things

There is the widest variety to choose from, the

certainty that everything is generously made and rightly made and the

temptation of the prices,
where else:

Concededly no such vaiues are to be found any-

The second lot contains 86 Suits of different materials and ina variety of styles such
as Etons, fly front, double-breasted and tight-fitting coats; skirts in the newest cuts,
Sizes are 34, 36, 38 and 40, and the Suits reg-
ularly would be priced from $30.00 to $40.00, To-morrow the price here for them

Coats and skirts are silk lined throughout.

will be.,

20.98

In the third lot ar# Suits cut after anew model, the coat without lapels and witha
turn-down collar; an Eton etlect, trimmed with tatteta silk all around and stitched several

times.
pleat and folds at each gore.

It can be worn open or closed.

Spuns and every Suit is silk lined throughout. Sizes 32 to 42, at

  

The Scientific American Supplement says ita
correspondent has used the fence line to con-
verse with a friend el@ht miles away with per-
fect suecess, The cost is very low, as there ts
no expense for copper wire, and poles are
needed only at the crossings, It ia said that
the farmers of that region are organizing com-

| panies to place themaselves in telephonic com-

munication throughout the whole district.

 

said tocompare well with that of the regular | William Gerard, Jr., Marries Mrs. May Tyson.

companies. The line employs as a conductor |
such a common everyday commodity as the |
top wire of a Larbed wire fence. Lts continuity |
is ussured by apeeial devices at highway and
railroad crossings, and the man who conceived
the idea and owns the line, Mr. C. Ally, says it
is the only one of its kind in existence,

The success of this novel telephone line is ,
said to be Jargely duc to its perfect insulation. |
The top strand of the fence wire is invariably
used and is treated to a generous coat of rub-
berraint, To carry the line across a road the
cireuit is either placed beneath an inverted
trough, covered by road material, or is carried |
overhead by means of two poles, one on either |
aide of the crossing. Telephoning can be per- |

formed atany point along the line by simply
attaching a portable tranemitier and receiver.

| prised when they heard of the ceremony,

William Gerard, Jr, said to be the son of
William Gerard, former proprietor of the
Gerard apartment house in West lorty-fourth
atreet, was marrie! on Wednesday night last
atthe Church of the Transfguration to Mra.
May Tyson, The friends of the pair wero sur-
Mra,
Vyson has apartments etthe Darker in West
Thirty-nioth street, which she has oeeunled
forthe pustyearnantabalf She issaidto bea
Philadelphia woman, Mra. Tyson had only
one atten tant atthe ceremony, ant that was
Kel!o Stuart, the actress, whois the wife of an
actor named Fields of tha variety team of Ward
and Fields, It ts said that when Mesa. Tyson

| reached the church, she baiked atthe idea of a |

marriage, but was finally persualed to go
ahead by the bridemall and the prospective
groom. Afterthe ceremony there was a wed-
ding teast at the Parker,

|
}
|
\
|
|

|
|

The skirt is the new cut, with double inverted
The materials are handsome serges and camel's hair homee

$21.50

Second floor, front.

   

ALLOWANCES TO OFFICERS IN CUBA,

No Army OMcers Are Recelving Salaries ta
Addition to Their Pay,

Wasuinotros, April 21. The Secretary of
War will transmit to Congress in a tewdaya a
coniplete statementin regard to the charges
thatarmy oMe rs in Cuba are receiving etvil
salaries in addition to their military pay Thies
statement will showthat arniy officers are not

receiving additional salaries, bur that ‘our
officers suing iigportantessil posh ione are cee
ceiving allowances to Vert Decve-sary exe
penses. The order making ‘heavy uilow.
ances Was promulgated {by pecretary
Alger over a year ne and alter
decision by the Attorney-General of the Unite
States that the action woul! be legal. Meure-

tary Kootexplainet to-day that the allowance
did not @xeved $16,000.) The offleers comin

underthe order are the Governor Cleneral o
Cuba, the Governor General of Havana, the
Colleetorof Customs of Cuba and the Treas.
urer of the isian’,

The order was cated March |, 14), and pro-
vided for the allowanes of $7,500 for the ve
ernor General of Cuba, $5,000 for the Governor
of Hayana and 81,800 forthe Collector of Qua-
toms. It was not antila month later that the
order was amended #o as to permitan
ance tothe Treasures of the sland,

a