eee

Seat

a es

a eee

a

225

I

— sen

 

ES ee ee

 

  

SOME NEW BOOKS.

  

R. L. Stevenson in California.

It is strange that the many American re-
viewers of The Letters of Robert Louie Steven-
son (Boribners) bave paid so little attention
to that part of the correspondence which re-
counte the euthor’s experiences in California
Btevenson viaited more than once the Pacific
coast of the United States, but werefer to
the period from July, 1879, to July, 1880, when
being 29 years of age, he tried to make a liv-
ing there. How hard he tried and how com-
pletely he failed are certainly striking inct-
dents in an interesting career, How did
it happen that a man of Stevenson's literary
abflities not only failed to make a comfortable
Uvelihood by writing for newspapers, but
almost starved to death? We do not assert
that a satisfactory answer to this inquiry is
given in his correspondence belonging to the
period, but unquestionably we must look
for an answer there if any where

Before glancing at the letters pertaining
to this epoch in Stevenson's life we should
note that it was not in California, but in France,
that the prospective novelist had met the
American lady, Mrs. Osbourne, who was after-
ward to become his wife. Almost from their
first meeting, which ocourred soon after the
e@anoce voyage of 1876, Stevenson hud conceived
for ber a devotion which never swerved nor
faltered. Her domestic circumstances had
pot been fortunate, and on her return to Ameri-
oa with her children in the autumn of 1878
she determined to seek a divorce from her
husband. Hearing of her Intention, together
with wery disquieting news of her health,
Btevenson suddenly started for California
at the beginning of August, 1870. He asked
for no pecuniary supplies from home, but
risking his whole future on the issue resolved
to test during this adventure his power of
supporting himself and eventually others
by hia own labors in literature. In order, from
the outset, to save as much as possible he
made the journey {n the steerage and the emi-
granttrain. Withthis prime motive of econ-
omy was combined a second, that, namely,
of learning for himself the pinch of life as it
fe felt by the unprivileged and the poor;
and there was, also, a third motive, to wit,
that of turning his experiences to literary ac-
@ount On board ship he took daily notes
with thisintent and wrote, moreover, “The
Btory of a Lie,” for an English magazine. Ar-
rived at his destination he found his health
badly shaken by the hardships of the journey;
tried his favorite open-air cure for three weeks
at an Angora goat ranch, some twenty miles
from Monterey, and then lived from Septem-
ber to December in the old California coast
town just named under the conditions set
forth in his letters and under a combined
etrain of personal anxiety and literary effort.

From the notes taken on board ship and in
the emigrant train, he drafted an account of
his journey, intending ty make a volume match-
ing in form, though in contents very unlike,
the earlier “Inland Vovage” and “Travels
With a Donkey.” flere he wrote, moreover,
the essays on Thoreau and the Japanese re-
former Yoshida Torajiro, afterward pub-
Mshed tn “Familiar Studies of Men and Books,”
one of the most vivid of his shorter tales, "The
Pavilion on the Links,” as well as a great
part of another and longer story drawn from
his new experiences andcalled “A Vendetta {n
the West.” The last-named venture, however,
did not satisfy him, and was never finished
He planned at the same time the tale in the
spirit of romantic comedy which took final
shape four years later as “Prince Otto.” Toward
the end of December, 1879, Stevenson
moved to San Francisco, where he lived for
three months in) a workman's lodging.
leading a life of frugality amounting to self-
imposed penury, and working always with
the same intensity of application until his
health utterly broke down. (ne of the causes
which contributed to his illness was the fatigue
he underwent in helping to watch beside the
@ickbed of a child, the son of his landlady.
During March and part of April, 1880, he lay
at death's door—his first really dangerous
Biokness since childhood-and was slowly
tended back to life by the Joint ministra-
tions of his future wife and the physician to
whom he addressed a letter of thanks which
is printed in this collection of his correapond-
ence. His marriage ensued in 1880; immedi-
ately afterward, to consolidate his recovery,
he removed to a deserted mining camp in the
California Coast Range; the aspecta and humor
of his life there are recorded in “The Silverado
Bquatters.” The news of his dangerous {ll-
ness and approaching marriage had, in the
meantime, miocked the parental heart and
puree, supplies were sent from Edinburgh in-
suring his present comfort, with the promise of
their continuance for the future, and of a cor-
Gal welcome for the new daughter-in-law
{n his father's house.

i I.

! The first letter sent from California Is ad-
@ressed to Bydney Colvin, and was penned at
*Coast Line Mountains, California,” in Septem-
ber, 1870: “Hereis another curious start in life
TI am living at an Angora goat ranch in the
Coast Line Mountains, eighteen miles from
Monterey. I was camping out, but got
go sick that the two rancheros took mein and
tended me. (ne is an old bear hunter, 72
years old, and a Captain from the Mexican
War. The other, a pilgrim, and one who
was out with the bear flag, and under Fremont
when California was taken by the States. They
are both true frontiersmen and most kind
and pleasant. (apt. Smith, the bear hunter, is
my physician, and [ obey him like an oracle "
To the same correspondent, he writes on Oct
91, in the same year “I am now all alone
fn Monterey, a real {nhabitant, with a box
of my own atthe P.. I have splendid rooms
at the doctor's, where | get coffee in the morn-
{ng (the dootor fa French), and I mesa with
enother jolly old Frenchman, the stranded
Afty-eight-year-old wreck of a good-hearted,
disaipated, and once wealthy Nantes trades-
man. My health goes on better; as for work,
the draft of my book was laid aside at page
@8 or #80, and I have now, by way of
chang6, more than seventy pages of a novel,
@ one-volume novel, alas! to be called either
"A Chapter in the Experience of Arizona
Breckonridgs.” or “A Vendetta in the West,”
er a combination of the two. The scene, from
chapter 4 to the end, lies in Monterey and
the adjacent country; of course, with my usual
luck, the plot of the story is somewhat scandal-
ous, containing an illegitimate father for piece
ef resistance.”

In the same month and year, Stevenson
writes from the same town toW. E Henley
"This is a lovely place which I am growing
to love, The Pacitic licks all other oceans out
of band; there is no place but the Pucifie coast
to hear eternal roaring surf. When Iget to
the top of the woods behind Monterey, I can
hear the seas breaking all round over ten or
twalve miles of coast from near Carmel on my
left out to Point Pinas in front and away to

the right along the sands of Monterey to Cas- |

troville and the mouth of the Salinas
wisting yesterday that the world could get

no, what I mean was that you should be kept in
suspense like Mohammed's coffin until the world
had made hall a revolution. Then dropped
bere at the station as though vou had stepped
from the cars. You would then comfortably
enter Walter's wagon that shall deposit you
at Banchez's saloon, where we take a drink.
you are introduced to Bronson, the local editor
(‘T have no brain music,’ he says, 1 am a me-
ghanio, you see,’ bit hes a nice fellow): to
Adolpho Sanchez, who is delightful. Mean-
while I go to the P. ©. for my mail; thence
we walk up Alvarado street together, you now
floundering in the sand, now merrily stump-
ing on the wooden sidewalk. | call at Hadsell's
for my paper; at length behold us installed
in Simoneau's little whitewashed back room
eround a dirty table cloth, with Francois, the
waiter, perhaps an Italian fisherman and Si-
moneai himself, Simoneau, Francois and I
are the three eure cards, the others mere wails
Then home to my great airy rooms, with five
windows opening on a balcony, I sleep on the
fleor in my camp bianket, vou install yourself
in bed; in the morning, coffee with the doctor
and his little wife; we hire a wagon and make

I was}
| dislike

a day of it; and, by night, I should let you up
again into the air,to be returned to Mra. Hen-
ley in the forenoon following. By God, you
would enjoy yourself, So should J, I have

| tales enough to keep you going till 5 in the morn-

|

|

|

 

|
|
|
|
|

eer

ing, and then they would not be at an end.”
A little later, on Nov. 16, 1879, Stevenson writes
to Edmund Gosse; “I will send you herewith
a@ Monterey paper where the works of R. L. 8.
appear; not only that, but all my life, on study-
ing the advertisements, will become clear, |
lodge with Dr. Heintz; take my meals with Si-
monoau; have been only two days shaved by
the tonsorial artist Michaels; drink daily at the
Bohernia saloon; get my dally paper from Had-
sell’s, was stood a drink to-day by Albano Rod-
riguez; in short, there is scarce a person ad-
vertised in that paper but [| know him, and
I may add, scarce a person in Monterey but is
there advertised. The paper is the marrow
of the place."

i.

Even the narrowest kind of a livelihood seems
to have been unattainable by Stevenson in
Monterey, and in the course of December he
moved to San Francisco, apparently in the hope
of earning money by writing for the newspapers
in that city. His hope was not fulfilled. On
Dec. 26, 1879, he writes from San Francisco to
Sidney Colvin: “I am now writing to youina
cafe waiting for some music to begin. For
four days I have spoken to no one but to my
landlady or to my landlord, or to restaurant
waiters. This is not a gay way to pass Christ-
mas, ia it? And I must own the guts are a lit-
tle knocked out of me. If 1 could work I could
worry through better. But I have no style at
command for the moment; with the second
part of the ‘Emigrant,’ the last of the novel,
the essay on Thoreau and God knows all waiting
for me. But | trust something can be done
with the first part (of the “Emigrant”) or, by
God! I'll starve here.” A fortnight later things
were no better, for, on Jan. 10, he tells the same
correspondent: “Any time between 8 and half-
past 9 in the morning, a slender gentleman in
an ulster with a voliime buttoned into the breast
of it may be observed leaving No. 608 Bush
street, San Francisco, and descending Powell
street with an active atep. The gentleman is
R. L. S.; the volume relates to Benjamin Frank-
lin, on whom he meditates one of his charming
eseays. He descends Powell, crosses Market,
and descends in Sixth street on a branch of the
original Pine Street Coffee House, no less.
I belleve he would be capable of going to the
original itaelf, if he could only find it. In the
branch he seate himself at a table covered with
waxcloth, and a pampered menial of High
Dutch extraction, and, indeed, as yet only par-
tially extracted, lays before him a cup of coffee,
arolland a pat of butter, all, to quote the Deity,
very good. Awhile ago R. 1. S. used to find
the supply of butter insufficient; but he has now
learned the art to exactitude,and butter and roll
expire atthesame moment. For this refection
he pays ten centa,or five pence sterling ” Steven-
son goes on to ralate that “half an hour later
inhabitants of Bush street observe the same
slender gentleman, arined, like George Wash-
ington,with his little hatchet, splitting kindling
wood and breaking coal for his fire. He does
this quasi-publicly upon the window aill, but
thia is not to be attributed to any love of noto-
riety though he is, indeed, vain of his proweas
with the hatchet (which he persists in calling
an axe) and daily surprised at the perpetuation
of his fingers. The reason is this: that the sill
is a strong supporting beam, and that blows of
the same emphasis in other parts of his room

might knock the entire shanty into hell
Thenceforth, for from three to four hours,
he ia engaged darkly with an ink bottle Yet

he is not blacking his boots, for the only pair
that he possesses are innocent of lustre, and
wear the natural hue of the material turned up
with caked and venerable slush. The youngest
child of his landlady remarks several times a
day, as this etrange occupant enters or quits
the house, ‘Dere’s de author!’ Can it be that
this bright-haired innocent has found the true
clue to the mystery? The being in question
is at least poor enough to belong to that | onor-
able craft.”

Stevenson recounts that his next appearance
in the course of the day is “at the restaurant
of one Donadieu in Bush street, between
Dupont and Kearney, where a coptous meal,
half a bottle of wine, coffee and brandy may
be procured for the sum of four bits, alias 50
cents. The wine is put down in a whole bottle
ful, and it is strange and painful to observe the
greed with which the gentleman in question
seeks to secure the last drop of his allotted
half, and the serupulousness with which he
seeks to avoid taking the first drop of the other
This is partly explained by the fact that, if he
were to go over the mark, bang! would goa
tenpence. He is again armed with a book,
but his best friends wil! learn with pain that he
seems at this hour to have deserted the more
seriows studies of the morning. When last
observed, he was studying with apparent zest
the exploits of one Rocambole, by the late
Vicomte Ponson du Terrail. This work, origi-
nally of prodigious dimensions,he had cut into
thicknesses, apparently for convenience of
carrying. Thon the being walks--where is not
certain. But, by about half past four, a light
beams from the windows of 608 Bush, and he
may be observed sometimes engaged in cor-
respondence, sometimes once again plunged
in the mysterious rites of the forenoon. About
six he returns to the Branch Onginal, where he
once more imbrues himself to the worth of
fivepence in coffee and rolls. The evening is
devotedto writing and reading, and, by 11 or
half-past darkness closes over this weird and
truculent existence.” Stevenson points out
that, ‘as for coin, you see IT don't spend much
only vou and Henley both seem to think my
work rather bosh nowadays, and I do want to
make as much as T was making--that is, £200
a vear, if] cando that. 1 can swim: last vear,
with my ill-health, T touched only 2100; that
would not do. 1 could not fight it through on
that; but, on £200, as I say, I am good for the
world, and can even, in this quiet way, save a
Nttle, and that I must do. The worst is my
health. It issuspected I had an ague chill yester-
day; I shall know by to-morrow, and you know
if I am to be laid down with ague, the game is
pretty well lost. But I don't know; I managed
to write a good deal down in Monterey when
I was pretty sickly most of the time, and, by
God'Tiltry,agueandall. * * * Tamafraid
I bore you sadly with this perpetual talk about
my affairs. I will try and stow it; but vou see,
it touches me nearly IT am the miser in
earnest now Last night, when I felt so ill,
the supposed ague chill, it seemed strange not
to be able to afford a drink. I would have
walked half « mile, tired as T felt, for a brandy
and soda.” Sixteen days later Stevenson tells
another friend, Charles Baxter. “I have had
to drop from a fifty-cent to a twenty-five cent
dinner, to-day begins my fall. That brings
down my outlay in food and drink to forty-
five cents per diem. How are the mighty
fallen! luckily, this {s such a cheap place for
food, I used to pay as much as that for my firat
breakfast in theSaville,in the grand old palmy
daysof yore. Lregret nothing, and do not even
these straits, though the flesh will
rebel on occasions.”

In March, 1880, Stevenson was prostrated
with a dangerous illness. On April 16 he
writes to Edmund Gosse: “You have not
answered my last, and I know you will repent
when you hear how near I have been to another
world. For about six weeks, I have been in
utter doubt; it was a toss-up for life or desth
all that time, but I won the toss, sir, and hades
went off once more discomfited. This is
not the first time. nor will it be the last, that
I have a friendly game with that gentleman
I know he will end by cleaning me out: but
the rogue isinsidious andthe habit of that sort
of gambling seems to be a part of my nature
it was, [f suspect too much indulged in youth
It ia, when once formed, a habit more fatal
than opium IT speak, as St. Paul savs, like
a fool. T have been very, very sick: on the
verge of a galloping consumption, cold sweats,
prostrating attacks of cough. sinking fits in
which I lost the power of speech, fever and
all the ugliest circumstances of the disease,
and 1 have cause to bless Giod and my wife
that is to be. and one Dr. Bamford (a name
the Muse repels) that 1 have come out of all

  

this and got my feet once more upon a little
hilltop, with a fair prospect of life and some
new desire of living.
die neither; only 1 felt unable to go on further
with that rough horseplay of buman life, a
man must be pretty well to take the business
in good part. Yet I felt all the time that I
was doing nothing to entitle me tu an honorable
discharge; that I had taken up many obliga-
tions and begun many friendships which I
had no right to put away from me, and that,
for me to die was to play the cur and alinking
sybarite, and to desert the colors on the eve
of the decisive fight.”

In the «pring of 1880, Stevenson's unfortu-
nate situation was made known to his family
in Edinburgh, and he was informed by tele
@raph that he might henceforth count on £250
Q@nnually. He alludes to this change in his
position in a letter to Bidney Colvin in April:
“You may imagine what a blessed business
this was. And so now recover the sheets of
the ‘Emigrant,’ and post them registered to
me. God only knows how much courage apd
suffering is buried in that manuscript. The
second part was written in a circle of hell un-
known to Dante, that of the penniless and
dying author. For dying I was, although
now saved, Another week, the doctor said,
and I should have been past ralvation. I
I think I shall always think of it as my best
work. There is one page in Part II. about
having got to shore, and sick, which must have
cost me altogether aix hours of work as miser-
able as ever ] went through.”

In the spring of 1888 Stevenson returned to
California, and on June 28 of that year he
started from the harbor of San Francisco on
what was intended to be only a health and pleas-
ure excursion of a few months’ duration, but
which turned into a voluntary exile prolonged
until the hour of his death. His company con-
sisted of his wife, his mother, his stepson, Mr.
Lloyd Osbourne, and his servant, Valentine
Roch, They sailed on board the schooner
yacht Casco and made straight for the Mar-
quesas, dropping anchor on July 28 In Anaho
Bay, the harbor of the island of Mukahiva
The magic effect of this first island land fall on
his mind Stevenson has described in the open-
ing chapter of hia book, “The South Seas,”
After spending six weeks in this group Steven-
son and his companions sailed southeastward,
visiting several of the coral atolls of the Paumo-
tus, or Low Archipelago, Thence they arrived
in the first week of October at the Tahitian, or
Society Islands. In these their longest stay
was not at the chief town, Papeete, where
Stevenson fell ill, but in a more secluded and
very beautiful station, Tautira, whither he
went to recruit and where he was detained
by the necessity of remasting the schooner
Here Stevenson and one of the local chiefs
became special friends and parted with mutual
regret. Sailing thence north ward through forty
degrees of latitude Stevenson and his compan-
ions arrived about Christmas, 1888, at Honolulu,
where they paid off the yacht and made a stay
of nearly six months. Here Stevenson finished
“The Master of Ballantrae” and “The Wrong
Box,” and hence his mother returned for a while
to Scotland, torejoin her son's household when
it was fairly installed, two years later, at Vail-
ima. From Honolulu Stevenson made several
excursions, including one which profoundly
impressed him, to the leper settlement at Mo-
lokai, the scene of Father Damien's ministra-
tions and distressful death.

This first year of voyaging and residence
among the Pacifico islands had resulted in so
encouraging a renewal of health, and had added
so keen a vest to life by the restored capacity
for outdoor activity and adventure that Stev-
enson determined to prolong his experiences
in yet more remote archipelagos of the same
ocean. Hestarted, accordingly, from Honolulu
in June, 189, on a trading schooner, the Equa-
tor, bound to the Gilberts, one of the least-
visited and most primitively mannered of all
the island groups of the Western Pacific, and
emerged toward Christmas of the same year
into semi-civilization again at Samoa, where
he wrote his first Polynesian story, “The Rot-
tle Imp.” He stayed in the Samoan Islands
for six weeks, enchanted with the scenery and
the people, bought a property, the future Vail-
ima, on the mountain side above Apia, with the
notion of making it, if not a home, at least a
place of rest and call on later projected excur-
sions among the islands, and began to make
collections for his studies in recent Samoan
history. In February, 1800, he went on to Syd-
ney to find his correspondence and to consider
future plans. It was during this stay at Sydney
that his righteous indignation was aroused by
the publication of a letteragainst Father Da-
mien by the Rev Dr. Hydeof Honolulu. Here,
also, he fell once more seriously {ll with a re-
newal of all the old symptoms, and the con-
clusion was forced upon him that he must make
his home for the rest of his life in the tropics
though, wi@ occasional excursions, as he then
hoped, at least half way homeward, to places
where it might be possible for friends from En@-
land to meet him. In order to shake off the
effecta of this attack he started with his
party on a fresh sea voyage from Sydney, this
time on a trading steamer, the Janet Nicoll,
which took him, by a very devious course,
among very remote Islands during the months
of April-August, 1890 During the voyage he
began to put into shape the notes fora volume
on the South Seas which he had been compiling
everaince heleftSan Francisco. Unfortunately
he spoiled his work by trying to make it too
impersonal, and too full of Information, or what
he called “serious Interest.” On the return
voyage of the Janet Nicoll he left her at New
Caledonia, staying for some days at Noumea
before he went on to Svdney, where he apent
four or five weeks of the later August and Sep-
tember, 1890. Thence he returned in October
to take up his abode for good on his Samoan
property, where the work of clearing and plant-
ing had been going on during his absence

 

 

Man as an Animal and as a Member of So-
clety.

We are indebted to Dr. Pact Tortwarn for
a valuable discussion of the main problems
of the philosophy of sclence in a book entitled
Science and Faith (Chicago, The Open Court
Publishing Company). The title is, to some
extent, misleading, for the author has much to
say about science, and very little about faith
He holds, indeed, that the two words mutually
excludeeachother. Sciencais knowledge: faith
is belief, Science considers things objectively,
and accepta only what is demonstrated by
observations, generalizations and inductions
stopping at agnosticism. That is, stopping
where the facts abandon us, and where, con-
Requently, we decline to have recourse to a
nebulous hypothesis. Faith, on the contrary,
ia subjective, Individual and dependent on
cerebral sensibilities, as the latter has been
constituted by heredity, education, habits and
the temperament of the subject. In Dr. Topi-
nard’s opinion .rhetoriciana who seek to demon-
atrate the compatibility of the truths established
by science with the beliefs dictated by faith
only shatter the latter. A faith which is exam-
ined and shown to be in accord with facta
ceases to be faith It is, at the same time, ad-
mitted that. intheepoch of mankind's history
in which we live at present, there may be utility
in extolling certain articles of faith, as Kant has
done. It Is even conceded that certain phil-
osophical doctrines onght to beadvocated. Dr
Topinard would not deny that the four or
five principles, especially the principle of
justices, which society takes for its base
and its ideal should be converted
into articles of faith, but he would have it
perfectly understood that the two domains of
acience and faith are totally different, are, in
other words, two contrary poles

It is science, therefore, and not faith. which
we are invited to consider in the volume he-
fere us. The book is essentially a contribution
to sociology: butit possesses the mearitof being
made by an origina! inquirer of high rank ina
department of science which constitutes the
groundwork of sociology. consequently, its
conclusions have sprung from a direct and
creative contact with the facts, and not from
derivative and secondary theories about the
facta, Whatever objections, therefore, some
of its special tenets may evoke, its importance

THE SUN, SUNDAY,

Yot I did not wish to |

 

 

 

as a first-hand investigation should not be
underrated. We should add that, while writ-
ten by a specialist, the discussion is not ex-
clusively anthropological and ethnological
The physical, historical, cultural and psy-
chological factors of social evolution receive
the same thorough consideration as do the
theological and sociological factors. The au-
thor's central view is thus briefly indicated,
To begin with, anthropology, which is as-
sumed not to concern itself with societies, dis-
covers {n man an animal only; in his primitive
stage, man is perforce subjective, and by a
rigorous natural logic, egocentric; the law of
self-preservation, as determining his conduct
both toward nature and his fellow animals, is
paramount with him. Sociologically consid-
ered, therefore, man’s animality, man’s primitive
and Inherited egocentrism, is the primal source
of all the difficulties that arisein society, the
arch-enemy to be combatted, This contradic-
tion, apparent or real, between the individual
and society, between the social evolution as it
actually is, and the social evolution as we should
like it to be, constitutes the problem to be elu-
cidated. How has man been changed from
an egocentric to a sociocentric animal? By what
ideas? By what forms of reasoned conduct?
By what organized impulses? By what forms
of evolution natural and artificial? And,
finally, what norm does the past furnish us for
guidance in the future?

This book should be read consecutively
by those who would appreciate the argument
We can only exemplify the breadth and variety
of the author's knowledge, the cogency of his
reasoning and the lucidity of his exposition.
To that end, we would dwell especially on a chap-
ter {un which he considers the evolution of al-
truism. In an earlier part of his book,
Dr. Topinard has directed attention to the
signs of altruism in animals. He bas shown
that the first associations, not induced by
sexual instincts, which occur between indi-
viduals, or groups of individuals, were the
result of indifferent circumstances First
came the habit, then the pleasure, and, finally,
an instinctive {mpulse to seek the company
again. This impulse ts observable in animals
of the same species, or even of such different
species as have no reason to fear each other,
particularly among birds and herbivora. (o!-
Hsions sometimes take place, but the pleasure
of living together outweighs the drawbacks,
and mutual concessions are made, the reci-
procal need of altruism and of solidarity
gains the upper hand. In short, the social
instinct is both noteworthy and thoroughly
consolidated in a large number of animals.

Man, who has sprung from social animals,
consolidated

bas inherited this instinct or
need In a estate of nature where the
difficulties of life are merely of a refrac-

tory character, but where there is room for
all, and where one has to struggle only with
beasts and with nature, man's need of com-
panionship, as in the case of Robinson Cru-
soe before the advent of his man Friday, is
the more {mperious according as he has @
highly developed faculty of exchanging ideas,
(a faculty which the animals lack), and ac-
cording as these ideas are multiplied. In
this stage, moreover, man has not yet learned
to suppress himself. He is entirely sponta-
neous; he has not yet had experience of the
necessity of looking beyond his acta At
first, his family suMces almost entirely to
satisfy his need of company and its associated
needs. He is a good father, a good husband
and easy in manner, if certain savage and
reflex habits be excepted.

Later, whan life is still not dificult and when
he lives in little bands, his conduct still rernains
natural. He yields to his first impulses, he
does not analyze them, he has comrades whose
company he enjoys in hunting and chatting,
neighbors whom he treats as he wishes to be
treated: he renders services without asking
for anything {n exchange; he spontaneously
makes sacrifices for others, as they do for him.
In all things he behaves with frankness, and
does not know what itis to lie. He is still truly
the child of nature. If he is struck, he reacts,
if he ts offended, he avenges himself. With-
out some reason, however, and without
being provoked to it, he never commits an
injury, but often does good. If he is a youth
and makes a girl a mother, he marries her If
members of his family or his friends are attacked
he springs to their defonce and identifies their
cause with his own. Later, when the family
becomes a clan, and the number of men likely
to be found together has still more increased
a change sets in. The altruistic need, or the
desire for company, finds a wider scope, it is
displaced and extended far beyond the limits
of the family. The individual prefers the pleas-
ures shared with his companions to the joys
of his own hearthstone; between him and them
the intercourse of friendship is established, a
bond unconsciously unites them, if one is al-
tacked by the members of another community,
all of his clansmen rise in his defence

In these different stages in the evolution of
altruism, acts having nearly the same motives
are nearly the same in all circumstances;
the response to the same solicitation cannot
vary much. All the members of a group or
clan accustom themselves to regarding their
empirical conduct as the best that can be fol-
lowed. These acts, being repeated, become
customs, of which all individual opinioys, that
is to say public opinion, approves. To conform
to that opinion ia to act in the best manner
Not to conform to it is to oppose it, and, conse-
sequently, to deprive oneself of the collective
approbation to{which one is sensible. The elders—
the councils of tribes--make these customs
which are consecrated by opinion, the basis
of their Judgments,when they are called upon
to settle differences Tradition becomes the
rule, and thie receives the sanction of punish-
menta. Toobey the mile is good, to disobey it is
bad. But, if the elders assume the right to judge
and punish, and {f wrongdoers submit to their
decisions, the reason is that the former take it
for granted that the individual arraigned
before them {s responsible for his acta, while
the latter are confident that they will be treated
on a footing of equality before the tribunal.
In the state of nature, man is restricted In his
acts only by his individual will, with or without
thought as to their consequences. If he thinks
he can kill an animal without betng killed or
wounded himself, he does so. If he thinks he
is running too great a risk, he abstains from
thegame. Toward his fellow being he is not leas
free to act as he pleases, but more motives go
to influence his conduct. One person is con-
genial to him: another is useful to him, renders
him services, amuses him, loves him: another is
indifferent to him, but who knows whether, on
the morrow, their roles will not be changed,
and whether that other will then not be of use
to him? WIll the other not then behaveashe
himself has behaved to-day? Thenagain
what will his family, what will tribal opinion
say? People will censure him, will avoid him
The savage thus knows what he can and ought
to do, and what restrictions he should impose
upon his first impulses. The word rights, aven
{f we assume that he has any vague notion of
anything of the kind. he wonld be incapable
of understanding. Ie acts according to the
circumstancas; his conduct ia restricted as
regards the game he pursues; it is more so
when he is in contact with one of his fellow
beings, it ia still more so when he is in contact
with several, and more so again when there are
very many. a4 in societies. Itis the same with
bis obligations. By the very fact that the
savage knows how to modify his conduct ac-
cording to the circumstances, and will con-
sider that such and such acts must not be done,
or that he must respect the personality of others,
6 that they, in turn. will respect his, it ia avi-
dent that the obligations which he assumes
are made by war of exchange. The whole
matter ia one of reciprocity, There is nounder-
standing or contract. Duty is but a word which
we apply wrongly to the savage and tha ani-
mal, the former comprehends it no more than
the latter

In short,among men more or less near the
atate of nature, acta are produced sponta-
neously, as they are among animals
the best in the conditions given, ther are not
due to reasoning The instinct to adapt acta

APRIL 22, 1900,

     

kood and of evil, of responnibility, Justice,

 

| solidarity, righte and duties, liberty, have as

 

they are |

yet no effect upon conduct; the ideas do not
exist. ‘The savage, abandoned to himself and
untaught, acts empirically; yet his conduct
is as correct ag ours, if not more 80. His ethi-
cal notions conform to what his daily relations
with his fellows demand; his acts are ruder,
eruder and more reflexive; that is all, Our
author thinks {t would be curtous to know
an yet we do not positively-to what degree a
savage’s internal sensibility enters into his
Acta, to what degree man yields to the blind
Impulse wnich leads him to long for the society
of his fellowa, what degree of pleasure he ex-
Deriences in the sympatiy he Kas for others,
or that others have for him; whether he poa-
eesnon in a developed degree the faculty of
representing to himself the pleasure and pain
of others, of feeling and sharing them; in a word,
to what éxtent he is altruistic, whether in the
firat, or passive, degree, which is benevolence
or in the second, or active, degree, which is
charity

nl.

In an earlier chapter of this book will be found
set forth at length the qualities which savages
generally exhibit in the state of nature. Dr
Topinard holds that, when we carefully read
the long accounts of travellers and of mis-
sionaries who have lived in intimacy with them,
and have gained their confidence, we can revoxu-
nize no room for doubt, Savages are affec-
tionate and devoted. It may be objected that
thelr mannersare brutal and that with them
public opinion consecrates acts which we con-
demn severely. But are we ourselves, asks
Dr. Topinard, so perfect, and are our manners,
though refined, much superior? Witness what
occurred recently in Armenia, and what the
courts reveal in highly civilized countries from
day to day. It is true that, among certain
savages, public opinion approves of the man
who has ‘the courage to strangle a friend in
agony in order to spare him useless suffering
Among others, sons abandon without tood,
or bury alive, their old and infirm fathers, who
are incapable of following the nomadic band
Yet, among these same savages, the same old
men are listened to and reapected, the sons
know that their turn, too, will come, and they
shed tears when, in the last extremity, they
acquiesce in their parents’ death. Moreover,
facts of this character are rare, and are recount-
ed by travellera because of their extraordi-
nary nature. Assurediy, savages do not un-
derstand morals as we do, but they have their
morality nevertheless, and one which, though
different from ours. has yet its value. They
are straightforward, frank, loyal and not wicked
In altruism, they are at the same stage as many
birds and herbivorous mammals, and certainly
ata degree higher than are the generality of
civilized races. The impulse which originally
moved tnan to pass from the state of nature,
or purely family state, to the social state, was
not interest, but the need of being happy in
the company of others, the need of exchang-
ing ideas and sentimenta

The word “originally” is emphasized by Dr.
Topinard for the reason that, as soon as the
contact between men increased, as soon as the
conditions of existence became complex and
dificult, the character of the seane changed
and darkened, The atruggle for existence, at
first feeble, gradually increased in intensity,
spread and grew general among socteties,
classes and individuals. To live in new con-
ditions every day more diMecult becomes, ul-
timately, the fate of every member of a com-
munity. Individualism consequently aug-
ments and altruism diminishes, Men are con-
stantly on their guard and weigh their acts
Experience renders them egoistic. To suc-
ceed, to rise, to dominate, to become rich, are
the ruling passions. The more intelligent a
man is the weaker, as arule, is his compassion
and the more deaf is he to the cries of victims
Here and there a few altruists come to the sur-
face, but they are the dupes. Such was
civilization as Hobbes saw it when he pro-
pounded the aphorism, Homo homini lupua—
man is toward bis fellow man‘a wolf. The
author of this book, for his part, would not
ascribe this egoistic state of things entirely to
civilization, Nature herself is in part, if not
entirely. responsible for it. She has made
men signally unequal, some crippled sick
and incap. » of the least intellectual ef-
fort, other: strong, healthy and intelligent
some envious, hateful, wioked and trucuient;
others gentile, loving and devoted; some pre-
destined from birth to premature death or to
along life of suffering, others predestined to suc-
cess and happiness. Animals have muscles,claws
and teeth, and use them when they are hungry.
Man has but one weapon, but it is more poignant,
venomous and deadly,to wit, his intelligence,
and he ises {t, even when he is not hungry, to
satisfy other needs, multiplied a hundredfold
by that intelligence. Animals of the same
species rarely fight, men rend and devour each
other. Very early, long before Darwin, far
back in the dim past, these facts challenged
the attention of thoughtful men. Tn the coun-
cils even of tribes not much advanced, when
punishments were defined for deeds considered
evil, an effort was made to forestall, soften and

correct them in the interest of the general weal
But, as the particular interest of a sect or a
monarch gained the upper hand, these efforts
decreased, the cause of the feeble, the unfortu-
nate and the enslaved had none but secret
defenders among men of the elite, who were
more sensitive to suffering than were those about
them, At timea, these delenders wereunknown
legislators, as in Egypt, where we tind a few
humanitarian laws ‘aspired by lofty ideas of
equality; at times, they were members of the
sacerdotal class who sought to offer consola-
tion to the vietims of nature and civilization,
and to give thern the hope of posthumous com-
wisation, asin India, where the preachers of
Suddhism said: "Lite is but a chain of evils; re-
sig) yourselves, conduct yourselves well:
your recompense is Nirvana.”

It ia pointed out by De ‘Topinard that Greek
Philosophy occupied itself but litte with the
miseries of the classes that were really miser-
able Its glance was directed higher: it im-
agined an ideal of happiness for the sages
an organization useful tor the State, and ablded
by these propositions, The words “justice,”
“good” and “evil” are encountered incessantly

in their diseussions, but they are used in a
different sense from that which we give
tothem nowadays, while, with reference

to the order of nature, the excellencies thereof
are recoguized but not the faults. Aristotle
distinguished justice of exchange from Jus-
tice of distribution, but without insisting on
the unwritten laws which Socrates had said
were inscribed in the human heart. The Stoice
and the Epicureans achieved nothing but the
consecration of oqoleny Only a few legia-
lators of antiquity, Ike Solon and Numa, seem
to have been inspired to some extent with
the moral idea, as contrasted with the util\-
tarlan idea which was everywhere predomi-
nant. It was really not until the rise of Chriati-
anity that we saw the establishment and apread
of generous and altruistic |deas having in
view not a single and privileged class of citi-
zens, but the pariahs of society who are ao
much in need of support. These ideas recog-
nize no distinction nt class or nationality, but
have in view mankindatlarge. Such were ihe
ideas of love in ita universal senso, of fraternity,
eqnality, compassion, charity and disinterested-
ness: the distinetion of moral good and evil
of private and public conduct: the notion of
one’s duty toward oneself and toward others
Nevertheless, the progreas was only auper-
ficial. Although legislators strove to inspire
themselves with the new principles their acta
did not correspond to them. The masses
of the ponnlation anffered aa much as in other
times) The strugele was just asimplacable
altruiam was as thinly sown as ever After
the Renaissance, however, altruistic ideas
gained headway. The latent principles whieh
governed the organization of human society
were discussed The notions previously
vague, Of rights, of individual Wherty, whether
unrestricted or murtailed by the social state
gradually assumed shane and solidity. The
sentiments of reciprocal duty, solidarity and
reanonaibllity were extended: the double decia-
ration of the natural righta of man, that
namely, issued in 1778 by the United States
and that put forth In 1790 by France, opened
np a new era, the era of natural righta, that
{a to say, of richta which society cannot abro-
gate, and which involve the correlative duty
of reapect for the same rights in others

i,
We are thus brought to the present time
at which more than ever before. the follow-

ing questions dominate the whole fleld of practi-

eal sociology. On the one hand. scieatifie
facts show that Nature. in placing man atthe
acme oof creation, and in having given
him his intellect as his weapon of
existence, hins, at the same time condemmed
him, as other animals are condemned, to an

incessant strug@le for the satisfaction of needs
which are multiplied by hisintelligence Art

! t necessity is the whole thing? fhe ideas of | the start the struggle was aguinst individuals

At present the struggle ia carried on in the
bosom of the human species, between man
and man, cogonitally unequal and not re-
sponsible for that inequality. The struggle
engenders suffering, misery and ruin, and
divides mankind into oppressors and oppressed,
into conquerors and conquered, On the other
hand, all that is good in the human heart, love
compassion, generosity and regard for the
dignity of man considered as the highost animal
species, is aroused and protests energetically
against this state of things, It demands that
fraternity shall not be an empty word written
on the front of public edifices, that justice and
peace shall reign, that each individual shall
be recompensed for his efforts and have his
legitimate share in the general happiness,
that, in a word, solidarity shall be made a re-
ality. On the one side is arrayed egoism,
the principal factor in discord; on the other
side, altruiam, the principal factor of con-
cord. On the one side is the human indi-
vidual, always more or less an animal, know-
ing only his present life and desiring it to
be the best possible, On the other is human
society, an impersonal and permanent entity,
in which are resumed the experience of the
past, the hopes of the future and the happi-
ness of the present, distributed equitably for
the best among all

Is the reconciliation of these opposed fac-
tors possible? That is the question examined
in the ninth chapter of this book. Can we, in
other words, bridge or explain away the ap-
parent or real contradiction between nature
on the one hand, as exemplified in the indi-
vidual man, and human society on the other;
between the social evolution such as it actually
is, and the social evolution such as we would
like it to be? How hag the unfortunate con-
tradiction been brought about? Why has
empiricism, the servant of circumstances, led
tosuch a regrettable result? It is, answers
Topinard, because nature does not hold the
same views as we do, or rather because it holds
none whatever; because it proceeds blindly with
its fatal laws and takes no heed of our opinions
or of our desires. It is because the best for na-
ture is not the best for man in society; it is be-
cause man, in order to attain what he desires,
ought, if he could, to have changed himself and
transformed his animal nature. At the out-
set society conformed to the individual, but
the conformation did not last long. The re-
action of individuals one upon another grew
stronger. Some struck and cut about them
at pleasure; the necessary relations between
man and man, {ff they are to form a society,
became falsified; everything was embroiled.
Society became a thing apart, an assemblage
of conditions quite different from what they
had been at the start, an environment sui generts.
Moreover, the evil was too deep-seated for an
adaptation of it to be effected easily. Man
has preserved his animal nature, which re-
mains in confilct with his surroundings. So-
ciety and the individual have become antagon-
istic; what the one demands does not suit the
purposes of the other. Social life is a com-
posite of sacrifices often imposed without com-
pensation and greatly exaggerated; the indi-
vidual, on the other hand, desires to be free
and fully responsible for his acts. Man is an
integral part of nature and is subject to its
imperative laws; human society is an edifice
constructed upon the sand of conventional
materials The consideration of this contra-
diction leads Topinard tospeak of some of the
principles on which human society reposes
These principles are reduced provisionally
to four: liberty, and its counterpart, solidarity;
equality, and its corollary, justice.

Let us consider these principles in turn,
with a view to their relation to the associa-
tion of human beings in communities. Our
author reminds us that liberty ts a purely hu-
man conception involving volition, Liberty
does not exist in nature, where there is never
spontaneity, but only effects determined by one
or several causesacting indifferent directions,
and counteracted by others acting in contrary
directions. The strongest cause,or the resultant
of the interaction, carries the day. In plants
and animals, all phenomena are the consequence
of organization actuated by exterior or inter.
jor agents, So-called acta of will are the re-
sults of excitations which bring into play an-
cestral and personal habits and the moods of
the moment, as we term them, The same is
true of thought, save that here the excitation
is sometimes internal, and so bears the appear-
ance of spontaneity. Psychical freedom is
relative, and depends on the ego, This being
understood, it {s evident that the individual
in the state of nature enjoys all the freedom
which his organization allows, He is restricted
in his acts only by materia! obstacles, his mus-
cular and nervous strength, and his own jadg-
ment of his motives for acting in given cases.
In the presence of one of his fellow beings,
he behaves as in the presence of an animal
whom he desires to conciliate or to combat.
In proportion as his relations with his fellow
beings grow more extensive, he learns to re-
strain himself,but only under pressure of force,or
tor some analogous reason. In society, he is
subject to necessity, which places upon his
primitive imstinets of liberty restrictions which
he cannot escape. To describe, first, the pro-
vince within which an individual is permitted
to move about with perfect liberty, and,sec-
ondly, the other province wherein such move-
ment is forbidden; to describe, in other words,

that which is his and that which is others’,
two words have been invented in modern so-
ciety: to wit, rights and duties. Neitherthe
one nor the other concepuon exists in the state
of nature. There,man does what he wants to
and what he can. He has duties toward him-

self only, and they are of the physiological
order. The inalienable rigbts propound by
the Frenelh Revolution are rigits that are

deamed indispensable to the existence ef man,
and of which be cannot be deprived. They an-
swer to what Thiers has called “necessary lib-
erties.” It is, at the same time, admitted that,
in case of war or the suspension of social laws,
even these tundamental rights may be tem-
poranly suppressed Duties are the correla-
tives of rights; they are all founded on theob-
ligation to respect in others what we would
have them respect in us, They are embodied
in the laws, and may be summed up in the

phrase ‘obedience to the laws.’ They are ab-
solute, and their infraction entails punishment
By the side of these fundamental! duties emm-

bodied in laws, there are other duties havin
no such paramount sanction, but preseribec
by custom, public opinion, self-respect and
veneration for family and ancestors, It is need-
lass in social practice to speak of rights; the
individual is only too much disposed to broaden
their conception, On the other hand. thereisa
constant necessity of speaking of duties, which
form the very essence of life in common
What, now, is meant by solidarity? Topi-
nard would define it as a physical, functional
or psychical bond between parta, which is ex-
tremely widespread in nature. Physical bod-

of other species, as it still is among animals, | the administration of the latter, all bear the

ies are assemnblages of molecules, solidarized |

by cohesion In a stone, heat, humidity,
shocks are propagated from one grain to an-
other, if, however, we separate a grain its
solidarity ceases. In organized beings, soli-

darity gives rise to colonies of merids, zoids |

and demes In the first stage cohesion
pete and simple is the oause In the
higher stages of organized life the solidar-
ity becomes functional. Fach part of the
animate entity is specialized, is entrusted
with some given function, which it pertorms
to the profit of all the other parts of the colony
just as, (nite tPA, It Dron 1
which they perform
solidarity is complete, all the functional in-
dividualities are merged into a single indi-
viduality; there is unity

For the free individual, in the midst for
instance, of a vertebrate species, the word
solidarity is meaningless. Thereis here neither
cohesion, community, nor subordination of
function, Absolute independence is the char-
acteristic of the individual, Neverthele.«
a relative or psychical solidarity resulting from
sympathies, needs or common interests may
be gradually established. Exchange of service
is the first stage. If the exchange is repeated
{t grows habitual and becomes premeditated
Ii something offered

 

8 for the general
use with a view to deriving profit’ from
it, the solidarity is increased within set
limits. Such is the origin of commercial so-
cieties and of all professional associations
Society so-called, is the most advanced stage
of solidarity ere the sacrifices, the advan
tages and the responsibilities are divided
Yet. even here. the solidarity is not complete
Fvery individual has his reservations and

will not suffer himself to be strinped of all
his freedom The first distinetion ta eon-
sider is that which @xi-ts between a state of

 

 

war and a *tate of peace In the first case
the solidarity is complete as regards all the
needa or means of common detence.  Kyvery

individual is inder obligation to all the others
without their being under obligation to bir
as it is in animal colonies whieh have pertect

solidarity Even in the seeond case nore.
over, that is to aay. when a community is at
peace the solidarity remains psychical and

general to the extent that, when prosperity
or misfortune befalls a whole or a part of a
community, whether accidentally or through

ts from the functions |
In the final stage, when |

 
  

  
   

co ences of it, whether these ba good
or bi Similarly, if a o be made in
the laws, all the members of a coninity
either suffer or profit by tt. It is this cope

of solidarity that engenders the idea of co).
try, which is none other than that of eon, n
interests, Solidarity and mutuality are sy yony
mous, Social solidarity has been | spon.
taneously and progressively produced a4 a
consequence of life in common. It difery
totally from the physical and  physiologial
solidarity of the animal colony, it has to oi hap
sanction than the interest of the inadivid val
on the one hand and the law with ita oor, ve
measures on the other,

 

Iv.

Let us look next at equality, the third of the
principles on which modern society {8 funded
The author of this book reminds us that equal.

ity exists in nature, but only fortultousiy, Iq
nature, the effect is always equal to the ; wer
expended, or to the sum of the power, diinige
ished by the sum of the resistances Ficepte

ing the case where they counterbalan « bach
other, the power and the resistance are «0 iy
equal and so varied that the effects are com
erally unequal. Two bodies have rarely the
same dimensions, the same form, the saii# pro.
perties exactly, Two individuals have ;urely
the same value, the one will always get the
upper hand of the other, Among species, ag
among the individuals of a single species, {ne
equality is the rule, and is, moreover, the coe
dition sine gua nonof evolution. In the m at
perfectly organized society, equality {s merely
conterminous with the laws which are oojmoa
to all, Outside of those laws, tt is simply @
word, a principle growing from another prin
ciple, to wit, solidarity, But solidarity be
ing purely psychical, and restricted accord ng
to circumstances, and equality never being come
plete, even in perfect solidarities, such as those
of absolutely unified animal colonies, e; ality
ean make no pretension to being absolute
The foundation of the principle is as fullowa
Men united in society make equal sacrifices or,
to speak more exagtly, sacrifices which are res
garded as equal, and they assume an equal

 

Share of the general responsibility There.
fore, they must be equally treated, and muse
enjoy equal advantages. From theory tore.
ality, however, is a far ery. FPquality ts @
magnanimous dream, the cliff on which ab

endeavors are shattered,

We come now to the principle of Sustloe,
There are jew words whose signification hag
varied so much from antiquity to the present

day, or which reflects 80 accurately the customs
of any given time. In its present and !oghest
stage, itis a purely human conception whi,

in its most widely accepted meaning is ej uivas
lent simply to possessing or receiving what
is one's due. Is there anything in nature oom
responding to our idea of justice? A body row
through space, euters our atmosphere, becomes
incandescent by the friction and burrts tuto
fragments. A storm arises, the oak is torn
out by its roots, the reed bends and etra ghitens

again. A wolf pursues a stag which flees. the
one rune to eat, the other not to be eaten, both
exert their powers to theutmost; the victorious

wolf is recompensed for his perseverance, (he
stag succtimbs through his insufiicient powers
of respiration, The Tasmanians lived happily;
the whites invaded their island, massacred
them and appropriated their — territor At
bottom, all these cases are one. Every where,
that takes place which must take place, con-
formably to the conditions and the forces in ace
tion. Nature witnesses, impassively and tn-
differently, the phenomena of which she is the
theatre. The incandescent body, the ouk, the
stag, the Tasmanian; none has greater weig!t
than the other in her balance. To living bodies,
as to inert bodies, nothing is due in nature;
there is no such thing as justice, Let ua now
look at the individual being, and place our
selves at his point of view. He possesses his
particular organization, of which he is not the
author, and which it is beyond his power to
relinquish. As Herbert Spencer has said,
“He is subjected to the effects of his own na-
ture and of the conduct which it involves.”
It is due to him. therefore, that his acts should
have the consequences which they logically im-
ply; that he should reap what he has sown.
Upon this condition only is he responsible.
If his ego has been deceived, if he has wrongly
judged what it is best to do, if he has suffered
habit to produce the act, and has not tnter-
vened to modify it,if he was distracted or ind™
lent at the critical moment, if he has reasoned
falaely, he guffers the consequences. But if lio
has been correct in his forecast and judgement
the benefits and the profits belong to him
Thia fs the conformity of ends to acts; organie
or physiological justice. In the case of the
wolf just mentioned, it was justice that ts
perseverance should be crowned with success,
whereas, in the case of the stag, it was unjust

that, having put forth its utmost powers to
escape the danger, it should be, after all, de-
voured. A mother carries her infant duriig
the period of gestation, brings it forthin pau,
nurses it and lavishes ber cure upon it, it is
unijuet that she is not recompensed and (hat t)a
child dies. The following, however, is a cen
plicated case: Two men struggle with sua

weapons as each one has at his disposes
The one has greater courage, the other erenter
skill. Fach hea a claim upon reconpebor
but one of them conquers, Where is the (us
tice? From the viewpoint of nature, there |
none, for each has obeyed his erganivatct
The atronger has conquered the weaker Prom
the particular viewpoint of each. howeser,

justice has been done for him who, bay ng
ut forth his utrnost powers hassucceeded ar
Pnsust ice has been done to him whe, having
achieved the same end, was, nevertheless, val-
quishe 4. Individual justice, therefore. is rela}
thve. Yt, even in this restricted form, if has
wide import and applicability, for it engenders
personal responsibility, and. so becomes tle
moving cause par excellence of all human act

 

ity, involving the reward or punishinent of ac's,
and impelling the ewo to be ever alert fer
intervening, for adapting bis acts, to the cirs
cumstances and for looking to his interests If
there were no sugh Justice sanetioning respone!-
bility, personaPy conduct. would be without
arudder Tt mav be asked if this responeitiat

has to do with the acts or with the Hone
which have inspired the acts Certainly | i]
frequently assert themselves without mtere
vention on the part of the ego, but, in neon
terfering, it has done wrong, and should s.ter
the consequences, Acts constitute the v

material which lenda itself to indement |

tentions and the motives from which they spro@
eannot be analyzed; they form an inextmcel 4

labyrinth. The ego and ite acts, whatever
they be, are solidary and compact

We have now come to human *
Solidarity, as we have seen, involves ¢

 

reci,!

on the part of the individual, whie

cally society has duties which it owes t -
receive

viduals. Fach in ita turn is bound 1

its due. Hence social justion, + ¢. the ree
Jations which control and sanction the rot
tions between the two transacting prpties
Social justice is a necessity at once the

eal and practical for the perteet tunctiirre
of social relations, just as individual just *
assures the perfect functioning of the res
tions between acts and their effecta Th rer

ders the individual responsible t
clety, and society responalhle to the ind

It represents the sanction of the two re»
bilities We have seen that theoret

all individuals stand upen an equal fool
in society, that ja to say, have the same me's
and the same duties, for which reason soci

juation is sometimes detined as the law of eo.
liberty. On the other band, social ri 's
and, still more, social duties, at least + 4

society deems most indispensable, are
defined by the laws, as are also t
ments which insure their observerce 1) 4

 

ia not the case, however, with the rr ‘
which crown the fulfilment of social ¢
for to these littl thought give I
this other detinition: Seelal tustee
law itself, or, from another point ¢ ‘ 2
apparatus and the means designed to 4

obedience to the law
What our author has said upon the «

  

 

 

 

 
  

may be thus recapituiated There is

tice in nature. In the Individ and

respect to that individnal a a) tea

existe which is entirely physio

the sanetion of his acts. the sources

sponsibility and the stimulant to lis i

In society, a conventional but neces

tice exists without wh all would te

a justice which is the sanction af the corre

ness of the relitior f the social bods t

viduals, and likewisetheirwuarant Ne ‘

khows more clearly the profound diftere

isting fir-t. between nature. seeondiv the

vidual human being. and thirdly humia

than the different acceptation inthese thre

of the words which have been here exar
Aeeording to the author of this bor

from social science: the moat imnort

Applications of anthrepolog {

whieh seciology is only a brane { t

is destined te come Bort fy

already bears teotuner ' is t

flience It. programme is clear tes

ends in view. te lool the differ

oursiy in the face even where inet

fo establisu principles to seek to pes

contradictions which have heen her:

between the eonceptior ind des r

the realities of nature. to <uMere j

fo come to its maturite: to proceed v

preindice, without theory. with at '

edge that the absolute good cannot be realized

bu ogrescive better The

only arelative omer

developments followed in the book before @e,

a