ur tendencies at many points, even y1)
pe the author has omitted to indicate them. THE CAUSE OF Wom AN,
For Dr. Yopinard, the individual, the family a oo
and peronal property constitute the social - : ' : :
Be him the political formula would | WOMEN ASKED TO CLEAN AND
he this framed: Th® maximum possible to | BEAUTIFY RICHMOND'S STRERFTS.
the | idial the raintenitin poss xe wo ine | as
State & | .--) oe re the (heat possible | Civil Service Examinations and Appolatments

”y local "
to ew ere authority. He adds “if T am

mistanen, this isthe eon ey es ote

so Far as Women Are Concerned~ College
Women Increasing in Nember, and to Be
Reckoned With Polltically-A Letter Krom
the Father of Seven Daughters.

The Richmond (Va) Times contained an
editorial, a few days ago, urging the women of

fh the Cited States,’

 

tlammurton's ‘The Unknown,”
fy) CAMILLE FLAMMARION'S remarkable work

gre Unknown, the English translation of | that city to take up the question of public cleanli-
wich bas just been published by the Harpers, ness and public ornamentation, It said

dhe fe of some thirty years’ observation of We commend tt to the Woman's Club of Riehmond,
tea various payehical phenomena are for the | Which ts one of the most Intelligent and enterprising

organizations in the elt) We do not say this ia any

st time given in the world
for the fr une spirit of Mattery, The Woman's Club ts composed

june and July, 1800, M, Flammarion

Puree of represen‘ative women of the elt en the
ved in several scientific journals a request pres , ome he clty, and when they
information from all who had meet together once @ week they do not spend thelr
for detailed information me io idle talk, butia discussing questions of pubite

concero It seems to us that the Woman's Club
could do Mo greater work than to inaugurate a move
ment in the interest of public cleaniiness and public
ornamentation

Is the editor of the 7'imes ready to grant women
the necessary power to do this important work,
or does he,like many of hia brethren, want them
to attempt it with one hand tied behind thelr
back? Men have made asgreat 4 mess of mu-
nicipal housekeeping as they would have done
of the domestic branch if they had taken charge
of it A woman is considered perfectly com
petent t keep her own dooryard clean, but not,
under any circumstances, competent to extend

experieaced any supernatural phenomena or
could w.va authenticated instances which had
eome inder their observation,

I) reply to his request he received several
thousand letters, many of which in addition
to the results of his own experiments he em-
bods in his work, These letters all appear
over the signatures of the writers and so far
a« was possible, have been authenticated by
the anthor

{mong the letters which M. Flammarion
classiies under the head of “Telepathic Com-
munications” is one from a woman doctor,
Marie de Thilo of 8. Junien, Switzerland, which

icofuncommoninterestin that the apparition
was sean not only by the woman her self, but by
a pet cat which slapt at the foot of her bed
Dr da Thilo’s letter is in part as follows
f my college friends went out to India as a
‘eal misstonary. We lost sight of each other, as
heopens: stlil we were sincerely attached to each
(one morning, {t was after the night between

 

 

oes
Oot 28 and 2, | was awakened at 6 o'clock by some

My bedroom opened on @
dor, from whieh there Was 4@ slalrcase leading to

ittle knocks on my door

Po
another story. [| used to leave my door ajar for the
accommodation of a great white cat I then had, who

Nked to go out hunting during the night (the house
ewarmed with mice ‘The knocks were repeated.
The night dell had mot rung, and | bad beard no one
p the stairs

ore my eyes lighted on my cal, who was

come

  

Kh

 

pecupy ing bis usual place at the foot of my bed He
was aittiog up, with his fur bristling, trembling and
growling ‘The door was shaken as tf by a sitght
gustof wind, and ! saw a figure wrapped In a bind of
wollte gauze ike a vell over some black material I
could not distinctly see the face, She drew near me.
Tita cold shiver pass over me: I heard the cat growl
ferousiy. Instinetively I shut my eyes, and when I
reopened them all had disappeared. The cat was

trembilng all over and was covered with sweat @

I must own that no thought of my friend tn India
occurred to me. 1 was thinking of another person
Put about a fortnight later I learned that my friend,
on the alght of the 19th to the 20th of October, had died
at Sroaghar, in Cashmere. I heard afterward tbat
ihe cause of her death was peritonitis.

MARIB DE THILO, M. D

SAINT JUNIEN, Switzerland

M. Flammarion cites a great number of cases
o! a similar nature in more than 90 per cent, of
which a death followed the appearance of the
warning apparition, From this he argues
that such appearances can scarcely have been
merely illusions or freaks of the imagination,

These apparitions all came to persons fully
awake and conscidus of their surroundings:
but not less curious are the cases which he cites
where a premonitory apparition appeared to
persons during sleep or semi-sleep,

One of the most remarkable cases of this sort
is vouched for by a citizen of Luxeuil who re-
quests that his name be withheld. This is his
sworn statement

her jurisdiction to the other side of the fence. She
has for ages made her own garden blossom like
the rose, but never has she been permitted to
exercise this power for creating beauty beyond
her own gateposts. Men alone have taken
the responsibility of making clean and beauti
ful our towns and cities, and these, in all parts
of the country, are testifying how faithfully this
trust has been performed. Now a few, like the
Hichmond editor,are casting about for a remedy,
end they turn, where men are very apt w turn
in time of trouble and perplexity, to the women
of their household and community All at once
it has dawned upon them that possibly these
women May know more about these things than
they do, and that, relieved as they are nowa
days from many of the former household tasks,
they may have more leisure to consider these
matters than men, who must continue as of old
in the breadwinning drudgery, So in many
localities the cry is guing oul to women Ww
come w the rescue of the municipal hodsekeey
tug which at present is a national disgrace

But is this appeal accompanied by the offer
to clothe them with the needful authority, to
give them the power of helping elect the officers
who administer the municipal laws; to fill cer-
tain of these offices themselves, if need be;
w handle the necessary funds; to be, in sbort,
a factor in the government of this city’ When
the services of women are ueeded they are then
in a position to make terms, and that time is ap-
proaching in the municipalines at leas(. Women
should be very slow about organizing them
wives into streetcleaning and tree plantiug
brigades while men alone hold the city purse
Sirings, draw the official salaries, and exercise su
preme control Although it should be a duty
end « pleasure for Women to share the burdens,
yet ther should break themselves of the habit
of working without pay and without authority

if Virginia makes a new Constitution, as she
tals of doing, we shall expect the editor of the
Kiuchmond Times to advocate a clause in it gly-
ing municipal suffrage to women

This editorial makes another strong point when
{teays “The members of the womans club do not
epend their time in idle talk but in discussing
questions of public concern.” ‘There is a wide gulf

between the church sewing circle ofa weneraien |

or two ago and the Woman's clubofte day Dur
ing the transition stage between the two, ihe
women, who were just beginning to try their men

My wife saw the figure of her brother at the precise
moment of his death.

My brother-In law, who was professor to the col
lege at Luxeull, had disease of the lungs During
his last {ilness his sister nursed him with the greatest
devotion, and he preferred her care to that of any one
else. My wife's relations, however, In coming to
Luxeull, and seeing her to be very much fatigued,
pursuaded my brother In law to come with them and
a deaconesses’ establishment at

tal wings, plunged wildly into ancient history,
metaphysics and various subjects which would
@ppal the savants A good many of them are sul
Noundering in these depths, butin almost every
community now are found organizations of women
studying the live, practical questions of the day
a#nod utilizing the results of their study as far as
they are permitted, It must be remembered,
however, that notin the smallest particular can
women Influence municipal ajfairs, the manage
ment of the schools, the cleanliness of the streets
the beautifying ef the city, the condition of jails
almshouses aod other public institutions, except
by permission of men
the latter would welcome the co operation of women
in what surely is as much their sphere as man's,
the reverse is true, and in all the past years their
assistance has been seornfully declined = It is
only of recent date that they have received the
siightest recognition, and even this, for the most
part, because they have crowded themselves in
and begyed for it

In all parts of the country the women’s clubs and
councils are making # careful study of political

piace himself at
Strasbourg
\bout three weeks after his departure my wife
was awakened by a sort of nightmare, and saw, tn
her half awakened condition, ber brother lying in
closed In a stone coffin like the Roman tomba) stones
are exhibited at the thermal establishment
here. The coffin contracted Itself more and more,
making respiration almost impossible to het brother,
and he, looking at her with supplicating eyes, !m-
plored her to come to his assistance and draw him

which

oit ‘Then she saw him assume a restened atr, and | economy, municipal government, public schol
; 2 poe sehuaslpnesy I questions sanitary measures, the cause, treat:
ne seemed to say toher, “Everything Is at an end: | yneny and prevention of pauperism and crime

all matters in fact that stand for civilization and
progress. ‘The Association of Collegiate Alumna,
our most highly educated body of women, have
spent several years in @ systematic investigation
of drainage, ventilation and sanitation generally,
preparing & most valuable collection of scientille
data. While the various organizations of women
ere thus engaged, an army of younger ones are
preparing themselves to be such a power in the
future as the world has not yet seen. In his ad
dress before the recent National Jewish Women's
Counril at Cleveland, Ohio, President ‘Thwing,
of Western Reserve University, said

“As a result of the much larger percentage of
giris than boys yearly being graduated from the
uigh schools of the country, women will seon be
the educated classes of the community. [tis not
4 far step from this to bring ont their responsibility
as factors in the life of the new century. [tis to
be woman's century as well as man's, by reason
of her well-trained mefital power.’

* With that she awoke completely
Tt was 20 minutes past 3 in the

you ean do no more.’
and noted the hour.
morning
Ihe next day we learned of my brother-tn-law's
death ‘The hour of his decease eolncided exactly
wth that of the dream
May 1 beg of you not to give our names.
LUXCTEL (Haute Saone A. S.
Phe author also recalls the utterly inexplice ole
ease of Marshal Serrano, who, when dying at
a! his home in Serrano, suddenly raised himself
{tn his chair and called to one of his officers to
hasten and ride to Prado forthe Kine was dead.
A few moments later he died calling for his |
uniform and sword, The next day it was an- |
nounced that at exactly the same time the |
hing had died alone at Prado
Such manifestations, says M. Flammarion,
must henceforth constitute a new branch of
Brience
Perhaps the
anlute fulfilment
tuat of M. Bérard, a former Magistrate. now a
Deputy of France. M, Bérard had been engaged
on an important criminal case and after ite
completion had gone into the country to rest
Finding himself one evening at a distance
from his hotel he decided to spend the night at
alittle inn, “Au Rendezvous dea Amis." He
had the only empty room over the stable.
Nervousness kept him awake until late, and
®veral times he imagined he heard a person
athe door. Finally he fell into a heavy sleep.
Fle then dreamed that he saw his host enter the
room with a knife in his hand, while behind bim
flood the hostess. The host approached the
bed and plunged the knife into the heart of the

the colleges and universities of the United States,
with the number increasing sv rapidly that at
| Stanford University a limitation has been placed
upon it, and similar oe ppeatente pt Chir age
. This highly educated element wi ave to be
vost remarkable case of the ab- | rechoned within the future While women were
of a premonitory dream i | ignorant, aud while the duties of the home claimed
} all their time and energy, it was not difficult to
) keen themin a subordinate place: but with trained
and developed minds, the household tasks largely
, eliminated, ambition and independence awakened
‘it becomes absolutely necessary to provide new
outlets for their activities, Church and society

| business occupations; bat a certain
' turn instinctively to that divicion of labor which
is included under the head of municipal govern
ment, and will demand a rightful share of tt

The new charter granted by the last Legislature
of California to San Franciseo provides that civil

to all clerkships. As there is no law to exclude
Women, many of them entered the contest with
the understanding that there should be no dis
crimination against them. Of the 181 candidates
who passed the examinations successfully, 102
were women. Out of the five wh> ranked high

 

Bireye The twothen lifted the corpse and “ig Z 1 ann ch vigt auanaenie
rried it irs i es ree were womer er specifically
cured it downstairs, the man holding the | States thatin supplying clerks the Civil Service
ree of the lantern in his teeth, M. Bérard | Commissioners shall oertify to the appointing
an and left the inn | power the candidates who stood highest in the ex
| aminations, On the contrary they are certifying

 

ve years later he read in a newspaper of |

Ine disappearance of M. Victor Arnaud, an ad- |

Yooate, jast seen by a wagoner near the inn
levvonsdes Amis.”

© Magistrates of the locality were inveati-

to the names of men who stood below the women,
and various county officers declare that they will
not have women clerks

‘The last annual report of the chief examiner
of the National Civil Service Commission shows
that during the past few years less than 10 per

ceived only 6 percent. of the appointments in all

ed <von of the innkeeper'a wife was taken. Noone cab make

: ‘ i j | ce t ) ho have passed the exami

éaliog and the innkeeper nd his w cent. of the women wh i

he ¢ - . ‘ - ane ife had | nations have been appointed te Government
eocarrested. M, Bérard, moved by curios- | positions, while 26.6 per cent, of the men have

Ny obtained permnission to be present when | ben appointed. In 1809. qualified women re

branches of the public service

       
  

  
 

     

° ed that Arnaud had come to the inn, | eyen a superficial examination. of the depart
Nt had pot spent the night, both available | ments at Washington without being  e« nvineed
r ne occupied thattheore is a systematic plan to crowd women
° cutoff Government places
. tof G t place
od the third chamber the one over the sta- The attention of those who think it is now
' rard exclaimed all plain sailing for women, and that they on ”
They a aes , : full possession of all their rights without the be
in appeared to be greatly surprised j dot. is called to these facts. If women were a
- Magistrate hurriedly rehearsed | political factor there would be no more discrim
' ys of the erime, she broke down com- | ination oe than against men, provided
bie vid cried. “You saw it all then they were equally competent
vy of the dead advocate was found in Here is another significant instance which
t ible cellar, and yet several yeara had | Women are invited to contemplate Mr J W
Claysed hetwe } : ' Riegins, who is a candidate for Mayor of Waco,
etween the Magistrate's dream and | pag” sent out the following card
he 7
The Meaonearanee of Mo Arnaud To the Ladies of Waco, Tez
M Fla irion does not ask his readers to { have been so often assured bv bundreds and bun
be thing anak tue dreds of ladies in the elty of Waeo that they are with
& Witnout Proo ut he does | ine to this campaign for a “progressive etty, # livelier
a idieed Nevring In the conelu- | town, and lower ties,” that [have felt keenly im
t troduethe he save pressed with the value of thelr work, thelr many en
Somat ie Be eouraging words, their rened, totelligent and pa
five lave up any study with an unpreju- | triode expressions, and nothing could inspire me
he " be ready to admit what has | more than to have them present at the Auditorium
lee ttoadmit much that may be proved | on M ay nicht Yet, my friends say, in this bour
f in the e¢ of subjects con of Wavo's erlss, that you should efve your seats
’ cf . such &s apparitions, second: | at the Auditorium on Monday night to the thousands

 

of voters who wil attend '

Then followed a paragraph of fulsome compli
ments which it is not necessary to reproduce
We have not learned whether the Hon. Joseph

lov, premoniiory dreams, mag
hs pootism, spirt
it is marvellous

ta tparteniiehtened eriticism has played

fifestations

 

rellvlous beliefs,

 

 

m4 Par ener f facts, and what an incoherent | w Bailey also gives the marble heart to the pa
sth eas re en seruny Ulered Unte ue triotie women who would like to attend his spell
4 Able to such Cublects’  Thie tecwhat | Dinding performances, but we felicitate the
Mts tto demonstrate by . ladies of Texas upon the polite and flowery
ave Romine cttine tent Th chivalrous. | in which the
kia ! cr thing without proof There | Not to say chivalrous language 1 y
ts the cla ee methods tn this world. One | are invited te stay at home 0 oh
te By istie method which aMirmed certain In the California campaign of 1896, when a
18 Ph or. to wileh facts were afterward expected | Woman suffrage amendment was one of the issues,
70 rr aed thatof modern setenee since the time | its indorsement waa made the first plank in the
not Poon! Alen starts by observing facts and does | Republican State platform. The = suffragists
Nemdincy yo theory until ft has established them. | brought on the best speakers they possessed,
that cues gs It Is the second of these methods | supposing of course they would be allowed an

er add ypted
Hi

the Wie Purpose is, he avers, to demonstrate
ba te dines these mysterious phenomena
as discourse the truth.

opportunity at the Republican rallies to advocate
one of the party planks. Hut when they applied
to the State chairman, Major Frank Mclaughiin,
be refused point blank, saying that “a woman

eS SSS

a Ss sss

| and the latter called Mr FP

While one might suppose |

It is estimated that there are 40,000 women in |
| to her

will answer for some; others will enter the various |
sertion will.

} ‘ 1 the Bag
service rules shall control in the appointments | of Hick ani the Harr on

THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 22,

 

 

 

speaker meant entirely too many bonnets at the

ngs.” d
Thin instance is quoted to show that there ia
no partisan politics La the desire nut to have women
fill up the seats reserved for Voters If the women
wish to understand the political situation, let them
ask of their husoands at home.

 

POEMS WORTH READING.

Passing Faces.

Fach day in Broadway's world-fed tide

Across the car eyes meet with mine--

An old inhabitant, @ traveller hastening by,

Filled full with recognition and good will,

A friendliness that cannot speak but would,

‘Side whieh the common greeting's poor and grosa:

Merely a glance. and so on out of aight.

We'll meet again, ab, nevermore’

Those eyes, full of good-cheer unuttered, pass along,

Leaving @ plaintive but « pleasant memory.
C.8.G.

-

"There does not seem to be any juster proposition

than that taxpaying women should vote on ques
tiog of municipal taxauon which are submitted
warvote Whethera manis « Jeffersonian Dem
ocrat oran Abraham Lincoln Republican he ought
to see the nighteousness of giving every tax
wiying citizen the might to say whether he is will
ng to be tased for certain special purposes in con
nection with the city in whieh he lives. If there
is any sagnificance in represenialive government
it should carry with it this freemanu's privilege,
ul, asa matiorof fact, it is possessed by) Women
fn just five of the forty five States: whieh consti
tute the greatest republic on earth in Wyoming,
Colorado, Utah Ann Idabe, where they bave the
full suffrage, and in Louisiana where they have
only this fragment, which the men granted to
them in ther new State Constitution of 140%

A bill for this purpose was satroduced into the
Lewoslature of New York in the sessions of 1800
and 1900.) Luis oneofthe most humiliating things
which women ever had to confess, that members
of their own sex went to Albany to work against
this measure, [Tt would make all women bide
their heads in shame and grovel in the dust did

Hepatica.

From the Boston Transcript.
The drifts crouch in the valleys,
Like hunted beasts at bay,
The diight feeds on the mradows,
‘The cold hangs wet and gray

Lean winds still search the forests,
‘Lhe st fened trees stand numb;
No April shower has falien,
No robin yet has come,

Here ‘neath the drooring hemlocks
‘The darkest grave damps lie.)

they not understand that this eotene of would But lo! a pale beam burning -
be Jaristocrats represents only that small unre ‘ A fleck of Easter sky!
publican, undemocratic element in one country ;
Who are opposed to universal sulfrage even among r Hepatica! ‘Thou ‘rt open—
men re edge, Bra pulse of spring!
. ' " 7 ; The forest is tiumined,
last winter the bill passed the lower house r And living everyibing!

ft the New York Legislature by 98 to ® votes,
but waa defeated hy aclose vote in the Senate
This winter ft received the unanimous vote of the
lower house and wes carried in the Senate by
23 toO.but ft required a constitutional majerity of
26,orone over one balfot the fifty members, ‘Thera
{s every reason to hope that at the next session
if the members are not broad enough to grant
absolute justice ty) women they will at least enable
toxpaving Women to vote on the measure
for which they must pay taxes

The melting snows run faster,
‘The sleeping bemlocks wake,
The seowling skies grow brighter,

Brave blossom, for tby sake

Should August's flaming arrows
Across the heaven's fly,

Were all the birds in chorus,
Did softest zephyr's sigh

‘These could not fill with springtime
My heart of summer bied,
As thou, fiall flower, blooming
Among the winter's dead.
DALLAS LORE SmarP.

States Senate and House
last week, as usual, hed upon the question
of woman suffrage notintentionatly, bless you,
no -they would as seon interview @ ¢ase of smalls
pos, but itis impossible for them to let the eagle
soar withoutits running against this snag. Sen-
ator Burrows ju discussing the Quay case pero
rated as follows

And let me say that no sooner shall you have
established the doctrine contended for by the minority
(han there will be a popular uprising in this country
which no power can resist or suppress, to lake from
State Legis atures and Governors a!! control over the | You ean do all thts in our piente free
election of Senators and lodge it with the sovereign | By taking your place with Jim and me
people” Out here on the firtng line,

Did Mr. Burrows mean “the sovereign people,
men and women” In that case it might be a}
grand thing, but he meant simply the male
sovereigns, the Senators may as well continue |
to be elected the old way, for all the difference it
makes to Women,

The eagle of Representative Jones of
Shrivked aloud that “Of the Democrats were in
eee they would give to the inhabitants of Porto
tiv) A representative free government, with the
fame rights |

|
|

both the United

 

 

 

On the Firing Line.

From the Rochester Democrat and Chrontele.

Would you live a life in a single hour?
You can,

Aud belp rin things with a brimstone power?
Understand

Your face is as @ray asthe sands at noon—
That's right.
All the blood bas gone to thy heart, poltroon—
But yout} fight
When the click of (he bullet brings fate'a decree
Tt will tine thy nerves to the major key
‘That sounds on the Oring line.

if

Virginia

You may give one thought to the friends away--
No tears,
You will think of tuem no more today.
The cheers
Will lift you in to another sphere,
The past, my son, will be out of gear
With you on the fring ioe,

privileges and inimunities enjoyed
by every \merncan citizen The Porto Ricans
would better inquire into this) matter a little,
There may be a@ trick in it, If the Democrats
should mean the same rights of representation
accorded to American women, the la tend of these
dusky new citizens night be worse than the first

 

Are you atwurderer at heart?
Oh, no,
Would you kill yon man where the gray rocks part—
hiy foe?
A puff of smoke; a jarring shock
A Mauser's mark on thy rifle stock
You have on the firing line

And then there was that big Jeffersonian birth
day dinner in Sew York, a tew days ago, when
es Governor Campbell of Ohio, ina brilliant burst |
of oratory, declared Equal rights for all and
special privileges for mone’ ought to be a more in
spiring baitle cry now than ever before with the

 

Can you Joke in the face of death, my boy,
With Jim?

Teal Democracy the Jeffersonian Democracy.”
Yes, indeed) ‘This assertion is a prominent | ©4&2 you Ugh When the dead on our flanks depioy
, : th him?®
plank in the Declaration of Independence, as re ae
the woman suffragi.ts often have potnted out . You le! When the white flags wave
Wecan dig for Jima soldier's grave

and they will be dedighted to learn that the real
Jeffersonian Democracy are gung to make their
cause the battle ery of the coming campaign

He is dead on the firing line

You Bave paughs the fever of battle now,

Seo qo

Yor would fight the world In a deadly row

If you could

You would carry our flag through
fame,

You would charge yon mountain of fire and flame

\head of the firing line.

Ata recent meeting of the House Military Com
mittee, several of the members became so angry
that an explosica was imminent Chairman
Hall shook his fist at Representative Lentz; the
latter eotorted by calling bim a liar, then \ttormey
Cheney said Mr. Lents was a iiar and the latter

 

|
You can?
the furnace of

shouted that he would kick the attorney out of |.
the window, Col Cox then threatened to hit, Today hae mando you @ hero rare
Ateuney Hay for insulting bim) and several u

 

You fight as !f yon did not care

‘A cuss
For bullet storm or bursting shel—
For ail that constitutes a hell

other gentlemen celled each other liars and threat
ened to throw Various members of the committee
out of the windows

 

\ few days later at a session of the House on | Along on the fring line,
Pensions, Representative Beorduey declared he ?
would got believe Representative Talbert on oath Tals day has made you a man—a man

Withus
Although we can searcely understand
Why thus
You ean show the grit of a veteran old
And smile at death as you stubbornly hold
Your place on the fring Lae

rdney an ass and said |
he would cram his rotten words down his throat”
Phe gentleman from Michigan then said he “hoped \
to God that when the gentleman fram South
Carolina was born again he would be Mill born,”
and the latter stated that “the devil already bad @
billof sale’ on his honorable colleague

  

But the lessons of war we are learning. my lad,

Phese little occurrences are cited not We two.
they are so unusual in the history of Congress, | The diaplomies should not be bad
butbecause one of the stock reasons given why men Or few

|
|
|
because |
}
}

And when we get home—my God! a bal!
Has given to me—and to you, our all-
A Srave on the firing line.

alone should held the r government is be |
cause Women are so emotional and excitable and |
have not that fine self control which is oue of the

ins «of

WMstinguishing masculine attributes | SHEBMAN D, RIORARDSOWN.
Speaking of Congress, it is @ pleasure to note >

that in addition to the bathrooms and barber Feedin’ the Stock.

shops in the Capitol is mow to be added an “emer. | Prom the Lewtston Evening Journal

t acase of medicine and suitable |

minor operations ] ns

feney equipme

f : the chorusin that tleup, runch, gerroneh, and
inmstriments of

runch and munch’

Hea

ner

that the members are liable t) fainting spells and | —-phere's a rowof honest erlttera! Does me good to
sudden illness at any time” and no provision ever hear ‘em munelh
has been made for these attacks \nd then, too When the barn is gettin’ dusky and the sun’s behind

the drifts

—Tonehn’ last the gable winder where the dancin’
hay dust sifta,

When the coaxin’ from the tle-up kind o’ nints it's

Aman hever khows When lis appendicitis will
go back on him |
We ore very glad there are to be arrangements

for all these probable contingencies, and beg " we
leave to suggest that a traned nurse) @ voter, veo clock
of course be in constant attendance at each | Wal, Ive got a job that suits me—that’s the chore of

end of the Capitol, We must throw every safe. | feedin’ stock.

guard around our national lawmakers—— but
We were just thinking about that stock srynmans | though, and neat.
that woren were not strong enough physically | put we'd rather have the patehes than to skinch on
to mix up in affairs of State | what weeat
— | Lots of work, and grubto back ye-—that's a mighty
The following reaches me from 'The Father of | wholesome creed. |
Seven Dauchters:” —Critters fist, sr, that’s my motto—give the critters
What tocspressible drivel is this chatter in the all they need
Ladies’ Hom ; I rnai and Harper's Hazar on | And the way oF do to our house, marm and me take
edgy hi whet ts left,

We've got patches down to our honse—bonest patches,

the woman question.” ‘Thatwoman’s placein the : . . ’

economic system is solely to be the handy maid And wel ne cent Rete’ RunErY, Re pee’ Settee bp
of man, to be his wife and housekeeper, to breed parm the man that's caleulatin’ when he measures out
and bring up his children, to have no aspirations his hay,

notentrely consistent with his comfortand money
making propensity this is their ‘philosophy.’
And how perfectly in harmony itis with Mormon
ism! Joseph Smith before he dared to assent
te the religious dogma of plurality of wives paved
the way by peleeanie woman to the position of |
housekeeper and child bearer, -granting a soul

be cure, but assigning her to the ‘help | Oh, the dim old barn seems homelike, with {ts over
meet’ sphere, beyond whieh she must not venture, | hanging mows,

Dil st ” venture Slerhal dateati 7 " ae her lot With tts warn: and battened tie-up, full of well-fed
1 ay . \ sheep and cows.

Groanin' ev'ry time he pitches ary forkful out the

from (he swale,
' "Cause he wants to press his herds’ graas, send bis
clover off for sale.

  

' andam 14

1900.

QUESTIONS AND A!

1, Where is Majuba Hill located in South Africa?
2 Who was in command of the British forces at the
battle of Majuba Hill’ 3, Whocommanded the Borr
forces at the same battle? 4, How many men were
engaged on both siden and what cannon had
they, if any’ 5. What ts the word Baha
dur? the name of a place or is {ft Anglo
Indian slang? If the first, what did Lord Roberts do

WERS.

 

there to be called “Bobs Bahadur?” It the latter, what |

is ite meaning In connection with Lord notes 8

1, In the Drakensbusg Mountains, between the
Orange Free State and Natal; tn about latitude 27°
45° south, longitude 29° 40’ east.
with o depression at the top.
George Pomeroy Colley, 35. Commandant General
Joubert, whe has just died, was in chief command,
Gen Smits, mow dead, commanded the attacking
foree, 4, About 600 British, about 160-200 Boers
They had no cannon. 5. Bahadur means “brave
oMcer,” “champion,” and was given as a title of Lonor
‘The last person of importance bearing the title of
clally and correctly was Sir Sala Jung Bahadur, Prime
Minister and actual ruler of Nepaul. ‘The title was
given to Lord Roberts probably by some of the native
troops of bis command tn 1879, as a mark of honor,
Just as Hooker was called “Fighting Joe” by his soldiers.

*

Slow, slow, tollitiow,

As the sea waves break and flow:

With the same dull, slumberous motion

As bis ancient mother Ocean

Rocked him on through storm and calm,

From the iceberg to the palm

So bis drowsy cars may deem

That the sound which breaks bis dream

Jathe ever moaning tide

Washing on his vessel's side.

‘This iy printed in ao oid school reader without credit

to the writer, Can you tell me frou what poem it ts
taken and who wrote it’ G. 8.

It ts @ conical hill |
Mojor Gen. Sir |

 

 

THE WICKED CHICKE

 

Mickey Finn Deceiven a Pet Pigeon aud Loses
@ Holiday Dinner.
Copyright, 1800, by Wrnest Jarrold

The most recent addition to Mickey Finn's
museum of natural history proved to be a pouter
pigeon of the gentler sex, Ile regarded the bird
with peculiar aolicitude, chieily because it was
hin latest acquisition. [ut the coming of the
pigeon created a ferce jealousy in the heart of
the goat which no cajolery served to soften and
fime failed to appease. The flerce old berserker
brooked no divided affection on the part of those
he loved

Mickey procured the pigeon from Jack Doolan
in exchange for the stopple of o vinegar cruet,
® glass agate and 4 mammoth dodv He made
a coop for the pigeon in the back yard, and at
tended to her wants with assiduous care, The
bigeon grew plump and round op the seraps which
Mickey purloined from his mother's humble store
and became #o tame that she would perch upon
the boy'a shoulder, eat from bis hand, and coo
ber content into his delighted ear, The tame
crow and the yellow gosling regarded there evi-
dences of distinction with decided disfavor, the
crow especially revealing his anger through the
Vigorous use of his bony beak upon the tencer
body of bis rival. But Jean Ingelow's famous
mourner was not more patient than the pigeon,
and so, sustained and svothed by the unwaver
ing affection of Mickey, the days passed too quick
ly to pleage the boy until the spring Lad gone
and the warmth of summer coaxed the cherry
trees to blossom and wooed the felds to robe them

What was the “Black Death’” M

The “Black Death” was an epidemic disease, frst
experienced in Europe aboul 1346, when it appeared in
Sicily; tt reached Constantinople and Italy ja 1347.
Spain, France, Germany and England in 1848. The
exact nature of this plague is nut known: tt is thought
vo have Deen a bubonle plague, with varlous elements
not always present in bubonte fever, ‘The name
“Black Death” is not of contemporary origin, and ts
not known outside of English speaking courtries
it was given to tbe plague by Mrs. Markbarm tu her
Alstory of England, published in 1823

selves in green, And when smiling June came
Uipping over the hills into the little valley, ber
warm breath conjured mek dy in the throats of
birds, made the brooks bebble and the goat frisky
Aud, whisper! the revivifwirg influence of spring
awakened the dormant maternal instinct in the
breast of the pigeon, and she showed a desire to
set, Instead of fiving upto the gableof the shanty
and preening her plumage in the sunlight, as
she was wont tu do, she remained in the coop

biggest marbles ‘This mental and = physical
attitude of the pigeon caused Mickey much an
poyance, for, while the bird evidently supposed
she was hatching eggs she repulsed caresses
and refused to eat ihe dainties shook from the
Finn tablecloth fn his distress Mickey went
w his inother fur advice In justice to the ina
ternal inn it was necessary tu state that sem

Can you furnish me with a 'ist of the misiresses of
the White House (frst lady of the land) and dates
of oceupancy since Martha Washington to or '

A MH

Martha Washington was never in the White House.
Abigail Adams wasthe first "Lady of the White House,”
1800-1801, After her came Martha Jefferson Ran
dolph, 1602; Mary Jefferson Eppes, 1403, Mrs. Ran

dolph again, 1408-4 and 1605 6; Dorothy Madison,

   

 

1809-14; In 1414 the House was burned by the Briuish. | timen‘tealism: was not one of her weaknesses She
Its neat “lady” was Flirzabewh Monroe, 1817-25, Loulsa regarded her boy's pet purely from a pigeon
Adams, 182529 Emily Donelson, 1829-47, Sarah potpie standpoint, and this eeonomie view col
York, 1829-57; Angelica Van Buren, 1830-41; Pris: | oped her remarks when she said

cilia Tyler, 1841 1842; Letitia Semple, 1842 44; Julia “Lave her set, me bev. Sure vou van play
Gardiner Tyler, 1844, March 1645, Sarah Poli, 1845- | yg tye goat while she's raisin’ childr But

49; Elizabeth Bliss, 184950: Abigail Fillmore, 1450
53° Jane Plerce, 1854-67: Harriet Lane, 185761
Mary Lincoln, 186165; Martha Patterson, 1565-60
Julla Grant, 186 Lucy Hayes, 1877-81; Lucretia
Garfield, 1881; Mary McElroy, 1881 85. Rose Cleve |
land, 1685-86, Frances Cleveland, 1586 69, and 1893. |

there's no use for her to be wastia’ her time
marbles. Now, as you bave vo pigeon's eggs,
faith ‘twill du no harrum to puta hin’s egg under
She'll niver know the diufer and her wind I
waisy. There's two cents. Godown to Brady's
and get ag ceg out of the barrel, and wend you

au

“9
v7

her

97; Caroline Harrison, 1889-02; Mary McKee, 1802 93 don't get wan o' thim eggs that's made by ma
ida McKinley, 1897 cheermery.”

1, What wore the voune is he dou Mickey was delighted with the idea, and. run

; he vollng requirements in the South | ning down to the grocery. he bought on egg and

African Hepublle just prior to the discovery of gold placed it Soneath The pivon Ih oe tn one

there? 2 Whataod when were the principal changes
in these requirements’ 3& What was the total for-
eign population in the Transvaal before bostilidies
began and of these how many were English?

of unusual sive and Mrs. Finn was doubtful af
the warmth of the pigeons small bedy would
be suflmient to bateh moout. isuten order to aid
J the pigeon in her mavrpal onary r Mickey ane
a his mother stulfed an old tin wash basin with soft
( r a , ,

; jold was discovered commerclaliy tm 1884 wools and flaunels taken from the mebeg In
Phe vollng requirements were residence for five years, | this homely tucubator the eon was installed
the oath of allegiance and the payment of £2 Tt was two days befcre the pigeon vould fit her
The franchise now is extended to two classes of | ee warm body. oy ~ s cae, ee
i 4 ital uch uerulous «oul . vi g ‘ ,
burghers. First, male wiittes, resident since i876, she matted down to business and started to be

or who took 4A active part io the war of independeace | come a foster mother in earnest
of 1881, and the children of such persons over 16 vears And now that the pigeon bad gone into tem
of age. Secoud, maturalized male cittvens and thelr Th ona cual oe Mg eer ie yt ie
MSs eo om ora an ™ vs Tea to :
ehildrea over 16 The first class votes for members ork iahed, while the crow perched upon the shoul
of the frst and second chambers of the Volisraad: | der lately usurped by the pigeon, and all went

the second class for members of the second chamber.

2 Wedo not know the dates at which the various
changes were made 3. In (808, 245,407 whites and

 

 

merrily os a fairy dancing upon a moonbeans
‘The ensulng three weeas were tilled with interest
tu little Mike. Ievery afternoun when be eame

sitting in patieptexpectation upon (woof Mickey's |

744,759 natives’ it is sald that about 60,000 were
Bogiish

1. Was the ‘Thames Tunnel opened to the public
In what year was the

thirty or more \ears ago® 2
underground railway in landou opened for travel”
we

1, The Thames Tunnel), begun in 1825, was opened

in 1843, and failed in 1665 !\ was bouglit by ibe Great

astern Raliway Company, and used as o railway
tunnel
ago. 2. Most of the route was opened in 1873 or
thereabouts, the Mansion House section, a mile long
(whieh cost about £5.000,000
about 1480

Twas born of American parents, \athe United States,
J years of age Am | now legally a citizen
of the ("nited States of America or not uuttl lam 21?
CONSTANT READER
.ou are a legal citizen of the | olied States being
@ minor, you have not the right to vote yet

A bets B tliat there were more Union officers killed,
wounded, missing and prisoners at the battle of Get
tysbure thanthe English have lost inthe er¢'re Trans
vaal campalen up to and ineluding March 1, 00.

Ld. BL.

The loss of ofcers, killed and wounded, at Get
tysburg was 27 per ceut, of the original strength of
oMcers. Apart from these heures, we find no sug

) gestion as to the actual loss of oMcers at Gettysburg

bay
Darn the man who feeds out ruff-scuff, wood and wire |

Phat position in the Mormon economic system | phen tsherthe door behind me, drop the bar and
of woman being assured, then plurality of house. | drive the pin

keepers and child bearers Was notonly permisstble | and, with Jeff a-waggin’ after, log the foamin’ milk |
but godly, in order the more rapidly to ‘build up | palis In

Zion’

“Lifted right down to e the woman's
sphere of the Bazar and Ladies’ Home Journal
(which is Bok) is the Mormon sphere; it presumes

 

' That's the style of things to our house-—-marm and me
wed tpullup S
Until ev'ry erttter’s eatin’, from the cattle down to

tials,

 

 

the supemority of the male, the inferiority of the : Pup.
female; it necessitates the Supression of woman's | Then (he biskits and the spare-rid and plum preserves
individualism whenever and wherever it antag: | taste Bond

For we're feelin’, me and mother, that we're actin’
‘bout’s we should,

Iike or not, s'r, after supper mother sews another
pateh

And she says the duds look trampy, ‘cause she aln't
got Roods to match.

Fust of all, though, comes the meal bins and the hay-
mows, after those

i there's any extry dollars, wal, we'll see about some
clothes,

But tonight, why, bless ye, mother, pull the rug
acrost the door

— Warmth and food and peace and eomfort—let's not
pester God for more,

onizes or comes in competition with that of man;
itis the incarnation of egotism, selfishness, aud
ignobility of soul; this itis and nothing more |

if reduced to its constituents, in a philosophic
|
|

sen
"So we may well say

 

what drivel is this chatter
the woman question
And wemay add: when the flashlight of an aroused
public opinion reveals these women's ‘organs’
as the enemies of woman as women the Fool killer
will have two more scalps to add to his amazing
collection.”

IpA Hustrep HARPER,

THE NEW FRENCH THEATRE.

Rondeau,

From the Catholte Standard and Times,
‘To hold her hand that summer night
I strove against her sweet affright
She let one dainty finger tp
A moment rest upon my itp
To thrill me with delignt

Then, when we stood our love to plight,

Discouraging Prophecy (Concerning the Re-
constraction of the Intertor.

The French Government has decided to spend

$400,000 in rebuilding the Theatre Francais in

uJ i ir , ¢

Paris. It is announced that every m ern de- Our hearts in wedlnek to unite,

vice in theatre building will be emploved in order How sweet my sense of ownership,

to make the place as complete as possible. At To bold her hand!

present the new opera house at Christiania is Jong years Lah Paves i eng wanes flight!
: a + ensh ie mihi ae Tonight I'm sad and wretched quite

snid to be the finest in the world, so faras relating his weeping eye and swollen lip

to the comfort of the audiences, and also in its She'd not have swiped me such a clip,

wonderful equipment for making effective stage Had! but exercised my right

lo hold her hand!

The Whistling Boy.

Irom the Boston Courter

A mereban! wentin the summer time

Toa pleasant, peaceful, pastoral clime

Where the roadways ribboned the acres through
And the fruit of the farmer's labors grew

productions. Itis intended to make the exterior
of the Theatre Francais identical in every par
ticular with the old building, but the interior, if
present promises are fulfilled, will be the most
perfect possible. However, American archi
teet, who has just from aris, said
the other day that he had little hope of seeing
any such building because he believed it impos-
sible for the French when they once eet out to
reconstruct any historical character
to get far enourh away from the original to keep
in foveh with modern bleas

“| have no idea,” he said, “that the new Theatre
Francais will be in any particular an improve
ment over the building destroyed by fire. [ have
ne deubt that tts corndors will be just 4s cramped
and narrow, ite exits and entrances just as ineill
cient, and iis seating arrangements quite as un
comfortable as these used tu be in the old theatre
The new Opera Comique proved how impossible
itis forthe Brench people to get away from their
Ad ideas, Thousands and thousands of dollars
were spent in the building of that theatre. It
teok so long to ereet that the building became
the butt of Paris humorists. Finally it was
opened to the public and found unsatisfactore
Important alterations have already been made
In itand others are necessary obody seems to
know why the place is so unsatisfactory as the
architects were not hampered in any way. It is
not possible ty see the stage from half the boxes
The seating capacity of the theatre is so small
that itis dificult to make it self supporting, while
the stage is so cramped that the actors are com
pelled to remain in their dressing rooms until
the time for their appearance arrives

‘Tam inclined to think that their reapect for
tradition and convention and their inability to
get far away from what they have been accus
tomed to will produce the same result in the case
of the new Theatre Francais. and that it will not
be in any way an improvement on ite predecessor.”

an

returned |

He walled along where the hidden choirs
Tossed plaintive notes to the vibrant wires
Of Zepherus, that caught the thrill

And flashed its sweets o'er grove and Bill

edittee of a

His senses woke toa measure new,

\ hallowing peace did bis mind {mbue,
And he paused as he felt tts benefice
Like @ spirtt passed to the realms of bilsa.

 

As there he stood in the bowered way,

He caught the notes of a happy la

That came froma lad in the corn Held wide,
Who whistled the while his hoe he plied

Ile watched the boy as from hill to hill
He swune the hoe with a sturdy will,
And the harder he worked the fuller vent
He gave to his lips’ accompaniment.

“Ab, there,’ sald the merchant, by Impulse Dade,
“is ason of man whom work makes giad!"
Then he went to the bos In tattered blouse
Aud engaged him to work In his counting house.

The youth took hold with Industry grim,

But he brought his whistle along with Alm,

And in Just two days its charm Gave o'er,

And the whistler was kicked through the office door.

 

 

New Men.

TO TAB EDITOR oF THE SUN -Sir: Reese Biis-
tard isa Judge at Granssville, W. Va. ‘Till Reiss ts
secretary of the faj: at Greenville, Pa., and Epb Pan-
cake is the faipsecretary at London, ar.

FinpLar, Case, April 16,

 

‘

eS

| been

Hut as the oMcers formed about & per cent. of the
Strength, and lost about 6 per cent., it would appear
that their los# was about 1,300. The British losses
In killed, wounded and missing upto Mareh } amount
ed to 12,834

Has Congress provided for @ obAtional criebration
in this year of the establishment of the seat of Govern-
ment in the District of Columbla? If so, when does
it take place? CHARLES KDWARDS.

Congress has not provided for a national celebra
tion, but under Mr. Hoar's management a committee
from the Senate, the House and the residents of the
District of Columbia will celebrate the transfer of the
seatof Governmentto Washington la Decembes

1 Has Rudvard Kipling’s "Light That Fallea”
comovrighted in this country? 2 Wheoa a
playwright dramatizes a book is it mecessary for
him to enter into @ le@al contract with the author
before he has a right to putlton the stage*® M. J

1 Yes; when iteame out first, and again recently

2 It will be cheaper in whe loug rua to do sa,

Election comes on the 6th of November this year
and my birthday on the &ih, making me 21 years of
age. My frlend says | can vote for President, but |
don't agree with him as my birthday comes two days
after election day ALFRED RADER

Your friend is wrong. If your birthday was Nov.
7, you could vote om Nov. 6: but the law ts not con-

sistent, and you are born a day too late.

Kindly inform me where the poem, “The Pillar
Towers of Ireland,” can be obtained. | saw {t in ad
old book fn use tn Catholic schools thirty years ago

No LD,

The poem ts by Denis Florence MacCarthy, and
was published between forty and fifty vears aga
It is in Part VIIT. of the Standard Recitations.

Which concern, the Elswick In England of the
Krupp in Germany, employs the greater number of
men? howe

The Krupp works at Kasen; they employ about
25,000 workpeople to the 15,000 of the Elawick works,

1. How are the aeediess nave! oranges propagated’
2 Where can I find the rest of the poem, of which
the following is the first verse?
“There is a little mystic clock,
Though outof humaa sight,
That beateth on and beateth on,
From morning until night”

1, By cuttings 2 We do not kaow

A HA

1. A bets B that the name Lisle, as applied to eerr-
tain kinds of hosiery, is used to designate the weave
or stitch used in maoufacture, BH says that the name
Viste is simply @ trademark 2 Can you give me
as information as to the natlonality of the name
wisie =A maintains thatit was originally French

HU

1. As originally used, the name was given to “a
fine hard twisted linen thread” made at Lille or L'Isle,
{in France. The name is simply a commercial
name now not a trademark In law, however.
The name Lisle or Lille is French, and means “the
{sland.” the reference is to the islands tn the river
Dewe, on which the city stands

*

We regret an errorinananswer last Sunday. Dur
ing the winter, Dee. 21 to March 21, the earth isncarest
to the sun, though the Northern Hemisphere is turned
from (he sun so (hat It does not get its rays directly,
but at an oblique angie. The earth requires time to
throw off the heat absorbed during the summer, this
fact accounts for the chief cold of winter coming after
Dee. 21 as @ rile We thank Mr. Hale for his
correction

In answer to G. |. C.'s second question In today's
tesue | would suggest that the poem, “The Little
Woman,” may be the one of which Longfellow made
a translation under the title of “Praise of Littl Wom
en.” the original being by Juao Rulz de Hita The
traosiation was made in 1453, the poem ts In Long-
fellow's collected works JR B.

7. D. L.—Theodore Larbig was killed on June
27, 1801.
Lilian H. S.—The name Swart is of Dutch origin

 

and means black: cfr. the German Schware.

A. B. C.—Typewritten matter te not printed mat | » iake of

ter, and canoot go through the mails ae suck,

So tt Was not open to the public thirty years

Was not opened watil

home from sehool he lifted the pigeon eorefully
from the egg. to seo if the rats had iovaded the
coop during bis absence and devoured the em
bryo. Buteach time, os the pageon coved a tlut
fering protest against the liberty and readjusted
herself, Mickey ran inte the shanty to carry
the glad udings of security and serenity tu his
mother
Meanwhile there was a good deal of specula
tion in Mickey's mind #4 to the sex, heredity and
general character of the contents of the eggshell,
a deileious myslety as to whether ap infant ban
fam, © bunch of anunated down representing
the Cochin China breed, or a youthful scion of the
lordly house of Leghorn would salute him with
querulous peepings os he come home from se hi
with winged feet some bneht afternoon And
as the day drew near for the expected momentous
j event to occur, Mickey lifted the eg@ with tender

 

 

   

cam and placed it to his enn He wos waiting
to hear the chicken breathe, as he explained to
his mother later And Mrs. Finn. out ef that
| fine appreciation of pigeon pottie, which only

those fed Labtually on corned beef and cabbage
enn feel, soothed her boy with gentle words and
caresses, aud told him that the mystenes of na
ture were beyond the penetration of the wisest
of men, adding with a nod of conviction

“No, Mickey, me boy. not even President Mchin-
ley could tell will yourchicken be # bin ora rooster
by lookin’ at the egg. Nor could he tell anny-
thing about the egg by lookin’ at the chicken,
so there you are, as the goose said whinsheswal
lowed the red hot borseshoe nail But vou can
rest aisy ‘twill pot be a pigeon Se rin along
and play leap frog wid the goat, and don't be
bally raggin’ me God help us. we are all poor
_ and nothin’ comin’ in but the nanny's
milk.’

But one afternoon late in June when the bum
blebees were stealing honey and the butterfies
spread their golden gossamer wings like argosies
sailing over sunlit Seas, the mystery was revealed,
An tafant chicken broke its calcareous environ

piece of shell clinging to iis back. It was an
unusuAlly vigorous bird, with a strong beak
and a pair of keen, inquisitive eyes The pigeon
was alarmed at the proportions of her offspring
and also atits impudence and self reliance
like the usual pigeon baby it refused to remaia
in the nest, but jumping out started like Uly-ses
in search of adventure ‘The pigeon followed
the chicken with motherly love, hovering overit
but the feathered knight errant was oblivious
to her care and started in to hustle and seratch
for himself

There was no happier bey in the world than

the yard. while the pigeon sat on the fence and
watched its erratic course with tender solieitude
So lively was the youngster that it required ten
minutes of hard work on the part of Mickey to
throw his cap over itand take the chicken into
the shanty for closer inspection. The pigeon
flew in at the door and perched upon the mantel
The chicken stood upon Mickey's palm with a
calm confidence which was surprising in one
so young and tender
his mother, while his face glowed with pride end
satisfaction. But in proportion as the boy Was
teased with the chicken the pigeon was puzzled
fer instinet taught ber there was something
wrong with her child) The infant was so wild
and headstrong that it did not accept the eentle
counsel of ite mother, nor would it be fed as pigeons
usually are in their extreme vouth. It was al
most pitiful to see the puzvled look on the mothers
face as she watched her self reliant offspring
foraging for worms under the currant bushes
and vigorously seratching among the debrisin
the back vard, And as the chicken grew and
' thrived it developed a strength of character which
was ulterly at variance with the gentleness of
{ts foster mother, HBesides, it began to assume
hysical attributes which indicated that. it he
es ed two the haughty rulingsex. Small knobs
made their appearance on its legs near the feet,
and an insipient comb began to sprout upon its
head. This ruddy decoration provoked the re
mark from Mrs. Finn, “Heorra, ‘tis a Shanghai
rooster.” The rooster seemed to grow at the
rate of three inches every day, and developed
an appetite which no amount of feeding could
appease, So greedy, indeed, did it heeome, that
not even its own mother was pernitied to eat
from the same dish. It afforded Mickey a never
ending source of delight to watch the relations
| exisiing between these two birds
happenings every day which cseaped the atien
tion of his more heedless mother One aflernoon
he boldiv asserted that he had actually seen the
rooster deliberately kick the pigeon and cause
her to turn three somersaults. Such ingratitude
seemed ridiculous to Mrs. Finn, but Mickey as
serted that it was true, and that the pigeon had
crept under «a currant bush and sobbed as if tis
heart were breaking

By the Airstof October the chicken had developed
into a bird of extraordinary height and teanness
Its legs were covered with feathers and its body

 

was as angular as that ofanarmy mule. Meat
while the mother bird) was filled with serrow at
the erratic conduct of her wayward son She

would perch upon the dividing fence separating
the Finn estate from O'Brien's half acre with
a where is my-wandernng boy to night look in
her eves, while he invaledthe neighbors warden
and ruthlessly stole the lettuce as the Norsesien
despoiled the coast of Brittany ‘The wavrard
rooster also developed pugilistic inelinations
and dominated the yard. Mickey regarded this
with delight, as be bimself was the best
wrestler in school, But Mrs. Finn began to
look upen the chicken with disfavor because
of his lack of gallantry toward his faithful
little mother, and she resolved that he should be
' killed and made into savory pot pie for the Christ
masdinner, But she did nottell Mickey of herde
termination, as she knew he would resent it with
tears and protestations, And astheeoid December
winds swept down the valley she fed the chieken
all he could eat, with the idea of makin
him fat and juicy for the pot. The greedy mn

ieee eabuesseeaipsnilttintniniesialseeenesisensnianteneiacnnsintammnmenesion

weifish bird forced his cooing mother away from
the dish with savage thrusts of his crmel beak

and gormed himeelf, thereby covering his bones
with those tender morsela of white and black
meat which are so toothsome when fished from
avy with a fork. But all through

the y and contumely put upon ber by

ment and stepped out into the sunlight with a |

Uw |

Mickey when he saw the chicken running: around ,

as he extended it toward |

He saw queer |

 
 

   

ber son the Rigeon remained faithful to het elans

offsprin, She cooed him to sleep at night and

wakened him in the morning with gentle caresses
to secure the early worm

The day before Christmas dawned bright and
cheerful. As soon as Mickey had gone ty one

Mrs, Finn took the hatchet used to split’ we

into the cellar and sharpened it on the grind-

stone, Just before noon Mrs. Reilly came in
“Tm @woin’ to kill the rooster,” sad Mrs. Finm
“Why! asked her neighbor
“Hekase he's that dignacious to his poor mother
| I can't bear him any longer, and I'm going to
ut his head off,’

The pireon was seated on the back of & chair
during this conversation, but when Mrs, Helly
wentoutthe pigeon followed Halfan hour latter
Mra Pian searched the coop, peered into the cel-
lar and invaded the yards of all her oelghbors
wel the hatchet in her hand, but both the roos-#
and the pigeon were minsing, At l2o'clock Mickey

  

 

 

came rushing breathlessly into the Shanty,
| exclaiming
“Mother mother’ the chicken and pigéon ei

they I saw the chicken runnin’ down the ro
| ikea runaway borse and the pigeon sittin on bie
back like a sojer

LIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWS,

Few people who have observed the aolemnity
and never falling attention to his own pose and
bearing of Plopcon, the bass singer, cat have
imagined that be had wit; yet arecentineident
in Boston proved it. A member of the freshe
mao clusa at Harvard stands about 6 feet 6
inches high. Following the custom of the
freshman year, whon the opera comes to Bose
| ton, this voung giant, with anumber of classe

mates, entered himself as “supe,” the opere
being “Faust.” His stature marked him for @
commandant of the guard, and, with tal! highe
heeled Loots on his feet and a towering helmet
jon his bead, he 7 feet ia
'

!

 

rose far above 7
height. When Plancon, first mingling with
the crowd behind the scenes saw this Colossus,

for a moment he gazed in wonder” Thea
gravely, but respeetfully, stepping before him,
he lited his eyes and said “Je suis le pets
Plangon. Et vous’

Straw hats have already made a tentative
appearance in the shop windows, and the indie
cations are that the small hat, which has for
several years been regarded as the smarteay
kind ot straw headgear, will not be iy favor
| thitseason. Lastsummer it looked as if the

 

elfort hud been to make the hat as emallas it
poss bly could be and vet cover the head.
These were supposed to follow clofely the
London stvles, but as a matter of tact ther
Were very much smaller than the heats worn
in London for several years, and while New
York men, exacting in matters of dress,
Were getting the style of their hate smaller
every summer, just the reverse was the
rule in London, where they have been for
several years past of @ size that would have
bean regarded as hopelessly out of the mode
here. The reaction hus appareutiy aet io, how.
ever, and this year’s hats will be larger in every
particular. They will again be made of rough
straw, higherin the crown and broader in a
brim, It is not likely that the extreme ol
fashion will every carry the makers to a point
of reviving the broad brims that ware Dree
valent several vears ago and did such deadly
work in the cable cars and other public eon.
veyances, Ttseems sustas likely, on the other
hand, that the days ot the diminutive brim and
low crown are gone, for the present, at least

 

 

 

The destruction of Chickering Hall, which te
to begin, will remove the of the
downtown music halls, as Steinway Hall has

s00D last

 

not been used for some years asan audience
room for musicalentertainments. Chlekering
Hall was opened aquarter ofa century ago

and was for many yeara the scene of some of
the most brilliant concerts ever givehin the

city, During recent years its trilliant pere
formances have been few and it hasbeen given
over to concerts of modest and miscellaneous
characte!

Charlies Haddon Chambers, who was teported
tobe engaged to Mme, Melba, came to the
United States several years ago to look after
the production of one oft his plays bere and
made afayorable impression on all those who
eame in contact with him, Mr. Chambers is 40
years old, but looks younger, us he is slight and
youthful in figure. He was born in Australia,
where Lis father was inthe elvil service. Mr.
Chambers was educated at Sydney and bagan
life as astockrider inthe Bush, Later he be-

came a journalist. and after he settled per-
manentiv in tss0 in London began to write
} playsand stories, His moat sucecssfal drama
} was “The Tyranny of Tears,” acted by Johr
| Drew last autuein, although be bas had gener.

! ‘
(ally arether prosperous career aga dcamatist

; The fact that Mr. Chambers has been married
for some time seems to dispose of the rumor of
his cogagement tothe Australian prima donne
whom be has known for years.

David Bispham preceded the second part of
his concert at Mendelssohn Hall on Monday
afternoon with @ brief statement of his plans,
delivered with so much seriousness and with
such an evident conviction of its profound ime

| portance that the wudience, after hearing the
first words spoken ina tone ladeh with signifi.
cance and feeling, listened ip suspensé to wnat
was to follow. Mr. Bispham then proceeded to
! deny with great solemnity and emphasis that
he intended toleave the concert stage and bee
come anactor, This story was started inthe
first place to attract attention to Mr. Bispham,
and was never taken seriously by persons
who thought of it a second time. Mr,
| Bispham woald probably make very little
suceess as an oaetor, if he dil decide
to devote himself to that fleld. Very few
operatic performers would ever be aeceptable
on the dramatic stage. Victor Maure!, sincehe
lost his voice, has trequentiy been Uure@ed to
become an actor, but has declined on. the
| ground that his southern accent shows iteelf
| When hespeaksin public, and on the further
| ground that operas and operatic deting are
Afferent, and that he has devoted himself toe
exelusively to one fleld to expect to succeed In
; another, Mr, Bispham probaoly thought bie
| explanation necessary on Monday, aa he was
about to recite “Bnoeh Arden.” He did that
well, but inthe way that abuodred other elos
j entionists would have recited it, The reettas
tion is the least diMleult form of dramatic exe
pression and liaseven lost its hold in church
basements and summer hotels, Ability in that
| direetion woud be poor equipment for a career
as ap actor

“You ean't always tell about the usefulness
oflaws, sald aman who overheard the cone
demnation of the Savings bank law. “I was at
the circus last night and | «aw a woman’a life
You know those nets that are

out uuderneath the trapeze

| saved by law
| always apread

acted, Well, lost night at the cireds in the
iniddle of oneof her actsa femalenerobat made
The next instant she wae falling
the build.
Was, she

! while the performance is going op? Well,
| they are there because the law requires
{ them. Circus performers and cirens managers
ought the making of thot law. They were
| willing to have them there when the perform.
| ers wanted thein, but wnen performers were
| willing to do their acts withont the eafe-
| guard they didn't want to he forced to have
} the nets. A performance without anet is, of
| course, more thrilling, But the law was en-
!
|

| alittle slip
head-down from almost the roof ot
ing The net saved ber life. As it
wns badly shaken up.”

| Po! Plancon is the most dignified of artiste
|

 

on the operatic stage and his accustomed
solemnity of manner haa gained for him the
title of the greatest of high priests in opera,
Even in concert he seems as unbending as
ever, but he is capable of being facetious and

on the stage at that During the engagement
ofthe overs company tn Koston he was sings

      

 

  

ing Mephiat dex Ope ofthe superpumera-
l ries was a Marvard  undéreraduate. who
' followed the usual habit and adopted
that traditional method of heafing the
| work e wie & scung giant some
1 feet tall to judge from his appearance
lin the high boots and other details that the
} costumer provided Hie towered above the
famous French basso Whose attention was at-
tracted 4% we saw the vox man,
} Eyeing him wi mination, Mephistopheles
aprroached aud tr iupathim
eau de petit | rn he said with @
pyiile, “Whoare you?
Up-to-Date Blacksmith Aprons.
rom the Philadelphia Record
On Paster Monday morning the tlackemitha

a)! over the land, following on imumencrial cue.
tom, put on new leather aprons They do this
| twice a year, at the Easier and Christras boli
days. Dealersexpectitofthem, andlay inagrent
stick in advance The most recherche black
smiths apron is now made of sheepshin it has
a diamond shaped bib to cover the preast, but
fashion dictates that this should not be worn up,
but should fall from the waistdown ovef (he stem
ach carelessly ‘The apron fastens vehind with two
| brass buttons, and comes in three colors-— white,
lemon and tan The white one, which ws affected
| by the younger and more modish sort of black
smith, is reenforced and padded at the knees
for horseshoeing and such like work This is
anelfentnancy disdained by the austere and @ardy
blacksmith of the old seboo! ‘Though all aprona
are slit up the middle to the thigh, they still con
tinue to be sold unslit It is because the manw
facturets are not progressive, An apron cos
$1 and last about six montha