pe ES

ee

ner mene

 

 
     

 
 

WILD CHASE FOR LUKBAN.

GEN. KOBBE'S BXPEDITION 10 CAP+
TURE A FILIPINO DESPOT.

 

His Headquarters Were in Catbalogan: The
Tewn Burned Whea the Americans Came
~Ag Exciting Time by the Soldiers and
Gallers ia Saving Two-Thirds of It~Troops
Fired on From the Hills-Splendid Shoot-
ing From the Gaaboate-A Stirring Night
Scoating Party With a Fierce Hand-to-
Hand Combat--A Long Chase Upon a River
With Waterfalls and (Gorges After the
Rescal Lakban-Stream Lined With Aban-
dened Household (00d -His Almost
coosible Arsenal Found--Part of His Money
Abandoned Soldiers Left Hot on His Trail.

MANILA, Feb. 17.—Trouble had been promised
to the Americans when they came to Catbalogan,
and for once Lukban kept his word. He is 4
renegade Japanese Mestiz, and by all reports
a raacal fit for Oswald's description, “noth-
ing but the combination of a knave, beggar,
coward, pander, thief,” and all the rest of that able
denunciation even to “worsted stockings.” It
was almost a year ago that the stories began to
come up to Manila of the doings of this Vicente
Lukban, the ingurgent commander for the islands
of Samar and Leyte. One of our gunboats visited
Tathelogan and brought back accounts of the
eonditions there which showed that the people
would not long be happy under Mr Lukban's
style of independence. So it went from bad to
worse. There were reports of extraordinary
measures to derive revenue, and of the amassing
ot @ very large sum for the personal profit of Luk-
ban. For a time he made his headquarters at
Tacloban, in Leyte, but the final choice was Cat-
balogan.

When Gen. Kobbe left Manila a month ago
with the expedition destined to open the hemp
ports his information was to the effect that Lukban
would endeavor to fight at Catbalogan, and when
he was whipped would set fire to the town. (Gen.
Kobbe dedred very much to prevent the destruc”
tion of the place, and finally determined, against
his inclination, to send in a fag of truce and see
{f Lukban could not be brought to some sort of
terma We steamed into the little harbor very
early im the morning, soon after daylight. The
Nashville, with Gen. Kobbe on board, the Helena
and the Mariveles led. Then came the Venus,
with Major Allen's battalion of the Forty third,
whieh was to garrison the place After that
were the Salvadora, with (ol. Murray and the
rest of the Forty-third; the Aeolus, which had
left Gilmore's battalion at Calbayog the day be
fore; the Castellano, and the big Garonne, with
the horses and artillery

Early as it waa they were astir on shore. As
we drew well in we made out the British red en
sign floating over a big building down on the
beach, with a sign ont which proclaimed to be
the property of Smith, Bell & Co., 4 Manila house
Then aa if the red ensign were not enough they
ran up a white one at the beach corner What
they were doing with a British man o-war flag
we never found out. It was a very pretty town
the bast we had seen inthe islands. Weil sheltered
from the seatby a deep bay, protected by several
emall, heavily timbered islands, it lay in the lap
of the hills that stretched in a ring all about it an
almost three-quarter are of a circle

The little level spot where the town stood was
hardly more than a mile in length or breadth.
The hills rose, precipitous and rough, within
pasy range of the gunboats As a general thing
they were covered with a thick tangle of tropic
vegetation, but no very large timber Two of
{bem were bald. Aboca had been grown on their
crests. The plants had been stripped recently
As we came close to the shore we saw a collection
ot substantial, well built houses, most of them
of stone or wood, with fron roofs. The church
geomed well kept and the convent was large, with
an ornamental! bell tower at one corner. It seemed
@ prosperous self-respecting town.

The ships stopped and we saw men in the win-
dows of the English house and men in the streets
Some women were there also, but most of them
were moving out with their household goods in
bundles on their heads. At the left, or north end
of town, a bridge showed where the river came
down from the hills. At {ts left rose a little hill
on the top of which stood a flagless staff, near
what looked to be anemplacement for guns. Some
of the men in the streets were {n uniform and one
wore shoes, the distinguishing mark of an officer
The boats were lowered away and the men got
ready to take their places in them, A steam launch
from the Nashvilie came alongside for Major
Allen. Gen. Kobbe was in tt. It took Major
Allen over to the Mariveles, which was lying close
to the beach in front of the English house. Then
we made out @ small white flag down at the street
corner near where the British white ensign was
flying. It looked like a good sized handkerchief
etuck up on a long cane.

As @ small boat with a white flag at the how
pulled away from the Martveles the men on the
Venus began to get into the boats. They
carried belts and canteens with one day's ra-
tions in their haversacks. Major Allen was
in the boat going ashore. We watched him
reach the beach and meet the insurgent offi-
cer. They shook hands and disappeared into
the Englishman's house. A man came down
the street and replaced the handkerchief with
a large white flag. It looked like a table cloth
The morning was cloudy and cool, with occas-
{onal splashes of mist and occasional rifts of sun-
shine. A strong breere was blowing straight
off shore from the hills.

Major Allen found that the officer who met
him was a Second Lieutenant. When asked where
Gen. Lukban was, he said he didn't know, Nor
could he tell why Lukban had not remained to meet
the Americana, or when he or where he could be
reached by a messenger. He wanted to know
what the Americans wanted and Major Allen told
him they wanted the town, and peaceably. Then
the Major told him something of the extent to
which our cause had been successful in Luzon
and elsewhere, and how thoroughly the insur-
rection was broken. The Lieutenant said that
he had no authority to treat for the surrender
of the town, nor would he giveitup. They would
fight to the last. Major Allen saw that it was
simply a scheme to gain time, and suspecting
that they were already at work firing the town,
he went back to his boat and pulled with all speed
for the Mariveles. As he shoved off a man came
out of the street and knocked down the pole with
the white flag. The launch was waiting for
the Major and he jumped in and came quickly
toward the Vernus. One line of boats had
been made fast to the one of steam launches al-
PNady, and was straightened out ready to start
in. The other boats were ready as soon as the
line could be passed. The Major's launch came
by the head boat of the line and the Major jumped
in. A boarse voice was shouting from the Nash-
ville, “Steam launch there, land the troops at
once,” Some one shouted as the line was passed,
“Look there, see the smoke!” and we were off
Gen. Koppe who had gone back to the Nashville
when the Major started ashore, had got the sig
nal from the Mariveles and had given the order
to land. The launches started ahead under
jingle bells and as we passed“under the bow of
the Nashville we saw smoke rising in three places
in town. Then flames burst from the windows
of what looked to be the finest house in theiplace

DASH FOR THE sHORi

The Nashville drew off a little to the north
and manned the starboard battery The Helena
lay well down at the south, on the right, and
the Mariveles came close in to the beach pro-
tecting the boats. The hoats went straight in.
The 1-pounders in the bows of the launches
were manned and ready, and the men in the boats
loaded their rifles and magazines. Some one
in the forward boat passed the range, “400 yards'”
Soon it went down to 300, then 200, then point
blank. Smoke kept coming up in new spots
in the town, and the men began to swear at the
scoundrelly work. The launches were doing
their best, but with five or six big boats in tow,
went in very slowly, although it seemed longer
then it really was before the launches cast off
their tows. The oars were ready and with a
few strokes the boats hit the beach. Instantly
the men were leaping into the water, not waiting
to run forward to get it as shallow as possible,
and splashing and yelling, we all ran ashore
and spread out along the beach Major Allen's
long le@®& helped him out of the water about the
first man

No time was lost in getting to work. Itwasas
{f Major Allen had practised the thing beforehand,

  
 

Detachmenta went out of the different streets
on the run after the few insurgents who disappeared
into the forest as we came upfrom the beach.
thase who were not sent on this chase went at the fire
on the jump, In the heart of the town one large
stone building was covered with signs, showing
it to have been a drug store and a store house
for paints and oils, and tar. Smoke was pouring
from its upper story, but the men hammered in
the lower doors and made a gallant effort to get
out what property they could. A glance showed
how thoroughly the scoundrels bad done their
work. ‘The whole town, with theexception of the
Englishman's house, was sbut and locked up.
In many of the big houses fire had been started
and the smoke was curling out of cracks and
crevices below and aloft, Three or four were
ao far gone that nothing could be done but let them
burn. The men had nothing with which to work
except their hapds. They broke open houses
as fast as they could and in some cases were quick
enough to get the fires out

The rascal incendiaries bad made bundles
of straw bedding mate saturated with oil and used
them as kindling. But it takes a lot to start the
hard wood used in these houses and many more
were saved than seemed possible at first, Many
were lost simply because of the high wind, The
Englishman said that in a residence of several
years he had never known it to blow so hard.
The convent was soon 4 mass of flames and there
were several fires ip the old church, Every altar
had its bundle of blazing bedding, but the men
got them out. Finally a party of sailormen
came with axes and climbed along the roof girders
cutting away the fire which had crept in from the
convent. So late in the afternoon the ehureh
was saved to give some Atkinsonite 4 chance
to how! about its desecration by vandal feet.

As soon as the boats were free they went back
to the Venus for the rest of Allen's battalion,
and 4 little later part of Andrews's battalion
was landed t> help fight the fire, The streets
tecame intensely hot, and were filled with flame
and masses of black suffocating smoke. Fortun-
ately the cantre of the town was all iron roofed,
so that the fire did not spread with anything like
the rapidity it reaches in thatched districts,
The men got such beams and heavy timbers
as they could use and begin to batter down build
ings {n the path of the fire, but it soon became
evident that it would go before the wind clear to
the beach. It was too hot to fight it from
leeward. At cost of some desperate work in heat
and smoke the men saved a lot of baled hemp
from the lower story of one doomed building,
rolling it up the street for eafety. They watched
closely the side streets where it seemed that the
fire could be confined, and kept it within those
limits, losing only one building outside them.
They made a brave, hard fight for the Englishman's
house, but it stood where it caught the full force
of the whole mass of fire inland of it and nothing
could save it, Meanwhile the scoundrels who
had run away had crawled part way up the hills to
he north and east and were potting into the streets
with Mausera. The result was that every now
and then a small detachment of fire fighters had
to quit their work, pick up their rifles and chase
these rascals back, or scare them into quiescence

While all this was going on the men who were
going after the insurgents were having hard and
exciting work. The “Gugus” had fled up the
hills to the east and south and our men went afier
them. The trails were narrow paths, crooked
as a thief’s conscience, and slippery from the heavy
dew. Sometimes {t took hands and feet both
to get up there. The slopes were very steep
and the pace was heart-breaking, ©n top of the
hills the insurgents had mounted a lot of old mur
zie loading cannon, which they kept fring The
charges all went over the heads of our men aweep-
ing up the stiff slopes, but they filled the air with
wild, disconcerting boise Whenever one of
these guns was fired a series of answering roare
would come from the bay, and the Nashville and
Helena would send their dinch shrapnel shriek
ing after the scoundrels Throughout this the
men worked with hearty good will and it was
cheerful and inspiring to hear them swear as
they described the various kinds of punishment
with which they would like to reward Lukban
andhisgang. Shooting was hardly ever thought
of as anywhere near adequate, From the town
they could be heard crashing and swearing and
cheering up the hills, yelling like football crowds
when the navy shrapnel landed ahead of them,
and all the time keeping a terrific fire from their
Rrags, searching out the brush before them
At last the noise from the hills stopped, and the
town knew that it was over so far as that sort
of fighting was concerned

FINE NAVAL SHOOTING

Some of the naval gun practice had been superb.
One instance occurred on one of the bald knobs
east of town, straightin from the bay, A man
with a rifle started to use it. A little behind him
came two others. The hill was high and com
manded a perfect view of the town, The men on
{t could see all our fellows at work at the fires,
and if the guns they had were Matsers they could
They went well out on the cleared
space and sat down, Some one on one of the
gunboats had seen them. There was the bark
of a 6-pounder and 4 shell whistled up on the hill
Then another came along and struck a few yards
below where the three men sat. Two of us with pow-
erful glasses were watching the thing intently and
we saw no one move after the three men sat down.
A third shell came and both of us who were watch
ing exclaimed together, “It Ht in his lap.” "The
fourth shell struck a little at the right of the third,
and the fifth a litle at the left. ‘There waa no
more firing. Nor was there any movement on
the hill.

reach Us

into the hills to the north of the town, and all
day there was occasional firing into town from
that direction. The gunboats replied spasmod
ically with all sorts of guns, and the Nashville's
launch went in close and had fun with her 1-
pounder. Late in the afternoon, when the sun
had come out and the air was clear the Nashville
made out some men with rifles moving through
the brush on the northern bills, She went
in pursuit with 4-inch shells and the next after-
noon they gathered up some insurgent frag ments
up there and gave them decent burial

By a little after noon it was evident that the
fire had reached its limits. The old church was
the only building still threatened which might be
saved, and appeal was made to the gunboats
for a landing party of sailormen, Men began to
come back from the bills and report what they
had seen and done. We had lost a man killed
and one badly wounded. There was no telling
what had happened to the insurgents. They
had left eight or ten old guns in their emplace
menton the crest of the southern hills and a house
packed full of all sorts of plunder, including the
finest Filipino clothing for both men and women,
quantities of rice, cloth and shoes and household
decorations, It was astore that would have held
half the town possessions, and the heap looked
as if they were all there. Around the crest of the
hills a narrow footpath ran through the brush.

Major Allen ordered nearly the whole of two
companies to stay up there and stand outpost
along that trail The Englishmen in town had
told bim that it bad been Lukban’s plan all along
to burn the town and get out into the hills, where

}
|
our outpost line would necessarily be very long

pS

and slender. Then he would attempt to rush
the place at night. Having carried out the first
part of bis plan so strictly, Major Allen felt the ne
cessity of guarding againat the execution of the
second partof it. The men who stayed in town
were assigned to quarters as quickly as could
be done, and by the middle of the afternoon were
polishing up their barracks and getting them into
Then there was the bard work
of getting the supplies up. The boats had been
busy all the time. As soon as they had finished
taking men asbore, they bad bewun on the stores
and baggage... Thirty days’ rations fora hattalion
with all the battalion and company baggage
makes a mighty big pile heaped up along a little
stretch of beach. Itkeptthe sailormen and a
emall detachment fromeach company busy getting
the stuff on shore
EXCITING SCOUTING AT NIGHT

Late in the afternoon some of the men from the
Salvadora were sent ashore to help on the outpost
work for the night, for Allen's men were nearly
worn out Major Andrews went out with his
men, 4nd they had a fearful “hike” over the blils,
but met no enemy and had no work but the “hik
ing.” Taeut. Gordon Johnston -son of the Con
federate General Johnston of \labama~— the chief
of scouts, took his men out on a trafl where none
of the Americans had been.

liveable shape

It was absolutely

All |

 

ae anes

black darkness, and the trail over the steep hills
was narrow, slippery and crooked, and full of
stakes and other obstructions. Much of the way
the scouts were down on thelr hands andjknees,
crawling. Once the searchilght of the Nashville
found them and gave them a bad scare. They
were so far away they feared they could not be
distinguished as Americans, and they had no
desire to be the target for the gunboat’s shells,
They all stood up in a bunch and did not move
The Nashville examined them curiously for a
few minutes, and apparently satisfled herself of
their fdentity, for she did not fire ‘Then she
went on searching out the dark places in the hills
She and the Helena kept at itall night.

The first man in Johnston's little procession
was Sergt. Ebbert, a huge Tennessean, John
ston followed him. As they reached the top of
one bill and came to 4 little open place they made
outa small shack under a good-sized tree. helt
eyes had grown accustomed to the blackness,
and Ebbert whispered to Johnston that he thought
he saw @ man's hatin frontof him. The scouts
had been advancing in absolute silence. Indian
stalking was more exciting than going aftr deer
would have been, Ebbert alld forward cautiously
and reached out to see what was under the hat.
He put his band fairly in the face of a manasitting
on the ground with his back against a small sap
ling. Before the man could make 4 sound or 4
motion the hand of the blg American had slipped
down to the throat and shut up like a steam vise.
There wasn't a sound from the insurgent sen
tinel. But!n the effort to secure him thoroughly
with cordsfthe Americans'made a noise that startled
the rest of the outpost. Several men sprang up
from about the tree and ran into the shack, and
began to fire at random out of the windows. John
ston ordered his men not to fire back. He wanted
to catch the whole outpost alive. They tied up
FEbbert’s man so he could not run, and then, to
give them some light, they made a fire in front
of the shack, geting out of the way very quickly
after 1t was lighted so as not to give the men In the
shack a good target.

As soon aa the fire blazed up Ebbert and an
other man went into the shack. Instantly there
was 4 mis-up. Five or six Filipinos were there,
some with rifles and some with bolos, The rifle
men made a dash out of a window and tried to
run into the brush, but two of them were shot by
the Americans. Two bolomen stayed in the
shack and came at Ebbert and his mate viciously
Both Americans clubbed their guns, but they
were unequal to that sort of fighting, and quickly
found it out. So they got out. A little chap
witha big bolo was hot after Ebbert. The big
sergeant jumped down the steps from the door
A aoldier was standing beside the steps with his
clubbed rifle ready, and as the Httle insurgent
came down, the soldier struck at him beside the head
a blow that left him unconacious for hours, The
other boloman was badly battered up also before
he was taken

When it was all over the Americans had three
prisoners and two dead men. ‘They could not
tell how many, if any, escaped Some of them
stayed to guard the prisoners end the rest kept on
the trail, but flading nothing more they came back
and sat under the tree until daylight) Then
they started back to town, The first man cap
tured was a stocky little fellow who looked to be
in the best sort of condition, but when they got
ready to move he was dead, dead as a meckerel
absolutely lifeless, except that he had to Sreathe
If he only could have held his breath 4 little longer
they might have left him with the other two dead
men But they detected the slight motion of his
chest, and they felt his pulse, and they heard his
heart beat It didnt work, although it enme
near being a good game. He was alive all right,
but he couldn't be persuaded to move. Not even
the convincing application of a gad to the soles
of his feet could influence him He steadfastly
refused to help himself in any way. The two
who had been belted over the head were
made to carry him finally, and with one sthis
heels and one at bis head. they started down
It was a hard lood for them, and both had been
used hard at the time of their capture. They
protested to their burden, aud seemed to be inform
ing him that he was a cheat, but he kept on cheat
ing The Americans only laughed and made
them hurry up.

Finally they devised a great scheme. They
bumped the ploy dead against the trees they
passed, and once or twice dropped him unceremont
ously at rough places. At last they picked him
up by the arms and let his legs drag. ‘That an
noyed him for he opened his eyes, and when he
tried to close them again the lids fluttered in spite
of him. Finding that this wouldn't work the
two bearers changed ends with him
one heel and the other the other. They started
off with a grin and a yell, ond brought up quickly
with a yell from the victim. Having his head
dragged over a trail as rough as that was too
much even for a dead man, and he came to life
quickly and got on his feet. For some time he
made orations engrily to the bearers, who only
grinned and made sarcastic replies In monosy!
In bles that stirred his speech togreaterfury. When
he had exhausted his imaginative account of their
bringing up and ancestry he lapsed into sulky
silence. But he walked, that was the main point
When the party got to town and found on jaterpre
ter, it turned out that this chap was the sergeant
who had been In command of the outpost) He
had served a year in the army of Lukban and
knew all the country about Catbalogan. Major
Allen determ!ned to use him asa guide

This day the outposts were cut down consider
ably, Major Allen deciding from the night's ex
perlence that there was not so much danger of an
attempted rush as he had beentold. It had been

One

. ‘ | a very quiet night with hardly a shot from the
None of our men bad been sent across the river | es . " ,

outposts. The whole day was spent in geting
things into shape in town and getting the stores
and baggage housed. A large building where
Lukban had lived was taken asa hospital, Major
Allen chose the building thathad been used by
Lukban's club for his personal quarters The
companies occupied other large houses, and the
old insurgent headquarters was taken for the
guardhouse. Fifteen or twenty prisoners had been
picked up the day before and they were put to work
sweeping the streets and cleaning up generally,
lugging up stores from the beach, and geting
the debris of the fire piled upout ofthe way. About
fo third of the town was in ashes, the central see
tion, which had been the most substantial, ‘The
horses were unloaded and a big four mule wagon
was Soon at work getting the stores and baggage
up from the beach. Blanket rolls were sorted out,
stoves set up, and the men got 4 square meal and
a place to putin o good sleep at night. An int
mense amount of hard work was accomplished,
for the Major meant to get bis place settled as
quickly as possible and then go up the river after
Lukhan, who, all reports agreed, had fled that
way to 4n arsenal {n the hills, a perfectly Impreg
nable position where he could give us 4 hard fight
After supper that night the Major sent word to all
company commanders that he wanted every
available man for the “hike next day. He would
start at daylight. They were to take only fifty
rounds, because it would be easier for the men
with one day's rations in the haversacks

The insurgent sergeant was to go as guide,
He had found a tongue which talked first rate
Spanish and had begun to show a willingness
to use lt. He was told that he must guide the
column to Lukban's arsenal and that if be did not
he would be shot. If he did his work well he
would be paid well
go along to see that the sergeant did not lie. There
upon the sergeant demanded to be clothed like
an American soldier, He divn't want either
side to mistake him.) That seemed to be a good
sign and a reasonable desire, so the clothes were
produced, brown trousers, blue flannel shirt and
campaign hat) A Chinaman who had lived
long in Catbologan and knew the country well,
was glad to go along to check the sergeant. He
had been assessed somewhat grievously by Luk
ban, and he grinned at the prospect of helping
to even things u

THR “HIKE’ FOR LUKBAN

Reveille went at half-past 3 and the dawn
came gray and drizzling. Nearly two hundred
men started with the first light to follow Major
Allen. ‘The way led across the bridge and then
eastward up over the hills) Branches beat the
menin the face, creepers tripped them up; stumps
and stakes made them stumble, and the heavy
clay of the trail had been made wet and slippery
by the dew, sothataman walked half as faragain
as he travelled. The pace was terrific, and
the line serambled along’too breathless even to
swear. Past the outpost where Johnston had can
tured the guide, on up another hill, then np one
ati!) hiwher, we weatjJand when the day wa: wide

 

took |

Also another guide would |

 
  

 
  

awake Catbologan and its ruins lay far below us,
At the foot of the hill where w» were the river ran,
and acurious spectacle was presented. Its course
was lined with the clothing and household goods
of those who had run away. Sometimes the boxes
and bundles were piled in confusion on the bank

Sometimes they were in small boats that bad been
run ashore, Sometimes the boats were adrift,
wandering aimlesaly up and down with the tide

Far across the valley, on the hilltops on the other
side we saw our outposts, ‘The heavy clouds
hung low and occasionally dropped 4 few moist
remarks to assure us of their presence and atten

tion, We crossed the crost of one hill and came
through a large aboca plantation. ‘The men,
who had never seen the like, began to talk about
the bananas.
alike, simp'y different members of the same fam

ily. Loose hemp was scattered all about, freshly
stripped. ‘The workmen had run away from their
little stripping shelters, sometimes leaving piles
of fresh cut stalks unstripped. ‘The little drying
yards were full of the loose, wind scattered fibre,
and occasionally there was a small shock with a
pile of the bright shiny stuff ready to be twisted
and baled to go to market, It was 4 revelation
as to the possibilities of these islands, for the land
where this richest product of the Philippines
grew in such profusion, was so rough and inac

for which it could be used

Nothing could be worse than this fearful hill
climbing, and it was very willfmgly that we turned
down into the river bed on the assurance of the
guides that that was theeasier route, The descent
was long and difficult, for the path was exceed
ingly slippery. But at last we struck the stream
It was a narrow tortuous channel, Sometimes
the bottom was mud, sometimes sand, sometimes
boulders, Sometimes the water was deep, some
times shallow, sometimes swift, sometimes al
most stagnant. ‘Through mud water and sand
and over the boulders the long line struggled
splashed and stumbled, Occasionally there was
4 halt while patrols were sent to force their way
to the tops of the hills on each side to see what
they could make out, At first these patrols tried
to keep even with the column in the river bed,
but the work was too much forthem, One patrol,
under a lieutenant, got away from the column
and couldn't get back, so it returned ta town

PARADISE FOR NATURALISTS

The sun broke through the clouds at intervals
in the early forenoon, but by 10 o'clock the day
turned definitely lead color. The gorge was
magnificent, Its sides rose at times almost verti
cally and always they were covered with heavy
growth of timber and underbrush, As we got
further up inland the timber increased in size
Many trees rose apparently a hundred feet in the
clear, their straight trunks unbroken by branches
until they reached a thick bunch atthe top. They
were covered with vines and creepers and all sorts
of parasitical life. It was the old homestead of
orhids The captain doctor walked on. air
His eyes were above him all the time. He saw
life in a thousand forms that day of which he
never had dreamed, He took the pitialls and
stumbling blocks of the heavy trail utterly regard
lass of consequences, His naturalist's soul was
in an ecstasy which took no heed of such incon-
veniences, ‘There were strange beautiful birds
flitting about and dozens of great black fellows
in the tall trees, with gorreous bright wings and
tails, and hoarse sepulchral voices: with whieh
they called to their fellows around the next turn
a@ raucous warning of theinvasion. ‘Two or three
times wild monkeys scrambled about in the trees,
Once, from under a slimy rock, well baek from the
stream, aheavy creencactuslike plant thrustout
along, slender arm with a beautiful.deep red flower
Fine black lines tipped the deep pe‘als,
The captain

atits end
and the heart was 4 soft gold yellow
doctor scrambled up te pick it and satdown in a
puddle of water to examine it. It seemed as if
the air was alive with butterflies, T had seen a

ice ci sc easier anamsmnansanan
tc ci eA eee cere

and marvelled at their beauty, but here were those |

{ great collection of them ceughtin central Lavon
|
|

which seemed far to excel
splendor anything in the Luzon low They were
of all sizes, but there were hundreds of huge black
fellows with magnificent reds and yellows in their
makeup. What fun there is in store for the cap
tain doctor’ He wouldn't exchange assignments
with any man in the army

If the river banks had been lined nearthe mouth
with thedisearded valuables of fugitives, there wer
places now where it was nearly blocked Tt was
amazing thatso much could have been taken from
50 small a town
had been going
island had turned out te help
the evidences of flight and demoralization and

in gorgeousness anc

Maior Allen saw

And it wasevident thatthe work |

| job at a soldier's pay

on for some time, orelse the whole |

sent back word to take in the outposts from the |

|

|

|

'

| hills and give the men a# chance to sleep

; was no danger of an insurgent attempt at rush

| ing the place. A lot of very hard work had been

| done in getting the boats of stuff so far up the

| river, and advaniage had been taken of the tide,
which backs up the river for a rise of several feet
We came upon some boats big enongh to cruise
about the island loaded full of trunks and boxes

| and bundles The Chinese guide let out a howl
of glee at sight of one of them and claimed it was
his own. It had been stolen from him, he said,
by Sinko, the Chinese mestizo, who was Secretary
of Lukban's monarchy. Sure enough, the goods
in it were in boxes and trunks bearing Sinko's
name Just beyond that there was a big house
fullof band instruments and music, ‘The sergeant,
who had become more and more communicative
as the line advanced, volunteered the information
that these were the instruments of Lukban’s mili
tary band There were about forty of them, of
good French make and well selected

The guide said that part way up the side of the

gorge in acertain place was a house where Luk ban
had had a lot of leather stored, for use in making
shoes, belts and barness A patrol went up,
found the house and 200 tanned hides
further along we came to a4 perfect fleet of boats,
some of which had part of Lukban's government
records in them. Just beyond this, the guard
said, we should find a house at the right where
there had been a4 sergeant’s outpost. It was
a halfway store house where goods brought up
in boats at high tide were unloaded and transferred
to the packers, who toted them on to the arsenal
We found the house and many boxes of all sorts

!

|

of stuff There was a stack of orders from Luk

There |

 

A little |

ban to the sergeant in command accompanying |

many lots of one sort or another of produce or
plunder Desides, there was a poor little dog
nailed to a box by a big spike through his left
hind foot. Three different soldiers tried to
him free and he bit each one. ‘Then as the Major
wouldn't allow him to be shot, he was left alone
in his agony
return the place should be burned
lot of petroleum init

The trail had been getting rougher and more
difficult as the bed of the streani narrowed
the gorge had been growing more wonderfully
beautiful. Now we heard a roar on ahead and
the guide said we should come to a waterfall, He
stuck to it that there was no road over the hills
except such 4 little footpath as we had eft for
the stream, and that this was less difficult than
that. The Chino agreed with him. and we had
the abundant evidence that this was the way
the insurgents themselves, and their friends
had fled Around a turn we came on a place
| where the water shot over a 25-foot cliff and fell
with a roar into @ deep pool. At one side of the
fall the natives had built a ladder across the slimy
slippery face of the almost vertical rock. Wewere
neeting the arsenal, and this was the place if
the Lukbanites ever intended to make a fight
The sides of the gorge were so precipitous and so
covered with tangle of brush and undergrowth
that ascent of them was out of | the
There couldn't have been a better trap
insurgents were getting oul of a trap themselves
and had no time to consider attempta to get any
one else in. The scouts went up the ladder
| cautiously and advanced slowly along the narrow
path at the top. Then one came back and sig

et

There was a

 

question

nalled the rest of us to follow. We kept climbing
steadily for some time now, with frequent small
falls of four or five feet to scramble by. (Once there
was a big one, with a double ladder,that led half
way up to a landing and then on to the top, Be
yond that 4 half mile or less the guides stopped
and exclaimed, “Seven minutes!” pointing ahead
to another fall, the biggest we had seen
The stream here was less than half as wid:
as the channel it had cut over and throuch the
rock ‘The men were gathered up as closely as
| possible and the scouts went on to try to recon
nolire above the fall without trying the long ladder

that led up at the left aide. From where we stond

 

* Hy a miracle it did not break

The Major ordered that on the |

and |

|
|
|
|
|
|

i feet long, by « foot thick and a foot and a half |

——<——

The two plants are very much |

cessible that one could not imagine another thing |

  

shack above us, The guide said softly that that |
was the arsenal |

One of the patrols winding up @ bill behind ua |
had caught a man at work with a clearing hook
cutting down brush. He was brought down and
the Chino said he was a soldier, ‘The guide shook
his head and denied it

‘How do you know’ asked Major Allen, “He
doesn't belong to either the Firat or Third com-
pony,” said the guide. “Il know them all.”

“But he may belong to the Second Company,”
said the Major

'No,” said the sergeant, “thatisin Calbayor.”

We knew that was the truth for we had found
the roll in Calbayog, #0 the prisoner was turned
loose after a while

CHE ARSENAL REACHED.

While this was going on the scouts had got
above the fall and found the arsenal deserted
So we went up the ladder and into the place very
cautiously, lest it be an ambush, But it wasn't
It was flight and nothing more, except that they
had burned all the huts that had surrounded
the arsenal. There were two long, wide sheds
in the arsenal, one on each side of the stream,
with a 25foot waterfall between them. In one
was a lotof heavy machinery, drills, punches and
lathes. Here were about fifty Work tables for reload
ing shells, and there was much copper and brass |
and tin lying around from which shells had been
made. Many old balls were lying about, and
the furnace showed that others had been melted
up, though for what purpose we did not find out

There were a lot of bolos unfinished and some
swords, with many guns of one kind or another
that needed repair, We had found some 12
gauge shells loaded with slugs at Catbalogan, |
and one man had been hit by one of the slugs
Here many more shells were found, both loaded
and empty, and some of the guns
There were several furnaces and forges. In
the other building there were several barrels of
material for making powder, and a large wooden |
vise, two beams of heavy, hard wood that looked |
like native mahogany, operated by a great screw
of the same wood. The beams were fourteen |
wide. This building was fired at once with all
the barrels and stuff that could be got where they |
woul burn. In the other building the machinery
was Smashed and the forges and furnaces de- |
stroved. It took a lot of hard pounding with |
sledgehammers to break up the machinery All |
the melting pots were smashed, and 4 general
wreck was made of the whole place.

In one corner of this building were half a dozen
or more boxes and trunks full of personal effects,
Following his rule which had permitted none
of this stuff to be disturbed all the way up the
river, Major Allen had these boxes lugged to
alittle hut thatstood beside the stream. ‘Then we
all sat down to eat the hard tack we had stowed
in our pockets before starting, Some of the men
had gone on up the stream and while we were
eating word came back that at the head of a fall
about a quarter of a mile up were seven boxes
containing money, five marked 82,000 and two
marked $4,000. There was 818,000 of Lukban’s
hoard. He must be hard pressed when he gave
that up. Everybody got
moved off ata lively gait
all right, and with it a pig killed so recently that
it was not yet cold, and half a dozen chickens
with their neeks just wrung. The men did not
stop to look at the money, but hurried, every one
hoping to be in at the capture of theold arch scoun

!
|

up and the column
The money was there

drel himself

The Major detailed a sergeant and a dozen
men to get the money back to town and then hur
ried on with the column. The trail grew rougher
and harder. There was more mud and we were
out of the bed of the stream most of the time. We
were so far up in the hills that there were many
waterfalls and rocky places to get around. Fi
nally we came across an old Chinaman whoswore
that only he said,
had fled that way, the soldiers had all gone the
and most of them had fled the preced

individuals, “particulares,”’

other way
The sergeant guide had done so

Allen had given him a regular
The boy was a bit slow
t» accept at first, but when he heard that his pay
would be $80 4 month his eves opened very wide
and he assented very quickly From that min
ute he was ours in sympathy, and he went at
old Chino with a series of rapid questions
which soon showed him to be a liar So the Major
hurried on again Another mile of desperate work
us to a little house on the hillside. It

ing morning
well that Major

brought
was filled with men and women who could go no
further in their flieht, and whe thought
the Americans never would get far The
Chino guide gave a how! of delight as he rec
ognized Sinko, the hated secretary who had stolen
his boat. He pointed out another man as the |
Chief Justice of Lukban's government and sev |
eral others as officials, The whole party, num: |
bering about forty, were staried back and the
Major went with them. He took what men wanted |
to go, but let one company keep on. They were |
eager to make the capture, and the men although |
nearly worn out, and with no rations or blankets
were willing to go ahead and stand the hardship |
on the chance of getting Lukban. The Major |
promised to send them rations early the 7

wild

so

morning, and they stepped out again with hearty
good will

MONEY DETAIL DISGUSTED WITH SILVER,

Meanwhile the money detail was having a hard
time, The Major bad made the sergeant per
sonally responsible for the money and he didn't
propose to have any of the boxes broken open.
But there were too few men in the detail tu do the
work. A $2,000 box of sil¥er money weighs
about 140 pounds, It is # foot and a half long
about, by eight inches square, outside measure-
It is as awkward a thing to handle as
can well be imagined, The trail was slippery,
as I have said several times, but mere saying
so conveys no adequate idea of its condition,
Besides it was sharpand rough, The first twenty
yards of their journey took these seven boxes
down a. twenty-five foot drop. The sergeant
posted aman below the first box, got a rope around
it, took the rope around a sapling and started to
slide it down the topof the rock. The rope slipped
and the box got away. By the narrowest kind
of margin it missed taking with it the man posted
to steady it. Itstid to the bottom with a grinding,
rating noise and brought up with a thump
I had been look
ing to see the whole $2,000 go plump into the
deep pool below the fall. The sergeant looked
at the box thoughtfully a minute or two, and
then turned to the men of the detail who were
standing behind him

“Get a hold here,” he said, as he picked up an
other box Get ahold here, you Bryan men,
and get your goldarned money down there!’

Before they had finished the quarter of a mile
to the arsenal there wasn't aman in the lot who
would have undertaken to get the smallest box
to town for it

And to think,” said one of them, “that when
vou get it there it's only $500 real money. That's
a devil of a kind of money

It had been raining heavily since noon, in the
easy, continuous Way se natural to the Philip
‘The men were wet, muddy and very tired,

ments

 

pines

| but they got the seven boxes to the arsenal intact,
| having found asmall banca in which they floated it

| part way

But the |

Chen the Major overtook them and the
men of his lot of prisoners were straightway
put to work on the money. They knew how to
make slings and get the boxes suspended from
poles, se (hey made easier work of it than the
soldiers had
While the Maj
men

r had been gone up the stream
some of the left behind had overhauled
the boxes which had been found in the arsenal
They turned ont to be the personal property of
Lukban and his wife and of Juan Merchan, his
eecretary There were many beautiful dresses
for the madame, and the big scoundrel's even
ing clothes, the trousers of which the Chin guide
appropriated and proudly wore back to town,
Lukban'’s personal letter book was found with
many cards and notes to him from insurgent
officials in other towns and provinces. Also, there
were the cards of an American newspaper man
and several of our offleers. There were several
photographs of Lukban and two of his prin-

| cipal officers Major Allen had part of the stuff
taken back to Catbalowan and the rest packed
up in the hut, ready for Lukb in whenever he

should come after it

Then we started back tu town. It was much
easier going down, and we found the tide up so
high that we got ajeanoce from the place where

below the fall we could see the thatched roof ef @ | the band instruments lay. They were taken
‘
4
Bie ot sei il Po a hrs Bh hi te ail Hie ay ya tit Sh 'y ws an pe

From Our Mills

directly to your floors, stopping here only long enough
for your selection, has been for twenty years our plan

CARPETS.

What better guarantee could you desire as to the
worthiness of our goods?

Will you inspect the Spring patterns? Especially
fine, particularly the Axminsters.

There is big money-saving in the following goods,
not newest patterns, but best qualities;

of selling

Extra Tapestries (

TOW vaceeeee

Worsted Velvets, $1.00 per yard regular, now
Extra Velvets, $1.25 per yard regular, now.....
Best All-wool Ingrains, (5c, per yard regular, now, .

best quality), 80c. per yard regular, 57!
ows ee : 20

“ns » dic
85¢

49c

Of some fatterns, hundreds of yards; of others, only

enough for a room,

Bring sizes of rooms,

Mattings from China and Japan

is Season’s importations, at $4.50 per
roll (40 yards), and up,

JOHN & JAMES DOBSON

2 East 14th Street, Corner Sth Avenue.

along and the Major planned 4 native band for
the amusement of his town and his soldiers,

All the men taken up beyond the arsenal said
that Lukban had fled to theinland town of Gan-
dara. ‘That made our Chino guide chuckle, for
he said it was easy to get to Gandara, Lt was
on @ river up which steam launches could go
without trouble and men could be landed behind
the town and take the old thing unawares. We
got back to Ca‘balogan just at: sundown and
found two Englishmen who had sailed down from
Calbayog to tell Major Allen that Major Gilmore
was contemplating sending two companies up
the river to Gandara. They were taken cut to
see Gen, Kobbe on the NashVille, and he sent the
Marivelesto take them back to Calbayog, towing
their boat. ‘They took orders to Gilmore to get to
Gandara with all haste, and they were in great
glee, for young Lukban, the Calbayog com
mander, had assessed them 88,000 just. before
the Americans took the fown and our arrival saved
them the money. They were keen to have the
thief caught and put to work on the streets. Allen
sent fifty picked men on the Helena at daylight,
but we had sailed for Tacloban and have not
heard how it came out

HER OPINION OF BUTLERS.

Soggested by the Armentan Servant Question
Now Being Agitated in Boston,

The woman who always talks about servants
had not been able to getin a word, but she pricked
up her ears when the word Armenian was
mentioned at the other end of the lunch
table. Then she leaned forward and put a vig
orous oar into the conversation

“Isn't that Boston woman absurd,” she said,
“tw talk about Americans employing Armenians
and by that she means Armenian men, to work
domestic servants in American families?
1 would never have a manservant
of any kind. He might be the most experienced
butler in the world. He might set a table and
preside over dinner with more efficiency than half
a deven women, but he could never come into
my dining room and have charge of it. I have
had my experiences with him. Even with the neces-
sity of having a butler if one wants to be fashion
able | gave up the attempt in disgust. They
are too untidy. Tf LT eould keep a maid following
him around, seeing that the plates really were
clean when they were put on the table and watch-
ing to discover if the dirt really was washed off

and not merely smeared over with a damp napkin
] should b» satisfied to have @ man to control
the dining room; but it needs somebody to act the
detective in just that way

1 can always tell when | see the silver in my
friends dining rooms whether they employ a man
ora woman. When itis dull and clouded instead
of bright and shining and the china has a damp

as
Personally,

| greasy rather than a clean dry look I know that

to be the work of a butler. I went through it all,
I tried a Frenchman first and he was the cleanest
of the lot. I felt perfectly satisfied with him
until one day I found a collar and cravat in an
unused souptureen. L don't know how much
more of his wardrobe he kept in the dining room,
but [know ittook him some time to pack his clothes
before he Jeft the house that day and I had a vague
uneasiness for months afterwards as to the dis-
position he had made of his wearing apparel in
my_ house

The next man | had was a negro; he had been
trained in the South, was very efficient, and
was hot to be judged so far as cleanliness went
in the same way thatthecthers were, The French
man was clean for 4 manservant, but the negro
was absolutely clean. He kept the glasses shin
ing as brightly as silver and there was a delightful
sense of security so long as he was about, He
had no style and looked rather ridiculous in his
blue livery, but | would have had him yet if he
had not proposed to the waitrass. She was 4
Swede and accepted him promptly. I explained

| ¢o them that [ couldn't prevent their marriage

but I could refuse ty allow anything of the kind
while they were in my service. So they went.
“His English successor had a splendid recom-
mendation. He was a solemn looking person
that cave an air of distinction to any dining room
My husband always objected to him because he
said he felt as if being waited on by a bishop.
Every time, his brother came he declared that
he felt as if he had come to contirmation and was
dreadfully afraid that he would ask him some
thing out of the catechism. I never minded
those things about him, but the silver and china
were always dull and smeary'to 4 most unsatis-
factory degree. He had to go after 1 found a
piece of foap in the bettom of a teacup and he
tried to explain with far too much emphasis and
an alcoholic insistence on his correctness that the

soap was nothing but tea leaves and any lady |

accustomed to anything would know that

“T should have gotten along very well with the
young Inshman who came next because he was
polite and fresh-faced, if it had been possible to
convince him that grease spots were in the least
way detrimental to fie neatness of bis appearance.
I had given up relying on him for the cleanliness
of the dining-room and he seemed to take that as
~ermission to look as dirty himself as he wanted to

remarked at breakfast that his livery was untidy
and he would politely agree. At lunch he would
swear that the grease spots had all been removed
although they were as much in evidence as ever.
They were there still at dinner time or at all events
there were more grease spots. Whether he ever
took them off or not, | never diseovered, but it
scarcely seemed possible that he could accumulate
so rapidly. New liveries did nothing to relieve
the situation, so I gave up struggling with men.

“Whether it be Chinaman or Japanese or any
other male servants so highly recommended, ft
is a certain thing that none of them except in the
case of the negro T had would be as clean aa women
The neatness that ought to be a part of the dining
room 18 too fine for them to realize. If they can
take a damp towel and make things look moder-
ately tidy they are satisfied and expect that every
body else will be, for it is impossible for them to

is needed. It is easy to tell in restaurants when
men or women are employed in the kitchen as it
Is always from the women that the best in the
way of neatness and cleanliness come. | shudder
to think of what an American might do. but |
doubt that he could be worse in the detail of cleanli
ness than the highly recommended English butler,
who Is no doubt excellent of bis kind, but the kind
Is) poor

| glories with a flerce joy

 

  

A FRENCH FLING AT KIPLING

MME. BLANC DEPLORES HUIS INI 1Ue
ENCE ON BRITISH CHARACTER,

She Thinks That His Writings Appeal to the
Worst Instincts of the Anglo-Saton and
Teach Himto Glory in the Brutalitics
of War Americans Included in) Those
Thus Harmfully Influenced, She Sass,

Mme. Marie ‘Therese Blane, better known
as “Th. Bentzon,” has in the Revue des Deve
Mondes for April an article entitled “Vhe Pnglish
Army as Painted by Kipling.” in whieh she dep
recates Kipling's influence on the rising gener®
tion of Anglo Saxons, And among the Angle
Saxons so influenced she includes American

During her last visitto thiscountry Mme Hlane
went at commencement time to Harvard Univer
sity. She has since then written many eulocies
of He@vard. The university men seem to have
impressed heras typical of what was best in young
American manhood She saw in the Harvard
undergraduates much happy promise for Amer
ica's future, But in her last article on Kipling
she recalls that his influence was manif at
Harvard and she expresses surprise at the fact

“We were much surprised,” she writes, “to hear
the Kipling morality celebrated in America It

was at the distribution of diplomas at Harvard
said the oratr

University. ‘It is # virile morai,’
a very young graduate, ‘Women cann t
judges of it. Kipling does not write for then

“In acountry where women are beld as tutelary
deities, the fact alone of denying to them, in a
tone of disdain, the right to estimate the worth «f
a moralist, is sufficient indication of the strength
of the philtre which Kipling has poured out for the
youth of this generation to harden them. And he
had not yet written his last work ‘Stalky and to.
which is on a plane to be within the reach of child
hood even, for it seems that we cannot be brought
to understand the worthlessness of everything
save forbidden escapades, perilous adventure,
Spartan endurance and violent fisticuffs, It is
said that Kipling when he was sent ty England
to school from Bombay, where he was born, en-
tered the very college where he places his trio
of ornaments, Stalky, MacTurk and Beetle. This
boarding school is not recommended by any very
precise regulations, although the excellent prac:
tice of administering canings is piously preserved
there -canings which the most intractable of
the big boys of the school receive without com-
plaint at the hands of the master. They, the
scholars, care for nothing, moreover, save
athletics and military exercises; they smoke, swear
and drink, promising--although they are of the
stuff from which officers are made to hold their
own in these respects with all the “Tommys'
in the world, No French reader, we believe, who
had reached the age of manhood, could ever read
to the end of Stalky; we will not dwell, therefore,
upon this mistake of the Professor of Energy

Speaking of Kipling's burden of responsibility
and defining what he stands for, Mme Blane
says

“And this terrible responsibility which all men
who sow at hazard a seed whichmay grow into
an evil crop, should weigh upon Kipling mora
than any other, for he knows always what he is
doing and what be wants. He wantswar Ha
mingles in the combat; he studies it; he makes
himself its passionate apologist; he = sings ita
‘ Nobody will ever hava
contributed more than he to rouse Anglo Saxon
animalism. ‘The very water seems tocome into
the mouths of his favorite characters, the soldiery
in the colonies, when they tell each other their
different methods of killing All the methods
seem equally good t) Kipling. The sole virtue
that he recognizes is force, whether it concerns
an_ individual, a machine or an empire’ and
without difficulty he has converted multitudes
to his way of thinking. The human buteheries
which meet his approval probably are valuatia
to him in sanguinary inspirations, in treasure-
trove of atrocities just as assassinations are val
uable to the sensational reporter,”

Speaking of the anti-Kipling sentiment recently
developed in England, Mme. Blane says

In the year just ended the books of the cracls
and the inspirer of the war were sold more than
those of any other writer, in America 400,000
copies, This is very fine, but it seems to us thet
this sort of glory is dependent upon the greater
or less success of the British armies. Just
proportion as the armies suffered their first 5
verses, discordant clamors began to mingle |)
the chorus of eulogy that so long had been unan!
mous. The signal was given inAmerica * * *
In England itself an article vehement even t
justice, for it attacked the talent of the wrter
when only his tendencies should be incriminat:
4ppeared in the reat review of London, the Con
temporary. The author, Mr. Robert Huchauan,
is indignant at the enormous success of the ‘le
lads of the Barrack Room,’ which brings us
contact with the vilest and coarsest sides of 1! 4
English mercenary under pretext of follow sug
the soldier in his pains and his pleasures. * * ‘
The gauntlet was soon taken up, it is true
Contemporary Review itself by Sir Walter Hesant
with awarmthequal to that of Mr Buchara:,
and the innumerable friends of Kipling. as more)!
be expected, decide that all that is lacking '
is the aureole of persecution, that he will
nothing, but, on the contrary, will gain 1
by such assaults. [tis his punishment for ta
ing strayed from the paths of literature pure aod

be

“ae
| “We repeat it “tory It
realize that what they have done is not all that | peat it: upon the final vietory of |

land in a struggle that has but just begun. «i!
depend very much the future popularity of ’
theories of Kipling upon the army. the navy. the
education of men, colonial extension and
teresting problem of the government of differ
ent races united upon one soil But, wh
happens, he will remain the one writer, ora!
and modern among all others, who has kiown
how to seize the element of beauty in our pra

life to transform the hissing of steam inte m

from the horrors of

Dyspepsia and the

intensified horrors of

Insomnia by taking

SAMPLE SENT ON
APPLICATION TO

Brunswick

Pharmacal Co.,

New Brunswick, N.j

ts

Tablets

 

Johnson’s Digestive

Papoids)