IE MADE THEGRAVE BLOOM |

 

RUSE OF AN OHIO LAWYER TO (SAVE
THE LIFE OF A CLIENT,

Effective Climax to the Conduct of a Marder
irtalin Which the Accused, a Handsome
Negress, Was Impertiled Because a
Weird Saperstition Tainted the Jury
I) the spring of 171," sald the man of exe

there came into Clermont county,

 

arienc®

; b rem the eastern mountains of Kentucky,
a red family by the name of Turner, This
ta was of generous proportions, numeri-
aair, cdnsisting of William, the father, Su-
gannan, his wife, and seven children. The
Turners were not destitute by any means.

 

The first thing they did after striking Ohio
to invest their savings in a small farm
situated near Lindale, a rambling village,
{fy the central part of the county, and then
buckled down to hard earnest work.

eoll WAS

then the Turners first settled in that ex-
e ve peuhborhood the colored people al-
ready gathered there treated them with the
contemptuous disdain darkeys north of the
‘ K invariably assumed in those days
toward thea brethren migrating from the
. gneed slave sections beyond the divid-
i z hut they had been domiciled in their
new home only & short time when they suc-
ceeded in demonstrating even to the most

prejudiced critics that instead of being inferior
+> their dark kindred they could lay claims
to decided superiority from mental, physical
William ‘Turner

nod financial standpoints,
colf was the embodiment of honesty and
{ystry, the ehildren were models of obedt-

ence and respectrulness, and it Is a matter of
yoment down there to this day that the de-
eer ind frugality of the Turners did more
to obliterate the race line in those parts than
Y legislation or volumes of demagogic

years ¢
palaver

‘the children, Belle, the second daughter,
% i general favorite. As I remember her,
she was really a pretty girl. By some freak

of nature the pronounced facial characteristics
of the pace were modified in her into pleasing,

harmonious lines, the natural kink of her hair
was subdued inta becoming waves, and her
( exion was a rich, clear brown, Mamie,
her elder sister, was a gentle, kindly girl, but
» lacked the physical attractiveness and
manta! activity that gave Belle her popularity.
In direct contrast to the two girls was Aaron,
rd child and oldest son. Aaron was

tha blot on the Turner family’s escutcheon

Il) waa a most repulsive looking fellow. The
cour iar to his kind were ac-
contuated in him until they became positive

~e features pecul

facial deformities, and when tothis grossness
1 add a heavy. drooping lower jaw, thick,
ky. black +kin and ever roiling, sense-
s eves, you have a picture of ugly,
stial idioey which, fortunately, few people

40 thoroughly as did Aaron Tur-
younger children were bright,
but as only the three older
children are concerned directly with this story,
s useless to go into detail in regard to the
vouthful members of the brood
Belle Turner was 17 years of age when the
uwedy in which she figured took place. On
2. 1874. William Turner took four bushels
to the grist mill on East Fork Creek
fo be ground into meal. The day was warm,
that belated or premature heat which
characterizes many of the midwinter days
in that section of the country, and the earth
was fairly steaming with the moisture that
exuded from its own pores, This mildnes
although somewhat depressing, was welcomed
after the biting cold of the past week, and
Turner took his wife and the small children to mill
with him for an outing. It was 6 o'clock in
the evening when they reached home. The
Torner house wassituate ton @ hich blaff over-
hang ng the highway. The stable was reached
by means of a narrow zizgag drive that wound
across the steep hill below the house to the

sent
er rhe

merry littl ones

with

outbuildings near its crest

‘Turner stopped in front of the house at the
foot of the ledge that nught and, tumbling his
ly out into the middle of the road he bade
them seramble up the steep incline while he
drove back to thestable. Hardly had he turned
the horssinto the narrow driveway leading from
the main road when his attention was arrested
by the sound of a pistol shot which rang out
from the rear of his house, He sprang from
the wagon and leaving the horse standing
in the mire he ran toward the kitchen from
whose one thinly-curtained windowafaintlight
was gleaming. The ominous sound had also

reached Mrs, Turner and her flock. They came
pushing up the ledge in a body, and when Tur-
er opened the back door all crowded fearfully
to the kitchen, The first person they saw
re was Aaron. He stood near the woodbox,
ing out his tongue in a vain effort to speak
@nd pointing in terror to the bedroom beyond.
When the parents turned their eyes in that
tion they found Mamie lying at length in
doorway while Belle bent over her, frantic-
y chafing her and caressing her in an at-
ant to restore her to consciousness. A
4 ver lying on the floor beside the girls told
story, or at least as much of it as an inani-
mate witness could ever tell.

“I can recall no other event in that county that
ereated such widespread excitement as did the
shooting of Mamie Turner. The Turners had
become known to many people either personally
or by report and the news of the tragedy spread
rapidly, rom farmhouse to farmhouse and from

agétovillage. Conjectures were rife astothe
poanber and cause of the shooting. At the

quest Belle Turner testified that the affair was
a case of accidental suicide, Mamie, she said,
had forcibly taken the revolver from Aaron
who was carelessly flashing it round the room
and in the atruggle for its possession the fatal
shot had been fired, Aaron, on the other hand, in-
sisted that Belle had taken the revolver from
its place in the bureau drawer and had, with-
out warning or the slightest provocation. so
far as he could see, deliberately shot down her

far
Pam

 

 

sister in cold blood. Ignorant and foolish
though the boy was, such direct testimony
could not be entirely disregarded and Belle

was placed under arrest and brought before
the local Justice of the peace tor a preliminary
hearing, IT was associated at that time wit!
Jomer Kain, one of the shrewdest criminal
AW) ers the county seat could boast. fle him-
elf was unable to attend these initial pro-
ceedings in the judicial contest, so he deputed
me to be present and take notes of what oo-
Curres

lhe trial was held before Squire Temple in

 

 

 

the Lindale dry goods and grocery store which

had heen fitted up as atemporary court room

48 had been foreseen, nothing new was devel-

oped at this functory examination, Belle
\aron Turner each repeated the stories told

at the inguest and the Coroner and his asao-

Si tnesses testified that the position of the |

nd wa

 

the dead wirl had indeed com-
whether intentionally or acciden-
uldsay, It was hardly probable
struction could have been pre-

   

 

 

 
 

  

   

 

    
 
    

 

 

|
|
uch as to make it possible and even
|
|
|

 

 

! hasmuech as no canse could be ad-
a fier the deed. In like manner there was
h tachure te yworeason why Belle Turner
& rderh ater betwee whom and her-
F strona bond of alfection had always
I Ipposed to exist, and after a half day
F ‘less Questioning and cross-question-
\ ‘+ nissed as unworthy the
a G Jur
i the tent of serious import at
its irrenee, the shooting of
‘ probably have died out
” " in the proverbial
: ad t ient events tended
ita ris is a topie of cons |
Thuis itdeath proved to be the
1 t calamities that befell
in rapid ePseion On
eo. ' died Then the
“A ed aby the latter part of the
| here Were six graves of varying
ie} je in that seetion of the
ha iptiateof the
de I rots andhap- |
; i Purser and Belle aud
‘ ed to pend bits of law with
r ils (oroumhont the winter, and
; " | still with him As 1 {
‘ i of his offfee one day in |
rpurt Ayer {hy reading and non ter-
‘ ed te jook toward the street cad
: fing ! tide the window the Jdus-
: Helle Vurner had been tried
c December, He saw ome, recog-
wed without a word of ceremony
eine to the offiee and phiunped
‘ ‘asyv chair
' da he said ‘to see
ti . My conselience is
\ \ been recent develop-
l important developments, too, In
‘
Taken aback at his communica-
nt mean it!’ T said. ‘What
1 neisely ‘A motive has
| lhere was a man tn the
ealou and oh well you
aS 1 oft is the reguiation story
; iminor point Proof positive
: . t to taht that Mamie Turner
e ! 1 hy somebody. All things con-
b ‘ty clear that that person was

i bte to have to say it, for I, like every=

 

body else, was interested in the girl, but facts
are facts and cannot be gainsaid.
“But what are these {rota asked. ‘What
is the proof to which you allude?’

“The justice bent his tall, lanky figure for-
ward into a bowknot shape and said myster-
lously: ‘The grave itself Is all the proof needed,
‘There is not @ spear of grass to be seen there,
The graveyard is green now in every other
spot with the fresh, bright verdure of spring.
Even newly-made graves are sending forth
a few sprouts of green, The only barren
lace in the whole burial ground is Mamie
urner's grave. Not thetiniest blade of grass
istobeseenthere, You know what that means,
Only the grave of a murdered person fails to
grow at least scattering shoots of green’

‘LT wheeled round in my chair then and looked
at the man in consternation, Up to that mo-
ment Thad not supposed that there was a man
or woman in civilized lands who pinned his
faith to that old-time superstition, but when
Il remembered the strange mixture of races
and consequent inexplicable, fantastical traits
of character prevalent in that particular part
of the country I ceased to marvel at Squire
Temple's earnestness when making this dis-
closure in regard to the barren mound.

‘Ie this report circulated pretty generally
down your way?’ I asked

“Yes he said. ‘it's on everybody's tongue.
Under these peculiar circumstances it is neces-
sary that Belle Turner be brought before
the next Grand Jury. It grieves me to do this
bat personal inelination must not be allowed
to interfere with professional duty.’

“Temple left me soon after unburdening
himself of this heroie sentiment, When Kain
eame in LT told him the latest news from the
back country districts

“Merciful fathers!’ he eried, ‘will nothing
ever raise the people of this county out of the
darkness of the middle ages into the enlighten.
ment of the nineteenth century? A. bit of
circumstantial evidence based on superstition
often works wonders in the minds of jgnorant
people. I really fear the poor girl is done for.’

“Squire Temple was as good as his word
When the Grand Jury_met the following week
Belle Turner was the first person it ordered to
be tried when the regular court convened on
May 20. This was a heavy blow to William
Turner. Doctors’ billaand undertakers’ charges
had literally devoured his small property, and the
voor man had nothing left with which to pay
for the defence of his daughter. Kain, how-
ever, had taken akeen interestin the case from
the beginning, and acting on one of the gen-
erous impulses common to him, he offered
to champion the girl's cause for human-
ity’s sake, alone, When the affair was
brought into court Kain endeavored to
exercise exceeding care in the selection
of a jury, but with all his cautlousness he had
grave doubts as to the outcome of the trial

“'Pyery mother’a son of them,’ he said,
‘has heard that story about the erassless grave,
and level-headed though most of the men ap-
pear to be on general subjects, T have not a
doubt that they are saturated with superstition
in regard to that one belief which seems to be
old as the hills and as firmly rooted in this com-
munity.’

"As the trial proceeded Kain became more
and more fearful that the girl would be con-
vieted, not on the strength of positive or log-
ical evidence, of which there was but litte,
but because of that bit of absurd superstition
One day shortly before the close o the trial
Kain came to me with his homely hatehet face
heavy and aolemn with serious resolve

“'De you know, Jackson,’ he said, ‘that I've
been thinking this matter over and Cam positive
that the only way we can hope to save my

client is to resort to a sort of homeopathic

cure and meet sheenanegan with shee-
nanegan? If an innocent person ia about
to be convicted of a erime, simply because

her supposed victim happens to he buried
in unproductive soil which is too poor to bear
even a blade of grasa, do you not suppose that
an nall-wise Providence who abominates in-
justice would make that grave bloom out like
a garden in one short night, or two or three
nighta at any rate, in order that right might
be vindicated?’

“[ saw that there was some deep purpose
back of his whimsical tone and manner, but
I did not catch the real drift of his words tor
several minutes

Yes,’ said I, when I did finally comprehend,
‘but who is to assist Providence in the blooming
process?’

“'*Well,’ said Kain, ‘I have come to the con-
clusion that you are the most trustworthy of all
my acquaintances Supposing you undertake
the job? You must understand that when
I speak of the grave blooming, I do not mean
that roses and peonies and buttercups shall
spring upin aliteral sense. That would be going
a little bit too strong. Tufts of grass peeping
out here and thore will sufflee as proof that the
dead girl's blood is not poisoning the soil in
ita plea for vengeance | f

“Wont it be a rather ticklish thing to do?
I asked, .

“Are you afraid?’ returned Kain

“The touch of contempt in his voice put me
on my mettle

“'No, said T, ‘I'm not. [ll go to-night.’

laft Batavia that evening at 9 o'clock
and rode over to the Baptist cemetery, some
seven miles away. The place was isolated
and lonely and although I felt reasonably
sure that I should be free from interruption,
I confess that | undertook the mission with
more or less misgiving Nothing happened
to disturb me in my enterprise, however, and
although I am no professional! artist 1 venture
to say that a landscape gardener would be
hard put to it to tyrn outa better piece of work
than [ accomplished that night when, aided
only by the light of the stars. I planted on
the grave of Mamie Turner the patches of
green sod I had brought along for that pur-
pose My greatest difficulty was in pre-
venting the appearance of human tinkering,
and it was only by removing my shoes and
pottering around on my bare feet that | man-
aged to leave the surrounding ground with
an untrodden appearance. At 2 o'clock I
led my horse out of the deep shadow of the
woods below the cemetery where I had tethered
him and started back to Batavia with the re-
port that all was well. Kain had not gone
to bed but was in my rooms waiting for me
when [ returned. [, myself, felt pretty squally
over our venture, but he fairly beamed with
confidence. ‘We've saved the girl, never
you fear,’ he said

“Two days later he made his address to the
jury. He was an eloquent speaker and be-
fore he had talked fifteen minutes the whole
crowd of auditors packing the court) room
had been mised to a high pitch of expectation
He talked on until a climax in the course of
dramatic sequence had been reached, then,
after a slight pause, he continued

“TL have not seen this grave whose lack of
verdura is the point on which the fate of this
oor girl hangs. But I should like to see it
Pchould like the jury to sea it. It is the de-
fendant's exhibit as well as the people's, Could
it be brought into the court lroom if would
become the chief evidence offered by either
side. This being a case parallel to Mahomet’s
experience with the mountain, | would suggest
that justice demands we take the jury to the
grave"’ 5

“This proposition naturally met with violent
opposition from the prosecuting attorney
and hissatellites, but the Judge wasan ecentric
old fellow full of whims and fancies. He up-
held Kain in his strenuous plea for fair-plas
as he termed it, and the court adjourned in
a body and as many people as could secure
vehicles or horses and all who were strong
and fleet of foot, set out for the Baptist ceme-
tery. I, too, joined the throng. When we
reached the fateful spot I trembled like a leaf
lest the secret of my handiwork be discovered,
but I had done my work 80 cleverly that even
our opponents had no suspicion of false play
They were completely floored when they found
that the main props of their case were swept
away, but they unquestioningly accepted
the tender grass blades as evidence of good
faith on the part of nature, and practically
gave up the fight.

"The next day the Judge charged the fury
in solemn, high-sounding phrases, but even
as he talked he must have known that the
verdict would be ‘Not guilty.’ Afterward
each juror, fearing to be taunted with super-
stitions prejudices. declared that he was not
influenced one way or the other by the eon-
dition of Mamie Turner's grave, but every.
hody who knew the cirenmstances. be he wise
or ignorant, accented this assertion with a
Hheral allowance of salt. Such trickery would
not be possible even in Clermont county to-day
1 faney; but whether Belle Turner was guilty
or not guilty Tam confidant that that bit of
inggiery on the part of Kain and myself was
the only argument that saved her from {m-
prisonment or death.’

Sly Joking In the Palpie.
From the Utica Observer

Before J went to college.” said a minister
of this city, “I did supply work on acertain
charge one summer. In the Methodist Church
we had service morning and evening. There
was a Prosbyterian Church in the village and
the pa-tor from another village supplied it
preaching there once a Sunday in the after-
noon, I went to hear him one afternoon
He was a college bred man and was supposed
to he away up. When he «pied me in the con-
gre@ation he came down and asked me to fe-
siat in the opening exerei-es When we were
seated he a-ked me to read the first le
and at the same time announced that it. was
a certain chapter in the Book of Numbers
Just before | was to read I reached up to the
desk and took down the Hible and opened
to the place. Iglanced down over the chapter
and saw that it was a mass Of unpronounce-

 

  

sont

 

able names. I knew that he was working
a joke on me. He knew that 1 could not
get away with those names I said noth-
ing, but when the time came T stood up and
announced the chapter following and read
it

‘When [ sat down he gave mea look and
he got one back I whispered hoarsely 7

giiesa not.” Those were the only words spoken
on the subject

Distanced by Civilization,

Fram the Morning Oregonian

Red, a dogthat followed one of the stages
from Moro to Grant for ten years, has quit the
road, Hetriedtofolow the train, on the new

railroad, but gave up the task.

“It You See It In ‘The San,’ It's So."
This is usually as true of an advertisement as
of a news or editorial! statement. — Ado,

SS SSS SSS SSNs sss SSS SSS sss SSS SSS SSS SSS
—_—

SS

| am cretting interested in it

THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 22, 1900.

THE RUBAIYAT OF DOBLEY,

A SPRING POEM WITH A
IN THE END OF IT,

 

STING

 

He Hopes to Be an Omar Khayyam Ten Cen-
turtles Hence and in the Meantime to Set
His New Club to Thinking and to Collect
Some Money Due Him From a Friend,

“Preshington,” said Dobley, “invites us to join
an Omar Khayyam Club that he ts organizing,
It is to meet one evening every second week for

literary discussion.”
“What is it all about” asked Mra, Dobley,

looking up from her embroidery,

“Why, this ‘Rubaiyat’ of Omar Khayyam that is
such a fad just now,” explained Dobley. “It's
one of those vague mysterious cults that people are

running so much to of late, ”

“But what is it” asked Mra. Dobley carefully
stitching the seeds in a strawberry,

“Why, a club for the discussion of the poem.
The idea is to get all the hidden meanings and
find out just what Omar was getting at.”

“Omar who” asked Mrs, Dobley

“Why Omar Khayyam, of course,” sald Dobley.

“Who on earth was he”

“Ia it possible.” said Dobley, throwing all the
reproach he could into his voice, “that while the
whole literary world is vibrating with this poem
you do not know about it”

“Now you know quite well,” sald Mrs, Dobley,
“that I have been too busy getting new things
made to give even a thought to such subjects.
I'll join the club if you wish, but please tell me
about ft first.”

“My only object in joining the club,” said Dobley,
“would be to give me ideas upon the subject of
Omar. While he lived in the eleventh century
le was a perfect type of what is known to-day
asa pipedreamer. Vipe dreamers live in a world
of their own and are united by a subtle bond of

sympathy whether they live in the eleventh or
the nineteenth century. Omar's poem lay dor-
mant for several hundred years and then poets
of the same school began to translate it, ‘Then it
became a fad and at present it is virulent.”

‘But are the verses pretty” asked Mrs, Dobley.

“They are pretty as words strung together in
thyme may be,” said Dobley, “and the beauty
of this poetry of the hasheesh sehool is that it
doesn't have to mean anything. So the trans:
lators have strewn capital letters thickly through
the verses and it makes it positively weird, When
you see the word ‘thought’ or ‘say’ occurring
in a poem it doesn't impress you as being wonder
ful, but you just puta few capitalsin in the middle
of sentences and you make people think.”

“But don't you think it will conflict with the
original ideas of the club if you start into throw.
ing down their idol the first thing?”

‘L don't care if it does, Preshington has in-
Vited me to enter the first evening's discussion
Without even questioning my opinions, He
takes it that I aim like everybody else, Khayyam
mad

‘How do you purpose to bring out your ideas?”
asked Mra Dobles

Simply by bringing the ‘Rubaiyat’ down to
date. Omar broucht all sorts of commonplaces
into his poem and put them side by side with
the loftiest flughts of fancy It was the greatest
mix-up on record.”

But T cannot understand how you are going
to make it plain to the other folks who will think
you don't understand the true meaning of the
poem”

[have thought outa novel and unique method,”
said Dobles: “I have written a spring poem eS

\ spring poem!’ exclaimed Mrs. Dobley -
never knew you were a poet

“You don't bave to be when vou write ‘Rubat
yats! said Dobley. "You justlet your mind get
thoroughly out of control and then wander on
Now the Rubaiyat that I have prepared, if it be
unearthed and translated into another language
ten centuries from now will perhaps seem quite
as vague and as beautiful ,
haps, suggested Mrs, De bley

 

 

  

fhats what [ said. Perhaps, returned
Dobley. “My idea is that Omar was feally
writing for one of the comic weeklies of the

eleventh centurs
“Did they have them then?" asked Mra. Dobley
“Certainty,” said Dobley; “that's where they
getall their jokes from. ‘They have fellows trans
lating the old files all the time and working
them over into modern form

“Is vour Rubaivat humorous’” asked Mrs
Dobley

“It's not intended to be anything but dreamy,”
said Dobles It has no purpose But there

may be vague hidden meanings in it that I] am
unaware of myself, The mystic poets never
really know what they mean when they are writ
ing. [t takes their readers to find out the un
utterable depth of it all. For instance Omar
constantly alludes in his work to Jugs, mugs,
bottles and their intoxfea'tng contents, He
evens goes so faras to say that he cannot imagine
why the vintners sell their wines for the reason
that he knows of nothing so precious that they
eould buy, which sentimentif uttered by a mod
ern poet would call down the criticism of any
number of temrerance socleties. My private
opinion is that Omar was 4 somewhat disreput
able old party; a Bobemian of the elerenth cen
tury who preferred to loaf around singing under
the trees to staying in the shop making tents.”

Was he married?” asked Mrs. Dobley

“Let us hope so,” said Dobley, “His historians
however, t of his domestic life

 

evade al! record
And those who are putting him up as an idol
are trying to make him out a saint as well, I
can'timagine a married saint

“Nor I,” said Mrs. Dobley;
anxious to hear vour

“My version’ asked Dobley. “You understand,
of course, that there have been others. But it's
getting to be the thing to add to the bunch. Do
you really think wou would like to hear mine”

“but Tam getting

“itis not toolong.” said Mrs. Dobler
“Oh, Mrs Doblev'’ Mrs. Dobley' When will
vou ever get bevond that Mother Goose taste

One would think you were still
My version is only seventeen
verses long, quite brief in comparison to those
others by MeCarthy. Pitz Gerald, LeGalllenne
and the other fellows that made the first trans-
lations but were never heard of

“If L don't understand it [am sure to get tired
and vawn,” said Mre. Dobley

If you do.” said Mr. Dobley, profoundly, “it
will be the highest compliment vou could pay
me, It will prove that my version is the real
thing A Rubaivat that could be undetstood
like a primer would be a joke

‘Well go ahead,” said Mrs. Dobley, resignedly

Mr. Dobler extracted a roll of manuscript from
his pocket and began to read in a low intense
voice as though he were intoning a litany

tHE MODERN RUBALYAT
Dobley's Version
Hark! For the message cometh from the King!
Winter, thy doom is spoke thy dirges ring,
Thy time tso'er and through the Paiace door
Enter the l’rincess Hall the new crowned Spring!

for short poems
in pinafores

Comes she all rose crowned, glowing with the Joy
Of Laughter and of Cupld, the God-Boy

Buds bursting on the bough In welcoming

‘To Her we Lave, whose loving will not cloy!

List! From the organ rippling In the Street
Come sounds refoteing, glad Her retgn to greet.
The Shad ts stilling in the Market Place
And eke the Litthe Neck! Ah» Life is Sweet!

Come, let is lilt a Merry Litthe Song

And in an Automobile giide along

Into the glory of tue Year's new Mirth

Hasten! On, baste’ bor this ts Spring, I Think!

Come where the Bonnets bloom within the Grove
And let us pluck them for the One we Love;
Violets and Tiftnys and ehtffon-nested Birds.
Tell me- didst ever see a Glass Keyed Dove?

 

Think you how many Springs will go and come
When We are Dead ines and the busy Hlum
Of life will never reach us— Nothing Lone
And Nothing Doing fi the Silence Glum!

“L think that sounds very siangy, sald Mra
Dobley

‘Perhaps it may to the unthinking,” said
Dobley, “but not to those who go below the sur
face of things [tis impossible for a mere reader
toexpress the oceultism thatlurksin a free sprink
ling of capital letters Are you beginning to
comprebend the wandering dreaminess of the

  

“Not quite,’ said Mrs, Dobley, “I never saw
a shad smile Did you

“Tush tush!’ said Dobley; “that's the
Oriental imagery of the thing Of course it |

doesn't really mean shad

lve spelled it with
acapital

Well, what does it mean anyhow” asked
Mes. Dobles

‘That,” said Dobley, “is for the club to find
out If this version of mine once wets |

them wondering at what T mean it will be in all
the book stores in flexible covers so that people
ean carry it round in their pockets and study it

| in the horse cars

Please go oon,” said Mrs Dobley, “I really

Dobley, much pleased, continued impresstvely:

Lister
he Plevated o

Like toa Di

The cable car's ¢

iiy Gong has rang
\ clang

astir

Vits per
riet Messenyer

  
 

 
 

gulyOu, It Wasa Nightingale that sang?
Al! My Beloved, when it's Really Spring
We kno by the lhuds a blossoming
Stena thtosks Tremendous Sounds

Phat mightto Some, meanany Ancient Thing
hen letusto the Caravan at Once

The Sewdust Circle where the Peanut haunts

the alr with strange sweet Odors

And the Elephant does wild and Woolly Stunta!

Asparagists giowing on the Stall
The Sprtog lamb eavorts on the Menu tall;

 

Strawberries rly + Dollar for the Box
Wouldn't !t Jar You somehow, After all?
A Book of Coon Songs underneath the Bough
A Jug of Wine. a Dozen Buns and Thou .
Heside mestoging:ag time’? idon'tkaow’
} wonder would a doven be enow?
“Enow’’ interrupted Mra Dobley. “What does
that mean”
enough, of course,” said Mr. Dobley
Well, why didn't you say ‘enouch,’” asked

Mrs Dobley
‘Why, simply
said Mr. Dobley
‘Well, why don't rou make the other thing
ryhme” asked Mra Dobley
“It's too beautiful as it is,” exclaimed Mr. Dob

because it wouldn't ryhme,”

$$ $e
EE

 

| pigeon wings or the boisterous

} penetrating to the heart of the tree

 

 

ley. “It's too Persian, Besides, it shows a dis-
regard for mere’ poetic rules Only poeta that
write on space have to write according to rule.
When you get to be really great you can play
tag with rules”

“And ‘haunts’ doesn't rhyme with ‘once’ and
‘stunts’ doesn't rhyme with either of them,” sald
Mrs. Dobley triumphantly.

“They do when you read them quickly, and
that is the way [intend to read them at the club,”
sald Dobley; “only people with small minds notice
such things, anyhow!”

“Well, go on,” said Mrs. Dobley, “I am quite
anxious to hear how it ends!”

“Ttdoesn'tend, It just stops,” said Dobley,

“Well, then, | am anxious to hear it stop,” said
Mrs. Duobley

Mr. Doebley looked pityingly at his wife and
continued

I sent my soul alling through Joy and Pain
For Information that the Winds might dein;
Softly the breezes pitched 11, Ruste curved,
And whispered slowly sadly -"Guess Agata.”

Sometimes I think the Glories that they Siog
Are like the grapevine the Fox tried to cling;
Kut take Today —and make the Most of It,

I think it’s Just Too Sweet for Anything!

“That's a pretty verse!” said Mrs, Dobley.

“Yes, isn't it” said Dobley; “and the next’
have introduced as a hit at Freshington,
cptoaded to look fixedly at him and read it very
slowly

Oh, my Friend

What of Tomorrow say you"
I's vet to Spend,

To morrow's Not been Touched,
1 often wonder tf we should expire
If we could but Collect the Gold we Lend!

“That's rather cute!” said Mra Dobley. “Do
you think he will see the hidden meaning In it”

“If he does,” said Dobley, “I don't care if he
misses all the rest”

“That's not the end, is it?” asked Mrs. Dobley,

“No,” said Dobley, “there is a certain sadness
about the concluding verses:

Ab, Love! Could Thou and I Creation run,
How Different our Scheme! The Summer's suo
Would see another Springtime blossoming,
Another Summer's Rose to Poliow On!

from the Sky a Little Star
Would Tell Us from the Canopy afar

What now we Grope for in the Dinky Dink
And wonder blindly, vaguely, What we Are!

And Leanin

And when Alone you dream your fancies ripe,
Thyself all Hasheesh fed.-My Prototype!

Smoke Up —and when you gather with the Group
Where | made One -Turn Down an Empty Pipe!

D ‘; wonder {f they will understand it,” said Mra
obley

“It doasn't matter if they do or not so long as
they appreciate it,” said Dobley, folding his manu-
seript
ohne will they see the point” persisted Mra

obley

“I hope not,” sald Dobley; all but
Freshington.”

“that Is,

 

SHANTY BOYS OF THE NORTH WOODS.

 

Some Features of the Logging Business in the
Adirondack Wilderness,

From the Ogdensburg Journal,

The heavy snowfall, which filled the Adirondack
woods with six foot drifts, insuring good “sledding”
in the forest until the May flowers bloom in the
clearings, broughtjoy and contentment not only to
the counting rooms of the lumber kings of this
northern country, but to hundreds of humble
cabins in the backwoods neighborhoods and mill
settlements, whose rugged owners win a living
for their large and hearty families in lumber
camp, sawmill, or timber yard, for plenty 0 snow
for hauling the winter's cut of logs to the Adiron-
dack rivers and for furnishing freshets later on
to float them down to the great sawmills, waiting
their coming, means plenty and prosperity, alike
to the mill owners and their men

Owing to the prevailing high prices for building
materials, lumbering operations were conducted
the past fall and winter in the Adirondack country
on an uncommonty large scale, and by Christmas
time, when most of the “shanty boys” go out to
settlements to renew their acquaintance with ctv-
jlized life, the skidways around the hundreds
of lumber camps were piled high with great spruce
and hemlock logs, waiting for sleighing to per-
mitof their being hauled to “roll banks” and dump
ed into the headwaters of the Black, the Oswe
gatchie, the Grass, or the Raquette River to awalt
the spring break-up.

\ftera short “run of sleighing” along in January
which did not permit the great sleds to haul one
quarter of the logs to their destinations, the big
thaw came and the warm rains melted the snow
even in the spruce thickets of the deep forest and
brought all lumbering operations to an end
Just as the lumbermen were on the verge of dew
pair, the late blizzard came, and now thousands
of teams are busy hauling loads of logs, each as
“big as acountry schoolhouse,” to the roll banks
Iby April most of the logs will have been hauled
after which the majority of the “shanty boys
will come out to the settlements to wait for the
starting up of the mills, leaving only the gangs
that bring down the great log drives. it will
be from one to three months before the log drives
that start from the headwaters of the varivus
streams reach the mills, but preceding these bi
drives will be smaller ones, of old logs, loft strande
along the banks last year by the lowering waters

The lumber taken annually from the spruce
forest of the Adirondacks exceeds 800,000,000 feet
while an equal amount of hemlock for plank and
square tinber, and poplar and elm for pulp wood,
is cut each

While many thousends of acres of the Adiron-
dack forest country have been withdrawn from
the denuding axe ofthe chopper by the act setting
aside the State Park and by the purchase of great
acts to be maintained as game preserves by
private associations, there stil remains timber
enough outside the limits of the reservations to
keep the sans busy for years to come

The lumber camps, where the “shanty boys"
wit hew out the annual supply of logs live dur
ing the long winter months, are large, low cabins,
built of round unhewn logs, notched at the ends
and laid together “cob house” style Atone end
tsa door hung on hinges cut from an old harness
tug, at the opposite end a small window In
this “men's shanty” the choppers, sawyers, skid-
ders and teamsters lounge and sleep Nearby
ix the “cook camp,” another log cabin, with a

year

long, rowgh table in the centre, around which
the men sit on wooden legged benches to eat
their “grub,” as they call four hearty meals of
bean swageer,” saleratus biscuit, fried pork,

and potatoes, served to them at daylight, at 10
4 Mo at3l M., and again after the day's work
is ended, about & o'clock in the evening, In
the end of this “eook camp,” the cook and his
satellite, the “cookie” sweat over a huge range,
weparing the rations for the hungry army of
ean h Canadians. In a learwe log barn, at the
opposite side of the “men’s shanty ‘the Jogging
teams are kept, baled hay being stored in a loft
overhead Then there are a granary, a black
smith shop. and an office, where the foreman
and sealer sleep, with an extra bed for the boss or
proprietor, when he visite the camp, the whole
forming quite a backwoods village

For an average camp of some sixty hands,
the "mens shanty” and the “cook camp” are each
about sixty by twenty feet in seize) The men
sleep in rough wooden bunks, ranged in dou!
tiers along the sides — In olden times they
on spruce boughs with a single blanket spread
over them, butin these devrenerate days they have

   

 

thin bed ticks, luxuriously stuffed with hay,
thouch they have not yet attained pillows and
sheets

With the big stove in the middle of the room
kept roaring with fourfoot sticks of beech and
maple, no one suffers from eold. Among. the
lower row of bunks rnns a wide seat, made of a
pine slab, upheld by wooden legs, and called

deacon seat Ranged along these seats the
joviel crew sit for an hour or so after supper smok
ine their stort “duhdeens” Oiled with eut plug
of the strongest variety, and gibe and jest go
around and songs are sung and stories told. The
niusician of the camp brings out his fiddle, as
eordion : dancer cuts

 

 

or mouth organ, and the jig
“stag quadrille
French four’ brings all hands outon
the puncheon floor, hoeing it down in moccasins,
shoe packs, or “larrigans,’ the latter an offshoot
of the moccasin with a boot top

Besides these lumber camps there are many
other litde cabins seatteres throughout the
woods, whose inmates, the “gum pickers” of the
North Woods, make a livelihood from the Adiron-
dack spruce \ large percentage of all spruce
trees are made almost valueless for lumber by

or spirited

| eracks, which extend up the trunks from the base

to the lower branches of the crown, in most cases
This seam
fils with resin, which exudes and hardens, form-
ing the spruce gum of commerce

Quick Divorce and Marrtage for Four,

lk rom the Clereland Leader
Ohio, April 16. The singue
husband and his prospec-

3OWLING GREE

lar spectacle of a

tive bride and the wife and her prospeetive
husband ali in eourt after a divorce was wit-
nessed in this place to-day

About half-past 0 Charles Billheimer, ace
companied by his attorney and Myrtle Mercer
the woman to whem he was to be married
as soon as it could be legally done. and lis
wife, Mrs. Billheiiner, and a man that she was

te marry as seon as she could be treed from

Billheimer, all entered the court room to wet
a diverce. Billheimer had tied a petition fer
divores, and the wite had thled a eross-petitior

asking for a deeree After considering the
matter for a Short time, Judge Taylor granted

 

the worran a diverce and the eustody of the
two children, Billhetoer and the Mercer
woman atonuce went the Probate Court office
where they secured ao leense. They ther

went to the office of Justice Nearing and were
married by jo oclock Mrs. Billheimer and
her pros peetive busband left on the first train
for Putnam county, the woman's home, where
{t @as stated they were to get a license and
be married
Billhesmer wa

   
 

recently pardoned out of the
Penitentary after serving three months of a
year's term for bigamy. He married the Mer-
cer woman the first time neariv a year ago
supposing, it is alleged, that his wife had
secured a divorce from him, It seemed that
he was migtdken inthis, andan indictment for
bigamy fgllowed. He pleaded guilty, and served
his sen?jnce,

(

} there is an exodus from the

 

WR

Np

  
   
  

perpetual youth.

   
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
    

long at a time

  
  
   
 
  

I was like a new woman
do all my own work

  
   
 

will receive."

  

 

 

 
 
  

private.

 

 
  
 

 

 

SHAVED OTITERS ONLY IN WINTER,
Washington Man Learns That His Barber Is

a Coney Island Barker and Freak,
WASHINGTON, April 21
go to Coney Island every
they know where the freaks and exhibits come
from. But they do not know that every spring
towns and cities of

Yorkers who
may think

Now
summer

other States of individuals, whe, during the winter,
are not freaks until the season open
Island

The other day a man went into a barber shoy

at Coney

 

 
 

where he has been a patron forthe last fourmonths
The chair in which he had stretched himself so
often was vacant Phe boss offered his chair

“Where's my barber” asked the patrar

“He ain't here any nore.” was the repls

The patron thought nothing of this and placed
himself under the care of the boss As the patron
was receivins the finishing touches he recurred
to the vacant chair and asked tf the wh
bad the job there had gone to some « hoy

Naw,” replied the boss, “he's left the ¢

“He was a good barber, said the patron

“He ain'ta remuler barber
“He only shaves in winter

"What does he ae sult
with the other piler

 

 
  
 

“Him? LT reekon not Goes to Coney

You don t mean to tell me he is a Coney Island
barber and he's been shoving mo all winter

"Naw, hesooniv a barber when hes in Was!
Ingten

Whats his business at Coney

Well, he kind of Muetuates, Semeur

 

helps ladies and gents |
gorounds, Sometimes he in a
a fortune teller Sometimes |

ent for

Press AL

sabarker forthe

 

 

 

snake aquarium, but he most generally goes ot
one of the stages 45 4 female impersonator, and
one summer he was an Arabin the place where
they have the camels tle makes a better Arab
than anything else
And then he comes to Washington tn winter

as a barber

“Thats what he done this winter

“INd you know tt

“Well, | didn't know tt at first, not for eertair
But one Sunday morming | cane te the shen
unexpectedly, vou kiow barber shops are
open in Washington on Sunday, and leauchet
jugelinig razors and scissors and then Thad
suspelons be was a showman Hat | dudne

know he done that Arab aet ull just as le wa
leaving me Then he done told me what }
princije! business, was in Coney

| guess you may jive me my cup and bru
and ravor - think T will shave myself as long
as | have to stay in this town,” sald the patron
as heclimbed outof the chair \fter he was gone
the boss remarked to the “neat” as he lathered

him
“That's the bigwest kicker that ever came into
this shop thet fellow ‘et wont 2 f
pL pa in
d and finds that barbus.

hues w loi

into a world untrodden and untried.

“Age cannot wither them.”
of face and form depend upon the
upon the local womanly health They establish
dry the disagreeable drains which draw the
vermilion from the lips as well as sap the body’s strength. They quench the
internal fires of inflammation in which the very elements of beauty are con-
sumed. They heal tlie ulcer which gnaws into the very life. They walk the
world as wonders—womon exempt from the sacrifice to love.
done this? By the use of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription, which makes weak
It matters not how weak the woman is, or
how sick str is, “ Favorite Prescription ” will cure the womaly ills that vex her;
will round out the sunken curves of her form, put light in her eyes, tint her
cheeks with health’s carnation, and make her a glad and happy woman. Hun-
dreds of thousands of women testify to the truth of these sta
ailing woman read the two testimonials given below and remember that these two
women speak for more than half a million other women cured by the skill of
Dr. Pierce and by the use of his “ Favorite Prescription.”

There is no alcohol in“ Favorite Prescription” and it is entirely free from
opium. cocaine and other narcotics.

INDESCRIBAGSLE MISERY.

"Words canuot tell what I suffered for thirteen
years with uterine trouble and dragging -down
pains through my hips and back,” writes Mrs. John
Dickson, of Grenfell, Assiniboia Dist.. N. W Ter
"I can't describe the misery it was to be on my feet
I could not eat nor sleep
I wished to die’ Then [I saw Dr
cines advertised and thought I would try them
Had not taken one bottle till I was feeling well.
After I had taken five bottles of ‘ Favorite Pre-
scription’ and one of * Golden’ Medical Discovery '
Could eat and sleep and
I would entreat of any lady
suffering from female weakness to give Dr Pierce's
Prescription a fair trial, for I know the benefit she

women strong and sick women well.

DO IT TO-DAY.

, biew the whistle the valve broke and

 

          
  

WHEN LOVE INVITES

The woman follows the man of her choice though the path leads out of Eden
What is her reward? Many a time when
her health is broken by the burdens she has borne for the man’s sake, her reward
is to see htm turn from her to seek rosier cheeks and brighter eyes.
nature to crave beauty in the wife as in the maid, And what woman is there,
who would not be happy to keep her maiden bloom when motherhood has
crowned her wifely happiness? Some women seem to have found this secret of
They have learned that fairness
health, and that the general health depends
regularity of the periods.
luster from the eyes and the

Campbell Co., Va.
I had been in
Often
Pierce's medi.

children.

All correspondence

THE NINTH WARD “ROOST.”
A Landmark in Greenwich Village Soon to Go

Its Long Career.
One of the best-known landmarks inthatold

part of the city on the WestSide still known as

 

 

 

 

1 Greenwieh Village willsoon be demolished. It is |
alittle hostelry in Weet Fourth street opposite
Nest place) dubbed “The Roost,” and the
collection. of painting statuary and eurio
ide | to be sold so that the
wary ' ‘ at
| earls half a century the Ahrens, father
and Nn ive Ppt the plnce hh olde
ned | { 1 red
bey by “uv ut it bee te re
sort for t | hedat i “town
he old Nit ward and the head guarter
ol zations. i nding The |
‘ ken Phe Giratise The Toby Clib
{ The J ad’ Avril Club whereat a
! or ? ide by a famous Freneh chet,
t ved at midnight, aecompagied
by tla
the barr “ilingged. with a pr!
ished hard covered witt rw
rhat ft travellers of vear
wT ’ . vost a rendezvous
\ | ved -t f the “Three Grace o
pies ¢ r ind Aphrodite stand
tre of the reom as if d of her sur
{ {rostie German beer steins and
Divi t a A ftine plorure of
beicar 4 t ' ' diod-
a ‘ | \ syiamint re olte ind
i ' 1 ttable rocking ure add
' ‘ meu th art
He dh J » Drodert he
| ' Niat ward poster i t
‘ ‘ and erow Tle owe it te Cn
bia d ervwinye 1 State Seoator
| te ' and k i Judew Terrs
\ rntig t ‘ 5 UF pa were x-b ire
( rtta Howard. Charte Cahill, the well-
‘ rr old-t e racetrack driver, ex- \iderman
John Cavanig Blues kin” Baling. Tom Hyer,
e Alker, ot tf the Volunteer Pire
rede, klovd Gra ex-Shenff Davideon
and the late Lider Sheri? GO Donnell ,

A Whistle Sixty-five Miles Long,
ron (he Milwaukea Sentinel

An odd inetdent oeeurred on the Chiengo and
Northwestern Railway Suoday forenoon at
Highland Park, [il As the engineer of the

1! o'elock
he was |
unable to shut off the steam from the nolse-
maker From Highland Park to Mi'wankee, a
distance of about sixty-five miles, there was |
nota moment when the whistle waaneoteound.

train whieh reaches Milwaukee at

 

 

ing fnil strength Jteonld be Reard tor niles
away aa the train came on ina long continuous
‘ahroil aon ndoat every ety and villuge
a pleviys earn what was
ha While tl ! he Hlowing the
{ pwas strainins nervy ok he
din apte the runn ont and suena

| jo bringing the train ints ie nou

  

 

wet rl
st ates

Yin,

It is man’s

How have they

tements. Let every

GRATEFUL BEYOND WORDS.

“Words cannot express how grateful I am for
your kind advice and your ‘Favorite Prescrip-
tion,'” writes Mrs. D. B. Barricks, of Perrows,
"T feel that it has cured me.
r health for four years.
greatly with my right side, also with bearing-down
pains, and my nerves were in a dreadful state, |
After using four bottles of your ‘ Favorite Prescrip-
I am the mother of two
With the first child I suffered twenty-
eight hours, and with the second I used your medi-
cine and was sick only three hours.
| Dr. Pierce’s Favorite Prescription to be the best
medicine in the world for suffering females
you great success, and hope that God will bless you
} in your noble work.”

tion’ I am now well.

1 believe:

if you are siok you are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce by letter free of charge, and so obtain
the advice and help of one of the foremost specialists in the treatment and

cure of women’s diseases.
Aides: Ore Re Ve PIERCE, Buffalo, N. Y.

DO IT TO-DAY.

AMERICAN POCKETANIVES,

The Greater Proportion of Those Sold Mere
Now Made in This Country.

ves annually sold

of the knives in value are now made here,

nyland and Ger-
Lperand poore®

‘in this country
W ute SOIR8 SCuUTes

The newest
a that of fine
n thie country
come into thelr
y within about
ves of English
ninuously under
1 hundred years;

in this country

 

 

 

tor Variety is

and designs have

Lh

me from there
best quality and hande
‘ more or less of a luxury;
l anywhere from $1 to $3 or $4,
} ves can be bought at whole
sale for 75 cents a dozen, fine penkalves run up

 

 

 

Private Pefley's Legal Height,
From the St. Louls Repu!

Wasutnaton, April17.
| had five inches added to his heluit
ia the first case of the kind
into the war with Spain as a private
wording tothe record

ofthe War Department, |)\- ; me
of his entistment waa} ‘eet 5
Asan actual faot, hia height
The missing fi

neohe Y { loto
trouble for Peft nee mate e loa re

. His Captain wroty a letter
the Matorto the Colonel and the
to Senator Shoup

lemn afMfida

 

Rurgeéon prepared 9
Shonp framed a}

 

added unto alia