r

 

 

iH
|

  
    
  
  
   
    
   
     
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
   
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
   
     
    
    
    
     
  
  

   

QUESTIONS OF RELIG

PROTESTANTISM.

 

It Must Stand for ite Faith or Surrender to

the Cherch of Kome.

Yo tae Eprron or Tax Sun—Sir: The
continuation of the modern outbreak of heter-
odoxy, agnosticiam, even rank infidelity, and
all manner of heresies, brings to mind the
quaint complaint of Governor Winthrop, “Il am
ever in the midst of troubles—if it i# not one
thing, it Is another.” The Governor was not a
man to put up with, or tolerate in any way,

heresy, and with the eloquent and fervent

Hugh Peteras aid and encourager, the famous
trial for heresy became history. It seems re-
markable that ata time when New England
was eo thinly settled, no less than eighty-two
heresies were condemned at thistrial. These
were Puritan heresies, committed by Puritans,
and now when our modern heretics boast of

Puritan descent, it may be a descent from

these early heretics, So blood will out. The
modern heresies seem to be only a revival of

those coademned so long ago.

Some very good men repented then, So fine
@ man as Mr. Cotton was contrite; but Harry
Vane went on his way, he and others of his
kind eventually bringing down ruin on the
Puritan cause in England, and himself and
Hugh Peter, singularly, fellow passengers to
New England, were not long separated on the
ecaffold of the Restoration. Mr, Peter tn bit-
ternesa of spirit saw the ruin coming long
before it came. In New Englund, however,
there was no toleration of errora in those
days, and outof that came strength to meet the
trials in atore for some 150 years to come.

The days of politica! trial are past; but now
with toleration the religious troubles return
to vex again, and there {sno Governor Winthrop
or any of hia kind to hold them tn check.
When Mr. William Pynchon published his book
on Unitarianisin, 1652, the — authorities
had it burnt bythe hangman. Pykchon and his
pastor, Mr. Moxon, returned in disgust to Eng-
land and never returned to New England,
Oliver Cromwe!! was in a tolerant mood and
remonstrated often with New England for its
intolerance, yet that was the blunder in his
volley which brought ruin on his son's head,
New England men saw plainiy that the time
for toleration had not come,

Now in the fulness of time, as it were,
“when every man can be his own Pope and
infallible at that,” we find a strange increase
in heresy; nothing new, by the way—the same
old thing. Long, long ago it was sald that
sclenceand religion could not harmonize; yet
they did, and will for many generations to
come, for there is nothing new under the sun,
not even in heresy.

It is @ strange assumption on the part of

modern critics, that of ‘superior knowledge of |

the ancient text’ There was never atiinein
England or America when the pastors of
churches could boast of superior knowledge of
the humanities over the early periodin New
England and of that of the Westminister Aa-
sembly. Those ministers were the rich fruit
of that fervent zea! of the Reformation, from
Calvin's time, ever increasing up to the time of
the Restoration,” when came ruln;and never
since has there been auch 4 critical knowledge
of the ancient languages.

The writer had a singular experience of this
afew years since at York, England. Happen-
ing there at the time of the Convocation, ft
was with great care that an early start was
made for that splendid minsterin which the
convocation was held. No more glorious
thurch edifleo exists, and York has a@ popula-
lion of 20,000. Therefore, in 60 quiet acity, 80
Jar removed, one would expecta great crowd
fo witness this splendid ceremonial of the
bpeningof convocation, withthe prelates and
higher clergy in thelr official robes, with the
choir and the grand edifice to inspire piety.
Where were exactly ten persons othor than the
participants; the church was dead, The next
day a dean,rising in convocation,said;: ‘'Yester-
lay at the opening service the Latin tongue
was used, and as I and several of my fellow

members are unfamiliar with the Latin we |

beg of the Archbishop that in the future the
servica be inthe English tongue” (Mind you,
these were the higher clergy). The answer
came shortanddry: “That by the rubric the
clergy were required to be familiar with the
Latin, and by the Act of Uniformity learned
bodies, such as convocations, were allowed to
use the Latin tongue, but thatif the request
was made to discontinue the Latin on account
of fgnoranece, it would be heard.” Nothing
further was said on that subject,

Here in this nineteenth century, in a con-
voeation of higher clergy in the grand old
mineter of York, York where Alcuin once
taught, a dean openly demanded a service in
English, as he had no familiarity with Latino!
Modern ministers, many of whom perhaps like
the dean mentioned must confess no critical
knowledge of even Latin, much less of Greek
and Hebrew, are now posing as learned
textual critics, The early fathera of the
New England ministry and of the Weat-
minater Assembly conl! converse in Latin,
Greek and Hebrew, and among scholars in
those days these tongues were used for com-
munication and notthe modern. Francis Bacon
had hia moet pretentious works carefully writ-
ten in Latin, for he said that was the language
of the future. His mother and aunts, the fa-
mous daughters of Sir Anthony Cooke, tutor of
Vdward VI, were ao well founded in the an-
cients that they translated books from these
languages into English and {it was no rare
thing. Queen Elizabeth was fond of her Latin,
and used it on her visits to the universities,

It was an apostate Jew who was excommuni-
eatead from the synagogue, who long ago estab-
liahed the “higher criticism.” It lay dormant
two hundred years, until {n our day and gen-
eration some critics, making use of his critical
knowledge, resurrected a forgotten acheme of
Biblical destruction, Thus it is that now we
are face to face with that heresy. Thon came
a demand fora new Bible, on the plea that the
King James version was not good enough and
a new version was introduced. In tt hell was
changed to hades, and that seems about all we
have heard of it. Now comes a sudden out-
burst agalnat the very life of Christianity as
taught by the Fathers—the doctrine of foreordi-
nation and election. The latest thing is Chriat,
not theology ; or Christ without theology—to be
“Ohrist like,” whatever that is.

The views of Ignatius (A. D. 107) onthe deity
of Christ, the Atonement, the office of the
Bpirit, the election of grace, are introduced in
an artless and unargumentative way: “Our
Lord Jesus Christ, the Sceptre of the Majesty
of God, came not in the pomp of arrogance or
pride, though who can understand the thunder
of His power? But He was meek and lowly. Let
us ateadfastly behold the blood of Christ and
see how precious it is in the sight of God,
which being shed for our salvation, hath pro-
cured the grace of repentance for all the world.
All these” (speaking of the Old Teatament
fathers) “were magnifled and honored, not
through themselves, not through their works,
but through His will, And we also by
His will being called in Jesus Christ,
aro justified, not by ourselves, nor by
our wisdom, or understanding, or godliness,
nor by the works which we have wrought in
holiness of heart, but by faith by which the
Almighty hath justified al! who are or have
been justified from the beginning. If the ear-
nests of the Spirit be s0 precious, what muat
be the things which God hereafter hath pre-
pared for them that wait for Him, Let us
aotohim tn sanctification of heart, lifting up
holy hands to Him, iufluenced by the love of
our gracious and compassionate Father, who
hath made us by His election His peculiar peo-
ple, Since, therefore, we are the elect of God,
holy and beloved, tet us work the works of
holiness.” This ie food for thought for Unita-
rians, and for those who question election.

Clement was not far removed from Christ's
time; he served with St. Paul; St, John was in
Patmos, This was the time of Ignatius, of
Polycarp, who was successor to Ignatius, both
martyrs, a6 Justia wasalso. These men were
cultivated writerainthe Greek. Tothe Preeon-
oul of Rome, Polycarnan'!) “You threaten me

with fire which burns vat fore tio hile

you are lxoorant of the eternal fire into whiva

the wicked shall be cast at the future jud«-

 

 

 

ment.” Afow weeks ago the writer attended | amithwork. Inthe “Four Masters” it is said
alecture at the Roman Church of St. Francie |
Xavier in Sixteenth street, where there wasa
week's mission, Never in any church or by
any sveakers have the terrors of death and the
last judgment been more fearfully described
than they were by those Jesuit priests, to a
church crowded from end to end by men,
was a special

OF RELIGION.

two speakera had
expended all their strength in assalling the
wicked, the men present were informed that
ten confoasors were present to receive their
confessions—all this to achurch crowded In
every part fora week, night after night. What
do we see in our Protestant churches? Empty
pews, whilo at Catholic churches, preaching &
God of vengeance for sin, a God of wrath, the
several sorvices of the day are each crowded
with believers, Yet Protestant ministers think
by modifying the creed, taking out the sting of
original sin, preaghing only a God of merey, of
loving kindness, a Christ of forgiveness, that
Whatever may become
of my Protestant Church, there is a last resort.
Rome stands faithful to the ancient creed to
most things, and we can or must forgive her
some shortcomings.

But it cannot be that our Protestant faith is
togo down before the assaults of men who
seein more regardful of self than of the time-
honored faith of the fathers.
criticism” they would destroy the Old Testa-
ment for the sake of science and motern mock
The so-called myths are to bo
oxpurgated and original sin and the vengeance
ofa God of wrath for sin are to be eliminated.
Pelagius it waa who introduced the heresy that
children were born siniess as Adam
created, and although he advocated baptism
yet original sin was done away with, Bo, we
must assume it, our modern heresijarchs would
do. Pelagianiam has plagued the Church ever
aince and seems to have a fresh hold now.

After the Nicene Council, Arianism, by policy
and favoritism of the court, persecuted Trini-
tarianiam, Athanasius was exiled time after
time, and when Genserie in Africa at the head
of the Vandal power—a brutal tyrant, Arian in
name rather than in faith--persecuted with as
much terror and barbarity as ever did any
Augustine, worn with the
labor of writing against the heresy of Pelagtus,
died; he, the ever faithful and steadfast Chris-
tian writer, from whom Calvin drew the to-
epiration of his faith and communicated ittothe
fathers of Engilah and Scotch Preabyterianism.
So predestination and election, effectual call-
ing and salvation, became the faith of the early
reformers in France, the Netherlands and in
Great Britain, as against Lutheranism in Ger-
many ‘and consubstantiation).
England embraced it up to the time that Laud
led it away out of malice into Arminianism,
the nonconformists protesting.

In America, New England churches were also
forvent in it, Harvard was founded to educate
ministers in that faith.
fallen from grace.
havoe there,

the churches will fill?

Ly the “higher

Roman Emperor,

The Charch of

Now Harvard has
Arianism has made sad
In this last year Yale, ever the
home of the Calvinist as Harvard was, no
longer holds chapel! services, It {s too large, too
President elected was on a
modern financial and not theological platform—
elected fora purse-holder, and not to lead in
prayer; and so they make merchandise of the
ancient study of theology.
than a corps of professors who teach the de-
struction of falth in the old ideals, who apend
their years picking flaws in the Scriptures of
the Old and New Testament,

The finality of it all may be Rome,
roads lead to Rome,”

rich. The last

Perhans better so

said the ancient writer.
It may come true in this later time, and we
may live to bless the rock of St. Peter againat
which the waves beat in vain, as we may well
do, ifthe Popes of the future prove tobe as
faithful asthe lasttwo. It may be, a Clement
come again—with temporal power put
away as a temptation, and only spiritual
power retained, spiritual power purified.

Let the Protestant Church make astand for
the early falth of the fathers, or go over Into
opportunism, and with that make merchandise
offaith, as Harvard and Yale have done,

New York, April 20,

TAE IRISH OLYMPTS,

Tuomas Scorr,

The Pagan Irish Said to Have Worshipped
: Many Deities.

To tue Eprron or THe Sux—Sir: As a
proo{that the ancient Irish were worshippers
of many gods and goddesses I beg to submit to
you the following data:
and Customs of the Ancient Irish,” IL, 14)
tells us that at the feast of Teamair, held every
third year, they mate offerings to all their
Elsewhere (Ibid
that during the reign of Tighearnmas, B.C,
1620, the worship of idols was introduced, and
eapecially that of Crum Croich on the plain
Crum Croich was of gold and
stood surrounded by twelve other Idols,
was the sun god, with

O’Curry (“Manners

 

Magh Slecht,

lesser gods of
His festival
the beginning of August

A description of these statues mav
be found in Hearne’s “Troland” (1183 seq.)
and Camden's ‘'Britannia’\8s), [n the old book
of Dinseanchus We are told thatto Crum Uroich
the ancient Irish sacrifleed the first born of
every offspring and the first born of their chil-
This according to O'Conor ‘Bib, Man.)
was in order to se-
cure comity with all their tribes and for their
families meatand milk and corn.
pretations have been given to the name of the
plain Magh Slecht—one that it meant the fleld
of slaughter because of the many human sac-
riflcea offered to the god there, the other be-
cause of the kneeling and violent acts of adora-
tion indulged In by the worshippers.
Patrick arrived In Treland he found the wor-
ship of the sun god Crum Croich in full force,
and in the ‘Tripartite Life of St. Patrick,”
translated by Dr. Whitley Stokes inthe Rerue
Celtique (1, 260), we are told:
went Patrick over the water to Mag Sieccht, a
place wherein was the chief idol of Ireland,
to wit, Crum Croich, covered with gold and
allverand twelve other idole about it covered
When Patrick saw the idol from
the water, whose name is Guthard, and when he
drew nigh tothe tdol he raised his hand to put
Jesus's crozier upon it and it did not reagh it, but
it bowed westward to turn on its right side, for
its face was from the south, to wit, Tara. And
the trace of the crozier abides on its left side
still, and yet the crozier moved not from Pat-
rick’s hand, And the earth swallowed the twelva
other images as far as their heads, and they are
thus in sign of the miracle, and he cursed the
demon and banished him Into hell.”

Another account saya that when St. Patrick
struck the idol with the staff of Jesus, and
called aloud for the demon to come forth, an
ug'y black fellow appeared oa whom the Saint
threw himself in anger and in the struggle he
lost a button off his coat, amd that thereafter
nothing would grow on the spot.
account says that after Crum Croich's miracu-
lous downfall the Christian priests quickly ap-
propriated his covering of gold
Irish priests and professors of the Church of
Rome grow frantic in their denials ofsun wor-
ship in Ireland, such worship was universal for
ages, and on the first days of November, when
they united in the worship of their ancestors,
they sacrificed both human béings and horses
the decreasing orb of day

“Thereafter

in his “Origins of English History”
(275) tells us that the father of
Olympus was the lord of the heavens, who
ruled the airand the weather
“the Dagda,” which Is said to mean “the good
We are told that he was ‘grayer than
His cauldron was the vault of
the aky and his hammer was the thunderbolt.
He ia attended by a company of divine artifi-
cers and bya physician, who healed all disease
His son “Lug,” @ personification of the sun,
was master of all the aciences.
other children were Hngus Mac Oc and the
flery Brigit and “sun-faced Ogma, the patron
ot writing and prophecy.”
Btokes’s "Three Irish Glossaries’(8) weare told
thatthe goddess Brigit, poetess and sceresa,
was the daughter of the Irish god Dagda, and
that she had two alaters, both of herewn name,
one the patroness of medicine and the other of

He waa called

the gray mist.”

In Dr. Whitely

eee

ee

 

that “Laeghaire took oaths bythe sun.” Under |
' more than forty different names did the pagan
Irish worship the sun, Their sun gods rode In
chariote and indulged in tho pleasures of the
chase and In fighting, and occastonally, like
some gods mentioned in a book which Protest-
ants are allowed to read, they made the ac.
quaintance of the daughters of men and were

led into trouble thereby.

As Zeus had many wives, so did Dagda, the
Irish Zeus, indulge in these pleasant inflic-
tions; but the Hera of hie celertial harem was
Moirigan. She was the mother of the Irish
@oda, the great queen; she was the goddess

of battle, who planned strife and incited to
doeds of valor; she was also the goddess of
wealth, of prosperity, the Cybele of the Irish
Olympus. According to the Revue Celtique
she had three sisters, one of whom, Badb, was
an Irish goddess of war, and these four com-
bined were the Furies, who were able to con-
found armiea, The Iriah war god was Neithb,
who was content with two wives, Nemain and
Fea, and thease were also goddesses of war.
Samhan was the god of the dead, and to him
were directed all prayers on Hallow Eve.

Cearia was the god of fire; Bridhgoe was the
aoddess of love; Ogmuis was the Irish Mer-
cury; Grannos, Apollo; Esus, Jupiter. Brigit,
daughter of Dagda, goddess of literature, was
the mother of three gods, Brian, Incharba and
Inchair, In fact, there was nothing animate or
inanimate that the pagan Irish did not wor-
ship as divine. Fire, water, trees, stones were
all divinities. As Elton (Origins, 272) truly
anys: “They recognized the presence of a God
in tho brightness of the sky, the stirring of the
bubbles in the spring, or the loneliness which
oppreased them in tho forest. They easily
transformed natural objects into deities. The

brimming rivers were ‘Mothers,’ bringing

food and abundance of riches,” That we do
not know more of this Irish Olympus Sir
William Wilde, in his “Ancient Races of Ire-
land,” tells us is because the priests of Rome
sought to obliterate every vestige of the an-
cient faith, as they have mutilated the litera-
ture of every religion with which they have
come in contact.

But the pagan Irish wera not only wor-

shippers of innumerable gods, they were also
worshippers of their dead ancestors. Strabo
(Bk. IV., v.: ef., Pliny N. H. XXX., 5) tells us
that “they fed on the flesh of their dead
fathers, ae well as openly had commerce with
their own mothers and aisters.’’ Strange as
the custom of eating one's father may seem, it
was one held in highest honor in the worship
of ancestors, for \t incorporated in the son the
aoul of the sire, his mental and physical traits,
and thus doubly endowed him in the struggle
of life. Spenser, the poet, tells us that, when
in Ireland, and this centuries after paganism

had passed, he saw anol woman take uptha
decapitated head of an O'Brien and suck the

steaming blood from it (cf. Ledwieh, “Ane,
Irish” 375). Solinustells thatthe pagan Trish
drank the blood of their fallen foes
Bullivan (O’Curry I, eocxxxlii.) acknowl-
edgea that it is not improbable that the
Irlah indulged in human sacriflees, and he
{llustrates, as a variant of the stories of Abra-
ham and Iphigenia, the sacrifice of the son ofa
virgin who was saved by the substitution ofa
two-bellied cow. Inthe old topography, called
the Dinn-Senohus, human sacrifices are men-
tioned as being held at the tombof Irish chie!-
tains, when at sunrise a god was invoked,
Prisoners were also immolated at funeral
games, and inthe “Book of Ballymote’ we are
told how one of the Irish kings brought fifty
hostages from Munster, and that having dled
of his wounds, when the funeral mound was

raised, ‘the hostages, whom he brought from
the south, were buried alive around his grave.”
That the souls ofthe dead might enterthe land
of the hereafter with a regal retinue such
burials of the living were common in many
religious cults.

Living remote from any public library I have

had to depend upon my own bookshelves, but
from them I could fi]! columns of Tuk Sun with
additional data regarding the [rish Olympus

It is an absolute fact that the Irish have passed

through every phase of primitive religious be-

lief, including cannibalism. I write it with
regret, because some two centuries ago one of
my own grandfatiers exiled himself from Erin,

and back of him, somethirty or forty eerturies,

J] dare not swear that some remotor ancestor

did not regale himself with a juicy steak from
the round of an enemy, and although T look
upon an Irish priest or professor of the Church
of Rome as the enemy of man I atill love them

because they are Irish, for blood Is thicker

than water. R. A. Oakes.

Warertowy, N. Y,, April 19.

Protestantism Not a Failare.
To THe Epitor or Tue Sux—Sir: Much is

sald in these days of the faijure of the reforma-
tion of Protestantism and of the open Bible.
According to published accounts, this was as-
aserted In different Roman Catholic pulpits
during the past few weeks. Of late Protestant
ministers and writers seam to make noreply
to such assertions—perhaps because they aro
ao obviously untrue; or, when a Protestant Je-
fends his faith and Chureh, he is liable to he
accused of Protestant bigotry and Intolerance;
or, parhaps, because of Christian deferance and
courtesy toward dear and esteemed friends in
the Catholio Church.

While nota member of any Church, I have

the blood of exiles and martyrs in my veins,
and it is probably that that surges up in
defence of the things they lived and died for,

In one of the sermons referred to the Protes-

tant Church was spoken of as a Mere congioms
eration of some three hundred sects, Well, as
water cannot rise above its souree, so no
Chureh, not even the Catholic, ean go higher
than its Founder. The great Head of the
Church laid down two laws forthe rule of life
of every one in it: “Thou shalt love the Lord
thy God and thy neighbor as thyself;" and Ho
supplemented these with, ‘Whatsoever yo
would that men sheul do to you, do ye even
80 to them.” He said not one word about
organisation, doctrine or discipline; not a
syllable about fast, feast or sucrament: gave
not a hint as to veatment, form or eere-
mony. Therefore, His two great command.
menta stand out all the stronger, and in these
two,all Protestant sects however they may differ
as to non-essentials, are united. Theyarelikea
band of travellera bound! forthe same haven,
some going by land, some by water, some by
rail, some on foot. In rich garments and in
plain, each chooses the meansand the way that
seem best to him, and with the same journey’s
end in view and the two great rules of the
road, there is friendly rivalry, bat no
such scuabbling and eontention as now
Protestarts are ladto believe. A aptiat may
believe with all his heart in adult baptiam, but
leta Presbyterian ora Methodist start anew
ehurech or church work In his neighborhood,
and If he isa Christian as well asa Baptist, he
will be one of the tlrston the scene with his
mite, a grasp of the hand and a word of en-
couragement.

The reverend father spoke of the Protestant

“‘seattering of Bibles.” All honor to them that
they have always ‘scattered’ them! Compare
the nations to-day among which it has been
freely scattered with those among which, so far
as Church and State can dictate, it is still a
thing debarred. The l’rotestante are taunted
with chopping and chang!ng of doctrine, but
how is it with rhe Roman Church? Upon the
simple doctrine of the Aposties—‘‘faith in the
Master and the preavhing of His Gospel''—has
not the Roman Church gradually added prayer
tothe Virgin, adoration of the saints, venera-
tion of relies and images, confession, indul-
gences, celibacy, purgatory, masses anda Pope
and bis Iinfallibility and the simple worship of
the early Christians has been transformed into
a gorgeous and senauons ritual? It was the
protest againat these things rather than againat
the authority of the Church that Lrought about
the aneered-at Reformation

The Protestant Church caunot claim, as does

her sister Church, to be infallible, to be the
only guide to falthand practice, On the con-
trary, she confesses to many mistakes, many
weaknesses; but so long as 4 tree la known by
{ta fruits, so long as it is safe to judge of deeds

by thelr results, so lone m1 ‘*a Chareh of

Luther, Calvin and Wesley i. chy . ure asia

 

 
 
 

the past go on her way humbly, yet proudly and

calmly.

One Wao Dons Not Tutnk PROTRSTANTION A

Fal.uns.
Brooxuyy, April 18.

The Origin of Christianity.

To tHe Epiton or Tus 8un — Sir: No
man Was ever supernaturally inspired to write,
Knowledge properly asaimilated gives wis-
dom ; thus sages and poets have always taught
truths supposed to be inspired by the deities
of their time, in their sacred scriptures. The
Persian poet Jami thus expresses the idea:

For Reason is the fountain full of old

From which the Prophets drew, and none bestde;
Who boasts of other insptration,—lies~

‘There are no other Prophets than THE WISB.

The mother-lode to which we trace back
Christianity is the Brahmin religion of the an-
cient Hindoos In their scriptures, the Vedas,
Bhrahmanas, Upanishads and Puranas, we
find all the cardinal doctrines of Christianity,
and inthe two grand epics, the lives of Rama
and Krishna, the Hero Christa, incarnations of
Vishnu, the second person of the Hindoo
Trinity. In Rama the Christ idea first appears
{in history, before Homer's day. An abstract
of the epic has been recently published in the
Temple classics, and the ‘Long Celestial,” the
best of scriptures, teaches the doctrine of im-
mortality and the incarnation in language
which no modern author has equalled, Inthe
Brahman scriptures we have the foundation
stones of Christian doctrine.

The advent of Rakya Muni, the Buddha, was
the next evolution of religious !deas, and we
find Buddhism, with its renunclationsand pes-
simism, its scriptures Alled with the distinctive
morality of the New Testament. The Pathof
Virtue, one of the books of the Trepitaka or
Buddhist Bible, seems to be an amplification of
the Sermon on the Mount, aud these doctrines
were held in Syria by the Essones or Thera-
peut, three centuries before Christ.

Now, who was Jesus whom Christians wore
ship? He left no writings, Ho is mentioned by
no writer of His day; and our knowladge of
Him was picked up from ignorant Syrians a
hundred years after He ceased to exist. We
know how little such evidence {# worth by our
experience with Divine Healers, Christian
Scientists, the Mormons, who "saw and hefted”
the golden plates from which Joseph Smith
translated the’ Book of Mormon—testimony
given on oath—and our experience with the ig-
norant and emotional generally. As science
advances our beliefs must be modified. The
change is gradual, but Inevitable,

P. Roosrve.t Jounson, M. D.
Sia Hanson, N. Y., April 17,

A Question of Plain Honesty.

To the Epitorn ov Tar Sun—Sir: Are
there not aspects of the present turmoil in the
Presbyterian Church which cannot be hiddeo
in the interest of good morals, but should be
constantly held up before the public gaze?

Dr. Parkhurst and other preachers of the
denom{nation, as 4 preliminary te their license
to teach from Preabyterian pulpits, have sub-
scribed or in some way given their adhesion to
the Weatminster Confession, This Confesston
is fora Presbyterian fundamental in all matters
of faith; he may not select parts of it to which
he will adhere, nor may he put on it or any
part of it an interpretation to suit his changing
moods or fuller study or development. [a
short, a Presbyterian !s one who hae accepted
and accepts as truth the commentary on the
{nspired Word of God as found in the Weat-
minster Confession; and no peraon not accept-
ing this Confession is or can be a Presby-
terian. Accordingly, no man holding opt{nions
such as those expressed by Dr, Parkhurst last
Sunday can honestly take Presbyterian pay
while flouting Prosbyterian doctrine,

We have had tately reporte of ministerial
inquiries as to the causes of various kinds
of decadence in several denominations of the
Christian Chureh, Now, ia not one potent
cause cowardice an! dishenesty in shep-
herds of the flock? Certain men are admitted
as leaders or oMfcers in a society on their sol-
emn profession of bellef in certain doctrines,
us an absolutely necessary antecedent to mem-
bership, and are commissioned and paid to
preach these dovtrines and none other. Lf,
then, they change their opinions (no matter for
what reason), yet still go on drawing the
salaries that should go to those who are still
believers in the doctrines they formerly held,
but pow spurn, may not men reasonably ask tf
such a course is honest and manly or dishonest
and vowardly?

The one honest sourse open to men like
Briggs, MeGiffert and Parkhurst, when they
find that they no longer agree with a Cenfes-
sion of Faith which ia the very charter of their
denomination, is to withdraw under the im-
pulse of as solemn a sense of duty as that
which animated them inentering it. Failing
to do thia they seta premium on the mockery
of the irreverent and lay themselves open to
we!l-founded charges of hypocrisy. It is use-
less for Presbyterians te diacuss the reforma-
tlon of thelr creed; the Presbyterian Church 14
the Westminster Confession. The present
members have a perfect right to withdraw and
form a new body of Christian worshippers, but
they cannot properly cal! themselves Presby-
terians; that name {8 preémpted.

Morristown, N.J., Aprills, Parirreng,

The Bible Doctrine of Fatare Panishment.

To the Epiror or THe Sun—‘#r: In your
editorial of Apri! 18 you rightly take the
ground that the question of revision of the
Westminster Confession in the Presbyterian
Church ts inseparably bound up with the fue
ture of the current doctrine of everlasting pun-
ishment, upon which there has long been a
substantial agreement in the professed faith of
Christendom,

Twelve years ago the writer, who waa then
a minister of that Church, urged the
necessity of revising its Confession, beginning
at the eschatological end of it and working
backward. He insisted that its great mistake
did not lie in the doctrine of God’s decrees,
with which it starts out, but fn its view of the
outeome in this system of things of whieh Hea is
theauther. The attempt of that Church to ree
vise its Confession ten years ago falled because
it began at the wrong end,

The point at which the framers of the Con-
fession fatally stumbled-and the same was
true of the other Reformed symbols—wasg in
viewing the resurzection of tha unjust as a
mere preliminary to their judgment, and as
heaping upon them adouble damnation, thus
denying to it, in thelr ease, the least redemp-
tive value; whereas, since death is the wages
of sin, thera ean be no such thing as recovery
from the death state which does not oarry with
it some measure of blessing. This value is
earefully graded in Seripture according to the
harvest law of ail life, that whatsoever hus been
sown must also be reaped. Tho New Testa-
ment also recognizes but two possible forma of
human existence-the earthy man and the
heavenly. Sinful men who are not prepared
for heaven'y manhood can therefore be re-

stored to life only on the earthly piane, or one |

similar thereto, which is necessarily the arena
of further trial and judgment, involving |ia-
bility to sin and corruption and a second death.

The principle, therefore—"Every man in his
own timeandorter,” and "To every seed his
own body.” gives room for the full operation of
God's eternal law--true in this world and in all
worlds=that men rise to newness of life, or
remain under prolonged judamentand abiding
wrath, according to deeds done, whether good
oril; yet the principe remaing that all reeoy-
ery from death to life is due to the redeeming
work of Christ, and that the possession of life
bringa with If the opportuni!ties of life. Ae-
cordingly, in St. Paul's view, “the promises of
God to the fathers,” whieh Jesus Christ came
to confirm, involved the resurrection, or recov.
eryto life, of the past generations of Jarael,
Fven ‘the resurrection of the unjust’ is in-
cluded with that of the juat within the seope of
his “hope toward God.” (Acta, xxiv. 15; xxvi.,
6; vill., 23.)

Tt 1s manifest, therefore, that it is a great
mistake to locate God's punishments for the
sina of thia life beyond resurrection, rather
than in that condition of bondage to death and
hell which precedes it, and to convert into an
unspeakable curse His gracious phovision to

 

 

  
  

take up again throug

 

 

 

Without this doctrine that resurrection {s es-

sentially redemptive, It fe because of thoir
failure to see thie that the higher critica #0

often stumble and become unsafe guides.
What the Presbyterian Church needs, there-
fore, 1s such a revision of its creed as will pre-

serve the doctrine of God's sovereignty, and at

the sametime let in the light of Hie redemptive
purpose in providing for all mankind, beyond
their death for ain, the boon of another life,
Graded however, in time and order, to previous
character. And so the doctrine of election
Will become not merely a call to individual
salvation, but a high vocation to take part
with Christ in His ever-advancing conquest
of the realms of death, the “Church of the
first born’ becoming vehicles of His life
and blessing to the later born—the ‘‘first
fruits of His creatures” becoming the seed
of Inter fruits and of ever widening harvests.
For it is written—and this ia the true meaning
ofa much disputed passage—that not even the
gates of hell shall prevail to hold its captives
Against the Church who, sharing in the risen
life, take part also in the victories of their con-
quering Lord, St. Paul, who knew “the hope
of his calling.” had learned joyfully to accept
His fellowship in the sufferings of Christ as the
mode in which he was being “baptized for {in
behalf of) the dead.” L, C, Baker,
Prixceton, N. J., April 17.

 

FOREIGN BUSINESS NEWS.

 

Some Scraps of Business Information Called
From Various American Consuls.

Germany increased her pig iron output from
1,988,000 tons in 1872 to 7,215,000 in 1899,

German gas companies pay $18 a ton for Aus-
tralian coal, and from $5.95 to $9.52 for English

Switzerlaud imported 15,027 bicycles in 1808,
the highest priced ones, $65.30, coming from
Belgium, and the lowest, $42.16, coming from
America. The American wheel is admitted to
be the best aa well as cheapest. Only twenty-
one wheels were imported in 1885.

England received $525,242 worth of shoes from
the United States in 189

The wholesale price of English shoes im-
ported to Sweden ia from $1.09 to $2.53 a pair.

Laboring claases and farmers {n Belgium
wear wooden slioes costing from 8 to 20 cents
a pair. On Sundays they wear leather shoes
costing 75 cents to $1.25 a pair, or cdeth slippers
costing from 25 to 75 centa a pair. No fine
ready-made shoes are to be had and custom
shoes cost from $1.50 to $6 a pair, Buenos
Ayres supplies all the leather for the foot-wear
of the Belgian Ariny

Walnut logs from 22 to 23 inches in diameter
are worth from $105 to $115 a thousand feet in
Rotterdam. Poplar is worth gus white oak $45;
hickory $54,

Bor eaux buys about 40,000,000 barrel
staves per year, all but two noilion of which
come from Austria,

Bremen received 1,045,435 bales of Amert-
ean cotton ay to Nov. 1, 1890

France, Algeria and Tunis produced 1,268,-
018.000 gallons of wine in Ise

The phylloxera destroyed 450,000 acres of
vineyards In Spain in iso) Vines in Spain or
Franoe are not worth cultivating unless they
are grafted with the American vine which ren-
ders them proof against the insect,

here were 1,057,088 acres seeded to sugar
beets in Germany last year. The yield is about
eloven and a quarter tons per acre of beets,con-
taining 12.7 per cent. of sugar.

Turkey bought $243,325 worth of American
flour laat year.

At the summer and winter races lo Moscow
and St Petorph irg 900,000 rubles are offered
in prizes, and Americau-Russian cross-bred
horae are eligible to compete for 747,000 rubles
of this, No Atnerican horses are allowed in
the Imperial studs, either full or cross-bred,
American horses soon become acclimated in
Russia and stand the cold as well as native
horses.

The proposed ocean cable from Copenhagen to
Iceland will be 404 miles long and cost about
$850,000

France exports about 250,000,000 oyster an-
nually, The Buropean oyster is valure accord-
ing to the greenness of its color and the braas-
iness of its Ravor.

Two thousand varieties of chrysanthemums
were exiivited at the last Tyons show, while
the whole number of varieties in France is
estimated to be irorn eight to ten thousand.
One plant at Lyona contained fifty blooms.

During the last flacal vear cherntoals te the
amount of $1,982,536 were exported from Liver-
pool to the United States, being ubout $7,500,000
ox than In 1893,

Americans Coniring to become dentists in
Belgium must not only have diplomas, but must
pass a careful examination,

Germany hay 861 manual training schools, lo-
cated In different towns.

Thore are 7,037 miles of completed railway
in Africa, and 4,920 miles prejected.

Japan last year had fifty lg! t railway oom-
panies, with a cembined capi al of $11,008,060
and a mileage ef 8,787 miles, They carried
99 061,989 passengers and 9.916.126 tons of freight
The agaregate profits were $6,030,676.

The rolling stock, machinery and wire for the
Bangkek (Siam) trolley Une were supplied from
America, the raile from England. The road
pays 12 per cent. on tho investment,

Uruguay gets her table agit from England
and her common salt from Cadiz.

All the soap in Paraguay is made from cocoa
oil, Cowesaat the pulp frem the nuts, leaving the
bull enclosing the kernel clean and amooth,
A cow will clean forty or fifty nuts per night.

Paraguay {mported $28.552 worth of shawls
and $12,400 worth of handkerchiefslast year. The
former come from Germany and the latter from
Great Britain.

American lard sella in Singapere at 24 canta
a pound tn ten-pound cans. American canned
fruits, vegetables and meats, as well as American
buggies, are also sold there.

Warsaw {s the centre of the watch trade for
Pouiseia, and Switzerland sells over a million
rubles’ worth annually.

AS TO SOFT CRABS,

 

Requirements to Be Observed Before an Epi-
cure Will Fat Them,
From the New Orleans Times Democrat,

“The softshell crab season ia just now in
full bloom,” remarked a New Orleans club-
man last evening. “but, strange to say, it ia
next to impossible to obtain these delicate
crustaceans properly served at any hotel or
restaurant in the city. The trouble is that
they make no effort to keep them alive and
fifteen minutes after a crab has been gathered
to {ts fathers it is no more fit for human food
than a papier mache Easter egg.

The proper way to handle a oft shell crab
{is to keap it alive in a bucket of wet moss until
it is wanted for cooking. Then take if out
wash it.drive a knife blade under the head
roll it in cornmeal and fry it light brown over a
hot fire. Treated in that way itis oneof the great-
e-t delicacies in the world. ‘The flesh is firm,
sweet juicy and exquisitely tender The nght
way to eat it is to turn it over on its back, lift
off the tender under-plate with your knife
biade, pass a coffee spoon down the depres-
sion in the centre, removing everything except
the true pads of liseionus white meat on each
side, and then thank the gods that vou are alive
But at most of the places: here erabs are 4imply
butchered. They are killed and cleaned aa
soon as they arrive and put on ice until called
for. That ruins them, for the reason that the
fles}) undergoes a certain deterioration al-
most immediately atter death, It loses its
aweetne-s, becomes dry and crumbles in the
mouth Uke so much cornmeal, It doean't
ta-te any more like the real thing than hard
cider tastes like champagne. I'm surprived
that our local cooks haven't long ago mended
their ways

In Charleston, Savannah, Ba‘tinore, Mo-

| bile and a dozen other cities | could name

dead erab could not be served. The patron
always inateta upon seeing it first. and unless it
is alive and kicking he countermands the order,

] have often seen foxy oldepicures pinch off one |
of tae small claws, 86 aa to be sure they were |

getting the same crab that was exhibited in
ady ance.”

 

GARIBALDUS GRANDDAUGHTER HERE,

She Comes From Rome to Finish Her Educa-
tion in Baltimore.

Battimong, April 20.~Signorina Loretta
Garibaldi isa} Alfheim Home at the Woman's
College inthis elty, She isthe granddaughter
of the famous Gen, Garibaldi, Menott: Gari-
baldi, the father of Signorina Loretta, was on
his father’s staffand achieved fame as a cay-
alry leader, The young woman was induced
to come to this country to finish her education
ty Miss Burt, the daughter of Dr. William
Kurt ot New York. They metin Rome, where
they became very much attached to each otner.
When Misa Burt returnedto this country she
brought Signorina Garibaldi with her.

Signorina Garibaldi arrived in Baltimore on
Tuesday. She will remain here until she On-
ishes the full course at the college, returning
to Rome ooly during her vacations, Sha
speeke English well. She will finish her work
iu three years. She is about 20 years old,

    

ea ——

resurreotion the case of
Unjust men, upon whom His death penalty for
sin has boen infiloted, Indeed, the whole of
Old Teatament prophecy, with ite frequent
Promises of future blessing to generations who
went down to shool under the judgements of
God for their «ins, becomes a hopeless enigma

 

   

  

 
 
 
   

 

POLITICAL NOTES.

Jt 18 asserted that 4 population of 250,000 Is found
in the two warda, the Twenty-third and the Twenty-
fourth, comprising the borough of The Brona, and
the June figures of the census enumerators are
expected to corroborate this statement. in 1860
the population of the district was 17,000,
They were then, and remained for fourteen years
afterward, « part of Westchester county. = In
1870 the populatton was 28,000, In 1650,
six years after annexation, tt was 74,000, In
1802, by the State census, it was 46,000. In 1805,
by the police census, 1t was 125,075. The present
population of the two Bronx wards is from 225,000 to
250,000,

 

State officers are to be voted for this year in North
Dakota, now a Hepublican State, and the conditions
under which their Popullst opponents (there are more
Popullsts than Democrats In North Dakota) are to
make the fight does not give much promise of suc
cess, The regular Populists are to hold thelr State
convention for the nomination of caadidates in Grand
Forks on July 19, and the Democratic convention will
be held atthe same place and time, ‘The Middle of-
the Road Populists are to hold a rival convention on
June 26 for the nomination of a State ticket also.

 

The first annual report of the Bureau of Municipal
Statistics, which comprises 1,700 pages, partly in
English and partly in Gaelic, has made its appear-
anee for suinmer reading.

 

In 1896 the Prohibition Presidential nominations
were made on May 27, the Republican nominations
on June 16, the Suctalist nominations on July 4, the
Democratic nominations on July 10, the Popullst
Nominations on July 24 and the Gold Democracy
nominations on Sept. 3. This year there are two
Socialist parties and there are to be two Populist
National conventions.

 

John J. Bradley is the State Senator from a New
York city district for two terms, and the building at
the corner of Fourth avenue and Eighteenth street,
which has been the headquarters of the Bullding De-
partment fora number of years, was part of the
Bradley estate and was known asthe Bradley Bulid-
ing. Its owners have recently communicated to the
city authorities a request for a more permanent lease
than the present one which !s by yearly letting from
May 1. Their communication has been referred to the
Commissioner of Buildings, who gave a favorable re
port, and accordingly, by 4 vote of the Sinking Fund
Commission, the Corporation Counsel has been re-
quested to prepare a lease of the second, third, fourth,
Afth, sixth, seventh and eighth floors of the bullding
for the use of the Department of Bulldings for a term
of two years from May 1, 1900, atan annual rental
of $16,500 payable quarterly, the lessor to furnish
heat, elevator service and storage reom. The present
rent ts $12,000, and the $4,500 additional Is for two
extra stories, the second and third.

Patrick H. Pickett, former captain of the ‘Thirtieth
street police station and present warden of Ludiow
Street Jail, has been made a commissioner of deeds.

‘The Maryland Legislature before ita adjournment
considered the proposed constitutional ameadment to
prevent bribery, but it failed to receive the requisite
constitutional majority, and was therefore defeated.
There will be no sessions of the Legislature unttl
1902, and the prospects of such an amendment in
Maryland, where {i !s said that it{!s much needed, are
poor.

The success of the Democrats !n the recent special
election in Utah seems to fx securely that State in
the Bryanite column for 1900, Utah belng now one of
the largest silver producing States in the country
The newly elected Congressman was formerly the
first Ulsh Representative in Washington.

New Jersey is now the only State in the counuy
which elects its Gevernor fer a term of three years,
and there will set be an election for Governor in the
Cranberry State until 1001. Netwithstanding that
fact, the recent Newark elevdor turned largely upon
the aspirations ef Mayor Seymeur, Democrat, for
the place atthe head of the Democratie ticket neat
year. He was opposed by one factiom of the party,
but was successful nevertheless by more thaw 2,000
majority, and it 1s now regarded as inevitable that
he will head the Democratic ticket next year, and
perhaps suceessfully, for at the election of two years
ago the State was quite close, the Republican plu-
tality for Gov, Voorhees being only 8,490 Ina total
vote of 385.000, ‘Toward this total, Essex county, of
which Newerk is the chief city, contributed 4,667,
and if Mr. Seymour should be able to reverse those
figures next year or to carry Essex by a majority
as large as he had at the recent municipal elec-
tlon in Newark his success would be practically
assured. The Republicans of New Jersey, however,
do not concede this, though they are inclimed to re-
card Mayor Seymour as a formidable antagonist.

There is no end to the troubles of the Loretet
fountain or the capenses attending {ts preservation,
removaland inaintenance, On March 21 an appro-
priation ef $2,000 was asked by the Department of
Highways torepair the injuries done by seme icono-
clast who barbarous\y mutilated |t by destroying ihe
symmetry of ove of the sculptured figures with an
axe or @ becr mallet. It appears that “this act of
vandalism has given great provocation to owr German
fellow citizens,”’ accordiug to tRe report of the repre-
sentatives of the Municipal Council known as
“Committee of One."’ In accordance with this recom-
mendation §2,600\8 to be expended for the Lorelei
fountain in addition to what has already been paid
on this account by the clty. No other fountain
erected in New York city bas interested so smalla
number of persons as bas the fragile Lorelei.

 

The statement has been frequently made among
politicians that nine-tenths of the number of those
who apply for appointment in the classified civil ser
vice fail to secure places and that the actual number
of appointments ts about (and usually less than) 10
per cent. of the number, Tae recent report of the Com-
missioners of Civil Service, the municipal board, cor-
roborates this view, for last year in New York there
were 16,137 applications for appointment under
which ¢xaminations were held and 1,709 appoiut
ments, including promotions,

It is a fact not generally recalled that, although the
demand for consolidation under the Greater New
York project was popularly supposed to be must
urgentand general in the outlying districts away
from what isnow the borough of Manhattan, there
was comparatively little supportof the proposal in
whatis now The Bronx, orannexed district of the city,
On the vote on consolidation in 1494 ‘carried bye
substantial majority in the county of New York) the
vote In the Twenty-ninth Assembly district of The
Bronx was 2,3)2 for and 2,261 against consolidation,
and in the Thirtleth it was 2.412 in favor and
2,310 against, a small lead entirely offset by the
number of Hronx citizens whose indifference was
shown in not roting 4,000 in the Twenty ninth and
2,700 tn the Thirtleth. A minority of the eltizens of
The Bronx voted tn favor of consolidation.

Undera law passed by the recent New York Legia-
lature, County Clerks must tran stult to the Secretary of
State before Dee, 15 a tabulated statement of the
oMctal canvass of the last preceding general election.
‘The purpose of this provision Is to expedite, go far as
possible, the date of the vompletion of the oMcial can-
vass and to avold any occasion for delay. Last year
the election was held on Nov. 7, but {n the city of New
York so dilatory was the Boerd of City Reeord tn
complying with the provisions of the statute that the
oMctal canvass did not appear until March 9,

The city of Cincinnatl, which has now a Democratio
Mayo, whose term of ofce does not expire until July
1, 1000, was carried by the Democrats at the State
election of November last on the Governorship and
{t returned a Democratic delegation to Columbus, the
cholee of representatives from Hamilton county being
on a general licket and not on Aisirict tickets In the
munielpal con testof April, however, the Republicans
were sweepingly :rccessful, electing Julius Fieisch
mann as Mayor and carrying through (he other can
didates on the Republican ticket by majorities Vary
ing from 4,.90 bo 7,000, Tbe defection of Cineinnatt
from the Democratic column ts a serious blow to the
future hopes of the Democratie leaders tn the Buckeye
State who have been announcing thetr expectations
of success In this year's contest Whatever it may
have been In the past, the factis that Ohio ts nowan
strongly Republican State and Democratic hopes of
success in | are for the most part delusions.

‘The Commissioner of Highways bas been author-
\eed to purchase 300,00) Granite blocks for Brooklyn
street pavements to be laid this summer. ‘The est)
mated cost of these blocks was $14,000

There are sundry Indications of a revival of the
factional eontroversies over diatrtet leadership in
many parts of town at the September primaries of the
Tammany organization end colneidentally many
Indications that the Republicans of New York county,
since the practical retirement of J. FB. Quigg from os
tensible leadership, are to harmonice their differences
in September and present a united front

The basis of representation at the Democratic Na
tonal Convention at Kansas City is equal to the
number of electors of each State, with six additional
delegates for Alaska, Indian Territory and the Dis
trict of Columbia and six each for Oklahoma, Arizoue
end New Mezico

eS

OLD EQl

ee ee
_

  

UINE PENSIONERS,

NOTED HORSES THAT HAVE FOUND
GOOD MASTERS IN LAST YEARS,

 

 

Frank Work's Palatial Home for His o1@
Trotting Team, Fdward and Dick Swivel.
ler—Little Brown Jog and Hal Pointer Keg
cued From Drudgery~Richball at Work,
but Westmont and Jay Bye See in Clover,

“There's nothing altogether new in the plan

| they are talking about overin Brooklyn to provide

a home for aged and infirm horses,” said old Hob
Kidley the other day, “It would only be doing
collectively what a whole lot of horsemen are deing
now on thelr own hoek In the way of penstoning
their old favorites, I could name fifty worn ous
trotters and pacers, noted in their day, that are
now living in comfort at the expense of thoughiful
owners, and when itcomes to roadhorses and vid
family nags, why the country is full of them”
“I suppose the old chestnut trotier Edward
draws about the biggest pension of any horse in
the world,” continued Ridley. “It would be
mighty interesting to know how much it has cos
Frank Work to take care of that eld horse and his
mate, Dick Swiveller, since they were retired,
1 guess it would amount to as much as they cost
him in the first place, and that was something
like $30,000. Let me see, It was the year Rarua
beat Goldsmith Maid's record that Fd Prie weng
through the Grand Circuit with Edward and scold
him to Mr. Work after driving bim to a record of
2:19. That was in 1878, twenty two years ago.
Ever since then the old horse has been getting
the best that was going Although they haven’,
put a harness on bim for years, he's got the bess
box stall in the finest private stable ia New York,
and is botier taken care ef than most racehorses
are. A boarding place in the country isn't good
enough for that eld fellow. Dick Swiveller was
treated in just the same way as long as he |i red,
When the bay herse got hurt in the exercising
room of the big stable up in Filty-eighth street,
Mr. Work stayed there and watched over him uni}
after midnight, just as if he was worth a gold
mine instead of being a charity horse. I suppose
Mr. Work cared more fer that pair of trotters than
for any he has owned since he began to drive on
the road, nearly sixty years ogo. And I doubt
whether anvthing he ever did in Wall Street geve
him as much pleasure as Edward and Swiveier
did when they trotted that mile to poleia 2:164, up
at Fleetwood in 1882. William H, Vanderbilt,
William Rockefeller and all the millionaires were
trying to get the fastest leams that money could
buy about that time, and it was a bie victory for
Mr. Work to beat them all Old Pdward is 28
years old this spring, but nobody would guess
it to look at him He's as chipper as a five
year-old and ought to live to be 85 with al
the care he gets.

“When you talk about sentimentamong horse
men, though, the people down in Maury county
Tenn, are hard © beat Maury wunty
is where Star Pointer, 1:59‘, and Hal Pointer,
2:04';, and all those chain-lightning pacers of
the Tom Hal family hail from) = ‘The first horse
that gave the family and the ceun'y any prom
nence was Lite Brewn Jug, 2.11%. tHesmashed
the world's recerd, beat the Big Four and was
pretty much the whole thing amoung pacers tweniy
years ago when Knapsack McCarthy was driving
him. H. V. Bemis, Jack Haverly, Commodore
Kittwson and other high rollers owned him wheu
be was the king of the tw, but he got some Lara

knocks after hittsen died, | guess nubody knows
just what did become of him for a few years afir
1e began to go down hill But somebody found
him pulting @ jiucksier’s wagon in Cleveland
six or eight years ege Then he fell inw the
bands of some people that were faster (han ever
he had been, and they used him rough; nearly
drove him te death on the road up at butlal
The story got into the sporling papers and found
its way down to Columbia, Tenn,, where the oli
horse was raised, ‘That was only two or three
years ago--just about the time Star Pointer was
making Maury county famous as the birthplace
of the first tweuinute pacer. Ponvwr's sire,
by the way, was a4 full brother to Brown Jug
Well, those folis dowa there, Wil) Polk, Lucia
Brown, M. ©. Campbell, John ‘Trotwood Move
and a lot of others got together and made up 4
yurse to get that broken«lown. pacing gelding
back to Tennessee, ‘They raised the money an
made the dea: and the old horse was puting box.
car aud shipped from DBudlalo w Spring Mil
He died there only @ few months ago.

“Hal Pointer, another of the great pacers of
the Tennessee tribe of Tials, is In clover up at
Village rarm near Buflalo, thanis w barry
Hamun This horse was by the sire of brown
Jug out of the dam of Star Pointer, and he wes
as good as his breeding When be was lial
Pointer there was no pacer in the world, unless
it was lite Direct, 2.05',, that could beat him;
but his feet gave out after awhile, and the Hatm-
lins, who owned him, in his best days, sold him to
Champ Brown, the man who brought out Robert
J, 20143. Brown campaigned the old fellow
on the half-mile tracks in Pennsylvania and ex-
hibited tum at the pumpkia shows unul be was
prevy well gone up, and then passed him alo,
They kept bim at it as long as he could earn @
dollar ast year he fell into the bands of sen
body outin Detroit Harry Hamlin saw lum on
the street there when he went out to the Grant
Circuit stewards mroting Jast February and
bought him back, so the old Pointer horse is sure
of a home ag long 48 he lives, He deserves it
“Speaking of old-time pacers, there is cone of
them running out on @ farm near Chicago that
most horsemen no doubt supposed was dead and
buried long ago. The horse | ain talking aleut
is old Westmont, that paced a mile with a runnig
mate in 2014 back im 1484. J. M. Hill, ve
theatrical man, paid $20,000 for him ngbt afer
he made the record. ©. D. Patton owns hin tow.
He sometimes hooks up the old gelding, andthe
sav he can pace like the wind for alittle way even
now, Westmont must be 25 years of rage Co
Hichball, 2:124,, the horse that beat Westmont
in more races than any other pacer exerci ‘
still living out West, but he hasn't fallen on the
solt spot that Wastmenthas. The last! hear! of
him he wasina livery stable up in Minnes: ‘0

 
  

‘Jay-Fye-See, the first horse to trot in 210 is
ving outa lazy old age on Jackson Core 6 pire
atHacine Hesasfatasascal, andyou wouen t

guess him to be more than 10 years old. Lia
four years since he was harnessed the last tin:

Mr. Case will never sell him, for he thinks the
world of the little black horse, and believes, a4
many others do, that he was the fastest trotier ena
the fastest pacer of his day, I saw young (4
drive him to beat the pacing record at Independen 4
in 1882, just after the bike sulky came oul if
(ase had waited a day he conld have aoue tle
thick to a certainty, and thus made the Lictart
gelding a champion at both gait He started
to beat Direct's 206, and went in 206',, just
missing the mark by a quarterofa second lia
track was wet, and was fully a second slow (iat
day. It speaks pretty well for the men wi wn

trotters that every horse that has held thea wera”
record since Flora Temple first beat 2 20 hae bern
yenstoned in old age, and most of those the “
ead have monuments or headstones ov« ee
graves. Little blora was so well cared for that

she lived to be 82 vears old, and was buried w th
honors at Aristides Welch's place. near Philadel
shia, when whe died. Up at the Kobert Bonner
Cem. vear ‘Tarrytown, you can see the graves f

Dexter, Rarus and Maud 8S. St. Jullen was wel
cared for as long as he lived by his old owner,
Robert Morrow, who turned him outin the alfa
on his ranch in California afier the old horse had
trotied his last race. Goldsmith Maid got tle

treatment ofa queen in her old age at Henry \

Smith's farm, just this side of Trenton. She
and her old rivals, Lady ‘horn and Lucy, wera
all buried in a row on the infield of the mile track

at Fashion Stud Farm Mr. Smith didnt co
a0 well by the great trotting stallion Jay Gor

‘
2211's. T renember secing the horee put up 6

‘
auction when he was so old and rheuma te thal) @
could searcely drag himself into the sale ring
He wasn t worth a dollar, but.Jimmie O'Neill, ‘he

old-time poolseller, bid &50, and got him just ‘o
keep the } 1
fixe it up with Senator Keyes of New Jerses to
send old Gould down to his farm, and the horse
apent the rest of his life in comfort and died thers

| Senator Keves has a pensioner on his henda now
in Harre Wilkes, 2 13's, the best trotter of his cae
in the freeforall clase and atone tine believed

orse from falling into bad hands

o be a record breaker. The old horse celebrated

his twenty-fourth birthday last month”

CLOTHES TRANSFORMATION.

Now the Uniformed Employee Gets Into Citt-

zens’ Dress in a Moment,
In these days of uniformed employees there

are to be found means whereby a uniform coat
may quichiy and easily be changed In its appear
anse to that of an ordinary civilian. ‘This is
done simply by changing the buttona Thera
are different kinds of buttons for this purpose
Some are made with a shank that goes throug!
an eyelet made in the coat, where commonly @
button would be sewed on, this movable butt

being fastened atthe back Buttons of this hitd
are changed bodily, one kind removed and t)4
other kind putinitsplace ‘Lhereis another kine

transformation button in which a black button
of ordinary appearance, is sewed onto the ec

in the usual manner there to remain, the ¢
button in ti ve consisiing of a cap which
wrews, or is otherwise fastened, right over
black button, whichtiteovers, Screwing on theo
caps would puta man into untform; taking ther
MW would put him ba into o blue coat such as
might be worn anywhere

Phe device of a silk band that may be putin a
moment around a uniform cap is familiar is
covers up the guokd braid there, which is after «|!
likely to be the most conericuous thing abet

a uniform, more so than the brass buttons «n
thecoat Itisa common thing for men who wear
uniforms in civil emploviments to keep an ordiness
hat where they can get at it to substiiuteil oF
the oficial cap when their work for the day is