1 TRIO OF PARIS CAFES.

1o4B, NELL AND) HEAVEN AS

THE
RED BY FRENCH FANCY.

riett

 

pripks at High Prices Served by Under-
takers, Devils and Angels—Performances
rhat Go With the Drinks—Freach Liking
for Play Cabarets of Another Kind,
pans, April 1b Somebody tried to give New
syecabaret feverafew years ago by starting
( skull and-crossbones cafe in the Casino
sei lil hse The disease didn't take, Judged
length of time It lived, the cafe should
aported ® butterfly, not a skull, as an em-

the New York cabaret was an imitation

in aris, but the one over here has not

st oll its features are ghostly —
easily Exposition visitors will give it
wunmer of tis existence, After that,
neasdead as one of the skeletons which

rh

ne het
given up | egh

 

 

jis chiefornaments.

‘aris cabaret district is on Montmartre,
Asarule, Americans have a vague idea, if they
have any at all. about Montmartie. ‘They have
heard much about the Latin quarter, which they

fas a hind of continuous vaudeville per-
ance not intended for women, As @ matter

ithe Latin Quarter is generally Ihiladel-
its respectability mpared with Mont-
\oatmartre, though the highest part of
is the abode of the submerged tenth and
her tenth that ought to be submerged but
It the native heath of the

think

 

in

 

" be ia also
cabarets
Most of
found near the Place Pigalle
ehich form @ sort of sequence, are in the same
bl ck and probably under the same shrewd man-
agement. The first is the one which was the model
for the funeral specimen in New York. It is
called the Cafe du Neant, which means Cafe of
Nothingness, or of Death, Across the street,
side by side, In convenientif unnatural proximity,
are the Cafe de V’Enfer and the Cafe du Ciel, in
other words the Cafes of Hell and of Heaven
These three are very good samples of what may be
expected of a Paris cabaret
ucht to begin with the Cafe of Death.
In the first place, 1t comes first in the sequence
In the second place, it is the worst of the three
aod the sooner one is through with it the better.
‘rhe front is painted black, the doorway is hung
with black and above itis a sickly green light
Inside the place there are coffins for tables, skele-
for corner cupbeards, and croquemorts for
waiters A croquemort 1s a professional pall
pearer, and itis certainiy not his fault if French
funerals are not the @aldest in the world. With
hia seedy, ill-fitting dress suit, his varnished
high hat, and his business-like handling of the
dead, asif be were loading a second-hand melodion
gto a moving van, he produces a gloom which

these nondeseriptinstitutions are to be
Three of them,

One

 

tops

  

svercome,
ne of these cheerful beings brings a high-col-
jared glass of beer to each visitor and at the same

can

ven the candles nor the wreaths of glass beads |

lime sticks @ bit of lighted taper into a hole in the |

colin Hd, one taper for each person. The beer
costs eight cents a glass, but the less sail aboutit
the better, The eight cents is really the price

f admission,
the centre of the room and with some lugubrious
{Jokes on the subject of death in general says that
be will show the “ladies and gentlemen” a choice
assortment of ways of dying, that they may be
able to make a selection to suit themselves

hen, one by one, a series of transparent pictures

As the tables, that is to say, the |
begin to fill up, a head croguemort takes \

SSS SSS = j
~

iv \ Cia

the present excellent article moral warnings
conveyed by means of optical illusions.
From hell to heaven is only a step. The imp
in the red cave which leads to the inferno is on
excellent terms with St Peter, who has charge of
the doors of Paradise. There is no rivalry be-
tween them, no competition in trade, but a friend|
aiding and abetting which ts lovely to see If
you come out of Hades the jovial imp recommends
you to take a peep at Paradise, When you come
out of Paradise St. Peter's parting words of ad-
y are for you to have 4 look at Sell before you
leave the quarter. In view of this love feast the
intluence of & common cash box ia inevitable.
One enters heaven through a portal surrounded
by pink and white clouds of the cumulus papier:
mache variety. The interior is like the inaide of
@ great church or abbey, with a long table in the
centre, a pulpit at one side and chairs all around
the walls Heaven is popular. The favorite
consommation here is beer, or something very
much like it, though capable of wearing a high:
er collar, It costa 16 cents @ glass, the glass not
included. It is served by angels in curly blond
wigs, white garments hanging over the belt and
reaching to the knee, pink stockings, sandals
and Wings. Perbaps moth aod rust do not cor
ruptin the real heaven, but the Montmartre one
hasn't been able to keep the moths out of its wings.
‘The dapper, graceful head imp of the Inferno
is a much more pleasing object than the fat head
angel of Paradise, with his wig and wiags askew
and his robe stained with beer. The whole ce-
lestial outtitisa sorry lot, St. Peter, angels, monks
and all, It is am ak who explains the various
fom which ornament the place; the guiden calf,
the wine cup and so on, ‘Then living pictures
are thrown by reflected light on @ canvas at the
end of the darkened hall, and after that the crowd
is hustled upetairs to make room for more visitors
at 16 cents @ head = In the upper room there Is
the inevitable stare, the inevitable darkened hall,
this time reflecting dull gleams of light from the
gilded vaultine. ‘There are also the inevitable
optical illusions, turning now on what sort of
paradise different types of men and women would-
choose. And at the exit is an angel with @ bas-
het full of imitation twenty frane gold pieces,
Leave # sou in exchange for one of these Napo-
leons and you will be welcome !n Paradise
These cabarets must not be confused with cer-
fain other cafes of the type of the now extnet
Chat Now. There are several of these in Mon-
martre, where some of the clever: + poeta and
reciters of Paris give their own poems, half sing-
ing, half saying them in a yay that is purely
Parisian and often wonderfully effective. hese
places are not cheap and are frequented by some
of the brightest men and women of Paris. How-
ever, a perfect knowledge of the French is as
essential here as it is undesira cle at the cheap
cabarets, where the wit is not of a hich order.
Hut even with a ‘light acquaintance with the
language one can enjoy a visit to such @ place as
the Bolte a Fursy, which is the form in which

 

 

the Chat Notr has been reeuecitated Only the
veigner Who misses the meaning of the French
and wae ould not appreciate the delic tous po

litical eatires even if he understood them, will
do well to look to the audience for most of his enter-
lainmenut

TALES BY METHODISTS.

Quaint Experiences That Lightened the Pro-
eeedings at the Conference.

WASHINGTON, April 21 —Methodist preachers
and laymen who attended the recent Conference
in Washington have gone home, but have left
behind them which will not appear in
the regular report of the proceedings Perhaps
no man at the Conference wielded more power
and at the same time enlivened the proceedings
more by his bright sayings than Hishop W. A
Candler, One day in advocating « more lib-
eral loosening of the purse strings he said that
several years ago he sent an article to A paper
in which he said that “we pray too loud and work
too little The intelligent compositor got in
hie fine Ttalian hanc and when the article ap-

ared it read, “We bray too loud and work too
iia Lietit@oatthat,” said the Bishop. “Tha
factis, I believe the printer was night, and I never
atiempted to correctit’

It was related by one of the Southern ministers
at the Conference that Bishop Candler’s father,

stories

 

ber of meninasingle halfday. [twas this way

| whe was not 4 minister, converted a large num
|

pround the upper part of the walls are lighted |

and

fippantiy commended to the company.

Next, the visitors are requested to pass through
a biack door, where a monk counsels them in
hollow tones to leave all hope behind. Thence
through a stifling black passage, into a long,
narrow, black room with only a dim light on 4
stege at the far end. Here everybody steps on

everybody else's toes and walks on trailing skirts |

and falls over a small platform; the air, if it were
not already as foul 4s that of a real tomb, would
be heavy with polite French swear words. An-
other monk says

Sh-sh! Do you not know that you must show
respect to the tomb?”

Where are the ghosts” demands somebody

They are coming,” says the monk in tones
which are at least forty feet below ground

(hen he asks if any young man will kindly
enter a coffin which is standing on end on the stage,

ani an especially resy, blooming young fellow, |

doubtless hired by the week, goes up. The one
really interesting thing im these cabaret perform-
apees, aside from the conversational by-play
between audience and showman, is the use made
of reflected light by which some really clever
iilusions are produced. In this case, the young
man is gradually reduced to @ akeleion and as
slowly rebuilt into his rosy self egain The
same trick is repeated with # young woman aad
then & person on the stage is apparently surround-
ei with figures of other persons visible only to
the audience, and to it only as reflections The
eolertainment is broader than it is long, It is
ai over in iftean minutes and (he compan mS]

resurrected by way of @ side passage eading
tothe open aur and life of the boulevard

5

i repeating the formula which one hears in
Overy kreneh church

for the souls in purgatory, if) you please.”

  

 

 

 

puleran for this particular inferno | The
eatrance imitates the mouth of a cave, hung |
With stalactites and ruddy with the light from
recgtlobed electric lamps. The pullerin opens
ad ishers the visitor into another cave and
eu him in. Immediately half a dozen red

ps call out a jovial welcome and invite bim
to sit down and recuperate with some of “the
evils plils

The path which leads to destruction has the
Feputation ing broad, but this Hades is nar- |
how enough when you get into it. It bas room
for arow of small tables down each side, close
against the wall, and enough space between

two rows for the imps to prance back and
forth bearing the devils pills, These pills, by

 

  

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

    

 

 

 
  

\ier this brief and not too pleasant sojourn |
in tie Hmb there is sumething peculia:ly inviung
eooulthe warm, red glow across the street, mark
ing (ie entrance to Hades A Mepbistophelian
personage in red, with perky horns and @ lon

ti whieh he carries over his arm, plays the rofl '

famous and ghastly deaths, by poison,! fire, |
ve guillotine and other means, are portrayed and |

At the |
exit stands the mouk, shaking a4 collection bag |

 

The Bishop's father owned a large number of
slaves and gave them many liberties Ile dis:
covered that when the men were in the flelds
| working they killed a great deal of time in argu-
ling about religion Some were Bapusis and
ome were Methodists, and frequently they would
become so deeply interested in upholding the
doctrine of their respective churches that work
would cease entirely, One cold day in the early
spring a gang of men were burning brush and
clearing ground near @ creek when & religious
argument arose, Mr. Candler grew tired of
| such discussions and erdered the men to tke
off their clothes. ‘This they did and he told them
that they must get in the creek and stay there
until they expressed a belief in the Baptust faith
Some of them ebered unwillingly, but all went
inw the water Gnally and not one was permitted
to leave it until he felt that he was a thorough
Baptist After this, it is said, religious discus-
sions ceased among the men, and the colored
Haptist Church received a number of new mem-
bers from Mr. Candler’s slaves.

| “The lot of some Methodist preachers is not
an ensy one,” said the Rev. J. D. Andrews of
Alabama. “They are thrown about from pillar
to post, going to the charge to which the Dishups
assign them. How some of them manage tolive
I cannot imagine. [tis said that one poor fellow

who spread the gospel on a circuit in the northern
part of my State received for this years Work
$2.45, two pairs of vara socks, one palr of j*an
trousers and three pecks of
the potatoes the goed old Iady who sent them
made the request Bat the parings should be saved
as she wanted them feed her cow.”

The races at Bennings were fn full blast during
the conference, and a dignified minister said:
“There are preachers in this conference who could
go out to the track and pick out the winner eight
times outef ten. These are the good old ministers
who !n their early days were {tinerant preavners.
From the very necessities of thelr calling they
hecame acquainted with the good and bad qual
{ties of the horas, and a certificate of character
as toa horse from one of these good men would
prove of great commercial value to frequenters

of the race. While the {tinerant preacher might
be careleas aa to his personal appearance and coin-
fort, he always !nsieted on having 4 good borse
tiahop Mckindres, ane of the earliest and most
esteomed among his people, in his will left ample
provision for the wel keeping of his horse while
the animal lived, illustrating that a meretful
man jis merciful to his beast. John Wesley, no
doubt, Influenced by the many obligations he
felt himself under to the faithful horses that had
carried him from place to place in his long pil
rimage, entertained the iden that they have a
Berentver and will live at peace and rest In thelr
spirit land.”

“There's nothing like getting squara down
to business,” said the Rev. Jo M. ‘Terrill of Vir-
ginia, “but I have known instances in my min

isterial career where the thing was overdone

  

   

 

vatoes, and with |

SSS SS se

| wish to havea further talk with rou

 

| his man on such a meagre deseription

| same afternoon

    

SINGLE TALENT OF SOPER,

IT GAVE PLEASANT DREAMS TO
LIFE INSURANCE SOLICITORS,

 

And for Three Years a Lonely Life Was Glad-
dened — The Evident Milllouaire Who
Wanted His Life Insured and the Solicitors
Who Were Very Anxioas to Insure It.

“Whenever | hear a young man complain of
not having the right kind of a chance in life,”
said the general life Insurance agent, “I think
of old Soper, and his one talent, and what he made
of {t, Never heard of old Soper? Well, he's
been dead these fifteen years, but he gave pleasant
dreama to one whole generation of struggling
life Insurance solfeitors

“It was shortly after I had gone to work asa
sollcitor for the Fraternity Life, nearly el@hteen
years ago, that I met him first. One day an
elderly, well dressed man came into the office and
asked if he could get a few {acta about the Fra
ternity's polleies. 1 got him into a retired corner
and proceeded to fill him up. He was 4 very In
telllgent man, with a clear head for figures, and
he made notes from time to time with a heavy
gold pocket pencil In a morocco covered notebook

“When I had told him all | knew, he thanked me
and said. ‘You seem to have an excellent polley |
and I may wish to talk wlth you further If you |
will kindly let me have your card.’

“LE did so and suggested an early Interview, and
after 4 moment's reflection he named what was
in those days the top-notch hotel in New York,
and sald I might look blm up tn the smok!ng room
that evening between 6 and 7

“The rest of that day I spent in trying to con
ceal my satisfaction from my less fortunate fellow-
empleyees. My career in the Insurance business
had so far netted me one two-thousand dollar polley
and I had begun to have misgivings. But here,
platniy, was the tnsurance solfctters’ ideal --
solid affluence and strict business, the kind of man
that doran't talk anything less than 810,900
It was probably only a question of whether I had
the stuff fn me to get the Fraternity in ahead |

“L showed up tn the hotel smoking room at
five minutes past 6, and about half past he strotled
In with an ovening paper. Tecot him inte an easy
chalrand @™t to work T thought I talked well
and he certainly seemed deeply Impressed. Finally
when the parchological moment seemed to have
arrived T sald

“Now, Me. Soper,’—he had given me bis ecard
at the office—'I want to write you for $10,000
atonce’'

“Ten thousand dollars,’ he repeated. There
was that tu his tone that told me on the Instant
that the sum I had named seemed Insignificant

“Or better sill, $25,000, T sald as soon as I
caught my brent!

“Whatts your Insurance Himit®
Fifty thousand,’ I gasped

He nodded quietly, and seemed lost for a time
in meditation ‘Then suddenly he arose

“Your pulley has features which attract me
he sald—with a kindly smile ‘Indeed, the
Influential's {s the only one that seems to com
pare with It. I am to see the Influential agent
to night, and If ldo not conclude with him [shall |
Just now
I must ask you to excuse meas {tls my dinner
tline

“Oh Lord!’ I sald to myself, ‘there's just my
luck Teould have the thing nalled {n five minutes
more, and now that other agent, who's probably
an old hand, will practically take that 850,000
commission out ofmy pocket.’ Imadealightning
calculation of how much money I had with me
$25, by an accident, and summoning all my nerve
asked the eldchaptodine withme Heronseated |
gractously, and {t looked as though I had my |
opportunity by the hai |

“T wont bother you with tho details of that dinner. |
After we'd finished soup flue Pointe and soup
had always seemed to me a simple maiter-I

 

 

he asked |

  

 

retired from the role of host in confusion, and
asked him te take charge, which he did. I had |
started the wine with a medest heck He or |

dered a claret, [afite, of a vintage, he said, he
could recommend, which cast more than cham |
agne, and {cllowed it up with a Montrachet at
6 4 amore And at the end he intraduced me
to his favorite brand of cigars. a fat thing he called
a Celegtiale, that smoked like a dream of Araby
the Hleat. and for which I subsequently gave up
50 cents apiece

“When [ wandered home that night my pocket
book was lighter by 824.75, but what did that
amount to”? He was Fane to drop me a line
when to come round and finiah the thing up~ and
fifty thousand was the amount he was thinking of |

“But, somehow, although I saw him half e@
doven times during the next two weeks, T hadn't)
quite janded him; although every timel left him

it seamed as though eversthing was over except
draving my commission. He lunched with me
three times during those two weeks and dined
with me again. | Nad to borrow the money, but
{t was no time te look ata dollar or two And
then, sura enough, I eot him over ta Delmonico's to
luncheon, one day, and did land him ~ for 850,000

and got him around for his examination that

“Two hours later[ saw our medical examiner

He looked sy npathetic.
Sorry,” he said

“Oh, look here,’ T replied,

“ ‘Sure as death,’ he said

‘Brivht's disease.’
are rou sure”
Net very far ad-

vanced. but the analysis is plain as day = Abhsao-
lutely worthlesa risk ’
“T wrote Soper a note the next day. But,

though it wae the only decent thing to do, it was |
several weeks before I got up courage to go reund
and see him. Finally one night | did hunt him
up. but | didn't sav my litde speech. I found him

 

 

jin the main dining room *f dinner One Per
kine, an agent of ihe influential. was doing the
henors. ‘There were all sorta of thing® on the

table. aolid and liquid. Also an aasertment of
insurance tables ’erkina was talking earnestly
and Mr Soper seemed ceenly impressed 1 re-
tired quietly, pondering aa Il went

/ anys of weaks Jaterl ranacross Perkina =|
mentior seeing bim at dinner, and asked him
catually if he had come into a fortune. Then
Perkins told me a harrowing, hard-luck story, |
how he had happened on to this solid, elderiv
party who wa@eridentiy a millionaire, how he had
worked at him for three weeks, spent 854.45 in |
lunches and dinners, finally written him tor fifty
thousand no lees and had him thrown down
on his medical examination

“| offered Perkins my sympathy, and after
that tried to forwet the Sorerepisece, until one day,
young DPeasiey, our newest % Meiter took me aside
Peasiey had heen acting peculiarly Ordiner iy
he was one of those not unsttractive youths who
share their hones and feare with such of their
acquaintances as can be got to listen. But lately
he hed affected a portentous demeanor that had
puzzled, the rest of the office

Peasler swore me to secrecy, and wanted to
borrow $4) Fifty cents was considered a sub
atantial accommodation in the office in those days
Teasley noticed my distress and made a clean
breast of t.¢ mater }

Old man, he said. quivering with suppressed
excitement, ‘if T can raise 859 Tre got a chance
of making a year's salary before Saturday.

‘It appeared that hed picked up an elderly
gentleman, who was evidently 4 milllonaire, and
who had practically decided to have Peasley
write him for no less than 850.000. But, of course,
such a deal as that required time and tact. Por
instance. on several occasions Peasley had taken
him to luncheon ordinner, Of course, you couldnt
ask a millionaire out to any quick luneh, and
Peasley had been a le to raine about 845 so far

‘When Peasley paused for breath T advised
his withdrawing from the transaction where it
stood

“Why, what's the matter with it? asked Peas
ley bristling

First, vour elderly
ease,’ Lenid, ‘second
gormandising old fake

Pensley up and regarded me
He thought was funny that T could

 

friend's got Bright's dis
believe he's a nice, smooth

-
g

rot

it

sternly
dentify
and sug
rested turning over to moe the fakes address after
Re hed withdrawn from the case
\ fortnight later he came around and apol
ogized handsomely He mentioned our manager

and the police, but I discouraged the iden \
If this story gets out now, | told him, ‘we'll
be gray headed before we hear the last of it. Let's }

| keep quiet and give Soper a chance

way a erries in @ poor imitation of a cock- |
‘ | cil 1 the drink } r consommation, | For Instance, I remember once at a camp meeting
+ Whe Frenct petly e¢ se thing’ 20 | :
( Mf this aa ~~ ant Bo ne i ait cs | hearing. (he exhorter exclaim ‘Souls will be lost
MAN 8 ' ‘ t fabs
f st of ring. Che rest ia for rent, | this very day for want of more straw around the
i ¥, wares, red globes and other expenses. | mourners’ bench!’ And at another time I heard
jeoxed at from this point of view the consommas } @ preacher, who was the fleld agent for one of
a speusive, Looking @t at, however, | our religious publications, sag: ‘1 did not let the
Panny 4 itol view js te tter than crinking 1 l eonverts halr get dry before I impressed him
tt ems so cheerful aud picturesque after) with his dutw of subseribing for the paper and
ee cine ene { the eight-cent tomb across | paying for itin advance.’
; 11 one is ready to swallow almost | ane ——
, . t the pills. ‘The place is line a
' «a hung with stalactites At first | DON'T INVITE AMBASSADORS.
{ : see the Among these excrescences |
A sandlow calling are figures in relied; | Diplomatte Usage Requires That It Re Done
Rey Poe aee ta oy an Through the State Department.
ith 4 if ‘ up the
; vith big pincer The whole From the Philadelphia Public Ledger
4 oe ne @ id ts bid VUSIY Pealistte, Wasniveton, April 18.--The blunder made
\ beeus \ “ . .
‘ “ “! j PS Yr ore 4, tn . bv the Chicago authorities in inviting the Span-
- ver eve thing, the } g,
’ + faces of the inevitable ladies | ikh Minister to be present at the approaching
eof who loon quite at home | Newey celebration tn that city is not singular
lable rae thick. a lane’ In this case, however, it gained a prominence
th) with either red or green. | and character that would not have attached
y ' Ms down at a iable it) jad it not been for the peculiar relations that
ic inevilably demands | 1, puke d’Areos naturally sustains to the
< to breath upon the glass,” | proposed celebration
It frequently happens that well-meaning per- |
reathes uy the glas r 5
etki : . th . } . wnerant of the customs that govern the
’ it th neh
lay’, ead inp sain Diplomatic Corps, send its members commu.
ind everybody 1s itions of various kinds whieh are improper
a creditt ce s cata i which, therefore cannot be given any
\ anid, ye anacensing | noticea whatever All diMculties in this
r 44 aactasned pots regard could be avoided if persons desiring to
i oo ts Neh ss, communicate with members of the Diplomatic
7 : sae’ aoe eeu | Corps or to send them personal invitations
and, e as he req t) atten d publicor private ceremonies would do
blu ee so through the Department of State, It has
in to what Ke save ie only pecentiv become the custom for the mana-
iwile’ You were at the | &ersof ceremonials such as that about to take
ratthe lion Mafehe” place in Chicago to address themselves directly
hn the tomb, in apite | to,.ferelan representatives in Washington
” head im ms Ab atnr | With the best of intentions on the part ef the
P ‘ Acinting out the tortured | projectors, much mischief may esult from
and ceiling explaining who | wis laxity. In the present case, for instance,
\ e they chime to eo Unclanannt an | ie. 2 dily be perceived that the accept-
nsiructi¢e discourse is over, the | ance by a member of the Diplomatic Corps in
ant grotto, larger | Washington of an invitation to glorify the
, # first. Here reas | crushing, defeat of the Spanish nary at the
; me clever mechanical illu | hands of Americans might censtitute a gross
; ee eee eat vari. | violation of the spirit of neutrality which ts
j " J his part of the entertain rpposad to animate their Governments, and
} f--not morally, but mechan | might involve fr difleulty with his own Gov. |
oat er tuary cafe across | err meant he mowary diplomatist who aceepted
would be wel, on second | sueh aa Invitation
: sone ee ee itectimata | It is said at the State Departmemt that it ts
} re, the imps do turn a few | too much to expect that there should be a gen-
t pe one of their number | eral nnowledee of all these little diplomatio
e half a basketf{ul of small | iatricacies, wherefore, to prevent humiliating
wh arting visitors carry | incidents, it wold be better for projectors
i fer leaving a copper or two | of public demonstrations who desire to secure
r ‘scet With this additional source of | the attendance of members of the Diplomatic
: for the staff of ; Moe ent | Corps to avail themselves of the knowledwe
r aff « mps, the management ors aval :
Bid fe sirtain theeentand-a-halfstond | and experience of the officials of the State

eal the same time providing | Departiner*

“We kent quiet, and Soper improved his chance
beautifull luring the nest six months he
vent through our office like an epidemic. He
was au artist. We got so we could spot a new
victim by his symptoms arrogance and mystery,
and an urgent need of ready money. And after
each man had passed througn the ordeal we
brought him into our secret conclave and waited
for the next

“Then we made outside investigations, and
found that nine tenths of the life insurance ofc
in New York were being favored the same wa
aud the rest were coming int) line at the rate of
two or three a month, The various medical et
aminers gut ©0 they waived with any formal ex
amination when Soper was brought in of
course they might have given the whole snap
away. but I learned afterward that he won their
sympathy at an early period \nd as for the in
surance solicitors themselves t vot to he a point
of honor in every office in New York to keep quiet
and give newcomers the benefit of the experience.

“Then, suddenly, Soper dropped out of view
and it was @ year before any one heard of him
again. liitone day | happened through hia old
haunt in the smoking room of the top-noteh hotel
and found him. He was dreadfully changed
and sick looking 1 shook hands with him, but
he didnt know me. Sol introduced myself and
gota heart-to-heart talk out of him

“He had been a bookkeeper somewhere down-
town, on an extremely meagre salary, and up to
the time he was 5) his Me had been spent
tween adingy office and a shabby hoarding house
Then one day an e4nergetic young insurance
solicitor had got him inverented in a small life
olicy for the benefit of his sister's children out

Wisconsin The young man had taken him |

 

 

 

 

THE SUN SUNDAY, APRIL

| as if

' then

99

to dinner at a cheap French restaurant and the
young man's company had rejected him on the
kround of incipient Hright’s disease But that
modest French dinner had been a@ bright spot in
his career, and it aet bim thinking. And as a
result for nearly three years that lonely life was
gladdened by tho best table luxuries thet the best
restaurants in New York could provide

“And it may seem strange, but a few months
ater, when poor old Soper went before his final
examiner, an enormous wealth of immort lies,

the giftof some sixty odd New York life insurance |

solicltors, lay as @ tribute on his coffin

ELLEN DUFFY'S WAKE,

Her Relatives Took Care of Her Property
When the Hospital Reported Her Death,
“Lsee by the papers that the case of Ellen Duffy
againet the city is comin’ up to-morrow, said
Rafferty
"Dye tell me so?” replied Madden with
terest. “And what's the matter wid Eien”
“Oh, she has a claim agin the city for neglect

© duty o' public officers and for $200 in mouey, |

twelve dresses, six jitticoats and five pairs 0!
shoes taken from her closet while she was in the
hospital lasht winter wid the rheumatiz.”

“Faith | knew she was sick, but this ts the fust
time I heard anny thing the loss of her money and
clothes, Make no bones about it, Raflerty, but
tell me all about it!

“Woll,” resumed Rafferty, “you know that Ellen
is an ould maid mighty careful of her money, ond

she lived on the top floor Lack of a tinement in |

Nineteeuth street where she had two as cosey Toons
as yell fund annywhere Her cousin Kate
Dutfy went to see her one evenin’ and she found
Ellen in bed sick wid rheumatiz and no wan t
take care of her, Wate became frightened and
what did she do buthad the drug store man on the
corner ring for an arab'lancesand they tok poor
Ellen to the hospital. Hilen was that sick that
Katie thought she would never get well and so
she left her name acd address at the hospital in
case annything like death might happen to lle
Well, she was in the hospital about a week whin
wan o' thim orderlies came downstairs wan dey
Aid tld the clerk that Idlen) Duffy was
What did the clerk do but sint a postal card to
Kate, savin’ that her cousin was gone to haven
When Katie gut fhe tears outol ber eves st
word to the undertaker to wo afther Ellen's body,
aid thin she goea out to find Ellen's friends aid
relatves to make ready for the wake At 10
o'clock that night they all met, twinty 0° thin,
at the late lamented’s rooms, as they say in ihe
chureh service, to make what little preparations
were necessary tu put poor Ellen to sleep wid a

we sinds

shovel
“That must have been a very mournful meetin,”
said Madden
Well no, not so mournful as you might think,

sad Raflerts “They found a quart o° hard-
ware in the closet and by the time the bottle had
gone around twice they were all wishi Kilen a
exfe journey through purgatory, @od there was

ne'er a weteve in the place nora dry throat

“Tig nousinse, this cryin’ annyway,” inter
rupted Madden
“And what's more,” resumed Rafferty, “they

found half a sugarcured ham and some crackers
aid before yed be winkin’ twice they had the
hettle singin’ on the stuve and everything as july
twas a weddin’ and not a wake they
gettin’ ready for. Whin the ham and crackers
were goue and the whiskey was sint where twoud
started rummayin’ around
nhave. They brought

were

do the most pod hes

 

the place in the way wo

 

 

out all her dresses @ud jatd them on the iaole
There was a dozen o thin, Madden, fae eneugh
for anny leddy hate poewed up wan thin
wid bowealloverit, And sheenrs, says she

“Ot course, gts, re are all sorry that Pilenis
gone—ileaven rest her soul’ but she cant wear
any o these pretiy things, wherever sheis, lim
thinkin’ she's lookin duwn from above in glory
where she is and thinkin’ that this dress would
look wellon me. Whatd'ye say, girls

‘Laha, if buen heard that remark shed leave
heaven to kill Katie, Sure she had a temper (hat
‘ud melt iron,’ said Madden

“I'm thinkin’ you knew her, Madden,” resumed
Hatlerty Of course all the women agreed wid
iaue and when they got through sharin’ ihe
clothes there were noter: ugh ragsieftin the house
to cover a sittin hen. iite Mary Duily, a fourth
cousin o' the dead woman, picked up @ petticoat
lined with red silk and *ays she, Tm sure shes
iu Paradise, but if she bas the bad luck to getin
the other place [im sure she wont need this, end
they all laughed. They took her shoes,
her stockings, her bonnets, the pictures cll the
wall, but there was adeveilofafightover bilen s
wat | At2oclockinthe mornin one o' them
found two bank books in the bettom of @ trunk
and acanves bog wid #2h0in goldinit. ‘There was

 

agreat niciion when the money was found = ‘The
sithiv' gold made them ail crazy There would
have been murther then, only IWatle made a
motion that they should spend the money on 4

banquetin the dead woman's rooms end give her
a dacent send-off wid fizz wather and bokars
and finger bowls and all them things d’ye mind
Madden,’ So the nest mornin’ a commitlere
the Duffva numberin: seven went to an illegent
degracious eaun house and ther ordered @ inner
to be sent around to Ellen's rooma for thiriy
Luffys at 66 a plate and wine extra They had
piano bisted in the windy and carpet on the
siare \ candelebrum that looked Uke a house
on fire was hung over the table, While they are
partridge and quail en toast wid nagurs to wait
on them a dinky little Tootehmen was playin’
ihe piano. ‘They washed theirice cream down
wid fizz wather end what they didn't spill they
drank. And when they wot down to the ccffee
the door epened and in sepped a little red-headed

women in waterproof wid an umbrella in her |

hand

Li) bet i¢ was Fllen, exclaimed Madden

“You'se rigtt,” said Ratlerty twas bhien riz
from the dead, only she was never dead at ail,
hekose it waa another Ellen Dulfy what died in the
hospital When Pilen came in there was the
devvil te pay \ how! wentup that twas aghost
ther saw and halfo the women crawled under the
tabla = But Ellen went threngh the place like the
Lig Wind in Ireland She whacked the d
umbrella down on the table, and every whack
coet her 810, bakose the glasses and bottles went
dancin jigs Shechased every wanofherrelatives
down the stairs and pelted them wid betes from
the windy when they came cut on the scewalr
They had to lock heer unfor fear she'd commit
murther

 

Dut what is she suing the city for” asked
Madden

iekase she says ‘twas the hospital clerk's
fanit sendin’ word of ber death, and she's got
mentyv ive relanves to provelt

tSE OF THE FLAG IN STRIKES,
Walking Delegates VFlaunting the National

Fmblem Where They Order Oat Ttallans,
“NN gratcry was }very properly not long
about the use of the \merican flag for advertising

purposes, but | have onother abuse of ft to make
acommlamtanout sai aman who owns aAcoun
try home in Westehester county ‘T had some
i grading and ditching todo a week ago and I
hired sic Ttatians to do the work, agreeing to pA
them each Aon Notone of the men could

   

   

 

  

 

sneak Mnglal esterday T went up to see how
thes were progressing and as T sat watching
em Along came two men, each of whom earned
on Amernecan flag This atiracted my attention
One of the pale acted as spokesman Ile
waved his fleg under the eves of the sis men wt
weredutging my diteh, Every one of them dropped
his shovel thathe moght use | rms for gestures
kr where Psat it looked footrall w
The eight meno all talk : ne ti !
each swung hie arms i ‘ eur 1
South Asericen I Id hay nis ism
well wd revolution \ WA lin
cinssify it. Mora talk, n f arms
and then tomy surpmse my si }
i dered theirspadesand mar IA ‘
ran oof the pair came te ‘ !
list i that my men bad tat
ph rder them to stm
\ re deliga
Well, what has this flag mot te do with i?
It maka it all remit
Well,’ said I, ‘chearont This strike is ended
I will got other men and let me tell vou If you
come around there waving an American fag
at my new men Il set the dog on you

   
 

‘The delegates re with their flags. Ther
were not Anwrieaf citizens. Now isn't thata
renter al of the flag than printing advertis |
ments on i? Tomerely ask for information. 1 |
have ornterod me man to set the dog on the next
fellow wt res down my street waving an
American five
ee

 

Bon .
Amt

Ts always used inthe form of
a7+?n lather,especiallyon fine
surtaces, Result? Noscratch-
ing, scouring and “ wearing
out” the gurface cleaned,

as

 
 

1900.

‘IRISH LITERARY THEATRE,

MOVEMENT FOR A PURELY ARTISTIC
DRAMA IN DUBLIN.

  

 

  

A Literary Enterprise Under the Guidance of
Three Men, Martyn, Yeates and Moore
Their Plays -theenesque Features in the
Treatment of the Themes—Irish Ideals,

| The production of Mr. Edward Martyn’s some |
what Ibsenesque drama, “The Heather Field,” |

at the Carnegie Hall recently calls attention to

an interesting literary movement which has hardly |

Field” te the first of the series of plays dealing
with Irish subjects written by Irishmen expreasiy
for production in Dublin under the auspices of
what is known as the Irish Literary Theatre,
Many persons regard the Irish Literary Theatre
4s the most important literary movement now

| received its due meed of notice, “The Heather
|
!
|
Its

in progress in the English-speaking world
| nature is similar to that of the Theatre Libre
| in Paris, the Independent ‘Theatre in London,
| and a somewhat grotesque conception started
in New York about two years ago. All these
| are now defunct for the same reason—lack of ap-
preciation and support; nor is this surprising, for
their object: was the production of what the pro-
| moters considered the highest class of artietic
' drama irrespective of mercantile considerations
| and of the tast» of the public
| The primary aito of ihe Trish Literary Theatre
' Was the somewhat hackneyed one of the redemp
| tionof the drama from its present alleged condition
| of degeneration, Dublin was chosen as the scene
| of the effort because, in the opinion of the pro-
moters, Mugiand is artistically worn out and given
over w the caresof the Empire and money grub-
| binge while in Ireland a virgin soil lies ready to
receive the seeds of art
The chief engineers of the new movement are
three William Butler Yeates, Edward Martyn
{and George Moore Mr. Yeates has recently
come before the general public by reason of 4&
somewhat violent letter to the newspapers in which
he besought all true Lrishmen to refrain from
j welcoming Queen Victoria to Ireland He is @

! fervent supporter and admirer of Miss Maudo
Gonne » fervent, indeed, that sone years
, ago it was commonly said in Dublin that he
was an aspirant to her hand, Politics aside,

Tall and thin
feniures and

| however, heis a typical Lrish bard
j with the true aquiline Milesian
| long wavy coal-black hair, he is a familiar Agure
| in Dublin as he moves along the streets oblivious
| of mundane thinis, banging aeninst the passers

by on the sidewalks and wandering out onto the
to become hopelessly entangled
} in the trail

Mr Martyn is another ispe. Unlike his col-
leagues who spend most of their time amcng the
fleshpots of London, he dwells {mn an ancient
castle far away in the wildsof Conmaught His
and the

| causevays

companions are the fairies, the sheogues

| phooeas of the legends, and the western peasante
}

| whose brogues are scarcely less melodious than
| his ewn. None ihe less he keeps pace with the

world of art. His collection of pictures is ane
of the finest in
plished musician and especially well versed im the
ancient music of the Celt. George Moore, well
known as an art critic, and the author of “Esther

| Waters,” is of commonplace type, but sufficiently
unpracth al to advocate uninverative art 7
‘The Irish literary Theatre started out in the

 

    
  

spring of 1809, when two dramas were given,
“The leather Lield’ and “The Countess Kathleen”
by Mr Yeates. Both are cistinctively Ineh in

fealing, but the first is pitched in modern times
and shows clearly the influence of Ibeen. “The
| Countesa Kathleen” is more of a poem than &

drama as now woderstood, It is in blank veree

and the subject is lewendary The acene is isid

inthe westoflreland during the sixteenth century

Famine broods over the land aud the people are

dying by scores. To then in their misery come

two demons in the guise of merchants, whe offer
buy their souls with gold The sufferers,
distraught with starvation, accept the offer in
hondreds ‘lhe good genius of the place is the
Countess Kathleen, who pours out her ricbé@@ to
save the peasants from eternal dainnation; but the
demons rob her of her weaith and leave her power.
jeea against the schemes of the Fvil One At
length in deepair the good Countess bariers her
own soul to sare her people In the last seane
Satan's plans are somewhat arbitrarily brought
to naught, for the powers of good deeide that his
barewein is invalid and the soul of the Countess is
wafted to Heaven. Sheognes, phoocas and
various Irish fairies are introduced ad libitum and
the whole play as well aa being highly impractical
is essentially Irish in its spirit. It is accepted
renerally as a work of merit, but there may be
nereons who will hardle accent the dictum of
Mr Moora that there have been only two success

 
 

Ireland, while he is am accom: ,

| not

GOOGLE O'HENNESSY 8 HAUL.

 

He Attends a Society Reception and Also |

Solves a Groat Mystery.

Google O'Hennessy was out of a job, So
he went up to ait on the roof. In happier for-
tunes he would have preferred the corner where
the other boys congregated, but three weeks
of fruitless search for employment had Diunted
Google's enpacity for enjoyment. Besides
that, he was very hunery
solitude and thought. The gang were
tinctly frivolous in conversation and manner.
Google at all times took life seriously and just
now he was oppressed with the seriousness
of Sts responsibilities, For while he was only

dis

13 years old, Google in a way was a family |

man having a mother and a sister who regarded
him as their mainstay
This afternoon Google had been forced to
the humiliation of carrying the family clock
to the Hennessy broker, one Polens'’.y, a gen-
tleman whose establishment waa. liberally
patronived by the residents of the section.
The clock was the one article of brie-a-brac
that had not found ita way to Polensky's place
during the weeks following Google's enforced
retirement from the tin factory. The prob-
len that now assailed the boy was what next
would happen when food beeane necessary
in the small establishment downstairs Google
had refused to partake of the bread and tea
which for several days now had heen the en-
tire menu in tha Hennessy home So he not
only suffered the pangs of @ troubled mind but
also of an empty stomach
Polensky had only given 80 cents on the clock.
Tt was an outrage. Google recalled the hide-
ous face of the old man as he bent over the
counter. Then bie thoughts recurred to the
visit of Skinny Hackett at Polensky's, which
visit he had interrupted by his entrance, It
was nothing unusual to see Skinney at Polen-
sky's, Tle was u steady customer. And he
looked the hard case that he was. But his
visit this time had impressed itself on Google
from the wonderful thing that he had seen
Skinny pass across to Polensky'’s hand as he,
Googie, came in. They tried to pass it quickly,
but Googie had seen it distinetly, and it was a
wonderful thing, the like of which Googie
had never seen hefore
Of coursa he did not wonder where Skinny
got it. He knew. There was only one way
in which Skinny got anything. And Google
marvelled at the unfairness of faie which had
rewarded Skinny with a reil of bills for his ill-
gotten prize and returned him only 30 cents
for an ornate parlor clock that had been ob-
tained by much denial and sacrifice on the
ao-called easy, but in reality most uneasy pay-
ment plan
As Google entered the sliop they were alone
talking eagerly and bending over the glittering
thing that riveted the bov's attention. It was
a heart much larger than a silver dollar and it
was net thickly with stones which seemed to
he the same as those displayed in Polensky's
shop window which Google knew were dia-
monds. But these stenes sant out a radiance
white, but distinetly rose-colored. In
the darknesa of the shop they seemed to give
outa sortof fame. And Goegle stood transfixed.
And in a moment the thing had vanished,
And then he bargained with Polensky over the
clock and went away with 30 cents, which beg-
garly amount he wasabie to make in half a day
at the factory when he was working.
Undoubtedly Google was up against it. When
Mrs. Delaney came up from the third floor with
her wash be affected to be abstracted in his
attention to the skyline of the Hebeken hills
just ever the river. He was beginning to
wonder if it paid to be honest
Mra. Delaney had brought up her laundry
piled on a washboard. Beneath the clothes
she had placed a newspaper and when the last
of Mr. Delaney's undershirta, suggesting that
e@itleman in their uncempremising outlines,
hung heavily from the I!ne, she survered them
with her arms akimbo while @ friendly breeze
picked up the paper and sent it skimming di-
rectly into Google's lap
He picked it up aa Mrs. Delaney Gionppeared.
iat very
Google was about turn-

Tt was damp, but it was the issue of t
day--an evening issue

ing to the aporting page, for a man must read
the sperting news even though he be hungry

i and ont of work. and though clocks are quoted

fil writers of drama in blank verse, Shakespeare
nnd William Batier Yeates

The undert#king was a suecess in one Fense |

1 failure in another, The time choren was

 

{nopperiune An important lean exhibition of
f tinge had juet been held in Dublin, almost
concurrently with a sort of Irish eisteddfed, at

whieh works of Trish compesers were performed
be Irieh articts, Triehmen were beginning to
recownize that they need not go abroad for all
artiatic pabulum and mratification The hall at
which the plawa were produced was Alled nightly
The audience. however eniiumastic, Was ex
elusive, coneiating ef the cultured few who regu
lari visited the theatre every night of the cession
The mass ‘the Irieh people, on the other hand,
were Indifferent, if not actually hostile, As al-
ware happens in Ireland, the religious and po
litical question was raised Messrs. Yeates,
Moore and Martyn were looked upon as not real
irislimen, but arisioerats and uitlanders. A por-
lion of the press was vielent in its denunciations,

Ihe Countess Kathleen” was attacked with
especial bitterness. [1 contains @ scene where
the shrine of the Virgin falls upon the ground on
the entrance of the demons. ‘This eplende was
denounced violently as the rankest blasphemy,
and the denouncers eried that any true Catholic
who dared attend so saorilegious a performance
should be excommunicated. Again
of the eoul of the Countess to eave come hundred
peasants vas Sligmatized a@ aristocratic and un
Irie} Whereon was the ery, Is the soul of a

    

countese werth more than the humblest peasant’.

cf course, the eriliciems were puerile and irrele
vant, avpecially the latier e, In

there is no race of Weetern burope, with the pos

the sacrifice |

rin point of fact |

sible exception of Spain, in whieh the aristocratic |

   

spirit is more deeply implanted, pre vided that
the aristocrat be of Celtic race Nevertheless,
coming as ther did from influential organs, these
atiack® created the inevitable Trish cehiem and
deprived the movementof uuch of ite influence

Y couple of ment tt ihe experiment was
repented Phis time a larger theatre was ehoeen,
and the aucience was peroaps a trifle more numer
ti lvs character, however, was urehanged

the masses iodiffer¢gnt
‘lar

‘The few were enthusiastic,

The plays produced were “Slaeve,” by Mr
tvn, and “The Bending of the hough, by Mr
Moore, “Maeve” boa poem, but it is: diMfeult to

 

cee how it could be successfully stared Maeve
is the beautiful descendant of an ancient but de

cayed line of Irish princes. Her father is The
O'Teynes, who dwells in an ancient caste, A
rich young Engl man comes on the scene who

 

falls ‘in love with Moere, and ehe, in obedience

to her father's wish, consents to marry him

 

 

  

  

i the seul of the maiden, filled with the beauty of
the Celtic legends, revolts at the union, Her
mind ts imbeed with the past glories and beauties
of her race, and she is even rhapsodizng of some
lerendary prinee of mythical and divine heauty
whom she ealls her true im the night be
fore the wedding Queen Maeve, ber anythienl an
ceet whose coul by day abides in the body of
# poor old peasant, appears to the maid and walts

1 wondering how mu

fut.

Tn

her away to the prince in the land of Tir-nan-ogue, |

 

 

 

 

 

 

the Trish fairyland. In the morning the bride
to he is found dead at her windon All through
' play the real and the mythical are hlended
W Hand the whole ereation it one of un
woual beauty nd of a peculiarly Celtic. nature
e only mee twueh is weotly hinted at, the
intense aversion of the maiden to earthly love,
end her devotion to abstract beauty
| henwnag of the Bough” cannot be called
a wore of genius It is «a transparent allegory
ve worked out. The corporations ef iwo
cite Northhaven and Sot hhaven, are in dis
} pute over a debt owed by the latter, The corpora
fon of Nerthhaven is aisunited It will net end
earto theery of one ofits number why copable
wing nly a youne pu f thie man
pear n the scene who carries a) before him,
haven decid to presvat a veld front
seuthbaven ard demand ity rglis. But the
13 ' der astras by love of a young
} mols haven and inils to attena the criti
calineett the party Is disrupted and Southharen
J cirmmpbant Ofcourse, 118 the story of England
wod Irland. The idea is true esough, but the
nailerors os feeble and the working out unsk 1.
Vfl. and, worse than all, the play is dreadfully

dalle a meeting of the Port and Decks Board,”
Lone of the spectators remarked during the per-

a
formance

| jhe Tash Literary Theatre will again be to the
fore noxt ring. when the services of Mr. George

| Hternard Shaw will be enlisted As vet it is im-
possifle te proneunce the m vement either a
success or a failure Tf the javier the promoters
at least deserve credit for thaelr disinterested
Intentions Should it suceeed tt will make the
Irish capital o noted dramate contre.  Ttta hoped

|: maso Dubin to the legitimate drama what

| eyreuth is to the musical

| H. Walter Webb Greatly Improved in Health,

H. Walter Webb, formerly Third Vice-Prest-
dent of the New York Central Kailroad, aud at
ta director in several large corporations
‘ity, writes to frenda here from
TShomaaville, Ga,, that he has so far recovered

his health that ha is planning Areturn te mod-
erate business activiti-a within a few weeks,
None months ago he was suprosed to have cons
sumption and his iife was eonired of, He
writes that he is now able to ride on horse! ack
two houre each day without the s'ightest [n-
twue, and his doctors say that there is po trace

] 0: consumption.

 

 

| hyeteneal

at only 30 cents in the exchange of Polensky,
Then hie eve caught a heading in blood-red

 

letiers 4 ‘Thousand Dollars Reward!”
Fa HOUSs | Van Hook Diamonds Stolen This
Morning Then followed further luminoua

statements nud beveath were pictures of the
gems, pictures of the Van Hook house in New
York and the Van Hook mansion at Newport
and of the Van Hooks in pereon. It was the
biggest diamond rohbery and the greatest
rmayatery of years, Google's eres graw bigger
than nature bad made them and nature had
bean so generoudto him in this respect that it
had won him, his title

fle looked through the pictures of th
and collara and pendants wondering blindly
what they were. And then his ere caught the
vcture of a heart. And beneath it was. “Mrs
"an Hook's wonderful pink diamond heart
locket. The only piece of jewelry in the world
composed entirely of pink diamonds. Worth
Fifty Thousa.d Mollars.”

1@ tiaras

  
 

 

 

“Rully Gee!" ssid Google, and cold shivers
ran down his spine, It was the thing that
Bkinny had passed to Poleneiv! Google read

n@ain that Mr Van Hook had offered athousand
dollars reward for any information whieh
would lead to the recovery of the gems and the
apprehension of the thievas,

Google was not picturesque,
he might have endeavored to
do something noble like a boy i
thonght of more manev would not have in-
fluenced him. But he was very hoinery and
the memory of the unfair awards that Provi-
dencehad meted out to him and to ®kinny frem
the same hand that dav burned within him.
Google was a good business man, and he rose
to the oecasion. Carefully folding the paper
and noting the address of the Fifth avenue
home of the Van Hooks he deseended from
the roof and started on a walk across town to
his destinatior

It was a lone and weary walk, and Google's
feet stumbled many times. fie found himself
h food could be purchaaed
dollars, Fle grew somewhat
dizzy at times, but his purpose never faltered
He pictured himsel! recovering the elock and
the other articles that had gone over to Polen-
fle thought

If he had heen
nve Skinny or
rabook, The

 

 

 

for a thousand

akr of buying a house and a
boat and a silk dress for hia mother. Then
he wondered if thes would pay him in dollar

billsort! he would be able to carry it all at once
He imagined a good place to keen it would be
in his mother’s trunk atthe end of the bed

At the Van Hook residerce a small ccowd
had conaregated
the door and two policemen stood beside the
stens, They barred Google's way,

Yeo' can't go in here vonng feller,” said one
of them. “What do vou want?"

“I've come to get the reward.” sald Google
vale and trembling but splendidly determined
hiamercenary aim. The pclicemen laughed
“T gnesa not,” eaid the fat one

“T tall ye’ T have,” he said, almost erving
and he poured out his story disiointed and

straight.” “Yon'd
me to the Chief.” said the policeman

What for?” asked Google, seeing his money
slipping out of his hands 7
Just then a cab stopped at the door and a

better come down

man ctenped out 1° policemen touched
their hate Here's A young man who cara
he has aclne, sir.” said one of the men smiling

lhen Google repeated his story and Mr. Van
Hook listened. He wrote the name and ad-
dress of Polensky on a card and gave It to one
of the officers

“Tl telewhone to Headquarters,
“Keep quiet. Tl keep thi
until I hear from ft

Googie walked vy

te anid
young man here
th dienitr up the sten@
beeide Mr, Adelhert Van Hook multi-m/l-
honaire. A gormente butler opened the door
and Mr. Van Hook g: him his coat and ne}.
ered Gooale into a wonderful room of full
flowers and beautiful ladies with their hata on
drinking tea. The room *wam around him
He choked and forgot to take off hiseap. There
was a sudden etiliness

“Flere is a bor with rour diamonds, Jen.”
said Mr. Van Hook laughingly There was a
murmur and a cink and talk taik- talk
Oh how ther talked. thought Gongle' Hos
eyes! were riveted on a low table covered with
a jace cloth on which were dithes and little
cakes and cups and silver They all danced
before Google's eves

“Perhapa,” said a girl with a big black hat
“the little chap would he something to eat?

Google looked at her admiringly. Here was
a young wom of sence and of politenasa as
wall @ nerved himeel’ for an effort Hea
realized that he was in good society for the
firet time !n hia life. He knew that simplicity
was always good form

Tanks.” he said, “I tink I'll take a rand.
widech.”

Then Goog!s fainted.

n

  
 

 

 

 

 

Modern Warfare.
Frem tne Chicago Datly News

The heavy wune were trained.
“Why thia delay?” thandered the General.
*The moving-pietare operators have aignalied
that their machine Ia out of order,” eluciJated
the Colone!
“Then the battle is called off! Order our
forcesto spend the rest of the day washing
their ehirte,”

So he preferred |

\ few carriages were before |

but as the oMfleer caid afterward, |
with |

 
  

HYOMET

 

THE ONLY

 

Protection Known

Just Breathe It,
THAT’S ALL.

 

Breathe It for five minutes now and them
and it

ures
Coughs.

Breathe it ten minutes four times daily,
and it

Cures
Catarrh.

Breathe it ten minutes every hour, and &

Cures
| Consumption.

 

It is Guaranteed to do
this or your money
is refunded.

 

REMEMBER THESE FACTS.

It is only through the air we breathe
that diseases of the throat and lungs cana
be reached.

‘“Hyomel”’ is the only germicide which
can be inhaled in the air we breathe.

“Hvomet" ts sold by all druggists or sent by mall
Complete Outits, $1 Trial Ouulits, 25¢.
Five days’ treatment sent free on receipt of pos
age, 2c
THE R. T. BOOTH CO,, Ithaca, N. Y.

 

NOT MIXED, ONLY VARIED,

 

 

A Radical Change in the Style of Drinks ef
the Average New Yorker.

For many years \ew York adopted and accepted
cheerfully as its own the preference of the Soutn-
ern States in the matter of such mixed drinks
| as mint juleps, whiskey toddies, sherry cobblers,
| rum sangarees and gin and tansy. With the
larger product of \orthern distillerieg in the
line of whiskey, with the falling «ff in popularity
of fancy dec vetions and the diminished demand
for skilled barkeepers in making them, there has
grown up 4 preference for variations in plain
drinks to the disregard of mized ones.

A fow pears ago in \ew York under the generie
| name of liquors there were in the ordinary bar,
} room or hotel cafe, one brand of whiskey, native,
and oné brand of whiskey, imported, one of brandy
and one of gin; whereas now every first clase
establishment is expected to have, and usually
does pretend to have, at least six varieties of
American whiskey and nearly as many of foreign
whiskey, three or more brands of Scotch and
two usually of [rish. These brandsare not only
known to customers, but are called for by name,
and the substitution of one for another is not
accepted with equanimity by & patron cognizant
of the change. lelatively there has been a very
large increase in the retail consumption of whiskey

compared with other drinks, but the increase
has been larger in foreign whiskeys, the imports
of which have about quadrupled in ten years,

But while the sale of whiskey, native or foreign
has increased, there has been a very marke
falling off in sales of a liquor, formerly @ con-
| siderable item of retail trade, rum, the importa
tions of rum having much diminished of recent
years and the heal demand forit being now very
restricted. Jamaica rum and Santa Cruz rum
from the West Indies are no longer in much de-
mand here and the produetion of native rum has
\ fallen off nearly one half in twenty years. In
1KS0 it amounted to 2,400,000 gallons: last year
it was 1.200.000) [n the same period the product
of American made gin has increased from 895,000
gallons te 1,800,000. The steadiest consumers of
American. made rum are colored persons and the
diminished demand for it has largely increased
the demand fur \niencan made gin

One reason for the diminished popularity of
mixed drinke is to be found in the fact that the ex-
port barkeepers ab gained reputation thro
such deeoctions are bo longer to be found in the
best known s@loons A barkeeper mary not be
able to show much pr ficiency in the mixing of
drinks, but this fact constitutes no reason why he
should n t be able to secure from the right bottle
such brands of whiskey or brandy as customers
may require Still an ther reason for the present
yrefereniee for straig!.t drinks is to be found in the
act that time hay bee me an important element
in the liquer business and the patrons cf the chief
realoons no longer delay in thear, pending the
| preparation of a favored decoction, but are very
often in ahurry and in the rush of trade time can-
notbotaken, asitforverly was forthe preparation
, of comples drinks Piven in the matter of cock-
tails it has been found desirable to have these
manufactured in bulk and sold afterward by the
| glaw avatimeraving devices, and itis in deference

to the same notion that whiskey high balls and

rickeys, which ar’ mer’ variations of straight
drinks, have come largely into Wweue among

BAloon patrons

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“BULL DOC”

Is sure protection against mongrel
brands of

ARDEN HOSE.

“THE MOST TENACIOUS OF
THEM ALL!’

SOLD EVERYWHERE.

WOVEN HOSE & RUBBER CO
BOSTON, MASS.

| BOSTON