ee

=

—

a a

a a

i Se

i

you
thay

 
 

ARCHBISHOPS PASTORAL

 

TO BE READ IN THE CHURCHES
TO-DAY WHILE HE 18 ON THE SEA.

Largely Devoted to Scheols, Parish and
Pablic-"Usarplag Educational Faddlets
and Encroachments of State Soctalism,"’

The pastoral letter of Archbishop Corrigan,
who sails to-day on the Kaiser Wilhelm Il. on bis
visit ad limina to Rome, will be read in all of the
Catholic churches in the Archdiocese this morn
ing, taking the place of the regular sermons. While
Itis being read the Archbishop will be on the sea,
The letter ia in part as follows:

Michael Augustine, by the grace of God and
of the Apostolic See, Archbishop of New York,
to the clergy, secular and regular, and to the fatth-
ful of the diocese, health and benediction

Reverend Kathers and Heloved Childrem in
Jeaus Christ; On the day of his consecration to
the Epiacopal office, the chief pastor of a diocese
solemnly promises to visit, at stated times, the
tombe of the glorious Apostles, Sts Peter and
Paul, and to render to the Sovereign Pontiff a full
account of bis stewardship. In this e¢ untry
the visit to the Holg See is due once in ten years
"The object of this canonical visit to Rome is three
fold first, to venerate the last resting place of
the Apostles; next, to pay homage te the suc
cessor of St. Peier, and, thirdly, to submit a report
of the condition of the diocese

The visit itself is styled, in ecclesiastical lan-
gunge, a visit ad Limina- ad Limina Sacre-
od Limina Apostolorum. Our fathers in the
faith held the limina--lintels or thresholds—ot
churches in apecial veneration, St. Paulinus,
Bishop of Nola iA. D. 353-431, who was accus
tomed, a8 Bishop, to make 4 vearly pilgrimage
to Rome on occasion of the feasts of Sts, Peter
and Paul, tells of the fervor with which the faitb-
ful of his day prayed before the very doors of the
churches —devoutly kissing the thresholds —be-
dewing them with their tears, and testifying by
thetr whole demeanor their supreme reverence
for the house of God = By a familiar figure of
apeech, the threshold of a chureh came to signify
the church itself, and the Liming Apostolorum
in particular came to designate the tombs of the
Apostles, sjtuated beneath the high altars erected
reanectively in the majestic Hasilicas of St. Peter
on the Vatican Hilland of St. Paal, on the Ostlan
Way

in the discharge of his obligation, the Hishop

pavs formal visits to the tombs of the twin Aposs |

tles, and spenda a suitable time tn humble and
earnest praver, seeking from thelr powerful in-
terceasion, aid and inspiration for his own work,
and some portion of their apostolic spirit A cer
fifleate that the pilgrim has pre hefore the
Liming Sacra is then duly drawn p by he proper
oMcial, to be deposited Tater, toc. with the
report of the diocese, in the offer « { the secretary
of Propaganda
Lhe next duty isto pay homage to the successor
receive from his august ps werds
f if need be, or encouragement;

of St Peter

of advice, repre

to answer any questions which the Holy Father |

We can well believe that
on such

mav be pleased to ask
apecial graces and lichts are vouchsafed
cecasions to the Vicar of our Lord to “eonfirm his
brethren

The third and last duty of the visit ad Limina
is to submit to the S, Conrregation of Propa
renda Fide a report ofthe condition « { the diocese
since the date of the last visit. Opportunity is
also afforded the Bishop of proposing any aif
culties he way have mat with, or is likely to en

counter, in the disehanze of his office of seeking
advice and direction in all that concerns the wel-
fore of souls

Indue course, the receiptof the reportis acknowl-
edged in an appropriate letter, with such ebserva-
tions as each particular case sugyests, and thus
Visit ad Liming passes inio the domain of
this mere outline, it is easily
that the necessity of “re-

the
history. From
neon, dear brethren,
porting to the head, that ts, the See of Peter” ia
one of the many proofs of the almost superhuman
wisdom of the Holy See: just as the material virit
to the Eternal City; the coming in contact with
one’s venerated ecclesiastical superiors, the meet-
ing «© many prelates distinguished for learning
and virtue; the opportunity this afforded of de-

'
{

 
  

a

of number in certain districta, or preety. must
send our children, let us, as good hristian citi
zens, see that in them the wee of conacienee
and of the parent are infringed neither by usurp
ing educational faddists nor by the encroach-
ments of State socialism. Nor is this “eternal
villgance,” which Vatrick Henry, says, “ia the
price of liberty,” uncalled for ‘The tendency of

| the day is toward State monopoly of the teaching
' function, the crowding out of the parent and pri
| vate teacher, aud the prostration of everything

 

tecting by contrast, national ar mularities or preju- |

dices; the opportunity of obtaining a clearer in
sight inte the inind of theChureh, and becoming
more familiar with its habits of thought; the abid
{ng even for a while near the last resting places
of myriads of martyrs and confessors; the living
for the time being in an atmosphere of faith; all
this is of untold benefit to the pastor of souls, and
by the Jaw of cause and effect, redounds also to
the edvantage of the flock committed to his care
Not only is the mine! enlightened and broadened,
but the will is moved to greater love and gentle
ness; the human spirit sinks more readily to its
true level: the spirit of Rome stands revealed in
its beauty like that of the Divine Master aa pre-
eminently one of meekness and humility of heart,
Eapecially must these effects abound {n 4@ season
like the present, which for well known reasons
is termed “the holy year.”

Casting a glance at the work accomplished in
the past ten years, one's heart, dear brethren,
(s filled with gratitude to God, first of all, for His
superabundant graces, and next to the clergy of
the diocese, secular and regular, as well as to the
devoied religious communities of both sexes, for
their self-sacrificing labors, their intelligent and
untiring zeal. ‘To form some idea of their we tk,
it will suffice to say, without entering into details,
that every fifteen days during the past ten years
the diocese was enriched with a new ebutch, or
sebool, rectory, convent, or other pious institu
tion. In fact, the total number of such new bulld-
ings exceeds 250 Again, to gauge results in
another way, the number of communions dis
tributed in a single year, from Feb 1, 1588, to
Feb, 1.1890, was as follows, viz
Io the churehes of New York elty

Jo churches outside the etty
In Diocesan Institutions,

 

3,090,430

Votal
Number of ehildren and adults prepared

for eopfirmation from }s00 b> 10
Number of misstons given in

period
Number of confessions heard during these
rilsslons + 1,320,029

!he number of baptisms in thia diocese from
1880 to 1890 was 247,121; from 1890 to 1900, 880,
434, an increace of 43 318. ‘The number of mar
riowes in both decades was Tespectively, 58,076
and 76142. indicating a ain of 17,066, The
nunber of baptisms during the year 1899) was
M544 According to the official statistios of this
ciy, the proportion of births to the population
in old Nev York, and the buough of The Bronx
is One to thirty eight Mowing for unreported
births and other causes, it is estimated that the
proportion may safely be assumed to be one to
thirty-three. This. in round numbers, would give
the oresent population of the diceese as 1,200,000
‘byeniy seven new parishes were established
durtog the lasttensears in this elty, 161 secular
priests ordained for the diocese, while many other
clergymen came from the religious orders and
elsewhere, ‘These data show a solid and grati
felig growth, as the facilites for dispensing the
coasolations of religion have exceeded the increase
of the population

\l! this lybor of love has heen performed simply,
calmly, as a matter of course Few would sus
pect its magnitude The heavenly crowns to be
awarded for such consuming veal will be among
the joyful surprises of eternity

In particular, a most meritorious work of our
tevcning communities is: the Apostolate of the
ac oul room in the cause of the Catholic education
Ooe hundred vears aro, when there was but one
Cathelie Chureb in this eity, St. Peter's in Bar
street, a free Catholie school was inaugu
_ with almost five hundred pupils from the
beginning, and that school bas continued its
beceficent mission without interruption from
that day to thi Meanwhile, many other ae
co mons have heen made wo the good cause, fo that,
at the present moment, over 68,000 children are
receiving the benefit of the Catholle tuitlon

Our preeot most pressing duty is, first, to
bring our Catholic schools primary, intermediate
and higher to the greatest attainable efficiency;
secoad, to cause all the instruction given therein
to be permeated and roled by the spirit of religion
Without Christian doctrine one may as reasonably
look forChristian morality as fora superstructure
uncustained by a foundation The interests
of the State as wellasof the Church call for train
Ince in morality through religion. Washington
in his lest public utterance, calla religion anc
morality “indispensable supports of pe litical pros
perity, the two great villars of human happiness,
and the firmest propsofmen and citizens.” ‘Third,
we muat oon adding to the nuinber of our sehcols
till every Cathotie pupil mas find place therein
since every child has the netural and inalienable
right to what ts, by eommen consent regarded
as an elementary, physical, mental and moral
education, and since experience teaches, ro far as
religious instruction is concerned, the inadequacy
of the trainine ¢f the ordinary home and Sunday
school

As to other schools for which we are taxed
and to which, though not approving because of
their necessary ex luaion of religious tenets—-
eyrivalent, Daniel Webster says, to teaching
deisin and infidelity -many of us, through paucity

136,423
the same

804

   
  

 

 

}

|

|

 

} the eleres

before Juggernaut State As our country glories
in freedom of speech and freedom of the press,
it ia difficult to conceive why we should not also
enjoy their logical etiension— freedom of educa
tion, We call sour atiention to the invasion of
mrental rights frequently atempted of late years
he our lawmakers, who would base legislation of
the assumption, philosophically absurd and bis
torically false, that the child belongs first to the
State and afterward to the parent, and on the un
American anit socialistic theory that the State ex-
istsnothy ana for thecitizen, but thecttizen forthe
State Using the words of Danton, they dare to
call our children “the children ofthe State" ‘They
would have us call the schools “free,” while mak
ing the introduction of their own fads compulsory;
would unduly lengthen the terra of compulsory
attendance from si % to the sixteenth vear) without
profit to the pupil and often to the detriment of
the parent. [fn fine, ther would have us view the
people, to use the words of Nathan Matthews
of Boston, “not as the creators of the Government,
but as its creatures; and the Government itself
is magnified as the ‘State’ inte something superior
to relugion; to ibe family, to the rightaof property
and to all other institutions of civilized acciety.”

Rewarding our educational dutier, hear. the
authoritative utteranceofhimiowhom Lam about
to report the work of the archdiorese during the
vast decade, addressed to the Archbishops and
Bishops of Austria, Germany and Switzerland
on occasion of the tercentenary of bleased Peter
Canisius, S.J. Having shown how beneficial
{a the public remembrance of virtuous and holy
men, the Holy Father compares cur own time
with that of blessed Canisius, sketches in outline
the history of this great apostle who fought error
chtefty through the school, and ahows the present
reasing need of bringing knowledge to the de
ence of religion. He dee nea that religion ts not
adverse to knowledge, but rather its acme and
crown, and that secular adds dignity and beauty
to sacred science, He exhorta Bishops to wateh
over the schools, not only primary, but higher
in order that, besides preserving religion in its
eutirety, the rights of thet burch and of the parent
may be safeguarded against mited schools
cwherein members of various ereeds are taught),
of which he points ont the dangers. Tle bids them
join with the relizious instruction of the youthful
mind the quickening of the heart by piety and the
fear of God and this not only in primary schools,
hut also in the gymnasia, lyceums and universi-
tles,

the Archbishop devotes considerable space

to a discussion of missions for immigrants and
seamen. new local charitics, boys’ clubs and in
dustrial institutions, and then ygroca@ on |

Last year, on the feast of the Sacred Heart,
this diocese with its elermy and its people was
solenniy consecrated to the heart of our Divine
Redeemer, ‘The holy father for reasons men
Honed In the subjoined deeree of the Sacred Con
gregation of Rights exhorts ordinances of dioceses
to renew the conseetahon this year, granting: to
that end, even in this year of jubilce when nearly
all the indulgences for the living are suspended,
a special plenary indulgence to all who renew
the aforesold consecration. [tis to be hoped that
' parish In the diocese will gladly avail iteclf
vo the bounty of the holy father, and renew in
thatintention the solemn act of love and devotion
mode last year. Tf the ¢ ration cannot take
place on the feast of the Sacred Heart, which falls
this year on June 22, it may be made on the fol
lowtng Sunday formula preseribed to ‘yw
used will be foaind anpended to this letter, While
and people renew thelr consecration
I hone to represent the dlocese in the Inter
national piler

Noke place on the
fonsit of the Sa le Monial
the sanctuary

'n Parny af
f the apparition of our Divine Lord
to the B
And now, dear brethren
before leaving for the Fiernal cfty
already detalned you too long, and hener

 

 

 

   

the

 

here

 

      

 

although there are
to touch upen

I fene I have
nierely

assed Margaret Mary
many other points T would Ith

add that during my absence the diocese will be
uloinistered by the Rt Rev. Blshon Ausiliary,
alded! iseotleneue. the Rt Rev Mer Mooney
an! Dfervent’y proy that the Lord will have yeu

 

  

   

   
 

all in His hold keonfng. In turn PE trust vou will
not be ounmindtul o in your pravers, that, in
the language of the Church, “The Almighty and
Moreiful Lord may lead us tn the way of peace
and prosperity, and may the Angel Raphael
he with us on our fonrney, that we mar return
home in peace and health ond gladness.” The
pence of God be with ven all Amen
Mictann ACGUSTINE

Archishon of New York
CONNOLLY, Seeretar

TO SHOW SCIENCE’S PROGRESS,

em

An Exhibition of Great Interest to Be Given
at the Musenm of Natoral History.
The New York Acalemy of Sciences ta mak-
ing preparations for areception and exhibition
of recent progress of selence, to be hell at the
American Museum of Natural Mistoryon Wed-
nesday apd Thursday, On Wednesday even-
ing there will bea reception to the members of
ths academy and invited guesta, while on the
following day the exhibition will be open to the
scientific public and in the evening a second
reveption will be held by the New York Scicne
tifle Alliance
The committee of membera in charge of the
exhibits consistsof Prof. J. F. Kemp and Prof
Henry F. Osborn of Columbia University, Prof,
Charles A, Doremusof the College of the City
of New York, Prof, J.J. stevenson of New York

 

University, and in. the anthropological
fection there will shown sore speci-
mens secured, by the Jesup expedition il.
‘istrative of the work of the Infians of the
West an Northwest, In astronomy the Lick,
Lowell, Columbia and Untversity of Penns
syleania observatories are to be represented,
New industrial products, such aa. Ger.
man dyes, synthetic perfumes, smokeless
powder, rare alloys, ratio-active elomentary
substances and the iike wil be exhibited aod
exniained by Prof Charies FE. Pellaw. The

General Flectrie Company aod the Westing
house company will he represented in the
department ot electreity and Prof. Papin will
exhibit his newly invented farcdmoter

The most important featnve in the eeetion of
geology «nd geography is the large collection
of mapa made by the Government Geological
Survey, and specimens, models, aides and
Hooke furnished by Columcia” Cniversity,
Teachers’ Collew@ and the Maryland Survey,
In mineralovy the American Museum of Nato.
ral History will show some new and tine spect.
mens, aswell as in the section of palmontology,
where some of the recent discoverics in the
Weat will be put on exhibition

 

MONTGOMERY GIBSON'S WATCH.

Disappeared From His Bedroom After a Visit
From Young Goepel,

Charlea F. Goepel, Jr, whosaysa heals the
sonof amanulacturer of tools of 137 Fast Thir-
tleth atreet, was arraigned yeaterdayin the
Wost Side police court, charged with stealing
agoll watch from Montgomery Gibson of 4
West Ninety-eighth street. Gibson save he is
the son of former United States Senator Gil

son.
Young Goepel enlisted Inthe United States
Army a week ago and was detailed to do eleri-

cal work atthe reerultingoMfee at 25 Third
avenne, OnSunday he and Miss Seaman of
110 West 1L5th street called on Gibson, whom
he had known. forsome time, All three, it is
sald, remained inthe parlor for some time anid
then Goenel went into the bedroom saying he
wasatired and wanted tolie down, He came
hack, however, inabout twenty minutes and
shorily alter thet left the house,

Gibson soon after discovered that hia watch
waa tnissing from the bedroom and he reported
the matterto Capt. Schmittberger of the Wear
10th street station, Detect ve Eegera ar-
rested Goepel on briday night. According to
the detective, Goepel canfessed that he had
stolen the watch and salt he hadsold it toa
man in an East Side saloon, The watch waa ree
covered

Magistrate Deuel held Goepel in $1,000 ball
for examination.

 

Two Socialist May Day Parades This Year.

The De Leon faction of the Socialist Labor
party decided yesterday to have a May Day
parade of its own on Tuesaday night, May 1,
followed by a maaameeting in Union Square,
asthe De Leonites will not take part in the
oight-honr demonstration ofthe Anti-De Leon-
{tes on Saturday, April 28. There will there-
fore be two May Day demonatrations by the
Socialists this sear, The “Young Socialtat
yropagandiats,”’ who have their headquarters
at3ll Faust Sevenry-fourth atrect, will take
partin the De Leontte demonstration,

Union Sued fer a Member's Funeral Expenses,

Mrs. lrederick Snuerwein, the widow of a
member of the Amualgamaled Painters’ and
Decorators’ Unton, has brought suit against
the union for $50 for her husband's funeral
expenses, She says that he paid all his dues to
tho union and this entitled him tothe funeral
benefit provided for its members, The union
refused, however, to pay the bill. alleging that
the deceased had not complied with a rule
providing that dues must he pald up to within
acertain timeofa member's death to entitle
him to tha funeral benefit

War Department Now Speils It Porto Rico,

Waanrinatos, Aori! 21.—-The War
ment has issued the following order:

‘The act providing for a cisil government
tor Porto Rico, having fixed the speliing of the
name of the West Tadian Island geded by
Kpain to the United states by the Treaty ot
Varies as Porto Rico, War Department orders of
Dec, 27, 184, are revoked and that depart.
ment will hereafter be borne on all returna
and referred to in all correspondence as the
Department of Porto Rico

Depart.

CONNECTICUT'S ATATE GUARD,

 

Scandals of the A 1 Encampment to Be
Made Public.

Hartronp, Conn, April 21,—It is believed
after threo days of court martial proceedings
in the trialof Capt, Oscar L, Bradley of Com-
pany I, Second Regiment, C. N. G, that Con-
necticut ison the verge of an oxposuro that
will possibly result in the disbandment and re-
organization of the Conneetiout National
Guard) Tho delay andapparent unwillingness
to push the charges againet Capt Bradley mani-

  
 

  

| NMERCE

fested by the authorities of the National Guard |

atthe beginning of the trouble are now Ac-
counted for by the realization that testimony
will be introduced showing the great laxity of
military discipline, It becomes evident that

the tales of excesses at the annual atherings
fn camp at Niantic which have been rife
throughout the State without oficial confirma-
tion for years are to be verified.

The annual encampment has borne the repu-
tation of being a aort of a grand drunk, hut no
evidence has ever been offered to prove this,
The charges of drunkenness and conduct unbe-
coming an oMeer preferred against Capt, Brad.
ley are of amall importance campared to what
will be shown regarding the entire regiment
and in turn the Connecticut Nationa! Guard as
a whole

There ara twonty-threa witnesses to be pre-
sented to prove Capt. Bradley guilty of the
charges, The dofence will introduce sixty or
more to discredit the testimony of the prose.
cution'’s witnesses, incidentally showing that
drunkenness prevailed toa very extended de-
gree among both officers and men during
camp time, that there has been osrelessness,
and even breach of trust, among many of the
officers of the Guard, and that us a matter of
fact discipline existed only as & matter of ap-
pearance in many companies.

An ind oation of some of the teatimony to he
introduced along that line was the letter sub-
mitted by Attorney Danaher, Capt. Bradley's

conneel, which was written by Lieut,-Co d; F,
Callahan of the Seeond Regiment to Capt,
Bradley during the Inst encampment anid

whieh announced that he wis directed by Col,
}Murpee, commanding the regiment, to inform
him that arrangements hat been made with
the Providence Brewing Company by which
heer would be delivered fresh to the men every
dar, quality guaranteed, at 60 cents a doven

This latter, from the heads of the regiment
and in direct violation of the orders governing
the matter, made something of a rensation,
but the realization of what waa the Intention
of the defence to show made almost a panic.

JUDGMENT AGAINST HENRY MURRAY.

Ex-Police Justice Called Onto Pay 66,050
Halance Due on Twenty-fonr Notes.

Judgment for $6,950 waa entered yesterday
against Henry Murray, coke dealer of 603 West
Forty-second street, in favor of Joseph F.
Sweaay for balance due on twenty-four notes
made on March 7, 181%, to the ordor of John
W. Sterling, trustee, payable in monthly in-
staliments of $253, which notes were indorsed
by Mr, Sterling as trustee to Mr. Sweasy, Mr
Murray has been inthe eoke business forty
years and was formerly a power in West Side
polities, having been a Police Justice for many
veara, He said yesterday that about thirteen
years ago he bought from the Oaborn estate a
residence at 2 Fast Seventy-third street with
aA mortgage on it.
on the prorerty, which were paid off Ly Shear-
man & Stering, attorneys for the estate. He
gave notes for the arreare of taxes, some of
which he paid, andtwo years. ago gave nine
notes, which are the onea sued upon, Property
in Seventy-third street has lately increased in
value consideratly, and he had made arrange-
menta to borrow $48,000 on the property to
piv off everything ngainat it, He had talked
with Mr. Betta of Shearman & Sterling's office
on Wednesday about the amount necessary to
elenroff everything, and the attorney waa to
et him know tha next day the exact amount,
Dut instead telephoned that they would rot ace
eept the money to pay off the encumbrances,
Mr. Murray sala that now, as property had

 

gone upon that street, he thought some one |

writed to get the house, but he would fight the
matter to the end.

Winners of the Colambla Alumni Prize

Debate,

The annual alumni prize debate of Columbia
Thiveratty was he'd in the library butlding
yesterday before the literary socleties of the
university. Twoprizes, being the interest on
an invested fund of $1500, were awarded by
the judges to Velville Jeferson France, Ta

College of Brooklyn and the second jointly ta | try

George Fverett Burier, 1903 Collage of Lansing,
Mich, and Simeon Strunsky, 1000 College
of New York

Prof. George R. Carpenter of the rhetoric
department announced that the first award
forthe alumni pr ze essay wae given to Philip
M. Coan, 1e00C. whose aubject waa “Some
Tefleetiona on Kipling.” Charles 8. Forbes,
"010, carried off the second prize

 

Business Troubies,

Deputy Sheriff Kinn has received an attach-
ment against Fleming J. Hefling, who kept the

' HWotcl Monterey at Sixthavenne and Thirty-

eighth street, for $1.672 in favor of Kamual

Marks, anda levy has been mare there

garet Boyde declares that she owns the chat
teln under a bill of
Deputy

 

Sherif? Radley has received two
aggeremating $5,088 — seninst
Thomas Young of 1123. Broadway_in favor of
the National Shoe and Leather Rank as in-
dorser on notes of the New York China, Glass
and Toy Company, now in bankruptey

 

 

Wellesley's Endowment

Fond.

An entertainment forthe Endowment und
of Wellesley College will be given to-morrow
evening in the ballroom of the Waldorf-Astoria.
Miss Beatrice Herford will present three
dramatic monologues, Franz Kaltenborn,
con dinetor and violinist, will play and Hobart
Rmoek, tenor, will aing, It ia expected thar
President Hazard of Wellesley College will be
present

Entertainment for

Gold Watch for John A. Dooner.

The business and political friends of John A.
Dooner, Builting Superintendent In Manhar-
tan and The Bronx, presented him avery fine
gold wateh yesterday afternoon asa token of
thejresteem, The presentation took plaice at
the Belvedere Houae, Fourthavenue and Eigh-
teenth atreet, and Building Commissioner
trady alficiated. Following it there was a din-
her

Drowned Man Was George Gardner,

Eugene Friebarger, 2 jeweller of 25 Maiden
Lane yesterday identified the boty ofthe man
who wns found in the North River at 150rh
streeton Friday. He said the man was George
Gardner, 40 years old, a jobber and pedier of
Jewelry.

The List of Referees.

The following isa list of referees appointed in cases
tn the Supreme Court last week

By Justices Fitzgerald

   
 

 

Cases Reterees
Lentilhon vs. De Freece David MeClure
Mayer vs Norman Abe A. Joseph
Pelf es. King Matthew Daly
Ernst vs. Heim Joseph A, Welch
Matter of brigurs Reward J. MeGutre
Marshal vs. Donvan Louls F. Doyle
Germania Life Ins. Co, ¥s

MeNtece ‘ohn He Rogan
Fraser vs. Kelly (2 cases), Angustus Van Wyek,
Gilman vs. Goldberg John BE. Du?
Minrath vs. Kunkell Peter B. Olney
Hopneck vs. Jennings Job. Hedges
Randell vs. Hoslow-ky Hareld Nathan
Molahau va. Wynn Thomas Alltvon
De Quesada va. MeGill Richard H. Clark
Matter of ‘Thermo Elce. Co. Louts Wendel Jr
Fonul vs. Kriseh Thomas F. Donnelly
Matter of Deegan Ed J. MeGutre
Allen vs. Kane ©. H. Pomeroy
Herg vs. Plydenburgh L. Semple
Tithe Guaranwe and Trust

Co vs. Voletsky Samson Lachman

By Justice Seott
Met. Life Ins.Co vs. MeMii

lan S.1. UL Ward
Fiandin va May Job b. edges
Critten vs. Chem, Nat. bk Ham, Odell

  

 

Matter of Hamilton John Jerdomen
Sandford va Zimmerman Joho. Clarke
Walther vs. O'Connor Frank 1) Arthur
Maguire vs, Hanehwite Robert B. Deyo
Henderson vs. City of N.Y Charles Donohue

hy Justlee Freedman,
Rand vs. Tompkins John Delahanty
Stewart vs) Thomas Jobn Delabanty
Matter of Rittmaster M Chiland Milnor
Rurby va Aner Aug. TL Vanderpoe!
Jaffray vs, Lathrop Stanley H. Bevins
Shipman vs llooper Aug. tl Vanderpoel

  

Bank of Am. vs. Robdtnson.George W Cotterill
Kingsland vs. Howes S. Lt Ward
MeNulty va. Clityof N.Y tly W. Bookstaver,
Diekson va Delaney dames J. Neal,
Matter of Karaback S. 1. WH. Ward
Martin v« Brady James A, Dann
Mecahbe ve. MeCabe Adrian N. Darkin,
Quinn vs. Quinn Stunley N. Bevine

Matter of Van Deweer Hy W. Bookstaver
Hy Justice Truax
Matter of Burekardt George U. Morgan
luathan va Lathan John Hone, Jr
Hy Jpastioe Bischoff,
Goodsell vs. Gooder li \gernon 8, Norton
Smith vs. Galiatin ever fb. Olney
HWillings oa Priedel Joseph MeElroy
Freeman vs Rapp Henry B. Culver
By Justiee Leventritt
Fichter vs Brennecke Harold Nathan
By Justice Lawrence.
Matter of Martin F. Hiumenstiet
By Justice Stover.
Gonnerich va Voight....,,Jamesb. Kelip,

| legiate

There were arrears of taxes |

| Jaws iF

Mar- |

| They Robbed a Lawyer of Silverware and

  
 

| NEW COURSES AT COLU

STUDY AND INSTRUCTION IN COM!
MAY BE IN¢RODUCED,

Project Has the Active Support of the
Chamber of Commerce, Which Ix to Far.
nish the Fands -Basiness Men for Teachers

Subjects Embraced in’ the Courses,
The projected establishment of courses oft
study and instruction in commeree at Colum.
bia University through the instramentality and |
active aupport of the Chamber of Commerce
has been under consideration for more hana
year, The project was made asubjsect of in-
quiry by a apecial committee of the chamber
on commercial education, A proposition mado
on behalf of Columbia by President Seth Low
of the university, who is also chairman of the

Chamber's committee, and récommended by

the committee, was accepted and adopted by

the chamber, and the proposed courses will be
included in the Columbia curriculum As soon as
the money which the Chamber of Commerce has
undertaken to supply is raised, It is possible
that matters may progress so rapidly that the
courses will be iptrodueed the coming fall, but

it is more probable that they will come in 1901

The Chamber of Commerce has agreed to fur-

nish from $12,000 to $20,000 a year fora nume

ber of years, It is expected that after five

yenrs the fund and the courses will be self.
|
|
|

sustaining, but the university does not bind
itselfto carry them on without ald from the
chainber at the end of that period. The neces-
sities of the situation can be met with $12,000
a year ora little less, but it is contemplated to
supply facilities fofa more elaborate course If
the aubvention is raised to $20,000 a year,

The collegiate course in tommerce as pro-
posed by Columbia will be open to students of
the grate of High School graduates,and it is sug-
gested that graduates of the Commercial High
School which has been proposed by the Board
of Education might secure advanced standing
in the collegiate course. The collegiate course
is planned to cover four vears and preparation
je to be made to supplement this with univer.
sity courses upon eommereial subjects The

course is at first to lead, not to a degree, butto
Two plans for the course are

Sh pee cent of

! subjects

a certificate
suggested by Mr. Low-in one’
the couree to be given to commer
distinctively, in the other 34 per cent,

Ty regard tothetwo plans, Mr, Low ‘vrote:
‘Tt isto be sailthat the first looka at the mat.
ter mainly from the pontof view of the polith:
eal eeonomist, and that it would tury out men
more highly specialized and better ec ulpped to
understand the problems of ecommerce, so far
us they invelve questions of distribution. The
second plan pave more regard to the equip.
ment of the student forthe understanatig of
the processes of production, especially in the
direction of chemistry, and alms to give him a
broader general training.”

The cost of carrying into effect either plan
ic estimated at the same figure, $10,000 to
$1¥.500, and it is stated that the full proposal
of university canurses supplementing the enol.
earried out for 820.000 9
wo save that it may be left

 

   

oureae ean t
t

   
 
 
 

 

vear, Pi

to time to rmine whether the course
should lend to a degree

One plin presupposes graduation from a |
secondary school, public or private, in whieh |

Fnglish, mathematics, history, a natural seis
enee and one modern language (other than
Enelish! will have been stubed avetematically
tothe extent now required for admission to
Coluintba, The other is framed to make aa |
Jarve use as possaibe of existing courses of ine
strnetion atColumbia, Tt is proposed to ine |
elude in tha course training in writing Enelish,
study of some other mo tern language, of Burne |
peen and Ameriean history, id of politleat |
ecanomy and @ocial science, besides the spe
cially commeareial subjects, It is intended, the
prospeets says, that courses in the principles
governing Pusiness shall be given be men hav.
ing an intimate personal acquaintance with
netual basineass Jife. Courses in accounting, |
trinsportation, technigne of trade and com. |
merece, commercial ethies, a mrerolal credia, |
insnrar and eommeraial opportunities are |
enumerated among these |
Arnone theantieeta, someoptional andaome
required, tentioned tn the eurricnlam, are
tonorraphy, orowraphy, hydrography, meteor.
ology, geoenosy, geography economie effects of |
ehapos of continents, ofeontoursflandof water |
Hasses, of tomperature and moiature, of Zones |
of agricultural production, forest areas and }
yyineral belts), German, French, Spanish or
ltalian or any other modern language, and |
!
'
|
|

 

 

 

 

natural seience, ineluding industrial chemis-

Other entries in the eurrienlun  inelude
systema of weights and measures; currency
nod hanking aystems; euastoms regulations;
storage, bonding and harbor regulations: rulea
of navigation: marketa and faire; exchange
and price quotations; study of eommeroial
Commentary ons in produce exchanges;
eature and voeabulary; eommeretal
lon! trade and transportation; roads,
canals, railways? principles, practice and legis.

  
 

homen

   

 

 

lation: exchange, arbstrage and transactions

an wtock exchange, The Chamber of Come |
meree is eneaged now in the work of raising |
the necessary funds for the establishment of |

the course, and there ore already names on tha
subeeription list, The members of the chamber
on the Committee on Commercial Pdneation,
hes} os Chairman Low, were Gustav H. Sehwah,
fopes o cannon, W. Bayard Cutting and F.
i. Thurb

    

BURGLARS IN PORT JERVIS,

Were Caught in Lackawaxen, Pa

Pont Jurvrs, N.J, April 21.—Last nigh bure
glors entered the residence of Lawyer W, A,
Parshall of Port Jervis, gaining access to the
diningroom by opening a window, The oceu-
pants were undistarbed, The thieves secure d
aquantity of silverware, some of whieh had
been in the Parshall family two hundred years,

 

an armor valued at $300 and two of the
lawyer's overeo This morning Fria
Detective J. Feldman of this place

went to Lackawaren, a., Assing
a frefeht with hobos. When the freight train
pulled up oat the station Detective Feldman,
Conatable Kelly nnd a gang of track laborers
lined upon both sitea of the train and arreated
seven tramps. In acar they found two men in
hiding. One of them wore one of the stolen
eoats, They were arrested and the stolen goodla
ware found wrapped in the other overcont
They were professionals and had revolvera and
burglara’ tools. They gave their names as
Frank Nelson and William Ray of Brooklyn,
Thev wera taken to the jall at Milford, Pa,
thia afternoon to await extradition papers.

Faneral of Frederic Bronson,

The funeral of Frederic Bronson was hald at
Grace Chureh yesterday morning. Mr. Bron-
aon died of pneumonia at Palermo, Sicily, on
March The friends who attended the
funeral almost filled the body of Grace Church,
The services were conducted by Bishop Potter
andthe Rev, Dr WR. Huntington, The patl-

rera were BK. Sturiis, Adrian Iselin, Jr.,
Dr. Delatlelt, W. Bavard Cutting, George LL,
tives, Johnaton Livingston, A. J. Cassatt,
Coarles Gould, John Nash and Francis Delano
Weeks, Delegations from the Board of Trua-
teesof the City Cub and the Board of Gov-
ernors of the Knickerbocker Clab attended the
funeral, pews being reserved for them,

 

Hinlanders to Organize a Charch,

The first Finn church in this elty will be es-
tal lished this afternoon by & numberof Fin-
landers who wil! meet fn the old Calvary Pree-
byierian Church on L1Sth street, between Fifth
and Lenox avenues. Most of the organization
work for the new churen has been done by
Policeman Smith of the Special Seasions Court
sqiiad, Whoae many aequaintanoesa know him
bestas “Whiskers” Smith, He has been in
correspondence with two Finnish clergymen,
the Rev. Antti Makinen of Helsingfors, and the
Rev. Tolmar Braeren of Tampere, Finland,
who have promised tocome herd to tuke charge
of the congregation,

Clinton . Crane's Last Bachelor Dinner,

Clinton H, Crane gave hia farewell bachelor
dinner Jast night at the University Club, his
guess including Robert Soutter of Boaton, F.
Pensamin Riggs, Henry M. Crane, a brother
Daniel Le Roy Dresser and Austen Hoppin
Fox of this eitv; Vernon Munroe, Frederiel F,

 

Misa Rebecea Riggs in the Briok Pros.
Fifth

riedt
hyterian Chureh,
Beventh street

avenue and Thirty-

New Jersey's Arbor Day.

Friday next is Arbor Day in New Jersey In
Bercen county halfof the day will be spent by
pupila in the schools in making the achool
grounds attrective by arranging flower beds
and planting trees, shrubs, vines and flowers.
Theother hali will be devoted to observation
in the woods, flelds or mountains. Literary
eXxerciaas will be the enief feature of the even.
ing ‘The County Superintendent, Mr, John
Terhune, has iasned a sonvenir programme
iiiled with pleasant Arbor Day jiterature,

Held for Robbing a Department Store.

A young woman who eave the name of Mary
Brown wae held fortrialona charge of grand
larceny inthe Jefferaon Market Court yeater-
day, She was employed ss saleswoman in a
Rixth avenue department atoreon Monday last,
She was charged with steallag articles to the
value of $100, ,

/ mentof Columbia and the foreign residents

| the

Lowell, Julian Coolidge and Harold Cooli'ga |
of Boston, To-morrow Mr. Crane will be mare

  

 

 

THE REV. CHARLES BEEC

Last but One of the Famous Children of the
Rev. Lyman Beecher,
Havennine, Mass, Aprii 21.-The
Charles Beecher, brother of
Beecher and Harriet Beecher Stowe, died here
to-day at the age of 45 years,

lev.

The Rev. Charles Beecher was born at Liteh-
fleld, Conn, in 1815 and was the son of the
Rev Lyman Beecher, whose thirteen children,
in point of service in many lines, formed one of

‘the most distinguished families in American

history. Ho graduated trom Bowdoin College
inthe clays of N34 and studied theology like

most of his brothers, His education was
that of «a Presbyterian and his first
charge was in the Second Presbyterian
Chureh in Fort Wayne, Ind, Owing

to sume differences of belief between him-

selfand the leading members of the church he
left and became pastor of the First Congrega-
tional Chureh of Newark, N. J., from which he
went to the Firat Congregational Church in
Georgetown, Mass. Atteralong pastorate there
he went to Florida for his health and beeame
Rtaty Superintendent of Pubic Instruction He
weatfrom there to Wysox, Pa, where he was
pastor of the Congregational Church kor
keveral years previous to his death he did not
preach, Mr. Beecher wasn proficient  nmiusi-
cian and was the musieal collator or the Ply-
mouth colieetion of hymns. He was also an
author of several books, among them “Inenr-
nation, or Pietures of the Virgin and Her
Son,” “David and His Throne,” “Pen Pietures
ol the Bible,” “Autobiography and Corres-
pondency of Lyman Beecher,” “Redsemer
anit Kedeemed,” “Spiritual Manifestations,’
and ‘'Rden Tableau.”

By the death of Mr, Beecher there is now left
of the distinguished Beecher family only one
survivor, Mrs, Isabella Beecher Hooker of
Hartford, Conn. Up to about a month ago
there were two others living, but the Rey
Thomas K. Beecher, a distinguished cleray-
man of Elmira, N. Y., died at his home there,
and on the same day Mra, Mary Foote Beecher
Perkins dietin Hartford, Of the other dead
ehildran of Lyman Beecher, Catherine Father
Was a prominent educator and author af educas
tional and rellgioas works; William Henry, 4
clergyinan and missionary of wide influence;
Fdward, an educator and clergyman; George,
an eloquent and prominent preacher; James
who went intotoe Civil’ Warasa Chaplain and
eame out ineommandofaregiment and with
the brevet of Brigadier General; Frederick
Henry, whoattera short but brilliant eareeras
anofficorin the regular army wae kil ed on
the frontier in Indian warfare: Harriet Beecher
frowe, whose “Unele Tom's Cabin” made her
Name known in every civiizet community of
the world, and Henry Ward Beecher, the
famous pastor of Plymouth Church in
Brooklyn.

{MKAD FOR COLOMBIA,

 

TROUBLE

The Two Italians Who Were Attacked at a
Dinner Tell Thetr Story of It.

Dr. Antonio D'Amicoand Prof, Arturo Mas
lenchini arrived here yes erday from Barran-
quilla, Colombia, via Venevua'a, They are the
two Ital ans who were assicied for no apparent
eanuae by Colombian army officers at Barrun-
quillaon March 17, The eireumstanees which
have cause! a breach between the Govern-

.

Larranquilla, and which threatens a dijplo-

matic controversy notalone with Italy, but with

the United States, Pngland, Spain and Austria,

were told yesterday to a reporter by Dr.
D'Amico.

Ile had invited several of the most prominent

| residents toa dinner atthe Hote! La Estrelia,

to celebrate his departure for Rome, The party
inciuded the Spanish Conaul, the Secretary of
Austrian Consulate, and several Colome
binns, Englishinen, Americans and Ttaliane
When the last course of the dinner had been
reached, Gen. Palacio, chiel of the army at
Barranquilla, entered the banquet room, ate
companied by Gen, de Castro, and began a
tiradeao abuse against all present, character-
izing tho affair as a revolutionary gathoring.
He wound up hia denuneation, which was
punetuated with interjeetions of “Down with

Italy,” with a signal which was answered by
twenty. tive soldiers who were waiting outside,
Then Gen, Palacio ordered the arrest of sev-
eral of the Colombian guests whom he accused
of eonspiraey against the Governinent,

In answer to procasts from Dr. bY Amico, Gen,
Pa neto hurled a wine bottieat the latter's head,
but missed his mark, Dr. TY \mieo sage that
the most outrageous and insulting lang@uaye
was use! against the foreigners and that there

 

 

f was not the slightest reason for the belief that

the gathering was ofa revolutionary
all the political narties were repr
written protest waa mate by Dr. I’ Anieo to
the British Viee-Consu’ who ts looking after
the interesta of the Ptalians at Barranquilla in
the absence of thairConanl, Theprotest bears
the names of Julio Freund and August Strunz
Jr, tha two Americana present at the dinner,
A eopy, certified by the. British Viee-Consul,
has heen forwarde! to Rome and the Coton
hian Government will undoubte lly soon hear
from Italy

The other foreigners alan protested vigor-
ousiy against the wanton conduct of Gen,
Palacto, ‘There are reasons to helieve that the
outrage Wasa deliberate insult to Traly on ac-
count of the forced payment of a elaim againat
Coombla by a naval demonstration by Italy in
Colombian waters about two years ago,

nature, as
ated

 

 

 

 

NO MARRIAGE, NO MONEY,
Sweethearts’ Joint Account Makes Bother for

the Trust Company.

Pauline Aseher deposited £5,000 with the
United States Trust Company on Feb. 19 last
to the joint erelit of herself and Kaufman
Moses.- By mutual agreement $830 was with
drawn. Since Maret 4 last Pautine Ascher has
tried to draw the money, but the company re-
fused to pay it, stating that they hal received
notice from Mosesthat the money waa to be
drawn only on an order signed by him.

Panline Ascher avers that the money was de-
poatted asa marriage portion and that Moses
was to marry her on March 4 last. She sets up
anagreement by which shea waa to have tha
money if the marriage was not periormed.,
Before Mareh 4, she avers, Moses “insisted on
naloan of $500, and on deponent’s refusal said
he would not marry her.”

The trnst company ceclares that it knows
nothing of the marringy agreement and ne-
cepted the money as a joine depostt without
other limitations, ft obtained an order from
Justice Kischoff of the Supreme Court yester-
day erantng it leave to deposit the money with
the City Chamberlainand providing that Moses
he made defendant in the ease in its place in
the action Pauline Ascher has brought for its
recovery,

GARDINER'S COUNCIL OF WAR.

His Staff Meets to Plan His Defence on the
City Clab Charges.

The District Attorney's staff held a meeting
yesterday afternoon to discuss the District At-
torney’s defence to the charges of thaCity Club,
which begins next Wednesday, The entire
ataf? attended the meeting and each member
of the stall was assigned to the study of a par-
tontar class of the evidenee whieh will make
uothe vartons incidenta of Col, Gardiner’s te
fence. When the meeting broke up the
deputy, seeond deputy and special denuty as.
sistantea went away with typewritten abstreers
of the testimony which they were toudvance at
the trial

 

 

    

 

KILLED IN PARK kow,

Klobatscheek Stepped tn Front of a Third
Avenue Trolley Car,

Jacob Klobatachesk, who used to work about
St. Lukes Hospital, was struck by a north-
bound Third avenue trolley car at Park row
and Pear) atreet at 2 o'clock yesterday morn.

inw. He wasso badly injured that he diet at
the Hudacn Street Hospital ashort time after
Klobatscheek, tt is sald, stepped directly in
front of the ear when {ft was close upon bim
The motorman of the car, Martin Fallon, wus
arrested,

Benefit To-night for Marvin R. Clark,

An entertainment will be given at the Pifth
Avenue Theatre this evening forthe bene dt of
Marvin BR. Clark who was engaged in the news-
paper profession for many years until stricken
with blindness, In additon tothe lattor attic.
tion Mr. Clark has lost the use of his lower
limbs and has heen unable to leave his room
fortwo years, Among those who will assist to

the entertainment this evening are Mr. Joseph
Jefferson, Misa Camille Tr Arville, Mies Elita
Proctor Otla, Miss Anne Sutherland, Misa Kelen
Miss Minnie Seligman, Miss Minale Dupree,
A. Margaret Wagner, violinist; Inez Crabtree,
soprano: Anna Teresa Berger, cornetiat:
Louise Yruax, solo whistler. Leo Ditrichatein,
actor, will give a drawing-room sketeh, assiated
by Misses Sutherland and Keim

Riding Ring for Frank Conld’'s Stables

Plans were filed with Building Commissioner
Braty yesterday by York & Sawyer, areni-
tecta for Frank Jay Gould, tor extensive im-
provements to hia stables on Weat Fifty.
weventh and Fifty-eighth streets, which in-
clude the sonatructi on of a riding ring in a
trick addition, The improvements are to cost

,0UU, ‘

  

|
|

|

Henry Ward ,

PORTO RICO LEGISLATION.

Committee Amends Senate Resolation
Restrictions Regardiag Franchises.
Wasntnaton April 21,—The House Com-
mitteeon Insular Affairs to-day agreed upon
a substitute forthe joint reso ution passed by

 

| the Senate, carrying out the recommendations

of the President that the Porto Rico Civil
Government act be so amended that army
oMeers detailed for civil duties in the island
might be temporarily continued in office after
May 1, when the military government will be
abolished. Thesudstitute provides that until
the oMeerto filany office provided for by the
Porto Kico Civil Government act shall have
been appointed and qualified, the oMeer or
officers now performing the civil duties per-
taining to such office may continue to perform
the samo under the authority of that act, and
nu officer of the Army shall lose his commis-
sion by reason thereof; provided, that nothing
herein contained shall be held to extend the
time forthe appointment and qualification of
any such officers beyond Aug. 1, 1900,

Since the joint resolution was introduced an
agitation bas arisen to include in the measure

legislation on the subject of corporation fran-
chises in the island, and at the meeting to-
day, after an hour's discussion, the tollowing
additions were made to the text:

Section 2. Thatall franchises,privileges and con
cessions mentioned In section 32 of said act shall be
approved by the Presidentof the United States, and po
such franchise, privilege or concession shal be opera
tive until it shall have been so approved.

Sec 3. That all charters of pen corporations
shall provide that the same shall be subject to amend-
ment alteration and repeal, or shall forbid the issue
of stock or bonds, except in exchange for actual cash
or property ata falr valuation. equal in amount to
the par value of the stock or bonds issued; shal! for-
bid the declaring of stock or bond dividends, and, to
the such publie service eornorations shall provide for
the effective regulation of the char@es thereof and for
the purchase or taking by the public authorities
of thelr property ata fatr valuation. No corporation
shall be authorized t© conduct the business of buying
and selling real estae, °suln@ currency or engaging
in agriculture ov permitted to Bold or own real es
tate, except such as may be resona bly necessary to
enable it to carry out the purposes for which It ts
created Hankin® corporations, however, May
authorized toloan funds upon real estate security,
and to purenase real estate when necessary for the
eolicetion of loans, but they shall dispose of all real
estate so obtained within five years after receiving
the tUe. Corporations other than those organized
in Porto Rico and dotng business therein, shall be
bound by the provisions of this: section as far as they
are applien dle

The first section was offered by Mr. Crum-
packer (Kep., Ind.) aad was agreed to withont
opposition, The other was offered by Chairs
man Cooper(itep, Wis.) and was adopted bya

vote a Stoo

henator Burrows, by request, to-day
intraduced a bill authorizing the re-
funding to the merehants engaged in the
commerce of Porto Rico the duties collected
frointhem by the military authorities on the
four, rice, pork, bacon, codfish and lumber
finported from the United States subsequent
to military occupation and held in stock by
those merchants after those articles were
pinced on the free list, The amount claimed is
yet woen $6,000 and $7,000,

Army and Navy Orders.

Wasntnoton, April 21.- These army orders
isaned Friday:

‘These acting assisting surgeons from the places
indicated to San Praneiseo Thomas Z. Hall, from
Waveland, (nd; James |. Day from Lebanon, Mo.;
Paul T Deseez, from Washington, D. C.: Robert 1.
Feits from New York city: Aiva R. dlull, from New
Sharon, Is. Frederick W. Hulsebere, from New
Haven, Conn: Frederick C, Jaewson, from Columbus,

w

 

 

Ohio; Wendell A. Jones, from. Westerville Onto;
James Vo May, from) Philadelphia; Sanford B.
MeClure, from Cineinnath Lewts B. Porter, from

New Haven, Thomas 1. Rhoads from HKoyertown,

Pa, Jona dl. Shepard, from Galesburg, I); John M
Shepherd, from Urooklyn, No Yi, Hdmund 1D.
Shortiidge from Wiimington, Del.. Edwin R. Ten
ney, from Kansas City, han.; Charles F. Sanborn,

from Willard, N.Y

Major Gen, Houston, additional Paymaster, from
Doretester, Mass, to St. Lonts. relieving Major
Bradner DP. Slaughter, additlonal Paymaster

Major Wiliams D. Crosby, Surgeon, from the divis

  
  

 

fon of the Philippines to New York elty as attending
Surgeon an aiminer of recruits, relieving Cant
WwW am St henson Assi-tant Surgeon, ordered to
San Fraveiseo

[deut. Col. Alfred Woodaull, Deputy Surgeon Gen
eral t Willlom Stephenson. Assistant Surgeon
and Evelid 8. Fries, Asststant Surgeon, are detatied

 

 

to represent the medical department of the army at
the meeting of the Ameriean Medical Association, tu
be he'd at Atiantle City, June 5 to &

Acting Assistant Surgeon James L. Bevans from
San Vraneisea to Seattle and thence to the Depart
ment offAlaska

eng Assistant Surgeon Harrison W. Stuckey to
San Vraneiseo for assignment to duty with troops
@ ing tothe Philippine Islands

The following named medical officers are detailed to
represent (he medical department of the army et the
ninth annual meet'ng of the Assoctation of Milita
Surgeons ofthe United States. to be held at New
York, May 49 to June 2: Col, Charles C. Byrne,
Asststant Surgeon General; Cant: William C. Borden,
Assistant Surgeon, and Capt Charles M Gandy A®
sistant Surgeon

Cant. James M. Kennedy, Assistant Surgeon, from
the Department of Callfornia by the frst avatlable
transport to Manila

 

 

 

Theae naval orders have been {ssued:

Lieut W. W. Buchanan, from the Vermont to in
speetion duty at Elizabethoort, No J. and Morris
Mei@pts No Y.: Assistant Naval Constructor D. H

Cos. ty additional duty as superintendiag construe
tor of the Stringuam at Wilmington, Del

Rear Admiral Wa'son has cabled to the Navy De
partment a list of charges among officers on the
Asiatic station, ineluding the vew comolement of the
flag-bip Baltiinore for her homeward journey. The
listfollows: Cant... M. Porsythe, Lieutenant-Com
mander A. Ward, Lieut SS. Wood, Lieut F Mar
ble, Ensign B.S. Watson, Lieut WS. Crosley and
Passed Assistant Surgeon L) Morris from the Brook
lyn to the Baltimore

 

Lieut’ H. G. MaeParland, from the Brooklyn to
the Concord
Capt. C. M. Thomas, from the Baltimore to the

Broo'lyn

Paymaster S. L. Heap, Capt. J. T. Myers, 1. 8S.
MC’, acd Assistant Surgeon T. M. Lipplit. from the
Baltimore to the Oregon

Lieut. ©. M. MeCormick, from the Bennington to
the Brooklyn

Lieutenant Commander C. B. T. Moore and Fnsign
M. St. C. Flils, from the Bennington to the Monte
rey

Passed Assistant Surfeon James Stoughton, from
the Benningion to the Castine

Ensign W. oH. Reynold, from the Bennington to the
Isla de Cuba

Lieut. b
Yosemite

lieu D
Coneord

Capt. Edwin Longnecker, from the New Orleans
to the Yokohama Hospttal

B. Blerer, from the Bennington to the

W. Blamer, from the Monadnock to the

Lieut. F.C. Bleg, from the New Orleans to the;Cen-
cord

Lieut. KB. H, Seribner, from the Concord to New
Orleans

Ensign C. T. Owens and Lieut. B.O Seott, from
the Concord to Brook

Ensign A. T. Chester, from the Concord to the Bal-
timore

Lieut
sen

A ant Surgeon J.C. Thompson, from the Castine
to the Kennington

Lieutenant Commander J. H
terey w the Bennington

Carpenter W. P. Itarding, from the Monterey to the
Baltimore

Ensign H Laning, from the Isla de Cuba to the
Benale gton

Lieutenant Commander H. T
Yorktown tothe Rennington

Cadet b. C. Kalbfus, from the Petrel to the General

 

 

A. N. Mayer, from the Coicorl to the Yo

  

Bull, from the Mon

Cleaver, from the

Alava

Ensign W. \V. Pratt, from the Newark to the Ben-
nington

Kosie. F HM. Brumby, from the General Alara to
the Sctndia

Iieut tS. Rodgers, from the Seindla to the Ben-
nington

Lieut P. Doughter and Lleutenant-Commander C.
J. Boush, fran the Yosem!te to the Comeord.

Lieut J. Craven, from the Yosemite to the Con
cord

Assistant Surgeon A. G, Grunwell, from the Yo
semite to the Hrooklyn

Capt. if Ruseell U.S. MOC, and Ensign QW. 8
Henry, fromthe Yokohama Hosnttal and home.

Cadet J EB. Matthews, from the
pital t) Mare Island Hospital
Ensign ©. M. Poser, from the Yokohama Hospital
and to the Baltimo
Ideut J. 1. Jayne, tothe Newark
Tieutenant Commander H. Minett and Lleut, C.
Haves to the Monadnock

Yokohama ‘Hos

 

H.

Gov, Allen Salis for Porto Rico.

Wasarvoron, April 21.—The despatch boat
Dolphin, bearing Gov, Allen of Porto Rico,

Mrs. Allen, Mise Allen and Webster Howell,
Mr, Allen's stenographer, left the Washington
Navy Yard this aXernoon for San Juan. Ve

| flagsh p New Yors and the battieship Texas

Jeit Hamilton, HKermuda, this morning for
Samana Bay, Sant Domingo, where they will
join thea wunb Machirs and be joined Jarer
by the Dolphin, whieh the three other vessel4
wil! escort to San Juan ,

The Secretary of the Navy and Mra. Long
Recretary War Root, Secretary ofthe Interior

   

 
 

  

   

Hiteheock ar Admiral Terry anda number
of others prominent ofMflelally and socially
went to the navy yard to aee Mr. Allen off.

When the Do'phin Jeft the wharf, the Marine
Band played ‘Auld Lang Syne,” a Governor's
salute was flretanda detachment of inarines
presented arms The eabin of the Dolpnin
was decorated with flowers sent by the Presi.

 

dent and Mra. Mefinley, Secretary and Mre
Long, Secretary ant Mrs. Root and. other
friends of Gov. Allen.

Bills Passed tn the House,

Waasttrsaros, April 21.—Under unanimous
consent, the House to-day passed the following
bills

To provide compensation for Commisstoners of
Tonited States courts ti ¢ hilnew deportation cases

Authoring (he AVantic aud Gulf Short Line Rail
road to bulld tridges in Georgia

loestabiichacew llghtand fog signal station on
the breakwater of the new barborof refuge on De
ware Hay, at aeost af SA0000 .

Senate bill ty) authorize the Ohio Valley Flectrie
Railroad Compatiy to build a bridge over the tig
Sandy at Kanawha

Senate Dill Authorizing a public bridge to be erected
over the Tallahatenie iver, Tallahatehie eounty
Misty: Lop) :

Senate Dill to grant American register to the foreign
Wullt steamer Garonne, owned in Seattle and Tacoma.

 

css ese cei meee A A LD

 

  
     
 

THE NAVAL BILL PASSED,

ALL OF THE AMENDMENTS AGREED
TO IN GROSS.

 

The Armor Provision ts Constroed to Anthor,
ize the Secretary to Procare Armor top
the Maine, the Ohio and the Wississinys
Without Any Limitation as to the Price,

Wasninaron, April 21.0 When the |
entered upon the business of the day Mr}
(Rep, f1) called up the Naval Approprints yy,
and the Speaker announced that the
question was on the first amendment macs
Committee of the Whole, in accordance wi
demand made yesterday by Mr Underw
Ala.) for a separate vote on each amendmen:

Mr. Underwood, withdrawing the demand top
a separate vote, made a brief statementot hig
reason for having madeit. He thought the mins
iiy had been unfairly used in the matter
on the armor plate provision and he felt}
taliating by the course he had taken

‘The amendments were then agreed to in grigg
and the bill passed, a molion to reconsider having
been voted down

Mr Foss made the following statemen: r@
garding the provisions of the bill as to armog
plate and removing restriction On constr jog
of ships authorized last year

“In my judgement the oe regard toarmop
plate as it passed the House, authorizes the Ser.
tary of the Navy to procure by contract armor fp
the battleships, the Maine, the Ohio and the Mow
souri, without any Hmitation as to the price,
The point of order by Mr. Vandiver of Missourf

ainst the provision as reported in the |i) ape
pfied purely to the words ‘flve hundred and forty
five dollars,’ and that point of order having beeg
sustained, the words ‘five hundred and forty tive
dollars’ are stricken out, and therefore it leaves
the question of price enurely in the discretion of
the etary of the Navy. A pointof order wag
also made on that provision of the bill which prow
vided for the removal of the restriction on cone
struction which was placed by the lost Naval
Appropriation bill upon the battleships Geos

 

Liem,

conte
ore

 

New Jersey and Pennsylvania, ships of 1 had
tons Kisplacepent, and the three armoted criiserg
California, Nebraska and West Virginia, of 1209
tons displacement. Point of order was sustain

ltis much to be regretted that any one of the oor
side of the House should have made the pontof
order against the removal of this restneton,
which would have — permitted he cone
struction of these vessels to have give
on. I am informed that the plans are

ractically ready, and the letting of contrans
lor their construction should be done at once, bus
the people will understand that the responsthiliy
is not upon the Naval Committee or upen the
Republican side of the Chamber.”

OUR COAST DEFENCES.

Gen, Miles Opposed to the General Adoption
of Disappearing Carriages,
WastINaTon, April 21-—Major Gen. Milests
opposed to the general adoption of the disappear
ing system in the mounting of guns for east des
fence and has filed with the Seerctary of Were
protest against adopting the system. He say
‘The mechanism of these disappearing cam
riages is complex inthe extreme, consisting of 4
great number of parts, and requiring eons ad
daily care on the part of the artilery troo sto
keepttin proper working order,even underthec te
ditions of peace, During the past yrarace cents
which have temporarily disabled the guns have
been of frequent occurrence at the different aril:
lery posts, due in some cases to de‘ective material,
in others, and more tarely, to lack of proper care,
but primarily duein most, if not all, cases tod
fectsinherentin thedisappearing system itshould
also be noted thatthirty-e ghtormorethanone half
the total number of G-inch rapid fre guns, are to
be placed on disappearing mounts, thus prey
ing that rapidity of fre whieh is the ohisf velar
this gun, and notwithstanding the fact that the

'

1 ard of Ordnance and Fortification has no ort
adopted a type of carriage for guns of this caliier

“In my opinion the disappearing carriage as on
element in coast defence is still more orless an et
periment. Itis yet to be subje te ! to the rig: rows
test of actual war. It is costiy to instal! and
maintain, and at least 25 percent. more cost) ia

engineering work of emplacement than the pro
tected barbette mount Experience thus far hos
shown it to bo more casi'y disabled than any ihe
type of seacoast carriege The medern coast
defence systems of Eurcpeafford us @ strikinc
contrast in this respect, since, with the exception
of n very few installed for pur; oses of experimen,
thereis not. sofar as I can learn, a single visa
pearing gun carriage in use in any foreign sr
vice to-aay. Iam informed by probably the
frreatost living authority. on artillery matters ia
England, Sir Edwin ooble, F. i. Ss. that the cons
sensus of opinion among artillery expers
throughout Europe is utterly opp 6cd_ to the use
of divanpearing carriages of any kind.”

Gen. Miles has also presented jis views ty the
sub-committee of the Senate Committee on Atpre
priations, THe was summoned before the eonir it
tee and testibed regarding 4 number of imp: ‘
subiects bearing ou coast defeace and explosive

Senator Perkins asked for an opinionon tis
Isham shell. Gen, Miles described the testof ta
shell, which he said had merit. This brought uo
the ma‘ter of thorite, the inventor of which s+
Gen Miles, bad offered the use of thatvalince
explosive to the Government and the oiler re
mained openfor four months and he finally wills
drew it) “Thedangeris,’’ said Gen Miles that
the explosive will go to some other Covernme it a9
many of the best inventors have been driven to
other countries in order to dispose of their liven
tions, For instance, Gatling, Hotebkiss, Moxim
and Lee were obliged to dispose of their inver 4

   

  

 

 

to other governments, and in case «f wer ve
| should be met with the result of their ine .
There isdanver that thorite will be dispeedof
either to Pinerland, Russia or Germany. or per
haps all of teem, and not kept in our eountr
Senator Perkins= What is the offercf the om

ventor of thorite?

 

Gen, Miles. ‘The history of that is somewint
rewarksbe, During the Klondike excitemn',
when they found great quantities of gold inthe
frozen soil of Alaska, they were obliged to find
some means of breaking this frozen ground
Nitro-glycerine was too sensitive to ecid thet
could not use that successfully This coct rat

Tacoma, Wash., wentto studying on the sv bircct
He is a chemist. Times were hard iy \ '
ington and Oregon at that time and he wen
on experimenting to try to find @ pen

sensitive to heat orcold He discovered tus o
plosive, which is perfectly safe and whi “itl

stand any amount of heat without ex;

He made a proposition to dispose of his erire
secret and nights for $170,000, and then alert
waiting four months, withdrew it On: ward
experimented with thorite and tasted i! th rougrie
in every possible way Our board mace its re
portand recommended its purchase, “This |

 

sition was made tothe Secretury of War rene
for four months and then was withdraw:

GEN. OTIS REPORTS CASUALTIFS.

 

Killed and Wounded in the Philippines ts
March and April.
WARRINGTON, April 21.--The following |e
tality Hist from Gen, Otis was made put tthe
War Department to-day

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

   

Killed--Luzon: April 11, at Orion, Con pase
C, Thirty-second Infantry, Donald Mai lon
lad and Harry F. Baster; April 1d at Th
Company G, Thirty-fourth Infantry, 0» Pr
Johnson and Quarterma: ter Sargeant | s
Linstad; Aprnli7,at Pulilan, Company \! Ive
Hfth Infantry, Robert G. Mehine '
18, at Mutuantium, Company B, Vhirt e
fantry, John Orth, artifieer, Aprils. a’ s
Caceras, Company kh, Forty-‘fth | ,
Richard Risenach; Feb. 6, at Legaspi
F, Forty-seventh Infantry, George Fo Meo
Company HH, Forty-seventh Infant 4
Kutschinisk!

Samar: Mareh 26, at Calbagog, Company Hy
Forty-third Infantry, Adam t n-iun

Levte: March 16, at Jare, Companys Bt °
third Infantry, A. RFdward. rusievn

Mindanao: April 7. at Cagaya, ¢ ‘
Fortieth Infantry, Rallie K °
pany K, Fortieth Infantry, Frederi al
and Charles F. Guyer

Wounded) Livon) Mareh 7 ‘ e
puny J Twenty-second Pofant ‘ ‘ .
Kay, sergeant, head, seriou Ape °
lan “ore Wy M, Thirty. | 7
drew PP oud, Test -erwennt
April is atGrion, Thirty-flith di {
Lieut. John P. Hiasson, lew, modera

Samar March at San Jose, ¢ .
Forty-third Infantey, Charles 1 '
serious

Levte: Mareh 20 at Malithog, ¢
Porty-third Infanirv, Rdward Hill ar .

Mindanao April 7, at Cagayan ¢
Fortieth Infantry, Bentanun bw
men, serious, Phineas bo Hustead i?

George M n, lew, slight Clarence
lor. eh aS he Alfred Cond bet
erate’ Company M Fortieth Lute
William J. Watson feet moderate
Shaffer, thisch, serion trmpa |
Jnfantry, Claude & Ad I
serious; Frank Bo Parr he ‘i
Charles Marshall, sergeant. thi

Movements of Naval Vessels.

Wasetsatos, April 21.--The naval on 4
trainfng ahin Prairie arrived at Naw Grend
to-day. The gunboat Vixen asaied /

iibere vor Fort Poder. and the tretaine «i
ixie from Port Saic nob he 5
Manila to-day. vr Aden on her way J