I$ NEARLY OVER.

STRIKE

TUE BIG CROTON RIVER DAM AGAIN
SWARMING WITH LABORERS,

 

Some or All of the Troops May Be Sent Home
Soon Contractors Make a Statement om-
paratively Few of the Men Had Keen Ke-
celying Wages of Only 61.25 a Day Pay-
ment of March Wages Made Yesterday.

Cphoron Lanpino, N. Y,, April 21,-All that is
left of the now Cornell] Dam strike is repre-
sented by a few acattered Itallans, some
working {in their little garden patches,
and here and there a group of two or throe

lounging in the warm = epring sunshine
Down in the deep gorgy which
the dam when completed will transform

into a mountain lake scores of laborers, look -
ing like ants from the bigh elevation of the
military headquarters, were busily at
work, On the massive wall of the dam
itself swarma of men were swinging the
great derricks and lowertng stone to tho
places’ where, it is to be presumed, they
will rest for ages. Smart little engines came
punting in from the quarries six milea away
dragging long trains of flat ears loaded with
stone, while other trains rolled up the valley
for fresh Joads, You would never have guessed
there wasu strike from any tndications that
were in sight.

And tn view of the quiet, harmless little
handful of people who stand for what a fow
days ago seemed to threaten riot and biood-
shod, the overwhelming army of armed men
spread over all the commanding hills seems
laughably absurd,

In other words, the strike, 90 far as itovor
menaced the public peace, is a thing of the
past: and even so far as it blocked the progress
of work on the dam, it is rapidly nearing the
end, The military are still here in full foree,
less the two separate compantes which
went away day before yesterday. Not only
are they here, 1,300 strong, but they will re-
main here for a time that is still undeter-
mined, Gen. Roe sald this afternoon that there
would be absolutely no change in the military
arrangements for anothor thirty-six hours
atleast. Beyond that ha would not commit
himself, but it is very probable that
tho early part of next week, perhaps not
later than Monday afternoon, the movement
of soldiers homeward will begin. Gen. Roe
naturally could not say whether the whole
body would be sent away at the same time or
whether certain companies would go firet thus
gradually reducing the forces, Certainly by
Monday, if to-day’s progress continues, leas
than one half the present strength would be
sufficient to meet any conceivable emergencies,

The contractors estimate that fully 100 more
than tho 312 men reported yesterday were at
work to-day. The general appaarance of tn-
creased activity fully bears out this statement,
On Monday the proceas of filling with new

men the places left vacant by the
strikers will begin in earnest. It seems
safo enough to belleva tho contractors’

statements that by Wednesday practically the
full foroe would be at work. About one hun-
dred and fiftymen drew thelr pay and went
away soon after the strike began. They told
the paymaster at the time that they were going
to be out of reach of the trouble, but that they
would come back when it wasover, Lettore
from them and communieations through their
friends have been coming in to the contractors
thick and fast to-day and yesterday. By Mon-
day a large percentage of them will be back, it

ia thought.

There has been 80 much confusion and mis-
representation about the rate of wages
actually paid the men on the works that to-
day the. contractors, Messrs. Coleman,
Breuchaud & Coleman, made a formal astate-
ment. There has been so much talk about
$1.25 Pe day that the impression has been
created that that was the prevalling wages for
day labor. Asa matter of fact oat of 750 men
employed, there were only about seventy-five
oreighty who received that rate of pay. The
contractors’ statement fs as follows:

“A partial statement is substantially a mis-
statement, as it's misleading to people who
have not time nor opportunity to examine into
the merits of the case

“The wages per day for employees of the
month of March were as follows: $1.25, $1.30,
35, $1.40. $1.50, $1.75, $2.00, $2.25, $2.50,

  

  
   

2.75, $3.00, $3.20 10, $4.00, $5.00.
lonthly men from to $150 per month.
Our payments for service vary according to
the merits and services of the employee. Our
firm has paid and does pay as hiah wages as is
paid in the United States for stmilar services.

“The Italian has not been discriminated
against, All employees have been treated
equally for similar service, no matter what
thoir nationality may have been

“No employee was forced or constrained
to board in any particular boarding house
They could board wherever they wished,
or oceupy a house on the work or
off the work, just as they preferred.
The boarding houses and store on the work
were merely for the convenience of the em-
ployees, which they were nat iberty to occupy
or use attheir pleasure, The boarding houses
and store were not operated by the company

‘Our work to-day Is probably more tn the
nature of a trade school than any other work
inthe country. For example: We have men
in our employ who are recetving $3.50 per day
who, started as boys at boys’ pay four years
ago,”

The work of paying the men for the month of
March began at about o'clock this morning.
The money, $30,000, was brought up from
New York last night and taken over from
Croton Landing under @ guard to head-
quarters whero clerks put it into envelopes
which were packed in a (dress suit case and
carried this morning in the pay car to the
quarry, where the paying began, Only men
actually at work were paid from the pay oar.
The strikers got their money from the gom-
v“ny's offices, which now are the military
yendquarters.

Among the early ones toarrive was the girl
wife of Cemoente Tatalo, who was arrested two
days after his marriage Mrs. Solart, the wife
of another man arrested, and who was left

 

 

penniless when he was taken away,
was sent for by the contractors, who
gave her money to provide for her
necessities until her husband's case
is disposed of. Payment of men from start to
finish was entirely without incident. They

presented their brass checks bearing their
numbers, got their money and went about
their business, The only unusual feature was
the military guard, It consisted of a detail
often men from Company K, Seventh Regl-
ment, under Corporal Stout, M. B, Meagher,
KE. F. MeCarthy and LJ, Lewis represented the
eontractors, Mr. Lewis, the timekeeper hinds
ing out the envelopes as they were ealled for
The men of the Seventh Regiment have been
much annoyed by silly varns that have been
printed about the prevalence of sickness
among them and the unhealthfulness of thelr
eampaite, They dread the anxiety this will
cause among their friends, anxiety which ts
absolutely groundiess, for there {fa not
a man sick in the regiment and their
camps ara admirably healthful, The Seventh
1s going through an experience In one reapect
which it has never had before and for whieh it
is notentirely equipped, [thas been split up
into four divisions tn camp at long distances
from each other, The regiment is prepared for
division {nto two battalions, but where there
ure eub-divisions — beyond that certain
things are lacking, The hospital corps ia dea-
fective, foronething. Companies G, H and D,
for instance, bavea hospital that is represented
by atentand some hay. There are no doctors
and no medicine, It is purely a faith-cure
sanitarium

In Company K_of the Seventh there was
an election of offleers_yeaterday afternoon
Recond — Lieut. VF. Barron was. elected
First Lieutenant in place of First
Lieu: WwW. .o Seott, who has «gone
to the staff, First Sergt. Bernard was
elected to the Second Gieutensnes, left
vacant by the elevation of Lieut. Barron Cor-
poral A W. S. Cochran was elected firat ser-
geant. Private J. W. Cary, Jr. was chosen cor:
poral, The electious were all unanimous and
this evening Companies K and IT, who are
camped on the steep hillatde above head-
quarters, held festivities in honor of the event.

Adjutant-Creneral Hofman called at the camp
foran informal vieit on his way up from
New York to Albany this afternoon and
later Gen, Fitzgerald came and made a
brief call. Many of the companies were
kept bard at work drilling during to-day,
and there was practice In long distance wig-
wageing from camptocamp, Had it not been
for the atrike duty. Company GG woul
srobably have been at Fort Sehuyler to-day,
t was arranged with the eommander there
that the company shouht go and have a
sham battle with the United states troops the
company to attack the regulars, The plan was
forthe Seventh men to march to the fort in
heavy marching order, stay over night and
come back to-morrow evening Wut the strike
chanwed all that.

It is said there will Le hundreds of visitors

to the eamp to-morrow if it is a fair day,
and Gen. Koe saya all will be weleome.
Ky — special arrangement with Supt
Bradley oof th tallway BMail Service,
there will be «| spectal postal delivery
to-morrow at Croton Landing, whieh ordinarily

vets no letterson Sunday, Companies A, B and
Batthe quorry near Peekskill have so many
visitors that a stage line between Peekskill
and the camp has been started to acom-
modate them, The men of the companies
are having about the fh «tend of the work.
Their duties are ne ' thoireawnop alte is
heathful vod nttat as well, raved they have
an ample supply of pare water bro wnt
in by @ pipe laid especially for thelr b.n-

efit. The ouly inmate of the hospital ts
a pet turtle, which has been adopted formally
and which, when the soldiera go away, will be
turned loose to go on tte travels with the names
of the companies Insaribe! on Its back.

No more arresta were made to-day and there
areno more imminent suve that of William
Casella, who did not return from New York

‘to-day as it was said he would All the
' deputies save five have been discharged and
‘unless some evidence t¥ found poloting to
| some one as implicated in the murder of Beret,
Douglass, it {4 not probable that any more
arrests will be made.

Waite Prats, N. Y,, April 21.—Judge Lent
in the County Court to-day held the twenty
Italians arrested at Cornell Dam {tn connection
with the atrike there to await the action of
the Grand Jury, The strikers were repre-
sented at the examination by Lawyer Antos
nlo C. Astarita of 320 Broadway, New York,
and David H. Hunt of the Westchester county
har, Mr. Hunt moved to dismiss the prisoners
on the ground that the warrants failed to show
facts and only stated conclusions. The motion
was denied

Charles 8. Gowan, division engineer of the
Aqueduct Commissioners in charge of the con-
atrietion of the pew dam, told how the city
of New York would be without water should

the striking Italians carry out) thelr
thread of blowing up the old Croton
dam, which is Immediately back of the new
dam. The general superintendent of the
work, Byron Goldsborough, told how the
strikers threatened to kill any pew men
that filled their places at the dam, An-
gello Rotella told him that the men were

and would killany man that
Other witnesses were
Acton

4a murderous set
crossed the bridwe
Sheriff Malloy and Deputies Breeze,
and Keolpini

Judge Lent said sufficient evidence had been
given to bold all the prisoners and that they
would be held tn $2,000 each, pending the @d-
thon of the Grand Jury, which will convene on
May7

Leading oftieers of the National Guard in
Brooklyn think that if it ia thought necessary
to keep treops at Cornell Dam beyond to-day
Major-General Roe should send home the
troops that huve been on duty duringthe last
week and replace them with other troops

“Phe troops now at the scene of the disturbs
ance have been there for one week,” said @

rominent stal? officer yesterday Tt is not
‘air to them or their families to keep them there
longer. There are 15,000 troops in the State
only too anxious to have. the opportunity of
dolng duty for a week at the Croton; Dam, and
many of the Brooklyn soldiers would like to be
called upon to relieve Troop C. By dividing
up the work among the various regiments the
men would get good wholesome training, far
better than they would receive during a week’s
tour at the State camp.”

TRYING A “RIOTER.”

 

He Did and Satd Certain Things, but Not on
the Day Specified in the Complaint,

Croron Lanpina, N. Y., April 21--The
rest of the alleged strike leaders who were
arrested without warrants by Sheriff Molloy’s
deputies on Thursday were all held for the
action of the Grand Jury by Justice of the
Peace Georges W. Baker hore this afternoon.
Two of the seven men arrested without war-
ranta had already waived examination, and
after the hearing In the case of Frank Per-
taucha this afternoon Lawyer Jobn T. Torpy
of Peekskill who appeared for all five prison-
era waived examination of the remaining four.
Deputy Sheriff Angelo Rorke appeared as
representative of the Sheriff.

Special Deputy Sheriff Irving of Sing Sing
was complaining witness against Pertaucha.
His affidavit alleged that Pertaucha did “at
about 11:80 o'clock {n the forenoon of April
19, carry a concealed weapon, namely a stiletto
and incite a riot.” Irving testified that he
had arrested Pertaucha on the order of the
Sheriff and upon searching him had founda
stiletto in his pocket. He sald Pertaucha
had been recognized by another man in the
Sheriff’s party as one of the rioters, and that
he himself had seen him twice before and
marked him specially once, when on Friday
afternoon, of last week, when he stood on the
bank above the Bowery Bridge with two or
threa hundred other men, women and chil-
dren, He had a piece of rock in each band,
and that he was afraid he might do something,
but had not arrested him because he had been
ordered to retire He said that Pertaucha
had called out: “Go back, go back you -—-~"
in Euglish. He saw him again, he raid, the
next morning when an attempt was made
to min an engine out of the shed, and a gang
of strikers came Lalf way down “Spion Kop,”
aa the bluff is called, and threatened the deputy
sheriffs, Pertaueba came down mebt behind
a man who carried a revolver, and he kept
his eye on him for five or ten minutes He
saw bim talking and gesticulating with the
other Italians. He heard the talk only as a con-

fused babel of sounds.

Lider cross-examination Irvi suid that
at the time of the arrest Pertaucha lad been
sitting quietly with several other Italians on
the step in front of a housein Litde Italy, fe
had made no resistance to his arrest or Lo being
searched, and had said that he used the kulfe
found in his pocket to cut bread with, He
had not seen Pertaucha commit any aot of
violence other than hold two pieces of rock
in his hand on any of the occasions that he had

seen him

Mr. Torpy
ing's teatimony on the
mah r to the time spec

objected several thmes to Irv-
rounnd that ft didnot
ed in the complaint,
which alleged the Inciting of 4 riot on hurs-
day morning. Mr. Irving sald the complaint
did no such thing, and the lawyer carried the
commitment around to him and read it to him.

‘Did you swear to this?” he asked.

ertainly, and] swear to it still,

‘Doesn't this affidavit of yours state that the
defendant ineited a riot on Thursday?

“a ee

“But read it.’ ;

"Oh that isn't right. I didn't swear to that
part of it, and I sha’n't do it. Nobody ever
Said there was a rloton Thursday. Pertaucha
was carrying concealed weapons on ‘Thursday,
and the Judge has the knife.”

Special Deputy Sherifl Warner, a former
Sheriff of Putnam county, testified that he had
seen Pertaucha on oo Kop” last Saturday,
and that Pertaucha had earried both a gun
and a revolver whioh he “pointed at every body
in the works, like the Irishinan who sald ‘It
doesn't make any difference, but Tam going to
kill you.’” Warner also «nid that he had heard
Pertancha say in English that he would shoot
somebody if that engine were not run back
into the house

Mr. Torpy again moved that the evidence
relating to another date than had ppecified
in the complaint be stricken out While Jus-
tice Baker was writing out the motion and his
denial of it and Mr, Torpy’s exception, Mr,
Warner relighted his cigar, which had gone out,
and suggested that the complaint be anvend
or that & new one be made, or anything else
be done in order to hold the prisoner,

“T tell you, Judge,” he sald,"if [ had my way
I'd arrest every damn one of tham Guineas

Mr. Torpy's third motion for dismissal was
on the ground that no evidence showing that
Pertaucha’s knife (a clasp knife with a short,
heavy blade, very sharp, and with a catch to
hold it open) was carried with intent, as a
weapon, had been given, and his fourth was
on the ground that all the evidence was in-
sufficient to make out a case. All his motions
were denied, and Pertaucha was held in $600
hail

Throughout the hearing the prisoner, a
heavy-set man, perhaps 35 years old, with
a conical head covered with stiff dark hair,
a square chin that needed shaving, close-lying
ears and the small gold rings by which Irving
identitied him, sat without any apparent in-
terest in the proceedings, He preserved the
same demennor all the way to the White Plains
jail whither he and the others, except one who
was bailed, were taken

rR. 1. STEVENSON'’S GRAVE,

His Widow's Determination to Keep It In-
violate,
lb rom the Erening Post
LONDON, April 21 rhe widow of R. L. Ste

genson has taken a decisive stand against the
proposal to dig up her husband's bones and carry
them from Samoa to Scotland for reburial. She
saves in a letter quoted In the Speoker today
“The mountain peak where Mr Stevenson les
is my own property. “Lhere L axpect one day
to lie beside him. The spot was chosen by him
for his and my burial place at the very time when
the political relations between him and the Ger

mans were most strained But the quarrel was
always o political one, nothing more; and that

his point of view was right and wise Germany
has fully {mitted by words and deeds ie
was tolerant without bitterness. [ think his

and What his grave should be
nany, instead of England

letters prove this
fisturbed becaus

  
 
 

lias wiven peace w distreeted islands, ld
be contrary to his character, wachings, and wishes
IL rise to Kieher levels and am still conselous

 

of an extra heartheat when PE look at the photo
graphs of bis study, where so much of his best
work was done, and of the lawn where he walked

when the day's labor was ov and | remember
that that study has been rent through and the
lawn ploughed up by English and Americon
shells, and that these shells were sent against
and intended to destroy Matanfa,his dearest friend
in Samon | have sald enough to show that 1
have no Intention of allowing my hus! and’s grave
to be disturbed, -and T give you full authority
to «ay this in print or otherwise

 

 

Faster Hop at Annapolis,

ANNAPOLIS, Md., April 21.—An Easter hop
was held at the Naval Academy this evening. fe
~ largely attended, many visitors being pres-

—— eee
re ene ee A

   

the incident. which, he belleved, entirely con-
corned the United States, THe wenton tosay:

“Weshall only jnterfere in case there is mant-
fest injustice, If the Italians Believe their
conduct is justifiable they must address thelr
protests to the Consul at New York and the
Ambassador at Washington.”

WOMAN'S INDUSTRY CAUSES STRIKE,

Mrs. Derrick Did Too Mach on Her Loom and
300 Weavers Went Out.

LoweLL, Mass., April 21.—Three hundred
weavers employed by the Lowell Manufactur-
ing Company, one of the concerns In the Bige-
ow Carpet Company, are ona strike because
one of thelr number, Mrs, Jessie Derrick, per-
sista in turning more work off her loom than

is permitted by the regulations of the
Carpet Weavers’ Union, The unlon has
decided upon oa maximum product of
two and  one-balf pieces, but) Mra

Derrick bas her loom speeded up so high that
she can turn off three pieces a day. On uc-
count of this the union sent word to the agent
of the company and asked that he compel her
to reduce her production, but he refuses to
stop the woman from earning all the money

sheisableto. The strike began jast Tuesday
and threatens to involve the entire working
force in the mills, about six hundred hands,

Mrs. Derrick gays that the assertions of the
representatives of the Weevers’ Union are
mostly unfounded, and that shea does not get
off more work on the average than the rest of
the weavers and that her loom ts not speeded
up higher than any otherin the mill “About
two weeks ago,” said Mrs, Derrick, “the mark
on my piece of carpet, Indicating the end of the
cut, came up about halfan hour before the
time required bythe union. Miss O'Brien, the
President of the union, came up and asked me
to slip my loom, but Trefused. Then Miss
O'Brien went to the overseer and asked whom
1 was working for. the Union or the company,
The overseertold me tokeep my loom runniog,
and I did 60,”

The work of Mrs, Derrick attracted the at-
tention of the other operatives and they ramon-
strated with her, Some of them are as capable
of getting off as much work as she, but, as the
union has decided it is unwise for them to do
80, they all comply with the rule limiting the
maximum product. of each operative to two
andahaifl pieces, Mrs. Derrick was a member
of the Weavers’ Union. but her refusal to obey
soe ommend of the President caused her ex

D.

 

 

ANNOYED NON*UNION WORKERS.

Chalanen Fined 65 for Pinching the Arms of
Women Cigarmakers,

John Chalanen of 178 East Seventy-sixth
street wae arraigned tn the Yorkville pulica
court yesterday for annoying the employees of
Kerbs, Wertheim and Schiffer, at whose clgar
factory in East Fifty-fourth street a strike ts in

prog rese.

Justice MoAdam of the Supreme Court
fesued an injunetion on Thuraday restrainin
the International and jocal cigarmakers
unfonsfrom annoying the eniployees of that
favtory.

Chalanen told the Magistrate that he was a
brioklaver and not a member of the Cigar.
makers’ Union. Bicycle Policeman O'Connell
said that the prisoner stood at Kecond avenue
and Sixty-second street, pinched the arms of
women employees of the factory and called
them “scabs,” Magistrate Mayo fined the mau

 

 

Struck Becanse a Union Man Was Discharged.

Boston, Mass., April 21.—A larwe percentage
of the 200 operatives employed in the Russell
Counter Oompany’s factory at Woburn have
struck because the firm refused to take back
into its employ a cutter who was discharged
last Thursday by Supt. MeIntosh. The strik-
ing cutterasay that the discharge of the man
was adireect blow at thelr union, Treasurer
Russe}] of the firm says he is arranging to set-
tie his business elsewhere in order to obviate
the frequent belligerent attitude of his help,

Mill Hands on Strike,

Jamestown, N, Y., April 21.—Employees to
the number of 250 in the spinning, combing
spd drawing department of the Hall Worsted

ills are outon aatrike and it {s thought that
the strike may extend to other departments,
The strikers asked for a raise of 5 percent,
which the mili owners refused to grant.

To-day the mill owners gave notice of a shut-
down tndefinitely. This locks out about 1,200
employees.

1S GOING TO ASK BRYAN ABOUT IT,

——— ,
Brown Wants to Know if Bryan Sald He
Would Convert Democrats to Popullsts,

PERRY, Oklahoma, April 21.--A lively row
a brewing between Oklahoma Populists and
Democrats and some Kansas Democrats over the
assertion of the Hon. |. D. Schrader, late chalr
mau of the Oklahoma Populist convention, to the
fect that W. J. Bryan had told Mr, Schrader
that he hoped some day to bring the Democraue
party into the Populist fold. IE. FE. Brown, a
former giant among Kansas young Democrats,
when he learned of Schrader’s assertion declared
that he intended to ask Bryan about it’ Bryan
is to be at Wichita, Kan., on April 26, at which
time the Suntlower League will have its annual
meeting, and Bryan ts to be the orator of the day,
Ww. F Sapp, the president of the league, had
invited Bryan to be present at this meeting. When
he learned that Brown bad certain interrogauons
to lay before Bryan in = he repudiated the
invitation and 80 wrote brown, who recanuy set
ued in this Territory. }Bsrown says he will not

y any attention to Sapp, but Iniends to make

ryan in public either affirm or deny Sehrader's
affirmation about bringing the Democratic party
into the Populist fold. ‘There is a considerable
stir in Oklahoma and Kansas over the matwr

Schrader is from Nebraska and is a personal
riend of Bryan. He came near being elecied

Aevtenant4sovernor of that State. Ho was a
metnber of the Legistature for s¢veral terms. He
will be on hand at Wichita to reafirm what he suid
in his Enid speech

GOING TO LABOR WITH BRYAVYN,
Indiana Emissaries to Ask Him to Keep
Silent About Sixteen to One.

INDIANAPOLIS, April 21--Mayor Thomas
Taggart and Samuel E. Morss, editor of the Sen-
tinel, left here last night for Texas, where they
will pay a visit to William Jennings Brran. They
go as the representatives of the Indiana Demo-
crats, and will represent to Mr. Diryan that it ts
the unanimous opinion of his friends here that
the national platform should not be burdened
with any reference to the free coinage of silver, but
should be confined exclusively to other and more
vital issues. They are bearing letters of the
same import to Mr. Bryan from a large number of
Democrats who were pronounced free silver men
in 1896, and who would be for that issue now were
they not convineed that more important events
have eliminated it from the issues this year and
thatit will burderi rather than help the party

The mission of Mayor Taggart and Mr Morss
is undertaken at the request of many Democrats
and after a conference with men in nearly all parta
of the State, the object being to learn the loolings
of leading men oon the free silver
question, so that they might talk to Bryan ad
visedly upon the subject Much intrest is felt
here in their mission, as itis practically agreed
by all Democrats in Indiana that the question
of free silver ought not to be forced into the cam-
paign.

Woodruff'’s Candidacy Indorsed,

Syracuse, April 21,—At the Republican Con-
ress convention for the Madison-Onondaga
district, held here this afternoon, Hendrick 8,
Holden of Syracuse and Francis H. Gates of
Chittenango, Madison county, were chosen
delegates to the Republican National Con.
vention, Resolutions were adopted indorsing
the Administrat.on of President MeKinley,
Goy. Koosevelt and the candidacy of Timothy
L. Woodruff for Vice-President

The New York Wellesley Club Elects Officers

At the invitation of Miss Marion Canfleld,
librarian of the Staten T4iand Academy at st
George, the last meeting of the season of the
New York Wellesley Club was held yesterday
afternoon in the library of the academy
building. The annual eleetion of officers ro.
sulted as follows, Mrs. George A_Viimipton, "7s,
President; Mra. Walter ©. Kerr, 7%, View-Prest-
dent; Miss Alice L, Wood, ‘IM, Secretary; Mis
James Pederson, “Ss, Treasurer, and Mrs
Hector M. Hitehings ‘haipman of
tecepiion Committee, Alter the mee
treshments were served, Miss Mary ©. Vai
and Mrs Kerr prestding at the tea tabl

 

 

The Corty-Seventh Visits baltimore

 

satis a ea ee

 

 

Bautimone, Md, April 21, The Forty
seventh New York Regiment, S50) strony
arrived here to-day ft use st | the |
dedication of the Bourth Maryland Keg.
iments bew armory the visitors were
met the station by th Fourth and

escorted to the armory, where thoy were eq.
tertained, Thia afternoon there waa a parade

through the principal streets, the Fifth Kegl- |

ment participating. Gov. Smith reviewed the
marehing troops at the Maryland Olub, To-

night the visitora were guests ata banquet.
Dhey will remain i to-morrow
@veulng,

| quire for

FORAKER ON

THE

PORTO RICO,

THE

 

SENATOR SPEAKS ON
ISLAND IN (PHILADELPHIA,

Tells How the New Law Came to Be Adopted

The Extraordinary Gifts of This Na-
tlon to Its West Indian Colony ~Almost
Complete Freedom From = Taration,

PHiLapeLpnta, la, April 21.—United States
Senator J. B, Foraker of Ohio addreased the
members of the Unton League upon
the relations of Porto Rieo to the United
States to-night. He came from Washington
in the private car of Viee-President Charles E.
Pugh of the Pennaylvania Rallroad and was

met at the station by President Darlington
of the League. At hall past O o'clock
he was entertained at dinner, the other
guesta beg J, B, Foraker, Jr. who

accompaniod the Senator from the Capitol;
Major-Gen, Brooke, Charles E. Pugh, bk. T.
Stotesbury, Dimner Beeber, Chartes 8, Forsyth
and Theodore Search,

The speech wae delivered in the largo As-
sembly Hall, which was crowded, In intro-
ducing Senator Foraker, President Darlington
sald that the most interesting and important
question of the day was the attitude of the
Government to Porto Rico, and that no one
was more able to express the views of the Ad-
ministration us to its intentions than Senator
Foraker.

The Senator suid:

“The eriticism of the legislation in respect to
Porto Rico has been due to two misapprehen-
sions. First, as to the attitude of the lresi-
dent in regard to it; and, second, as to the
lewal relation of Porto Rico to the United
Btutes,

“The President, in good faith, recommended

freo trade between the United States and
Porto Kico, but earnestly favored and persou-
ally— as well as oficially~approved the bill that
has been passed because, io the frst place, its
rovisions are a substantial and almost a
iteral compliance with his recommendation ;
and, in the second piace, they are far more
liberal and generous than his recommendation
was, and because, in the third place, in eo far
as the bill fails atriotly to comply with his
recommendation, there was a necessity there-
fore, recognized by the Président aad all en-
gaged in framing the Jegisiation that ha» been
enacted,

“Tha President in his message used this
much quoted language: ‘Our plain duty is to
abolish all customs tariffs between the United
States and Porto Kico, and give her producia
free access to our markets,” When he mady
that recommendation he had reference to what
had occurred and the then existing conditions,
Before Porto Kico was ceded to us, she traded
chiefly, almost entirely, with Spain and Cuba,
but when the cession occurred, both Spain and
Cuba closed their ports against her products,
except on payment of tariff dutica that were so
high as to be practically prohibitive. The
President, as Commander-in-Chief, during the
military oceupation, eould ecoutrol the tarilf
duties levied on imports into the island, but

had no power to alter those imposed
by law. on Imports imto the United
States. In consequence. our porte re-

niainad ciosed as to Porto Rico, except on full
Dingley rates of tariff, as were those of Kpain,
Cuba, and the rest of the world; anu, as a re-
eultoftital, the war took from Porto Rico the
markets she had and gave her none In return,
This occasioned complete business stagnation
aud paralysis. Idieness prevailed everywhere,
and soon teng of thousands were in want and
suffering for the necessaries of life.

“This condition wae relieved olightly af an
executive order that piaged all food suppliva,
implements of husbandry, machinery, dc, on
the free list, going into Porto KRieo; but mat-
ters were constantly growing worse, when, on
the Sth day of August, 1890, the island was
visited by a hurricane that devastated tho
coles plantations and did great injury to ail
kinds of property. By thia course of events the
people bad been brought to absolute poverty
and despair when t .a teens: wrote his
Message, yhat he had in mind was not
any great principle or legal right or
obligation, but practioal and speedy ie-
hief fora suffering and starving people. it
ocourred to bin that the greatest and speed-
fest measure of relief would be realized by
giving them free aceeas to our markets, He
thought that would be kind, generous, liberal
and helpfu: to them, and he favored it for that
reason. Butinthatsame message the Presi-
dent alao pointed out the ur@ent neceselty of
providing for Porto Bico a eivil government to
take the place of military rule, and recom-
mended immediate action in that reapect
Hoth recommendations were general in ther
pature; both were made with full knowledgo
that action on the part of Congress could not
be taken untilan investigation might be mase,
and that the results of that investigation
would, of course, control and determine the
exact character of action to be taken,

“Accordingly, When there reoommendations
were referred to the appropriate committess
of Cougrees, thay entered upon tho work of in-
vestigating the conditions aud general situa-
tion in Porto Rieo, for which they were to
legislate, As a result, they found that the
President was correct ‘in saying that a oivil
government should be at once established; on
many accounte this necessity wae imperative;
and they found that this Government would re-

its support not less than about
three milifons of dollara annually. They
found also that an additional million doliara
would be required to support the munic-
ipal governments of the | island, mak-
ing an aggregate of not Jess than four
millions of dollars, They found that the total
valuation of property of @ll. kinds eltuated in
the island wouldnot exceed, for taxation pur-
poses, more than about one hundred millions
of dollars. ‘They found that this property was
alrea y burdeved with a private debt, evi-
deneed by mortgages on record, to the amount
of about twenty-eix millions of dollars of prin-
cipal, with an accumulation of several years’
interest atextravagant rates, that swelled the
kum to probably thirty millions of dollars.
Yhey fouud, in short, that poverty, Lankruptey
and ruin prevatied every where.

“Hore, then, to recapitulate, was the situa-
tion: A civil government was anecessity, It
must have three millions of dollars for ite sup-
port, and the munieipalities must have at leust
one milion more, There was no system of di-
rect taxation of property iu operation. There
was no time to establish one, Moreover, if
there had been time, such @ system would have
eptalled upon that people an Impossible bur

den Four per cent. or even 3 per cent. ls too
burdensome a tax rate to impose on the
property of even the most prosperous
Sate in the lUnion. To impose it on
Porto Kleo would mean only disaster,
failure, bankruptey and dospair, In view
of these considerations, we decided, firat,

that we would find some way to exempt the
people of that island from the direct taxation
of their property, suah as every other State
aad I erritory of the Unton has always been
subjected to, The generosity of this propest
tion was far ereater and more helpful than that

recommended by thea President. No such
favor hna ever been shown to any other people
for whom we have legisiated, @ next de-

eided, forthe reasons already given, that we
would not, for the time being, undertake to
apply and entoree our internal revenve laws in
the island, but, except on merchandise im-
ported into the United States, we would exempt
the people ot Porto Kieo therefrom—ano'her
unprecedented favor, never before shown to
anybody; and, in the third place, we decided
that we wou.d proteet their cofiee, whieh con-
stitutes their chief iudustry and amounts to
more than two-thirds of their exports, from
injurious competition by levying a duty of fiva
cents a pound on all coifee imported into Porto
Kieo:; and then, finally, we determined that
there should be eoilectedon all goods {mported
into Porto Rico fron foreign countries tariff
duties as provided bythe tariff laws of the
United states; but that, instead of turning thia
money over to the Natlonal Treasury for the
benefit of the United States, as we have always
heretofore done as to every other Territory, we
woul! turn it over to Porto Rieo for the benefit
ay | support of its government

‘Wethen found, aceording tothe beat esti-
mates we could muke, that when allthia had
been done there would remain a large de-
fleiency, arnounting to from one million to a
million und a haf of dollars, The question
then was as to how further we could raise rev-
enue without directly taxing the property of
the {sland to meet this cefleieney; and we
found that we could, in our opinion, beat ac-
complish this by leavinga light tariff duty upon
the commerce between the United States and
Porto Rico; and so we finally concluded and
provided inthe bill that instead of absolnte
free trade, which all desirad, as well as the
iresident, we would, fo a short time,
nntil the local government could be put in
operation and devise asystem of taxation for
its support, reduce the tartffon dutiable goous
coming trom Perto Kico into the United States
oniy So percent, instead of entirely remitting
it, and that we would, tor the present, allow all
food products and necessaries of lite, farm im-
Piements, machinery, We, te enter Porto Rico
free of duty; but on other articles, whatever
they might be, we would reduce the Dingley
rites only > pereent. You hear souatanty ot

r putting on commerce with Porto [ico @
tarifY of LO pere , When the truth is that we
revioved ali but lS pereent. We did not add
or ineresse, but reduced and remitt@d
y provided, however, that from
r Mare lt, 02, there shall be abso-
tree trade between Porte Rioo and the
, and that there shail be such
' in a year, six months, or
tvs, posalbly -whenever the loeal gov-
it shall have provided otherwise for ita

 

We oxprese
india
ute

    

ernme

necessary revenue, and that, in the mean-
while, al! collections, both those to be made
in Porto Rieo and those to be made in the

ed Sintes, shall ve paid over to Porto
jueo forthe support of Its goverument without
haeng any additional burden upon” the
already overburdened lands and property of

theisiand, No such liberal and generous gov-
ernment as to revenues was ever elven by this
nation or any other to any territory or colony
lt far sutpassed al! recommendations and all
expectations, It should be further stated that
an analysis of the articles Conatituting this
trade shows that this tax, so imposed, would
be borne almost exclusively by the sugar aad

 
   

   

I
a
Se

  
   

————— ee

tobacco interests, more able than any others to
bour it without feeling any burden.

Senator Foraker went into along discussion
of the Democratic assertion that the “Constl-
tution follows the flag.” In speaking of the
Senate debute he said:

Tho argument waa long, it waa exhaustive,
it waa convincing to the majority, and the
legislation followed, It ia unnecessary and
impracticable to review It here, but, suffice it
to way that the radical basie difference in the
whole matter lies at the very beginning—as to
Whether or not Porto Rico is a part of the
United States, [have observed that not only
the Democrate, but many Republicans have
Assuined the allirmative of thie proposition to
be true, Buch is not the case. Porto Rico be-
longs to the United States, but it is not the
Untted States, vot a part of the United
States, Vhen we acquired Louisiana
Florida, New Mexico, &c., It. waa provided
in the treaty in each case that wo should
not only aequire the territory, but that
iis inhabitants should be incorporated
into the Unlon of the United States and be
admitted to all. the rian, _ advabtages
uid immunities of citizens of the United States.
Theact by which we annexed Hawall decinres
in express terms that the Hawailan slands
shall become and be @ part of the United States,
But no such provision was, /ncorporated in the
treaty of Paris as to Porto Rico and the Philip-
bine Islands, and if there had been, It is safe to
say that treaty would never have been ratified.
On the contrary, for the purpose of making It
clear that no such consequence was intended
it was provided in that treaty that the civil
rights and political atatus of the native inhab-
{tants of the territories hereby ceded to the
Untted States shall be determined by the Con-
Kress.

“If the Constitution had migratory powers, it
would involve usin all kinds of embarrass-
ments and weaknesses. Territory once ace
qitred could never be parted with, because &
par? OF fae United States, po matter how un-
desirable it might prove. Ll, instend of stomping
when we did {to the Spanish War, we had gone
on and taken Spain {teelf, it would have been
no longer Spain, if we had concluded to hold It,
but the United States, to be governed accord-
Ingto our Constitution, no matter how In-
applicable and unsuited to that people its
provieions might be. if we should discover a
pew country, the mere act of planting the fla

and faking poseren’ot would make {ta part ©
the United States, to be governed by the Con-
stitution, no matter how unfit its Inhabitante
forauch government, You have only to pursue
the ad to multiply absurd consequences,

“If Porto Kico {8 a partof the United States,
80 are the Fnilippines, If the Conssitation is
in effect in Porto Kico_as a result, of mere
poauisition, a0 fe it in effect in the Philippines.

f duties, [mposts and excises must be uni-
orm in Porto Kico as compared with the
uited States, 80 muet they be in the Philipe
pines. If the Porto Kicans are citizens of the

nited States so are the Tagalogs, the Bulus,
the Igirrotes, the Negritos and all the other
numerous tribes and peoples of the archi-
If we cannot protect coffee in Porto
sugar, toe

pelede.
the Phillp-

tion we oannot protect hemp,
bacco or anything else in
‘ines. If we cannot exempt Porto Rico
rom internal revenue taxes we must
compel their payment in Luzon and Mindanao,
If we cannot levy tariff duties on gooda going
into Porto Rico from the United States, we can-
not levy them on goods going from here into
the Philippines. If we cannot tax goods coming
from Porto Rico into the United Rtates, we
cannot tax goods coming here from the Philip
pines, Whatever we ean or cannot do in the one
case is, and mual be, the measure of our power
in the other, Tho legislation that haa been
evacted for Porto Rico raises all these ques-
tions and it is fortunate thai it does, for sooner
or jater--an/d the sooner the better-they must
find their way to the Supretoe Court of the
United States, where, and where alone, they
ean be authoritatively settled.”

Discussing the open door, Senator Foraker
anid:

“But an open door to Chiba means an open
door to the Philippines or a mean and olggard-
ly refusal to wrant what we havo ao gener-
ously demanded and 80 gloriously secured;
apd ap open door to the Philippines means
that the sbips and merchandise of other coun-
tries shall enter the ports of those {islands
upon the game terms and conditions that our
blips and merchandise enter them. If the
‘hilippines are a part of the United Btateas,
and the Constitution is already tn full foree
and effect there, ox proprio vigore, simply be-
cause the flag is there; and ff, on this account,
we cannot levy 6 tariff dgty on our mer-
chandise going into the Philippines, then
of necessity, {t must goin free of duty, an it
we enter free of duty, then everybody lee who
isto#hare the open door poliey with us will
also, of right, enter free of duty; and tf, when
there, in the Philippines, they ara already
within the United States, on the theory that
they area part of the United States tustead of
a mere soasenelen belonging to the United
Rtates, then indeed, are we undone, for in
euch case, it must follow that no tariff duties
ean be jevied on articles coming from there
here, even for the purpose of revenue; and
thus an open door to the Philippines would
prove an open door for the whole world to the
whole United States,

“Spain already has, forthe next ten years, an
open door with ua to the Philippines, [t ean.
not be doubted that Spain and, through her,
other countries caneship into the Philippines
without limitation, aud from there here with-
out reatriction or duty of any kind, ‘except only
such aswe have power to impose on what
comes from the Philippines here in ourow
commerce with those islands, and that woul
mean free entry for Spain into the whole
United States and for al] others who might
make of Spain and the Phillippines an open
door. On this point there is no speculation,
but only serious reality.”

In speaking of the new government for Porto
Rico, Senator Foraker said {¢ wae far more |{b-
eral than that given to Louisiana at firat

in that case all executive, legislative and
judigial power wae lodged in the appolptees of
the freaigent who was made absolutely auto-
cratic. hat was under Thomas Jefferson,
who was certainly pherogan! mocratid,
The same wastrue of the Territorial govern-
ments of lorida, Mississippi, Alabama
Arkanaas, Missouc! and others, on down until
the dave of Republicaniam, We shall be only
too glad to increase the participation of the
Porto Ricans in the conduct of their govern-
ment as rapidly as they are found equal to Its
demands and nobody will be happier than we
when we oan give over the whole matter to
themselves.”

ITALY ISN'T WORRYING,

Her Foretgn Minister Thinks Uncle Sam Can

Handle the Croton Dam Affair.

Special Cable Despatch to TH SUN
Lonpon, April 21.—A despatch to the Central
News from Rome states that the Chambers
have adjourned till May 15, Henoe a Minis-
teriul announcement in regard to the Italian
strikers at Croton Dam cannot be obtained. Ia
an Interview to-day the Marquis Visconti-
Venoata, Minister of Foreign Affairs, anid the
Italian Government attached no importance to

 

WOMAN'S BODY IN PARK LAKE,

Police Believe That She Committed Suicide
~Not Identified.

The body of a woman about 45 years old was
found yesterday in the awan aka tn Central
Park near Fifty-ninth street, She wore a blue
shirt walat, brown akirt, one lace ahoe and one
button shoe, Inher purae wasa Metropolitan
Street Railway Company transfer ticket dated
April 1}, ‘There wae noting found on her per-
gon to given clue to her identity and the body
was removed to the Morgue, Tha police be-
lieve that the woman committed suicide.

Colored Woman Kitls Herself in the Street.

Mrs, Margaret Johnson, 45 years old, colored,
of 202 Myrtle avenue, sank down on the side-

walk in frontof a sewing machine store at Siw
Fulton street, Brooklyn, yesterday morning and
died in afew minutes, It was found that she
had taken earbolic acid, and her failure to get
excused from paying 4 weekly inatallmentona
sewing machine issupposedto have driven her
to the act

 

Retired Policeman Commits Suicide.

Charles Simons, 72 years old, who was ra-
tired from the police force ten years agoon
a pension of @400 4 year, cominitted snicide
yesterday at his home, 446 Fast LINth atreet,
by inhaling flluminating eas. His wife went
to the grocery store and when she retarned
she found him dead on the kitchen floor,

 

Dr. Holmes of Orange Disappears.

Oranor, N. J. April 21.—Dr. Willtam FA.
Holmes of 27 Bell street has been missing
several days. Mrs. Holmes believes that the

coctor isin New York, Laat Monday she went
to New York to visit # friend, and when she

returneu on ‘Tueaday night she found that al!

the furniture in the house excepting a bed aud
a few other articles in her room had been
taken away. The doctor and his wife have
been at odds a long time,

(er SSS

It is not possible to get the style,
fit and finish in a Ready Made
Suit that we put in our MADE
FO ORDER SUITS—and we
charge you no more, The largest
assortment of high-class woolens
in the City.

W, G, LOFTUS & CO,

Sun Building, near Brooklyn Bridge.
Broadway, near 28th Street.

THE
TO

EMbBOLY Til

PERFECT

O YOU KNOW

arom
Wage

FORSYTHE

BE IN FASHION WEA
FORSYTHE WAISTS. /«

lad Stal
InN EVEANY OF

GE

J

aw APT ee hd 2
row

that we are the only house in
America manufacturing Waists exclusively
for our customers, with Agents seeking nov-
eltics in every part of the world?

The latest and best styles of European
capitals, fashioned on the Forsythe model,
please the most fastidious and discriminating
tastes. The assortment is so great it is im-
possible to convey even an idea of it. The

same applies to the materials.

We have everything necessary for a
lady’s wardrobe, whether for Fancy Dress,
Steamer, Golf, Seaside, Sports or whatever.
Our styles are correct and prices moderate.

Waists Made to Order on Short Notice.
Our Standard Wash Waist, made from

$3 50
JOHN FORSYTHE,

THE WAIST HOUSE,
865 BROADWAY.

Now ts a good time for Ladies to select their Summer
outfits—a number of Forsythe Waists makes an ideal

Genuine Scotch Madras, in

over 2,000 patterns; sizes

32 to 42 ° ° -
MADE BY

outfit.

N. B.-— Waists designed tn distinctive Go
Club Colors a special f@ature.

 

 

a a ee =
| B. Altman t Co. |
[xenennnnnnnnnnnnnnanannnns Ssibiaata aoe siniiasnniiial
| WILL OFFFR TO-MORROW :

10,000 YARDS IMPORTED ZEPHYRS,
| MADRASSES and OXFORDS, |

SUITABLE FOR
WAISTS AND DRESSES,

22c, YARD. |

Original Prices 30¢e, to 5¢. per yard.

      

HIS PLACE IN WOOD'S CABINET NO
LONGER TENABLE.

 

Stil! Has the Confidence of the Governor
General, However, and May Get Another
Office —Bothersome Board of Appeals
Abolished When It Got tn Wood's Way.

Spectai Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

Havana, April 21.—Ruis Rivera, Secretary of
Agriculture, who issued a letter the other day
urging all political parties on the island to
unite and demand a promise from the United
States of complete independence tn 101, will
withdraw from Governor General Wood's
Cabinet. He had a long talk with Gen,
Wood to-day and he understood that un-
der the circumatances it would be better
for him to return to private life. His vol-
leagues in the Cabinet are willing to see him
go, as they realize that his act of criticism and
hie effort to embarrass the Government, of
which he fea member, only injured the polltt-
cal party which he honed to benefit and aided
that party which he hoped to hurt.

Governor General Wood does not believe that
Gen. Rivera wrote the letter with any desire to
injure him or the present Government. He
niao thinks Rivera did not realize the impro-
priety of his act. It is believed that Rivera will
get out gracefully by exovlaining to his friends
that he prefers to be able to speak freely his
political eentiments unhampered by the re-
strictions of office, Governor General Wood
has made it clear that ho has not the lenst
animosity toward Rivera. Hoe has intimated
that he may be able to uso the former Porto
Rican in some other post later on.

A decree was iusued to-day abolishing the
Contencioso Administrativo, a body composed
of oivil officials to whom appeals from adimin-
fatrative decisions could be taken, Under the
Spanish law this body had the power to con-
sider certain appeals, but never where the
prerogatives of the Executive were involved.
The decisions of the Governor Genernl were ex-
empt because all his powers were discretional.
Under Gov.-Gen, Brooke's régime Secretary
Lanuza worked through @ counterpart ofthe
Spanish law, permitting, however, anpeals
from the Milltary Governor in some cases,
Governor General Brooke signed the decres
and until recently nothing more was heard of
it. A resort to ita provisions resulted in the
repeal of Gen, Brooke's order,

Governor (General Wood has decided tha
question in reference to the title to a Ranta
Clara mine on an appeal from Civil Gevernor
Gomez. The cefeated claimant appealed to
the Contensloso Administrativo, through the
President of the Audeneia, ordered that final
atepa toward granting titles should be stopped.
Whenthis was brought to Governor General
Wood'saattention he imme lately repealed thd
order on the ground that {t was ridiculous that
officials put in power by him should be abie to
overthrow his decisions and cootrovert
commands.

An order establiahing correctional courts in
all the large cities of the Island has been pre-
pared for publication, The Mayor of Cien-
fuegoes haa appealed for the formation of
police courts similar to the ones now existing
in Havana. This istakan to indicate that he
appreciates the seed of some summary tribu-
nal todispose of misdemeanors
courts will do this

HELD FOR SHOOTING HER HUSBAND
Wife of Dr. Brown of Oakland Clty, Ind., Sarvs

It Was Accidental He May Die
Mra. T. M

INDIANAPOLIS, April 21 Hrown,

 

wife of Dr Brown of Oakland City, was placed
under arrest today on a charge of shooting her
husbant with intent to hill, and the charge will
be changed to murder if he dies tle is uneor
scious and in @ precarious condition It 1s sadd
that the Doctor and his wife quarrelled late last
night and as he was comme cut oel the door with
hia back toward her she levelled a pase il at niin
and fired the bullet passing through bom Mrs
Hrown SAYS Whe shooting Was ee tal The
Doctor refused to make any statement about it
To Batld Nassaa'’s New Court Honse
Mineoua, Lf, Apri! 21.—-The contract for
erecting the new conrt house for Naasau

county has been awarded te Flward Roache
Hie bid was $100,157.45) The b nus
be of concrete and ster!

“The Sun’s’’ Multitude of Readers

afford to the Advertising. Merchant a cllentage

ofincomparabdie value, reflecting as they dosueh
telligence as is not to be jound except ina
um reader.—Adv,

 

RUIS RIVERA WILL RESIGN. |

his |

Correctional |

|
| (REAR OF ROTUNDA.)
|
|

 

|

 

 

|

| had sustained internal injuries

   

Art Sales and Exhibitions,

eel

FIFTH AVE.
AUCTION ROOMS,

2385TH AV. WM B. NORMAN, AUCTIONEER,

EXHIBITION

Tuesday and Wednesday, Apoil 24th and 25th,
OF

CHOICE OLD
MAHOGANY AND MODERN

FURNITURE,

Mamond Cut Glass, ShefMficld-plated Were, Brass
edsteads, Proof Etchings and Engravings, Higl
and Low Boys, Chests of Drawers, Dining room
Fables, Chairs, Sofas, Mirrors, Fine Conroy Fishing
Rod, Porcelatus, Historical China,

Fisher & Weber
UPRIGHT PIANOS, ETC., ETC,
TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, APRIL 26TH
and Following Days at 2 o'clock,

~~ JAMES P. SILO, Auctioneer.

NOW ON EXHIBITION,
THE PRIVATE COLLECTION OF

Oil Paintings & Water Colors

OF
JOHN H,. J. HICKS, Esq.
or TUIS CITY,

TO BE SOLD BY ORDER OF
WALTER T. LINDSAY, Esq., Attorney.
46 Maiden Lane, Botongh of Manhattan,
WITH ADDITIONS BY

THE TRUTH COMPANY,

NEW YORK,
Absolute Sale by Auction
ON

Wednesday, Thursday and Friday,
April 25th, 26th & 27th,

EACH NIGHT AT 6 O'CLOCK,
AT THE

FIFTH AVENUE ART GALLERIES

366 FIFTH AVENUE,
Near 84th Street.

—_—_—_—————
BERNHARD MUENCH INJURFD,

~_—

—

Thrown From a Carriage In Bedford Avenne
Willtamburg—May Not Recover,

A horse attached to a runabout, the property
of Bernhard Muench, the President of the August
Moll Suk Braid Manufacturing Company, 245
247 Lynch street, Williamsburg, ran away ye
terday afternoon in Hedford avenue At heap
Kireet the vehicle struck the curb and was por'ly
demolished. Mr, Muench was thrown to the

sidewalk, where he lay insensible. He was car
ried into the house of Dir, David Myerie até
Bedford avenue and a call for an an lanee wes
also sent 10 the Eastern District liosrutal |
Halpin responded. Lie discovered that several
of Mr. Muench’s ribs were broken and he a! >
lle was taken
‘

to his home at 207 Van uren street, where
was sald later that his condidon was seri

and that be might not recover, He is 5S yeas

old

 

Bille Signed by the Governor.

ALMANY, April 21.~Gov, Hoosevelt has signed
these bills:
Senator Hrown's providing that, exceptin tne Firs®

 

and Second Judtetal districts, an issue of law may ¢@

nought on and tried at any term of thes °
ri moto

Vuluptary dissolution ia

repealing sect f ‘

 

   

 

   

 

  

her ¥
a ‘ e
s lemary
d need we thew
r ¢ 1 determine that the ¢ A
given by the guardia is amole ane t
amount boeover such le@acy ordistr
Veoemblytman Cooley lating t
road improvement bond Vew
Assembly a la thor ' ’
re case additlo rwar wha
A') rang VM roon > se a"
eA Slane for its Poller De,
anent
' tyman “ nabllag the
elty Police Hoard to rene the hare ua
Lion for reinstatetaruta rimanof James t
Senator Wileox'’s dis vine the trusices of the
Western Education Si« y and trauterring its
property to the trustees uf the Theological Sema
of Auburn.”