THEATRICAL. AMUSEMENTS,

ONTRASTS TN PLAYS INTENDED TO
‘ saTISEY VARIOUS TASTES.

 

a Range in Themes From Orthodox Christ.
anity to Flagrant Immorality, bat Very
Little Phat Is Pernictous In All That Is

in the New Vork Theatres This Week.

tour theatres this week bave a range
») orthodox Christianity to flagrant

Show!
The | .

oe ah ut (he greater number are innocent
qptertalt! bonging neither elevation nor
decraria' » the stage, Of this class are
pom of the ent edies sent to us this season by
Lot jon authors, and used here with much credit
by the PY ) companies at Daly's, the Em-
pire, the Madisen Square and the Lyceum. They
gre sommes hat atirical Yet sincerely truthful
Nustrat { fashionable English society,
fpcluding virtues and vices impartially, and mak
Ing jortsaits parti ularly of the free mannered
tyies ung women that are a recent develop
mentamons our cousing across the ocean, These
characters are not staid, nor always circumspect,

put they are seldom vicious and never obnoxious.
There has been no better example of this output
han HOC. Carton'’s “Lord and Lady
Ales.” whiet will be revived at the Empire to-
morrow ight Jessie Millward and William
Faversham will once more have the title parte, in
give exceptionally fine perform

of plays

which t
ances. ‘The only important change in the cast
fe the substitution of Mrs, Thomas Whiffen for

  

May Robson as the grotesque old woman at the
qstume ball) The principal comedy will be pre
ceded by “The Bugle Call.” This bill is to last
two or three weeks, after which the Empire will
be closed according to present plans

ine of the earlier of the modern London come
dier, with pathos dominatung the humor, was Ar-
thurW Pinero's “Sweet Lavender,” which will be
used this week at the Murray Hill It gives
good parts to Ger rzia Welles and Dorothy Don-
pelly excellent young actresses of the resident

example of current London comedy with
faccwal tendencies is “My Daughter-in-Law,”
which will be at the Lyceum only a week longer.
Ellaline ‘Terriss and Seymour Hicks of Charles
Froimans London company came here as ac-
quaintances fours, but Fanny Brough and others
of this party were strangers. They may all
retain to Pngland confident that any time they
* to pitain Visit New York they will be warmly

 

 

‘an faree on the mother-in-law sub-
ler, He rts °Why Smith Left Home,” is in
fis fast week at the Madison Square. Annie
Yeomans aud Maelyn Arbuckle are as comical
aparas have been seen this year

\ tearful comedy, “The Cricket on the Hearth,”

    

 

 

 

   
  

and o lauchable farce, “Lend Me Five Shillings,”
wil be the mediums of Joseph Jefferson's art
the first fourntchtsofthe week atthe Fifth Avenue,
a thers will bring repetitions of “The
Riva and “Rip Van Winkle These plays
make Mr Jefferson's repertory this season,
a lisplay him in guises that have long
hoe r

1 nedians who will visit the Harlem Opera
House this week have Fritz Williams for a leader
rfclever men and pretty women. The play is

Company, Dressmakers,” the fla
, ed French farce recently played at
* Madison Square. It has just been revived
Pars where it had a long term earlier this

hese are the last weeks of Tim Murphy in his

nation of the Chicago auctioneer in “The

Carpet begwer ” Nothing his been announced to
follow atthe Bijou

Musical plays of various kinds, from the di»
toclly American comic operas and extravaganzas
tthe English farces, with songs and dances,
feure largely,andvon the whole, commendably,
fy cur theatrical amusements. They are prone

 

te go too far from propriety in the uncovering of |

ther women, and sometimes they are vulgar,
butrarely are they obscene, and just now none of
them is very reprehensible in speech or action
\urustin Daly bolstered his fortunes, at the end

of his career, with several of the English plays |

ofelean fun and wholesome frolic, in which tune
ful music was a strong element The last of his

productions in that line waw"A Runaway Girl,” |

which will be returned at Daly's to-morrow night | i
| Horace Wright. The operetta is a portion of the

with a company which stills bears his name and
retains some oftheoriginal membership. James
Powers is still the jockey who tries to conduct
e party of Cooke's tourists Paula Edwards is
» cockney Italian with a fondness for ‘igh so-
ty The important changes are to Marie
Celestein the tithe part, Rachel Booth as the frolic-
some maid servant, Van Renssclaer Wheeler as
amorous pursuer of the runaway girl, and
May Baker as the singer of the “Listen to the Band”

Comic opera of American make has an example
lhe Viceroy” at the Knickerbocker. The
nians will continue with this tuneful piece

» weeks or a month longer

\ translation of German comic opera, “The

Macs Hussar,” will employ the Castle Square

mpany during the week = There will be chances

r the principal comedians as well as singers of

» \merican’s organization

Comic opera in the German of “Mile. Nitoueche”

 

will be given atthe Irving Place to-morrow Jacob-
us musical farce, “The Man in the Moon,”
®.! benefit the treasurers of the theatre Friday

  

ights On ‘Tuesday "At the White Horse Tavern”

fits sequel will be given twice, and so will
Jane Eyre Ada Merito and Julius Strobl will
e beneficiaries in this final week of the season.
On Saturday night “Auf den Garnisonsball” and
‘Jugend’ will let Carl Wagner say farewell to us,

4

 

More good bys will be spoken on Monday night, |

the last of the season, when Anna Braga, Elly
Collin Rudolph Senius and Julius Strobl
Will be seer
A Hot Old Time,” starts its last week, The
Kays have found many to laugh at their comi
calities | Broadway as_ well as in the less
natle partsef town, Nothing is announced
iow them at the Victoria, though something
| probably soon be heard of in a few days
As itis too early in the season for this theatre to

 

lhe Casino Girl” is one of the few plays that
\ | to the summer
\ Field's show completes the round
| pleces in town. Only a fortnight
r the company in New York, before
‘ tour of Boston, Philadelphin, Chicago
and other large cites. “Sapolio”” and “Whirl
ec will be continued to the end of the metro

    
 

 

 

Polit

he fur Peck's Bad Boy" may be found
athe Third Avenue,

le serious plays that we are getting

ht now the widest range from purity to putres-
cenee, with plenty of piety atone extreme and rot
Much inister design at the other, The re
he irima is represented strenuously by stage
vers

' the popular Christian tovels of Gen.
4" Wallace and Henrik Sienkiewiez. Com
Parsons are not agreeable, but no other show

# ild { lighted when ois said that “Ben
Hur ts Mode the biggest financial success of
the se It passes now into the last three weeks
Of its stay atthe Broadway, The manage-
er uice that there will be no extension
ttt willbe atthe Broadwar next fall
(ilder's authorized version of “Quo
es prosperousiy at the Herald
Sonar Necher Miss Gilder nor the actors
" jccess of the first performance,
Sle Uramiatizer set to work to strengthen the
Nay anid tclors, 10) smoothing their inter
tla > Faward J. Morgan, John Blair
ecu Fernandes are doing well
ean { nt wing ape hous play to 4 house
ei se the Ww York seems to have been

Was | supposed the strring effect
4 ‘ > of “Quo Vadis" as played there is
re serlent acting. Joseph Haworth
: Forrest give Stanisiaus Stange's
t ! the battle of the giant and the

value
‘ lism, especially when as
deer eters, Are exploited with avowedly
)) in Some of the current dramas
; multitude. One of them called
vat the Grand Opera House
Ved) from its moral leasons itis quite
rl oof melodramatic thrillers for
thief part is played by Theo

 

  

r Will have “Cought in the Web.” to
els tudences this week, witha

 

menor (ton and resistance
hood (ond Wine’ proves that admirers of
wm underoan be imbued with a temperance

\ troadway theatre ‘lhis new
Batis ; Mn ode a popular success at the
A ha will stay there a month or more
wie Dp Noodof the moral scale in the se
Wow th usisthe “Sapho" with which
ee Moone money at Wallack's
: Peosien costume ta'lis a spirited
Gy feis full of color, and the
Sosts seems mote spontancous than

frivolity The musi¢e is no Amer

; Mitation of French tunes,

ne ; 5 One song was sung here
I va Sp ;

AS literate Sappho" is not comparable

fin's ! hitch version, nor in dramatic

We first ora 'so bad as to be ndieulous. At
ma on it dragged not ending until

lodtame is been cut down.
‘Ha strong and wholesome is prospering

tith

 
 

le

—— ————— ——
SS

 

  
    

 

 

be re-opened in the autumn by

usley and the other women
\ pass company will wear new dresses

this wee

The finish of “The Great Ruby” engagement
at the Fourteenth Street ts fixed after the end

of a fortnight. Rose Coghlan and Minnie Sel)
man are playing the principal female parts wit

® melodramatic fire that is valuable in plays of
this sort, John T. Sullivan, Louis Massen,
Cuyler Hastings and Kaw Lester, too help make

up on admirable cast,

“Sherlock Holmes” is one of the few plays that
has as yet had no stopping point set, A month
or two ago it was announced that the detective
drama would be taken off in the middle of April
That time bas passed and Mr Gillette is still at

the Garrick with the piece.

“The Pride of Jennico” has a month or more
left at the Criterion, Then it will be only the

warm weather that stops its course, for the melo
drama is plainly made of the stuff that is popular,
The fall season will commence with James Kk

Hackett in “Richard Carvel.” Then Maude
Adams will appear there in “L’Aiglon,” after
which John Hare will visit us in “The Gay Lord

Quex.”

At the Academy of Music “'Way Down Fast"
is nearing the end of ita long season. It will be
played there three more weeks, finishing on the
same night as “Ben Hur,” with which it competes

in length of its engagement

Vaudeville is lively, and not a half dozen hold-

overs will be included in tomorrow's sbift of
specialists. An entirely new list will be provided
at Proctor's Palace, last week's performers, among

them Thorne and Carleton, Sisson and Wallace,

Mec Watters and Tyson, Gruet and Beers and Jane
Whitbeck, completing their stay at today’s con-
cert. Of tomorrow's incoming batch Fougere
will be the leader, Her budget consists of songs
in French and latterday negro ditties sung in

broken English. Both are acted with this vocal-

ist's characteristic vivacity, but itis tempered by

continuoussshow requirements as to propriety,

Sketch pairs listed are Dolan and Lenharr, Ryan
and Richfleld, and Delmore and Wilson, (thers
are the Maginlers, mid-air performers, Newell

and Shevette, horizontal bar experts; the “Trolley

Car Trio” and Carrie Scott. who are in the singing

and dancing way

Winishing their week this afternoon and evening
at Proctor’s Theatre are Frederick Hond, Mar-
uerite Corneille, Anderson ond Appleton, Carrie
Soot and Kyan and Kichfield) ‘Tomorrow's

roster will be headed by Henri French, an amusin

juggler who combines trick bicycle riding with

unusual deftness. A laughable short farce,
“A Strange Baby.” will employ its authors, Sidney

Wilmer and Walter Vincent, among others, Other
variety i lk listed are Smith and Campbell, a pair

who swap jokes and physical punishment, Far

num and Seymour, comic acrobats; MeWatters

and Tyson, who give 4 musical sketch; Edith
Kingsley, Gilbert Sarony, the Gilroys and a dozen
of lesser specialists, Like the shift of specialists,
the change inthe showing of motion pictures will
be complete

Views of the Croton Dain strike will be bad at
Keith's to-morrow from the biograph, and there
will be some pictures from the aenung cen
tres of the Philippines and South Africa. Adolph
Zink holds over with his budget of mimicry
alternated with pictures of him in his dressing
room. Flora Irwin and Filson and Erroll are in
coming sketch players. Specialists with some:
thing new are Sam Morton, who promises a novel
twist to an imitation of Bandmaster Sousa, and
Mazie King, who describes herself as a toe dancer
and declares that she can jump from a table to
the floor, alighting on lgr toe tips. Others named
are the Rixfords, the Bruet-Rivieres, Dunbar
and Hatris, the Dillons, Edwin Latell, Dolline
Cole, Claude Thardo and Carl Charles

New sketches at Pastor's to-morrow. will be
“SS Matrimonial Substitute,” by Charles Hor.
witz, for Gene Hughes, and “A Damage Suit’
for Cawthorn and ‘Forrester, Tony Mastor and
Artie Haul will be to the fore among the vocalists

| Others placed are March and Sarletta, De Hollis

and Valora, Burton and Brooks, King and Stange,
Pearl and Austin, the Russells, the MeNultys,
the Pantzers and W. A. Lang
A change of operetias at the Eden Musee will
bring to-morrow night the first performance in
this country of "Tally Ho.” which is the work of
Alfred J. Caldicott and Sir Jules Benedict. The
former was the composer of “Moss Roses,” which
has just been given atthe Musee The unfamiliar
jiece had vogue in London, and should please
vere. It follows a love story through a hunung
morning, and a realistic picture of a fox hunt is
romised. For this the stage has been enlarged
“he singers held are Harry Dodd, Gertrude brad
ley, Ida Mae Pierpont, Jobn kb. Gregory and

evening bill. For the rest of the evening and the
afternoon, wax show, motion pictures and band
music are the features of interest

The “headliners” of the bill at Miner's 125th
street are Grapewin and Chance, who play an
unusually laughable farce; Imro Fox, an enter-

‘taining sleight-of-hand expert, and John Ran-

sone, who will turn a makeup in imitation of
David 13. Hill The Fredericks, Phil Ou, the
Posebuds, Tom Brown and the Jacksons are
others listed.

Of the music halls, the Schley closes for the
summer at the end of this week = Its last bill is
an expensive one It includes sketches for James
© Barrows, John Lancaster, Edna Hassett,
Marshal and Hayes and Litton. Specialties fall
to George Evans, the Stewarts, Stanley and Wil-
son, Bertie Fowler and Fd Estus. Some of these
will be heard at this evening's vaudeville concert

At Koster & Dial’s the ballet) “Progress” con-
tinues a fine show It follows nighuy a vaude-
ville performance, whose leaders are new impor-
fations. To-morrow's newcomer is Carola Bieder
mann, 4 yocalist from Kudapest She will take
the place held last week by Elsa Rau, who con-
tinues in the bill) Gilbert and Goldie also begin
a second week. Farrell and Stark, Fish and
Quigg, Sharp and Flatt and the Everetts are other
specialists. ,

The burletta to be given to-morrow atthe Dewey
is entitled “Wine, Women and Song,” and a ma

jority of its performers will be women about as
scantily attired as the law permits. The troupe's

specialty folk are Mazuz and Mazeuze,Kline and

Gotthold, Bennett and Rich, Jenny Eddy, tho
liurkes and the Racketis. For tonight, Bonnie
Thornton, Fillson and Erroll, Barnes and Sisson

and Lew Hawkins are retained
One week from to-night there will be a per

formance at Weber & Field's by which Albert
| Minehan, the music hall's treasurer, will profit

The Weber & Fields scompany ayd many well

known vaudeville performers have volunteered

their services, 90 4 pleasant bill is a surety

Buffalo Bill bas taken possession of the Madisou
Square Garden for the annual visit of his “Wild
West and Rough Riders of the World.” He and
his forces will make a street parade to-morrow
forenoon, and give an exhibition at the Garden |
in the evening. No radical change will be made
in the entertainment, as last year's noveltica
are counted on to rstain their value. The repre-
gentaton cf the Battle of San Juan Hill will avain
| be a spectacular feature, with more soldiers than
before. Tnereased nunters of cowboys, Ind ans
and horses are pro nised in the illustrations of
Western) life. Buffalo pill will be a participant,
as usual. Annie Oakley will use her rifle and there
is no probab lity that the show will be less than ever

in quant ty or quality

Atthe } fth Aveoueto-nighta performance will
be given for the benefit of Marvin Ro Clarke, the
bliod jour abet. A promising bill is headed by
Jowph Jefferson, who wil lecture on the drama,
and enact tae Mirst rare Digger's partof “Ham-
} bot A short sketch by Leo Dietrichstein will be

played by Anne Sutherland, Adelaide Keim and
)theauthor Cam le D' Arville will sing and so will
the "Way Down East" quartevie, Maude Courtney
aud the Weseman Serenadets Others who
will endeavor to entertein are Minnie Seligman,
Elita Proctor Ota, Sam Bernard, George Fuller
Golien, Minnie Dupree, Odell Williams and Louise

‘Truas

 

Another Strong Man Here,

Another strong man has arrived here. His
name ia Arvid Anderson and h+ hails from
Bveden. On Friday afternoon his manager,
Hjalmar Lundin, arranged for Anderson to
give a private exhibition at Saengerbund Hall,
Smith end Schermerhorn streets, Lrooklyn,
and about two hundred Invited guests at-
tended. Anderson !s well built and looks to be
very powerful. He is 2) years old, is 5 feet tall
and weighs 236 pounds. He was born at
Stoeknolm and has only been a professional

for the past two years.

Anderson's firat test of strength was to lift a
man and hold him straight above his head with
tne lefthand, atthe same time holding o bar
bell with the right hand, the combined weight
being 360 pounds. He performed the feat with
surprising ease. His next effort was to juggle
a bar bell weighing 882 ponnds with both
hands and then hold the same wth the left
hand inthe air for nearly two minutes, Afier
thia he took Henry A. Stabery, Vresident of the
Swedish American Athietic Union, awang him
with the left haod fn the are and walked up-
staira with him to a platform and down
again. Stabery weighs about 1th} pounds. His
Inet and best achievement wasto carry 4 bridge
o! three men on bia back and walk around the
stage with them, At iirst Anderson failed to
get the men off their feet, nut with a atrenuous
effort he managed to balance himself property
ant succeeded The feat was ao wonderful
that the spectators were moved to applaud the

foreigner vociferously,

Manacer Lundin announced to those present
thathe was ready te back his protégé against

either Louisa Cyr of Cavaca or

carie | the backneyed use of dumbell4 and
weights in displaying th tower

 

Matters of Interest Concerning Horses

are nore fully and ably treated in THe Sun's

 

news volumns than in any other medium. A

vertising thus becomes more valuable in a38

8un for obvious reasons. Remember this.—4

ly in “Hearts are Trumps.” Four more

Sooke are set aside for it at tbe Garden, after

which that theatre will close for te summer, to

she will te followes be Baree Berabardt: “Atastia
@ TOMO vy Sara rn

Bt eo" y ry mella

0

ee ere A SSS

"Tinaldo,” the
strong men, foranvamount. The main feat-
ure about Anderson's exhinition was that hia
feata were evidently genuine and that he dis.

  

 

THE S$

 

MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.

 

It is @ somewhat perplexing factor in all ar-

rangements for opera, at the Metropolitan next
season, that Jean de Reszke cannot be persuaded
by any means to say whether or not he intends
to return to this country next season, ‘The proa-
pect of his return has been vaguely discussed
by everybody except the famous tenor himself
and no amount of persuasion or negotiation
can draw from him one remark that could be
construed into a promive to come here, As the
matter stands at present, M. de Reszke has in

timated that he may be prepared to say one thing |

or another when he comes to London in the mid-
dle of June. Then it will be possible to discover
what is plans for next year are, and until that time
nobody will know whether he is to be a member
of the company next season. He is said to be
in excellent yoeal condition. His brother Edouard
received a letter {rom him afew days ago, in which
Jean wrote that he had just finished singing the
tenor role in “William Tell" for his own amuse-
ment, and was so delighted with the music that he
felt very much as if he would sing the role some
time. His Wagnerian repertory will be almost
exclusively used, in case he decides to return to
the United States.

Suzanne Adams, who had no desire whatever
to go into English opera, has decided however,
that is to her interest to sing in the Grau Savage
season at the Metropolitan, She will first: be
heard as Marguerite and will later sing J usielte
and Gida. Zoelie de Lussan and Clementine

de Vere are to be in the English branch of the |

organization until the regular season opens,
Miss Adams has never sung in opera in English
before, although both of the other artists have
had experience in that fleld

Marie Brema’s concert for the benefit of the

late Fritz Plank's widow and eight children |

recalls the large families of Wagnerian singers,
Max Alvory had thirteen children, Not all of
them survived, but he left eight. Mme, Sehu
mann-Heink is also the mother of eight children,
Emma Eames has decided net to sing durin
the coming season at Covent Garden, although
she was engaged there for vight appearances,

to fulfil the contract if she expects to be in con
dition next year t) join the Maurice Grau Opera
Company here next season, and that is a much
more important matter, Mme. Eames hag not
sung in London for two years.

Mme. Sembrich has been invited to appear at
the opening concert of the new Boston Music
Hall tn October, as Col, Higginson is especially

anxious that she should have that honor. But |

as she does not return to the United States until
November, it has been found impossible to arrange
the matter

Mme. Schumann Heink's contract with the
Maurice Grau Opera Company expires at the
end of next season and it is her present intention
not to return here again. She is to become a reg
alar member of the company atthe Royal Opera
House in Berlin, to which she is at present more
or less closely attached

Neither Lillian Blauvelt nor Sara Anderso )
has been engaged for the contemplated season
of opera in English at the new National Opera
House, to be built sometime by somebody some
where. Hitherto only the theatre builders have
been able to wet advertisement out of the erection
of imaginary buildings. The ambitious pair
who are to build an opera house are pioneers

Frnst Von Dohnanyi is to return here next
season for o series of piano recitals

The conductor question is fuat how interesting
the patrons of the Metropolitan Opera House
It is said to be settled that Emil Paur will not
conduct the Wagner operas next season and that
Mr. Grau isin negotiation with Ernst von Sehuch
Mr. Grau in the past has often expressed the be
lief that New York audiences were not interested
in looking at a man's back, whatever his powers
as a conductor might be But the Wagnerian
cult has changed all that lately and the conductor
is 4 person of importance now even in New York
Itis also said that Mr Grauisin negotiation with
one of the famous European conductors to direct
two cycles of the Nibelungen Ring here next
season

Some of the artistic benevolencies of the week,
as they were appropriately called, brought not unin-
teresting musical novelties On Tuesday after
noon Schoenfeld’s sonata, for which Henri Mar
teau offered a prize, was pluyed by the violinist
and August Spanuth, who gave bim excellent
assistance, at the New York College of Music
Mr. Schoenfeld’s composition is distinctly Ameri+
can in character and possesses. especially in the
first movement, many features commonly attrib
uted to Indian music, It cannot be said that the
two succeeding movements are pearly #0 attrac
tive as the first. Henry Holden liuss's concerto,
heard here first in 1844, and esteemed still one
of the best of that composer's works, was played
in a style to develop its beauties at their best
by MM. Marteau and Lambert. Miss Brema at
her concertintroduced a new song by Adolf Ernst
of St. Louis, who accompanied the singer, and one
by Miss Natalie Curtis of (his city. Miss Brema
helped to encourage the native composer, as well
as alleviate to seme extent the indigence of the
late Herr Plank’s family Earl Gulick, the
boy soprano, sang at the Waldorf on Thurs
day afternoon, and the benevolent phase
of that performance came probably from the profit
that study may bring to the boy when his talents
are more mature, His singing now is quite de
Mihtful, for the kind, and is, indeed, much superior
to most of that For while bis voice is as fresh
and beautiful in quality as that of most boy

singers, he has the additional charm of singing |

without effort and with really delightful freedom

Marie Delna is to return to the Opera Comique
in a benefit performance to be given for the pen
sion of the theatre orchestra, She will appear
in an act of “l/Attaque duo Moulin” Alfred
Bruneau, the composer, will conduct, and the
other composers who are to conduct their own
operas will be Saint Saens with the second act of
“Proserpine,” Gustave Charpentier in the second
act of “Loutse,” Giacomo Puceini with the third
act of “La Boheme,” Jules Massenet in the ballet
of “Cendrillon,” Vincent d'Indy ina selection from
‘Fervaal,” and Puget in a scene from “Beaucoup
de bruit pour Rien." Emile de Minynarski,
the conduetor of the Imperial Opera at Warsaw,
is to give in Paris during the exposition a concert
of Polish composition

The Milliand brot sho have been managing
the Paris Theatr: J.s rique for the past two vears,
have still further reduced the price of seats now
that they have change! their quarters to the
Theatre dela Republ.que Stall and baleony
seats are five and four franes respectively, while
ageission to the gallery costs only seven pence
half penny MM. Milliaud have informed the
War Minister that itis their in’ention to place fifty
sents at every performance (except on Sunday
and fete days) at the disposal of the troops sta
tioned in Paris by order of the Government, and
that every Thursday fifty seats will also be re
served for the use of the scholars belonging to tha
Ville de Paris sthools A generous policy
like this should bring success to its promoters

Nicholas Rothmuhl, who used to sing here with
Wa'tter Duomrosch and created very little sensa
tion, Jately went to Berlin from Stuttgart, where
he has been engaged for some years. He was
received with so much enthusiasm there that the
entire company from the Roval Opera House
in Berlin is likely to come to Berlin for a visit
Adolf Waleneofer, whe has been heard here in
opera, has been known for some years as a com
poser of songs. Now he has composed an opera
entied “Eddystone,” which will be sung soon in
the fifth city that has heard the work It has

 

already been sung tn Prague, Schweren, Breslau |
and Nuremburg. Felix Motl's music for the

| BB iiseivns | 99] QO] 7e| KY

ballet “Pan in the Woods" is said to be delightfully
melodious and spirited in character, reminiscent
of the Strauss dance music at its best and re
markable as the work of a musician who has
devoted so many years of his life to the study of
Wagner's works. More than $12,500 has already
been raised for the Brahmas's monument in Mam
burg. Heinrich Zocllner's setting of "The Sunken
Bell” has been successfully produced in Berlin,
Hanover and Hremen. It will next be sung in
Cassel Franz Nachbauer, the first tenor tosing
Walther in “Die Meistersinger,” celebrated his
seventieth birthdoy a few weeks ago. He was
a great favorite of Ludwig TL of Bavaro, who
presented him with @ solid silver armor in which
to sing “Lohengrin.” He was then at Munich,
where a row has recently broken out among the
conductors Director Von Possartis said to have
declined “Der Pfeiffertag” of Schilling because he
had no conductor capable of producing the work
Thereupon the three conductors, Fischer, Roehr
and Stavenhagen, threatened to resign in a body.

A well known Scandinavian conductor, Georg
Lumbye, was suddenly taken with an attack of
insanity just as he was about to begin a concert
He was overpowered by his musicans and taken
fom prvale insane dasyium,  Nieolwus Dumba, the
wealthy musical amateur of Vienna, bequeathed
to the ehiy tis collection of Sehubert autographs
Hle was interestet in other forms of art Ils
Schubert collection was second only to that of
the Berlin court liorairs Just before his death
he had made arrangements for the Vienna
Philharmonic Orchestra to visit Paris. Pauline
Lucca, whe is said ty have injured herself seriously
by falling oa the street {nV ienna the other day, was
about to be married to a Swedish baritone, who
had gone home to get a divorce from his wile.4

 

|
no invitation or trump-showing leads are used

 

| wuit itself. then a subsequent echo in a plain

 

UN, SUNDAY, APRIL 22, 1900.

AROUND THE WHIST TABLE,

PEATURES OF THE BOSTON-NEW YORK
MATCH FOR THE TROPHY,

An Interesting and Important Contest. Sys-
tems of the Two Teams~Short Suit Open-
ings Used Some Mistakes of the New
Yorks ~ Thirty-nine Tricks Dropped.

What is generally regarded as probably
the most important and certainly the most

| interesting whist match of the season, was

played in this city a week agoyesterday, and
was the contest for the A. W. L. trophy between
the Whist Club of New York, holders, and the
American Whist Club of Boston, challengers.
New York put forward the best team it could
muster, J. B. Elwell, A. BE. Taylor, C. 8. Cole
and J. BE, Faber. This is the same team that

' defeated Boston in the memorable mateh |

against the Street attachment last winter
with the exception of Cole, who takes New- |
man's place. The Boston team also made one
change, WS. Fenollosa taking the place |
of Messer, the others being I. H. Ward, ©. 1, |
Becker and 1. M. Bouvé

In an article published In THe Sux Nov.
20, 1898, commenting upon the last mateh be-
tween these teams, the following remarks were
made

The famous Pyramid team of the American
Whist Club of Boston have lost the A.W. 1.
trophy. As short-suiters in the best sense of
the term they have made themselves an ev
viable record, but they fell foul of a team that
plaved them just a little shorter and were not
hampered by a sy-tem which force: aplayer
to make a lot of interior and other freak leads ,
in order to avoid deceiving the partner by the
openings.’

Reverse the names of the teams, and the same
criticiam would be pretty nearly true of the
match just played. Last winter it was the

Her physician has advised her not to attempt | Bostons that had too many conventions, but they
learned the lesson and profited by it, throwing

all their arbitrary plays overboard = After
the match on Saturday THe Sun representative
asked Capt. Ward what he thought of the New
York system as compared to his own, and he
said he thought the Boston game much freer,
and that the New Yorks were hampered by
having more conventions than were necessary
for a team of their caliber

In the talk before the match the New York
captain gave the following outline of the sys-
tem used by his team. The call for trumps
and the three trump echo. If trumps have been
led onee only and the echo therefore is not
completed, an echo in a plain suit means three
or more trumps, American leads and fourth-
best are used to show number in trumps, but

in plain snits Foreing the partner shows
trump strength.

In plain suits the queen is led to show three
honors, counting the ten as one, but the ten is
led from Q J 10, andeither the jack or a small
ecard from K 310. The jack is not led without
the ten, nor the ten without the nine, from suits
of three or more, and if a suit islong and weak,
such as 10 8 6 §, the eight would beled) These
interior leads may be from any suit headed
by a single honor

The discard is always from weakness, unless
the adversaries have led trumps originalls
If the adversaries open a sult first and then
go to trumps the discard js still from weakness,
but if an echo is made in a discard it shows
strength in the suit, or reverses the meaning
of the ordinary discard

Capt. Ward said his team used no conventions
except to show trumps. They use thethree-trump
echo. but if trumps are led once only and the
echo not completed an echo in a plain suit
means three only. If the partner holda four
he does not echo in the plain suit. If the three-
trump echo has been completed in the trump

auit shows four trumps. The difference in the
two systems is worth thinking about, as the
same principle is used in a different way in each

case

In trumps they show number by leading
fourth best, but for high carde,in both trumps and
plain suits, they use the old Foster leads, as given
in the “Whist Manual" They diseard from weak-
ness. even on adverse trump leads, whether
original of not, but they do not make
any rigid rule about it. In plain suits they
do not show number by leading fourth-best
and do not use American leads at all

Aa to the match itself, itwas a steady pull
all the way andevery trick that dropped carried
weight with it. Nothing but the fact that both
sides were freely opening short suits prevented
some big swings i was frequently remarked
that if either team had been opposed to any
long-suit combination on these forty-eight deals
they would have eaten them up, so favorably
did the hands work for short openings and sup-
porting cards — Singletons worked to perfection
and several short leads were clearly good for
three or four tricks over long-suit openings
Unfortunately, both sides were playing short
suitafor allthey were worth and every. time
it worked for one team on the original play, it
worked just as well for the other on the over
play and so nothing was ga‘ned

The captain of the New York team went
over the recorded play of every deal in order
to see how the tricks got away. The resnit of
hia analysis seems to show that New York
dropped just 39 tricks, of which ® were charge-
able to no one in particular, 13 to one player,
710 another, @to another, and 4to another
That is to say. {nstead of losing the match by
10 tricks, New York had presented to them the
opportunities to win it by 20 if they had played
a perfect game A statement from Capt,
Ward, telling how many tricks got away from
hia team, would be interesting

There was no swing of more than two tricks
in the whole match, but Reston made seven
two-strikes against New York’s three and eleven
singles against New York's nine = The firat half
of the match was very well played on both sides,
Boston being only four ahead at the end of
twenty-four deals and New York tieing the score
on the first four deals of the second half
After that the New Yorks seemed to get care-
leas aboutlittle things aud rapidly fell behind
On the very next deal after tieing the score
they made their adversaries a present of two
tricks in the most extraordinary manner. The
deal was No, 20 and Z turned the seven of hearts

Y

In the play given the New Yorks had the opening
lead
Taylor. | Fenoll'a ) Faber. | Ward,
_ TRICK. | ee
i a3 (45
| 47 #8
@10 _4@J
| #0, 36
\OK 07

— '
| Ae 10@
| 66 Je

 

Co New York gets eight tricks only

Tricki. Theopening of the queen shows three
honors in the suit

Trick 4 This being a thirteener and sure to
be trumped by second hand unless he is stron
in truinps, it amounts to a force, or a reques
to partner to over-trump, and a force of this
kind, according to the New York system shows
trump strength, which is correct, as A has four
trumps. Then why does not BR over-truinp
and a get a round, or put up his beat) tranip
so a8 to promote the value of those in his part-
ner’a ha d?

TrickS. Y doesnot care a rap for A’s trumps
He has both the remaining suits solidly defended
and mustleadthetruinp Areadshimfor QJ 10,
of course, and thinks B covered with king and |
one or two amall

Trick 9 This is the remarkable part of the
hand B passes the ten for fear that it is a
trap to knock his jack and his partner's ave

a
ie)
LS
G
+o
°

 

towether A, having inferred Q J 10 in the
leader’s hand originally, and now seeing Z
complete an echo to show three exactly, one
of which must be the nine, passes this trick,
ao aa to catch both the others together, eape-
cially as he does not want to lead away from
the diamonds It does not seem to have oc-
eurred to him that to win this trick and lead
again would knock down the trumps just as
well. While Y was pleasantly surprised at
being allowed to take home his little trump at
trick 4. the generosity of his adversaries in let-
ting him hold triek 9 with his lonely ten almost
overpowered him

At the other table the same suit was opened,
but instead of leading «a fourth round, A
switched to the nine of spades, which his part-
ner returned, and then Y led the trump, so that
B made all three of his and A made two, shut-
ting out beth ace and king of diamonds.

After this deal Beaton went ahead rapidly,
gaining on every Ajand but one for nine deals
in succession some deals the New Yorks lost
great opportupities.ain No. 39 they had «

qe

ance to gain a trick instead of losing two.
surmes the six of hearts and Boston had the
opening

| Boston.
_TatoK, | A |

‘Bosion NT
Bol 4

   

86
Ke 10@
SP.

 

| 90] Je

Boston Gets ten tricks, a gain of two.

Trick 2. If the club sult was started at once
Z would probably finesse the ten, aa he would
not object to having A lead again. Whatever
he leads next does not matter, a® = three
clubs must make, Putting up the ace of spades
seoond hand, while it seems to save it, really
loses a trick, as the play at the other table

shows, Going back with the adversary'’s suit | ;
does not lose anything if Z does not make the | Kon KR7;PsonQ Kts andh 6,

SEVEN PIFCES

same error at trick 6

Trick 4. Both adversaries false-card in |
trumps, one because his cards are equal and |

the other because the card he plays was turned

Trick 6 Probably encouraged by his part-
ners going back with the adversary’s sult at
trick 2, Z thinks he will try it, and before he can
get into the yameagain to save himself B has
pee all his clubs and three tricks have been
oat

At the other table the first spade was passed
holding the tenace over LB, who never made
another trick in that suit because he was afraid
toleaditagain. When Z gotin on the diamond
he led the jack of clubs on which his partner

put the ace and returned the small one and Z |

took the finesse, making three tricks in the
suit and shutting out the spade king

Although the score was a tle at the end of
twenty-eight deals, the game looked like Bos-

ton's from the start. On the first eight deals |

New York could not gain a trick while Boston
pieked up four When New York finally did
Ket one to theie credit on deal No 9, if was
through the courtesy of their adversaries,
who kindly carried home an ace in the last
three tricks when a thirteenth trump and an
established suit were clearly marked against
them

Two deals further along the New Yorks picked |

up another trick through the Boston's man’s
forgetting Ward's great shifting maxim The
third round of his suit was won by Dr Cole
Taylor discarding a spade. Cole led it again,
and Taylor shed another spade and the whole
anit went frappe At the other table Elwell
opened the hand in the same way, but he shifted
after two rounds, and they made three tricks
in apades

In No 14 New York got another trick be-
cause the Boston man did not make the beat
spade while he was in the lead, but went right
back with his partner's suit) Allthe trumps
were gone except those in his partuer’s hand
and his partner had no apade, having discarded
on the tirst round of that suit. Aft the other
table Flwell made this spade trick before re-
turning his partner's suit. In No 17 Elwell
pieked up another trick by hammering away

until he established and took a trick with the |

seven of a suit in which he held A 1075 while
the K Q.J842 were in one hand against him,
on his right

While this was going on the Boston men were
picking up tricks one at a tlme, many of which
were due to their greater freedom in the leads
They gained several tricks by leading queens
from the top of weak suits without having the
jack and ten behind it The first hand pubtished
to-day is a specimen of how it worked some-
times, In some cases it resulted in catchin
kings second hand. New Yorks could no
make such leads on account of their conven-
tion that the queen must show three honors.

The first two-strike made by Boston was due to
one of these queen leads The opening was the
same at both tables. a six-card spade suit headed
by the king with the ace and king of diamonds
for re-entry, three clubs to the ten and two
srumpe to the jack. Fourth hand won the first
round of spades with the ace over the queen
and returned the lone jack, which his partner
trumped with the five, still having left the
A Q109 of trumps, the 10 6 of diamonds and Q
J654of clubs he first tricks were the same at
both tables but Fenollosa led the queen of clubs,
while New York had to lead a small one. The
queen lead caught the king,which made at the
other table hat was one trick of the two
The other trick lost on the deal was through
being afraid to lead another round of trumps
when the New York player found himself with
the two established clubs and the A Q 10 of
trumps, he having already been forced twice
The six of trumps was gone, and when he led
the ace he dropped the seven, four and deuce.
His partner was echoing with the trey in his
hand and if he had gone on the king and jack
would have dropped. but he didn't. That was
the other trick in the first two-strike of the
mateh

The next two-strike made hy Boston was on
dea| No 15, in which Z turned the ten of hearts
and Boston had the opening lead. Hereis how it
went

Becker. | Faber. | Fenoll’a| Plwell.

 

 

TRICK, | A | y a | B | 2
|v low 192
|#3 |a4Q |ak
| sel Qe, 26
\2A |) (85
48 | #10 a7
193 (9 i
| Teo 910

   

   

5
4 '
| 9@ af 46

 

20) 8%! a4 66

-| 6O0| 7° $2 86

eo] Ko | 8%), 306 Ao
3......1/96 | 100]

13 |} | 109) 30) KO

welQ® § 40] QO] 00

Boston gets ten tricks, a gain of two.
Trick 1. The jack is led for the purpo-e

of heading off the turned trump and the came
card was ‘opened at both tabes As ysnal

fear his partner ts joading short, Most com-
mon-sense players do not bellevein this theory,

continued,

of clubs

unless he is inspired to lead the diamonds

Z/sten of trumps good for a trick

am

when the New Yorks had the opening lead

Taylor Ward Cole, Houvé
TRICK | A | Y | by | 2

J |gq !04 |02

20 | 100_ 22) 90
98 |93 GVA |

ay K | 36 9 6 | 910
-| BQ! 40) 380 26

 

wes! B®) Bey AS 46
B06 gna 810) OS

 

0.....,49 |S3 #8) BK
ee ‘28 s8 aQ 467
Be bsoccosve le | 560 £4 66
POs rai cks | 1lO@ | 7°,@2 } 86

 

New York gets elght tricks only

friek |. ta this case the interior lead makes

Bthink lus partner is leading the top of nothing
a» he holds up the ace to get a second and third
round when he get. in again This make

| Y a present of a clear trick with the queen of

trumps

trick 8% As the New Yorks do not cover with |

the jack and one small Taylor knows his part-

ner must have the queen or no more, and as he
does not know what to lead himself he prefers

to let Bin
Trick 7. This is an unfortunate guess, be-
cause the club suit cannot be established un-

less it ix opened now At this tabls two tricks

in spades are made but the spade king is not

shut out and two elub tricks and the queen of

trumps are lost. —
Next week some further der! fromthis match

will be given, many of which are instructive

examples of whist tacties
(TUR NOTES

Arrangements have been made tor a special

cur to Detroit for those going to the women’s
congress next week This will leave the Grand
central depot ata M. on Sunday next, arriv-
ing in Detroit at S15 next morning, Delegates

should allow themselves time to get their cer-
tificates for the return tickets Mre FT

Raker, 728 Prospect place, Brookly o, has charge

of arrangements

 
 

PROBLEM NO. YO7—-BY FMILE PRADIGNAT,

ALACK- TEN PIFOCES,

ison Q R 6 and BH 8, Paon Qh6,
sak Kia

 

K on K R5;QonQ R 4; Ron K Kt2: Kton ga;

W bite to play and mate in three moves,

PROBLEM NO DR, FE, PALKOSKA, PAR-

TUBITZ, BOHEMIA, AUSTRIA,
THREE PIECES.
honk BS; Ron KR4; Pon K RS

 
 
 
 

WSs

    
  

 

   
  
 
  

 

 

 

 

Kt3:QonQa4&; RonQ3; Ktson K B 2 and

White to play and mate in two moves.

END-GAME STUDY-—BY A. M. BRAUNE,
SPVEN PIFCES.

K on KB6;QonQKt5; Rs on K BSand kK B77;
Ktson Kk Sand KR; Pon k Kt5

 

K on K Kt 8; Qon K Kuj6; Ps on K Kt7 and K RY’.
-FOUR PIECES,

White to play and draw

SOLUTION TO PROBLEM NO. 903,
~K B, K xR, 2.

B, Kt elsewhere; 2
~K B, P-Q5, 2.
SOLUTION TO PROBLEM NO, 904,

Q4,RxQ 2.

4, R \KA2) elsewhere, 2
4, R (B 4) moves, 2
Q 4, Kt moves; 2

SOLUTION TO PROBLEM NO. 905,
1, P-QB3,BxP; 2. Kt-B&ch, Kjx P38. Q~

. P- QB 3, Kt-Q 2; 2
B—Q5, mate.

-Q RS, K—K5, 2. Kt
B3,K-BS; 2. Kt
B3,QxaP.2. Kt-BSch, &e,
ther variations easy,

SOLUTION TO PROBLEM NO. 906,

Q--K 7, mate

7orQx Pech, &e

B4ch, K~K 5; 8.

=
=
“

Seen

Sx REPOST
fesesefees

wrens r ys

o>

P-Kt4eh, K . Kt 5 ch, K x B;
3. Kt--B 3 ch, KB 3 (b); 4. P--Kt Sch, KK 38.
Kt 4 and wins,

(a) Best! for if
queen next move.
moves beginning with B

K -R 4 then follows P

ft B 3, and wins the
K x P, he loses in three

KtS and P- Kt6, &c

Correct solutions received to problem No 903 from
Grover's Lil, Danbury :
W. Husted, Maiden,
Medford, Mass.; W

with all interior leads the partner hasto guess

and is afraid to go back with the trump for dues. ‘h
gutman, New

H. Ellery, Brooklyn; Louis J.
Vance, New York; R. Monrad, Decorah, la., Myrrha,
Robbins, New York, and C,

and think that if the partner starts out with an
original trump attack he wants the trumps
out. and he is to blame if it does notturn out
well In this case A is compelled to do a lot
of signalling in clubs and spades to make his
partner understand that he wants the trumps

New York, W. D
Kennel, Brooklyn

Correct solutions rece
Danbury, Conn
Barry, Medford, Mass;
New York; R
New York; Fred
nnell, brooklyn.

ived to problem No. 904 from

Malden Mass; H.W
Ellery, Brooklyn; Loults J!
Monrad, Decorah,
Meise, New York, and ©

Correct solutions received to problem No. 905 from
Grover's Lil, Danbury, Conn.
York; H. W. Barry, Medford, Mass.

Trick 4. B goes right ahead and clears his
clubs. It does not seem to have struck him
euliar that his partner had nothing smaller

as : ,
in fis hand than the ten of spades and the nine . Gutman, New

Dr. A. H. Bald

Trick 5.) Although A should have returned

: N ork; C. Kennell, Br mn,
the spade it does not matter what he does now, Myrrha, New York Kennell, Brooklyn, and A B

Marsden, New York,

Correct solutions received to
Grover's Til, Danbury, Con
New York: H. H Gutman, New York
Medford, Mass
Fred Meise, New York,
Myrrha, New York,
Maas., and C, Kennell, Brooklyn

Correct solutions recetted to end game stud
Dr. A. H Baldwin, Norwalk, Conn

toblem No. 906 from
which will probably put A in the lead and make

Baldwin, Norwalk, Conn

Trick 8 The Desehapelles coup would :
Filery, Brooklyn;

have been the correet thing here, and very
pretty It is certainly better play, on general
papenes than leading Z's suit right up to

Here is how the hand went at the other table, Brooklyn A.B

Marsden, New Work

Additional correct solutions to end-game study of
the previous week recelved from Ro Monrad, Decorah,
la., and Louls J. Vance, New York

All the correspondence on problems and end game
studies ts held over for next week

66 89 30 | Ao CHESS NOTES

| ——— A chess player distinguished for his interest in the
game stan advanced age is Dr. A.B
timore, who ts in tiigelgnty third year
medicine for fifty years in Baltlmore and occ ipled
the cuatrfor nervous and menial diseases at the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons of that city for
He has been President of the
| Baltimore Chess Association for twenty five
terms President of the medical and
He ts also an active contributor

Arnold of Hai

nearly twenty years

| and was for man
ebtrurgical faculty
to the Jewish publications.

, ae j@ 7e Qe Ke
t

THE LONDON TOURNAMENT

Following are the scores of some of the games played
fn the frst and second rounds of the City of London
Chess Club's tournament

Pro tTSaT

Sut veer
cc

Lost by Black under the time limtt rule
BICILIAN DEPUNCE

s=3
w

 

 

FRENCH DEFENCE.

Lee. ‘Tletjen, lee Tiet,

Whue, Black. White. Nee
iP-Ka4 PKS 6h Rr ae
2P Qa P Qe 178 BS B
SKt-QMS Kt KBS IAKt-RS PBS
4 KK B Ke wP Ba kK B
SP KS Kt KS 20k 3 B -Q4
6 bab Ktakt 21k Kt P.- gre
7Bs Rue eer Kw K
4 Bx Ktx kup 23R-QR- R -QKS
OR-Kt Kt Ss 24 Kt 2 P 5

1OKaAKKe Pep 2 Kt- Qs B-KS

1k Kt Ke RS mak yt P Ke

2 RaP Pp Ku 27 UPx RPs

WR BS PRIS 28 RPxP R QR

WR obs Kt 2R -Kig

1D Rxke BaR Drawn,
QUEEN'S GAMBIT DECLINED,

Ward, = Teichmann. | Ward. Tetchmaa®

White, Black, White Biach
iP gi P ys IRKI BS P-KW
2P Qn4a PKS 19 KtaB Kakt
aKt gne P QBS 20 Bakt RaB
4Kt BS Kt BS 21 RaR PaR
SH KW nH KG /22P Kb K
6 Q Kis ha | 23K B P
H ' ah}, had | M PaPch kK
SP 4 ‘t 2 25 R--Kt R-

9 PxP Pat | 206K—K P Re
10 Be Qs Kt KtS | 27P QRS R-Q?
11 Castles Bxkt |; 2@@R-KW K %
3 pab HK -Q2 | 20 R- Kt4eh ae
i Kd AQ |) 30R QR& RR?
14 xg en le RY poRe
a hig n : ¥ | 82R-Kach Ke 2
Kt Q2 » Bd AS IKKAR P-~
iWKt hi Kt BS — | 34 Resigns “e
SICILIAN DEFENCE,
Physick lee Phyaslek,

White, Black, | White, Bl 2
1P Ka P Qa 19 P- KR4 RP
2Kt Qns PKS 20QR- Kt P--B4
SKt BA Pap 21 KS R-KS
4P Qa BO Kt 22Q KU P--BS
5 KtaP Kt WS 2P-QR3S R—-Kw
6Y y" KIPxke 245) K2 B—Q?
ree st P Qs 25Q KS Kt g

4 2 Kt Q2 26P -KKO ~B
oP Mi P-Ki 27K -R rt Ree
wy Kis h-- Ke est Ka Pkt

11 B- Qa P KB4 | 20QxQ RxQ

1? Castles Ktae |; 3OKR—Q  R-—QS

MWPaPep Kt R4 ‘31K -Kt2) RaR

MWB KAU Qa 32 RR a?
t

WBab Castes 33aR B :
1WQ KS Kt B83 a4K Re p- Kise
WP WA kK Kt 35P KKt4 PaP

I8Q Ki RB 36 Resigns,
RUY LOPEZ,

Passmore, Mason. Passmore, M

Whitr Black. | White. Brack
iP Ka P-K4 | 4 KtxP ~—RS
2kt KAS Kt QBS | IS PxB xB
SB KM Kt QS 16 BPxP B.-B8
ey pak | 17 Kt RS pte
5 PQ to 1&8 KtxQPch K--
6 Castles ° BBS | 19 PKS Ris
Th OWA PQs | 20 PxB xP
§8Q KK .B-R2 | 21 Kt-Ka PKG

O@KI-O2 Q Ré
wk BS Bh RG
11h Ba P QkKt
12B- Qk Q Ri
WB KK P KR

THY SUN'S eorrespondent in forwarding the
ofthis game writes: “I think Mason must have h.
cold when he played this game.”

FRENCH DEFENCE

22 Kt—RSch ha
23Q-K3 R--KKO
24 QR--—K —BS
25 Kt-Kéch Restgna

 

Blackburne. Jones Blackburne. Jonea
White Black. White Blac
is Aine E K3 17 a Bxkt
2 Kt—KBS Qs 18 BaB
SPxP Pap 19 Kt-—K5 th
4P Q4 Kt KBS 20 Ks P.-KKt8
513-93 KO8 21 AxRP Kt-—Q8
f Castles Castles 22 KtrakK BP --B
TR KW BK 23 xP K-B
&QKt Q2 P--BS3 24 4B RaRch
9P Qa Qkt Q2 25 RxR KtxB
109P-—-KRS Be KS 26 Kt--R6ch K--R
11 P--BS He K2 27 B--he R--Q
12Q--B2 RK 28 Q- KAS Kt
1S KR-K P KRS 20 Kt- BS 4 Kt
4H -KB4 Kt-B 30 Kt—Qa —Q2
1 Kt Q-B 31 R-hdS Resigna
16 Kt- KS KR

 

NX. ¥. A.C. CHAMPIONS,

Proposition to Reduce the Duesand Privte
leges of Athletic Members.

Sines the new administration of the New
York A.C. came into power last January the
question of the course to be pursued with re-
gardtothe athletic members of the club has
occupled the serious attention of the Athletie
Committee and the Board of Governors,

The present board is a unit for purity ia
athletics, and an investigation of the circume
stances revealed the facts that under previous
management the crack athletes of the organtl-
zation enjoyed privileges not guaranteed to
them by the constitution, and {n some cases
an immunity from dues and house accounts
entirely at varianca with @ proper amateur
spirit,

After wrestling with the proposition for
months the board has prepared a number of
changes in the constitution of the club dealing
with the exigencies of the situation which will

be submitted for action at a special meeting of
the members on May 1. The proposed amende
mentr are radical in character, and if carried
athletic mem hers will notin future mare anv
of the highly prized rights enjoyed by resident
mem bera,

The most sweeping chango suggested is to
pmend article IIT, section 5, paragraph 3 as
ollows

Atbletle members shall not enjoy the privileges of
the efty clubhouse, except {n respect to such facilittes
fn connection ‘vith athletle training or practice as
may be deemed recessary or expedient by the Athletle
Committee, the privileges extended to such athletle
members at Travers Island shall also be defined and
limited by the Athletle Committee, except that no
athletic member shall have the right to sign house
erecks or incur house indebtedness.

In addition it is intended to strike out the
aragraph entitling athletic members to 6
ransferto other classes on payment of the
regular initiation fee when their career of usee
fulness on the track ta ended. In considerate
tion of the curtailed advantages It is intended
to reduce the dues of the athletes from $
ear, anominal figure which cid not often fin
he way {nto the club treasury, to $10 a year

President John R. Van Wormer is confident
that the proposed amendments will #o
through, and that both Capt. Charles H. Shere

ill and the Athletic Committee favor them

e said further:

“We wish to encourage pure athletics among
our members and have no desire to attract te
the club, meu who simply use the clubforthele
own purposes, and who have been enabled te
do that simply because they have made a name
in other flelda before they came to use, Our
club may foratime not score quite so mas
points in open eompetition, but all that will
right itself in due course, { am convinced that
our action will prove a wise business move, and
that it will be so regarded throughout the
athletic world, Ourclub is in aplendid cone
dition, financially and otherwise, and we proe
pose to keep it that way,”

Despite the optimistic views of President
Vay Wormer, the feeling that the innovation
will raise the atandard of athletics in the clab
is not unanimous, and among athletes genere
ally the movement is thought to savor more
than ever of hiring athletes to diaplay the
winged foot ontrack and fleld in return toe Be
use of training table and track at Travers
anc

An old member of the club who wore the
winged foot in competition before there was
suchathing as “athletle membership” of the
N. ¥. A.C, sald yesterday; :

“There is nothing the matter with the present
rule of the club rewarding athletio members,
The fault la with the oMfictals of the organize
tion, who, in striving to maintain supremacy in
competitions, have allowed crack athletes to
continue members without paying dues, aud in
the case of especially prominent men, have
failed to drop the offenders who neglec to
pay their house indebtedness.

‘The proposed legislation would only reaulé
in the acquisition of a ‘stable’ of athletes who
can in no way be considered members of the
club, When the legisiation promoting athletie
membership was firat introduced a somewhat
similar plan of curtailed privileges was sube
mittedto the clul) by the Board of shite he

 

The project was defeated and A. G. Mille, w
was then President, stated at the time that tl
cause which practically led to the measure bee
ing rejected was the argument that the ol

of men desired to represent the N. Y, A.
would not agcept membership under the ree
stricted privilege condition.

“The same argument holds good to-day, and
{tis ridienlous to assume that the N.Y, A.G
should be willing to have its emblem worn {a
competition by men that are undestrable assoe
clates in the city clubhouse, and who cannot
be trusted to sign checks or incur house ine
debtedness.”

A proposition to raise the annua! dues of
resident members from $50 to $60 and none
resident from $25 to $30 will also be submit-
ted. Tne Board has decided that the facilities
of the clubhouse will admit ofa further Ine
crease inthe membership and It fs Proposed 89
raise the Jimit of the resident class from 3,
to 3,300

Sergt. Codet Wins the Twenty-third Regimen®
Prize.

The Jast drill of the season and the compee
tition for the Veterans’ trophy for the best-drilled
suldier of Company K, at the Twenty third
Regiment Armory on thursday plight, was
well attended The company paraded as 4
battalion with Capt Charles G. Todd as Majoe
commanding and Lieuts. barnum and Sithpson act-
ir g as (a tains of the two companies. In the compes
titlou for the Veteranus’s trophy Major W. A. Stokes
and Capts. Hull ‘and Hami{itonjoMeciated as Judgea.
“Twenty three members of the command compe’
Sergt. Fdwin Codet won, the prize belngj pinned o@
his coat by Major Stokes.

Fencing.

Rosvos, April 21. — Manuel De Diaz of the Bostom
\. A. wona triple fencing vietury inthe New England
championship at Pierre Hallon Thursday aigot. The
contests were beid under the direction of the New Eng
janddivision of the Fencers’ League In the foils De
Jaz successively defeated Howard Clapp, Eunlee

Conile, J. Po Parker and G. H, Hreed ihe Boston
A.A, man won the dueling sword match from the
same competitors, scoring 11 potnts to Parker's 7.
De Diag, Parkes and L. M. Vitoll participated in the
sabre contests, the former getting § palnss te we
others 6 each.

Se ne

Se RT se aed