compared with
0 year, and net

70,108,
e 4 a surplus of $316,1

ec ine

Francisco and North Pact
aa oarnings for
{$1,422 as compared with me
tyear, and net $5,874, a decrease

For the nine monthae
yaa earnings were $707,800, an in-
3,145 oa compared with t
1 of last year, and net

arch of $57,205, a

 

sponding perlos
a deoreans ot 1 West Point Ratlroad ti

The Atianta and West Point Rallroad reports

The & or February of 843,777
aa compared with the
th of Inst year, and net $27,223,

7 For the el@ht months
+ rosa earnings were $4%),.
eee nding period @f lant
corresponding per of jaat year,
207,400, an inerense of $37,074.
Fort Worth and Denver City Rallroad
rose earnings for February of $27,51%),
of $1,300 a8 compared
f last year, ani net $7,705, an in-
For the elaht months ending
the wroas earnings were $313,870, a
{$40,740 as compared with the cor-
onding period of last year, and net $135,-
a decrease of $70,020,

Yhe Georgia Sor
reports @ross @
an increase of
aame month of, last
{ucrease of $2,15¢
ing Mareb sl,
50, ap increas

an {Deresee O
en ling bed, 2

«ome month o

ithern and Florida Ratiroad
arnings for March of $
$25,530 as compared with tha
and net $22,580, an
e nine montha end.
the grosa earnings were $)105,-
eo of $105,338 as comnared with
ling period of lust year, and net
404, an increase of $52,12
The receaints of the Government to-da
yatoms, £444,007 ; internal revenue, $8
laneous, $026,300, @ total of $2,
ments were $1,135,006
vaas of receipts over expenditures of $°
. The receipts of the fiscal year have heen
4479,357,000, and the disbursements $402,-
T4882, un excess of receipts over expendl-
tures of $56,620, 188,

rhe official count of eash in the general
aqsury not inelnding the gold reserve of
nd $727, /21,770 tn gold, silver
inst which certificates are out.
ompared withithat of last Sate

The disburse

$1.50,000,000 @&
ard notes, aga
standing, and ¢
urlay, shows:

jold coin, bulllon and
Geertinente $84,428,830

 

hited States notes

 

$150,164,008  $144,168,075
Department to-day received
bondato the amonnt of $1,387,500 to be ex-
changed for the new 2 per cent,
under the Refunding act.

Net avail cash bal
The Trensury

$251,448,800
ney in London, 34/@4 per cent. Rates of
for short and three

ntip open. market
Paris advices

novthe’ bill, 4@4% per cent.
pte percents at 101 franca 2% centimes,
«-hange on London, 25 francs 104 centimes,

The Trust Company of New York hus been
vosignated asa depositary for margins b
Produce, the Coffee and the Cotton exchanges.

COMMERCIAL,

21,—Gaatn—W heat—Spot
bush. No, 2 red, in
elevator, 76%e.; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 3he.
Northwestern receipte
were 227 ears, against 700 last week and 201
last year; Chicago, 33 against 115 Inst week
Futures closed ‘ec. higher.
Prices as follows:

Sales, 80,000

1 hard, tie, over,

and 63 last year,
Sales, 715,000 bush,

bush, No, 2 mixed

20%4c.: track and un-
graded white, 30@34a; track and ungraded mixed,
Futures closed unchanged to '4c. lower, at
No. 2 Western 60! 4e,
New ork. Carlots, Jersey and State, 576.. noml-
nal,e t f. track. Corn was firm. Sales,
bush., Ineluding 128,000 for ex
outports No, 2 in elevator, 4644e.;
Soc. over May in Chicago.

Cats were dull. Sales, 40,000
in elevator, 28e.

in elevator, 30c.

 

Rye was dull

rt here and at the

Futures closed ‘ec. to
Bales, 25,000 bush. Prices as follows:

May.icccessssees 4604 44M OMG

‘This shows the grain movement:

Wheat, Oorn. Rye Barley.

20,250 142,800
177,462 126,486 12,970 121,229

.. $8,350 200,200 165,500 7,500
75,066 644,644 524,708 ...

Hietter cables than expected, accompanied by som
buying for Continental account, had a@ bracing effect
wheat this morning and prices advanced a frac
Liverpool was firm and Paris rose 5 centines.
“Sne receipts were light, Chicago reported 4 fair cash
demand and shorts covered here and at the West.
" Northwest bought at Chicago.
“oS were rather unfavorable and Budapest rose
} On the other hand, the weather at the
West was favorable, being warm, with light raing in

) temperatures ranged
The world's

 

Continental crop

1 Yesterday the
n 80 to 09 degrees in the Northwest.
ments for the week are estimated at as bigh
and the quantity on passage
incren-e of

as 4,000,000 bush.

closing prices were about the
Corn advaneed on
light country

of the day.
higher cables, foreign buying,
acceptances and covering by recent
Primary receipts
Oats were « fraction
lower on favorable weather and crop reports aod the
dulness of the trading
Quiet but steady
were 7,474 Dbl
bbis. and 40.004 sacks.
€, 82.400 $2.55;
$3,154 $3.25

»ol advanced 'od
erate of late

Sales, 4,500 bdbis,
and 22,872 sacks,
Winter in bbls.
$2.55.0$2.65;
straights, $3.35 $3.40; pat-
Clears, $2.90 ©

Spring tn bbis.
5 a $3.40; patents, $3.65 @ $3. 40,

$4.00: straights, $3.2
Rye four, $2.70 @ $3.55

prices here were unchanged; sales,
Middiing uplands 9 13-16¢,
New Orleans and
The Southern spot markets
were generally quiet and unchanged. Liverpool was
unchanged on the spot, with sales of 5,000 bales;
futures were gto 1 point lower for near months an
i? higher for the next. The movement to-day was as

13 bales for spinning.

 

' lhe. against Alege.

Last Week, Last Year

New Orleans est. to

    

Augusta shipved today 1,295 bales; Memphis, 644;
St Lou and Houston 8 Port exports, 15,887
bales. New Orleans closed 4 to & points lower
Vires here declined & to 11 points on this crop and 3
1 the next, closin Estimated sales, 50.-

Prices as follows

 

 

Duiness of speculation and of spot markets tendered
Vo depress cotton, and so did clearing weather at the
‘hand reports of more or less depression in cotton
i AS everybody knows, the statistleal position

nand as well as supply
‘very little demand, jegiiimate or

 

 

 

 
 

y months are already
however, believe
ypments miry
of September as supplies are steadily
epntended that they
Hestremely low @tage by the end of the season,
" t A next erop months
stood tolhave sold this erop

yn the spot was firmer at 8%
ivaneed 10 to 15 potnts and closed
Havre wast
1, ply. higher
25,076 bags, Ri

Phe friends of cotton
Interesting devel

 

Siig, and it is will be down

Street ts unde

American ware

    
  

Stock, 364,000

>

 

Noirs a osteo

ssteas

 

sdvanced on speculative
spite of generally lower
deliveries: were

 

Spirite of turpentine, S14 Slige
eined rosin, $1
Spot Western, $7.50;
South American, $4.35, retined

 

gase. Tallow 5 ve
Creamery, Wee tern,
State, extras,
State, [ull cream,
l2!4c.; lasge

 

Bail, colored, fancy, 13e.; do, white

 

  

12 \ .
ding | 12364 124, Feee—Gue, Pennarivania, and West

A 21.—" Provision:
had a further sharp deciine on a continuation of
—e The closing was quiet at ipside
ces,
Sugan—Raw was dull at 4 7-166. for 06 test and
SCY for &¥ test. Kefucd was quiet and un
Ange,

OBICAGO, April 21,—These were to-day's prices:
Lan

Wheat; Opening. Highest. Lowest, Closing. Night.
ADM sc cccccse aene bass ie 6h 65
May........5 654 689 68% 65% 651%
JULY. cece COMBE OTE = 66%G = 6684-76 64%,
Beptember.... 67% % 6776 OT% 67% 67'g

Corn:

  

 

 

 

BOB vivveces vans vo ‘ 37% «37%
May.. 38GB BBG SAG SBM OAD
July... 309% 30% 3914 SOM 20g
September... 404% 40% 30TH 80% 40
Oats:
AOR sceisyi ’ 22% 2284
May.......... 2346 2344 22% 90-22%) 28
July. sccccceee 29MM 28M 22% 22%!
September.... 22% omy 23 33 22%
Lard,
April ’ 6.02% 7.10
MAG. cccsceve 9.08 7.08 6.02'4 ©o24 7.10
July. ...ccee, 71245 7.15 7.0244 7.02% 717M
September... 7.20 7.20 7.074 7.071% 7.25
October... 7.20 7.20 7,20
dtibs:
AMM csrisees 1 ; 6.90 7.05
May . 695 6.05 6.6744 6.90 7.05
July ses, 6.0744-7 7.0216 602% 6.05 7.05
Septem ber 6.9714 6.9756 6.00 6.90 7.02%
Pork
BR. vvsses ; 12.7216 12.00
May ........ 12,8244 12,0244 12.7244 12.72% 12.90
July... 12.05 13.00 12.80 12.8214 13.00

OTHER MARKETS.
Open. High Low- Clos. Laat
Wheat. ing. eat est. ing, Night.
Minneapolis May 659% O37 65% 69% 6599
July. 65% 65g 654g OFS_ 514

Duluth.........May 66\4 663% 664y G66'_ 66ly
July..67!¢ 674g O74 GIy 7G
Toledo.........May 71'9 71% Tita Tity 71%
July 71% 71% 719Q 718 71%
Detrolt........ May 70% 71% 70% 71% 70%
July 71%) 71% 719 71% 71%

St. Louls......May ste tee BOS BONG
July 6644 66'g 66% 66% 60lg

Live Stock Market.

SATURDAY, April 21.

Receipts were 320 head, all for slaughterers. No
trading and none for sale. The feeling was steady.
Dressed beef was in light demand at 6!9uS!ec. per
®. for native sides, Cables unchanged, Exports,
477 beeves, 75 sheep and 4,155 quarters of beef,

Reeelpts of calves nove, but about 320 head, held
over Friday, were offered today Demand moderate
and prices even lower than yesterday = i ifty mead re-
ported unsold. Common to good veals sold at $4.75
($0. 12%9 per 190 Bs, City dressed veals dull at7¢
ve. per B

Revel pts of sheep aud lambs were 464 head, all for
the market; making, with the stale stock, 20 cars to
be sold. Very little inquiry for the stock, but prime
grades were holding at steady prices with the prefer-
ence given by buyers to clipped lambs. More than 16
cars were unsold late in theday, and all the under
grades were lower, Medium unsborn sheep sold at
$5.250$5.50 per 100 %., ordinary to fair unshorn
lamhs at $6.75 @$7.25; clipped do. at $5.0 $6.25: un
shorn culls at $5.40; spring lambs at $3,50 per head.
Dressed mutton dull atS« lve. per &.: dressed laraba
easier at 1% Li oc.; extra carcasses, 12) Receipts of
hogs were 1,670 head, including @ ear for the market
Nomlnally steady for all weights

CUTTING ICE.

Cakes Pass Through Many Hands Before
They Are Delivered,
From tha Nashua Telegraph,

The cutting of the ice on a pond ts an inter-
esting process, and the equipment is peculiar
/ and varied. All the fall and winter, until the
harvest is closed, men and horses after every
snowstorm sctape the ice to the glare with snow
scrapers. When the cutting begins 4 horse draws
6 marker acrosqthat portion of the pond immedia-
diately to be cut, leaving a light straightincision
along the surface. This is repeated until the

surface is all marked off one way, each line being
twenty-four inches apart. Then the groover
goes over the same course, Making the {ncision
deeper and broader

he process is repeated, except that this time
the mark goes at right angles w the lines drawn
first, and ata distance of thirty six inches apart,
Then the course is gone over by the plows, until
the lines each way are cut to a depth of nine in-
ches, The ice gone overfor the last time is ready
for the “canal

After the last passage of the plow which makes
the narrow groove a few quick, well directed blows
from an ice chisel in the hands of @ skilled cutter,
and a large “float” containing 100 or more of the
ordinary 24x86 cakes is broken from the fleld
Ready men with pikes an the end of long poles
push it through the open water to the vicinity
of the elevator. The “canal” of course, is longer
the farther way from the elevator the men are
cutting. The course must be kept open, and
should it freeze during the night the new ice must
be broken.

The first men who receive the float at the eleva-
tor break it with their chisels lengthwise, and
the smaller piece ia sent under the plank bridge,
where the cross sections are broken off; each cake
is then at hand ready for its upward journey
The “feeder drives tt with lis pike to the proper
position, when it is caught by a section of the
endless chain, and up, up, up it glides The
feeder must be careful and quick of eye, to seo
that every piece of the forty each minute that
passes through his hands ts whole, of the right
size and gets its correct position upon the chain
Acakeaskew might wreck the whole elevator

As an additional precaution, way up at the top
of the tower is stationed the “clutch,” who watches
the cakes not only before they arrive at the planer,
but after they have started down the galleries,
to see that no obstruction is encountered) Should
a hitch occur, electric bells, with buttons at con-
venient distances, give him and the other men
thealarm. Ofall, he is the one to stop the danger.
In his place of duty there is a clutch, with which
he can throw off the belt, and, without stopping
the engine, the motion of the chain stops at once,

Bui the cake has almost completed its journey
up the elevator. Before being stored away the
thin snow on its surface which has escaped the
planer when still in the lake must be gotten rid
of. Every cake, before it goes into the storercoin,
haa between two and three inches planed from
its surface. A machine also grooves the planed
surface with inchsleep creases backward and
forward, to prevent freezing together when finally
packed away in the rooms

The “planer man” bas his hands full, and after
leaving him a break in the elevator run sends it
flying along the house galleries to the room where
{tis to be stored away. Practised men with pikes
hurry it on its way, each room has its turn, and
tier after der is piled up until the ice can be more
conveniently handled should the ice enter the room
ata higher point.

The braak in the runway closed, it only re
mains to open another on 4 level with the next
gallery to fill the room from that point, where the
cakes remain until wanted

 

Seventeen- Year-Old Girt Ran Over.

While riding a bicycle through Mercer street,
Jersey City, yveaterday, Miss Florence Weh-
man, 17 years old, of 2774 Boulevard, was run
down by acoach owned by Thomas Carey of
653 Grove street, and driven by William Bren-
nan. Her left shoulder waa crushed and she
eceived several other painful brulaes. Dr,
‘dward K. Dunkel lifted her into hia bugey
apd took hertoher home. Her shoulder bone
ta fractured,

Hendrie Loses His Suit to Collect Fatarity
Forfeits.

Hamixton, Ont., Apri! 21.—The sult of Wil-
Ham Hendrie againat John Brennan of Toronty
to recover $00 forfeits due by the defendant
{n the Futurity of 1898, won by Martimas, was
tried at the Asaizes yesterday afternoon, Con-
siderable Interest was manifested in the case
by turfmen, it being the first time the question
of the right to collect forfeits in the civil courts
ever came up. Justice Street dismissed the
action. He held that the making of nomina-
tion could not be considerad an agreement to
pay the forfeits and that the duties of the
jockey club were not binding in law. After
the case was disposed of the defendant volun-
tarily agreed to pay the amount due,

Cornell Wins the Fencing Contest Against Old
Penn,

Irmaca, April 21.--Cornell easily defeated

the University of Pennaylvaniain the fencing

contest last night by a seore of 7 to.2. The

Cornel! team waa composed of A,B, Wieland,
c.W. Davisand K.N. Knipe. A. A. Gilbert, FP,
R. Stathers and FE. Buekeridge made up Old
Penn's team.

 

 

Schedale of the Brooklyn Intercinb Leagoe.

The Executive Committee of the Proo!yn Inter

club Baseball League has arranged all the details |

for the opening games, which are seheduled for May
24. A setof rules has been adopted, and the league

{intends to maintain its amateur standing by allowing |

no one to play unless he ts an actual member of a
club tn the league. There ts considerable er
among the fourclubs and a itvely season ts anticl-
pated. The schedule ts as follows
May 26. Crescent A, ©. va. Knickerbocker F.C, at
Hay Ridge, Columbian vs. Invincible, at Prospect
ark
reine 2—Creseent A. C. vs. Columbian, at Hay
Ridge, Knickerbocker F.C. vs. Invinelble, at Pros
pect Park.

lune @—Creseent A.C. ve. Inginelble, at Hay Ridge
Columblan va. Koickerbocker F.C, at) Prospect
ar
’ vane 1H—Creseent A.C. v8, Kotekerbocker F.C., at
Hay Ridge; Columblan va Invineible, at Prospect
Park

June 23--Creseent A, C. vs. Columbian, at Pay
Ridge: Invinetbies vs, Knickerbocker F. C., at Pro
peet Park : »
June 30--Creseent A. C. vs, Invincible, atl has
Ridge: Columbian ws. Knickerbocker F, C, at Pros
pect Park

There Is No Disputing
the desirable associations formed through
using the advertising columns ot THE BUN, A
oalerof THe SUN may be relied upon as an
dependent American citizen,—Ade,

 

 

  

  

ENGLISH STUDENTS WIN,

ONLY ONE VICTORY AND A DRAW
ECREDITED TO THE AMERICANS,

 

The Twe Harvard Players Score the Points
for the Home Team ~Aastell’s Exhibition a
Disappointment — Columbia's Representa-
tive Defeated by Ellis, the Oxontan,

According to expectations the International
chess match by cable between Amertoan and
Britlah universities resulted in the defeat of
our students yesterday afternoon, and in an
{gnominous manner, too, The score wos 4%
gavestols. Nowthat the contest Is over, it
becomes apparent that the American inatitu-
tlons,as represented by Columbia, Harvard, Yala
and Princeton, are not able to furnish sufficient
chess talent to combat successfuliv the players
of Oxford and Cambridge, more especially
when the strongest players are left off the
team. Theabsence of Perry of Harvard and
Falk of Columbia was, of course, unavoidable,
but it would have been most fortunate had the
four universities been in a position to resort to
outside aid, by bringing in one or twoof the
clever players that are known to be affiliated
with other inatitutions,

Of the flve gamea that had to be played to a
finish yesterday not one waa placed to Amer-
ica’s credit, and Rice of Harvard was the only
contostant who could increase the over-night
total by haifa point. Ha tried his best to force
an unpromising position, but found himself
foiled at every step by Tuttorsall’s steadiness,
The defeat of Cook of Yale was not unexpected,
as was that of Hunt of Princeton. Hopes, how-
ever, had been entertained tor BSewall of
Columbia, but these were diapelled. The most
disappointing game was that of young Austell
of Yale, who had been puton the team at the
last moment, Though victory was several
times within his grasp he repeatedly missed
his chances and lost.

The match was concluded shortly after 5
o'clock, when Rice, seeing that his efforts to
force a win wore futile, cabled an offer of a
draw and atthe same time congratulated the
English team upon its vietory, The usual
congratulatory messages were exchanged be-
tween the ofMfleials at both enda, Including
Umpire Chadwick, Manager Libaire and
Isane 1. Rice, the donor of theatrophy, andthe
American umpire, L. Hoffer, and Secretary
Cope of the British Chess Club in London,
Secretary Cope cabled that the English players
and spectators had given three hearty cheers
forthe American universities. In consequence
ofthe defeat the Rice trophy will remain in
Fngland, in the eustody of Oxford and Came
bridge, for another year.

When the Americans started yesterday morne
ing. they hnda hopeless task before them. All
that was left tothe players and to the specta-
tors assembled at the Knickerbocker A. C.'s
theatre wastonursea forlorn hope, andthis, as
it very quickly ¢ranspired, did not pan out, On
the contrary, itdid not take long to convince the
most sanguine ofthe home “rooters” that their
favorites were doomed to defeat. One game had
already been disposed of through the excellent
efforts of young Hopkins of Harvard, and it
was hoped that this victory would be added to,
at least tothe extent ofone more game, inas-
much as Austell of Yale was considered to have
an excellent chance to make a strong hid fora
win, On the other hand, the games of Hunt of
Princeton at board two and Cook of Yale at
board four had been given up as practically
lost. OF the other two conteata Rice of Har-
vard ree@ive! no possitie chance of doing any
better than to secure 4a craw, although tha
first thing yesterday morning he returned
Tattersall’a compliment of the day before by
deol uinga draw, thinking it waahis duty to
continue the fahtioa finish, Later in the day
he persisted in Keaping to his place, when the
prenee was Again given to him todivide the
yonors

Keally the pivotal game was that between
Sewall, the junior player from Columbla, and
Eiiis of Oxford, at the third board, Though
matters did not look promising for the New
Yorker the contest was of such an undecided
character as to warrant the hone that fortune
might turn Sewali's way. As it turned out,
however, the latter proved to be the first
vietim in. the morning, His resignation
came at 11:48 o'clock, when, finding himself
unable to withstand the determined assault
brought to bear upon. his position by
the Oxontan, aided by the combined
action of two «advanced passed pawna,
he ylelded to the inevitable. His only
hope had rested on the chaace that his
opponentin furthering hie attack should leave
hisown king suffictentiy exposed as to permit
the Columbia man to get alook in. Ellis, how-
ever, proved too careful @ man and never gave
to him the opportunity. This tled the score at
one game for each side

‘The nest man to @o inder was Cook of Yale,
who had all morning mate the beat of his hone-
lesa position. The weight of advantage, how-
ever, was altogether toogreat for him tocontend
against, and, though he held out until shortly
after noon, he was obliged to succumb in the
end, His conqueror, George of Oxford, had
niayed a capital game throughout, though it
must besaidthathe wot the upper hand only
because of poor judgment on the part of the
New Haven player, At the same time he re-
tained his advantage to the Anish. This put
America behind in the seore, the Oxford-Cam-
bridge team having then tallied 2 points to 1

The third Yankee student to lower his ecolora
was J B Hunt of Princeton. He, too, was in
sore distress when he started off in the morn-
ing and found it impossihve to beeter his con-
dition, Having lost the exchange and with his
king ina precarious position in the centre of
thy beard it was merely a question of time
when he should give in. Softiaw, his opponent
hat Qand R bearing on the adverse king anc
moreover, had full control of the QB fle, the
only point where the American could hope for
relief, It wae simply a case of being tied hand
and foot, and Softlaw won nshe pleased, The
score now read: Englishmen, 4: Americana, 1,

Twogamesrema nedto be foneht out at the
resumption of the play, after the juncheon ade
journed, namely Those between Riee and
Tattersall, at board 1, and Austelland Wiles,
at board . The latter was naturally the
most interesting of the two, inasmuch as he
had some hopes of bringing about another
American viecory, Anastell’s exhibition was tn
marke l contrast tobias conduct of the game
on tie preceding day when he surprised
the talent by giving evidence of the pos-
session of vonsiternble ingeanlty  eom-
bined with atendeney toadop! toreein! taeties,
\erterday bis play was of a most uncertain
kind, and he missed innumerable chances to
bring about a successful issue. He greatiy
disappointed his admirers by failing to fulffl
their expectations, and inthe end, afteran up
and down sort of a contest, he pald the
penalty for his oversight by losing the
game It must b+ said that at times
the positions were somewhat difficult to
handle, andthe nieety required to meet the
emergencies would have taxed the ingenulty
of players More expert than he, Atthe end he
was left witha bishop and two passed pawna
against Wiles's rook, the latter, hawever, also
having & passed pawn on the QR file” Mis-
managing the plavat this point, Austell per.
mitted the Englishman to block off the two
advancing pawns and finally to exchange hia
rook forthe opposing bishop, thus leaving a
clear road forthe white pawn to queen,

This made the score 4 to 1 against America,
and Rice forthwith cable? Tuttersall an offer of
a draw. This being accepted the final totals
were brought up to 4% for Oxtord and Cam-
bridge and 1‘: forthelropponents, The scores
follow:

FIRST ROARD—-Q P OPENING
Kick, TATTERSALL, Hli#, TATTERSALIL.

 

 

 

Harvard. Cambridge Harvard Cambridge.
White Hiack, Waite Black
1P-Q4 P--Q4 20 B 9: Q Ha
2P-K 5 P-h3 30 B a R-R4A
3 BQ Kt-K BS 819 Q2 R-—R3
4QKi-Q?2 P-Qha Yoh RRA Ki
SP-QUS Kt-BS HR W2 P-KR4
4P-hKB4 HH-Ke 54 B-B2 HKG
7 QKI—-K BIKi-K 5 oy KS QQ b2
AHKt-KOP-KB4 36 Q K Q- 2
i B-Qe Castles 47 D-hkS w-RS

10 Castles H-Q2 ssQ KB Y-Qe

11 Heis K R S9RQS) KB2R-hB

iP QRS P-BS $0 Re-Ist R-KB4

18 H-QH2 H--K Kt 41 P-R3$ k- RS

MahekK P KK 42R- R22 nt 2

15 R-K I P-Kt SKE KP a P

1A Kt-hkS Int x Kt 44 HxFk Q Wes

WEPxskt Y-KH 45k 2 HR-Ke2

{[AUxK HiPah 46h IN 2 h-Kte2

19 Ki- Na Q RA 47Q-KR K-he

20 P-KKt§ QR KB 48 Q-K Bb-RS5

21Q@- Qo HK Kid a9 R-Ra Kt

22 8-Q?2 Wem Kt 50 R-Kt2 BS

21 K Q Kits 51 Q-K2 K-H
1Q yY K 52 K-Kt K-K2
yy HORS SOK Be Kk -

‘ fe B 4 ‘4H KR Son
t4 mh OQ Kt3
28QR-B2 Q- Ks i ews
SECOND BOAR) -FRENCH DEFENCE

SOFTLAW HUNT, SOFTLAW, HUNT,

Cambridge Princeton, Cambridge, Princeton,
White Biack White Black,

v=} =K st o1K K2 YP KRS
br Qa si ht QR4 BRS
Kt-k 194 2255 Kid Q@ QB?
KKt Q2 2iha kK nals
PQ Halt si
Ki-Q 5 Q hs WaPech
HhrP ah Kt--Q2 Q Kes
Custles -' H Qi Y-K 3
PrP KES 5b’ bid Ih Q2
HW au ki BS ib Ktdach
Int SOK K Hx Ke
V-QRA StRAK h-K

Kt. K 2 42 R—-R 2 K-Q
KKreKted As Kiet 3 Kt~—th2
Kh-—K M4 Kt-Q4 Ki-Qa
Kt-R M Rap b-H2
Pakti 6 Rx Kt RR
Kt ha A7 KtaP Q-H2
Q-Kk2 (38 Nalco Nesigas

 

THIRD BOARD—PETROFP DEFENCE.

2 Kt-K HS

Rx
aS
axl!

—y o.
i

coz

Dean tTe

SPN e@VFeurn—ocos4

RO

ee eee ee
a

=e

§ GAMBIT DECLINED,

>
2

»
2
*
2
2

FOURTH BOARD KING’

 

CO=Of7

Menlo
ery
=-_ =

=e

 

~K Kita P-B4

co

SBVSAVS Vis- OO S+19 4H
esr

seoset

t203—-— ee
st
aa

o

FIFTH BOARD KING'S BISHOP'S OPENING,

crn

OOCOLlO

BS Ki-Kk BS

=

KBSB KS

felotsistersrststet———

Seu see en—

OV Sra OST BAAR Hee
male st

QVKt-B3 Qa Pech

SIXTH BOARD—KING'S BISHOP'S GAMBIT?

 

Réch H-K3

o-
> te SD RIS VS Te

ro--

 

R—-KKt&chK—R 4

fotatetatatotctststs

Crus Fes

 

The London Tournament.
Spectal Cadle Despatch to THE SUN

Lonpon, April 21.—~To-day waa devoted to
playing off the adjourned games in the City of
London cheas tournament and
swere eight additional results recorded
mann beat Physick, Lee beat Jones, Tietjon
beat Passmore, Teichmann bent Lee, Lawrenca
beat Tietjen and Blackburne and Lawrenceid
Ward and Van Vilet, and Ward and Mason

in all there

| move was mac

 

The scores up to date follow:

1% | Passmore

 

 

 

Strong Track Team for N. ¥. U.

The prospects arethat the New York Uni-
versity will havea successful track team this
Yesterday morning the trials for the
Philadelphia relay team were held on the new
The race resulted in a

G. M. Traite,
Reese, ‘U1, third, ands,
T. Barron, 1900; fourth, Those men will con:
stitutethe team and Kullsson, law, will #ct as
Three other events were run off

track at Ohfo Field.
victory for Capt. Denchfleld, 'O1,
‘OS, was second; KJ

100-Yard Dash-Won by F. A
M. Simpson,
Hammer Throw

B. Fernald, '0},

Funk, ‘03, second: M. G. Soosen, ‘OS, third

The plan ofthe University Athletic Associa.
tion to hold tnterscholastic games on May 4
has been abandoned because the Princeton A
A. will have games on the following day,

lace of these games there will beadual meet

atween the freshmen and sophomores of the
date set for the Hamilton

A. Young, ‘v1
E, De La Mater, '01;

univeraity.
dual meer is May 12.

“Pinky Evans Whips Jack Kelly.

YONKERS, April 21.-At the Waverly A. C
night ‘Pinky” Evansof Yonkers and Jack Kelly of
New York city metin a twenty round bout at 117

In the preliminary bout Vineent Nardy and
neh, both of Yonkers
nthe stellar bout Kelly was seven pounds
like whirlwinds,

tle punehed the
hstraightleftsin the face for eight
rounds until Kelly's nose was erimson.
twelfth round Bvans hid bis man down twee, the
Kelly's seconds threw up the
e when the thirteenth round was called.
eclared the winner

fought a s!x-round

Evans showin
New Yorker w

dell saving him

Yachting Notes,
Frederick Brown has named bis new 25 footer Al

John R._Drexel's steamer Sultana is being over-
hauled at Tebo's,

Wilson Marshall's schooner yacht Atlantic ts being
Teplunked at Green
Herbert Balientine'’s
nearly ready & goin commission

George B. Wilson of Philadelphia has purchased
the steam yacht Anita of John H. Flagler

‘The steam yacht Shemera, recently chartered by
Amel L. Barber, will leave Southampton shortly for

steam yacht Juanita ts

A. H. Wilsons baving a sloop 39 feet on the water
line built at Polllon’s yard for racing on the Great

John T, Willlams has ordered hts sailingmaster to
fit out the steam yacht Embla, whieh ts now at Meln-

Howard Gould's steam yacht Niagara ts being
overbauled in the Erie Basin and will be ready about
the middie of next month

Alfred Petes, Jr.'s, new 30-footer, being built at
Wood's yard at City Island, from designs by B. BR,
Crowinshieid, will be ready by Decoration Day.

‘The new 70 footer being built at Herresboffs for W
is to be named Virginia
boat In this class the

K. Vanderbilt, Jr
Jus Vanderbilt will name his

The Uxecuttve Committee of the Yacht Racing
Assoclation of Long Island Sound has elected ¢
Pierce chairman, ©. P
Mower measurer

The steam yacht Enterprise, which was recently
» and Nelson Perrin of Baltimore,
outfora long ocean cruise
pected that she will be gone two for years,
Fidridge has chartered the
Willlany Hester
last year for the

yurehased by &
s belng fitted

steam yacht
Willada from Col
yut in commission late
She was built from designs by Gardner & Cox

The 20 foot sloon Maris, recently built by

from desiens by Clinton Tt fora Charlestor

 

being tuned up forthe races for the Interetty eup
are being made
steam yacht Kismet
lengthened 4 feel 6 inehesand
‘The deck latches are also
ehooner being butlt for. §

hou-e ts Leing
the forward one 4 feet

The work on the

 

essing favorabls
ary Smith and bs 1
will be used for lone oeran cruises
clhubbouse of the Hudson River Yaeht Cl
forrsnlly opened for the vaso:
"Two cathoats, !
Stveighdregers and the Mermaid, owned by Jolin Row
ley, are in commission and are at anchor inthe Hud

10 feet on the wate

 

bullt for H. ©. Have
meyer by Herreshoff, whieh ts to be used on the Great
ewdaysago and sailed ina
This boat is like
lone overall

South Bay, was trled a
way satisfactory to her designer
the old skimming dishes

The }tussar tl, bein tby Tom Webber at New
Rochelle for Jame
May !4, but will be almast teady to goin com
and the Inte cor
nearly completed

The Hussar it
*twa boats that are
class by Herresi

The members
some tune ado cectied that !t was necessary to en
thelr house at © Hewe
dd another wing tothe
Monday and tt wil be

pened for the

Tu the new portion the
the first Moor, sleeping rooms on

® observation room on the top boos.
Addition will be $4,500, ,

 

IKrliekeorhoe.wer

Point and plans were

completed before the hows
on [eeoration Day
adining room oF
the second and
The cost of t

THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 22, 1900.

HARVARD'S TRACK CHANCES

PROSPECTS POORER THAN THEY
HAVE BEEN FOR FOUR YEARS,

In the Games With Yale the New Haven Men
on Their Past Record Should Win Every
Track Event Except Two-The Crimsons
May Improve in the Final Preparation.

Campnripor, April 21.—The Harvard track
team has begun the last stage of ita prelimi.
nary training before going ucainat Yale on
May 12. Old Holmes's Field, the scene of the
Crimson track triumphs and defeats in tho
past, has been left forever for the new home on
Soldiers’ Field by the Charlos, and before long
the spot where Wendel! Baker, Evert Wendell,
Gannett Wells, Billy Downs, Eddy Bloss, Mer-
rill, Evan Hollister and many another cham-
pion who Wore the crimson on his chest has
triumphed will be given over to the new build-
ings which the rapid expansion of the Law-
rence Scientific School has made necessary, A
few of the jumpersand sprinters are at work on
the old Neid, but when the team returns from
its spring recess all the work will be done on
op the new fleld.

At potime within the past four years has the
prospect for an evenly balanced team been so
poor as at present, and it can now be said of
Harvar! what was impossibie to say of her
since she began ber career on the track and
fleld by sending men to compete at the inter-
colleginte txtures many years ago, that she
has not one champion to represent her. In
times past there has always been at least one
man who waa peerless in his event and recog-
nized ae such by the entire country

The spring Interciass and university games,
too, have failed to bring forth any phenomenon,
although much was thought of Haigh, a fresh.
man, in the dashes and quarter mile, but since
he has been tried out it is seen that, while he
lays over most of the other Harvard runners,
much of hia success is due to the mediocrity of
his competitors rather than to any exceptional
apeed on his part. Sprague, another freshman
from St. Paul's School at Garden City, had a
great reputation when he entered in the fall,
and maintained it just so long as the running
Was on paper, but since the scene of operations
has been transferred to the track he bas failed
to make good, The boy, it is true, has some

ability and might do something after a year or
ao of seasoning ip ‘varsity company, but un-
fortunately St. Paul's sent one A, W. Robinson
here, who, asa freshman inthe epring of “1s,
won the Harvard-Yale games and ran @ 10-
second heat at the Mott Haven games.) Hewas
astur sprinter, but he left the university to
enter business at the end ofthat year

When Sprague came to Harvard comparisons
hegan to be made between the two men on tha
hasis of some sehoolboy competition much to
Rorague'’s favor, and the ind got to bellaving
thathe could run in ten seeonds whenever
he chose. Comsequentty he did littie or no
work during the winter when the other. men
were conditioning themselves to atand the
early training. About two weeks befora the
apring games he began work, but would not
comperain the interciosa conteata owing to
lack of condition, His fintsh arrived on the
day of the university games, when he beoke
down, and jis at present laid up with a eplit
muscle in hisleg. He ts not likely to baofany
service tothe team,and could not beat elther
Blount or Dupes of Yale if, he were at his est,
This leaves Harvard with A. M. Butler, 1200,
Haigh, "03, Marris, 1000, Barnes, graduare stu-
dent, and Robbins to take care of the “bun.
dred Butler has shown beatol the lot ig the
two sats of games that have been held, bet his
limit fsa fast 102-5 seeonda. The othege are
att! slower, For the 220 dash Butler, tris
and W.G. Clerk, “Ol, are the beat. Clerk lays
over the rest of the field byayard orsu. His
lim t is 25 seeonds, which 129 complete exposie
tion of Harvard chances in this event.

Haieh, who hae been mentioned as having
considerable sprinting ability, has been trana-
ferred tothe quarter-mile permanentiy, This

4. neceserry by the sickness of
another promising freshman, M. T. nit ed

 

who seemed to be very promising unth tBken
down withthe mumps. W. Clerk is aléo do-
ing well, with A. L. Dean, 1900; PL. Fish, 'v!
and H. G. Winslow next'up. These men trance
inspeedtirom a fair 52 seconds to 53 anda
fraction. From their previous work there does
not seem to be any ground for belief thatany-
one of them can beat 51 seconds in a race truly
run. Harvard has always been considered
strong in the middle distance eveuts, but this
seems an off year for her

In the half-milethe team has had conalfer-
able hard juck. M. D. Whitman, the tennis
champion, who fs now in the law sehool, has
been abla at any time during the Inst three

 

| years to take the same stand aa a middle-dia-

tance runner as he basin tennis, but he finds
his work tn the law school so exaccing that he
has no time forathictics, &, H. Bush, 01, who
has been atendily improving and getting down
soasto be ableto better 2 minutés, unfarth-
nately broke theareh of hia foot down, an in-
tury by no means peculiar to tig, heavy run-
ners, Lathrop consequently bas been com-
pelled to change C.J, Swan, '01, from the ona-
mile run to the half. Swan ean do about 2
ninutes and as many seconds; but Adans of
Yale Ought to heat him easily. Ledyard, Tao;

lakemore, (3, law; Draper, HOO; and Ap
plegate, (O), are all inthe "2 minute and 4
second or probably better’ class,

Lathrop, who had a pretty good chance to
judge Smith of Yale last summerin England,
thinks him the best one-mile runner at either
Harvard or Yale. Dick Grant, who has rig for
Harvard in previous years, says he is eligilie
for the team, but te is in an imbreglio with the
medical author ties of which ~ living mortal
has yet been able to make head ortail. He
wasallowed to run in the untversity gapies,
but whether he can substantiate his right to
represent the institution inthe dual gam@ ian
queation that must be left to the futupe for
settlement. In ease he runs Harvard ahould
have the one-mile und two-mile fairly a@fely
housed, The hest of the one-mile runperg are
H. B, Clark, Oland H. RB, Knowlea, 02. Both
can go better than 4 minutes and 45 secends,
De L. P. White is not running.

In the two-mile, H, W. Foote, who ecompated
in England Jast year, is running better than 10
minutes. and _12 seconds and should wih the
event. ©. \\, Richardson, law school, {s very
alose to Foote and should get second place.

The hieh and low hurdles are not going to ba
the cinch for Harvard they have been ia the
past. The injury to Converse, whoasa h-
man Jaat year won the low event in the Yaie-
Harvard games _at New Haven Just sprin pad
who, next to Kraenziein is the fastest low
huriler in Amartcahas weakened both ewenta
considerably. Converse had ideo! form and his
epeed and confidence had increased wonder-
fully ainee jist year, He un ortunately devel.
oped vwrupture which endshis carcer asa track
athlete. thes ieave:the bur ten of both evants
on J, W, Hallowell, O1, the university and rush,
Heecan win the low event, but itis a great qnes-
tion between himara Fincke inthe high, JOG
Willis, ‘02, is running in both events and is
seoond munto tiniowell, Webb, a sophomore,
and G, G, Hubbard, the golf expert, are seco.d
etring taen in each :

In summing up the track events, Yale, on
what her men have done in the past, should
get first in every one except the two-mile and
the one-mile, eontingenton Grant’scompeting
She ought also receive a good share of thea sec.
onda and thirds, Harvard should win the low
hurdles, but as Pincke develops earder than
Hallowell, who fa a warm weather runner,
Yale should wet one of the two events, This
senda the two teams to the fleifevents for the
finalstrugale, Inthe high yump, Capt. ALN,
Kiee, Lo0o, and CC. M, Kotch, ‘OD, should get
first and second, Pllis, if he gets his form
may be third. In the vad jump, Harvard
should win with Rist or lay if he gets
around in time tocompete J, H, Shirk should
jpmpany man Yale ean produce very hard jor
third place

In the shot the same trouble developed with
men oltayear’s standing as did with the fresh-
men sprinters, namely, a lack of desire to do
work during the fsprng months, be f
Yale eould beat any man Harvard could pro-
duce exeept H. PL Cochems, the former Uni-
versitv of Wiseonsin athlete, whols ineligible
Therefore the event should be Vale's, but the
inaetion of the Harvard putters bas givena
ehanee to Francis to davelop, so that he iaale
most sure of second place, Fllis of Harvard
should pet third pla Yale should gee
the hammer throw wah Stillman, seeond
with feck ound poseibly third with
Gordon Lrown, the ftoorbal: guard, Boal of
Harvard, who is throw og erratiqaliy, may eon.
test this with him, bute that is Harvard's only
ehanee ‘Yr a point The pole vanle will be
Yale's untess WOW. Hovt should deeide to @ive
upenoughof his time in ther Hreal school to
con pete, In which case be should Dave sea@ond
pliee Thisgivesto Vale a sight majority in
the feild events, whieh, with the tra ndvan-
tage, she igivethe gamestothat team by a
comfort smargin

The w that is in preparation may put the
Hoervard team on its feet, and tt muy mukea
betrer showing than any! purtioipatee, jie
in the past the two annual setsotepring games
have told) pretty ‘urately what the team
would do and there has rarely been much
difference when if came to the time to go
aguinat the blue stockings For this reason
every one here ia tuking @ far from roseate
view of the situation

 

   

   

   

    

 

 

 

Wrestling.

A new foreign wrest ill soon reneh here, He hails

 

from Greece andis know essionaliyas “tiercules

 

the Second.” Tomer Ret Wil manage the athlete
from over the sea. Aceve mart Ive
welche 490 pounds stripped, i. 4 ea fos a
Gfeet 2inches tall Hel Ally t and is
so strong ihath fers $ t person Who ¢

extricate a ten dobar Gold f e wheel he will ot

 

       

tween his linger He es bat ity a ear
1 weighing 50% pounds a ’ r ‘ Jer ands
200-p und cannons in tae left hand —

arty rt ind we OM Routh

say his protege Is anexpert wre tier and is crediter
j} with having thrown th Terrible Turk’ in three

j minutes. (O'Rourke will mateb tim against any
‘wreatier in the business.

SPALDING APPOINTED DIRECTOR,

Tho Well-Known Bicycle Magnate Will Guard
America's Interest at Paris.

Ferdinand W. Peck, the United States Com-
missioner-General to the Paris Exposition, sprung
4 surprise yesterday by announcing the appoint
mont of Albert G. Spalding of New York aa Di
rector of Athletics to the United States Commis
Mr, Spalding will sail for Paris shortly
and aupervise on behalf of America that part of
the international programme of athictics, sports
and games in which athletes from this country
will participate

Some time ago there was an active canvass
Hamburger and William
Hale Thompson, both of Chicago, for the office
which has now been tendered unsolicited to Mr.
The claims of both parties were set-
tled by the statement made by Commissioner
Peck that he had no thought of creating such an
oMcer as Director of Athletics,
importance of the athletic features of the Fxposd
tion haa increased, and the wiedom of Commiasion-
er Peck's appointment is generally recognized

There has been arranged a very liberal pro-
gramme of sporta to be carried outin Paris during
the year, and as America will furnish almost 25
per cent. of the total entries for the athlevie portion
of the programme, itis no more than fair that the

 

made on behalf of Col

Since then the

ould carefully guard
can athletic interests, and that man is Mr. Spal

should be one who

brom boyhood he had been in touch with athlet
Inhisday he was one of
layers, and is
& member of
He has stucccessfully

jes of all descriptions.
America’s most famous baseball
now a leading manufacturer anc
rominent clubs.
such ventures before, and
the championship games
It was ALG

strumental in havin,
held at the World's
Spalding who successfully guided for years the
desuny of the National League of Professional
Baseball Clubs.
inent 4s a pastime and recreation, Mr Spaldings
abilities were turned in that direction,
has been an important figure in American cycling
He was President of the National Cycle
Board of Trade and organized the Amorican
was its first President.
He is a practical golfer, a leading member of the
Midlothian Go.f (lab of Chicago and the Sea-
understands
of the game and will be as perfectly at home in
looking out for the American golfers interests
abroad as he will be for
or the athletes,

The events arranged for comprise not only ath
letic games of all kinds, but bicycling, automo-
shooting, fishing,
flying, rowing, yachtin
procrammes in Inglis

When cycling

Bicycle Company and

life-saving, &e ,
will soon be issued
sail for Paris in about a week,
Inquivies may be addressed to him at the New
York office of the Paris Exposition Coramission,
120 Browlway Paris office, 20
Rapp, Paris, France

INTERNATIONAL TENNIS AT TUXEDO,

 

A Card From Mr. Miles Regarding Himeelf and
the Prospect for Visitors,

To mr Enron or Tar Sun
been alluded toin Tye BUN As aecretary of the
Turedo Tennis and
had intended to hold that position, provided that
it could be exactiv analogons
Lacy, the amateur
the Marylebone Cricket (lub, better known asthe

racket Club \t onetime l
to the position
who is secretary

some question arose with regard to
status, 1 decided to avcept no official
1d to receive no salary
vernors of the club

dependent of the offidial negotiations that are
{nu progress, to eet a Britlah team to take part
an international
Tdo not know that this is quite the ea-e
toget_ my friendstocome here, suchas Mahony,
but the idea of an
international tournamént at Tusedo hus not vet
auiite possible that
may be one, but, on the other hand, it is quite

tournament

sand Nethir

been formed

mittea may

ey also wish the English players
to sea and to play the court-tennis court at
for Mahony
promi @ as court-tennis players
Tam waiting foray answer from Mahony and
and Burke as
lawne-teniis

considerable

chance of their doing so
Voigt tells me that Mahony and some others
are likely to be at Newport this year

TUXEDO, April 20

there is every

Pesracre H. Mines,

Athletic Affairs at Columbia,

Athletic affaira at Columbia University are
presenting a more promising aspect as each
team enters the period of strict training.
tavus T. Kirby of the Alumni Advisory Com-
mittee, which has rented Columbia Field, will
put men at work this week in fitting up the
grounds so that they will soon be ready for
The middle cistanee run-
ners have now rejoined the track team squad,
which is practically completa with about thirty
Owing to the incapacity of Clark,
Mosenthal, on

training purposes

Jeliinghaus and
stress of college work, the two-mile team has
been withdrawn from the championship race
University of Pennsylvania's
The one-mile team will ran, however.

ger Shoemaker announees the schedule for the
track team as follows:

28, Relay race against Cornell,
State College
OM Pennsyivanta
annual *prineg games at Co
Columbia Willams Cornell tran
gwar mert, at Ridgefield Park
bia-Princeton dual mee atColumbla Field: 26, Inter
collegiate games, at Mamhatian fled

The crewa on the Harlem are showing rood
awih@ and

ave heen pretty wall obrained, and
is now attemp ing to gota hard leg-drive at the
finiah of the stroke and at the same time to
prevent the men from @ashing out.

Yesterday the
held tts first run to |

the Western
Philadelphia: May

automobile club
Kight machines
ry W. Sboe-
Vorthington,

veatdent H.
maker and Vice-President W. 0
The return wae madato Columbia fleld ro see
the Colum bia-Princeton baseball game,
Arrangements Are being made to senda team
of markamen to gompete in the intarco legiate

shoota to select the club captain are being he'd
at the butts ar Columbia Oval, Wiliamabridge,
and the heat ecares uptodate have been made
‘OL; David

 

Keppel, ‘02, and HLS Willie, ‘OL,

Poly Prep’s Big Games.
Polytechnic Preparatory Sevool's
high carnival at Adelphi Avademy Field
yesterday and showed
Every event on the card was hotly contested, one
being atic at the endof the programmes, Dr Hammett
decided to hold the Anal Jumpoff in the gymnasium
to-morrow afternoon
Jones tied for the
Fach will receive a trophy In place of the single cup
whieh was to got» the largest winner of points

Weidmann and W
chief honors

10 Yard Dash
Weldmann, second; Halstead, third
Won by W.M Jones; P

111-5 seconds,
nfor Doys Under
1. Van Kleeck: L. ¥

Yard Dash, Sentor-Won by GO. W
7 5. Sehterenbeck,
27 45 seconde

&. Roberts, second:

Vard Dachfor Boys Mnder 15 Years
P. Reynolds, second: R. H. Torrey,
Time, & seconds

Quarter Mile Run y
G. Chase, tnird. ‘Time, 5725
af-Mile Run

I. Litehfleld, third. Mme, 2 minutes

 

 

Won by FS Roberts; W,

n@ the Twelve Pou

 

ning High Jump
Smith thas at $ feet

HS Roberts, seeond

ints seored were

> Smith, 2l6. WM. Halstead, 2

 

Callfornta Jockey Clob Investigating Alleged

KRANCISCH, April 2! The California

ght fave notice t

tOakland trac

PRINCETON, April 2} \ letter hag heen reerived
I fromthe management of the Wer California

bookmaker wh here with $a9

nt ex rider mas

 

thot he redasm™
The Jockey Club offeleis wiil not taik
Seusational developments are capected.

  

11
ene een enn eS

INTERCITY GOLF MATCH.

 

PICKED MEN TO PLAY FOR THE

M. G. A. AT PRILADELPHIA,

Important Changes Mado at the Newark A. C,
Women's Committee for Essex County
-~Announcements at the Coantry Club of
Westchester--Cup for Collegtans Gossip.

The Nowark A. C. has leased twenty-two
acres of additional jand for its golf course and
the old nine-hole links is belng changed to ore
of eighteen holes. Tho now course will have @
playing length of approximately 5,200 yarda,
The new lease includes anold double house,
which in recent years was made into two
single @wellings. It stands on Clinton avenue,
just west of the old Newark A, C, football,
baseball and tennis grounds, and it will
furnish excellent accommodations for the
golfers, Part of it will be reserved for women.
The plan is to have liquid refreshments served
there and a light luncheon on the days when It
is likely that players will want to spend the
entire day onthe links. Alexander Finny, the
Newark A.C. professional, will have his repate
shop in the clubhouse and will mako elubs
there alao. Some workmen began to make the
neceasary changes inthe links last Saturday,
and thie week many more have been employed
under the supervision of Finlay. The complete
plans for the transformation of the linka into
an eighteenshole course have not beer fine
ished, for the acquisition of a couple of addle
tlonal flelds last week altered the caleulations
which Finlay had made, The longest hole will
be about flve hundred and ten yarda—probably
the sixteenth. ‘The first toa and the home hole
will be near the clubhouse on Clinton avenue,
The flrat hole will Include the ground just te
the west of the old baseball and football flelda,
the former of which will not be used this year,
nor the latter until September. The improves
ments on the links will Include the removal of
sundry fences and considerable underbrush,
but Finlay says the course should be firat-
clasainamonthortwo, He is contemplating
changing the location of some of the putting
greens in order to get the best turf,

Harry Vardon ha® postponed his sailing for
Englund to May 5, on the Lucania.

Matches between individual clubs, notably
St. Andrews and the much-regretted Staten
Is!and Cricket and Laseball Club, againet
teams of pleked Philadelphia golfers, have been
a feature of other seasons, but this year, forthe
firat time. a formal semi-annual home-and-
home matter will be inaugurated. The declaton
to challenge for such a series of annual matches
was the result ofa resolution passed at the late
annual meeting ofthe M. Q& A.,and sinee then
I. H. Robertson, the Prasident, has been works
ine to makethe event asiuecess, Arden M, Rode
bins wae his deputy at the Atlantic City tournn.

ment and ha found the Philadelphians ar the
meeting who Ineludad_ such representative
Quaker City players as FH. Rohlen, W. 3

MeCawley, ROB. Griseoin and H. M. Forrest,
only to engertotake up the def, Sinea then
the Golf Clnb Learue of Philadelphia has
formally taken up the matter and an agree.
ment with the M.G. A. has been made to hava
the firet match on Saturday, Mav fi, with twelve
plaversonasidte, Aseofowlinksin the MG,
A. district are In condition so early in the
Reason the firat mateh will he plavel in Ph'lae
deiphin, on any links seleeted by the Golf
leacne. It im proposed that tha return
match will be in the fall on a links
tohe chosen by the M.A. Thereafter tna
home-and-bome mateh will Lea held annually,
The M. G. A, committee in charge of the
mateh is made up of Arden M. Robhina. W.
Fellows Morgan and R. H. Robertaon, Tt is
theohjast of the eommittan and of course of
every M.G. A. plaver, to selecta winning tenn:
for both eventa ofthe seriea” The number of
pinyers to be namedon each team makos the
event anopen ore, for, while the M.G. A. may
be able to head {te team with ve oralx ama-
teurs of quite the highest class, {t might
meet. defeat through the tail-eanders, for
the Philadeiphiana may make up in even
merita team that will offset the brilliant work
done bythe leaders on the MG. A. aide, On
this account the matches wil! he perhaps the
most important and interesting of the season,
Arden M. Robbing, it is expected, will be the
eaptainof the MG. A team, and in view of
the inter sity pramtpence of the event the
committee is honeful that the pavers selected
asthe hest posgihle available team will cancel
all other engagements to play in this match

Cant. Robbina hae aslectad the following
ftenm: Walter]. Travia, FS. Douglee, Ho ML
Harriman, RoC, Wateaon, Jr. FW. Menzies,
John Reid Jr, A. M Robbins, T. M. Roherte
eon, ©. M. Hamilton, Deverenux Emmet, HR
Hollins, Jr., and Jasper Lynch, The men will
play in the order named,

At tha annual meeting of the Knollwood
Country Club the officers elected wore: Prosle
dent, John D. Arehbold: Viee-Praeident, Paul
G. Thehand: Treasurer, Howard Willetts, and
Secretary, Frederick Bull.

Strong efforts aré being mada to arouse Ine
terest and enthusiasm among the women golfe
ers ofthe Essex County Country Club. A come
mittee has heen appointed conatating of Mrs,
Pdear Mo Carnriek, chairman; Mrs. Faward
F. Sanfort and Mise Georgianna Wilmerding,
and the purpose ia to have a team on the links
Thewoman’s season will be formally opened
on Mav lo with a foursome handicap tonrna-
ment. fifteen holes, mateh piny To ba anre of
gettingaproper handicaneach competitor must
hand in at least pwe aeores hefore April 80, oF
alee they will be eompelled to play from serateh,
Suitable prizea will be awarded by the golfeome.
mittes Annmber of eups have heen offered
by President Ward and others are promised,
Soup le ofered hy the wovernors for the lowe
est woman's ecorein the month, Asa feature
of the sport during Mav and Juana tea will he
served toall members of the gal! section every
Satucday afternoon after 4 o'clock, andanum-
ber of well-known @9o¢fety women have agreed
to pour, On each of these Saturday afternoons
there will be a woman's potting match até
o'eloek, for which the committea offers anit.
able prizes, The course is now being put in
gpd condition, and it fa thought that before
Mav Llthotur? will be strong and in excellent
shape for play

  
 

\lexander Morten, eaptain of the Country
Cinboft Weatehester, announces the following

 

events:

April 28- Handteap mateh agatost bogie, eighteen
holes yrsand guests Ineluding women,
Cy ed f omes foreups offered hy
club. Har A Dtecn toles, inedat play. Open
to membora and guests

May f- Handieap tarteh a@ainst bowle, eighteen
holes Open to wombers and guests, MIneluding
women. CAnto winoer

Miy 12> Mined foursomes for enos oTered by elub.
Hand Eighteen holes, mecol play Open to

 

menibers and gu

May 1.—Ilandicap match against bogte, eighteen
holes Onen to members and Quests, tneiuding
women, Cunto winner

May 06.-Mixed foursomes for cups offered by club
Handicap. Fighteen holes medal play Open to
membersand guests

Itaclubean be booked there will be a team
match on May 20. Meimnbera who wish to play
on the team should send in their names to the
golf captain.

Pratrierp, N. J., April 21.—The Golf Come
mitten ofthe Hilside Tenniaand Golf Club has
announead the schedule of competitions for
the season The course will be formally
opened on Apri 2) when there will be open
play fora prize forthe best score, The other
events are as follows

May 12, Serateh tournament, open to active meme
bers, 19, Van the werden Cup. 26. preliminary round,
Chapman Cup, 39, 10 A, M, Oestround match play,
Chapman Cup: and 2 P.M., semifinals, Chapman
Cup, June 2, finals for Chapman Cup; 9, Schoon-
maker Cup, 16. Retnbart Cup, 23, Gilbert Cup;
30, 19 A. M. Van Herwerden Cup; and 2
Po oM.. mea'sfoursome, duly. 4, Bogey handicap;
Sent. 8. Golf Committee Cup 8, Van Herwerden Cup;

 

 

1% Reinhart ip. 20, Golf Clup Cups: Oet 13,
Schoonmaker Cup, 27, Van Herwerden Cup; Nov. 3,
preitminary round, Chapman Cup; 6,19 M., first

round. mateh play, Chapman Cup. and 2 P. M., seml-
finals for Chaproan Cup, 19, finals for Chapman Cups
20, Gilbert Cup

The onen dates ara intended to be filled with
mateh games against well-known golf teams
in the metropolitan diateiet. KR. M, Shepard
hus been chosen captain of the team.

 

 

 

As the intercollegiate wolf tournament does
not come offuntit the fall, the Laurence Har-
por Golf Club has arranged f spring
tonrnament by offering a cup valued at
$250 to be competed for by collages teams exe
eluaively on May 1%. Columbia, Harvar!, Yae
Princeton, Untversity of Pennsylvania an
several otherco leges Will probably enter the
coupetition, Colum Sia’s team. is considerabiy
weakened at present, a8 93.2. Naab, Jr, ‘01, is
training with the crew and James A. Edwardes
japlaying baseball, A good underelass delaya-
tion, consisting of J Rhoades and W. L,
Glenny, 02, and G. C. Worthington, HL AH, Burs
diek, P. V. Raisbeck and J. G. Bates, Jr, Ie
now practising for several prospective team
matches

 

Track Men of University of California Accept
Princeton's Offer.

 

track team accepting Princeton's ¢ ve the
stiletic ield here at tts Atsposal during ui? s

| which t Westerners will spendin the haw

; Visiting team will be compoved of ten men and quat
ter. have been engaged for them ara thetr trainer
' wt frive here afew dys before May 12, 0n
whieh date thes have heen scheduled to compete witit
the Tiger ' ‘ mata here untilabout May
24, although tr vill also meet the track team of

Yale aud the University of Penn yivenia durtng their
flay. A California team spent two weeks baede

|] 105, when 1s defeated the nome men by 6 01g GEE