pr rR?

THE SUN, SUNDAY,

APRIL 22, 1900.

 

 

SOSOSS SOS SOS OFVSESOS SH SOO DPSS PS PIPSPSSHOSPSHOOGSOSSOSS 8909 0006600609600F5SSS SO SSSOESOOSOS DOSS HHO POOSOSES OOS HOODOO OHH HHOLDOOE SH OOO HOD ODODOL HHO DOOD OOD SOD OD OOOO DOE OO OLS HOOD ESOL UDOEOLODOD OOOO OOOOH OOO OOOOH OOO OOOOOOSS
POPP OVO PSCC VOOCOS SOO VOCEVOVOS VOSS VGUVOVOS SOOO HVOVOVOOOD

9900069000000000000000000000000

The

8

 

—

 

ae

 

Famous Persons
Who Have

 

(LONDON )

The Only Genuine Edition of the

ENCYCLOPAEDIA BRITANNICA

The Last Sets at Half Price.

Che Cimes has the honour to announce that the sets of the Encyclopaedia Britannica imported for distribution in America are being rapidly taken
and that the offer of the work at the special prices must shortly be withdrawn. The opportunity to secure the genuine work has been taken advantage
of by the same class of persons in this country as in Great Britain, where over 20,000 sets were purchased before The Times withdrew its offer. The
present offer in America applies only to the supply of sets now on hand, Those who desire the work at less than half the publishers’ regular prices
should file their orders at once. Further particulars concerning the work and the offer are given below.

Every intelligent person in England a

| THE SPECIAL OFFER OF THE TIMES. |

nd America knows that the Encyclopedia

Taken Advantage of the — Britannica is the most scholarly and useful work that has ever been published, and

Times’ Offer.

The following list of names repre.
sents afew among the 20,000 purchasers
of The Times’ issue of the ENCYCLO.
PADIA BRITANNICA, It is interesting
to note that in the list are some
of the most famous people now living,
and that a bargain in a great work 1s
appreciated even by the rich, the titled,
and the great.

fIn every instance the names repre-
sent Bona Fide subscribers for the work
at the advertised price. In no case
whatever was a set given away or sold
at the slightest discount. ]

The Marquis of Salisbury. Secretary of State

for Foreign Affairs and Prime Minister of |
England.

The Lord High Chancellor of England.
Rudyard Kipling. The noted author.
Princess Louise. Daughter of the Queen,

Alfred A. Rothschild, Of the great Rothschild |
Banking House. !

Lord Curzon. Vicerov of India and, next to the |
President of the United States, the most re- |
sponsible official in the world.

His Serene Highness Prince Louis of Battenberg,
The Lord Chief Justice of England.

Rt. Rev. Lord Bishop of Exeter and Over Half
the House of Bishops.

The Rt. Hon. Gerald Balfour.
of State for Ireland,

Sir E. G. Clarke. The distinguished Barrister;
formerly Solicitor General.

Sir Thomas Lipton. The latest challenger for
the America Cup.

Herbert Spencer. The greatest of living Eng-
Ish philosophers.

Friedrich Krupp. The head of the great Krupp
Gun Works, Essen, Germany.

Sir Edgar Vincent, K.C.M.G.
Egyptian administrator.

Sir Arthur Sullivan. Composer of “H. M.S. |
Pinafore” ani many well-known operas,

Justin McCarthy, M. P. The Irish Parliamen-
tary leader, novelist and historian.

Nephew and helr of the

Chtef Secretary

The celebrated

Coningsby Disraell.
former Premier.

His Grace the Duke of Northumberland,

Mr. D'Oyly Carte. Impresario of the famous
Gilbert and Sullivan operas.

Sir Edwin Arnold. The famous poet.
of “The Light of Asia,” &e.

The Earl of Dunraven. Former challenger for
the America Cup.

Lord Kelvin. ‘The greatest of living scientists.

Mr, Jerome K. Jerome. The well-known author.

Lord Arthur Charles Wellesley. Grandson of
“The Iron Duke,” Wellington.

The Rt. Hon, Sir Edmund Monson, British Am-
bassador to France.

Mr. Arthur W. Pinero and Mr. Henry Arthur |
Jones. The noted dramatic writers.

James Bryce, M. P. So widely known to
Americans from his work on “The American |
Commonwealth,”

Mrs. Humphry Ward. The greatest of living
English novelists.

Rear Admiral Lord Charles William Beresford.
Who distinguished himself in the bombard- |
ment of Alexandria. !

Prince Matzfeldt. German Ambassador to the |
Court of St. James.

H. H, Princess de Wagram.

His Royal Highness the
Gondal.

Author

Thakore Sahib of

AND 20,000 OTHERS.

 
    
    
  
  
 
      
      
   
       
          
          

piled trom the latest surveys

post free,

r

Che Cimes Atlas. — contains 115 pages

175 maps) and an alphabetical index of 130,000 names; Size of map
juare inches; size of volume, 161, x11",
V its authoritative foreign maps.
pound in half morocco, 34 Shillings Nett ($8.50), duty paid.

Che Times Gazetteer of the World.

tains nearly 1,800 double-column page
iable geographical and statistical information, Price,

Page, 10
value to Americans for

and most 1

 

’

th { 26 Shillings Nett ($6.50); half
Nett ($8.00

Q.
» duty paid.

 

War }
'
iimes (London

to any address upon receipt of the price.

 

of the work, and yet it was not ea

an inferior article.

OTHER PUBLICATIONS OF Che Cimes.
Che Cimes War Map of South Africa. - 2x} feet in size,

nted in ten colours and mounted on strong linen; carefully com
and authoritative in every way;
ndispensable tor those who desire to follow the progress of the con-
flict in South Africa, Price Six Shillings Nett ($1.50), duty paid and

Great Britain and the Dutch Republics. —7nhe tatest and
best statement of the points at issue in the present South African
iper, CO pages, $d (10 cents), post free.

+ publications may be seen at the American Office of The
200 Broadway, New York, or will be dispatched

that nothing but the price prevents it from

who can read the English language. Thre

of this greatest of reference works is now f
of every one.

The Ninth Edition of the ENCYCLOPDIA BRITANNICA
was the largest single venture that any publ
ever attempted. The work is in 25 large volumes, with
no less than 22,000 double-column pages and 10,000
illustrations, Its actual cost of production was over
$1,100,000. The price of the work in the cheapest
binding was fixed by the publishers at 637 ($179.45).
There was urgent need for so useful a work at a moder-
ate price.

ing house

A Great Opportunity.

A cheap imitation was not at all the end in view when |

The Times undertook to arrange for a special edition
v at first to
the price could be materially reduced without making
Two things, however, could be
done, and were,and they have enablet The Jimes to

e how

| offer the work at less than half the publishers’ price.

These were
First.—The Times brings the books straight from the

| publishers to the purchaser without the intervention and

consequent profit of bookseller, agent or middleman

In this case the purchaser saves all these protits in the
reduced prices at which he obtains the work.
Second.—When the Ninth Edition was first issued it

was printed one volume ata time, and in small quanti-
ties. On the other hand, Zhe Times caused to be
printed a very large edition, involving, in fact, the
largest printing and binding order ever given in Great
Britain or America, and the edition was published in
its entirety, and not volume by volume.

It would be impossible to offer the FNCYCLOPADIA
BRITANNICA at lower prices than those named by [he

| Times, without introducing inferior paper, presswork

and binding. In fact, no one but the original publishers
themselves, with their perfected plates already in hand,
could produce the 28 large volumes in perfect condition
at these prices.

Genuine Edition.

This is, brietly, the explanation of the remarkable
achievement by which the GENUINE edition of this
standard library of reference is brought within the
reach of the larger public. There is no change in the

| work itself to offset the remarkable diminution of

price. The volumes are in every respect as desirable
as those which have been sold at double the price
There has been no condensation, no abridgement. no
omission, Every word, every illustration, every map,
every element ot value is preserved intact. The paper
is as good, the presswork is as good, the binding is a
good; there is not the most minute cheapening of the
product to offset the remarkable diminution in price.

Moreover, and most important of all,the sets at present
offered by he Zimes, at half price, are the only ones now
furnished to any one anywhere in the world by the pub-
lishers, Messrs. A. & C. Black, of London and Edinburgh,
who expended the immense sum of $1,100,000 on the
work. No sets other than those printed from the plates of
the Messrs. Black are or can be genuine,

The Times can offer in the United States a limited

| number of sets of the genuine authorized edition of the

ENCYCLOPADIA BRITANNICA at the same price aS in
England and with duty paid, Those who took
vantage of the offer of The Times in Great Britain
included the most prominent people—as is shown by
the list of names in the tirst column of this announce-
ment. Persons of corresponding prominence have taken

‘
due

| advantage of the offer in the | nited States,

Monthly Payments.

The ENCYCLOPADIA BRITANNICA appeals not or ly to

| the wealthy and the famous, but to all intelligent per

sons everywhere. Many, however, cannot afford to
pay even the reduced prices in one cash payment. To
such Tha Times makes the special offer of monthly
payments in small amounts. Upon receipt of $3.10 1

pon tt OPP LP PLP APP PLP LPP PPPS

Cloth Binding,
Publishers’ price was £37], ar
the Bookcase, $97.00 (20)

Half Morocco, $101.85 (£2
the Bookcase, $116.40 (624),
Full Morocco, $135.80 (62

Edges Publishers’ pri
665}; with Bookcase $150.35 |

{tho
jtne

of maps (comprising

inches: Of Spc
Price,
Cloth Binding. 17 Monthl
11x74, inches in D
s, includes the latest ments of $5.10 each

Half Morocco Binding Wy
recommend), 21 Monthly P:
of $8.10 (ome guinea) each,
the Bookcase, 24 Month!
of $5.10 (one guinea) each

Full
possible binding), 28 Month
ments of $5.10 (one guinea)
with the Bookcase, 31 Month
ments of $5.10 each.

morocco, 32 Shillings

Prices for Cash Payments,

$82.45 (£17)

Publishers’ price was £45], anc

ments of $5.10 (one guineas «
with the Bookcase. 20 Monthiy

Morocco Binding (the best

being in the hands of all educated persons
yugh the enterprise of Che Cimes ( London),

‘this barrier of price has been temporarily removed, and a set of the GENUINE edition

or the first time brought within the reach

» be paid in monthly pay-
1 guinea) each, the complete twentv-
to the purchaser, Any one
sires to avail himself of this method of monthl
the order blank which ap-
announcement, and send it,

' (one guinea), the balance t
ments of $5.10 (or
five volumes will be sent
who d
payments has only to fill in
pears at the end of th
accompanied by cheque or other form of remittance of
$5.10, to the American office of The Times (London),

1990 Broadway, New York. The purchaser will then
enjoy the use of the EXCYCLOP.£DIA BRITANNICA w hile
he is paying for it.

A pamphlet, containing Specimen Pages, Coloured
Plates and Brief kLatracts from the ENXCYCLOPADIA
BRITANNICA, will be sent free upon application it the

coupon below is tilled out and mailed to the American
Office of The Times (London), 290 Broadway, New
York. Sets of the work in the different stvles of bind-

ing may also be examined at the above address.

THE SPECIAL

  
 

 

“To own a set of The Encyclopaedia Britannica ts to acknowledge one’s self as recognizing the b

a _— . - —eeon ~ ANA

RAL ALARA ALLL ALP

WHAT THE WORK IS.

No one questions the fact that the Encyclopadia Britannica is in every sense the |
greatest Library of Reference in the world, but why it is so and how it came to be |
Fortunately the reason is so simple that it can be told |

so are not so widely Known.
in a few words.

The ENCYCLOPADIA BRITANNICA is the matchless prod-
uct of a long and splendid evolution, For over a
wundred and twenty-tive vears the work of improy
ment, enlargement and enrichment has been going on,
until now the Ninth or last Edition is as perfect as work
of man can be.

The Contributors.

A glance ata list of names of the eminent men and
the dav, or at the important articles or books
scholars and
men of science, willalways demonstrate to the mind one
striking fact: No matter how diverse their occupations
may be, the greatest names in every field of activity are
to be found among the contributors to the ENCyYCLO-
P.EDIA BRITANNICA,

Consider, indeed, what must be the character of a

women of
which have been written by contemporary

work which embodies the labours of such famou
writers aS those whose names are to be found in the
last column of this announcement. A greater number of

listinguished men were engaged in the preparation of
the ENCYCLOPEDIA BRITANNICA than in that of any other
work ever published, It contains in all 16,000 different
articles, every one of which was written by an authorily
on the particular subject of which he treats.

. of’ ¥ ;
(Ne
(Oy

Nn.
\ 4 |
Will

ty
WO

BOOKCASE.

For the convenience of purchasers of the genuine edition of the ENCYCLOPADIA BRITANNICA a handsoms
revolving bookcase has b pecially designed. The case. substantially made and neatly tinished in quartered
ak, is almost 2 tt. square and over tft. high, and is mounted on casters, so that if) may he easily moved asite
hon the work is not in use, The top of the case is large enough to contain a number of small books, The side
titted with an adjustable shelf, on which the volume ii use may be placed at any desired angle. The price i

much less than the ordinary trade price tor so handsome and substantial a piece of furniture.
Sub who pav for their sets ia cash may procure the bookcase for $14.55 (63). Subscribers who

elect to pay for the EXCYCLOPADIA BRITANNICA in m

three further monthly payments (after payments for the ENCYCLOP £D1A hay been completed),

ee CS

nthly installments may procure the bookcase by

If the purchaser sends a cheque for the full amount at the cash pri
shilling) on every $5.10 (guinea), and no Order Form need be used.

d with purchasers who prefer monthly payments,
4), (th
{ with Monthly Payments Order Form.

AMERICAN OFFICE OF Che Cimes (LonpoN), 290 Broadway, New York. [Date]

8), Gilt
Ta I enclose $5.10 (one guinea).
a) Tim issue of th
(9th Edition) bound ir

Prices for Monthly Payments.

  

 

 

ly Pay- a

0000000000000000090000000900900
900900 ny

Please send me “The
» Encyclopedia Britannica

Cloth, price §86.70 (17 guineas),
Half Moroceo,

Please address package to__— —

:
3

making |
i address.

A Work for the Masses.

It is needless to say that such a work as the ENCYCLO
PADIA BRITANNICA is especialiy valuable to persons
with only small libraries or limited time at their com-
mand, Suppose, for instance, it should be a ques-
tion of looking up some scientific point. In the
ENCYCLOPADIA BRITANNICA the greatest scientists in the
whole English-speaking world have placed their learning
at the disposal of the reader. Lord Kelvin, Prof. Hux-
ley, Prof. Simon Newcomb, Sir William Crookes, Lord
Rayleigh, Alfred Russel Wallace, Sir Robert Ball these
are only a few of the contributors on scientific subjects.
Or is ita question of the study of Literature? The
pages have been enriched by the contributions of such
masters as Matthew Arnold, A. ©, Swinburne, Mrs.
Humphry Ward, Sir Walter Besant, William Morris,
Austin Dobson, Prof. Saintsbury, Andrew Lang and
tdward Everett Hale
trom the list of contributors. In the realms of Econom-
ics, Law, Medicine, Biography, Geography, Mechanics
and every other department of knowledge we tind
equally noteworthy names, The contributions, arranged

in alphabetical order and fully indexed, furnish in a few !

minutes information that it would take even a trained
scholar hours to acquire, if at all,from separate volumes
in a library.

A Library of Libraries.

But if a work like the ENCYCLOPADIA BRITANNICA
especially commends itself because of the saving of time
which it effects, it commends itself no less also on
account of the saving of expense. The person of
average means might tind it impossible to collect—ex-
cept after a great many years, if at all-—the different
works of the great writers referred to above; but if he
purchases the ENCYCLOP-#DIA BRITANNICA, he has at his
commard, in one set of books, all that is most valuable
in the separate works of these differentauthors. If these
considerations were all true when the ENCYCLOPADIA
BRITANNICA could not be obtained for less than 637
($179.45), how much more force do they have now

when the same work, identical in every respect, {5 of-

fered tor less than half the former prices.

Three Characteristics.

The ENCYCLOPADIA BRITANNICA is so well known
that this announcement need do no more than set forth
the reduction in price effected by The Time, but it may
also be of interest to recall three facts:

lirste—Pvery one of the 1100 contributors was chosen
simply because he was better qualitied to write on his
particular subject than any one else in the w rid.

Second.-It has, perhaps, been commonly believed

 

j that the ENCYCLOPADIA BRITANNICA waS essentially a

| number of articles

| rq

ces shown at the left, he will effect a saving of 25 cents
he form which follows is for the use of the

price $107.10 (21 guineas),
Full Morocco, price $142.80 (28 guineas),

On the contrary, a large
were contributed by Americans, the
of a few of whom are to be found in the list
The volumes represent
hole knglisnh speaking

British production. very

name
column of this announcement,
the highest scholarship of the :

Phird.—The ENCYCLOPADIA BRITANNICA is emphat-
ically a book to be read with enjoyment. as well asa
book to be consulted as an authority. Thus the arti-
cle on New Orleans, by George W. Cable, is as fascinat
ing as one of his stories; the article on Pitt, by Lord
Macaulay, is in the same brillant style as his History of
England; and the article by Robert Louis Stevenson is
as delightiul reading as one of his novels, The same
may be said of the contributions of scores of others.

Further information concerning the Encyclopedia Britan
nica may be obtained by tilling out the coupon below and
mailing it to the American Office of The Times (London),
290 Broadway, New York. Sets of the work in the differ
ent styles of binding, as well as files of The Times and
copies of The Times War Map of South Africa, The Times
Atlas, and Th: Times Gazetteer may be examined at this

I should

Strike out
two of
these lines.

the balance of which sum [agree to pay you, or any one you appoint, at the rate of $5.10 (one guinea) a month: my next payment
y : : to he on delivery of the whole 23 volumes, and my succeeding payments on the corresp nding day of each month following. Until
. uch payments are complete | engage that the volumes not being my property, shall not be disposed of by sale or otherwise. h
bas - bai all ba the idee. tf | sandnk We delivared, th of the special
| further agree that it, owing to untorescen circumstances, of which you shan be tA ige, the volumes cannot be delivered, the
return of the deposit of $8.10 (one guinea) to me shail cancel this agreement,
hich we : ' :
ayments Please also send a REVOLVING BOOKCASE, for which I agree to make three further monthly Strike out if Bookcase Signed
or wit payments of £5.10 fone guinea) each, after the payments for the books are completed \ not desired.
Payment
f | Address
[Signed]
If books are to be delivered beyond Greater New ork. the
> ” archaser should add below full shipping directions, whether * i
ly Pay- es be t rwarded by fr ight t¢ Heyond Greater New {Address}
each, or York carriage will be at purchase cor

est there is in literature.”’ GLADSTONE.
9 a

PALE LALA LEO

to select a name here and there |

OD DODO OOOO 00000000 000000 0005 0000000000000000000008

Cimes

PAPAL LPL A

| A few of

The 1100 Contributors
to the

Encyclopedia Britannica.

| The pre-eminence of the ENCYCLO-
| PADIA BRITANNICA aS a library of ret-
erence is indisputable. A glance at the
following list of a few of the contribu-
tors will suffice to explain the reason
why. Every one of the articles in the
work is written by the highest au-
thority on the subject with which it
deals; and of these writers there are
no less than eleven hundred, The
names speak for themselves:

Rt. Hon. James Bryce, M. P., D.C. L., FR. S.
Prof. Civil Law, Oxford, Author “Ameri-
can Commonwealth,”

Lord Kelvin, LL. D., F. R. S. Greatest of modern
physicists. Pres. Royal Society, 1890-91,
Arthur T. Hadley, A. M., LL. D. President Yale
Univ, Author “Railroad Transportation,”

“Economies,” &e.

Rt. Hon. John Morley, M. P., D.C, L. Twice
Chief Sec’y for Ireland, Author “Studies in
Literature,” &c.

| W. D. Whitney, LL. D. Editor-in-Chief Century
Dictionary; Prof. Comp. Philol., Yale Univ.

Mrs. Humphry Ward. Author “Robert Els-
mere,” “David Grieve,” *Marcella,” &c.

Matthew Arnold. Author “Poems,” “Essays in
Criticism,” “Literature and Dogma,” &c.

| Prof, Simon Newcomb, Ph. D., Dr.Sci, Supt.
' U, S Naut. Almanac; Associate Inst. of
France.

Prof. E. A. Freeman, D, C. L. Prof. History,
Oxtord. Author “Norman Conquest,’ &c.

Alfred Russe! Wallace, LL. D., F. R. S$. Author
“Geog, Distribution of Animals,” “Darwin
inh

Justin Winsor, LL.D. Librarian Harvard Univ;
Editor “Narrative and Crit. History of
America.”

E. Ray Lankester, F. RS. Director Nat. Hist.
Depts. British Museum, Author many works
on Loology.

Robert Louis Stevenson.
ter ot Ballantrae,” “Kidnapped,” st. Ives.’

Andrew Lang. Noted literary critic and author,

George W. Cable. Author “Old Creole Days,”
“The Grandissimes,” “Dr. Sevier,’ &c.

| Prof. Huxley, F. RS. ‘She famous. biologist,

} Author “Anatomy Invertebrated Animals.”
Charles Kendall Adams, LL. D. Pres. Univ. Wis-

consin, Author “Manual of Hist. Lit.,” &e.

Algernon C. Swinburne. | he tamous poet,

Very Rev. F. R. Farrar, D. D., F. R.S., Dean of
Canterbury, Author “Lite of Christ,” &e.

H. A. Rowland, Ph. D., LL.D. Prof. at Johns
Hopkins, Recipient of Rumford, Draper
and Matteucei Medals.

Lord Macaulay. Historian and Essavist.

Sir Frederick Poilock. Prof. Jurisprudence,
Oxtord. Author “Principles ot Contract,”
“Torts.”

Richard Garnett, C. B,
Printed Books, Britisi
“Hist. Italian Literature,” &c

Hon. Henry Cabot Lodge, |. S. Senator. Au-
thor Lives of “Daniel Webste Alexander

rge Washington,” &e.

Author of “The Mas-

D. Keeper of

LL
Museum, Author

Hamilton,” “G

Rev, W. W, Skeat, Litt. D., LL. B., Prot. Anglo-
Saxon, Cambridge. Author “Etymological
Dictionary.” * Works of Chaucer,” &¢

Rev. Edward Everett Hale, D, BD. Author “Man
Without a Country,’ &e,

A. W. Ward, Litt D., LL.D. Author
of English Dramatic Literature.” &e.

Professor Saintsbury. Aut *NIXth Century

“History

Literature, ‘thistory of } atur

Philip Gilbert Hamertun. { painter and
etches Author “1 1 Pa 5." &&

William Morris. Well-known poct and man
fucturer of st {glass a fecors

Francis A. Walker, LL.D. 1) Mass. Institute
f Technology. Author “The Wage Ques-
tion,’ &¢

1 AND 1.100 OTHERS.

 

American Office of

Che Times (London),
290 Broadway, New York.

be pleased to receive a Pamphlet of Spec-

imen Pages, Coloured Plates and Bref Extracts from the

ENCYCLOPAEDIA BRITANNICA. Also full particulars

prices in the different styles of binding.

Ae a4
HSISTSOSSSSOSOHOD FH SSOSEIOO GIO GOOCH OHIO P HOE OSHS EOD IT OH OOS 900099 5900 090F 59 9969909 9069695090995 0099 9O99H099F9 9690 9F FOO9GHS OO FHHOLOS FOCOOOHOE FHHESOSO SO SCOOE 9999600600040 6600659905000060050600000095 99000566 OOOO OOOOOSOOOOPOOOOOSS OOLOOS 9055959069695 600S46 S00

A

 

o
o
o
?

|
|
|
|