RSIS OSS

Aarne

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ee

    
    
    
  

~ ar REE ete een OS
- SS

    

   

  
  
   
   
  
  

 
  
 
 
  
   
   

   
  

   
  
   
   

   

 
  
   
     

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
   
      
   
    
     
     
     
      
    

  

™

——————_———

GIANT CRACKERS BARRED,

PATRIOTISM OF THL SMALL BOY IN
QASHINGTON RESTRICTED.

The C@mminsioners of the District, Having
Saved the City From Hydrophobla, Now
Purpose to Save It From Being loo
Ru@ely Startled on Newt Independence Day.

Wanfinoton, April 21.—Having tenporartly,
at least, saved the citizens of the capital city
and sawrrounding territory from hydrophobla
by compelling the muzziing for six months of
all the dogs within its boundaries, on the
stron of aatatement of a youthtul official of
the Hé@alth Department that a case of rabies
existed somewhere on the Maryland border,
the Co missioners of the District of Columbia
have new taken up tho burning
the firéerackers

The Commissioners of the District of Colum-
bia, bythe way, ara three officials appolnted by
the Pr@sident of the United States, with the
consent of the Kennte, to act as a sort of Board
of Aldermen for Washington That is, they
carry dut ths laws of Congress for the govern-
ment of tho District of Columbia, Under the
statute one Commissioner must be a Repub-

Hean, one a Democrat and one an Army offlver,

presumably (but generally only presumfbly)

withoat any political status These three men
are alaw unto themselves, and some of their
recent doings would furnish a most excellent
text for a comte opera, Their order com-
pelling all dogs to be muzzled has sub-
jected them to # great deal of ridicule,
but although not enforced as strictly us at
first, it still stands. Under it any dog found at
large anywhere in the District not wearing a
muzzle is liable to be taken to the pound,
where {ts owner must pay $2 to rogaln poases-
sion. Of course itis necessury for the bunters
sent out by the Commissioners to vateh the
dogs before impounding them, and as the men
are notin all cases Indiana, backwoo ismen or
aprinting athletes, the result fe that the cur

dogs ia the street are not caught, while su h

pet canines on the grass ‘np froat of their

owners’ nousesas have stepped out fora sniff

of fresh air are stealthily coaxed tnto the net
But itis firecrackers and not dogs that ore

 

invention whien, while it willmnake e mnspleris

   

The Old Guard had an anaiversary dinner

|

'
qnestion of |
|

|

ROOSEVELT WITH THE OLD GUARD. ‘CUBAN FAIR A TRIUMPH
4 ‘ 4 ‘ °
PROFITS ESTIMATED AT NOT LESS
THAN 830,000,

Ends tn a Blaze of Color Just
President McKinley's Visit the Feature
Yesterday A’ Personal Success for Mra.
Mary Hatch Willard) Sapplementary Sale
at the Waldorf-Astoria This Week.

The Cuban Orphan Society's fair ended list

They Cheer Him as a Destined President of
the United States,

last night in tho armory at Broadway and
Forty-ninth street, For some thie the Guard
as pent by factional differences, but reeently
all troubles were sinoothed over, and last night
there was a sort of peace jublies, Capt, Belden
J. Rogers presided, and among the quests were

| Justige Gildersieeve, Admiral Entwistle, Dis-

| trict Attorney Gardiner, Commander kK. P, | blebtas far as the Metropolitan Opera House
; Cramm of the Ancient and Honorable Artillery was concerned, Itended in a blaze of wlory.
| Company of Boston, the Key, Charles A, Beiges Nobody knew just how much money had been
and Gen. Louls Fitzgerald, Gov, Roosevelt made by the fafr, For four days the cashlors

utallthe booths have been turning all thelr
receipts in to the treasurer, William T. Ward-
well, without counting them, each bunch of
money labelled with the name of the booth
from which iteame, For two days the treas-
urer counted the money and tabulated the re-
turns, Then he gave itup and sent the cash
tothe bank in bulk, and has left the counting
i of the money to the bank, Treasurer Ward-
Alagoa Brisas introduced “Cox” Koowesat. | wot! abi lastnight that ho was «alte confident
sald: | that the profits of the fair and all its coordi-
Tt T accepted one-twentieth of the invita | nate branches and developments will amount to
tious thatet wot nuwadar's 1 wow HOt RAY® | got tows than B3.00,, Ex-Commissioner John
tation of the Old Guard was one that [ could P. Faure, Secretary of the fair, made the same
not refuae, and so T am here. he vee estimate,
featur of sur Htepabite 4 that in, the ast Fe- | rhe great event of yesterday was the viait of
share in governing the country in time of | President MeKinley Jato in the afternoon, The
peace and tehting ‘or her in time of war. , President was broughtto the fair by Gen. F.
That is what it means to take part in seif-gove | y Greene, Morris K. Jesup, Cornelius N. Bliss

came in late ant was received by a file of six of
the oldest of the Old Guard, commanded by
Adjutant Robert PL Lyon

Atterthe dinner Major, Ellis Briggs, who
was recently reclected Commander of the Old
Guard, was inatalied, and so were Bellen
Rogers as Captain of Company B and William
H. Traman as Captain of Company C. ‘Phe
mombers of the Old Guard appeared at the
Cinoer forthe first time in their new uniforms,
which are like those of the State troops

 

ernment, The peonle are the rulers, and | : :
yple must stand up in and Co}, John J. MeCook. Secretary Cortelyou
for the sorernmer wplen ! alsoaccompaniod him, He was ushered into

oreign ate . . . she .
the government may be good or bad, it may | the battleship, where he tound dire. Mary
err, yet the individual citizen may have asmall |: Hateh Willard, Miss Louisa Lee Schuyler and

share inthe responsibility, But with us ft is) Mrs, Frederick L. Eldridge of the Board of
the individual man who is the arbiter of what
{a to be done or not done by the government.
The government depends not on the govern-
ment for its support, but on the people. Tn the
Jong run what the people really wish will be
done. Ifyou want good government you must
et itin the same way that you preserved the
You must go out and
come easy; nothing

President was presented to the ladies and with
Mrs. Willard walked to the bow of the battle-
ship overlooking the floor, The moment they
appeared above the deck the children in the
galleries began to yell, Hundreds of fags in
the hands of wildly enthusiastic boys and girls
began to wave and dance, The redeoated
Navy Yard band in the gallery played
j “America” and the Nme-Heht man, true to his
{ instinets, turned the Hghton the head of the
nation. A messenger was sent to the limes

nion in the Civil War.
fight for it. It will not
worth having comos easy.

“as Americans we must demand good, clean
government and to get it we must go out vue
fleht in eivio life as you fought in the ¢ ivil
War.”

When Gov,

sat down there was
was

Roosevelt

tremendous applause, As the applaus:

 

bothering the Commissioners just at present. bp f ;
For two or three years the fmiportant question supaicing agray-haired old comrade rose and | light man and he was speedily suppresse ee
of restricting the size of tlreerackers that the | Calied out: ; : : beta Ss wonntod chee
amal! boy shal! be permitted to startle the come Three cheers forthe man who is destined | wen the great throng had wearked: of ip
munity with on Independence Day has been ie be President at these United States, | plauding and cheering, & chorus of 200 chil-
a eet: ray “Ons derath nly the three heov ore Toosevel a) Santis poe a at ie ites 7
eeeennet os ere sshd HOw in this budding The cheers were given with great vigor. dren, nolected from the cour hee ee
month of spring, with the Fourth of July a lone —-——_—_—--— out the city by Walter Damrosch, broke ou
erat Youre american has tev (| Orn AT THAIN WRECKING, | eet eninge by another uth the
, , Bias “lie F i followe ’ othe utburst o
comes around again he will not be | 4 song was followed by ano eee
allowed to fire the so-called “elant Two Colored Boys Who “Wanted to Have cheering. The President walked along the
cracker,” in which he has heretofore t iken Some Fun With the Cars.” ! bows of the battleship and inclined his head in
such delight, but must be content with a new oeieeeiae April 21,.—-The most | acknowledgment of the greeting He had a

when fired inside of 4
tomato can, is warranted not to make more
notae than a brass tleld cannon and not to ex.
plode in such a mannerasto distribute burning
pieces of pastaboard with whieh the powder is
wranred over the well-swept asphalt streets of
Washington.

In order that there may be no mistake about
the full meaning of the Commissioners’ deter.
mination in this matter, and about the shape
and quality of the offleia! flreeracker, samples
have been Jett with the Commissioners, and in
addition the maker has given his personal
guarantee that each and every one of them will
explode in a wentes! and proper manner, Cone
fining itself toa amal! space and leaving }ittle

ble racket, especially

  

 

  
 

or no refuse. The maker of this cracker
aseures the non-partisan board that the
wrapping inclosive the explosive Js mace
of strong pastebourd instead of the soft,
punk-like paper which the Chinose use
in the manufacture of theirs, and that
the pasteboart is wrapped tightly, and
between each laver of paper is glue, and that
after the explosive is intro luced the end ia
realed with a composition resembling clay It

is also guaranteed that while the report given
by the explosion of one of these little eylin fers
is ahatp and deeisive, it has none of the deaf
ening’.roar that characterizes the nervesde-
stroyibg “cannon” eracker now banished from
the limita of the District. With a cracker like
thie it has been made plain to the Conmission-
ers that the explosioy is followed by the tot il
Aisapfgarance of «he inaterial that ent red
into ita manwfacture. something on the plan of
the smoke consuming chimney,

A sample ot this new flreeracker, that may

    

be cated the “Triumvirate,” will be given to |
the CAlef of Pollee, with strict orders that any
ereom caught in the act of firing any other

ind am the Fourth of July next shall be placed
underarrest and kept in conflneament until the
holiday is al! over. The dog muzzing order
expirewin June, so that the dogs in the Diss

triet will be in no way affected by the fire-
cracker decision
4 eaeaeenencannsienniant ~

 

THLE MUS 17 THE OLD FIRESIDE,

; ; i
Reasous of the Tough Young Man for Leav-
ing Home After the Party.

“So yousa want to know how I come ter leave
de joigt, eh?” sufd the tough young man with
the Maree. "Pirst uv all, lemme tell ye,
young feller, dat ain't none uv yer swell guys
dat is po partic’lar dey can't put up wit a little
wuss froun’ de ole fireside oneet ina wile.
Naw, fone uv dat fer yours truly Imight be
Jots uv queer t’ings, but J ain't no dade,

“Well, young feller, it was dis way. Twasa
buzzin’ a bundle down on Elevent’ avenoo,
Wat? Yer don’t fallto wat abundleis? Yer
don't know w'at a petticoat is? Gw'an! To de
wools, youge! She was a high-toner fer fair,
worked in a rest'rant over in Ate avenue, an’
she waza peacherina, sho wuz, all right, all
right. She was my property all troo, Dey
wuzn't anodder guy wat dared to con her
pone, ner give her no jolly, ner trow her no
no bookays wid Javendoer ribbons since de time
w’en [begun ter take heraroun’, Naw, it wuz
astinoh fer yours tru y.

“Well, young feller, me ole man he'd madea
good ting cartin’ snow fer de Street Scraping
Department, an’ he come home wan night an’
gez dat he wuz goin’ ter have a little party to
de house an’ wouldn't it be agreeable fer me to
bring aroun’ dat petticoat uy mine to meet de
ole folgs w'at would be so glad ter meet dew
futur’ daughter-in-law. itwus ago ter
mine, but [give itto. him straight she wz de
real ting ferstylean’ lL wuzn'te yn’ to trot her
in no cheap race. Naw, hone uy dat wume fer

mine, ser De ole man said
cheap skate neider an’ it would be all right, all

se7

right. ;

"Well, de next night de ole man’s party come
off, Dere wuzn't muchota game dere, de ole
man bavin’ announess dat is uzn'tter be no
mixedsale muss T brought me steady ar yan’
an’ wént upstairs frst an’ looked in de door,
Don I went back ter me girl an’ sak! how I had
Jooked de whole bunch ovar an’ dey wus
all right. all right. Mame—-dar wuz her name,
young Jeller, but dat aint 4 goin! inter no noose.
paper--she wuz lookin’ al right, all right, an’
wen [shot interde joint wil her at me side
Tl a-pushet in de slats uvany guy wat said
she wugn't de real ting, bar oon

“Well, de old man had dons de job up brown
all right, all rlght. He'd gone over on Ate
avenoo an’ rented a box ferdeevenin’ Yer
don’t catch on to wat a box is? Gw'an! Don-
cher know a box to be spieled on—a planner?
Ah, now youse are right. Quitdreamin’, i teil

 

yer, quit dreamin’, Me sister her name is
Agonessa—she had invited o nv dem
ewell guys |. w'at stands behin’— ribbon
counters and amiles fer a livin’. T picked
him fer a softy the minute To put me

epers on his mug, an’ Thad him right, too.
Re very firstting I did wen Tgot a chanct—it
wuz wen de ribbin counter mutt waz a spielin’
a nigger song onde box I went upto me sis-
ter Agoness an’ [sez toher dat T wanted to put
her wise datde guy wuzn't oue, two, sixteen
in decent company, an’ dat Pd bet me socks [
cud put hii» widone smack in his yap
She néariy tie t right dere, an’ Dsez to
myself, "Drop dis: be agent, Chames?

“Edidn't say nothin’ more den, but Lend see
ine sister Agoness had {tt in fer yours truvy, all
right, all right. Wien de guy had quit spielin’
de box sayin’ he wuzn't goin’ to take upall de
time in dat way, an) wouldn't Agoness sing one
uv her fav'rite songs, 1 (ought everyting was

  

  

 

allright, But Agouess said her voice hat gone
back on her, I'll put ver wise, youns er,
dat she never had none ‘cept wen it came ter
eallin'down de kids in de next flat. Denup

jumps de ole man an se7 as how liquid refresh-
mente wuz waitin’ ter bebe consumed, ant
wouldo’t we all join in a healt’ to de ladies

“Ma sister Agoness she said as how she

therefore the pr

both peace and war

represents, themselves, [na
|

'

}

he wuzn't no)

Httie opportunity after that of ft ressing to
of the

remarkable pair of criminals ever placed in }
: ey ease Sree ore ee Mrs. Willard his appreciation fair and

vere

   
   

 

 

 

    

charge of the Bergen county authoritie the work which wis aiding so. signally,
| turned over toSheriff Van Buskirk to-da They | While he was talking with ber Mrs. Aifred
| are George Jackson. 10 vears old, and his brother Tuckerman approaened the President anid
| n ' ) : pinned on the jabel of his coat one of the
John, aged 13, colored, They were arrested | jadges of tho Battleship Committers. The
by Detective: Humphrey and committed by | chorus sang the Star Spangled Banner”
Justice Heath on a charge of attempting to andthe band played “Yankee Doodle The
; ; s | President was escorted out by Mr. Bliss and
wreck West Shore railroad trains, ‘The act) Mrs. Willard between very stern rows of @riy-

| was committed yesterday afternoon near the | clad cadets in kniekerbock
Dumont station, where the boys live. The | It did not become necessary last night to
{ : close the front doors to keep the e med out,
engineer of a southbound — lor al passenger | although the managers had prepar them-
| train saw two switches open on the northbound selves to tak ysome mace rer The stigit rain
c nor , hat he bar wa | Whieh fell early in the evening was thanked
tra k K nee ; at the Albany expre et ie peliel But from hnii-past 7 0 ciuck
would come flying along in less than five mine | until 10, the man or woman who trind to cross

 

| ites he stopped his train and notified the cone | the flour or to approach any of the booths
| within buying distance, set all hope of peace

   

 

ductor, who sent trainmen to close the switches, | and comfort aside
maeo ‘ » >
returning to the depot. wired Division | Mrs. Willard made up her mind that. it
rintendent J. Bo Stewart at Weehawken. | would not do to have all the merchandise
eee the scone with Detective Hume which hal been presented to the fair
| phre und od rected an vetigation. The | gold) at) ridiculous prices, just) to get it
j dackson children were arre ted this morning. | out of the way, It seemed to her
They confessed, olin declaring that they | qairer to the Cuban ors hans aud more
dust wanted to have some fun with the cars.” | eourteous to the people who had given the
| Finding it impossible to break the heavy | things that there should be a supplementary
{ brass Jocks on the switehes with stones the | anie at the Waltori-Astoria for three days of

  
 

vg-pin with whieh toemorrow, Most ofthe

} this week, begini

 
 

boys get a spike and cou

 

 

oa Were forced open, Rven then they | women who have attended the beoths atthe
had diMleulty ino opening the witehes, but | fair will continue thelr work. Many of the
j persisted until suecesstul Phis is their story. | decorations of the ra honse, which were
Some persons have a suspieion t tolder beads | pur up by Mr Charles RK. Lamb ond diss
“ concerned in the work There is a deep | \; Yose, Will be sent to Tarrytown and to Staten

diteh where the first switeh connects with the | Island tor tairs there which are to add their
niain track, Express trains run very. fast | proceeds to that which has just been flnished.,
j along the stretch extending from Congers to The voting contest which wae to award te

Littl: Ferry, and are generally well filled with | the most. beautiful wornan at the fair the
was closed at half past 10

) DA-sengers Receipt for Beauty”

| Phe boys are voung brothers of Peter Jack- | o’vlock lust night The cloge of the contest
| son who two years ago murdered his own ¢ hild | was exciting. A number of men. with cone
land then tied its body on the We-t Shore track | servative expressions, but han lful of green
at Tea Neck, where it was cut to pieces by | money stood around the balloting counterand
passing train He previousiy tried to drown | w itehed the progress of the voting with an
the ehild. dackson ow vieted of ian- | eagle eye At a few minutes atter 10 the
lauchter and is serving ten years, Thetwo | Princess Von Auersperg wis ahead of Mra,
young prisoners when docked up in the jail | Henry Siegel, who had been ali id ail through
snid they would have “a bully time now,” the week Bat when the polis closed Mrs

Siegel had HU0 votes, the Princesa Von Auers-
perg Was second W th 5o0 votes

The men and wonen who had been atten {-

eee ing to the booths and pushing the tair aloug

Clerk in the Largest Business House tn Butte, | with Mrs, Willard went aroun 1 yesterday and

Mon,, Driven to Anaconda, conspired together to give Mrs, Willard: some-

i thing to remetmber the o¢easion by From
Axaconpa, Mon. April 21.—D,C. Barden, an | among the people themselves enough was col-
: so be y a wold wateh ¢hain set with
employee of the Hennessy department store, lecte \ to buy & god wa
‘ apphires, It was presented to. Mrs, Willar
owned by the Anaconda Mining Company and sapphires , " lard
the largest mercantile house in Butte, arrived

after the visitors to the fair had gone away
Jast night. Aft the same time a vote of thanks
in thie city this morning after having
been escorted out of Butte at the

witha complimentary speech with each one
oint of a revolver by seven men, who, he be-

was passed for Mixs Boese, for Miss Kissam,
who had charge of the programmes; Mrs

ieves, were members of the Butte Miners’

Union or the Silver B Trades ana Labor

EXILED BY A LABOR UNION,

 

 

  
 

J. Elliott Langstafl, who had entire charge of
, the aale of tickets, and Mra. be dridge, who had
hs charge of the supply depot at Lo Astor place.

 

  
   
  

Assembly, After spending the evening with | “a7 o'clock a large packing box had been

other employees of the company harden ) pot at each booth. As soon 4s the erowd hee
te f . :

started to. his room, and when passing | gan to thin out the tired girls in rather wilted

a vacant lot, two men seized him by the arms,
while a third pointed a revolver at his head
with the remark: ‘We want you, comeon.”
He was then searched for weapons and hustled
into a Carriage, where, @oder guard, he was
driven to Gregson Springs and told never
j again to set foot in Latte, He waiked
there to Anaconda |

the things that
be sent tothe
Tir will be held

costumes began stewing awi
were left over. These are
Waldorf to-day, Where the }
| in the smal! badroom this we
The kreneh bonnets that were exhibited at
the French booth and remained unsold were
from | disposed of at auction at 1! o'clock by Fadward

Paes Coward, The prices were gen rally dee

 

i a

  
 

 

 

weary looking man and aail that she wanted
in vain the man and the attends
ants explained to her
more khaki eloth. She must have it. She got
it, but not untll she had superintended the
tearnng down of the khaki draperi the
booths, whiehsbe and the man lugged away,
tacks and all, jeaving the pine boards of the
booth quite bare for the rest of the evening
| At 11 o’elock, just before folks began to leave,
Mebut? G. Maynard went along the tiers of
! boxes, distributing spools of colored paper rib-
bons und bags of paper confetti. Mr. Maynard
atarted in the middle of the second tier by hurl-
ing spools of paper out over the floor, Tho
lime-light man turned on bis richest and deep.
est colors and the seene

Dinner of the Veteran Association of the

Seventy-first Regiment,

khaki cloth

that there wasn't any

The Seventy-first Regiment Veteran Asso-
ciation had its annual dinner last night at the |
| Bt, Denis Hotel, Seventy-(ive of the members
} Were present, [twas the thirty-second annual
| affair of the kind and yesterday was the anni-
versary of the regiment's going to the war

The dining room was tastefully decorated
with national flags end a band plaved spirited
music, Capt. Wrght DD. Goss presided, and
after the coffee the members listened to sev-
eral speeches, The toasts and those who re-
eponded were:

It is sai other employees will be treated in a } sow j ak
Ar 0 sd by those who did not succeod in tak-
like manner, The trouble arose from the fact paenere clare at them ae ¢tit y noandal vs
that pont of the business hous . of Butte | ‘The voting for the most popular. clubman's
| nereed to an carly-closing movement, tin | youse will be continued at the Waldorf sale
I thiathe Hennessy Company did not join, and | this week
} itis feared drastic measures will be resorted 7 a ) 4 :
ere was a lot of fun at the army boot
| toagainst those accepting employment with | ote thes khaki cloth wae ull gone An -
os firm ‘perious young Woman came along with a
|
|
|

s of

 

 

  

“The Day We Celebrate.” Col, Albr - Cn }
| wand intol the [ ited Visaine stiutary spateene a beauty, For twenty minutes or more the floor
| West Polnt. “Our Coun ‘lob E. Hedges, "The | looked from above like an Arion ball in full
Volunteer Soldier,” Major Gen, Francis V. Greene swing. \
“The Seventy lirst Regiment.’ Col Willam G. |  Someof the booths late last night figured up

roughly ‘The Colonial Tea Room collected.
$1,000 gthe Swiss booth took In SMSO othe battle-
ship receipts were over $550, Boesites all the
recoiptea of the talr, Mr. Faure said last niwht
that he had received hundreds of dollars from
towns as far away as Texas and Minnesota,
where faire and festivals and collections had
been held with the idea of forwarding the re-
eeipts to Mrs. Willard

With the visitof Presicent MeKinley to the
fair the uttermost hope of Mrs, Mary Hateh
Willard for the fair, which she has organized
and carrie t on and brought to an abun Jantly
suecces{ul cones on, was realized, As chair-
manof the F Committee Mrs, Willard has

 

Bates; "The City of New York” Comptrotler Bird 8. |
Coler, “Our Old Commanders,” Joseph J, Little |
\
}

 

 

From GurFactory
To Your Head 7

   

CARL,
SA}

Y

     
  

 

   

     
 
   

 

   
   

 

/ 4 4 f.
eZ Z a Wi ZZ made her first appearance in public affairs in
If Z@ a tak 4, | New York. She has been known andmdmiredt
“) A a by her friends a8 a self-reilant usiness
Wo woman whe has managed to moke and keep
her sovial engagements easily and gracefully
| in spite of the fact that she was making her
yy, own living. Mrs. Willard went about tho
ff’ | Cuban Orphan Society's business because shea
ATED | thought she saw a way to put money in its
ZB, } treasury in prenpet AUAN UTED than had upto
a : } that time found its way there VYhen a
| 4% 4 ZG ZO ° SUS reporter went to Mrs, Willard yesterday
/ i °° > and asked her totell sust how she had done it
| : and what she thought of it all, she wouldn't
\ saya word about it. She had not done any

-TWO STORES

| O]3"BROADWAY 30"

talking, she said, exeept to tell people how
they could belp the fair along, und she was not
going to begin now. That the fair was A sue.
ceas anv one could tell by looking out over the

 

svene from the frst tier of boxes, That was
pr «. LL. COULTER'S a!| she cared about
Mrs. Willard was asked last fall to take

Combined Vaporizer and Inhaler.

  
 
   
 
  
  
 

 
  
 

  

 

would take some Rhine wine, an’ jie dude ne | Deiered forthe. Treatment and Cure of | Charge of the children’s booths at the Cuban
said as how do same would do fer him, Me | all Diseases of the Alr Passages, such as | Orphan Soetety’s fnir that was hel larthe Wal-
ateady she stuck wi! me an’ took the good old Catarrh, Consumption, Bronehtiis, Asthr orte de . ook ¢ , »
dy she stu Ot, BOR Pra ' s .Bronentiis, Asthma, | dorfearly in Dec ver, Ittook a much shorter
euvess areeey mized ae v8 oer mane le | , hooping uahe o mip, | oe for her to make the arrangements for her
0 ide cheato Tas mks aA Gitppe ay ever, ties at at ft t oat wome ul
"Oh, Miss Halligan,’ sez de ribbin counter Diphtherta, ete Recom- have Shataht nesesenrr. She then Ht S anres
e » 9 ' in? ’ r aon dung ree he . + ’
mati go me etree wre you goin’ to taste dat | raend 5 Ane ad ig B., that she did not know from Just where the
‘ . One ° > gees customers fo , yothea oe ,
aeat'a a0, soz me aister Agoneas ‘Twat | Pertumer c asott United States us mors | r her booth were to come
dv Chames drinks dat stuff, yo se don't | and and Canada Oh, they'll come,” satt the other women,
pens hames drinks (a if, youse don Deoderizer \ tthe Surgeon Don't you bother about them,”

“Gans, chimes in der ribbin counter mutt Attach: General the Untied Mrs. Willard) insisted on bothering. She
‘such at ff is fer cher ’ , , ment. States Army. Dr. Coulter's | Went to the sehoola whose teachers or prinel-
ayes “he or. oe OP EOD: cas kanneen, | ARIS Combined Vaporizer and) pals she had formed a method of reaching and

“| a green Fi eae ic wore CO ee ma | Wanted lnealers are in ase in the . Asked for an opportunity of talking to some of

didn't wait ter hear te mor give nie S. Army Hospitals, . the children. She told the little ones all about

sister Agoness a jolt in de kisser w'at made her
see More stars in ones nd dan she eould ‘a
seen in an hour ifshe'd ‘a sat on de top uy de
Madigon Square Garden, De ribbin counter
guy bada bunch of talk in bis face, but he
couldp’t untie it before T fanned his mug wid
me flapper.

“To de shrubbery, youse,’ said I. ‘Tode
woodg,’ an’ did he puach back? On, nay, nay,
He teled ter buza me, but de first ting he
saa wuz down an’ out, dead ter de worle,

 

 

I dere woz a rough houae fer fifteen
e@vantiidéeecops come in an’ fanned us
But would youse blame a feller?
dn’ yguse havo left de joint after dat?”

minu

ae

  

 

 
 

them to help her make
she asked! them all to

heir frienus

methods the stock

' the tate and asked
things to be sold there
come to the fair and brir

Asa resultof these nov

genuine
tampered

1 ‘
Vaporizer

 
  

 

 

ee tans of things that had been provided for the eht!-
Trade mark | (fon at the Waldorf tair was sold out at 4

o'clovk on the afternoon ofthe firstday, There
was the utmost diMeuity in getting In a stock
to be disposed of the second day, When {tt was
all over Mra, Willard said that sho thought
j that there Wis A chance to_ make @ great
deal more money for the Cuban orphans
RU PTURE cl ARO while y za, work. You tan... anybody aremes to nave | dreamed
= = pay $4 when cured. No cure, | of, @ trustee of the society were impresse

Bo pay. ALEX, SPELLS, box 93 Westbrook, Maine. with Mrs, Willard’s enthusiasm and "O08

  

registercd,
rH ONLY AND ORIGINAL

COULTER’S VAPORIZER AND INHALER CO,

PARK PLACE, N, \ Send for Booklet,

 

 

 

 

Trustees of the fair waiting for them, The |

THE SUN, SUNDAY, AP

Before Sunday |

  

 

them asked her why she did
with her larger acheme, She was elected a
trustee of the #ociety and a meeting @was
called to hear her present her plan. Only two
members of the Hoard of ‘Trustees came
tothe meeting besides Mrs, Willard herself
They were Mra. Frederick Lb, Bidridge and
James T. Gardiner, Miss Eleanor Boese, who
has been one of Mrs, Willard’s foremost Qssis-
tanta ever since, was also present, At that
conference Mrs, Willard presented her plans
ax to what she thought the falrought to be
like. In general outline the plan waa that of
the fair aw ithas been atven Mr. Gardiner
and Mra. Eldridge told Mra, Willard that there
was no one present to raise the point that no
quorum was present and that ahe might con-
sider herself authorized to go ahead

Gen. F, V. Greene, the President of the aoci-
ety, was atthe next meeting. By that time the
sian had taken on more detalls, A parlor meect-
ny committee, with Mrs, Eldridge os chatr-
map, Was appointed to go seize upon the houses

| of various people and hold meetings In them, at

 

was one of wildest |

ee

which the fair project should be discussed, Mra,
W Hart addressed these meetings It is eatinnat-
ed that ae met 7,000 people and talke! tothem
congiomerately and individually, She told
them of her plan in sogiowing terms that sony
of her hearers went away «miling ineredu-
Jonsly, She said that people would come to the
fair by thousands, The thousands have come
She aaid that the profits would rua up into the
tens of thousands. They have. She said thatshe
would get the Seventy-first Regiment armory
forthe fair, Sho did, but she had to give it up,
She hired the Metropoitap Opera House
andeven her closest foliowera <huddered to
think of theexpense. ‘The rent for the week
was paid by tha reve sue from the boxes and
the admissions the flrat night. Finally Mrs,
Willard said that she hoped that the President
ofthe United States might visit the fair. Some
other friends shook their heads slowly and
redid that the poor woman was taking this tale
too seriously, really, Yesterday the President
Wits there

All this was not done without unceasing
pursuit of details. Mrs. Willard established
three offices and {information bureaus about
town, so that no one might come to her when
the fair was allover and say, “I would 80 have
liked to help if had known.” She held bank-
ers’ meeting and newsboys’ meetings and
church meetings until women, meeting at teas
guid tooneanother: “Has Mrs, Mary Hateh Wil-
Jard got you, yet?” All this was not fun for Mra.
Willard, and it was interfering with her
business of supplying deliencies for the sick,
hut she found that as fastas people learned of
the fair they wereanxious to help, even though
they were ineredulous, And yesterday, when

it had all come ou’ as she said it would, was
her day of triumph, As for. the fair,
it has breken out in other towns and
cities There are to be branch fairs
in Tarrytown and Staten [stand next week
and there is one now coing on in Washington
Lala, the Amertean Filinino, is to deliver a

 

 

lecture for the society af Sherrv'’s on May 3,
and there isto bea Seandinavian concert,

hoves will come piling it

Alarge British flag of silk was stolen from
Mrs. George Gould's booth on Friday. A
negro named Walter Cripple, alias Brownville,
who had been employed at the soda water
counter, has been arrested A number of
American and Cuban slik flags which had been
used to decorate the galleries have also been
stolen

NEGRO EXHIBIT FOR PARIS,

Shows the Condition and Development of the
Negro in the State of Georgia,

ArnANTA, Ga, April 21.—-A special exhibit,
showing the condition and evelopment of the
negro tn typical Southern States, and especially
of the 850,000 negroes in the State of Georgia,
Atlanta to-day for tho Paris Exposi-
tion. The exbibit was prepared for ship-
ment at the Atlanta University. the well-known
hegro vollege, and went by, mail to Chicago,
where it will te taken to New York and then
sentto Paris, The whoie exhibit is an attempt
to show in a wall space t} by 3 feet, which is
all the room allowed for it at the great show,
what the negro really is in the South,

The exhibition consists of five parts, One is
an eleetric clock ina carve! frame, showing at
successive intervals of time the number of
neres of Jand owned) by. the negroes of
Georgia since 1N70, the clock was
carved by an illiterate, unskilled workman,
and on the frame are bas reliefs of cotton, corn
andtobaeeo, Thirtyeone charts, done by hand
in colors, show the growth and cistribution of
the negro popriation in Georgia and through.
out the world; the age, classifeation and
eonjutnl condition ofthe negroes of this State
us compared with the whites, the propor:
tion of mulattoes, the amount of property
owned end the income and expenditure of
negro amilies, Statistics ot 140) negro
familles in Atlanta and some 2,000 families
in countey districts in south Georgia have
been used as a basis for this compilation,
Five maps of Atlanta, Savannah, Albany and
MelIntosh county are da the exhibit On
these maps the distribution of the negro
population is given, this being indicated by
different colors, and each color standing for
different social classes, With each goes a book

 

left

 

of statistics of the property and oecn-
pations of the negroes an the place. Nine
large quarto volumes, bound in leather,

contain a colleetion of all the laws passed in
Georgia in regard to the negroes from 1832 tr
ISS!) Three other volumes give pietures of
200 typical negro faces, The other two vou.
umes show pictures of street scenes in negro
16

TO BE “LINCOLN REPUBLICANS.”

Silver Republicans to Change Their Name
Shy Over the White Metal.

Minweapours, April 21.—Tne “Lincoln Re-
publicans” are to succeed the “Tree Silver
Republicans” and the National Silver Re-
pullican party is to give way to the
Lineoln Republican party. The purty of one
issue is to be become the party of several
issues, and the issue to which it owes its origin
ia to be pushed into the background, Its lead-
ers hope to render more effective service to the
“regenerated Democracy’ than in ISv. The
transformation scene is to take placeat Kansas
City on July 4, when the national conventions
of both the Free Silver Republican and the
Democratic parties are in session,

SS Corser, whoisthe intermediary  be-
tween the national organizations of the various
anti-Republican parties and combinations, tos
day issued « prospectua of the Silver Repub-
yee Onvention to be heid at Kansas City on
duly

This statement announces that the change
of names will then take place, dwells on tho
work of tne Lineoln Republican League,
which has done the preliminary work,
lays down the probable planks of the
piatiorm, tells how  Lineoln'’s | memory
and sentiments wil! be celet rated, denounces
President MeKinley and his administration,
predicts the nomination of Bryan and Towne
and generally foreshadows the programme of
the convention.

The intention to change the party's name has
been kept well covered, but it is now consid-
ered that the time hus come to make it publie,
which Mr. Coraer, speaking authoritatively as a
inember of the National Committee of his
party and asite executive agent in dealings
with the allies, does in the statement,

CORONA

 

WORSHIP DISTURBED.
District Attorney of Queens Is Asked to En-
force the Sanday Law.

Distriet Attorney John B. Merrill of Queens
county will have several detectives to-day in-
specting all resortsand Sunday parks in Corona,
A committee of women representing the
Women’s Christian Temperance Union waited

on Mr. Merrill on Friday anil presented a peti-
tion signed by all the clergymen and many
prominent residents. asking him to enforces
the Sunday laws in Corona The petition says
that the playing of brass bands and shouts of
crowds attending pienies and elambakes have
frequently Interrupted residents at worship,
end that it has been impossible to get any re-
lief from such annoyances, Mr. Merrill prom-
ised the. committee that he would make a
thorough investigation and see toit that the
penge of the community was not disturbed
again

KEPY HER OUT OF THE PRISON, |

Mrs. Spero Couldn't See Her Husband and |

Therefore Committed Snicide.

Pourapenrura, April 21.—Mrs. Maria Spero,
an Italian woman whose husband > in
the Fastern Penitentiary serving a sentencd of
twenty years for blowing up a
near Hazleton, Pa, with dynamite, threw her-
velf out of the third-stery window or her
home to-night, killing herself instantly. The
deed is attributable to the fact that she admit-
tance was refused to herat the prison to-day,
Spero belonged tothe Mafia and biew up the
house expecting to kill Antonio Matto who was
loo [renaty with the police, Matto was not
vurt,

Alleged Disorderly Flat Raided.

Acting Capt. Kear and Detective Saver of the
West Sixty-eighth «treet station raided a flat
in the house at 20 West Sixty-fifth street last
night tertha Rubatot, 24 years old, was
arrested on A warrant that had beep issued by
Magistrate Deuel charging her with conduct-
ing a disorderly house, Lilllan Berth, 23 years
old, was locked upaganinmate. Later in the
evening the police Jocked up William H. Mares,
the agent of the house, who lives on the first
floor, charging him with renting property for
immoral purposes,

 

Death of Albert Best.

The death is announced of Albert Beat of
15 West 121st street. Mr. Best was in his
fifty-eighth year, He was the proprietor of
Beat's Liliputian Bazar of tu a ‘T wenty-

third street. Tw ‘
the Beventh Mesiment. at Croton Daim with

Mite
» cor the next month,
with sums in them from $900 to 50 cents,
Flags Stolen at the Falr,

house |

RIL 22, 1900.

a

 

  

 

not go ahead | NO BONDSMAN FOR MRS, KEATOR

 

She Is in Jail in Chicago After a Series of
Extravagant Parchases,

Cricaco, April 21.—There ts gloom among
the servants at the Hotel Metropole since Mrs.
Clara B. Keator changed her quarters fo the
county jull on a charge of fraud In securing
dlfamonds. Mrs. Keator was the beat dis-
ponser of tips the bell boys and waiters there
have had for some time. The first day ahe
waa at the Metropole she madea purchase from
tho bar amounting to 15 cents. When the
waiter served her she gave him & ten-dollar
note and told him torun away and not come
back. She kept the pace set by the first day,
too, and never fatled to reward liberally those
Who waited on her

Further evidences of Mra, Keater’s money
distributing propensity were shown by the an-
houncement of the existence of an account
amounting to 88.600 with August Pollack,
tulor, at 1561 Michigan avenue, Mrs. Keater's
purchases are said to have been silk petticoats
exclusively,

A haberdasher’s bill for $180—for neckties of
one color and one style—and another Lill for

200 for silk socks for Mrs. Keater’s son, were
among those prewented to-day.

Mra. Keator, with two. daughters and
adopted aon, oecupied one of the most expen.
sive anitein the fashionable Hote! Metropole
She was arrested midnight Wednesday last ou
acaplos sworn out by the Hyman Berg Dia-
mond Company, charged with having secured
diamonds and other jewelry to the value of
S202 and with having refused to pay for
them. After her arrest it was found that other
Chieags merehants, cotably the Chieago Car-
pet Company, the ‘Robey Furniture Company,
the A. H. Revell Furniture Company ant the
A.C. MeClurg Book and Stationery Company,
had elatms against the woman aggrecutiog
nearly $50,000 more

Mra. keutor ia a native of Altoona, Pa., where
most of her relatives now live. Several years
ago while visiting in Colorado she met Keator,
a wealthy mine owner and married him. | He
lived but a short time leaving a fortune to Mrs,
Keator, who since her widewnood had spent
hundreds of thousands of dollars, if al! stories
regarding her are to be believed, in tr ivel in
thia country and in Europa, Whether she
has run through the estate left her by her
husband or has simply lived beyond her tne
come is not known

she declares she is still wealthy, but that the
wealth is notin such form as to he availible
for current needs, However, she seems unable
to fyid any one willing tosign her bail bond of
sestuou At the time of her arrest she was
thought by the police to be the notorious Diss
DeBar, but she easily proved that) theory
wrong.

GEN, ALGER IN) MOBILE.

 

 

His Business Was Sald to Be to Establish 1
Loumber-Exporting Concern,

Mopine, Ala., April 21. Russell A. Alger was
to-day the guest of the Chamber of Commerce
and the C ollectorof Customs, Gen. J, W, Burke
on the revenue euttor Winona. Gen, Alger was
nocompanied by Mrs, Alger, his daughter, Mrs
Shedion, and W. D, Manu of New York, Ae»
companied by a delegation of men prominent
loevally, the party inspected the shipping facill-
ties of the port and cnjoyed a trip on the
bay. It is said that the business of Gen,

Alger here is to eatablish a big lumber.
exporting concern, He expressod himself sat-
istled with what he saw and complimented the
local delegution on the increase of commerce
and local improvement, but deelinet to be tne
terviewed on the Question of pooling lum-
ber interests His companion, Col. Mann,
Was as uncommunicative on the subject of

forming a syndicate. The. welcome to Gen,
Alger was most cordial, Col. K. 1. Russell,
President of the Mobile an! Ohio Ratiroad, tak-
ing the leading part in the greeting, Gen Alger
aud patty jJeave in the morning for New
Orleans,

HIT BY A CABLE CAR,

Mra, Warren Stebbins of Brooklyn Knocked
Down in Broadway.

Mrs. Warren Stebbina of 18 Verona place.
Brooklyn, was knocked down by a northbound
cableecar at Broadway and Mail street last
night. She was returning from a visit uptown
and was accompanied by aman who said he
wasthe Rev. Arthar T. Pherson of 1127 Dean
street, Brooklyn, and another who said he was
Charles Burton of 1255 Bergen street, Brook-

 

yo.

Both tr.ed to draw Mrs. Stebbins back from
the rapidly approaching car and both were
thrown, Mrs, Stebbins got a deep cut over the
right eyeand bruises on the right side, She
was Unconscious when picked up and. was
taken into the store at 241 Broadway When
an ambulance was called Mra, Stebbina re-
covered consciousness and refused to go to the
Hudson street hospital. After her wounds
were dresse | abe drove off {n a cab with the
twomen, The gripman was arrested

Appleton Goodman,
PHILADELPHIA, April 21.--Miss Mary Pat-
terson Abercrombie Goodman, daughter of Major
and Mrs. Willlam FE. Goodman, was married at
noon to-day to Mr, Samuel A) Appleton of Marsh
field, Warrenton, Va., in St. Paul's P. B. Church,

Chestnut Hill, by the rector of the chureh, the Rev
John Andrews Harris, DD, ass.sted by the Rey

J. Clayton Mitchell of Trinity Parish, Hoboken
The bride was given away by her father. Miss
Ernestine Abercrombie Goodman was maid of
honor The bridemaids wore Mrs. Samuel
Goodman, Jr, Miss Marie Cottringer, Miss Mary

Ernestine Abercromble and Miss Kathleen Fore
Wattson. The best man was Mr Samuel Good
mon, Jr, and the ushers were Mr. John A.C
keith, Mr G. Latham Fletcher, Mr. Edward
Trotter Priee, and Mr Albert Fo Wattson Miss
Goodman is a great-granddauzhter of the late
Gen. Robert Patterson, who was conspicuous
for gatiantry in the wars of 1812, Mextean and
Florida wars and is also a granddaughter of the
late Gen. Abererombie of the Regular) Army
Mr. Appleton is the grandson of Julia Webster,
daughter of Dantel Webster, who now resides
in the old family homestead at Warrenton, Va.,
and there the newly wedded couple will also live,

Cornelias Wagner.

Putnapevvnra, April 21.—Miss Eleanor Rob-
erts Wagner, daughter of Mr. and Mrs, George
FE. Wagner, was married to Mr. William E

Cornelius of Pittaburg at noon to-day in St.
Michael's P. F, Church, Germantown, The
ceremony was pertorine! by Bishop Talbot. of
the central diocese of Pennsvivania, assisted
bythe rector of the ehurch, Dr, John K, Mur-
phy. Miss Wagner was given away by her
father, The matd of honor was Miss Anne de
bo Wagner, a sister of the bride, There were
no bridemaids, The best man was Mr. Henry
R. Cornelius, The ushers were Mr, Wilifam
Trainor and Mr, William A. Bostwick of Pitts.
burg, Pa, Mr G. Elwood Wagner, Mr. Thomas
Coxe, Mr. Robert C Cookman and Mr. John ©,
Cornelius, dr.

From the Order of St. George for Soldiers’

 

Widows, *

George H. Toop, Supreme Treasurer of the
Order of the Sone of St. George, sent by the
steamer Campania yesterday tothe Lord Mayor
of London, a draft for £1,000 to. be applied
tothe neeta of the widows and orphans of
soldiers in the Boer War, Another draft will be
sent in afew weeks. The Order of the Sins of
St. George exten is throuwhout this country.

Tt has $0,000 members, 6,000 of whom reside
in this city

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

   
 

 

   

   
  
 

 

  
   

  

    

  
 

 

 

 

 

  

  

 

 

   

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

   
 
    

  
   
   
 
 
  
   
 
   
    
   
     
  
  
   
  
   
 
  

“Wouldn’t It JAR You”—

after buying ILL-FITTING ready-
made clothes, to see your friends
wearing stylish, PERFECT-FIT-
TING Suits that we made to
Ineasure at $15.50—

“Wouldn't YOU Feel “Sore”?

Samples and Self measurement Blank
ma led free

IXraitons

| 229 Broadway, Opp. P, O.

One Door NORTH of Barclay St.

 

 

  
 
   
       
   
  
 
 
 
 

  

  

 

    

    

     
      
       

  
   
   
   
     
   
     
 
  
  
    
  
   
   
  
 
   
  
 
    
       
    
  
 
  
 

  
     
    
    
 
   
 

   
 

  
  

General Carriage Co,

ALL KINDS OF

AUTON

TO HIRE.
nee 95 PER MILE

es west 438d St.
TELEPHONE 3172 38TH ST. BRINGS ONE TO YOUR DOOR.

 

 

Pry Den. = Pele - P eee

DL

ORO WINS EASILY,

MAY FRWIN) ROBBED IN CHICAGO,

Defeats Keough by 600 to 481 in the Chame-
plonship Pool Match.

Alfrede De Oro, the pool champion, succasse
fully defended his title against the challenge
of Jerome Keough of Seranton in a s00-ball,
threo-night mateh, at Maurice Daly's Academy,

It's Happened Before and She Says It Is
/ Becoming Monotonous,

Crcaco, April 21.—-May Irwin, thre actress,
took anap atthe Wellington Hotel to-day and
is now out $50 and a fashionable purse, She
took atrip tothe South Side and ordered dinner

sentto her room shortly before 6 o'clock. winning by a score of 00 to 481, The
She ate und dozed off for a short sleep before | final block of 200 balls was played Inst
and De Oro easily maintainet

going to the theatre, The waiter returned,
rattled the dishes and woke Miss Irwin, She
missed her purse and reported the mattertothe
managementofthe hotel Prosident Gage called |
the waiter intothe private ofice and with the

|

'

|

|

| night

| the lead he has. established in the second
nignt’a play, which had ended with the tally of

docto 238 in his favor. By winning DeOro

becomes the absolute owner of the ehailenga

trophy, baving defended it against all comers

for aneriod of one year,

Next fall a new emblem will be offered for
competition in a tournament to be held ip chia
city, and the winner must defend it under the
same conditions that governed the prize De
Oro has just won. The score last night:

De Oro (407)—6, 0, 6, 14, 0,7, 14, 15, 18,15, 95,

nasistance of Manager Clark and Miss frwin
questioned him, The watter is a foreigner and
contd only answer in terrified tones, |
“Pet [tell vou feefty times [eannot gife you
gee money.” : a |
Then Mr Gage egiled in a policaman to assist |

      

  

him. Again the young man was put through : 0 ay
the inquisition, but he only repested his former | he ‘D 5,0, 2.12.14, 4, 15, 0, 0, 2.) Total, 600,
anawer, Mr. Gage says that he does not bee | 4 ne neh cee : Oe ’ 1M Bad. fh Bm OS 1s
Hevethe walter took the purse ‘s i, 18, 4, TTT, O, bo, be . °
Saean > or Scratches -De Oro, 5; Keough, 5.
The amount is not great, td the actress, Reteree—Ora Morningstar

 

“and Ido not wish to cause any trouble, but
this bustness of being robbed every time I
| come to Chicago is monotonous. Last year

was robbed of some jewels while at the Grand 7 ‘
Pacific and no clue was found to them,” Joe Sullivan of Jersey City and Alexander

-_— Johnson, colored, of Albany fought in the
principal bout at the Pelican A. ©, last night,
They were scheduled to box ten rounds at
122 pounds. It went the full distance and
Referee George Schwegler decided in favor of
Sullivan. Many of the spectators thought a
draw would have been more suitable,

Billy Barnett of Brooklyn and Billy Farrell
of New York met in the first bout of the night.
They were down for ten rounds at 115 pounds,
Farrell proved to be a hard hitter and in the
first round he put his man down twice. Farrell

committed a deliberate foul. in the second
round by pushing Barnett'’s head back with
his elbow. He repeated the foul again and
the referee disqualified him, giving the
| decision to Barnett. In the seeond “go.” forten
rounds at 135 pounds, Joe Donovan of New
York went up against Charles Ward of Brook-
iyn. The bout was declared a draw. Jim Barks
of New York and Charley Grafter were next on

Sullivan Whips Johnson at the Pelican A, ©,

 

PINNED UNDER A TROLLEY.

A Five-Year-Old Boy Surprises the Doctors
by Sorviving His Injurtes.

William Grifin, 5 years old, of 1837 Dean
street, while crossing Bergen street at Roch-
ester avenue, Brooklyn, yesterday afternoon,
was knocked down by a Bergen street troiley
carand so tightly pinned under it that it was
necessary to raise the car from the track be-
| fore the boy could be extricated, He was car-

ried to St. Mary's Hospital, but a block away,
| The doctors were surprised that the ehild had
' curvivedt bis injuries, which included @ com-
ound fracture of the skull and fracture of the
eft Jeg, whieh was amputated, It was said
Jast night that he could not live until morn-
ing. John Kelsey, the motorman, and Philip
Walters, the conductor, were arrested,

 

 

 

 

FELL BACK INTO THE RIVER, the card. They were scheduled to box
—— ten rounds at 138 pounds. Burke put

Policeman Nearly Drowned While Rescuing a | & right swing to the jaw in. the
Jersey Farmer, | first round, which sent Grafter down for «

count. When be got to his fect, although

kroggy, he sent & hard right across to the head
whieh staggered Burke. Just before the bell
Burke swung aright to the chin which sont
Grafter down and out.

The next bout brought together Mike
Valshof Brooklyn and Jack Hirseh of Hare

George Springer, aNew Jersey farmer who
had been seeing the sights in New York for
three days, fell into the East River at the foot of

Cherry street last night. Policeman Horan gota
rope jadder and, fixing it to the pier. climbed

 

down to the water. He grabbed Springer and lem. They were to box ten rounts at 120

started up with him, but the ladder broke and peneds. In the third round, when Walsh had

both fell back into the water. Springer got a | his man in the last stages of defeat, Hirech’s
| hold on the policeman’s neck and both | seconds threw up the sporge.

were sinking when William Wyant of 114 — -

Fighth avenue pulled them out. Springer was
tiken to Gouverneur Hospital, Horan changed
his clothes at the station and returned to his
post,

Spike Sallivan Wins on a Foul,

A young Philadelphia pugilist, heretofore
unknown to the local followers of the ring,
eame near blasting Spike Sullivan's reputas
tion at the Greenwood A.C, last night. Tha
name of the new comer is Young Starr, and,
true to his name, be shone conspicuously, The
men were to have met for twenty rounds at
catchweights, but on the thirteenth round Stare
was disqualified for hitting Sullivan while the
Jatter was on the floor, He broke the rules
often, but notwithstanding this he proved that
he isa good fighter

Starr gave Sullivan the worst beating of hia
career and the impression prevails that the
Philadelphian would have knocked him out
had the bout continued. Sullfvan fought with
only one hand after the third round,

 

FEEDING ADIRONDACK DEER,

Bashels of Oats to Keep the Wild Animals
From Starving.
From the Utica Observer

Mine Hoat Samue! D, Briggs of the Eagle Bay
Hotel came to town to-day with stories of the
woods, Thestorm which began March 1, he |
sald, was one of the severest that the Adiron-
dack men and beasts experienced in years, and
had it not been for the solicitude which the
former exhibited for the latter there would |

have been a searcity of deer for some seusons 7

tocome, When winter comes deer gather in 4* he sprained Wis right wrist, Eddies
droves and find some sheltered place where the Dougherty was referce, Sullivan tolt
feeding ia goo! and there remain until spring, | reporter oof | THe Sun that | the

| injury to hia hand will keep him ont of the
ring for months. Sullivan had. behind hin
fom Sharkey, Jim Buekley and his brothee
Jobn, Starr's handlers were Ed Dunfast,
Jimmy Kennedy and Joe Holland. Shurkoy
sas introduce to the sporta and received &
Warm greeting.

The opening combat of tan rounds was bes
tween “Iky" Kyan and Bobby Kennedy, both

The places where the de ercongrea@ate forthe
winter are called yards, and sometimes there
are upward ofa hundred ina yard. When the
anow falla they gain theirsubststence by die
ving down throuch the white mantle and root.
ing outthewrasa and roots, The snow ¥hich
fellin the big March storm was so deep that
even this aeant living was eut off. and the deer

began to die of starvation, W. West Durant vee!
ant Lieutenant Governor Wondrnff, both of | of DBrookisn, for the championship of ths
whom own extensive preserves in the woots Ninth ward. The weight was 122 pounds.

-the former Sagamore Lodge and the latter at Ryan knocked his man out in the third roun !

Take Kora—both interested themselves in The second tilt of ten rounda introduced
the welfare of the animals. Por upward Vugene Gareia and young Horning, also from
of a month Mr. Purant has had four Brooklyn, at 118 pounds, The result was @&
and Mr. Woodruff three men constantly draw,

employed in feeding the deer in the vards, eee

and as a result they have beeome aa | Fencers' Club Defeats the New Vork A.C,

Small herda have wandered
down to the barns at Lake rannd Sagamore |

Todze and have been fed with the cows, Tha | C
deer have hecome so used tothe presence of

tame as eattle .
The Fencera’ Club team won the New York Ay

cup last night by a seore of 6 pointa to 3
Teams of three each from the Fenoers’ Club

 

the men atthe vardathat they willestcarrota |, : _¥ :

mia Rate fat ot thle hand. Chward thi} aocheing to thee terme. of th
one hundred bi slaeof cats alone a bee wee ACCOPUIME € ns o h

ne hundred bushels of oa vione havea been | eontest each man had to meet every other

fed within the past month and ahalftothe | ane on the opposing team ina four-minuts

yarded deer Upward of two hundred ane ‘ ”

fifty ofthe Le a been fed daily ie bout with foil4. This made nine bouts alto

March 1. The yards are two miles apart awl | gether, Tho teams were:

the men have carried the provender te them on N.Y. AL C.-W. D, Lyon, Cecil Lyon and Charlies

anowshoes. This has beentheir only ocenha- Borbner,

tien aincea the work of feeding began, Thea itt po ub A.V. Z. Post Charles Tatham and
* s “a.

enow haa now disappeared to such an extent
i thatthe animals are now beginning todo for
| themselves.

It was experted that a team of the Boston A,
A would participate, but it withdrew at the
last moment, The results follow:

A.V. Z. Post beat Lyon, Post heat CG, Bothner,
Charles Tatham beat C Lyn, F. ‘Townsend beat W.
}), byon, Townsead beat C. Lyo Fownsend het
h thner, W. ty von beat Poet, W. D. Lyon bew
Fatham and Bothner beat Tatham

An Alibi,
From Fun
“Thear O'Flannaghan is going to prove af
alibi at his tria!.”
“What's an alibi, Pat?”

 

 

Kyle Breaks His Arm and Loses to Moran,

The weekly boxing tournamentof the Na-
| tional A. C. of Brooklyn was lively and Intere
‘esting, Joe Card was referee, The first bout
| introduced Richard Miller and Kid Mack, both
| of Brooklyn, They clashe! for ten rounds at
| 125 pounds Miller was allover his man from

the start, and he had Mack so far gone in the

 

fourth round that the referea stopped the ‘Sure, anlit’'« being in. two places at once.”
flghting and gave the deelsion to Miller LL er 7 eS
feeeond hot Harry Kvle and Charley |

Moran clasped hands for ten rout !s DANGERS FROM THE COLD AND

at 130) pounds This waa a slashing | BLUSTERY SPRING

| "go" until the fifth round, when Kyle broke
| his arn just above the elbow ‘

He was unable From New Vork Herald

 

 

  

  
 

  

ftoeome to thme for the sixth round, and the on 1)
referee waa compelled to decide in favor of | The present fall of temperature oyer &
Moran. Thethird bout wos between Charley | y ) '
MoNaliy of Brooklyn and Jack Smith of New (@Psee ared of country, and the probability of

| York, who met for fifteen rounds at ie bs z sé

| pounds, Smith kno hk Nally ¢ vw n tke its continuanee for some time, isvery likey
third round. twi he fourth Smith att Bia hy! Kamleh her at neat

| Uropped to the fl he wha hit law.’ toaffect the publie health by the increasd

1 A doctor was en corroborated what, of ail such troubles as commence with tha

| Smith said. Themanace:

ent, however, ealled

      

 

 

 

  

  

     

bit’ no sehe” The next boot wae to have been “ordinary cold.” In this connection wé
between Tommy Hogan of brooklyn and Joe :
Huss of New York, who were «lated for tite cannot lose sight of the faet that grip is
rounds at 170 pounds ‘se hande
bandaged and he refused to"rake the rags o j Stil previyling and although it is been
as requested, Maxey Hangh was subetitnted ' ne thore | j '
Althouah he was away over his opponent's on the wane there is a threat in the present
weight }Hiuss stayed the limit: e bout was ,
declhrat & cra, limitand the bout was | eqld wave of arevival of the former malige
nan of t we scourge
A Close Call for Golfer Var at Phila- | , ' !
detente indon at Phila We can hardly congratulate ¢ irselves that
a. |
Purnapenrnta, April 21.--There was an en- the cer from pueumonia is likely to he
thuainstic turnout of golf lovers at the, less with the incoming and inclement spring
course of the Philadelphia Country
, Me ) y than it was in the mont! fant Dy { yor
Club at Bala tueday to witness ae irons
Harry Vardon, the redoubtable English without the saving, then, that we cannot
| aad play the hest in wthfrty-six hole take too insiy precautions
mateh against Harry Guliane of the Philadel
chin Chisket Cheb end Wilile Phompeon of the Dr. Hunwphrevs’ Specilice ‘Seventy-seve
| Huntiogton Valley Country Club, All thre | (°77") restores the the checked cireulation
players “pressed” toward the finish, a fault tin ited Lyia sudden eLilb, the first sin
which had a palpable effect upon the medal bal tated E
scoring. It was thought that the proacthal'y of taking Cold; starts the hood coursing
invincible Vardon woul! meet hos tointeh rroud! , \ } ‘
against the two cever prote als Ho through the veins and so “breaks uy
close the contest really was can be bestundere Col Manual of all dise ' F
eioee The contest pealls, wai be La ) funual of al lisons espoulally
the morning round. He waaatill 2 imnd4 About ehildlyen, sent free
to go when by a spurt that_was really remark. ‘ ’
able he won the mateh by Lug For sate by all drugststa, or sent on
In the morning round Galline played spl ! i os
did wolf, In fact, bis was the “best | receipt of price, 25c, and 31.00, Hume

 

against which Vardon had toconten!. With

anything like help from his partner, the Brit.

ish champlon would have gone down to defeat,
| Thompsva was woelully off iu his game,

| phreys’ Homeopathic

Medicine Co., Woks
j Williain & Joba Sts, Nev

WwW Youu. -Ads

    

  
  

 

pre!

sa-~e=-— sara

ce eee atm al aaa Mle