%

  
  
  
    
      
   
  
   

a

 
   

CUBA'S STAT
IN THE SENATE ON THE

Ts
pees BACON RESOLUTION,

ator Plate of Connecticut Argues That the
in Supreme Command and
ould Not Be Controlled by
Congress Pantel and Chandler Dissent,
, waron, April 21.—The conference
og the Hawatian bill was laid before the
= aie today and with the consent of Mr, Cullom
- ) ini harge of the report, It was disagreed

feo
President Is

His Power ©

aH
, a new conference ordered, Senators Cullom
Chat Rep. Wyo) and Morgan (Dem. Ala.)
belng @PP* inted conferees

lutions offered yesterday by Mr. Bacon
calling for information as to extra
icers In Cuba and Porto Rico who
gre performing civil duties, and as to expendi
tyres for quarters, horses, mules, oquippages,
ge., for such officers, were laid before tho Senate

Remarks were inade in support of the resolutions
by Mr Pettigrew, (Sil Rep, S. D) who
erticised previous statements of the War Depart
ment In teply to resolutions offered by him on
the same subject, and declared that they were
of a plece with all the other statements coming
{rom the execulive department which were meant
to conceal and cover up all that had taken place

inthe islands
Mr Carter

The te
(Dem. Ga.)
pay to arn’

(Rep, Mon) defended the War
Department and sald that he had seen there this
moming four bound volmes of typewntten matter
prepared in response to the Pettigrew resolutions.
He spoke of the unavoidable extra expenses of
army officers performing civil functions In Cuba
and Porte Rico and said that some of those officers
bad made representations to the War Department
of the posiven In which they were placed, being
compelled to make expenditures beyond their
army pay. The allowances made in such cases
were not extra pay, but were temporary allow

ances made by the President to meet the occasions

The President, be said, was In supreme command
In Cuba, answerable, in & measure, to Congress,
but not disposing of any money over which Con
gress had direet control. ‘The amounts paid were
tanen out of the revenues of the island and were
merely to meet the expenses of the military oc

cupation

Mr. Platt (Rep., Conn.) argued that the only
guestion for the Senate was whether the allowan-
ces to army ofiicerts charged with theeivil admin
{stration of the affairs of Cuba were reasonable or
were extravagant, “Is Congress,” he asked, “to
legislate for Cuba? What right has Congress
to lewisiate for Cuba, any more than for Canada?

Mr. Daniel Deo not the laws of the United States
as t the pay and emoluments of army otheers
apply in Cuba, or do they net’

Wr Platt As to the pay and emoluments of
army officers, yes; butas to what el all be done in
Cuba, no Cuba ts under military authority
It is in military oceupauon, That oecupauon
is under executive authority, and not under legis-
lative authority

Mr, Daniel expressed his surprise at the doe
tine of absolutism laid down by Mr. Platt, Such
e doctrine, he said, should not ge unchallenged.
The Presudent of the United States has certain
srecific. powers under the Constitution He
yond those, his greatexecutive duty was tosee that
the laws were faithfully executed, It was 4
new, if not purely original, idea of the Senator
frm Connecticut that the President was so far
bevond the laws of the United States that Con-
gress could not determine his duties 4s 4 military
olficer in executing a specific order

Is not that the Noasorning of the imperial
idea” Mr. Tillman broke tn,

it is not its blossoming,” Mr,
‘it is its perfected and rotten fruit, It will fall
from the tree of its own weight, And T trust it
will do something to remind the people of the
couniry of the fearful precipice over which they
stand, and remind them that they should be more
careful than they have been in trusting their
lives, fortunes and military destinies to illimitable
executive wer”

Mr Daniel declared that the doctrine enun
cinted by Mr Platt would remit this country to
the most complete militarism and absolutism that
the world had ever known

Mr. Chandler (Rep., N. H.) expressed his dis
sent from the doctrine stated by the Senator from
Connecticut,that the military power of the Presi
dent in Cuba could not be controlled by legisla
tion of Congress, He admitted that allowances

might legally be made to cover the expenses of
army officers in Cuba who were verforming mili
tary duties, but he did not think that their salaries
could be legally increased.

Mr. Tillman expressed a strong desire to know
when the island of Cuba would be turned over to its
own people, “I think,” he said, “that the Ameri
ean people would be very much delighted to know
when the pledge to give the Cuoans absolute
autonomy and to withdraw from the Island is to
be carried out”

After further discussion the two resolutions
were agreed to.

Senate bill for the purchase of the property
known as the Corcoran Art Gallery in the city of
Washington, at a price not exceeding $382,500,
was passed

rhe Quay ease was then taken up and Mr.
Perkins (Rep., Cal.) addressed the Senate in
favor of the right of Mr. Quay to a seatin the Sen
ate under the appointment of the Governor of
Pennsylvania. TN Quay case then went over
till Monday next, after the routine morning busi
ness, and the Senate adjourned until Monday.

Daniel replied,

 

VOLCANO IN THE PHILIPPINES.

Col. Howe's Report on the Eruption of Mayon
Earthquake Breaks Deep Sea Cable.
Wasminaton, April 21.—Col. Walter Howe
of the Porty-seventh Infantry has made 4 report
to the War Department on the eruption of the
riicano Mayon, eight miles from Legaspi, in the
Philippines. He says that it commeneed on the
aflernoon of March 1, and that with the naked
eye one could see large stones thrown out. He
aids
‘Tha eruption fluctuated from time to time,
but gradually grew worse, until large streams
of red hot lava could be seen at night flowing
down the mountain, one stream apparenuy reach
fig the 9a about six miles from here. For one
day and night the eruption was accompanied by
@ rumbling noise, at times Increasing to 4 roar,
which was very torrnfying. All the houses in
Legasp) shook and windows and doors ratiled
On the morning of March 8 this vibration and
noise Was very trying. There was no wind, and
the clouds of smoke could be seen reaching far
{nto the heavens, petha pa five miles or more above
the top of the voleano. This spread out and cov-
ered the town, the sun became obscured, and a thin
loud f ashes fell constantly. It cleared in the
@ftetnoon sufllelently to show about one half the
Crater at sunset, but the rumblin, and roaring,
Wilh the flow of lava, continued all night. This
Motning (March 4) the eruption seeama to be prac
u ver, although smoke obscures) the moun-
Vin ond aveara is aul rising from the hot lava.”
the delay in the teeerpt of nows at the War De
part ‘nt from the troops at lloilo and other points
gn the island of Panay was explained today by
mn AoW. (rreely, chief of the Signal Corps of
the Army, who se.d that the interruption is due
k t Dreak in the deep sea cable caused by_a vio
*ntearthquake ‘The Signal Corps in the Phillp
ines have begun the construction of a new cable
| ’ ebu and Ormac, on the island of
; * to connect with Manila. Gen Greely sald
bh any that the interruption of the Ine between
2 ‘nd Manila will break all cable communica
; A with the lower islands of the Philips ine group
Sout May 1, by which time it is expected to

have t)

» break repaired

$50,000 FIRE IN) GREENPOINT.

Bomp Storage Department W One of the
Cordage Trust's Plants Gutted,

The hemp storage department of the Ameri-
+ Manufacturing Company's jute mills at
‘oole and West streeta, Greenpoint, was
Giutted yesterday by fire. The plant is the
en extensive controlled by the Cordage

rust and employs nearly one thousand men,
rr men and boys and occupies two blocks All

: ‘partments areseparated by brick. walls.
mined to the storage depart-
ahiha’ tinterfera with the operation
Fa ciills ¥ ven the machinery was started at
ee bamage to building and stock

 
 

“wo Miserly Sisters Assaaited and Robbed.
Ps DLETOWwN, N. Y., April 21.~Martha and
‘rah J. Rainer, spinsters, living near Glen-
: re Lake, were assaulted and robbed this
r roing. Martha is dangerously injured
he sisters wore misers, living squalidiy and

Were ay,
* Supposed to have large sums of money in |

the house

“i The robber seeured $50, Four
} Ars ago, this family were found dressed Yo
vad ees, all iil with pneumonia, and one
Sister a ee in & chair, Since that time one
Deg ang t hrother have died, it is eald, from
Baa ter themselves, The two alaters were
Years geo ee fObbed in a similar manner two

eau.

A Bit of Nickory Nut Kills a Little Girl.
mp \Kucawiez, 20 months old, of 59 North
Pet strect. W
Piss reet, Williamsburg swallowed a small
thr * hickory nut yesterday, It lodgedin her
ir eller mother undertook to remove It,
Wyn, “1 pressed the obstruction into the
koa wie hen the child began to gasp Mrs.
astern a and her hueband hastened to the
Vp Silas Once hospital! with the little one,
il Med ben alradell removed the nut, but the

ocOme sO Weak that she died,

  

\

  

‘eaijlors enlisted, respectiv ly, in the army or navy

|

|

 

 

|

 

i} actof Aug. 1, 1802, entitled ‘An Act relating to the

| of a kindergarter

 

FEDERAL EIGHT-HOUR LAW.

The Measure Agreed Upon by the House Com-
mittee on Labor,

WASHINGTON, April 21, --The House Commit
tee on Labor to-day concluded its consideration of
the bill generally known as the Eight-Hour law,
and with the commiiwe's next meeting it will be
in order © move that it be reported to the House.
The committe struck cut the first and third
sections, because they were practically a repetition
of the law of Aug. 11, 1882. When the bill was
originally drawn, said Chairman Gardner, that act
had never been enforced, nor, 80 far as the com-
mitue knew, had any effort been made to enforce
it. Since then, however, in the Bledsoe case, there
was a conviction under itin the Federal Court for
the Northern Histrict of California, and tts consti
tutionality aMrmed, So the committee believed
it safer to abide by the law than attempt tointer-
fere with it in aay way and jeopardiz: its validity
So Mr. Gardner, who had written the bill, with the
approval of the Federation of Labor struck out the
see tons relating to that law, and the committee
sustained him, ‘The bill as finally agreed upon
reads as follows:

“Secdon 1 That each and every contract to
which the United States, any Territory or the Dis-
trictof Columbia is a party, and every contract
made for or on behalf of the United States or any
Terntory oor said District, which contract
may involve the employment of labor
ers, workmen or mechanics, shall contain a
stipulation that no laborer, workman or me¢hanic
in the employ of any contractor or sub-contractor,
doing or contracting to co any partof the work
contemp'ated by the contract, shall be required or
permitted to work more than eight bours in
any one calendar day, and each an
every such contract’ shall stipulate a pen
alty for each violation of the stipulation di-
rected by this act of $5 foreach laborer, workman,
or mechanic, foreach and every calendar day in
which he shall labor more than eight hours; and
the inspecwor or other officer or person
whose duty it shall be to see that the
provisions of any such contract are copped
with shall report to the proper officer of the Uni
States, orany Territory or the District of Columbia,
all violations of the stipulation in this act provided
forineach andevery contract, and the amount of
the penalties stipulated in any such contract shall
be withheld by the offcer or person whose duty
{t shall be to pay the moneys due under such con-
tract, whether the violations for which said pen-
alties were imposed were by the contractor, his
agent or empioyees, or any subcontractor, his
agents oremployees. No person cn behalf of the
Lnited States, or any Territory or the District of
Columbia, shall rebate or remitany penalty im-
posed under any stipulation herein provided for,
unless upon a iinding, which he shall make up
and certify, that such penalty was imposed by
reason of anerrorof fact

“Section 2. That nothing in this act shall
apply io any existing contracts or to soldiers and

of the United State; nor te trensportation by
land or Water; nor to contractors forsuch mater als
as may be usually bought in the open
market, whether manufactured to conform
tw parteulor specifications or not; nor in time of
extraordinary emergency caused by fire, flood, or
danger to lieor property; nor upon public mili-
tary or naval works in time of waror when war is
imminent; nor shall anyt! ing heretn be construed
as an attemptto abridge the pardoning power of
the Bxceutive; noras renealing or modifying the

limitation of the hours of daily services of laborers
and mechanics emploved upon the public works
of the United States and of the Distriet of Colum
bia.’

BEAT HIS DYING WIFE.
Charge Against a Bridge Car Conductor—Has
Two Polictes on His Wife's Life.

Michael J. Kairns, who is employed as a con-
ductor on the Bridge railroad, was sent to Ray-
mond Street Jail for ten days by Magistrate
Bristow of the Adams street station in Brook-
lyn yesterday on a charge of intoxication, to
which he pleaded guilty, and on his release he
may be tried on a charge of assaulting his wife,
who is dying of consumption at their home,
130 Nassau street, Mrs. Kairns has been sick
for nearly a year, and, on Friday, the doctor in
attendance having informed her relatives that
she eould not recover and might dle at any
time, the Rev. Father Tierney of the pro-Ca-
thedral in Jay atreet administered tne last
rights of the Church

A few hours later her husband returned
home drunk, and, it is sald, that after driving
his sister-in-law away from his wife’s bedside
he seized his four-year-old daughter Alice and
usec the child as a club to beat his wife with.
Finally, it is sald, he threw the child on the
bed on top of the dying woman.

Father Tierney having been told that. this
had occurred had Detective Sergeant O'Brien
summoned from the Adams street station,
Katins was arrested, and when he was searched
at the station two insurance policies on hia
wife's life were found in his pocket, When ar-
raigned yesterday morning he admitted that
he had been drunk, and begged the Magistrate
to be mereiful as he was likely to lose his job
on the Bridge if he was sent to jail, He also
promise! to take the pied ze. When asked
about hiatreatment of his dying wife he pro-
fexsed to have no recollection of what had
taken place, In addition to Alice, who ts 6
very sickly child, the couple have another
child, Mamie, 12 years old,

 

FREEL'S PAWNSNOP AFIRE.

Detectives Carry Out Diamonds and Jewelry—
Two Canary Birds Soffocated,

Fire was discovered yesterday afternoon In
the cellar of Henry Freel's pawnshop at 2
Chambers street. Freel was about to close up
wher, he saw smoke coming from the cellar,
He grabbed a pail of water and started down-
atuirs, but was compelled to turn back, owing
tothe smoke. Mr. Freel’s family were notified
an! they got out of the anartments on the
upper floors in safety, Detectives Allen and
Diesler went intothe shop and, gathering up
all the diamonds and jewelry that were in the
window, carried them to the Onk atreet atation.
Two eanary birds which were left behind by
the family were kliled by the smoke, The fire-
men suceceded in confining the flames to the
cellar, which was filled with pawned goods.
The damage amounted to about $5,000,

 

DIED OF A PLOW,

Employees of a Tallor Shop Had Fan With
Feinberg When He Asked for Work.

Jacob Feinberg, a tailor, 45 yeara old, died
yesterday at his home, 10% Division street, of
injuries received, the police say, on Tuesday in
the tailor shop of Goodstein & Malawisto at &3
Canal street, The employees started to have
fun with Feinberg when he applied for work,
and one of them, it is said, struck Feinberg on

the head with a felt roller, used for prepelng
clothes, The police arrested Harris M. Goot-
atein, one of the proprietors ot the store, and
Nicholas Skalencho, @ tailor who lives at 68
Princes street, Goodstein denied hitting Fein;
berg. Detective Rheehan, who investigated
the case, says that Xkalencho admitted to him
that he hit Poinberw on the back with the felt
rolier, but did not hit him on the head,

Ethical Caltare Society's Fresh Air Fand,

The Young Men's Union and the Ladies’
Committee of the Society forEthicalCulture will
hold the annual entertainment for the benefitof
the Fresh Air Puud of the society and the Hud-
son guild on Saturday evening, April Zé, at
Sherry's. The programme will consist of a
coneert anda series of tableaux. Among the
artists who have volunteered for the concert
are Mr. Henry Wolfsohn, Mra, Catherine Fisk,
contralto, and Mr, Leo Altman, violinist. The

work of the Fresh Air Fund {s non-sectarian, |

The children are recruited from branch organt-
zations of the society, such as the Working-
men’s Sehoo!, the Crippled Children’a Guild,
and the Hudson Guild for Boys and Girls 1 he
Jatter, which will receive half of the proceeda
of the entertainment, is managed by Dr, John

Kiliet, and Its principal activities consist
a mothera’ club, schools for
boyanand a@iris, and lectures on household
economy for ehildren. More than five hundred
boys an girls receive the benefits of the Hud-
son guild every year

 

Wanted His Wife's Death Investigated.
stephen A. FoluholY of 663 Sixth avenue
asked Coroner Hart yesterday to investigate
the death of his wife, who died in the New
York Hospital on March 21) of peritonitis. Ne
said he wantelto find out if his wife had re-
eolved proper medical treatment at her home

before she was taken tothe hospital, Coroner
Hart sent for Dr, BD. H. Smith of fay West

| Thirty-fourth street, who was one of the physl-

clans in attendance at her home Dr, Smith
said that everything possible had been dove
for the woman. The Coroner sald he would
get areport of the autopsy from the hospital
authoritles aS

Daze on a Three-Masted Schooner,

The cook on board the three-masted schooner
Clara A. Phinney, lying at Coenties alip, spilled
a pan of grease over the range in the galley
yesterday afternoon causing a fire that brought
around the fire boat Zophar Mills and three
fire engine companies, he flames were ex-
tinguished after the firemen had been at work
afew minutes, Captains of three ships lying
near the schooner had their vessela towed out
in the middle of the river to avoid any danger
that might resnit from the spread ofthe flames

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY, APR

Cn eee

Rew Publications, —

 

THE

WORLD'S
GREATEST -
NOVELIST

Half-Price Balzac Club
. Will Soon Close.

ARAAAAAA APL AARARARSARAR ARERR RAR RRA AARARAALRAREADRA DS mn Pee eT TT Tee ee

VICTOR HUGO says: “First among

the greatest; highest among the best. claimed for Batzac.

says: ‘To the novelists of the nine-
teenth century wnat Shakespeare was |
to the dramatists of the sixteenth and
seventeenth centuries.”’ |

Dr. CYRUS A. BARTOL says: ‘He
has no peer yet in the English

“Nearer to omniscience than the most | every other novelist.

gifted of ordinary mortals.”’

THEN. Y. TIMES says: “The most
powerful novelist who ever lived, and
his understanding of human nature
equalled Shakespeare’s.”

you read fiction, why not read the

read” as truly as Thackeray, Dickens or Shakespeare.

exist for us even more truly than Shakespeare's heroes and heroines.”

Pitted RAAARAAAAAA - aa pe Ptr PrP PPPS

THE AUTHOR'S PLAN.

BaLzac wrote eighty-eight wonderful stories, varying in length
from fifteen to four hundred pages. Many of them are “the most
delightful short stories ever written.” None of them too long.
Each is complete in itself, and there is no repetition, no padding.
They depict human nature as it is, with all its great principles—-
hence he gave to the series the title of THe Comepie Humaine, and
divided it into seven great divisions, or scenes: Provincial Life, Private
Life, Political Life, Parisian Life, Military Life, Country Life and Philosophi-

cal Studies.
THE EDITION ROYALE

consists of 32 volumes, averaging 389 pages, and totaling over

12,000 pages.

TYPE AND PAPER were specially chosen with reference to each other. The
type is large, clear, and specially set for this edition, which

is its first impression. The paper is a fine, laid, deckle-edged stock, not too smooth to take

ink evenly. Uncut edges, gilt top.

PRINTING AND BINDING~—The greatest care has been exercised in the
press-work and binding. Two styles of bind-
Both are handsome and durable, and bear attractive

No other

ing are offered—cloth and half-leather.

designs stamped in gold-leaf.
|

3 A De Luxe Edition at “Popular” Prices.

| ‘Twill pay you to investigate, no matter when you propose buying—no matter

(3 what you propose paying. If you cannot conveniently call at our office to examine
specimen volumes and samples of the fine illustrations,

| MAIL US THE COUPON GIVEN OPPOSITE.

It will bring you full information about the books and also about the Club which makes

possible the special “before-publication” price and the small monthly payments (if

you choose), which mean

ONLY A FEW CENTS A DAY.

 

 

 

PRICE POSITIVELY ADVANCED AFTER PUBLICATION.

| THE UNIVERSITY SOCIETY,

    
  

  

anne + ran

Special, Before Publication,

AAA AAARRARARAL

His powerful romances form
RICHARD HENRY STODDARD | 2 union of lofty qualities—keen insight, profound knowl-
' edge, fascinating interest and epigrammatic force—which,
blended and clothed in the imist of an undefinable charm,
| place him alone and peerless in the heights of classic
fiction. This is not the arbitrary opinion of a few, but
the consensus of criticism in three great countries. The
quotations here given rank his genius above that of

| T loftiest position in the realm of pure fiction is

If your library is to contain the choicest thought of
the world, why not include the greatest novelist?

world wide interest and enduring charm?

the literature of the world than any living man.”
appreciation of the author, are critical and explanatory, and deal with each story separately.

ILLUSTRA TIONS— Here also will this edition excel.

ew Publications, |

 

 

|
|
|
|

 

BALZAC AT TWENTY-FIVE

SAAR AA AAA AL IY MRRP ttt tel te tte Pop te tat teste pm ted todo ttt Date anne

SOME CRITICAL OPINIONS OF BALZAC.

CHARLES DICKENS says: ‘‘He
| ranks as one of the few great geniuses
'who appear by ones and twos in cen-
‘tury after century of authorship, and

who leave their mark ineffaceably.”

JULIAN HAWTHORNE says: ‘Not
‘content merely to picture the world,
‘he has chapters in heaven, in hell, and
\in the realms of mysticism and
/magic.”’

THE N. Y. SUN says: “The su-
preme novelist of the century in his
splendid solitude.’’

If a
PAUL BOURGET says: ‘One must

go to Shakespeare to discover a genius
so strong and so genuine.”

 

best—the novels of

Realism, Idealism, Tragedy, Comedy, Description, Analysis, Narration.

All the elemental principles of romance are found in the series of novels entitled “The Comedie Humaine.” Balzac is a writer “whom every one should
He depicted distinct, living, breathing personalities.
more real than many a character in his crowded scenes. He created an entire society of more than two thousand personages. Professor Trent, a profound
student of Balzac, says: ‘Of this tremendous throng, an amazingly large number are living, breathing men and women, moving amidst unfading scenes, and they

Falstaff, Lear, Pickwick and Becky Sharp are not

 

AARAPR AAA ARLD LAPD LLDPE APD PPPoA

THE FAMOUS SAINTSBURY TEXT.

This is the only full and exact American printing of the
famous Saintsbury Edition.
or garbled. We have purchased the exclusive American rights of
publication for the edition and reset it in new type.
translated by well-known English scholars; and we have added
three stories originally lacking in the series.

INTRODUCTIONS~—-W: also include the complete prefaces of MR. GEORGE

Others so claiming are fraudulent

The text is

SAINTSBURY, who is credited with “knowing more about
These introductions, so necessary to a full

edition contains them fully,
It draws illustrations from

three sources: (1) Reproductions of the best etchings in the

famous English edition; (2) redrawings of well-known subjects in the first French edition;
(3) many original sketches made by distinguished American artists expressly for this edition.
There are more than 130, all told, done in photogravure and printed by hand on genuine
Japan paper.

Remember, this De Luxe Edition, which you yourself will say is the most beautiful,
durable and desirable in every way, can be secured only through us. We are making it from
first to last, and it will surpass any and every other edition. It is ours alone, It cannot be
had in asi

y book store,

ae ALP Prat tential ttre trate fe pete te ttm Pt tem les

WHAT THE COUPON DOES:

It will pay you to send for tandsomely illustrated booklet entirely free of cost. The
booklet contains a biography and critique of Balzac, maxims from his writings, specimen
THIS COUPON BRINGS IT TO YOU,

MAIL THIS COUPON TO-DAY:

ww wt INQUIRY COUPON w uw

THE UNIVERSITY SOCIETY, NEW YORK:

lam interested in BALZAC. Please send me, with-
out cost, “‘booklet’’ and full particulars of your Club offer to advance
subscribers.

pages and illustrations.

   
    
   
     
   
    
  

  

Name

Street

City

LALLA AAA tn

78 FIFTH AVE.,
NEW YORK.

 
   

 
 
 
      
 
 

ee pee ig ii gta ei ae aaenaaarteeeeE
‘ ee cee ot

ene oe at eee eer

oo