|

SSS

 

 

SUNDAY, APRIL 22, 190

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.

DAILY. per Monto ‘at
DAILY, per Year ; inianeaeasens
SUNDAY, per Year
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month

Postage to foreign countries added

THE SUN, New York City

PARIS~Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel

Kioaque No 10, Boulevard des Capucines

 

60 50
600
200
8 00

a0

and

Jt our friends who fucor us with manuscripts for
publication wish to Rave rejected ariicies returned, (hey
must in als cases serid stamps for that purpose.

————

Why Senator Wellington's Platform
Will Not Do,

The Hon. Grorae L. WELLINGTON of
Maryland, whose place in the Senate stands
in the name of the Republican party, has
announced that he will not support the
Republican Presidential nominee |f the
latter is placed upon a platform tolerat-
ing the ideas of ‘a colonial tariff and the
permanent retention of the Philippines.”

Inasmuch as Senator WELLINGTON ex-
presses the belief that the platform to be
adopted by the Philadelphia convention will
be of that nature, he means that he is cer-
tain to be a bolter,

Through the bhimble medium of the senior
Benator of Maryland, therefore, a question
has been put forward prominently for gen-
eral consideration, which later the coming
Democratic platform of Kansas City may
make of the first importance.

The Republicans have already virtuaily
pronounced for the retention of the Philip-
pines and a colonial tariff, that is for the
principle that, for territory belonging to the
United States, it is within the power of Con-
gress to discriminate as to imports and ex-
ports bet ween such territory and the States,
Itis the dictate of political common sense
that, when once launched uponsuela policy,
it must be adhered to, since to withdraw froin
it would be to withdraw from contest with
the opposition that compels such a surren-
der. There is, however, another reason why
the Republican party should take the course
opposed by Senator WKLLINGTON which is
{incomparably weightier than their aeci-
dental identifleation with it

The truth is that the party which should
maintain that the United States are power
jess to acquire territory outside of their
former borders without recognizing every
rule and regulation imposed upon the
States themselves by the Constitution, in
other words, that the United States cannot
establish a ‘colonial tariff,’ or are practi-
cally debarred by the Constitution from
expanding and competing with other great
nations in the development of the globe,
would be utterly and disgracefully beaten in
a national election

The American Republic has lived comfort-
ably and progressively for more than a cen-
tury with the right to make ‘colonial
tariffs’ asserted and practised almost from
the first. It will not renounce it, at this time
in the world’s history of all others,

Syracuse University.

Of the universities situated in the State
of New York the institution established in
the city of Syracuse is the voungest, but
the remarkable rate of jts development
during the last quarter of a century has
niready given it high rank. Its doors wero
not opened until i871, and in i880 it had
only 288 students. By 1890 the number of
those benefiting by ifs opportunities was
649, and it has risen to 1,402 in the present
academical year. In these figures young
women as we!) as men are comprehended,
the institution being founded on the coedi-
cation principle There are now 136) pro-
feasors and teachers in the several depart
Ments of the university

The Syracuse University includes four
organized departments. These are: ‘The
college of liberal arts, the college of tne
arta, the college of medicine, andthe college
of law.
prises a classica) course, a philosophical
course and a yeneral
together with spectal courses in civil en-
eineering and electrical engineering ‘The
degrees obtainable in this department vary
according to the course of studies pursued
They comprise those of Bachelor of Aris,
Bachelor of Philosophy, Bachelor of Science,
Flectrical Mngineer and Civil knawineer. Care
{staken at this seat of learning to preserve
the traditional significance of the A.B de
gree. Applicants for admission to the clas-
sical course must offer both Greek and Latin,
and they are required to study both of these
languages during the freshman and sopho
more years, dhe other conditions for ad
mission do not differ from those preseribed
at other first-rate universities. The philo-
eophical eourse leading to the degree of
Bachelor of Philosophy is nearly identical
with the classical modern language,
however, being substituted for one of the
ancient tongues, [tis unnecessary to offer
either Greek or Latininorder to matriculate
in the general or special courses in sclence
We should add that the whole number of
undergraduates, resident gradiates and spe-
cial students in the college of liberal arts
is 727, or eighty-three more than last year,

An interesting feature of this institution
fs the college of fine arta, which = offers
courses in architecture, music, painting and
belles-lettres, and, according to the cur-
riculum pursued, confers the degree of
Bachelor of Architecture, Bachelor of Let
ters, Bachelor of Painting or Bachelor of
Music. Candidates for admission to any of
the four courses offered by this college are
examined in Fnglish, in geovraphy, in his
tory, in physics, in arithmetic, in algebra
and in plane and solid geometry. They are
not required to present either Greek or
Jatin. Those art students who do not care
to «pend four years in college and who re
wince the hope of securing degrees may
all enda normal) art course, which covers a
eeriod of two years, and ts plunned to pre
yare young persons for the position of
teachers and superintendents of drawing i
schools, ‘The number of students in the
college of fine arts is now 522, which means
an increase of 132 since last year

The college of medicine and the college
of jaw contain each 100 students. No one
fs permitted to enter the former college
with the intention of taking the degree ol
Doctor of Medicine until be has earned the
medical student's certificate preseribed by
the Regents of the University of the State
of New York, and he must, in addition, pass
examinations in alwebra, plane
and Tatin Fhe currienlum
years, but a student who intends to take at
Syracuse not only a college course, but also
a@ professional course in medicine or jn
law, can take advantage of the elective
system in such a way as fo save twelve
months, thus completing the four years’
eollege course and the four years’ course

The college of liberal arts com-

course il seclence,

any

geometry
eovers four

$$$ TS

 

| from the

in medicine in seven years; or, the four
years’ college course and the three years’
law course in six years, Applicants for ad-
mission to the law sehool, unless they are
eraduates of a High-grade
eollegge, Inust piss an examination Upon the
subjects prescribed in the rules of the Court
of Appeals of the Stute of New York, ex
cept that a certificate of the Board of Ke
gents of the State of New York, @ diploma
issued by a high school or academy main:
taining satisfactory courses of study, or a
certificate of admission to any college ot
hiversity of approved grade, may be ace
cepted in lieu of such an examination

Ihe fee for tuition in the college of
liberal arts is $75 a year for the courses in
the classics, in philosophy and in general
for tuition in eivil or electrical
engineering one must pay $100, The inel-
dental charges are $30a year, Inthe college
of fine arts the fee for tuition is $120, but

university of

acence,

the incidental charges amount to only $15
annually, Inthe college of medicine tuition
costs $126 and in the college of law, $1004
year. Weshould mention that the vost of liv-
ing in Syracuse is comparatively low, ‘Thus
last vear, one student expended only $2%
two students found that $277 apiece covered,
all the necessary outlay, (wo spent $290
apiece, one, $806, and several each for
the twelvemonth, Neither rooms nor
board are provided by the university, but

 

accommodations are easily procurable in
Syracuse, It seetna that students needing
to increase their income while in college
can frequently find employment of various
kinds in the city. Upon the whole, there
are few, if any, institutions in this country
where a liberal education is obtainable at
80 small an outlay of money.

The Really Great Southern Problem,

A conference for the discussion of the
“race problem” is to be held at Montgom-
ery, in Alabama, on three days of May,
extending from the Sth to the 10th, ‘That
problem, of course, is the negro question,
and the conference is to be held under the
auspices of the Southern Society and is “to
be controlled entirely by Southern men,”
though two Northern men, Dr. Prisseun,
the Principal of the Hampton Institute for
the industrial education of negroes, andthe
Hon. Bovrk& CockRraNn of New York have
been invited to be among the speakers.
The approach of thisconference has induced
the delivery and subsequent publication
of a thoughtful address on the negro
problem hy the Rev. EoGar G. Murpay,
rector of St. John’s Church at Montgomery,
of which we have received a copy; but it
does not touch what seems to ua to be the
main subject for the consideration of the
conferenee

The Rev, Mr. MURPARY makes a distine-
tion between “Southern” and ‘Northern’
for Which thera is no justification. He
speaksof them as if they were the names of
distinet peoples, with separate civilizations,
political institutions and typ °s of character.
Actually, of course, there is no such dis-
tinction, The States of the Ameriean
Union make up a common nation with
common jniterests, politically tndissoluble
and mutually interdependent. Except inthe
States along the Gulf of Mexieo, and thereto
astiglt extent only, no climatic differences
exist which make any such distinetion in
the character and temperament of the popu-
lation us that supposed to exist between
inhabitants of the temperate and tropie
vones. ‘The population of the States called
Southern, as lving below the now almost
forgotten Mason and Dixon line, is in ite
as that of

 

origin substantially the
New Fogland,

wholly

Satine

In religion it is the same

Slavery in that Southern belt of States
onve constituted a real distinction between
the civilizations of North and South; the
labor system in one was radically different
from that of the other. The ratio of repre-
sentationofl the southern States inCongress
and the electoral vote being pecuilar also
because of slavery, there was a political
difference jikewlse. But now all that has
passed away, Politically and socially, inthe
system of labor and in business methods
and interests there is no longer any such
distinetion,. The South is no more apart
than is the West or the Rast or a northern
county of @ single State from a southern
county. The inhabitants of one part of
the Union are free to emigrate to anyother
part and to enjoy and exereise political
privileges equal to those whieh belong to
the inhabitants with whom they vast
their lot,

The concern in the negro question or the
“race problem,” therefore, is uot limited
tothe geographically Southern States, but

 

 

ertends toevery part of the Union, for each
is concerned in the welfare of all. The so-
valled has no which are
distinguishable from those of the so-called
North. No settlement of the question of
negro labor whieu is not for the advantage
of the South can disad

South interests

be otherwise than

vantageous to the North Prosperity at
the South is of common benefit to the
whole Union, and whatever disturbs
prosperity there reacta injurlously upon
all The Southern States especially
need to command the approval and

to convince the judgment of the Northern
States their political policies and
methods, becanse fromthe North comes the
chief part of the eapital on which Southern
industries must depend for thelr develop.

bv

ment, and capital is secured only by gain-
Ing faiy and

goverment and
struction of the sectional prejudice which Is
only another name for provincial feeling
It has no toleration for inherited prejudices
and for heartournings
| but is afraid of them, It
demands, first of all, harinony and a
dominant feeling of nationality. So long,
therefore, as have what fis called the
“solid South or a group of States whieh
yote solidly on one side

its confidence through wise

and the elimination de-

enmitios
ost) cause

over a

we

whatever the issue

so that practically there is no political dis

    

 

 

 

eussion in ther.the group segregates itself |

nation, With results injurious to
itself and dangerous to the rest,

That isthe subject which should engage
the thought ofthe Montgomery conference
as the niost serious problem now confront.

ing the Sout ‘Lhe race question wil! set-

tle itself, and already it has made only
sporadic trouble, At any rate, its settle.
ment cannot be forced, Inasmuch as the
Southern States veed the labor of the
negro population, sinee in it they enjoy

great ndvantages in compet/tion with the
labor of the rest of the world, it is) plainly
to their treat the

interest fo Negroes

with cautious consideration, Complaints
are made of the negroes and = justly;
but such complaints can be made of all

labor, Here in New York now we have he-
fore us a race problem in the instance of
the Italian riotersat Croton Dam, We have
always had race problema here, imposed

upon us by an enormous immigration,
The only really perilous “negro ques-
tion” whieh can come up in the South-
ern States would be precipitated if

'

Lise

? rts

,; tion

THE
the negroes should set about to ore
wanize a general movement to abandon
them, as, of course, they have a right to do,
That would portend disastrous results to
Southern industry, and would bea real blow
to Southern prosperity, as emancipation
Was hot, or as even negrofran hise Was not,
‘Those States, then, desiring to keep the
hegroes asa laboring population essential
to their prosperity, the race problem: is
alrendy settled, to that degree, at lew
If the question was the devising of
the posesl-

t

 

means
for pretting: rid of them within
Hilities of the Constitution the
would indeed be tard,

The problem for the Southern people to
tavkle is the negre but
the political problem created by the senti-
ment which distinguishes them from the
rest of the American people, go that they
hold themselves as if they belonged to a
distinet and peeuliar race and an inde-
pendent nation, When that unfortunate
sentiment is gone and we cease to hear
“the South’ spoken of as if it was a dis-
tinet country to whieh “the North,”
another distinet country, is naturally hos-
tile, the “negro problem” as a dangerous
question will have ceased to exist, The
process by which the ‘race problem” is
now settling itself will be hastened to a
conclusion and the prosperity of the South
will go ahead with a bound,

deeision

not question

Old Clo’ Willlames,

The Hon, Joun Saanp Win11AM8 of Yazoo
City represents the Fifth Mississippi dis-
triet in the Fifty-sixth Congress, Inevi-
tably he isa Democrat, He happens to be
an anti-imperialist also, On April 8, the
House being in Committes of the Whole
and considering the bill to
government for Hawali, Mr. Wit..tams
emitted a speech which was published in
the Congressional Record of April 12. with
the tithe “Emoire or Republie—Retention
ofthe Philippines.” Its most interesting
passage is this curious bit of learning:

 

Mr. Chatrman we area ‘Republic’ ascon
tradis nished from all monarchial powers—from a
arel, to go back to the etymological pronuncia
a one man power,’

Witnraws las studied at several

Then

 

  

mor

Mr.

 

/

provide a |

universities, ineluding Heidelberg, and his |

etymologieal pronunelation osnarch”
shows how he has protited thereby, Study
has made him modest, too, fle said he was
on his legs not 80 much on lis own aecount
as for the purpose of enriching the Reeord
with two old speeches by the Hon, Carn
Scuerz, Would permission be given? It
was. Then Mr, WiLLraMs asked and ob-
tained permission to swell the Record with
an old letter written by the Hon, Gronce
Frisbre Hoar to. certain news-
papers, ‘Then he wanted permission to re-
print part of an old pamphlet ealled "The
Liberty Catechism” by Frrprrick W,
Gookts, “Who may he be, please?” in-
quired the Hon. WrnnrawS. KNox of Massa-
ehusetts, Mr, WintiaMsdidn't know. The
Hon. Hexry 8. Bovreny of Tiinois said
that Mr. GooKIN was one of lis constitu.
ents, a cashier of a Chicago bank, “a very
able man and avery thoughtful man.” So
the very able and very thoughtful GooKIN's
Liberty Catechism” as revised by the
Hon, JOHN SHARP WILLIAMS Was switehed
into the al!-containing Record. Then Mr,
WILLTAMS asked and got unanimous con-
sent tothe republication, at the expense of
a benevolent Government, of a musty old
speech by the Hon. Gkon% er Ss, BOUTWELL,
Finding he still had fifteen minutes left,
Mr. Winntams read long quotations from

Boston

 

the Public and the Land of Sunshine, He
wound up in Greece and Macedonia

In the Congressional Record Mr. Wr.
LIAMS’S remarks, including dialogue e

eleguut extracts, oecupy alittle more than
three pages. His exhibit of antl-linperial-
ist literature occupies a
eighteen pages of tine type

few men will care to tackle |
the sake of digging out the ancient wisMonm
of the very able and very thoughtful
Gookin, As for the Hou
Philadelphia conference and Chicago eon-

little more than
such ty pe iis

yw, even for

 

ference addresses, they are not to be re-
a popular publication like
the Congressione! Reeorl But we
wratulate the Hou. JoHN Suarpe Wintrams

upon his method of inaking a speech. He

vVived even by

eon.

is the anti-imperialist old elo man
Some Wabash Hens,

Anybody ean see that the hen Is a great
natural hearer. Even a superficial ob-
server would not take the jack rabbit, with
all his ears, for the hen’s equal in detecting
sounds, The hen's characteristic attitude
is that of listening. When the adult hen
shifts her pose it isto take on the appear-
ance of listening with the otherear, She is
ambi-aurieulay

| not to persist but to “withdraw.”

nd

CaRL SCHURZ'S |

Nobody has seen a mother hen scanning |

the sky for birds of prey; vet no hawk ever
many eirel her brood
ehieka out of

deseribed »™ above

    

had hustled her
sight and ruffed the feathers on her neck
asifshe had heard a swish of pinions far
os the threatening speck tac
wings inlis tight.

This phenomenal ability ofthe hen te dis-
tinguish sounds is utilized in an interesting
way by a community of hens in the Wabash
region of the Hoosier commonwealth, Toe

before she

ked

above

facts are presented herewith upon the au-
thority of several reputable and esteerned
contemporaries of the Central West. At
Monon, Ind the Monou
main jine and the Indianapolis: divisi n
two throngh trains meet daily
dining are run

the cooks clean up the
the

trains are met with

the funetion of
and the

vara onte sidinge, wher
kitehons, throw'ngg
and ends, Tnese
cloekWork vegulavits

by the hens ofthe vicinity, and the seraps

out culinary odds

thrown overboard furnish them with more

than acveptabie picking. ‘This is in no way

out of the ordinary, but the interesting
part has not Leen told

It is asserted, and vouched for, that these
Wabash hens, so acute is their senee of

 

the whis

 

hearing, can distinguish

dining-car trains from those of the local

passenger and the freight trains, or even
from that of a locomotive running wild, and
that they sit plac their
seratch peravel in a ponehalant
the approach of all locomotives save those
pullingg the dining cars. A

nt These same hens can di
whistles of the lo
ear trains at incredible distances, so that
one of those uty
for instance, intending passengers do not
look at the Liackbourd bulletin, but merely

diy on neste oi

Way upon

d this is not

omotives on the dining

tf

trains is twe minutes late

note the distance of the hens pieking their
way toward the crossing, It
tha. Hoosiers thereabouts of a

is assaArted,
moreover,
mathematical turn of mind have an easy
eystem of setting their clocks and watehes
to railroad time by the movements of these
sharp-hearing hens

The hens of Kansas have been justly cele.
brated of late because of their value from
a purely utilitarian point of view, this
having been a tremendous year for eggs.

insruist: the |

Those of the Wabash have revealed them. |

 

SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 22, 1900.

selves in a wholly different, but not less |
Interesting, aspect,

“Por Our Own.”

In another column will be found an "Ap.
peal to the American people, couched in
the thrilling terms, ‘hor Our Own.” Since
the war with Spain the
public attention has, to a great extent,
moved to South Africa and has raised
money for the benefit of combatants of that
contest, bul the need for caring for the wives
and children of American soldiers has re-
tained unsatisfied. ‘The continued daty
of our army in the Philippines has magni-
fled the requirements for such aid as is to
be brought by the National Society for the
Relief of Dependent Widows and Orphans
of the Officers and Enlisted Men of the
texular Army of the United States

\ few weeks ago the Metropolitan Opera
House was packed with fashion, that had
bought tickets at high prices fora concert
mainly inaid of British sufferers from the war |
in South Africa, something being allotted to
the American Red Cross, to give the affair
countenance before the American public.
Mueh more is needed. Readers of Thin
SUN are referred to the circular for infor-
mation as to how they may contribute,

the ending of

on

 

Dewey.

The result of Admiral Dewey's declara-
tion that he is a candidate for the Presi-
dency was that practically not one news-
paper of elther great party gave him a word
of encouragement,

The second stage of the Dewey campaign, |
the announcement of the platform, is said
to be at hand. Well-wishers of this dis-
tinguished American's fame who have not
been upset in their judgment by a desire
touse Dewry to further some scheme of
polities will all urge that the seeond bid
for &@ Domination be not made,

The American people have great satis-
faction in their ideal of Admiral Dkwry
of Manila and would dislike mightily if
GronGE Dewey of Washington should spoil
it. He rather owes {it to them to pre-
vent such a reverse; and we say this in full
admission of every American citizen's privi+
lege to be a candidate for President. The
becoming course for Dewey to pursue is

Ifimpertalism succeeds there will be nothing tn
reason or in political doctrine to hinder the reabsorp
ton of the Tntted States into the British Emptre
from whieh {originally sprang.~ Springfeld Repud
ated

Has Gen. Samuo Bowres no frienda? Why
is he allowed to howl and caper in the atroet? |
Take the poor chap back to hie institution;
shave his head; soak him in lotions; bleed hiin
andgive him alittle thin grue!,

Now that the opposition to the provision
in the naval bill for buying the best armor
to be had tor the Maine, Ohio and Missourt
has been beaten and the bill passed by the
House, the renark last week upon this aib-
ject by the President of the British Institu-
Naval Architects, Lord Hopetoun
is in order ‘For a State to undertake the
manufacture of armor plate.” said Lord Hopr-
rOUN is Open to serions chjections,”-—"an
Loudon Engineering. “to
have studied the subieet will
Indeed,” says our contemporary
rif Lord Hoprroun realized how very
serious the ebfectiona are, he would hardly
forward the proposal of a State armor
factory, even as a remotely possible alterna-

tion of

opinion KAVA Tha

which all who

subsenbe

furthe

put

live

The Hon, Wii. tam Eaton Cuanpren of New
Hampshire and De. Jacon H. Garninoen of
New Hainpshire have not loved each other as
much as colleagues should. They are said to
have shaken hands last week, a much more
sensible proceeding than shaking thelr fleta at
enohother, May they dwell together in unity
henceforth,

The second change in the Navy Department

 

 

 

Fince M McKinney became President tas
ist been completed in the retirement from
he Departgientof Assistay Poretury CHARLES
H ALLEN, Who goes to aseume the Governor-
ship Porto Rieo. and the appowmtment in
his place of Frink Wo Hackerr, With Mr, |
AJ.1.} Ww fo the he t wishes of the Depart
ment, aod the approval of the public |
Mr. Hacwert a New Hampstere man, who
has lived in Washington for some years He |
sa iawver of standing in his own St acd

 

In the Capita
of
In the
prey
will

he is marred tu the daughter
a naval offer
Navy
JOSs@Si0ns dt
find

naval

and has other eounections
so that he takes the place with
tavor of the service. He
make his mark on

finmediate

Opportunity. to
history
eessors have made theirs

our as his prede=

The Bridge-siumping
herself
Bubiect

lady's failure to kill
extraordinarily tough
the human beme is. Even @ fall from
a heixht HO leet on so hard a surface as

shows what an

    
  

water. follawed ly a sousing that should be
enough to drown, Wont accomplish the sui- |
cides purpose
|
The Cuban Fair that closed [ast evening |
Was # War eNpression of the @iterprising |
Syiupathy of the people of this city with the
ehildren of Ouba Affairs of this kind aro |
olfen showy and have the general credit of |
great success which in fact instead of pro.
vidina nds for charity, leave deficits to he
covered Many fai nebed with loud adver. |
ing, and having sponsors of high social |
station arean aid of purposes in whieh the pub-
lie takes @ languid interest. These schemes of |
charitable money ruising generally are ey-
tremely diMfleuit to manave and umess con-
ducted with swenius, are apt to produce poor |
resulis even in the most worthy caures |
It is # matter of wratification, therefore

to sav that the Cuban Fair wa
cess financial
It was in

|
a stunning sre. |
aud as a fair pure and single. |
nid of a purpose than which none |
could appeal more directly to the kind hearts
of ou; fizens. old) and ¥. the orphans
uba indeed one of the most pleasir

‘le results of the f

  

 

inetion. ts evidence

‘ the
a ords that Cuba has a held upon the Amert- |

   

ee neem

ean heart and mind Nnd no mention of the |
Cuban Fair is complete that does not properly
credit: the boldness, ingenuity, determination
and business «kill of its Manayer-in-Chiet, Mre |
Many Haren Witiany |
'

He “Doesn't Think Me Will Attend.”

 

To He EOITOR OF ‘Ter UN Sir It seeme
ti) me rcomments on "RC 's” questions tn te
day's pape t so ‘ 'n tegard to ‘J don't
think’ asin regards Vriiticlal lee Is It not a
faci tast whe Than sey Idon'tthink | shail at. |
fend lie tre cite nighe,” bets tot referring so much
tothe aeCol thinking ao tothe thought, He doesnot
think this th Loramely, ‘Tshad attend, &e."' |

DERDS, Conn, Vprtlt W. S. BROWNE,

Beewer Smith of Byypt.

 

 

brom the London Athenaeus |
\moug the yetunoubtished curtosithes of the Petrie {
papyrl is a tof names connected wih the man !
facture beer waich we hiow to have been a popular
drinkin ancient Egypt These names havea figure |
eftereschof them, so thatthe doeut tisevidentiy |
an aceountofwhatearh nad done, or of what he hut
to suppl Manyal the names are so odd and un
tke either Greekor Ligyptian naines, that we suspect
them to be abbreviations, whch merely (ndleate the
full name and periaps the father’s name. Even so,
the shgot Variants we And in the often repeated list
giveush oreasional helr There is one whieh ay
pears regularly In the same form, and of which we |

ean give no forther explanation It is the name
Smith-unmistakably elaracters,
We have never found anyth'ng like it before, and It ta |

surely worth telling the many cistingul hed bearera

written in Gree

of the name that there was aman known as Smith tn
the twentieth year of the third Prolemy, 2278 ©, |
and that he was ore pted In brewing bearor tn selling
{ it, Is there any other Eogiish mame comparable to
this tn antiquity?

vw P. Manervy. |

  

thot he

The volor

 

IN SOUTH AFRICA,

Tho British and Boers in the southeast of
the Free State are now in touch, and fighting
has been going on since Friday between Gen.
Kundle’s division and the Boers covering the
force investing Wepener, According to Lord
Roberts's despateh the British loss was only
nine wounded, from whieh it would appear
that up to Friday night there had been no very
close fighting. Now, however, that contact
has been made there should be some sharp
work, unless the Boers abandon Wepener and
slipping round the southwestern corner of
Basutoland, trek tothe northeast toward Lady -
brand, covered by the Boers posted at Thaba
\’Chu The fact, if the reports of their
strength are to be believed, that # body
of from elght to ten thousand men with
& considerable oumber of guns should
be left isolated as they have is somewhat
incomprehensible, even though they have
druwn away two whole divisions and several
tuportant contingents of Lord Roberts's army
to look after them, ‘vhe mystery must bo
shortly cleared up when the British force has
advanced further toward Wepener from De-
wetadorp, It may be that the Boer force has
been greatiy exaggerated, as has frequently
been the case,

Gen. Methuen’s aggressive movement from
Roshof to the eastward seems to have come to
anend forthe present, and bis convoy and
rear-guard narrowly escaped capture during
the retreat from Zwarts Kopje. This retire-
ment is probably the result of Lord Roberts's
inability. to advanee owlg in part to the
weather, and in part tothe disarrangement in
the planus for the advance caused by the block-
ade of Wepener.

The Boer activity in Natal is not of much
significance, Their patrols are naturally being
pushed 44 close as possible tothe British lines
to keep them well under observation, as no

doubt the Boer forces in the Biggare-
berg have been considerably weakened
to furnish retnforeements to the Mafe-
king = inveating foree and the arur

in the Free State. The Drakensberg passes,
however, area not likely to be denuded of their
garrisons a0 long as operations are being car-
ried on southof the Vet River, and so long as
there is a Boer force in the Blegarsberg and on
the roads to the east of Bundays River, Gen.
Buller can hardly risk & movement toward the
passes to the northwest of Ladysmith.

 

CHRISTIAN

Mr. Mattox'’s Explanation Not SaMctent,

To tHE Eprrorn or Tat Stux--Sir: T have
read the different Jetters published in The
SUN in reference to Christian Science, and 80 far
have been content with unexpressed opinions,
but the statement of Mr. Willard & Mattox
answers Mr. W. A. Purrington’s
questions “frankly and unequivocally” {fs 80
absurd that [cannot help but proteat,

He saya thatthe power of Christian Belence
whichinthe ease of a severed artery would
stop the flow of blood wonld dissipate an
obstruction, whether it bea bone inthe throat
oravinder in the eve

To substantiate this he elites, aa what I pre-
sume he considera unassailable proof, the case
of a woman who had a bone lodged in her
throat end bad it removed by oo other neaua
than that of Christian Science,

I woull ask that {f he considers a queationas
toastatement answered by merely asserting
that itis so

Supnose Lshould make some equally ques-
tionable statement end am differed with, does
my simply saying «0, without facta or reasons
jn support of same, make tt so?

The idea of a fishbone that ts choking one to
death being dissolved or dislodged to the relief
of the sufferer by means of the so-called power
of Christian S¢ience is very ridiculous.

Is it to be supposed that the bone, after hear-
ing the exhortation, comes to the vonelusion
that a Christian Selentist is after it and thatit
had better move on?

Thaven little aon about four veara of age,
Suppose that during a meal [| shou'd hear a
waspandagure@le, and jooking at him would
see that he is getting purple and black tn the
face and waa choking, would [bid my wife be
calm and despatch a messenger fora “reader”
of Christian science, and have him or hercome
and recitethoir jargon over ny strangling boy
while his agony and convulsions were driving
my wife and myselfmad? Hardly.

IT would bave a doctor, who knows the etruc-

 

SCTENCE,

 

| ture ofthe human throat. with a pair of for-

cans todisiodge and remove the bone so that
my boy could breathe and live, not a mockery
of words and ineantationa and the bloated and
diatorted face of our little dead son

N&WARK, Aprol liv Epwin Govon,

 

The Stranger’s Government.

or Trae Svuy--Sirs Mr
I think

To THr FEprror
Dithridwe will permit me to say that
he has taken too unfavorable a view of the
Government of British India, weakening
thereby as it seems to me the rea! moral of the
case. Ihave had oceasion for historical pur-
poses to study the history of British India, and
(think have studied if impartially, To am
myself a belfever not in empire but In a eom-
munity of nations, self-developed, contributing
each of them its own gifts to the human store
and aiding each vther by example and emula-
tion in the race of progress. My fealty is to
England, not tothe Empire. >

I feel sure that an impartial survey will lead
tothe conclusion that for the last century the
spirit of British government in India has been
beneficent, and that the administration has
heen on the whole very able and remarkably
pure; its purity being due in great measure to
the organization of tts civil servies, and to
its almost entire separation from the politics
and the parties of the Imperial country. Its
one fatal and incurable vice is that ft ia the
government of the stranger. An American
government of the Philippines would also be
the government of the stranger, fatal to native
effort; and whatever gol ‘en hopes of paternal
tutelage and guidance Mr, D thridge may have
formed, the result would probably be the same,
Uniesa a severance of the government of the
dependency fom the polities of the Imperial
eountry could in this case, as in the case «f
Hritish India, ba etfeeted, the result might be
hiuch worse, It might be a political u'cer.

New Yors, April 21 GoLDwin Sita,

Some Mistake,
From the CMeajo Tribune.

“What does she sav?" asked the erafty poll-
tivian who had referred the committee to his
wite for toformation as to his intentions,

“She refuses to talk,” replied the spokesman
of the committee

“Then it wasn't mv wife you met, gentle.
men,” he rejoined, with great positiveness,
“It was somebody else.”

nro ee

Tarned In,

   

To THe Eprror ¢ Ine Stn Sir Among a
Iistof names sent tomy place of business | find that
uf Nute Soap, Woods, Tex. I know that he will

neveracjulre the fame of "Dink Botts Pod DP

 

    

    

 

muke" andothers in your “Mall of Fame bint
turn him th WiKi

CHICAGO, April 10

Barbara Frietchte.,

TO THE Loivor oF The SUN Si Pardon me
as an old lady of 70 yveate born and reared in {
Lrederick, Md, I have been thtniing for years of late
to corrert this error all this fudge and nonsense
aboutold Barbara Frietente. who ed opposit

a hose whieh stood part on Cartoll streek on Weet

| Patrick street. witt er sister, whe cared forthe old
feerle minded lady She was nothing more tha
enild. Would be dressed and satin ber ¢ ir nen
the window and play witt r hangkesehlef a. cheek
apron when [, ther yi Cith Would lowk at per
In amusement at ano ee, and Lihink she bad
this ttle fag put in her Nond by a Mes. Quantril!,
formerly Miss Mary Sands, wife of the guerrilla
Qianteill, then in Missour
Mit MARY QUANTRILA
BALTIMORE, April '%
the Gircl in the Khak! Dress
hromthe Chicago Daly News
here she gorsin the shopping square
The met look Dack the wooneu stare
Phe coiele’s remarks are passing a

4 she wends her way thre bthe gaping erowd

Hub she hears thems ch less

 
  

She's one cf (ue fest in

hopping beat
fe suiles and polots ont lito tne »

She passes the cop on ties

sthe same, he ays tv
“The same asthe mud she's walki
t she bears them notand she cares much less,

Si ne of (ie first ina khhael dress

 

to her nib
der de ribs

Tie newsboy rine ‘te
Now, wadn't dat tlekle yer us

 

 

 

  
  

Tis swing stuff wid a mustard smea

‘Take lt ew Itdon'tgo here

Botsh hears them notand she cares mich less,
She'sone five Crstina khaki dress

"Sis a gauotiet run fora thousand eyes,

Butst Prave.t Whew andthe rude (Oh mys!"
And the gi Ba gsve ant love to say

‘She loo. uke a road ona cainy day

But ‘oars them aotand she cares much lesa,

Svein one of (be Orstina khaki drese

v

 

 

———_———————

-_— = a ee

ENGLAND AND PORTUGAL,

Portugal Says That Ancient Treaties Reqatre
Her to Let England Send Troops Throagh
Against the Boers A Protest by the Pow-
ers Likely The Inwardness of the Matter.

WASHINGION, April 20 It is just possible that
there may be some truth in the recent de-
spatehes to the eflect that the Cvar will protest
aginst the transportation of British troops by
way of Beira in Portuguese Kast Africa, and
that Germany and France will join in that pro-
test ‘The two latter powers are mut h more
directly interested i. the matter than Russia,
and why the Cyar should take the initiative
does not appear, unless it be that his action
may be fn accordance withsan understanding
among tho three powers that his protest would
appear more disinterested and might be placed
upon the broad ground of international law

The action of Portugal in consenting to the
trausit of the British troops cannot be justified
upon the general principles of international
law asiulerpretedin modern times. The author-
ities are all against it. Mr Hall, whose work on

International law is one of the latest and most

authoritative, referring to the old doctrine that

a neutral State migh! at its diseretion allow

the passage of a belligerent army through its ;

territory

“But the most recent authors assert a con-
trary opinion; no direct attempt has been made
since ISIS to take advantage of the asserted
right, and the permission granted to the Allies
in that year to cross Switverland in order to
invade France, was extorted from the Federal

Couneil inder circumstances which would in

any case rob the precedent of authority. The

sane country in i870 denied a passage to bodies
of Alsatians enlisted in the Freneh Army, but
travelling withoutarmeaanduntforms. and there
ean be no question that existing opinionwould
iiuperatively forbid) any renewed laxity of
conduct in this respect on the part of neutral
countries. Passage for the sole and obvious
purpose of attack is clearly forbidden, The
grant of pernussion is an act by the State with
the expresa object of furthering a warlike end,
and is in its nature an interference inthe war.”

Knowing the modern doctrine on this sub-
jee!, the Portuguese Minister in announcing the
consent of Portugal based i, not upon interna-
tional law, but upon the treaty of 1801, and
upon certain “ancient treaties” between Portu-

wal and Great Britain. The treaty of 1801

does not in terma secure this right to

Great Britain, But these ancient treaties

if they are still inforee, not only give this right,

brut wate Great Britain) and Portugal
to an offensive and defensive alliance against
the world

As far back as 1286 Ferdinand of Portugal and

Riehard of England entered into a treaty of

offensive and defensive alliance which provided

that each of the contracting parties should

“be bound to suecor and afford aid to the other

awainat ail inen that may live and die who shall

attempt to violate the peace of the other or in-
jure himinhisStatein any way." [t wasstipula-
lated, however, that the obligation should not
apply) ov King Richard's part, against the Pope

And lilies successors, Wenzeslaa, King of Rome

und Bohemia, and John, King of Castile ond

leon
In id42John IV., King of Portugal, and Charles
I of England signed atreaty of peace, commerce
|

 

 

 

buys

  

and alliance. In 1654, inthe time of Cromwel!, a
treaty of the same kind was concluded at Le
don between “the Republic of Fogland” and
“the Most Serene King of Portugal.” By the
treaty of 16¢1 Alfonso VI gave his daughter
to Charles I]., and with her Bombay, Tangier,
and 2,000,000 crowns as a dowry.

In 1703 Great Britain, Holland and Portugal
entered into an alliance offensive and defensive
by which the two former agreed that if Portu-
gal should be attacked by the Kinga of Spain
and France, “either present or future,” they
would make war against the assailants ‘with
all their force.”

In 1810 Great Britain and Portugal made a
treaty by which they bound thenimelves to “a
perpetual firm and unalterable friendship and

ie

 

defensive alliance = * ° ® so that the
high contracting powers shall constantly em-
ploy as well thelr utmost attention as all

those means which Almighty Providence has
put ju their power for preserving the public
tranquillity and security, for maintaining their
common interests and for their mutual defence
and guarantee against every hostile attack;
the whole in conformity to the treaties already
existing between the high contracting parties,
the stipnlations of which, 80 far ae the points of
alliance and friendship coneerned, shall
remain in entire foree and vigor, acd shall be
deemed to be renewed by the present ueaty In
their fullest interpretation aid extent

By the treaty of April 8, i815, Portugal joined
the alliance of Great Hritain, Russia, Austria
and Prussia against Napoleon. She had pre-
Viously been saved trem France by the Duke
of Wellingtun in Peninsular campaigns.

The treaty of (897 recites that the Infanta Reg-
ent of Portugal in consequence of aggressions
against her territory had claimed from Great
Britain the fulfilment of the ancient treaties
of alliance between the two countries, in re-.
sponse to which Great Britain had dispatched
a body of troops to her assistance, and pro-
vided for the maintenance of these troops

By the treaty of {834, Great Britain, Spain
France and Portugal agreed to compel the In-
fant Don Carlos of Spain and the Infant Don
Miguel of Portugal to withdraw from the
Portus * dominions, the navy of Great
Britain to co-operate with the land forces of
the other Powers for that purpose

For a century Portugal bas owed her exist-
enews fo the protection of Eagtand, It ts not
strange, therefore, to find her inelined to grant
that nation any may ask in the
present war Aside from gratitude for past
's In no condition to re-

are

tis

 

privileges it

assistanea Portugal

 

fuse any demand Bagland may make. The
r itlonof her possessions fn Past Africa is en-
tirely dependent upon the good efflees of that
Power = In fact but for England it is altogether
prebable that the Boers of the ‘Transvaal
long ere this: would have taken possession
of Portuguese Fast \fren and extended

thelr own frontier to the seaboard Delagou
oullet of the South Afriean
and its aequisition would open tothe
Boers the eonmnerce of the world

hh through which the British
now send arined expedition
is situated in the upper part of
about 650 miles from
Lorenzo Marques, the port of Delacoa bay Its
harbor does nol compare with that of Lorengo
Marcries ght draft can reach it
aod steps lave been taken by the Por-
‘Government fo increase the depth of

Ordinary

Bay isthe natural
tepublic

 

ra, the port

wn

SS

propose to
into Rhodesia

the Portuguese territory

but vessels of
now
tai
fentiy for

walel sift] commercial

Ma-

Lorenzo Marques

It holds the same relation to
d Rhodesiathet

Pur panes

shonaland a

 

does tothe Tranusvaa A railroad isin couree of
construct from Beira loSalisbury ir Ri odesia
and thenes to Buliwa it + over this
route that the Boawlish troops will pase inte
Rhodesia, tod qnee there will be in a positior
to fovade the Trans. rom the North With |
their maw force tnider Lord Roberts moving
up through the Orange Freestate, Buller treat |
eninwon the east from Natal, and the British ex.
pedition pressing down from Rhodesia. the
Boers will be threatened from three sides
ard it v tak Yitleuts andl resouream ¢ ‘|
Ge Botha, with ' foroe + DUO yy
amor fo withstacd the enemy approach-
Ing witi enier romhers aud trom se mans
direct Without outside assistaee. it ton
now as iff were a mere question of how he
these brave Boors can bold out azainst « wh
overwhelmiia odds

Put may happen that the declaration of
the Portiagness Government that ir j« bound
by ita treaties with GreatBritain ts adow the pas-
anee of English troops through ite territory
will raisa ip frie ads for the Transvaal from tie
outside world If these treatios require Port i
gal to permit the pasave of British troans
destined to operate acanet the Boers, tney
equally oblia to give fhe eame permission
to British troops in case of hostilities between
Bagiand and any other pation At) present
there is auppe fto be an understanding be-
tweea Gornmiany acd Pugland aste their Afriean

possessions, But suppose that that underatand-

fag ahould be terminuted and these two Powers

 

‘
6 ae

| her recent

should find themaelves at odda in that region,
German Fast Africa is bounded on the south
by Portuguese territory, aod in case of how).
ties Great Britain may seek to make the sare ag
of thatterritory against Germany thatshe ia now
making of it against the ‘lransvaal [th \,
not unreasonable, therefore, to suppose that
Germany may demur to the position taken by the
Portuguese Government as to the effect of ite
ancient treaties with Great Britain and ig
may be that Emperor Willlam is at the bottor
of the protest whieh the Czar is reported to be
contempliting, If the latter is really prepary a,
us itis said, for a movement against the Africag
frontier, it would be good diplomacy on his part
to raise this question as to the right of Portugal
to place the use of her territory at the discretion
of England in any war in which the latter may
be involved with other Powers. A protest
against this would be reasonable in itself,
and would doubtless be supported by both
Germany and France. France is still sore over
disappointment in Central Africa,
and Germany is too directly interested in Fang
Africa to tolerate the present position of the
Portuguese Government. If) Russia conteme
plates hostilities with England in India
she will do well to eneourage Germany and
France to oppose the right of Portugal to give
transit to British troops through her territoriag
and if necessary to lead in the protest awainst i,

IST

 

“FOR OUR OWN."

An Appeal to the American People,

Ata meeting of representative Army women,
held at the residence of Mrs. Danie! 8. Lamont,
New York city, early in March, 1100, a aooiety
was organized and called the Nationa! Soctaty
for the Relic! of Dependent Witows and
Orphans of the Officers and Enlisted Men of the
Regular Army of the United States.

The object of this soclety isto raise a fund
from which to provide, not annulties, but relief
in cases of emergency.

The trustees of the fund are men of national
reputation for integrity and financial ability,
The Hon, Levi P. Morton ana Col, Daniel &,
Lamont are among those who have consented
to act as such,

The great need of thia society and the flund
which it proposes to raise and administer has
been brought home to many by the long delays
in the payment of Government pensions, which
ure, eanectally inthe case of officers, ao very
inadequate,

Instances are many where the widows and
orphans of officers and enlisted men who fella
Rantiagoin July, 188, have not, as yet, receive
one penny of the pension due them,

It may not be amiss, in this connection, ta
state the amounts of the pension paid wihiows
gne orphaus of the offivers of the United States
Army:

Colonels, Tleutenant-Colonels and
nigher rank......

 

$39.00 per monte

Majors. 25.00 “
Captains 20.00 ”
First Lieutenar ts 17.00 ”
Second Lieutenants .... 15.00 3
The widow of every enlisted man

receives, 12,00 Lad
Fach child under 16 years of age 2.00 *

When war comes and demands {ta ernel
sacrifices in many an Army family to the
Ceasolating arief of loss ia added the bitterness
Of poverty, even the despair of actual want,

For trformation eoneerning the society and
itsplans ior raising funds application may be
made tu Mis L. Miuts,

Wast Point,
Mrs, Lovrs M. Maus,

Fort Hamilton.
Mns, James I. DURBANE,

Fort Haneock,
Mrs. Cranves F. Ror,

47 haet Thirty-fifth street
Miss (nace BrGELow,

21 Gramercy Park.
Mrs. Dante. S. Lamont,

2 Woat Fifty-third street,
Mars, James PARKER,

Fort Slocum,

Committee on Organization.

CAN'T REMOVE CLINTON INSTITUTE.

The Universalists’ Executive Committee Has
No Jurisdiction Over It.

Fort Puan, N Y., April 20.—The action of
the Executive Committee of the Universalists
ofthis State in New York city yesterday re-
garding the future of Clinton Libera! Institute
and United States Military Academy, which
Was destroyed by flre hers on March 25, has
astonished thet eople ofthis place. The commit-
tee resolved that “it is impossible to continue
the sehoolat Fort Liain,” and “that steps be
tuken to tronsfer the institute to Oanton, N.
Y." where are located St. Lawrence University
aud St. Lawrence Theological School, both outt
uid-out Universalist institutions, The fact is
that the committee has no more jurisdiction
over Clinton Liberal Institute than it has over
the nominations to be made at piladeipns
and Kaneos Cire. The inatitute is not an
ond never has been a denominational achoo),
strictly sneaking, and {ta future, according to
legtisiative act, can only be determined by ita
trustees) The committee's pecullar blunder is
only accounted for oy the fact that the articles
incormorating the Institute provide for the
election of ita trustees at the annual State Coa-
vention of Universailsts,

 

 

Confessions of Miss Goggin,

Irom the Chicago Tridune,

Nine reasons for spinsterhood were given to the
Catbolle Woman's National League in an argument
yesterday afternoon. Miss Catherine Goggin, who
bas been a Grade teacher in the public schools for
twenty years, whols President of the Grade Teachere®
Federation, and now !s engaged In tax Inveatigationa,
told the story of her life to the club women by requeat.

Miss Go®gin prepared a ten-minute paper on
‘Why I Am Single.’ There were nine answers as
follows

Because he might not be an orphan.

“Because he might like tidles.

“Because be might be fond of using ‘pet’ namea

‘Because he might part his halr in the middie of
bis bead

Because he might demand an {temtred account of
household expenditures.

“Because dinner would Dave to be taken with the
eame person each day

Keoause marriage would necessitate dally letter
writing when either he or she might be away.

‘Because a! ihe good men seemed to be married
already

‘Because be has not proposed.’

Miss Goggin sald that she might have given other
reasons, Dut, {6 being Lent, she decided to te) the
truth, which was set forth in the nine ‘causes of
spinsterhood.’*

Statue of the Late Senator Bayard,

Prom the Philadel pata Press

WILMINGTON, Del. April 10. Miss FMe Sillimea
of London was selected yesterday afternoon by the
Hayard Memorial Association to design a staturof
the late Thomas !. Bayard, whieh will be erected in
toisetty. Itisanttelpated that the statue and every
thing connected with i about $2 '
According to the report of Treasurer Robert G Hare
man there {5 $1 580.49 tn the treasure and to thie
there Is to be added $200. Of thts anwuntonty ab

 

 

will cost

 

 

tle over $100 was contributed by Deiawareans
Hooked,

TO TRE Eprron or THe Sux Sir Origonal
Nerriog isa Baltimore merehant. Can he b oe
erook get in’ A. F. WADDAWAY,

EASTON, Md, April 7

Voretgo Notes of Real Interest.
Paris's woman's paper, La l’ronde, wh hoasted
} thatall it« work was done by « en, hasrun f f
the law, wiileb does not permit women to set type ab
night

A tneyele {e now a carriag n England and A
bievelistis not a foot passenger So the Divistonal
Court of the Queen Hooch bas dectdedin a tod
bridge va

Ciney, where William Cowper speot the latter part
of his tife will eeleprate rediin anniversary of
his death on Apr ) very ellie ir place 8
receive aeopy of the Reilge ielety's DNS
raphy of the poet

Mrs. Moon, aged 99 years, whose photogra ‘
been aecepted t Queen Vietoria doar

ging up ihe 4 yer ' alt christe
at Malta and was presenio as a ch id inthe bigeeee
train, at the battle of Waterion, where her father &
owlor Sergeantofthe Rifle Bagade, was wounded

hile Grrace of Norfolk he wars. ca

thostarting fort

ried out the medineal t ‘.

 

selitlonss
fore leaving london he took his ate
ehapel in e Arehblisthop « Wert nster’s house
where tt wassolemnly blessed ty Cardinal Vacgman
the Duke Kneeling hefore the aliar

Mr. Orehardsou's ¢ ror ¢ generations of the

royal family «
Roval Academy

be toe pletire of the year at the
es are those of the Queen
the Prinee of Wales. the Duke of York and little
Prince Mdward, The portraits are idealized, says
the Daily Chronicle; “that of the Prince of Waa
COMES NEATES bo readily.”

 

 

_

Sig C3