vo

CHATE KILLS THE
“IRRITATION TREATIES

By a Vote of 42 to 10 It Elim'nates
the Vital Joint Commission
Paragraph.

{PHOLDS ROOSEVELT’S VIEW

 

Bassenator Dixon, Roosey elt's Political Man-
ager, Voted With the Democrats
Against the Paragraph.

  
   
   
  

 

WASHINGTON March 7,.—President
Taft's programme for general arbitra-
tion treaties with Great Britain and
France and for the promotion of world-
wide peace ‘was killed by the Senate

<iay. By a Vote of 42 to 40 the Senate
qiminated from the pending treaties with
France and England the vital paragraph
relating to the joint high commission and
otherwise curtailed thejr scope.

Advisers of the Adfinistration ac-
knowledged to-night that the treaties are
dead and that they probably never will
e submitted in their present mangled
form to France and England for ratifica-
tion, Not only this, but negotiations that
were already under way for similar treaties
,xith Germany, Switzerland, Japan and
possibly one or two other countries are
knocked in the head as the result of to-
day's action by the Senate. President
Taft s arbitration plans have in fact met
with defeat and the Senate has sustained
the views advanced by Theodore Roose-
*velt on this proposition,

On the Democrats will fall the chief
responsibility for having defeated the
arbitration programme, With the ex-
ception of three Senators the Democrats
voted solidly for the elimination of the
joint high commission paragraph. They
however, supported by several
Republicans. The vote of

senator Dixon of Montana, Roosevelt's
political manager, alone was sufficient
toturn the tables against President Taft.
Up to the time of his visit to New York
last night Senator Dixon's vote was
counted as against the elimination of the
joint commission clause, but he turned
. this afternoon. If he had voted against
the joint commission amendment it would
have been lost by a tie vote. Likewise
President Taft can attribute his defeat
to Senator Lorimer of Illinois, who joined
with the Democrats in voting against this
vital clause of the treaties. Besides
Lorimer, Senator Smith of Michigan was
he only supposed Taft supporter who
joined with the opponents of the Admin-
istration treaties,

There was great rejoicing among the
licosevelt supporters as soon as the vote
onthe important joint commission amend-
nent hecame known, and Senator Dixon
hurriedly sent a telegram informing the
Colonel that the Senete by its votes had
absolutely austained the Roorevelt view
of the treaties.

The treaties in their amended form
were finally passed by the Senate with
«nly three dissenting votes Martine of
New Jersey and Reed of Missouri, Demo-
crate, and Lorimer of Iilinois, Repub-
ican,

The clause eliminated by the Senate
is the one that has stirred up all the cone
troversy in regard to the treaties. Under
' the contracting parties were bound
to submit to a joint high commission
omposed of representatives of the two
countries all disputes on which they
could not agree as to their being arhi-
trable The contrecting parties were
bound further under this clause to accept
the decisiow of this joint commission
as to the arbitrability of any question

_avd forthwith to submit it to arbitration.

Many members of the Senate contended
that this clause bound the United States
to submit to arbitration questions in-
volving the Monroe Doctrine, the ad-
mission of aliens to this country and other
questions of vital interest and national
honor. In this contention members of
the Senate were supported by Col. Roose-
velt. President Taft and Secretary Knox
declared that the United States would
not be bound to arbitrate such questions
and that the Senate would not surrender
any of its treaty making prerogatives
in ratifying this clause.

The first vote was the most important,
he one o1 the joint high commission
clause This amendment was the one
that had been recommended by the
majority members of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee last summer. Sena-
tor Lodge of Massachusetts, in accordance
with the compromise effected, attempted
to withdraw this amendment, but was
Anable to get unanimous consent. Intense
excitment prevailed during the voting,
and it was not until the last name was

7 ‘Alled that the result was known, Sena-
‘ors voting for the amendment striking
out the joint commission clause were:

Democrats—Baecon, Bailey, Bankhead,
bryan, (Chamberlain, Chilton, Clarke of
\rkansas, Culberson, Fletcher, foster,
(arduer, Gore, Hitchcock, Johnson, John-
sion, Kern, Lea, Martin, Martiné, Myers,
Newlands, O'Gorman, Overman, Owen,
A '4nter, Percy, Pomerene, Reed, Shively,
\ ~mmons,Smith of Georgia, Smith of Mary-

od Smith of South Carolina, Swanson,
in and Watson,

iblicans~Borah, «Bourne, Bristow,
Lorimer and Smith of Michigan.

were

Roose velt

Ne
“ Ror
loral, 4

S

enators voting against the amend-

ware
rats--Thornton, Williams and Ray-

eans — Bradley, Brandegee,
trown, Burpham, Burton, Clapp,
' Wyoming, Crane, Crawford, Cul-
\ tor ‘clmrmins, Curtis, Dillingham, du
7 ‘iinwer, Guggenheim, Jones, Ken-
on poitt, Lodge, MeCumber, McLean,
Nixon, Oliver, Page, Perkins,
‘ison, Root, Smoot, Stephenson,
‘verand, Townsend, Warren, Wetmore
Vand Woris, Total, 40,
Roosevelt insurgents who joined
against Taft were Bourne,
Dixon and Borah, Senator
‘Umm)ns and Senator Works, insurgents,
VYoled in favor of retaining the joint high
Commission clause,
The Saft supporters on the announce-
mer ' the vote were plainly embar-
The result absolutely overturned
‘er plans, The resolution of rati-
‘hat Senator Lodge had drawn

N voting

<< ‘6
Bristow

TagKed
t

a
fica ie

—————— wate

VOL. LXXIX.—NO. 190.

——————

was worthless in view of the action just |
taken by the Senate and hurried con- |
ferences were held by the President's
friends on the floor of the Senate.

In the ‘meantime Senator Bacon of
Georgia, a Democrat, was on his feet
calling for a vote on his amendment
eliminating from the scope of the treaty
fall questions affecting the admission of
j Aliens into the United States or their
| admission to educational inatitutions,
| also all questions concerning the terri- |
‘torial integrity of the United States |
and the maintenance of the traditional |

attitude of the United States concerning SISTERS FOUGHT FOR LIVES

the Monroe Doctrine and other govern-

mental! policies. ;
This amendment wes lost by a tie vote W a aie ‘hen eke ter ye,

41 to 41. Several of the Republican pro- |

gressives who had voted in favor of elimi+ Mother “An Accident.”
| hating the joint high commission clause |
voted against this attempt to amend ,
the treaties. These included Senator
Dixon, Col. Roosevelt's manager, and
Senator Bristow.

Senator Culberson’s amendment elimi-+
nating from the scope of the treaty all
questions of vital interest and affecting
the independence or honor of the two
‘contracting parties, or any question
which concerns the interest of a third
person, was voted down, 45 to 37.

Then en amendment introduced by
| Senator Chamberlain, Democrat of Ore-
gon, providing for the exemption from ,
the scope of the treaty of all cusdion each of them with blows on the head.
relating to the admission of aliens to| He dtagged the younger of the two
this country or to schools in the United | gitls into the harness room, but she man-
States came up. This was adopted by | aged to escape while he was fussing with
a vote of 40 to 38. . 'a stick of dynamite and trying to light

Senator Lodge and other Republicans | fuse at a stove. Less than two min-
who were supporting the President had | fter the girl t of the barn
been busy drafting a new resolution of | see GEter = oor wer oor ”
ratification to meet the altered situation, | the explosion occurred which practi-
and Senator Lodge finally introduced | cally wiped out Mead and shattered a
it. Thereupon Senator Bacon offered | good part of the barn.
as an amendment to it the exact amend-| Apparently Mead went suddenly mad,
ment which had been voted down a few | probably from drink. If he had any
minutes before. This time the Bacon | grievance against the Heartfields it was
amendment was adopted, 46 to 36, and | of a trivial nature and the minister says
then the treaties in their mangled form | he knew nothing of it. Certainly there

 

Caretaker of Howes Estate in
Brewster, N. Y., Goes Mad

From Drink.

 

Brewster, N. Y., March 7.—George
Mead, caretaker of the Howes estate,
a show place of Putnam county, killed
himself with dynamite yesterday after
he had made a vicious attack on the two
daughters of the Rev Frank Heartfield
in the barn on the estate.

That the girls were not killed by the
dynamite is due to their ravery and
courage in resisting Mead, a six footer,
in fighting him off after he had stunned

 

 

   

NEW YORK, FRIDAY, MARCH 8, 1912.—copyro

BLOWS HIMSELF TO BITS
AFTER ATTACK ON GIRLS:

were ratified, three Senators—-Martine,
Reed and Lorimer-—voting against them.
The resolution of ratification as finally
adopted reads as follows

Resolred (two-thirds of the Senators pres-
ent concurring therein), That the Senate
advise and consent to the ratification of a
treaty signed by the plenipotentiaries of the
United States and Great Britain on August
S, 1911, extending the scope and obligation
of the policy of arbitration adopied in the
present arbitration treaty of April 4, 1908,
between the two countries so as to exclude
certain exceptions contained in that treaty
jand to provide means for the peaceful
solution of all questions of difference which
it shall be found impossible in the future
} to settle by diplomacy with the following
amendments in the first clause of the firet
article:

Strike out “may” and insert “shall ”

Strike out clause 3 of Article III

Provided that the Senate advises and
consents to the ratification of said. treaty
with the understanding, to be made a part
of such ratification, that the treaty does not
authorize the submiasion to arbitration of
any question which affects the admission
of aliens into the United States or the ad-
miasion of aliens to the educationaf in-
stitutions of the several States or the ter-

en

 

 

 

was no attempt at mistreating the girls
or indication that Mead had premeditated
killing them, for while he had knowledge
that a member of the Heartfield family
might be expected at the barn he had no
reason to expect the girls. The heads
of the young women were cut severely
and they will be kept in their rooms for
several days; but there is no question
that they will recover from their experi-
ence.

Ruhamah Heartfield—she is known as
Ruby to the town and countryside —is
24 years old and her sister Amy is two
years younger. They are athletic young
women in that they like lots of outdoor
| exercise, such as long tramps over the
| hills; but they also have taken an active
| part in the social affairs of the town.
| They are the granddaughters of+ Mrs.
Amy Howes, whose husband, Seth B.
Howes, was an old circus man and died
five years ago. The Rev. Mr. Heart-
field married a daughter of Mrs. Howes.

For the last two years Mrs. Howes has
spent most of her time in Chicago and
Mead had beer in charge of the buildings
and the grounds. He had been in the em-

ritorial integrity of the several States or | ploy of the Howes family for about fifteen
| the United States or concerning the question | years. He was about 32 years old and a

of the alleged indebtedness or moneyed | man ofssturdy build. He had the reputa-

obligation of any State of the United States : :
or any question which depends upon or tion of being a hard drinker—a man who

 

\\\I
\\t

\

Hy Ny,

Uif/

     
 

a af
mayo

CARS DITCHED; TWO KILLED.

Many Injured in Derailment of Wabash
Continental Limited.

DANVILLE, UL, March 7.—Two or more
persona were killed and sixty-five injured
by the derailment of the Continental
Limited of the Wabash railroad at Red-
wood Bridge, west of Weat Lebanorf,
Ind., to-night. A broken rail ditched
the westbound flier and all of the cars
were whirled off the tracks, Two cars
went rolling down an embankment Into
a creek. Nearly every passenger was
hurt and many of the injured will prob-

 

ably die.

The train was bound, for St. Louls
and the passengers were just going
into the dining car when the whole
train swerved to one side and then
rolled over, the cars acrshing into each
other as they went. It is believed that
gage and mail cars, which went into
the creek. The engine stuck to the
ralle.

As soon as possible, for the cars tore
down the telegraph poles, word was sent
to West Lebanon and relief trains were
sent from Peru, Ind., and Decatur, Tl.

The two known to be dead were sia-
ters. One boarded the train at Adrian,
Mich., and the other at Fort Wayne.
They were going to St.
name is not known.

| those who were killed were in the bag-

Louls. Their

DAMAGES FOR COUNT FESTETICS.

 

French Banker Whose Letter Changed
Mother-in-law's Will Must Pay.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Parts, March 7.-The First Chamber
of the Civil Tribunal of the Seine reversed
to-day the previous decision of the Third
Chamber in the suit of Count Rudolphe
Festetics Tolna againat W. EK. Mantius,
the Paris representative of the Farmers
Loan and Trust Company, for $10,000
for a letter which Mr. Mantius wrote
on December 20, 1997, to the parents - of
the Countess, who was formerly Alice
Wetherbee, daughter of Gardner Wether-
bee of New York.

This letter, it waa alleged, was preju-
dicial to the Count because it arrived at
the time when the Castellane-Gould
wedding was causing talk about marriages
between rich American girls and French-
men of title. The letter represented
Count Festetics Tolna as a fortune hunter
and it was said caused Mrs. Wetherbee
to change her will.

Counsel for Mr. Mantius contended
that the letter was a privileged, confi-
dential communication, and the Third
Chamber so held. The auit was there-
fore thrown out of court.

The First Chamber reversed this de-

that he was not related io the Wether-

| bees, nor was he even a personal friend.
For these reasons the court held he was
not qualified to interfere.

 

Will Make Speeches tn Toledo and Chi-
cago and Answer Roosevelt's.

WasnHinoaton, March 7.—President
Taft left Washington to-night for To-

 

involves the maintenance of the traditional

attitude of the United States concerning
American questions commonly described
1 the Monroe Doctrine or other purely
governmental policy

| MOB RAGES AROUND JAIL.

j Florida Troops and Deputies Save Five
} Negroes From Lynching.

| JACKSONVILLE, Fla., March 7.—-Seeking
to lynch five negroes who were charged
with the murder of Samuel Silverstein
and with assault on his wife and two
daughters, a mob of several thousand
men surrounded the county jail at 10
o'clock to-night. The members of the
mob were armed and many of them car-
ried sledge hammers with which to
break in,

The Sheriff threw an extra force of
deputies into the jail and all the mill-
tary companies in the city have been
summoned to thetr armortes.

The mob stormed the police and threw
stones at the windows of the jail. It
was led by a woman, who called on the
men to follow her and avenge the out-
rage. The woman got to the jatl door
when she was selzed by an officer and
jerked inside.

The deputies and police presented
Winchester rifles and the mob halted.
The ordering out of the troops has had
a deterrent effect and the mob began
to disperse. The leaders apparently
realized that the jail could only be
stormed at fearful loss of life.

 

Oceanic Brings 12 Cases—-Mr. Barton's
Murillo Goes to Smith & MeNell's.

The White Star liner Oceanic, in last
evening a day late from Southampton
because of the loss of a blade of her port
propeller, brought twelve cases of the
J. Pierpont Morgan art collection. None
of the officers of the ship knows the con-
tents of the twelve cases but it is said
that they contain medimval enamels and
painted enaméls of the Renaissance
period. They will be removed unopened
to the Metropolitan Museum of Ari
to-day.

Sir Weetman Pearson (Lord Cowdray),
who was a passenger by the Oceanic,
said he was glad Lady Pearson, who is a

suffragist, was not among the women |

who stirred London by smashing windows.
He said in regard to the coal miners’
strike: “It is an undesirable situation
when a labor organization becomes more
powerful than the Government.”

In the second cabin of the Oceanio
came Victor Barton, secreiary of Supt.
Abbot of the Chicago, Rock Island and
Pacific Railroad, with his wife and two
children. He brings with hima inting
called “Pedro” depicting Peter denying
Christ, which he declares is a Murillo
and for which he says $25,000 was offered
to him when the Oceanic got to Cherbourg.
He says it descended to him from the
bucaneer Sir Andrew Barton, who looted
it in Spain. . “I'wo private detectives
went with Mr. Barton to Smith & MoNell's
Hotel down in Washington street to see
that nobody pinched the Murillo.

Other paaesneers by the Ooeanic were
Col. A. W. Swalm, American Consul at
Southampton, and Mre, Swalm; Hon.
Cyril Ward, Hon, Clive Pearson, Mrs,
Elizabeth B, Custer, widow of Gen. Custer;
Mr. and Mrs. Royal Cortissoz, Mre. Charlea
Guerin, Mr. and
Clinton Gage and Charles Smith Averill.

=
o
z=
fi
°
7"
=
3
a
>
| z
Ss
=
fm
Q
=
S
Zz

could put away a lot without his friends |

re. Arthur Orr McBirnie, | ——~

knowing it unless he became unusually
sullen and melancholy.

In the forenoon of yesterday Mead
telephoned to Mr. Heartfield that he
wanted the key to Morningthrope, which
is the name of the granite house of the
jold English castle type on the Howes
|estate. The castle stands on a hill over-
| looking the surrounding country and on
| the other side of the road is the home of
H. H. Vreeland, ex-president of the Metro-
politan Street Railway Company.
lived with his bride of two months a
short distance down the road.

Mead told Mr. Heartfield that a door
had broken in the Howes house and he
wanted to fix it.
he would send a key. About 3 o'clock
in the afternoon his daughters said they
were going to take a drive in theirsurrey
and he asked them to take the key to
Mead. The Heartfields live two miles
away from Morningthrope in a building
which was put up in 1792 by Mrs. Howes's
grandmother. It has been known in this
| section for years as Stonehenge.

Ruby and Amy Heartfield got to the
Howes estate about 2.30 o'clock. They
drove through an iron gate to the barn,
which is about 150 feet from the road and
back of the granite house, The front
of the barn, a substantial structure,
stretches along the side of the road for
125 feet. As the pony pulling the surrey
trotted into the barn Mead was in the
back of the barn, seemingly bending over
a carriage axle. At one end of the barn
is a stable and a garage. At the other
end is a washroom and partitioned off
from this a harness room.

“Here are the keys, George,” called
Amy when she saw the caretaker.

Mead walked across the floor and the
girls began to wheel the pony so that
they could drive out. As Mead stepped
up to Amy he hit her several times on
the head. After the explosion the
searchers found a hammer, a monkey
wrench and a piece of hardwood mould-
ing, and it is believed that the latter
was used, as the cuts were sharp and
not such as would be made by a hammer
|or & monkey wrench. The girls, how-
| ever, were unable to tell yesterday which
| weapon had been used.

Amy almost fell out of the surrey,
but she struck with her fists, hammering
Mead in the face. She knows she was
stunned, but she does not know whether
Mead dragged her out of the carriage
or whether she fell out. But tho next
she recalls is that she was on her feet
onthe floor, Ruby was pummelling Mead
as he struck her and tried to drag her
toward the washroom. There was a
queer feeling in Amy's head, but it was
not so queer that she did not rush to
her sister's assistance. Then Mead had
to fight the two girls,

“It was a mad scramble,” Amy told her
father afterward, “and I am not sure
just what happened, but we fought with
our fists as best we could,”

Perhaps it was twenty feet from where
Mead first struck the girls to the wash-
room door. As he dragged them and hit
them and pushed them, they fighting
with all their strength, one to protect
the other, Mead's fury increased, and he
finally got them to the door of the wash-
room, With a mighty shove he threw
Ruby aside and dragged Amy into the
room. Holding Amy with one hand,

 

“Continued on Fourth Page,

Mead |

The minister told him |

| tedo and Chicago, where he will make

political speeches. fe was accompanied

by Secretary Hilles, Major Thomas L.
| Rhoads, U. 8. A., and the ususal secret

service guard. Mh. Taft will arrive at
Toledo late to-morrow afternoon, where
| he will makeanaddress onthe “Judiciary
He will spend Satur-
day in Chicago, where a busy pro-
gramme has been arranged for him.
He will leave Chicago late Sunday after-
noon, reaching Washington on Monday
| afternoon.

The President will answer Col. Roose-
velt’s Columbus speech on this trip and
his utterances are expected to crystalize

the opposition to Roosevelt's revolution-
|e doctrines,

and Progress,”

|

 

| BASKETBALL HERO BADLY CUT.

| Shibley of Columbia Stuck His Head
| Through Subway Car Door.

Gerald Spencer Shibley, a member of
the senior class at Columbia University
and a substitute on Columbia's basket-
ball team that has just won the tnter-
collegiate championship, stuck his head
through the siiding door on a subway
car last night and was badly cut. Shib-
ley started to get off a northbound
train at the Astor Place platform and
the guard stammed the door to as he
was about to pass out,

He was cut In the head and hands by
the glass In the upper part of the door.
| Dr. Anderton sewed up the young man's
wounds'‘at Bellevue and he went to his
| 434 West 164th street

home at in a

taxicab,

TO STOP TELEPHONE LEAKS.

‘New England Company Buys Boy's In-
vention That Bars Listeners.

Worcester, Mass., March 7.—Philip
Lavery, 20 years old, a mill worker in
the town of Webster, to-day got $17,000
for his rights in a device; now in the
patent office at Washington, to prevent
a third person from overhearing the
conversation of two people talking over
the telephone. He sold it to the New
England Telephone and Telegraph
Company, whose mechanics had worked
in vain for years to perfect such an
invention.

The invention consists of a small con-
trivance that fits Into each Instrument,
It is constructed of mica ané steel.

 

NEW MOVE IN DARROW CASE

May

 

Be Arrested on Warrant From a
Justice Court..

Los ANGELES, Cal., March 7.--When the
jease of Clarence Darrow is called on
| Saturday the defence will refuse to ac-
cept the notes of Deputy District At-
torney Keetch in lieu of a transcript of
the Grand Jury evidence, it was said

t f

Aittoney Earl Rogers, chief counsel
for Darrow, will contend that the court's
order has not been complied with.

The indictment, according to present
plans of District Attorney Fredericks,
will then be dismissed and Darrow ar-
rested on a complaint sworn to in a jus-
tice court.

WING ROOM—COMPABTMENT CARS
2 PDA ATLANTIC COAAT LINE. 40:18
“Bother itd. trains daily; 1:26, 8:38 & 0:30 P, M,

dius roadway. Phone 140 Madison Sq.— Ade.

cision and condemned Mr. Mantius to) It is acknowledged that the situation in
pay all costs as damages on the ground | M is a source of great alarm to this

 

TAFT SENDS TWO

 

MORE

 

Troops Will Be Rushed to End
Smuggling of Arms Into
Mexico.

WILL FORM CHAIN GUARD

 

Besides Aiding Madero President Pre-
pares to Meet Any
Emergency.

 

Wasarnaton, March 7.— President Taft
has decided to send two more regiments
of troops to the Mexican border. This
decision was reached this evening after
a conference with Secretary Stimson
and other members of the Cabinet.

The War Department has not deter-
mined from what posts these two regi-
ments will be drawn, but they will come
from some of the posta in the northern
part of the United States.

Orders will be issued the first thing
in the morning for ‘these 1,700 men to
proceed at once to El Paso. They will
reenforce the troops already stationed
at that city undér the command of Col.
Steever of the Fourth Cavalry.

The two additional regiments are to
relieve troops stationed at El Paso, which
will be immediately hurried out for patrol
duty on the border. President Taft and
his War Department advisers have finally.
decided to establish a chain guard along
the border almost as strong as the one
established in the recent revolution
against Diaz.

It is expected that the ordering of the
two new regiments to the border is only
the forerunner of the movement of further
troops. It is likely, however, that the
movement of troops will be gradual.

The decision to establish a chain guard
is to prevent the carrying of firearms
and ammunition into Mexico from the
United States for the rebel forces.
Madero has complained bitterly of the
help the revolutionists have obtained in
this way and the President and his
advisers have decided to do everything
possible to remove this cause of irrjtation.

It is obvious, however, that under cover
of this border patrol the Administration is
gradually preparing itself to meet any
emergency that may arise in Mexico.

Government

The War Department's plans are com-
plete for a campaign of 10,000 men in
Mexico if the situation should at any
time warrant euch a step. The army is
being held in readiness to move from
barracks on two hours notice, and reports
from’ every State show the National
Guard can be depended on to provide a
force of 65,000 for service alongthe Rio
Grande.

M. Jusserand, the French Ambassador,
is keenly observant of the situation in
Mexico. He had another conference
with acting Secretary Wilson to-day.
It is understood the Ambassador made
known the purpose of the despatch of a
French cruiser to Vera Cruz, where con-
ditions are reported to have become worse.

The State Department is informed
that there is no alarm over the safety
of Americans in the State of Tabasco,
the natives having a friendjy feeling
toward Americans.

WILSON URGES PRECAUTIONS.

Ambassador Advises Americans to Form
Committee of Safety.

Msxico City, March 7.—President
Maderou's new Cabinet will probably be
announced immediately as follows:

Francisco Leon De La Barra, Secre-
tary of Foreign Relations; Fernand{ino
Iglesias Calderon, Secretaty of the In-
terlor; Jesus Flores Magon, Secretary
of Justice; Geronimo Trevino, Secre-
of War and Marine; Alfred Robles Do-
minguez, Secretary of Communications
and Public Works,

Pino Suarez will eliminated to
satisfy public opinion. Gustavo Ma-
dero, who is generally regarded as the
cause of the present situation, refuses
to retire from politics.

Four hundred Americans met at the
Young Men's Christian Association this
afternoon. Ambassador Wilson made a
speech.

“LT am here simply to expres my sym-
pathy as an American,” he said, “with
any plan for the protection of the Amer-
iean colony and the procedure that may
be deemed necessary. I believe a com-
mittee of nine should be appointed to
handle American affairs in Mexico. This
committee should appoiat a subcommit-
tee of three to confer with similar com-
mittees from the other foreign colonies
and decide on what action we should
take to avert trouble. In the first place
we should obey the Mexican Govern-
ment and in the next protect property,
especially our own.

“The Mexican Government's policy
is weak and uncertain, but it gives evi-
dence of improving. Danger may come
at any moment, and we must be pre-
pared, The surest way to protect our-
selves when trouble arrives is to be
prepared, and now is the time to pre-
pare.

“There is a.sad condition of affairs
now, but we myst back the Mexican
Government, under which Americans
live in peace and prosperity. We must
not Interfere in politics here, but must
stand aside until danger confronts us,
Then we shall khow how to act.”

be

 

REBELS USE U. S. STAMPS.
Mall Will Be Forwarded to El Paso for
Cancellations.

Eu Paso, March 7.--United States

postage stamps are to be used by the
new rebel government of Mexico until
it is recognized by the Postal Union. The
rebela have ordered the resumption of
mail service in the State of Chihuahua,
which they now control, and the United
States has ordered the mail delivered to

them despite the protests of the Mexican |

Federal Government. The rebels are

Conlinued on Fijth Page.

Sun.z®

  
  

yy to-day;

Detailed weather

1912, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

!

SOUTH POLE IS REACHED BY
venceean na, BOTH AMUNDSEN AND. SCOTT

THE WEATHER FORECAST.

rain to-night or to-morrow,

colder to-morrow night.

reforts will be found on page 15.

ee

~ PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

 

OHIO MOVES TOWARD SUFFRAGE.

Constitutional Convention Adopts Clause
! to Allow Women to Vote.
CoLtumaus, Ohio, March 7.—The Con-
stitutional Convention to-day adopted a
proposal to permit women to participate
in all elections.

To-day's proposal will be submitted to
the ‘men voters.
voting, seventy-six cast ballots for equal
suffrage. There are 110 delegates in the
convention.

NAT GOODWIN’S RUM BILL.

He Ordered a Hogshead of Scotch After
Marriage to Edna Goodrich.

George A. Poggi & Co., Ltd., a Liver-
pool liquor firm, filed a Bill of partic-
ulars in the City Court yesterday in a
suit against Nat C. Goodwin to recover
$302 as the amount unpaid on a bill of $720
for whiskey and wines shipped to Good-
win's bungalow at Ocean Park, Cal.,
shortly after ais marriage to Edna Good-
rich. The bill of particulars includes a
hogshead of Scotch whiskey, three cases
of brandy,-ten dozen bottles of Madeira
° ten dozen of 1904 port.

 

 

SOLD HOUSES HE DIDN'T OWN.

Indicted Jersey City Real Estate Agent
Arrested as Fugitive.

James K. Murphy, a former justice
of the peace in Jersey City, was arrested
last night at Ninety-sixth street and
Amsterdam avenue as a fugitive from
justice. In December he jumped $6,000
bail furnished for his appearance in
criminal proceedings brought against
him by John McManus of Jersey City.

Murphy was a real estate agent, and
McManus alleges that he sold him for
$2,600 a house over which he had no con-
trol. McManus further says that Mur-
phy acted ostensibly as agent for the
house, paid rent to him which he said
he collected, and later sold the house,
paying McManus with a check for
$9,000, which was worthless. Murphy
has been indicted in Jersey City for a
similar transaction with James C.
Royce, the amount involved being
$1,800. After Murphy skipped his office
was opened on a search warrant and
the safe was found drilled and blown
open. Murphy has been living at 111
West 100th street.

STOPS $1,800,000 GRAFT IN CUBA.

U. 8. Minister Warns Gomez, Who Ad-
journs Congress~-Negroes Uneasy.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Havana, March 7.—-Mr. Beaupré, the
United States Minister, acting presum-
ably on instructions from Washington,
has notified President Gomez that the
United States would be displeased with
the approval of the subsidy of $1,800,000
voted by the House to build a railroad
from Caibarien to Nuevitas. It has been
common gossip that the subsidy is in-
tended for President Gomez and_ his
friends.

President Gomez issued a decree to-
day adjourning the Congress. This will
avert for the time being the acceptance
of the resignation of Speaker Ferrara
and an answer by the President to the
query of the House as to why he approved
a budget which after it had been voted
by the House the Senate had cut down
by $4,000,000.

The negro campaign is waxing warm.
The Government is watching the leaders
and is also refusing permission to the
party to hold meetings. The negroes
are determined to meet, organize and
take an active part in the elections, hoping
to be able to secure the balance of power
between the two parties.

The press continues to discuss ap-
proaching intervention by the United
States. Politicians and business men
alike seem to consider intervention
certainty.

STUDENTS’ FINGERPRINTS.

Chicago Universtty Hunting Man Who
Stole Relic From Museum.

Cuicaco, March 7.--Wholesale taking
of fingerprints in connection with the
theft of a 3,500-year-old golden pendant
from Haskell Oriental Museum at the
University of “hicago has thrown the
student body of that institution into a
turmoil.

Ink impressions of the hands of sixty
employees of the university have been
taken, and it is declared to-day that if
necessary impressions of the fingers of
every male employee and student at the
institution will be taken in an effort to
capture the thief.

One man whose fingerprints are said
to tally with impressions found on the
glass case in which the antique treasure
was kept in the museum was arraigned
at the Harrison street police station
to-day.

The impressions on the piece of glass
were declared by Judge Beitler, before
whom the man was taken, to betoo faint
to be used as evidence. The case was
continued until Saturday to allow Capt
William Evans at the Bureau of Identifi-
cation to develop the prints.

 

 

 

TO KILL HOUSE STEEL BILL.|

 

Senate Finance Committee Decides to
Make Adverse Report.
Wasuinaton, March 7.—-An adverse
report on the House steel bill was ordered
by the Senate Finance Committee at a
meeting to-day of the Republican mem-
bers. Senator Penrose was ordered to
prepare the report. Senator La Follette
was thaonly Republican member absent.
The report will take the view, which
is understood to be shared by the Presi-
dent, that legislation on the steel schedule
should wait on the report of the Tariff
Board. The members of the committee
interchanged views as to the prospects
for legislation, and the sentiment seemed
to be that the ‘Democrats and progres-
sive Republicans would hardly be able
to get together on tariff legislation.

Of the 109 delegates |

Norwegian Proclaims
Rival’s Victory Before
His Own.

His

HIS FIND MADE DEC. 14

 

Stayed There Three Days
to Make His Observations
Unassailable.

 

|
FRAM SAFE AT HOBART

 

English Explorer's Vessel Delayed
Picking Up Members of
Expedition.

 

NEWS SENT TO KING HAAKON

Double Conquest of the Antarctie Made
Known to the World From
Christiania.

Special Cable Despatches to THR SUN.

Lonpon, March 7.—Capt. Roald, Amund-
sen, the Norwegian explorer, has dis-
covered the south pole.

Definite news has been received by th>
| Chronicle, via Christiania, that he reached
|the pole between December 14 and 17

The news came in the form of the fol-
| owing despatch from Leon Amundsen,

the explorer's brother, to the Chronicle:

“CHRISTIANIA, March 7.--Following
telegram received from Hobart:

“Pole attained 14th-17th December,
1911; all well. RoaLD AMUNDSEN.’”

A despatch received here from Copen-
hagen to-night says one of the local newa-
papers there has a story from Christiania
saying that a message has been received
from a member of the Fram party saying
that Capt. Amundsen reached the south
pole,

AUCKLAND, New Zealand, March 7
(Special cable despatch to Taz EVENING

| Scn.)—Word reached here through Capt
Roald Amundsen that Capt. Robert F. Scott
| reached the south pole. Capt. Amundse:
| declined to make any statement in regard
to his own expedition.

WELLINGTON, New Zealand, March 7
| (Special cable despatch to Taz EVENING
| SuN).—Capt. Amundsen, arriving at Ho-

bart, Tasmania, reports that Capt. Scott
has reached the south pole

CHRISTIANIA, March 7.—In a special
this evening the newspaper Social Demo-

krater announces that it has received a’

| private cable despatch announcing that
| Capt. Roald Amundsen succeeded in his
| quest for the south pole. Whether he got
| there before Capt. Scott is not etated.
The King has also received a telegram
, from Capt. Amundsen, but the contents
| have not yet been divulged. The news-
papers Aftenposten and Tidena Tegn
| will print the telegram to-morrow.
Capt. Amundsen's brother Leon saya
Roald will go on a lecture tour of Australia
| and Europe, after which he will head an
| expedition to the north pole, Meantime
the Fram, after making necessary repairs,
will go to San Franoisco, where Amundsen
| will meet her in 1913.

LONDON SURPRISED.

| Lonpon, March 7.—Quickly following
| the despatch from Hobart, Tasmania,
that Capt. Amundsen had arrived there, a
telegram reached the Daily Express from
Wellington saying: “Amundsen atates
| Scott reached pole.” Beyond these de-
| spatches and the news from Christiania,
| Norway, which Amundsen cabled there
| confirming his arrival at Hobart, nothing
| is known.
| The return of Capt. Amundsen in ine
Fram two weeks before he waa expected
| caused great surprise here. This was
especially felt by the members of the
British Royal Geographical Society, who
said this morning that they had had no
| news of Capt. Amundsen except that
| contained in the newspaper despatches
| recording his arrival in Tasmania.

It was pointed out by officials of the
society that Capt. Amundsen intended
| to make purely a dash for the south pole
' and had no intention of carrying out any
| large programme of scientific work. It
is believed, however, that he may have
persevered in sledge work throughout
lthe winter, and, if favored by good
\eenahas and ice conditions, may have
| achieved resulta striking enough to jus+
| tity him in making the journey back
fearlier than he had originally intended
| to do.

COMMENTS BY SHACKLETON,

 

Lieut. Sir Ernest Shackleton, comment-
ling ‘nthe columns of the qifronicle, thie