~ VOL, LXXIL—NO. 75,

PERRYBOAT ON THE ROCKS,

 

 

PASSENGERS IN FRIGHT FOR

HOURS UNTIL RESCUE CAME,
Police Launch Took Them Off After the
Patrol and Tugboats Had Failed to
Get Near Enough to Do So In the Gale
—Crew and Teamsters Stay Aboard,

 

The police boat Patro], two tugs and the
Health Department steamer Franklin Ed-
son went to the rescue of the passengers
and crew of the ferryboat Port Morris
of the New York and College Point Ferry
Gompany, when she was blown on Berrien’s
]sland Reef, off Astoria shortly after 6 o'clock
last night. The boats that went to the rescue
couldn't get within fifty pards of the stranded
ferryboat on account of the rocks and after
working about her for three hours they
gave up the task.

At this time six policemen from the crew
of the Patrol manned a lifeboat and sta
fromm the dock at the foot of East 138th
street to row two miles to the stranded
ferryboat through a heavy sea that threat-
ened to swamp the boat at any moment,
Thev had pulled hard at the cars and were
within hailing distanoe of the Port Morris,
when Launch 6 of the Harbor police sub-
gtation darted out of her dock at the foot
of East 122d street, and, running alongside
of the grounded ferryboat, took off eleven
passengers who had spent three and a half
hours in terror.

Aboard the Port Morris besides the pas-
sengers were her crew of ten men, and six
Long Island farmers that did not come
ashore with the eleven passengers. The
farmers refused to leave the four teams
they had aboard and the crew remained
behind to assist in getting the boat off the
rocks.

The eleven passengers were taken to the
Fast 138th street dock and from there hur-
ried to their homes, ‘The police got these

names: William H. Ward, 320 East 119th |

street; Edward McDonald, Glen Ridge;
George Colon, 118 East 122d street; Charles
Chapman, College Point; Richard Horst-
man, 26 Catharine street; Albert Wetzelt,
220 East Eighty-fifth street,and his brother,
Otto, of 1646 Second avenue. The launch
that took them off was in charge of Rounds-
man Wetlofter, and the six policemen that
rowed to the stranded ferryboat are Kelly,
Reilly, O'Shaughnessy, Ryan, Coghlan and

Dunham. The latter were so exhausted
when they returned to the dock at 138th
street that they were ordered to bed aboard
the Patrol.

The Port Morris left College Point shortly
after 6 o'clock for her slip at East Ninety-
ninth street. Off the Sunken Meadows
she was twisted out of our course by a
terrific blow and the pilot so0n found that
the boat refused to respond to her helm
when he put the wheel over. She drifted
toward the Long Island shore and ran on
the rocks off the Steinway Piano Works.
The point where she grounded is at the
entrance to Bowery Bay and within a few
yards of the Red Beacon light that marks
the rocks, which are known as the Berrien’s
Island Reef. Cries of panicstricken passen-
gers could be heard ashore, although the
boat appeared to be in no great danger.

The crew soon found that the Port Morris
was hard aground and her whistle began
screaming for help. The lighthouse keeper
on North Brother Island notified Chief Clerk
Mallaber of the hospital on the island, and
he sent word to the Merritt-Chapman
Wrecking Company in this city. About
the same time the captain of New Haven
Railroad Tug 14 heard the distress signals
and sent word to Police Headquarters.

The police boat Patrol was ordered from
Pier A, North River. The reserves of the
Astoria and College Point police stations
were also sent to the shore opposite the
.rounded ferry boat and the harbor police

unches from the Harlem sub-station at
122d street were ordered to lend any aasist-

ance possible, They could make no head-
way in the turbulent sea.
Word of the accident was sent to Supt.

lkeoscher of the ferry company, and he
chartered the tug Three Brothers Line
and started for the disabled boat.

The wind lashed the sea about North
Brother Island into such a ferment that
to send out an ordinary boat from there
was impossible. The steamboat Franklin
kdson of the Health Department hove in
Mght off North Brother Island. It was
with the greatest difficulty that the steamer
finally managed to effect a landing. She
had left the dock at the foot of East Six-
teenth street two hours before with patients
suffering from contagious diseases. She
was blown and buffeted about in the gale
and once the crew thought she was going
to turn turtle. Nearly all the patients
were thrown from their bwnks.

It was a hard task to get the Edson
moored to the North Brother Island dock,
and the sick patients were taken down the
gangplank under dangerous conditions.
When all had been got ashore the crew of
the Edson put her off and headed for the
Port Morris.

The Edson was unable to get anywhere
near the grounded ferryboat owing to
the rocks. After many attempts she gave
Up the task and put into the Health Depart-
ment dock at the foot of East 138th street.

The police boat Patrol had been standing
by throwing her searchlight on the grounded
ferryboat. It could get no nearer than the
Edson and it gave up and put into the
138th street dook at 9:30 o'clock, It was
then that six members of her crew volun-
teered to row out. Their lifeboat was an
ordinary seaskiff.

The two launches of the harbor police
at the foot of East 122d street had made
several attempte to run through the heavy
Sirf, but each time had put back for fear of
swamping. Finally Roundsman Wetlofter
decided to make the attempt again. Te
little craft had a rough trip, but he made it.
Running alongside of the Port Morris, he
learned from Capt. George Collins that the
boat was in no immediate danger, but that
the passengers would weloome the oppor-
tunity of reaching shor, The launch was
made fast to the starboard side of the ferry
boat, which had listed to starboard when
se ran on the reef. As the deck was close
‘o the surface of the water, the eleven
passengers climbed into the launch with
ttle difficulty. \

undsman Wetlofter went aboard the
Port Morris to ascertain just what damage
had been done, From Capt. Collinge ji.
learned that a hole had’ been stove in the
starboard bow of the boat and that for x

time she had taken in water ertite.rapid'y. |

The engineer patched up the rent whic
the crew manned the pumps. The pass "

ers were for a time on the verge of a pan \

‘The impact when the boat struck the rocks
head on threw the eight horses from (\) >i:
feet and a great commotion in the runwo)
followed. All the weight posible wae

;

—————————————— ee oe

1

 

 

|
|

| retu

‘

shifted astern, so that the bow could be kep
as high out as possible. In this way the
rush of water into the leak was checked.

Just as the launch put back toward the
138th street dock, the skiff manned by the
six harbor cops arrived off the Port Morris's
bow. Roundsman Wetlofter called out to
the six that their services were not needed
and ordered them back tothe Patrol. They
arrived at the dock shortly after the launch
had started on a second trip. The six
were drenched to the skin and go exhausted
from the hard row that they had to be lifted
from the skiff. Roundsman Hallock, in
commafid of the Patrol, ordered them tq go
to bed.

The others in the Patrol's crew said they
didn't know whether or not the six were
suffering from the trip as much as they
were from disappointment because the
launch got to the Port Morris ahead of
them. When the launch reached the Port
Morris on a second trip the six Long Island
farmers refused to leave their teams. The
wagons were farm products that were
destined for Manhattan consumption.

“I reckon this boat ain't goin’ to sink,”
said one driver, “and I guess I'l) stick by
my pro-duce.”

When the launch reached the Port Morris
on the second trip Capt. George Collins
was found to be in bad shape with nervous
prostration. He was stretched out on
the floor of the cabin. Capt. Collins has
been suffering from nervous trouble for
some time,

The tug Three Brothers, Capt. Peats,
with Supt. Beecher gboard, managed
finally to get alongside of the Port Morris
and set about to arrange for pulling her
off the rocks. Capt. Collins insisted that
he be taken ashore and sent to the hospital.
So the Three Brothers took him to College
Point, where he was sent to the Flushing
Hospital. His condition is said to be quite
critical.

It was learned from the crew that al-
though the Port Morris was being blown
rapidly before the gale Capt. Collins had
not lost all control over the boat's helm.
According to the crew, he was steering her
for the open and would never have struck
the Berrian's Island Reef had not the Red
Beacon light been blown out by the wind.

The Three Brothers went back to the Port
Morris after taking Capt. Collins ashore,
fastened ropes to the stern of the boat and
hoped to pull her off before morning at
flood tide. When the Port Morris struck
on the rocks the tide was at half ebb.

The Port Morris is a newly constructed
craft of the one deck and side wheel variety.
She was built in Brooklyn in 1901 for the
New York and College Point Ferry Com-
pany, and was only recently put into com-
mission. She is 143 feet long, has 500-
horse-power engines and a gross tonnage of
560. She is eqhipped with half a dozen life

boata.
FERRY BOATS BOTHERED.

Warships, Fearful of Dragging Anchors,
Get Up Steam.

The storm on Staten Island increased in
violence last night. The wind kicked up a
high sea along the shore. -

At St. Géorge, where the ferry boats land,
the boats were having a hard time of it
and were away behind schedule time. To
order to make the slips the boata had to be
eased in by breast lines on each side and
then held back from the bridges, which were
bobbing up and down. Had the boats
been brought up flush their decks would
have been crushed by the bridges.

The | country.

DID MRS, NOBLE KILL HIM?

MYSTERY SURROUNDS DEATH OF
PAYTON NOBLE,

 

 

Reasoning of the Policeman Who Made the
Arrest Just After the Shooting—Twe
Shots, One of Which Was Fired From
a Point Much Closer Than the Other.

In the death of Payton Noble, clerk of
the Fifth district police court in Long
Island City, and a brother of Surrogate
Daniel Noble of Queens county, the police
of Long Island City believe they have a
regular Anna Katharine Green murder
mystery. It was told in THE SUN yesterday
Morning Noble was shot and killed in his
apartment, 152 Twelfth street, Long Island
City, shortly before midnight on Saturday.
Only his young wife was with him when
the shooting took place,

The explanation of the affair was that
while she and her husband were preparing
to retire she picked up bis pistol from a
bureau drawer. The husband told her to
put it down. She playfully pointed .it at
him. He grasped the muzzle, she retaining
her hold on the butt. Each fought to get
the weapon away from the other, and in the
struggle it went off twice, both bullets
entering Noble's chest. He died almost
instantly.

Such was the first report of the story
told by Mrs. Noble to the police. A more
complete and much more peculiar story
was obtained yesterday. It was told by
Policeman John J. Deboe, who, with Dr.
P. H. Bumster, was the first to reach the
Noble apartment after the shooting. Deboe
was off duty on Saturday night and was
standing at the corner of Twelfth street
and Jackson avenue when a man ran up
and told him that somebody had been shot
in Payton Noble's flat, a few hundred feet
up the street.

Dr. Bumster happened to be passing
at the moment and he heard the story.
He and Deboe hurried to the Noble flat.
Noble was lying face down on the parlor
floor, Hewasdead. Deboe paid particular
attention to Mrs. Noble, who was ina highly
hysterical condition. Deboe told yesterday
afternoon the story of his talk with the
woman. It was, in substance, as follows:

“I asked Mrs. Noble what had happened,
warning her at the same time that any-
thing she said might be used as evidence
against her later. She was pretty inco-
herent for a while, owing to her hysterical
condition, but after a little she told me that
she bad spent the evening with Mr. and Mrs.
Jobn Phillips of 14 Buchanan place, Astoria.
Mrs. Phillips, she said, was an old friend
of hers and Phillips and his wife brought
her home.

“They met Noble, she sald, at the cor-
ner of Jackson avenue and Twelfth street,
and, saying good mght to the Phillipses, she
and ber husband walked home. They live
in an apartment consisting of a parlor,
three bedrooms, a dining room and kitchen
on the second floor of the house. “Opéntng
off the parlor is a emall pedroom.

*Mrs. Noble said that she took off her
‘wraps and gown and her husband had dis-
robed down to his outside shirt and trousers
and was sitting on the couch in the parler
taking off his shoes, She, meantime, had
gone to a trunk to g& something. The
trunk, she said, had not been opened since
she returned from her summer visit in the
In the trunk she found her

gap had to be spanned by movable gang- | husband’s pearl handled, .32-calibre, five
| chamber revolver in a rubber case.

ways. It was almost impossible to get

teams on or off the boats, but it fortunately

being Sunday, there were few such out, {
The delays to the ferry delayed the trains |

meeting the boats. The trolley lines were
slow and uncertain, owing to sand and dirt
washing down on the rails. The line to
Richmond was especially hampered.

At the Government anchorage off Tomp-
kinsville lie the battleships Missouri and
Maine and three transports. They appear
to be making good weather of it, but steam
is up, so the vessels are ready to get
under way if the anchors drag. All have
double anchors out, Several sailing vessels
lying below the warships in the stream
appeared to be making heavy weather of
it, but their anchors held,

At the various places where they could
find shelter on Staten Island were liberty
men from the warships. They should
have reported on board last evening, but
offers of round prices to be put alongside
the warships were refused by the boatmen,
and the ships’ boats ceased running in the
afternoon.

SCHOONER ON THE

Four Men Probably Lost in
Tarpaulln Ceve,

Woop's Ho.#, Mass., Nov. 13.—The smal]
two masted schooner FE. Arcularius, of
Rockland, Me., was wrecked on Naushon
Island, about an eighth of a mile from the
Tarpaulin Cove light, early to-night and
it is feared that the men on board of her
were lost.

The vessel went ashore on a ledge of
rocks just about dark, She came through
Vineyard Sound before the easterly gale,
carrying only her foresail. Her skipper,
Capt. Nelson, tried to haul into Tarpaulin
Cove for shelter, but the gale swept him
on the rocks and almost instantly the
schooner was buried in breakers that were
masthead high.

Keeper Carson of the Tarpaulin Cove
light and a man named Robinson, one of
the caretakers of the Forbes estate on
Naushon Island, saw four men on the ves-
sel’s deck when she struck but they dis-
appeared at once, and it is believed that
they were swept away.

The nearest life saving station is at Cutty-
hunk, almost twenty miles away, but Keeper
Carson said had the station been nearer
it would have been of no help, as it would
have been impossible for a lifeboat to live
in the seas that raged around the craft.

No lights were seen on the craft after
she struck and the people on shore were
unable to distinguish her after darkness
fell. It is believed that the four men per-

ished.
RESCUED UPSIDE DOWN.

One of Two Brothers Saved From Drown.
ing, Lost Money and Gets Mad.

Antonio Sposito and his brother Nicholas

young tailors who live at 5 Elizabeth street,

visited friends in Brooklyn yesterday,
boat Columbia of the

 

ROCKS,
the Gale at

 

 

rning on the fe
Grand street line, which into her slip
at 9:30. Just before she docked Antonio

fell into the water. Nicholas leaped over
to his brother's rescue and the two,were in

danger of drowning eel some one

y
Antonio's trousers,
and with a strong

| lifted him up to the
wharf feet first down.

The rescued man, as soon as he caught
his breath, burat into indignant protest at
being pulled out of the water that end up.
His pookets had been emptied in the process

“She withdrew the revolver from the
case and, turning to her husband, exclaimed:

“ ‘Isn't that a beauty?’

“He told her to put it up and not fool
with it and as he said this he got up from
the couch, his shoes off, and grabbed the
muzzle. They pulled backward and for-
ward for a second or so, she said, and then
the thing went off twice, She said they had
had no altercation, and there was nothing
about the wogan to indicate that she had

been drinking.

“That was all that I could get out of her
and I took a look around the flat, While
I was looking around I heard her say to a
citizen, who will be produced at the proper
time:

“'Yes, he struck me and I shot him.’

_ “Timmediately walked over to the woman
and looked at her carefully. One of her
eyes seemed to me to be red, with the red-
ness that follows a blow, but the redness
may have come from weeping. I walked
into the bed room off the parlor and found
the top bureau drawer open about three
inches, In the drawer I found several
unexploded .82 calibre cartridges and a
box of .22 calibre cartridges, such as are
used in a small rifle. On the floor of the
bedroom, near the bureau, I found an unex-
ploded .32 calibre cartridge.

“Later, on the parlor floor, Dr. Burnster
found two exploded .32 calibre shells and
under Noble's body ke found an unex-
ploded cartridge of the same calibre. ‘That
made two exploded and two unexploded
cartridges found near the body.

“Then I asked Mrs. Noble where the

istol was and she said she had given it
o Mrs, Birnell, who lives on the floor
low and to whom she rushed after the
tragedy. I asked Mrs. Birnell for the
pistol. She was not inclined to turn it
over at first, but thought better of it. Ex-
amining the revolver, I found the breech
open and two of the five chambers loaded.
‘Lhat sfruck me as peculiar, both that the
breech should be open and that only two
unexploded cartridges should be found,
when only two shots had, apparently, been
fired. Then I arrested the woman and on
the yay to the station I told her what I
had fieard her say to the citizen, She was
pretty calm then and replied that I had
misunderstood her. She said that what
she did tell the man was this:

“‘He never struck me in his life and I
did not shoot him.’

This was Deoe's story and it was on his
complaint that Mra, Noble was arraigned
before Magistrate Smith yosteecey morn-
ing in the court of which her husband had
been the clerk. She was not allowed to

lead, but was remanded, without bail,

o the Queens County Jail to await the
result of the autopsy.

The autopey was ormed at 11 o'clock
yesterday morning by Coroner's Physicians
Strong of Long Island City and Flynn of
Jamaica. They found two bullet holes
in the chest, one just below the right nipple
and the other on a line with the left nipple,
about one inch to the left of the median
line. latter b
and caused instant . The
pierced the liver and stomach and probably
was not, in the opinion of the doxtors, the
“rhe wees light ti f powd

ere were very & races of powder
marks on the shirt front over the bullet in
the right side of the chest, but on the shirt
bosom over the wound on the left side the
powder marks were quite thick, showing,
eo the doctors said, that the shot wh
caused death was fired much closer to
Noble's body than the shot which entered
the right side of the chest. The doctors
said that either shot might have been self-
inflicted, but if not they had been fired by
some one shorter than Noble.

Noble was 37 years old and his wife is 21.

They were abov; two reago and
bave no children 1 : ~

‘

 

 

CARDINAL GIBBONS MOBBED.

Followed Into a Priest's Home by Excited
Poles—Pollee Club Them.

BaLTimMore, Nov. 14.—Cardina] Gibbons
this afternoon was mobbed on the steps
of St. Stanislaus Catholic Church by some
of the members of the congregation. The
Cardinal had come in accordance with an
arrangement to officiate at vespers, where
he was to confirm a large class and deliver
& sermon. :

The mobbing was the outcome of a scan-
dal which occurred at the church recently.
Father Morya, then rector of the church,
swore out a warrant for the arrest of a
brother priest whom he accused of sending
improper letters to his housekeeper.

The Cardinal was provoked because
Father Morys had not consulted him before
bringing crimina) proceedings, and although
the charge was not pressed a scandal de-
veloped and the Cardinal removed Father
Morys from his charge. The congregation
requested the Cardinal to reconsider his
determination without avail.

When the Cardinal arrived to-day he
found a great crowd of excited Poles on
the steps. He went to the priest’s house
and was followed by members of the con.
gregation who held the door open until a
number of excited Poles had rushed in,
Then the outer door was locked, Mean-
while the Cardina) had been taken to an
upper room where the mob was prevented
from following.

They called out very loudly that they
would not permit the Cardinal to enter the
church, unless be would consent to restore
Father Morys. Meanwhile the police had
been summoned. They used their clubs
vigorously and very soon drove the ex-
cited Poles out of the rectory.

WOMAN DROVE THE HANSOM.

Cabman, After Several Drinks, Deserted
—Police Are Hunting for Him.

A cabman drove his hansom up to e
saloon at Twenty-sixth street and First
avenue late yesterday afternoon and
partly fell and partly jumped off the box.
Then he grabbed his horse by the bridle
and was attempting to lead it across the
sidewalk into a hallway when a woman
jumped out, followed by a little girl. She
wore a brown tailormade suit and a brown
hat with somewhat bedraggled plumes.

“Aren't you going to take us to the Plaza
Hotel?” she asked angrily, seizing the
cabman by the arm. The cabby gave her
a look of disgust and started up Twenty-
sixth street on foot. ‘

“Where's the nearest™ police station?”
she asked of a crowd of men. When told
how to reach the East Twenty-second
street station the woman picked up the
reine and said to the girl, “Come on, Gladys,
we won't let thig poor. horas. euffer.”.. --—

She put the child inside the bansom, and
climbed to the box. A crowd of men fol-
lowed the cab and directed her to the sta-
tion house.

A courier reached there first, and when
the woman cabby arrived, Sergeant Ford
assisted her to alight.

“We engaged this cab at the Plaza Hotel,
at noon,” the woman gaid, “and went to
Prespect Park, Brooklyn. On the way
over and returning the cabman stopped
a dozen times for drinks. I didn't object,
| becauss I thought he needed something

on a day like this. Now he has deserted
his horse, and I have brought it to you
for sife keeping.”

 

 

* The woman refused to tell her name.
The police took the hansom to a nearby

stable, and sent out a general alarm for the

driver. The license number was 875.

LOST HOTEU CLERK.

Palmer Lost Himself on Purpose, His Friends
Think—Resigned His Job First.

The police have found no trace of Alex-
ander Hamilton Palmer, the hotel clerk,
for whom his wife, Mrs. Virginia B. Palmer,
caused a general alarm to be sent out on
Saturday night. Palmer disappeared a
week ago to-day. Before going away he
wrote a letter to the proprietor of the Hotel
Astor-resigning as room clerk.

Palmer is 69 years old and will have eome
difficulty in losing himeelf ecamse he is so
well known. He was at the Waldorf-
Astoria eleven years, and before that he
spent twelve years behind the desk at the
Fifth Avenue.

He was the man who greeted every ar-
rival at the hotel and selected the room a
newcomer was to occupy, This brought
him in direct contact with every guest who
stayed at the hotel in which he was em-
ployed. He has a remarkable memory
for names and faces and he knows thou-
sands of people. At one time he rana hotel
in Florida.

Palmer's friends say he probably knew
what be was about when he went away.
He lived at the Hotel Gerard in West Forty-
fourth street, while his wife made her home at
the Park Avenue. Palmer's room at the
Gerard is still held for him, It was said
there yesterday that his effects were still
in his room.

THEATRE PUT OUT OF BUSINESS

Boston Students Shower the Actors With
Vegetables and Stale Eggs.

Boston, Nov. 12.—Six hundred Institute
of Technology students put the Globe Thea-
tre out of business last night by showering
the actors and actresses in Stella Mahew's
“Flo Flo” with vegetables of several varieties
and eggs of ancient date. The students
were making merry because of the dedica-
tion of their new athletic field and because
their cross country team had beaten that
of Harvard to-day. The theatre manage-
ment rather expected there would be some
lively times with the boys and had extra po-
licemen on °

During the ear)
seed carpe

gu e
but at 10 ovclook, when the omens an
oth les began to fiy over the foot
e members of the company were
eo busy dodging the missiles that they
forgot their lines and the curtain was rung
down and the audience dismissed.

Outside the theatre, the students did some
cheering, but they dispersed quietly, as
the recollection of the thumping the police
gave them on Nov. 2 was still fresh in the
minds of many of them.

 

rt of the show the
emeelves with cheer-
le on the stage

er
lights,

 

Bornett's Extract of Vanilla

Is the standard everywhere,
—Adt.

Sold by best grocers.

 

NOT IN FIFTY YEARS
Will another Exposition equal to St Louls be
The way to reach |t Is by
New York Central,
give full particu

seen in this country,
the West Shore at $23.25, or

%. Our ticket agents will
Ln

SISTBRS END LIFE TOGETHER,

LEAVE THE'R BODIES TO MT.
SINAI HOSPITAL.

Hoped in That Way, They Wrote, to Pay for
Borial—Had Dispesed of Their Furnk

' ture and Been Dispossessed From
Their Flat—Sent Away 8200 Recently.

Valerie Fischer and Louise Abel, sisters,
aged respectively 28 and 80 years, com-
mitted suicide sometime between mid-
night and dawn yesterday morning in
their five room flat at 838 East Fifty-firet
street, from which they had been ordered
to move, They were found at 8:30 o'clock
in the morning lying stone dead on the floor
of their bedroom. The window and door
were tightly olosed and the gas turned on.

The flat, which the two young women
had lived in since Sept. 27, was stripped
of every article of furniture. There was
not even a chair to sit upon. The two
women in writing the half dozen or 80
letters they left behind them, evidently
bad stood up and used the board cover
of the stationary washtubs asa table. A
box of note paper and envelopes, a new
pen and ink bottle were lying there. The
letters, al) neatly addressed, were on the
mantelpiece in the little front room. Be-
side them lay a silver 60 cent piece to pay
the postage.

On the radiator in the parlor was a smal)
reticule. In it was a dollar bill, a 10 cent
piece and a receipt showing that $195.85
had been sent on Friday last to the son of
Louise Abelin Vienna. Jn one of the letters
he was referred to as an invalid.

It was between 7:30 and 8 o'clock in the
morning that tenants in the house began to
complain of escaping gas and the janitor
traced it to the sisters’ flat, the door of
which he opened with a pass key. The
door into the bedroom from the parlor was
closed. The janitor could only open it
about a foot, for the body of Louise Abel
lay almost against it. Close by her lay
Valerie. Their heads rested on a long
couch cushion, the sole remnant of the fur-
niture.

From the two burners of the gas chan-
delier in the ceiling were new rubber gas
tubes euch as are used to feed a drop light.
Their ends reached to within about a foot
of the floor. In order to put the ends in
their mouths the sisters must have been
compelled to sit partially up until they
became unconscious and fell back, Louise
was lying on her face, Valerie on her back.
Valerie was evidently dead, but the janitor
when he threw open a front window thought
that Loulse moved.

He hurried to the East Fifty-first street
police station and an ambulance wassum-
moned, The ambulance doctor saqid that
the women had been dead for some hours,

In addition to the addressed personal
letters there was an open sheet of paper
lying on the mantel. It was written in

 

 

Shale Rasket Wee tans die Wend

who may find our bodies.”

In substance the letter said that the two
sisters had had so much misery together
that they had determined to die together;
that they did not wish to be separated even
in death, and begged that they might be
buried together in one grave; that if they
had been unable to do any good to any-
body while in this world they hoped they
might be of some service to mankind after
death by bequeathing their bodies to some
medical institution for dissection. They
designated Mount Sinai Hospital to take
charge of the bequest in the hope that it
might be of sufficient value to give them
a decent burial together in one grave. All
the other letters were addressed to persons
living in Munich and Vienna.

People in the house knew very little about
the sisters, save that they were courteous
and gentle in their manner and orderly in
their life. They worked at gold plating
and polishing, they said, and one of them
did needlework. The oldest, Louise, was
dark and etout; the other, Valerie, was
blond, slender and quite good looking.
They dressed quietly but well, went away
mornings and came back evenings; now and
then went out together to the theatre even-
ings; had at one time a boarder, a man, who
occupied one of the spare bedrooms. When
he went away they tried 'to:get another
boarder, but did not succeed,

In October they defaulted in their rent
and the janitor served them with dispossess
papers. They finally raised the money
and remained. This month they were be-
hind again. They pleaded for time, but it
was refused and notice to quit was again
served on them. They had a fair supply
of very good furniture. Last Friday a
van came and carried it all away.

They remained in the empty apartments
on Friday night, sleeping on the floor. On
Saturday Louise, the elder, asked the
janitor if they might stay one more
night. He consented and they gave up
all their keys save the one that opened the
door from the parlor to the entrance hall,
They went away together about 7 o'clock
on Saturday evening. They seemed to
be in good spirits and said they were going
to the theatre. They returned at 11:45,
went into their empty, cheerless rooms
and were not seen alive again,

The bodies were removed to Merritt's
undertaking establishment in Eighth ave-
nue, There it was eald that they would
not go to the Potter's Field for the Merritt
concern itself would pay for a decent in-
terment,

Among the papers left in a box in the
kitchen were a number of letters addrossed
to Valerie Suss—the young women’s maiden
name was Suss—19 Alterstrasse, Vienna,
There was also found in the same box a
large diploma certifying that Anton Suss—
the father—having served and paid dues
the requisite number of years, was a vet-
eran and honorary member of the Israclite
Benevolent Association,

LOSER OF 83,000 SUSPICIOUS.

Partly Because the Girl Whe Was Robbed
Refused to See Him.

Henry Rust, the grocer whose savings of
$3,025 were supposed to have been stolen
in a Sixth avenue department estore on
Friday from Lillian Eppich, te whom he
was engaged to be married, went to Jeffer-
son Market police court yesterday and
asked what he could do in the way of pro-
ceeding inst the woman,

“Why, I thought she lost the money—
was robbed,” said the Magistrate.

“That's what she says, lied Rust,

“but she has told different chorion, and last
poet when I went to the house at 167 West
| Thirty-seventh street, where she works,
she slammed the door in my face.”
The M rate told Rust that he would
‘ have to offer something in the way of evi-
| dence bafore the Court could do anything
i fer hime

~

 

 

ce
a

 

OCEAN RATE WAR ENDS.

Cunard and Hembtrg-Ameriean Lines
Reach ar. Agreement.
Special Cable Despaich to THE SUX.

BERLIN, Nov. 13.~A meeting of repre-
sentatives of the Cunard Steamship Com-
pany and Herr Ballin, director of the Ham-
burg-American Line, resulted in an agree-
ment to-day by which the Hungarian
traffic, the Cunard Line consenting, will
come into line with its rivals.

An official statement says that the nego-
tiations were concluded subject to the
approval of the Hungarian Government
to the extent that the Cunard Line will,
respecting Continental traffic, join the
association of Continental companies. All
war measures will be withdrawn from
to-day, and the Continental rates’ will be
restored immediately.

WIND BLOWS WOMAN OVER.

Lands Her Unoonscious in a Mud Puddle
in Long Acre Square.

The wind all yesterday afternoon played
havoo with passengers who got on and eff
the trolley oars at Broadway and Seventh
avenue. The vortex of a whirlwind seemed
to have ita abiding place there, and it did
stunts to women’s clothing that the Flat-
fron breeze never dreamed of doing. It blew
Miss Emily Trevelyan of Boston right down
in a mud puddle and scratched her face
badly.

She was just stepping off a Seventh avenue
oar when the wind caught her. She fell
on the tracks behind the car. Her head
hit the pavement and she was unconscious
for a few minutes. She was carried to
@ nearby drug store and revived.

The same zephyr took a hat belonging
to Miss Trevelyan's escort out of sight and
far beyond chasing distance up Broadway.

NEW HAVEN ELECTRIC TRANSIT.

Work to Be Begun To-day—815,000,000
to Be Spent.

New Rocweriz, N. Y., Nov. 18.—The
York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad
Company, it was learned to-day, will be-
gin work on Monday on its new proposed
six track electrio rapid transit system from
New Rochelle to Harlem River. Th3 com-
pany intends to spend $15,000,000 on im-
provements.

Property has been purchased east of the
tracks at New Rochelle, where a $100,000
station will be erected. Already the work.
of constructing a subway under the tracks
has been begun, so that passengers will be
able to reach either station without climbing
the steps to the high bridge over the tracks.
Three hundred men will be put to work at
first in starting the many improvements
intended. A corps of engineers, surveyors
and contractors who will be in charge of
the work have opened offices at New Ro-
chelle.

MRS. C. F. SPRAGUE TO WED.

‘Widow of the Late Congressman Will Marry
Edward Brandgee of Utica.
-Boston, Nov. 13.—The approaching mar-
riage of Mrs. Charles F. Sprague of Brook-
line, widow of Congressman | Sprague,
to Edward Brandgee of Utica, N. Y., just
announced, will prove an exceedingly
interesting bit of news for society. Mrs.
Sprague, who has been for years one of
the conspicuous leaders of the social set
here, was Miss Mary B. Pratt, and as
granddaughter of William F, Weld she
inherited a fortune that is said to amount
to at least $8,000,000. In addition to that
she inherited several millions from her
husband, who died in an insane asylum

nearly three years ago at the age of 45,

A few years ago the Spragues made a
stir by conveying a special train of nine
carloads of household furnishings to Wash-
ington, at the time Mr. Sprague assumed
the duties of Congressman. Mrs. Sprague
attracted much public attention also by
building a Venetian palace, for which the
material was all imported, after it had
been announced that Mrs. John L, Gard-
ner intended to have the same sort of luxury,

SHOT BY FRESHMAN,

Wisconsin Student Resents an Attempt to
Duck Him for Disloyalty.
Mapison, Wis., Nov. 13.—Walter R.
Mason of Brookline, Mass., a freshman
in Wisconsin University, shot’ Arthur
Grunert of Chicago, a sophornore student,
in the left foot while resisting an attempt

to duck him in Lake Mendota last night.
Mason ridiculed the Wisconsin football
team while at supper with Grunert and other

 

 

 

 

Monpay, NOVEMBER 14, 1904, "
No Washington forecast. Probabilities,
clearing and colder-to-day,

 

y

Nee ene een eee eee er ee eee oom
NEW YORK, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1904.—copvriott, 1904, ty The Sun Printing ond Publiahing Association.

PRICE TWO CENTS.

CYCLONE CENTRE

 

Right Here at 7 P.M.—West

and South Cut Off.

TWO STORMS JOIN HERE.
®

Washington and Chicago Wires Go
Down in the Gale and Steet.

 

 

Barometer Lowest for 8 Years—irc af
Snow and Hail ef Unknown Width
About the City to 't Southwest,
10 Inches of Snow @: Altoona, Pa.,
Blizzard at Dover, N. J., 7 Inches of
Snow at Chatham, N. Y.—Ralreoad
Telegraph Wires Busted and Trains
Taking Their Chances--" ven Long
Distance Telephone Wires Troubled.

The West Indian cyclone that cus ot? the
city last night from telegraphic cot i-
cation with the West and South was er. ta-
fant on Friday when it started out to see
and lambaste the world along nearly all
the latitudes of America. It turned out

to be a prodigy after it was noted by the '”

Weather Bureau sharps off the coaet of

| southern Florida on Saturday morning.

|

 

Ita oncoming then was indicated to shore ,
folk merely by a “slight depression.” This :
developed in short order into a barometric
tumble that meant business. The speed
the storm acquired on its track was little °
short of phenomenal. It swished from
the extreme southern point of Florida to ,
Hatteras in twenty-four hours, There was
no high pressure in its course to block it,
and that is why it was so swift. It whirled
from Hatteras to this neighborhood, 400
miles or more, in twelve hours, the centre
arriving somewhat east of us about 7 o'clock
last night. The barometer of Forecaster
Emery at that timo recorded 28.68, which
is the lowest that New York has seen since
Feb. 6, 1896, when it reached the same
point.

The gales that the Southern storm drew
into it as it passed were not of unwonted
cyclonic energy around these parts. The
fiercest came when the low pressure storm
from the Lake regior, finding a kindred
spirit’ in the Southern twirler, n
with it. The marriage occurred, according
to the theory of the local Weather Bureau,
within a few miles of this city, and that’s
what made the barometer fall.

On its unobstructed way here the Wert-
ern blow tore down wires and cut off our
communication with half a continent.

The individual force of the Western
storm could not be measured here, because
of this merging right in the presence of the
‘ometers. But it was a mighty one, and
the two as they headed to the eastward are
likely to give trouble to skippers in the
steamship lane.

The centre of the rumpus was conjeec-

tured, at 8 o'clock Jast night, to be near
Block Island, where the gale was blowing
seventy-six miles and the barometer had

fallen to 28.62, This is very low even for
Block Island, which has some records in
that line. ‘

On other quadrants of the West Indian
storm there probably were fiercer winds
than it created here, where the worst blew
forty-eight miles from the north at 8 o'clock
last night. Im the day there were many
gusts, probably of greater force, that
smashed windows all over town. The first
remblance of a snowstorm came when the
howlers got together. The blast from
the north, entering the rain permeated
air, created flurries of Lig soft flakes that
melted as they whirled to earth.

In the face of such startling phenomena
as palsied their instruments the local
prophets did not care last night to make
any conjectures about the weather we may
have to-day. The wind showed a westerly

students, and the latter resented it as an act | tendency at midnight, and if some more

of disloyalty to the university.
FOR REVOLUTION IN CHINA.

Report That Officers Are Being Recruited
Here to Fight the Empress.

Tacoma, Wash., Nov. 18,—American rep-
resentatives are recruiting throughout the
Western States American officers for the
Chinese Imperial Reform Army, Seven
thousand commissioned officers, it is said,
are wanted to officer a modern Chinese
reform army of 200,000, which is being
organized in southern China for the ap-
parent purpose of overthrowing the
Dowager Empress. A large number of
officers have already signed and are going
to China this winter as individuals. Secrecy
has been maintained marvellously, up to
date, The movement is known to army
officers. ss

POSED AS TELEPHONE MAN.

Apartment House Thief Gets Away With
Valuable Jewelry.

The police of the East Thirty-fifth street
station are looking for a man, who, on
Friday afternoon last, represented himself
as an inspector employed by the New York
Telephone Company, and stole some valua-
ble jewelry from an apartment house, at
441 Park avenue,

The man went about in the different rooms
examining and cutting wires. While in
eet to tosh e dimoed scarf pin

a » & pair
of diamond cuff buttons and om olner
jewelry of value, He cut wires in other
en but didn’t get any more

SUBWAY OPEN TO 157TH STREET.

Fine Mod Pond to Explore at the Terminus
—Nothing Mere.

Subway care on the West Side linc ran
to 157th etreet yesterday. There was no
formal opening of the section from 145th
street to the new northern terminal, but
in spite of the rain a good many persons
made the trip to the end of the line. Then
they wished they hadn't. To get from
the exit tothe downtown entrance they
were obliged to wade through a_ pool of
| mud three inches deep and the width of the
| etreet. That part of Harlem near the new
| station offered no attraction to any but
| ducks.

 

 

 

 

abnormal air spirits don’t butt in the likeli-
hood is that we will have a clear, cold day,
with the temperature close to freezing.

In the afternoon bulletins began to come
to the city of fierce winds, heavy snow ~
and hail and blocked railroad traffic. Last
night New York sat alone and unable to
talk with the rest of the country west and
sowh. Telegraph communication had be-
come crippled in the afternoon. At night
the service was cut cff completely to
the west, and bepond Philadelphia to
the south. The Western Union was pok-
ing out in all directions trying in vain to
make up circuits to work a word around
the storm by way of Canada and down into
the West. The wires ran into blank space
and silence.

The operators testing wires and testing
again, trying now one wire and now am-
other, could not tell even where the trouble
lay or how wide the band which separated
the East from the West was, or exactly
what weather conditions existed in that

belt. All they could say was that “wires
were down”"—they might be able to get
some “up” again at any time, and they
might not. They knew that rain, snow,
hail and wind had cut them off, but nothing
more. Means of communication with Chi-
cago had dwindled to a single wire, and
then early in the evenine that wire flickered
out. Then points nearer were lost—even

Syracuse. The storm reached as far south
as Georgia and up through Pennsylvania,
cutting off the cities there, and through
New York State, not far west, up some-
where into Canada. Beyond this the tele-
graph people could say nothing.

At midnight the Western Union was
still without wires West but had picked
up Baltimore to the South. Messages
were getting through from  Hoston,
Albany and Philadelphia... Gangs of men
were set in motion along all the telegraph
routes to begin work at dawn setiing up
polea blown down and mending brokea
wires,

Even the long distance telephone wires
were affected and no connection could be
made with Washington or Baltimore or
with Chicago or Western vties, The man-
ager of the long distance/.olephone com-

pany would not admit that the wires were

4
4

%
es
-

my

Te ae

4

<8
PH a