enon

=

tet.

Ane ee re ree

i
!

   
     
         
       
 

that the train
Buffalo and New York

    

down, but said that they were having trouble
in getting connections. When & Western

ora Southern city was wanted the reply

was: “We are having some trouble making
connections and will call you when we
have succeeded.”

It is seldom that the long distance tele-
phone wires are put out of business by
storms, Last year in the storm of Feb.
17 the telegraph and local telephone wires
were damaged considerably, but the long
distance wires were working. In the storm
of Feb. 23, 1902, the long distance telephone
wires in the West and South were put out
of business for a time and all telegraph
‘wires around here were down, Inthe great
blizzard of 1888 telegraph wires were eerl-
ously hurt, but the long distance wires were
working.

The storm wrought havec with the wires
of the Pennsylvania Railroad and it was
difficult for the road to locate some of its
trains last night. All of the Western and
Southern trains were from one to two hours
late in arriving at Jerssy City.

Last night the road had no wires work-
ing west between Glen Loch, Pa., and
Pittsburg. All of the wins south of
Wilminggon, Del., were down. The worst
damage reported, it was said, was in the
Schuylkill Valley. There the wins of the
Postal Telegraph Company, which run near
the railroad wires, fell over them, putting
both services out of buainess.

The Black Diamond Express on the Le-
high Valley road was due at Jersey City
at 10 o'clock. She hadn't arrived there
at 11 o’clock and it was said at the de-
gpatchers' office that the road had been
without any information regarding the
train for hours. All that they knew was
was somewhere between

The Congressional Limited from Wash-
ington got in at 9:55, being only an hour

' Jate.

Trains from the West brought reports
of a fierce snowstorm § in Pennsylvania.
Six inches of snow were reported at Harris-

* burgh and at Altoona ten inches.

The Lackawanna could not get any in-
formation last night about trains west of
Dover, N. J., and had no way of finding

“ gut what was happening between there

and Buffalo.

One Buffalo train got in last night an
hour late. This time was lost between
Dover and Jersey City. The train at Dover
ran into a fierce snow and wind storm, which
seemed to be smashing so many telegraph
poles that the engineer decided to crawl
into Jersey City at a snail's pace. He said

|
|
|

he feared at any minute that he would |

run into a telegraph pole across the track.

The Erie was another road whose wires
to Buffalo were all down. No trains were
being delayed very much, although all re-
ported running into a heavy snow storm
weat of Boonton, N. J.

It was said at the Grand Centra] Station
that none of the through trains had ex-
perienced any difficulty on account of the
storm. Allof them were in before 10 0’clock.
The Albany locals due after that were
having trouble.'! The one due at 10:35 was
twenty-five minutes late, and the Boston
Express, due at 9:48, was thirty-five min-
utes behind time. The telegraph wires
between this city and Albany were working
all right, but there was trouble west of
Albany. A seven inch snowfall at Chatham,
on the Harlem division, was reported.

The Erie milk trains gotin more or less
late. They reported nine or ten inches of
snow up the line.

ON THE DELAWARE COAST.

 

|
|

The Gile the Most Terrific Experienced tn |

Years, Increasing in Fury at Night.

Lewes, Del., Nov. 13.—A terrific north- |

west gale raged at the Delaware Break-
water this afternoon, and to-night the gale
fs increasing in fury. The barometer
reading is the lowest but one in the past
twenty-five years, 28.64. No reports have
yet been received of disasters, but it is a
night of expectency among shipping men
and an awful night for life station men,

LAvReEL, Del., Nov. 13,—A blizaard like
snowstorm is raging to-night.
churches are all closed, no one venturing
out except from necessity.

CITY DOCK SHELTERS VAGRANTS.

Public Lodging House Too Small to Hold
Those Who Sought Refuge.
When the doors of the Municipal Lodging
House at Twenty-third street and First
avenue’ were opened at 5 o'clock yesterday

 

 

‘afternoon, a shivering crowd of men and

women waited for admittance.

Supt. Yorke ordered that all the un-
fortunates receive warm baths and as much
coffee as they could drink. When they
had been quartered he found that the lodg-
ing house, which accommodates 200 men-
and 50 women, was full.

The storm drove 100 more homeless
men to the lodging house in the evening,
end they were made snug at the Charities
Department at the foot of East Twenty-sixth

street,

The driving rain beat through the canvas
roof of the tuberculosis tent on the Bellevue
Hospital lawn to such an extent yesterday
morning that Supt. Rickard was obliged
to order the nine patients transferred to the
hospital consumptive ward.

A close watch was kept all day on
tent occupied by infants, adjoining
outdoor tuberculosis ward, but the
mova! of the babies was not necessary.

One of the large oak trees on the hos-

ital lawn, skirting the driveway, was
own down in the afternoon directly in
front of an ambulance. Driver John
Russel) managed to stop his horse just in
time to escape it.

Early in the evening the wind blew a
Madison street horse car, westbound, 200
feet past the Catherine street corner or #0,
the conductor said when the car didn't
stop to let off passengers.

At Broadway and Fourteenth street
the sidewalk was covered with dozens of
cigar boxes of all brands and with shattered
giaes, A strong ko. of wind had cleaned
out the show window of a cigar store,

the
the
Tre-

 

Snowstorm Up the State.

SanatToaa, Nov. 18.—The first genuine
snowstorm of the season struck this region
early this afternoon and is being continued,
with a heavy wind, this evening. The
temperature has averaged 32 degrees above
vero.

OYSTER BOAT CAPTAIN DROWNED.

Knocked Overboard by the Boom as His
Sloop Was Under Willlameburg Bridge.

One of the boats in the East River which
had a hard time in weathering the gale
yesterday was the 42 foot oyster sloop
Laura May, bound from Oyster Bay to the
Rahway River. Capt. Carl Giffus was
swept overboard and drowned. The Laura
May left Oyster Bay at 8 o'clock in the
morning. She hac on board besides the
captain only the mate, Fred Oldum of
Perth Amboy. It was late in the afternoon
when the sloop get down as far as the Wil-
liameburg Bridge, Capt. Giffus was at the
helm. A gust of wind swung the boom
around and it knocked Giffus overboard.
He had on oilskins and heavy boota, but
managed to keep afloat long enough to
shout to the mate. The mate launched a

wi, and, leaving the sicop to care for

erself, set out for the rescue. The cap-

tain went down before Oldum could get
to him. Meanwhile the sloop had been
carried toward the Brooklyn shore, directly
to her and towed her arsund vo West Wash
ow T aroun ’ vash-

ington Market. , 7 we wee

n

 

The |

|

steerer en

WATSON IS FOR A NEW PARTY

BRYAN POWERLESS IN THE OLD
ONE, HOWEVER WELL HE MEANS.

 

 

He Can't Drive Out the Plutocrats, They
Can't Drive Him Out, and All Either
Can Do Is te Defeat the Other—So
Come With Me, says Thomas E.

Thomas E. Watson, lately Populist can-
didate for President, gave out yesterday
a long statement about his political pro-
gramme, wherein he says:

My own plans for the future embrace
a complete organization of the peopie along
the lines of Jeffersonian democracy, the re-
establishment of reform nerseyes and
@ systematic propaganda of ersonian

rinciples, in order that in 1908 there shall
ye & party of genuine opposition to the
Republican party and its present policies.
If political history teaches anything it is
that old parties never accomplish any re-
form unless they are irresistib!y driven to
it by pressure from without. hope at
least to be of some use to Ay country in
aiding those who will apply that pressure.
It is immaterial to me who does the work
which the reformers want done, so that
the work itself is done.

1 have no faith whatever that reforms
will be accomplished by the Democratic
party. It is not only discredited in the
eyes of the people by a series of crushing
defeats, but it has been so vacillating in
ite course, it has changed its principles so
often, it has run from one extreme to an-
other so recently, it had such a magnificent
opportunity in 1892, to work out the re-
forms to which it stood pledged and it
made such a wretched use of that oppor-
tunity, that it cannot inspire the confi-
dence which leads to success.

Since 1892 the Democratic party has al-
most entirely boxed the compass in political
profession of faith. It haa been for pretty
mitch provything until this year, when it
stood for everything or nothing according
to the interpretation which the voter chose
to put upon ita ambiguous platform.

Mr. Bryan, while @ great Dermocrat, is
not the Democratic party. There are other
distinguished Democrats who are yet to

| be heard from, and they may not indorse

his Populist platform. There is John
Sharp Williams of Mississippi, there is
Senator Joseph W. Bailey of exas, there
ig Senator Ben Tillman of South Carolina,
there is Senator Morgan of Alabama, there
is Senator John W. Daniels of Virginia; in
fact, there are quite a number of distin-
guished Democrats who may claim the
right to put in a word before the next na-
tional Democratic platform is fixed. They
may not be willing to take, for instance,
Mr. Bryan's forty-seven different systems
of Government railroads; they may not. be
in favor of some other planks in his plat-
form. Be that as it may, Mr. Bryan has no

more right at (he present to say what the }

Democratic platform shall be in 1908 than
any other distinguished Democrat.
For the next four years the Democratic

creed must remain what the St. Louis con- |

vention of 1904 made it, and the machinery
of the party must remain in the hands of
the men who now hold it. The air still
rings with the elojuence with which Mr.
Bryan indorsed tho candidate of the St.
Louis convention, spoke of him as the Moses
of Democracy, spoke of Parker's ideals as
his own ideals and proclaimed the “sin-
cerity” with which he was advocating
both the platform and the nominee of 1904.
Mr. Bryan himself will remain for four

years as much bound by the action of the |

Xt. Louis convention as he was when he
made his whirlwind trip through Indiana.
If the action of the convention bound him
then, it binds him now. The election didn't
release him. He can only be released Ly
another national convention, and_ that
national convention will not meet till 1908;
therefore, when Mr. Bryan cuts loose from
a platform which he so recently asked the
ople to indorse in behalf of Judge Parker,
e takes a position which is that of Bryan
the individual and which cannot bind any
other Democrats whatsoever. For four
ears the Democratic gery, has got to stand
sy the action of the St. Louis convention,
whether they wish to do so or not. What
they did there is official and binding. Mr.
Bryan himself gave it-his sanction.

Again, Mr. bryan has no substantial,
reason for believing that he can ever get
the national Democratic party to adopt
the Populist programme which he has
just formulated. The Democratic party
never did do it and the pre uanon is that
it never will. The plutocratic element
has just as much power within the party
now as it had when the St. Louis convention
met. Indeed, ét has more. It has all the

machinery now which the Bryan men then |

had; it has the same control over the news-
papers which it then had; therefore, it is as
certain as anything can be that they will
be able to again defeat Mr. Uryan in the
national convention when he comes Lefore
it with his Populjst platform.

Sree. however, that he should be
victo

vention; can they bot knife him jusé as
successfully as they did in 1807? Is it not
absolutely certain that they are just as
much joined to their-idols now as they
were then? Will they not be as desperate
and as unscrupulous in knifing their own
ticket as they were in 1896?
ment based «n human nature says they
will, Then even if Mr. Bryan should win
the nomination on his Populist platform
in 1908, the plutocratic element in his own
party will bar his progress and compass his
defeat just as they did before, Again
suppose that the plutocratic element should
triumph over Mr. Bryan in 1908, as they did
in 1904, then what? Mr. Bryan will have to
submit just as he did submit in 1904, after

having declared publicty and_ positively |

that he would never support a gold standard
nominee of the Democratic party. Mr.
Bryan could not bolt in 1908. he time to
have done that was 1904. That opportunity
will not return, He himself has eet the
example of submitting to what was wrong,
because, although it was wrong, it was
regular,

n short, the Democratic party presenta
this hopeless situation. The Bryanites
cannot drive out the plutocratic element,
the plutocratio element cannot drive out
Mr. Bryan. ‘They exhaust their strength
with internal struggles, leaving the party
where its enemies can always defeat it
at the polls. There is this further weak-
ness in the programme of Mr. Bryan.
The plutocratic element has shown that it
can safely defy him and combat him al-
though he is the nominee, whereas he sub-
mits to them when they put up a plutocratic
nominee. From a party so hopelessly
divided, it is the rankest folly, in my judg-
ment, to expect any reforms. From year
to year it is a dreary go round and round
of one faction fighting another faction,
each of which alternately whips the other
and neither of which ever whips the enemy.

T should only be too glad to cooperate on
saralle! lines and honorable terms with any
Jeffersonian Democrat like Mr. Bryan or
Mr. Hearst or George Fred Williams to
accomplish a el ead which is common
to us all, but I believe that the best way to
assure the final success of the reform move-
ment is for us to build up a party of Jeffer-
sonian Democracy on solid foundations,
where unity of sentiment goes hand in
hand with unity of purpose, and where,
therefore, some hope of accomplishing that
which we wish to accomplish can be reasona-
= entertained,

n the South, there are peculiar reasons
why the present policy of the Democratic
leaders should Le defeated and a better
line of policy adopted. For the last twenty-
five or thirty years the Democratic machine
politicians have made that great section
a mere tool in the hands of Wall Street and
a handful of Eastern Democrats who have
no purpose in common with us and who
use the electoral vote of the solid South for
their own selfish purposes.

In nearly every Southern State there is
a contest to be waged against corporation
tyranny. By the time the next Presidential
election rolls around there is every reason
to believe that there will be a sufficient
sentiment and organization in favor of the
reform principles which are embodied in
the national platform of the People's party
to win success at the polle. ;

Am I discouraged? By no means. I
began with nothing, worked three months

and got half a million votes. The men
who followed me are men of conviction,
earnest, enthusiastic, united, Parker

started out with 7,000,000 votee and_ lost
some 2,000,000 in the campaign. Those
who followed him are demoralized and dis-
heartened, Discouragement? The Demo-
ina camp is the place where that is to be
ound,

ous over them in the national con- |

very argue |

  

MRS. DOWIE SERIOUSLY ILL.

All Noise Near Her Home Prohibited—Ne
Physicians Called.
Cuicaao, Noy. 13.—All Zion, from the
humblest factory worker up to John Alex-
| ander, the First Apostle of the Church,
is praying daily that the burden of serious
illness may be lifted from “Overseer Jane
Dowie." Only from the fact that the slight-
est noise is strictly prohibited in the streets
near her home and that even pedestrians
have been warne! to tread softly in passing
can the seriousness of her illness be gauged.

Emphatic denial was made to-day to
Persistent reports that she was suffering
from appendicitis and that Dr. Knight of
Waukegan and two specialists from Chi-
cago had been called in consultation. The
denial was made for John Alexander by
Judge V. V. Barnes, who, while admitting
that the general overseer of women was an
invalid, said positively that no medical
advice had been or would be taken. When
asked whether the patient's condition was
critical, he said:

*I do not think it is as bad as that. I
believe they are quite encourage with her
immediate improvement.”

Overseer Jane Dowie {s now in her fiftieth

| year.

POET OF THE BOWERY TOUCHED.

Rude Awakening of a Scotch Seeker After
Local Color.

That the epic of the Bowery remains un-
written is not the fault of William Milne, a
tall Scot who came to New York one week
ago from Edinburgh with a copy of Burns's

| poems in his pocket. His thirst for local
| color led him on Saturday night to a Bowery
concert hall, and his adventures there

 

| brought him on Sunday morning to the |

| Tombs police court.

| The poet's appearance in court was the
result of a policeman’s investigation. The
policeman, Glynn, of the Mulberry street
station, saw Milne and Joseph O'Neill in
affectionate embrace early on Sunday
morning and took them both to the station.

There Milne said that his companion had

taken $10 from him.

“It was this way,” Milne explained to

Magistrate Crane. “I came all the way
| over here to write an epic on this Bowery.
| It's the great human street of the worid
and I wanted to touch it upa Lit. When I
| was walking along there daturdey night a

poor, shivering creature asked me for the

price of a drink. He spoke the real Jan-
guage and I thought I recognized a country-
man.
my boy you won't starve
if I know it,’ I said, and I took him in and
| bought him a big dinner. Then J bought
| . come drinks and he took me to a concert
{ ;
| “ ‘Let's do the Highland fling,’ he said.
| “We did it, and then, the unfeeling man,
| he did me. He put his hand in my poci.et
| and robbed me of $10.”
The Magistrate held O'Neill in $1,000 for
tria) and committed Milne to the House of
| Detention as a witness.

“It was a great shock,” said the poet ns he
turned away. “Look at this. It's
epic I started to write.”

He drew a crumpled paper from his
pocket on which was written the following:
| You can sing of the Rigtes of old London town,

And the streets of Edinburgh, the city of renown,
| You oan travel all your life, every country up and

own,
| But you can't find a haven like the Bow-ery

“ ‘Come along

|
| It's the street where there's Ife and music and
charm,
Where the hearts of the boys beat true and wart,
It's the haven for the shipwrecked, the derelicts
of storm,
There's no
Bow ery

trouble can reach you on the

| The men there are comrades and the iris are
| chummy, too,

| The dances are iively, the songs are ever new,
The whiskey Is Scotch, the best of all the brew;

Id like to live and die on the Bow-ery

“I've got to change all that now,” sighed
the poet.

NURSES’ PHONE TO BE MOVED.

Not to Get Calls at Mills Training School
Any More.

Dissatisfied with the distribution of

work by the employees at the Mills Training

| School for male nurses, East Twenty-sixth

| street, the associated alumni of the insti-

 

week a clubhouse with a registration bu-
reau at which orders for nurses will be
booked,

| For years the graduate nurses have paid
| for a telephone at the school so that physi-
cians and patients could call up the insti-
tution and order that a nurse be sent. A
registration book has been kept at the

\

school, and the young men until recently |

rotation, Not many weeks ago, rumors

!

|

| supposed that they were notified in regular

began to circulate that the nurse at the

head of the list did not always get the call.
A special meeting of the association

was called, at which a committee of in-

vestigation was appointed, The com-

mittee declared that the charges were well

founded,

When the committee's report was ready
its framers bore the document to the school]
and presented the grievances to the super-
intendent, Mrs. Jane Delino; to her assist-

j ant, Dr. Lucy Bannister, and to the latter's
assistant, Arthur Little, who is himself a
graduate nurse. The committee wes heard

politely, but was not satisfied and obtained

a hearing before the board of managers,

headed by D. Ogden Mills. Again the
committee was politely received, but no
satisfactory solution of the trouble was
offered, except the idea that the nurses
could set up in business independently,
which they decided to do. The order to
move the telephone was given last week.
The clubhouses in the neighborhood
of the school, will havea number of rooms
for nurses who desire to noe there. One
of their number has been selected to act
as superintendent, and with his family
will live in the building. Anironclad regu-

Jation is to be enforced as to making the

assignments in exact order from the head
of the list down, whether the calls come by

wire, mail or message, except where a
particular nurse is designated by name in
the call. The alumni have more than 150
men in their association. Hurry calls
for the men are frequently received from
the cities of the East and from as far west
| as Chicago.

J. A. BIDWELL ARRESTED.

Accused of Carrying Out a Plot to De-
fraud a Bank of 81,000.

Mounr Houry, N. J., Nov. 13.—John A.
Bidwell, president and treasurer of the
Standard Hicks Hammock Company, was
arrested last night and placed under $1,000
bail by Justice Laumaster ‘for his appear-
ance at the January term of court.

The oa. was sworn to by Frederick
N. Lee, cashier of the Mount Holly National
Bank, and it charges that on Aug. 20 Bid-
well rrowed from the bank $1,000 col-
lateral security, for which be gaye assigned
book accounts against the Hoffman Carr
Manufacturing Company and EF, A. Run-
nella of New York city, amounting to $1,200;
that the accounts were not due and that

| the transaction was a plan to cheat and de-
fraud the bank.

Mr. Bidwell says his innocence will be
established at the trial.

COMPLAINS OF PENNA, TUNNEL.

Unions Hear That Boy Mule Drivers at 50
Cents a Day Are Employed tn It.

James McConville of the Safety Engi-
neers' Union told the Central Federated
Union yesterday that boy mule drivers
were employed in the Pennsylvania tunnel
under the East Hiver at fifty cents a day,
and asked the union to do something about
it, threatening that if conditions were not
improved before next election, the unions
would treat Tammany as they say they did at
the last election. It was resolved to write
to Mayor McClellan, the Factory Inspection
Department and Borough President Cassid
of Queens to ask for an investigation.

 

 

the |

tution will open in the early part of this |

Se Scere acne oscar aa

RESERVED SEATS -

MAKING ANEW BUILDING FIGHT

UNIONS PREPARING FOR A BIG
ONE IN THE SPRING.

 

 

 

Make-up of the New Organization to Re-
place Weinselmer'’s Feeble Alllance
—Referendum Vote Before Complet-
Ing It—Marble Now Replacing Tiles.

The unions which have started the move-
ment for a new Board of building trades,
to taka the place of Phil Weinseimer’s or-
ganization, the Building Trades Alliance,
are bending their best efforts to get a strong
body built up before Jan. 1, so that in case
the building fight is renewed in the spring
the new body will be ready for it.
now is, if the unions are forced into ac-
| ceptance of the arbitration agreement, to
have a strik in the spring, in which all the
unions in the building trades will join.

The committee on plan and scope of the
| new body submitted a report yesterday at a
| meeting* of representatives of the unions
| The organizations represented included the

Tile Layers, Tile Layers’ Helpers, Painters
j and Decorators, Steam Fitters, Plasterers,
| Carpenters, Double Drum Hoisters, House
| Shorers, Sheet Metal Workers, Hoisting
; Lngineers, Water Proof Workere, Electrical

Workers, Plumbefs, Lathers, Asphalt
| Laborers, Metallic Lathera, Marble Cutters’
| Helpers and Plasterers’ Laborers. Sev-
|
|
1

eral unions were represented unofficially

by delegates who came for information

without committing themselves to the plan.

Theee ipcluded the Elevator Constructors,

the Housesmiths and the Bricklayers.

A referendum vote will be taken by the

union on the report. This declares against

| dual unions and does not deny that the new

central body will be on similar lines to
| the old Board of Building Trades.

| The secretary of the committee is R. D.
Tompkins. He eaid last evening:

*It is proposed that the new body shall
consist of five representatives from each
building trade, who shall meet at least once
| a week, It will be ready for business on
|

 

Jan. 1. It is not necessarily a fighting
body but will represent all the unions,
skilled as well as unskilled, in the building

trades. It does not intend to interfere
| with any agreements existing at present
between bona fide unions and employers,

but as the employers are all organizing
throughout the country, the only way to
secure tranquillity in the building trades,
is to follow the example of the employers
and organize central bodies. Strikes with
us will be regarded as afmeans of last resort.
We expect to have a compact body repre-
senting 140,000 members before Jan. 1.
The Tile Layers’ Union, which is the
strongest of the locked out organizations,
began to take new measures last week
against the Tile, Grate and Mantel aeons.
that

 

tion, The union reported yesterday
| its members are working hand in hand
with independent contractors who find

ic hard to get tiles to this city, the locked
| out men acting as their agents. The union
reported also that individuals in the em-
ployers association had offered them an
advance in wages of 50 cents a day if they
would only change, the name of their union
or join the new union, but that they had
refused to do so.

In some of the large buildings held u
by the lockout of the tile layers, marble
has been employed instead of tiles for bath-
rooms. This was done at a large hotel
at Fifty-fifth street and Fifth avenue, and
at the Hotel Breslin.

A committee has been appointed by the
Brotherhood of Carpenters to stop carpen-
ters’ work on the contracts of the V. J.
Hedden & Sons Company in this city and
in Newark. The largest contract of the
company is at 188th street and Amsterdam
avenue, where buildings covering four
blocks are ready for the carpenter work.
A general strike has been ordered at the
Woman's Hospital, 110th street and Co-
lumbus avenue. against the employment
of members of the new Plumbers’ Union.

AFRAID TO EAT UNION LABELS.

Women Won't Have ‘Em on Bread, How-
ever Stanch Their Untonism.

The bakers’ unions and some of their
bosses have reached a deadlock on the
question of putting the union label on
loaves. The bosses are willing to pay
union wages and grant the ten hour day,
but they eay that their customers draw
the line ‘at buying loaves with union labels
pasted on them.

Delegate James McCabe, reporting to the
Central Federated Union yesterday, said
it would be pretty hard to get the union
label on bread. The employers had told
McCabe's committee so.

“No matter how strong a woman may
be on the question of unionism,” continued
MeCabe, cabs balks when it comes to buy-
ing a loaf with a union label stuck on te
The women, you know, are very particular,”

“That's 80," said @ marricd del gate,
s»aking his head.

“The bcas bakers,” continued McCabe,
“told us they had tried it but they couldn't
«t the women to take kindly to the union
abel. You se e they are afraid that some
they might eat the label.” .

e delegates of the Bakers’ Union said
they couldnt sce anything in the women's
objection to union label bread, MeCabe
rcplied that they objected, all the same.

fe was decided jo ask for a conference
with the bose bakers.

 

 

New Itallan Soprano Here for Opera.

Mme. de Macchi, an Italian dramatic
soprano, who has never before been heard
in this country, arrived here yesterday on
the Prinzeas Irene to join the Conried opera
company. She will er as Leonora
in “I) Trovatore,” in zia Borgia,”
“Gioconda” and other dramatic operas
of the Italian répertoire.

cc etic EE

CHO

The plan | ?. nt
_ Foot” is the shoe.

          

G. C. Ashton Jonson

of London,
Author of “A Handbook to Chopin's Works.”

The Ledure will be illustrated by eleven selections
from the works of the great composer rendered on the Pia- |
nola and the Aeolian Pipe Organ.

 

  

|
1

|
|
|
|

cl eileen at er

AEOLIAN
LECTURE ON |

PIN

y

|

At Aeolian Hall |
362 FIFTH AVENUE, NEAR 34TH STREET
Thursday, Nov. 17, at 8:15 P. M. |

ONE DOLLAR |

On sale at AEOLIAN HALL and
DITSON & CO., 867 Broadway.

 

 

When soft snowflakes fly and
you want your feet dry—*Dry |

Waterproofed through and |
through, and a good looker too;

it's a good thing to try.

Guaranteed,

$5.

Rocrrs, Pert & Company.
238 Broadway, cor. Warren. !

op, te City Hall.

&42 Broadway, cor. 18th,
and 140 to 148 4th Ave

1260 Broadway, cor. 32d,
and b4 West 83d St

We fill orders |
by mail.

 

 

 

 

—_—— |

MEDIUM IGNORES CHALLENGE,

'
PASTOR MAY S&S. PEPPER GOES |
AHEAD CALLING SPIRITS,

 

 

And Doesn't Undertake to Prove That It's
Not Telepathy—Advice on Marriage
and Patcnts, Witth some Help fora.
Writer—Mr. Van Cott'’s Name Used.

Pastor May S. Pepper of the First Spirit-
ualist Church, Brooklyn, has not accepted
the gage thrown down to her by Mr. Davis,
who offered to prove that her demonstra-
tions are not due to spirits, but to tel-
epathy. Inspite of the storm, a big congre-
gation gathered last night to learn if tel-
epathy and spiritualism had finally been
matched, and if so what was the weight,
ringside. They were disappointed. Mrs.
Pepper took no notice of the challenge, and
Mr. Davis will have to meet some one in
his class,

As a climax to the evening's entertain-
ment, however, Mrs. Pepper introduced
the spirit of the late Postrnaster Van Cott.
He sent word to a friend in the audience
that they were doing right about his prop-
erty and wanted the boys told to go ahead
as they're doing now,

The congregation—in her forgetful mo-
men‘s Mrs. Pepper called them the“ audience”
—sent up a@ great batch of sealed letters
for Mrs. Pepper to read without opening
and,return answers from the spirits. Be- |
fore she started, Mrs, Pepper made an an-
nounucement.

“Owing to hostile newspaper criticism,” |
she said, “I'd like to ask any reporters
present to come and sit on the platform
and see if there is any collusion between
me and the audience.”

She waited, but no one came,

“Well, then,” said Mrs. Pepper. “Let
them stop pret I warn them that
after this these meetings will be conducted |
in a strictly religious manner. This was |
their last chance. ”

Then she proceeded to communicate with
the epirit of “Father” for a young widow in
the congregelion. *Father” told the widow
not to be rash about making a change
until after Christmas, About Christmas,
he said, the widow would have an offer
which would involve a change of residence
and which she'd acco if she knew what
was goodforher. “Father” was sure she'd
get the offer, because he was working on
somebody's mind.

“] suppose you know what the offer is,
dear?” said the mediurn.

The widow acknowledged softly that
she guessed she understood and the con-
aTegecon laughed most irreverently.

There were two spirits which gave Mrs.
Pepper the dickens of a time last night.
Grandpa Rice was talking to James, telling
him what was the matter with his new jn-
vention, but James's other grandpa would |
keep butting in. Mrs. Pepper would sweep
her arm through the air and swat the other
grandpa on his imaginary head, Lut he
was persistent. He finally edged in long |
enough to tell James that he should Leware
of a man from Pitts)urg.

An authoreas with soulful eyes got $5
worth of mexiical advice and an eq value
in literary criticism free. The deceased
family doctor prescribed an emulsion of
cod liver oil, and “Julian,” told her not to
be in any hurry about thet magazine arti- |
cle. If she wrote slow enough, Julian
said, he'd give her greater and grander
thoughts than she ever had before. He
further guaranteed that the article would
be acoepted. He didn't even ask the cus-

|

|
|

tomary 10 per cent. commission. Julian
Wan G rough house spirit. He kept jump-
ing up and down in front of Mra. Pepper
and insisted on standing with his hand on
the atithoress's shoulder.

Finally, Mre, Pepper paralyzed a sceptic.

“You don't take much stock in spiritual-
ism, do you?” she said to the man who |
acknowledged writing a letter which she
was twirling in ber fingera.

“No, ma'am!"

“No, I know you don't. The spirit told
me so. You've put just a lot of figures |
and accounts in this letter. There are a/
lot of dates which run from Oct.1 to Nov. 1. ,
os cent to give this letter to a disinter-
ested party, and he'll open it and tell me
if | speak the truth." *

The disinterested party opened the letter
and read off the dates just the way Mrs.
Pepper described them.

{

 

}

For the Library

In no department of Furniture Making has
such progress been made in recent years as in the
building of Library Furniture.

We show an extensive variety
|Settles, Couches, Davenports, London Club Chairs,
| Turkish and other Lounging Chairs, Colonial Book-
‘cases and Tables, Colonial, French and English
Ladies’ Desks and Writing Tables, and a variety

of ‘odd pieces. Some

of the best contemporary
from noted Antiques.

of Divans,

are direct importations,

‘others are built ‘‘Flint Quality,’’ from the designs

artists, or are reproduced

Library Chairs are priced from $6.90 to $40.00 fora

Mahogany Desk Chair.

Divans, Settees, Couches, etc., range in price from

$7.50 to $289.00.

_ Leather, Tapestry and Velour Upholstered Turkish,
S165. and American Lounging Chairs vary in price from

50 to $93.00.

Ladies’ Desks in Mahogany, Circassian Walnut and

Vernis-Martin at $8.50 to $17

Bookcases in the various finishes of Oak, Mahogany,

Old English Brown and Inlaid Woods from $5.75 to $1 >

GEO. C. FLINT Co.

WEST 23% STREET

PIs

\!
|

|

B. Altman & (

 

 

DRESSMAKING DEP'’T. (THIRD FLOOR)

ORDERS TAKEN FOR

THEATRE GOWNS AFTER THE MODELS NOW IN
FAVOR IN PARIS. ALSO FOR WRAPS, TAILOR-

MARKED REDUCTIONS HAVE BEEN MADE IN THE

MADE SUITS AND RIDING HABITS. |
|

PRICES OF A NUMBER
PARIS MODELS.
i 7

nw

 

 

eS

BISHOP QUIZZED ABOUT RUM.

COOPER UNION WANTS TO KNOW
ABOUT THE SUBWAY TAVERN.

 

 

Why Encourage the Sale of Intoxicants?
One Pointed Questien—Dr.
Says He Wanted to Have a Tivoli
Garden Here—Talks of Form and Effect

Bishop Potter spoke before the People’s
Institute in Cooper Union last night on
“Form and Effect." It was the opening
night of the season at the institute and

there was a large attendance in spite of |

the storm,

When introduced by Director Charles |

Sprague Smith, the Bishop said:
“I wrote to your director last summer

promising to address this meeting and |
gave as my subject ‘Form and Effect.’ |

Imagine then mr surprise when I found
in the printed notice that I was to speak
on the ‘Frame and the Fact.’ I suppose
that I am fortunate that it was not ‘Froth
and Effect.’ ”

The audience evidently took this as a
reference to the criticisms on the Subway
Tavern, and applauded loudly.

Bishop Potter's talk had to do with the
effect of a republican form of government
on the people. He argued strongly for a
truer democracy and a more thoughtful
use of the ballot:

“I am tired,” he said, ‘of hearing people
say, ‘what a wonderful election!’ They
mean that it is wonderful that a large
minority of our people accept £0 easily

every four years a result contrary to their
wishes. It may be wonderful, but it re-
minds me of a story. —

“A woman going to hear a famous Scotch
preacher arrived late and met a man comin
out of the church. ‘Is the service over?’
she asked. ‘Yes,’ answered the man.

the Scotchman, ‘it's said, but it’s na done.’
“It remains with all of us to determine

what is to be done about the sermon of our |

Constitution.”

The Bishop suggested that there ought
to be some form of examination for young
men ebout to cast their frst vote, al ey -
amination which would determine their
fitneas. He took up the subject of ein
industrial conditions and pointed out the
dangers arising from the growing distance
between employer and employee

The Bishop mace a strong plea for a
true Lrothert.ood of man. Ee ended with
an appeal for a higher erase of the
august responsibility of caring for and
preserving a noble republic.

After the address the audience was in-
vited to ask questions, Several persons
accepted the invitation. The first ques-
tion was why he encouraged a place like
the Subway Tavern where intoxicants
were sold, if he wished to increase the
happiness of ‘the home, The Bishop re-
plied that he had hoped to bring about
conditions similar to those in the Tivoli
Gardens in Copenhagen, where families
gether to drink and chat in a place that
s entirely respectable.

“But,” he added, “I fear that New York
is slow to grasp the idea.”

Several of the questions concerned the
Subway Tavern, and it began to look as
though an enterprising press agent had
been at work among the audience. The

Bishop met all the questions skilfully and |

seemed unruffied even by the most pointed,

 

Fatally Stricken in the Street.

William Wolff, 75 years of age, a retired
business man of 870 St. Nicholas avenue,
died from a estroke of apoplexy while walk-

along Central Park West near Eighty-
fifth street early yesterday morning.

 

 

Nineteenth Street and Sixth

— es

Potter |

‘And
is the sermon done?’ min pereieven: ‘Na,’ said |

|
EVENING, DINNER AND |
OF GOWNS, INCLUDING

 

Aveme, New York.

 

 
  

| AMBULANCE FAKER JAILED.

Woman Who Pretends to Be Paralyzed
Sent to the Workhouse.
Flizabeth Gonst, a middle aged vidow
who has been named “Feking Lizzie” by
the police, was in the Yoik ville polices court

duct. Dr. McDuffy, ambulanos surgaon of
| Flower Hoeryial, was in court a: con-
plainant.

She was found lying on the sidewa'k
at First avenue and Fifty-sixth etree:
| late on Saturday nizht by Policaman
| McLean of the «ast Fifty-first strect sta-
| tion.
“Why don't you get up?” ho ack hor.
| “I can't. I'm paralyzed in mo legs,*
she replied.

The policeman called upon a passer by
to heip him carry her into the nearast
' shelter, which happened to b> an under-
taking establishment. Then he sent for
| es pepe am Ae Hospital. Whea
| Dr. Me took a 8
exclaimed: x Sree vue ogee

“Fooled again!
nonsense, Lizzie?

“Isn't she paralyzed?” a-k»d the police-
ee Bhe's just full

“She's just full enough to be ralyzed
until morning, and then she'll echer Op.
the surgeon esid. He added that the
ambulance had been called out twica before
last weck for her banefit.

“The embulance will have a rest for a

while,” sail] Magistrate Moas as he com-

mitted her to the workhouse

When will you stop your

 

 

DIED.
BLAUVELT.—Suddenly, on Nov. 18, 1994, Charles
i Blauvelt, in the Oth year of his age.
Funeral services at his late residence, 6:8 West
143th st., on Tuesday evening, Nov. 15, at 799
o'clock. Relatives and friends are invited
HALL.—-Nov. 9, 1994, suddenly, at Lawrence, L. 1.

Alice Reynolds, wife of Henry J. S. Hall of 51 °

| Riverside Drive, New York.
Funeral service Monday, Nov. 14, 2
Trinity Church, Elmira, N, Y.
| HEYDENREICH.—On Nov. 10, 1904, after a ling+r-
| , ing tilness, Caroline West Lent, wife of Ermiit
!
|
'

P. M., in

Heydenretch.

Funeral) services at her late residence, 1183 Dean

St, Brooklyn, on Monday, Nov. 14, at11 A.M.

ICHIMURA,—On Friday, Nov, 11, at the Presby-
terlan Hospital, the Rev. Takems Ichimura of
Kochi, Japan, & graduate student in the Union
Theological Seminary.

The funeral service will be held in the Adams
chapel of the Union Theological Seminary,
700 Park avenue, on Monday evening, Nov. 14
at B15 o'clock. The interment will be in Green
Wood Cemetery in the burial lot of the Firs:
Presbyterian Church of Brooklyn.

MOPFETT.—Suddenly, on the 12th Inst., the Rev
GH. Moffett, rector of St. Clement's Churct
Philadeipbia, Pa.

Puneral services at St. Clement's Church, oo
Wednesday, the 16th inst., at 10 o'clock A. M
Interment private.

NPBLE —On Nov. 12, 1904, Paton Noble, aged 5+
years, at bis residence, 182 12th st.. Long

Island City.
Funeral private. Notice of Interment later
Kindly omit flowers.
RENDALL.--Suddenly, on Nov. 12, 1004, Fann!

Ward, wife of the late Samuel Jackson
Randall, and daughter of Gen, Aaron Ward of
Ossining, N. Y.
ineral services in Trinity Presbyterian Churc!
Gravers lane, Chestnut Hill, Philadelphia, Pa
on Tuesday, the 18th Inst., at 2 o'clock P. M
Interment private, Kindly omit fowers
MAS.--On Nov. 12, 1004, at his residence, «%
Jancock st. Brooklyn, Henry A. Thomas
eloved hurt od of Josephine Thomas
| Funeral services on Monday, Nov. 14, at * 9)
P M.. athis residence, Interment private

TH

 

 

| CZEMETSRIRS.
Rem Olan nnn SOON meen mn men nt
| Great Pinelawn Cemetery. Write or call for
ilustrated pamphiet. 4 W. Sth St., N. Y.

 

hey

 

yasterday on a charge of disorderly cone ¢