THE

ss

 
 

6 ee ee es pee
POE cee

Pete ek ¥

eee CL hey we 3
Png oe oa
+

SUN.. MONDAY, NOVEMBER. 14, 1904.

 

 

HOP SMITH’S VENETIAN SNBAK

HF GOT TO ITALY IN THE MID-
DLE OF THE GREAT STRIKE,

 

 

Heiped the Army and a Big Dog Stand of
the Mob—Dodging Along the Canals to
Get Where to Lay His Head—Freneh
and German People on Japan's Side.

fF Hopkinson Smith is back from his
twenty-third summer in,Venice. This sum-~
something a bit out of the ordinary

al He was mixed up with

happened to him. |
the big general strike in Italy, and for a time |
it looked as though the strike were going to
mixup with him, His adventures included
a thrilling midnight sneak along the canals
of Venice and many hardships of war.

From what I saw in the home news- |
papers,” said Mr. Smith yesterday, “I take
it that the American people haven't any |
idea how big that strike was and how grave |
was the situation for a while. When I |
started for Italy I didn't think much about
the strike. My eyes were opened when I
landed in Milan about 8 o'clock one evening.

“T)e station was almost deserted. I
wanted to go to the Hotel de Ville, a mile
and a half away. There wasn't a con-
yeyance in sight. They told me that I}
couldn't get one on account of the strike. |
I tried to get at least a porter or a boy to
carry our luggage. Another impossibility—
the strike again. I looked up and saw the
electric sign of a hotel about a block away.
So Mrs. Smith and I loaded ourselves down
with bags, and started.

“I stepped out into the street before the
[ thought I'd run into the whole
A squadron of cavalry was
Off to one side
Infantrymen
An Officer let

hotel.
Italian Army.
lined up before the hotel.
] saw a battery of artillery.
were patrolling everywhere.
me through the cavalry.
“Lasked the clerk fora room on the ground
floor. He said:
“‘T'd rather put you on the second floor.
You see, when they begin shooting, it will
be leas dangerous there, on account of the
angle of fire.’ Cheerful, wasn't it?
However, while we were at dinner,’
the proprietor told us that the strike was
settled, The Government had given in
and agreed never again to use troops in
suppressing a strike. The cavalry drew
of. All that night we heard the mob
singing and yelling in celebration, We
thought it was all over.
“When I looked out in the morning
there were the troops again, only more
of them. They had made a square about
the railroad station. The report of a
settlement was a Government ruse. They
had been playing for time to bring up more
troops in order to hold that station.
“A little before noon the report came
that the mob was gathering for a charge.
* ‘When's the next train toward Venice?
J asked.
“In five minutes,’ said the clerk.
“*That's my train,’ said I. Away we
went toward Venice. At Padua we saw
nore troops
“When we reached Mestre they told us
that wecouldn't get into Venice that night,
because the station was in the hande of the
mob. Mestre, you know, is the station
on the mainland before you cross over into
the islands of Venice. Jt was dark by that
time, we hacn't had any luncheon and we .
were frightfully hungry. All that I could
raise to eat wasa loaf of bread and a bologna
sausage, and I had to hustle to get that.
We sat on our bags and dined.
“About 11 o'clock they announced that
they were going to run a train through
under guard.and we decided to take chances,
When it was too late to back out I found
/that the front and rear coaches of the
‘train were filled with troops. It scared
me a little, because I know what mobs
sometimes do to trains carrying troops.
You may believe that 1 was relieved when |
I looked out and saw, under the lights of
the Venice station, the plumed hats of
Ita ian Regulars.

“l left Mre. Smith in the station and went |
out the back way to reconnoitre in the
direction of the iron bridge.

“There were 500 infantrymen at charge
bayonets, holding back thousands of
acreaming, singing, roaring maniacs. It
looked as though the tension would break
and shooting begin at any moment.

“I went back to the station. There were
thirty passengers, ajl in the same fix. Two
young men took their bags and tried to
make their way out, In twenty minutes
they came back on the run. hev were
oovere i with mud and bruises, their clothes
were torn, and they had only one bag be-
tween them. The others had been thrown
into the canal,

“I had wired from Mestre to the Hotel
Britannia, where [ intended to put up, ask- |
ing them to hunt up my gondolier, Luigi.
He's been my man for twelve years. He's |
6 feet 2, all muscle and afraid of noth- |!

 

ing. I asked them to have him bring up |
his gondola to the Venice station. I knew |
he'd do it if it could be done, To make

assurance doubly sure, I paid a station
porter at Venice 10 francs to make his way
through the mob and hunt for Luigi. Then
I learned that the telephone was Oe ng.
T called up the hotel. Young Rudolph,
son of the proprietor, answered. He said
that he'd come down with his own gondolier ,
in a little skiff. :

*In half an hour Rudolph came into the |
station

“'Follow me quietly,’ he said. ‘Don't |
amoke and don't make any noise. The
skiT's there under the wall.’

“It was a regular romantic, medieval
Venetian sneak that we made. The mob
was roaring, and it seemed as though shoot-
ing were near again,

“The descent into the boat wa very
hard and dark and [ was afraid that Mrs.
Smith couldn't make it. To light her way
I struck a match and held it inside of my
hat. Even that was a risk.

“The gondolier was an expert. He took
us through the canals silently and never
bumped into anything once, although it
was pitch dark, Twice we sighted the
nob. The second time they were spilling
over a bridge under which we had edt psd
We had to back in among some gondolas
and wait until some new madness drew
them away from that bridge. I1m_ not
exaggerating to say that I was glad to
reach the hotel.

The first person I saw in the mornin
was Luigi Mera got the message an
looked for me all night. He had with him
“nother old gondolier of mine.

“About that time the war came our way.
l heard a big rumpus and a maid told me
that the strikers had charged the hotel and
Were pulling waiters and cooks off their
ots Jt sesmed to me that my place was
onthe firing line, I went down to the lobby.
There stood young Rudolph, flanked by
ligi and my other gondolier, With therm
was Rudolph's hound, a big, faithful Great

ric Rudolph was arguing with a leader
of the mob,

“Not s) much in anger ae by way of
finplass, the leader laid his hand on
Kudely h's s.oulder. Ina second the hound
had the Italian by the throat; knocked him
flat. The dog would have torn him to
bie +s if we hadn't pulled him away. That
fe thd the mob. wey quit right there,
but they took away mcst of the waiters.

_ “For forty-eight hours the hotel was lit
Dv candi s because the strikers bad turned
the ges. We kad no milk in all that
‘ime, and the hotel sapplied itself entirely
from the storeroom. For  forty-cieht
‘ours vou couldn't buy even a fig in Venice,
eoulun’t s nd a letter, couldn't get a tele-
Phone connection, Every scp was clesed,
‘nd aoress its door wes a placard of the
Strikers’ ‘committee of sifety’ snes

|

‘rat tlow had ordered business « ispendec
Anarc! istic placards were everywhere.

On the third day, a ‘committee of safety’ |
Man appeared at the hotel and put up a |
placara It announce! that, the strikers
‘a\ing won their cau-e, business would te
resumed. There was a regular schedule |
" the resumption of industry. Milk |

0

"ight be sold at 7, telephone connections
Mave at 8, and ko forth.
‘Seat Gay you wouldn't have known that |

| Declines Invitation

anything had hap; . But the mer-
chants and the geaeliore weremad! They
announced that they’d wipe out the next
strike themselves, nf :

“Right there, the Government, which
had been acting strictly on the defensive,
took a hand. They'd’ had the strikers

shadowed by detectives. Forty or fifty |

leaders, in Venice alone, were arrested at
once. Their trials lasted an hour. They
all got terms. varying from six months to
two years. Most of the leaders were under
25 years old, and most of the rioters were
young fellows of eighteen or twenty.”

Mr. Smith comes back from’ Euro
filled with zeal for the Japanese cause. He
says that Japan is certain to win.

“The American people are greatly mis-
taken if they think that continental Euro
sympathizes with Rugsia,” he said. “The
German and

The Parisian cabmen, barbers, boulevardiers,
professional men—all are heart and soul
with the Japanese. So are the Germans,
80 far as I saw them this summer.

I saw a little piece of Japanese work
in a French wales place. A big Jap-
anese, the biggest ever saw—he must
have been 6 feet 1--came into the hotel.
He had every air of high breeding. I cul-
tivated him, got him to talking. at very
day I received the newspaper which told
how Togo had smashed the Czarevitch. I
gave him the news.

I am delighted,' he said, ‘but not sur-
Prev
* Why aren't you in Japan?’ said I.
Because,’ he said, ‘I am of more use to
my Government where I am.’

I didn’t like to ask him just what he
van doing, but he volunteered it. He

* ‘Tam a valet to those two old American
Jadies.’

“He told me more after a while. He had
worked for his education as a servant in
San Francisco. Then he'd gone to Balti-
more and served several years with the
two old ladies, who are vety rich and have
& private yacht. And he expects to grad-
uate from Johns Hopkins next spring.
You can easily see just how, in his position,
he can be of greater use than he would be
on the firing line.

“Do you know that after this war we'll
have to revise our annals of bravery?
Thermopyl and the Alamo are nothing
to what those little brown fellows do every
day. Talk of Hobson at Santiago, and then
consider a little Jap going into Port Arthur
on the mast of a to io boat, with all
the batteries turned on him, swinging a
light until he’s shot down, all so that his
comrades may see how to follow him into
that hell! Yes,

in with 1904. Think of the Japanese
sailors going without their saké for a day
in mourning for the death of their enemy,
Gen. Makaroff. There's a fineness of feel-
ing in them, a courtesy which we can't
understand.”

Mr. Smith heard of Roosevelt's election
by wireleas when the Lucania was 600 miles
outfromCapeCod. Hesecured the message
and is going to send it to the President.

“It is no accident that the rulers of Europe
have set a precedent by telegraphing con-
gratulations to President Roosevelt,” he
said. “One has to live in Europe a part of
every year, af I do, to understand the
growing European respect for the domi-
nance of this country in international af-
faire. I saw it begin. It was in the summer
of the Spanish war. When we smashed
Cervera's fleet in twenty-two minutes or 80,
when Clark brought the Oregon clear
around the Horn in record time, stopped at
Key West for a bushel of potatoes, and
Proceeded to wipe out the Colon—when all
these things happened, they took notice
very suddenly. They'd heard that the
United States had unlimited resources, that
the country might be dangerous some day,
but these things drove it home, They saw
that we had 75,000,000 thinking people,
that we could build as many Oregons as we
wanted, and that we could sail and fight
them to the notch.

“Now, they don't know the personal side
of Roosevelt as his friends know it, as
to a lesser degree the American people
know it. To them he stands for strenu-
osity—pardon me for using the word—for
expansion, for a mix-up in the world’s af-
fairs. And here and now nearly three-
quarters of the American people indorse
him! It makes Europe stop and think.
The more they think, the more they’re
impressed.”

 

WON'T BE THERE,

ODELL

 

to Senator Platt's

Buckwheat Breakfast.

It became known yesterday that Gov.
Odell had declined the invitation sent to
him by Senator Platt to be one of the guests
at the buckwheat breakfast which the
Senator is to give at Owego to-morrow
morning to the State officers and newly
elected members of the Legislature.

The Governor-Chairman's excuse is that
he has a previous engagement. He ex-

pects to be in Albany to-day and back |

in Newburgh to-morrow, the day of the

| breakfast.
The Governor-Chairman's declination is |

the only one Senator Platt

about
received.
worried, he says, over the problem of how
to take care of all his guests, as practically
all but the Governor-Chairman have ac-
cepted. The guests will include all of the
State officers, and more than 125 Republican
members of the Legislature which is to
meet on Jan. 1 and is to elect a United
States Senator to succeed Senator Depew.

Although Senator Platt has announced
that the gathering is to rejoice in the Roose,
velt victory, wise ones say that the bringing
together of all the new legislators means
that the Senatorship will be discussed, if
only informally, and Gov. Odell's absence
is looked upon by some as significant.
Senator Depew is to be a guest. rank 8.
Black, who has been mentioned to succeed
Depew, has also been invited, but it is not
known whether he has accepted or not.
Most of the guests from hereabouts will
leave to-night for the breakfast.

INSANE WARD'S BUSY DAY.

Bellevue Gets 15 Cases—One Says That
He Stadied to Sham Disease.

* Ten men and five women were admitted

to the Bellevue Hospital peychopathic

ward yesterday, the highest day's record

in the history of the hospital. The number

of patients has been less than usual of late.

Among the number was Oliver Toulett,
58 years old, of 307 East Forty-eighth street.
Toulett walked into the East Fifty-first
street station and told the sergeant that
he wanted to be sent to Bellevue because
his wife had intimated that he was insane.

Another patient was Meyer G,. Cohen
of 441 West Fifty-seventh street, brought
to the hospital by Dr. A. J. Farrell of 406
West Fifty-first street. Cohen told the
doctora that he had been studying books
on insanity for ten years in order to be able
to show the symptoms,

“I wanted to convince my wife that I
was insane so that she would sympathize
with me and give me more attention than
' might get if I were well,” he said.

He was put in the psychopathic ward
where it was said that if he wasn't insane
ten years ago, he apparently had developed
a case of paresis now.

nas

 

 

The Weather. ‘

The storm noted Saturday On the east coast of
Plorida moved northeastward into the middle
Atlantic coast yesterday, with increasing force,
and near New York city In the early evening
joined the storm from the Lakes, The barometer
dropped at & P. M. to 28.68. The winds were high

northeast through the day, all Along the coast north |

of the Carolinas and blew offshore south of Georgia;
Heavy rain fell on the south Atlantic coast and
rain, sleet and some snow in the middie Atlantic
States and New England, The storm will be severe
for a considerable distance off the coast.

West of the Alieghanies the weather was generally |

fair and colder. Freezing temperatures extended
over all the West and the cold will spread east be-
hind the storm, with high northwest winds.

In this city the day was rainy, with sleet and
snow; wind high northeast; average humidity 87
p*r cent.; barometer, corrected to read to sea leve),
OLR A. M., 20.00: 3 P, M., 2.10.

The temperature yesterday, as recorded by th
official thermometer, is shown In the annexed table:
1903

1904, 1903 1904.
A.M... ai 46°; 6PM as° ue
12M....... 41° 6s", OP. M a» &2°
sP.M.. a 66° 12 Mid 6° nw

Lowest temperature, 36°.

French Governments may, |
but not the German and French, people. |

the annals of bravery -

In fact, Senator Platt is a trifie |

"| The ordinary bank deals
merely with the living man,
but the trust company takes
charge of his estate after he
is gone, and sees that his
wishes are carried out.

qt assumes all care

and responsibility,

and by methodical sys-

tem renders judicious

service.

THE EQUITABLE TRUST CO.
OF NEW YORK.

CAPITAL, $3,000,000 EQUITABLE BLOG,
16 NASSAU S¥.

| SURPLUS, 9,000,000

 

 

HIS THEFT CAUSED ARREST OF
ELOPING COUPLE.

 

Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Chased From Colorado
to Philadelphia by the Girl’s Angry
Mother—Diamond Necklace Missing
Found Later With Dead Monkey.

PHILADELP}114, Nov. 13.—Eloping at the

outset in an automobile, Mr.and Mrs, Regi-
nald Passmore Lewis ended a 2,000 mile
flight by being arrested in this city to-day.
It was all due to a monkey, and with the
arrival of a telegram announcing the death
of the monkey came their release from a
cell and the untangling of the maze of
misunderstanding in which the young
elopers had found themselves invoived.

A diamond necklace, desperadoes and
an enraged mother figure in the story, with
a lot of thrilling details, for all of which the
monkey can be held to a strict accounta-
bility. Had Mr. Lewis not given the monkey

to his sweetheart's mother, the mother
would never have pursued the elopers
across the country and caused them to be
locked up in the City Hall.

The bride's mother, Mary J. Noel, is
the wife of the former Sheriff of Saguache
county, Col. It was upon her com-
| plaint that the elopers were arrested in an
uptown apartmentghouse upon a charge of
stealing a diamond necklace, Lewis is a
wealthy cattleman and mine owner of
Buena Vista, Col. About two years ago he
| was injured in an encounter with desper-
| adoes and stopped at the Noel residence to
| have his wounds dressed. They were more

serious than he had thought and he was
| obliged to remain at the house several
| weeks, while Miss Noel nursed him back to

health,

Love ripened rapidly and as yet no
| shadow of the monkey darkened the scene.
| The wedding was set for a date about one

year ago, but was postponed because
| Sheriff Noel was shot and killed by cattle
thieves, who were captured and lynched,
Lewis having identified them as the men
with whom he had the running battle which
resulted in his wound. The marriage was
postponed until the latter part of October,
and just before leaving for his bride's
home, Lewis, in a moment when his good
‘ angel was sleeping, sent a monkey to Mr.

Noel, who he knew was fond of pets of

all kinds.

Mias Noel thought the monkey was cun-
| ning, but after the animal had signalized

his arrival by destroying Mrs. Noel's best
hat, the mother thought differently and
insisted upon banishing the beast to a shed.
Lewis, unaware of the trouble that was
brewing, arrived at his sweetheart's house
and found mother and daughter divided
upon the subject of the monkey.

The monkey was brought back to the
| house and promptly proceeded to destroy
bric-a-brac and enjoy himself immensely.
Again the subject of his banishment came
up and the breach between mother and
daughter widened until the mother in
anger declared that she would not allow
her daughter to marry the donor of the
monkey.

Tewis took the threat seriously and the
next evening engaged an automobile and
eloped with Miss Noel. Later in the even-
ing Mrs. Noel missed a valuable diamond
| necklace and went to her daughter's room

to see if she had seen it. The room was
empty. Signs indicated a hasty flight
and Mrs. Noel realized that her daughter
had eloped and promptly connected her
disappearance with the loss of the necklace,

Mrs. Noel is an expert horsewoman and
she made her horse fairly fly to the nearest
railroad station at the town of Saguache.
But the horse was no match for the auto-
mobile and Mrs. Noe) arrived to find that
the elopers had started East. She tele-
graphed ahead for a detective to trace the
elopera and the chase led her to this city.

Mr. and Mrs. Lewis were arrested at
breakfast. Shortly after they had heen
locked up at the city hall, Mrs. Noel entered
the cell room in great excitement and told
the sergeant that she wished to withdraw
the charge.

“I have just received a telegram,” she
said, “that tells me that my necklace has
been found in a chimney with the body of
the monkey that had crept there and had
been suffocated,”

FALL

| SAnae FROM CARRIAGE.
Driver Killed—His Passenger Locked Up
for Intoxication.

Frederick Burke, 60 years old, a driver
employed by Jacob Erdenbrecher of 584
Fast 145th street, fell from the seat of his
carriage last night at 185th etreet and Lenox
avenue while returning from a funeral
at Calvary Cemetery, and was instantly
killed. William King of 265 Thirteenth
avenue, Jersey City, who was in the car-
riage at the time, was locked up in the
West 125th street station on the charge of
being drunk.

King told the police that he and Burke
had several drinks and by the time they

| got to Harlem Burke was very drunk.
| They were going through 135th street near

Lenox avenue W
| the curb, throwing Burke off.

|

 

JAMESEVERARDIN POORHEALTH

Hasn't Left His Apartments in a Month
and Is Under a Doctor's Care.

James Everard, the wealthy brewer, is
| confined to his apartments in the Hotel
Wolcott, and his friends say that his health
is failing rapidly. He has not left his room

 

n the carriage ra ai ' ; ;
7 me ee Seater | month the line will begin to carry Japanese

troops for the coming campaign in northern |

|

‘

HITCH IN NORTH SBA AFFAIR, |

 

RUSSIA HAS NOT AGREED TO
PUNISH OFFICERS.

 

' Newspapers Say Such Demand Will Never

 

Se

|

 

|

|
|

|
|

|

in a month. He is under a doctor's care |
| and his wife and daughter are with him
constantly.

| Mr. Everard has made his home at the
Wolcott since be made his unsuccessful

fight to prevent the installation of a bar at

the St. Regis. yhen the hotel won the

| fight Everard moved from his old home et

| Fifth avenue, which adjoins the hotel.

For a year his health has been poor.
| is now 7% years old.

 

Garrett Serviss Guest of the 13 Clab.
Garrett P. Serviss was the guest of honor
of the Thirteen Club at the club's monthly
| dinner last night at Riccadonna's in West
| Twenty-fourth street. Mr. Serviss made
fae h on the “Superstitions of Wall
| Street.” After the speech Ernest Jarrold
| and others amused the diners and officers
for 1905 were nominated.

|

| the

Be Granted—Attack on Baitio Fleet
Expected tn the Red Sea—Japs Close
to Two Main Port Arthur Forts.

Special Cable Despatches to THe Son,

LONDON, Noy. 14.--The newspapers are
devoting much space to an alleged hitch
in the Anglo-Russian convention which
is reported from Paris. Nothing that is
reliable in confirmation of the report can
be learned, but the difficulty is said to be
due to Great Britain's insistence upon the
punishment of the Russian officers respon-
sible for the firing on the Hull trawlers.

Despite Lord Lansdowne's and other
British officials’ statements that the officers
would be punished, the St. Petersburg
newspapers hotly repudiate the allegation
that Russia agreed to such action, and de-
clare that this was never conceded and
never will be.

Telegrams from St. Petersburg report
continued nervousness over a probable
attack upon the Baltic fleet in the Suez
Canal or Red Sea.

COPENHAGEN, Nov. 13,—The remaining
vessels of the Baltic fleet, consisting of two
first class and several smaller cruisers,
torpedo boats and six transports, are ex-
pected to pass through the Danish Straita
to-morrow, Danish pilots have already
left to meet them.

BIG BATTLE PROBABLY

Troops South of Mukden Moving
Position for Fight.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SuN.

LonpDon, Nov. 14.—A correspondent of
the Telegraph says that a steamer on which
he was travelling from Chingwantao to
Chefoo on Saturday was stopped and de-
tained by the Japanese for nine hours off
the Miaotao Islands. He was informed
that the Japanese blockade of Port Arthur
had been extended and that all shipping
must now keep thirty instead of twenty
miles from the port. Disobedience will
entail serious consequences.

A Japanese officer said that the fortress
was ready to fall. The Russians apparently
have no more mines. Their warships are
too badly damaged to attempt another
sortie,

On the other hand, the Japanese officials
at Chefoo are not sanguine that the place
will be captured before Christmas.

The continued frequent artillery fire on
the Sha River is ocoasioning reports that
another great battle is beginning, although
it is stated that neither side has begun to
advance. The circumstances are said to
resemble precisely the conditions prevail-
ing on the eve of the last battle.

JAPS TAKE STRONG POSITION.

Heavy Guns at Urlung and Shangsho Put
Out of Action.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sux.

Tokio, Nov. 13.—The Jiji Shimpo saya
it learns that the wide ditches that were
held by the Russians in front of the Urlung
and Shungshu forte have been taken by the
Japanese. The heavy guns that were
mounted at those points are now out of
action.

The Urlung garrison took refuge ina
subterranean bombproof, upon which a
Japanese shell fell, breaking through the
roof and causing many casualties.

SHIP THE RUSSIANS SANK

Now Believed to Be the Missing Swedish
Steamer Ares.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Stn.

Lonpon, Nov. 14.—A despatch to the
Daily Mail from Copenhagen says it is
believed that the steamer lately reported
to have been sunk by the Russian Baltic
fleet was the Swedish steamer Ares, which
was crossing the North Sea, bound for
Gefle, the day the Dogger Bank incident
occurred, She has not been reported since
that time.

GERMAN DEFENDS BALTIC FLEET.

 

NEAR.
Into

 

 

Vice-Admiral Kuehne Says Rojcstvensky
Was Right tn Firing on Trawlers.
: Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Beruin, Noy. 13.—Vice-Admiral Kuehne |

of the naval reserve, lecturing at Lubeck,
defended Admiral Rojestvensky, the com-
mander of the Russian Baltic fleet, for at-
tacking the Hull trawlers in view of the
many warnings of intended Japanese at-
tacks on the fleet and the ease with which
trawlers or any other vessels could be fitted
with torpedo tubes or employed to lay
mines

Germans, he said, ought not to forget that
the war would decide Germany's future at

Kiaochau, and for this reason the voyage |

of the Baltic fleet was of the utmost interest
to them.

 

JAPAN TO RAISE DUTIES.

Had to Accept Poorer Terms for Last
Loan Because Port Arthur Holds Out.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Toko, Nov. 18.—The Government's pill
to meet the expenditures necessitated by
the war proposes to increase the import
duties 1,500,000 yen, distributed in small
amounts on various imports. The largest
increases will be on tobacco, kerosene,
glassware and beverages.

Baron Sone, Minister of Finance, in
answering the criticisms regarding the
terms of the latest foreign loan, admitted
that they were not satisfactory, but said
the delay in capturing Port Arthur and the
departure of the Baltic fleet created diffi-
culties in the negotiations which com-
pelled Japan to accept terms that were
less favorable than those governing the
first loan,

Corean Ratlway Completed.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THER Sux.
SEOUL, Noy. 13.—The Seoul-Fusan rail-
way is now practically completed. Next

Corea.

CHRYSANTHEMUM SHOW PRIZES,

 

R. Mortimer, H. McK. Twombly, and E. C,
Benedict Among the Winners.

Richard Mortimer, whose exhibit of
chrysanthemum plants is the feature of
the present American Inatitute exhibit
at Herald Square Hall, has first prizes
in six classes and seconds in several classes.
Other classes remain to be judged later
in the week.

In the class of cut flowers, H. McK.
Twombly has carried off most of the first
vrizes, Other successful exhibitors were
i. C. Benedict, D. Willis James, P. A. B.
Widener, Mrs. M. F. Plant, C. B. Alexander,

He | O. H. Kahn, G. C. Randand E. D. Adams.

 

OBITUARY.

John Rassbach, 75 yeare old, was found |

dead in the dining room of his home, 318
Maolis avenue, Glen Ridge, N. J., yesterday
morning. Apoplexy was the cause. Mr.
Rassbach was one of the oldest florists in
State. He was born in Germany and
came to this country when quite young.
He was one of the original members of the
First Baptist Church of Bloomfield. A wife,
three daughters and two sons survive him,

ern handicraft.
stock of

UNDERWEAR.

i

as protective virtues.

}

DECOYED BY A HIGHWAYMAN.

 

H. D. CURTIS STRUCK DOWN NEAR

NEW HAVEN.

His Office Burned Shortly After He Was
Murderously Assaulted on His Way
There, Summoned by a Bogus Tele-
gram—Found by a Trelley Car Crew.

 

New HAVEN, Novy. 13
Henry D. Curtis, aged 25 years, manager
of the Tidewater Trap Company of East

while on the way to his office last evening
to keep a business appointment, and who
was found by a crew of a passing trolley
at midnight unconscious beside the track,
is critical to-night, although the attending
physicians think he will recover.

 

Sanitary
Underwear.

Now approaches the season of coughs and colds,
of rheumatism and pneumonia, which number more
victims than “plague, pestilence and famine.”
mitigate or cure these evils where they already exist
—to avert them where they as yet but threaten—-
there is no surer all-around remedy than JAEGER

Famous the world over for its curative as well

RECOMMENDED BY LEADING
PHYSICIANS EVERYWHERE.

306 FIFTH AVENUE,

Between 31st and 32d Streets.

157 BROADWAY.

Brooklyn Branch, 504 Fulton Street.

The condition of |

|

Mr. Curtis has had only short spells of |

consciousness to-day, but it has
learned from him that a bogus telegram,
; purporting to come from Henry E, Adams
of Boston, one of the directors of the com-
pany, and requesting Mr. Curtis to meet
him at the company’s office at 9 P. M.
night was the means employed by the assail-
ants of Mr. Curtis to get him out on the
lonely road, where he was attacked.

When found Mr. Curtis was without his
overcoat and his face was buried in the

|
'
|
z who was assaulted murderously
!
|

dirt. There were no marks on his head, |

|

|

|

He thinks he was sandbagged. So do his

friends. His pocketbook, containing $100,

was missing, but the empty purse and the

overcoat were recovered to-day near the

| place where he was picked up last night.

| Mr. Curtis was somewhat sspicious of

the telegram when he received it yesterday,

| as Mr. Adame had been in the city consult-

| ing him on busincss within a few days,
and he could think of no reason that would
bring him here again 89 soon. The svs-
picion was further strengthened by the fact
that last June he received a similar mr s-
sage telephoned from a man who refused
to divulge his name and who tried to make
an appointment with him for the same
time and place. He did not pay any atten-
tion to the suggestion and heard nothing
from it.

Lest night Mr. Curtis was inclined to do

portance had called Mr. Adams to town, he
finally decided to go to the office. He left
his home siortly after 8 o'clock and started
down the trolley tracks which pass his
quarry. The track runs along a lonely

last |

been |

| Meyer Bros.
and was addressed to E. Napper of Logan, ,

 

W&J.SLOANE

«

our resident buyers in'the Orient

are constantly securing the
most besutiful specimens of East-
Our complete new

ORIENTAL RUGS

offers examplesofevery well-known
weave, among which are many
inexpensive rugs of attractive color
and design appropriate for gifts

| Our sale of a rug ts a guarantee of quality

BROADWAY & 19" STREET

 

 
    
  

 
   
  

 
 

To

 
     
   
     
     
   
     

  

personal enemies.

The spot where he was
attacked is near where John L, Jude, an-
other resident of East Haven, was attacked |
on Saturday night about a month ago and
shot in the face within twenty feet of his

home.
attempt at murder. The State police have
begun an investigation in the sandbagging
of Manager Curtis.

It was recalled to-night that Frank H.

Johnsor, who was at the head of the Con- |

necticut ‘Trap Rock Company. was found

early oae morning eighteen months ago, |

clinging to a tree on the edge of Fast Rock.
eight miles from the office of the com-
pany. Nearby wes his bicycle, badly
wrecked. He was in a dazed condition.
He said that he had ridden to the top of the
East Rock during the night to bce and enjoy
New Haven by moonlight. On his way
up the rock he met with a header and was
thrown from his wheel to the edge of this

300-foot cliff and saved himselffrom going |

over by grabbing the tree. He died within
forty-eight hours es the result of his in-
juries

Tt was said at the time that Mr. Johnson
had been in ill health for some time. He
carried about $40,000 accident insurance.
The companies declined to pay the policies,
saving that his death wes not due to acci-
dent.
son's home was in Waltham, Mass.

HELD FOR MAILBOX THEFT.

Stamps

 

Cut From Wrappers Found in
George Lang's Pockets.

George Lang, who said that he lived

at Mills Hotel No. 2, in Rivington street, |

was arrested early yesterday morning by
Policeman Murphy of the Leonard street
station for stealing a package from a mail
box on Broadway between Pearl and Worth
streets. 230 Dee bore a label of the

rug Company of St. Louis

Utah. Forty-six cents worth of uncancelled
stamps were on it.

At the station house $1.13 worth of un-
cancelled stamps, evidently cut from wrap-
pers, were found on the prisoner, also a

wrapper from the Seymour Manufacturing |

Company, Tarrytown, N. Y.
When arrested Lang said he was from
Chicago and was on his way to the poat

office to mail the package. He was going

away from the post office though, the officer |

BRAVA.
He was arraigned in the Centre street
police court and remanded to the custody

| of the police. To-day he will be arraigned
| before the Federal authorities.

neighborhood for a mile or two and when |

th. same, but fearing that something of im-

within a sort distance of the office he was
| attacked from behind and felled to the
ground by a blow which knocked him un-
conscious. He could not tell anything
about his assailant.
| A motorman on a late car to town was
passing the spot when he slowed up his car
sufficiently to see a man's form on the edge
of a ditch close to the track. The con-
ductor and motorman after carrying him
aboard recognized Mr. Curtis and he was
| hurried to his home, where physicians
| worked over him all night without his re-
gaining consciousness. The position in
which he was found would indicate that
after he was knocked down and robbed his
assailant rolled him over toward the ditch,

 

expecting that his body would fall in and |

It was found this morning that the office
of the company was burned to the ground
| between 9 and 10 o'clock last night. The
| See said that he visited the place
at 9:10 and that everything was all right,
but that shortly before 10 o'clock he saw
smoke escaping and, rushing toward the
building, found it a mass of flames. Nothing
could be saved.
| According to the watchman, he did not
sce either Mr. Curtis or any one ele about
| the place last night. Several months ago
| the Tidewater Trap Company andthe
town of East Haven, five miles east of this
city, had a difficulty abouta bridge over
| the East Haven River and feeling ran higa
against the company.
| Mr. Curtis was not known to have any

|

eecape the notice of passing trolley men.
|

!

, Geral calendar

 

Court Calendars This Day,

Appellate Division—Supreme Court—Adjourned
until Tuesday, Nov, 15, 1904, at 1 P.M

Supreme Court Appellate Term— Recess

Supreme Court-—special Term --Part |.—Motion
calendar called at 10.90 A. M. Part 1I.- Ex-parte
matters. Partill.--Case unfinished. Mottons, De
murrers. Nos. 375, 583, 587, 580, 603, 604, 56N,
eos. Preferred causes Nos. 127%, 880, 8A7, 1947

Nos. 682, 708, 912, R45,

1219, #74, S11. Part IV.—Case unfinished.

from Part Ill, Par V.—Case unfinished, Cases
from Part IV. Part Vi.—Case unfinished. Ele
vated R. R. cases, Trial Term—Part 11—Clear,

Short causes Nos. 2278, 9042, 3810, 2672, 2870, 8:37,
2454, 2826, 2428, 3252, 2627, 2613, 2644, 2033, 2564. 2078,
2562, 2881. 2626'9, : Clear.
Nos, 284, 123, 1820, 1852. 1870, 1681, 1890, 1849, 1893,
. 1776, 1889, 1850, 1862, 1720, 1757, 1762, 1784, 1s68
Part LV.--Case unfinished, Cases from Part

lil. Part V.-Case unfinished, Cases from Part

lll, Part Vi.--Adjourned untl) Monday, Novy,
21, 1004. Part VII.--Case unfinished. Nos. 2780,
7294, 1741, 2235, 2364, 2355, 2489, 2373. Part VII1.-
Case unfinished. Cases from Part VII. Part
IX.- Adjourned until Monday Nov. 21, 1904 Part
|X. —Clear. Nos 674, 2048, 827, G80, 820, 1008, 1018,

1040, 1050, 1052, 1058, 1081, 1087, 1078, 1075.
1106, 890, 2852, ORS, SB4, 1119, 1190, 1189, 115),
1169, $224, 2846, 385, 608, 828, O88, ORD
112, Part XI.—Case unfinished.
Part X. Part X11.—Case unfinished.
Part X b

Surrogate's Court--Chambers.—For probate—
Wills of Mary A. Gleason, Phillip Lad rmann,
Catherine Connolly, Richard M. Havermann. Lena

1ii4,
+ 1082, 1006, 1008
Cases from

Cases from

Henry, Helena Michell, Willlam E. deVries, Wilam |

Canty. at 1030 A Trial Term.—Nos. 2.8
2037, 2038, 2044, 2049, 2050, 2061, 2052, 2053, 2058, 2059,
City Court—Special Term.—Court opens at 10
Motions. Trial Term—Part |.—Case on

Firrette Exener. No day calendar
Case unfinished. Nos. 80290, 3376, 8383,
2, $382, S380, 2527, 3121, 3019, 2003, gH,
rag NOS, 3235, 8285, 3440. 3444,

‘ . MSS. S40,

SAAB, 3444, 3446, 2975, B422, 8440, 3450, S458. 3450. 540),
M61, 3463, 5465, 3464, 3167, 8467'2. 3408, MOY

—Short causes. Nos, 8801, S802, 9600, 6649, 8462.
8541, D696, 9288, 9020, KSOK, OER, OROT, 9110, BO12, ITB,
9520, 9072, S008, 0592, O53, 0560, 9420, D120, KEM, OAD,
9082, 0771. OR61, 9766. Equity case Part
V. Clear, Nos, 8125, 3126, S180, 3260, 3265,
1134, 2480, 2072, 2021, 2078, 2076, 207), 70N2, 7%. Bus?
O38, 101, S07, OBR, 3090, GON, 8257, S0B¥, 3170. 2652,
3327, 2080's

He is just recovering from that |

The cases are still in court. John- |

Pajamas for Men

Special at $2.95

Regularly $5.00 to $8.50
In the craft, the man who
made the pajamas which
this offer concerns is Hors
Concours —his garments

are accepted by the most
exclusive shops in town,
any of which will provide
the identical pajamas which,
we offer—though at $5.00
to $8.50 instead of $2.95.
The fabric is an imported
winter weight cheviot,
highly mercerized, with
fancy woven designs on
white, tan or beige grounds.
The collection affords
sizes for all manner of men
—normal and abnormal.

Saks & Company

Broadway, 33d to 34th Street.

 

BROTHERS

ESTABLISHED NEARLY: HALF A CENTURY
LERGYMEN as

a rule are partic
ular about their cloth-
ing. # Following the
same rule, we are par~
ticular about our cloth-
ing for the Clergy.
Being a good rule, it
works both ways.

Clerical suits and overcoats
of appropriate fabrics in
plain Black. Oxtord and
Silk mixtures. correctly
fashioned in a diversity of
styles.

et eat:

ASTOR: PLACE-AND -FOURTH:AVENUE*

 

 

 

periat “INSTRUCTION.
Se ae one
Husiness Colleges

| FOR SFELF-
AND )<tPfor ie)

_ INDUSTRIAL if
BUSINESS SCHOOL }°O0x¢

Stenography, Typewriting, Writing,
hookkeeping, German for bBeglo-
ners or Advanced Students, Sewing,
Embroidery, Millinery.

SCHOOL

| Awarded Siiver Medal at St. Louls, Design, Model
ing. Wood Carving, Cast aud Life Drawing, Watee
Color and Painting, Costume Drawing.
YOUNG WOMEN'S CHRISTIAN AS8SS'N,
7 EAST 16TH ST.
Office Hours 9 A.M.to 5 P.M. and 7to9P. M.
Saturday Afternoons and Evenings excepted.

Schools of Art

 

|
}

 

WHIPPLE SCHOOL OF ART,

51ST ST.

@00 SIXTH AVENUE,

AUMORIST IN) POLICE COURT.
MecCardell's Auto Discovered on the Wrong
Side of Broadway).

Roy L. MeCardell, newspaper humorist,
was in the West Side court vesterday,
charged with running his automobile along
the wrong side of Broadway in the vicinity
of the Columbus Circle.

Mounted Policeman Benjamin Brace had
made the arrest, and McCardell declared
| that the policeman had struck his daughter

with his elub. Gene Carr, the cartoonist
was in the automobile with McCardell and
his little girl, but he had not seen the alleged
assault and Magistrate Ommen refused to
| entertain the charge.

Brace said that the humorist had tried
to get funny with him. When told to run
his machine to the station house McCardell,
he declared, reduced speed to about one
mile an hour

“ All I did was to tell him to hurry along,"
| he added.
| “No,” said McCardell, *He got his club
out for me and while flourishing it he struck
my little girl.” MeCardell was discharged.

COR

 

The List of Referees,
The following |s a list of referees appointed to
cases in the Supreme Court last week
Hy Joseph Amend
Cases. Referees.
Marshal! vs
Paving Co
| De Meli vs Townsend
Wright Steam Engine Works

| Matt-Taylor

Hamilton Odell
Jos. P. McDonough, |

{| _ vs. McAdam Peter B. Olney.
| Daniels vs. La Shelie John V. McAvoy.
United States

Fdw. W. Crittenden,
wvitiars cQualid.

Trust Co, of New York if
Langbein,

Matter of Stedman
Matter of Humphreys....
Matter of Mettam

| Matter of

John B. Pannes,

De Forest vs, Robinson Joseph T. Ryan, i

| Matter of Dobble Adolph Block. y
By Justice Clarke \

Astor vs. De Stucrs Ss. Sidney Smith,

Harrison vs. Wilson Fred W. Stelle.

Equitable Life Assurance So

clety vs. Tilden Building D. J, Newland
Lane vs. Bohimer Richard H. Clarke,

Edward R. Finch
Willlam L. Turner,

Hull vs. Ketchum

Curtis vs. Cary

Dry Dock Savings Institu
tion vs. Fleischhauer

Burrill vs. Flitner

| Aheara vs. Sanderson..

Dinkelspiel vs. Stiglitz

Matter of Nortman

Lyon vs. Healy

Otto M. Steinfeld,
Charnes P. Blaney
Henry W. Bookstaver,
John C, Coleman
Fibert Bo Hamlin,
Noses A. Warren

    

j f 6
Cures a Cold in One Day, 2 Days

| CBRSgrno Ek.

 

PHYSICAL

| TRAINING at
‘PARKER INSTITUTE,
Hoxsie, R. I.

CVERWORKED business men need our
treatment. Our method embraces the pos-
| itive restoration to sound nerves and health.
Exercise, Massage, Baths and Dieting.
Our system isin charge of its originator, Fred
Eugene Parker, A. B., M. B., Director—for 12
| years director of Physical Training at Brown
| University, All worn out andrun down men are
immediately benefited.
Send for our free booklet giving complete in-
formation as to our institute and how we Develop
Physical Training by mail.