Eee

Pererewns
=

i
4
D
}
Le

 
 
  
   
  
  

as

The Silas Suu,

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1904.

 

 

Entered at the Post Office at New York as Second
Class Mall Matter.

 

 

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.

DAILY, Per Month.........+ voseencooserens 80 BO
DAILY, Per Year...4.c.ccossssserseeceeroece @ OO
SUNDAY, Per Year..... sicceserpoensecsces 2 OO
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Yesr..-veowresye 9 OO
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Month ..ececoers 70

Postage to foreign countries added. ,

Published by The Sun Printing and Publishing
Association at 170 Nassau street, In the Borough
of Manhattan, New York.

(Soe

If our friends who favor us wich manuscripts for

PubUeation wish to have rejected articies returned, they |

must in ali cases send stamps for (hal pul pose.

 

For Postmaster of New York.

It seems to be expected that Mr.
Rooseve tt will appoint this week a
successor to the Hon. CORNELIUS VAN
Corr. Various politicians are recom-
mending themselves or other politicians,
There usually has been, and probably
long will be, something deeply political
about the duties of Postmaster of this
town.

in so great an establishment who know
how to run it after a fashion. Fortu- |
nately they are protected by their ob-
acurity. They are necessary evils and |
mar in some measure the high ideal of
an office essentially political.

The people of this town imagine that |
certain improvements might and ought |
to be made in the New York Poat Office
and postal service. Possibly some of |
these improvements will be made, but |
there should be no impatience if they
are not. The distribution of mail mat- |
ter is a comparatively trivial detail of |
the great work for which post offices
exist and poatmasters of high degree
have their commissions.

ed

Mr. Davis Is All Right.

The Hon. HENRY GASSAWAY Davis ;
may have seemed a bit out of his class |
as a candidate for Vice-President, but |
his energy, good humor, rapidity and |
boyish buoyancy have given him a}
joyous place in the hearts of his oe
trymen.

It is a pleasure to know that he is |
not grumpy or even discouraged. His
brother, Col. Tom Davis of Keyser,
gives this bulletin of conditions in the
Davis family: y

" My boy, it was aclean sweep. The sweep was
on the other side, though. No, I did not expect It.
Who could have forecast {t? They had too much
money for us. Well, we did the best we could, and
that is all that can be expected of any one.

“| have not seen my brother since the election,
but feel sure the results will not endanger his health.
Hé is a busy man and has plenty to do. No doubt
he would like to have been elected. As it has
turned out, however, we have nothing to apolo-
gize for,”

Brother Tom is going to Pimlico races.
Brother HENRY is entirely capable of
riding a “winner” there.

To the Good Old Boy of West Vir-
ginia, happy days and plenty of them!

!

 

The Man With the Bright Bronze Poll,

The Hon. THOMAS E., WATSON refuses
to add himself to the celebrities of New
York. He will not leave his happy
home in Thomson, Ga. Our lose is his
gain. What doth a Populist in Wall
Street, unless he is on the right side of
the market? Any candidacies that Mr.
WATSON may have in view would be
injured if he consented to settle among
the Money Devils. Fven his rugged
temperament might be softened. Too
familiar with the Money Power, he
might firet endure, then pity, then em-
brace.

Mr. WATSON has had more fun and
talked more meat and marrow in the
campaign than any other of the famous
Populists, straight or Democratic. He!
had the great advantage of not caring |
a rap: whether he hurt anybody's fine
feelings or not. He executed a brilliant
sword dance and pinked his Democratic
friends with equal skill and gayety.
If he enjoys composing what he believes
to be history as thoroughly as he has
enjoyed decomposing the Democratic
party and platform into their constituent
sawdust he is a lucky man.

It is impossible not to like this red-
headed Rupert of the Crackers. As
TERENCE MULVANEY would say, TOM
has bow'ls.

 

The Socialist Vote.

The vote polled by EUGENE V. DEBS
for President at last week's election is
estimated from the unofficial returns
to have exceeded 600,000. A greater
number of citizens voted for him than
have voted for the candidate of any
third party since the civil war, exoept-
ing only JAMES B. WEAVER, who, as a
Populist in 1882, received 1,041,021 popu-
lar votes and 22 electoral votes. DEBS
got more votes than any candidate who
since 1864 haa failed to obtain the vote
of an Elector of President and Vice-
President.

When WEAVER received his vote of
over a million he was running the second
time; and DEBS made his second race
this year. WEAVER ran on the Green-
back ticket in 1880 and 308,578 voters
supported him. Dkss’s first appear-
ance as a cendidate for President was
in 1900. His total poll then was only
94,178, or less than one-sixth of the num-
ber of votes he received this fall.

Comparing this remarkable increase
in the Socialiet vote with the Prohibi-
tionist vote, it is found that the Drys in
the last campaign made no increase in
their following sufficient to attract at-
tention. In 1900 Woou.er, the Pro-
hibitionist candidate for President, re-
ceived 207,174 votes. In (806 many
Prohibitionists voted for MCKINLEY,
and LE&VERING, their own candidate,
received but 130,000 votes. In 1882
RIPWELL, on the Prohibition platform,
polled 262,000 votes, and in 1888 Fisk's
vote war 249,000.
are men ‘of one idea; the Socialists have
a programme that promises to cure
every political ill. The Socialist appeal

is to a public much greater than that

  

Ve

| actual state of affairs. Neither party

There must always be some persons {|

particularly

sn

The Prohibitioniste |

which the Drys seek to reach, for every

dissatisfied man is urged to enroll under
their banner.

In spite of the growth in the total
Socialist vote the party has made no
progress in the East in obtaining offices.

In the Massachusetts Legislature, forthe | the urban population of the United |
there | Kingdom was 77 per cent.
hich | and York are typical towns, then, leav-

first time in several years, in 1
will be no Socialist. The cities

 

eo Lee te a ae

poverty line.” In York, Mr. ROWNTREE,
investigating on his own hook and by his
own methods, put the average at 28 per
cent. The census of 1901 showed that

If London

eee = Wes

of the people of London are “below the

  
     

are

present form and purpose because of

the necessity of some united action in
opposition to the labor unions. That
they should fight for the establishment

| and maintenance of the open shop was

to be expected, The struggle between

| the closed shop and the open shop will
| be severe. The open shop will prevail.

have tried Socialist municipal adminis- | ing village poverty out of consideration, | Jt is the American idea.
trations have abandoned them generally. | 21 or 22 per cent. of the entire population =

In fact, the strength of the Socialist
organization seems to he greater when
it is in the minority, and success at the |
polls usually results in a split that pre- |
cedes defeat, The party programme |
promises much that hitherto has been
impossible of accomplishment, and the
failure of the leaders to perform all they
set out to do invariably leads to dissen-
sion within the organization when it is
in power, not only in this country, but
in Germany and France as well.

 

The Prospects of Mediation,

The statement attributed to the French
Foreign Minister, that the time has not
yet come for a friendly Power to inter- |
vene bet ween Russia and Japan and that
any effort at mediation would be futile
at present, undoubtedly expresses the

to the quarrel will permit outsiders to
interfere until one, at least, is ready to !
propose terms of peace, and no event in
the war so far has been decisive enough
to warrant submission or to provide a
tangible basis for compromise.

At the same time it is clear that the
diplomatic steps have been taken that
will lead to mediation when the proper
time comes. Russia has been made
aware that the neutral Powers, includ-
ing her ally, France, believe that her fight |
in Manchuria is not likely to be suo |

| cessful, and are very anxious to have |

hostilities end. This knowledge cannot
but have influence in the long run, and |
may hasten her decision. When that |
is taken, it is quite possible that the
German Kaiser, who has kept unusually
silent in the whole matter, may be called
in as a friend as well as France.
Mediation, however, is a matter wholly
apart from President ROOSEVELT’S call
for another conference of the Hague |
tribunal, It can be only oversensi- |
tiveness on Russia's part, or it may be |
a suspicion that she has overstepped |
the conventions of international usage,

 

that can make her object to a meeting
while the war is going on, provided, that
is, she intendsto keep up hostilities for
a long time.

Powerful neutrals have been annoyed
and the material interests of their sub-
jects have suffered from interpretations
of the rules of war that have been,
to say the least, questionable. These
points should be settled, so far as agree-
ment between nations can settle them,
soon, as an éarly authoritative decision
will put an end to a great deal of trouble,
to neutrals. There are,
for instanoe, the various questions re-
garding contraband of war that have
arisen; the status of armed merchant
vessels, called up by the actions of the
“volunteer” fleet, and more recently the
matter of coaling a belligerent fleet.

There is no concealment about the
destination of the Baltic fleet; it is on |
its way to attack the enemy. Italy, it
seems, has taken the conservative view
of a neutral's duties in refusing to allow
the fleet to coal in Italian waters. France,
on the other hand, permits it to coal in
French waters as often as it pleases.
Fach country has doubtless received
protests from one of the belligerents,
and both would like to have the point at
issue settled definitely.

Plenty of useful work seems to be
cut out for the Hague tribunal; work
that can be taken up at once, and that,
while applicable to the present war,
need in no way touch the interests of
Russia or of Japan, if both Powers mean
to respect international agreements.

 

English Poverty.

In the October number of the Weet-
minater‘ Review Mr. W. V. ROBERTS
writes of “Science and Poverty.” His |
teat of poverty is that formulated by |
Mr. ROWNTREE, who haa etudied thor-
oughly the condition of the poor in
York: j

“ That family ls In poverty Whose total earnings |
are insuMfictent to obtain the minimum necessaries
for the maintenance of merely physical eMoiency, or
whose total earnings would have been sufficient for
the maintenanoe of merely physical efficiency were
it mot that some portion of |i was absorbed by
other expenditure, olvher useful or otherwise,”

But London and many other British
cities know a poverty far below this

 

| standard, absolute hopeless poverty:

© One night last winter the Public Healih Com-
mittee of the Londoa County Council made a cen-
gus of the homeless poor of Loudon. The oMcers
of the council visited certain districts of the me- |
tropolis, and counted In that Aight, walking about
the streets, 1,463 men, 116 Women, and 46 boys and
4 girs apparently under the age of sizteen. They
also found 100 maies and 68 females asicep in door -
ways, under archways and on staircases, making
1,707 persoms who it must be presumed were so
piteously peor that (hey had mot the wherewithal |
to provide themaeives with the cheapest hospl- .
tality of a common lodging house. To put It an-.
other way, one person in two thousand of (he popu-
lation was forced to spend the dreary hours of a |
winter's night In the cold sirrets of London. The
figures convey but & falot impression of the sum
total of human misery that they represent. We
cannot grasp ali the hideous significance of such a
depvh of outcast wretcheduess. But it is a mirtk-
ing picture of Conerete poverty, and is worth many
abstract definivions.”

The principle of the present Union
syetem of relief in England is described
by Mr..RoBERTS as this, “that the stand-
ard of comfort of the pauper ought to be
lower than that of the poorest laborer, |
on the ground that to make pauperiem |
comfortable is to encourage indolence |
and vice.” At present 656 Boards of |
Guardians are carrying out this principle
and system, and 15,602 bodies take part
in the administration of the poor law.

|

 

Yet absolute pauperism is not decreas- |
individual employer undertook to fight
817,800 paupers, 104,817 of them adults; | a union, he was obliged to fight at the \
| same time all the other employéts in his |

ing as it should. In 1878 England had

and the bill was $41,162,300. In January,

' “ig without the means of keeping them- |
selves in merely physical efficiency.” |
| Yale Eleven on Princeton's “sand” have

What this sort of existence means to the
families subjected to it is described
vividly by Mr. ROWNTREE:

“ A family living upon the scale allowed for in this
estimate must never spend a penny on railway
fare or omnibus. They must never purchase &
halfpenny newspaper or spend a penny to buy @
Heket for a popular concert. They must write
no letters to absent children, for they cannot
afford to pay the postage. They must never con-
tribute anything to their church or chapel, or give
any help to a neighbor which cosis them money.
They cannot save, nor can they join sick club or

| trade unfon, because they cammot pay the meces
The children must have no |

sary subscriptions.
pocket money for dolls, marbles or sweets. The
father must smoke no tobacco and must drink no
beer. ‘The mother must never buy any preiiy
clothes for herself or for her children. Should a

child fall il, 1+ must be attended by the parish |

doctor; should 1+ die, 1¢ must be buried by the
parish. If any of these conditions are broken the
extra expenditure Involved is met, and can only
be met, by limiting the diet; or, In other words,
by sacrificing physical eMiclenoy.”

In such a pitiful state nearly one-
fourth of the British population is ex-
isting or trying to exist. Can conditions

| go sinister to national progress be per-

mitted to endure? The Church, the
State, private philanthropy, have done
much and failed. Can Science provide
aremedy? At any rate, it should try.

Mr. ROBERTS Offers no detailed pro-
gramme. His suggestions are these;

“ Beginnings might be made tn the direction of
the grouping of the facts relating to the feeding
of children; the spread of knowledge relating to
the wise selection and cooking of the cheapest
foodstuffs; the possibility of the formation of labor
schools stich as are being introduced into Germany;
the question of the abolition of unskilled labor.
Great encouragement should also be given to the
study of political economy, and especially to that
branch of is which seeks to discover the laws re-
lating to the distribution of wealth. These are
mere indications of some of the directions which
scientific inquiry would take. Perhaps they are
not the most urgent, but of one thing I &m sure,
and that le the vital necessity of concentrating upon
the effort to collect material facta and to discover
their relation to other facts and to one emother.”

The study of political economy may
seem a little leas fruitful to many of us
than it seems to Mr. ROBERTS.

 

The Greatest Farm in the World.

The area of the United States, exclu-
sive of Alaska and our insular posses-
sions, is approximately 3,000,000 square
miles. Census returns give about 650,000
square miles of this as “improved farm”
land.

An interesting illustration lies in ase-
suming a segregation of our principal
farm products within specific areas of
familiar boundary, for the purpose of
seeing our national farm under such con-
ditions. In the following arrangement,
the areas, if not absolutely accurate in all
cases, are sufficiently close to give a very
good idea of what our farm would look
like if it were parcelled out in sucha
manner.

Thus planted, Maine and New Hamp-
shire would be our oat field. Rhode
Island, with about 300 square miles from
eastern Connecticut, would be our to-
bacco plantation. The rest of Connec-
ticut, with Long Island, would be the
potato patch. Vermont, Massachusetts,
New York, New Jersey and Delaware
would form a vast wheat field. Pennsyl-
vania would be our cotton field. Vir-
ginia and West Virginia wold be a
hay field. Maryland would be planted
in rye, barley and buckwheat. North
Carolina, South Carolina and Georgia
would be covered with corn. We might
then take our choice between Texas or

| a combination of Ohio, Kentucky, Michi-

gan, Indiana, Llinois and Wisconsin as
the pasture and grazing land and for
the cultivation of minor crops anf gar-
den truck.

With this vast area thus occupied, we
should still be left with nearly three-
quarters of our national domain in the
form of unimproved land and forest.
We run the biggest farm in the world,
and we atill have an empire left for set-
tlement and cultivation.

 

The Fight for the Open Shop.

San Francisco is the latest large manu-
facturing city in which the employers of
labor have been forced to organize for
protection against the efforte of the
trades unions to despoil them of the
right to manage their own businesses.
The “closed shop,” in which only union
men are allowed to work, is the rule now
in the city of the Golden Gate. The
employers are going to make their fight
for the “open shop.” For over a year
they have been maturing their plans.
Now they believe that they can invite

| a struggle with the unions with a good

chance of a successful outcome.

The open shop has gained many not-
able victories within a vear. The great
clothing industry is conducted now on
the principle that a man's membership
in a union is not a matter to be considered
when he seeks employment. The meat
packers’ strike of last summer had the
result of turning the packing houses of
the country from closed, or strictly union
shops, into open shops. The Pultman
works in Illinois are running now as
open shops. The list of open shops
might be lengthened indefinitely.

The natural result of the effective
organisation of workingmen is the
organization of their employers into asso-
ciations for mutual benefit and protec-
tion, What an individual employer of
labor was unable to do, an association
of employers may accomplish. When au

1903, relief was being given to 647,480 | trade. When his fight is made the cause

paupers, 112,616 of them able bodied,
and the bill for 1902 was $61,305,960.
Discouraging figurex, and, of courne,
the poor law relief does nothing what-
ever for the permanent removal of
poverty,

Mr. Boorn estinmted that 30 per cent. , in practically. every trade took their) g

| of the employers’ association to which
‘he belongs, he not only receives the |
support of his fellow members, but is |

relieved of the competition with which,
as an individual, he had to reckon.
The emplovers' associations now found

| takes hold of the recruits.

 

en ssn ss
a ee ee —

\
|
|
|

oe

A A se

‘A Needed University Settlement.
One equal temper of heroic Beef, the

stamped their iron heels. Tempestuous
rushing Bloomer, earthquake Hooan—
glory to all the demons from Dr. Hap-
LEY’S collection; glory also to Dr. Wil-
SON'S thunderbolts of war, only less
terrible than their conquerors!

Certain young gentlemen at Cambridge

may count on being received in a halcyon |

and vociferous manner at New Haven.
Harvard has more and apparently better
football raw material than her dearest
foe. For a dozen years or 80, up to this
month, the Harvard freshmen foot-
ballers have piled the ground with the
Yale freshmen. Then Yale scholarship
Yale has
the largest faculty of professors of foot-
ball and of rowing. Experts, special-

| ists, the flower of football, indoctrinate

and train the novices. The most illus-
trious living graduates, heroes of many

a field, lick the cubs into shape. ‘These | cal

masters teach science, skill, knowledge of
foot ball dynamics, the art of combining
human projectiles into a unity of intelli-
gent cooperation and resistleas force.

By sudden fite of inspirationor des-
peration, Harvard occasionally surprises
itself and the world, but it has not the
traditions, the long record of success,
the admirable training system and im-
peccable masters that are the good fort-
une of its brotherin blue. Its football
system was described by one of its
victims as “too confounded elective.”

In these days of international arbitra-
tiog and intercollegiate comity, wouldn't
it be a wise and thoughtful act for the
Yale School of Football to found a Uni-
versity Football Settlement at Cam-
bridge? Surely, there are more than
enough Yalensian masters to supply the
home market. Exporta few to the banks
of the Charles. Let them teach the
simple natives the indispensable art.
Yale patriotism cannot be offended by
a missionary enterprise so flattering to
Yale achievemegts. There should be no
State line’, no college lines in this young
but all important and sublime science.

Will Harvard be parochial enough to
turn up ite nose at a college settlement
so obviously advantageous to itself as
well as nobly altruistic? Not unless Dr.
EL1or's wards are willing to ,

“Leave to the sons of Eua
The pigskin and the oar.”

 

 

Smiling Tom Taacart is the wisest
elucidator of election results that has yet
appeared above the wreckage of the Dem-
ocratic party. “There weren't Democrats
engugh,” says the Hon. Tom. A great man
is the hero of French Lick.

Maryland, casting an electora! vote for
Rooseve.T and seven for Parkre, will do
nothing unprecedented. In 1862 North
Dakota chose a Populist, a Republican, and
a Democrat as ite three Presidential Eiec-
tors, and the State gave one vote each
to Weaver, HARBISON and CLEVELAND.
California's electora) vote was eplit in 1880,
when Hanoook received five and GARFIELD
one; in 1802, when HARRISON received ona
and CLEVELAND eight, and in 1896, when
BRYAN got one electoral vote from the
State and McKINLEY eight. In 1892 Ohio
elected 22 Republican Electors and one
Democrat. Michigan's Electors in 1802
atood five for CLEVELAND and nine for HarR-
RIBON. In 1896 Kentucky gave one electo-
ral vote for BRYAN and twelve for McKIn-
LEY, and in 1862 three Harrison Electors
and one Populist were chosen in Oregon.

pero cre am rerrtaricry
Metamorphosis of the Bean.

To THE KpIToR oF TRE Scx—.%r: Once more
the beancake rears his savage head. He vow ap-

 

pears a4 on “Arctic wafer,” or “president wafer,” |

or an “acorn biscull,” or even a “Philippine bis-
cul.” Pirast, Port Townsend, Washington, was
the unsuspecting point of assault; suddenly the
attack veers to New York.

The Collector here has seen fit to brand these
delectable dainties as confectionery, and to subject
them accordingly to an initiation fee of 60 per cent.
ad valorem under paragraph 212 of the Dingley
tariff ect of 1887. “Not so,” cry the aggrieved im-
ports. They assemble in mass meeting, all sorts
and condivions of crackerdgm. “We may be con-

fections,” they maintain with a show of pride, “but |
On this particular |

we are not technically such.
occasion we prefer to afMliate ourselves with un-
enumersteda manufeciured articles. Not e 60 dul
a 20 percent. duty under Section 6 for ours.”

Witnesses are called, The cookies are found to
be composed of pastry, With delicate filling and
flavoriag matter, and moulded tn tbe form of thin
waters or fanoy shapes, such a2 a] monds and acorns.
Purther v¢stmony is adduced. The articies are
uniformly kmowm ju the trade as “biscuits,” are
quoted im trade catalog ves under the heading of “bis
cults,” and not uhder that of “candy” or “confec
Viomery"; are sold almost exclusively to retall
grocers, and seldom, If ever, to confectioners

The local board of I'nited States General Ap-
praisers sifts, weighs and bolds; “The word ‘con
fectionery' im Paragraph 212, appearing as It does
in the sugar schedule associated with ‘sugar candy’
in the same paragraph, is mot, inthe board's opinion,
used in @ sense which would include bakery prod
ucts Jike those in comtroversy, ven though these
may be ‘confectionery’ according to some of the
broadest definitions of the word found In the dic
tionaries. (See ‘confectionery,’ ‘confeciioner,’
‘confection,’ Century Dictionary.) In the absence
of mere specific designation, articles closely like
those under consideration have been classified
under this and former tarifis as unenumerated
artictes, Siemmier vs. U.S, (72 Fed, Rep, 47); Leg
ectt ve. U.S, (181 Fed. Rep., 817). “The protest Is
accordingly sustained and the Collector's decision
reversed.”

The importer pays his 20 per cent. and is happy;
the Government is satisfied to coflert 20 per cent.

New Yorm, Nov. 12. Cramton.

 

A Bath House Mistake.
From the St. James Garette.

Around Steckholum there are meny suburban
resorts where sea bathing is induiged tn when the
weather is warm onengh. At one of these resorts
a visilor observed a large signboard ai a gateway,
reading “DAM BAD MAUS.“ This notice gave
him quite a shock, untll he found out it meant
“Ladics’ Bath House.

The Matigned Cigarette.
From the Landon Giove.
(A doctor states (hat there is not 4 single case of
biindpess having been caused by cigarette
amoking only.)
They told me you were deadly,
They salé you sapped the brain,
‘Theat they knew why toyed with you
to awful pais;
They aatd you curbed the stature,
Aod ne'er can K, et mae
‘hey sald you mig roy the Cin
My dainty cigarette, .

And If you smeked 4 dozen,
Or even sis @ Gay,

Whatever brand you took jp hand,
The deuce there was to pay:

For efter your mn
Wes thoro

Your eagie it vanish quite
All through the cigaretic. -

Hut doctors say that's nonsense,
From ttih they scorn te awerve,
No fag, they bald, that's ever sold
Cat harm the eptic nerve.
Bring out the case of aliver
(Por which I'm still in debt),
And ligbt a match: there's time to snatch
A barmies® cigarette, .

 

 

cc

-the Chinese.

ee

=

| anter light

' tell every man you meet that he bes
| of 10,500 francs. i
' much surprised at the good news: and some

 

| dent were increased by the wet

 

ee

 

MINES AND RAILWAYS IN CHINA.

More Dimcult Than Formerly fer For-
eigners te Obtain Concessions.

From Engineering.

A few years ago there appeared to be a
sudden boom in industrial enterprises of all
kinds in China, especially in mines and rail-
ways, and it leoked as if China were about
to enter on a period of great industrial ac-
tivity. It is true that something has been
done, but it now seems as if many of the 80
called concessions to foreigners existed only
on paper.

A change is coming over the Chinese, and
they are learning a few lessons from Japan.
They are no longer inclined to allow their
country to become a happy hunting ground
for concessions for the purpose of enriching
foreigners. They have the abijity to man-
age such things themselves if they choose
to exert themselves, In a recent report by
the Commercial Attaché to H. M. Legation

| at Peking it is stated that “for long it has

generally been believed that little confidence
is reposed In any Chinese undertaking sub-

jeot to official influence. ‘That assump-
tion, would now, however, appear to stand
in need of revision, aa everywhere native
syndicates are being for for the con-
struction of railways or the opening of mines
with Chinese capital only;” so that in future
we may assume that concessions to foreign-
ers will only be granted on special and very
strict conditions. The Chinese Government
d, trying to adapt itself to the new
order of things. a ;
The contro! of mines and railways in China
has passed froin the hauds of the Bureau of
Mines and Reilways into those of the lately
created Board of Commerce, which signalized
its taking over charge thereof by publish-
ing new sets of regulations containing many
eae not likely to Cond ace to raph dere.
e nt or ope up of t untry.
fuiding principle therein sought to be estab-
shed is thaf in all undertakings of this nature
iness capital must p inate. If in
ne case cf a Chinese company the aid of
foreign capital has to be invoked, the amount
must not ex 50 per cent. of the whole;
and foreign companies must reserve 30 per
cent. of their share capital to be taken up by
No mortgage can be executed
ount exceeding 30 per cent. of the
original estimate of the cost of construction
ofar me? or of erecting a mine installation,
and thén only machinery and buildings me
be pledged. No lien can be given on the land.
ithin six months after the granting of
any railway concession by the board to Chi-
nese or foreigners the survey of the line
must be commenced, and six months after
the completion of the survey construction
must begin. The gauge is to be the stan
Fnglish gauge--4 ft. 6% in. Ap licante for
railway concessions cannot apply for mining
righte in connection therewith, pee all con-
tracts entered into must be subject to the
approval of the board. No mining license
oan be applied for in respect of an area greater
than ten square miles (the length must not
exceed four times the breadth). ting
lloenses, available for on@ year, only give the
bolder the right to make face examina-
mn of the ground. Mining licenses are

for an

tio:

validforthirty years. Pit-mouth royalty on
coal, antimony, Irom, alum apd borax is
fired at the rate of 6 cent. ad valorem:

r
on petroleum, copper, fin, lead, sulphur and

cinnabar at the rate of 7 per cent., and on
gold, silver, platinum, qu ver and =
ter at the rate of 15 per cent. Diamonds

and other precious stones pay at
20 per cent. Minerals pay, in a dition, an
export duty on leaving China, but are ex-
exempt from likin charges. It is under-
stood that these regulations have not
agreed to by the foreign representatives, and
it remains to be seen what modifications will
eventually be introduced.

Mr. Jamieson says: “There is reason to
suspect that the onerous conditions attach-
ing to any participation of foreian capital

have for their object a deferring of any grants |

or concessions until the present war is over,
when it is ho that China will be in a posi-
on mere sonal”, & resist what ape is
plea © cone er foreign aggression. Japa-
nese experts, it is true, may be engaged at
leas cost, and they may prove more amenable
in the matter of Chinese prejudices, but the
capital must in the end be borrowed either
in burepe or Amerioa; and it is strange that
neither the Government nor the

that those who supply the money must
some voice in the disbursing of it.”

FUN WITH FIGURES.

A Frenchman Disports Lightly
Certain Sinister Statistics.

From the Courrier dea Ktale-Unia.

Some people console themselves for every-
thing and find an argument to keep others
from worrying. Every one has read the ac-
count of the slaughter in Manchuria. The
loasea of the Russians in the eight days bat-
tle south of Mukden are estimated at about
49,000 men.
proximately—for they have not yet been
reported—and you find a tall total.

During the eight months since the com-
mencement of hostilities, the losses on both
sidea must have been 200,000 men. But that

 

 

With

amounts to nothing, or so little that the thing |

ig not worth speaking of. The average life
of a man is 89 years on all points of the
globe, and a man dies at the rate of onea
second or u little over. Now the Ruaso-Jap-

anese war has lasted eight months, and dur- |
ing these eight mnonths in all the known world |

we find that the deaths are sixty a minute,
8,000 an hour, 86,400 & day, and 2,597,000 a
month. Therefore, for eight months the
deaths foot up a total of 20,786,000. Now
what do 200,000 inen killed in Manchuria in
eight months amount to compared with the
20,736,000 who have died during the same
yeriod? The proportion is 1 per cent.
just as if somebody discovered that in a
town in which the mortality is usually 150 a
week there died last week 152.

The philosophers who reason in this way
leave little room for an answer. Statistics
@re admirably made for closing people's
mouths. But let us put figures in a_ pleas-
The fortune of France is esti-
mated at about 400 milliards, and its popdla-
tion is about 8&8 millions, Consequently, each
one of us is the happy possessor of about
10,500 franca. But go out into the street and
) @ capital
Nine out of ten will be very
taay ask you to be good enough to mention
the name of your madhoure.

 

Ingenious Use of an Automobile,
From the Philadelphia Record.

Automobiles have been put to many uses,
but it remained for a clever Germantown
electrician to put a machine to a use @s novel
as it was ingenious, though simple at that.
The arc light at the northwest corner of Ger-
mantown and Chelten avenues suddenly went
out on Thursday pight, Kicking the pole end
a doven other familiar methods failed to jar
the carbons into proper position.

Then the lamp was lowered, but all were ,

afraid to touch it, as no one had rubber gloves
or other insulation. The chances of an acci-
é pavement
and dripping lamp. Just then, as the dark-
ness and delay became most vexatious at

that much frequented corner, au automobile |

drove up and its owner got out and went into
the poet office. A happy thought struck
the electrician, and he had a minute's hur-
ried conversation with theowner. The elec-
trician raised the lamp, while the automobili«t
drove the wachine under it. Theu the elec-
trician stood on the automobile, safe with
the protection of insulation from the four
rubber tires, and easily adjusted the carbons,
and there was light again.

 

Exhibition Rules at Tokie.
From the St. James's Gacette.

The following notice was posted up recenuy in |

an art exbivition in Tokio, Japau: “No visitor who
ls mad or Intoxicated is allowed to enter in, if any
person found in shall be claimed to rere. No
visitor Is allowed to carry in with himself any par-

cel, umbrella, stick and the like kind, except his |

purse, and is strictly forbidden to take within
himself dog, or the same kind of beasw. Visitor
is requested to take care of himself from thieviy.”

 

Gaines Never Wanes.
From the Nashville American.

We desire to state officially that the Hon. Jobo
Wesley Gaines is the original Parker man in Ten-
nessee, This distinction weuld have attached
to Blake of-Tenmessee bad Parker been elected
and the prospect of & post office had even faintly

| glimmered on the horizon. Jo such event the credit
As \t Is, au |

would bave gone to Blake, nem. con.
thauks and credit are due to Mr, Gales as the
Columbus who discovered the sage of Esopus.

 

Tears, Idle Tears.
Frowi the Chicage Tribune.
Hark, from the tombs a dojeful sound! Mine
cars attend the ery. “Tis Carl Schurz aitting on @
mound, aud beaVing up e sigh.

-_-_ ,

 

Twe Statesmen Banned.
Fromm the Cleveland Recorder.
It Is practicatiy a “cinch” that nelther Bill Craw
ferd nor Alton Bullion Parker will ever irad an
other campaign.

Comsolation in Defeat.
From the Florida Times Union
The price of whiskey Is falling.

 

Made for Squalis.
“Which side of the house does the baby resembie?”

“The cy 4 cellar
ae, ja

 

 

 

individual |
will realize this obvious fact, nor Recognise \
ave

|

( city

| * ambitions turned exclusively to the pub-
| He @

Add the losses of the Japs, ap- |

‘ pure, open, simple,

Itis |

DR. DAWSON AS EVANGELIST.

He and Dr. Hillis Will Write for the Papers
as Wet! as Exhert.
vz The Rev. Dr. William J, Dawson of Lon-
don, England, began a week of special
evangelistic services in Plymouth Church,
Brooklyn, yesterday morning, with the
Rey. Dr. Newel] Dwight Hillis, the pastor,
assisting. Many prominent clergymen

| from other pulpite in Brooklyn and other
places were in attendance and sat upon the |

platform during the services.

In announcing the week of special ser-
vices Dr. Dawson said bis aim was to reach
non chu and to that end he would
preach and write for the press on the ques-

tion of “Concrete rightdoing rather than
oh aby question of abstract theology.”

“Churches get fearfully flat sometimes,”
he said. ‘Something is needed to atir up
the spirit. Church going is no longer a
badge of respectability. A man no longer
goes to church because his father did eo
The great need is to reach those outside
the church; to spread religion among
those who never enter the inside of a
eburch,” : :

“Our Duty to the Bystander” was the sub-
ject of Dr. Dawaon's sermon. In part
he said:

“I venture to ask you here this morning
whether there is any valid reason why
there should not be a United States of
Europe and America, or we will put America
first and say United States of America and
Europe—American, English, French, Ger-
man, Austrian, Italian, Spanish, Russian—
all of one blood. They follow a common
learning, share common institutions, they
have a common faith, yet they are divided
and suspicious of each other and bitterly
hostile, and why?

“Because of the arrogance of a false
patriotism which is constantly fomenting
strife and misunderstanding. This false
patriotism does something more and some-
thing worse. It b ware. It is the
essence of false patriotism to ridicule and
defame other nations, to jibe and jeer at
their organizations, to underrate their
abilities, to expose their vioes and to flaunt
our own superiority—we are the people,
there is none besides; and so we make our
perpetual jibes at other nations, and the
result is that uncounted millions are wasted

| upon warlike properetccs and rings of

forts upon our frontiers and standing armies
and financial extravagance, followed by
national poverty and a growing spirit of
distrust and hatred, which may at any time
break forth in the ripe flower of war. Are
we not all apt to forget the bystander in
these international rivalries?”

During the week Dr. Dawson and Dr.
Hillis write for newspaper publication
short statements on right aving: nt
day and subj o Kindred
worth. Pu discuss! in the week
night mootings will be held on these state-
mente, in the form of question and answer.

IN MEMORY OF ANDREW H.GREEN

Ans A.ddress Read te His Family on the First
Anniversary of His Death.

The first anniversary of the death of
Andrew H. Green, the “Father of Greater
New York,” was kept by the members of Mr.
Green's family at his old home, Worcester,
Mass., yesterday. Albert E. Henschel, who
had been Mr. Green's private secretary for
years, and was also secretary of the Greater
New York Commission, read the following
address: '

With reverent hands I lay this wreath upon
the earthly remains of my friend and pre-
ceptor, whose gentle deeds of kindness will
ever remain fresh in my memory. In the
years of intimate association with this ex-

ceptional man I have learned to value the high
| qualities of mind and heart that made him
| one of the most eminent and useful citizens

 

 

of the commonwealth.
His public life was practically identified
with the growth and atness of the grea
of the Western Hemisphere. His thoughts

. He was fortunate in having op-
rtunities,

forationsin wellnigh every phase of municipal

life.

| “If we look upon bis work in the Board of

| Education, in the Park Department, in_the
Comptroller's office, in the Greater New
York Commission,

{

|

museums and of other public and charitable |

| institutions, we find everywhere enduring
testimonies to his wise forethought and prac-
tical statesmanship.

His sense of duty, indomitable courage,
rugged, aggressive, uncompromising hon-
esty, manly independence, unfailing sagacity
and ‘unremitting industry were characteristic
factors of his successful career.
traits were mingled with a life singularly

beautiful, mnodest and
unassuming, free from all stamp of show
or luxury; almost always engrossed in study,
hie mind was ever occupied with the planning
of new works wherewith to benefit the people.

the public loss, when a vear ago to-day, the
assagsin’s bullet struck down one of nature's
noblemen—a hero who fought ar people's
battle, attacking wrong and corruption where-
ever it might be found and no matterhow
strongly entrenched.

late that this kind, good, genial man, whose

lameless life has been a séries of good
done, should fall a victim to the mistaken
frenzy of @ maniac. ; :

Distant generations will find in the memori-
ale of his life food for study; when the seeds
he has sown shall be ripened and harvested
then and not until then will the genuine value
of his achievements become manifest.

of hislife. Let us dedicate ourselves to com-
lete what he has left unfinished Let us
honor his memory in the way that would
have been most pleasing to bit, by carrying
forward the public amelioration according
to hie ideals

LABOR SLAPS ITS PALLAS,

Mayor McClellan to Be Asked to Reseind
the Commissioner's Hast Action.

The order of Park Commissioner Pallas |

| abolishing news stands in the City Hall
| Park has nettled some of the unions. They
say that the news stands were hardly notice-
able und anyway they enabled cripples
and poor women to make a livelihood.

Samuel Debs of the Newspaper and Mail
Deliverere’ Union said to the Central Fed-
erated Union yesterday that Mr, Pallas
' was stretching a point when he declared
| this to be a nuisance.

“The stands were very small,” said Debs,
“and the people svlling the papers were not
obtrusive. me of the owners of the

| stands were respectable women who built
up a little clientele of their own,

| uld not act on the complaint of every
crank who comes before him. I believe
| if he saw the stands, or the poor people

| i owned them he would rescind his ac-
tion.”

vertisments on the new library which Mr.
| Pallas insisted were works of art.

It was decided to ask Mayor McClellan
to interfere on behalf of the news stand
owners.

LOVING CUP TO FRANK HARDY,

 

He Voted Every tive Republican in the
Town of Mamareneck.

LakcHMONT, N. Y., Nov. 13
of Frank Hardy gave him a silver loving
cup last night in recognition of the work
that he did at the last election, when Presi-
dent Roosevelt carried the town of Ma-
maroneck, which has long been regarded ar
a Democratic atronghold of Westchester,
by a plurality of 0. The presentation was
made by former Chief Bronson of the Larch-
mont fire departinent at a dinner at Spring-
meyer's Hotel. Chief Bronson also gave
Mr. Hardy a basket of flowers for Mrs.
Hardy. Mr. Hardy accepted the gifts in a
speech and then ordered the loving cup

with champagne and passed around |

the room three times. Speaking of the
election he said:

“The result of the election is very gratify-
ing. The Republicans of the town worked
hard. I don't want to plead guilty to votin
apy ones, but we certainly got out all
the live ones, even to the Chinese laundry-

man.
The dinner was held for the purpose of

' organizing the Frank Hardy Association of

Westchester County. Fifty guests sigped
i

| their names as charter members and
* + | Bronson was elected firet president,

of which he availed himeelf |
n no unstinted measure, to accomplish amel- |

in the directories ofthe |

These |

It je dificult to fathom the true extent of |

It is sad to contem- |

deeds |

Let us study and emulate the example |

Mr. Pallas |

A delegate said that the stands were not |
nearly so atrocious an eyesore as the ad- |

The friends |

     

FREIGHT AUTOS IN. THE CONGO.

Fine Roads New Being Bullt for Trade
tn Trepleal Africa.
A SUN reporter saw the other day a pho-
tograph of a fine wide road walled in on
| either side by dense tropical forests. The
| road was higher in the centre than at the
| sides,and the description said it had been
built in the very best manner and wit},
perfect drainage.

This road and others like it being built in
the region of the upper Congo form part
of the system of routes in the Katanga
| district of the Congo Free State. All of
them are intended for automobile freight
wagons. ‘

Goods from Europe are taken by steamer
and railroad up the Congo River and its
southern affluences, the Kasai and Sankuri,
| to Pania Mutombo, the head of navigation
| on the Sankuri River in the northwestern

corner of the Katanga district. This particu-
| lar road has now been completed from the
| river port for about 100 miles in a south.
| easterly direction toward Lake Moero.
| The streams have been bridged and the
| purpose is to keep the route in good con-
dition for freightage all through the vear
'
|
t
|

With freight automobiles it is expected
that goods will be carried between Stanley
Pool and Lake Moero in less than a mont)).
The distance by the crooked river and
land routes is about 2,000 miles.

Road building is also being pushed with
much energy along the other principal land
routes. Thus the tortuous native paths
are being supplanted in the heart of tropi-
cal Africa by good roads that may be sed
for bicycles, caravans and heavy freight
hauling. Freight carriage on the bachs
of men, long characteristic of tropical
Africa, is dwindling in importance, and far
better and cheaper means of transport are
taking its place.

In addition to these automobile roads
Kutanga is also to have a railroad. The
soutbern part of this region is the beat
mining field yet discovered in tropical
Africa. The prospects seem to be that the
copper mines there are unequalled any-
where in quantity of metal.

Surveys have been begun for the Katanga
Railroad and it is expected before verv long

| to bring mining machinery by steam frei
Europe to the southern frontier of Katanga.
The cost of transporting this excessively
heavy freight is now prohibitive, and the
great mining field cannot have adequate
development until it is linked with th
rest of the world by the best means of trana-
portation.

 

 

BILL SEWELL SEEKS A_ JOR,

Roosevelt's Maine Woods Guide Wants to
Be a Collector of Custems.

Banaor, Me., Nov. 13.—William W.,
better known as “Bill,” Sewell of Island
Falls, who as President Roosevelt's Maine
woods guide has been brought more or less
into the public eye, announces his can-
didacy for the collectorship of the Aroostook
customs district, an office now held by the
Hon. T. H. Phair of Houlton, one of the
most influential men of northern Maine.
| who is serving his second term, which will
opine in about one year.

he district of Aroostook comprises the
entire county of Aroostook except those
towns, plantations and townships on the
line of the Maine Central Railroad, a terri-
tory extending south from the Canadian
line about one hundred miles and about the
same distance east and west. Houlton is
the port of entry and delivery. The office
force comprises eleven special deities
and inspectors, alog inspector and cashier.
The office is said to be good for $2,000 a
year or better.

Mr. Sewell ie making an active canvass
and will be able to show a strong support in
the southern rt of the county. e is
fully capable of filling the office, being well
acquainted with the county, and isaman of °
good business ability.

 

 

 

| GOING TO INVESTIGATE GROUT.
| Civit Service Reformers Condemn the
| Poulticing of MeCooey.

The executive committee of the Civil
Service Reform Association has adopted
these resolutions:

Whereas, on Oct. 5, 194, his Honor the
Mayor, acting upon charges preferred by
this association, removed from office John

H. McCooey, president of the Municipal
Civil Service Commission, for dereliction of
| duty and violation of the Civil Service law
apd rules; and
Whereas, notwithstanding such removal,
on Oct. 22, 1904, Comptroller Edward M
Grout appointed ssid McCooey to an office in
the Departinent of Finance,
Resolved, That this association condemns
{such appointment as amounting to a public
scandal; and
Whereas it has beeu alleged that Comp-
troller Grout has violated the provisions of
the Constitution and the Civil Service las
by making appointments to positions in the
classified service which were influenced by
political considertaious

Resolved, ‘That the chairman appoint &
committee of thre@ to report as fo there &!-

| leged violations at the next meeting of the
executive committee

 

 

AMERICAN FOREST CONGRESS.

It Wil Meet In Washington Jan. 2 to 6
—President Meosevelt WE Address Ut.

WABHINGTON, Nov. 18.-An
forest congress under the auspices of the
American Forestry Association wl] meet
in this city Jan. 2 to 6, 1905.) ‘The purpose

of this congress is to establish a broacde

American

| understanding of the forest in its relation
‘to the great industries depending upon |'
to advance the conservative use of fores!
resources for both the present and the future
need of these industries, aad to stimulae
‘ and unite all efforts to perpetuate (he forest
(as @ anent resource ofethe nation

All who are interested in securing the-e
‘ ende are urged to altend this congress
The fact thet the President of the Untied
States will address the congress and receie
ite members is significant of its national
im ce, while the promised attendan
of many of the foremost men of our 1
dustrial life assures definite and far rea:
ing results from its deliberations.

| CLEAN SWEEP IN) DELAWARE,

Roesevelt'’s Piurallty 4,464 Republican
Cengressman and Legisiature.

WILMINGTON, Del., Nov. 13. ~The official

, count for Presidential electors in (his Stats
| ghowe a total for the three counties of

' 93,714 for Roosevelt and Fairbanks and
19,360 for Parker and Davis, a_pluralily
for the Republicans of 4,454. The Stu's
also electa a Republican Representative
Congress by about the same majority an’
secures a Republican United States Senat:'
to suoceed Senator Ball, The Republican
secure every Btate office and control of the
three county governments

STATE SPELLBINDERS' LEAGC!

Te Give a Big Republican oo
Nevember 30.

The Republican Speakers’ League of the
State of New York was organized vesir'-
day at a meeting of spellbinders in the
Jast campaign held at the Hamilton (ii'
inthe 'l wenty-fifth district, Former Asset!
blyman Frederick A. McGuire, was ele ted
president, George W. Matthews, vice-pre=
dent, and Philip L. Ware, secretars
league is to be affiliated with the Nations
Republican Speakers’ League and ix fo Ki\"
a fn, Woe peed at the Hotel Astor on Nov
Spellbinders from all over the country Te
e@ ming to the dinner.

 

 

Dinner

 

The Seagoers.
Aboard the North German Lioyd strat:

ship Prinzess Irene, in yesterday fr'!!
Mediterranean ports, were

H, Siddons Mowbray, the artist, director!
the American Academy at Rome, Mary |!
Macchi, the new Italian «soprano, whe
appear at the Metropolitan. Joserl He
F. . Dewns, W. D, Hale, James Pore
Harris, Colin Mcintosh, Dr. Giacomo Bala
chi Oddi, the Prince and Princess |
betzkor, W. B. Phinner, Ludlow Oedier >
| Fk. K. Vietor, German Consul at Rich ©