GOSSIP OF THE RACBTRACK,

RUMORS OF REFORMS AT THE
JOCKEY CLUB'S INSTANCE.

Paid Stewards, Together With a New

Starter and ‘a Presiding Judge, Re
| perted te Be Under Consideration
—Thomas’s Friend, Wagner, Will Race.

 

The metropolitan racing season will wind

|
|
up at Aqueduct to-morrow and the fall meet- |
ing of the Washington Jockey Club will be |

ina@urated on Thursday, continuing at

) Bennings until Dec. 3, when the Eastern cam-
paign of 1904 under the government of the
Jockey’ Club will end. Not in many years
has there been so much general dissatisfac-
tion with the turf as expressed by the public
at large. It has been frequently charged
that the stewards have allowed things to
pass unnoticed.

Will there be reforms? Some persons
have spread tne report that the Jockey Club
will have a corps of paid stewarda next year
who will be better fitted to keep an eye open
for scandal than the gentlemen who have
been officiating from day to day without
remuneration. Others have made the obeer-
vation that there will be a general clean
sweep in the matter of officials, including the |
starters and the judges. Jt was said on |
Saturday that a Western man had been prac-
tically engaged to do the bulk of the starting
here neat season, with Mars Cassidy to help
out.’ The newoomer's name was not divulged, |
Dut it is believed that either Jacob Holt- |
man-or Richard Dwyer will be the man, Mr.

Cassidy has been starting with varying suc- |

 

cess. Some days his work has been excélient,
while on other occasions it has caused much
unfavorable comment. Horsemen are agreed
that he has not provided & system of getting
the horees away from the barrier that has
compared favorably with the work of C.J. |
Fitzgerald. Mr. Cassidy, it is understood, |
confidently believes that he can do better |
work with his “walk up” syatem and his |
friends believe that the Jockey Club shorld
permit him to try the scheme again a! }en- |
ninge. {

Those who say they know what the Jockey
Club’s plans are also insist that Joseph &.
Murphy will be regularly employed ou the |
Jocal tracks next season, eltherasan arsocjate
judge or as an assistant handicapper. Mr.
Murphy has been tried and not found wantin«
at both Buffalo and Bennings and, it is under-
stood, stands high in the favor of one of the
most influential stewards of the Jockey Club.
The mix-up over the placing of a horse at
Aqueduct last week is used as further argu-
ment that Mr. Murphy will surely preside
in the stand during another campaign.

As to the proposition that there will be paid
stewards there are different rumors. Francis
Trevelyan, who has been officiating on the
Western tracks this year, has been promi-
nently mentioned, but those who have a line
on inside affairs at Jockey Club headquarters
aay that there is no chance for him. Others
have mentioned Frank J. Bryan, who has
been very successful as a steward at New
Orleans, Chicago and Louisville and only last
week acted as one of the judges at the Pimlico
meeting. The fact that Mr. Bryan has béen
favorably regarded by the Jockey Club pow-
eras for some time past has been takento mean
that he may be elevated to a place of impor-
tance on the local tracks in the course of time.
He has had a long @xperience on the turf
both as a criticand an official, and his reputa-
tion among horaemen is above reproach.

“What the Fastern turf needs,” said an
influential owner yesterday, “is a corps of
wide awake, up to date stewards who are
wise to every kind of a game that may be |
tried by unscrupulous persons, and who can |
pick out the culprits without fear or favor. |
With such men in contro! racing is bound |
to be clean. The public will not stand for |
anything else and the racing associations who
have been reaping the benefits from a finan- |
cial point of view ought to realize that refornis
of this kind are needed. j

' There is nothing to be said in criticiem |
of the stewards who have been racing this
year, although the jockey employed by one |
of them has been severely scored for bad |
riding even by his employer. It seems to nie |
as if the stewards should keep entirely aloof |
from the racing element, if only for the rea- |

gon that familiarity sometimes breeds con- |
|
|
|
|
'

tempt.”

The story will vot down that Kk. R. Thomas
and Alexander Shields have parted company.
At the sale of Mr. Thornas's horses on Satur-
day there wae much comment because the
best of the lot were purchased by J. H. Wag-
vho had never been
identified with the furf before. It was said
that Mr. Warner, who'is a friend of Mr. |
Thomas, simply bought the horses in for the

|

ner, an Australian,

‘latter, but thia was veniphatically denied, Mr.
Wagner insisting thai the horses would carry
his colors next season and would be trained |
by R. FE. Watkins. There have been so many |
queer transactions at the sales this year that |
it is hard to know whether purchases are on
the level or not. Horses have been knocked |
down to bidders only to carry the colors of |
their original owners # few days later. In
Mr. Wagner's case, however, everything
appears to have been sraight and ahove
board.

Etigene Hildebrand, the leading jockey
in the East this year, has made a wonderful
record. Since baginning the campaign at
Aqueduct last spring he has won 177 races,
forty-two more than Fitller won last year
when the latter headed the list. He haa al-
ready left for a winter campaign in Cali-
fornia, but he will return in the spring to |
ride reguierly for Harry Payne Whitney,
from whom it is said he will receive a retain- |
ing fee of $15,000. Hildebrand, unlike Fuller,
has been saving his money. He has made |

, about $30,000 on the season and has invested |
“some of it in Harlem real estate. He is ix
+years old, level headed, well behaved and,
if he takes good care of himself, should
be able to ride for some time to come. He
“was able to ride at 90 pounds last week with-

* out taking unusual exercise

J. G. Cavanagh’s special train for Ben-
nings will leave here over the Pennsylvania
Rafiroad on Wednesday at 3:30PM. Tickets |
and parlor car seats can be obtuined in the |
betfing ring at Aqueduct to-day and to- |
morrow. |

The Babylon Handicap, for two-year-olds,
six furlongs, will be one of the features at |
Aquéduct to-day. James R. Keene's Augur ;
is asked to give weight to a good field, inolud- |
ing Cairngorm, Pirate Polly, Jim Beattie |
Merry Lark, Bank and Oxford. Twenty

i
|
'

horses hava been named for the firat race at
seven furlonge, with Andrew Mack, Water
Pansy, Counterpoise, Coppelia, Arietta,
Juvenal Mexim and The Huguenot the best.
In the second event, for two-year-old fillies,
five furlongre the consistent Coy Maid, w ho
has won her 1st five races, will probably be
backed to beat Zealu and Santa Catalina.
In the handicap for all ages, at a mile, Lord |
Badge, Carbuncle, New York, Graoeful, &t.
Valentine and Crown Prince may go well,
Lord Badge is also named to go in the Afth
race, at a mile and a sixteenth, with Akela, j
Thespian, Andrew Mack, Consideration, |
Prince Salm Salm and King Pepper possible
factors. Maiden two-year-old fillies will
make up the last race, at five furlongs, with
Inspiration, Campo, Long Days and Black |
Cat having chances. The entries are as |
follows: |

!

  

Firet Race—Selling: seven furlongs:
Cannon Bs!i.. 118; Homest A 106
The pegueset 108 Cottage M 100 ae
Fal se 106 Pat nee cs e+ AOE |
ina : 106 Water Pansy. 190 i
uBterpoise.. .106| Andrew Mack. ..
evene..: k tes! Zuvenel Maat. oo!
Ooppel ++ ‘ ‘Broo nite se
Silver Days... 104 Rob Nas é S
Tard of the Valley... .104 Olaf
Neptunus... 104 | Arietie ~
roeeee Race—For two-year-old filles; five fur-
Spy Maid 110s8enta Catalina. 108
rale..... 110 !

Third Race—The Babylon Handicap, for :
year-olds; siz furlongs: : . we

113/Bank 100
Calrngorm 10¥ Oxford. 100 |
Pirate Poll 100 | King Cole ft
ie Beattie. 108 Caeur de Lion.. to
erry Lark 106)
Fourth Rece—Handicap, one mile:
Eugen paren. ibe ihe au uenot 107 |
5 le race
Sf. Valentine . 116|Comsidera tion. ie
Stowe Prince Ne roe =. 3]
. | !
hee va tag) ere wi

With Race—Selling; one mile and a sixteenth:

‘

 

fe
| Bad

| J. Boland, who rod

| contest to be deem

jan wo ;
. s. i °
Private A. S. Walker, Company B38 we Ca
Private D.C. er, Company C.....B1 =
Corporal C. M. Kervan, Company B. m o
L. Lb, Clarwe, veteran — 2 66
NOVICE MATCE.*
Private W. G. Ritot, Company na mM Bh
Private F.C. Neble, Compan, r 27 x s
Private F. Ward, Company i 31 th
The following qualified as sharpshooters:
Privaie J. P, Felt, Ooi G, $3, 28-6): Private |
JR. Mecoume, ay ea: £1. Clarke, |
v . 1. 31-82; 8. t, Com
& 9 a: ettaie W. S. Metasner, Compaey k |

| cricket teama that visited America in

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
    

108 | Beverly... 0.0 ccc eee »
-106/Stolen Moments. ‘
+++, 108 Consideration......

see 03 Andrew Mack.
“as Ring Peppe
' ng Pep
peri cpece Salm

 

 

  
  

SRI°L=2E3

Salm .

Yor

  

Sixth Rate - mataen two year-old fillies:
five furlongs:
COMPO. eee ee MOBI MOTHO. cee 108
Tallulai . 108|Inspiration...... 108
Lady Alvis. 108 Long Days... 108
Bedelia... . 108; Annie Ryssell 108
Matd of Timbuctoo., 108 Black Cat. 108
Blue Pigeon..........108'|Garment 108

Jeckey Clab Stewards Infiict Penalties.

At a meeting of the stewards of the Jockey
Club held at the Aqueduct race course on
Saturday the following dates were granted
the Buffalo Racing Association: Saturday,
dune 10, to Saturday, July 16, 1005, inclusive. |
On the report of the stewards of the Maryland |

|
}

Jockey Club the license granted to Jockey
e the horse Melrose in the
fifth race at Pimlico on Nov. 7, was revoked
and J. H. Tabler, who trained said horse, was
declared ruled off the turf‘under rules 144
and 150. The application of P. McDermott |
for a jockey's license was denied.

 

GOLF.

Fixtures On at Atiantle City and Lake
weed.
|

Secretary Edge will put a stop chegk ‘on
the entries next Wednesday night, acaution
to be heeded by those who-wieh to play in
the open fall golf tournament of the Atlantic
City Country Club next Thureday, Friday
and Saturday. There will béa cup for every
sixteen to return cards, besides several open
medal play events and spécial contests,
such as a driving competition and one at
approaching and putting. Indications point
to the largest field at Atlantic City in five
seasons, and, from the standard of high class |
golf, there will be great interest in the show-
ing made by W. C, Fownes, Jr., who won the
tournament last. fall and has ,since gained
the champlonship of western Pentisylvgnie.
There will be many of note to try a falPthis
time with the Pittsburger. :

Will Smith's victory {n the first open cnam-
pionship of New Jersey, at the Lakewood
Country Club, was a triumph of fine golf, and
from all other standpoints the tournament
Was a success. It seems a pity that some-
thing of the sort may not be arranged at one
of the Metropolitan Golf Association links |
this fall for the professionals. The Metro- |
politan Golf Association, although the pro-
fessionals sent a petition to it at least once
asking that af open'championship be made
a part of the ‘annual championship, has
assumed a dog-in-the-manger policy in the
matter. The play at Lakewood was the
result of a subscription of $800 by the Bal-
tusrol, Montolatr, Essex County, Englewood

 

and Lakewood clubs, and the New Jersey
Golf Association had no part in the manage-
ment. There‘are half a dozén links avail-
able, and no bettér way to celebrate Thanks-
giving could be had thon for a club to get
up a tournament for the hard working “pros”
of the M.G. A. district.

On account.of, the viblent rainstorm there
was nor a Yall stuck at the Country Club of
Lakewood yesterday and the double pro-

amme had to be quashed. The plan had
een to have a foursome competition in the
morning between pairs mate up of a profes-
sional and an amateur,and four ball matches
on the same basis tn the afternoon, the latter
thé firet of an annual
fixture in:oc@ennection with the New Jéraéy
open championship. « < ;

4ithough ‘William. A. Hamilton, after many
seasons of volunteer services is understood
to have absolutely declined « reelection,
his name appears as h ry secrétary of
the Country Club.of Lakewgod on the cit-
cular of conditions for the open fall tourna-
ment. Golfers in ali parts of the country
will be.pleased if the imprint is a sign that
Mr. Hamilton has changed his mind and will
uguin serve in the office. The open tonrna-
ment will be on Nov, 24, 25 and 26. As usual
at the fall tournament, the qualifying round
will be at. eighteen holes, for a low score prize
and inatch play cups and runner up prizes
for the Grat. Senor and third sixteens. On
Friday there will béan elehteen hole scratch
medai play contest for thoaé who have missed
aualifying, and there will be two hendicaps
on Baturday, with two prizes in each, an all
day event of eighteen holes and an afternoon
event of eighteen holes

The following question and answer in the
last Golf Illustrated may interest the Boston
Women’s Golf Association and others who
seek a reform in the personality of the cad-
dies at the championship. Note the im-
plication that at Sham plopehipe prof essioual
caddies are the best form, which does not
mean professionals as caddies:

rQNOwAMUB.Q.— WIth reference to rule No. 38, |
can Pdwin whot carrying Angelina's clubs in a |
jadies’ competition be coasideréd to be @ caddie |
for the time being. and can he, as such, advise |
her In any way and also keep her score? |

A.-There is no absolute rule defiuing the status |
of caddies, bul la competitions we think that com. |
petitors should only Rave the services of profes. |
stonal caddies. The object should be to place the

'

 

competitors as nearly as possible on level terms
and {: ts quite possible, without suggesting any
unfalr dealing, tha: Augelina might gain an ad
vantage over other competitors who have not
their Fasin's moral sapport and advice to help

them

Ip the fifth competition for the governor's
cup at the Highland Golf Club on Saturday,
sixteen took part, but only six returned curds,

The scores: ; i
J. H. Redfield, 101, 12-80 N. Harrison,

112, to 92: B. KR. Van Tamsel, 106, 12 94:0. 7
Fatte, 07, © 97; ©. A. Lesener, 112, 14-08, |

Ww
C, Joost, Jr., 112, 14-98

INTERLEAGUE BASEBALL,

Tayler ef Bastion. Suggests New Plan for ;
Post Season Games.

|
Boston, Nov. 13.—President John J. Taylor }
the Boston American League Baseball |

 

 

of
Club will at the next meeting of the American |
League offer a plan that he hopes will eolve |
the post season problem for the major league
clubs. His idea is to have the eight chibs
of each league meet at the close of the season
for a series of ganies, the teams to be tnatched
according to the itions they hold at the
end of the champlonship season in their re-
spective leagues. As a meeting of the tail- |
enders might lack interest, Mr. Taylor would |
be willing to cut out these two clubs }
His plan provides for the pooling of trav- |
eHing experser, 6o that Pg two clubs located |
at the extremé@ enda of thé Circuit would suffer |
disproportionately’ with the others in ex-
penses in thie respect, Mr. ‘taylor figures
that the players would work to get a good
position, knowing the benefit that would
come to them from these games. The players
would receive the bulk of the gate money,
cae winner in each series taking the largest
ehare.

oe

 

Pickens and Aute “@0®" Reinstated.

Historic “990,” the firat great racing auto-
mobile of American make, the car with which
Oldfield madé@ his first record of a mile in
less than # minute and with which the maker
of it, Henry Ford, made hie record of a mile
in 30 4-5 seconds on the ice, is back in the game
again. W._H. Pickens, ite present owner,
has found it useless to,fight the American
Automobile Association nae yesterday he
paid his fine of 8750 and t eqrapned Chair.
man A. R. Pardingjon of the A. A. A. racio
board that he woulti be good in future an
recognize all the rules of the A. A. A. Pick-
ens was under suspension for racing at un- |
sanctioned meéts and he tried to go ahead
and iguore the A. A. A. He soon found
however, that his entry was being declined
for meets promoted by regular clubs, and as
he wanted to race against Oldfield at Salt
lake City yesterday, he gave in and paid up.
Bert Fuller is driving the “999° for Pickens

 

Seventh Regiment Rifle Sheeting.

A prone clase and novice match were the
events of the Beventh Regiment Rifle Club
held in the armory on Saturday night.

PRON CLASS MATCR,

Private A. 8. Walker, Company B, qualifi
as an expert with 65 deliberate, 7
fre, total, 142.

rapid

 

Death ef a Noted Cricketer.
L. J. Randers, who conducted the English
IRRS

be body last at Exeter,
ate of Cambriaes |
against Oxfor

and 1886, digd the week
Saplend. ori a
and represented the light b

| in the annual matches of 1872, 1873 and 1874

| had.

; team

Pet

The ae

IN THE FOOTBALL WORLD.

POINTS BROUGHT TO LIGHT BY
YALE-PRINCETON GAME.

 

 

ee eee + oF te ay Bieotes ee

|
|

 

Ells in Excellent Condition After the Cone |

test and Take a Trip Up the Hudson
--Twe Opinions as to Next Saturday
—Cornell and Columbia—Total Scores.

The Yale backs did better work all through
the gridiron grapple of last Saturday than
Princeton's, and yet much had been said of
Princeton's speedy backs. Individually they
were of the dashing type, but it always has
been the case in football that the line makes
the backs. If the line is strong it will make
the back look good, and if the line is weak
the best kind of a backfield will be made
to look ineffective. But aside from the ques-
tion of the line, the Yale backfield was

| stronger, more versatile and just as speedy
as Princeton's throughout the seuson.

It is worthy of note of the Yale backfield
that the season was half over before the
coaches began to have any idea of its final
make up, this with the possible exception of
Owsley, and even he was being tried at quar-
ter back. And it may be said that by putting
in 8. Morse or Veeder the backfield can be
made still faster, though it would be weak-
ened some in the kicking game. There was
an unusual amount of experimenting with
the Yale backfield this season. They sift
material just as thoroughly at Yale as any-

; Where, but decide on the men quicker.

“I think we'll lick ‘em,” said Mike Murphy,
the Yale trainer, last Friday night, “because
we kuow more football.”

That was a moat apt sizing up of the situa-
tion. Not taking into consideration the
physical ability of the’ men, there seemed
to be more football instinct, more insight,
more ability to grasp the possibilities of
situations in the Yale men than in their Tiger
rivals. Mentally, as well as physically,
they knew more football.

So the Yale backs made the secondary
defence stronger than Princeton's secondary
defence. They were able to diagnose more
quickly where the opposing attack was
coming. THE SUN pointed out that in the
Yale-West Point and Yale-Princeton games
the Yale backs were a bit quicker in reaching
the point of attack. This also was true in
the Yale-Princeton game. In offence the,Yale
backs, as did the whole Yale team, did better
than their opponents because the Yale attack
was better organized. It was more varied,
amootherand morethorough. There wae more
football in it, and a higher grade of football.
It was the best shown on an Eastern gridiron
this year, Princeton's attack was powerfully
driven at times, but lacking in cohesion and
conviction and inclined to be spasmodic.

The Tigers did not appear to be sure of
themselves, and that has been true of them
all season. The polish, quick resourceful-

mY oe ree ae eG
I ‘ ik Op ; -

nents, 40 (nine games).

 

 
 

‘high, he we ight gam
. o . | . °
liams, 96; Op hOmenia, 91 (nine aimee) Swarth:

more, 158; opponents, 22 (elght games). George-
town, 181; opponents, 14 (oaven ames). rdham
99; opponents, 6 (ive games). ~Syracust, 808; op:

ponents, 36 (elght games). Dickinson, 178; op:

nents, 41 (Mine games). Pennsylvania State,
22; opponents, .h) (seven games). Union> 96;
Opponents, 21 (six games). Wesleyan, 100; op:
| ponents, {52 (nine games). Colgate, 278; oppo-
hents, 9 (eight games). Holy Cross, 53; opponcnis
126 (eight games), New York University, 4;
opponents, 125 (seven games). Rochester. 110;
opponents, 64 (eight games). Fxeter, 188; op
ponents, 12 (seven gaines). Andover, 161; op:
ponents, 35 (seven games). Michigan, 5f5; op
ponents, 22 (tem games). Minnesota, 696; Op:
ponents, 12 (eleven gaines). Chicago, 301; Op:
ponents, 33 (eleven games).

nese, cool resolve of other Princetou teains |

was missing. There was a more slambang,

to get a more powerful offence—and Pripce-
ton football history of recent years shows
that it is needed—sufficient progress had not
been made this season to cope with the long
established and thorough Yale system.

Princeton's defence against West Point,
as has been pointed out,was as good as Yale's
in the line—a bit better, in fact, because the
Princeton forwards charged better. But
the Princeton forwards could not get this
charge on the Yale forwards, and evidently
big strides in imparting celerity to the line
were made at New Haven in two weeks of
secret practice. Princeton's defence was
not as seasoned as Yale’s- had not been as
well tested. Yale's has been good all season;
Princeton's was uncertain most of the season,
Possibly in their desire to get an up-to-date
offence the Tiger teachers took up defence
too late.

The Princeton team impressed some who saw
itat different times as one that might become
rattled. At any rate it made more mistakes
than the Blue last Saturday, There ts this
consolation at Princeton: there is a good
nucleus left over for next year, including the
two tackles, Cooney and Stanard; Dillon
at guard, Tooker, end; Tenney, Miller, Ritter
and McCormick in the back fleld, and Dutcher
centre. The last named will be better in
another year—a steadier passer and not so
flighty. .

The Yale plavers came out of the game in
eacellcat condition. No serious bumps were
Bloomer’s shoulder suffered no further
inconvenience, Shevlin’s lame leg was as
good as before the game, and Owsley «p-
peared to be all right. The eleven as it lined

| up againat Princeton can take the field againat
Yesterday morning |

Harvard in good shape
the Yale men went up to Ardsley-on-the-Hud-
son for a change of air for a day or ao. The
was not all in to win the
game, and their strength at the finish showed
they had something in reserve, Their vic-
tory was thorough, and their work impressive

lt has been Mgured out that Yale gained
124 yards by rushing in the first half to 38
for Princeton, aud in the second half Yale

rushed the bali &! yards to Princeton's 41,

making the total 210 for Yale to 9 for Prince-
ton. Yale made 36% yards on punts to Prince-
ton’s 364. Yale ran back kicks 4 total of 99
yards to 70 for Princeton. Yale was pena-
lized a total of 30 yards to 25 for Princeton
The slippery condition of the fleld was no
more of a nandicap to Princeton than to
Yale, The Yale men were a bit heavier, but
just as fast. A slippery field would militate
against end runs, but on the dry fleld at West
Point the Tigers did little in this respect

\\ hile the veterans on the Vale team per-
formed as war expected of them in most cases,”
says Bert Waters of Harvard, “two new men on
the Yale line showed up well, namely, Tripp

$< ee

Princeton |

and Neal. Both did yeoman service for their
team, and though not always conspicuous
were where they ought to be. Stanard,
the new man at Princeton, from whom much
was expected, was something of a disap-
pointment, and no way equalled Cooney, |
who at all times was a tower of strength to
Princevon.

“The game was nota great game, in that

where the team showing the better funda-
mental foothall and the best teain work wou
so decisively as almost to inspire the belief
that it could have rolled up a bigger score
had it wished todo so.

“aga means of comparison for the game
yet inthe future for the Yale team, it is heavy
with prophecy. Both teams played harder,
better football than Harvard has shown
in any game as yet, The latter may have
found herself in the game with Moly Croas,
and may show surprising improvement next
Saturday, but they will be obliged to piay
more vicious, businesslike football to cone

within hailing distance of a win from the Eli
team at New Haven.”
James L.. Knox of Harvard is more hopeful.

He saye: “Properly applied, the power in
the Harvard team would aurprise many
| «a doubter, and 1 look to see it brought into

play and | look for better judement than was ,

With the winning of the game with Cornell
Columbia's football season of 1904 has assed
into history. Whatever may be the feelin
over the nonetoo good showing agains
other of the big teams, the general senti-
ment about the year is one of gracitude that
there was a victory with which to wind up
Columbia was in unusually good condition
for the struggle, and only on one occasion
Was a cali for tine out necessary for the
local players. That was when Muir had to
be taken from the gaine. Columbia was
much the better in every department in the
first half. Her attack advanced the ball
about 156 yards, while Cornell gained only
about 44 yards on rushes. Columbia was
unfortunate in the openin period. Three
times the ball was within fifteen yards of a
touchdown, only to be lost, On Cornell’s
1 yard line the pigskin was lost because of
a misplay by Metzinthin. He called Brown
behind the line and should have sent the play
against Cornell's’ left wing. Instead, the
signal sent Fisher through the right side of
the Ithaca line, where only Echeverria and
Post were in play againat four Cornellians.
As a result, Fisher was thrown for no gain
and the ball went to Cornell. Again, when
Metzenthin had made « quarter back run
which carried him to within ten yards of
the line, it was found when the heap un-
tangled that a Cornellian had the ball. Co-
lumbia has to learn by bitter experience the
same lesson that West Point taught Yale,
and that is to hold the ball tighter.

Thorp was in every play, and broke up
most of Cornell's formations. It was he
who made the first touchdown, kicking the
ball over the line and dropping on it. here
was a little incident connected with the play.
Duden, w played an exceptionally fast
game at right guard, ¢alled out to Thorp,
when Metzenthin dropped back for the kick,
“Come on, Tommy; we'll beat the ends
down!” Both Duden and Thorp broke
through and bore down on Rice, Duden
helped make the tackle, and when Rice
dropped the ball Duden yelled, “Kick it,
Tommy: kick it!” Thorp booted the leather
and fell on it for a touchdown, It will be re-
membered that in the Yale-Columbia game
Metzenthin, after dropping 4 pubdt, ran after
the balland kicked it. It went out of bounds.
“Metz” however, was trying to do the Pathe
that West Point afterward successfully tried,
so that Columbia was really the first to in-
augurate the trick, Capt. tangland of
Coluinbia said after the Cornell game that he
thought that thie trick would eventually be a
regular feature of the game. He expected to
see every big college make use of the ground
kick next season.

For many of the Columbia team last Satur-
day's game was the last they will play. Duell,
Fisher, Stengland, Brown, Finnegan, Metz-
enthin and Buell will not be on the Columbia
team next year. Muir, Thorp, Echeverria,
Duden, Post, Carter, Donovan, O'Loughlin
Helinrich und Kruger of the men who played
in the big games will be in college and eligible
for the eleven. Who is to be next years
captain will be decided ina day or so. Doc

hurricane, ripping attack, but in this effort | Payne, the trainer, left last night for his hone

in Cleveland. It is understood that he will be
the trainer next season. In all probability
Morley, will again be the coach of the eleven.

To Tak Eprtor op THR SuN--Sir: A correspond.
ent signing himself “V. A.” in Thursday's Scun
endeavor to correct the prevailing impression
that the high schools of the West have teams of
good calibre. Explanations of defeats can always
be laboriously presented. But !t approaches the
ridiculous to attempt to explain away & score of
1mtoo “V. A.” says: “The Western high schools
may play good football, but they have pot shown
us.” This failure "to show" ts elaborated in the
letter by a convincing argument that the defeated
Brooklyp schoo! team was not entitled to the East-
ern championship. That was hardly the fault
of the Western team. They played an eleven
acknowledged before the game to be at least fairly
representative and overwhelmed the Fastern
schoolboys by a humorous score. The football
experts Who Witnessed the game seemed to think
that they played very good football.

Why do so many in the Fast find {t necessary
to belittle the Western athietest “V. A.” refers
to Michigan's unwelcome! attempts to “butt In”
to the Pastern schedules. I do not think that
Yale, for example, as “V. A.” asserts, thinks that
Michigan Is not worth while. The big teams In
the East have very dificult schedules and are re-
Iuctant (0 add any more gruelling contests. But
the self-satisfied sense of Eastern superionty and
disdain of the West displayed in your correspond
eot’s letter, fortunately for the sportsmanship of
the East, does not exist among those close to the
athletic councils of the big Eastern colleges.

The persistent dinning of the fame of Michigan
into Eastern ears can only be explained by records.
Durine the four years of Yost and the new game
at Michigan the only Eastern teams met were second
or third raters. The scores were: Michigan, 2%;
Caritale Indians, 0. Michigan, 12%; Ruffalo. 0:
Michigan, 182; West Virginia, 0. Chicago played
West Point Isst yearand was defeated by a field
goal in a game in which the two teams displayed
cous) sirengih, Faastern critics ithe 10 refer to
this as a measure of the West. Kow many even
meuuon that Michigan has fer three scars In suc
cession defeated Chicago about 30 to 0°

No one accuses the. big Pasterp teamsof fear
It Is to be hoped that one of them wii! overcome the
dimcuities and make It a point tn the interest of
good sport, !fnot for loral prestige, to try oul the
merits of. the famous Westerners, and that In the
meanwhile the maniiness of the Fast will prevail
over the childish methods of belittling and sneer
ing at the achievements of the West, whence In
ail branches of sport ‘many of the beat athietes
have come even to strengthen the ranks of Fasten
colleges, 4

New Vore, Nov. 10, 1.1

The Syracuse University team will finish its
season With the game at West Pot on Nov
19. The Syracuse team ts in good condition
and will be of about equal weight with the
Army eleven. Syracuse has developed rap-
idly this season. Starting with almost en-
tirely new material. the first demonstration of
its strength against Yale has been followed
by « powerful attack, resulting in heavy
scoring. The soeore of 144 points in 38 min-
utes is phenomenal against any team, and
Manhattan held the strong Lafayette teain
to $4 points the week previous,

Although New York University was thor-
oughly defeated by the Army eleven, the
followers of the local college, with whom
hope springs eternal, were greatly encouraged
by the showing made by the team against
overwhelming ds. The New York team
war outweighed fully twenty pounds a man
Aas the New York players came out of their
hardest. contest. without anything more
serious than a few bruises and discolored
eves, there is no reason why the tearn should
not be in topnotch condition for the annual

ame with Union next Saturday. Coach
fitz had ample opportunity in the West
Point game to see the sisong and weak points
of his team. That Fultz has developed an
exceptionally strong attack for so fight 4
back fleld wae shown by the frequent first
downs made through the Army lines,

Princeton, Nov. 18--At a meeting of

-rine eleve f
it lacked spectacular features, and was one | the Princeton football eleven last night James

displayed by the master minds at Princeton. |

Knowing thie, |
Saturday with
the outcome.”

If there was one thing in which the Cornell
team was supposed to excel if was speed in
attack. If there was one thing in which the
Cornell team was astonishingly weak last
Saturday it wae in slowness in attack.
hesitating, faltering, disjointed game by #
big team rarely has been seen bere so late iv
the season. Pennsylvania's chances of going
through the season without a defeat are ex-
cellent, unless the Cornell team: was exper-
jencing a tremendous slump against Colum-
bia and recovers from the slump.

yhatever may have been Cornell's faults,

Columbia's victory was none the less a highly
orpaltadie one, for unless Columbia had taken
a brace and played with determination and
team work she would not have been able to
profit by Cornell's weakness, Columbia
strength plazed a part as well as Cornell
weakness. We were told before the game
that if Columbia won at all it would be by
trick pire. endrunsandthelike. And yet the
wily Morley turned out a team that went in
for theese thing» but little, but was strongest
in straight line bucking football.

a rather optimistic view of

Total scores to date:

uch a |

shall go to New Haven next |

' Jatier

T. Cooney of Scranton, Pa., the big Tiger
tackle, was elected captain for next year
Cooney, who is a sophomore, har played
left tackle on the Princeton eleven for two
years and was one of the most consistent
playere on_the team this fall. He was the
strongest Princeton man in the Yale game
yesterday and has a brilliant record on the

gridiron. Besides being a @ football
layer, Cooney is & star man in baseball
fie was catcher on the Princeton team which

woo from Yale last June. © war vice-
president of the freshman clasa in his firat
year and is one of the most popular men in his
class, He is 24 years old, welghs 185 pounds
and is 5 feet 10's inches tall. His election
meets the hearty approval of the entire col-

lege. :

‘ith the exception of Capt. Foulke all of
the ‘liger players came out of (he game with
Yule yesterday little the worse for wear

ee

THE. SUN, MONDAY, - NOVEMBER} 1

|
|

|
|

Foulke, however, broke one of his ribs and |

will be laid up foratime. The result of yea-
terday’s game was somewhat of @ surprise
to the majority of Princeton a#tudents, and
the belief is general here that if the fleld
had not been in such « condition of slipperi-
ness the score would have been different.
Every one thought the team this year was
Just as strong as and speedier than last year's
eleven,

 

New Havex, Nov. 13.- Yale's ‘warsity
football squad will spend the next two or
three days at Dewitt Cochrane's home at
Ardeley-on-the-Hudson. It was given out
here to-night that moat of the coachés went
there with the players to direct euch light
practice as will keep the Yale giants from
stiffening up or going stale after the Tiger
meet. The ‘varsity will be back in time for
Wednesday afternoon's practice. On Wed-
nesday and Thureday there will be light
signal practice and work ou formations
Yale men to-night are of the opinon, basing
t on the result of. yesterday's game, that
the Blue will win ge arvard next Sator-
day, It was said that the. Yale team was
saved as much an ible in yesterday's
second half, with the Harvard game in view.
The squad of substitutes returned to New
Haven to-day and will keep up the regular
practice until the ‘varsity returns

 

Feetball Notes.

‘The Erasmus Hall High School football team \s
dissatisfied with the outcome of the game with the
Boys’ High School team on election day, when the
won 6 to & Jt contends that the referee

) penalized {i fifteen yards four times without good
‘ reason and that the game should be played over

Harvard, 116; opponents, 16 (nine games). Vale,
208; opponents, 20 (len games rinceton, 181,
oppoeenis, MH (ten games). Columbia, i) op
ponents, 68 (eleven games). Penpsyivanio, 18
opponents, 4 (eleven games), West Polini, 104;
op’ ents, 22 (seven games) Arrapolis, Us
o nents, 7% (eight games). Corneil, 2%: op
ponents, 68 (nine games). DPartmourh. 131, op
poneuts, & (elebt games). Amherst, 165: oppo
nents, 21 (eight games). Lafayetie, 211: opponents
2 (nine games). Brown, 176; opponents, 3 cten |

\ friend of the Frasmus team ha promised to give
a sliver cup as a troph: If the High School teem
agrees‘o play the game over, So far aa the refcree
ix concerned li may be sald that bls work was im

rital and thoroughly good. So was the umpire's
Trasmus lost on the mertis of the pia)

 

. ee ae

THE HORSE SHOW LUNCHEON,

DIRECTORS ENTERTAIN JUDGES
AND, EXHIBITORS,

 

 

P, J. Murphy Speaks and Pays a Glowing
Tribute to the Late William C, Whitney
~—Horses Tried Over the Jumpa—Show
to Open This Morning—Programme.

The officers and directors of the National
Horse Show Association yesterday enter-
tained the exhibitors, judges amd others
interested in the horse and in the show this
week in Madison Square Garden, This
luncheon is an annual affair, and, a6 usual,
it was well attended. Those present frater-
nized and talked horse, It is at this luncheon
that they are brought together once 4 year,
and the good things they eat and drink open
their hearts and create the best of feeling.

The exhibitors forget they are to compete
for prizes, and while each one was certain
yesterday that he had the best lot of horses,
each modestly refrained from saying 60.
The judges, too, who will be criticised for
their work in the ring and who aré naturally
reserved, chatted and talked, and for the tin @
even the exhibitors declared them to be the
best of good fellows, That was yesterday.
To-day all will get down to business, and it ts
probable that opinions will be changed.

President Cornellus Fellowes presided.
His white beard and white hair are not a bit
whiter than they were years ago, when he
first became identified with horse shows.
Secretary John G. Heckscher was there, and
those who remember him at the first horse
show in 1883 declare he is younger than he
wasthen. Treasurer H. H. Hollister, who has
handled all the funds that the horae shows have
turned over, is as enthusiastic as ever about
the succeas of the exhibition, and declared
that, if possible, it would be better than any
previous show. Assistant Secretary James
T. Hyde shows a tinge of gray in his hair.
He is often called the father of horse shows
in this country, He is still young looking in
spite of the fact that his offspring is old
enough to vote. Baron George Drakeley,
who knows every one, was there.

Commodore Frederick G. Bourme, who is
as enthusiastic about horses as he is about
yachts and automobiles, was another of the
old guard. Ralph N. Ellis, who used to show
years ago, has come back to hia first love
this year, and he was present. So was Hain-
ilton W. Cary, A. Butler Duncan, who owns
a ranch in Texas; T. Wilfred Houldsworth,
who recently bought several English horses,
which will be seen thie week: F. Vivian Gooch,
the English dealer who is to pass on saddle
horses; Louis Haight, a well known rider;
Thomas A. Maitland, well known as a coach-
ing club man; F. K. Sturges, Robert Whit-
worth, H. N. Bain, C. A. Van Rensselaer,
Clarence F. Levin, George Pepper, the Can-
adian horseman; Samuel T. Peters, Reginald
C. Robbins, Col. A. L. Mills, Alfred E. Maclay,
W. P. Ross from England, H. H. Hollister,
Jr, J. Howland Hunt; P. A.. C. F. and J. A.
Hart, all of the Richmond County Hunt;
Albert (. Hall, well known in trotting horse
circles; H. F. Eldridge, W. 8, Elliott, R. F.
Carman, W. H. Catlin, Gen. J. B. Castleman,
Z. W. Colt, W. FE. Curtis, Franklin Copeland,
Charles FE. Bunn, H. kK. Bloodgood, David
Bonner, Joseph Agostini and hosts of others
were present.

The luncheon over, President Fellowes
welcomed all present and announced the im-
portant fact that this was really the twenty-
first horse show and that it was old enough
to vote. He told how it hed grown from
small beginnings to the big thing it ia to-day.
Then there were loud cries for Murphy, and
P. J. Murphy, who ie president of the Mark
Crose Company, responded to the call. Mr.
Murphy is a Dublin University man and has
the happy faculty of telling wholesome truths
in a way that pleases all and he soon had every-
one in the best of humors. He said

‘Gentlemen, I congratulate you and myself
on being present at this auspiciouk occasion
Our thanks are due to the president and
directors for having created an ocoasion to
which it is a distinction to be inwited. Our
feelings toward the board of directors are
somewhat similar to the emotions of that dear

old gentlewoinan who said to the new curate:
‘We never knew what sip was unt vou came
among us.’ Had it not been for this par-
ticular president and board of directors
we never should have known what a horse
show was, at least one of the quality and dis-
tinction that this institution now occupies
to this country, +

The management seems to be possessed
of that jost geniue in the artiet the gis of
omission, what not to do and what not to
see. [Twenty-one years ago they rolled their
relentless wheels over and in 1901 it comes up
amiling, the hardiest of all hardy annuals
This horse show presents the human nature of
avast community, It records life not as the
‘Pilgrim's Progress,’ but as ‘Vanity Fair.’
It brings together more well bred, hand-
somely gowned women than have ever nesem-
bled in any city in the world, proving con-
cluaively that the horse is a useful animal

“Even in the horse the female seems _
outshine the male in beauty- they have such
fascinating weaknesses. This horse show
is the inid-current of fashion, and every
woman desires to be in the awim, like
that fashionable widow who replied to an
invitation to a dinner that owing to the death
of her husband she could not accept unless

her hostess could assure her that the dinner
his is the opening of |

would be very dull
the social season. The pendulum of pleasure
will now begin its swing It will illustrate
the truth of that delightful aphorism, ‘the
best of all ways to lengthen our days is to
steal a few hours from the night.”

“To select winners and reward merit is a
problem, for it is one of the melancholy ex-
periences of human life than a man’s judg-
ment is liable to err. No one is infallible
not even the youngest of us. It is a trait of
human nature that parents are always par-
tial to their deformed children and men
breeding horses are apt to think most highly
of their own production, The pride of the
farm is brought here expecting icognition
and reward) There in his locality, he was
king among good horses: here he
self simply a good horse among kings

There is_an old proverb: ‘Show me the
horse they drive and I will tell you the kind
of people they are.’ To supplement this it

was the opinion of one of the ablest thinkers |

to | and possibly to

 

D CARRIAGES.

“SAVE-TH

REGISTERED

 
 
 

 

 

E-HORSE"

SPAVIN CURE

 

| at the Fasie-Tipton sale at Sheepshead Bay, a yearling by Esher —Excellenza was being soid

Sept. 7
byMr. Witlain Faston, and when the animal was led
from a bog spavin, of which practically

lots of great
this colt wlll ever take a lame step.”
Mr. J. D. Smith.

In no trace remains.

“‘Mave-the Horse,’ which all of you know, and | did save the horse; that is, It cured him.
horses, Morelio and others, were successfully raced, and there is no reason to expect that
The bidding opened then at $259, and the colt was sold for $4») ww

rn

he said: “This horse has been suffer
© was treated with that remedy called
Now. you know

into the rin

fi

Private Stables Jas. Galway, Race Track, Saratoga, N. y

I got a bottle of
bone, curing It entirely.

it on a strained Pastern Joint which made horse very lame; !t cured this also.
It has never falied to cure an

of “Save-the-Horse.”
Jas Galway of 812 W. 56th st., New York, Owner of

“Save-the Forse” first of Moseman & Biro. of New York, and used the same on ring
T next used “Save-the-Horse” on two splints and cured them.

Have also used
:, TP predict a great outpyt
case I used |ton--EDWARD FEAKES, Tralucr fu;
eltonian and other noted horses

kr

 

PER BOTTLE.
bottle, as binding

$5.00

Written guarantee with every
to protect you as the best legal!

talent could make It.

Positively and Permanently Cures

Bone and Bog Spavin,

Ringbone (except low

Ringbone). Curb, Splint, Thoroughpin, Capped

Hock, Shoe Boll, Wind

On Broken Down, Weak,

Tondons and Ligaments, its power {fs unfafling.
The fire {ron 1s uncertain and invariably only aggravates the

injury or disease; blistering is
ylang up the horse for months.
poun

Cures without scar, blemish or loss of hair.

$5.00 all druggists and dealers or sent express paid.

Puff and all lameness.
Sprained and Ruptured

less effective; both necessitate
Mercurla] and Potsonous com-

s couse Irreparable injury.
“Save-the Horse” eliminates all these factors.

Horse may be worked as usua\ and with boots, as no

harm can result from scalding of limb or destruction of hair.
Need of second bottle improbable except in rarest of cases.

Send for booklet and copy of guarantee.

TROY CHEMICAL COMPANY, Manufacturers

Binghamton, N. Y., formerly of Troy, N. Y.

 

 

AUTOMOBILES,

Muies Fur Clothing.

Fur Goods at half prices cannot be secured at such
REDUCTIONS during FREEZING weather!
While our stock lasts we are offerin,
$35.00 Fur Coats, $17.50; $24.00 Coats, $25.00; 7,50
Pur Gloves, $3.50; Leather Coats, $5.69, 87.50 (others
ask douole); Leggings Caps, ¢tc.; half others ask.
AUTOMOBILE TIRES; EVERY MAKE
Our prices of Tires and Tubes UNAPPROAC HED
elsewhere: every make carried in stock; Jacks,
Coils, Spark Plugs, Batteries, Pumps, Lamps. cf
every description.
“Small Profit, Quick Sale’ our Molto.
E. J. Willis Co., 8 Park Place, N. Y.
Before Rom oval!

AVC uildie § Gargains Before hom evel

Late Oldsmobile, $300; Franklin Tonneau, $700
(ike new): Packard, swell, $800; Northern, H
Cadillacs, $400, tonneau; Rambles, sixteen horse,
Tonneau, like new, $700; Panhard, four cylinder,
top, $1,700; Another Panhard, $1,500; others!
BROADWAY AUTOMOBILE EXCHANGE,

131 West Slst St., near 6th Ay.

 

 

 

 

FOR HIRE-Strictly first class, niga Rk
touring cars by the hour, day er week. GARAGE
10 West 60th st. Telephone 1421 Columbus.

 

 

TURF,

RN iN Ieee irr

QUEENS COUNTY JOCKEY CLUB

AQUEDUCT, L, I.

To-day — Babylon Handicap

and 6 other races, beginning at 2? P. M.
MUSIC BY LANDER.

Trains leave foot of Fast 34th st. at 10.50 A. M.,
12.20, 12.40, 1, 1.20 and 1.50 P. M., and from Flatbush
av. at 11.02 A. M., 12.40, 1 1.20, and 1.517. M
(Sn henner

 

 

 

 

 

PUBLIC NOTICES,

 

ABLE-BODIFD, UNMARRIED MEN,
see of 21 and 85, cljizens of Unlied States, cf good
character and temperate habits, wio can speak,
read and write English. For information apply
to RECRUITING OFFICER. 25 Third Ave., 2300
Third Ave., 705 Sixth Ave., 2806 stb Ave., N. ¥.. oF
963 Fulton St.. Brooklyn

EE

ones have been opened recently that none
of them is turning away visitors for lack of
room

The rain kept visitors in the hotels yes-
terday, and the corridors of all the big houses
were crowded most of the day. This was
so of the Waldorf-Astoria, the Holland House,
the Astor and the St. Regis. Proprietor
Boldt of the Waldorf! has turned his corridors
into u greenhouse for the week

 

 

E. C. Benedict to Cruise on the Amazon.

The steam yacht Virginia which has been
chartered by E. C. Benedict for a cruise in
South American waters, will start on
journey to-morrow. In the party with Com-
modore Benedict will be E. N, Backus, for-
merly American Consul at Para; William M.

Ivins, Col. Samuel P. Colt, 1. Howard Ford, |

Charles F. Hastings, Charles W. Keep, Wil-
liam H. Truesdale, Dr. John F. Gains and
L. Db. Huntington The Virginia will
touch at Bermuda and then go to Martinique.
Barbadoes will next be visited and the next
port will be Para, The party will go up the

Amazon about 1,000 miles to the city of
Mannos. A wireless telegraph station is to
be opened there and after the ceremonies

the Virginia will go on up the river to Iquitos
which is about 1,200 miles from Para. This
will take the party to the foot of the Andes
On the return trip the yacht will go to Rio
suenos Avres, and on her
Porto Rico, Hayti and

way north touch at

Cuba

 

Lou Dillon's Sire to Be Sold Here.

San Francisco, Nov, 13.—Sidney
sire of Lou Dillon, queen of the trotting turf,
was shipped from this city to-day to New
York to be sold at auction. The great stal-
lion is housed in a palace car, which is being
hauled by express trains. A record breaking
trip will be made. Dillon is to be sold at
the Old Glory sale to settle up the affairs of
the late Henry W. Pierce

Launch Lady Antoinette Sold.

The launch Lady Antoinette has been sold
by Howard Keeler of this city to Harold

Weston of Jacksonville, Fla, through the
agency of Stanley M. Seaman of New York
The boat was shipned to Jacksonville last

 

| week on one of Mr. Weston’s vessels, he being

finds him- |

of the Vietorian period, John Ruskin, that |

men ceased to paint good pictures simply

because they ceased to be good, which is |
equivalent tosaying he whodrivesa thorough. |

bred must himrelf be athoroughbred. Totbe
judges here the merits of a horse wilk not
depend on the morality of the owner. Jn
the opinion of the owner,the merits of the
judge may depend on the treatment he gives

ia horse.” 4

Mr. Murphy paid a tribute to the late Wil-
liam C. Whitney, who was a director of the
association.

“Il am specially reminded, Mr. President
and directors, that since last yeur the mills
of time have diminished your numbera
Lincoln said, ‘He who lives in the hearts
of those he leaves behind him does not die,’
aud high in the list of the favored sons of this
agsociation will always be found the name
of Whitney. In the abodes of men he lived,
gifted with a wide diversity of talent. One
moment suggesting the keen man of affairs
the next the high hearted, warm blooded
sportsman. Some one may occupy his place
none can fill it. The dying words of Cecil
Rhodes seen to be appropriate to him: ‘So
much to do, so little done.” And the elevated
achievements of Whitney were only a few
of hie noul’s desires. Hedied with a thousand
projects in his heart.”

Some of the horses were shown in the ring,
Jumpers were sent over the fences and an
idea of what was to be seen this week was
shown to these present. The programme
for to-day:

9 A. M.—Show opens.

910 11 A. M.- Horses ridden or led may be ex
eroteed, $0 the ring by permission of the superin
tendea

1.99 A. M.—Judging 6 hunters or fum
Class 111. nner

Pw Judging 4 in ha

2P. M.—Ju pacers meas, Claas 13.

216 P. M.-Judging 16 harness horses, Class HS |

2:40 P. M.—Judging 23 saddie horses, Class 78.

£10 P. M.—Judging 20 harness horses. novice
class, Class 122

a P. M.—Judging 18 qualified bumters, middle
welght, Class 102.

ator Judging 10 road teams, Clase 65. {

4 P. M.—Judging 24 ponies In harness, Class 74, |

£10 P. M.—Judging 11 saddle horses, Class 70

Em P. M.—Judging & thoroughbred Caltions |
Class

4)». M- Recess.

Rang P. M.--Judging 12 peirs of harness horses,
Class 47

&% P. M.- Judging 22 saddie horses, (lass 77.

#w P.M. Judging ® (andems, Class #0.

0 P. M.- Judging 10 qualified hunters, heavy
weight, Class 101, |

hunters, Class 10.

Ring Committee - Day— Col. De Lancey
and George Peabody Wetmore Fvening
De Lancey \. Kane and \Willlam H. Taller

ol, |

Horse Show week has crowded the hotels
ae it alware does. It redicted that the
out-of town attendance this season will be

17 P. M.—Judeing 10 horses sultable to become |

A. Rane |

greater than ever before, and this ia borne
out by the number of strangers tii town. All |
, the hoteles are well filled, but so many new 5

a large ship owner.

between |

her |

firat |

Dillon, |

 

R. BH MACY & CO.
RBiway at S4th to
6th ave. Sth s!
SOME PARALLELS IN
HARNESS SELLING:
6th Fl.
This Harness business, conducted along

| Strictly Cash lines and without discounts or

| commissions given to swing patronage, has

| been saccessfal, and will continue saccessfal

| for those very reasons.

Yet business methods just the reverse of

| ours have been no less effective in making
other Harness stores successfal,

There will always be a large number of horse
owners, free-handed with their expenditures,
who give scant attention to the prices paid
for their Riding and Driving Requisite: and
who care little if those prices DO inclade the
eommissions and discounts with which the
dealer rewards the man who brings in the

| order.
| And there will always bealarger number
t owhom the price differences, due to the dif-
| ference in seliing systems, are of safficient
|

importance to appeal strongly to their sense
of fairness. That such differences are not
trifing, we submit this parallel of a few items
chosen randomly from our regular stocks:

“TWO MINUTE" or “SPEEDWAY" HAR-
NESS, made of oak tanned leather, with
| bronze trimmings; considered the standard
| Driving Harness of its class; sold by others
at 650 a set. Sold By Macy's at 820.74
aset.

Neariy similar differences thronghout
| our entire line of Harness, from the finest
park out@ts to the sturdiest ontfits for
| heavy hauling. On incidentals we note:

Othersask. Oar price

 

Cope's Patent Stirrups.... - $5.00... 0.0... BRAS
Reed's Holly Whip Racks .. BOC. cece 29
No. LX Body Brushes . $5.80.......... $4.28
Chain Burnishers « $1.96..;...-42, 6%
Calking Plates . $2.00.......... BLS6
| Stable Lamps $5.00........., 2.10
| Alcohol Singeing Lamps....... $1.°5.......... $1.26
Docking Knives.. $9.00........., 86.50
Coachmen's Mackintoshies,....$13,00......... 810.82
! Smedley's Harness Dressing... 70c.......... &6c
; Miller's Harness O}}.. B86. 55555 Zac

ewn factory, under the sapervision of Mr.
P. H. Comerford, who for over 24 years has
been the leading Harnes‘maker uf New York.
The savings that apply to Harness apply, more
| or less, to all other srocks throughont the store.

BIG SALE of horse blankets and robes; lined

, stable blankets. 1.00) extra heavy stable blankets
1.75; square street blankets, 1.25; extra quailty, 2.1

| heavy truck biankets, 0.75; truck blankets, with
hame leather and canvas, 9 ib., 3.24; 11 lb., 3.75,
plush robes, 2.50; waterproof robes, 2.54; oll storm
covers, 2.0). PETER HARNESS & SADDLERY
CO., & West Broadway, near Chambers st., upstairs

| ene Senne

| CARRIAGES of every Description

| ai Moderate Prices

| Much of the Harness we sell is made in our
|

 

 

 

WILLIAM H. GRAY’S,
near Broome

| 68 Wooster S1.,

 
   

 

 

New Poultry Show in Town,

; There is to be a new fur and feather show
| in town Thanksgiving week. It will be
| given by the newly organized Association of
Poultry and Pet Stock Breeders, of which
the officers are: President, Dr. Paul Kyle of
Flushing; viee-president, M. H. Read, Jr,
Crescent_ City, Fla.: secretary, Charles
Gauss, Flushing: superintendent, Walter 8
Gladney, Somers Point, N. J. The entries
| closed last week and the total exceeds 5,000
These include 2,500 chickens, 1,500 pigeons
500 canary birds, 300 cats, 200 hares and rah-

| bits; also turkeys, geese, ducks, Angors
zonts, golden pheasants and other stock
he show is to be given in Herald Square

Exhibition Hall,
Sixth avenue.

Thirty-fourth street and

 

The VERY BEST WHISKEY is

 

H. B. HIRK & CO,,

 

ABSOLUTELY PURE.

So'd only in ourregisteredbottles everywhere
NEVER SOLD IN BULK.

N. Y.. SOLE BOTTLERS

 

 

    
  

 

no Obligation
either in
frank an
your troubles

 

he wishes all
CONSULTATIONS

reon or by letter
confidin

successfully treating SPECIAL DISEASES OF MEN

DK. KANE promises a complete, perfect and pern «
nent CURE of every case he treats " mie

If you cannot be cured DR. KANE will honestly te!

you so

DR. KANE offers to ail nena lasting and painiess cir.
of DISEASES OF THE BLADDER ROSTATE
GLAND, VARICOCELE, STRICTURE, HY DRO-
CELE. SPERMATORRHG@A and LOST POWERS
BY NEW AND SUCCESSFUL METHODS. Also thy
SEXUAL DECAY of OLD AGE

DR. KANE'S OFFERS ARE BINDING and fs
PROMISES ARE KEPT.

DR. HH. H. KANE. 136 W. 34TH ST., NEW YORK

  

understand that
LUTELY FREE 415
yy any one who consuit= |i!
You are invited to have 4
ing talk with DR. KANE and tell tii
. FOR 30 YEARS DR. KANE has been

men to distinctly
RE AB

  
   

ia incurr

If you cannot eall, write