10

 

LAYMEN ASSAIL THE CLERGY AT

 

URGE NEW DIVORCE CANON.

 

  
     
   
 
  
  
    
     
   
     
 

 
   
 

  

    
 

 

 

  
   

AMME YER |

= pb > et tie ike te of ee shea

 

 

THE SUN, MONDAY. NOVEMBER 14,

   
  
 
 
 
    
 
    
    

  

1

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

i CHURCH MASS MEETING. has given you couse Sy

Yel Mba vil soar 6th Ave., Cor. 20th St. |
.) pm ter Pacads you wear one ’

B the Next General Convention to For: OF SIMONBON'S Many men prefer comfort above all things in a shoe. Store Closes at 6 P. M. |
if Did the Remarriage by the Clersy- STANDARD TOUPEES f

% men of Either Party to a Diverge. to cover or_en- After comfort then style. ;

i ty ties selige iat, hess Eh only, weigh one-quarter Our ORSE SHOW this week —THANKSGIVING DAY next week — and
he Columbus avenue and Ninety-second street, oo, perteetly fad cell U C A N B E Z CHRISTMAS only six weeks away. * |
y Te Bee ee oul of Ret ever suspect that It tan't - -LJ~- i= That means busy times every minute, from this on, for us amd you.

, York's most prominent Epleoopel, cleray- (You Can Be Easy) Here are the garments and all details of APPAREL HGP Sr and fit, tothe
a men, a movement was aw ’ . . : :

f oters, will highest degree—for men, women and children, making last hurried prepa.
BRM Seaie epee $5.00 SHOE FOR MEN ||| [higiest desree—for mon, wom '

Pe ion of the church, in 1907, canon . ; =

f: Fortucline aky carey of tee Rylecopal Meets Just this preference. It was designed specially for th Here are broadest collections of housekeeping things—chinaware, silver.

faith to solemnize the marriage of adivorced
person while the other party to the suit
is living.

The meeting, it was announced, was
the opening gun of a campaign that will

 
  

  
   

‘983 BROADWAY, 2lst-22d Streets.

 

 

BOOTH TUCKER'S NEW OFFICE.

 

greatest degree of comfort and then the style followed.

The price. $5.00, Indicates the
Inherent splendor of this shoe.

   
 
 
  

ware, cutlery, table linens, table decorations, and all other outfittings of the
home, necessary to the Thanksgiving preparations.
Here are multitudes of choicest Christmas things, unfolded for wisc and

a oe eat Ler eitice for the nent three | 70 RUN THE SALVATION ARMY DOT Cork Sole Lace... $8.00 early buyers, who want to make this Christmas one of real enjoyment, by
years, OUTSIDE GREAT BRITAIN. -CAN-B-E-Z leaving nothing to fuss and hurry over when the holiday rush-time comes.
Among the clergymen who, as leaders in Sara U-CAN-B E- ; : .
the movement, spoke yesterday, were the | sre 1 to gait en Wednesday and (he Beriea Kid Double Sole Lace .. ..$5.00 WANAMAKER’S at its best—at your service, today.
Right Rev. David Greer, Bishop Coadjutor; oe te ene ann Ga te itl U-CANBE-Z

the Rev. Dr. Morgan Dix, rector of Trinity
parish; the Rev. Frederick Courtney,
formerly Bishop of New Brunswick, now
rector of St. James's Church in this city,
and the Rev. William T. Manning, vicar of
St. Agnes's. Bishop Doane of Albany
also sent a letter expressing his sympathy.

At the opening of the meeting it was
stated that the efforts being put forth in
the matter shoulda by no means be regarded
85 a protest against the compromise canon
adopted by the Boston convention, by
which Episcopal clergymen are permitted
to marry the innocent party to the suit
after thé decree has been in effect a year,
with the option of refusing without making
themselves liable to censure by church
officers.

As it turned out, though, that was just
what the meeting did represent. Two

With a Torchlight Parade the Night
Before—His New Home Is in London,

Commander Booth-Tucker, after being
for eight years at the head of the Salvation
Army in America, has given up the duties
of that post and will sail on Wednesday next
on the Oceanic for England. He will
make his home in London, where the ed-
ucation of his four children, all under 15,
will be provided for. Miss Eva Booth,
his sister-in-law, will succeed him as the
head of the Salvation Army here.

The former commander has beeen made
secretary of the Salvation Army for all
the countries outside of Great Britain.
His new duties will require him to travel
almost continually through every part of
the world.

A series of farewell services to the com-

Kid Single Sole Lace .-.. .$5.00
U-CAN-B-E-Z |
Enamel Double Sole Lace $5.00

U-CAN-B-E-Z :
Cali Lace .. e+ sseeee..++ $5.00

  

~  -_.In Contrast Is Our Latest Shoe Idea,

THE TRUSS SHANK

$5.00 SHOE FOR MEN.

This shoe above all things

 
  
 

 

. construction a steel arch

\\ lish, and to maintain Its highly fashionable
form we have incorporated into Its

is ultra sty-

truss shank,

    
   
  
  
     
 

   
 

* The

“Arthur Balfour”

Handsomest Scarf ‘
of the Season

HESE great big, luxurious
Scaris of heavy and sump-
tuous silks immediately

distinguish their wearers. The
scarf ties like an Ascot, but gives
a richer and handsomer knot.
Each scarf requires almost &
yard of silk to make it.

 

A Supplementary Showing Of
HORSE SHOW MILLINERY

C Acting your eyes over this assembly of Hats

for the Horse Show—practically all of them new
during the last few days—you would hardly recognize
them as akin to the showing we announced a week
ago today, except in point of shape.

For we have exerted ourselves to produce an entirely new group
of effects of trimming—variations in the ribbon rosettes, the
velvet bands, the breaste, and quills with which the favorite

which supports the weight of the
body and prevents the shoe from
flattening or spreading out of shape.

The “Arthur Balfour” is first
shown today. It will be wel-

   
   

 
 

laymen who spoke, Silas MoBee, editor of
the Churchman, and Francis Lewis, a lawyer
of Philadelphia, both of whom were dele-

mander, consisting of dinners, prayer
meetings and social meetings, began last
Friday, It will end only when the liner

model—a sort of smallish Continental shape—is bedecked.

ee oseatareeate

a ea

gates to the Boston convention, in plain
words registered their protest against
the action of the convention.

In fact, the laymen sort of ran away with
the meeting. Not only did they protest
against the action of the convention in

with Mr. Booth-Tucker on board leaves
ber pier at noon next Wednesday. The
last farewell meeting will be held in the
Grand Central Palace at 8 o’clock to-morrow
(Tuesday) evening. It will be followed
by a torchlight procession to the head-
uarters of the. Army in Fourteenth street.

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

 
 
 

coltskia

Truss Shank Calf Button, $5.00.

Truss Shank Calf Blucher,
double sole, $5.00.

Truss Shank patent

Truss Shank patent
coltskin Lace, $5.00,

Button, $5.00.

comed by men who appreciate
something that will really dis-
tinguish their appearance,

especially those who are going to
the Horse Show. These new

In shape alone are they the same as last week’s showing ; and
these small hats, bearing their trimming only on the threefold
turned-up brim—none whatever on the crown—are certainly as
attractive as they are favored. Added is a fascinating and
entirely new group of fur-trimmed hate.

Boston, but they plainly said to what ex- | Nearly 1,000 of the Army's officers from Truss Shank i d Thi bh has become necessary in order to fill the gaps
. ' patent scaris are made in a very hand- 8 new showing y gap
iva ac Fecousils Toe PPAlng Con ap the elgnt. yours during. hich Mr. coltskin Blucher, $5.00. some pearl gray shade, velf-|made by the appreciative and rapid buying of the past week.

gelves as responsible for prevailing con-
ditions.

Dr. Dix presided. He said that he hoped
that the people would not regard the workers
in the movement as propagandists or fana-
ties. Their purpose, he declared, was not
to agitate but to educate the public mind.

Bishop Greer declared that the greatest
question confronting the American people
to-day was how to preserve the unity and
santictity of the home.

“The present tendency,” said he, ‘is to
break up the home, to undermine it, to dis-
solve it, to destroy it. But saying that I
do not mean to imply that there are not a
great many homes pure and true. There
are. Yet I ask you to note the fact and
study it that the figures of divorces in this
country are greater than in any other
country. In the year 1890 we are told that
in England, Canada and Australia there
were 20,000 divorces; in this country in the
same year there were 23,000. Last year
there were 60,000.

“It is a running sore in our social system.
It must be cut out. When once the mar-
riage relation has been entered upon it is
permanent and fixed and should not be
dissolved except for one thing--death.
That is the ideal marriage refation he
one which should be held up before the
American people to-day. That, I think,
is what is taught by our Lord end Sa-
viour.”

Mr. Lewis .said that from 1868 to 1881
there were all told in Canada sixty-nine
divorces. In the same time in the United
States there were, he declared, 700,000.

“That means,” said he, “that 1,400,000

ple had their homes broken up; that at
east 1,400,000 children no longer know the
name of home. If the present rate of
divorce keeps up for the next year there
will be 6,000,000 people without homes in
this country.”

Mr. Lewis suggested two or three things
that, in his opinion, would help to improve,
one a law prohibiting the remarriage of a
divorced person within a year after a decree

Booth-Tucker has had command of thearmy
great advances have been made. The value
of the property in the hands of the organi-
zation has increased from $700,000 to $1,-
500,000; the number of social institutions
under its care from 25 to 275; accom-
modations for 600 persons to acco a-
tions for 10,500; expenditures for the
poe from $20,000 to $900,000. Hotels have

n established where comfortable lodg-
ings can be obtained for little money,

I think it is a sin to send men to Black-
well's Island,” said Commander Booth-
Tucker yesterday, “when they are willing
to work. If a man will work we never
turn him away.

“Yes,” he continued, “I do regret to leave
America. It has been a joy for me to serve
her, and I shall return now and then, proba-
bly. Lam taking a good bunch of American
flags {drawing forth perhaps a dozen
medium sized emblems]. “I_am going to
have an American room in London! where
my American friends may come to see me.
I shal] look upon myself, not as an English-
men but as an American Ambassador,

The former commander seemed enthusi-
astic about his new work. He said that
he had no doubt that Miss Eva Booth,
his successor, would make an able and
efficient head for the Army im America.

INDIANS IN THE PULPIT.

Comanche Chief Pieads Through Inter-
preter for 2 Missionary to His People.
Two real, blanketed Indians of the Com-
anche Tribe, from the reservation near
Fort Sill, Oklahoma, spoke yesterday after-
noon, in the Collegiate Church, at West
End avenue and Seventy-seventh atreet.
A third was scheduled to address the meet-
ing, but was ill.

The three Indians are travelling t! roush
the North and East visiting missionary
societies in the interest of their tribesmen.
Their names are Periconio, Nahwatz and
White Wolf. Periconic is chief of his tribe,
and up to three years ago was a worshipper
of Mescal, the sun god, a famous gambler
and drinker, and altogether a bad Indian.

   
   
   

|

 

SSS ee

  

     
     

AND

Mexico

VIA THE

New York
Line

Will move in December, January, February, March and May.

For particulars, inquire of ticket agente of the New York Central Lines,
for acopy o
George H. Daniels, General Passenger Agent,

orenclose @ two-cent stamp

 

Catalogue Mailed Free on
Application.
Mail Orders Promptly
Filled.

Personally Conducted Tours to

California,
Colorado, Utah,
Oregon, Washington

 

  

Central
‘ |

f naperion Winter Resorts" to
Grand Central Station, New York.

 

If you don't know what is just proper —we do. Borrow
A different way of making clothes and making

 

 

figured—the correct color for
day weddings, afternoon calls,
receptions and matinees. Price,
$3.50 each. Broadway, Ninth Street.

Men’s Dress
Shirts at $1.50

|* presenting these $1.50 dress
shirts to men we have to
measure them up to a full
fifty per cent. of betterness to
the famous WANAMAKER Dollar
Dress Shirt, which in itself corre-
sponds to the $1.50 shirt you
will find in other stores. The
Wanamaker $150 shirts are
far and aavay above the class of
shirts you will find elsewhere at
this price. These shirts are
hand-finished, bodies are made
of best muslin, bosoms and cuffs
are of fine linen; the cuffs are
attached, round ,or square;
bosoms are open all the way
down. The shirts have the

finishing touches of the best
custom-made goods.

Large and comfortable in size,
perfect-fitting at every point,
and beautifully laundered; in
all regular sizes and several
different sleeve lengths. $1.50

 

 

Women who select their Horse Show Hats from the present col-
lection need have no fear that they are duplicates of former
styles, or that they in turn will be duplicated by others. Prices
begin at $12. Second floor, Broadway.

PARIS MODEL DRESSES

For Horse Show Wear

 

ARISIAN dressmakers have long ago conceded the discrim”

inating taste of the American woman in matters of dress.

She has become a large factor in his business and receives
large consideration in the gowns that he designs. This season we
secured one of the finest and most artistic collections of Paris
dresses that we-ever imported, and the major portion of this
collection of gowns were designed for Horse Show wear and other
social functions of similar importance. Today we still have a
very handsome assembly of these beautiful gowns from such
dressmakers as Paquin, Beer, Havet, Deuillet and Sara Mayer,
consisting of gowns for afternoon, evening and reception wear;
and, while these gowns were designed for the present week, they
are now marked at very greatly reduced prices. Original values
were $200 to $600. Toduy the prices range from $150 to $450. |
Then we also present today a very fine collection of Dressy
Velvet Tailor-Made Suits for afternoon and informal evening
wear. These velvet gowns range in price from $45 to $105.
There is a special collection of Crushed Velvet Suits in att
blonse styles; prettily trimmed. Offered today at $50 to $60;
former prices were $56 to $75. |
There ia also a very charming group of broadcloth dresses in|
new Redingote styles at $53 to $83.

Second floor, Broadway.

 

|
. is obtained. ~ r “know. "
“But,” said he, “let me suggest some- About three veer bao Frank Hall Wright, our : Each. Broadway and Ninth street,
thing else. Of all the cases I've seen in | & Missionary among the Indians, was hold- ; les that nobody else has Good tailoring at the cost of bad
ing an Indian camp meeting at Fort Sill, | Prices. Styles that nobody : &
the newspapers, no matter how dark and 2 Chief Perioonio attended. It was P |

doubtful and disgusting, I have yet to read
of one single person being forced to go to
a civil magistrate. Some clergyman stands
eer to do the thing. And why, pray,
should they be helping along the matter
by pronouncing the blessing of the church
on those who have no claim to its blessing?

there that he first heard of what the In-
dians call “the Jesus road” and was con-
verted.

When the big red man was introduced
yeaverany he rose, drew his scarlet bor-
dered blanket tightly around him and

clothes. Suits at $20, worth $30.

Overcoats at $25, worth $35.

Send for samples, measuring outfits and fashion cards,

Men’s Overcoats
Made to Order

E have a remarkably fine

 
  

Foreign Sample Coats
At About Half Their Real Value

“Would it be hard for the clergyman to ercer MVORDE a enenk beer , beeen, in HIS is a small collection of very handsome Coats that the
} say to the divorced man or woman: If the | the Sign language. e Wol  inter- collection of in- ir Lon-
pay, coe civorond mann OF wUmnan! FF Wee | Freie ee hte on of heavy Win European manufacturers made up as samples for their lon

RNHEIM

 
 

don and Paris trade. We were fortunate enough to secure!

it is good enough to marry you again.’ But | _“1,am on long trip,” he said, “to ask the ter overcoatings in black
: ‘ ’ leface to send a missionary down to 3
that is just what the clergy won't do, And | P&H oP oe my tribe what I have heard, and blue kerseys, brown velours,|them so as to be able to sell them at $20, $25 and $30, though!

that is just what the parties to a divorce
decree don't want them to do. They don't
want to go toa civil magistrate. They want
to bring a clergyman of the Lord's church
into the transaction that they may make
Hegpecenys that which is disreputable.

“In the language of politics it ia up to the
church to cut loose from the remarriage

Sia EEO er
Jon)

J am poor, ignorant man and cannot read.”
The Christian chief is also making pleas
for funds with which to build a little Indian
church on his reservation.

“I want it built strong,” he said, “so it
will last after I arn dead.

The Indians left their tribe six weeks ago
and have visited the large cities in the

 

DR. PARKHURST COMPLAINS
Of Evils in Seif Government and of the

 

Dr.
Declaration of Independence.

Broadway and Qth.

| SAVED HIS MOTHENAND HIS BABY

McCoy's Carriage Upset in the Middle
of a Stream.

   
 
 
  

and black and Oxford mixed
velours, which we will make up
to your measure ; lined through.
out with heavy silk merveilleux ;

they are really worth about double these prices.
These garments are the very latest and finest black broadcloth |

and kersey coats shown in London and Paris today. They ml
loose, tight and semi-tight fitting, and no two garmerts are

es. hone att Re, Sinem | Bites, They will leave New York on their | | In a sermon on the “Holding Power of || PaTsnson, N. J., Nov. 18—In attempting | | tailored and nena in first-|alike. The exclusive character of the coats, together with the fine
distant when a remarriage after a divorce | return tri; Saneecey. Religion,” the Rev. Dr. Charles H. Park- | to ord a small stream two miles from here class manner, or $30. manner in which they are finished, make them the choicest offering
will be just as odious. And I hope further Periconic said that he left his squaw and | jurst in the Madison Square Presbyterian yesterday afternoon Dr. John C. MoCoy's This gives you the benefit of

that any preacher who does perform such
a ceremony will hear from his church plainly
about it.”

Mr. McBee said that the convention at
Boston took a step forward, but that it
hadn't Stepped far enough. He said that
the principle of the thing hadn’t been
changed a bit, although the conditions had
been saproved as regard “police regula-
tions.” If the innocent party to the divorce
had a right to marry a year after the decree
was obtained, the speaker asked why he
or she didn’t have just as good a right
technically before the expiration of a year,

“The question is,” Mr. McBee continued,
“shall children see the mother who bore
them marry another man while their father
is still living, and shall they see the church
sanctify bo merriage? How can u
men preac urity or how can you
the world with this principle of remarrying

You have

after a divorce established?
set the example, you have broken the golden

pooses and also his crops to come among
Pie Dalef aces. He is 42 years old, Nahwatz
is 52 and White Wolf is 36. While in New
York the Indians are under the care of
the women’s executive committee of the
Board of Domestic Missions of the church.

LEAVE LAWS TO LAWMAKERS,

The Church Shotridn't Want to Make Them,
Says the Rev. Percy Grant.

The Rev. Percy Stickney Grant in the
Church of the Ascension last night preached
on the topic “Marriage Laws and the
Church.” He said:

“In America the making of lawe is left
to the civil authorities. If we cannot trust
American laymen to make laws that will
be in the interest of morality and their
own homes, we cannot trust them to make
any laws. In short, legislation is sefer

 

Church, yesterday morning, made this
reference to ‘the evils of self government.

Our natural preference is for self
ment, which is a bombastic way of sa
we prefer to do as we prefer to
over D pS, ie ou

m ano
men 4 are a moral failure, the nations
that have perished,
tempts to administer themselves by, rules
which are no quotation from the law of God's
> divine righteousness, but

n

at the suggestion o
passion or ambition.
It is a blemish upon
document #0
Sri nacrs
tha
their just powers from the consent of the gov-
erned.” That is
reasons why we have governments is that
there are #0
their assent P e governed,
¢ have crimin
Je nes if all the people in this town who in

vern-

ng that
do. Self
construe the term strictly,
er name for anarchy. The

all owe their fall to at-

got

by which men

ations have legislated for themselves
f momentary exigency,

the fair name of that
dear to the heart of every true
the Declaration of Independence,
that "governments derive
fiction. One of the very

le who refuse
poe That is why
have

any
courts; that is why we

 

carriage, in which his mother, on a visit
here from her home in Orange, and his one-
year-old baby, were riding with him, was
upset and the three thrown into the water.
After Dr. MoCoy had extricated himself
from the overturned carriage he released
his aged mother and with great difficulty

her to the bank.

The baby could not be found at first, but
running down the stream for a short dis-
tance Dr. McCoy saw a foot sticking out of
the water and he
It was resuecitat
brought to the doctor's home, on Broad
As the child
fears are entertained for its recovery.

The stream where the overtu of the
carreage took place had been forded many
times

ickly rescued the child.
after a time and quickly
way.

had been fll for some time

y the doctor, but a few weess eae &

dam farther up the stream burst and
ased

volume of water had ploughed a

 

yc Se

   
    
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

fine custom work at just about
the ready-made price. We will
also turn out the coat promptly
for you.

Men's Tailoring, Second floor, Fourth avenue,

Lace Collars---
A Fine Lot at Low Prices.

ROM amongalot of athous-
and dozen Lace Collars we
chose about forty dozen; the
best patterns in the lot, and
got them a full third below

 

EY

we have presented this season. Second floor, Broadwey.

Four Hundred BLANKETS
At Special Prices Today

UST in time to head off the real Winter weather, comes this
offering of four hundred and thirty-two pairs of excellent
Blankets, of which none is less than 80 per cent. wool, and

about a third of them are all-wool. |

The collection is composed of emall groups of certain lines of|
blankets that we wish to close out entirely; some being in patterns
that the manufacturers have changed a little, andsthey must make)

 

 

 

 

‘ cord of purity. We want to in the hands of laymen.” dee hole in the centre of the ford. Mrs. value. ; ‘|
squarely, It ie ao living Cnet iaveltne Mr. Grant's remarks were evoked by | one form or another are retuping thelr. assent McCoy suffered somewhat from the shock H oy ni h way for new styles, even in blankets, But, from the housekeepers
z Ese Lies tatd that he bemaved the witigh dk od Bead the tan cf terttalinn roca wou , be a numerous as almost of her immersion. ence were selling them the point of view, they are fine, handsome, warm and serviceable
; e belie reason sections, ere ‘ : |
ry, divorces canes are multiply 80 fast pn ag clergymen to marry divor is government enough | but if ia ar Otte: Japanese Loan Offered Here. bame way today; blankets on which to save from 75c. to $3.50 a pair.
' + and se ’ . ?
denomination c yy saad are’ wifing to “The Church,” he declared, “can do more archy in th indfvidu , which means anarchy The American allotment of £6,000,000, being $1.50 COLLARS AT $1 At @3 0 Pair, from 83.75 At BS 0 alr. 86
divorced persons. to ennoble marriage than any other insti- | in the crowd. ; one-half of the amount of the Imperial Jap- $4.50 COLLARS AT, $3 ; ; 4 roeeoe |

The pereyee ion; We Ge hot Uke to obey. We love Hcense White wool Blankets, 50x80 inches; for ie e of long white staple wool filling,
“The Roman Catholic Church,” said he, | tion; not b ecclesiastical legislation 4 en I it Hoerty For the sake of cos. | anese Government 6 per cent. sterling loan And oth ri in be , nde. with light cotton warp; 76x84 inches; weight)
“has found a way to annul marriage ins | Dut bY spreading the light of its spiritual | Prc.ne Gur self respect. We set. our moral | second series, \e offered to investors by Kubn. nd other prices in between, at| single beds; weight 4 pound .|@$ pounds.

more direct way even than we have. We ideals among its mprabers, young and old. | timepleces by ou {m ination, till the poor | Loeb & Co., thé National City Bank and the proportionate savings. All-wool Scarlet Blankets; 70x80 inches; At $9 a Pair, from 812
at least have the light of investigation and I would have the Churoh follow the boys | things run so wild t at they strike noon when | National Bank of Commeree in New York. weight & pounds. M of Australian and American ¥hité
| law, but they haven't even that. A Roman | #94 girls to their homes and to their work.” | the sun is away out on the other side {f China. | The offering price is 88 and accrued interest, The Lace collars are in Point Bo ¥ &; 4x88 inches; weight § pounds.

Catholic priest once told me that he did not — ; Our only security is to pin our faith to the hich ia upproximatgly’ the parity of the : At@3.75a Pair, from 84. At 8106 trem 813.50
know when he married a couple, whether |} CATHEDRAL MORE CEREMONIOUS, | stare and | ag pasty nee edly e great white | flondon issue price, The bonds are payable Gaze, Point Venise and Imita-| All-wool Scarlet Blankets, 70x80 inches;| The same as above, in extra laree sir?

the marriage would be certain. Under throne 0} e rig ness. Oct, 5, 1911, in this city, at the fixed rate of tion Irish Crochet Lace, in whi weight 5 pounds. inches.
he Catholi t f istri body | 4 Solemn Benediction te Be Gtven Each exchange of $4.87 the pound sterling. er , in white, id blue and pink Blankets, with white

Snows whens marriage may be aanuiles Sunday After Vespers. Presbyterian Plea for Foreign Missions. ap pede ty hfe cream and natural shades. At 84 & Pair, from 85 border; all-wool in warp and filling

except the Pope.” Dating from yesterday at the Cathedral | The service at the Sooteh Presbyterian | on giving six, monthe notes. 1h0 toan ie Such Lace Collars as these are| All white wool, warp and filling; 8x78 in.;|, At @8 & Pair, were ®10--For since

Dr. Courtney said that he believed it
was the Church's duty to hold before the
people the ideal of marriage. He afid that
one way in which the present conditions

solemn benediction, witha deacon and sub-
deacon officiating, will be given every Sun-
day afternoon after vespers, which are at

Church at Ninety-sixth street and Central
Park West last night was devoted to
ing the foreign work of the American

help-
Tract
O. O. Howard and the pas-

 

nee edd ytEEEtttSa

a lien upon the cus recei| of the Jan-
anese Government, subject caly to the cha
upon the previous n

customs receipts

year were about

£10,000 ,%0,
of apan for the ‘last fiscal
$8,000, . while the interest

 
  
  

atly in vogue; and the offer.
is as interesting as it is un-
usual, Broadway.

a

 

weight 6% pounds. These blankets are
the same as used in the navy; they are of

At 610 : Pair, were 912-—For dortin|
extra weight. 4

|
At 811.50 a Pair, were 813.50

Third floor, For double beds.

 

 

Society. Gen.
could be put ona higher plane was through | 4 o'clock. The Rev. Dr. D. J. McoMack on the present and the previous loan amoun'
the teaching by fathers fand mothers | omiclaned at qeryy s benediction. The tor athe Hey. David ©. Will, yreed ite only to $6,428,400. A revision and \noreased _
ministers of the Gospel the sanctity of =] Rev. Dr. William J. Sinnott was deacon | the work might be e : ra has come, Inte gperation since the last
marital relationship and the holiness and the Rev. Ormond Hughes was sub- ment tne uptegon receipts. er largely aug-
perensege, He believed, he said, the hold- | deacon. Archbishop Farley oocupied his Bishop MeDeonnell Dedicates a Charch. uhn, Loeb & Co. have received the assur-
ng u ore young people the plein fact ance of the Japanese Gover ment 6 comm is- |
that continuance of the human race is Bishop McDonnell of Brooklyn dedicated | sioner that the p of the need not |

 

  

 

This addition of ceremony on Sunday
the one high ideal of marriage. He would, | afternoon is in accordance with the wishes | yesterday the new Polish Catholic Church | be remitted to London, but will remains on
he anmerted, put back in the marriage vow | of the Arehbiahop and Mer. Lavelle, who | of Bt, Stanislaus sat avenue and menia of the Japanese Government require- |1'| Formerly A. T. Stewart & Co. Broadway. 4th Ave., 9th and 10th Sts. |
considlred coursethat the principle objéot | Conrntevailigg in Rome and the European | Leo Wyeiecki is the pastor. Mee church | wqirinet, satel of the offering, together :
s of marriage |s to produce : cathedrals. Will bave cost when completed $00,000... ' furthe bobds, ems is eas iaP sian —