4
t

7

-

alte

» opened
t box in the bank and this will be openec
reday between 12 and 1 o'clock. Mr Weee
Iman suid yesterday that he had reason to

sieve that there were securities: to vi rae
amount in this box, He would not puta le a
on the securities nor would he say Tow be hac
ned what the box contained hay

“he Mart worntn wae ati invisible ye oorday
Ahe was not at her home curing the day and nee
enerally supposed to bein seclusion wit! \ 1
erapleton, one of her friends, who occupies

a fiat at 260 Weeat Fifty firet street \Mir« Hart

ampleton

nt Wednesday night with the Lemple
‘Toman The two came to New York together
put ont ofa hotel

to live towether tithe

y went
OF FOrtine too My we Sa eripietaiy WOrDAN
“t Sehreiber ad moved to
da higher ” It was

that the Hart woman fein

ouse now © ‘

hen Mrs that on

weller quarters
med vesterdas

i 1904 and after having heer

  
  

 

ad healt! the result of the life she has been

jendiixe 1 persons who know her told
HE SUN rep r that ashe has consumption
his report is common in the fenderlot

fof the time being she is the most talke

woman tn town Consequentiv: Chis compar
n with the histori Camille was perhaps

le
nevitahle Hart alnoe ahe

A man who hos known Mra f
was a little wirl by reason of the fact that hey

were reared in the same town told THR SUN
yesterday that Mra. Hart was boon in Knox
ville, Tenn. Her father's name was Jones,

but as ber mother, whose name was Fimma,

rled Joho Brown after the death of her first
vaband, the girl was usually called) Annie
rown loewday she is only 24 years old,
though the life she has led makes her look
vears older. When sKe was 17 years old

fe hecame associated with a bartender named
Shari, who was forced to marry her. She
wed with him for two Vears and then deserting

away tost Ollls

preg owe of [ir ors of the Elizabethport

vesterday

 
 
     

 

 

Banking Company held a meeting
et the bank and the result of the examination
the books was made known lt showed
that the exact emount of the defaleatton wis
0196.71615. Thissum ap: ortioned among the
irectors has all been pald back tno the hank
tp to April, 1494, Schreiber had stoler $21,000
The other 885.000 he le In just about two
years. If it is any consolation to Mrs Hart

she may know that «he did not start him on
his downward course and that somebody else
got the $21.4 She did not meet him until

ctober, 10s

STATE CONSUMPTIVE HOSPITAL.

Whitelow Reid and Other New York Cottagers
Oppose Locating It on Hig Lake lear,
ALBANY, Oct 11.—Whitelaw Reid in behalf

of himself and other residents of New York city
Hegis

 

who have camps and cottages on the St
Lakes in the Adirondacks opposes the establish-
ment of the proposed State Consumptive Hos-
pital on Big lake Clear The site has been
selected by the hospital trustees,
Howard Townsend of New York city, Dr JH
Pryor of Buffalo, Frank | Kendall of Saranac,
Dr. Willis Gi. MacDonald of Al
E. Jennings of New York city
quires the establishment of the site in the Adiron-
dacks, and that the selection of suc h a site by
the trustees must be approved by
Forest Preserve Board and the State Board of
Health These two boards held a meeting to-
day to listen to arguments why the selection of
the Lake Clear site should not be a; proved by

The law re-

the State

  
 

them

There was a big delegation from Clinton
county who want this new State institution
located in Dannemora and who say that the

tea fair considera.
approve a
resolution was

trustees had not wiven that si
thon, Ax the two boards can only
site selected by the trustees a
adopted requesting trustees, to make a
further investigation of the Dannemora site
and compare its climatic and other advantages
with those of Kia Lake Clear
A letter was received fron
who said his sentiments were

the

 

Whitelaw Reid,
indorsed by

other camp owners on the St. Regis Lakes,
inoluding Anson Phelps Stokes, Archibald
Rogers, H. McK. T'wombley, Robert Hoe,

Henry Livingston, Louls Thompson, Dr. Freneh
and Charles TI, Karnes

“It is the general feeling,” said Mr. Keid
fn his letter, “that the proposed location on
Lake Clear would be an Unnecessary injury
to their interests. It is my beuef that it is
contrary to public policy to loeute sucha charity
in a region thronmed with jleasure seekers,
where the inmates of the hos) ital must either
be subjected to tinneces<ary and undesirable

  

«ce © eis eee
Aotnw oll

  
       

 

MISSION WORK TO GO ON;

NO RETREAT IN CHINA, SAYS THE REV,
JUDSON SMITH,

Address at the American Board's Meeting tn
St, Louls on the Situation and the Outlook
Special Contributions Needed to Kenew

the Work The Moard's Heavy Losses,

St. lari, Mo, Oct. 1.—The second day's

Keesion of the ninetleth annual meeting of

the American Board of Foreign Missions of the
Congregational Church was culled to order
at 10 o'clock by President Capen

I'he interesting feature of the day was the
address by the Rev. Judson Sraith, DD. Fors

elgn secretary, on “China, the situation and the
Outlook Introducing the subject he ex.
pressed the opinton that the recent outbreak had
yronounced the doom of the present dynasty
“No diplomaey, no force of arms, Can save
them,” he said ‘The Powers, even if they
should wish to prolong. their life, vill fight
against an irresfetihble fate. The future, on

    

 

' the plekets would walk up

whose borders we stand and whose features |

we are helping to shape, will reveal a new
China, facing progress and learning and West.
ern arts and the Christian faith; and that will
he a new world with a glorious destiny be
fore tt

Of the situation Dr. Smith sald that ft was
In the North China and Shansi mission flelds
that the storm had centred and the board's
greatest losses were met, “To-day the mis-
sionaries who survive In all this region are tn
enforced extle from their homes, missionary

| work fa for the time suspended, chapels and

ohure hospitals and missionary homes have

   
 
  

 

   

been ed and burned, native Christhans
have t robbed, their homes pillaged and
destroved, and themselves and their families
| slain by the thousand.”
Thirty-flve members of the North China
| misaton were in the besiewed legations in
Pekin, fve from the Kalgan ss ion eseaped
{nto Siberla and those from Pang-Chuang and
Lin-Ching reached Chefoo safel Most of the

comprising |

vny and Walter |

restrajnt or permitted to range over the country, |

d come in frequent conta t on the roads and
es, if not also in the hotels and camps, with
crowds of summer visitors, It also seen

euch a charity where it is offensive to large
Classes in the inimmediate vicinity and injurious
to their vested interests.
Mr, Reid adds that it
tutional to establish such a
foreat preserve ;
A letter from Anson Phelpa Stokes save
that the consumptive hospital should be es-
tablished where patients would not be brought
eo nearly in contact with those who have al-
ready established themselves at large ex-
pense in that {mmediate neighborhood and
Suggests that a site ithe St. Law-
rence River watershed
Dr. Ransom, who has been the prison phy-
aielan at Clinton Prison, Pannemora, for the
past twelve years, made the principal argu-
ment in favor of the Dannermora site
“Only two members of the trustees
the Dannemora s said Dr. Ransor ‘and
we think they sheuld all come there and give
usa full hearing, We are on the dryest slope
of the Adirondack range, and our climatic
conditions are superior to those of Lake Clear,
The prison consurmptives are all sent toe Dan-
nemora and 1 have treated hundreds of cases,
The percentage of consumptive deaths at
Dannemora is leas than in the Lake Clear and
Saranac regions The Lake Clear site would

lunconsti-
the

would be
bosrital in

he selected o

visited

 

 

 

be exper while that at Dannemora would
be given th the State

Dr, Albert Vanderveer of Albany, and Dr
F. PD. Ferguson of Troy, formerly surgeon at
CHinton Prise advocated the Dannemora
site

Mr. Townsend and Dr, Pryor reviewed the
reasons which led them to select the Lake
Clear site, and sald that the arguments pre-

sented had notled them to change their views
Mr. ‘Townsend said that the site would cost
ber yeep $10,000 and $12,000, The trustees

|

|
|

Pao-ting-fu were
furlouwh or. at 8 aside,
leaving only the Rey. Horace Tracy Pitkin,
Miss Mary S. Morriil and Miss Annie A. Geould
there with a small band from other missions
when the crisis came They are reported to
have been killed on July 1 Every effort made
to reach the missionaries in Shansi Province
WAS Unsiceessfitl, and they are all believed to

members of the force at

absent on the

 

   

  

have been massaored by orders of the Chinese
Governor bite ii duly Ih American Board's
loss here was tive men, five women and five
children, as follows. The Kev. and Mrs, Dwight
" ' Rev. Francia W. Davis, the Rev
Ge isa Rowena Bird, Miss
Mi ‘ i the Rev. and Mrs. ¢ irles
W. Price and ohild, the Rey. and Mrs. Ernest R

ildren
icl his report of the
sald “Misste work in every

 

situation, Dr
form

 

  

ofanentire
gether with

    

mitt mary
ind in every place is at an end This is the
SUPE e disaater, a new event in the history of

rd, the extinction by viclence
The mission property, t

milsston

the personal effects of missionarie is been
festroved at Tung-cho, Pekin, halgan, Pao-
ting-fu, and Lin-Ching; undoubtedly every-
thing in Shansi is gone: one iniosionary resi-

 

denee in Tlentain hasbeen burned
acore in out stations have been dest
total loss, at a low ite, must
hundreds of thousands of dollars. F
of missionary life there is no moneys

ved. Th
amount to

     

estiry

valve we

think
sinh

 
    

 

dimly realize its meaning when we 0
those three desolate homes {n Ohio, where wife
and children will never see the face of husband

For the wholesale slaug!iter
iistians there ls a@iso ne !

and father again
of the native Cl
pensation!

Dr Smith then dented
that the missionaries were responsible for the
outbreak Taking up the question of what
{s to be done, he said that large special con-
tributions from the churches would be neces.
sary to renew the work at once fle said there
would be no lack of volunteers to fill the places
of those who had beer ed and the quicker
the work was resumed the better The Boxers

  

rapelsby the |

 

THOSE 8100-A-WEEK ATRIKERS.

Fight Is Over Recognition of Engravers’
Unton—Filling Strikers’ Places.

The Tiffany establishment in Union Square
was surrounded again yesterday by pickets
sent by the fifty copperplate printers and
engravers on strike at the company's factory
at Forest Hill, N. J., in order to see that no
non-union engravers were engaged for the
$100-a-week places which they gave up to @o
on atrike, The pickets wore diamond rings
and other Jewelry and thelr appearance re-
flected the prosperity which ‘Tiffany & Co
say has been theirs. They wore the latest
cut in clothes and carried walking sticks. Now
and then one of the pickets would disappear
and soon return with a bundle of choice, black
clgars which would be passed around, Then
and down the
block twirling their sticks and puffing on thelr
clears

It wos sald at Tiffany & Co.'s yesterday that
in res; onse to thelr advertisements for men
who wanted to earn the wages that the striker
got, applications had been received by the
hundre« The factory, it was said, waa rup-
ning with a few engravers already secured
and more would be employed soon

Considerable inconvenience has been caused
to Tiffany & Co. by the strike, but it was said
yesterday that the firm had no in antiop of
vielding and was not at all intimidated by
the show made by the pecuere A notice that
there will be delay in filling orders for engray~
ing has been sent out to the firm's patrons.
This delay, it was suid yesterday, would not
be long, and all work éontracted for woul
be ready on time. The firm has succeeded
in placing a great deal of its engraving work
among the trade, and has not been tied up, a8
the strikers expected it would be A repre-
sentative of Tiffany & Co. said vesterday

"This strike is the most ridiculous one T ever
heard of, as is evidenced in the prosperous
appearance of those who are acting aa pickets
Up till the time they struck they had heen earn-
ing wages that would take the average skilled
artiaan'’s breath away We have never recog-
nized any unfon in that kind of work and don't
propose to These men want us to recognize
the Brotherhood of Copperplate Engravers,
which is fighting the itional Copperplate
Engravers It ix not a strike to get higher
wos Thit wou'd bo the limit of absurdity
They think that tf this establishment recog.
nizes their union it will put them on top and
result in the other union golng out of business
They want us to use the union label and agree
to a lot of rules regarding the management
‘ wir shop, and we don’t propose to have
anything to do with either union,”

OF SUGAR CANE,

 

 

NEW VARIETY

Experiment Station Produces One That Will
Vield 30 Per Cent, More Sagar,
Oct. 11.—Prof. William C,
director of the United States Sugar
Experiment Station in Loulsfana, the only
one in this country, announces that after years
of experiment he has developed a sugar cane
yield 30 per cent, more @ugar than

NEW
Stubbs

ORLEANS,

that will

any of the canes grown in Louisiana, Texas

rtRe loss |

it length the charge |

must not be permitted to believe that they
had driven the missionaries out. Dr, Smith |
concluded

Whey we want to China with the gospel
it was to satay and conquer, and nothing has

  

to change ou ir

great |

happened
a@ stunning blow
ani a temporary check: b
crushing disaster It is the Bull Run and
the Fredericksburg of our campaign: the Wile
derness, Richmond and Appomattox lie before
us And all the voices of earth'y wisdom, and
all the trumpets of the skias, and all the ex-
amples of Christian history, and the blood of
our martyred dead, summon us to these later
and greater deeds, until the night is gone and
China {s won."

After Dr. Smith's report had been read there
was a discussion in which several returned
missionaries spoke The Rev Dr Henry
4 Stimson of New York, former pastor of
Pilgrim Chureh, where the sessions are being
held, said in reply to a reference to Catholic
missions in China: “It can be a source of

 

ses have come

met
it it is no

upon us

 

 

 

contrary to public polloy needlessly to establish | joy to no Christian heart to be told of mistakes

sir policy in China,

 
 
  

of Catholio missionaries in t!

 

In this city, the hea of the larg-
ext Jesuit province in the world except
New Orleans, wea are giad to rememe-

is due to the Jesuits alone that
respect for Chiristianity in the
Philipnine Islands. The Cathollo misstonartes
onened the way for missions in China and kept
Christianity alive thereduring the Middle Ages.
Thev will correct their mistake olley,
if ther have made them, as we wil irs, and
their faith will grow brighter and purer with
their persecutions and martyrdom as we hope
will our own.”

Dr. Stimson's remarks were received with
applause

The evening session was devoted to mission-
ary addresses and an address by President
Capen

her that. it
there is any

  

  

CROOKED EXAMINATION PAPERS,

Commissioner Dykman's Statement of
Case of One Fireman,

William N. Dykman, the Civil Service Come

missioner who caused the examination pac

pers of a certain fireman to be examined by

David N. Carvalho, the handwriting expert,

was much annoyed at the story printed in Tur

 

the

SUN yesterday morning, giving the findings
of the expert and showing that fraud had been
practised. Mr. Dykman denied that’ more
than one set of papers were under
suspicion at this time This set, it ape
pears, was handed in at an examination
lof firemen for promotion held a year ayo
this month Of all the papers handed

agreed to look further into the Dannemora |

site,

MIDDLETOWN'S CELEBRATION,

Parade Five Miles in Length, Followed by
Band Concerts— Fireworks tn the Evening.
MIpDPLETOWN, Conn., Oct. 11.—The second

and last day of Middletown's celebration ‘of

its 250th anniversary brought out the largest
crowd that the old town has ever seen. Every
dome, window and roof and every foot of side-
walk on the main thorouglif rowded,
and every dwelling and business house was
decorated with fagsand bunting. The feature
of the day was the parade, over five miles
in length. The parade was intended to
show the city's advancement since its
birth. The students of euch educational
institution In the city marched in a

body. headed by ita faculty. Old Weslevan
turned out with nearly 400 men, each class
dressed to represent its grade, the sophoe-
mores carrying paddies and the
dragging Weselewan’s historic cannon, over
which the two lower classes have their vearly
cannon ecrap The fire eormpanies of Middle~

ire were (

town, Chatham, Portland, Cromwell and
Middlefield, and‘ the labor, secret and other
organizations were also represented Fvery |

business house in the town of any tmportance |

Was reprmented by a Anat Fifteen

diacoursed the music for the oceasion
After the parade band concert. were given

by the Catholic Proteetory Band of New York

hands

eity, and Reeves's American Band of Provi-
dence. During the evening there was a dis.
play of flreworks from a barge anchored in

mid-river

 

MARRIED RFR; THOUGHT SHE'D DIF.

Left Her When She Got Well Now She Cen-
tests His Will, Though She Married Another,

Sact Lake, Utah, Oct. 11. Dr. Joho R Park,
Btate Superintendent of Public In-truetion, died
ia this city ten divs ago, leaving 4 will
queuthing to the State University his
fortune of about $60,.00. It was generally
understo.d that Park was never murried,
but since the publication of the will a@
woman, formerly Miss Armitage, but now
the wife of Policeman William Hilton, is con-

testing Park's wfllon the ground that she is his
legal wife. She says she was married to tim in
1872, and exhibits a certificate of marriage
sixned by DH, Wells, a Morinon elder. There
{ano public record of the marriage, no sueh
records being kept in Utah at thal time

The story ts that Miss Armitage, who was
fond of Park, was very sick and isked him to
marry her so that, according tothe Mormon be

he-
entire

Hef, they would be husband and wite in the
ext world Park's friends say he married
er under the belief that she was about
to % She got well, however, and
then Park would not live with her Years
fwrward, without geting «a divoree trom

‘ark, he married ililton, by whom she has u
large family. She, as Park's widow, claimea
widow's share in his es‘ate

ereby making he
children by Hilton legitim ae we

    

e To Cure a Cold in One Day
ake Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets All 4 .
iste refund the money if it falls to cure en’
Brove's sigupiure isoneach box. 250—Ade,

s

| ing

| used
freshmen |

| its next

in, only three sets were under suspicion and all
were thrown out, One of the candidates asked
that his case be reopened and the request was
wranted, The man asserted his innocence, but
Cornmisssioner Dykman was not quite satistied
avd submitted his set of papers to the expert,
with the result as stated Commissioner
Dykman issued the following further explan-
ati esterday and signed it
All this matter was published In the news-
papers at the time n August last one of
th men asked to be heard before the com-
mission, and at a meeting a week awo he was
heard, He did not seek pron otion or to have
his name placed upon the eligible list, but he
asked a chance to vindicate hls good name
fle stoutly averred his innocence and promptly
and without ejuivecation answered every
question put to him, The evidence against
him was in part ae difference in the
anpearance of his several papers, siimmest-
different inks or pens. The matter was
referred to me by the commission to obtain
the opinion of Mr
writing of thie one man and upon the inks
Accordingly, the paperm of this one
were sent to Mr Carvalho and he has
reported and his report will be laid
the Municipal Civil Service Com
meeting Mr Carvalho ha»

  

 

man

sston at

had no

| other papers referred to him

“WILLIAM N. DyYKMAN "

Despite Mr. Dykman'a statement, THe Stw
is infrared from the same source that its
absolutely correct information relating to
the findings of the handwriting ex pert was ob-
tained that something like ten other firemen
are involved in these disclosures

NO CALL FOR CAMPBELL MORGAN,

Said That He Will Not He Successor to Rey.
Dr. Bebrends.

A meeting of the committee of the Central Con-
gregational Church tn Brooklyn which was oe m-
missioned to look around for a successor to the
Rev.Dr. AJ F. Behrends,the late pastor, met last
night insecret session. It is understood tha! the

cominitte »agreed to presenta name at a meet-
ing of the congregation to-night. It willnot, it

 

 

  

said, be tha’ of the Rev. G Cimpbell Morgan
of London. Amongthe mit isters most promi-
nertliy mentioned {n connection with the v t
pastorate are the Kev Dr. M.W. Stryker, t °
dent «o: Hamilton Collewe: the Rev. Dr. Nehe-
miah Boynton of Detroit, and the Rey. Jor
Frank W. Gunsalus of the Central Church,
Chicago

 

Convent of Perpetaal Adoration Dedicated.

WASHINGTON, Oct. 11,-The Convent of Per-
petual Adoration was dedicated this afternoon
at 5 o'clook by Cardinal Gibbons, assisted by
Arclibishops Keane of Dubuque, Elder of ( in-
cinnati and Christie of Oregon and a number of
prie-ta. The services were attended by a lurge
number of prominent Catholics of this ects
The convent ison V street, between Fourteenth
and Fifteenth streets, on grounds adjoining St
Pau (hareh., It was erected by Mrs, Thomas
FP. Ryanot New York in memory of her hus-
band. Thesix nuns who are to have charge of
the convent have recently arrived from Eu-
rope

Register To-day!

To-day is the first day of registration and to-
morrow the secord. Friday and Saturday of
next week are the ast days. Register w-day,

ose We have |

 

 

| lawyer of
a daughter of the late Stephen H. Bullardof |

States, and that will
ih revolutionize the sugar industry.
The experiment station has been testing for
the last ten years various kinds of sugar cana,

other Southern

 

   
 

importing them from Java, the Philippines,
Hawall, Hravil and other cane sugar produc-
ie intries, to find @ variety adapted to
Louisiana. The present improved cane comes
from Trinidad and is one of several varieties

imported from there six years ago and with
which Prof, Stubbs has experimented Fince,
He has finally secured a cane that is specially
adapted for cultivation in the south and that
will at the same time increase the sugar output
forthe acreage. He said

‘We now have two varieties of cane derived
from the original Trinidad cane that will yield
aS tons to the acre and 16 per cent. of sugar
to the juice, whereas the cane now in use yields

from thirty to thirty-five tons to the acre and
| 12 per cent, sugar to the juice. The new cane
nS deep Pooled and strong aba tnuen

owas
eet than the ordinary Louisiana plant. The
Louisiana experiment stationhas nowa sufMflcient
supply of the cane to send to sugar planters
for planting purposes and willl begin sending
it out in a few Aaya, It will supply it_to the
sugar experiment stations in Cuba and Hawaii,

WOULDN'T TREAT WITH GOMPERS.

Cigar Firms Tarned Him Down When He
Came Here to Settic Thetr Strikes,

Gompers, President of the Amert-
nm of Labor, camo here from
and settle the

Samuel
can Federati
Washington yesterday to try
strikes of cigarmakers which have been tin
progress for more than six months. He had
conferences with Jacob Wertheim of the firm
of Kerbs, Wertheim & Schiffer and with re
resentatives of the tirms of Hirsc! form & Mack,
Harburger, Homan & Co., and other firms
whose employees are out, but failed to ac-
complish anything. He was told that the
firms concerned were willing to treat with
their emp! 3, but didn’t care to have any-
nag to with the union or its representa-
ti Gompers went away to the headquar-
ters of the strikers and made a speech. He
returned to Washington yesterday evening
saying that he would ask the Executive Coun-
ell of the American Federation of Labor to
act

 
    
 

 

THERE'S A STRIKE AT THE WALDORF.

Six Upholsterers Obey the Unton and Lose

Their Jobs—Hotel Not Inconventenced,

Six of the seven upholsterers employed
in the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel went on strike
yesterday at the callof the Custom Upholsterers’
Union to enforce a demand for union wages.
Their places were or mptly filled by other
upholsterers, The Upholsterers’ Union demands
$65 a month and board for the upholsterers
Assistant Manager Haight pays $60 and board,
but refuses to recognize the union's Fignt to
fix Wages or to make any contract with It,

Manager the hotel said yester-
day that there was no dissatisfaction until
the union delegates came around. ‘The trouble
was insignificant, he suid, and the hotel wasn't
inconver fenced

The few people who struck,” he added,
‘or at least some of them, want to come back,
but there is no room for them now.”

 

 

Thomas of

 
 
  
 

 

 

Terre Haute's Street Railway Strike to Be
Arbitrated.
Tenne Harte, Ind, Oct. t1.—A board of

arbitration for the Street Railway strike was
compl ted to-day and the men reported for
work pend nga finaldeci-ion. Maniger Kidder
disc arged the Jinemen ad firemen, and a re
newa!l of the str was threatened until he
agreed to put the men to work in the morning

 

Day--Ballard.

Roston, Oct. 11.—President Eliot of Harvard
Universtiy gave his nieee, Miss Mary I. Bullard,
in marriage to-day to Frank H. Day, a voung
Rochester, Eng. Miss Bullard is

Boston. Kine’s Chapel, where the ceremony was

) performed, held a fashionable assemblage at

Carvalho upon the hand- |

hefore |

; felt ill,

noon. The Rev. Howard N. Brown, the pastor,
officiated. The bride enterd on the arm of
Provident Kiiot The best man was_R
Wilde of England. The ushers were Francis
Bullard, Francis Shaw, Philip Cabot, Charies E
Kuimpson, Heney Luee, Henry Foote, Francois
Sears and KR Clipston Sturgis

Dog Lives in Galveston Debris 84 Daya With-
out Food or Drink,

GALVESTON, Tex., Oct. 11.-—-For the firat time
since the hurricane electric lights were burning
in the inhabited portion of Galveston to-night
teen bodies were taken from the ruins to-

This morning workmen engaged In re-
moving debris from Sixteenth steeet and Ave-
nue M extricated from beneath the drift a
po die dow more dead thin alive. The dog had
vweon confined in the place thirty-four days
without fo dor water, and was a mass of skin
and bones. It will probably live.

Ah Chung Smoked One Pipe Too Many.

Ab Chung of 70 Fast Third street got another
Chinaman to watch bis jaundry yesterday and
went to Chinatown, where he smoked oplum all

day. He returned home at 7 o'clock and said
he must have smoked one pi'e too many, as he
Hewas removed to Bellevue Hoapital

hig
day

| and died there of opium poisoning at 100'clock.

 

 

 

Leaves the Boston and

Amos Blanchard

Boston, Oct. 11.—Amos Blanchard, who has
been treasurer of the Boston and Maine Rail-
road for twenty-six vears, retired from that
office vesterday and Aasistunt Treasurer Her-
bert Fisher was promoted to fill the vacancy
by the directors

Cabman Arrested for a Watch Theft.
Albert Sehneider, a cabman of 258 West 123d
was locked up last night in the West
Mth street police station on suspicion that he

had stolen a $125 wateh from Charlies 8 Hayes
of 60 West Ninety-third street on Oct. 2, when
Mr Hayes had fallen asleep in his cab His
wateh cham was cut when he awoke and the
wateh gon

atreet

 

 

Maybe You Prefer Brookiyn,
Apartments and dwellings in Brooklyn as @om-
pared with other localities, Read Sunday's SUN; you
Will God much to interest you—Ade

THE SUN

—_—_———

HALL OF FAME ELIGIBLES.

OF 23 NAMES NOW CHOSEN, GRANT'S

 

KR. W. Emerson Drops to Third Place-Names
of Statesmen Will Be Taken Up To-day,
After Which Final List Will Be Announced

~ Three Judges Yet to He Heard From,
Twelve more names were added to the list
of those eligible for the Hall of Fame, atthe
second canvass of the votes of the judges held
yesterday inthe conference room of the Wash-
ington Square Building. The total list now
numbers twenty-three, and Chancellor Mac-
Cracken says he expects the number to reach
| thirty-five when the list is complete, leaving
fifteen names to be filled by the senate within
the next five years Three Judges are atill to
be heard from, the vote of Mr. Richard Watson

| Gilder having been received yesterday
full list of names to date, twenty-three in all,
in as follows, the figures after each represent-
ing the number of votes cast out of a possible
ninety-seven:

Ulysses Simpson Grant, 92; John Marshall,
91; Ralph Waldo Emerson, &7; Robert
Fulton, 85; Henry W. Longfellow, 8%; Washing-
ton Irving, &3; Jonathan Edwards, #1; Samuel
F. B. Morse, 80; David Glaxgow Farragut, 70
Nathaniel Hawthorne, 78; George Peabody, 72;
Robert E. Lee, 60, Peter Cooper, 68; Eli Whitney,
67; John James Audubon, 67: Horace Mann,
67; Henry Ward Beecher, 46; James Kent, 65;
Joseph Story, 64; William Ellery Channing, 58;
Flias Howe. 82: Gilbert Stuart, 62: Asa Gray, 51

The direct result of yesterday's count was
to displace Emerson from the lead, Ulysses
S Grant and John Marshall, both passing
him. Grant has polled the largest vote of

the entire number so far, only five judges fall-
ing toselect his name, Prof. Hinsdale of Michl-
aan, Chief Justices Nichols of Louisiana, and
Nicholson of Delaware, Whitelaw Reid of New
York, and Bishop Hurst of Washington. Bishop
Hurst refrained from voting for a single soldier
or sailor

President Eliot of Harvard voted for the
seven scientists named in the ballot, President
| Hadley of Yale confined bimself to Audubon,
Gray and Henry; President Low of Columbla
voted for Gray, but not for Audubon. Ex-
President Cleveland yoted for Audubon and

Silliman, asx did E. (. Stedman of New York.
Whitelaw Reid voted for billlman. Albert
Shaw selected no scientists

 

None ofthe engineers secured the necessary 51
although Capt, James hads polled 42 The
of the votes cast for judges and lawyers
resulted in the selection of John Marshall,
as was expected, James Kent and Joseph
Story the vote for musicians, painters
and seulptors was the lightest of any class
counted, Gilbert Rtuart being the only narme
in the class to receive the necessary number

The most interesting class taken up was
that of soldiers and'sailors. Gen Grant was
the unanimous choice of the university and
college presidents. Robert BE. Lee polled a
large vote, the Southern States all voting for
him. David G. Farragut was the only sailor
to receive the necessary number

Ine last class considered was that of dis-
tinguished men and women not ineluded in
other classes, Of the three in thia clase two
were wormen but all failed of election, Martha

 

count

Washington polled 14 votes and Charlotte
‘Cushman, 12 At the conclusion of the count
Chancellor MacCracken announced that the

final count would be made at 2 o'clock to-day,
when the names of the statesmen would be
taken up. At 4 P. M. the University Senate
will meet and listen to the report of the can-
voassing committee. after which the final list
will be immediately announced

CHINESE GUARD KILLED HIM.

Version of Von Kettler'’s Morder Which Shows
Chinese Authorities’ Responsibility.

The Pekin and Ticntain Timea gives the fol-

| lowing account of the murder of Baron Von

| Kettler, the German Minister in Pekin, which
Beers to give more weight than some of the
previous ones to the assertion that the crime
was ordered by the Chinese authorities;

“The evidence of reaponsible persons com-
ing down from Pekin shows that the murder
of the German Minister was deliberately planned
and organized by certain members of the Tsung-
li-Yamen, if not by the Empress Dowager her-
self The Minister and his secretary, Mr
Cordes, left for the yamen in good faith, in
opie of the somewhat suspicious terms of the
ultimatum sent into the legations giving them
twenty-four hours to leave, and neither of them
carriedarma, They were accomipenied by a guard,
but haf wa. to the yamen, When the Minister
hoped to be able to reason with the Chinese
the, were met by a Chinese guard who vol-
unteered to escort Baron von Ke'tler, and re-
quested him to send hls own men back Be-
lieving it was al) right, he ordered his guard to
return, and no sooner were they out of sight
than the Chinese guard treacherously fired a
volley into the Minister's chair, The narrative
of Mr. Cordes, who,after receiving two or three
shote in his thigh, affected his escape, is littia

 

   

 

short of marvellous. Half stunned

blindly up a side street, half « ‘

went that the guard considered his
ca hopeless and would not
follow He stumbled on through

crowded byways, the Chinese staring silently
at him but offering no hindrances, only one
remarking: There goes a forelener who has
ot his deserts.” Hatless and weakening rapidly
rom his wounds, his run soon became a walk,
and he believes he stumbled and in bending
must have caught a plece of wood, as we pres-

 

| jece, Before he reached the compound of
he American mission he had been reduced
to erawling, and only remembers with gereat
difficulty dragging himself within view of
some native converts who were building a
barricade against Boxer depredations, and

the men. seeing him fall took him into the
| mission, whence he waa carried to the German
and subsequently to the British legation

 

e

   

CAPT, GODDARD WONT RETRACT.

Sticks to It That Whitaker Lost His Job by
Runoing for the Senate,

William EB. Paine, general manager of the
Carroll Box and Lumber Company, at the foot
of Fast Eighteenth street, called yesterday with
his lawyer, Thomas Gilloran, on Capt. F. Norton
Goddard, Republican leader of the Twentieth
Assermnbly distriet and demanded a retraction
of the statement Ende by Capt. Goddard at t!¢

| dinner he gave to his election district captain
; on Monday evening, that their candidate for
Senate, William Whitaker, had been dis-
charged, on account of his activity in Repub-
lican polities, from his Job with the Carroll Box
and Lumber Company, for which he was an
outside foreman, Whitaker says that = Mr,
Paine told him he must refuse the Republican
nomination for Senator in the Eighteenth dis-
triet or else must leave the company’s employ
| When Mr. Paine and Mr Gilloran called,
' Capt. Goddard sent for Mr. Whitaker and got
a statement from him in which he said that
on Sept. 244 Mr. Paine told him that hecouldn't
attend to business and run for the Senate too,
that Mr. Whitaker resigned, that later Mr
Paine told him to take a leave of absence and
that one of the reasons Mr. Paine gave for not
wishing Mr. Whitaker to continue in his em-
ploy and also run for the Senate was that he
would reditce the majority of Dock Commissioner
| Charles ko Murphy in the Eighteenth district
and make it hard for the company to wet favors
of the Dock Commissioners
Capt. Goddard did not retract

the

AIS LEGS CRUSHED UNDER A CAR.

Fremont Remained Conscious and Heard
Caimly the News That He Must Lose a Limb.

| Francis M_ Fremont of 56 Weat 104th street
| who is an agent for a machine company hav-
ing offices in the Havemeyer Building, fell
under the wheels of an Fighth avenue car as he
was leaving it at Church and Cortlandt streets
last night, and his legs were terribly erushed

Ho was removed to the Hudson street hospi-
tal, where it was found necessary to ampu-
tate his right leg just below the knee The
bones of his left foot are badly fractured
| but the doe tors think that can be saved

Mr Fremont remained conscious from the
|

time of the accident till his leg was amputated
He took the news that he was to lose his leg
calmly

Herman Kudder, the motorman, was arrested

Regtster To-day!

Manhattan, The Bronx and Brooklyn must reg-
{ster 220,408 voters to-day to equal the record of
1406 And they are bgwer than they were in
1s06

Hattleships at the Navy Yard.

The battleship Indiana came outof dry dock

j in the navy yard in Brooklyn yesterday and

| the battles. ip Massachusetts was floated in. It

is expected that the indiana wil! sail forthe

League Isiand Nay’ Yard to-morrow, where she

willbe held in reserve. The Massachusetts will
follow her in a few days.

Missing Since Oct, 5.

A general alarm was eont out from Police
Headquarters yesterday for T. Allen, 61 years
old, of 374 Twelfth street, Brooklyn, who has
not been seen by his friends rince Oct. 5. He i
described as about 6 feet 8 inches in height and
weighing 200 poucds,

Oe ea ee te A HS tS tah nee hrm 8

» FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1900.

The |

ently found he was shading his eves with a |

RS PPT Awa SRN OO EIT USERID WW TP ROT Re coe wwe
> . ; ‘ Lg ie.
Straten Ur etary eee ie . aS

   

 

JERSEY ENDEAVORERS MEET.

They Tell) What They Have Done and Listen to
Addresses by the Rev, Mr, @heldon.

The fourteenth annual convention of the
New Jersey Christian Endeavor Union was
opened yesterday in the Bergen Baptist Church,
Madison and Clinton avenues, Jersey City
The Rev. John C. Allen of Jersey City presided
Mayor Fdward Hoos welcomed the delegates
on behalf of the city. State Treasurer BF
Anthony reported the total receipta for the
year $1,027 08 and disbursements $081 08, leaving

 

 

 

tie Ep oe

     

|

|
|

a balance of $06.05. Miss Ida B Stephens,
State Secretary, reported a total of #1 new |
organizations during the year, as follows: |
Twenty-nine Youn People's societies, 43

Junior societies, & Tnterinediate societies and
1 Mothers’ Society. The State roll includes
781 Young People's societies, 426 Junior socle-
ties, 10 Intermediate societies and & Mothers’
socleties The total membership in the State
js 20,542, Eighteen denominations are rep-
resented, the Prasbyterians leading with 267
societies

The Kev, Charles M. Sheldon of Topeka,
Kan., talked to the Endeavorers last night at
neetings#s in the Bergen Baptist and the First
’resbyterian churches, and at two over-
ow meetings. He remarked that few men
nowadays would be willing to take Christ in
phelr business as a partner and let him see
row they make money. He said schools shoul
be established to educate men who seek political
office to become Christlans. He hoped. the
time would soon arrive when prohibitory laws
will be passed similar to those in his native
State, where liquor has not been legally sold in
twenty yeurs. In one Kansas town, he sald,
the absence of saloons caused the officials to
close the jal for want of prisoners and farmers
stored corn in it. The Rev. Francis FB. Clark
of Boston, the father of the Christian Endeavor
movement, made four short addresses

PERJURY, SAYS MERRILL.

Four Witnesses in Assani¢t Case Arrested for
False Swearing.

Eaward Pfistner, 19 years old, of Corona,
L. 1, was convicted in the Queens County Court
before Judge Moore yesterday afternoon of
criminally assaulting Mary Kuck, 14 vVears
old, After the verdict was rendered District
Attorney Merrill arose and demanded the ar-
rest of four of the witnesses who, by their evti-
dence, had made it appear that Pfistner’s gullt
wha impossible, District Attorney Merril! de-
manded their arrest on a charge of perjury
The witnesses who, it is alleged, swore falsely
were Henry Pfistner, father of the prisoner,
and John Lueck of Corona and Henry Kuhre
and Nicholas O'Donnell of this eity. The four
men were apprehended in the corridors of
the eourt and locked ur

After the crime for which Pfistner was con-
victed was brought to the attention of the
authorities he clea npeared fie was finally
found at Woodstock, TI, where he was warning
onafarm. During hia summing up Mr. Merril
bitterly arralaned the Police Department for
the loose way they had conducted the case
against the prisoner.

SHAPT STRUCK HIM IN THE THROAT.
Cyclist Went Home Not Knowing That His
Windpipe Was Ruptured,

Mariano Mangero of 315 East 113th street,
riding a bicyele down First avenue yesterday
afternoon, was knocked down by a wagon,
which was crossing 112th street. The shaft
struck him {n the neck. He refused to makea
complaint against the driver of the wagon,
Frederick Harlow of 251 Thompson street,
and rode hoine on his wheel.

At 9 o'clock last night Polleeman MeCauley
was called into Mangero’s home and asked to
send for an ambulance. When Dr. Vivvings
of Harlem Hospital got there he found that
Mangero’'s body had swollen totwice its natural
size. An examination showed that the man’s
windnipe was ruptured. He was taken to the
hospital and an operation was. stccessfully
performed torelieve him. He will recover, the
doctors say.

But the Thought of Being Found itn a Hos-
pital Made Ten-Year-Old Skate Home Quick,
Ten-vear-old Henry Seedorf, of 167 West

Thirteenth street, put on his roller skates yes

terday afternoon and hitched onte wagons
golng up and down Fifth avenue. In front
of the Metropolitan Club at Sixtieth street

he stumbled over a stone and fell under the
wheels of a hansom cab in which two women
were riding. One of the wheels which was
rubber tired, passed over his back. fle was
taken to the Presbyterian Hospital but when
he got his wind again he told the doctors he
wanted to go home. The doctors wanted
to keep him in the hospital

“No” said Henry, “if me mudder finds me
in a ae I'll wet licked.”
' Phen he put on his skates again and rolled
nome

SKULL FRACTURED BY A PALL,

Roosevelt Hospital's Late Chemist Picked Up
laced on the Sidewalk and May Die,

Policeman Martineau saw ainan lying on the
sidewalk apparently dazed at Mercer and
Bleecker streets abouts o'clock last night. He
called an ambulance from St. Vincent's Hospi-
tal, Ambulance Surgeon Keely discovered that
the frontal bone of the mans skull wae frac
tured, The man said he was Bobert J. Mili, a
chemistemployed in Roosevelt Hospital, His
condition is serious. Milis said that he had
fallen while walking along the street. At the
hospital it was sald that Mills had recently left
tho institution's service.

HEART CUT IN

 

 

HORSE'S TWAIN.
Planged Through a Window and Broken
Glass Penetrated Its Rody.

Port Curster, N. Y.,Oct. 11.--A horse driven
by Charles Howley ran away this evening in
King street. The animal turned the corner at
Adee street and plunged throuch a plate glass
window into the barroom of Jacob) Hess less
and his customers ran out When. they came
back they found the anima! dead large
piece of glass penetrated his heart and cut itin
two

Trying Naval Cadets for Hazing.

ANNAPOLIS, Md, Oct. 11.—The Nava! Court
Martial, trying cadets for hazing, finished the
testimony to-day in the cnse against Cadet
Radford, and adjourned until to-morrow to
permit him to make a etatoment. The wit-
nesses to-day cave the cadets a good name,
two oflcers beng among the number As
there are several more cases to be tried the
investigation will last a week or so longer

 

    
 

To find her beauty
fading, and feel her
strength slowly
slipping away.
Worry only makes
matters worse, In
such a crisis the
wise woman acts.
She looks around
for help, and finds
it in . Pierce's
Favorite Prescrip-
tion. * No other
medicine has done
80 much for weak
and feeble women
as “Favorite Pre-
scription,” It cures female weakness and
diseases of the delicate organs which
undermine woman's strength and mar
her beauty. It makes weak women
strong, sick women well,

Mrs. W. J. Kidder, of Mill Dale Parm (Enos-
burg Center), Enosburg, Vt., writes: "Your
kindly advice and medicines have brought me
great relief During the past year I found
myself pregnant and in ra Maly failing health,
1 suffered dreadfully from bloating and urinary
difficulty. I was growing weaker each day and
suffered much sharp pain at times, I felt that
something must be done. / sought your adrice
and vractived a prompt weply, I took twelve
bottles of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription, and
also followed your instructions, I began to im-

rove immediately, my health became excel-
ent, and I could do all my own work (we live
on a good sired wg I walked and rode all I
could, and enjoyed had a short, easy com
Ginement, and have a healthy baby boy.”

Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure foul
breath, by curing its cause,

SSS SSNS
eee

 

KILLED BOY AND HIMSELF:

HOWARD'S TOVS WERF UNSUCCESSFUL
AND HIS HEALIH WAS POOR,

He Sent His Wife on an Errand So He Might
Do the Deed The Roy Held One of His
Vather'’s Tove in Death The Father's
Hrother and Sister Committed Saicide.

Alexander H. T. Howard, 40 years old, an
insurance agent, newspaper writer and toy
inventor, shot and killed his eight-year-old
son Leigh and then shot and killed bimeelf
yesterday afternoon at his home, 22 Gunther
place, Brooklyn. It is believed that he was
insane He = left the house about
9 o'clock yesterday morning, with the inten-
tion, as his wife supposed, of going to the Brook-
lyn office of the Prudential Jusurance Company
at $46 Fulton street, where he had been employed
as an agent for several years. He returned
about noon, and after telling his wife that he
didn't feel well and intenced to remain at home
for the rest of the day, requested her to go down
town and deliver two letters which he handed
her, one of which was addressed to Mr. Shire,
the assistant superintendent at the Insurance
office, and the other to a Mrs Finley, afriend
of the family.
Notsuspecting that there wasanything wrong
Mrs. Howard started off with the letters, leav-
ing the father and son alone in the house. She

left a letter at the office for Mr. Shire and then
went to Mrs. Finley's house. Mrs. Finley was
not at home and Mrs. Howard left the letter
for her and then went to her own house, having
been absent about an hour. Not finding her
husband atd the boy anywhere on the upper
floors, she went down to the basement and dis-
covered them lying side by side apparently
dead in the laundry yack ofthe kitchen. Blood
flowed from wounds in the right temple of each
and there was a revolver clogs by her husband's
right arm

Mrs. Howard ran to the front door eoreaming
and when the neighbors came she gave a brie
and excited recital of the tragedy. Then she
collapsed and became hysterical An ainbu-
lance was summoned from St, Mary's Hospital
and on its arrival Dr. Pasquale announced that
father and son were dead. ‘The boy had evi-
dently been piaying when the father placed
the revolver at his head, for he had still firmly
rasped in his hand a little toy which his father
iad invented and which had been the boy's
favorite playthin
It is clear that the man had planned the
tragedy before he came home and had ar-
ranged to have hls wife absent, so_ that she
mist not witness it. The letter to Mr. Shire
contained simply a request that he should
come to the house as quickly as possible and
bring Mrs. Shire along. The letter to Mrs

Finley was more specific. It notified her
that he was going to kill himself, having be-
come utterly tired of life, and requested her

to break the news as gently as possible to his
It is clear that he expected that Mrs.
binley would be at home when his wife called
with the letter and that its contents would
nh & measure prepare her for the discovery
en she returned home
For several months Howard had almost
entirely neglected his insurance business,
devoting most of his time to efforts to get a
market for the various children’s toys and
eclentific devices he had invented, particularly
what he called a ‘Hough Kider’ bank. Hemet
with little success in these ventures and became
very despondent. He was in ill-health also
He never indicated that he intended to kill
himsel!, and his devotion to his son was marked.
Previous to his connection with the insurance
company he wrote for a New York pa er and
the Newark Advertiser, Subsequentiy he cone
tributed occasionally to the Sctent “c American,
He had carried an insurance of $1,000 on his
lite for several years
General Superintendent Benjamin F. Bates
of the Prudential Insurance Compeny said:
“Mr. Howard has been in the employ of the
company for the last five years. He was a
collecting agent, and his work was mostly
outside the office. I think he called at the office
for the last time yesterday morning. For the
last two years Mr. Howard has constantly com-
plained of ill health and has said that the an-
xieties of business gave him no peace of
mind He had hoped to get rich
out of his toy inventions and Geappcintment
over his failures may have turned his mind.
His relations with thts office were satisfactory
in every particular. He was very fond of his
boy, and frequently brought him down to the
office." It was sald at the Liberty avenue
lice station last night that a brother of How-
ard committed muicide a year ago by shooting
himself, and that a sister hanged herself three
years ago,

wife

awaiting her w

 

ODITUARY,

Walter Flower, former Mayor of New Orleans
and popularly known as “the best Mayor that
the city ever had,” dled yesterday at Cov
ington, La, aged 50 years, Ho was 4 native
of East Feliciana parish, La. In his early
years he entered the profession of journalism
in New Orleans and also practised law, but
he left them to enter the cotton business. The
firm of Flower, King & Putnam was one of the
most successful in both cotton and sugar.
Mr. Flower was twice elected President of
the New Orleans Cotton Exchange, managing
{ts affairs admirably through the great cotton
strike, An invalid from his infancy, he re
tired from business in 1803 independently rich.
In 180¢, when the Citizens’ League, or inde-
pendent movement, was organized in New
Orleans to put an end to the rule of the Demo-
eratio ring, Mr. Flower was elected Mayor
by an overwhelming majority. He put the city
on a good financial basis again and started
the work of drainage and sewerage now under
way. He was nominated as an independent
candidate for Mayor in 1800, but although
he ran far ahead of hia ticket was defeated
b p iitieal combinations. To this defeat
hfs death was largely due, as he felt hurt by
the popular repudiation after what_ he had
done for New Orleans. He was Vice-President
of the Municipal League of the United States.
He voted for McKinley in 1806.

Simeon H. Barrett, one of the oldest reai-
dents of Malden, Maas, died at his home in
that city on Wednesday. He was one of the
best-known gunners in the country and was
an authority on water fowl. He worked in
his father’s dye establishment at Malden for
several years but at the age of 28 gave up
that business and became a market gunner
His love for that sport was #o great that he
had stuck to it ever since, although during the
last few years, he followed it simply for pleas-
He had shot birds in every State east

ure
of the Mississippi, his chief hunting grounds
being in Wisconsin and on Cape Cod He

had a shooting stand at Conomo Point, Essex,
which he has occupied for forty years, and
had shot thousands of duck and other water
fowl there. He was_a member of the Ancient
and Honorable Artillery Company of Boston
and leaves a son and daughter,

Sophia Holmes, one of the first. colored
women appointed to a place under the Gov.
ernment and for many years an employee
of the Treasury Department, died in Wash-
ington on Wednesday at the age of 70. In
1803, while at work in the Department, she
found a large bundle of greenbacks in a waste
basket which she res'ored to Treasurer Spinney
This resulted in a request from the Treasurer
that she be retained on the rolls of the Depart-
ment during her lifetime. She afterward
assisted in the detection of a thief who at-
tempted to steal a bundle of notes from the
counting room of the Treasury

Mrs. Katherine Van Nest Weston died at
her home in New Brunswick yesterday after-
noon, She had been seized with convulsions
during the night and lapsed into unconscious-
ness as the result of an acute attack of Bright's
disease Mrs Weston was closely identified
with New Brunswick's literary and social life
She did much for Rutgers College, of which
her father is a trustee She never fully re-
eovered from the shock caused by the death
of her son, Henry Janeway Weston, three
years ago

Capt. A. P. Fritcher, owner and manager
of the Union Hotel and Fritcher Opera House
for a quarter of a century, died at his home in
Fort Plain: N.Y. yesterday. Lately owing
to poor health he had lived a retired life. Capt
Fritcher was born in Syracuse 5 vears
ago, and prior to becoming a hotel and theat-
rical man had owned and conducted boats no
the Frie Canal

Mrs John Lawless died at Madison, Wis,
on Wednesday at the age of 108 years. Up
to her last illness, which began ten days ago,
she retained all her mental faculties; eould
read without glasses and was able to move
about without assistance, She was born in
County Mayo, Ireland

Gordon Bainbridge Brooks, son of George
Gordon Brooks of 1181 Bergen atreet, Brooklyn,
died on Tuesday at Asheville, N.C, where he
had been for sometime He was 26 years old
He was a member of the Twenty-third Regi-
ment and several Brooklyn clubs

Martin Collins, 50 years old. a wealthy resi-
dent of Jersey City, died suddenly yesterday
morning at his home, 112 Glenwood avenue
He was engawed in the live stock business at

| the Central Stock Yards

i

 

Register To-day!

The registration places aresopen to-day from
7 A. M to 10 P.M Register to-day and beat
the record of 220,408 registered in New
York and Kings counties on the first day in
1806

Porto Ricans Give to Galveston,

The Citizens’ Relief Committee of the Ver-
chante’ Association reported yesterday a col-
lection_of $494.15, received by it from 1.250
Porto Ricans, throuch the San Juan News, Ban
Juan, Porto Rico, to be applied for the benefit
of the Galveston sufferers.

 

OO

 

It’s a wise man that knows
his own style,
A seemingly stylish style

No. 2
on some one else isn’t
necessarily becoming to
you.

xo.s You must pay for it to see
one style on yourself—
tailor-made.

No. « Doesn't cost you a penny

here to see, one by one,
all the styles.
Fall overcoat styles are:
Yoke-back, raglan, paddock,
covert; long, mediutn long, short;
silk-lined to edge, to buttonhole,
to facing; serge-lined; light and
dark colors; rough and smooth
cloths.
#15 to &35.

Roarers, Perr & Company.

255 Broadway, cor. Warren,
and 7 and 9 Warren St

669 Broadway, cor. Prince

126 Broadway, cor. 824
and 54 West 33d St

We fill orders
by mall,

 

. The addition of
water, still or
carbonated, to

“Canadian
Club’
Whisky

does not afiect
the delightful
flavour and un-
mistakablo
aroma peculiar
to it, no matter
how great the
dilution. For
this reason @&
High Ball made
with"Canadian
Club” is a de-
lightful and sat-
isfying drink.
“CANADIAN CLUB’ Is bottled
under the control of the Ca

dian Government, which g
antees its age and genuineness

 

 

"4

   

Best Truss and Surest Cure for Rupture,
because you may PEEL our truss on you and put ft
fo severest test before you buy. Without binding
you up with heavy elastics, hard spring» or leg straps,
we Guaractee to retain the Kup ure completely all the
time. and, by the peculiar action of our patent pad
SUSPEND the muscles at opening of the rupture and
Allow them to contract—or Cure of Rupture

wee testimonial Large physicians’
FOTA
CHAS. CLUTHE CO., 29 East i4th St.

bet Sib Av. and Union Sq. N.Y HOOK FREE.
Open Sat WAP. M Examination free

   

CARPET CLEANSING.
REFITTING AND RELAYING.
826 7thAyv., Near 28th S6é,

We
Katt, Gb.t : 22 FRM, Titties,

T.M.STEWART

BROOKLYN FIREMEN SPILLED,

 

 

Track Axie Breaks While Turning a Corner
~Several Hart.

While truck No. 64 of the Brooklyn Fire De
Partunent was hurrying to a fire eurly yesterday
morning the rear axle broke in turning Into

Fifty-fourth street from Second avenue and
most of the firemen were buried to the ground
andiniured. Assistant Foreman Cornelius Cun-

ningha':‘s left shoulder was dislocated, Thomas
Ouff's eftthigh Was severely bruise j and George
Ouchterlo.ey's left wrist was sprained. The

others escaped with slight bruise:.

RAN INTO A LIGHTHOUSE.

 

Mishap to the Schooner L. L. Hamlin
at the Mouth of the Providence.

Nortuponr, L. 1, Oot. 11.—The schooner L.
L. Hamlin put {tn here disabled yesterday.
Capt. Nelson reported that the Hamlin had ran

into the lighthouse at the mouth of the Provi-
dence River. The tide caug!t her and she re-
fused to obey her helm, Hor bowsprit and fore
topmast were carried away. She will lay up
here for repairs,

—————
ATHLETE'S FAILURE

Was Not a Success Until He Was Pot om the
Right Food,

Cecelius X. Hale, of 1717 Barclay St, Bal'i-
more, Md., now quite a famous run er, has bod
some interesting experience in regard to proper
feeding. His testimony t« worth the attention
of any athlete, or in fact, of auy person who
oares for good, aturdy, powerful heath

“Up to about 18 months ago I had been tn
many athletic contests, without much suceess,
Tabout made up my tind it was time to
but a physical director of the Y.M.C. A. of thy
city advised me to use Grape-Nuts food and
Postum Cereal Coffee as principal factors in my
diet.

“LT aocepted the advice and to-day am in poa-
session of perfect health, and a greit many
medals won in different athiet) verits, I can
now run @ tace and finish in fine condition
whereas before I started on the rieht diet. f
would find myseifina faint at the + nd of a race

parm had more_or lees nervous tra@pbie
and severe headaches. Lam giadto «av 4 ”
using Grape-Nuts and Postum Food « offee |
have forgotten what a headache feel. like My
heart is in perfect condition, whereas whil: I
was using ordinary coffee it would not stand
the heavy strain This statement is absolutely
true, and I do not object to your publishing it
for it may bring back health and strength to
some poor bens suffering from ili health
caused by the use of iniproper food ,

There fs a reason forthia: in toe
ordinary coffee will show its effect. soment
in the nervous aystem,--frequently in weaken-
ing of the heart or in stomach troubles. wi
prevents one irom obtoining « e trength anc
value of fod. Tris then ee ntcarengthy and
the u-e of this drug, andi) ite pia ¢
Cereal Foou Coffee and GrapoeNy «|

They were both invented u fo
and are mace atthe far «pur fev
of the Postum Cered Co, Lio, t Becthe |
Me! This food and the tood dr i. dreboth
made for a definite urpose, and there are
veeusangs e users throughout the world that
Can testify, from practical exper ence, that u

. i ir)
theory is borne out by the facts.—Ads,

Unasa

 

atop,