‘

   
 
  
   

eee ee
?

ODELL TO THE EDITORS.

HIS BUSINESS TO CARRY THE STATE
POR M'RINLEY.

¢ Republican Candidate for
Daring the Campa
Says the Tide Blas

aver of Metiiley,

Longest Speech th

Governor Has Made
Senator Dep

Tarned Stronpiy oun

 

ibiiean papers

 

    

  

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

  

 

 

 

 

   

    

 

 

  

  

 

 

 

 

      

 

 

   

 

 

      

    

     

 

  

 

 

   

 
 

 

Over a hind
fn thie state Nt \ ? Caine lo
town yeat { {incre te we Loews
meus ! ' : ne Btale
Repub! : mol arginet Lie ed
{tor , ‘ { thier own and come
to New ¥ t Ik over the politioal situation
ab< ery ve The nmetat the
Re} ban (lub yesterday morning, Where tiey
were welcomed tothecity: by Senator Chauncey
M. Depew | he afternoon they dower
the i teamier, and it ! ‘ ne they
met ie © Hepublioan Chu ere the
had asmok ind eptertained ne iu Haat
Piatt. Benaruin B. Odell, dr, and ' Lore
ernor Frank S. Black

Senator Chauncey M Drepeaw iddressed
the association in the rooms of the bepubli-

Glib, 460 bith aventie, tp the (oreneon
suf one hundred te rs wathered to hear
Mr, Depew, who spoke partas ,llows

‘The Republican press of the cour tr’ have
never done such eTtlcient service as in this
canm,aian. They have had a bridiant op
portant ind have semed it with onderful
abilit nd wiaden on ! vn side thes
have presented the prin em oon whieh the
Republi ar rely for stlCoies hes (uaNe
de ted that the whit ont hose
principle ‘ resulted it thee pethennae enal
enatvert i the eountr how enjoys
ji t their greatest and Most success tl elorts
have heat ging their batteries to bear
Tae tha lament of t enemy from. the
positions 1 he occupies the. have
ahelled our pponents fro hearts every one
3 their intrene! ents they have cased
them ¢t bandon Fort Tmpertalism, Fort Mili-
tarism, Fort Free silver, Fort Free Trade,
and left only here and there @ stragwler in
I ttt shifting and gghifty eonditions of the
Rrvanistic canvass a beat illuatrated by the
daily speeches he candidate He no longer
discusses an Y the es presented either
in his own platform orinours He has wot far
away from the K iw City. declarations and
fears to tackle t of the Philadelphin Con-
ventior I have been, during the last few
dave, in the neiahborhe “i where his speeches
ar Jelivered and where the full reports are
m whieh we fail to get in New York The
al foveted entirely to inflammatory appeals
te the passions of the people They are wild
effort to array the different sections
af the community igainst each other
{n venemous atilits They proclaim a reve-
lutionary pregrammnie by presenting eMm-
plover and er nlovee as natural enemies
and every man whe is inamployed as the
enemy of the man who has wo k and those
~ have little a¢ the enemies f those who
¢} Ippose have more The doctrines which
he . preaches d by dav carried to their
rad onelusions would disorganize society,
d t industries and lead to the overturning
t present cor Iitions in the hope or expec-
t. building a new social order upon
be anes Che difficulty with Mr Bryan's
prorat e of destruction ts that he presents
t plan for reconstruction, no way in whieh
ha 2 relitions can be brought about
and | » preva in our communities after
the t eis er and the deod are burned

It was as pla mein tse? that we were to
he defeated aa it is now that we are to be # -
“ il [hree weel azo Was the ebb of the
tid Republican suceess, There was a singu-
lar thy and indifference everywhere. ‘The
iy t_orrather began to move rapidly, about
ten days ago, and is now rising with phenom-
enal speed and volume, By an apparently
e mon impulse all over te country, in all
ove ns and Industries, the Acute question

he ik men and wore ike,
VM we to grin Dy turn-
{ Ve Kinley out and putting Brean
{r ! more the man who has a good business
nt in who hasae 1 job, and a pertia
] revolved this estion, and the more
{ assed in the home circle, the greater
at redthe peril ie suceess of the Brvan-
dst Ip . Every one aaw that neither
I nor ernplovment nor wages would be
a ' ' t Ye tion of Mr. Bryan, The:
€ n did not promise or hold out
‘ e tha w present condith would be
{ d They saw that if he eal in extra
é ( ‘“ ind atrempted to put in
pe ‘ ‘ eof free silver, free trade
and ab net the Piilippines, distriist
¥ d serie ya fnot paralyze all business
mid thet t iid foretell how long this
J I have ret hundreds of Democrats who
have said, ‘We hope the Democratic party, if
a ed in this canvass, will reorganize upon
a basis where we will not have to contemplate
t alt ' t serious disaster fo our
} i re loyment if it sue is.’
The tre he f mt to-day every
uM i wet ifeand secure in the pres-
ent « i i we have a prospect of their
being f MeKinle term is extended
fi ' e four yeu We haveno certainty
of either if Me Bryan is elected, and therefore
we ace that chance

Sor 1 ( Platt, Benjamin Bo Odell,
Al ind former Covert Bla were guests of
+) yasociati t e Republican Club last
night The up-State editors wound up their
di ! wid after luncheon anc
h Garry Ao Willard called on
+ A speech

1 net in geod voice to-night sald the
fRenat t ‘ dim going to leave
vou to M tid he doesn ft come up to ex-
pe t u have to fall back on Gov

Mr Odell was greeted enthusiastically He
Bald

lam glad h
% thet ! '
1 ')
erage Lin ¢ »
or tee ‘ oq
hey , at
} hina ¢ Republiea n party can do
{ f sting ve in this important
. egiected or ignored

‘ es ire many, but
1 1) rat ‘ is, OUF Paramount |
whiel ineaia to every toan who
h ‘ s laid up a dollar
Ita hose who de d upon thetr daily
i rere’ ne who believes
in ft i lina and the integrit f vir
atio We ar whoring for the retlectior
P in MeRioley because he typifies to a |
ejter extant wm anv other man sinee the |
1a 1 ' for whiel the Repub.

t 1 wid Our party =
A ' f perfornanee rather tha
or { ind ) f the so-called
fs rit ! ne
tne tn ' the } h
mit «ite
erat andidat r ( Orne
of New Y h } a?
ground Ntheeventolh
would re ! ex
he eu the Reg 5
performed that a » ft
Atate is pres 4 to
the low axra ir. Fifls irs

The Democratic candidate speaks of the
Ramapo issue. The Republican
boldiv met that nd has mad
the consummation of a centract so
eried by the citizens of this ereaty
and can safely | ted, theref
out the present will of the people uy
portant « et Th Demoorath
fenoring bis past record, appeals to the labor
fing men, cli “« that ist rfriend. The
Renoubliean part ul this by y ting
with pride tot law re heen enacted
having for their ot tection and plac-
fing of labor where t belonas, thar is na par
and rahitv w !

“Tris ire al ne of thetr many para
monnt issces, and, bv trusts, the nelide every
combinat fF capital, whether it be for wood
or bad p fail te tell vou thar

rat er ted l¢
! es eneaged
es passed by a Demo-
Legi ned by a Democrat ik
ner rst law that Was en-
for , ippressing unlaw
t passed by a Republican
i nd ed bv a Renublican Gov-
The f te tell you that
jon e only effective anti-
lewi-l ! t has been en.
wa “Out 1 Sherman law,
“d ’ bliean Conseress They also
t tot t under the Administra-
f President this law was a
etter and att remnined for a Republi-
can Atterr ioneral to enforee it and bre
up con dnatior hich it was designed to
react ! . tose r with the facet that
Te ratl ’ ost prevented suitable
ame ‘tat * bederal Constitution shows
thit ir oppo ! ve oprolit fn promises
only, We point vith pride toe the fulfilment
of our pledges made long avo

“We ha ‘d for extravagance
BKince th State administration
the Renutli + taken under State
control ' ndigent relieving
counties fr rand thereby increas-
ing the ant {iture for that pur-

t half million dollars

 

yome plone
tn rdditior

 

that an

propriation of more

 

 

 

 

than $1,000,000 has been made for the
betterment of the public schools Not-
withstanding this, the gross expenditures
of the last) Renublica egislature were
twenty-two millions, while in th ant
v Demoer st enirol thes were
4 woo, showing « Saving under Republiean
administratio of over $2,000,000 annualh
Contra-t th vith the eonstantly growing tax
ritetnt itvof New York, with its increasing
Hats af offices holder nd annual expenditures
andther {eer {f Mr roker and his friends
sehen id t entrol of the State whether
the same economical features would follow
am he haracteriged and marked Repub-
Hean odmtristrat«

*T have heen accused of neclecting my own
eantns ft ing in the Fifth Avenne Hotel,
directing campaign Well, I plead cullity

 
  
  

“| Tnited States

 

 

| to this charge, and my justif for tt te
that the State canvass, {mportant as it is, einks
| into inslenificance when compared with the
| disaster and ruin wihech would surely follow

' the eleotion of Bryan; and eo long aa it 10 pose

ble I intend to devote my eneray and fime
» assisting to roll up such a tremendous vote
'

‘tt this State ‘or our aplendid na-
tlonal ticket as will forever ut
to rest the dangerous heresies which

the so-called Democratic party stands for to-
day In doing this, | am sure that T shall meet
witl) the approbation, not alone of my fellow
Republicans throughout the State, but alao of
those men Who have put aside party thes and

party aMliations, placing the commercial in-
tearity of their country above all elee and are
now «tanding shoulder to shoulder to us in this

wreat contest for national honor and national
ndvanecement

Former Gov Black madea very brief speech
to the editors and did not toueh on polities at

all John A Sleicher also spoke

 

| STHONG FOR M'RKINLE).

Hrookivn Union League Clab to Work Viger-
| ously for His Election.

} The Union League Club of Brooklyn, which
has now over seven hundre) active members,
has artanwe| to hold two or three bla rallies
for the Republican candi: ates curing the oam-

paign at such times as the Political Committee |

ceci es At the regular ‘quarterly meeting
, of the club on Weineaday night the following

was acopte|

Whergas, The issues of the pen jing national
contes@Binvolve the prosperite of the entire
country, the honor of the flag, the financial

integrity of the Goverument anc the position

of the United States as a respected worlds
power
Whereas, Beneath all the argument and tn-

vective employed by the Bryan party and in
tendeat to befog the real issues and to mit
lead the unthinking is the Populistic doo
trine of free ativer. a theory laden with the
@ravest dangers not only to American finance

but to American honor and to the material
interests of the whole co ntry, we, the Union
| League Club of Brooklyn, therefore reaffirm

hoot Ourallegiance to the principles of the
| Republican party a8 enunciated in the na-
tional and State platforms,

Second-—Our faith in the iotegrity of the

| candidates of that party, the Hon. William
MeKiaey and the Hon Theodore Roosevelt
in the nation. and the Hon Benianin B. Odell,
Jr, and the Hon. Timothy 1. Woodruff in the
State, as faithful servants of the people and
joval es ponents of their highest Interests.
Third Our confidence that the reélection
of our National Executive and the return of a
Repubican Congress will effect not only the
speedy restoration of peace in that part of
our possessions now in rebellion, but the es-
tablishment of a jnst, intelligent and pro-
| gressive government In every part, founded
ion the consent of the governed and not ao-
cordl « to the dictates of a traitor now in arms
against the authority of the United States;
and we further
Reafiem, That the triumph of the Rerub
lean party will relieve the country at once
and for all time of the franti agitator whose

a party and may work ruin to the country,
a riddance which will be acclaimed by patriotic
| Democrata and Republicans alike

BRYAN MAKING M'KINLEY VOTES?

Honest Money Leaguers Say Mis Speeches Are
Disgusting Even Democrats.

The Democratio Honest Money Teague of
Amertoa held a special meeting vesterday to
consider a number of reporta received from
throughout the country. All of these were en-
couraging Mator John Byrne, President of
the league, in disoussing them, said

"The honest Democrats all over the country
are incensed at Mr. Brvan’s latest utterances,
He is dragging the great position of the can-
didacy for the Presidency to the lowest level it
has ever been brought in this country. He is
daily proving the character of a dangerous
demagogue. His recent speeches must dis-
gist even tis honest though deluded followers.
His present paramount issue is to array one
class of citizens against the other, to breed dis-
content and unhappiness; to stir up
the worst passions and prejudices of the
masses against law, order and property. This
is not the part of a statesman; it is anarchy,
pure and simple, equal to anything that pre-

cipitated the French Revolution. ‘The mao is
desperate. His friends claim that he is honest,
at least, but this is not honesty. Since
biasphernous utterances on the atage of the con-
vention at Chicago in 1806, when he dragged
into the poliucal contest the sacred emblem of
| man’s redemption as a political shibboleth,
down to his recent utterances he has shown
himself ae a nan entirely unfitted to be seriously
thought of as the President of this great natior
His attempt to utilize his position to stir up class
hatred should deny to him the respect and
recognition of all well-thinking people

The league i working principally in New
York, Inciana, Kentucky, Maryland, and West
Virginia. It has a sent literature to other
places, notably Virginia. Its officers say thereis
little remaining for them to do in Maryland,

 

as the sound Money Democrats were well
organized there ar doing effective work
Kentucky is regarded as a hopeful fighting |

ground, for the people there who were 0 dis-
giisted with the Goebel law are not satisfled
with the attempts to change it

| THOMAS CURTIS AND HIS FLAG,

| He Sends It to Kings Republican Headquar-
| ters With Inspiring Comments.

An American flag with an interesting history
| was received yesterday at Republican head-
} quarters in Brooklvn and will be carried in all
nthe borough during the re-

|
} the big par ides

 
 

 

} rnainderof the camp tign. Accompanying the
fing was this letter to the Campaign Com
rpittee from ite owner, Thomas Curtis of 113
| McDonough street
| in when a majority of those who will vote
this year were studying thelr lessons, I was studying
| ibilean polities,
‘fy first Presidential vote was cast for Abraham
Lincoln, my last for William McKinley
For forty years | have voted at every Presidential,
| State and city election and hare alWays \oted a
straight Republican ticket If I hase ever voted

| for a Demoerat, it has been because bis name was
on that Ucket: | have never voted a split or scratched

    

tieket
I send you berewtth an old United States flag, It
tavery large or rubit has as histor)
his flag Was first hung across Hroadway, Pat-

 

in 1A68
and Colfaa, in
‘ the nane
It was carried In Brook!

and bore the h wed Names
1572 the names of Grant and
of Hayes and Wheeler

» by the Woodrull Bat
in the Blaine campaign and in New Sork by the
and Leather Clubin the business men's proces
in the Harrison campaign, and this vear | ask

   

 

Mu r s7

 

lide

 

yu to nse it in some of your proposed demonstrations
r nor of Meiiiniey and Roosevelt
| ir years ago [| wrote President Mckinley asking

 

him to remain at home during the campaign, to stay
in Canton, and we would elect him President of the

His reply was be would certaints

take my advice He kept his promise and we kept
| ours, and in November neat we propose to retlect
| him ‘
| If ve to that time it may he the last vote 1 may

Presidential election, If
four years I will

it any

be permitted to cast
fore the next

1 should pass away be
A sel leave behind t) see that the old flag ts used
fn honer of Theodore Hoosevelt for President in 1904

 

 

BRYAN APATHY IN NEW JERSEY,

Teader Bob Davis Save the State Committee
; Is a Dead One.

 

Democratic leader in Hudson
een at war tor several

Robert Davis,
} county, Nod
weeks with Ch
New Jersey State Democratic Committee, said
he guesses that the State Committee
Mr. Davis has been receiving re-

who has

 

yesterday
is a dead one

ports from various parts of the Bute
“The State Committee should wake up and
do something,” he said The campaign is

there is still much to be
the committee should

nearing itsend and
don over thet
hustle

    

 

Real Estate Men Form a Soand Money Cob.
! The Real Fs'ate Souod Monev Club or-
| ganized vesterday algernoon in the rooms of

waa

| the Real Estate Board of Brokers in pur uanee

| of avall issued by William Henry Folsom. The

|‘ bject of the club is to take part in the sound
money parade on Nov. 8 These officers were

| elected. Horace 8. Ely, President; J. Edgar !

| Leaveraft, chairman of the Exeeutive Commit-
tee Frack Ro Hougnto>, Treasurer, and Albert

1 1 David, Secretary A meeting of the club is
announced for next Monday at 3 o'clock

Register To-day!

To-day is the fi st day of re@istration and to-

morrow the. second Friday and Saturday of
next Week are the last days. Rem ster to-day,

Boliting Republican Opposing Senator Brack-
ett's Re-election.

ALBANY, Oct 1) An independent certificate

of nomination of Frank H. tlathorn for Senator

| inthe | wenty- i¢hth district was filed with the

| Secretary of State to-day The nominee is @

bolting Ke ublican opposing Senator Brackett's

reelection inthe district comprising Saratoga,

Washington and Schenectady counties, and bas

the incorsement of the Democrats. A declina-

| tion of the Democratic nomination for Senator

in the Chenango, Delaware and Sull van district

was received from Charles W. Brown by the
Secretary of State to-day

  

or

'LET’S WIN THE 13TH BACK; |

political and financial heresies have gubmerged 1 f
ry

his |

tirman Willlam B. Gourley of the |

   

—————

 

| THIS CONGRESS DISTRICT NATURALLY
REPUBLICAN,

Tammany Hos Tarned Dowa tts Soand ’
Representative, Jefferson M. Levy, @
William KH, Wilcox, Republican Cand
Is Making What May tHe «a Winning Fight.

  
 
  

Sound money as a principle ia going to re-
atore to the Lepublicnns the Thirteenth Con-
tlus city, unless all
perceptible at) Republican and
hea (quarters in the district alike fail
district is preéminently one in which the in-
habitants have a personal interest tn the finan-

ress district of

gall that the people of one (istrict have any

areater concern in so tinportant a question
than those of any other district. The Thir-
teenth district extends from river to river,

ita souther: bounJary being Fourteenth street

avenue, an
street,

from the Hucson to Laxington
theuce to the Kast River, Forty-secon

and it# northern limite Fifty-ninth street from
from
there to the North River, Fifty-second street.
In 1804 and 1806 the district was Kepublican.

the East River tw Seventh avenue and

It went to the Democrats in 1808 through Ke-

the Democratic nominees, Jefferson M,

THE SUN, FRIDAY, OCTOB

| of the New York

the signs |
Democratic |
The

 

olal integrity of the Government, if it nay be

| of the association, ©. C

publican apathy, and the acditional fact that
levy,

 

 

JUAT MASKED BRYANISM,

Gives Away the

 

Anti-Impertaliet Organizer
Whole Plot,
Hobert 8. Graham, a young man who untl
recently vloried in the title of oMcial organizer
State Association of Atti-

Iniperialist Clubs, started ott three weeks

| a@o full of enthusiasin to organize one anti-

imperiatiet club in each county in the State,
Mr. (irahan) wae sent out from thie city by
the a sociation, and although he was told
that there wa no salary attached to the job

wos promived that hiv ex-
Mr. Graham i« back

of official orwanizer
pernses would be paid
in New York now, a sadder and wher man
than when he started out. Ele was outon the
hustle for sixteen days and the expente money
allowed him in that thee wae eas

Mr. Graham went first to see the Secretary
Hughes. After paying
for a dress-suit case and umbrella out of his
own pocket he started out, armed with a letter
of recommendation, ‘The letter was addressed
to the chairmen of county
committees, and suggested that
of Republicans and Gold Democrats who voted
for Mr. McKinley in 1896 be given to the
@unizer, it was explained that the associa-
tion was working in harmony wih the \a-
tiona) Association of Democratic Clubs and
that it would affiliate with it before election
day, It suggested that a Democrat who pa-

Democratic

 

 

ER 12, 1900.

 

the nanies , bad the effect of putting Mr, Bryan in good

, raded with a Democratic club one night and |
| with an anti-imperialist club the next night | through the train to shake hands with Mr.

| was doing twofold good The closing para-

was known to be a champion of sound financial graph of the official organizer's credentials

principles

Mr. Levy was elected, and stood consistently
He has been turned dowu
If Mr. Levy
was turned down for any other reason than that
he voted in Congress for honest financial prin-
aiples, the public does not kaow it; neither do
The people of the
district take it as @ direot fling in the face that
Mr. Croker has shunted to one side their repre-

for sound money
this year by Mr. Richard Croker

Mr. laevy'’s constituents.

was as follows
OF course vou understand that the reason
for organizing anti-imperialist clubs is to
ive the Gold Democrats and Republican antl-
mperialists an opportunity to get together
and work for Bryan and Stevenson, for it is of
course underatood that this element would
not join a machine Democratic organization.”
Mr. Graham tried to get back from the aasso-
elation the small amount of monev he had
apent out of his own pocket on the trip, but the
officers of the association didn't think they
oould afford to allow an organizer more than
for sixteen davs’ work. He was ordered

) vin ate ‘ 625
sentative who voiced their wishes as to honest to work about headquarters for a few days,

money in Congress and put up in his place

Mr. O. H. P. Belmont, who, judged by the utter-
ances of his personal organ and property, the

Verdict, is a rabid Bryanite
The Republicans of the Thirteenth
have put up for Congress Wiliam RK. Wilcox,

who la making an active and vigorous cam
three and

vaign He has been speaking at
four meetings a uight-on both sides of his dis-

|
| trict and has enjoyed the felicity of speaking
}
'

everywhere so far to full meeungs, in nelgh- | gy pe RM AN

borhoods where a full atlandauce bespeiks
a warn interest in the issues of the coming
election. Hie managers have scheduled meet-
inws at the rete of about ten a week already,
and any doubt of the interest of (he Volurs
| in the campaign was dispelled by the @aper-
ence of Tuesday evening, when two meelings

district

and part of his duty was t write letters to
the men he had eeen on his trip up, the State
Mr. Hughes signed these letters himeelf, At
the end of six days Mr. Graham suga@eated Oral
ae it had cost him about 82a day for meals anc
other expenses around headquarters he he
reimburaed by the payment of $12. Mr Hughes
said it wns impossible, so Mr. Graham quit

Tt is understood that Mr. Graham haa decided
to become a Republican again At any rate,
he fa going to vote for Willian: McKinley

PARSONS'S

He Greets 5.000 Voters of the Twelfth Con-
grees istrict.

Alderman Herbert Parsons, the Republican
Dominee in the Twelfth

KRECBEPTION. | je retirelto

Conaresa district, | for his snate

) on the Fast Side and one on the West Side were ' met the voters of the district last night at a |

| filled with

the rain and the oold \\ est

Op the rast and

yortant manufacturing conceris,

avenue and its

along Fifth
which makes the

Sona muensy

the diatrict,
environs, @

in the country, if not the wealthiest
That the vote of the ceotra, art of the dis-

trict will be for sound money and the Rey ubl-

can candidate goes without saying, as the

of the issues of the campaign,a lat@e percentuge
of their vote for the same ticket assured
The Republican candidate of 18 and 14/4,
Richard G. Shannon, formerly United States
Mir: ister to Brazil, was elected In the former
year by 90 pluraiity, and to his second term
yy 1,400. In 1896, when Mr Shannon had hia
1,400 plurality, an independent Republican
candidate, Mr htmyer, polled 419 votes,
and the Gold Democrat candidate, Mr. Madden,
polled 1,020 votes The advices of the Ke-
publican managers indicate that more than
90 per cent. of the raen who voted in 18% for
Mr Madden, the Gold Democrat, are for Mr
McKinley and honest mouey this year, Mr
Madden himself is In 1896, when the Demo-
erata won the district for thelr Congress
nominee, the Democratic gain in
less than the Republican faling-off, The Re-
publican vote of that year was 4,000 lease than in
1896, and the Democratl
more than in 1806 In 1898 there was no fear
for honest money. So it is clear that a!! the
fepublicans need do this year to rescue the
district from the menace of the ativer heresy
is to come out and vote in the numbers that
they showed in 1506

The Republicans look for their votes chiefly
to the Twenty-seventh Assembly district and
such part of the Twenty-ninth as is in the Thir-
teenth Congress district. If these Assembly
districts will poll the plurality that may fairly
be expected of t em, the battle fs undoubtedly
In the Twenty-second Assembly district

 

won
the campaign is being pushed by work in the
election districts by groupe Several con-
tiguous election districts are grouped and

put in charge of one man, who arranges for
neighborhood meetings at convenient points
in his territory, and in this way the whole
Assembly district is covered In a systematic
| way. In addition to the neighborhood meet-
ings. central meetings for the whole district
| areheld, andthe work of the campaign is pushec
| along with vigor and wjth promise of gratify-
| ing success
‘tr Croker in turning down Mr. Levy did
| not pause with the administration of the icy
Oeadto the friend of honest money, but literally
drove Mr Levy from the city to his estate
at Monticello, from which he has not yet re
turned That Mr. Levy is resentful of the
treatment visited upon him ts openly bruited
{n the district and about the various centras
|
|
|
|
}
|

of political gossip, but the extent of bis re
sentment is buried at Monticello, while
the battle between Bryantsm and honest

nance wages in the Thirteenth Although
fr. Croker has put forth Mr O. fl. P. Belrnont,
‘or the suffrages of the people of the Thirteenth
district and promulgated him as a worthy
Bryanite on the utterances of his paper, the
Tammany leader has not satis‘ed even all of
friends by the choice of Mr. Belmont
latform Democracy are still
they are being hoodwinked,
that Mr. O. H. P. Belmont is not a hidebound
Free Silverite, but has a leaning secretiy toward
odious wold, and hence would get their ballots
by false representation, One and all look to
| him, however, to loose his purse strings. Said
| a friend of Mr. Wilcox's yesterday Do you
koow the slogin of the Thrieent! district?
!

his own
for the Chicago
suspicions that

It's ‘Brains Against the Barrel.’ *

Mr. Wileox has been a successful lawyer here
and has not before been a candidate for office,
although he has been active in polities He
wa. born in Chenango county in 1869 and before
coming here to practi law he taueht school
He has established his campaign headquarters
Bejmont’s

  

; in the Rossmore Mr headquar-
| ters have been opened close by, but it was said
up to yesterday that Mr. Belmont had not

yet displayed noticeable Interest im an active
campaign in the district

Professors of Northwestern University Almost

|
|
|
|
THIS FACULTY FOR M’'RINLEY.
Unanitmoasly Republican.

Cuicago, Oct. 11.— The Northwestern Unt-
versitv's faculty is. decidedly Republican.
Twenty-one professors out of a total of twenty-
three, when interviewed, expressed themselves

| @s being strong supporters of Republican nomi-
| nees I'wo out of the faculty, Prof. J. Scott
Clark and Prof. George Curme, say they are
yet undecided as to their political choice

Prof Clark said

I cannot vote for Bryan
that, I do not know what T will do

Prof. Curme has always been a Republican,
but doea not approve of President. McKinley's
actir regard to Porto Rico. Prof, Robert
ps ypard, prospective President of North-
western, is a Supporter of the Administration,
and will vote for a continuance of the present

poliey
Prof. Ho L White, when asked to give his

political preference, said
“Lat us have sound money and plenty of ex-

pansion ”

Further than

  

 

WILLING TO DEBATE IMPERIALISH.

Wolcott Kepites to Federal Judge

Hallett’s Critictan,

Senator
published to-day,
willing to meet Judge Moses
Federal Court in a debate on
Wolcott recently refused to

Senator

Get i
statement

Denver, Col,
QO Wolcott, ina
says that he fs
} Hallett of

| imperialism Mr

the

accept a challenge from Louis H
Colorado Springs, saying Mr. Ehrich was ap-
parently secking notoriety by associating

|
|
| with men in public life Mr Woleott’s reply
was somewhat curt, and Judge Hallett sent a
letter to a Denver paper accusing the Senator
of evasion and of unwillingness to meet
opponents of the Adinir
Woleott's discussion of
could be induced to entertain that subject,
would be as brief and untruthfulas Mark Hanna's
I discussion of trusts Hanna rere are
| no trusts and Woleott says there is no imper-

ialism °

istration He said

says t

Senator Wolcott offers to hire a hall, bear all
expenses and give Judge Hallett the advantage

of opening and closing the debate

| touls ©. Wolf for Assembly.

The Republicans of the Fourth district have

nominated Lovis « Wolf for the Assembly
He isa Veterano! tt
the Bighth Reagtine

In the Boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens.

 

. anda lawyer

 

The Dighest examples of home construction, with
water gas, Sewers, curbed and flagged walks macad-
amiaed streets and every modern convenience for

comfort See Sunday's SUN.— Ade.

attentive Listeners notwillstanding |

sides of this district live the employees of ime |
Whore near |

interest in sound money is not less vital than
that of the residents of the central parts of |

district one of the wealthlest Congress districts | Davis and Measrs

 

outlying districts manifest an understandi:g |

a { >
vos Bee | Jersey Street Railway

4 | Wagons” were to-day

Edward

Fhrich of

the

imperialism, if he

*Spanich war, a member of

in the rooms of the Madison
Square Republican Club at 1146 Broadway
Tweity-five thousand invitations were sent
out and at least 5,009 voters attended the re-
caption whioh lasted from 8 till 11 o'clock.
Alderman Parsons was assisted in reosiving
by Senator Elsberg, Assembivmen Weeks and
Whittaker, Bossert and
or Assembly

reception held

Shea, Republican nominee

|

 

BRYAN’S MICHIGAN TALKS;

SPEECH AT ANN ARBOR DISTURBED

BY COLLEGE STUDENTA.
Police Suppress the Boys Quickly and the |
Speaker tas No More Trouble—Mr. Bryae |

Shows Fatigue—Dodees a Question About
Silver if Elected President,

Detsoit, Oct. i. The Bryan party started
from Grand Rapidea at sunrise this morning,
and Mr. Pryan made bia first speech of the
second day at Hastings, A bia erowd sur-
rounded the train and greeted the Democrativ

 

Paying Out

Invite attention to their superb stock of

Men’s, Boys’ & Children’s Clothing.

ee Se Gis cinokeuaes tains. | Special and exclusive patterns in BUSINESS
At the conclusion of the xpecch Mr. Bryan | SUITINGS and TROUSERINGS — Every garment
went forward to be introduced to Tim Davett, marked with that peculiar individuality that makes
|the Brokaw Clothing so highly desirable.

an old-time Democrat in charge of the engine
At Nashville Mr. Bryan made a five-emiiniite

Raglan Overcoats in all the new shades of gray.
Livery Overcoats a specialty.

speech from the rear ol his car and at ( har-
lotte he talked [roto a temporary stand near
the train to 2,000 people. The fine weather
FOUPT AVEUC tastete'r
Lalagelic Place

Bryan An immense crowd greeted the train | « —
at Albion and a fast run to Jackson carried
Mr. Bryan to$,000admirere. Hespoke twenty- MANY PEOPLE
five ininutes. During his speech one of Jack-

Whose appetites and digestions are good after the early hours of
the day need careful treatment at Breakfast time. For these

COOK’S FLAKED RICE

was destroyed by fire, but the malority of
is an ideal dish. Light, nourishing, and easily digested, it will

spirits

Short stops were made at Bellevue and Battle
Creek, At Marshall there was more enthusi-
asin manifested than at any time in the trip
in the State. All publie and Catholic schools
were closed and hundreds of children ewarmed

 

the audience remained with the Presidential
candidate

The train arrived at Ann Arbor at 2 o'alock
and fully 3,000 people were in the public square. |
Hundreds of college atudents surrounded the
platform and raised euch a disturbance that

{t was impossible to hear Mr. Bryan's voice
A squad of police was called and a hand-to-
hand fl@ht resulted, in which the polleemen
need their cliba freely, finally throwing the
ringlenders out of the crowd. Bryan turned

the incident in hia favor by exeloiming a ea4

amis nm sigprnsee Fon but am call out an start the day right for the most sensitive stomach.

rapted eee ae ee Put the dry flakes in colander, pour over
Mr. Bryan showed to-day that his campaign .

on him. Within a few minutes after
Vis speech at CGirand Rapids last night

He private car and fell into a heavy
sleep from whieh he waa not aroused until 7 |
lock this morning All of to-day, as quickly
as his train waa in motion, he retired to his pri-
vate apartments and secured all the sleep pou
«thle He admitted to-day that if it were not
os af rest hetween stops he woul 1
be obliged to seek absolute quiet fora few days
He gets an invigorating massage and aleohol
rub every night before retiring

is tellin
closing

them boiling salted water, drain, shake,
and turn out on a hot dish. That is all

Absolutely No Cooking

oe

 

 

  

 

Only once during the dav did Mr Bryan
| exhibit irritation That was when he was
asked: “Will vou, in the event of your election, 4 oa
pay the obligations of the nation in gold or | Book of tested receipts with every package.
silver?’ |

No speeches were made Alderman Par-
sons spent three solid hours shaking hands
with the voters During the evening the!

following men paid their respects to the can-
didates: Gen Francs V Greene, Rernard
Biglin, John Sabine Smith, Charias A Hess,
Capt. F Norton Goddard, McDougall Hawkes
Dr PH Murphy, Prancis B Phurber and

| Flonry Rirrel!, Sergeant-at-Arms of the National

Republican Oormmiittee

 

®
CUT DOWN M'KINURY BANNER,

 

Cable Sapporting It Severed—Thtrd Time in
Two Months.

Orawon, N. J., Oct, 11,
in two months the McKinley and Roosevelt

banner in this city came down to-day, falling | in contemplation ,

directly across the trolley wire of the North
and breaking the feed

wire on the west-bound track. Hefore the

vote was only 4,000 | banner could be removed there was a long

Itne of stalled cars and travel was delayed
for a half hour, Postmaster Louis D, Callt-
son, who is chairman of the Orange Repub-
lican City Committee, made an investigation
and found that some one had cut the wire cable
which held the banner acrosa the trolley wires
The banner was swing from the top of tie
Music Hall to the Orange National Bank and
in order to cut the cable some one must have
got on the roof of a building adjoining, Post-
master Gallison sare the Republican om-
mittee will pay $25 for information as to the
identity of the person who cut the wire,

 

 

‘PROSPERITY WAGONS" OUT.

 

One of the Chicago Campaigning Vehicles
Mobbed by Democratic Syinpathizers.

Oct ll Three “Prosperity
started on noonday
missions by the Republican National Head-

quarters. Fach wagon is of the truck variety
loaded with chairs and a spenker’s desk, anc
above each is carried a sign advertising the
character of the meetings The wagona will
be sent daily to the places where workinamen
can be found in crowds at noon Hy next week
there will be eight or ten of therm in use

Wagon No 3 had a hard road to travel when
itreached the neighborboodot Harrison street
and Plymouth place, where a meeting was to
be hel A mob, which increased in size as
the wagon travelled al yng, hurled missiles at
the speakers and generally aunoyed those on
it ersons in the skyscrapers added to the
noise, and finally the wagon was forced to drive
to another place

CHICAGO,

 

Nu BRYANISM FOR HIM.

Dr. J. DD. MeGtt!, Democratte Officeholder,
Declares for Gold standard.

 

Dr. John D. MeGill, a prominent Jersey City

Democrat, who is President of the Board of | !"

P. lice Comunissioners and Vice-lresident of the

Hudsen County National Bank, declared
ainst Bryanisin yesterday
‘lI am utterly opposed to the free silver
heresy,” he ssid “T am for the one gold

standard and all that that ‘mplies ”
The doctor sai that he revards Grover
Cleveland as the poss bie Moses of the Derno-

eratic party in the future

Noy. 6 Will Prove tt.
Some hard-working citizen has arranged the

pames of the States in the Union after this
fashion
VRADICI OF THE 45 STATES.
AlnbaMa NeHraska
ConneCtteut GEorg\a
Kentucky
im fana Minn Esota
Wyoming . South CaroLina
vennsyLvani NEw Hampshire
NEw York MiCul@an
MarViand Montana
: NPw Jersey
Kansas IDaho
IliNots
NevaDa
Tah
NoRth Carolina Southt Dakota
fowa

|
NOrth Dakota |
|

1 Obie ArkanSas
exAs
aj CaliPorula
WEst Virginia Mass AcbuUsctts
thode IsLand Cotorado
Tennessee DeLaware
|

WaShington
Miasot'r!
ViRgeinia
Maing

Wisconsin
Missfssippt

Louisiana
PLorida

 

You had another of your
“bad spells’ this morning,
and a real old-fashioned sick
headache was its chief symp-
tom.

If you only had taken an
Ayer's Pill last night!

J. C. Aver Company,
Practical Chemists, Lowell, Mass.

 

Ayer's Sareaparilla

Ayer's Hair Vigor
Ayer's Pills Ayer's Cherry Pectoral
Ayer's Ague Cure Ayer's Comatone

 

Tam disenasing public questions in my own
way. That is all T have to say,” he replied

Will vou not qualify or make a statement
more definite,” he was asked |

No, air.”

One feature of the day's crowda

ALL GROCERS.

 

 

 

has been | &

the large percentage of women Sioa tcdey| NO FIGRT LEPT IN THE DEM saw wet
out in seme places n his aveeches to-day | ' LE N , "MS. , T y \f

Mr. Brvran in discussing imperialism said the | FOL R TO ONE ON M KINLEY
Fillpinos should have their own flag insteod | Bryan's Despair Strikes Fastern Headqanrters omnes

of the Stars and Stripes and that the United Demb

States should protect them ig the possession | . AND FEW TAKERS—GIBRS NAILS MACK
of that flag. He criticised Gov. Roosevelt | The Hon. Jim Richardson of Tennessee, FOR A $500 BET

for asserting in a recent speech that President chairman of the Democratic Congressional _

For the third time |

+ were the ehief source of supply for the Hepub-

|

 

Frven That McKinley Has 100,000 Plorality
Up the State--850,000 to $30,000 Offered
That McKinley Will Carry Nebraska—@50,-
000 to 845,000 on Maryland and Ultnots,

Bryan money is so hard to find fn Wall Street
that several small bets were made yesterday
at 4 to lt. The prevailing odds for several
weeks have been $ to 1 and Mr. Croker, who
ip on Bryan at 1 to 2%, is quoted as
saving that the market has been rigged. The

4 tol betting vesterday was in small amounts,

McKinley called for an army of 100,000 men
on aceount of the Philippine war, and said
“IT want to tell you that the President in his |
message of December, 1808, asked for an army
of 100,000 mer, two months before a shot was
fired In the Phillpoines Mr. Roosevelt ought
to know the record of his own Administration
[he President asked for the army before there
that time imperialism was

| Campaign Committee, packed his hopes of
Bryan's success in one valise vesterday, prt
his bellef that the Democrats will control the
next House of Representatives in another,
shook hands with Gum Shoe Bil! Stone, looked
regretfully at each of the six luxur-
fous tapestrv-hung parlors in the Hoffman
Honse which have been his home since the great
plutocrat hunt began, and entrained for the
West. The Great Copvrighter was on his
way to visit Cotton-Bale Jones, the head chief

 

was war and aft

Again Col. Bryan said the Republicans are
denving to the Filipinos that which our fore-
fathers fought for and whieh the Declaration
of Independence enibraces The Republicans
should rewrite the Declaration. they should re-

stacked

 

 

write the Bible” t | Wher ett Te * id h t
. iters is + , en at r offers such odds asthaton :
Dicoussing truats, he charged that the ad- | of all plutocrat hunters, who ls something of | © lent sction he must feel certal
ministration neither attempted to force the | @ trust magnate himself Cotton-Bale Jones Presidential ei@ction he must feel certain o
existing laws Agaitst trasta nor recommended | fg in Chicago, and Mr. Richardson is going | Winning. [he largest bet at that rate reported

is $400 fo BIO0

Brokerage firiis and individuals in Wall
Street who have iarge amounts of cash which
they have been commissioned to place on Mo«
Kiniey are despairing of being able to find take
ers. Faiing bets on the general resul@
offers are made of odds on the States the Demo

a i } aa sth th
new ones, and said the reason was that the trusts to tell him when he gets there that the Demoe |

|
erata will earry New York State for Bryan |
at the fall election tf they poll enough votes, |
Just before he departed Mr. Richardson said
that he had been informed by Chairman Camry -
bel! of the Democratic State Committee and
Chairman Metiutre of the Executive Com-
mittee that the Democrats would win

lican campaign fund

In conversation with @ reporter on board
his car this afternoon Mr. Bryan said

This ia my last canvass, my last campaign
One term a& President of the United States
should be enough for any Man It will be}
enough for me.”

 

    

 

 

 

At Lansing Mr Brvan waxed more sarecastio TT) atleasnesa whic as prevailed ; he ; 5 ; :
than before on lmperialiam. He aaid the Fille mid tan oe sek tasters dae Hl ® | eratic polit clans say Bryan will carry. A®
pinos should not be expected to sing our national | floffinan House and the State Headauarters in | te New York Stock Exchange these offers
st a without a ee tru on pee, agmentor the St. Jatnes Building seemed to be intensified | were made yesterday: $50,900 to $30,000 tha®

v Country ‘tis of thee, sweet land of liberty -eaterday e phitoerat hunters di ‘'t havea i ®
should read “sweet land of hypocrisy ‘The yostersy. i h. keep’ pun . aie t rH, . MeKinley will carry Nebraska; $50,000 to $88,000
home of the free” would have to be omitted | eouldn't even give out some information about | 0" Maryland and Plinois :

land a nationd air “God Save the President” | eorruption funds. The size of if is that the Ldward Wasserman did a lot of hustling
would be the next innovation Mr. Bryan | disheartened speeches which have been made | YY! sterday to try and bet $3,000 against $1,000
addressed thousands, among them being the | py Col, Brvan in the West inthe past ek have it MeKinley wouid carry Illinois, b t he was
members of the Michigan Legislature” now | taken all the gimp out of then They had ine | Unsuccessful An offer was made on the floor
in special session He discussed the Equal | ¢a, ded to keep on ‘clatming everything insight” of the stock Exchanze of $1,000 to $800 thas
Taxation bill before the House here, imper- | right straight up to election day, and then just MeKiniey would carry Maryland, but no one
jalisin and finances hefore they were overwhelmed be the avalanche | Vt! ted the short ena J Jd. Judge bet E, D,

Here Mr. bryaa received official notification | of MeKinley votes they were going to make a Hutehinsen $100 even that MeKinley gets more
of hia nomination to the Presidency by the Sil- | gnal statement about corruption funds, pack up &P toral votes this year than he got in 1806,
ver Republican party at Kansas cit He was | and go home They were much astonished On the ourb a dozen offers of $850 to $100 on
almost carried to his carriage and shook hands | when Col, Bryan practically gave up the battle Mehiniey were made but went begging along

'

 

|
|

With @ 8100 Lo $25 offer ae

-o laree bets have been made so far at the up-
town hotels as in former national campaigns
There is plenty of MeKinley money in sight a
the hotels and sporting resdrts, but a search
warrant wouldn't uneartl: Bryan money enough

with thousands. Four platform speeches were | this week

made before Bay City was reached to-night It may be said
and there the streets were so jammed with an |] talk about corruption
enthusiastic crowd that a cordon of police | nor been received with 1
Was necessary to get Bryan's carriage to the | pody, because there are
( vfior PH

also that the Democratio
funds and eoercton has
uch reaneact by anv.
no tacts offered on |
MeCarren

 

 

 

mass meeting where he addressed 6,000 people. | which to base it Ser ‘ t } toK int

At Saginaw later the scenes were repeated, | Axed the gure of the fund for the Fast at $25,- | lo lowe? i ¢ ones pa mc Kinley steit 0

the dav closing with enthusiasm more like the ( everybody grinne: im wher orman pa eae emiocratic National Come.
ti ‘ 1 000,000, and everybody grinned at him et mitteeman, who came down from his home in

  
   

   

scenes of 1806 than at any other place on the | ar the auggestion of a bystander he cheerfully f !
Michigan trip raised the amount to $40,000,000 Mr MeCar- eee aor th thie : iblecke wane
—_———-—_— rena willingness to use any big fl~@ures gave the ‘ - an predi fed that tt oat f ih Paes thal
a ne » cle ito the city line with more thag
whole thing away ana eeite ad } \
National Committeeman Thomas Taggart of | W.000 plurality and had See rat tras be

WOULD BE VOTERS ANSWERED.

ved by the er of Republican National Cone

   

 

 

 

 
 

    
   

   

 

 

 

  
 

ve Salil Indiana got to town yesterday He said that ; f r
: tiated “de kS Gibbs t hi §
rhe students of Yale ''niversity are not allowed | Indiana was going Democratic. Nobody world ae nan F ‘ were | an sl iouy’ al mm he
to vote in New Haven unless they have resided here | have been surprised if Mr Taggart had sald | oi line would be at least an tn wah ot tn yl
one year and are self-supporting. As my home is | also that Maine was going Democratic The | | i} Gu : be Oe tens ii M Bs not in hb .
v the WestI can afford neither ie time northe money | Republicans at 1 Madison avenue have infors | SQ (inal See Oa anf 4 R wee Blut
PFS aee fo ve: ene = i Am cr oueRt on my | mation which makes them feel confident that | a 2 lll ways hurts a man to have his blu
ather’s allowance ain not self supporting and so » nbles ticket le 7 :
cannot vote here, f feel that it ia my duty to vote Indiana will go for the Republean tick t haven't suoh a plutocratic fund at me
somewhere, Can you help me out of my diffenity? ee command as M Gibbs has," was Mr. Mack's
YALH, 1902 S, SHUT THE crowp ovr. reply Whea Mr. Gibbs's offer was placed before

It ts your duty not to vote, Get over thatferling nin lin ; ‘

you speak of, or you may land tn Ja: Delegates tn Coffey's District Held Conven- | , ss " - ae ae ie tah n : beting
1 » is Vv persiste “a courre

About ten months ago | came to this county after tion Bebind Closed Doors, Phim that it would be mighty nice to increase
having lived in Albany county for twenty years. I The Democrats of the Ninth Assemly district, | his bans aceount the day a election by
then went to Jersey for about six months and came innexing Mr. Mack’s @5 ’ sont A Mmehe
hack to this county two months ago. Can I notclaim | Brooklyn, held their adjourned convention | senger to the Democratic ‘headquarters saving
residence In this county so a8 to vote this fall? at Dikeman and Van Brunt streets last night he Was wi » Wawer tuat the Republ ean

JOSPRPH M ' . . Stete plurality would be | 1M.0e0 rita
he convention broke in disorder on Wed- -

Not on the facts as stated. You must have lived la Thy toa . 5 > " ” irred Mir Ma HH inlet of ctphertng

pesday night after William Fitzpatrick and re he f : docided t ake it
the county four months ore tivall : { 4
Daniel Duffy had been placed in nomination Whiy, 100,08 id Mr. Maek, “w prace

L would like information as how to vote a aplit ticket. | for Asseniblyman The spectators demanded | tleally the Rooseve.t plarcit If 5% v
I wish t vote the national ticket only; having al- | the nomination of Kdward = Gerrity The thes down tot ity line with that is
wavs voted a Straight ticket [ hardly know how to | convention was composed of ten de vill be hard seratehing te car the ie
mark my ballot ENGINFER In order to prevent any further disorder none | Bryan

Make an X mark fu the space before the name of | Dut delogates oon permitted im the hall last Mr Mn k didn't te to take ay fen se

. . orP t : night The first ballot wasa tie, each candidate | Gibbs's offer tin his own name, so whey he ha
each of the cand!dates for Presidential Blector for whom reeiying five votes. On the second ballet obtaine ithe nec sey Ohen requested ieorce
you wish to vote Henry Gerken who placed Daniel Duffy in nomi No Graham, the head of the Demo cy Pre<q

f . , r} > over to mele bures they \ Cieorge \ touvzer,

1 left my boarding piace here last year and wens | BAtlon op Wednesday night, went over to the ene | ne refit iin tsinia, Stk Bouuae Gan
to another State where Twent (nto the employ of a man | 22 and the vote was six to four in favor of . thy A At) OUrST Y
as clerk. Was recalled to this elty vant February Fitzpatrick who was declared the noril nes b five 3 rold certiticstes 1 r oralam
and have been here ever since, Can I legally vote When the result was announced tothe crowd | fv Sim silye entities @ mone 4
in this State at the neat election in November? |} outelde there were many unkind remarks | | ‘ feite :

a. 2 about the delegates Mr. Rovzer has ter fimcolde rifleatee
to bet « . ef

No you have changed your residence within a year, . 0 HOt O1 the Sar “
and have not livet bere long enough to acquire 18 Hill Not to Confitct With Beveridge.
again - . aap ani Register To day!

INDIANAPOLIS, Oct. 11.--The Democraticman- | ;

A Government emplovee naturalized ettizen on | agers were in communication with former Sen- |, oe os on . reopen to-day rk
duty in Washington, claims residence in New York . 7 , : ee to 10 tecister t ay and bea
What is the last date upon which he can register here, ator Hill of New York and the National -o : the record = of 2 oe re red 1 New
in orderto vote atthe next Presidentialelection®  ¢ mnities pt Chi ago ig day, ind Ax a res tof York and Kings counties ont first day ta

’ i jays are today an the r efforts ther wi ~ ne conflict of dures nM)

Heese weoe . ; Gay ANG lo-morrow, Oct between Hill and Senator Beveridge It had - -

12 and 18. and next Fri@ay and Saturday, Oct 19 cal ill ¢ » bet nth
} been arranged for PUL to sneak here onthe | Ramad far the Aviombl
and 20 night of Oct. 18, the night the Republicans had
rented Tomlinson Hali for Beveridge. till will et- James tl. Dwyer re.
a nd. Plevett, Demoernt

 

I have been a resident of this city for more than a

peak on Oct. 16
taxes whatever speak on Oc ’

year. Have never pac an Iam
a Repudiican, Will you advise me tf I am eltgible,
If not what must | do to become an* RHOK

You may vote here

Am | allowed to vote for William MeKiniey on the
Republican ticket and at the same time for Adial
Stevenson for Vier-President? uF

lhere is no Way by which your vote can be counted
for McKinley and Stevenson

I moved from Hrookl) n borough t Queens borough
on Sept. 1, can L vote in my new residence?
No NAME

No; you will not have been four months fn your

new county, as the law requires

Can a pauper
al the coming election®

He cannot vote from the almshovse
from his previous residence, however

an inmate of the almshouse, vote
P. J. 7

he can vote

lam 21 years old in January next Do I bavea
vote” Have been told | can vote on age r.S

You have no vote this year
Is a person entitled to swear in his tote on election

sy. provided he be outof town on registering days on
nis Tacation® N. A.W

He ts not, he must appear at the registration place,
and register \n person or he cannot vow

va

 

Register To-day!

Manhattan, The Bronx and Brooklyn must
register 22.,.0% voters to-day to equal the reo
ord of 1896 And they are bigver than they
were in 1806

Rhode Istand Congressmen Renomina ted,

Provipencr, R. 1, Oct, 11--Adin H. Capron
and Melville Bull were renominated for Congrese
by the Republicans to-day, Ihe convention was
enthusiastic.

PACKETS OFTEN 10

 

ZB 4» 15S