Ya rrr mm a i nf

 

 

  

PLENTY MORE RICE WILLS

  

 

JORGE BARTINE OF SOMBRVILLE,
WN. J, OREW TWO OF THEM,

One Founded a Rice Institate af Denelien
~One & Rice Institate in New Tork ~The

s a Rice ltastitate at
Flowston—The Patrick Will Founds Patrick
Jones Wont Give Up Kice'’s Old Checks.

If William Marsh Rice executed @ will in
198 and another fp 1900, where is the one x.
eouted when he lived in Dunellen, N J, and
the one he executed shortly after he moved
from Dunellen to New York’ The informa
ton that the eccentric old millionaire did ex-
eoute two wills that haven’! figured at all in
the strange story of his death and the attemnp!s
of rival claimants to get hold of hia estate was
given te Tre BUN yortorday by Judge John D
Bartine of Sumerville, \ J, for lifleen years
County Judge of Bomerset county and one of
the leaders of the Somerset oounty bar Judge
Rartine ought to know something about these
uet0 mow generally anbeard of WUle, because
he drew them

Mr, Mice came North to live in in77 and about
1688 he Bought an eutate ut Diinellen and went
te iive there. Armong those with whom hw
firet became acuualnted alter muy into Sotn-
ereet county was Judge Badine tle retained
Hartine as his aitorney, It was to Judge Bur-
tine that Rice unfolded tas scheme for fo ind-
ing, equipping and endowing a @reat Uistiti-
tlon where the ciifldren of the puor could ol tala
free of cost a liberal education

Judge Bartine want to Phi adelphia with Rice
to look over (drard College and learn what
they could of the genere! scheme ou which it
was founded ite vourses of study and the oost
of maintenance. After that visit Mr. Rice
hed plans and epectfications drawn of an im
stituton similar to Girard College. Thea
one day be called on Judge Bartine and told hirn
he wanted hig will drawn ‘This was eubse-
quent to ist and previous to isvs The prop-
erty of which Rice was thes possessed was
divided by Qhis will tute 100 ebares By Rives
direction the firet twenty-six shares were des-
ignated by the letters of the alphabet and thess
exhausted, another scheme of desiguation
was resorted to) = Kive a; evified what property
should be included tp each share and a tev
inaking bequests to such relatives and friends
as he cared to remember, be made the hive
Institute, which was to be etablisned by thuast
will at Duneliew, his residuary legatee | he
will wae signed and exectited In Judge Bartine’s
office and Uartine and Capt. Baker » ere narnied

 

 

 

as two of the executors, A provision stip
ated that only residents of Somerset and Jian-
i'ton counties, SN. d., might receive insti. tion
at the institute

\bo isos Rice moved to New York

it
and his second wife did not
etuer and the mansion at Duneien w
Gor long after Rice came to New York |1@ sun.
moned Judge ia tine and told lim he wanted
to make another will He eald Le had oe
to the conclusion that New York was the piace
for an institution such as he wanted to found
and he desired '@ inake@ such Ghangds iu fhe
Dunellen will as would provide for the estab
ishing of the institution here All the otter
srovisions of the previous Will, he said, were
o be unaltered Ine chanwé- were mace
and the will was executed al the (hatha
National Bank, tha! place being selected Judve
Bartinesaid beveuse Mr Rive knew oho caslier

H P. Doremus =| he sane persons were pumed
as executors of this will as of the other Alber

| Patrick was nol nefed as ab executor of
either of these wi ls and nothing ha come tp

 

   

  

 

t) show that Patr.ch knew Rice al ‘his Gune,
the wlegel ® eer tite ot M
Hives will has not been made | ‘ Lawye

 

James W. Gerard, who livids i, said vesterda
tiat tue substance of 115 impulfant provisio
has already been published correctly, excep
that there is nothing in the document abo
directing Patrick to vomimemorate the t
tors name in any worthy charity No mention
’ any charity is nade and Patrick gets the
residue of the estate outright

Mr. Gerard then added that the Baker wu!
in which the Rice Institute, to be established
al Houston, is made the residuary legates,
will be offered for probate here (o-day or go-
morrow. Wheu Patrick's course! Prederte
kK House, was asked if obsections the pro
bate would be made he

fe N be time enough @ offer objections
when the offer for probate is made It nay
be that we will offer no objections 4! this ime
At any rate, we have no intention of offering
our will for probate to-morrow

Bail waa offered for Patrick yesterday by
Willlam 8. Long. who offered four bulldings
in whieh he said id an eg { $88,000
It came out that has an unsatietied fiudg-
ment for $18.00) a@zainst bim Mawistrate

 

  

 

Brann refused tie bond
Taliman, the handwriting sharp from Chie
cago, was added 1) the |iet experts yester-

dav and now there arein the pay of Capt Baker
all the experts who appeared in the Motinenx
ease and it ts said thal more are ui the wa

here. The attorneys for Capt Bakar, through
the police, have demanded of Jones that he
produce all the cancelled chacks that Kice had
at his home. The voung man jas refused to

comply. The experts hase al ne hundred
checks that were on fila at Swenson & Sons
banking house Vhey wa e others to hut

for the genuine checks from \ *‘yaay the

      

   

alleged forceries were traced ‘Thus far they
have found none of Rica's ot a from which
they will say the traciige nade
apeaking of the checks drawn o1 the |
Avenue [rust | ay ‘eo ' ! 7
second Vice-Pre-! of the conipany, said
veaterday

“The checka were satiafaciory to us, eles
we would not have paid them and we are a

satisfied.’

 

a ‘\

UNIVERSITY OF ROCHESTER

Dr, Rash Rhees Installed as President With
Appropriate Ceremonies.

RocmeatTyn, ( it. Dr. Rush Rhees wae
fietalled as Preside of the University of
Rochetter in the new gyniasium of the Uni-
versity thie afiernoon rhe women took a
prominent part in the auguration, although
none of them eapoke. This is the frst
that women have been admitted to the
verelty, and the women who made jt
for them to ariend were there to congratulate
them. There Susan RO Anthony,
and eomewhat thinner and feeb er looking than
ahe waa whan sie lsat appeared in public, and
the Rev Anna Shaw and Ida Husted Harper,
who had ist from the enor
politioal aqualiry ¢ nbs

The exercise be@ean af 88% 1) Mo owith the
mareb from Anderson Hall to the aynonasiun

vear
Uni-
possible

WAS nem

come vention of

Firat marched the students, both men and
women, led by Marshal bo F Coraline, the
students being arranged in olassaas The

Beth Low of Columbia

s kers, Preeident
President William BR Harper of Chicago Un
versity and President |. ¢

irk Seelve of Rmith

Collage, marched next) [hen came the wistr-
ing college Presidents, among thee heing
President Robert Ellis Jone of Hobart Collage,

President George Merrill of Colaate Uniy ersity,
President Boothe ( Davis of Alfred Untvarsity
President George B Stewart, D Df), of 4y-

burn Theological Seminary, President_Gunnis
son of Mt

Taylor of
were

Lawrence University, and Presiden:

Vassar College ‘he Preident«
owned and hooded, and wore numero
showlng the hich rank they haye

the intellectual world Dr Rhee
the head of the faculty Inside
the evmnasim the dandelion green, the Varsity
calor, war much in evidence The exercises
were presided over by Charles M  Williarm<
the Secretary of the Roard of Trustees sxe!
lections by the LU niversit Glee (ub were
first on the programme

The opening address was delivered by Prox -
The

 

dent Tow of Columbia on College
or the Universitvin its Relation to City Lite
President Harper of Chicago University was

the nexttospeak. [leaublect was” The College
Officer and the College Student President
Seelre spoke on “The Limitations to the Prest-
dent's Power in the Amencan Collega”™ The
keve of the university were given into the keep-
ing of the new President, alao the charter and

 

the seal. lr. Rhees then delivered hisinaugura!
address, his subiect being “The Modernizing «!
Libera! Culture 4 reception followed

HIS \AME SAVED HIM.
Richard Croker, pector, Let of

 

Withoot a Fine for Drankenness,

A nicely dressed roung man was a prisoner
in the Centre stree police court yesterday
charged with intoxication, He had been found
helpless in New Bowery, near Park row

“What is

Br ,
“Rtchard « roket

“Come, come,” said the Magistrate, “don't urs
apy such conficence gaineon me

"It's the truth, your Honor,” replied the
wisoner. “[ have no other nae | ‘
fimber inspector and boars at $42 Faet bigh.
teenth street.

Gotamiidlename? asked the Court \

“Yes, Henry

“Well, Henry. { guess [ will have te let yon
6 op account of your nama” remarked Mag-
strate Brann. “Dischares

your tarnre asked Magistrate

 

 

Brooklyn as « Dwelliag Spot.
Apariments and dweiiings in Brook!) s<
@ilik other localities) See Sunday s SUN,
1 Gnd mueb to interest you ~Ade

™
You

 

-—————¥ ee
ll ——
—_———

|

i
— SS
= >> =

SING SIN@ SCANDALS DENIED.

Had Bifects of Katorced idleness,
At a Ansoclation to
be held on
fi be presented from
investigaling the
n Sing Sing and the other State prisons
especial convicts

Privo

fhureday of neat report

a oonunittee which has!
condition of affairs

with |

|
Warden Johnson Saya Ther Are sraieton |
meetin of the

werk a

been

reference to the fesults to
generally of the |

and to (he prison discioline

operation of the law prohibiting the manne
fargure in State prisons of merchandise for |
thadeneral market. The effects of this law |
the Prison Agsoclation and (he udmiuistras |

aone generally

tive and medical offleere of ye

helleve to be pernicious, as it ls commonly {
known that no state is worse than idleness
for conviete The Prison Assoctation sevke |

the nullification of the constitutional inhibt-

thon awalost works of manufacture which would
provide vecupation for the State's convicts

4 sensational story, fathered by stggestion
jon the Prison Association but bearing evi-
deuves ou ite fave of the work of some dis

|
|
|
charged convict, was published by the Herald
yesterday, setting forth Cuat the investigation
which had been made by the assuctation’s
voutinittee had revealed a scatda@luus slave
of things in Sing Sing, among the abowlnations
heing the sale of privileges w convicts with |
noney, severe punishment of the tosubordl- |
Hate, and the concealmentof murder resulting |
from abuse of refractory prisovers, The Pres-
ideut of the Prison Association, Chariton | |
(lewis, said that he was unaware of the ex
istence of sieh & vondition of Thilgs ul Sits
Sing and that the stury, evidently suppli
from seurom olker thay the aseoclalion, Waa
4 decided exaggeration as compared with any
report to be made by the clation’s coninit- |
tes, which was concerned chiefly, as has been
said, with the results of the labor Inhibition
of the organio law ef the man
Warden Addison Johnson of Bing Olne Priso,
said that the story was too absurd to abo e
and the warden and crinepal Keeper Conna\
ton both sald that w *y% as arileinastory so
long and olroumstanual there appear =
truth, however muoh iisstatement -
hood, in this story there was pot an lota of
truth. One “favored convict,” desorthbed as
not cormpellead to take the lockstep and aa
having bie meals in private, le a messenger ia |
the ome of Keeper Connaughton, obliged te
stay there and keep track of the electric signad |
bells and notify the keeper what they are. and
he takes his meals when he ean get them. |
Another “favored one’ for whose “private use” |
i kitchen and dining room had been bullt, the |
imber for which cost the State $100," is a@
servant {n another department of the prison:
he bas no private dining room nor kitchen. |
Neither has he an ofl steve, with which the
store credited hin Ol) stoves are oovastonally |
neaked into the prison, and Warden Johnson |
haa confiscated and destroyed several of thens |
lhe receiving of meals by convicts ip the |
vLospital dining room” has not bean permitted
for several years except that prisoners work- |
ng th the hospital sometimes get thelr food
there, the men, for iustance, who hold the
basins when surgeons perforin operations
Mr Johtieon say4 rie A. rald'a story tuld of
a convict Who had beeu kicked by a keeper off
f five fee! above the cement floor,

 

 

| guest fer

| tempt of the Texas au! horttie

PURELY POLITICAL MOVE;

THE DEMAND OF TEXAS FOR SUR-
RENDER OF STANDARD OTL MEN,

 

The Indictments Are Sit Years Old and the
Demand for a Kequisitlon Was Refused by
Gov. Flower oa the Ground That the Men
Wanted Were Not Fagitives From Justi
Armany, Oct. Ih --The effor

Democratic Governor of Texas

surrender t>) the authorities of that State of

Joho DD. Roekefeller and the other directors

‘ the Standard Oll Company is looked upoo
by those fainillar with the facts as a purely

   

of the present
t> secure the

} political move

isi, Jolin D. Rockefeller,
Henry M. Flagler, William Rockefeller, Joho
LD. Arehibald, Benjamio Brewster, Leary H,
Rogers and other representatives of the Stand-
ard Oll Conpany were indicted at Waco, Tex,
wy the charge of violatiag the anti-trust laws
f the State by selling their product cheaper
than the evat of production ja order to ctush
vut competition

Gov. Hogg of Texas at that time requested
Gov. Flower to surrender to the authoritles
of that State the Indicted representatives of

In Novernber,

the Standard Oll Company. Gov. Flower
told the representatives of the State of
lexas that a man could not be a fugitive

from justice frou: a State in which he had never
been blower also told Cue Léaas authori-
ties that be would surrender the representa-
tives of the Standard Ol] Company to them If
they satisfied tim that auy of Che iudicted wen
had been in Texas [hile Gov. Howm's repre-
sentative could not du, Two other Dermocratiq
Governors, Stone of Missouri aud Mitchell of
Florida refused t) honor Gov. Hogg’s requisi-
tion op the same grou ts

Three weeks ago Vullen F. Thomas, the
prosecuting attorney of MoLennan vounty
Tex. in which Waoo is situated, called aft

the executive c iber In this clty with a re
ov oosevelt tu gurreuier the
Standard Ol] directors to the Texas authori
ties upon the old lnodietment of 1994 This
rejiieat came from Goy. Sayers of Texas. Mr,
Cullen was told by Jucge Joyce, Guy. Roose
velt's pardon clerk, through whose bands all
these requistions pass, that Gov toosevelt
would surrender the representatives of the
Standard Oll Company or any one alse tipo
the requisition of Che Governor of another
State, providing proof should be produced
that the men asked for bad been in the State
frow wolch (he request came, aud especially
at the tline that t crime with which they
are charwe | waa committed

Jidwe Joyce told Mr. Cullen that this was a
slinple matter of law which could not be waived,
no matter who the desired person wa Judwe
Jovce was Gov Flower'« pardon derk and his
opinion ts regarded as that of an expert
Mr Cullen admitted that he could sot tnake the
affidavit required.

The next heard of the matter
to make political

Choy

 

waa the at

 

  

 

a gallery forty
to whieh the fellow fell, recefving mortal ine | capital out of (hese sfz-\ ear-old indletinents
hes Whloh were not tuld ef in the death ver A representative of the State of Texas walled
tifcate, Two convicts fought ou a gallery | upon Gov Rooseveltin St Louisa few days ago,
and fell off breaking an arm and wrist, but | and recy sd action which the Gowernor
hot fnjuring themselves fatally, Many veare | alread x heen informed vould not be taken
ayo one raat Jumped from a balcony, but he in ffl the application for # requisittgn had heeo
lid tdleand ie how th another prisoa completed in aeeordance with the require
Prisoners with money gan always purchase | Wwents of the law as Interpreted by the United
food for therse'vea, the ne permitting each | States Supreme Court,
tian lo Peceive thirty-five pounce of food from | ‘ bieut.-Gov. Woodruff, who is acting
tside the prison every two mouths if he haa | Gover @ of the State, said that ou Une night
any ohe who cares to give fit to him orlf he can | e* tl on which Mr. Thomas had oalled
buy tt As to punishment, the prison man- , af the baeculive Chamber @ few weeks ago

ageinent acknowlaiges that men are mace to
tilnd, as they have to be, that discipline is
enforced, and that. if necessary ¢o that end,
the dark cell la reaorted to Another charge
of the story was that furniture and clothing
made in the prison were sentto private indi
eduals The only way anything made at the
prison ds went away af all, War en Johnsen
suid yesterday, ts by requisition of some public

ins®litution of the State throngh the office «or
the Superintendent of State Prisons, on whose
certification Che State Treasurer makes pay

the chance for error

the least, limited and

to the prison. so
6, to say

mett
alone that line
easy to trace

GREBENWICH'S BAD kKOY,

He ds Only ® Years Old, bat Swearsund He
Set Fire to the Schoolhouse.
CieRENWIiCH, Conn,, Oe 11 lie Selectmen
and school Visitors of the town had & meeting
lis elit tocougider the action of Ralpb Lock-

|

wood, sou of Charles Lock wood of North Stan- |
wich, aboy of Svears, Shadrach ¢ lose, the come
mitteeman of the distriet, aud Miss Mabel [.yon,

arneoffcials

|

the teacher made complaint tothe!

  

hat (he boy swore, fought and hadattempied to
bart e schoolbouse, and they werein dread of
ty. Commitleemen Hawley and Mead were told
tovimt ta sid th s thes did to-da Mine lover
pointed o the dito the oMelais thig
norblug ashe Was playing hen
Did ro ty the seb asked

i eet fire

 

Mr Hawles ‘

Ves, sir proudly responded the boy

Did any one help vou

\ sif,

Pid \ i; te u me you were wolng to ce
!

Yew, | told Charley Howard The other
boys d elo

t port uguir of the tavcher it was found

at e lad was much brighter than older
children, | that he was always troublesome

went into the Stan-
fle hie wrand-
6 axed postiaster
preparing the churen fer
service, took everal matches, wert
hoolhotse, and

On Saturday last the bo
wieh Congregational Church wl
father, George Lockwood
and sexton, Was
1 the after liahting then
atuck some under the door and some in the coal
bit jhe charred woodwork shows how nearly

school came to being reduced to aahes
Mr Lockwood promised to enank him to-nlghe
and the b to @et the eehral

away

promised pever

on fire agal The committee came

satisfied

FOUGHT OVER AN END SEAT,

Then the Youth Who Fried for tt Mad the
Man Who Occapied It In Coart for Assanit.

\ young man who said he ware ©. Galioen-
iwver at 1) Bro
a chatrman of the Offeial

Committee, who

4dwav, had Clayton
Vreight Clas.

the Hotel

Steir 1

sifieation lives at
Com n the West Bide police eourt reaterday
ona summons charging hin with striking him
inthe faceonan open Fighth avenne car last
Friduy night, Gallieenstein said (hat near 100d

etree! he tried to get in the seat on the end of
which Mr. Gill was sit ge but Mr Gill's legs
were extended out so he couldn't gat by se
he squeezed in between Mr Gill and the ayr.

side ra Mro« then
M ( hema the larger man

thumped him ind
Wak allie to

pruaine wiadhout being vt himself
“Eo dnt, acid Me Gill, “that mv legs were
tretened out. Twas tired that night, ae Thad
streturned from ahearingin¢€ ineinnatl Twre
doyving, as # tired man will, When this young
man pushed in | ® bad tonened me on the
shonider and asked me te move I would have

 

oeman celused to arrest me

 

at responsible man and
Dbrouglt a civil suit avainst ine

he has already

 

persoually gaw the Lieutenagt-CGovertor at
Evek and asked Litn to acton
ifsition for the surrender
people to ft!

Pe thle request [leut -

the Hotel Ten
Gov. Mayer's
t the Stand ard

the lex asautiorities

 

    

 

}Gov. Weodruff replied that he thought thts
Was A ise Which «=! { have the action
of (iover t f the State, and that
in view of » fuet that the Indlermenta
vpou whiel his proceeding i* based were
found in isa, he did not think any one would
ant ff action «hould await Gov Roosevelt's
ret about thet ad week in October the
Tieutenant-Governor was surprised to learn
that Gov Roosevell was asked at St Touis to
act in the :natter, when it was known that he
could perform no ofeal function as Governor
while outside the State of New York The
Lieutenant-covernor added that he had not
refused to act on the application for a raquist
ther although he belleved ft weuld be but
proper that the matter sho Id await G Roose

velt's return to the state

CONGRESSMAN BOUTELLE'S WEALTH,

Restored, According

 

 

  
 

Said to Be Completely
to His Daaghter,

Rostos, Get 1 Miss (Girace Boutelle of |
Bangor, Me danghter of Congressman Charles
A. Boutetio, is it city preparing for the
removal of ber father t ome at Bangor
frown he Melenr Assiun Miss Boutelle
satya her father is perfect we and will be
able to ke his seat in Congress, but is of the
opinion that he will not leave the asylum for
two or three weeks vet She visits the Cone
gressman every afternoon ai a disoiisses busie
ness witli him, or takes a walk through the gare
dens when the weather permits save
Vir. Boytelle is able to direct his with
a clear head and in a inanner that would leave
ne donht tt one’s mind that ha is yell

Fathers imorovement has been slow,”
aaid Miss Boutetle Much time has been talen
mn laying the n ron w h his ¢ re
good healt » be bul burt re Ss KAiN«

i ous veloett His last ve.
Ing With i fou elo 1 i i
{n ¢ ares is th ise 4 he breakdown

healtt lat theaft ore Whok mwa v
h sored la ) private secveta nd
f " iat “

the Governor of Alabama to the Governor of
New Hampchire,
rar orn, N. AL, Oct. 11. —Ge
staff of Alabama have presented

with a ailver ioeving

Tolnson and
Vv. Rollins
f thelr

Alabania-
recently

 

cup as a toker
remembrance of the
Portemouth

av, accompanied by a

esteem and it
Kearsage celebration at
The cup arrived Satu

 

 

eter signed by Gov. Johnson and his staff, in

hic ther express their appreciation o! the
attentions they received at the celebration, and
nasuring Gov. Rollina that the loving ties which
have Kt ed Alabama and New Harnpsiire can
ne he broken by time, distance or cireime
sfatoces

Register To-dar!

To-day jathe first dav of registrationand to-
morrow the aecond. Friday and Saturday of
next week are thelast days. Register ti -day

The Weather.

& atari appaated on Phe coast of Maine yenterda

winds and ratn all alone the New Eine

vstern Canada and Nova Seotia

tausing nigh
land coast, northe
‘There wae a second stor
California he winds were becoming high and the
conditions threatening Showers fell tn the Arkan
Valles, Alabama and Kentucky,

   

developing on the coast of

Mlestestpnt
eas ISSTRSI DE

Fair weather prevalied from the middle Atlantic coast |

weat to the Rock, Mountains and inthe Lake regions

nom ' ide tle knocked my hat and Northwest
owe had some blows then. The en [t was warmer in the central States and slightly
poed and this man called a polieemar enotet the middie Atlantic States Heavy frost

n Kansas and lieht frostin northern Texas,

sholet of this matter is, this vor occurred
1 understand a law Student. { Ohio, Michigan, ¥ nsin, Ilinots, Distriet of Co
to make capital out of me He knows | pumbia and Maryland. It should be somewhat warmer

here to-da

Gallicenstein preduced two wltneseaa the In this eit esterda t was fair winds gwenerally
conductor and @ passenger on the car The brisk west and northwest average humidity, 47 per
en didn't know much about the trouble cent. batometer, corrected to read to sea level, at
it e passenger said it was all Mr. Gill noon: 8B. Ma 8008 '
faritt The case waa adrourned tor a week for AA. M, O00 45 oe
Mroti bring witnesses on his side Tne temperature as recorded by the offtetal ther

—erneenaoe mometer, and also by TitF StN’s thermometer at ‘he

INSURANCE CHARGE DISWISSED.

Magistrate Follows the Attorney-General in

 

  

Dealing With President Morgan.

Vhe sree by ¢ ti eluly last by Frader-
ick K. Sev ro gdinst Richard Morgan, Pree.
ides he Ba Life Insurance Compar
chargving tink With making certain illegal dis-
c Ss IN ieuraAnce @ontracts in vine
lation t section 477 of the Penal Code, 1s
dis ds vesterday by Mnogistrate Hogeon
in the Peeex Market noliee court ( hang es
aga he company te John Po Beal wr "
made t he Insurages Department prey
to the oriounal charges and were dismissed
on the advice of the Attorney-General Mag
sirale Hogan held that these charges enihod-
oa the egations made aga ¥ Mors
and t he ts Deotend CO take the saree view
‘ é ‘ * Al orney -Crener al

MOMOLNELIN'S EXTRADITION DELAYED.

Defence Katved That He Is Not the Fugitive
Concord Convict.

i ani na, Oot. 11 lhe hearing on extra

dition proceedings brought by New Hay ipshire

authorities toobtain the custody of Max Sahvoer

beinorSthinburn, the "King of Bank Burglare
has been adjourned until Wednesday, Oct
i7 In the meantime, Schoenbein will he eon

fined In the Plattshure jail

Wheeler A Woodward, counsel for Schoen
bein. expect to prove by witnesses that Schoean-
hein | tthe man who escaped from Coneord
State @ Prins IsA8, Arid that, even if he is
under the lnweo: New Marnpshire as ther were
in 18446 Schoenbein cannot hiwfully be taken
back to Concord and made to serve time there.

|
|
|
lhetead, he pushed in roughly
he collar and just Htted him

street level isshown intl eanneted tabe

 

omeal Suns —OMcia Sun's

1900. iSvH 1a HOO. 1898 1900

9AM! hf 44° 6PM 66 ar nae

12M ae° 6A’ no” OP MAN Gi’ 6)

a M6. Ane 7° 12 Mid.. 44° 62° oA

wast aon ror! AST FOR ‘TO DAY AND fo

MORROW

New England, fate today and to morrow, ex:

cept pos rain to morrow in south and west por
te bosk northwest winds

r eastern NO York, generally fair tad 1y. in

creasing midiness and prohably rain by to marron,

fresh shift fo northeast, winds

For eastern Pennesy!vanta, New Jersev and Dela
ware, fair today increasing cloudiness and probat
rain tomor fres vest, shifting to north: ast,
wine

Per riet Columbia and Maryiand, rain
thin alive to ntent and to morrow. fresh to

st nds

Drisk northe
yestern Pennsylvania and westerns New \ ork

late today and also to morrow: fresh

pro
a0 west. shifting to northeast, winds.
JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWNS,
HES as received $1 from R. K. S. of Detroit
for the Galveston ferers fund

James Camphe |. who shot himself in Central Park

on Sept. 22. died in Hellevur Hospital resterdar
Judgment for $22, 12 wasentered yesterday against
Robert Fens, |) quor dealer, of 271 Wasuington street
in favor of George Bivret e brewer
The Manhation Liberal ¢ be hoid 4 Maas mert
ing to night at the German Masonic Ha 20) Fast
Fifteenth street Among the speakers will he ex

Congressman SV. White,

@an issues

who Will speak on Republi-

THE SUN,

e custody of |

  

QUAM AS A NAVAL ATATION

 

Surgeon V Reypen Saye From a Health

Standpeint Conditions Are Unfavorable.
In his annual report

 

WASHINGTON, Oct 1h
to the Secretary of the Navy Rear Admiral W.
K. Van Reypen, Surgeon-General, takea a pest
simistic view from the standpoint of health of
the use of Guam aaa naval station

“Typhoid fever la practically epidemic among
the natives,” he saya, “Owing to the polluuion
of drinking water to shallow wella near cesae

of any

|

| pools and to the very common lack
provision whatever for the receipt of refuse
niatter, The disease soon appeared among
the enlisted force, a9 access to contaminated
water was under the clreumetances unavotdable

there were

four deutiea
|
|

than five months

cases wid

During less

twenty-five
this cause in @ force of 144

climate is deb al iti ihe

men
Iheab
above 77 degrees, but
though the days are
amoupt of sunshine, the
nights are auffiviently cool for blankets. tt
is ala at this season that the humidity is
lessened and the trade winds are most con
stant ‘yor June wo November or December
the Fueled is heavy aod almost constant, but
during the rest of the rear the climate is very
Leprosy is not con

There
ye ou the

from
The
annual temperature |
in the winter tivtttis
hot from the Jarger

agreeable for the troples
se 16 NOt inereasiL
cases Khowh fo

non and the cise
fourteen
Uitiie

yall the cireume the con-
t favorable at station for
wd healthy Excluding the ine
al to life in the tropics the present

  

are oly
islam at this
“Considertt
ditions are
continuous
Nience tncide
too close proatiity to surroundings

eccupatlon

| station is in

made unfaveravble by the long

of « people unaware of Aanilary requirements,
'
|

“ances,

   
   

this

It is worthy of note that the health record
of the Yosemite, anchored vear Cabras Island,
has been excellent, and it is probable thata
naval station established there would enjoy
far better health Uap the one at Agana As
Oabras Trland is not Inhabited, ite sofl fs free
frou mnteriee Its
collent and it

age is @x-
f repo that therels at Land
an ample supply of potable water ”

Concerning the health of the large naval
force in the Philippines, Adiairal Van Keypen
says
“i onsidering the olirmatio conditions and the
Necessary @Xost the health of thie aquarded
has been remarkably good [t has been and
still is the practice to send officers and men
fromn_ debilitating climatic
iva) Hospital at Yokoiuna,
over and returo

atural

   

who are sufferin
conditions to the
where, as &rule, they soon rex
to their stalons for duty

ORDERS.

ARHY AND NAVY

Officers ow BMecrulling Duty Are Ordered te
Take Keorul(s to Manila,

  

| WASHINGLON, Uct 11, —These army orders were
| imaued to day
ihe followiny officers will be assigned by the (om
maud og Gener Department of the Rast, to duty
wit recrults i from New 1 ork wily ontue irene
wrt Kilpatricy if Maulla o lly
fit tra, Sia Major Jacob A, Augur,

 

 

|
|
| Fourth Cavalry er G. Wood, Vorty first
| Infantry, U. S. \., Capt. Waldo bk. Ayer ‘ 4
| Infantry, First Lieut, Benjar Mo Hartshorne
Ninth lnfemtry. Second lAeut, Pred &. Doyle, Lwent
Orstinfantry, Second Lieut. W. M. Kiser, Mightecnta
artry Upon their arrival at Manila and the cote
on of thelr duties witt reeruits the officers aimed

    

joi thet respective reginie
Phe following officers, now at Columbus Barracks,

Ubiu, will be assigned by the comman omirr of
that post to duty with recruits to Le sent

   

    

  

| post to New Lor city to sail on the trars
yatriek about Nov. 7 for Mantla. Capt Wiliam ¢

| Wren, Seventeeuth in'a Capt, Beaumont!) Puca
Siateenth litamtry a} tien @ Lyon, twent
second Infantry First lieut. Thomas E. Sciley
iwenty third Infantry First Lieut Arthur (rar

 

 

od Lieut. Francis A. P

Infantrs Sev re,
Archibald . Sunder

| Seventeentt

   

  

 

 

Sixth Artillery, Second Licut

land, Sixth Artillery. Second Lieut Clarence L

Jr, Sixth Artillery. Second Lieut. Herman Wa
Fourth [ntantry, Second Lieut Frank 5S. Howen,
Siasth Infantry Seeond J.ieut) George T. Perkins
Twentieth Infantr t pe rrival at Manila and
completion of thet duties with the recruits officers
| pamed wil! foin thelr resp @ regiments

Phe following named cers will ssigned b,

the Commanding General, Department of the bast,
ft dity with recruits to gall from New York oity on

the transport Buford about No for Manda = ‘o!,

    

  

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1900.

vacod Kline, Twenty-first Infantry, Major Jonn |
Kodman, Twentieth Infantry: Major Daniel Gorman,

| wenty-first! Majot Charies A. Dooth, Sixth
lifantry Capts irles W. Mason, Fourth Infantry; |
Charlies R y sineteenth Infantry; Charies W,
Abbott, Jf elft; Infantry; George bk. Frenel

   

’ iu R. Seyt , | Wenty -ser
{item H, Hertsab, Fourth Infantry; Firs
am H, Waseels, ‘| went, second Infautr
Smith, Twentleth Infantry Fdward A,
fleeith Invant Second |Aeuts, Gllbert A,

  
 

   
 
     

     

  

 

 

    
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

’ fri Artilery: Frank ©, WHitlock,
| Cavalry MeManus, Third Artillery
} Melotyre, Sixth Artilery, William ’
| d infant Edward BR. W. MeCabe, Seven.

1 ifantey. won their arrival at Manila and
the completion of thetr ¢ @ with the recruits the
officers named will foint r respective regiments

Capt, Frank K, wheeler, Assleant Surgeon, and

} Acting Assistant Surgeon Charles } Barney). are
detailed as me ersofthe Examining Board appoint

| ed ft meet at Fort Monroe, viee Lieut-Col, Robert M

; oRe Ih ty Surgeon-General, and First eut
Leigh A er Assistant Surreo

t ot neph ©. Castner, Fourt aniry

e ‘ te suenther, wi th Art
ery. } sider t e Vaamining Boaartd epypollied 9
meetat fort Monroe for examination as to tf Atness
fur motor

Co } MeCrea, Sixth Art ry, will report by
letter to thr ¢ nanding Genesal, Department of the
Fast, for dut. with reerults to be sent from New York
city tot } ppine Iisiands

1 rime i & rew’
rec r te a Cap i
pr a from Virat Lieutenant | ‘
tot ft th Infantry, Company | i
Sent ‘ ‘ Mitel % ied | a |
Wis tt promoted from See
| Fler pfantre), to the Vitth Infantr
| Sep e Sm ti pr ted

First Lie 1 s enth Infantry, will report

to ub Hawes, Third Artillery, Pres it of
| the bia wir Board, appointed to meet at the I’re
sid A } at for romot
| ( ‘ aries B ves, Ninth Infantry, from \ ao-
co r. firitish Columbla, to Pekin, China
iss. eg! nis to regiments of officers
rece \ “ sre o made Mator Wiltam =
Stewart (oromoted fr Captain Fourth Artillery
to the Second Artillery, to date from Ort, 1, tiee Scant
ling, retired from active sectice, and will report t
| Commanding Genera ’ fon of Cuba for asivr
ment to @ station: Capt. Charles P ery ed
from Firat LieutenantSecondArtiver to the | rth
Artiller Hatters F, tewart, promoted, and
will jain « hattery, Firet iftent Phon ast Merril
promoted from yma Lieutevant First Artililer
to the Second r Katte G. to date from Oct
1 1. tne ¢ Parker, promoted, and © joln his bat
} tery
ata rs were issued
tes St ne. to duty as Commandant of
station at San Juan, Porto Reo, aalling
rk Not. 10

Cant. do H. Dayt detached as Commandant of

| the naval stat Norte Rieo, to home
ni wait orders
’ Lieitenant commander I Hi. Sherman, detached
from the Baneroft 1 ty at Norfolk vard in con
nertion with the Annayp

Lieutenant Commander MN. Mahan, to Washing
ton yard for ord truetion

Hieut W joward, detached from the Naval Ir
te sconce Mice and to the bar ft as executive and
na\igator

Liewt, No Manstteld rder detaching from the Ind

| ana modified, tot duty on the Vermont tr
stead af to the Solace

Acsistant Surgeon H. H. Haas, detached from the
Dor ande Austriatel {wa'ltorders

Nav Cadet I la rer detaching from

| the Haneroft revoked

i e resianation of tleut, Rif yappel Ss. \

| attached tothe fagsilp New rk, bas heen accepted
to take eTeet cet 2

Ensign WH Siandley bas been commissioned a
Lieutenant, Junior grade

Register To-day!
Manhattan, The Bronx and Brockivn must

he reeord
they were tn

ter 220,408 voters to-day to eq

jrec
And they are biawer tha

oOo! 1896.

peor

No Renewal of Negotiations for the Parchase
of the Danish West Indies,

11 In regard to the re-
for the purchase of the
e United States have

WASHINGTON, Oct
por that nege tiation
Danish West

heen cenewe

Indes by t!
itis learned that there has hoen

no official corr spondejce ont ibject he
tween the twociorernments for several months
Denmark, however, 18 agai anvions to elect
the sale, and ities reported thar unofficial in-

sto the attiude of the United States

‘ ir
»by Danish agente

have been minde

 

 

Increase to Domestte Exports. ®

W asHINGTON, Oct 1 The valne ofthe four

prin pal articles of dome-t xport for the

month of Sepleniber Was $65,566,570, which was

an inerease of $312 Ti2compared witht ane

| month last vee The breadstulls ex ported
| were valucd at $21,906,406, a de rease of $2,751

his pros ions, $17,081 oon, an ineren oOf& %a%-
| 477. cotton, $20, 108,67 ‘ HeToase Of Sh 115. 00%

and ineral « $6,440,542, aA decrease {

Snr

Debre of Actor Max Figman

  

| § Max Figmanactor ha filed a petitions ;
rupley with Known tabi Mies $1,282 and non
inal assets $844 consisting of a claim against
Robert J. dohnetor for dan ‘ brea
of eontract He le the ' liahilitie
there are t ered ohtuined
Judainient aaainst [ Mitiia ¢ 4} }
he does not know » Holt ile «
and the Metropo Print Among th
creditors are Sar rds and ow Rin
| for salar | ' ber My ke sw.
money loaned © Parker House, Bostor
Sie bond e board
on Need Entertain So Doubt
if wasted Umer and Money endeavoring
as tate through other cnedioms. |
SiN Vides a chant me shicharca ‘

sange May ve nade iow

or exe ve Works pour
| while Uying. Ade.

 

CONDITION OF PORTO RICO,

GEN, DAVIS REPORTS BVENTS WHILE
UNDER MILITARY RULE.

Most of the Seldiers Utiliaed as a Harricane
Rellef Corps 30,000,000 Hations Lit
tributed. there ts Almost Complete Mant.
cipal Autonomy and Honest Elections,

WASHINGTON, Oot. Ot The annual report
of Gen. George Wo Davis, commanding the
Department of Porto Eieo, was made public
at the War Department to-cdas fien. Davis

save that the only of importance dur.
ing the \aar were the uuilization of a very lacue
part of the milltury establishment a a liurrheane
relief corps, the holding of elections for local
oMclals throughout the department and the
transfer tothe clvil authority of the govertinent
and control of the isiand

The work conducted by the arn
cousisted in the distribution of 20,000,000 ra-
tions (one pound each) to the famishing natives
aud extended over 4@ period of almost @ ) eur
Besides thie relivi, work was provided for the
idie men, su (hat self-supporting wages could
be eurued aud facilides for communication
between the towns improved To this branch
of work nearly $1,000,000 was allotted by the
Secretary of War, and (he funds have been or
are being applied in road) construction
Kegarding the elections Geu. Davis says

In Seplember local officials properly
elected at Adjiutas, and before the middle of
February Mayors, town
judges and boards of education had been chosen
and Installed in ail the towus of Porto Kico
The quaivicativns of (he voters were deter-
mined by the military couunauder, and were
the possession of a reading and writing know!-

edge of some language, or the payment of $1
iy Lakes Wittiin the preceding eighteen months,
Under such conditions the uumber of votes
pulled reached an ag@re@ate of $1,178, which is
avout 64, per cent. of the population,

“These elections, conducted under strict army
@ipervision, were the first ever Leld in the
istand that gave lonest returna, and there is no

events

reliel

were

couuedls, municipal

hagardin theatatement that there willneverbea |

never present
armed soldier

election There was
ator near the votlug piace at
The bayonet! was conspicuous by ite abrence
In couelusiou, Gen. Davis calls attentic
to the condition of Porto Kico when the military
overninent Was superseded by elvil Authority
ie save

fairer

On April 80 the machinery of civil govern
ment was in the charge of experienced public
officers andthe organization, with departments
bureaus aud other branches, both insular and

 

 

miinicipal, was 4 ) fhat the new government
ordered by Congress to be Instituteted could,
the tollowing day, be launched and carried for-
ward In an efficient dad economie manner
*In office. in every taunicipality, were o

who in every instance were the cholee «

electors, thus granting to the mounteipalities
alinest complete autonomy life and property
were @verywhere secure, and this without the
we of troop. for proteetior Notwithstanding
the most erievous losse fered by the people,
the Military Gove r war able to turn over to

insular

 

  

the Civil Governor a balance in the
treasiiry of over $400,000

“Aagcomman ithe itary cepartinent of
Porto Rico. and the last Military Governor, I
think thar ¢ “i ‘nj telvy anv that
the trust confided to the army by the President
ali ople has not been abused. 1 believe
t! eve weogne { hus been well done
thal every pound of f i and every dollar of
money eoumitre! to the hands of officers and

 

lied and property ac-
at neither officer nor

rrect'vy ap
ifknowt

en were
counted for

@oier received or askel for aidition to hie
pas the form) of extra compensation, emolu-
ment of allowance from the United States or
lis ar tiewstry

JOHN G. CARLISTE'S PREDICTION,

He Says New York Ie ae Sure for MeKinley as
Is Towa by 65.000 to 70,000 Majority.

W aSHIN John G Carlisle,
former Democratk of the ‘Treasury,
arrived in Washington to-day from New York
to attend to some legal business. Mr, Carlisle
told intimate friende that he would not rote
for President tn the coming election, He said
he was satisfied that McKinley would be elected:
and that he would probably receive a larger
vote in the Fectoral College than he had four
vearms ag: Ag ior New York, Mr. Oarlisle sald
{t was as sure for McKinley as was lowa, and that
he would probably carry the State by between

ION thet i

Secretary

 

45,000 and 70,0000 Mr. Carlisle said that even
the Democratic leaders tn New York admitted
that they had no eonfidence in carrying the

Stale and no hope of electing Bryan

SURE FVIDENCE OF PROSPERITY,

large ltocreases «f Loans and Discounts and
of Depostts ln the Banke,
WASHINGTON, The Comptroller of
the Currency haa just completed an abstract
of the reports of concition of all the national
banks tn the United States at the close of busl-

Get 1

ness Sept 1900. The summary shows that
the agwrewate loans and discounts of the banks
were $2,686,750,600 57 and the aggregate in-
dividual deposits §2,507,248,557.58. A com-

parison of these figures with the condition

the date of the previons call,
the brief period which in-
June and September there

June 29, 1000

shows that d
intervened
increase of § 7,449.54 in loans and

$49,155,790.86 in
if

ring
bet ween

   

was an
individual cde.
banks reporting on
and the number reporting
being an increase on the

and

discounts
ts The number

yn
dune Jb
on Sept

Was 3,732
h was 5,872,
latter date of 140

fhe work compiling the returns of the
Vings institutions of the country has
wen completed, Which shows that
vear ended June 80, 1900, the agwre
nstitutions has increased
85,743,089, the depositea in the

nyuritiial #

  

during the
gate resoure

n the gum of

eaof these

   

    

© baving risen in amount from §$1,9@0
14) ¢ June 0, 1808, Lo $2.194.471,120 on
e mM of the ourrent year, an increase of
£17.2,762,000 fhe nunsber of depositors in

these niitual savings banks inereased during
10 5.470,10 and the av-
£1.90 fo $207.47

  
 

the veur from 4.070

erdge deposits i

Meeting of Catholle Archbishops,
Wasi The Archbishops of
the Catholic Church met to-day at the Catholio
University for their annual meeting Those
present were Cardinal Gibbons, Archbishops
Keane, Eider, Williams, Katzer, Corrigan, Ryan
and Chrystie, and Bishop Hennessey, represent-
ing Archbishop Kainof St. Louis. Only rout-
i} mateers were diaciusaed. tis
proposed to @iange the date of the annual
eeting to the third Vhursday in November
owing tothe difficulty experienced by the Arch
bishops, especiaily in the West, in leaving their
charges at this time of the year. Should the
daie be charged, that of the meeting of the
Board of Truster of the Cathollo University
will be changed to correspond

GTos, Oct 1!

  

ine ecclesiast!

Register To-day!
The registration places are open to-day from

7A M.to10ol M Register to-day and beat
the rv eord of 220,408 registered in New
York and Kings counties on the first day in
1s08

 

Brooklyn Advertisements,

No Man
Buys Clothes
for Fun—

Nor do we sell for fun.
But every Ready-to-Wear
Garment we sell sells
another and that’s a fitting
kind of fun.

Money back at once if
not perfectly suited. Just
try. Made-to-Measure too,
if you want them.

  
 

 

 

Brooklyn Advertisements, Hrooklun Advertisements,

ew

ABRADAM orp aus

Brooklyn, NY. AND

  

 

Finest Autumn Suits for Men
A Third Less Than Regular.

Made by Stein, Bloch & Co., the best commercial tailors in the world,

[here is some ready-made clothing that approximates tine custom tailor-
ing—has the inviduality that the good tatlor gives to the clothes he makes.
Stein, Bloch & Co, make that sort, and the best of: their recent making
is here, Single-breasfed sack Suits of fancy mixed cheviots or cassimeres
in the newest and most likable colorsand patterns, Suits perfectly tailored,
with the utmost of snap and stvle. Such Suits are usually costly. At
regular prices these should be $18.00 at least.

Choose at $11.95.

Just the weight and the wear for now. ‘

   

|

     
   
         
         
 
      

Second floor, New BKullding

Men’s Coats to Order.

Made by the exclusive tailor such Oversacks would cost at least a
third more. There are fourteen stvles of this season’s choicest woolens,
coverts, whipcords, oxfords and blacks. They will be made to your order
and to suit your individuality--made with all the snap and stvle that first
class Overcoats should have. The lined throughout with first
class silk Cost will be

      
     
  
       
      
   

will be

     

too

   

$25 a Coat.

Or you may go to the exclusive tailor and pay a third more,
Secoud floor, New Building

i Qhettiss Sea

‘An Unusual Offering in Kid Gloves.
3,000 Pairs of Ladies’

Imported Kid Gloves,

Damaged on voyage. Choice of any,

25 C. Per Pair.

Sold as are.

Specially arranged center bargain
table. Sale begins at 8 o'clock Fri-
day morning, Oct. 12.

            

 

 

It Is Right.

 

If you want a Fall Overcoat, as every man does about now, the
particular reason for getting it here is that it will be RIGHT.

It will be right in fit, linings and tinish, as well as in price.

It will be as good a coat as can be made for the money; and that
means a good investment, and not a ‘wild cat” speculation,

Prices, $10.00 to $25.00.

ROWNING-KING & (©

 

Fulton St., cor. DeKalb Ave., Brooklyn.
CALEB V. SMITH, Manager.

 

 

Men’s Shoes——Fall Styles.

For many vears the French, Shriner & Urner stamp

on a shoe has been known and accepted by gentlemen

as a guarantee of superiority—in style, in leather, in

workmanship. We mean it shall always be so.
We mean, moreover, that this certainty shall not
cost a penny extra; our prices never have been
and never shall be higher than you are usu-
ally asked to pay for doubtful shoes — or for
shoes made by unknown or undependable makers.

COUSINS & URNER, French, Shriner & Urner,

606 Falton Street, Brooklyn. 467 Fulton Strert, Br oklye.
Agenctes Throughont the United § ates

 

POUTSEY STILE DELIRIOTS. TITHE ANIANS DENOUNCE THINGS.

!
| The Striking Miners Who Are Delegates Ap-
| porentiy tafluence the Convent oa,

|

Declares That There is No Blood on His Hands
Says Nothing Else,

 

 

 

Gronortows, Ky , On 11 ~ Henry Youtses hia7zappin, NO, Oot ott Phe fifteenth an
is tossing on acol inthe sury Poor title Georg | Ma CONN hoe e | we an General
town Court House, while at interyals he Alliuitu | eal Slate Wii rened here
up his hands and exclaim- | on Tuesday concluded ‘ on this evening

“There is no blood on tay hands Jat thea AR Ha Some of the delegates

These are the only words he ba ered ‘ tt ' ajo et inthracile
since Tuesday night His eves remain closed 7 Feel Ventisy a There Wan @ dis

s \ 4 } Citmeien ! ipre b's { resolution
and partly eros A physician apporiled | geri “ te hat the Coal
by the Judge examined Voutsey this morning Trust ent ed Meals & we had the
and upon his report the Judge aonsente 1 oryyiriet feria « Shenandoah, te
| again postpone the trial for another day. t precipeta vd on tess of ite
ordered Voutses removed fro he ‘ail hie The Sher s i> denounced
jury ree Tf the prisoner gains selfconty for eved nt is ameines'
hy to-morrow or neat das the trial « ‘ it emiat Vive ‘ st am@ane! the
tinue, but ff he remains in the stupor until p senda roy eid L went@ns
Monday a. postponement tll February « sled sumer eof 1 dofea!t Shariff
likely result, as there would net be time t i eand ¢ e ' futnre
eonelide the testimeon eevervihing in thew power
Public opinion «til seems about equally we of Ururle al @e a

 

divided as to whether Jouteéy is shamnung

Senet

—

o>.

es,

i
ee

ae

ea aS