“

 

 

The eS Sum,

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid

DAILY, per Month go no
DAILY, per Year e000
SUNDAY, per Year 200
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year 00

70

DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month.

Postage to foretgn countries added

Jue SUS New York City

Kiosque Ne 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Boulevard des Capucines

PARIS
Kiosque No 10

frfends who faror ut with manuscripts for

If our
o have rejected articles returned, they

publication with ¢
must in aii cases send seamps for that purpose

Registration To-day.

To-day is the first day of registration
‘fhe places of registry will be open from
7 In the morning until 10 in the evening
have ample
More-

Citizens, therefore, will
time in which to perforin the duty
over, the registering places are close at
hand and the process by which alone they
can qualify for voting at the election {s
completed in a few minutes,

In Chicago, on the first day of regtstra-
tion, the total registered fell only @ Little
behind the unprecedented number brought
out io the exciting campaign of 1806; and
it was so great that Illinois is now assured
to McKINuey, in the Judgment of expe-
rienced political observers of both partics.

4 similar result will be Indicated
by a wreat registration in New York to-day,
and not merely for the State, but possibly

for the city also, Tammany’'s boasts of a

big majority for Bryan tn the city could

have no other justification than that which |

would be afforded by a small registration, in

which would be included, as alwaye hap-

pens, every ‘Tammany voter

With such a registration as that of 1896,
BRYAN cannot hope for more than a trifling
majority in the city of New York, if he
wets any at all He ought to be beaten in
this commercial and financial capital and
beaten

a cainst nim is polled

he will be if every vote naturally

(his being the fact, it is enough for us

to repeat that from 7 in the morning until
1 in the evening the places of registration

will be open to-day, To-morrow, Satur-

day, will be the seoond day of registration,
but, of course, no prudent man, able to dis-
charwe the duty at once will put it off even

au single day

Results of the British Elections

According to the returns received up to
midnight on Wednesday, Oct. 10, the Union-
ists had carried 856 seats, the Opposition,
208, thus far, then, the Ministerial majority
is 151. As in the 109 seats remaining the
Unionists are more likely to encounter a
net loss than a net gain, they can no longer
expect to increase the majority of 152 which
they secured in July, 1895

It follows that Lord Sauisnury has
failed to obtain what, in his manifesto,
he asked the people to give him, namely,
a vote of confidence not merely unabated
but emphasized, Such a vote was needed,
he said, for the effect which it would pro-
duce upon the Boers of the Transvaal,
who have hoped to witnes@ in Great Britain
a political revolution which would restore
the Liberals to power. Of a revolution
there are certainly no signa, yet the Con-
servative Prime Minister cannot regard
with satisfaction the fact that he can do no
better now than he could five years ago, es-
pecially when he contemplates the extraor-
circumstances under which the
present appear to the constituencies was
made. It was made on an old register by
which scores of thousands of Liberal votes
disfranchised: {t wag made imme-
diately after Lord Roperts's proclamation
announcing the annexation of the Trans-

dinary

 

were

vaal; it was made, finally, at a time when
the Liberals were incomparably more
disunited than they were in 1895. That

under such conditions the Unionists were
linable to make considerable gains proves
that the British nation is by no means dis-
unqualified approval
upon the conduct of the war, or to give
the Government carte blanche in
the matter of aSouth Afriean programme
The construction of that programme
will tax all the statesmanship that the
Unionist leaders have at their command
The problem now presented for soiution
ia threefold, dealing, as it does, with three
elements of the South African population,
to wit: the Afrikanders of the Cape Colony,
the Boers of the Orange Free State and the
Boers of the Transvaal. It 9 already set-

posed to hestow

present

tled that the Afrikanders are not to be
exasperated by vindictive measures, but
eonciliated by lenient treatment; merely

the penalty of disfranchisement for a term
of vears is to be imposed upon those who

ean be proved to have rebelled against
British authority, and to have given aid
and comfort to the Boer republics. ‘There

that, if England's

le as quickly

think

to recone)

are those who
purpose be
sible the Afrikanders of the Cape Colony
to her

wisely

is pos-

she might
r

supremacy, have done
to show lenient
and treat the rebels with as much generosity
as she extibited toward Prench-Canadiana

more

still

|

 

| ritery t

some sixty years ago. We prestime, how-
ever, that no deep wounds will be inflicted
by temporary disfranchisement, and that |
the Cape Colonists of Hollander descent

will gradually recognize that the new order
of things is a finality, and that the dream
of an Afrikander (
Africa is over

The transformation of the former Orange

mfederaey in) South

Pree st ie’ n yal Iie isil
to en any
provided the burghers of that

Colony ought not
ounter insuperable difficulties,
Common
They

Engiand

tude toward Outlanders

wealth are treated with liberalit

had no quarred of their

neither had their att

OWh Will

 

 

 

 

been hostile or oppressive, It was a feel-
ing of race sympathy, and a chivalrous re.
solve met to Jeave their Kinsmen tiNstipe
ported that caused the Orange burghers to
tisk their national existence by taking the
field against the British fo ~ Such oon
clive feserves respect and forbearance,
and We take fer yranted
that the « alarge measure of
nutononmiy will be nin le much more speed

fo the Orange Kiver Colony than to
Transvaal It is the burghers out

the fast-named Commonwealth who will
Kive most trouble, not only “aise they
luve forfeited the independence which
—_ mensenasnnit anaes

 

.

   

they held dear, and suffered A grievous
waste of blood and property, but because
the native question, which for them is one
of exceptional gravity, ia certain to recelve
at Britixh hands a treatment which the |
Boera have deemed incompatible withthe
interests of white agriculturists It mist
be remerbered that in the Transvaal the
white farmers are vaatiy outnumbered by
the Kaffirs, and the former allege that,
in order to assure the safery of their wives
and children, they have been forced to
adopt a poliey of repression England |
on the hand, assented to
the London Convention atrietiv |
prohibited under the form of ap- {

{

|

other having
which
slavery
prenticeship, cannot tolerate in her Trans-
vaal Colony the denial of Jegal rights to |
the Kaffirs, and their practical enslavement
under labor contracts, or the distribution |
of native children among white employers
under the name of apprentices, We should
not be surprised if a considerable section
of the Transvaal Boers, when they find
that the Kaftirs are to be treated as their
equals before the jaw, should determine |
to seek a new home, either in German
territory or in the region which lies on |
northwest of the Zambesi
Now that the British elections are prac-
|

tieally over, we may assume that the South
African problem, in its threefold aspect,

will receive prompt attention

A Recantation.

The Philadelphia Times, the first Demo-
cratio newspaper in 1806 to deolare for
McKinuer, hoisted the Jolly Roger of
Bryanism two weeks ago. By tts edition
of Wednesday !t has evidently returned
to the support of the Republican policy
on what the Kansas City platform calls

the “paramount issue.”

But for Mr. DRYAS the treaty would have failed
fn the Senate Hut while he favored the treaty of
peace with Spain, which gave us the absolute sover

eignty of the Philippines, be was then, as he ts now,

nalterably imperialistic colonial
polley that has been vlolently adopted by the Admin-
He knew the value of the sovereignty of
t he demanded for them what |
he demands for his ow the right to govern
ind he ts entirely consistent In favoring
r Government and

opposed to the

istration
those possessions, |
n people
themaclees
expansion of the sovereignty of 0 |
at the same time earnestly opposed to all efforts of
peace or war to govern people against their will

Where the American flag has been planted by the

heroism of our army and navy and by the treaty
of peace with Spain, it must ever remain, but It
should not Moat as a armbol of oppression, Where
the flag goes the Constitution and laws of the tC nton
go with it

When the Bryanistic froth has been |

blown away from this the MeKinley policy |
is left clear and = solid) excepting as
to the idea that the Constitution follows
the flag. That question, as the Hon, Ben-
JAMIN HaRRIsON but yesterday in
urging McKInury's election, “is with the |
Supreme Court of the United States.’

The decisions of the Supreme Court here- |
tofore indicate overwhelmingly that the
Republican view will be conclusively
adopted; and then the agreement of our
eotemporary in Philadelphia with the Re-
publican programme of expansion will
necessarily be complete

said

Mr. Meiklejohn, Mr. Bryan and the

Sultan of Jolo,

The correepondence between Mr. MrikLF-
Joun, the Assistant Secretary of War, and
Mr. Bryan regarding slavery in the Sulu
Islands touches one of the most interesting
and at the same time what is apparently one
of the most difficult questions attending the
process of national expansion. That is to
say, Mr. Bryan has done his best to make it
seem a difficult question,

At Tipton in Indiana last week Mr. Bryan
Was reported as saying:

   

1

“We fought then (in the Civil War! for the adoption
of a Constitutional amendment that provided that
no man could own a slave, and yet before the Philip
pine war is ended we have the Sulu treaty, which
recognizes slavery

Thereupon Assistant Secretary MEIKLE-
JOHN wrote to Mr. Bryan calling his at-
tention to the fact that no “ Sulu treaty,”

recognizing slavery in those islands, is
in existence The reeord is perfec {ly
clear. When Gen. Bates, the military

representative of the United States Govern-
ment in the Sulus, made his agreement
of August 20, 1899, with the Sultan and the
chiefs, that ac-
approved by President,
with

several agreement
cepted and the
‘subject to the action of Congress "
this express and distinet reservation

was

$s not to be deemed in ur
nited States

this agreement
to authorize or give the consent
to the existence of n the Sulu archipelago,
a thine which ts made the ‘Thirter nth
Amendment to the Constitution ofthe t nlted States
Here Mr
portunity to
to the Republican
stitution does not

way

 

 

the
slavery

mpossible by

Bryan thought he saw an op-
propound a dilemma fatal
doct that the Con-
by ite own force extend
all its provisions to newly a quired ter
ther in hasty ignorance or with
the main fact,
that the |
extends to
MeWINnry
the Constitutional

ine

deliberate suppression of
that in admitting
Amendment

President

he assumed
Thirteenth
Sulu Islands
admitted that
respecting a uniform tari extends to Porto
Rico. Mr. Bryan jumped at the chance,
and indited at Kalamazoo a letter to Mr
MEIKLBIOUN in Which he said

the |
likewise |
provision |

Since the President sent thos

Republican party
4

nstructions, the

with the approval of the Adminis

tration, has adopted the theory that the Constitution
dues not follow the flag, and, therefore, the ‘Thirteenth
Amendment docs not interfcre with avery in the
Sulu archipelago

The Porto Rican law asserts the doctrine that

the people of Porto Rico ' evond the protection

of the Const!tution and can be governed by thea

trary and unrestrained power of the President and
Congress.

if the Constitution Iteelf cannot reach the West
Indies, hon in the Thirteenth Amendment tnt

way across the Pacite tuto Asia’ |
If Mr. Bryan had taken the
read the Thirteenth Amendment before taik- |
ing and writing about it, he would not have
have uttered this question so triumphantiy. |
He would have hesitated before assuming

trouble to |

| for instance,

that because the Constitution minkes jt
impossible for our Governinent to consent
to the existence of slavery in the Sulus, it
makes it impossible to enact a special taruy |
for Porto Rico |
This is the text of the Thirteenth Amer
ment to the United States Constitution

 

Nelther slater or '

servitude, except as a punistiiment for crime wherest |
the party shall have been d conticted, s vist
within the Lulted States, or alin place subject ‘
rr ied

SOTION ngress s have power to en |
force this art ) priate legislatio |

The clause whieh Mr Bryan has over
looked, ar pretends to overtook, we brave
italicized The notable thing abet it
that it occurs nowhere else in the Cons
tion, Tt extends in advance and specifi.
cally the prohibition of slavery not oniv

tothe States of the Union and the organized
lerritories of the United States, but also to
all places
of the United States

subject to the jurisdiction"
al tinmorgan

ernment tay

meant

 

 

rd territory which thia Gov

acquire, and dor which it may become |

lin introducing

‘in the advertising columns of that

THE SUN,

reaponsibie, It applies to just such un-
organized territory as the Sulu Islands,
‘nder the sovereignty and jurisdiction of
the United States. It waa that Conatitu-
tional prohibition which President McKIN-
Ley had in mind when he said that the
consent of the United States to the exist-
ence of slavery in the Sulu archipelago
was made impossible by the Thirteenth
Amendinent

Now, what ts the language of the Consti-
tion respecting the uniformity of taxation?
Mr. Bryan would have peopie suppose
that it reads

All duties, imposts and exedises shall be untform
throughout the United States and a}! places subject
t) thelr turiadiction.*

But thatisnotits language. The spectal
mention of territory outside the ‘ United
States but subject to their jurisdiction ts
not found here. It says only

All duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform
throughout the United States

That ia, throughout the States of the Union
and organized Territories over which the
Constitution has been extended or may
hereafter be extended by act of Congress.

hat is why the Thirteenth Amendment
happens to find ita way " across the Paciflo
into Asia,’ touse Mr. Bryan's phrase, while
other parts of the Constitution do not ex-
tend by thelr own force even eo far as
Porto Rico

Mr. MEIKLEJONN has rendered good pub-
lic service by drawing from Mr, Brraw a
letter which exhibits that candidate either
as a gross ignoramus or as a shallow
charlatan, Such ts the dilemma thrust
upon him,

 

‘*We Wish to Remain Free People.’

The manner in which the local Anti-Im-
perialist League has prosecuted its pre-
tended campaign against “ militarism and
monarchy,” under the grotesque motto of
‘We Wish to Remain Free People,” has
been such as to make its inherent ab-
surdity additionally ridiculous. The Anti-
Imperialist League has introduced two
notable features, one being the regular
attendance of a barytone singer at ita Bry-
anile meetings, and the other the reading
of the Fifteenth Amendment respecting
the abridgment of the right of the citizens
of the United States to vote regardiess of
“race, color or previous condition of ser-
vitude.”

rhe barytone eaings ~ America” and the
Fifteenth Amendment of the Constitution
{s read, and then anti-imperialist speakers
are heard, The meetings which they
address are not held in halls or ordinary
gathering places, but in beer shops or liquor
saloons, and the frugal as well as prudent
rule has been adopted of having the saloon

| proprietor or his barkeeper act as chair-

man, the attendance being chiefly supplied
hy the patrons of the place. Under such
conditions and at very small expense meet-
ing are held in various parts of the town, and
they are most numerous in those dis-
trieta in which available liquor saloons are
most numerouus

The most conspicuous, consistent and
energetic antl-imperialist in New York
in the details of organization has been the
Hon. Timotay DrYpOLLAR SULLIVAN, who
is now engrossed with his canvass for
reélection as Senator for the Eleventh
district

 

Increasing Unity Against Bryanism.

In these last weeks of the canvass there
appear increasingly from day to day the
same signs of unity among the opponenta
of Bryanism which presaged his defeat
four years ago

The public announcements by prominent
Democrats of New York and throughout
the Eastern States of their determination
to assist in the destruction of silverism and
repudiation are multiplying steadily; but
we find even more of them in newspapers
of the West. Besides the Gold Democrats
of 1808, very many Democrats and Republi-
cans who supported Bryan then are now
crowding newspaper columns with frank
declarations that they have been convinced
by the prosperous conditions following his

‘defeat that they acted unwisely and will

support Mr. MCKINLEY at this election,

That Gold Democrats shouid continue
thus their strenuous opposition to Bryan
is creditable to their general intelligence,
to their common sense, but it also indicates
particularly their sagacity as Democratio
partisans. They know very well that if
the Democratic party is ever again to be-
come a tolerable home for them or for any
political, conservatism {t must now be
cleansed of Bryanism once forall. It must
be warned, and with it all parties for all
time to come, that no party whose enginery
shall be used for an attack on the secu-
rity of property and {n an attempt tostirup
class prejudice and animosity can escape
the resentment of the American people,
without regard to partisan divisions. No
such issues are permissible in our polities;
and consequently Bryan's desperate policy
them into this canvass
arouses the whole patriotic and intelligent
sentiment of the es atgal united re-
sistance to the forbidden asdanit

At such a time the sane differences of
political theory and opinion which in the past
kept this country divided closely between
two parties are set aside, for the immediate
necessity is unity against political insanity
Jasiies have been introduced which sweep
away lines and marks of separation that
once were preserved by earnest partisan-
ship issues wholly outside of safe or toler-
able politics Touching them there is no
difference between Democrat or Republi-

can and party names lose their signifi-
cance

that is the explanation of this Demo-
eratic revolt against Bryanism in every

State of the Union. In this whole canvass,
there is no more earnest,
more relentless campaign than that which
is now conducted by the Honest Money
Democratic League of Maryland. The
Baltimore Sun, for one reason or another,

is as inconsistently as  unconvincingly
KuUpporting Bayan Accordingly — that
| Teague, including the best ability. and

intellyugence of Baltimore, has gone to the
expense of publishing regularly
trary and convincing facts and arguments
paper
These true and honest Democrats are
working for no other political gain than
the gain which would come to all Marvland
to every other State from the defeat
of Bayan and theelectionof Mro MCKINLEY

cone

It is a noble effort made with conspienous
ability

throughout the Union this) wise and
pulriotic activity on the part of intelligent
Democrats is new proceeding: and in
Indiana, notable always as a close State
politically, they are especially earnest
and powerful in it. Of the members of

the two Cabinets of Mr. CLEVELAND, twenty

| in all, only one, Mr. OLNPyY, has ventured to

me out openly for Bryan. The most dis-
tioroished of them, Mr. Cantisir, is at the
head of the Lawyers’ Sound Money League

12

-~

   

FRIDAY,

of New York, in which are ineluded the
ableat and moat prominent of the Demo-
cratic members of the New York bar. Mr
Epwanp M. Surrarp is to preside at a
Hryan demonatration when the silver cate
didate comee to New York, but he will be
Without countenance from the distinction
of the legal profession

In these closing days of
vass the campaign of 1806 ia repeated and
in some respects more impressively Re
publicans are stimulated to make them-
selves worthy of allies so noble lhe
ooly effectual way for all hands to prove
their zeal is for every man of them Co rege
ter and to vote

OCTOBER

the can-

‘The Selection of the Selectors,

The canvass of the ballots for admission
to the Hall of Fame is disclosing some
extraordinary things

What, for example, ia to be thought of
the literary discrimination of a President
of one of the foremost universities in the
land who withheld his vote from NATHANIFE,

HAWTHORNE while giving it to Noan Were |

STeR, the dictionary maker?

It is true that an ex-President of
United States took the same hebetudinous
view of the comparative merits of Haw-
THORNE and Noan Weasten. It is proba-
ble that the Hon. Grover CLEVELAND

feela & deeper sense of personal obligation |

to the lexioographer than to the ian of
imagination. But that circumstance does
not render less astonishing the vote of
President Artnur T. Hapurr of Yale.

Stil more surprising is the fact that
among the chosen arbiters of Fame there
should have bean two jurists, Chief Justice
BLooMFigLD of South Dakota and Chief
Justice Nicno.s of Louisiana, who refused
as a matter of principle to vote for
HAWTHORNE, EMERSON, InvinG, LoNa-
FELLOW or any other author, apparently
on the theory that no d—d literary feller
is entitled to grateful or severential remem-
brance.

Interest in the completion of the list by
the judges is temporarily obscured by
wonder as to the method pursued in select-
ing the judges themselves,

 

Not one of the calamity ptedictions made by
Brran four years ago has been fulfilled
Register and vote against their realization in
the four years to come, by voting against him

 

The bigh trad tions of the Wisconsin Schoolof
Female Poets, an insti‘ution somewhat in abey-
ance fora dozen years past, seem likely to be
revived by Miss Prart Richanns of Pack wau-
kee This young woman contributes to the
Evening Wieconain @ poem entitied ‘' The Man
Without the Hoe," her intention being, we sup-
pose, to show what genius can do in the way of
broidery upon a_ threadbare theme.
treatment of the subject ia certainly origina!
She does not pity ‘the ran who takes his hoe,
when first the sun with rose-tints paints the
East."’ She weeps rather for the man described
in the following stanra

"The man who chooses as his mate for life
W hose lips and bosom most bis passion stir,
Which being sated, and her beauty fed
He yokes tn with bis ox his wedded slave,
Will never know the bitter agony
Of him who in the maiden he esteemed
As bis aMnity In thought and hope—
His heart's ideal of the grand and pure--
Finds but too late the brillant, cultured brain
is Dut the gloss which bides a shrunken soul."

Mias Prant Ricwarps of Packwaukee ts
eighteen years old.

 

 

 

Have we forgotten ise8and the vears imme-
diately following? Those panica occurred
under asound money President. (an we even
{magine what must happen with Bryan, ALT-
OELD, Towne and TILLMAN in command?
Register and snow them under,

 

York is being organized by the natives or
former residents of that State, of whem there
are several thousand here, and the Nort! ( aro-
linians in New York, a materially smaller
colony, are organizing asimilar society. Both
are the outgrowth of the older New kng-
land and Southern societies and are to be, in
plan and purpose, similar to the Ohio Society,
organized in 1888 and designed not only to eul-
tivate social intercourse among its members,
but to promote their Interests. Any person is
eligible to membership who is over i8 years
of age and is a nativeor the son of a native
or has beenaresident of the State of Ohio for
a period of seven years. Maasachusetts men
are conspicuous in professional life in New
York, notably among lawyers, physicians and
public educators, and North Carolina men,
since the developmentof the means of trans-
portation In that State and the substitution of
manufacturing for agricultural {nteresta in
many sections of the Tar Heel State, are be-
coming numerous here too. There are already
here a number of county soc.eties, the
mnembership of which is restricted to natives or
former residents of New York counties-—notably
Oneida, Steuben, St. Lawrence, Dutchess and
Livingston.

One of Brran’s Own, the Kanaaa (ity Star,
says that the paramount issue ia not “mill-
tarian,"’ or
tion, but the “enormous accumulation of wealth
in the hands of the few."

It is more than amonth to election dav. As
none of the Democratic “paranounts’’ has
lived a month, the question is, what floal para-
mount will be devised wherewith to close the
campaign

When the Democratic party eone nuded that
its treacherous poley of Aguinaldism would
with special force to voters of German
descent, t offered to them an extreme
insult. We have seen no betier and more
patriotic rebuke of it than that found in
the Leavenworth T'nbune, the only German daily
paper in Kansas, and unti! recently a Democrat

On Oct, Othe Leavenworth [Tribune said

appeal

“ So faras (mperialism is concerned there is abso
lutely nothing In {t, for the simple reason that there
isno partyin the United States (hat
larger standing army than Is absoluleiy
for the maintenance of peace and order The German
Americans are ready and at all times have been
willing, odo their share as patriotic eltizens and to
fight as soldiers, bith as woluntesrs and reguiars In
every American war the tinken a
Prominent part in defending tue country, and maty
of the soldiersof the Twentieth Kansas Volunteera
were young German Americans, and hundreds of

¢ are in the Philippines today."
ven if honest money were not an issue, Deme-
ocraticoanti-imperialism should be enough to

guid® every aelf-r apeciing German Democrat
into the Republican ranks

audvocales 4
necessary

Germans have

u taborine men save auything from

(ul BRYAN

Doany of y
your earnings

 

Tike Gum Stor Bits, Col BRYAN looks upon
savings banks as treasure houses of the | lutoe |
crafts,

Lhere is beautiful uneion in these remarks |
made by the Paramount at Bast St) Lows

My dear (riends, there is nota piace it @ Haly
Scriptures where the Lomu commands us th Bo out
and conquer nations

Col. Bryans bas notread the Old Lestatnent

 

lately or he would not have forgotten that the

Chosen People were cons nt extn ioniets
and dida good deal of cong “ Hut what
has “conquering nation to do withthe eme?
The United States is simply
in the Philippines to subjection. This in
ing {ts right to its ow
—_——————

 

reductase the rebels

rinlaine

With Pleasere.
To THR Fnorron oF THR SUN~ Sir: App Kubb
of Lewisburg, watts outside, Do you want lim?
NORWICH, N. ¥., Oct 10 POL CAKNUTE

|
| the protests made by some of the people of that
|
|

|} ern people?’

|
|
| Therieht of a colored man to hold office tn

Her | George

|
sought to popularize their party and themselves

| wae Henrys Mo Turner of Ribb county
|

!
| and Callecta® af agen
The Massacliusetts Club of the State of New le a oF of Peterna: Herrant nite

‘imperialism,’ or the money ques- |

|
'
; treat
|

lr ‘asons @entiemen like Col

|
Rirvus B
ATLANTA, Gia, Oot. &
|
|
!
|
'
|

eS : . —_

. 1900.

THE ENLIGHTENED SENTIMENT OF
QRORQGIA.

   
 

 

A Striking Letter from Ex-Governer Ballock
of That State,

To The Eorron of THe Sus--Sire Tha com-
| trounication of Col Alexander R. Lawton of
' Bavann th, editor al comment
' thereon, has attracted wide attention and re-
publication in the press of our State

For Col Lawton | have great esteem, bothon |
necount of hia own hieb character ond marked

with) sour

ebilitw and because of my regard for bits dis-
tinvuehed father, now dead, who was my the
mediate superior ¢Mleer in the Confedera @
service No purer eit zen or braver soldier

than Gen AR Lawton ever lived

Col Lawton gives five conec'nalve reasons why
heand other patriotie organs will vote for
the reelection of Prasident McKinley. In his
sixth he cays “Weare hepeful that Mr Me-
Kinley haeseon hs formererrora and will treat
Southern people fairivy and broatiy, acd
from hurmitiating them.’

The toxt of Coa. 1 communication
tinkes it plain thatin his opinion the Presi-
dent's appointment of eolored mento Federal
(Mees in tha State constitutes the ‘forme:
error’ and thata repetition of such appoint-
ment will “huridiate’ us Now, Lam prepared
to maintain thatin the President's appotnt-
mnents for Georga he has treated our people
“fairly and breadiy.” Ina politieal sense all |
Amerean citizens resident in Georgia are “our |
people,” andto permit prefudiesof race oreolor
to co) trol appolntinents would render the Pres- |
ident’s action manifestly unfair and narrow

Tt ia within me personal knowledge that the
desire, as to home affairs, nearast the Preasi-
dent's heart ia the unification of the people in
the sections that were at war with each other.
It must be admitted that his oficlul appoint-
mente wenerally have given the highest evidence
of this desireon his part. Consider Lee and
Wheeler and other Confederate leaders now
holding his commission. Remember the hosts of
our Southern sons, Col. i Aawton among them, re-
ceived into the armies of the United States. All
the offleers of the recent census In Georgia were
appointed byw the President on tie recommon-
dation of our Congressmen, all of whom ara,
Democrats. How cou'da Republican be more
liberal than Pres dent McKinlew?

The member for Georgia of the National Re-
publican Committee selected in 1806 was Judson
W Lyons of Augusta. He ia a worthy, edu-
vated colored man, rateed In that elty, and a
lawyer bo profession, He is respected by the
members of the bar and by hie fellow-cit zens,
No word |} as ever heen sald ngainat his charac-
ability

 

eur
care’ ly refrau

imaton's

Ife was recommended by his |
for Postmaster at Augusta

fer or
party organization
He was able to give the bond and competent to

perform the duties of thatoffiee; but, owing to |

citv on the eolor line, the President appointed

Lrona to the higher office of Register of the |
Treasury at Washington. The Prestdent re-
fused to d sbar Twona because of hia color, but
avoided the excitemant which his appointment
Tid this

at Augusta might have engendered
action of the President “humiliate our South-

fs not a new question with us. The
Legislature of 1868, during mv Administration, |
by the solid vote of the reactionista-—the Demo-
crats—aasisted by a few Republicans who

 

by vielding to the color preiucice, decided that
anecrohadnoright to hold offlos In Georgia
and expelled a few eolored members, save one
who had more than three-quarters white blood.
He wasaocialiy a negro and had beena slave
Tieae expelled colored members were subse-
quentivy reseated, and eolored members have |
occupled seats In neerly every Georgia Lecia-
lature since, Two counties are now represented
by negroes who were chosen to the Legislature
at the cenora! State eleotion held on the 4d inst.
It is an interesting fact that among the negro
mambers exnelléd from the Legislature in 1868
Fle ts
now Rishop Turner of the African Church and |

}
an ardent supporter of Mr. Brean because, as |
the Bishop alleges, President McKinley has |
fenored the negro

The appotntmenta which Col, Lawton con-
demnaare Collector of Customs at Savannah |
Those
apnointees are educated men of excellent per- |
conal character whoee reputation {nour citles,
where their lives have been apent, fa not as-
catled The performance by them of thelr oM- |
ec al duties is recogenizedly equal to that of any
of their predecessors in the same places. Thev |
were recniariv recommended to the President
by the Republican party organization. Their
fitness and capacity were fully certified to, and
the on'y reason for the President to refuses the
appointment wou'd be the unfair and narrow
one of color prejudice

T fully realize In my own feelings the strong
and controlling force of that prejudice, but {t 19 |
one of the higher evidences of our own eman- |
etpation when we con lift ourselwae above ft, |
and complving with our Confederate parole |
“ohey the laws In force where we reside.”

Col. Lawton very truly saye he has never |
found any Southerner who was afraid of |
“social equality’ with negroes No man who
ever bore the patriarchal relation of ma-ter to |
slave hac been disturbed by that whimaev: and |
there fa not the remotest danger of negro doml-
nation inthis State. In our last Tegis'ature, |
praciica'ly a sold Democratic body, only three
votas could be obtained to make the expert. |
ment of neero disfronchisement under the
South Carolina plan, So the bugaboo of negro
domination is exploded |

flow unfair, then, it {s to demand of a Repub-
lienn Preetdent that he shall refuse to aprointa
colored men to office in Georgia? How aillv {tia
toere danger to white supremacy because of |
ich anpointments If a public servant is
worthy and competent, where can we fied
danger to ourrace from the enlorof his skin? |
Wherein are we whom he serves “humil ated?”

When DPre-'dent MeRinleg is reflected can he
our peonle more ‘falriv and broadiy"
than hehas done? Theartily commend and am
prepared to defend the President's appoint-
ment of colorel mon to these Important offices
tn thi- State It gives evidence that this Re-
publican Adm the courage of its
convictions, and will consider recommendations
for appoin'ment upon the facts and no! upon

stration has

race prejudice
Tt eatixfies the Just aenirations of colored men

| of education and aatablished cood reputation in

v have been raleed
e'tivena, ard itp

the eommunities where the
to be recognized as American

additioa has made of them more controlling
and more conservative leaders of their racein
part rganization To the whe counsel of this
) elas. of colored citizens it is due that no effort
{s made to contro! our local affairs in the e'ec-
tions. and that those of their race who have

qualifed as votors generally cvst their hallots
for the cancidates selected by the white prima- |
nd local oMces, Forthe same
Lawton now have
prosented for their votes Flectora for MeoKinley
ind Reosevelt who are whiie men of the very
highest « acter and nos tion in our State, men |
who are superoer to the present or any set of
Tjector. ever named in Georgia

ind local we «hall
ye intereeta are pro-

rieafor State

 

Demoerati

State elections

In ove

coptinue to see that our }

tested and preserved On national jacues we }
wil divide according to our individual jude- |
mentofour material intereats, independent of

wnoentscntime ter present prejudice. Thists |
shown iy the case ef Col. Lawton and thousands |
of other nateotic Georgians who are beeoming |

 

ntrol of

 

 

d fromthe oe sentimer
elivsteraof negro domina ion

Bi bnock

Willing to Trast the United Statee
A Cuban inthe Forum
rhe vere Sagactous methodsemployed by the United
States {an moulding the States and Territories are not
vel dead or exbausted: and tf such are not found
suitable tothe necessities of Cuba, Porto Rico and
the Philippines, the polltieal acumen of the legislators
mn will surely discover a mode of tran:
sevirg all that merits salvation, will

at Washing!

ition whieh
| gite satiefaction toall interests, whatsoever may Be!
| their origin or value
s ——_

At present most stores pre

plain and ladvlike in their appearance and
who make no pretensions to beauty. In the
offices the tooling is still more pronounced,
and many profeasional men will not engage
an amanuensia untess whe ie downright ugly,
and the older the better let me give vou
a little illuetratton: T have a younger sister
| who--if I do sav it who shouldn't-4da a rea
beauty. Some time ago she learned that
the Prealdent of a big Alab 4 corporation

| mean

   
 

 

DEAUTY

IN BUSINESS GIRL!

How Good Looks May Be a Handicap: One
Caso in Which te Waan't.
From the New Times-Democrat
“You ask whether good looks are a disad-
vantage to a girl in business,” said a comely
young woman who now oecuples an important

 

 

Orieana

position in a New Orleans merearntile @atal-
' lishment ‘That is a question that has been
propounced before, and in a general way {
would answer ves, ceeloe ds 4 few years
Ago, however, when women began to enter
business life in consi Jerable nunibers, the ex
act reverse was the case fam still uncer
thirty, but f remember distinetly when It was
next to impossible for a homely girl to get

a Stuation. Good looks were insisted pen
in typewriters and stenographers, and mer-
chant« were then uncer the imoression that
pretty clarks brought trace {t took some

tine to explode that t ea

he pretty clerks certainly attracted crowds
to thelr counters, but they were crowds wv
du‘es and loafers, who would buy a five-cent

paper of ping and Chen flirt away three or flour
doliars' worth of time, while the wormen,
| who constitute four-fifths of the patrons
of all retail houses. hag a stfong aver
sion to being waited ipon by a
professed beauty, Moreover, ne cependence
was to be placed in the clerks themselves

 

The handsomest girls were pretty sure to he
vain and ‘touchy,’ and when one proved really
Valuable she was morally certain to get married
at the Very time her services were most needed.
So practical men began to see that pretty airs
did Not pay as a cold business proposition,
and the aame discovery was presently mace
at the offices, Typewriting belles tna oe more
trouble than they were worth, They demoral-
ize i their fallow employees ani create! no end
of jaalouay and bitterness and friction, In
many cases, berhaps in tnoss cases, the poor
ir] wasn't in tie least toblame, She couldn ¢
telp being good to look at, and was probably
trylng her best to attend to her own affairs,
but the idlotic men wouldn't let her. How-
ever, results are the only things that count in
business nowadays, and afew years aco @ big
reaction agalt st beauty set in,

“Since then,” the young woman went, on,
amiling, “I ain sure that tho feeling has been

owing steadily stronger and stronger againat
the pretty girl in business. But please dont
misunderstand maT am referring altogether
to the girl who ‘travela on her prettiness,
ns the saving goes. A pretty girl who doesnt
make her good looks obtrusive and who shows
by her bearing that she expects to hold her
position by simple hard work ust as good
a chance as anybody but, unfe tely,
such @ rls are rare \ very attractive young
woman gets 60 much attention and flattery
that ahe has to be exceptionally sensible anc
stron@-minded not to have her head turned.
er clerks who are

 

 

    
  

4

 

 

 

 

 

wanted A private secresary, and, being highly
competent, she wrote, applying for the place
He anawered, requesting her photograph,
and we both got angry at once. My slater
happened to have an old tintype that, somehow
or other, made her look like a perfect. freak,
and, as a renroof to the gentlernan’s frivolity
she sent that to him by return mail

“You may imagine our surprise when he @n-
gaged her by telegraph As it turned ot,
he didn't want a pretty girl, but an ualy one,
and when she put in an appearance he eame
near backing out of hia agreement At last
he told her, very grufiv, that she might try
for @ month, and. as she happens to havea lot
of common sense, she is given creat satis-
faction. But that case will show you how
men of affairs feal on the sublet

“There is a big store in Chicago that employs
about two hundred and fifty girl clarks and
used to boast openly that there wasn't one In
the lot that wasnt an admitted beauty
was in Chicago diring ny vacation and visited
that establishent to make some purchases
Upon my eord, I thought Twa in an old ladies’
home. “The woman who waited on me was 50
if she was a day, and she had a face like 4 pair
of nut crackers, Of course that was going to
the other extreme, but T netived that business
Was something tremendous flere in New
Orleans TI think they have struck the happy
Our large stores contain lotsa of pretty

} girls, but the fact isn't ‘featured,’ as they say
You can see at ones that no
i

at the theatres
importance is atta ito it, and that b
me back. by the way, to the sterting
If a girl is thoroughly capable and has plenty
of tact and discretion, her good looks will be
no especial handicap in earning A living
Otherwise she is nowadays ata decided disad-
vantage, compared to the girl who is homely
and industrious.”

CONGRESS

No Compromise With Kepadiation—Vote for
Voters for an Honest Money Speaker.

To THR Epirron OF THE SUN—Str: How do

 
   

 

 

the men who are running as Gold Democrats stand as |

regards their party platform upon Bryauism’s vicious
features other than repudiation?

Don't scuttle the Ship of State by voting to elect a
man because he agrees to one item of your convic

tlona Fr. G, BURGESS
BROOKLYN, Ort. 11.

Let Drammers Note the Registration Days,

To THE EnprToR OF THe SUN—Str' After read
in@ your editorial of this morning in regard to the
Orst day of registration, would it be too much to ask
you to publish all dates of registration? There are
large numbers of New York travelling men who make
{ta point to return to New York to cast their vote on
election day, only to find that they have come too late
and missed the last day of registration. If these dates
were to be published daily fromnow until the time of
registration expires, it would seem that it would add
many votes for the Republican cause, as the great
majority of travelling men will rote the Republican
tleket and every effort should be made to bring out
these votes and not to lose them because, through
oversight, the voters have not registered. H.W. PF.

PHILADBLPHIA, Ock ly

The Agent of Sedition.

To THR Fprror or THE SUN Sir:—Is it
pose!ble that the laws of our country permit this man
Bryan to go about arraying ciass agatr st class, and
{intentionally deceiving the masses for the sole pur-
pose of getting their votes, and for Kis personal age
gtanudizement? Why, I ask, should not this man be
arrested for disturbing the peace, and at this time
when the OHnancial He and moral standing of our
nation hang trembling tu the balance? PORREY,

Boston, Oct, 10

Mr. Yerkes of Kentacky.
nivor OF ‘THE SUN Sir: I
in this morning's Suw the dirty and most un
called for, and | may add the most contemptible
slur of Senator Blackburn of
friend, John W. Yerkes, Repu
Governor of Kentucky, and inas
is not so weil Known herein the
natier State, | wish t
Twas born raised in Danville. Ky
Mr. Yerkes, and we have known ¢

note

To vik |

Kentucky, upon my
lican candidate for
echas Mr. Yerkes
Kast as he isin his
Say afew words io his defence
and

as was
intimately

ch othe

 

 

since childhood, went to schoo! together, played to
gether, and today we are fast {riends, aswe always
have been and i wis) tosay that there ts not the
vhole State of Kentucky a Aner ™m He is the
son of an iliustel us Pres an minister radu
ate of Centre College as ts also Seoator blnekburr

and the valedictorian of his class. a lawyer.a went

man and a scholar
Mr. Yerkes is toomuch of a gentleman toast

 

 

anything thaesavors ¢ dis esty. etherin pol
or business, and « this ace nto commat
large roportign of the respecta > morratic vote
of tne State, because the refined + hown
thetr detestation of G ebelism by t ele of Tay

 

' jort e last State election
I presume the old Saying that “Whom the Gods
would destroy they first make mad {1 Kood'n

he se

Senator Blackburn's case able defeat
'

for Bryanism in Kentucky tt Hand he is mad
Lhavea recent letter from Ve Yerkes. in whien bh
{

        

says Kentucky can be count mn the McKinley
column this fal

The treatment of Gov, Taslor bas made the m
tain men solld for MeKinle and kes ane .
disfranchisement of the negro in | South gives

Alevery
'

assuranar colored mah v

and voter

li be at the polls

 

I wish to add one toing in honoréft the colored men
of Kentueky They are true to the Kepublican party
and itts arare thing for one of them to sell nis wot

 

l bave seen them ash g fot money io buy bread. but
money could not buy clr Vote,
66 BROADWAY, New York PHOMAS J, Firy,

Bryan's Creed--Negro and Filipino,

Noman, by law ould be restrained
Uiless consent Das first been pained
Phis partisan expedient

Was never sent ly meant

fo be app led where tovers vote
Hutta the Philippines ren
Turre should not be the least restraint,
Save where (t alds our party nt
Here in the States we may restrain
W here tt ts done for party gain
Hut Aguinaido'’s band, hell beat
Toshoot our boy® must have consent
Should these mad bandits be restrained
Would any party end be gained’
If every Filipino man
Threatened to rote Republican
It then worth while would surely
To take away their liberty
Consent, we ery. at any price
Save where restraint cuts party tce
J.M BisHup,

 

 

 

  
    

 

ILLINOIS'S VANISHED CAPITAL,

Che Historic Town of Kaskaskia Eatirely
Swept Away by the Mississippl.
From the Chicago Inter Occan

One luindred years before [linots became a
a'Territory and 111 years before tt became a
Stute thera was a town at Kaskaskia. Filiv
veurs before there was a white settlement it
St Louis or any military post at Pittabure, and
ninetveaix veara before the foundations were
laid for Fort Dearborn at Chicago, Kaskaski.
wasa thriving village,

As early as 1710 there were in the town threo
milla for grinding corn, As early as 1768 the
town contained sixty-five families of whites
In 1771, five years before the Revolutionary
War, it contained eighty houses and bad & fm,
‘lation of 600 whites and 600 negroes. In 1809
it was made the capital of Illinois Territory, It
was the erpital of the State from 1818 until 182
and was the seat of Randolph county until 1847

The firat brick house built weat of Pittabure
Was constructed in Kaskaskia For over half a
century Kaskaskia was the metropolis of the
Upper Mississippi Valley and was the focus of
commerce in the Northwest territory

On Thursday the last vestice of this historic
eattlament was swept away by the Misalsaipp!
River. ‘The work of destruction that began
with the great flood of 1844 was completed, and
the home of the early Tilinots Governors—the
first State capital —ceased to exist, Its destruo-
tion was complete Not a stone was left to
mark the place

Chieago, that waa built im a swamp, is the
second oity in America, New Orleana, located
in what was believed an unsafe and unhealthy
district, {s the commercial metropolis of the
Southwest. But Kaskaskia, which was 6e
on a spot chosen from the boundless variety of
the virgin West, is merely a memory.

COLLECTING FOR BIBLE SOCIETY.

 

 

Local Agencies May Sollolt in Their Districts,
National Soclety Everywhere.

The action taken on Wednesday by the Amert~-
jean Bible Soctety as to the collection of funds
was not exactly stated by the informant of
Tre SUN, who refused to make himself known,
Representatives of the society held ap ime
portant conference at the Bible house at which
this resolution waa adopted: That local agen-
cles have the right to solictt for the support
of the society in their proper districta, and the
National Society. everywhere

It was resolved to have special communities
supplied with the Seriptures by local organi-
gations and to reduce the number of the de-
positories, having them only where local agen-
cles deer it necessary. It was further resolved
that the auxiliary societies should try to per-
suade all churches to devote one Bungay during
the vear to the presentation of the Bible cause;
alse that the foreign mission work of the Amer-
joan Bible Society {s a #reat aid to churches in
the spread of the Gospel and that this feature
of the work should be presented by the local
societies in all churches

 

Why He Would Not Do.

The carefully reared young man had left bis
native village and gone to the city to find a ait-
nationandacareer. His acquaintance wasemal!,
and because of that he simply went about from
place to place seeking whatever Fate might
throw in his way. He wanted to get foto a
wholesale grocery house, and of course he only
visited houses in that line. He was almost rude
ly turned away from the first three or four
places, but he finally found one where the pro-
prietor himself recetved him with courtesy. Ho
atated hia case briefly and clearly, as he had
read in a guide-book to young men etarting out
in life, and the merehant looked him over.

“Tin, he said, thoughtfully, “you bave had
no experience in this business?”

“No, air,’ responded the applicant, “but I
want to learn ft.’

Vos, Laee, Do you chew tobacco?”

“io, at.

“To you smoke?”

** No, air.”

“Do you play poker?’

**No, air.
* Do you bet on the races?”
“Noo sip.”

“Do you drink?”

“No, sip.”

“Do you run around at night?”

No gir”

“Uni—er,” hesitated the merchant,’ and you
have had no experience in this business,”
“No air, but, as I said, 1 want very much to
earn it.’’

“I'm sorry,’ said the merchant, shaking his
head, “but I'm afraid you wont do, see,
your early eduevtion has been neglected,and rou

are handicapped now with so much to learn that
the Lord only knows when the business would
haveachance. Stayin towna year, and (hen
come in and see me. Good morning.”

 

Dorsey's Qaeer Time With Lightning. ‘
From the Minneapolis Tribune.

Joseph Dorsey, a young man living at Ma-
dina village, went through rather an unnsual
experience last Saturday morning during a
thunderstorm Dorsey was plarine with a
Jarwe St. Bernard dog !n the barnyard of his

| hore when the storm came up.

(
|

There was considerable thunder and light-
ning, but as it did not begin to rain Dorsey
continued his nlav with the dow. The dog had
run around behind him and the boy was abouts
to turn, when a bolt of ightning struck him
Tt seemed to «trike on the left side of his neck

 

and run down, burning the skin In several
places and completely destroying his under-
clothing. Tt ran down his left side to the foot,

eaving {1s marks, and apparently, jumping
from the foot «truck the dog and killed him.

One of the men about the place came ont
of the door to sneak to Dorsey, but he got no
answer He went un closer and saw the voung
mon standing in a slightly bended posture with
a sinile on his faee, but investigationsshowed
that he had lost consciousness completely,

He was carried into the house and Dr. &
H. Kimball was called, and after dressing the
burns and making him easy he left. The doo-
tor was of the opinion that the man would he
lnid up for two or three weeks at least by reason
of the shock, but to every one's surprise n-
d saw Dorsey up_and around, appar y
none the worse for hia adventure

The case {sa puzzle to the phveiclans, who
do not understand hie rapid recovery. Dr.
Kimball, who attended him, had tin dow
to his ofee vesterday and a number of phyef-
clans were present to study the eaae,

 

 

Silver Coinage, Limited and Free,
Eprr@r or THE SuN—Sir: Some
nights agot heard an orator at Camp McKinley,
Seventh avenue and 125th street, assert thata silver
dollar would be redeemed upon presentation at the
sub Treasury tn gold. and tf any numberof them
were offered go'd could be obtained in exchange.
Now. If this statement ts correct, wherein Hes the
greaidanger from the silver dollar? If the present
Administration looks the sliver dollar asan
ecu valentfor gold why do the campaign speakers
pleture in such sombre colors the evils that are ta
sping from that source? WILLIAM A. ILAMMOND,
340 MANHATTAN AV, Oct, 10

TO THR

ipon

The camp McKinley orator was technically ineorreet.
‘The United States will not pay gold for a silver dol-
lar Hut under the inw, the silver dollar is as goodas
gold, for the reason that it is @ legal tenderin pay-
ment of debts to the Government and people

Our correspondent asks what's the great danger in
the silver dollar,

‘Th re is no danger in the silver dollar as coinage ie
to-day, fur the reason that thelr number ts limited.
The danger Is {a Bryan, who would make silver
colnage free,

Wite the Limit to the eolnage of silver withdrawn,
the gold standard would disappear, and the fictitious
Falue now possessed by the silver dollar, as It is pos-
sessed by the greenbacks, would disappear and {¢
would have only its value as bullion. This would
estoblish the silver standard, In that case all debts
would be payable in dollars which have not for prac-
tieable purposes tie valve of gold dollars, but have
the value of their weight in silver only.

that would be repudiation, and it would create @
Hnanectal upheaval of immeasurable disaster, No
Lone st man who is wise will touch “

Uryeo the Rioter.
wk LDITOR OF ‘THR SUN-Sir; As @
ition to your anthology of 1896 Bryanisms, [
would offer the followlo’ eharacteristic utterance of
tils shallow, lasincere and demagogic apostle of
SUiftlessness. Who seeks to reverse the course of na
ture and give to the idle. the heediess and the vicious
the rewards of Industry, patience and thrift This
ext is made from a speech of Bryan'sat Erie, Pa .
1806, in which be addressed the Striking
en of that clty
Do not let the Republicans bevulle you about the
future ‘The future ts written in blood, crushed out of
you. Itis not for amusement that we are engaged in
thiscontest, Itisfor you. Itis golng to be war, and
\! we lose this time we are going to keep up the war
ufllwewin. But, my friends, we will not have ta

epituplong. Agitation of this question causes
trouble, and trouble causes agitation. People do no@

>

 

ry

    
  

Get excited for nothing." JOMN FONLEY.
NEW YORK, Oct 10,
+ ng at, <i eathle 6 oe

Ginette a ind at eee Sd

Snes Maatliandilienendtalill

_