courses. Next S
tells ato

 

eS

VOL. LXXXIL—NO. 34

1 TEUTONS CLOSE |5

TO RUSSIANS?
MAIN RAILWAY

 

Take Junction Southeast of
Ostrow, Near Warsaw-
Petrograd Line,

 

RUSSIAN ARMIES
ELUDE THE TRAP

 

Vou Hindenburg in Lead in
North—Fleet to Aid in
Attack on Riga.

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tuk Sux,

Loxpon, Aug. 11.—The German forces
on the eastern front continue to make
advances to the east of Warsaw, but
there are no indications that they have
yet succeeded in their object of cutting
off any large bodies of Russtan troops,

Announcement in the German official
statement that they had taken the rail-
way junction to the southwest of Ostrow
Was acceped Ly some to mean they had

cut the Warsaw-Petrograd railway, but!

it was not so definitely stated. The rail-
road, which goes through Ostrow, has a

junction with a small railroad southeast |

of the town before it reaches the main
line

The German movement in Kovno and
Courland ¢ontinues to develop, and it is
siznificantly stated in the Berlin state-
ment that Field Marshal von Hindenburg

is in command of the “army group.”
Undoubtedly this group is cooperating
wth the German battle fleet of the
Baltic, and it may delay taking Riga

unt! a decisive engagement is fought on
wart The official German statement
Ba) -

Berlin Claims New Gains.

The army group under Field Mar-
shal von Hindenburg easily repulsed
strong advances made by the Russians
during the last few days along the
Riga-Mitua road. North of the Nie-
men there are no changes. An attack
by strong Russian forces from Kovno
failed. The number of Russians taken
prisoners there since August 8 has
been increased to 2,116 and of ma-
chine guns to 16,

ast of Lomza our troops are ad-
vancing in the direction of the Bobr-
Narew line. The enemy still holds the
Yridgehead at Wiania. South of Lomza
the entire Russian line is retreating.
The strongly fortified sections of the
Caerwony-Brok position could not be
hid by the enemy. Our pursuing
troops crossed the Caerwony-Brok po-
sition and are advancing-to the east
thereof, The railway junction south-
@axt of Ostrow was captured.

Kast of Novo Georgievsk, the fortress
of Benjaminow, which was evacuated
by the enenw, was occupied. Bombs
were dropped by our airships on the
dortres of Novo Georgievsk and
Brest-Litovsk *
army group of Prince Leopold
ef Savaria, during a sharp pursuit on
the left wing of the allied troops,
Teached the region of Kalusgyn, On
the right wing the army of Gen. von
Worysch took by storm early this
morning rear guard positions on both
@ides of the Dianka, west of Lukow.
More than 1,000 prisoners were taken,

The army group of Field Marshal
Yon Mackensen is engaged in making
Attacks on enemy positions behind the
actors of Bystrea, southwest of Rad-

 
   

 

es

 

 

ryn. Tismenitza, west of Parczew, and
on the Ostrow-Uehruck line, On the
Upper Bug and the Zlota Lipa the situ-
Qtion is unchanged.

The presence of Von Hindenburg in
Courtland naturally gives rise to a re-
port that the German plan includes an
advance upon Petrograd itself. Military

observers answer to this that Riga would

never become the base of such an oper-
fton. Overland it is 330 miles to the
Russian capital, while if the Russian
fleet was wiped out there would be
many ports at which troops could be
landed far nearer, The former belief
that it is all part of a great turning
movement, a drive to get to the rear
of the main Russian forces in Poland,
6.11! prevails.

Cen. von Mackensen continues to ad-
van-e toward Stedice and Brest-Litovek.

He |» now in the region of Lukow and
Ww!) shortly reach the railroad going to
Moscow, but the Russian troops are still
to the eust of that point.

Russian War Office Report.

Following is the official Russian state-
ssued to-day:
/ enemy began an attack on the
' of our works from the village of
ple to the Elisenthal front, on the
lessia, With siege artillery’ they
bombardment at midnight,
guns up to sixteen inches.
The hurricane of fire lasted not less
than two hours, and our batteries
& owered energetically,
About 3 o'clock in the morning the
s-vulting columns, in close forma-
‘ marched against our positions,
4 concentrated fire, the explosion
nes and gallant counter attacks
sur troops the enemy was thrown
k along the whole of the front.
weakened Germans, who suffered
losses, were hurled back
r the neighboring ravines, where
e. apparently began to prepare a
reo) assault,
inday noon the enemy's fire in-

‘ ed with terrible intensity, but this
Pootricted and destructive hurricane
most powerful guns failed to
our troops, who firmly with-
the hail of projectiles shower-
& upon them, Our artillery valiantly

pperted our heroes,

Dus incessant cannonade lasted all
di) At nightfall the enemy columns,

 

Ran a
zing

of

mous

a
1

t

b
wT
e

!

'

tf

f

&
Blood
1

6

‘ hb had been .continuously mass-
fhe in front of our positions, again
rihed to the assault, the attacks
lasting two hours, and succeeded in

ig part of our trenches on the

} of the advanced position, which
| fire had swept. But afterward,
bh. the heroje efforts of our reserves,
which had been brought up, the Ger-
hians were repulsed with heavy losses,

‘The enemy retained only the works
near the village of Piple, which were
won at the cost of enormous efforts

#nd losses,
GERMAN LOSSES HEAVY.
Three eattaiienn: Gas to Pleces,

Petrograd Reports,

Special Cable Despatch to TAH SuN,

lorreourap, Aug. I1.-—The following
bial statement
by the General Staff;

‘) the Riga roads on Monday eve-

 

 

 

Continued on Second Page,

   

 

' COLUMBIA’S SUMMER WORK.

| University draws more than 6,000 earnest
men and women to take special

was made public to-'

unday’s SUN
ut it.

 

 

6. ete

LAND TO

Gen. Liman von Sanders, Who
Was in Supreme Command of
Ottomans, Is Replaced.

 

 

Special Cable Deapatch to Tue Svs
Lonpon, Aug. 11.—The Allies have
recently landed 50,000 fresh troops on

the Gallipoli Peninsula, according to
Constantinople advices, From other
sources it is learned that the entente

Powers are preparing to rejuvenate their
offensive there, probably on a larger
| scale than at any time before.

An Athens despatch says that Gen.
Liman von Sanders, who has been di-
recting the Turkish operations since the
allied invasion began, has been recalled
to Berlin and will be superseded by the
Grand Duke of Mecklenburg. This news
would searcely indicate that the German
General Staff has been entirely satisfied
With the conduct of operations at the
Dardanelles, although it is just possible
that Gen. von Sandera has been forced

| to relinquish his duties becauge of a
wound which he was reported to bave
received a month ago,

| Gen. Sir Ian Hamilton, commanding
the land forces at the Dardanelles,
makes the following report:

Severe fighting took place on the
Gallipoli Peninsula yesterday, mainly
in the Anzac zone, Some of the north
positions were occupied in slightly
varied places. The general result is
that t.> area held at Anzec has been
nearly trebled owing chiefly to the gal-

lantry and dash of the Australian and
New Zealand army corps.

(The Anzac region is the territory in
which the Australians and New Zea-
landers are fighting. The name has been
coined from the first letters of the words

Australian and New Zealand Army
Corps.)

No further progress has been made
to the north. The troops have in-
flicted heavy losses on the enemy.

The French battleship St. Louis is
reported to have put five of the six
guns of ‘an Asiatic battery out of ac-
tion.

A private telegram from Constant!.
{nople says that a great offensive move-
j ment was begun by the Allies on the
jevening of August ¥, after relative quiet
‘| for ten daya.
| Attacks were made by both wings with
| extensive infantry and artillery reen-
| forcements. The Turks, {It is asserted,
| after bitter fighting gained advantages,
| @specially near Sedd-el-Bahr, where
| heavy losses were inflicted on the Eng-
i lish. The Turks captured a few trenches
at that point. Later 3,000 English dead
were counted from the Turkish positions.
The Turks, says the message, captured
| six officera and 104 men.
| The Allies tlanied troops on Suvia
Bay, apparently with the I{ntention
‘attacking the Turks from the rear. Un-
| expected opposition was encountered,
| however, and the operations there were
not successful. Fighting was still con-
tinuing on August 8, with the Turks
“oe the ajvantage.

 

The fact that part of the new allied
| army, landed on last Saturday, was put
| ashore at Karachali, on the north coast
of the Gulf of Saros, seems to indicate
the inauguration of a new campaign
against the Turks.

This place is north of Bulair and
probably means that a flanking move-

is to be launched. Some time ago the
Allies made an attempt to throw a line
across the peninsula in this vicinity, but
were not successful. Such an operation,
if carried out, would effectively cut off
the mainland communications with Con-
stantinople, although it would of course
still leave the Asiatic side open for the
transportation of supplies.

A delayed despatch from Constantino-
ple, arriving by way of Berlin, says that
some of the forces landed on Saturday
were annihilated by the Turks, who had
anticipated the attempt and were well
prepared.

Enver Pasha, the Turkish Minister of
War, issued a statement in which he as-
serted that the allied forces had been
repulsed everywhere during the landing
operations and that the toll in lives lost
was very consideable. He says that
the Turks are numerically superior to

the Allies on the peninsula and indicates
that little apprehension is felt by the
Turks over the general situation.

There are two Dukes of Mecklenburg,
one the Grand Duke Frederick Francis
of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, the other the
Grand Duke Adolph Frederick of Meck-
lenburg-Strelitz. The former is a
brother-in-law of the German Crown
Prince and is a General in the Prussian
cavalry, while the latter is & Colonel of
the Prussian army.

ALLIES COULDN'T LAND.
Turks Say

Reenforcements Were

Driven Back to Transports,

Special Cable Deapatch to Tuk Sun.
Lonpon, Aug. 11.—The Athens corre-
spondent of the Daily Mail telegraphs
that a Turkish report says that the
newly arrived allied troops who at-
tempted to land at Karachali, on the

north side of the Gulf of Saros, were
obliged to return to their transports.

The same despatch saye that it is
known in Athens that large Turkish
forces are stationed a short way inland
betwene Malgara and Kesan to guard
the Thracian coast.

TURKS REPORT VICTORY.

Allies Driven Back and Trenches
Taken, Say Ottoman Officials.
Special Cable Deapatch to Tur Sun,

CONSTANTINOPLE (via Berlin and Lon-

'don), Aug. 11.—The following official

report was issued to-day by the Turkish
War Office:

On August 9 we repulsed a further
attack by the enemy north of Avi
Burnu, inflicting heavy losses. Further
to the north w@ forced tne enemy to
| retire by a vigorous attack. Four of-
ficers and fifty men fell into our hands
and we captured two-machine guns, a
quantity of arms and signal apparatus,

Near Avi Burnu, on our left, we cap-

a

 

 

os ee 6 eee — eee ee —

0,000 FRESH

ment against the Turkish positions there |

NEW

TROOPS
FIGHT TURKS

       

Y +
ERkahe TTT TIT
Gen. Liman von Sanders.

|

| tured by bayonet attack a section of

| our trenches which recently hai been
occupied by the enemy

i At Sedd-el-Bahr our left wing troops
occupied a greater part of the trench

  

situated in an isolated position be-
tween our lines and those of the
| enemy. .

 

| WIN STRAITS IN MONTH?
Rome Hears Allies wi Force Dar-
danclles Within That Time.

|
| Special Cable Despatch to Tur Svs.
Rome, Aug. 11.—-Despatches from the

 

 

Dardanelles from official sources indicate |

that the Anglo-French forces will suc-
ceed in forcing the straits in less than
a month

The resistance of the Turks is weaken-
| ing, The Allies have made substantial

Progress during the last two days and
the Turkish losses are very heavy.

—-—

i-Boat Sank Turkish Warship Of
Town of Galllpoll,

1 Special Cable Despatch to Tne Sux,

LoNnow, Aug. 11 22Phe°correspondent | of Switzertand amd the Centrar—and Yq y “DEFER ELECTION.

lof the Times at Mitylene telegraphs that
jthe Turkish warship Barbarossa was
} sunk by the Hritish submarine K-11

oft while riding five miles off from the town

of Gallipoll
| belie
|

|LONDON ATTACKED IN
RAID BY ZEPPELINS

lGerman Admiralty Report
Tells of Fight With War-
ships in the Thames,

| —_—_———_

5 a a a

 

| Bersin, Aug. 11 (by Wireless to Say-
|ville).—The German Admiralty reports
{that on the night of August 9-10 German
| airships Attacked fortified places and
harbors on the east coast of England.
In spite of strong d fence by British
warships on the at

Thames and

|
|
|

| morning

|
|
|

| whole Russian people, while the cyniciam

|
|
|

|

 

|
|

| many for military and commercial pur- |

| University, Oncken of Heidelberg, Schu-

} ‘lin of the Geselkirchen Mines and dm- |
the |

London docks, as well as from torpedo |

boats at a point near Harwich, bombs
were dropped with telling effect, it is
said. Important constructions on the
Humber were attacked also,

The airships returned, the report
states, after a successful expedition.

 

This is the first intimation that
Zeppelins which raided England Tues-
day night had approached London, The
reports of the raid passed by the British
censor said simply that the east coast
had been bombarded and that thirteen
persons were killed and a number
wounded,
| The British Government announced at
the time of the last previous airship

the

raid on London that the locations of | a}, the belligerents, including Germany, | was quiet at Cape Haytien and Port au)
necessarily | nave
by the Press Bureau, land must long for some way out.”

airship attacks would
be announced
| Judging by
Berlin, this
geration,

| ZEPPELIN IS BOMBARDED

French Aviators Dr

not

the above
statement

despatch from
was no exag-

 

   

» Kaplosives
Airship at Ostend,
|

| Special Cable Despatch to Tuk Six, ~”

; Paris, Aug. 11.—The French Ministry | State Grand Jury, which has been inves-
lof Marine issued to-day the following | ticating the Eastland disaster. A report |

i communiqué :

| On Aug. 10 French hydroaeroplanes

| from the aviation centre at Dunkirk
dropped twelve incendiary bombs of

| 120 kilogrammes and six of ninety

| kilogrammes on the Zeppelin) which
entered Ostend yesterday and had been
abandoned,

1 Our aviators also carried out a night

|} bombardment of Ostend, dropping
forty-nine bombs of ninety  kilo-
grammes on the city.

Zeppelin Attacks

Lonpon, Aug. 11.—A Petrograd des-
patch says that a Zeppelin dropped
bombs on a hospital train In Minsk last
Saturday, killing three of the wounded,
' Another train was attacked by a Zep-
pelin at Sledice, Russian Poland, and
many were killed,

  

pital ‘Irain.

Beatty a Full Vice-Admiral,
Special Cable Despatch to Tun Sun,
Lonpon, Aug. 11.-—-Sir David Beatty,

heretofore a Rear Admiral, acting as
Vice-Admiral, has been promoted to
Vice-Admiral. Sir David is 45 years

old and is the youngest officer to at-
\tain the rank of Vice-Admiral in the
| British mavy. He mirried a daughter
{of Marshall Field of Chicago.

Bale of Cotton Brings 81,050,

Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sux.
Lonpon, Aug. 11.—The first bale of
the new cotton crop was sold at Liver-
poo! to-@y for the benefit of the Red
Cross. It hrought £210 ($1,060), which
is a record price

|
|
'
|
|

 

 

|

 

|

|
|
|

 

 

a

 

YORK, | THURSDAY, AUGUST 12, 1915.—copyriont. 1916, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

ae bs

 

 

HEAR KAISER SEEKS | HAYTIANS 10 OUST
PAPAL MEDIATION

Restitution of Belgium Basis} New Constitution, Provisional
of Peace Plan, Says Government and New Presi-

 

 

 

Milan Despatch. dent Decided On.
| —1L—— |
CONFIRM OFFER TO CZAR! CAPERTON MAY STOP VOTE |

 

‘Galicia and the Dardanelles, People Fear Hayti's Congress,

Would Ignore Them in
Choosing President.

the Bait Held Out to |
Russia. |

 

 

From Tur SUN Correspondent,

LoNpox, Aug. 12 (Thursday).—The| Port av Prince, Hayti, Aug. 11.—The |
Milan correspondent of the Timea is re-|%4tious — political and revolutionary |
sponsible for a despatch published this; Parties, under the guidance of the |
which states, it is learned! American authorities In charge of af- |
“from an exceptionally competent source, ‘fairs here, have at last agreed upon;
that Germany ‘s engaged in preliminary a wholesale house cleaning which will
overtures to obtain mediation Chrough! ertail the reconstruction of the Consti-!
the Pope on the basis of the restitution tution, the establ shment of a provi-|!

of Belgium.” government, and the ultimate)
In the overtures, it

Special Cable Deapatch to Tun Sus

 

sional

is said, Germany

 

 

—

 

‘CARRANZA
THROLD CONGRESS’ UY, S, AND SOUTH AMERICA

  
 
 
   

4

THE WEATHER
Partly cloudy to-dy
night or

Highest temperature
Detailed weather, mailand

 

‘PRICE TWO CENTS.

“BLUNTLY WARNS —

TO KEEP HANDS OFF MEXICO

 

Wilson Back

Handle Mexican Case

—— &

 

Will Not Tolerate Interfer-
ence in Nation's In-
ternal Affairs,

To-day to

 

 

President Would Welcome News From Vera Cruz|URGES LATINS TO

That Would Justify Recall of the Bat-
tleships Sent Southward.

 

New Haven, Aug. 11.—President Wil-

;80n passed through here at 9 o'clock | divulged.

to-night, returning to Washington from
Cornish, N. HL, where has been for
the past three weeks

he

The President's return was nade im: |

mediately necessary by the new phase

REJECT PEACE PLAN

 

!regarding Mexico, but these were not

Chief Will Fight Rather
Than Retire.

| Mr. Wilson took a brisk twenty minute

walk here. The President left Windsor,
Vt, at 3:15 this afternoon and
on here to cateh the Federal Express,

which will land him in Washington at | TWO WARSHIPS ON

Sanne Believes First
|

came

 

 

4% te hoak dike ain ah evection of a new President. ,of the Mexican situation growing out) 8:45 o'clock to-morrow morning. Al
‘ ’ , . ‘ ; i * , . on
an ustria have both shown grea | The revolutionary committees which! of Commander McNamee's request for) small crowd gathered at the station | TH El R \W \\ Sol | iH
willingness for another winter campaign | battles? . Sai e : | aan .

ae toh <? Pet ain Gh have been holding conferences in an) battleships to provide against a threat-| to give him a cheer in farewell. |

é spatch from Petrogra tr : ' ; cn :

despat¢ rok Y “| endeavor to agree upon some plan of ened anti-American outbreak ¢: Vera Passing through Vermont and Massa-
same newspaper confirming the report - t i 1 tt treets to | Cruz | chusetty towns in the afternoon the
| reconstruct “AUseE ne os 8 to!” ‘ e - os

that Germany offered a separate peace | ; — : a aie | He wishes personally to direct at close) President shook hands with porvene whe President W ilson W ill Be
to Russia says Germany offered Galicia | be P-acarded with notices this Morning | range the steps that may be forced| gathered

and the Dardanelles with guarantees re-/ announcing the ideas they have de-|
garding Russia's frontiers. Germany | termined upon.

was to take Egypt, which she wou'd! : ,
It has been resolved that Congress

cede to Turkey, and was to be allowed!
a free hand in dealing with the other) shall be dissolved, and that delegates |

Allies

‘This attempt,’ says the Novoe selected from tocal committees all over |
Vremya, ‘testifies that inspite of her the island «hall meet as soon as pos- |

brilliantly organized espionage, Germany |
entirely fails to discount the semiment

of the Russian authorities and of the

sible at Por: au Prince to choose a
previsional government consisting of)
seven members. It wil. be the duty of;
these members, besides the ordinary
administration of the island's affairs, |
ty convoke a constituent assembly |
which will revise the Constitution and
eect a President. |
It will be necessary to revise the
Constitution, if for no other reason, In
order that the desire of the Americans
for part of the territory at Mole St.
Nicholas may be granted them and
certain other concessions. All arrange-
ments with the Americans will be
made by the provisional government.
j The new Constitution will be so
framed as to make a settlement of the.
|} American desires possible, and so that
from offering prayers for victory, from the new President wiil face a clear!
asking blessings for the combatants or situation and will be able to uphold
from administering the sacraments to! his prestige before the peopte.
those responsible for a continuation of}, /t is probable that the prov-sional |
President will be Senator Baussan or
the war. | ex-President Legitime. Prominent can-
It 1s further stated that the Pope has! didates are Bobo, Luxemnourg and
made a persona] appeal to the President Cauvin.
of the United States and the Presidents»

of the proposals themselves can no longer
surprise anybody.’ ”

PAPAL PLEA TO WILSON.

Rome Newspaper Tella of Ban on)

 

Victory Prayers.

Rome, Aug, 11.—The Roma, without give
ing its authority, states to-dcy that Pope
Benedict has decided to make another
appeal for peace. The paper says that
the Pope intends to forbid all representa-
tives of the Church in belligerent coun-
tries under pain, of excommunication

—

 

eee em ey

South American republics, and also to
the King of Spain and the Scandinavian, Caperton

 

| Gets Protests Againat
countries, tLe Let) Haytlan Congrean.
PUT PRICE ON PEACE. WASHINGTON, Aug. 11. -— Elections

which were to be held in Hayti to-mor-
row will probably be postponed as a
result of opposition developing among
the Haytians to the programme for the
election |

A protest against the plan for having
Congress elect a President to-morrow was
received at the State Department to-day
from Port au Prince Tt was signed
only “The District Committee.”

Those responsible for this protest as-
sert that the Congress now sitting in
Hayti was chosen under military dicta-

 

German Professors Schedule Bel-
gium, Poland and Part of France.

Panis, Aug. 11.—A Berne despatch
says that the Tagwacht prints the text
of a manifesto issued a group of
Gernian professors stating their views
of an acceptable peace, They say that
Relgium must remain subject to Ger-

by

torship two years ago and does not In,

poses and that France must cede to ‘ny serse represent the people. hey
Germany all territory north of a Ine ask that the United States Government !
5 t the mouth of the; *range to have a new assembly consti-
a, o i tuted which shal! be made up of dele- |
mme, ; anne |
| gates from all the provinces to be chosen }

Poland and a greater part of the iy th ; : ° .
a ‘ : | by the people themselves. To this as- |
Baltic provinc es ae = ae we ; sembly, it is declared, there should be!
sia. The document is sig ’ “| guaranteed absolute freedom in the!

Meineke, Seeberg and Schaefer of Berlin

choice of a President, and also permis. |

| sion to effect certain permanent changes

{in the Constitution ard government of |

Hayti. The “Distriot Committee” urges |

perial Minister von Schwerin, Mayor of | that the government to be established

Frankfort on the Oder. j first be merely a provisional govern-
-apeameaeaneed | ment.

ASKS IRISH TO AID PEACE PLAN! According to the committee the Con- |

gress, as representing only the wishes of |

macher of Reichenau, Director Kirdo-

 

3 , (its own members, has determined to}
Bishop O'Dwyer Uraes Redmond | choose Dartiguenave, now President of |
to Support Pope. the Haytian Senate. The people, the)

committee says, both in Port au Prince |

, and in northern Hayti have declared for |
Lonpon, Aug. 11,—Bishop O Dwyer of} by Bobo. While the committee does

Limerick, a Roman Catholic prelate of! 14: say ao, other reports from Port au

distinction, has written a long letter tO} prince say that trouble may be expected |

John E. Redmond urging the support of | ir Dartiguenave is chosen President,

the Irish party to the peace proposal of | Tr would create no surprise here if

Pope Benedict. | Admiral Caperton orders the election
The Bishop's letter says tn one part: | postponed once more until the political |

“The time his come to look the facts} cituation can be cleared up.

the face. Recent events show that; phe Admiral cabled to-day

Special Cable Despatch to THe Sun.

 

 

in that ali

had ia profound, terrible lesson) prince, though there is still an element |
of uncertainty in the situation at both |
places, Fighting between rebel and
former Governmermt troops has manertee |
at St. Maroh, A United States detach-
ment has been sent there and will re-|
‘store order, At Quanaminthe = several
| Generals say that they are ready to dis-
arm their forces but that they are sur-
rounded by Bobo troops and do net dare |
$9 give up their guns,

AMERICAN CONSUL BERATED.

St, John Gaffney's German Sym-

 

cee eee |
TLAND OWNERS INDICTED. |

‘hicagwo Grand Jury Also Recom-
Inapection.

 

mends Changes in
Cnuicaco, Aug. 11.—Sweeping changes |
in the Federal steamboat inspection ser-

to-day by the

vice were recommended

 

presented to Judge Kersten supplemente

 

ai?
| London,

The

indictments charging manslaughter and) pathien Deplored in
; Lonpon, (Thursday), Aug. 12

cials, owners of the vessel, and the cap- | Morning Post this morning gives prom|-
tain and engineer,

inspection | Gaffney, American Consul at Munich,

, ontly expressed himself as pro-)

service be taken out of the hands of they he recenty Sxpres

Department of Commerce and given to, The newspaper expresses deep grati- |

jmany for their services for prisoners

the Government inspectors had falled to) and like acts, and refers to the case

; 1 blot, which was first exposed by Ameri-

vem) cans themselves, who were bitterly of-

George T. Arnold, president; William H./ nation using hts position to provlaim |

Hull, vice-president; W. C, Steele, sec. | Hit personal views |

that it is not surprising that Mr, Gaff-

ant secretary; Capt, Pedersen and En-| ne) should be pro-German, as he has,

gineer Brickson. the German army, who has been deco-

CRUSH BIA rated with the Iron Cross,
—_— is a letter he recently wrpte to a New
York newspaper, which was trans-

, : vun @ i
criminal carelessness against four offi- Special Cable Despatch to Tun Svs
|nerce to an attack upon T, St, Jomn |
The report urges that the /
undly in favor of Germany. !
the Navy Department after finding that | tude for American officials in Ger-,
investigate the stability of the ill fated | of Mr. Gaffney as the one unfortunate
The indictments returned were against | fended at a responsible official of their
| "he Morning Post admits, however,

retary-treasurer; Ray W. Davis, assist-
it says, a German wife and a son in
MASSED TO One basis for complaint in his case
ljated for the Neuste Nachrichten, mak-

 

300,000 German Troops Are

' hour,

| Paul is the chairman

upon the United States by events in the
republic

The President expects te receive grom
Secretary of State Lansing to-morrow
full information regarding conditions
which caused naval commander to
ask for additional warships and he is
hopeful that no outbreak will
least Friday, when it is in-
to lay before the Gobinet the
entire situation in regard to Mexico, in-
cluding the between the Pan-
American at New York
day with the unpromising outlook
the Mexican seaport

The President was regretful that fuller
information not obtainable before
he gave his approval to the ordering of

the

oceur at

before his

tention
relation

conference

at

was

| the Louisiana and New Hampshire south-

ward last
news that

night He would welcome
things have so settled down
at Vera Cruz as to justify him in calling
back the two warships before they reach
Mexican waters. ’
The President was here for half an
but received no communication
from Secretary of State Lansing at the
Pan-American conference at New York.
The President, it !s understood, did not

| wet any reports from Mr. Lansing dur- |
ing the day, and reports were received
; from the State and Navy Department

NEWPORT WOMEN TO
GET WORKERS’ PLEA

Girl Makers of Fine Gowns
Will Tell How They Are
Allowed to Starve.

 

 

Mrs, ©“. H. P
known
Newport will
appeal for aid by
of New York, who are campaigning for
higher wages. A committee of dress-
makers’ and tailors’ employees will pre-

Belmont and other well
women with summer at
be made the target of an
workers

homes

the garment

sent the case of the workers at the home
of Mrs. John Jay Mason next week

The committee, it was said here last
night, will represent 20,000 and
women who are in some way associated
with the Fifth avenue shops. Tae work-
ers will assert that they cannot live re-
spectably on the wages they receive for

men

making gowns which sell for $100 and
upward
The meeting will be ‘held under the

auspices of the Congressional Union for
Suffrage, of which Miss Alice
One of the ban-
ners which will be displayed at Newport
reads

“You allow the
the girls who make your gowns.”

Another has this inscription

“Could you live a pure, happy life on
$6 a week? Thousands of girls who
make your dresses get that wage "

Mrs. Anne Deloney Martin and Miss
Carpenter will be among the speakers

Woman

dressmaker to starve

The working conditions of the girls in |

the garment shops will be advanced as
an argument in favor of woman suf-

frage.

NEW SHELL FOR UNCI.F SAM.

 

It Is Being Tested, but Great Se-
crecy In Observed by Offictals,
WasHINGTON, Aug. 11.-—-Great secrecy

ig being observed by naval experts in

connection with tests now being
ducted to determine the effect of shell-

fire on unarmored structures It is un-
derstood that the Department has de-
vised a new shell, but officials decline to
throw any light on it or the purposes of

vcon-

lthe present tests.

Announcement was made by Secre-
tary of the Navy Daniels to-day that
tests were made yesterday by firing at
the superstructure of the old imonitor
Puritan at the mouth of the Potomac
River. It was explained that yesterday's
firing cleared up several doubtful points
“and will be of material assistance to
the Bureau of Ordnance and the Bureau
of Construction and Repair in future de-
signs.”

The shell was fired at a range of 300
yards.

PANAMA CANAL CLEAR AGAIN.

 

to- |

 

to eee him A number of
| bables received the Presidential hand-

at Capital To-day to

shake. Crowds at various stations Handle the Crisis.
cheered the President.
Mr. Wilson's daughters, Miss Mar-

Tim Si

Augast

 

garet and Mrs. Frances Bowes Sas re, |
| remained at Harlakenden House. The
famlly is hopeful that he will find it pos-
sible to make a visit in September

Special Cable Deapate! (0
VERA CRUZ, WENTCO,
12i—Gen. Carranza has received
tht

the Latin American republics will

assurances from Areentine

President Wilson has an arduous pro-

gramme of official conferences mapped

f tl not coantenance armed interven-
;our for the next ten days, besides the

: . tlon in Mexteo by the United
Mexican situation Secretary of War
Garrison and Secretary of the Navy States.

| Daniels are expected to submit their ree} Wastinaton, Aug. 11.- Gen Care
| ports on the condition of the army and | ra has served notice on the Un ted
navy in a few days Mr. Wilson will) States that he will not to
j hold a serles of conferences on national any plan for the restoration of peace
{defence with the chairmen of the Naval
and Military of

houses,

 

subscribe

in Mexico devised by the Van-Amer-

Committees the

two! ian conference that would tend to des
| teat the aim of the Constitutionallst

Another matter to which the President
| party, of which he is the head

| intends to give his immediate attention
) is the report of Secretary of Commerce |
| Redfield's investigation of the Eastland |
| Chicago, Complaints naa
| been filed with him against the conduct
of the Federal investigation.

In a communication addr seed to
Secretary Lansing,
through his Washington
[made it pain that he will not tolerate
Interference by this Government or the
| With respect to the Haytian situation, | Latin American republics In the inter-
it ia believed that the President does not | na] affairs of Mexico, Officials here

regard this as one of the matters press-' elleVO hat Carranza will flight rather

Carranza, speaking

disaster at agent, has

| oe for an early action on his part. than assent to the establishment of

—— — con emmininensbstil se ait group in Mexico eity other than
the one that he leads.

KNICKERBOCKER TO BE "tm w":2 ts v09 0

| to the effect that in a note addressed

MOVIE HOUSE SEPT { tc the President of Argentina Cuar-

8 ranza made his threat more specifte.

the
the

I'rotesting

 

against participation

of Argentina in Pan-American

Theatre Taken Over for Period |

confer*nce Carranza is quotes as fol-

of One Year by Triangle ne
Film Company Argent.na has made herself an
. accomplice in a crime against our

 

race which possibly may help to

Messrs. Frohman, Klaw and Frlanger| bring 04 war between two American
yesterday completed negotiations by! nations.
which the Triangle Film Company will |

Other Defilnnt Notes,

one year and run it a8 a motion picture Besides the notes t» Argentina and
house. The film company will take pos- ithe United States ‘arranga sent come
session September 1. munications to Brazil and Chile defi-

According to a statement from the ay. in tone
Triangle Film Company, many changes Carranza sought to strengthen his

will be made in the theatre, which will

; warning to the United States by in-
be opened the first week in September forming his Washington agent that
The plays to be presented on the screen fn expressing opposition to the plan
will include comedies of the Griffith- adopted by the Pan-American con-
Ince-Sennett combination to be brought ference he had the support «f the
out weekly Prominent stars will be Gevernors and the military leaders in

 

ke over the Knickerbocker Theatre fur
|
|

 

   

presented in two five reel feature plays, Practically all the territory over which
The Knickerbocker is to form one of he exercises contro! .
With the Pan-American conference on
a chain of several hundred playhouses the verge of tuking formal action and
throughout the country, some of which Carranza showing deflance the Wash-
already have heen obtained, notably {ston officlals were getting ready for
the Studebaker in Chicago. The Mitial eee a ete ee n situation
4 aie “ 5 Sistin ne M4 eships enulistar and News
bill at the Knickerbocker will include Hampshire, which left. Newport last
| Douglas Fairbanks, Raymond Hiteh- night. are on the way to Vera Crug
jeock and Frank Keenan, The services The commander of a third battleship
jof more than fifty stage stars have ila ok Pea Ps in i ivtian Watera,
MM een directed to old himself fn
ings, s said
‘been obtained for the offer! nee it Is saic readiness to join the Loulsiana and the
oe New Hampshire on short notice
| ; :
| MARSHALL PRAYS FOR WILSON. © oy tie: order there are 21,000 troops
— me ready for any emergency
| Vice-President Says He Pleads for, However, the United States is not ex.
Chief Executive Every Day. pecting immediate trouble with Mexica
si Reports received to-day indicate that
| Pwraropy, Kan, Aug. 11 In a speech vera Cruz, Carranza’s headquarters. has
here last night Vice-President Marshall’ quieted after the flrat) antl-Aperican
,;made a strong plea for Americans to flareup

The Governor of the State of Vera

heed the advice of President Wilson, and |
Cruz issued a statement denrecating the

i y ri w

| said And I want to sa} right ne demonstrations and conden ning the

ithere is one President of this United | gtate officers who took part iol ;

| States who is not envied by the Vice-. is realized, theugh, that Carranza is

President, and that is President Wilson, (| in an ugly frame of mind, and there ia
4 ' i: ’ oe a

‘There is not a night 1 don't pray be- | # possibility that a situa nay aris

' 7 f me 1 at any moment that would compel the

\fore | go to bed for the safety anc Tintted tates to take drastic notion

protection of our President.”

| Referring to the war in Mexico, Mr Carranza'’s Note to Brasil,

'Marshall remarked that the real trouble |. ' : :

down there was that there was no Vice- The note addressed by Carranza toa

Brazil contains the
that Ambassador da Gama was reported
to have declined to take part in any plan
bof joint contro) of Mexican affairs. The

| President Interesting statement
'

| BREAKING UP OF THE SEA CALL

 

  

text of the note to Braail follows
Ss. Coe Mu ° a .
| Alexander Cochran's New Yacht The people of Mexico have he
Converted Into Scrap, with gratification that your repres
tative in Washington has declined with

Boston, Aug. 11 The Sea Call, Alex-
ander Sinith Cochran's schooner yacht,

in commission only six weeks,

dignity to take
of interference
Hy this aetion he has set an example

any part in the project

is being

 

Gathered for Big Dash,
lonpon, Aug. 12 (Thuraday)—The |
Morning Post publishes telegrams from
Switzerland and Salonica that 300,000 |
Germans have been nassed in Bosnia |
and Herzegovina for the purpose of |
crushing Serbia and then opening a way |
across Greece to Salonica for the pur-
pose of relieving the Turks. ‘
Such an operation hae been forecast
by military critica,

| 8, Consular service,

(na assertions against the Allies, It
is also asserted that while visiting Lon-
don tast winter to investigate the condi-
tion of German prisoners he so loudly
expresse’ his anti-English sentiments as

Twenty-two Ships Held by
May Now Passa Through.
Special Cable Despatch to Tuk Svs

Slide

PANAMA, Aug. 11,--TraMe, which was

ffend the guests at a hotel, It i e
that the eeettesh Embassy at a tied up a few days ago by a slide at Cu-
don was not at all sorry when he re-|lebra, has been resumed through the
turned to Munich. canal. Twenty-two ships, which were

caught on one side of the isthmus or the
other, have thus been released.

The steamship Finland’ will sail for
San Francisco to-morrow,

|

|

}

i

|

|

i |

T. St. John Gaffney was practising law. |
In New York when appointed to the U |

converted into scrap in the yards of the which may serve as a precedent for
builders here that harmony and fellowship which
The reason for the order to break up! ought to prevail between the Latin
ithe yacht is because the gusolene engine) American nations, Whose destinies are
| caused the disintegration of the bottom, | so closely intertwined In the name
}composed of a metal alloy called monel of the Mexican people f beg leave to
j metal, | express my appreciation for this act
| The Sea Call, which was launehed in of justice and sympathy
April and commissioned June 26, was No: lanation, was obtainable here
215 feet long and had a thirty-four | to-night ain regard.to the reference to
foot beam, She had made fourteen |

knots before a fair wind, How much the
boat cost could not be ascertained yes-
terday, but inasmuch as she was lux-
uriously fitted out and as the cost of the
monel metal is high it is considered
as certain that it is well up in the hun-
dreds of thousands,

GREAT BEAR SPRING WATER.
bee, the case of six glass stoppered betties.
—dAdv,

‘

4 oe 9 nv is pln Poem went

 

Ambassador da Gaia, though there has
been dud.understan & here that) the
Pigzilian Ambassade! Wasyke ping very
quid’ in the conferences and Fas shy of
tbeing led mto approving anything that
} might result in armed intervention

s+. s
Carrqnsa'’s Note % Vv. Ss.
Carranga’s ~@ominunication to Secre-

tary Lansing bears’ the signature
Eliseo Arredondo, the Washington rep.

in fig Malang daniel

2

< 2S neceas ae

PTE IRR BRO RR ge cre th EN RE

ee

Seen