WEATHER FORECAST.
Partly cloudy to-day and to-morrow;
not much change in temperature.

Highest temperature yesterday, 74;
Dotalled weather reports on editorial

ec

VOL. LXXXVI.—NO. 257.

lowest 54.
page.

 

+444

s :

 

The

NEW YORK, THURSDAY, MAY 165,

DIRIGIBLE IN RIVALRY WITH PLANES ON

 

 

Sun.

1919,.— Copuriont, 1919, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

 

 

IT SHINES FOR ALL

 

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

TRIP ACROSS OCEAN:

NC-4 EXCEEDS 99 MILES AN HOUR IN FLIGHT TO HALIFAX;
WILSON EXPECTS TO SEE PEACE ESTABLISHED BY JUNE 10

FEELING GROWS KOLCHAK READY Seaplane Left Behind by Her Sister

U.$. WILLTAKE |AUSTRIANPRACE
ACTIVE HAND IN PARTY REACHES

TURKEY'S

Also Will Participate in
Advisory Way in Bul-
garia’s Future.

CONFIDENT OF SIGNING

Germans Said to Court on
Jealousies to Provide Hope
for Recovery.

By LAURENCE HILLS,

Staff Correspondent of Tar Sun.
Copyright, 1919; all rights reserved.
Paris, May 14.—The American mis-
gion how expects to finish its work
of making peace by June 10, if not a
litle before. This covers not only
the signing of the German and Aus-
trian treaties but the settlement, so
far as the United States is concerned,
of Turkish and Bulgarian questions,
in which President Wilson intends to
iake an active part, although America
will not be a party to the treaty.
President Wilson, Premier Lioyd
George and Premier Clemenceau are
the new map makers of Europe and
Asia, and they will cease their labors
together only when the Turkish Em-
pire has been divided. Then the ac-
tive partnership will be dissolved and
the President will return home to
fight his battles there, battles which
loom up more formidable every day
to many of his friends here who are
watching the barometer of American
sentiment.

Germans Expected to Sign.

The latest information which
reaches ‘the. correspondent of THE
Scs from the Germans at Versailles
give’ more reason than ever for the
bellef that the Germans intend to
sign the treaty after the protests
have been made. ,These appear to be
the features of the German pro-
gramme: ;

This idea is making great headway
in the German delegation at Ver-
seilles. In line with it the Germans
now are making efforts to keep the
Austrians in line and reports that the
latter under the influence of the

Entente Allles are swinging away | for the crowds displayed mild curlosits |

from this policy have greatly dis-
turbed the delegation, which now has
asked permission to confer with the
Austrians, The purpose of this is to
fet the Austrians to make a firm
ftand for self-determination and an-
feration.

France Can Avert Annexation.

As a matter of fact the Americans,
British and Itallans believe that
hothing can prevent annexation ulti-
mately, but France can exercise her
veto power in the council of the
feague to uphold !t, thus again pre-
Fenting the league as a breeder of
trouble rather than a pacifier.

Quick work is being made of the
Austrian treaty and the same pro-
tedure will be followed as in the case
of the German treaty, the document
being submitted at a plenary session
of the Peace Congress and then pres-
ented to the Austrians as a whole,

the latter being allowed one week in
which to make their objections and
signing almost simultaenoulsy with

the Germans,
New Perils Are Indicated.

While the Austrian negotiations are
going the Big Three will carve
up Turkey and delimit Bulgaria and
then will be ready to pronounce the
Work finished. But however well
they labors may look on paper when
they finish, the fact clearly outstand-
Ing 1s that they will leave behind
then in southwestern Europe condi-
tions which will be perilous to the
peace of the world.

Ti reation of the Jugo-Slav na-
nis one of the greatest experiments
Its elements clearly are
complete accordand it has been

e of more maneuvering here,
feellng and more jealousy than
y other question. Already it is caus-
ing the Italians to turn against the
whom they see always secretly
‘tering the growth of this new na-

irb the Italian power,

feeling between the Jugo-Slavs
e he Italians is intense already and
! Undoubtedly this ques-
t iid have been settled much bet-
t the beginning of the negotia-
t ‘han tt can now and it would
have been settled then had it not been
t
f
ft

 

on

Nistory

OWlng

insistence of President Wilson

| this delimitation of boundaries
etween Italy and Jugo-Slavia his
points must be carried out,
igh these fourteen points were
+ part of the Austro-Italian
Mistics it seems now impossibie
Peace Conference to leave this

n other than as a festering sore.

PATE, FRANCE SMILING

!

(Chancellor Renner Puts All
at Ease as He Leaves

Special Train.

|MORE LIKE FETE DAY

Delegates Intimate-They Will
Ask for Attachment to
Germany.
By the Associated Press
| Paris, May 14.—Dr, Karl Renner, the
Austrian Chancellor, brought his peace
, delegation and their attendants to 8t.
Germain, near Paris, to-day, and ata
Jater date will appear before the repre-
sentatives of the allied and associated
Powers to receive the conditions which
will spell peace for the former Haps-
burg empire.

A notable feature of the reception
was the absence of Germans, who had
requested permission to greet the Aus-
trians, but had been denied this privi-
lege. The Prefect of the Department,
M. Chaleil, met the Austrians ¢our-
teousty, and although there was no of-
ficial handshaking many members of
the party were greeted by unofficial
handshakes from old acquaintances as

they were being shown to the waiting
automobiles.

Not Shut Off, as Are Germans,

The delegates then proceeded under
military escort to the villas set aside
for them overlooking the Valley of the
Seine and Paris and lacking the high
fences and sentries so much in evi-
dence at Versailles.

Chancellor Renner was apparently in
excellent spirits. He smiled engagingly
and his eyes shone as he greeted the
representatives of the allied countries
In the course of his remarks he said,
among other things: “I hope I may
go away with as joyful a heart as I

| bring.”

! St. Germain was at its loveliest’ this
afternoon when the Austrian delegation
was received.
regulations were enforced and
crowds of villagers held bacn by sen-

 

 

Foch Sent to Rhine to Act if Germans
Refuse to Sign, Council of Four Announces

 

By the Associated Press,
PARIS, May 14.—Immediate measures tending to the further sub-

jugation of Germany if its
treaty, were indicated to-day.
It was announced that Masha

in the event that the treaty is n

  
  
   
   
     

George, M. Clemenceau and Signor
mediate reimposing of the blockade

at two separate meetings of the co
On the other hand, it is antici

to the treaty.

YANKS
GERMANY JUNE 4

Few Troops Will Remain to
Turn Area to French, if
Teutons Sign.

U. 8S. READY FOR REFUSAL

Pershing Prepared to Act
Should Peace Treaty Be
Rejected.

By the Associated Press.
CoBLENz, May 13—(delayed).—If the
Germans sign the peace terms all the
American troops except the Third
Corps and three divisions and a few
headquarters units will be out of the
occupied district of Germany by June

by the Council of Four to take such action as may become necessary

The Council of Four, composed of President Wilson, David Lloyd

try declined to sign the peace treaty.

tirely lifted immediately if the German delegates affix their signatures

 

 

STO LEAVE'GERMAN PLEAS —

1 Foch had been sent to the Rhine
ot signed.

Orlando, to-day considered the im-
against Germany in case that coun-
The subject was under discussion
uncil.

delegates refuse to sign the peace
pated that the blockade will be en-

DELUGE ALLIES

of Four Told Eco-
nomic Clauses of Treaty

{ Mean Ruin to Nation.

|

Council

 

NO REPARATION PROTEST

 

|

Answers Go to Notes on Labor
and Prisoners of War—
Counter Terms Coming.

Paris, May 14.—Three more notes
| were received by the Council of Four
from the German peace delegation at
Versailles to-day and were referred
to special committees for considera-

tion. Answers also were despatched

1 or soon after that date, according to | to-day to the German notes previ-
reports in circulation in Coblenz. {ously received dealing with prisoners

It is understood that the First, Sec- of war and suggesting changes !n the
ond and Third Regular divisions will | POF convention. The report of the
be those to remain for the duties in committee Which has heen consider-

cannection with tupning over theaarea |!"* the note on labor has been ap-

to French control. If the Germans| P7OVed and ‘forwarded to the Ger-
necept the peace conditions it is un-
derstood preparations will begin im-
mediately for the remaining three

’ divisions to withdraw to France pre-

paratory to embarking for home.
| The length of time required to turn

may take perhaps a month longer. If

mans.
. Close scrutiny of the treaty has re-
| Vealed several omissions and the
|} council corrected these by deciding
to insert a clause providing for the
Vwiema ka of the reparations com-

 

Although strict military | offairs over to the French has not been puree on a twelve months’ notice.
the | determined, but it is estimated that it,

Although the subjects of the three
German notes received to-day were not

tries from the railway station and the|ihe Germans do not accept, the plans! made public, it fs understood that one

{shady avenues through which the dele-|for the withdrawal of the Americans of | of

gates were hurried to their abiding
Place such precautions were unnecessary,

rather than hostility.

| More Like a Fete Day.

;course will be changed materially.

America Will Do Part.

| Gen. Pershing when asked on Mon-
day what would be the part of the
American Army in the event the Ger-

them deals with the economic
| clauses of the treaty and declares
pat they mean the ruin of Germany
if they are enforced. A note on terri-
| torial questions protests particularly

jagalnst the Saar Valley arrangement

The brilliant warm day enhanced the|mans did not sign the treaty sald it} and the transfer of the Malmedy,
beauty of the historic town, whose vil-/misht be depended upon that America| Moresnet and Eupen districts to Bel-

las were embowered in blooming lilac
hedges, with chestnut groves in full
| flower. Under official escort the news-
paper correspondents and others were
conducted ceremontously to thé station
through streets from which other traffic
had been barred, It seemed like a fete
day, unconnected with war, and the good
spirits of the crowd awaiting the Aus-
trians appeared to be shared by them,
for they emerged smiling from their
special train.

It was a cosmopolitan crowd which
awaited the delegation, French, Engiish,
Italian, Japanese and Americar journal-
ists and officers. Some of the Austrians
gazed inquiringly from the windows as
the train entered the station, uncertain
of their reception. but Chancellor Ren-
ner was sure of his ground and wel-
comed the friendly spirit displayed with
heartiness, which was reciprocated in a
measure by those assembled.

Chat Pleasantly.
Prof. Lammasch was accompanied by
his wife and daughter, and there were
several women secretaries, who were
shown the greatest courtesy. The Aus-
trian newspapermen and eubordinates
in one’ of the requisti-

Delegates

were quartered
tioned hotels.
After their arrival at the villas the
Austrian delegates again thanked the
escorting officers for their courteous re-

ception and chatted for a time, contrast-
ing the sunghine and warmth of France
with the snows and bleakness of Austria
and Switzerland on the journey hither.

The Austrian Chancellor, in his speech
on arrival and later in conversation
spoke German, but excused himself as
being unable to speak French,

Members of the Austrian delegation,
questioned on their arrival, intimated
that they would demand the attachment
ot German Bohemia and German Tyrol
to Germany, and asserted that without
these concessions they would be unable
to sign the treaty. This was not said
with such conviction as would indicate
a firm determination and the impression
was gained that they were ready to sign
even if annexation to Germany was not

| permitted,

| Baron Rudolf von Slatin Pasha, a for-
mer high official in the Egyptian Gov-
ernment, who resigned ‘his position be-
cause of Great Britain's declaration of
j war on Austria and who has been living
in Switzerland, joined the party en route.
He encountered a number of old acquain-
tances on the arrival of the train and
said he was very hapeful of better rela-
| Austria and the

tions between Entente

Powers.

 

 

ea anne enaremmeeeea Emme
Jack London's last novel—never before
published—-"HEARTS OF THREE,"
adventure and exciting
running serially in the
Begin it to-

story of romance,
episode is now
New York Evening Journal,
day.—Adv,

a} London's

would do her part whatever that may
be.

| In connection with the report that all

 

and three divisions will be out of Ger-
many by June 1, provided the Germans
accept the peace conditions, it is under-
stood that the headquarters of the Third
Army will remain in Coblenz with
Lieut.-Gen. Hunter Liggett in command
The task of paying bills and checking
up property preparatory to turning the
area over to the French will require a
great mass of detail work, but plans for
the transfer of the Americans from Ger-
man soil have advanced to such an ex-
tent in the last few days that latesc es-
timates are that possibly by August the
duties of the great mass of the Ameri-
cans in connection with occupation will
be virtually at an end and the
doughboy will
the Rhine.

last
have said good by to

90th Division Starts Soon.

The Fourth, Fifth, Sixth and Sev-
enth Regular Army divisions will be
turned over to the Service of Supply.
Various other units in the area of oc-
cupation also will be ordered to France.

The Ninetieth Division, consisting
principally of National Army men from
Texas and Oklahoma, has been turned
over to the Service of Supply and is
scheduled to start
within a week.

Plans have been prepared that when
the Germans sign the treaty to begin
moving the troops immediately. It is
hoped to move eight trains loaded with
troops datly. The equipment of the gol-
Aiers will be shipped out later, - In the
area from which divisions are being
withdrawn a certain number of troops
from various American detachments wi!l
be assigned to patrol duty pending the
arrival of the French. This is consid-
ered necessary in the military routine
of guarding property and turning over
supplies, ammunition and other articles
of war to the army of relief.

moving for Brest

 

 

FOR PROHIBITION REPEAL.

Representative Gallivan Will ®e-
introduce Bill in New Congress,

WASHINGTON, May 14.—Repeal of the
war time prohibition law that is to be-
come effective July 1 will be proposed
jin a bill to be introduced at the opening
session of Congress next week by Rep-
resentative Gallivan (Mass.), Democrat.

A similar measure was introduced by
Mr. Gallivan during the closing days of
the last Congress, but it still was in com-
mittee when the session ended.

 

 

 

The literary event of the year—Jack
last novel, “HEARTS OF
THREE,” never before published, is now
appearing serially in the New York Eve-
ning Journal. Don't fail to start the story
to-day.—Adv,

the Americans, except the Third Corps |

| sium, as well as the forced evacua-

jen of a part of Schleswig.

| <A note on reparation does not protest

against the payment by Germany for the

devastation wrought in Belgium and

northern France, which it says Germany

js ready to do willingly. It is added,

however, that Germany will not pay

reparation for this damage on the prin-

ciple that she was responsible for the}
war.
\ The note on the question of prisoners

|says: “The German peace delegation
| notes with satisfaction that the project

! recognizes the principle of the return of

! prisoners of war and civilians with the

least possible delay. The delegation

deems that all the details of the execu-

tion of this measure ought to be sub-

mitted to a special commission.

“Direct oral discussions between the
commission and nearly all the bellig-
erents concerning prisoners of war have
been considered, even during hostilities,
as the surest means of solving the dif-
ficulties, It ought to-day to be all the
easier to reconcile the different view-
points and clear up certain obscurities
still existing on certain details of the
problem.

“For instance, as a result of tho dl-
versity of the viewpoint of the law in the
different countries interested, the Ger-
man delegation considers it indispensa-
ble that prisoners or war and the civil-
fans undergoing penalties for other in-
fractions than those of discipline should
be in a group that ought to be re-
patriated unconditionally. Germany has
recognized this principle regarding pris-
oners of war and civilians of the allied
and associated Powers in its custody,

“The German delegation deems it nec-
essary for reasons of equity to accord
certain improvements in the treatment
of prisoners, military and civilian, pend+
ing the time when they may return to
their own country,’

The Council at its morning session ap-

pointed a sub-committee, comprising one
} member from each of the five great Pow-
ers, Great Britain, France, Italy, the
United States and Japan, to deal with
objections and proposals from the Ger-
man plenipotentiaries.

The German delegation is preparing
voluminous counter proposals for sub-
mission to the allied and associated
Powers ae substitutes for the terme of
the peace treaty.

 

 

 

last novel-—-"H OF THREE”’—is
now appearing serially in the New York
Evening Journal, Begin this stirring story
of love, search for hidden treasure and a
battle of millionaires, in to-day's Journal.
—Adv.

|
Never before apibiighed—Jegk ae

THAT GERMANY |T0 CRUSH REDS,
WILL NOT SIGN| FRENCH ASSERT

National Assembly
venes With Majority in
Favor of Refusal.

ERZBERGER IS OUTSPOKEN | MOSCOW DRIVE PLANNED)

Prince Lichnowsky
Breaking Off Negotiations
Only Proper Tactics.

 

By KARL H,. von WIEGAND.
Staff’ Correspondent of Tum Sun.

Copyright, 1919; all rights reserved.

Bertin, May 12 (delayed).—‘“Un-
fulfillable and unendurable.” That,
according to leading members of the
various political parties, will be the
keynote in the first debate on the
peace terms in the National Assem-
bly, which convenes for the first
time in Berlin this afternoon.

Of the six parties represented, of
which the leaders will address the
elected representatives of the Ger-
man Republic, five already in one
form or another have placed them-
selves on record as against accept-
ance; the sixth is for signing. The
Independent Socialists, embracing
also those of more radical tendencies,
will protest against the conditions,
but will demand that the treaty be
signed on the ground that refusal to
sign would plunge the German people
into still greater misery and that as
the terms are “unfulfillable” it will
be a peace of compulsion, of might
and force, and will. therefore defeat
its own ens.

Base Hopes on Revolution.

The Independents, who hive
twenty-six representatives out of the
420 in the National Assembly. will
place their reliance for a revision of
the treaty upon their hopes for a
world revolution. The party went
on record in favor of signing with
that in view at a meeting held in
Berlin late yesterday.

“With the best will and intention
We cannot sign such terme,” declared
Matthias Erzberger, head of the
Armistice Commission, to-day. “It
means Germany's complete enslave-
ment. No Government can be found
that will sign the German people
over as slaves except the Independent
Socialists. Their entry into the Gov-
ernment would mean anarchy in its
worst form.

“T have been and I am for every
compromise within reason and possi-
ble of being carried eut without

political and economical annihilation, | t™Y:

but for these terms I cannot stand.”
Asked how the Government
tured to itself the consequences of a

 

 

Con-| Admiral Hailed as Strong

Man Who Will Establish
Order in Russia.

Believes; Failure to Give a Voice in Gov-

|

ernment to Peasants Op-
posed by Wilson.

 

 

By a 8taff Correspondent of Tur Scx.
Copyright, 1919; all righte reserved.
Paris, May 14.—Encouraged by re-
cent developments, French official opin-
ion inclines more daily to the belief
that Bolshevism will receive its death
blow not from such schemes as the
Prinkipo conference or the Nansen
plan of feeding the people but from
armed force.
It is pointed out that now that the
Bavarian Spartacans have been van-
quished by Noske’s German troops and
the doom of Bela Kun has been sealed
practically by the advancing Ruman-
fan and Czecho-Slovak armies a vigor-
ous military leader likewise is emerg-
ing from amid the Russian confusion.
In Admiral Kolchak is seen the prom-
ise of a strong man who can bring or-
der to the distracted nation, and the
belief is expressed that in the increas-
ing emergency the Allies should back
him to the limit with money and sup-
plies. Admiral Kolchak already is
mapping out a campaign to capture
Moscow.
Difficulty already is expected in en-
listing the support of President Wilson
for Admiral Kolchak. Point is given to
this by an interview with the Admiral
published in the Petit Paristen in which,
although expressing himself as the
friend of the proletariat and especially
of the peasants, Admiral Kolchak states
plainly that he does not believe they
are ready for immediate and full par-
ticipation in the government.

Plan for Government.

Once Moscow is taken, Admiral Kol-
chak intends to establish a paternal gov-
erpment, with himself at its head, the
tenure of which will be indefinite. ‘The
calling of a National Assembly to de-
termine the future form of our institu-
tions,’ he says, “will be possible only
after ‘!mportant work of preparation.
My government, I belleve, cannot alone
assume that task, and I propose to as-
sociate with it a council composed of
members of the Zemstvos and munici-
palities, representatives of great social
organizations and men distinguished by
experience. The members of this coun-
cil will be appointed by me.

“This council will aid the government
to achieve the pacification of the coun-
It will fix rufes according to which
the Constituent Assembly will be elect-
ed, and when finally the Assembly meets

Pic-| my only care will be to give the chief

of state chosen by it the power of which

final rejection of the peace terms! ! 4m the depository.”

Herr Erzberger eaid: ‘The renewal

!

The objection made to this programme
is that it involves indefinite rule by a

of the hunger blockade tn its sharp-|one man machine and makes Admiral

est form,
French,

the marching
cutting off south

in
Germany

of the | Kolehak

virtually dictator while the
election is planned, and such a machine
when it is carried out finally could’ have

from the north, perhaps the marching! but one result, the confirmation of Kol-

in of additional British and Ameri-
can troops, thousands of civilians dy-
ing of starvation before this year's
crops are harvested.”

“And then?” I asked.

“We shall see," he replied.

Death Rather Than Slavery.

Asked !f he believed that the Ger-
man people still had much endurance
he answered: “The German people
after all that they have been through
still have enough heroism to die
rather than be slaves and commit
thelr children to slavery, France and
England want to bore holes in our
people, who have lost faith in human-
ity. They placed their entire fate in
the hands of President Wileon with a

 

Continued on Sirth Page.

   

Kankakee Soldiers
Rhyme Thanks to Fund

 

“6 E came in on the Verdun
wreckers and rainy was
the night, but a message to us
from THE SUN, like the sun,
made all things bright. Perhaps
the gift was simple, it was one
none e’er forgets, and we were a
happy bunch that night’ we
smoked your cigarettes.”’ Boys of
the Forty-first, Seventy-first and
128th Companies, Transport
Corps, all from Kankakee, III.,
sang this in chorus at Verdun on
April 26.
Other thanks in prose will be
found on page 12,
WARNING! THE SUN To-
bacco Fund has no connection
with any other fund, organization
or publication. It employs no
agents or solicitors.

| chak'’s power.

|
|

 

SS

 

Admiral Kolchak appeals
for an alliance with France as a safe-
guard against the recrudescence of Ger-
man power. He says:

‘Because they did not push their mili-
tary advantages the Allies left incom-
plete their defeat of Germany. In
few years Germanism will be for France
and for us as dangerous as it has been
in the past.”

American Objections.

According to American military opin-

army, rapid as it has been recently,
must be pushed much further west be-

fore it can beconte a formidable menace; done in the NC-4 type of hydroairplane, |

to the Russian Bolsheviki. It is ad-
mitted, however, that the Kolchak Gov-
ernment stands out as the strongest of
all the Russian anti-Bolshevik govern-
ments. The objection to it is its alleged
reactionary tendencies.

President Wilson, it is stated, believes
that the Russian moujik or peasant, de-
spite his heritage of centuries of ig-
norance and servitude, has now had
sufficient political experience to gov-
ern himself, or at least should have
another chance to try. The Bullitt-Stef-
fens reports encouraged this belief. In
French circles it is held that the events
in Russia in the last two years prove
that the moujik still has a long way
to go before he will be capable of self-
government.

GILLETT POSES FOR MOVIES.

Breaks Old Ivory Gavel Rapping
for “Order” to Empty House,

WASHINGTON, May 14.—Speaker-elect
Gillett (Mass.) rehearsed to-day the
calling of the House Into session for the
benefit of motion picture companies and
so vigorously did he rap for order in
the empty chamber of the House that
he broke the handle of an ivory gavel
which had been given to him by a friend.

The gavel was one that was used in
1841 by the presiding officer at a fire-
men's convention at Baltimore,

Not eince the association of Leon Bakst,
Michael Fokine and Nikolas Rimaky-Kar-
sakoff, has there been such a triumph as
“Broken Blossoms’ at the Geo. M. Cohan
Theatre.—Adv,

 

Ships Makes a Terrific Spurt to
Reach Halifax on Time.

 

ALL HOPE TO MAKE START TO-NIGHT

 

Great Naval Blimp on Way to Newfoundland
Trails Behind Swift Planes and
May Attempt to Cross.

 

|
|
| HALIFAX, May 14.—The NC-4 arrived here to-day after
\a swift flight from Chatham, Mass., still in high hope of
lreaching Trepassey, N. F., in time to start for the Azores
with the sister planes NC-1 and NC-3.

| Meanwhile the naval dirigible C-5, travelling steadily at
a rate of less than half the speed of the NC-4, but with a
serene steadiness which no plane can hope to achieve, is
somewhere over the ocean to-night in a determined effort to
reach Newfoundland. Her orders are to proceed to St. John’s,
and therefore Lieutenant-Commander Coil is “proceeding” des-
pite darkness, cold, unknown land and water and the difficul-
ties of navigation in a strong wind. In one way she has an
advantage over the seaplanes, for she can drop gently down
upon her landing place instead of rushing toward it at a
speed of fifty or sixty miles an hour. For this reason he is
better able to make a landing at night.

When last heard of—at 7:40 to-night—the dirigible was above
the ocean off the port of Liscomb on the east coast of Nova Scotia, about
eighty-five miles northeast of this place. Word of her position reached
here by wireless from the steamship Lady Laurier.

The plucky little blimp—for she is a mere dwarf alongside the huge
rigid airships of Germany and Great Britain—is gradually bettering the
speed at which she left Montauk Point, L. I., at 8 o'clock this morning.
At that time she was making but forty miles an hour. Along the Nova
Scotia coast, with the high wind added to the speed of her slow speed,
leng distance engines, she appeared to be going much faster.

From Liscomb she still has 400 nautical miles to make to reach St.
John’s.

 

 

 

al “y

AIRMEN KEEP
RADIO CONTACT

Lieut.-Commander Read Talks
to Roosevelt While in

Flight.
ANSWER IN 8 MINUTES
Speed on Trip to Halifax
Reaches 85 Nautical

Miles an Hour.

Hauirax, May 14.—Lieut.-Command
er Read's own account of his remark:
able flight in the NC-4 from Chatham,
Mass., to Halifax to-day follows:

“I took the time at Chatham Bar.
You know that is a sort of jumping
off place. It was 9:16 o'clock, Eastern
time, when we left the bar. We rose

ifrom the water nine minutes before,
but circled around testing our en-

gines. Our official time of arrival in
Halifax .was 5:07, Greenwich mean
time, in passing the Baltimore, and

j5:11 when we landed upan the water,
‘which would be seven and eleven min-
utes past 2 Halifax
time. So the elapsed time from Chat-
| ham to the U. S. S. Baltimore in Hali-
| fax harbor was just three hours and
| fifty-one minutes,

' have not worked out our exact
|‘ mileage yet, but it was very close to 340
miles. As yet I have not had a chance
to figure out our exact speed, but I took
it twice during the trip and once it was

respectively,

 

eighty-four miles an hour and another |
ion, the advance of Admiral Kolchak's| time eighty-five. (He speaks of nautical |

miles.) I have flown at a much higher
rate of speed, but this is the best I have

“We kept at a height averaging be-
tween 600 and 1,000 feet, because the
winds above would not have helped us
along so much. The wind was almost
astern, just a bit to the west of south
west, and it was of great assistance.

Trip Went Like Clockwerk,

“The trip was made absolutely with-
incident We picked up each de-
stroyver on time, although, because of the
strong wind astern which I had not
calculated on, we passed the first one a
little before we had expected
were five on station.

out

“One noteworthy event of the journey

was that we received a radio despatch |

from acting
Washington.
congratulation and good wishes. The
point is that we replied to the message
and received an answer in return within

Secretary Roosevelt at

three minutes after the sending of the}

initial radio communication This oc-
curred just off Cape Sable, about twenty
miles to the south, I think.

“It had been intended to make only

a brief stop at Halifax and continue}

our flight, reaching Trepassey this eve-
ning, by taking advantage of the moon-

light for night flying. This would have}

been quite possible if we had been able
to make as early a start from Chatham

Continued on Second Page.

There |

The message was one of)

Advices from Trepassey indicate that
the 1 and 3 would have started late this
| afternoon—were all set and ready in
fact—when there came a report of for
and the start was postponed. There is a
full moon to-night. All conditions being
avorable the NC-4 may hop to Trepassey
in time to join the others, and all three
be winging on their great adventure to-
morrow night,

The men of the NC-4, spent by their
efforts to catch up with their more for-
tunate companions, were confident to-
night that their streak of bad luck was
broken with the record seaplane flight
of 340 nautical miles in less than four
hours.

Word reached here to-day that both
Hawker and Raynham, the British
filers, do not consider weather conditions
at sea suitable for their 2,000 mile flir.:t
to the British Isles. They are anxious,
however, to take advantage of the full

moon, sO may make the attempt to-
morrow or next day.

Elated at High Speed.

Flying at the rate of eighty-six knots,
equivalent to ninety-nine land miles an
hour, the naval seaplane NC-4 to-day
shortened the gap separating her from
her sister planes at Trepassey, N. F., by
840 nautical miles. The big flying boat
dropped onto the waves of Halifax har-
bor at 2:05 P. M. after a dash from

Chatham, at the elbow of Capa Cod,
Mass., in three hours and fifty-one
minutes.

Lieutenant-Commander A. C. Read
and his five companions, although dis
appointed in the hope of rejoining their

comrades in the great transatlantic
venture by nightfall, because of the late
start made from Chatham, were de-

lighted with the speed their big plane
aided bY a brisk southwesterly wind,
had made. They feel that their seaplane
now intends to make up for her poor
showing on the day of the filght from
Rockaway to Halifax, when engine trou-
ble compelled them to land and spend a

 

night on the ocean before making
Chatham,

The chief reason why the NC-4 did
;not continue to Trepassey Bay, Com
mander Read sald, was that he feared
j} to make a night landing in unfamillar

waters. The distance to Trepassey from
here is 460 nautical miles, The other
seaplanes made the trip in seven hours
so that if Commander Read had ordered
the flight continued the seaplane's pilots
would have been faced with the difficulty

jor attempting to land at nine o'clock at
j} night, possibly {in a rough sea under an
|} overcast sky. The danger to the plane—
|for the commander and crew fear dan-

| Ret to their craft more than they do to

themselves-—would be too great
{

Start at Sunrise Planned.

While aproving thelr commander's de-
| cision the rest of the crew were fiercely
| eager to get their seaplane to Newfound
{land before the start on the big lap
The start at sunrise is planned, and wil!
be made unless severe weather cond

tions prevent. Commander Read and his
crew realize that the start from Tre
ore will be made on the first favor
able day, possibly to-morrow, whether
they arrive or not, so they are willing to
|} face almost any weather conditions tn
catching up

The speed with which the N(.4
travelled from Chathain surprised jot
only the people of the city, but also

the naval authorities, althougn the latter
were in wireless communication with
the speeding plane. The first Latimation
the city people had of her coming wads
the hum of her engines. Just after 2?
o'clock the deep hum in the air was
connected with a black speck in the

 

air over the Camperdown wireless sta-
tion, The speck spread rapidly into
the outline of the plane and in an in-
stant, or go it seemed to the watchers
the plane was racing over the white
capped waters of the harbor. Keeping
close to the western shore the plane
; seemed like a seagull coasting with mo-
jtionless wings with sharp eyes wateh
ing for prey in the waters beneat!. Tugs
motorboats and smal! craft, as if

sore

To Ree ee:

ede seas me

SRS

ih an ng ~ lied
ane aes oes
eee

See