NO; (0,

\ OL, LXXIIL —
PRINCE AT THE HORSE SHOW.

GREAT FIRST NIGHT CROWD OUT
FOR A LOOK AT HIM,
Luncheon at the Chamber
merce and Visite the Cotton Bachange
then Takes a Trip Up the Mast fitver
Nerore He Began ils Byening ‘Tour.

‘oie
Has of A’on

gq record breaking crowd for a first night

fille
d from the impatient glance -
ves reserved far Prince Louis
ty it was easy to see that the royal vinivor

ca
fi

and his

pul ,
wan (he attraction,
It was half pase @ when the Prince arriys d
fem the Coney Island jollificatton, The
party entered from the Twenty-seventh
ye
atreel sl
the four boxes at the \
of the Garden,

As the Prince entered the band struck

» national anthem, the « rowd rose to

ladison avenue end

  
  

'

 

up | :
its and cheers and handelapping
drowned the thud of the horses' hoofs on

thetanbark, ‘There was a quick rush along

crowded promenade as the

 

 

the already

crowd surged toward the flag drape 1 hoxes,
and for a moment it Jooked as though the
crush mieht he dangerous The police
kept the inass moving, however, and soon
ihe people were cycling sterdily atout
the ring ger to complete the cireuit and
get anothet glimpse of the di tinwuished
giiest

fhe Prince stood until the band ceased

When he sat down he gave little

playing
heed to that part of the show which New |
Yorkers think most worth while, but

hedwith interest the work of the horses

wali

Judging of the harness tandems was
going on when the Prince entered, He
seemed as eager as a boy and it Was evideat
from his lively comment to his companio:
in the box that the Prince knew the points
of a horse as well as a battleship, The

handsome pairs of roadsters that wereshown

after the tandems drew hearty applause
from the Prince

the Prince sat Mrs. Robley D. |
Evans and Mrs. Robert M ‘Thompson.

The party entered in the following or ler

Seside

   

|
|
\

 

 

the Prince with Mrs. Evans, Rear Admiral

Evans and Mrs. R. M. Thompson, Rear |

Admiral C. H. Davis and Mrs. Frederick |

Dent Grant, Rear Admiral Willard H.

Brownson and Mrs. J. West Roosevelt, |

Gen. Grant and Mrs, Brownson |
CIRCUIT OF THE SHOW RING,

After the judging of the roudsters was
finished the Prince and those nearest him
in the boxes left their seats and made the
cirenit of the promenade ihe Prince
walked bareheaded, ushing his way

 

democratic
He stopped

through the crowd in the m
way and returning all salutes

   
  

   

a moment at J. b. Widener’ x to speak
to one of his officers, and puused several
times in his walk to greet the officers of
the squadron, many of whom were in the,
Garden '
Perhaps the horses were kept trotting
around the tanbark ring, but it is safe to
say that nobody except the judges saw them
while the Prince was on the floor HH
progress around the Garden was a veritable
triumph; the cheers and handclappinggrew
and grew, until the band caught the infection

and played all the English, Seotch and Trish
airs it knew.

After the walk around the Garden the
Prince returned to his box to take leave ot
the party, and was then escorted to tli

 

Twer seventh street entrance, where
R. A. C. Smith's automobile was waiting
The Prince before leaving said: “[ never
raw anything like it in my life. There is
nothing like it in Europe. It was perfec tly
beautiful and I was delighted. [| am so

pleased with the show that I shall take the
first afternoon I have off and take another
look at the horses.”

A large crowd gathered in the
and waited patiently for the appearance of
the Prince, There was no cheering when
he appeared, but the curious crowded so
closely about the auto that the four mounted
policemen on guard had their work cut out
to clear a path.

The Prince was ¢ ccompanied in the auto-
mobile by Admirak Evans and Col. Thomp-
fon. Onthe front seat with the driver sat a
sailor with his arms full of flowers. He
didi't look the least bit at ease and blushed
at the remarks of the crowd.

Detectives Woolridge and Funston es-
corted the Prince in another auto. They
said that the trip up from Coney Island was
made in forty minutes, shattering all records
and speed laws.

From the Horse Show the Prince went to
the ball of the warrant officers on the Drake
and from there toa gambol of the Lambs’
Cinb at their house on West Forty-fourth
Breet

The Prince did not arrive at the club
until midnight. ‘There was a great turnout
of the members. Every actor of promi-
nence playing in the city was present. Two
hundred and seventy sat down to supper,
Prince Louis sitting between Fighting
Kob Evans and Clay M. Greene, the Shep-
herd of the club. There were many officers

street

 

  

 

from both the British and American fleets |

present.

After the supper every one adjourned
to the clibhouse theatre to watch the
Lamis gamtol. De Wolf Hopper
William Danforth sang a duet from “Happy-
land” and this was followed by a skit by
Clay M. Greene, called “Two Houses of
Glass.” Then Victor Herbert played the
‘cello and Pete Dailey sang a song with a
chorus of male stars, including Joseph
Wheelock and Raymond Hitchcock.

VISIT TO THE COTTON EXCHANGE,

Prince Louis's afternoon engagements
included a reception at the Cotton Exchange
and a luncheon and reception by the Cham-
ber of Commerce, which was followed by a
sail up the East River on the harbor super-
Visors’ tug Vigilant. He went as far as Hell
Gate and then was landed at the foot of
Thirty-ninth street, Brooklyn, where he
took a special electric train to the sailors’
blowout at Coney Island.

The reception at the Cotton Exchange
Was somewhat of an impromptu affair.
The president on Saturday wrote to Prince
Louis asking if he could not come to the
exchange for a few minutes before he went
to the Chamber of Commerce. It was not

until 10 o'clock yesterday morning that a |

reply that he would come was rec@ived.
The committee in charge hurried around
and got a lot of flags to decorate the board
room. The Prince arrived shortly after 12
o'clock with Morris K. Jesup, president of

the Chamber of Commerce, in the latter's |

carriage.

They were met at the entrance to the
board room by Walter C. Hubbard, the
President of the exchange, and by a com-
mittee of several qf the ex-presidents All

business on the floor was suspended at once

   

1 Madison Square Garden last might, |
it at the j

le and mado their way dire tly to |

and |

 

| and the brokers set

at the north end of the room and introduced
by Mr Hubbard. Prince Louis replied
briefly and shook hands with a few of those

nearest him,
his engagement
meree

at the Chamber of Com-

LUNCHEON AT THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE,
It was nearly half-past 12 o'clock when
lane

| avvived at the Chamber of Commerce
j with Mr. desaup. About a score of men had

j been invited
reception at 2

coded the formal
Aimong those invited were Admirals Coghlan
Higgins, Capt. Parqubhar, Sir

to

o'vlock,

and byans, Goy

++NEW YORI,
up a rousing cheor. |

| Prince Louis was escorted to a rostrum |

Then he hurried out to keep |

the luncheon which pre |

TUESDAY,

NAVY MEN AT’ GONBY ISLAND,
| BLUEJACKETS OF novn FLEETS

 

\
|
| ay
| Prince Lous and Bob Kyvans Cheered by
| 2.600 Men—Little Girt Brings Them
Viowers and Is Kissed by Kaeh
Beer Good Knough for the Prince,

The dinner and beer fest of the United
States bluejackets and marines to their
visiting brethren of the British squadron
was brought off according to schedule at

Perey Sanderson, Joseph H. Choate, Andrew | Stauch's Pavilion, Coney Island, last night.

| Carneytie, Alexander E.

Ulises, J. Pierpont
| Sir Caspar Purdon Clarke, Jacob H. Schill,
{ Paul Morton and Clement A. Griscom,

By 2 o'clock the assembly room of the
Chamber contained nearly 1,000 members
and t} friends. Back of the rostrum
was the Pritish coat of arms entwined with
Pnglish a At 20 minutes
past 2 o'clock the luncheon party came on
the floor, Mr. Jesup escorting Prince Louis.

A round of applause went up immediately,
and Prince Louis siuared himself and bowed
slightly as he looked about the room. Then

Orr, Cornelius

eur

nd American tags,

 

he Was escorted to the rostrum, THe stood
on President Jesup's right: and Gov. Higgins |
stood on the lett.

tood

President Jesup welcomned the Prince
on behalf of the Chamber, and then ad- |
dressed the Prince directly, recalling the

pleasure it had given to wdelegation from
the Chamber
by King kdward in 1901

(ILE PRINCE'S SUELCH,
In reply Prince Louis, who spoke with
great deliberation, uoted) from = Ambas-

sador Reid's first address in London, when
Mr. Reid said that bet ween
he two countries had become so thoroughly
cordial that it seemed scarcely worth while
mut therm. He
“The friendship was there and it had come

the relations

to talk aby said;
to stay.’
The Prinee aroused applause by saying

that only three days ago he received a per-

sonal jeiver from jing Edward in which
| the King said
“You have now arrived in the United

States, and £ shall watch your proceedings
with great inte 1 am conficent that you

will be successful,”

 

      

 

N, |
Morgan, Bishop Greer, |

The history of the two navies records
nothing like it. Twenty-six hundred sail-
ormen and 100 of their officers sat down
| to supper in one big hall, ‘The whole 2,700
| were moved, at times, to rise and bellow

for anybody and everybody in husky sea

voices, College rooting, national conven-
| tions and Jerome meetings retire and take

' a back seat when compared to the cheering |

of the British and American squadrons on
|) pleasure bent.
Coney has seen many a sight, but never

NOVEMBER

|

14,

      

 

U.S. CRUISER NOT TO CRONST

 

Denial of Report of the Destination of the
Minneapotis.

Speelal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

LONDON, Novy, 13.—It is reported that the
United States cruiser Minneapolis has
been ordered to proceed to Cronstadt,

WASHINGTON, Noy, 13,—In connection
with the report that the United States
cruiser Minneapolis had been ordered to
Cronstadt, it was explained by an officer
of the Navy Department this evening that
the Minneapolis had vailed from Lisbon
yesterday for Cherbourg, France, under
orders which practically place her at the
disposal of Rear Admiral Colby M, Chester,
superintendent of the Naval Observatory
in Washington, who had requested the per-
mission of the Navy Department to cruise
on the vessel in northern European waters
for the purpose of visiting naval observa-
tories in that part of the world.

Admiral Chester and a party of scientists
from the Naval Observatory here have
been in Africa observing the solar eclipse,
They were to return to America on the

| Minneapolis, but it was said that this inten-
} tion had been changed at the request of
| Admiral Chester, who desired to use the

vessel for the cruise in northern European |

a sight like that “hands across the sea”
blowout last night. It was in its zenith |
when TH SuN went to press. About the |

time when this paper is on the breakfast

‘The entire assemblage | table it will be in its dying fall.

of Commerce to be received | dale

THEEE
To legin at the beginning the hosts and
guests were carried down North River on
three [ron Steamboat Company vessels
the Isabel, the John Sylvester and the Rose-
Those happy good conduct sailors
. who were privileged to go assem)led on
the Maine and the Alabama; and to these

HARBOR, KOATS FOR THE CROWD.

' | etween

It was declared hy the official
mentioned that there was no
the orders to the Minneapolis
and the political situation in Russia, and so
far as the Department knew Admiral
Chester's only intention was to use the

Minneapolis for the purpose stated in his

waters,

| request.

the steam leunches of the British squadron |
brought the tars who had been told off for |

shore entertainment. The Sylvester and
the Isalel tied up alongside the Ala’ ama,
and the tig Rosedale attended to the output
of the Maine.

At 3 o0’clock five or six hundred American
tLinejackets and marines from several ves-
sels lined up aft the turrets on the Alabaina,
the officers of that craft keeping them in
order.
ning in anticipation, On the after bridge
stood a signalman who had dallied too much
with rum on shore leave and had to stay
a! oard for #unishment.

Every time the ofticer of the deck turned
his Lack this signalirnan raised his arms

Then he spoke of what he called some | and wigwagsed derisive remarks in the in-
“curious tinks” between the two countries, | ternational code. The good conduct squad
one being that with Bricons and Americans ) thum’ ed their noses at him or made wings
in the same room one could sing “God | with their hands beside their ears,

Save the King” and the other could sing The officer of the deck turned and caught
“God Bless Our Naiive Land,” and “both | them at it. A thousand hands dropped

be singing the sar the same time.”
He added that,
self and his fleet, “but

of those left behind on the
of the Atlantic,” he hoped there would
herchrongh the navy or

ne tube a

rweaking not only

for th

 

gremt body

all other side
he
giventoPnagland, ei
}

    

  

ome olher representackye ho iy, an oppor-
tunity “to retiirn some small part of your
geeat hos pitaliiv.” He then said that when
he returned home he would give a personal
tcf the meeting to King Edward, and
Would es ialiv make mention of the beau-
ifal building of the Chamber of Commerce,
At the close of his speech the Prince
descended to the floor of
shook hands with those present. Secretary
Wilson of the Chamber made the introduc-
tions. ‘he members passed by at the rate
of abou a minute and Prince Louis
enlivened the introductions with many |
» remarks in addition to “I am pleased
to meet vou,”
After an hour had elatsed the Prince
the Vigilant was

drove to Pier 1, Where

Louis and Admiral Evans

Waiting. Prince

boarded her. The harbor police turned
out Guickly and kept the crowd which ran
after the Prince in bounds, and the tug

steamed around the Battery and up the East

River.

DINNER TO PRINCE ALEXANDER,

Mr. ond Mrs. John BR. Drexel to Motertain

Him ‘Posnight.
Mr, and Mrs. John R. Drexel of 1 East
Sixtv-second street, who have as their |

hotlse ¢
erg, Walter Beaupre Townley, Counsellor
of the British Em! assy, and Lady Susan
Townley and Mrs. Lawrence Townsend,
wife of the American Minister to Belgium,
will dive a dinner to-night in honor of Prince
Alfred Alexander,

Mrs. Astor will give a dinner on Friday
night in honor of Prince Louis of Batten-

berg.

ELVIDGE REINSTATED,

|

| Sante

| He Is the Chauifeur Who Drove His Ma-
| ohine in Front of the Prestdent’s Carriage.

| Wasuinaton, Noy, 13,--Walver Elvidge,
ithe chauffeur of the Bureau of Standards,

who was dismissed some weeks ago on a |

| charge of misconduct that came under the
personal observation of President Roose-

velt, has been reinstated by order of the |

| President. Elvidge was dismissed under
! the Executive order giving the President
| and heads of departments the power to
remove government employees summarily
without ahearing. The misconduct charge
| against the chauffeur consisted of driving
| hismachine in such a manner as to interfere
| with the passage along the highway of the
President's carriage.
| It is explained officially that the exercise
| of leniency in the case was due to Elvidge's
! record in the Philippines, where he served
/ with the Thirteenth Minnesota during the
insurrection; to the fact that his father was
a veteran of the civil war, and to the addi-
| tional fact that his wife is an invalid. In
| directing the reinstatement
| the President made it clear that the cause
! of his dismissal was sufficient, but that,
}

| deal harshly with him,
|

ELKINS LAW SUIT BEGUN.

| Government Atleges Discrimination
| Favor of the Pabst Brewery.
| Minwavuken, Wis., Nov, 13,—Charging

 

 

 

 

l that through the Milwaukee Refrigerator |

| Transit Company the Pabst Brewing
! Company has been receiving illegal rebate.

| ftom railroads, in violation of the Elkins |

law, a petition for an injunction was filed

to-day in the United States Cireuit Court
| by the Government, \

The defendants are: The Pabst Brewing
Company; the Milwaukee Refrigerator
Transit Company, and these railroads:
| tere Marquette, Missouri, Kansas and
| Texas, Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific,
| St, Louis and San Francisco, Wisconsin Cen-
| tral, and Chicago and Alton,

 

 

|
/ and 500 smiles were ironed out.

 

for him- | of the deck played the good fellow. He
observed something which needed his

attention on shore.
The white capped British sailors of the

Bedford rolled aboard from. their launches
Because they were going to have a good
time they looked sad and depressed, The

| officers of the Alabama steered the squads

|

' aboard,” he said,

guests Prince Alexander of Batten- |

of Elvidge |

in the circumstances, he did not desire to |

In|

The petition |
\ is signed by United States District Attor- |

and breathed deep relief. It
yw up to the petty officers.
BREAKING THE ICE,

At first the British tars and his Majesty's

steamers

Wis ft

room and | fotties stood aloof and regarded the shore

line. Then Sergt. Robitaille of the Marine

Corps, who has had the affair very much
on his mind, began to circulate with cigars
“Take all you want, boys; plenty tore

American tars walked up to the British, as
they had seen their officers do, and said:
“i'm of the Massachusetts” or
“Tm of the Alabama.” Things
loos The men of the Bedford
tucked themselves into the cahins, for it
afternoon and swapped sia}
the tars of the North Atiantic
} squadron. Your man-o'-wa:'’s-man of to-
| day does not tell tales about wild nights at
sea or the way the good ship Bedford bucked
the hurrieane, nor vet of the wife in every
port. They on ratings, target

Jones
Smith
anedd Uy)
was a cold

talk with

converse

 

ANOTHER VELLOW JACK VICTIM,

Spaniard Dies at Havana How the Disease |

Got a Start,
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN
HAvana, Nov. 13.-—-The question of lrow
yellow fever started here recently has
caused some discussion,
ion seems to be that a case of the disease
was introduced from some infected port,

| either through Havana or some other port

Every man jack of them was grin- |

of the island.

The port doctors here say it may have
been due to a case that arrived on the
steamer Vigilancia from Mexico on October
17, a mosquito having escaped from Las
Animas Hospital, where the patient was
taken. Another theory is that the dis
was conveyed by mosquitoes that came
here in a case of goods from New Orleans,
Some hold that the mosquito is not the
only means of spreading the dissase, as
the cases here oecurred in different parts

sh

 

| of the city.

The officer }

ease to-day, the victim being

from the dis-

a Spaniard,
hus far there have six of

yellow fever and two deaths from the dis-

ease.

There was another death

Leen cases

QUARANTINE AGAINST HAVANA,

It Appiles to Atl Guif Ports and to All
Atlantic Ports South of Maryland,

WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.—In view of the

+r. HIGGINS AND ODELL MEET,

connection |

 

DISCOVER THAT NEITHER HAS A
CANDIDATE FOR SPEAKER,

 

Odell Men Boast That the Deal With Hearst
Has Split Tammany Hall, While Other
Republicans Retort That It Has Split
the Republican Vote All to Pieces.

Gov. Higgins had a two minute talk with
Chairman Odell of the Republican State
committee at the Albemarle Hotel yesterday
afternoon.

“Who's your candidate for speaker, Gov-
ernor?" inquired Mr. Odell.

“T haven't any candidate,” replied Gov.
Higgins, “who's yours?”

“T haven’t any,either,” replied Mr. Odell.

That ended the conversation between
the Governor and the ex-Governor, Cov,
Higgins was just about to start to attend
the luncheon in honor of Prince Louis of
Battenberg. Mayle he will see Mr, Odell
again before he returns to Albany at mid-
night to-night.

Gov. Higgins had a talk with Assembly-
man S. Percy Hooker of Genesee county.
Mr. Hooker has been mentioned for the
Speakership. Gov. Higgins spoke after-
ward in high terms of Mr. Hooker, but by

| no inkling did the Governor let it be known

The general opin- |

who he favors for Speaker, Without doubt
a pretty stiff contest is ahead on this matter.
Gov. Higgins also had an interesting con-
yersation with ex-Supreme Court Justice
William N. Cohen. Later on Gov. Higgins’s
friends were inclined to believe that on
January the is to designate Supreme Court
Justice Edward Patterson for another

term of five years on the Appellate Division |

of the First department. Gov. Higgins
is to be rather busy to-day and expects
to see a number of local Republicans, among

them Representative William 4S. Bennet.

| Gov. Higgins had little or nothing to say

) can

concerning the condition of the Republican
party below the Bronx line as represented
by the result on election day. “I'm not a

| politician, you know,” saidthe Governor,

Sun.

 

1905,— Conuright, 1905, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association

 

WESTERN UNION BLAZE,

Started on Fourth Floor of Telegraph
Hullding on Broadway—Soon Put Out.

A fire in the Western Union Telegraph
Building, at Broadway and Dey atreet, last
night threatened to do serious damage to
both the building and the company’s wires,
The prompt work of the Fire Department,
with Chief Croker directing, averted the
danger.

The fire originated on the fourth floor in
a room in which are stored a number of
letter files belonging to the American Dis-
trict Telegraph Company of New Jersey.
Edward Dwyer, the watchman of the build-
ing, was running past the floor in the eleva-
tor when he noticed that the halls were
choked with smoke. Instead of stopping
his car and investigating, he ran the car
down to the ground floor and rushing ou
into the street pulled the fire alarm on the
corner.

Chief Croker came down from Great
Jones street in record time, arriving soon
after the first engine.

After a couple of streams had been turned
on the blaze it was soon extinguished. The
cause of the fire was not discovered.

AGAIN THREATENING,

 

CHINESE

 

Protestants Ordered From
Where Missionaries Were Killed.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Honaxona, Novy, 18,—All the Protestants
at Lienchau, the scene of the recent murders
of American missionaries, have been ordered
to places of safety, owing to the continued
display of anti-foreign feeling by the un-
converted natives. It is stated tha! the
Hritish Minister has protested against the
neglect shown by the Chinese officials in
dealing with the outrages.

The Americans here hope that the events
at Lienchau will lead to the supersession

All

   

| of the auti-foreign viceroy and the removal

of the boyeott against American gooods,

 

NORWAY WANTS PRINCE CHARLES

| Big Majority of Votes Cast in Favor of

Chaimnan Odell spent a good part of his |

time at State headquarters in the Fifth
Avenne Hotel. He didn’t care to say any-
thing about the local situation, either, ex-
cept that it was apparent that MeClellan
got a good many Repubiican votes. Mr.
Odeli’s friends attempted to justify his
dea) with the Hearst people on Assembly-
men and Aldermen in the recent campaign.

time because of the demand of important
Republicans that William Halpin be super-

Calling Him to Rule,
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun.
Ciiasryanta, Nov. 18.—The plebiscite to
place on record the wishes of the Nor-
wegian people as to the candidacy of Prince
Charles of Denmark for the throne of Nor-
way began vesterday and continued to-day,
In eighty-one districts 29,443 votes were
cast for Prince Charles and 6,806 against

‘ 7 ~. | him
They said that they spoke up for himatthis |

seded as president of the New York Republi- |

county committee at the December
meeting. Mr. Odell'’s friends say that the
Odell-Hearst alliance had split Tammany
Hall and raised hob with the regular Demo-

‘patie vote below the city line, Odell getting |
cratic te belo yi ie Bl aveniig:

in return nine Republican Assemblymen

| and control of the Board of Aldermen.

outbreak of yellow fever in Havana the |

a quarantine against that city. It applies

‘to all Gulf ports and to all Atlantic ports

| land.

The ice began to break. |

| Initteee

south of the southern boundary of Mary-
The Marine Hospital Service is
much concerned over the presence of yellow
jack in Cuba, the first that has occurred
for sume time, and the greatest precautions
will be taken to prevent its spread to. the
southern coast of the United States.

Yellow fever disappeared entirely from
Havana fora long time following the clean-
ing up of the city by the American authori-
ties in 1898, but it has been reported from
time to time that the system of sanitation
was becoming lax under the Cuban Gov-
ernment A few days ago Senator Cullom
of Illinois, chairman of the Senate Com-
on Foreign Relations, called on
the President, protesting that the health

| conditions in Cuba were gradually becoming

records, improved primers and the temper |

| of the old man

“Admiral's a proper fine chan,”
marine, twirling his sw i
no difference abott his rile blood, bim being
a rile person like. W'en we wanted a dance
at ’Alifax ’e give us the ship an’ come
an' daneed two dances.

“But Gimpy Evans is a serapper,” said a
proud American tar, Then an American
gunner’s mate said tactfully that the Prince
looked like he would be a wolf in a rumpus
apd an argument was thus averted,

The Isabel, on whic) all these things were
; happening, was tohave put inalongside the

Drake to take on her men, who had not

assembled with the others on the Alabama
und Maine. In midstream the captain of
| the Isabel defied the United States and
| British navies and refused to take any more
passengers aboard. The Isabel lay

said

a

  

     

men of the Drake, who stood in a blue and
white line along the end of the Cunard pier.
The Americans gathered on the lower deck
| and eursed the management.
“Say, why didn’t they send us on a wheel-
barrow?” said a Yankee yeoman.
| *But a wheelbarrow wouldn't go on the
| water,” replied a Royal Marine Infantry-
; man,
| A pretty little ship’s writer from the
Massachusetts collected a crowd in the
| cabin and began to sing. Americans hur-
ried up from every quarter of the ship,
‘They sang about Sweet Rosie O'Grady and
“Coney Island Down the Bay,” and then
they swung into some of the topical songs
of the American squadron which were not
made to put on paper. The British sat
open mouthed and admired the superior
| nerve and vivacity of the Americans, Here
| is one of the songs as sung by the ship's
| writer, with full chorus by the crew:
A BALLAD OF HOMECOMING,
hen you're round the Horn and the wind begins
to blow
| Lay aloft, you lubber, or overboard you go.
Wake up ‘in the morning and feeling mighty ih
Go down to the doctor and he gives you but a pill,
And $f you dle he doesn’t give a damn

Cause you're nothing but a rookie and belong to
j Unele Sam,

  

| w

CHORUS,

Home, boys, home, It's bome you ought to be,
Home, bovs, home, to the Land of Liberty.
Hist Old Glory to the topmost pole

And we'll all ship over -L don't think,

“And now let's hear you sing ‘Johnny
Bull!” roared the ship's writer. A big
Englishman was hauled forward by two
marines. In a husky barytone he sang
“The Midshipmite,” his shipmates of the
Bedford joining in with “Cheerily, my lads,
yo-ho” on the chorus, The whole English
and American delegation joined afterward
in “Under the Anheuser-Busch,” which the
British picked up at Halifax.

DYMOCK AND CANN HEROES.

Thore are two popular men on the Bed-

néow—Dymock, the commander's

 

 

 

 

| ney Henry K. Butterfield, | ford a
! —_—_ -_—_—_-—-e oo
‘anhi . >
| For Albany, Utica, Syracuse, Rochester, Buf- Continued on Fourth Page.
Ningara cB » West, ave on | mae a

| falo, Siaaara Fas ade Mae Gabe kde fost, | Genuine Deerfeot Farm Sausages

1115 A. M.; 1:02, 1:00, 2:04, 8:80, 3:40, S142, 4:00, 4:30, | Are Never sold In bulk, but are always wrapped

5:20, 6:30, 6:00, 7:90, K:U0, 0:20, 0:80, 11,90 P.M, Gan | in parenment paper With the pame printed in red
| you do better? side. ink, Beware of Imitatlons,—Ade,

CO Flee
waiting for the big Rosedale to pick up the | Such
equivalent

worse and that the terms of the Platt amend-
ment were being violated, '

LAST CHANCE FOR THE SULTAN,
Powers to Notify Him of the Plans for
Blockading the Dardanelles.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun,

LoNpDON, Nov. 4.-The Standard says
that the details of the international naval
demonstration against Turkey have been
practically settled, but before any move
is made the Sultan will be notified of the
preparations in the hope that they will
induce him to vield. If he remains ob-
durate the Dardanelles will be blockaded,
but according to international Usage each
Power will only be able to prevent its own
ships fromentering. Consequently Swedish,
Norwegian and Dutch vessels will not be
stopped.

The opinion is growing in diplomatic
circles that the Sultan may resort to force
rather than resign his financial control
of Macedonia, which the Powers demand.
a resignation eventually would be
to the abolition of Turkish
sovereignty.

 

MISS ROOSEVELT AT THEATRE,
Goes With Douglas Robinson, Who Loses
and Finds a Pearl stud,

Miss Alice Roosevelt, with her uncle,
Douglas Robinson, and a party of friends
saw “Wonderland” at the Majestic Theatre
last night. ‘They were in a box, and with
them were Mr. and Mra. Cornelius Vander-
bilt and Congressman Nicholas Long worth.
Miss Roosevelt and her friends arrived at
the theatre late, but they had not been
there long when the audience knew the
President's daughter was in the house,

On the way to the theatre str, Robinson
Jost a pearl stud. He discovered his loss
soon after he dismissed the electric cab that
brought him to the theatre. He notified
Manager Flaherty of the theatre of his loss
anda search of the box and the aisle leading
to it was made. When the stud wasn't to
be found in the theatre it was sugsesied
to Mr. Robinson that he might have dropped
it in the automobile,

He telephoned to the garage where the

' automobile had been hired and asked that

it be sent back to the theatre at once. Mr.
Robinson did not tell why he wanted the
automobile returned, When it arrived

| Secretary of the Treasury to-day declared |
over the pangplank on to the passenger | y of the Treasury to-day declare

Ot er Republicans more eminent in the
party than Mr. Odell said that the Odell-
Hearst alliance had brought reproach upon

‘the party and had split the Republican

| McClellan

vote below the city line all to pieces. These
Republicans went on to say that of their
own knowledge Odell leaders in the New
York Republican county organization, as
well as Odell leaders in the boroughs of
Brooklyn and Queens, worked openly for
Hearst on election day, and bad thus put
a blot upon the party which it would not
get rid of down this way in years.

Take, for instance, the First district of
Brooklyn; for the first time in its history
it was carried by a Democrat. Mayor
McClellan led the poll. In all of the strong
Brooklyn  Kepublican districts Mayor
ran way ahead, Jn the Nine-
teenth, Twenty-first, ‘I'wenty-fifth and
Twenty-ninth districts in New York county
Mayor McClellan's vote was tremendous,

The returns will not be complete for
three or four days, but the majority for a
monarchy certainly will be nearly four to
one. Republican sentiment is s(rongest
in the interior of the northern districts,

while the south, including the capital, is |

overwhelmingly in favor of a monarchy,
A demonstration is going on here this
Many ill minated portraits of
Prince Charles and Princess Maud are dis-

 

played. They evoke much cheering.
GRAF WALDERSEE FLOATS.

Expeots to Sail This Morning, Reloaded,
for Hamburg.

The Hamburg-American liner Graf Wal-
dersee, which in avoiding a tow coming out
of the Kill van Kull before dawn on Satur-
day jot stuck in the mud of Red Hook
flats was floated at high tide yesterday

morning and towed to deep water off Liberty |

Island. The work of restowing the 3,000

‘tons of cargo that had been lightered was

and all five of these districts are notable ,

Republican ones. Republicans not accus-
tomed to saying sharp things declared that
in their judgment the Odell-Hearst alliance
had put the Republican party below the
Bronx in a perfectly odious position.

4epublicans close to Mr, Odell had some- |

thing to say last night at the Fifth Avenue
Hotel concerning the contest which William
R. Hearst is now putting up. They did not
hesitate to say that in their opinion Mayor
McClellan had a clear plurality of 4,000,

but that they were in hearty sympathy |
with the Hearst contest because, as they |

| put it, “it would bore a hole in Tammany

froin which Tammany would not recover
in ten years.” In other words, as they
understood it, the Hearst contest is to be
prosecuted vigorously, in the hope not so
much of seating Hearst as of heating the
pitch with which to tar up Tammany in
future campaigns.

Mr. Odell declined to explain why William
Halpin, his president of the New York
county Republican committee, had di-
rected all of the Assembly district leaders
to turn in the names of all Republican
watchers on election day, together with
the character of the void and_ protested
votes in the various districts. That cir-

' Cloud and

cular which Mr. Odell directed Mr, Halpin |

to send to the district leaders has, it was
learned, caused all sorts of unfavorable
comment.
cular has not received the slightest mention
from any Republican newspaper of the
machine stripe.

This circular and the Odell-Hearst alli-
ance led one of the most eminent Republi-

It was remarked that this cir- | to

cans in the State to remark: “Odell bungled |

the whole thing from the start to the finish.
His idea of the matter was crude in its in-
ception and almost brutal in its execution:

| GERMANY

| It was brutal for the reason that a stain has |

been put upon the Kepublican party of New

| York city which the gain of nine Avsembly-
men and control of the Board of Aldermen |

cannot Wipe out.
his course in the matter of the Odell-Hearst
alliance for the reason that Republicans be-
lieve in fighting their political battles on
principle and not for the purpose of serving
the political exigencies of any of iis so-called
leaders. We believe in principles and not

| in expediencies.”

| he found his missing pearl on the floor of |
| the machine,

 

ALFRED J. BOULTON TO

 

Regliter-Eleet of Brooklyn and Miss Frans
ess Schroeder to Be Starried.

Alfred J, Boulton, the well known labor
leader, who was the successful candidate
for Regivter in Brooklyn on the Municipal
Ownership ticket at the recent election,
is to be married to Miss Frances Schroeder
on November 22. ‘lhe ceremony will take
place at the home of the bride's mother,
Mrs. Frederick A. Schroeder, widow of
Frederick A. Schroeder, a former Mayor
of Brooklyn.

Mr. Boulton and Miss Schroeder have
been for some time fellow workers in reform
movements. Their engagement was an-
nounced two months ago.

os

Insist upon having Burnett's Vantlla.—Ade,

 

WED.

 

 

NEGROES TURN LYNCTIERS,

Atlanta Mob Has White Man Ready
String Up When Pollee Rescue Ein,

to

ATLANTA, Ga,, Nov. 13.- An alleged at-
tempt to criminally assault lua Beavers,
a six-year-old noiro girl, so infuriated the
negroes in the Darktown section of Atlanta
this afternoon that J. Z, Justice, a white
man, came near being lynched, When a
police detail arri ved they found Justice in
the hands of a mob of 500 blacks and
preparations in progress for lynching.

The police rescued Justice, and it was
proved that he had no connection with the
alleged > ssault.

‘Voast the brilliant beauty of your lady In 4 brim-
ming, sparkling bumper of Gold Seal Cham-
Pagne. Equals French wine at half cost,—Ade,

 

 

Mr. Odell cannot justuty |

begun immediately.
the German mathematicians of the Jine that
the last of the cargo would be aboard before
dawn to-day and that the big ship would be
able to sail at high water between 8 and
9 o'clock this morning. Peter Hartwig,
the pilot who had charge of her when she
got into trouble, was relieved pending an
investigation by the Pilot Commissioners,
and she will be taken out by Pilot William
A. Barry. Divers found her in perfect
condition befow the water line.

“LUCKY BALDWIN" NEARLY BLIND |

Famous Horseman tn) San Francisco Hose
pital for Treatment.

San FRANCISCO, Nov, 13.--E.J. Baldwin,
the octogenarian winner of fame as “Lucky
Baldwin,” is at Lane Hospital under treat-
ment to avoid total blindness,

Baldwin has had a picturesque career
and now hasa stable of horses at Oak-
land track. He has won more American

Derbys than any other breederin the coun- |

try, Emperor of Norfolk, Volante, Silver
Rey el Santa Anita carrying
the black, maltese cross to victory.

Baldwin has owned many famous race-
horses in his day and is still breeding on an
extensive scale,

 

CONSUMPTION CAMP FOR POOR.

Woman Donates Land and Will
Maintain Institutton,

Cuicaco, Nov. 13,—The most complete
tuberculosis camp in the country is to
be esablished near Blue Island by Mrs,
Edward L, Gaylord, who has donated 160
acres, and will supply the funds necessary
equip and maintain the settlement.
The camp is for the poor only.

Mrs. Gaylord is the widow of Edward L,
Gaylord of Chicago. The equipment
will cost about $5,000, not including pro-
vision for maintenance. The work will be

 

Chicago

under (he supervision of the Visiting Nurses’ |

Association.

 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1005.
Fair and much colder to-day and to-morrow;

Lienchau, |

| fluffiness and

It was estimated by |

brisk northwest winds.

 

 

eee

PRICE TWO CENTS,

HORSE SHOW UNDER SAIL,

ON PROSPEROUS
PRINCE LOUIS.

 

LAUNCHED
VOYAGE BY
First Day Honors in Heavy Harness Classes
Taken by Trotting Bred Entries—Wine
ners Mostly New Yorkers, but Boston,
Baltimore and Philadelphia Get a
Share of Ribbons--Hunters Have @
Stone Wall This Year That Must Boe
Taken Cleanly —Alfred and Reginald
Vanderbilt Rivals in Many Classes
—William if. Moore Also Figures as
a Whip—Awards to Thoroughbred
Saddie Horses and Statilons--Mra,
Gerken Seores With Four-ineHand
Team--Soclety Throngs Garden at
Night to Greet Offlosrs of the Fleet,

 

Admiral Prince Louis and many more
| quarterdeck lords under the Union Jack
| or the Stars and Stripes were at the launch-
| ing of the twenty-first annual Horse Show
‘last night. The British and American
| flags hung from (he midarch of Madison
' Square Garden high above tao horses
| prancing on the tanbark, and the special
| boxes forthe officers of the combined fleets
| were draped also in the dual flags. The
| admirals did not take command until late,
| but Landers, the perennial, had kept up
| the nautical spirit by the old sea songa
‘now and then, At “Nancy Lee” the prom-
| enaders on the circling walk were humming
| asa consequence, “Yeho, Jehu! Yeho, jehu!”
Miss Alice Roose vell Was also an attendant,
» and the cavalier plumes that nodded on her
' hat as she talked marked a feature of the
afternoon's costumes, for every second

woman wore a frond of feathers of equal
of all of colors, Of
quite as much distinction us a notable
visitor was William Waldorf Astor, Jr.,
for, although his comings and goings were
on the quiet, every one in society seemed
curious to see him, and, had the throng
been able to pick out the young scion of
the wealthiest family in Manhattan, it is
possible that the crowd would have turned
its collective backs on the titled sea dog~
but never on Miss Alice Roosevelt.

There were many empty boxes in the
morning, foreven the children were not on
| hand then, It may te that the little girls
| who used to come with their nurses are now
| débutantes, to attend in state at the later

sessions. There was the old time crush

in the afternoon, though, and with the turn-
ing on of the lights at night the outward
thronging of fashion and the casuals proved

ROTUS

more prosperous voyase.

In the arrival of the belles and matrons
| both in the afternoon and at night, there
' was again the cordon of eager women,
said to be on trade intent, to make per-
sonal notes of the details of every striking
costume, Tothe mere men the array of cos-
tumes was an added glory to the fine
faces and figures quite t eyond description,
but the persons out for business pointers
seemed to te jotting everything down
in itemized summaries. It might be haz-
arded that the care the women took to
wrap their shoulders in furs, while re-
gardless of the fleeciness and gauzy nature
of their attire otherwise, was really not the

| that the Horse Show was to sail still one
|
|
|

best way in the world to avoid colds, Also
that the women’s hats were all tilted, Not
| one of them before seiting out for the

Horse Show could have asked the time-
honored question, “Is my hat on straight?”
Society took a warm interest in the com-
ing of the sailors, but society is fickle, and
on Saturday the Army, in the persons of the
West Point cadets, will receive quite as
| warm a greeting when they make the an-
| nval visit to study cavalry chargers and the
town methods of flirtation—but the sailors
then will be bound for other ports and other
belles, perhaps. They will have to visit
many ports, one may say, to come across
another such a fine show of horses.

There was nothing of the sensational in
the day's judging to develop. Eben D. Jor-
dan won the Ljues in three classes, one with
ponies really owned by James Hobart
Moore, the Chicagoan, but in the afternoon
class for tandems his renowned Hildred and
Chestnut Pole were only fourth. Boston
was | eaten out for the |.lue by J. W. Harri-
man of New York, while Brooklyn men—
Jay F. Carlisle and Herbert L. Pratt-were
second and third.

teginald Vanderbilt drove in several of
the classes of the afternoon, looking very
workmanlike in gray sack suit, négligé shirt,
black four-in-hand tie with pearl pin, high

| turned down collar and black derby hat.
| The details are only to emphasize that the

TO KEEP KIAOCHAL, |

Troops to Be Withdrawn From the Town 1

of That Name, Not the Concession.
Speetal Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Beruin, Noy. 13.-The report that Ger-
many would restore Kiaochau
in January is explained to have had its

to China |

origin in the fact that Germany intends |

to withdraw her troops from the Chinese
town of Kiaochau, which is outside the
German sphere, although it was occupied
temporarily at the time of the Boxer
The withdrawal of the troops
was not instigated by Japanese pressure,

troubles,

‘as has been suggested,

 

—

MISS DE GOTCOURTA ILL.

Report Not Confirmed That
August Kelmont, Jr., WIN

A report from Hempstead that the
wedding of August Belmont, dJr., and Miss
Alice de Goicouria, set for November 29,
might be postponed because Miss De
Goicouria was ill with typhoid, was not
confirmed last night at the home of A.V.
de Goicouria, It was said that Miss De
Goieouria had been ill but was better.

Dewey's Sparkling Moselle and Burgundy
Are delightful Table Wines.
H. e Dewey & Sons Co.,, 188 Fulton St., New York.
Ade.

Marriage to
Be Put On.

 

exhibitors were more careless of their own
appointments than those of their horses,
for Alfred Vanderbilt in the same classes
wore a long gray paddock coat over a black
cutaway coat and rolled-up trousers, with @
silk hat. He had red and white pinks in the
coat lapel, but flowers otherwise, save @
huge yellow chrysanthemum on a gig
driver who was gent out very soon, were
quite ignored by the society whips.

Judge William H. Moore drove his own
entries, in black throughout and silk hat,
so that he might have stood up to address
a jury with perfect propriety, while J.
Campbell Thompson was also in frock coat
and silk hat when he drove King George to
a blue ribbon. In similar attire, too, was C.
W. Watson, the Baltimore amateur, who also
won a blue. but he wore a light brown over-
coat over the formal afternoon attire,

“Go as you please,” indeed, was the seem-
ing rule as to costume among the whipa—
and when in doubt to put on their church
clothes. The riders were more formal
than in other years, if to be faithful to
breeches, gaiters and coats cut properly
for the saddle, is to be regarded as a for-
mality. When not on the tanbark, the
young men thus attired frequented the
boardwalk or made calls in the boxes, giving
a country club air to the gathering that
was sporty and refreshing. At night,
whether exhibitors or onlookers, the men
were in evening dress The whips cov-
ered the spike coats then when on the box,
and the riders made quick changes in an
annex.

The stewards for the day were Thomas
Hitchcock, Jr., and George Peabody Wet-
more, and at night F. K. Sturgis, Col. De-
laney A. Kane, our earliest road coachman,
and ‘ Hitchcock, Jr. The night session

* was late in closing, and for the hour before

the scene was the one great carnival of
swells and the sightseers that is unrivalled
in the city’s round of sights.

Sightseers from distant cities and fron
the outlying boroughs were now at their
gleeful task of picking out social leaders
and celebrities of city life. The flaunting
younger sons of prominent families were

| Soe eee ae eee
The Man Who Prinks

Muir's Scotch Alc ts always ready for his dinner
appetizing, bealthful, pure.—Ade.

OAS ee rE ao ey ae te re een eee

SES

 
  

an BS 5

ae

ee

Tht pk p< steer:

ase

A I get greece mad)

Spc 5 na ond Sa

i
;

;
#
#
‘
}

Seee= 3.

oe

Fe

Sg
Gaede

“Se

cena eens.