NEW YORK, FR

 

“VoL. LXVIIL—NO, 24
———SS ——

IEARING FOR ROOSEVELT;

 

 

yicToR's ATTACK DENOUNCED BY
OTHER COLORADO TOWNS.

 

Governor's Knee Injured by a Kick in
Wednesday's Assault—Evidence That the
Riot Was Directed by Democratic Leadore
_Gov. Thomas and Others Denounced by
the Press and Endividuale—Leadville,
puedio and Other Cities Greet Roosevelt

teh fothustasm—Paid-For Interruptions.

Col, Sept. 27.—-There has been
ttle disposition on the part of the Democrats
‘t Colorado to renew to-day the organized
attack which was made on Gov. Roosevelt
at Victor vesterday. Once during a@ stop at
galida it was quite apparent that a part of
the audience was bent on misohief. They
ere boys from 16 to 20 years old. An in-
vestigation among them showed that they
had been hired by @ man named Thornton
to break up the meeting They caused nothing
7 ys than annoyance to the rest of

w

premio,

more ser!
the audience, because some points of the
6 But at Lead-

oches were lost by the nolse
vila, the very heart and centre of free silver
sentiment, a large crowd, thoroughly hostile in
cantiment to the financial policy represented
by Gov Roosevelt and the other speakers,
stood for an hour and forty minutes giving
the closest and most respectful attention to
he aperc hea
“ake attitude of the people of Teadville was
th by their newspaper, the Herald-Demo-
h until this morning has been throw-

spe

set for

crat, whic
ing all its influence to the Democratic ticket.
Toeday it told the whole story of the Victor

truthfully in its news columns and on
its editorial page printed an article headed
*colorado’s Burning Shame” At the top
and bottom of the article were deep black,
rning leads. The editor denounced Gov.
nd T M. Patterson, the leaders in the
attempt to down Senator Wolcott and the
National Republican ticket, and charged that
thomas and Patterson were directly respon-

outrage

mou
Thomas &

hor
bho for the Victor riot. He said that they
ought to be run out of State politics.

By common consent the reporter for Mr.
Patterson's newspaper was invited to leave
' » enecial train at Cafion City. His ejection
owed the receipt of a copy of his paper, in

{
which the riot was described and which was
an abaolutely scurrilous and untruthful at-

tack on Senator Wolcott, whose guest the re-
porter was on the train. It waa established
against the young man that he had acted as
the go-hetween for @ party of Teller county
Democrata at Cripple Creek, who asked at
least one of the reporters who representa a
large number of newspapers, “to come around
to the hotel before filing his despatches and
have a talk, because they thought they could
demonstrate to all the newspaper men that
there had been norlotat Victor.”

he newspaper man replied that the rtot
had taken place right under his eyes.

“All right,” said the emissary of the Teller
county men, “but we think we can change your
views of it if you will come around.”

His did not do so, and just what form the “ar-
ginents" of the Teller county committee
would have taken must be forever a mystery.
When Mr. Patterson's reporter was {informed
that his departure was desired he said meekiy
that he was very much obliged to the campaign
managers for not having put him off before,

The end of the Colorado tour has added to
Senator Wolcott's confidence that the State
will be carried for McKinley and Roosevelt.
He feels that the Republican organization {ts
getting back a sufficient number of the men
it lot in 1806 to shift the balance in its favor,
He freely admits that the silver sentiment fn the
Btate is etill strong and that a victory for
Bryan would have its consolations for
many who will not vote for the Ne
braskan, They will vote against him and
against their own honest convictions

, the ailver question simply because they can-
Set abide the issue which he has raised and
called paramount, The election of Bryan, in
the opinion of Colorado po. iticians, would put
him in @ position to win back all that he has lost

y pandering to the ailver sion which still
tL, the State in its hold. The silver Kepubli-
cans expect no financial concessions from Presi-
dent McKinley; they simply vote for him be-
cause they believe that the silver question can

wait, but that the question of retaining the
Philippines cannot.
Gen. Hale, who has made many speeches

for McKinley and Roosevelt on this trip, gave
the boldest expression to just three sentiments
on the platform at Leadville, He was a
lnided loudly when he advanced to speak.
jis declaration of his tare on the silver
jeation was cheered {fis repetition of Gov
Roosevelt's statement of the position of the
arty on the currency, question, was
I dead silence. His advocacy of the main-
tenance of the honor of the fee at home and
abroad was applauded and his fina! declaration
that he saw no way out of thedilemma than to
vote for McKinley was received with a stir and
fome appl P

*It'<a hell of mess, ain’tit, General?” shouted
acriv-bearded miner on the edge of the crowd,
acd then everybody laughed and applauded.
There could be no better illustration of the
conditic

As the campaigners of this train have seen
it. the voters are not sure of thelr own minds

“

    

 

The assault of the Democrats on Gov. Roose-
Vell vesterday was w@nerally viewed as a des-
perate attempt to start the line of fighting
against him bv making him ridiculous

Itfailed on theinstant. Five different men
before the meeting at Vietor was over, leapec
to the platform and announced that they in-
tended to vote the HKepubliean ticket and

inted everybody to know where they stood,
e at em. & man named Fouike, made
laration in these words: “I came into
«hall a Democrat; you low-lived dogs have
ea Republican of me, and I'm going to stay
jong as there is one of you In the Dem-
parts
‘eloped to-day that Gov. Roosevelt
ud not wot off from the rioters as easily as
onaht vesterdas In the flght some-
ivy kicked him on the knee, He considered
matter so slight that he did not mention
ind nobody else noticed it, To-day, how-
there was a Swelling over the kneecap
ut hurt him a good deal and required some

 

 

t

committees of Leadville Democrata came
nthe train when it arrived and conveyed
assurances to Gov Roosevelt that he
»tranted as the quest of the citv and
iticlan while he was with thein
hHiicans came down with a coach
four white horses and coyered with
‘age, a monnted escort of forty men,
200 Civil War veterans of North-
thern armies and Spanish war

{ three bands and drum corps

 
 
 
 
  
   

There were over 3,000 people about the stand
inthe publ lare
he Ciovernor was to epeak froma platform

 
 

taken |

tre ted six inches from the floor of the stand
He could net see the whole of the crowd fram |
tat platform and mounted the reporters’
bole instead He was cheered again and
sciin until he departed from his argument
fr expansion For the rest of the Republican
Patform there wae resne tful attention, with
6. eer for the candid ites whea he was through
1 M Stevenson, © quit Bryan in a public
ration three weeks ago, then made a speech
“ was received with enthusiasm. He
ti
The assanit on Gov Roosevelt and his party
 \ietor vesterday was in my opinion but part
Bric el of the plan of the Democtatic or-
Ran zat of this State and eupectally of the
! \ atte Committee of Teller county to
r ree speech in the mining camps
Interrupt i the speeches at Victor and
' as ling of -peakera was en-
raged by the position taken by Gov
mae f this State, when he wrote his dia-
cous and indecent letter to the Governor
\ tat rSt.te, the greatest State of the Union
ar “ son! n candidate for the se cond
dir at off nthe giitof the people. The
i ! of Gov. Thomas encouraged
rt Iresulted in the attack at Vietor.
‘Hak ie tocether with the writings of Thomas
\ Wterson, the editor of the Rocky Vountoin
\ of Denver, a Populist candidate for the
| States Senate to sueceed Senator Wol-
ore fruit in the attack on Gov. Roose
4 ! Vietor They encouraged the Cour
Viene An ists to make the assault.
an! nhetlee in the morning papers that Col.
in ye he is unwilling to belleve that any
{the peiple of Colorade would engage in sue
Nase lt Tt is true that every decent man

x Levery good citizen of thie State denounces
he ronduct of the rioters at Viewer, but it is

  

 

PPT PT Te NS ET ee EME Ey

Fa

eR, 8 6tud

a
ae ae

 

 

 

also true that the statement of this affair sent
out by the news associations is a correct
account of what occurred and Col. Bryan |s
mistaken when he says that it is not the
work of any political organizauon, use
{t was the work of the Democratio organiza-
tion of Teller county, encouraged by the men
i have named. I do not mean to aay that the
Democratic party la made up of the enemies
of law and order, that all mocrata are anar-
chiste, put f do say that all the forces which
make for disorder, lawlessness and anarchy
are to be found marching behind the Demo-
pre: © standard and that every man engaged
Raat riot at Victor will vote the Democratic
Gen Hale, Senator Lodge, Mr. Goudy, the
o date for Governor, and Col, Curtis Guild
also spoke, At the conclusion of the meeting
the vernor was Introduced to one Joe Hav.
den, who. he was informed was the author of
the melody known as a “Hot Time in the Old

own.” The Governor forgave him for the
sake of the war memories connected with the
song, and Mr. Havden escaped before any
others of this sorely tried campaign party
became aware of his presence.

Meetings were held at Granite, Buena Vista,

Salida, Cafion City and Florence, and to-night
three «reat meetings were held in the buay
little city of Pueblo. There was organized

opposition in the shape of hooting all through
the Sada meeting. Gov. Roosevelt, as usual,
declined to be hooted down, but noother speaker
waa able to make himeaelf heard twenty feet from
the ear, The neise was altogether made by
a group of twenty boys. A man from the train
went over and asked them why they did not keep
quiet, and they promptly responded, saying
that they were paid to make the noise, A man
named Thornton was paying them, they said,
There was not time to find out who Mr. Thornton
was before the train left,

But to a thousand thoroughly enthuslastio
propre to whom the Governor spoke at Cafion
ity he sald exactly what he thought of the
sort of men who are back of Mr. Thornton,
The people of the Cafion City audience were
farmers and fruitgrowers for the most part.
There is little or no metallic sentiment among
them, Gov, Roosevelt said

“There has been some talk as to what the
paramount jasue ts in this campaign. Now

will tell you what the paramount. issue ia
It is to keep the orderly liberty that has made
us what we are. [Applause.|) The para-
mount issue is to keep our national f-re-
apect and reapect our fellows, keeping the
ahtof free speech, keeping the right of political
differences fairly and squarely, ifter a full hear-
ing given to any one, no matter what his views
may he, if he expresses them decently and in
proper language. [Applause.) There 's dan-
ger of imperialiem, but it is not from the di-
rection in which Mr, Bryan is looking. The
only danger of imperialiem that will ever come
in this country is if it is invited as a reaction
against anarchy. Anarchy isthe handmaicen
of tyranny. Lf aver we grow to substitute law-
lesa mob violence for the orderly liberty that we
entov uncer the law, if we ever grow to subati-
tute the rule of brutal foree for the rule of the
ballot, where the ballot ia cast freely and
counted as cast; if ever we grow to exchange
for government by debate in the Legislatures
of the country and on the stump the violénce
that finds expression in word of deed, then we
will indeed bq within a measurable distance
of losing our liberty: then and not till then.
The worst thing the country can have is the
man sitting at ease at home Inciting other
men, who are ignorant, to * of violence,
and whether this sRctt ng of violence be by
a politician or by the editor of a newspaper
the effect is the same.” [Applause |

An ovation in the way of receptions was
inaugurated along the banke or the Arkansas
at Florence. A hundred of more charges of
dynamite were fired back at a distance of a
mile or more from the track as the train entered
the town. Every blast shook the cars on their
treks and made every soul aboard jump.

The reception in Pueblo_to-night {s very
much like that which Gov. Roosevelt found in
Yenver, except that it is not marred by rain
he streets are arched with festoons of electric
lights, moat of the buildings are decorated
with flags and all Pueblo seems to be on the
streets cheering or in the three halls whooping
up the speeches,

 

A VICTOR EDITOR ASSAULTED.

 

 

Miner Takes Exception to His Denwnciation
of the Attack on Gov. Roosevelt.

Victor, Col, Sept. 27.-Editor F, N, Briggs
of the Victor Daily Record was aanaulted in
his office a little after noon to-day as a result
of the riot last night in which Gov, Roosevelt
was struck and his train stoned. In an edi-
torial this morning the Record denounced
the participants in the riot in scathing lan-
guage, and stated that “a few dissolute women
waved rags in the wery faces of these dis-
tinenished guests.”

Mr. Briggs was the only member of the of-
fice force In the room when E. KE. Carr, a miner,
eame in. Carr declared that his wife had been
called a dissolute woman, and after ascertain-
ing that Mr. Briggs wan wg editor of the paper
struck him on the back of the head before he
could ariae from his chair. Carr got in two
more blows while the editor was getting 3
As soon as Briggs recovered himself he landed
heavily on Carr's jaw.

Father Downey, pastor of the Catholic
church, who cane in just then, interfered and
prevented further violen ‘arr demanded
a retraction of the editorial statement and left
the office. He vowed he would have satisfac-
tion or revenge.

 

VICTOR A DISORDERLY TOWN.
Joba P. Irish Says 65,000 Was Raised There
to Further a Plot to Kill Cleveland

INDIANAPOLIS, Ind, Sept. 27-—John P. Irish,
who spoke here to-night under the auspices
of the Gold Standard Democratic National
Committee, said this afternoon that he was well
acquainted with the people of Victor, Col,
where the attack was made last night on Gov

Roosevelt
“I know the people and the town well,” he
said. “When President Cleveland sent his
message to Congress, recommending the repeal
of the purchasing clause of the Sherman act,
a citizen of Vietor heralded the announcement:
‘If the people of this town will take care of my
family { will go to Washington and kill the
- * Within six hours a purse of $5,000 was
raised
"Tt is likely that the outrage that ocourred
there last night was egged on by the Bryan
managers The sneaking hypocrisy of Bryan
n saying that he would not belleve such an
outrage had been committed without further
evidence is characteristic of the man_ In 1896
whole communities in that part of the coun-
try were terrorized by the Bryan agitators

ATTACK PLANNED BY BRYAN MEN.
John Shorten of Victor Accuses Millionaire
James Doyle and Scott Ashton.

Denven, Col,, Sept, 27 -John Shorten, for-
merly ecitor of the Cripule Creek Times, now
engaged in mining in Victor, state i here to-day
that he left home purposely to avoid being a
witness of the ciswraceful attack made there
yesterday npon Gov, Roosevelt and his party.

" “That job was gue up several days ago,” said
Mr, Shorten, “by James Doyle and Scott Ashton,
They engineered it, and the men who carrie |
out their plans were un joubtealy well paid for
the work.”

Doyle is a millionaire and one of the princi-

al owners of the famous Portland gold mine.
Te haa been Mayor, of Victor and is an arcent
Bryan man, Scott ‘Ashton was formeriy City
Attorney of Victor.

 

 

COMMISSIONER COLLIER SHOT.

 

fils Pistol Accidentally Discharged While He
Was Looking for Barglars.

ATLANTA, Ga.. Sept, 27.—Hon. ©. A.
United States Commissioner to the Paris Fx-
position,’ was injured by the acc ental dis-
chorge of a pistol early this morning His
con ition is serious. Mr. Collier ts now uncer
the influence of opiates anid has not been able
to give an account of the aftair. He was found
by members of his family soon after the cie-

charge of the pistol. Even then he was
unable to tell how the shot was
fired, further than to say: “Burglars.’

The wound was made by A 35-« aliber pistol,
and the bell entered the left side and passed

ough the body. just below te ribs. The
ident was at the residence of Mr. Collier
at 206 Rawson street) Mr Collier, who had
just returned to the city, was with the mem-
bers of his family until the hour for retiring,
when he went to his room. It is thought that
he was disturbed by some noise, and thinking
that a burglar was attempting fo enter the
house went with « pistol ip his hand to the
rear poreh to make an_ investication
It is thought that in the darkness Mr
lost his balance and fell down the stairs, caus-
ing the pistol to be discharged, Phssicians
aav that Mr Colller probalily will recover, h t
that his candition is very serious. Mr, Colliér
had just returned from Paris, where he ha
gone as one of the tw elve Commissioners from
the United States to the Exposition

collier

Foctball season opens at West Point tomorrow, U.
8. Cadets ve Tufts College, Days Line steamer up;
return by WestShere ory. ¥. Central Raflroad

Collier, |

nineteen
ee

 

IDAY,
HANDS OVER RICE MONEY;

PATRICK GIVES UP THE CHECKS,
CASH AND SECURITIES.

Says the Checks Were Given Bim to Settle
the Will Contest-Negotiations With the
Texos Brother and Lawyer While the
Milifonaire’s Body Was Cremated—Two
Wiile—The Estate Said te Be 616,000,000.

Such property of William Marsh Rice, the
millionaire who died last Sunday at 600 Madison
avenue, as wasin the hands of Albert T. Patrick,
hia New York attorney, was turned over by
Mr. Patrick yesterday to Capt. James A. Baker,
Mr. Rice's Texasattorney. It je now said that
the estat? ie estimated at nearly $16,000,000. Mr.
Patrick explains that Mr. Rice gave him the
che: ks for $250,000 dated the day before Mr. Rice
died, to settle the litigation over Mrs. Rice's will.
Mr. Rice's body was cremated at Fresh Pond yee-
terday afternoon Only Dr. Curry, the physician
of the dead millionaire, and Charles Jones, his
private secretary, went with the remains tothe
crematory. Frederick A. Rice, a brother of Wil-

 

 

| tam, and Capt. Baker arrived yesterday morn-

 

ide ; in my eapactty es attorney for Mi

ing from Houston, but they were too busy
with matters connected with the estate to go
to the crematory. The same business pre-
vented Mr. Patrick from going to Fresh Pond.

Messrs. Rice, Baker and Patrick met shortly
after 10 o'clock in the apartment in which Wil-
liam Rice died. Detectives Carey and Vallely
dropped in a little later and made a few re-
marks which helped the two Texans and Mr,
Patrick to a@ better understanding. After
that there was a busy day for Messrs. Rice,
Baker and Patrick and for the estate of )Vil-
liam M. Rice. In fact, developments concern-
ing the estate followed so quickly one upon
another that it was difloult to keep track of
therm.

The conference of the morning was followed
by another one in the afternoon at the office
of Bowers & Sands, 81 Nassau street, which
Mr. Patrick did not attend. Those present
besides members of the firm were Frederick
A. Rice, Capt. Baker, Assistant District At-
torney Mclntyre and the two detectives, Capt.
Baker had retained the firm as his counsel.
Mr. Melntyre was there to advise the police.

The detectives were there to tell what the
had learned about the relations between Patric:
and Rice. This account of what was done at
these conferences was obtained from per-
sons who attended them.

a. Patrick, at ste morning of ference,
agreed to turn over to Uap’ es e@ prop-
erty of every kind that had belo: ed to William
M. Rice which Patrick held un assignment
or otherwise. This propeny includes the
four checks, one for $135,000, one for $66,000
and two for $25,000 each, drawn to the order of
Albert T. Patrick and signed by William M.
Rice the day before he died, Besides the
checks it was said that Mr, Patrick turned
over to Capt. Baker all the securities owned
by Rice and deposited by him in safe deposit
vaults in this city.

What led Mr. Patrick to turn over this prop-
erty to Capt. Baker is not known. He refused
last night to admit that he had done 80 or to deny

W. Gerard, for Capt. Baker,said
.

to-day turned over to
oO pavers he

t

Lawyer James
last night:

“Mr, Patrick has
Capt. aker a number
had in his office belonging
cluding securities whch were taken from Mr.
Rice's apartment in @ bag to Mr Patrick's office
after Mr. Rice's death. Capt Baker has taken
t ese to hold for the benefit of whoever le en-
titled to ae and he will deposit them with @
sale deposit con. pany.’

THE FoUN reporter had been informed that
Mr. Patrick had told Capt. Baker in the morn-
ing that Mr. Rice had left two wills, one exe-
cuted some years ago and one executed a few
months ago. 0)
said that both

each of th wills it was

atrick and Baker were exeo-
utors, It was news to Capt, Baker that h
old friend and client had made two wills 8
knew of the earlier on What the provisions
of either will are atrick declined to state,
and he would not admit even that there were
two wille

Mr Patrick was informed by the reporter
that the police were in possession of an assign-
ment, said to be the one made by Mr. Rioe to
Mr. Patrick under which Kice transferred,
according to a former statement of Patrick's,
all the securities and other personal property
which he hadin New York, Mr. Patrick ap-
peared to be rather surprised at this news, and
after a moment's reection he said

“If the police or anybody else have an as-
signment or other document belonging to me,
I do not know it. Whoever has it either stole
it or obtained it without me knowledge.”

The assignment made by Rice to tatrick and
now in the possession of Capt. McClusky runs as
follows:

State, City and County of New York: For value re.
ceived Lhereby assign to Albert T. Patrick all m
stocks, bonds. notes, bills, sums of money and atl
other property or choses jn action, now on deposit
with S M. Swenson & Sons, 15 Wall street, New
York elty, and the said Albert T. Patrick {s hereby
authorized to receive and receipt for the same.

Witness my band, the twenty first cay of September,
1909. . M. Rice.
Witness

MORHIS MEYERS.

DAVIb C. SHORT.

The date of this assignment was one day
before the four checks to Patrick's order were
drawn by Rice and two days before Rice's death,
The witnesses are associates of Patrick in his
office If there is an assignment covering other
property the police have not got it

{t was learned yesterday afternoon that
neither Mr. Patrick nor Mr. Baker had yet
qualified as executor of either will leftby Mr

ice. That being the case, no one is in a posi-
tion to take charge of the estate. It was sug-
gested at the conference at Bowers & Sinds’s
office that it would be wise to request the Pub-
lic Administrator to take oharge of all Mr

Rice's property in this city until somebody
should qualify as executor under a will, or until
an ‘administrator should be appointed by the
surrogate. This will probably be_ settled to-
day Regarding the estate, which Mr. Patrick
«ava will not exceed $700,000 the President of
one of the largest banks in the city made the
following statement, which was communicated
to the District Attorney:

“lL am informed by excellent authority that
Mr. Rice's estate will amount to nearer $15,000,000
than any other eatlinate of its value yet made
l am informed that Mr. Rice was one of the
largest, if not the very largest owner of real
estate in Texas, and that his securities, par-
ticularly the securities in safe deposit vaults
in this city, were gilt edged."

When this statement was referred to Mr
Patrick he smiled and said that the banker's
authority for Texas values, and particularly
the value of Mr. Rice's securities {n this city,
was not good. As to_the securities in safe de-
yonit vaults here Mr. Patrick said that it would
Be shown that their values had been very greatly
overestimated

When Mr. Patrick was asked to explain what
he meant by secret negotiations, he said that
be meant that, although he was the attorney
for the executor of the late Mrs. Kice’s will,
he had not deemed it necessary to inform his
clients that he was trying to re-open negotia-
tions with Mr. Rice and consummate them
Col Holt knew nothing about these negotiations
or the success which had attended them. until
very recently. Col, Holt had agreed last fall
t» settle on the terms finally made with Mr
Rive

In 1896 a man Damed William H_ Moore,
who Was supposed to be the owner of the Oc-
cidental Hotel at Broome street and the Bowery,
brought anit against Albert T. Patrick to re-
cover $6,500, the face value and interest of cer-
tain promissory notes given to Moore by the
Kuickerbocker Phosphate Company, which in
turn Moore assigned to Patrick” The suit
was settled out of court. Mr. Patrick said last
night that Moore exchanged the notes with
him for stock in the Knickerbocker Phosphate
Comrany, thinking at the time that the stock
was much more valuable than the notes. The
phosphate company took in some money,
was able to pay the notes and did so When
Moore found that the notes had been paid he
wanted to exchange the stock for the money
Patrick had received on the notes. Patrick
woud not agree and the suit was brought but
abandoned

Moore died very suddenly at the Occidental
Hotel

Mr. Patrick made this statement of Mr
Rice's reason for giving him the checks for

Rice, it
York attorney for Col O. T Holt, executor of
the will of Mr. Rice's late wife ina certain law
suit. pending in the Strie of Texas When
Capt. James A. Baker of Texas, Mr Rice's
attorney and Col ilolt, the executor, were
herve last fall taking testimony, | conducted
nevotiations between them for a compromise,
and understood Col Holt to authorize a settle-
ment of all claims for $250,000 which amount
Capt. Baker refused to pay Thinking to
serve my cliente I conducted secret negotia-
tions with Mr. Rice from January last to get
him to paw the $280,007 The £250,000 In
checks were sent tome by Mr, Rice last Satartay
Holt, andin

 

 

SEPTEMBER 28, 1900.—COPYRIGHT, 1900.

Sn aaa .....—.—.—.—.—9—9———_Cbr.
ee
Se

satisfaction of all his clafmea against Mr, Rice's
eatate, the money to be pals by me to pf: Holt
upon his executl full roleases to Mr. Rice,
accor ing to previous negotiations we ha’,
This was followed br Mr, hioe's unfortunate
death, and hence my efforta to certify the
checks In order to consummate the transaction
without the dolay incitental to the administra-
tion of estates, { at once placed the checks
in escrow to await the consummation of the
transaction, [cl1 not deem It proper to speak
of this matter to the public until [ had trans-
mitted the information to the parties interested.”

‘To understand this it must be rernembered
that Mrs. Rice's will left to relatives of hers
$1,600,000 of her husband's property, a wif
under the Texas law having rights of this kin
on her husband estate accumulated after
the marriage. Mr. Kice dlaputed the will,
and resisted the payment of the bequests,
as a resident of New York. The 8250,.¥", ac-
cording to Mr. Patrick, was what Mr. Rice de-
cided to pay as a compromise

 

THE NEW YORK DISABLED.

Arrives at Southampton With Thrust Shaft
Broken and Stecriag Gear Out of Order.
Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN.

LONDON, Sept. 27 —The American Line steam-
ship New York, which sailed from New York on
Sept 19, signalled as she passed St. Catherine's
Point thisafternoon: “Can use but one engine.”

SOUTHAMPTON, Sept. 27 --Upon arriving here
the New York, which was about one day over-
due, reported that her thruat shaft was broken
and her steering gear out of order

 

 

MRS, CONGER TELLS OF THE SIEGE,
Letters to Friends in Des Moines Express Her
Joy at the Rescae,

Drs Moines, fa., Sept. 27, — Letters from
Mr. FE. H. Conger, wife of the United States
Minister to China, reache| here to-cay, the first
since her release fromthe attacks of the Boxers,
Mrs. Conger writes a graphic story of the alter-
nating fears and hopes of the besieged for-
eigners and of their sulfering and rescue.

Minister Conger |s well, she says, though he
lost twenty-five pounds during the siege. Mins
Laura Conger, their daughter, and Mise Mary
Pierce, their niece, endured the strain without

barm
Mrs. Conger says the treachery of Chinese

was amazing and they could never tell what
to expect from them. They lived on_ horse
and mule flesh and rice, though the Chinese
cook managed to bring them a can of milk
each day, brought she knew not whence or
at what price of exchange taken from the lega-
tion stores. She writes:
“August 10, 1900.—Rejoice, word from_our
coming troops, only forty miles away. They
re comming ° ,000 strong. Our food was getting
low: only half a pound of horse meat each day
ued for foreigners, and dogs are killed fo
Chinese to eat. Our dog meat was low an
Wong brought in two little Chinese sparrows
for us. He said he put some rice on the floor
and when they came in he caught them
“August 14.—Kejoice, iouder and still louder,
The troops are here. Such Joy and warm
— ” you never saw before. O happy
ay. he most of these brave men coming
to our reacue have come through but with great
oss and suffering. The most of us are still
ere and yet our loss hoe been by far too
reat. Last night the firing was terrific, worse
fKan anything we have had. Our coming troops
heard and when the quiet followed thought that
they had been just too late. Many more such
nighte would have tried us. They turned their
big guns on us again.”

 

KENTUCKY ELECTION LAW.
Party Representation on Election
Boards a Democratic Measure.

FRANKFORT, Ky., Sept. 27.~A Democratio
caucus composed

Fanal

party representation on the election boar s
and in the election offices, The Attorney-
yeneral is to sit in case of a tle on the Btate
oart, and Sheriffs of the counties to sit in
similar cases on uupty boaros, requiring
contests to come op in court and limiting the
owers of the hoarJe to ministerial functions,
he bill is to be supported as a party measure.
The bill was presente) to the House at a session
to-night. Representative. McRoberts, on be-
half of the Republicans, offered various amend-
ments to the bill which are being voted down,
The House of Representatives, at 11:45 P
the Kiection bill by @ vote of 38 10, 40. The wit
makes the Clerk of the Court of Appeals “ume
pire’ in the State hoard instead of the
Attorney-General, anda third member ts to be
selected by two County Commlssioners of oppo-
site parties to act as umpires of county boards
instrad of Sheriffs as third members. Ret,

 

 

EDWARD WASSERMAN FINED $20.

Well-Known Stock Broker Arrested for Gan-
ning in New Jersey on Senday,

LONG BRANCH, N, J., Sept, 27.—Edward Was
aerman, the well-known New York stock
broker, was fined $20 and costs to-day for gun-

ning at Hollywood last Sunday. Mr. Wasser-
man was out hunting ‘or meadow larks when
Game Warden James M. Stratton appeared on
the soene. A warrant for Mr. Wasserman's
arrest followed, When arraigned to-day Mr.
Wasserman was charged with violating the
Bunday gunning law. ustice Schonlein fined
him the fullamount allowed by law, and Mr,
Wasserman paid after a protest,

AID FROM THE PORTUGUESE.

Gen, Roberts Says the OMetals at Lorenzo
Marques Are Obliging.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

LonDoN, Sept. 27.—In a telegram to the War
Office Lord Roberts says: “lan Hamilton's
column arrived at Komatipoort to-day. Pole-
Carew states that they are getting ample sup-
plies through our Consul at Lorenzo Marques.
The Portuguese officials are very civil and oblig-
ing.

“Seventeen officers and 819 men of the Can-
adian regiment started this morning on their
way to Canada,”

TREASON BILL

 

PASSED,

 

 

Legistative Counct! of Cape Colony Approves
It by a Vote of 13 to #.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
Cape TowN, Sept. 27..-The Treason bi'l was
passed on ita second reading by the Legislative
Counc | to-day by a vote of 13 to 8.

 

Many Desire to Join Transvaal Police.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN,

Pretoria, Sept. 27.-1t is stated that 17.000
applications have been made to join the new
polies force that is being organized for service
in the Transvaal. The cagernesa to join is
ascribed chiefly to the popularity of Gen, Baden-
Powell.

JESUITS OPPOSE IRELAND.

Archbishop's Possible Nomination as Cardinal
Discussed at Rome.
Special Cable Despatch to THER SUN,

LONDON, Sept 28
Chronicle at Rome enumerates several Furopean
prelates who will be nominated as Cardinals at
the approaching consistory, and adds that the
possible nomination of Archbishop Treland was
discussed, but was strongly opposed by the
Jesuits,

RAISER'S NEW STYLF IN MUSTACHE,

Abandons the Brashed-Up Ends Made So Well
Known by Caricatarists,
Special Cable Despatch to Tuk SUN
LONDON, Sept 28 The Berlin correspondent
of the Daiiy Mati states that Emperor William
has changed the fashion of his mustache,

ine correspondent of the |
| and thev were

nae
———— ee =

BY THE SUN PRIN

|

of forty-six members of | county
the House met this evening and passed on | ° 1
a compromise electton law provicing for equal | as-afwtida oc

abandoning the brushed-up end style, so long |

the caricaturists' joy. te pnow wears it brushed
straight out and unpointed

 

Discovered Three Asteroids in One Night.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
Beniin, Sept. 27.—Astronomer Wolff of the
HeidelLerg Observatory has, by means of his
photographic process, discovered three aste-
roids inasingle night. This is unprecedented,

 

The Mikado to Visit Earope.
Special Cable Despaichto THE SUN,
VIENNA, Sept 27, -It is reported here that the
Mikado will make a tour of Europe in the
spring, and that he will be the guest of Emperor
Fi ancis Joseph in May

| rendering homejess and
had previously been well sup- i

TEXAS INDICT J. K, JONES?

REPORTED ANTI-MONOPOLY PROSE-
CUTION OF BRYAN'S CHAIRMAN

Aad the Cotton Bale Trast-—Chairman M'Guire
Sued as Mayor of Syracuse in a Matter of
8400,000—He Calls Gov. Roosevelt a Fakir
and the Colorado Qotrage a Fake.

 

 

A report was received in New York last night
to the effect that the Hon. James K. Jones,
chairman of the Democratic National Commit-
tee, who is now conducting the campaign for
Bryan from the Chicago headquarters, had been
indicted in the State of Texas as one of the
officers of the American Cotton Company,
known familiarly as the Cotton Bale Trust,
for violation of the Anti-Trust law in the State
of Texas

Tuk Sun's correspondent in Austin reports
that legal proceedings of some kind against
the officera of the trust are afoot, but that in
the absence of the Attorney General of the
State it is not known precisely what. John BK.
Searles, formerly of the Sugar Trust, is allied
with Mr. Jones in the Cotton Bale Trust.

It is charged that the Jones-Searles combina-
tion constitutes a conspiracy against lawful
trade and free competition

The American Cotton Company has $7,000,000
capital stock, and holds patents which exclude

the possibility of competition Mr Jones
says patents are a constitutional monopoly.
Every ootton-ginning plant in the

South must have one of the machines man-
ufactured by the American Cotton Company.
Need American Cotton Company refuses to sell,
t leases ite machinosa. The manufacturer
attaches one to his plant and pays yearly trib-
ute to the American Cotton Company. So
reat are the profita of this combination that
n the short time the concern has been in ox-
istence Senator Jones is said to have risen from
the estate of a comparative’ poor man until
he_is now regarded as a millionaire
The Hon. James K, McGuire, Mayor of Syra-
cuse and chairman of the Executive Committee
of the Democratic Btate Committee, hopped
out of bed in the Hoffman House in his red,
white and green amas at sunrise yesterday
morning pnd w-h-l-r-r-e-d_ his electric bell,
At midnight he had known that the Horr. Theo-
dore Roosevelt, Governor of the State of New
York and Republican candidate for Cice-
easident, had n mobbed by a lot of Bryan
rufflans at Victor, Col. Mr. MeGuire did not
sleep a wink. His first order yesterday morn-
ing was for an as afestida cocktail. He sipped
his cocktail and read the morning papers an
then ordered another as afatica cocktail. Then
he had a bite of breakfast. It was as follows:
Stewed rhubarb.
Pineapple.
Irish marmalade.
Codfish with scrambied eggs.
Herring mariné
Brotled bacon,
Salt mackerel.
Hamburger steak.

Then he was ready to talk about the out-

Tage upon Gov. Roosevelt. He said:
‘Roosevelt probably got up that fake him-
eelf. He wasn't mobbed. e is the mony-

mental fakir of both parties. He probably
organized that riot himaelf. That is his style.
That is the cowboy hat principle of politics.
That is just about where he belongs—in the
Cripple Creek squad. I dont very often say
anything about any man, but Roosevelt is the
chap I mean, and I reiterate he is the cham-
pion fakir of the two parties.”

The Hon. Mr. McGuire rested a bit. He

ulletin. He signed it hirnself
chairman of the Democratic
Oe oe ttee. It said:

“The Republicans are reported to be atarting
in to corrupt the State of New York and to buy
the election, and to corrupt voters to stay at
home. Study the situation carefully in your

I offer $100 reward for the detection

offender.”
Mr. McGuire ordered another
tail and read and reread this
declaration. e then sent for a squad of tele
graph boys and sent his statement to all Demo-
eratio State Committeemen and Democratic
County fheirne a tue State
Hon, Mr. McGuire sent for another
assafotida cocktall,and then made another
formal statement, saying;

"Bo far ee the stockholders in trusta are con-
cerned they are about equally divided bet ween
pemonrase and Republicans, But it is Repub-
ican laws which make it possible for them to
exist, One thing is certain, however. It will
be impossible for them to flourish under Demo-
cratio rule.”

‘The fion, Patrick Henry McCarren, who was
temporary chairman of the Democratic Con-
vention at Saratoga which nominated Stanch-
fleld, was not far away from Mr. McGuire, and
ir. McCarren backed up every statement that

fr. McGuire had made about the Republicans
hay ing @ lot of money “with which to corrupt
the voters of New York State.” Forty millions,
he said,

The Hon. “Gum Shoe Bill" or the Hon,
‘‘Shirt-Tail Bill’ Stone took life easily at the
Hoffman House. He did not seem to be as ex-
gited over_the Roosevelt incident as Mr.

leGuire. For breakfast Mr Stone had a nice
little rint of Bouché Sec. And then he settied
bimeelf back and toyed with

Kippered herring.
Deviled ¢ggs.
Devilled chops

The Hon Mr. Stone wasn't very hungry. He
had a obat at the breakfast table with the Hon
James D. Richardson, whois the chief member
of the United States firm of Spofford. Richard-
ron & Co., and chairman of the Democratic
Congress Campaign Committees. Mr. Richard-
son had a pint of Brus Imperial, 1489, Cuvée, 36,

and then
Devilled Kidneys
Fegs Coquelicet,
Mutton Feet, Poulet.

Then Mr. Stone and Mr. Richardson gave it
to be their opinion that Gov. sevelt had
been treated Very shabbily at the demonstra-
ion in Vietor, Col. They did not agree with
Mr. MeGuire in saying that Mr. Roosevelt got
up this outrage upon himself

Late last night the Hon. Mr. McGuire re-
ceived word over the telephone from Syracuse
that he had been sued as Mavor of Syracuse to
restrain the illegal expenditures of $400,000.
Mavor McGuire at the time was discussing a
little dinner as follows

Bive Points.

Chicken Cockaleekle.
Pigeonneau en Crapaudine,
Agneau du Printemps, Sawes men he.
Perdreou.

Alaska Fantaistes
Golee d¢ Groseiile, Orange # Guaea.

When Mr MeGuire had t'me he snoke of
the taxravers’ sult which had been brought
in Syracuse and he said:

the parties who have commenced the
suit against me should win in the courts, then
the budgets of Rochester, Albany a4 "Troy,
the other second-clase cities, Ate illegal. lesars,
Kirk and Andrews were both Mayors of Syra-
couse, and it is said that a deficiency existed
during their administration. In_ retaliation
I may sue former May ra Amos, Cowla Kirk
and others when I get home for permitting
various overdrafts.”

then issued a
as executiv

ac
he Hon.

 

 

MASQUERADE BARN DANCE,

 

President Vreeland Entertains 1235 Gaests at
His Coantry Home.

Newsvuron, Sapt. 27.—-President H. H. Vree-
land of the Metropolitan Street Railroad last
night entertained about one hundred and
twenty-five guests at a masquerade barn dance,
which was given at his country home, “Rest
Awhile,” at Brewster. Invitations were sent
to Mr. Vreeland’s neighbors for miles about,
enerally accepted. The dane-
ing took place in the carriage house, a large
New York orchestra furnishing music for dane-
ing, which began at about 9 o'clock. The
guedte, almost without exception, were ¢os-
tumed in various characters, some of them
Uniqie A long canopy was stretched from
the house to the carriage house, At midnieht
a collation was served in the dining room at the
Vreeland home. Then there was more dancing

 

 

THOUSANDS DESTITUTE AT NOME.

Government Relief Ship Will Be Too Small te
Bring Back All Who Want to Come,

SeaTtLe, Wash, Sept 27.-The steamship
Tacoma arrived this afternoon from Nome
with 500 passengers and $300,000 in gold dust
She brings news to Sept 17. The storm which
began on Sept 12 lasted two days, qeatroying
over a million in property. and six lives, anc
destitute thousands
of persons who
plied for a severe winter

The Tacoma'’s passengers say it will be im-
possible for the relief ship Lawton, sent out br
the Government, to accommodate all the des-
titute who are desirous of leaving Nome

The second atorm, encountered by the Roa-

 

 

TING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATIO

ssi sess eeneninanltniaiie =
ee
NET... _\wwo ee
STU —_ -

%

 

N.

ee

 

Lawok MEN vorm 1y TRUSTS FAVOR. |) END) THE COAL STRIKE.

Indiana Federation Tables a Resolution De-
noancing Them,

INDIANAPOLIS, Ind, Sept. 27--The State
Federation of Labor held its annual meeting
at Logansport to-day and among the resolu-
tions introduced was one denouncing trusts
and asking members of ths Federation
to vote against the party candidates that do
not promise to invoke measures for their
suppression The resolution recited a number
of alleged oppressions of which trusta are
guilty and declared that they are especially
burdensome upon the laboring classes

The introduction of the resolution led to an
uproar. As soon as order could be restored
the discussion on the resolution was opened
and the conservative element was soon found
to be in a decided majority A inotion to
table the resolution was carried by at least
three to one,

Nearly all the delegates who represented
trust industries voted to table the resolution,
saying that the trusts were giving work at
good wages and that there are indications of
atill further increases

ee

ARCHBISHOP IRELAND HONORED.

 

France Makes Him a Commander of the Legion
of Honor.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Panis, Sept. 27 --At the Elysée Palace Hotel
to-day M. Jules Cambon, the French Ambas-
sador to the United States, who is at present
on a Visit to Paris, handed Archbishop Ireland
of St. Paul the insignia of his office as a Com-
rnander of the Legion of Honor, to which he was
nominated yesterday. Gen. Horace Porter,
the American Ambassador, Viscount de Vogue
of the French Academy and M._ Brunetiére,
editor of the Rerue des Deux Mondeas, who pre-
sided at one of the meetings held by Archbishop
Ireland and afterward went to Rome and de-
clared himself a convert to the Roman Catholic
faith, were among those present

In congratulating Archbishop Ireland on
his new honor M, Cambon indicated his claims
to the gratitude of France by recalling his
eulogy of Lafayette and the panegyric on Jean
of Are which he pronounced at Orleans

Archbishop Ireland in reply expresssed his
pleasure at the distinction conferred on him.
He said he regarded {t not only as an honor,
but as a fresh bond attaching him to Trance
Archbishop Ireland started for England to-day

 

MRS. KERR, WHO WAS SHOT, WILL LIVE.

Is Out of Danger and to Be Brought From
the Adirondacks to This City,

A letter was received inthis city yesterday
from Tahawus Camp in Fasex county stating
that Mre Chauncey F Kerr, who was shot
accidentally in the Adirondacks recently by
Dr Charles T. Dade of 63 East Fifty-sixth street,
and whose leg was amputated above the’knee,
isnowoutofdanger. Mrs. Kerr will be brought
to her mother's home in this city, 668 Fifth ave-
nue, as soon as the physicians attending her
gay that she can be moved. Mr. Charles W
Bailey of Philadelphia, who was «truck by
the same bullet which wounded Mrs, Kerr,
has almost entirely recovered.

Mrs. Kerr herself is a crack shot with the
rifle and has been a hunter of large game for
years. Since she has been going to the Adiron-
dacks she has slain twelve deer

 

A LETTER FROM CONGER.

 

He Wishes He Could Enter the Campaigu
=<Predicts McKinley's Ficetion.

Cricano, Sept. 27 —Secretary Perry 8 Heath
of the Republican National Committee received
a letter from Minister Conger to-day, dated at
Pekin, June 5. Minister Conger frequently
mentioned Prince Ching as the controlling
spirit of the Chinese Fmpire and expected
serious trouble with the masses of people. He
epoke in high terms of Minister Wn. He ex-
pressed deep Tegret that he would not he able
to leave for the United States, as he desired to
enter the political campaign. He predicted
McKinley's election

 

HE EXPECTED TO LAND IN HEAVEN.

 

A Religious Monomaniac Climbs a Tall Chim-
ney Preparatory to Taking a Leap.

CHICAGO, Sept. 27.—Michael Folaski, a relig-
fous monomaniac, who is a Polish laborer,
climbed to the top of the smokestack at the
lilinois Steel Works, South Chicago, yesterday
and stood singing and praying, preparatory
to taking a leap which he fancied would land
him in heaven. Work was suspended in the
plate mill of that plant while men watched
Folaski climb the frall ladder to the top of the

great chimney. His singing could be heard
for blocks.

In a few minutes the man would have leaped
from the chimney, but while he tarried to pray
and sing a fellow laborer, JohnSonalek! ellimbed
to where he stood and by a clever ruse saved
his life. All who witnessed the rescue feared
that there would be a strua@gle and that both
men would be killed. Folaski warned his
friend to keep away and exclaimed

“My time has come: Lam going to heaven ”

After a short parley Sonalaki said to Folaaki
that in order to reach Heaven he would have
to pass through fire and water, and urged him
to descend and submit to the fire and water
test Sonaleki’s ruse prevailed, and the de-
mented man followed him down the ladder
When they reached the bottom, Folaski was
set upon and overpowered He was taken to
the hospital of the steel companr

 

TRAIN RUNS AWAY ON A DOWN GRADE,
—_————

The Locomotive Ploughs Through a Depot, De-
molishing It and Setting It on Fire.

Hovouton, Mich, Sept. A freight
train on the Duluth, South Shore and Atlantic,
running between St. Paul and northwestern
Chicago, escaped from the control of the crew
while descending Lanse Hill, where there is a
fin of 1,900 feet in ten miles. The brakeman
\

~
oie

imped, but the engineer and fireman stuck
o the locomotive. The train jumped the
track at a curve by the atation at Lanse and
ploughed through the depot building.completely
demolishing the structure and setting fire to
the wreckage. fhe station employees fled
in time to save their lives. The fireman and
engineer were badly bruised and burned, but
both will recover. This Is the third depot
at Janse completely destroyed by runaway
trains.

 

 

KIDNAPPED ROY FOUND.

Tle Was Carried Off by Gypsies Six Years Ago
and Adopted by a Family.

CUMBERLAND, Md., Sept. 27.--The eleven-

year-old son of H. W. Baker, policeman, of

 

| Thomas, W. Va., who was kidnapped at Pe-

| age

noke, was as severe as that of the 12th, but |

little property was left at Nome from the first
storm to be destroyed

 

bi
delightful region in Ametica
—Adr.

| Hieht of truth

Pare 2 cents a mile, |

oria, IL, six years ago by a band of gypsies,
was restored to his father to-day. The father
had not heard from the boy until a few days
when Lewis Allen, County Court Clerk at
Berkeley Springs, W. Va., wrote to Baker, who
had offered $1,500 reward for the recovery of
the boy, that he thought he was living in the
fainily of Joseph Mechan there. Bak: r went
to Be keley Springs to-day, and fether end son
recognized ench other at ones. The little hey
had been adopted and treated well by the
Mechans.

DR. M'OLYNN TO CHRISTY,

COMPARES

Another Wild Address From Father Duacey of
St. Leo's Charch,

The sixty-third anniversary of the birth of
the Rev. Dr. Edward MeGlynn was celebrated
last evening by an entertainment in the Murray
Hill Lyceum. Part of the programme con-
sisted of an address br Father Ducey on Dr.
MeGlynn's life and character. He compared
Dr. MoGlynn to our Saviour, aaving that he
suffered sorrow, malsdiction, misrepresenta-
tion and slandor for _the cause of God and the
Dr. MeGlynn's sufferings were
described as a crucifixion

Father Dueey referred once or twice to the
coul strike practically in the same terms he
tised last Sunday, adding, however, a fling at
“these murderers called special deputies,

mereneeenntiaaseatae

 

pm
SS SSS sss

|
|
|

od rm
OMe) <a

Fair and colder to-day and to-morrow,

 

“PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

NEGOTIATIONS ON—CARDINAL GIDe
RONS WILLING TO BE ARBITRATOR,

New York Agencies Active-The Terms Are
Said to Include the 10 Per Cent, Raise of
Wages the Companics Were Ready Before
the Sirike to Grant, Without Recognition
of the Union-Mitchell Says Me Knows
Nothing Abovt It-—Flasieton Operators
Declare That the Railroad Men De Not
Speak for Them-Strikers Make Heavy
Gains in the Reading Regien—Some of the
Markle Men at Work-—State of Expectancy
Existing in the Entire Anthracite Region.

Bauvrimone, Md., Sept, 27.—Cardinal Gtb-
bons has consented to be the arbitrator in the
Pennsylvania coal strike if the miners and
operators in the anthracite regions will agree
to accepy him. The request came to his Emi-
nenoe several days ago, presumably from Afoh-
bishop Ryan. The Cardinal declines to
say whence the request came, but acknowledges
that he has consented to serve.

HAZLETON, Pa., Sept. 27.--It is reported to-
night that John Markle, managing partner of
the firm of Markle & Co, leaves here
for New York at 2 o'clock Friday morning.
The presumption of course is that he has been
summoned asaresultof the conferences there
on settling the strike,

Father Phillips, who lately hashad much to
do with the strikers since his last change of
front, leaves for Philadelphia to-morrow morn-
ing at 11 o'clock to confer with Archbishop
Ryan.

 

 

As a result of conferences held at the office
of J. P. Morgan & Co, between Mr. Morgan
and representatives of the chief anthracite
coal railroads negotiations are now going on
for a settlement of the great coal strike, Ac
cording to pretty good information the pro-
posed basia of settlement is a 10 per cent. in-
crease in the wages of the men, who, on their
part, if the proposed settlement is agreed to,
are to waive recognition of the United Mine
Workers by the coal! operators. Unauthorized
reports that an agreement had actually been
reached and the strike settled were circulated
in Wall Street yesterday, but so far as could
be learned last night the negotiations were
still going on. It was, however, stated that
everything pointed to a favorable outcome.
Aa one of those who had seen Mr. Morgan re
marked:

“We are moving heaven and earth to settle
the strike and I expect it to be settied. Idon't
think it well that the exact terms of settle
ment that are being considered should be
stated,for I fear that might interfere with the
successful conclusion of the negotia-
tions The fact of the matter is that
there should have been no strike. The
anthracite coal companies have been quite
willing to raise wages 10 per cent, and but for
the summer season intervening, when Boards
of Directors are not in session, the 10 per cent.
advance would have been granted. President
Mitchell of the United Mine Workers made
certain demands as to the recognition of that
union that complicated matters.”

Mr. Morgan, when @ report that the strike
had actually been settled was repeated to him
at his office at 3 o'clock P.M , said

“I know of no settlement.”

There was a report in Wall Street that the
negotiations for the ending of the etrike were
being conducted by Archbishop Ryan, who
came on from Philadelphia on Tuesday to see
the anthracite coal railroad Presidents and

find out if the trouble could not be settled.
The Archbishop, who had already heard
the men's side of the case, is known
while here to have also been

put info possession of the companies’ side
That he might be the chief negotiator was
inferred by some because of a statement made
by President W. H. Truesdale of the Delaware,
Lackawanna and Western. He said it was
true that negotiations for asetiiement of the
atrike were under way, but that he could not
tell what the outcome might be. “These ne-
gotiations,” added Mr. Truesdale, “are being
conducted by a man who does not directly
reoresent either party to the controversy.
The efforts of this person are in the nature
of mediation.”

Mr. Trueadale, however, said that Archbiehop
Ryan was not the mediator he referral to
Neither was Senator Hanna. Father Ducey
eaysthat Archnishon Ryan haa retired from
the attempt at mediation. Mr. Truesdale
went to his summer hone without having
heard that the negotiations bad resulted in an
agreement

fo far as could he learned the last of the con.
ferences at Mr. Morgan's office was held on
Wetnestay. On that day the chief anthracite
roads were represente’. Mr. Morean himself
represented the LehighVallev and the Erie more
particularly, but he ix also a larae stockholder tn
other of the leading anthracite ronda

J. Rowers Maxwell, President of the New
Jersey Central Railroad, yesterday sald:

“So far as T can sea there is nothing to pre-
vent the return of the atriking miners to work
except the unwarranted interposition of the
labor leaders A settlement might be made
at any moment”

The helief that the encing of the big atrike
is near hala decide tly inspiriting effect upon
the stock market yesterday. Excepting for a
brief period in the early tracing, when there
was some selling of etocks because the prema-
ture reporta of Wetnesday that @ settlement
hai been reached had not been confirmed,
the market was strong all dav. Prices moved
up easily an! when the market closed net ade
vanoes of one or more points were general, The
anthracite coal stocks led in the strength, two
of the atocks scoring the createst advances
being Jersey Central and Delaware and Hude
son, each of which advaneel 4', pointe,

MITCHELL KNOWS OF NO #ETTLEMENT.

Havirtox, Pa., Sept —Coneerning the
reporte! agreement nesrly reached in New
York between operators and employees Mr.
Mitchell, the strike agitator, thie evening said:

“{ know nothing oMecially about any such
acreement. All [ know is what has been shown
to me in newspaper ceapatches, { suppose it
will be through publication in the newspapers
that the facta concerning auch an agreement,
if there was one, will be made known. Of course,
under these circumstances, [ cannot make any
comments, Al! ft can say is that there can be
no settloment without @ general conference,
Of course, if all the demands of the men are met
there la nothing more to be salir.”

One of the men most heavily interested in
mining here, who did not wish to be quoted
because he wae not officially entitled to speak
for his company, said this evening that no agree-
ment that might be reached in New York could
affect his concern. Personally he did not be-
lieve that an agreement had been reached

“Anything that involves recognition of this
Mitchell organization,” he said, “is out of the
question. If Mr. Maxwell of the Jersey Cen-
tral or Mr. Olyphant or Mr. Truesdale come
to an understanding that is their affair. It oan-
not affect the individual operators in any way.
We are prepared to keep our mines shut down
for six months or a year if necessary.”

From what Mr. Mitchell has said within a
week and from his conversation this evening

7
27

| the impression has gained ground that he is