prepared to waive explicit recognition of the
United Mine Workers’ organization, provided
the men get what they want. This would
put him in position to proclaim a complete
victory and with that he perhaps would be

satisfied

DON'T GIVE IN, SAYS MITCHELL,

Sends Word to the Atrikers Not to Accepts
Settlement Unioss He Says So.
Hazrron, Pa, Sept. 27.~For three or four
days back rumors of a settlement of the coal
strike by different operators over the head of

Mr. Mitchell and his organization of United |

Mine Workers have been in circulation here

To-day they oecame more frequent and specific |

than ever and Mitcheli was obviously dis
turbed by them. Even If there was not a word

of truth in them, and that was by no means |

certain, the effect might be demoralizing to
his foree of strikers, There are places where
the men who have quit work have done 80
unwillingly and against their better judgement

It is believed even that If Mitchell were to move , oo

his headquarters from here to some other |

point, as it has been rumored several times
he was about to do, hundreds of men who have
struck in the Hazleton region would flock back
to work

To meet this wavering attitude on the part
of many of his adherents Mitchell thls after-
noon issued a circular note. It was addressed
to the presidents of the three districts com-
prising the anthracite field and read:

“Report is current that operators have made
a concession in the wage scale and will attempt
to induce mine workers to resume work, Please
advise all minera in your district that no at-
tention should be given to these, and that they

will be officially notified should any otfer of |
barded the train and the workmen it carried

settlement be made. Under no consideration
whatever should work be resumed unless author-
{zed by a convention representing all mine work-
ers in the anthracite flelds. It is vitally imn-
portant that all miners stand firm aod deter-
mined and not be deceived by those whose
interests it is to defeat the purpose for which
the strike is inaugurated.”

It is regarded here aa significant that Mr.
Mitchell at this stage of the game should find
it necessary to Jasue this urgent appeal to his
followers to stand firm. It is not quite con-
sistent with his cheerful statement of yester-
day that the strike was as good as won. Fol-
lowing the terrorism growing out of the Shen-
andoah riot jast week the mines in that region
have been shut down, but In this region there
{a comparatively little change, It tsa fact of
the situation that the Lattimer miners who,

in view of the tragedy of 1897 have been work-
ing with a stronger force of men than almost
any colliery in the region, The Hazle mine,
the Jeddo mines, the Oneida, Drifton, Cran-
berry, Beaver Meadow and half a dozen other
collieries are working, although with suc h
greatly reduced forces in many instances that
the work almost comes to a mere pretence,
But even reduced as some of therm are they re-
main practically as they were at the beginning
of the work, so that hero the strike at least has
not made much progress
EXPECT TO SHUT THE MARKLE MINES.

Following the reference of unsettled Issues
to arbitration the Markle miners returned
with a small force to work this morning.
Whether they will survive the onslaught of the
strikers and turn out a working force on Mon-
day, is uncertain. Dilcher, the labor agitator
from Obio, said this afternoon that he would
have the Markle mines shut tight down by
to-morrow. He is holding a great meeting
in Jeddo this evening to accomplish this and
it {s not unlikely the meeting will be followed
by a house to house canvass to-night. As an
illustration of the wavering condition of the
Markle men, it was found at the beginning
of work to-day that a number of those who
were present were men who heretofore had
been strikers, while among those absent were
others who up to yesterday had stood by their
agreement with the firm

There are those here who believe that a suffi-
cient nucleus will be left in the Markle mines
to draw others slowly back to their places,
But one thing is sure and that Is that neither
the Markles nor any other operators will con-
tinue very long mining at a loss, and unless
there are accessions in many instances of

mines now opened they will be shut down |

by the beginning of another week. Another
feature of the situation which disturbed Mr.
Mitchell to the extent of drawing an edict
from him is the alleged importation of biturni-
nous coal into anthracite marketa, Becaise
of this Mr. Mitchell to-day addressed a letter
to Richard Gilbert, Secretary of district No,
2 at Clearfield, Pa., directing him to issue a
circular note instructing all the mine workers
of central Pennsylvania that they are not
to load coal for shipment into markets formerly
supplied by anthracite operators.

“Weare informed,” continues Mr, Mitchell,
“that the Philadelphia and Reading, Delaware
and Hudson and the Jersey Central railroads
are attempting to defeat an anthracite strike
by sending their cars into central Pennsylvania
to have them loaded with bituminous coal.’

This is an order carrying with ita virtual
threat of a strike in the bituminous fleld unless
it 1s complied with. Mr. Mitchell declined to

discuss the prospect of a strike in the bituminous

field. He admitted that there was an agree-
ment on the part of the bitumtnous operators
and the United Mine Workers that is to run
until the first of April next.
calling a sympathetic strike now tn the bitu-
minous fleld would not be a violation of that
agreement he sald that in a measure It would,
but would disouss the subject no further, It
is believed that if the strike leaders find their
qghanoes here getting desperate they will not
hesitate to involve the whole or part of the
bituminous region in the trouble

Mr. Wilson of Indianapolis, National Secre-
tary and Treasurer, and Mr. Frailey of the
National Executive Board of the United Mine
Workers, arrived here to-day and have been in
close oonference with Mr, Mitchell and his
assistants. It is believed that their visit has
to do with the question of distributing relief
to the strikers. There have been no actual
demands for relief as yet, but the day ts not far
distant, unless the men go back to work, when
they will be coming in thick and fast.

TIE-UP SPREADS RAPIDLY.

Reading Raltlroad Mines Nearly All Closed
—@mall Shipments of Coal.

Reaptwo, Pa, Sept. 27-—Whether ft be
mediation or arb{tration the striking coal miners
in the Reading company's Schuylkill district
t»day started In earnest in making a Garrison
finish of the tleup. This afternoon they suc
ceeded in closing the big Bast colliery near
Ashland, and induced 1,800 miners in other
regions adjacent to Minersville, Ashland and
neighborhood to quit work. The strike fever
spread clear to the West End, and the younger
element squared themselves to make the big
strike complete. Not that they had anything
ial to strike for, but they desired to stand
shoulder to shoulder together with all miners,
those who just gave it out that they
treat with or recognize the
Workers’ Union. The Ashland
district is well tied v with the closing of the
Bast, Locust Gap and the Potts

Phere is no¢ ait
to the Reading company north of the Broa
Mountain,that territory being as tight as the
Wyoming or the Lackawanna district. The non-
union miners are getting more determined.
not to say desperate, in the Minersvilledistrict,
and several labor leaders were hooted. but this
was only the work of hoodluma and breaker
boys The younger element has joined the
union, however, and before the week is out the
even Reading colliartes in that district will
shut down hig will leave three colieries at
work, West Brookside, Lincoln and Goodspring
in the xtreme west end of Schuylkill county

J strike leaders want to makea clean aweep
they iN} ive some difficulty at these three
Fe lienes, as the miners are all natives, live in

weir Ow hes, are comfortable, easy-going
pont lea 1 Lostock in strikes They may
—_ rive however, to remain at home.

‘Oeil ’

' | re Reading con.
Y a The company
o- fay pring the liest sizes of
coal from the storages houses at Mahanoy
City. The miners in Panther Creek Valley
pre al) ready to go out, and coal shipments
rrom the Schuvikill regions will soon dwindle

© 300 cars dail: This is rewarded

epee
fis ke

could not possibly

United Mine

miners quit w
began shy

inev

: reaching it

| they

it was thought, would be the frat to quit work | lifted the rail from the track and the train went

} region

 

 

When asked if |

| leat

ery in operation now bele peng
<

table by conservative people op to this
strike. To-day 600 cars of coal came down
as against 1,700 a week ago. Labor leaders
say that the tie-up will be made complete this
week, or by Toesday next, and that the only
settlement that can be made will be through
the officers of the miner's union

SCRANTON I8 STIRRED,

News of a Probable Settlement of the Coal
Strike Excites the Community.

SCRANTON, Pa, Sept. 27.—Although there
was no real change in the local strike situa-
tion here to-day the stories in circulation and
the rumors that found ready believers kept
all concerned stirring. The local newspapers
make much over the announcement officially
by the awitchmen that they will take no part

| in the strike, but this waa printed in THE SUN

three days ago. ‘The local utions of Taylor,
@ neighboring borough, to-day held a big mass
meeting and parade Addresses were made by
labor leaders

A large number of additional Coal and Iron
lice were aworn in to-day at the office of the
tecorder of Deeds
been commissioned by the officials of this
To-day an order waa made by the
Iackwanna company forbidding the picking
of coal on the dumps. This ts supposed to be
almed at the famitles of strikers

STRIKERS TRY TRAIN WRECKING.

Attempt to Throw Moving Cars From the Track
at Soath Wilkes-Barre—Workmen Stoned.
WinKes-Barne, Pa, Sept. 27.-A number

of strikers tried to wreck a train on the Cen-

tral Railroad of New Jersey this evening which
carried several cars of washery coal and the
men who prepared it. The attempt was made
at South Wilkes-Barre, just before dusk, @
rail being placed on the track while the strikers
took position behind a row of cars and botn-

There was great exctternent for atime The
train came from the No 7 Stanton colliery of the
Lehigh and Wilkes-Barre Coal Company, and
on the cara were the twenty men employed
There has been a very bitter
feeling against them and three times they
have been stoned at the workings To-night
before they quit work a number of women
hooted them, but were driven off the com-

at the washery

pany property
When the train reached South Wilkes-Barre

the engineer saw a rail on the track, and as he
was running slowly he man iged to stop before
As thetrain slowed up some twenty
or thirty strikers, using aline of carsas a barri-
cade, hurled stones and coal at the non-union
men, who got down between the cars to escape
olleys, The engineer and some of the crew
The strikers continued the fusillade until
Some officers were

on
the train was out of sight.

| gent to thescene later, but could get no clue

MEN EAGER TO GO BACK TO WORK-

Rumors of a Settlement of the Strike Cause
Miners to Flock to Mine Offices,

Hazuuton, Pa., Sept. 27.—There was no
change in the strike situation in the Hazleton
to-day. Of the twelve collieries on
what fs known as the north side eight were In
operation, Some of these were getting their
tisual quota of coal while others were short-
handed and the output was small. On the
south elde only one, the Coxe Bros’. col-
liery, thatat Beaver Meadow, wasin operation,
All the others are still idle, The collieries
of the Lehigh Valley Coal Company in the
outakirts of Hazleton were working almost

| full handed to-day

The news telegraphed from New York and
Philadelphia that a settlement of the strike was
imminent was received with joy here and was
soon hinted about in the mining patches, How
eager the men on strike are to return to work
was shown by the gathering of men immediately
npon receipt of this news about the offices of
the collieries, At Milnesville and the Van
Wickle collieries the men stood for hours in
groups about the office building waiting for
confirmation of the news. They would be only
too glad to return to work, they told one of the
colliery officials, and would do so on the instant
the word came that @ settlement had been
arrived at.

President Mitchel), when asked whether there
was any truth in the report that a settlement
had been arrived at, replied

‘The repory that the anthracite coal strike
has heen settled is absolutely untrue. The
etrikecannot be ended without my knowir
it, and I have no knowledge of any efforta which
would lead to an immediate settlement. No

| overtures for a settlement have been made to

me. I understand that a telegram to this
effect was received at Scranton, but I know
nothing of it.”

J. DEW. WARNER FOR CONGRESS?

Croker’s Sapposed Choice in the 14th—Chan-
ler Recommends C, 8S, Andrews.

Congressman William Astor Chanler of
the Fourteenth district, who has been turned
down by the Hon. Richard Croker, and Con-
gressman Jefferson M. Lavy of the Thirteenth,
who hasn't been able to make out yet whether
he has been turned down or not, called at the
Democratic Club last evening and had chats
with Mr. Croker. Capt. Chanler had with
him Champe 8. Andrews, of the law firm of
Hill, Sturcke & Andrews, whom he Intro-
duced to Mr. Croker as his choice for his suc-
cessor. Mr. Andrews is a young man and
Capt. Chanler told Mr. Croker that he was
a good man, too Mr. Croker said that Mr
Andrews looked like a fine young fellow

While this was going on in the Democratic
Club several Democrats who were in the Hoff-
man House corridors were declaring that Mr
Croker's real choice for_the nomination in the
Fourteenth was John De Witt Warner The
ex-Congre siaan, Mr. Warner, is a red-hot gold
man and would not support Bryan In 1896, being
one of the first bolters. He {s now afraid of a
standing army and will support Bryan. Mr
Croker, it was declared, doesn't think that there
is any chance to carry the Fourteenth against
W.H Douglas with a Tammany Hall man, and
he hasn't much hope of carrying it any wa
But he thinks that ff an independent man could
be got who would take the nomination there
inig at bea little prospect of carrying the district,
and if it wasn't carried no good Tammany man
would have been beaten

CLOTHING TRADES FEAR BRYAN.
Trade Will Revive Only When McKinley Is
Flected, Walking Delegate Says.

The Knee “Panta” Makers’ Union announced
yesterday that though wages were lower than
they had been for years in their trade the union
had given up all idea of making new demands
for this season. Walking Delegate Polesky
of the union said he ascribed the bad trade
to the employers’ fear that Bryan would be
elected this year, with a consequent financial
panic

“It is just the same as in 1896," he said. “If
Bryan is beaten, as I expect, trade will revive
as soon as the election {s over. I am neither
a Republican nor a Democrat myself. I am
giving in an unprejudiced way the result of

| my inquiries among the people I come in con-

tact with.”

NO COLUMBIA CLUB OF ABSALOMS,

Four-Fifths of the University’s 1,000 Voters
Belleved to Be for McKinley.

The Democratic Campaign Committee of
New York has been strenuously attempting
the organization of a Democratic political and
stumping club at Columbia University Mr.
Croker's advice to voung men has strick
sterile soil at Columbia, as the only political
club to be formed is to support McKinley and
Roosevelt, A corpa of niversity debates
have already organized to stump the city.
Columbia will be in line in the sound money
parade, It ts estimated that over one thou-
fand students of the university will vote and at

‘ four-fifths of them on the Republican
side,

Bryan Reminds Plankitt of Washington.

Senator George W. Plunkitt of the Seven-
teenth Senate district and Tammany; leader of
the Fifteenth Assembly diatrict is flooding }
territory with folders, both inner pages of “ai
show nortraits of George Washington. But you
lift a flap off one of them and discover that yo
have been looking at a modified portrait o'
Bryan in a frame of Washington's hair and
neck gear

Candidate Woolley ta Minnesota,

St Part, Minn., Sept. 37.—John G. Woolley,
Prohibition nominee for President, addreased
an audience here to-night aftera trip through
the State, where he made twenty-one apeeches
from his special train. He will visit towna in

southern Minn 2t& to-morrow, winding up at
Minneapolis in the evening

To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. A
gists refund the money if it falls to ae a
Grove's signature is ou each bow. 25¢—-Ade ;

This makes 400 who have |

| the scenery out of sight

 

AE BUN, FRIDAY, SEETEMB,

DEPEW ROUSES BROOKLYN:

TREMENDOUS GATHERING AT THE
BIG REPUBLICAN RALLY.

The Janior Senater From New York Hands
Up Some Hot Ones to Bryan-The Tree
lesnes of the Campaign and What Demo-
cratic Success Would Mean tothe Country.

The firat big meeting of the Republican cam-~-
paign in Brooklyn was held last night at the
Academy of Music where Senator Chauncey
M. Depew and Chester McLaughlin of Corn-
wall-on-the-Hudson addressed a crowd which
for numbers and enthusiasm astonished the
Republican leaders themselves, The Acad-
emy has a seating capacity of about 2,500,
but a thousand or more had seats on the stage
and fully 4,000 persons stood up behind the
seats, swarmed in the aisles and perched in
every available corner while hundreds literally
fought to get In

The start of the meeting was set down for
& o'clock. By 7:30 o'clock every seat in the
entire house was taken. Then began what
amounted alrnost to a free fight at every en-
trance. Men shouted to acquaintances inside
to show thern @ way to get In Failing In this
they rushed down on the polleemen who stood
at the entrances and pushed them aside, crowd-
ing in until even the lobbies back of the main
floor and the baleony floors were packed to
suffocation. Then there came 4 wait while
Conterno’s band played patriotic tunes and
the min with the paper megaphone assured
everybody that McKinley, Roosevelt, Odell,
Devew and every other Republican were all

right. Just as the band started up “The Star-
Spangled Banner’ a man who was almost the
image of Comptroller Coler started down the
aisle on the platform A man there saw him
and shouted

Coler's here!"

The crowd set up @ yell which startled the
mat Who looked like Mr. Coler almout out of
his shoes. He turned and ran back behind
When Senator Depew
came in With Chairman dames McKeen and
Mr McLaughlin the cheering began and Mr
McKeen had to Wait several inihutes before
he could be introduced. Mr. McKeen got the

| crowd tocheering awain When he said the Demo-

cratic convention four years ago was like one
famous incident near Ladysmith in that it
wus a stampede of inules The Democratic
party at present, he sald, might be chemically
described as Bryanide of Crokerigm

When senator Depew was introduced he had
to wait three minutes before the cheering that
greeted him ceased. He was cheered through-
out his speech time and time again. When
he asked his hearers if they wanted a man who
would hold the fort in the East they all got on
their feet and yelled. Senator Depew said in
wart
, “While in attendance last week at a Joyous
wedding of a voung relative the thought oc-
curred to me of the happy results of the entire
American family of the nuptials between sound
money and prosperity four years ago. The
waramount question to-day with us is, Shall
hat couple be divorced? There has been
ho quarrel between the kita oy there has
been no disagreement, there are Do reasons
for separation. The dissolution, if it comes
at all, must be by the arbitrary act of the bene-
ficiaries of the union

‘The present campaign emphasizes the
difference, in practical life, between a prophet
whose predictions must stand the test of time
and experience and the pledge of a party whose
yjromises are based upon principles which
fave worked out Inthe past the reanlts which
are guarantees for the future. In other words,
theory and experience areagain, as in 1896,
in hostile array

‘The terror of Imperialism fs a ghost. I
mean American imperialism, It has been
tried for a hundred years. It was practised
by Washington; it. was tested upon an enor-
mous scale by Jefferson; it was put in opera-
tlon by Monroe, Jackson, yoy and }ferce
All gave it their sanction; all of them, to the

ie same path of imperialism which !s now
American

ares? glory and power of our country, pursued
t
t

wing trod by President McKinley
militarism, which Mr. Bryan so much fears
and from which he prophesies such dreadful
results, was also tried by Jefferson tn Louisiana,
by Jackson in Florida, by every administration
in newly acquired territories from time to time
with no other results than their pacification,
the restoration of peace, the opening of courta
and the protection of life, Mberty and property
for the citizen

“We all lament the strikes, We wish they
could be averted or settled. There is this dif-
ference between the strikes which were on in
'a9, ‘94 and 95, andthe strikes now. The strikes
then were constant protesta against constant
reductions in wages and cisohat ges of employ-
eos, The strikes then were often a blessing
to the employers, because they relieved them
from the manufacture of goods for which they
had no market. The strikes now _are on the
other side. They are to secure for labor a
larger share in the prosperity and productive-
ness of the country. The settlement of a strike
in the hard times from ‘93 to ‘06 meant nothing
to the worker; the settlement of a strike now
means his immediate re@mployment. There
ie always a golden mean between demand on
one side and resistance on the other, which
should be found by amicable arrangement or
by arbitration

“Mr. Bryan does not deny the wonderful
ysrosperity of our country and of our people;
a does not promise any better returns to the
farmer or the manufacturer or the merchant;
he does not promise any eater employment
or higher wages to the laborer; he do@s not
promise the exploitation of new enterprises
and the conditions which make money active
and capital useful by new additions to the
sroductive power of the country and there
fore a larger employment and a greater die
tribution of money. The country Is to °
better than it is to-day or was yesterday by
his election even upon his own showing, upon
his own prophecy and upon his own promise
His position, measured by Re n standards
of business, ts simply this: ‘The country is
drunk with prosperity, it is an {nebriation which
fa unhealthy and cannot last; {f you elect me
I will check the pace, curtail this unhealthy
expansion, my methods and my remedies will
arrest the disease and eradicate tt before it
has destroyed the body politic.’ Inother words,
through the processes of a milder catastrophe,
he will prevent the greater one which he thinks
otherwise inevitable. He is the veritable
suecessor of the doctor in the well known and
venerable atory, who threw his patient into
fita because he was death on fita, But, dear
Dr. Bryan, except a4 little surface irritation
here and there from too good living, there is
nothing the matter with the Amerloan patient.
He is In magnificent health, bis vitality was
never so vigorous, hia brain never so active,
his purposes never so clear and his future never
so promising before. It will be many years
before he leaves the healthy diet upon which
he ia now feeding for vour_ patent medicines

“It is loudly proclaimed that the campaign
in the State of New York is to be run upon
trusts; it is given out by the Democratic Na-
tional Headquarters that that issue must now
be pushed infront. Feeling the popular pulse
indicates that the doctrine of the free coinage
of siiver at the ratio of 16 to Lis fatalin th
Rast, and fighting American imperialism and
American militarism is fatalin the West = And
80, for a few days, the effort will be made to
frighten the country upon the danger of trusts
The only party Which has ever attempted
to meet the trust issue is the Republican party.
It enacted the Sherman Anti-Trust jaw, which
is the only effective law upon the books upon
that subject. It pas the Constitutional
Amendment in the last House of Representa-
tives, with every Democratic vote save seven

ainetit. Tlookin vain through the speeches
of Mr. Bryan or any of the Democratio ora-
Lore for a definition of a trust, or how to con-
trol it.

“Outaide of the agriculture, eight-tentha of the
business of the country is transacted in the
corporate form, The reason is that in the tre-
mendous competition of our times great capital
is required sucessfully to conduct large enter-
prises. This capital has to on the result of
contributions of the many. Invention and
discovery, the uftUization of steam and @\rce
tricity have enormously increased production,
and have corresponingiy increased the number
employed, but they have compelled the
adoption of the most expens!ve machinery
Any legisiation or action preventing the
operation of these plants would throw eight-
te ths of the skilled labor out of employment
and produce the most disastrous of panic.

A trust which controls the necessities of
life and prevents all competition and can
dictate the price to the raw material man, to
tne laborer, to the carrier and to the consumer,
isa menace, is unlawtul now and can be reached
by honest prosecuting officers, and the laws
to reach any such trusts should be made as
drastic, as searching and as effective as human
language will permit.

The absurd reaches the climax of gro-
tesqueness in the effort to make an emperor of
President McKinley For three yeara ¢
friend of Col. Bryan, In Congress, on t
form and in the press, has been se
discredit the President by representing him
as having his ear eternally on the ground to
catch the sound of popular approval or dis-
anproval. They have charged that he lacked
the strong qualities of Jackson because hesought
so eagerly and was so obedient to the por ular
will Now for electioneering purposes he is
a Cesar and a Czar. The Emperor of the
United States is its fifteen millions of voters
The Cair of Russia by his undisputed will
governs a hundred and twenty-five millions
of subjects. The people of the United States
by thefr {mperial voice at the ballot box, govern
themselves. They confide laree powers to the
President, and at the end of his term they call
him to aceount for his stewardship.”

Mr McLaughlin was introduced as a achool-
teacher from Cornwall He informed the audi-
ence that he was only a poor substitute for
Congressman John Dalzell of Pennsylvania
who had been advertised as the second speaker
at the meeting, but who couldn't attend He
started out very eloquentiv, however, and the
erowd cheered him as heartily as they had
Senator Depew and the man with the paper
megaphone told him that he could talk all night

e ted to. in said that the
© he lease of American citi-
zenship and stateamanship.

“here at many o; us young men who may
not be fami far with all the issues at stake,” oon-
tinued the speaker, “but we can be sure of one
thing, and t ia that the great issue here Is
the flag. We Republicans can wrap ourselves
in that and say we are for it forever

The audience would have let Mr. Melaughlin
go on for an hour, and a large proportion of the
crowd told him so in uninistakable language,
but he soon ended with an eloquent appeal for
support of Republican principles and candi-
dates

DOS PASSOS ANSWERS SCHURZ.

The Anti-Imperialists, He Shows. Are Wrong |

Lesally and Morally.

The Hon, John R. Dos Passos, one of the
most distinguished authorities on international
aud constitutional law in this city, has pre-
pared a “Defense of the McKinley Administra-
tion From the Attacks of Carl Schurz and Other
Auti-Imperialists,” which has just been issued
from the press. The defence obtains esper ial
iuterest because of the fact that Mr, Dos
Passos ia the intimate business and professional
associate of United States Senator David Ben-
nett Hill, who is now travelling about the
country in the interesta of Bryan and Steven-
gon and the Kansas City platform which de-
clares imperialism to be the “paramount
issue.” Mr, Hill standing on the Democratic
platform is bound to maintain Qiat the question
of imperialism is the paramount issue of the
present campaign, Mr. Dos Passos in the
pamphlet which he has just issued punctures
the bubble which has been blown by Mr
Schurz and Mr, Bryan and shows that they and
the men who are following them are wrong
legally and morally,

Mr. Dos Passos says he has the greatest re-
spect for Mr. Schurz as a scholar and as an
honest and independent critic of public events,
but that the reiteration of Mr. Schurz's charges
has been so sensational, dramatic and voctfer-
ous, and characterization of persons so bitter,
malignant and vindictive, that he has been
induced to go to the bottom of the whole Philip-
pine question, considering it from a moral as
well as a legal standpoint. Mr. Dos Passos
says:

“I rejoice and am proud that this investi-
gation shows that the charges preferred are
unfounded, base and unnatural in fact and
in law: that they have been made either from
gross ignorance of the facts or a misapprehen-
sion of them, or from a deliberate disregard
of truth and a malignant and unchristian
hatred of our civil officers, soldiers and sail-
ors-from the President down to the lowllest
private, © * * I have no political hatred
or political revenge to satisfy, no political
favors to demand or receive, am subject to
no partisan dictation and responsible alone
for these views. | have searched for the truth,
the whole truth and nothing but the truth,
and here it is.’

Throughout his argument Mr. Dos Passos
gives the authoritles for the var lous state-
ments which he makes of fact and of law, and
he shows that there never was an act by any
offictal of the United States, from the Presi-
dent down, or a word in their communications
with the natives of the Philippine Islands which
can be tortured into a promise, direct or im-
plied, that the United States intended to further
the political ambitions of any Filipino, or any
tribe among the inhabitants of the island, for
independence. He shows plainly that Agul-
naldo, after the Spanish-American War, was
never at the head of any government, unless
@ paper one which he created himself. Much
of the material from which Mr. Dos Passos
has drawn his facts is contained in the cor-
resapondence of Aguinaldo himself

The rebellion against the sovereignty of the
United States by the Filipinos,” Mr. Dos Passos
says in closing, “was an unnecessary, cruel, pre-
meditated, criminal war, inaugurated and
carried on by Aguinaldo against the best friends
of his country. The parties responsible for It
are two, Agufnaldo and his sympathizers In the
United States, the so-called Anti-Imperialista
Without the latter the war would never have
been commenced. With their ald it haa been
kept allve The responsibility upon then {s as

reat as that which men have ever shouldered
nany public crisis. They can never shake It
off.”

CHALLENGE TO BRYAN ON TRUSTS.

Congressman Littlefield Asks Explanation of
Bryan’s Shelving an Anti-Trast Law.

INDIaNAPous, Ind., Sept. 27.—Congressman
C. E. Littlefield of Maine addressed the largest
Republican audience which the Indlana cam-
paign has yet produced in Tomlinson Aal
last night. There were more than 5,000 people
in the ball. The speaking was preceded by a
parade in which almost 1,000 uniformed and
mounted Rough Riders partictpated, besides
numerous marching clubs,

Mr Littlefield devoted his entire epeech to
the “trust” {issue and directed attention to
the failure of the Democrats to enact anti-
trust legislation while in control of the National
Congress in 1888. He challenged W. J. Bryan
to explain why the Anti-Trust bill,which Bryan
haa recently boasted of introducing while a
Congreasman, was never reported to the House
by the committee to which it was referred and
of which Bryan was a member. Bryan comes
here next week to address the National Associa-

tion of Democratic Clubs.
enmualenmmen

BRYAN CHANGES CHICAGO PLANS.
Refuses to Make a Speech in the City on Regis-
tration Day.

Cuicaao, Sept. 27—There {is the best of
authority for the statement that William J
Bryan has refused to make a speech fn this
city on Oct. 9 Not only has he dented the
request of the local Democratic managers,
but he told them they might be tn better busi-
ness on registration day than managing street

arades and holding public mass meetings.
Fie told them the best thing they could do on
Chicago Day would be to bustle voters to the
polls and see that they put their names on the
registry books

After declaring himself {tn this manner the

mocratic nominee hurried to make epeak-
ng engagemente for Ia Salle and Jollet for the
evening of Oct. 9, and now there ia talk of call-
ing off the big Democratio parade and mass
meeting in the Coliseum planned for that day.

GERMANS AFTER CARL SCHURZ.
His Statement That They Are Going to Vote
for Bryan Denounced at Big Meeting.

Delegates of thirty-two branches of the
German-American McKinley-Roosevelt League
held a meeting last nightinthe Palm Garden at
Greene and Hamburg avenues, Williamsburg
George Hasslinger presided and Carl Evertz
sald that the meeting was called for the pur-
pose of denouncing the utterances of Carl
Schurz who declared that Germans every where
voted the Demooratio ticket. Mr. Evertz said
that Germans from all sides were flocking to
the support of President McKinley and that the
attitude of the Germans should silence any
further utterance of such a nature. Addresses
were also made by Joseph T. Collins and Dr
W. John Schiedge.

CAMPAIGNING IN AN AUTO

With an Electric Headlight and Sidelights
and Three Orators Aboard,

M. J. Harrington, the Republican candidate
for the State Senate in the Twenty-first district,
began an automobile campaign last evening

that he intends to keep up until election. dar,
At 7 o'clock Mr. Harrington, William Brice
Mann and Frank K. Bowers climbed into an
automobile in front of the Fifth Avenu Hotel
and started for the Twenty-first, Benidos
its sidelights the machine had a headlight of
250-cand!le power and two clusters of electric
lights displayed on poles, one on each aide,
It bore a banner on which was inscribed,“ Har-
rington for Senator.”

Big Sound Money Parade tn Chicago.

CHICAGO, Sept. 27.—Members of the Chicago
Business Men's Sound Money Association,
which organized a monster non-partisan McKin-
levy and Hobart parade of 100,000 men four veara
ago, met at the Grand Pacific Hotel last night
and planned a similar parade for McKinley
and Roosevelt. Officers and committees were
elected and James H. Eckela made a speech,
which was greatly praised by those present,
The Executive Committee proposes to meet
every day and the work of organization is to be
vigorously prosecuted

Democrats Object to Voting Machines.

The Republican campaigners at the Fifth
Avenue Hotel received word yesterday that the
Democrats in Eimira had begun a suit to pre-

vent the use of voting machines in the election
there. The Demoerata maintain that the ma-
chines will not permit the voting of aplit tickets
for Presidential Electors. The suit will be
heard in Norwich on Monday.

A Real Estate Subject of Interest.

y Within the olty inks. Staten Island Itsfactlities as
for a home will be t ‘s8u
erg ttyl ys reated on in Sunday's SUN,

ACCEPTS THE PLACE ON THEIR
TICKET VACATED BY TOWNE,

Praises Their Action as Above ‘Mere Party
Considerations'-His Letter Discasses Im-
perialism as the Paramount Issue, Dismtsa-
ing All the Others in a Few Words.
LINcoLN, Neb, Sept. 27—The reply of Adlat
E. Stevenson to the Popullst notification of
his nomination for Vice-President by that
party was received to-day, It is as follows
“To the Hon. J. B. Weaver, the Hon. J. A. Edger-
ton and the Hon. J. H. Edmiston, Committee
of Notification
“GENTLEMEN: By your communication of
Sept 5 1 am officially advised of my selection
as the candidate of the People’s party for the
offlee of Vice-President of the United States, to
fill the vacancy upon your ticket occasioned
of the Hon. Charles A
earnestly express

by the resignation
Towne, I cannot too
my appreciation of this manifestation of
the confidence reposed in me by your
committee and the great constituency you
represent, nor can I withhold the expression of
my admiration for the generous action of Mr
‘Towne In hia endeavor to secure the harmon-
fous codperation of all the supporters of Mr
Bryan In the pending Presidential contest.
The action of the People’s party in selecting
candidates outside of its own organization Is
almost without precedent in our political his-
tory. The explanation is found in your own
candid declaration. The members of the Peo-
ple’s party In all sections realize that we have
reached a crisis In which the very life of free
institutions is involved, a crisis in which mere
party considerations are of secondary impor-
tance and should be laid aside until the peril
is averted

“Upon the tmportant questions of finance,
of domestic administration and of reform in
our methods of taxation, the platform ofthe
People’a party gives no uncertain sound. It
is no less emphatic In ita demand for areturn
to the policy of honest and economical @x-
penditures of the public moneys ‘The further
demand for wise and efficient legislation look-
ing to the suppression of trusts cannot fail to
challenge the attention of all thoughtful men,

In common, however, with the Silver Kepub-
Hean and the Democratic parties you recognize
the important fact that these are but questions
of the hour In the presence of the over-
shadowing issue of imperialism, others are but
asthe dustinthe balance, It is notstrange then
that there should now be concert of action be-
tween those who sincerely believe ‘that a crisis
has been reached in which mere party considera-
tions are of secondary importance.’ Involved
{n the settlement of this great question are
consequences of deep import to the American
people. The supreme gravity of the
{asue cannot be measuredby words. © * © As
was truly said by an eminent Republican Sena-

tor, ‘the question is greater thanparties, greater
than administrations, greater than the pros-
perity and happiness of a single
generation’ It is well even now to recall some
of the recent events of our history Before
‘breaking the peace of the world,’ Congress
referring to Cuba supplemented its declaration
of war against Spain with the words, ‘the United
States hereby disclaims any disposition to ex-
ercise sovereignty, furisdiction or control over
raid island except for the pacification thereof,
and asserts ita determination, when that is
accomplished, to leave the government and
control of the taland to its people.” It was
thie solemn declaration by the American Con-
gress that justified the war at the bar of our
own conacience and of that of the world. The
wretenca now that this disclaimer upon our
art applied only to Cuba and not to other
Spanish dependencies Is ‘to palter with words
in a double sense’

“Existing conditions abroad now challenge
our serious thought whether we will or not.
Spain has been Conquered, and the pacifica-
tion of Cuba -the declared purpose of the war
secured, And yet we find ourselves still en-
gaged in war; a war, too, against our former
allies in our conflict with Spain, It is a war
against a people 8,000 miles distant, and of who,
until recent years, we had searcely heard, It
{a an expensive war, having already cost near
two hundred millions In money and thousands
of valuable lives, The question to be an-
gwered by each American voter now and in
November is why this war? What fs to be
our fustifieation at the bar of history? All
mere words and glorification of the flag aside
the sad fact remains that it is purely a war of
conquest, & war of subjugation against & people
who, as lias been eloquently said: ‘In their
atrugele for independence have interposed
the declaration of Jefferson as a shield against
the attacks of his own countrymen,’

“Sixty thousand soldiers are now jin the
Philippine (slande: how much greater will be the
sacrifice of treasure and human life before
the conquest is completed, no man. can know,
And when completed, what next? How are
these islands to he held and governet? Does
any sane man doubt that it ean only be by force,
by the power of the army and of the navy?
And this. not for a day or for a year, but for
time. All this implies the exercise of power
unknown to the Constitution, {t {fs In very
truth government outside of the Constitution.
ft means the adoption by the American public
of the colonial methods of European monar-
chies. [t meane the right to hold alien peoples
as subjects {t enthrones foreo as the con-
trolling agency in Government. I[n a word,
it foresha tows the emptre

“More than that, following close In the wake
of imperialism, as the night the day, comes
the immense standing army. The dread arm
of militarism is to be made bare in the New
World as it ts in the old. The strong arm o
power is to he substituted for the peacefu
agencies which for more than a century have
brought contentment and happiness to all
our people. Existing conditions In continental
Europe -entailing taxation and misery to the
verge of human endurance--illustrate by. sad
oblect lesson the inevitable result of large
standing armies in time of peace

“Conditions now existing in the Philippine
Islands, for which we are in a measure re-
sponsible, impose new duties upon us, These
»eople are entitled to our nrotection against
he eupidity and aggressive spirit. of other
nations. And this, not to the end of subsuga-
tion upon our part, but to that of the full enjoy-
ment by them of liberty, and the ultimate ea-
tablishment of stable government
by their own hands.

“Imperialism—the Republic or the Empire

is indeed the overshadowing issue with which
we are confronted in the pending struggle for
political supremacy, Ite determination is to
be by the American people through the peace-
ful instrumentality of the ballot. Meanwhile

fashioned

Facing the Future.

There comes a time to most women
when they must face the future of wife-
hood and motherhood, What that future
has in estore for them depends largely
upon themselves, To @ healthy woman

the obligations
and consequences
of marriage are a
lasting happiness.
To a woman suf-
fering from irreg-
ularity or other
ailments of the
sea, marriage may
a mockery

and motherh
}a@ misery. Where
such Regnery
exists Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescrip-
tion can be used
with the assurance
that health will
speedily @ be re-
stored, It is the
most reliable med-
icine known to
medical science
for the cure of
diseases which af-
fect the delicate
womanly organs.

a “Favorite Pre-
scription” is a non-alcoholic medicine
and is also free from opium cocaine and
other narcotics.

"Atan carly stage of married life,” writes Mrs.
Flora Arn, of Dallas, Jackson Co., Mo., "I was

eatly bothered with painful jods, also a
roublesome drain which rendered me very weak
and unfit for work of any kind. | became so
thin there was nothing left of me but skin and
bone. + a husband ame alarmed and got
me a botf{le of ‘Favorite Prescription.’ After
he saw the wonderful effects of that one he got
me two more, and after I used those up there
wee ne were neta. ead began to gain tn flesh
ery rapidly owe all praise to D
his wonderful curative medicines ate

Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser sent free
on receipt of stamps to pay cost of mail-
ing only. Send 21 one-cent stamps for
book in paper covers, or 31 stamps in
cloth to Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.

|

| o'clock to-night and

| f

its discussion will continue at the fireside
and on the hustings with an earnestness rarel

valled in our history. It was Burke who said:
‘Tlove clamor when there is anabuse, The alarm
bell disturbs the inhabitants but jt saves them
rom being burned in their beds

‘Again thanking the conmuttee and those
they represent, I accept the nomination so
generously tendered me. Should your action
be ratified by the people at the polls it will be
my earnest endeavor to discharge with fidelity
the duties of the great office

“I have the honor to remain vours very truly,

‘ADLAL FE. STEVENSON.
“BLOOMINGTON, TIL, Sept. 25, 1900."

CROKERITES CONTROL IN MONROE,

George Raines Is Chairman of the Executive
Committee That Will Run the ¢ ampaiga.

Rocuester, Sept. 27.—The Croker wing of
the Democratic party in Monroe county has
placed George Raines in undisturbed control
this year The meeting of the County
Committee was held yesterday, It was called
at thesolicitation of the Hillimen, but the Croker
faction won all the honors. James M. Nolan
acted as the leader of the Hill forces and aought
to put through a resolution giving State Com-
mitteemen Gerling and Hickey and County
Chairman Weble power to name the executive
committee in charge of the campaign of 1900
Inasmuch as Chairman Weble would easily
be outvoted by the two Hill State Committee-
men, it was patent that the adoption of the
resolution would bea victory for the Hill men

Jabez C. Pierce and Mr. Raines, who held
the proxy of Committeeman Clark of the twelfth
ward, opposed the resolution on behalf of the
Crokerites, Ex-Committeeman Fred W Smith,
who held the proxy of Frank P. Monaghan
of the Tenth ward, vigorously urged its adop-
tion. Chairman Wehle finally ruled that while
members of the Executive Committee need not
necessarily be members of the County Commit-
tee, the latter body alone could make the se-
lections. Hence the resolution was out of order
because the State committeemen were nof
members of the County Committee
was taken from the ruling and Mr. Wehle was
sustained by a vote of 20 to 16, three members
being absent and unrepresented by proxies
C. Bradley, the Fourth ward representative, who
was supposed to be a Hill man, voted with the
Crokerites, An Executive Committee was final-
lv selected as followa: George Raines, Fred W
Smith, John D. Lynn, William. C. Page, Burton
N. Wiltsie, W. H. Tracy and B.C. Bradley,
Messrs, Smith and Page are classed as TMI men,
but they are ina honeless minority

Mr. Raines’s selection as chairman of the
Executive Committee means that he will run
the Democratic campaign of 1900 in Monroe
county asthe acknowledged leader of his party.

NO BRYAN MONEY IN MARYLAND.

Campaign Contributions Short, and a Good
Democrat Tells Why.

Bartimone, Sept 27.—The Democratio man-
agement in this State is in sore straits owing
to a lack of funds with which to pay the neces-
sary campaign expenses, Appeals to former
contributors bring no remittances, Some
send replies regretting that they cannot vote
for the party candidates this fall, but the ma-
jority return blunt declinations, A confer-
ence was held yesterday afternoon and again
this morning, at which Senator Gorman was
present, to devise ways and means to raise
money, and as a result circular letters were
sent out to-day to party men throughout the
State. appealing for contributions, The regtis-
tration in the city thus far is more satisfactory
to the Republicans than to Democrats. It fs
generally conceded that the sentimentin the
city against Bryan is srowing stronger and
100 to 00 ia now offered that the State will go
Republican, A bet was made on the Stock
Exchange to-day of $800 against $500 that
McKinley would carry Maryland by more
than 10,000 majority.

John M. Nelson of the firm of fia bleton
& Co., sent a letter to Chairman Vandiver o
the Democratic Committee to-day fn reply toa
request for a contribution, in.which Mr. Nelson
gives at length his reasons for refusing. He
winds up by saving: “As long as the Demo-
cratic party combines with Populists to. pro-
duce a state of affairs so at variance with my
ideas of good government and of the safety of
the nation and the welfare of the people, I shall
do all L can to oppose it, Bunt 1 shall welcome
the dav when the Democratic party is rescued
from Brvanistn, and when that time comes,
shall be glad to contribute to ita success. In
the meantime, it is the duty of all sound-money
Democrats to work for the defeat of Bryan
and for the success of the party which promises
safety, honor and prosperity.”

BRYAN SPEAKS IN NEBRASKA.

Now at Sioux City and Begins His Tour of
the Northwest To-day.

Sroux Crty, Ia, Sept. 27.—Willlam Jen-
nings Bryan arrived bere to-night and took
possession of the private car on which he will
begin the speaking tour which will continue
until Nov. 2. James C. Dahlman, Democratic
National Committeeman for Nebraska, is in
charge of the Bryan special. It will leave
here at 7:30 o'clock to-morrow morning for a
dash through the Dakotas and the Northwest.
Before the end of the day Mr. Bryan will ad-
dress crowds at Elk Point, Vermilion, Scotland,
Mitchell and Woonsocket. Over the Chicago
and Northwestern Railroad tracks the Fusion
candidate will enter North Dakota, to which
State he will give his undivided attention on
Saturday.

Bryan rode forty miles to-day in an open
carriage, deliver three sheeches and trav-
elled 200 miles by railroad. His audiences were
not large, for cloudy weather and rain were
encountered. His first stop after leaving Lin-
coln was at Papillion, Sarpie county, Nebraska
Bryan stood in the open air and talked about
the fusion party issues to 400 people. It was
in this county that he made his first political
epeech in Nebraska ten years ago. After a
thirty-five-mile drive through the country to
Blair, Neb., Bryan talked one hour and a balf
to a crowd of 1,000. He reached Dakota City
in the extreme northeast of Nebraska at 8
as he alighted from the
train a heavy rain was falling. The town is
small, but excursion trains brought enough
veople to swell the audience to a good size
iryan declared he would leave the State of
Nebraska with the belief that the electoral
vote is safe for the fusion ticket. He will de-
liver more speeches in Nebraska during the
three days preceding election,

DR. MILBURN IS FOR HM'RKINLEY,
Bryan, He Says, Is the Incarnation ef Eco-

nomic Heresies,

INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Sept. 27.—Dr. J. A. Mil-
burn, pastor of the Second Presbyterian Church,
who has been a sturdy champion of Demo-
cratic principles in the past, was asked to-day
how he intends to vote this year. Hereplied:

“I think, as I am out of the pulpit, that there
can be no great wrong in answering that ques-
tion. I see no reason why a minister should
not express his political preferences, as well
as any one else. I have been for long years a
Democrat, but at the last Presidential election
voted for McKinley. I will vote for him again
Mr. Bryan, I think, {s a good man, but he fs
the incarnation of economic heresies, and
what is more he fails to understand the
ternperament and the genius of a growing
world. He has not yet learned, evidently
that life means growth, and that to cease {6
grow means the beginning of death, Whether,
as Mr Bryan says, world dominion is our destiny
or not one thing is clear, and that is that ex-
pansion is in our blood, and it is in our blood
not because of any love of conquest of the
world, but of our passion for the world’s bet-
teriment,

“One thing that characterizes the American
{a his God-like ambition, his supreme and «plen-
did passion for achievement. He is not satisfied
with the good. He vearns for the better, and
when he has attained the better he reaches out
ir the best. we wante this to be the best pos-
sible world, and, thank God, he is man e
do his share to make it so.” an Coa oe

CERTIFICATES OF NOMINATION.
The First Filed Was That of the Republicans
National and State Tickets,

ALBANY, Sept. 27.—This was the first day for
the filing with the Secretary of State of certifi-
cates of nomination *required to recorded
in that department. Regular party nornina-
tions required to be filed there must be re-
corded by Oct. 7, and independent nominations
by Oct, 12. The first certificate of nomination
filed to-day was that of the Republican State

electors for President and Vice-President

the State ticket headed by Odell and Wooveuth
nda supplementary. certificate nominating
crastus ( night of Buffalo for the office of
State Comptroller on the Republican State
ques.

16 «only independent nomination so f
filed ts that off&. Watson Gardiner as a candi
date for Senator in the Twenty-seventh dis-
trict, which comprisdés the counties of Mont-
gomery, Schoharie, Fulton and Hamilton
Mr. Gardiner's certificate of nomination had
1,131 signatures, the required number being
1,000. Mr. Gardiner is a former Re mublican
Assemblyman from Montgomery lis ene
deavor to get the Democratic nomination
or indorsement for Senator in Montgomery
county failed. His independent candidacy
dorant in, the. leant {eopardize the reelection
rf § enator obart tep 4
S thet daststot art Krum, epublican,

be

An appeal |

A DUTCH TREAT

is an old saying regarding an exact equivalent
for what is given. Ours is a double Dutch
treat when it comes to the buying of one of
our suits or overcoats to order at

15.

b ainsi

The fit, workmanship and goods are worth
double the money.

W. C, LOFTUS & CO,,

1191 Broadway, Near 28th St.

AND

Sun Building, Near Brooklyn Bridge

TO “THE ADIRONDACK
SCHOOL OF PAINTERS,”
SPORTSMEN AND
ARTISTS GENERALLY,

In order to acoommodate the large and rapidly
growing class of artists referred to by some as the
Adirondack Schoo! of Painters, the New York Central
will make exceedingly low rates to the Adirondack
Mountaina, from September 165th to October Biat,
tickets being good to return within Ofteen days from
date of sale.

For particulars see New York Central Ticket
Agents at {mportant stationa

Don't run the risk of using
lard. Use

WHITE COTTOLENE,
obtain uniform and certain re-

sults and eat healthful food.
The N.K.Falrbank Company,

Chicago—Sole Manufacturers

Our dainty wel
FREE! 0% tts Boones?
matied free to any address. For
one #o stamp we will send five ous
125 page recipe book, “Home
Helps,” edited by Mrs. Rorer,

~-MUSIGAL INSTRUMENTS,

J. HOWARD FOOTE,

831 CORTLANDT STREET,
COMPLETE LINE OF GUITARS, BANJO@])
MANDOLINS, VIOLINS, CORNETS, ETQ
Wholesale and Retail.

U. 8. Agentfor genuine COURTOIS BAND
INSTRUMENTS,

CARPET CLEANSING.

REFITTING AND RELAYING.
826 7thAv., Near 28th 8t.

eat iad. RAPP creates,

T. M.STEWART

BROOKLYN BRYANITES TO BOLT?
Free Silver Men May Have Independent Con-

gress Candidates.

True-blue Bryan men tn Brooklyn are plan-
ning retaliation on the Democratio machine
leaders for instructing the campaign speakers
either to steer entirely clear of the financial
jasue or to assert that the Kings county organi-
zation is in favor of the gold standard. If the
Willoughby Street managers renominate Con-
@ressmen Fitzgerald, Driggs, Clayton and
Wilson, who voted with the Republicans for
the Currency bill, and turn down Congreseman
May, who voted with his party, the Silver
Democrats may put up an independent candi-
date in each district. Great pressure {is being
used by the Democratic managers to stup
this movement, the plea being advanced that
{t would seriously affect Bryan's chance f
carrying the county, but the Bryan men seem
determined to carry out their purpose Richard
Whalen, a prominent member of the Chicago
platform Democracy, said

“Il don't see why we should pay any attention
to the men who were false to Bryan in 184
What right have they to say what issues dls
cussed by Mr. Bryan should not he brought uy
here? I think the speakers will talk about
what they wish, and if they choose to discuss
the financial question they will take Mr, Bryan
as a model before any one else.”

Patrick Hayes, the Fastern District leader,
and a member of the Democratic Executive
Committee, said: “Mr. Shea's {Instructions to the
speakers are disloval to our standard bearer,
Mr. Bryan. The financial question is in the
platform and ts discussed by Mr. Bryan, If he
sees fit to bring up free silver cofnage, why
should not speakers here?”

SOUND MONEY SHIP AND WHEAT MEN.

Prodace and Maritime Exchange Clab Revived
for the Great Parade.

A meeting of members of the Produce and
Maritime exchanges who wish to see the cause
of sound money successful av the polls was held
in the Board of Managers’ room at the Prod-
uce Exchange yesterday. It was decided to
resuscitate the old Produce Exchange and Mar
itime Exchange sound Money Club of the cam-
paign of four years ago. Frank Brainard was
chosen president of the revived club, Louis F
Spence, who is a Gold Democrat, First Vice
President, and Frank Andrews, Secretary. These
officers will name an Executive —Com-
mittee and ai list of Vice-Presidenta,
and draw up a plan of organization
to be reported back at a meeting to_be hed
on Tuesday next at3 P.M. President Brainard
and Thomas A. McIntyre were appointed a
committee to go on Monday next to the F¥fth
Avenue Hotel, where the Business Men's Ke
publican and Sound Money Association will
meet, and to represent the club at that meeting
Elliott F. Barrows, who is now President of
the Produce Exchange, is the first Republican
president of that institution in a national cam-
paign in the history of the exchange

You
can
rent a

Steinway

You can always rent a
Steinway for temporary
use. Even when away
from home you need not
be deprived of a good
instrument. We rent
Steinways by the day,
week, month, year,
STEINWAY & SONS,

107-109 East 14th Street,
Near Union &q,