ASSAULT ON THE GOVERNOR

NO SURPRISE HERE AT ACTION OF
BRYAN MOB IN VICTOR,

 

 

Repoblican Statesmen Expected Violence and
Had Been Warned to look Out for It
Letters Protesting Against the Outrage
Pourtog Into National Headquarters.

The Republican National Advisory Committee
for the district east of the Alleghany Mountains
hada very agreeable meeting yesterday. Chair-
man Hanna was there, and #0 wore Cornelius

N. Bliss, W. W. Gibbs of Pennsylvania, Fred-

erick S. Gibbs, Senator Thomas C, Platt, Senator

Depew, ¢x-Mayor Willlam 1. Strong, Joseph

H Manley of Maine, Franklin Murphy of New

Jersey, and Chairman Benjamin B. Odell, Jr,

of the Republican State Committee of New

York This meeting was called at this time be-

cause Senator Hanna Is to return on Saturday

to Chicago, where he fs to remain until election
night

All the Republican national campaigners
spoke of the outrageous treatment accorded
to Gov Roosevelt at Victor, Col,, the night
before

“Bryan doesn't scare anybody,” said Mr,

Hanna, “and he doesn’t frighten Mr, Roosevelt.
Gov Roosevelt, and American citizens go to a
Colorado town to talk to other American citi-
gens ina peaceable manner, and are mobbed and
assaulted for doing so, This is simply shame-
ful. If the Colorado people do not resent at
the polls this stain upon their honor [ am mis-
taken as to the temper of that community,”

Mr. Manley said: “We are very glad that Gov.

Roosevelt escaped serious injury. The

intention of the mob was plainly murderous,

 

And why? Because the tendency of Bryan-
iam ia towards violence, naturally and al-
ways The Bryanites demand unlimited
free speech for themselves, but are
impatient of it in others. They meet
arguments either with rowdy Interruptions,

na at Cooper Union the other evening. or with
bludgeons, as at Victor, Col, This is the very

essence of the new Democrary of Bryanism.

pare the treatment of Mr. Bryan and At-
4ieneral Smythe at Nebraska City, where
ing Was just as intense as at Victor,
akers at Nebraska City were bot mo-
in any way

day long letters were received at Repub-
in National Headquarters concerning the
nit of the Bryanites on Gov, Roosevelt of
t before, Senator Scott, who ts in

  
 

leated
A

 

men

charge of the speakers’ bureau at National
Headquarters, speaking of these letters, said
} ' , vhf

i) S

  

ire much gratified to recetve 6o many
wssions of personal good will and solici-
and Gov. Roosevelt also will highly ap-
t. Of course, no respectable citizen,

  

pre ate i

fyemocrat or Republican, can — fail to
concemn and lament such preceedings as
those at Victor, but the fact remains
that the first act of violence in this
campaign has now been committed and

deliberately prearrange 4 by a mob

of = Bryanites and furthermore that such
cisturbances have been expected and pre-
dietat for some time past, and Gov,

Roosevelt and his companions have been warned
beforehand against them. It is also true that
people everywhere are now saying that they
are not surprised at this occurrence Why
are they not surprised? Because, unfortunately,
ever since the capture of the Democratic party
by Brvan and the Populists in 1896 the Democ-

racy bas stood for the subversion of all
law and order in the.commmunity, According
to its programme everything ia to be up-

rooted on the 5th day of next March, or as soon
thereafter Mr. Bryan pledges him-
self to haul down the flag in the Philippines, to
reduce the value of all our money oneehalf, to
pack the Supreme Court in favor of anarchy, to
shut up oll our factories which are connec ted
with corporations or so-called trusts and in
yaneral he adopts the methods and style of a
Pron h Red Republican, a revolutionist, a mob-
It is perfeetiy natural to expect such @
y to hear fruits like the riotat Victor.”

Gen, Charles Henry Grosvenor of Ohio
ald “If Gov. Roosevelt or his friends had
said or done anything to provoke sudden anger,
the demonstration might have had some ex-
cise, but this was a cold-blooded, prearranged
affair, and utterly inexcusable, The people
themselves will settle it. Colorado went prac-
tieally unanimous for Bryan four years ago
Watch the fleures next Noverber.”

National Committeeman Frederick 8. Gibbs
of New York State, said; “We regret to ob-
serve any such hoodlum tactics in this cam-

align, because, you know, ‘we wish to remain
Free people’ with the right of free speech un-
trammeled The public evidently realizes fully
the nature and significance of the insult. to
Col Roosevelt, and resents it with spirit. This
fs shown by the number and character of the
Jetters we have been receiving all day. They
indicate that the people do not like the prac-
tical operation of Bryanism in our politics =

Ls possipie

   

 

oe

 

   

“

 

SOUND MONEY LEAGUE AWAKES.

It Will Make an Active Campaign West of the
Mississipp! River.

The Executive Committee of the Sound Money
league of America held a meeting yesterday at
the Bowling Green Building and after a long
discussion of the political situation voted that
the conditions in the country were such as to
make it advisable for the league to take an
active part in the campaign = against
Bryan and 16 to 1. Among those who
were present at the meeting were J. R. Cowan,
Melville E. Ingalls, George F. Peabody, A. B
Hepburn, J. Kennedy Tod, Henry Hertz and
J B Jackson. When the committee met last
spring its members decided that as Congress
had passed and the President signed a gold
currency bill, there would be no reason for
the league to take any past in the campaign
this year. It was thought then that the Dem-
ocratic party might not make 16 to 1 a leading
issue in Its platform, and that the whole ques-
tion could be regarded aa settled

When Bryan forced 16 to 1 to the front at
the Kansas City Convention the members of
the league became uneasy, and the prominence
which has been given to the issue has con-
vineed them that it will be necessary for them
to make an active flight. The Executive Com-
mittee, inorder to find out what was best todo,

made aninvestigation in all parts of thecountry,

 

They found that the men in control of the
Democratic party, whose words would have
weight with Bryan if he were elected to the

  

Presidency, were all determined to wreck the
currency if they got the opportunity, and
these reports also indicated that the influence
of the Gold Democrats who had returned to
a party would not amount to anything with
sryan.

When the Executive Committee met yester-
day the whole situation was discussed ex-
haustively, and reports of the conditions in
every State in the Union were submitted. The
members of the committee decided that there
was danger

It was therefore decided to open headquarters
at once and begin an active campaign in the
States west of the Mississippi River, where the
danger is thought to be greatest, and where
there is need of a campaign in the interests

  
  

of an honest financial s
arters whic!
and

stem
will be established literature
will be sent out. The same
were followed by the league

srmeakers

hoedsa which

    

 

n 1996 will be fr wed this*vear
The league derives most of its strength |
from business men who under ordinary cir-
stances do not devote much attention

to polities, and in 1896 it was most effective

$253,000 OV

Any Bryan Man Want the Little End?—Bryan
Tri-State Offer Called In.

$50,000 TO ILLINOIS,

In Wal! Street yesterday Edward Wassermann
offered to bet $50,000 to $25,000 that MeKinley
would carry Ilinois. There was lots of McKine

wey money tr
Bryan me

reported tl
i Neyony

the financial district, andapparently
iadturnedrather shy. dod. Judge
» had orders to bet amounts of
ey at odds of 2 tol, aggregating
sid that the Bryan men demanded

in

    

Beadleston’s offer to het

Bryan would carry Ken-
inois has been withdrawn,
inumber of pe ns who
er it Che offer was made inthe
er of the firm who thought

 

ramp &

»regret of

 

 
    

Fven Money That Bryan WI] Carry Kansas.

 

I peKs, Kan, Sent. 27.-An even bet of
$1.0 was mad Abilene to-day that Bryan
Ww loarry Kansa This is the first bet made

tate o MeKin and Bryan. Hereto-
Ichinley mnoney could tind no takers.

Iwenty-first District Meeting To-night,

vevkly MeKinley and Roosevelt meeting
RepublieinClub of the Twenty-first dis

twill be held this evening at 59 West Ninety-

x treet. William H, Daily will preside, and
espeskers willbe William S. Bennet, Prof,
7 4m vain, FOS. Lasker, Philip Bloch and

Gen. Sickles to Stamp for McKinley.

Gen, Daniel E. Sickles will speak for McKinley
rosevelt Baltimore on Oct. 6 and in

: ng, Wo Va lon Oct & He will go from
West Virwinia to Chattanooga, Tenn, and from
ere to Kansas and Nebraska, where he will

na Vigorous cainpaign

From the head- |

Sg sss SSS rr Ss SST
i eee

 

FOR ASSEMBLY, REPUBLICAN.

Lively Three-Cornered Fight for the Nomina-
tion In the Twenty-ninth.

The Republicans named their candidates
for Assembly last night as follows, except
where the conventions were adjourned until
a later date. In the Twenty-firs’ district
George C. Austin made a show of opposing
the nomination of William S. Bennet and named
Robert W. Thompson, Jr. When the vote
was counted, Thompson had 14 votes to Ben-
net's 121. The nomination was then made unan|-
mous. In the Ninth Assembly district Col
John A. Grow made a speech. He sald that

he had been a lifelong Democrat, but that
he could not stand Bryan who {s a boas
and Stanchfleld who {!s not sincere, and he

was accordingly going to vote for McKinley,
Roosevelt and Odell

It took three ballots in the Twenty-ninth dis-
trict convention to select a nominee There
was a dispute to begin with over which of
the contesting delegations should be seated
from the Eighteenth election district. The

custodian of primary records had certified
the names of one set of delegates
and an_ inspector had certified to

the other set. The Committee on Credentials
reported in favor of splitting the vote between
the delegations. The report was rejected
by the convention after some lively talking,
in which the rules of order suffered. Then
Chairman Edward JLatterbach decided that
the beat way out of the difficulty was to declare
that neither delegation should vote, and this
was agreed to,

There were four candidates for the nomina-
tion, Hal Bell, a former Assistant District At-
torney; A.M. Bullowa, Reuben Cohn and Thomas

Odell, In the course of the combat A. W
Schwarzier called Mr, Bullowa a forger
Schwarzler waa hissed. After two ballots,

Odell withdrew and his supporters went over
to Bell, who got 55 votes on the third ballot and

was nominated. Bullowa got 14 votes and
Cohn 20

Dist | Dist

2. Theodore Karman. 20 John S. Shea,

3. M. J. Nerney. 21. Willlam S, Bennet
5 N. H, Henry, M. D 25. William H. Smith,

7. Wayne M. Musgrave, | 24. Charles Bothner

8. Charies S. Adler | 28. John A, Weekes.

¥. Joho A. Sheeran. 27. Gherard! Davts,
10, Jacob C. Brand 29
11, James R. Canniff. 3i. Arthur L. Sherer,
12. Joseph Goldstein. 32. Willlam Vogland
16. Emerich Kubn. S34. Sigmund Feust
18 Henry Bossert 85. John Yule,
19. Jullus H. Seymour

Theodore Karman is a gold pen maker. M
J, Nerney is a carriage trimmer by trade. Dr
Nelson H. Henry is renominated. Wayne M
Musgrave is a lawyer. Charles 5S Adler has
been elected five times before from the Eighth,
which is usually Democratic, except
when he runs. John A. Sheeran is
assistant cashier in a _ broker's office

Jacob & Brand was the nominee in the Tenth
fA year ago, but was defeated by Julius Har-
burger. James RK. Canniff is in the butter
and egg business. Joseph Goldstein and Em-
erich Kohn are young lawyers Henry Bos-
sert is a lumber dealer and for eighteen years
has been a member of the County Committee
Julius H. Seymour is a lawyer and a
member of the Union League and the Republi-
ean clubs. John S. Shea ran last year and cut
down the normal Tammany plurality of 3,500
to 1,100 votes. William S&S. Bennet is alawver
William Henry Smith isa lawyer and a member
of a number of Republican clubs in Harlem
Charles Bothner is a piano maker. John
A. Weekes, Jr, is renominated; so is Gher-
ardi Davis. Arthur I.. Sherer is a lawyer and
a son of William I., Sherer, Superintendent of
the Clearing House. William Vogland is a
commission merchant. Sigmund Fenst is a
retiped iron founder, John Yule, is a builder
and Oontractor,

 

LEAVES THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY,

Judge Nolan of Kentucky, 72 Years a Demo-
crat, Witl Vote the Republican Ticket.
VANcEBURG. Ky., Sept. 27.—Judge Nolan, for
seventy-two vears a Democrat, tays: ‘In my
old age I must give up the old party on ac-
count of Goebelism and will support the Repul-
lican ticket.”’

SUITS AGAINST MAYOR

Syracuse Vaxpsyers Want City Tax Budget
Declared Nall and Void.

Srracusr, Sept. 27.-Two actions
brought in the Supreme Court of this
county to-day by a number of prop-
erty owners, in which Mayor James K
McGuire and other city officials are the
defendants. The first action is brought
by twenty-six of the city's la gest taxpayers to
have declared null and void the city tax budget
of $1,750,000, which was adopted by the Common
Council the last day allowed under the city
chirter. It is contended that it was
adopted by a majority when it
should have been approved by a_two-third
vote. Itisalso contended that the budget Is
about $100,000 larger than the State Constitution
permits, lhe present city offloers are joint de-
fendanta in the suit.

The defendants in the second action are the
same asin the first and also the Aldermen in
the Council of 1800 It is brought to restrain
the payment of the deficiency of 1899 and to
collect the same from the officers of last year.
The amount sued for js $252,596 68.

M'GUIRE.

were

BIGGER STATE SENATE MAJORITY.

Republican State Committee Belleves It Can
Capture Six or Eight Districts.

The Republican State Committee believes it
oan capture six orelght Senate districta which
Democrate represent in the Senate. These dis-
tricta are: One in Buffalo, one In Albany, one
in Rensselaer one in Ulster and_ Greene,
one in Westchester, one in Richmond
and Suffolk, one in Kings and the
Twenty-first In New York county, A strong
effort will be made to eapture all of these dis-
tricts, and the Republicans expect confidently
to get at least six of them

 

 

ALTGELD TO SPEAK HERE.

Oscar F. Williams, Ex-Consual at Manfila, on the
Same Programme.

Ex-Gov. John P. Altgeld of Illinois and Oscar

F. Williams, ex-Consul at Manila, will both

speak on Monday evening at the Iexington
Avenue Opera House ata meeting for the bene-
fitof the striking buiding trades in Chicago,
If Altgeld talks politics Williams will.

 

Thomas Gaban Seriously Mi,

CuicaGo, Sept. 27.--Friends of Thomas Ga-
han, National Committoeman of Illinois, are
considerably alarmed over his condition.
Reports were in circulation last evening that
he is extremely ill at West Baden, Ind, Farly
in August he was compelled to retire from the
campaign to_rest About two weeks ago he
went to the Indiana resort, poping the water
there would soon restore hia health. It ap-
pears, however, that hie condition has not im-
sroved. Mrs. Gahan joined him at the springs
[ost week. He is too {ll to be moved home

 

Neighbors and Friends Call on McKinley.

Canton, Ohio, Sept -President McKinley
had an easy day. Not one of his visitors was
important, either from an official or political
Mrs McKinley had a short drive
during the morning. The remainder of the
day the President and his wife remained at
home chatting with old friends, who dropped
in from time to time. There were many com-
mercial travellers among the people who calied
to pay their respects, and they told of McKinley
victory being in the air everywhere

~”
2

 

standpoint

Republican City Ticket to Schenectady.

ScHENRECTADY, N. ¥., Sept. 27.—At the Re-
publican City Convention to-r ight the following
ticket was named: Recorder, Horace Van
Voost; Judge, Alvah Fairlee Assessor, Anthony
Walton; Commissioner of Police, Merritt Ham-
mond. The nomination of Alvah Fuirlee for
City Jndge over the incumbent, A Vedder,
who was a candidate for a third term, was a

great surprise

 

Ticket of Hamilton County Democrats.

Cincinnati, Ohio, Sept. The
crate of this, Hamilton county, nominated a
full ticket to-day according to the slate ar-
ranged by Lewis Bernard, the veteran county
leader and lieutenant of John R. MeLean, Cone
wressmen | ominated were the following: First
district, John B Peaslee, ex-county clerk,
and for many years superinte dent of public
echools, Second district, Henry Ketter, station-
ary engineer, labor leader and rabid free silver

orator

o-
ee

Demo-

Senator Parsons Renominated.
ROCHESTER, Sept The Republican Sena-

torial Convention was held in this city to-day
and Cornelius R. Parsons was nominated for
his fifth term as Senator from the Forty-third

district
State Senator Boyce Renominated.

Frank M. Boyce was tinani-
nator for this district

at
of

 

Troy, Sept. 27
mously renom nated for 8
a the Democratic ( onvention held here to-day
Senator Boyoe's opponent on the Rep
ticket is Assemblyman Michael Russell,

Transit Facilittes and Other Advantages

on Staten Island as a spot for a home wi
on in Sunday's SUN Sept 30.-Ade.

iblican |

ll be treated 1 wh u

OLD COMRADES HONOR OTIS

A THRILLING TRIBUTE TO HIS WORK
IN THE PHILIPPINES.

 

 

Scene of Wild Enthusiasm in Deimonioo's
Where the General Is Entertained With
Gen, Joseph Wheeler by Lafayette Post,
G. A. R.—‘‘Imperialism" Fallacy Exposed.
Men of eminence in the military and naval

professions, veterans of two wars and dis-

tinguished New York ecitizena, did honor to

Major-Gen. Elwell 8. Otis, late Military Gov-

ernor of the Philippines, at a banquet tendered }

to him last night at Delmonico's by Lafayette

Yost, GQ. A. R. It was a gathering
which breathed tho spirit of pure
Americaniam, and as would be expected
from such an assemblage, loyalty

to the flag was the keynote of the speeches
Every reference to the services rendered by

Gen. Otis in defence of the flag was cheered to |

the echo. As a comrade he Was spoken
of affectionately and his services in the Phil-
ippines Were described as those of a heroic
soldier of untiring devotion. The purpose of
the banquet was to show Gen. Otis that his
work in the Philippines had had the unfaltering
support of those who had been his comrades in
the Civil War and this was shown from the
first speech to the last by utterances which
rang with soldierly patriotism

It was not Gen. Otis alone who was honored
at the hands of Lafayette Post. While from
the nature of his services he was the guest of
the evening Brig -Gen. Joseph Wheeler was also
honored as a man who had done a soldier's
duty by men who knew under what hardships
that duty is sometimes performed. The din-
ner throughout was a succession of wild
bursts of cheering, the‘greatest outburst com-
ing when cheers were demanded for
“Comrade McKinley.” Then the, walls shook
with the shouting

Covers were laid for 400 guests, The banquet
hall was draped with flags, and behind the guest
table an American eagle was enshrined in
Stars and Stripes. Gen. J. Fred Pierson was
the toastmaster. On his right sat Gen, Otis and
on his left Major-Gen, Wheeler. Other guests
at the were Col, A. L. Milla,
mandant at West Point, former Consul-General
O. &. Willams, Major-Gen. Francis V. Greene,
Prof. Alonzo Williams, Major-Gen. J. R. Brooke,
Rear Admiral A. 8. Barker, Major-Gen. Daniel
FE. Sickles, Seth Low, Gen. A. D. Shaw, Chancel-
lor Henry MacCracken, the Rey. Dr, Gustav
Gottheil, Col. Thomas R. Proctor and Gen. N
P. Pond Among the telegrams read was this
from the President

Unable to be present at the banquet this evening
Ijotn with all assembled tn apprectation of the dis
tinguished services rendered to our country by Major
Geu, OUls, aod wish for bir long life and happiness

WILLIAM MCKINLEY
In echwing these sentiments,” said Adjutant
William F. Brown, who read the televram, “I
propose we drink, standing, a toast » the
long lite and happiness of President McKinley

Kvery man at once rose to his feet aud the
cheering was loud and prolonged Then a
call for cheers for Roosevelt brought the diners
cheering to their feet again,

former Consul-General
first speaker His address was a tribute
the evening's guest, whose acts, he said, would
stand for coming generations to take pattern

three

table the com-

 

 

 

the

to

Williams was

 

 

 

by in lessons of devotion and patriotism Mr
Williams said that no man could raise his tongue
or pen against the administration of the army,
but that he raised it against every patriotic
citizen beneath the American flag, and this
evoked great a tuse, which was redoubled
when he followed this up by saying | stand
here to-night to say that the American seldier
Is not a murderer Mr. Williams closed by
saying that in the administration. of affairs

in the Orient, no inan could have been more
vainstakinw or could have done more patient
hard work in the field of war than the soldier
who at that gathering was honored by his for-
mer comrades

Gen, Pierson introduced Gen, Otis asa soldier
whom Lafayette Post was proud to honor for
qualities which the soldiers who composed it
could well appreciate, and the diners rose
cheering from their seats, while the band played
“See, the Conquering Hero Comes

In responding Gen Otis spoke of the events
leading up to the treacherous attacks made
upon the American forces at Manila on the even-
ing of Feb. 4, 1890, by Aguinaldo and lis forces
by deceit “so marvellous that it almost chal-
lenges admiration.” The attack, he said, was
simultaneous on the part of the insurgents’
encircling lines, then a considerable distance
within the city’s Spanish defences, and what
Aguinaldo termed his Manila militia, and it
was either resist or be killed Unfortue
nately for our repubitions among some good

 

 

   

people of the United States,” said ( (tis,
“we resisted) [It was an unprovo {1 wee
against the United Statea, if not reaniaed

rethought

rebellion, inaugurated with malice at
by the insurgents who had determined to base
their claim of sovereignty on the arbitrament
of the sword. As a result nothing ret

this organized rebellion or this ar He
bryonic nationality -if any one is pleased so to
consider it -except a few bands muerrillas

  

   

and ladrones and these are engaged, for the
most part, in robbing and murdering the Fili-
who contin ly importune our

po people,
roops for protection °
Otis suid that the first Ta

Gen ilog Cabinet

 
    

and Congress, formed when ret n against
Spain was af its height, contained honest and
ablemen but they found that opposition to

Aguinaldo’s ambitions was dangerous and in
time every one of them either resigned or was

expelled, Aguinaldo in himself, he declared,
was the insurgent government, which practised
ultra-Spanish crueities, Lomas, metho s and |
observances, With the beginning of the war |
the Filipino congress became virtually

  

although its members were creatures ©
naldo's appointment Aguinaldo and his cor
spirators ruled by artifice, by force and by
the representation that the United States and
the Buropean Powers would recognize
Aguinado's government, A proclamation no
later than last June declared that
and conflicts rent the United States Army,
and on Aug. 31 Aguinaldo declared that in
the United States the war was pronounced
criminal aggression and that the United States
troops hesitated to engage in it) The procls-
mations made a deep impression, Gen. Otis
said, “eyen upon our Filipino friends,
feared the safety of their own heads in case
of abandonment by the United Btates °
Aguinaldo's great card, Gen. Otis declared,

soon

 

 

Glssensloris

has been his assertion that the United States
would speedily recognize him, and it was
still being plaved with dexterity, “In the

meantime we have been trying to lay the foun-
dation of a good civil republican form of gov-
ernment for the past year and we have given
the people all the independence and political
privileges that their best men say they are
competent to take care of We have laidthe
foundation and have started the political struc-
ture, which is elastic and susceptible of all
necessary expansion.”

Gen. Otis said he had read in the newspapers
various panaceas for Philippine troubles, which
he declared have been and are exaggerated
To withdraw the United States troops at once
and give the islands independence was now
known to be too preposterous a proposal for
sensible men’ to entertain, A withdrawal
would be followed by anarchy, a carnival of
blood, the destruction of property, and the
ultimate appropriation of the islands by other
nations

“Enter into a truce!” exclaimed Gen. Otis,
“With whator whom? Thechief representative
insurgent is a fugitive from justice. All of
his cabinet and chief officers have deserted
him, and nearly all have declared for United
States supervision and subseribed the oath
of allegiance to the United States. Appoint a
commission to establish self-government?
Nobody but incompetent insurgents, or crafty
or designing men looking to_ individual
interests would sit on it. The able, honest
Filipinos and those who possesa property do
not care to enjoy any more indepeudence at
this time, but think that through educational
advantages and social and political enlighten-
ment, the people can be made fit for it ina
series of years (Applause I repeat that
I am a good Filipino, and advocate the doc-

trine of the Philippine Islands for
the Filipino people know nothing
of polities, but I incerely believe

from my knowledge of the benevolent senti-
ments of the people of the [ nited States that
whatever its future complexion, the polley
of the Government toward those islands ecan-
not radically change. We are there—whether
by the direction of Providence or the machina-
tions of Satan, it seems hard for many to de-
termine but we are there, and we must make
the best of it for all concerned (Prolonged
applause. |

f telecram of regret from Secretary Root,
who was to have responded to tne toast of “The
President,’ was read and the toast was drunk
standing. Gen. Joseph Wheeler then spoke to
“Our Country."’ He said in part

We are not a military people, we are a peace
loving peop'e and vet we are the most martial
and when necessary the most warlike peor le
ef all on earth, We take our greatest: pride
in our triumphs of peace, but we startle the
world by our prowess, our heroisin and our
victories in war, [Applause,) We seek to
avoid entanglements with other nations, but
to-day every nation on the face of the globe
before it makes a diplomatic move telegraphs
to its Minister in Washington and learns the
views, wishes and demands of the American
Renublic. [Applause.) We are the newest
and the voungest of. all nations, and vet we
excel all others in culture and in high civiliza-
tier

‘4 country is only as great as its people
Jt is said that men make a oountry what it ia
While we may give due eed of praise to men,
is not language to express the honor
wid homage due to the women of America,
fApplause.| From the days of Mollie Pitcher,
ted as a cannonier in a battle of the
down to to-day--including, as I

 

 

 

there

Revolution

who |

     

 
 
 

must, that one woman of your city who has

| elevated the character of American woman-
hood to a standard which has one
more than all else as elevate the
American character- during all that period
it is the women who have sustained the

faltering spirits of men by their loving hearts
and strong hands It ia they who have met all
| kinds of discouragements, and it is to them that
is due the inspiration and spirit and soul that
have made our soldiers what they were in war
and our men what they were in peace (Ap.
pesues.| We may build monuments to the
1eroes of our country, but there is not stone or
marble enough on earth to build monuments to
American heroines.” [Applause }

“Our New Posseasions” waa responded to by
Prof. Alonzo Williams, ang “Our Destiny” by
Seth Low

“(ft there be any Americans who so little
understand the American people that they
can believe that where the foree, the power
and the influence of the United States go
there will go the cold and blight of imperial-
iam,” said Mr. Low, “Ll am sorry for them.
{Applause.) For mvself, see upon this
continent the greatest aggregation of human
| intelligence, the greatest aggregation of human
power, the greatest aggregation of human
skill, but Isee more than that I see the great.
est aggregation of men that love liberty and of

 

 

men that will die for principle 1 believe
the American power will go far, be-
cause the American power ia great. I
believe that wherever it goes it will

have a character of tts own, for its people have
developed the character out of American soil.
{Applause | Wherever it goes, to Porto Rico,
to Cuba, to Hawali, to Guam or to the Philip-
pines. 1 believe it will take with it a love of
reedom and the gift of freedom such as no

other people on God's earth can give. [Ap-
plause.|

Gen, Sickles responded to the toast, “Our
Flag. Others who spoke to toasta were Major-

Gen, Brooke, Rear Admiral Barker, Dr, Gotthetl
Past Commander-in-Chief Albert D. Shaw o
the G, A. R., Major-Gen, Greene and Chancellor
MacCracken of New York University,
THE GALVESTON CYCLONE,
Rcport of the Local Forecaster, Whose
House Was Wrecked,
WASHINOTON, 7.—J. M. Cline, local
forecaster official at Galveston, Tex., hus made
an official report to the Weather Bureau on the
Galveston cyclone, He reports that on Sept. 8
visited by hurricane The
of the mercurial barometer
lowest ever recorded in
country The readings were taken
John D Blagden ¢t check the
barograph. There was a total fall of one inch
of rain in eight and one-half hours. The usual
heralding the approach
brick-dust sky was

 

Omctal

Sept

was
reading
28°53, the

the, city a
lowest
was
this

by o

premonitory

of a hurricane were absent

silanes of

 

not observed At 5 A M. on the sth he noted
the heavy swell and telegraphed Washing-
ton that the lower portions of the city
were being flooded and that such high
water with opposing winds had never
been noted before The water

mounted steadily in the face ofthe wind. Dense
clouds and rain prevailed during the afternoon
of the 8th, with wind steadily increasing until
it reached a storm velocity at about 5 P. M.
An hour later it was blowing eighty-four miles
an hour fora five-minute stretch, and at 8 o'clock
was blowing 100 miles an hour. The aerome-
ter blew away and the velocity of the wind
was later estimated at 120 miles an hour. It
then shifted from northeast to southeast and
blew harder than ever

Mr. Cline says that Blagden
the Instruments in heroic fashion until they
were all blown away The storm warnings
were timely and received wide distribution,
not only in Galveston, but alone the coast
Giving the high tide and storm signals kept one
man busy at the telephone on the sth dis-
pensing information, People were warned that
the wind would go by east to south and theworst
was Vet to come As a result thousands took
warning, moving away from the low beach
section to the centre of the city, and thus were
| saved Fifty persons took refuge in Cline’s
house and all but eighteen were killed, includin,
his wife. The water rose steadily from 4 P. X
to 7:30, when there was a rise of four feet
in four seconds, The total rise of
the ti.e was twenty feet. Cline’s house was
very aubstantial, but was finally wreckes,
He floated about for three hours, but was blown
into shore and saved Accompanying the re-
port is a carefully prepared map of the city,
showing 5,636 houses destroye!. ‘The property
loas is estimated by Mr, $50,000,000
and the deaths at over 6.000

FROM LONDON FOR GALVESTON.

looked after

Cline at

 

$30,000 as a First Installment Collected by
Banking Houses.

James Stillman, President of the NationalC ty
Bank and Treasurer of the Galveston Relief
Fund of the Chamber of Commerce, received
| from Speyer & Co, yesterday the following let-
| ter addres-ed to him as treasurer of the fund:
| Messrs. Speyer Brothers of London instruct usto-day

by cable to pay you the sum of $30,000 as the firstin-

stallmentofa collection madein London by Messrs.

Baring Hrothers & Co., Ltd. Brown, Shipley & Co.,

N.M. Rothschild & Sons and Speyer Brothers for the

benefit of the above fund. We he@ to enclose our

check for the above amount Kindly acknowledge
| receipt of this payment to } ours truly
} SPRYPR&CO
| contribution with other contributions
| aggregating $283 received vesterday by Mr

Stillman bri the total of the Chamber of

Commerce Galveston fund up to $103,148

J P Morgan & Co, acting forthe Galveston
' Relief Fund, State of New York, received yester-
| day O88, representing the contributions of
| citizens of Utica and its vicinity, sent in through

Frederick G Fin Other contributions

 

 

|
| This

 

  

 

 

ke

 
 

amounted to $216 and brought the fund's total

| to $28,322
The Citizens’ Relief Committee of the Mer-
| ehants’ Association received $94676 for the

| Galveston fund yesterday, the total
ammount collected, $ 587.39

THESUN sent to de 1) ('rimmins vesterday
checks for $104 received from the Johnatown

(N. ¥.) Republican, whie) coliected the subscrip-

| THESUN received $10 from C. D. and $2 from
| A. M. yesterday for the Texas sufferers

€

 

making

     

- | tlone tor the Galveston sufferers

A NOVEL WILL CONTEST.

Relatives Want Money That Was Ieft to an
Advent Society.

New Haven, Conn, The Supreme
Court of the State of Connecticut will be asked
to decide in a few weeks whether a man can
legally leave his money to propagate a fight
against the doctrine of immortality. Sidney
Hall of Hartford left a willl bequeathing about

27

Sept

| $10,000 for the yurpose of combat-
|} ing that belief His heirs assert that
it would be contrary to —publie — policy
for his money to be devoted to this pur-

pose Through their counsel they have peti-
tioned the Superior Court that the will be
| set aside Hall died five months ago, leaving
his property to the Advent Christian Publi-
| eation Society of Boston, for the express pur-
| pose of fighting the belief in immortality

Mysterions Death of a New Haven Woman to
Cinctnnatl,

New HAVEN, Conn., Sept. 27.—News was
| received in this city from Cincinnati to-day

of the mysterious death of Mrs. Anna L. Gray

 

 

of 1157 Chapel street, this city, ‘To-night
the parents of the dead woman refused to say
| anything. about the case, further than that
they had received a telegram saying that she

heart disease, Other despatches

indicate suicide or foul play A
letter signed “Joe making an appointment

| was found among the woman's effects Mrs.
Gray wasabout 51 years old and very handsome
She was divorced from her husband, a young
medical student, about five years ago

had died of
to this city

 

 

Sending a specimen of your
hair for examination as to its
ailment is like sending a piece
of your toenail to the doctor
to find out what's the matter
with your foot.

Hair disease is scalp disease.

Get at the root of the matter
with Ayer’s Hair Vigor.

J. C. Aver Company,
Lowell, Mass.

 

Practical

mists,

 

Ayer's Hair Vigor
Ayer's Cherry Pectoral
Ayer's Com=tone

Ayer's Sarsaparilla
Ayer's Pills
Ayer's Ague Cure

| troops, &c, to China

 
   

QUICK ACTION BY POWERS:

GERMAN DIPLOMAT SAYS THAT 18
WHAT I8 NEEDED NOW.

  

 

 

 

Feeling ia Berlia That the Chinese Question
Eaters a New Phase With the Deflance of
the Powers by the Promotion of Prince
Tuan—Grave Pronoancements Impending.

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN,
LONDON, Sept. 28..-The Morning Post's

Berlin correspondent says that the Chinese

question has entered a new phase It is felt

in Berlin, he adds, that the situation created
by the reappearance of Prince Tuan as the
leading Chinese authority must be dealt with
by Field Marshal Count vou Waldersee and
not by the Ministers

The correspondent states that he is in--
formed that the Government regards Prince

Tuan's appointment to the Privy Council as

incontrovertible proof that the Chinese are

not yet ripe for peace negotiations, This
view ia shared by Japan and France, It is be-

Heved that important pronouncemests on the

Chinese question are impending
The correspondent quotes an anonymous

diplomatist of great experience as saying that

the Powers can afford anything now rather than
remain inactive. Blundering action would be
more harmless than no action at all, It may
be assumed that the Powers will not sit still
until the Ministers in Pekin have made lists
of the ringleaders

The Shanghai correspondent of the Sforn-
ing Post, recurring to the report of the impend-
ing occupation of Klangsu by the Gerinans,

reaffirms that he heard the report from @u-

thentic sources, though, he adds, It may pos-

sibly be a feint to distract attention from the
north, where Ruasia is finding herself in a des-
perate plight. The Russians, according to the
correspondent, have practically abandoned

Chili to Germany.
rhe Zimes prints a Pekin despatch, dated

Sept. 21, stating that M. de Gilers, the Russian

Minister, memorialized the Empress Dowager,

requesting ber to return to Pekin, and offering

her protection. The forty chief Chinese offi-
clala who remained in the capital have for-
warded an address to the Emperor and Empress
beseeching them to return

The punitive expedition recently sent out to
operate {n the country around Pekin has had
an excellent effect. It has greatly increased
security in the neighborhood of the capital
and facilitated the entry of supplies, but noth-
ing can be counted as effective until Pao-ting-fu
is razed and the foreigners and refugees at

Chengtung and other places known to the

Generals are rescued

 

IS BOXER INFLUENCE WANING?

   

 

 

Report That Prince Tuan Has Been Replaced
by Wang Wen Chao.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Panis, Sept. 28 —A despatch from Shanghai
save itis atated there that the Dowager Em-
press has replaced Prince Tuan by Wang Wen
Chao, If this is true ft shows that the Influence
of the Boxers is waning.

 

BOXERS RETURNING TO PERKIN.

Many Have Been Captured tn the City—Mr.
Rockhill Going Back to Shan
Spectas Cable Despatch to Tar SUN.

From a Staff Correspondent.

PeKIN, Sept. 21, via Taku, Sept. 24, and Shang-
hai, Sept 4 M —Gen Chaffee, the com-
mander of the American troops, is about to start
for Tientsin, where he expects to arrange winter
camps for his troops. Yangtsun has been se
leoted by the American commander as an in-
termediate camp between Tientsin and Pekin
The commanders of the troops of other na-
tiona will also select this place for the same
purpose and it will probably become an im-
portant station of the allies on account of the
facilities for reaching it by railway and by the
river. Gen Chaffee says he has no hope that
the repairs to the railway will be completed by
the time the month's rations of the troops are
exhausted

Col. Henry C. Cochran, the commander of
thie American marines, reports that his com-
mand has been ordered to Tientsin

Mr. Rockhill, the special American envoy,
will leave here on Monday for Shanghat. He
will probably see Prince Ching, oneof the Chi-
nese Peace Commissioners, before he leaves.
Mr. Rockhill says he has no doubt about the
arrival of 14 Hung Chang in Pekio

Many Boxers have been captured in the city
through information furnished by Christians
and pro-foreign Chinese The latter state
that many Boxers are entering the city in dis-
guise. The Boxera say they will bide their
time and will win yet. The population of the
city is increasing steadily

The Provost Marshals’ courts are adminis-
tering the affaira of the city. The punish-
ments inflicted on persons convicted of vari-
ous offences range from death to fifty blows
and hard labor. Boxers are executed

 

277.9

 

CHINESE FLEET AT SEA.

Leaves Shanghai and Earopean Admirals Are
Said to Be Taking Precautions.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN

BERLIN, Sept. 27.—A despatch received here
from St, Petersburg states that all the Chinese
war ports, especially Fuchow and Canton, are
being blockaded, A Chinese fleet, comprising
a cruiser, an ironclad, six floating batteries,
four gunboats and three transporta, all of old
construction, have left Shanghal.

The fleet has made no offensive movement as
vet, but its departure causes anxiety among the
European Admirals, who are sending fast
cruisers to protect the transports conveying
It will be necessary to
increase the European fleet in the southern
Chinese seas, both for the protection of the
transports and for independent action

Lonpon, Sept, 28.--The St, Petersburg cor-
respondent of the Timea says, on the authority
of the Russian Naval Staff, that owing to the
hostile attitude of the Chinese fleet at Shanghai,
it is proposed to blockade the Chinese naval
porta

It ia reported from Pekin that nearly all
the Russian troops have left for Tientain, with
the exception of a guard for M. de Glers, the
Russian Minister, which will escort him later
to the Russian headquarters

 

GERMAN DENIAL,

 

Waldersee Not About to Present
{an Ultimatem to China,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Covoone, Sept. The Gazette publishes
a telegram from Berlin emphatically denying
the statement that Count von Waldersee is
about to issue an ultimatum to China. The
despatch says: “This is only another attempt
to make the world believe that Germany is
casting covetous eyes on the Yangtse region
It is quite certain that Germany does not desire
anything whatever which might injure the
interests of any other Power.”

Count von

7 -
ef

 

KANG YI A SUICIDE,

President of the Board of War Said te Have
Killed Himself tn Pekin.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Panis, Sept. 27
says it isreported froma Chinese source that
Kane Yi, President of the Board of War, has
committed suic'de in Pekin.

 

 

Surveillance of Anarchists Here,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Rome, Sept. 27 The Ministry has summoned
Baron Fava, the Italian Ambassador to the
United States, to Rome with a view to learning
his views as to regulating the surveillance of
Anarchists in America,

Staten Island May Be More Convenient
asa dwelling spot. Its advantages and desirability

will be set forth in Sunday's SUN, Sept 30, Real
Fstate Brokers and those contemplat ry bullding
thelr own homes will do well to read 1k ~Ade

4 despatch from Shanghai |

|

| Business Sack Suits—-

We habe prepared for this season,

   

okKaw Brothers

an unusually large and

attractive stock of handsome and carefully selected goods.

Correct Patterns,
Beautiful Styles,
Attractive Prices.

latest London styles in broad
shoulder effect.

Men’s, Boys’ and Children’s Clothing.

Fourth Avenue

Astor Place
Lafayette Place

st

 

BRITISH AND RUSSIANS CLASH.

Railway Ioterests of the Former Belleved to
Be tn Danger.

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tie SUN,
LONDON, Sept. 28
giving prominence
relations between
Britain regarding

the
and Great
railway interests in
China, The Times haa been urging
that the continued Russian retention
of the Northern Railway, in which £2,300,000 of
British capital is invested, is unjustifiable, and
the English correspondents in China are erm-
phasizing the same point.

A telegram from Taku raises alarm. It {s
feared that the valuable colileries and
British railway shops at ‘longshan will
be destroyed, owing to the contem-
plated Russian advance on that place, the
apprehension arising alike from the probable
action of the local Chinese and the attacking
force, It is stated that there ts great anxiety
lest Great Britain shall longer delay action re-
garding the important politicaland commercial
interests in the railway matter, it being re-
garded as imperative that the Russian action
be checked by a firm declaration of the British
pqicy.

The Morning Post's Shangbal correspondent
discusses the same subject, but says, without
explanation, that Admiral Seymour, who ts at
Taku with a large British fleet, can dominate
the Russians, who are withdrawing troops
every day.

It is further stated that the conflicting Inter-
ests of Russia and Great Britain prevent a sys-
tematic attempt to reconstruct the line from
Tientsin to Pekin. The Russians are still ope-
rating the line from Taku to Tientsin.

the matter of

tussia

to

AN VIEWS LIKE OURS.

If Order Is to Be Preserved, Panishment of
Offenders Must Be Left to China,
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

St Perrenspuns, Sept. 27 — The Noroe Vremya,
which is supposed to reflect influential opinions,
emphasizes the fact that Russia regards the
Chinese crisia from a point of view thatia very
different from that of the other Powers. Prince
Tuan’s occupancy of an important Government
post would not be an insuperable barrier to the
opening of diplomatic negotiations

Russia desires above all things the reéstab-
lishment of normal conditions in China, She
ean afford, in securing that end, to agree to
certain concessions, especially if they concern
only the question of retribution. The Russian
did not enter China for revenge.

wishes to help in restoring

Government, able to main-

Complete tranquility {it is true,

cannot be restored fully until the guilty

parties are punished. but if order
be preserved by the Chinese the punishment
of the offenders must be left to the Chinese Gov-
ernment, Accusations against the Chinese
authorities must be based on facts, not rumors

It would greatly facilitate negotiations if
all the Powers explained their views clearly
and definitely.

RUS:

 

 

troops
Russia
a Chinese
tain order.

to

is

 

Crispi's Views of the Chinese Crisis.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun,

Rome, Sept. 27.—The Agenzia Libera to-day
gives the views of ex-Premier Crispi on affairs
in China He is quoted as saying: “It will be
a long and disastrous war. Europe is alto-
gether wanting in unity of action and will be
defeated. The great misfortune for Europe
is in not having a statesman capabie of re-
alizing the gravity of the situation.”

Ii Hang Chang Starts for Pekin,
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN
LONDON, Sept. A Shanghai despatch
to Dalziel’as News Agency of yesterday's dato
says J. Hung Chang, escorted by 200 Russians
and 200 Japanese, has left Tientsin for Pekin.

27.

 

Rinderpest Killing German Cattle,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
BERLIN, Sept. 27.--A despatch to the Lokalan-
reiger from Shanghai states that rinderpest is
causing havoc among the cattle bought for the
German commissariat.

 

Strike Settled Before It Was Fairly Regan.

Thirty-five girls and about half a dozen men,
who went on strike inthe Robertson Company's
ladies’ waist factory at 38 Lispenard street to
force an increase of wages of 15 cents a dozen,
won their strike yesterday before they had
time to arrange for assigning strike pickets to
duty. While a meeting of the strikers was be-
ing held word was received that the firm had
granted the demands and the strikers rushed
back to work

A Union for Sober Beer Pumpers.

The beer pump workers had a union several
years ago, which went to pieces. They an-
nounced yesterday that their union has been
reorganized and a meeting is to be held this
evening at 2 Chambers street to install officers
There are about two hundred beer pump
workers in thecity. It is sald in their behalf
that undue indulgence in any alcoholic stimu-
lant will disqualify a beer pump worker for
membership in the new union

Ihe newspapers here are |

|

| Ching.

i test, }

ACT ALONE,

CONGER MAY

Instractions Prepared Directing Him to Begta
Negotiations With China,

WASHINGTON, Sept. 27.-The appointment of
Prince Tuan as a member of the Privy Council
of China is exceedingly distasteful to this Gov-
ernment and may have a deterrent effect on
the negotiations for peace which Minister Con-
wer will be directed to conduct, Nothing isa
contained in the instructions to Minister Con-
ger to enter into negotiations with Li Hung
Chang and Prince Ching, the Chinese Pleni-
potentiaries, directly reflecting on Tuan, but

Mr. Conger has been informed that the United
States will not recognize as parties to the ne-
gotiations any Chinese who were concerned
in the attacks on American citizens, The sub-
stance of the diplomatic nofes made public
last Saturday, defining the position of the

United States on certain points, has been com-
municated to Mr so that in advance
of the receipt by him of the formal instructions,
he is well informed of the views of his Goy-
ernment

The preparation of the instructions to Mr. Con-
ger has been completed by the State Department
and they have been forwarded by mail to Presi-

Conger,

dent McKinley at Canton for review and ap-
proval. Mr. Conger will be directed to place
himself in communication with Earl TA and

Prince Ching for the purpose of exchanging
views and Making such arrangements as will
settle the differences between China and the
lnited States. To that extent he will act in-
dependently of the representatives of other
but his conclusions and agreements
will be ad referendum, and must be approved
by the President before any definite peace ne-
#otiations can be entered into. Mr. Conger will
not be deterred from endeavoring to arrange
for a general conference to be participated in
by all nations having interest in the
Chinese question, and authority will be given
him to agree on the time and place of holding
to the
proval of the Government in Washington

The SUN reporter was requested and author-
ized to-day to make a correction of the impres-

Powers,

the an

the conference, subject, of course “a

sion prevailing in some quarters in this country
and abroad that Minister Conger was to act asa

mediator between China and the Powers, Noth-
ing that would lead the Minister to believe that
he was vested with mediatory functions, it was
ex plained. is contained in the instructions to Mr
Conger his Government has not been asked
by any nation to have Mr. Conger act for it in
his negotiations with Li Hung Chang and Prince
He will represent the United States
solely, Such conclusions reached by Earl Li,
Prince Ching and Mr. Conger as may open the
way fora general peace conterence will naturally
be communicated to the other Powers by this
Government, but Mr. Conger has no authority
to lead Liand Ching to believe that heis actin

for all the nations. On the contrary, he wil

make known to the Chinese plenipotentiaries
at the outset of the negotiations that his views
are those of the United States lv, and that
no other nation can be committed to any ar-

  

rangement he may deem it wise to make

{ft was pointed out to-day that before
anv actual negotiations or a final
settlement can begin, it must be cefinitely
determined that the Chinese Government ta

protecting American citizens and their interests

 

 

in China, That was one of the fundamental
principles laid down by the United States as
preliminary to the arrangement of jeace
terr Should there be further oute
breaks against foreigners, ever it points
remote from Pekin, Minister Conger would ce.
cline to enter into or continue negotiations with
Li Hune Chane and Prince Ching, and
would — hold Earl Li to his assurance
cemanded by the United States that Ameri.
ean life and property in China would be re

spected in future
Information based on Chinese official ade
vices has been received here that the pro-for-
eign Taotai of Shanghai, the report of whose
removal caused Consul General Goodnow and
the other foreia@n Consuls at Shanghai to proe
ias been pron oted and not degraded
This action of the Chinese Government indi-
cates a desire to placate the Powers

 

Warships for Chinese Waters.

gunboat Wil-
for

27.-The

fror

WASHINGTON,

sailed

Sept

mington to-day Montevideo

 

Bahia, Brazil, whence she will start across the
Atlantic for Gibraltar on her way to the Asiatic
station, The cruiser Albany sailed from
Pirmus, Greece, yesterd to report to Ad-

 
   
 
 

boat Vicksburg
she will be

miral Remey at Taku. Th
arrived to-day at Boston

  

 

fitted for her long voyage t Far Fast. The
battleship Kentucky, the large of the squad-
ron assigned to augment the American fleet fn
Asiatic waters, will not be ready to sail from
New York until about Oct. 20 At her last
target practice it was found that her big turret
guns reco ed so qiuilc y sto cause astrainon

   

fect will be remedied
Yard before the Ken-

their carriages Thi
at the Brooklyn Navy
tucky sails

Transports Ready to Take Troops From China,

Sept. 27

WASHINGTON, 27 Transport facilities
for carrying onder Gen
Chaffee from Taku to Manila are adequate and
the Indiana, Geronne and Sumner,
with a capacity of ) men, are now ready for

The 409 horses of the four cavalry

the 2,600

troops

 

Warren,

this service

 

troops that are to embark will be carried on
one of the boats chartered for this purpose
War Department officials say that everything
is in readiness to take the American troops

that are to leave China to Manila and that the
transports thus used will remain at that port
to be ready for the volunteers who will be
started home in November

JOHNSONS

DIGESTIVE
TABLETS

CURED HHM
IMMEDIATELY,