}
‘

3

{

,

4

;

| #

cree

cn wate gh I
IS ES

SS a map

—

repay

SN eee ee INR

SDlisciiaia

_—

; yg

 

THE REPUBLIC AND THE NEW YORK
OPENED WITH NEW PLAYS,

Herne’s “Sag Harbor’ Delivered to the First
Aadience ta Hammerstein's Latest House
of Amusement — ‘A Million Dollars’
Presented by Hobart, Harrison and Sloane,

The combined interests of a new play at the
opening of a new theatre made an occasion last
night. James A. Herne’s “Sag [larbor’’
was performed at Oscar Hammerstein's
Republio The house was finely filled
by people who saw that {it was as hand-
some as the published descriptions had
led them to expect. There was a kindly feeling
that rose toenthu Iaem when Mr. Herne, tn a
speech, mentioned the builder and manager's
name. When Mr. Hammerstein responded to
the applause he sald, in 4 very few graceful
sentences, that he hoped the uses of his newest
theatre would be such as to make the city proud
of it. Mr. Herne madea much longer addres
about the pleasure of playing to a first-night
avdience, the possible reversal or support of its
verdict by later assemblages, the oldress of the
theme of bis latest play and the skill shown
by the company in interpreting his work Mr,
Herne is a fluent speaker, but many present
were struck more by what he did not say than
by what he did. He complimented all con-
cerned in the affair, and was especially lauda-
tory of Mr. Haminerstein, but he made no ref-
erence whatever to Liebler & Co,, his own man-
agers, Why was that?

The play ueed at the opening of the Republic,
“Sag Harbor," is not the best nor the worst of
the recent «tage illustrations of American
midway in merit

 

country life It ts

among them, and, although none of the
others bas won success in a_ distinotly
fashionable New York theatre, Mr. Herne

has the advantage of an adulatory fol-
lowing, and {t is to be borne in mind that
his “Shore Acres” gained its first vogue in
upper Broadway. As in that piece, he has
located his fiction at a seashore, but it more
resembles in both matter and manner the
earlier semi-marine “Hearta of Oak,” which he
helped to adapt from an English original, and
(mn which he was for vears an actor Heisanex-
pert in that literalism which our people resect
when It is offered grossly by Ibsen and his
foreign tmitators, but sometimes accept when
they see it in depictions of native rusticity.
His example of {t in “Sag Harbor” possesses
iietle originality. A marinér and a shipwright

are brothere im love with the same
girl, She thinks that she prefers
the one wh: is absent afloat, but she
marries the one who is present ashore
The husband finds out the truth and
sentimental trouble ensues, but after
awbile tne wife ascertains that she really
lovea him, her fancy for the brother-in-

law being pastand gone. Nothing that either
of these three persons feels or does is in any
way remarkabie; but they and theircompanons
are men and women of flesh and blood shown in
scenes of homely life, and not puppets dangled
in theatric scenes. In that respect of natural
neas neither this author nor any other writer
in the same vein has done better, The |
action is started sluggishly in a
shipyard with a small vessel in course of con-
struction, carried forward slowly in a workshop
with reaiities o! the trade, and ended no more
rapidly in the best room of a New Fngland
home with a family meal of real victuals, of
course—this time a clam pie being the main
dish—among the domestic incidenis. Im thee
places tbe bride figures as @ good
veature, the bridegroom as an lonest
ohap worthy of her, and the rejected suitor as
a surly fellow who ought to lose her. The oo-
ourrenoes are reasonable except in their foreed
conclusion, but they are not inherently inter-
eating, and so they have to depend on their
representation for favor There is not an ex-
diting minute, but there are perhaps ten of
touching pathos, and a hundred of excellent
husnor

Mr. Herne had written for himself one of
those rugvedly benign churac'ers in the fine |
portrayal of which be is always at ease. This |
was an old boatmin, to whose blunder |
the troubles of the three involve sweethea: ts
were due, and whose kindly interterences at |
last brought happiness to the two deserving
it. The trio was composed of Forrest Rob-
inson, Lionel Barrymore and Julia Herne, All
the acting in the play had been keyed care-
fully to Herne's own unexaggerative pitch,
and most of it waa a delight to those
vho prefer the expert photographer's lens
to the tnepired painter's brush in the
making of: ictures for the stage. In the way
of admirably eccentric portraiture there was
an amus ng ru'a steamboat agent by
Frank Muoroe, and a hamlet jack-of-all-
trades by W Hodges, whose caricature |
was rated by the audience as much the}
best thing in the wholeperormance, Twosub-
sidiary women were acceptably given by Mrs
Hol Smith and Chrystal Herne. A peculiarly
unpleasant task had been assiened to Marian
Abbott, who, asa woman to whom Mr, Horne
paid court, was made to tell the old man that
she dreaded maternity, while be deciared his
wish t) becone a father: and iter the
marriage she had to represent herself as being

 

about to fulfil his expectations, and as pra-
paring for it. This was a reminder of Mr
lerne's obstetric drama, the deplorable

mee aret Fleming,” and wasthe only grievous
mistake in “Sag Harbor,” which is safe enough

from failure, though its success may not be

reat

At 10:45 o'clock last night a character In
*A Million Dollars,” the new play at the New
York, said, “I'U go to the bathing pavilion
that's the bast place to find the floating popu.
lation’ Two men in the audience laughed
outright and three others were obviously
pleased. It was the first ripple in an evening of
utter calm, not to depression
would be easy and truthful tosay that "A Mil-
lion Dollars” was not worth thirty cents. Ii wis
a musice! extravaganza cut on the familiar pat-
tern, but badly put together and made
of cheap stuff. The action started ina law
offloe where papers were discovered that
proved that ialfof New York belonged to an
Avenue A barber. The next seen: was inthe
heir’s shop, where he learned of his good fort-
une. The rest of the niece showed how he and
his friends spent his wealth in goodtime. Thy
cavorted in Battery Park, in a mansion on the
Hudson, ina city hotel, at Coney Island and be-
neatha Jewqled arch, The heir was imperson-
ited by Ignacio Mirtinetti, who was the same
as usual in dialect and dance. Joe Ott was
tupposed to bea Philippine nobleman, but he
concerned himself mainly with trying to manage
the other actors, the orchestra leader, the cal-
clum-light man and the scene shifter. Had he
attended to his own part he might have suc-
ceeded in being other than dull Josie
Sadler was sometimes funny as a German
cook. Cora Tanner and Joseph Sparks had
nothing to do and they did it badly Nat
Wills did his tramp act, familiar in the vaude-
villes, and it was not as diverting extended
through an evening as when on view only fifteen
or twenty minutes. Grafton Baker and Ida
Hawlay sang rather well. But the actors suf-
fered from lack of material, and only Miss Sad-
ler had the personal ability to raise herself
above the unfortunate cong| meration,

Although the authors were = primarily
to blame they received no aid = from
actors or producers Much matter of this
sort = miseirric in a frst) performance,
and is suppemented by good = material
Jater, so We miy ho @ for good entertainment
from “A Million Dollars’ vet. Toe first tuing
the manag m nt must do, though, ia to engage
an almost wholly now cast Also, we) ear that
chorus girls are scarce »owadays which seems
likely, judging by th looks of the singing women

 

j
euy

 

      

fo this. Uniike good wine, they have not
iiproved wthage. lhe writers of the piece
were George V. Hovart and Louis Harri-
eon, two men wWio have o'ten mad: tis
Jaugh, and probably will again. Th: music
was by A a dwi Sloan, ne of our
bea! one-finger composers. Hs musical ability
evidently doesn't extend as far as a chord

Neverthele-*, his work in “A Million Dollars”
is the single thing of s me merit. Hos tunes
were commonplace and below the much downed

public taste, bul som of them were
tnay become mildly popu ar

It was late when the final curtain
fell, but a las’ act had been seen that a
little softened the stern condemnation that the
audience gave to the earlier act This final
ecene was entirely a ballet, a beautiful mass of
viri-colored roses. Before thatar er pretty

had been danced

eatehy and

 

 

ballet of all nations

Suicide Without a Reason
Irs, Ellen Doige, 48 years old, of 60 J squeer

Street, Brooklyn, kiled herself at her home last

Dight with earbolic acid. Her hr

\ iusband and
© iidren said they knew o . ;
Suletae y knew of no reasou for her

THEATRICAL PRODUCTION. |

It} Fall

THE WORCESTER MUSIC FBSTIVAL.

‘The Beatitudes’ in English of Great Beauty,
bat Not Adequately Given,

Woncesren, Mass., Sept. 27.--The events of
the musio festival to-day were an excellent
symphony concert in the afternoon and Cesar
Franok’s oratorio, “The Beatitudes,” in the
evening, The symphony was from Mendels-
sohn, other nurmbers beiug a Moskowski suite
and Dvorak's Scherzo Capriccioso. Julian
Walker was the afternoon soloist, singing
Wolfram's song from Tannhauser. “The
Beatitudes” was performed in New York last
winter by the Liederkranz Society, At that
time the German text was used. The per-
formance this evening is said to be the first
one in English, though the work was com-
pleted in 1870 and has had considerable
yogue in Germany during recent years. It
is a remarkeble composition aud oratorio be-
ucred subject and the employ-
‘he work is rather

   

 

cause of the
ment of buman voices

longer than it should be for entire @ »precia-
tion of its extraordinary beauty. One cut
was made this evening, but evidently it was
made rather for the eake of economizing in solo
talent than for abbreviation, It hasbeen sug-
geated in the discussions here that eventually
“The Beatitudes” will be shortened by the
omission of two or threo entire  nuin-
bers and the reason alleged is that one
mood prevails so much that there is not suffi-
cient contrast, One perprmapce may not set-
tle this question, but it ls to be admitted that
the contrasta possible to the work In its com-
plete form were not wholly indicated this eve-
ning. The Satan of the text was & very gen-
tiemanly person, whose voice seemed made
for the soothing strains written for the
voloe of Jeeus, and the apvagery that might
have been wrung from .the Batanio prelude
and subsequent accompaniments was replaced
by mild mellifluousness. This is atypical tn-
stance of many that gave the impression that
neither conductor por soloists approached the
work with adequate appreciation of tt The
soloists were: Miss Anderson, Mina Stein, Mixa
Jean Foss, Messrs. Evan Williains, Gwilym
Miles, FE ©. Towne and Julian Walker, The
work is not calculated as a show piece for so-
loiats, although the tenor has a superb oppor-
tunity which Mr. Williams improved to the

full

 

 

“RECKY SHARP” ENJOINED.

 

an Injanction in Syra-
couse but Was Caught tn Rochester.

Srnacusr, Sept. 27. — Gertrude Coghlan
took a hurried trip down the freight elevator
of the Yates Hotel to-day, skipped into a ¢ loned
carriage at a rear entrance and after being
whirled through the city, arrived at the railroad
yards, where she tripped over rails and ties
to a train on the Auburn road which carried
her to Rochester

Harrison Grey Fiske and his attorney, W H
Kling, reenforeed by local government officers,
were watohing the regular entrance and eleva-
tor of the hotel and the Rochester train on the
New York Central road in an attempt to serve

papere on the actress to prevent the production
of “Becky Sharp” in Rochester to-night The
attempts to serve papers on Managers Delcher
and Hennessy had failed, both men succeeding
in avoiding the officials and taking @ train
for New York. Fiske and Kling then decided to
serve upon Misa Coghlan, but failed in this city
Mr. Kilng said to-day that papers had been
swerved upon Mr Delcher last night, but this the
government officials deny later Fiske and
Kling followed Miss Coghlan to Rochester

Miss Coghlan Skipped

  

Rocnester, Sept. 27.—An effort was made |

by United States wepaty Marshal Burns
to seve an injunction upon Gertrude
Coghiuu end her managers, restraining
he from piay ne “Becky. Sharp,” just
before the performance began at

Lvceurn Theatre thie evening. The officer
was forebiy prevented from serving the
papers, but suc eeded in his object after the
eriortnance, jhe sustis brought by Langdon
Mitchell, who alleges that the play is identical
with his “Vanity f ir’ as played by \irs. Fiske.
He gives $5.000 bonds and the injunction re-
strains the production of the piece by Mss
Coghlan until Oct. 6, when the argument on the
making of it permanent will be made in the
Supreme Court at Syracuse, The suit ts di-
rected against Miss Coghlan, Jatnea B. Delcher
and Frank B. Hennessy.

 

 

TUF YEAR BEGINS AT YALE.
Large Classes in All Departments—Greatest
Gata in the Law School.

New flaven, Conn,, Sept. 27.—Prof, Bernar-
dotte Perrin of the Greek department opened
the two hundredth academio year of Yale
University with services in Battell chapel
to-day. The exercises were slimly  at-
tended. Many of the freshmen did not
know when the exercises were, and ail
of the upper classmen had learned by experi-
ence that no attendance would be taken until
later in the week, All recitations echeduled
for to-day were dismissed after short addresses
hy the various professors. The freshmen
received their admission papers in the afternoon
and work will start in earnest to-morrow,

The entering classes in the various depart-
ments are very much larger than those which
entered the university last yeur. The official
records at the dean's office show that the aca-
demie class will number between 350 and 3H),
an increase of thirty. The Sheffield fresh-
men will have a class of almost 200. The largest
gain is in the law school, which has not only
secured more Yale graduates to enter its classe-
than ever before but will have almost 100 men
in its junior, or first-year class

Lhe school of forestry, which was endowed
last spring by James G. Pinchot of New York,
began its year to-day with informal addressés
hy several of the faculty Half a_ dozen stu-
dents began work in thiacourse. Prof. Henry
W. Rogers, who was formerly President of
Northwe tern University, has arrived and
will rake charge of the classes In the law schoo
which were formerly in charge of the late Prof
KE. J. Phelps

   
  

 

 

HE FEARED ASSASSINATION,

 

An Italian Who Was a Marder Witness Kills
Himself to Fall River.

Provipence, R IL, Sept. 27.—Girado Viola,
an Itallan, killed himself by inhaling gas ina
River hotel on Tuesday. He was not
identified until yesterday, when a search made
for hin by the police of Bristol resulted in the
discovery of his remains. Several weeks ago
a Pole was killed at Barrington and two men
and a woman are on trial this week for the
murder. Viola was a leading witness for the
Rtate and the Sheriff took him for sale keep.
ing. He repeatedly told the Sheriff that his
life had been threatened by several of his fel-
low countrymen in case he testified against the
prisoners. He was much frightened and was
apparently convinced that he was marked for
assassination. He obtained permission of the
Sheriff to go to Fall River on Monday He
went to a small hotel in that city Monday night,
turned on the gas and died.

WOMAN FUUGHT TO DROWN,

And When They Rescoed Her, Smoked a Cigar-
ette Going to the Station.

Nellie Connolly of 512 Second avenue, Jumped
into the North River at the foot of Seventeenth
atreet yesterday, She refusedto takea rope's
end that was t!rown to her and fought against
being rescued by two men Who went after her
in a rowboat When si@ was pulled ashore
ehe begged fora cigarette, which she emoked
on the way to the police etation

 

 

Saloon Keeper Convicted ef Arson,

Waite Puarxs, N. Y., Sept. 27.—Patrick
Cooney, the Mount Vernon saloon keeper, who
wason trial forarson in setting flreto his sa-
loon in August last, was found guilty by a jury
in the County Court tordiy, Judge Lent gave
Cooney's counsel a stay util Oct. 6, at which
time arguinent will be heard for a new trial,

 

The Rey. Dr. Dix Slightly Nl.

The Rev. Dr. Morgan Dix, the recior of
Trinity Church, ts confined to his room at his
home, 27 West Twenty-fifth etreet, by a aevere
eld. It was sald there yesterday, however,
that {t was expected that he would be out of
the house within a day or two.

 

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN.
Five year-old Mary Weisshopt of S54 First avenue.
Was » over by an tee wagon and killed yesterday
afternoon at Fo:ty eighth atreet aid First avenue
Wiliam Andress of 310 West Forty Orat street. the
driver, was arrested

NEVER BEFORE IN THE HISTORY OF N.Y.

An Opportunity Laid Before Those Whe
Seek Apartments or Houses.

There never was a time in the history of New York
when there was such a large and abundant supply of
bousing to let ip proportion to the demand as this
year. The result is tuat hundreca of owners are
offering reduced rents, wile others, tuough nominally
| intaining the old rents, make concessions in the

a f free oceupancy No tenant can oe sure that
| ¢ is obtcining the terms tit-ed to according
| t t | condition of the market without en ex
| “tigation and of diplomatic nego
| vith avents have sourself the necessity of
| a prsonal seare nd of useless debates by inserting

an ads. in Teil

a0

he ts €

ended teur of tn

 

 

SUN stating the kina of accommo
dation vou want and the approximate location. This
will secur © 3Ou the best terms the mark n

Sie ,y* market har %

the |

 

CHARLES S. PECK WAS SANDBAGOED,
CORONERS PHYSICIAN SAYS.

 

Picked Up Lifeless at Daybreak In a West
Side Street, Watch, Rings and Money Gone
—Hlad Been Drinking, bat Was Far From
His Usual Hawate—No Clue to His Slayer.

Charles 9. Peck, a real estate agent of 30
West Thirtieth street, was found dead on the
sidewalk in front of 217 West Seventeenth
street by Policeman Kehoe of the West
Twentieth street station, at 5:90 o'clock yester-
day morning Peck's body was extended at
full length, face downward, with the bead
pointing toward Ninth avenue The face
was bloody. There was an abrasion over
the right eye, a scratch on the bridge of the
nose and the left eye was blackened as by 4
blow. The immediate conclusion of the police
was that the man had fallen and died in con-
sequence. No particular effort was made to
et at the facts in the case until Coroners’
Physician Weston made an autopsy in the
afternoon. He found the skull beneath the
abrasion fractured and the brain on the oppo-
site side of the skull ruptured He expressed
the opinion that Peck had been sandbagéed.
Then the police went to work

The fact that no money or jewelry save one
ring, which was very tight on the finger, was
found on the body was strong evidence that
Peck had been robbed, because he was known
to have had money and a watch earlier in the
evening. The police admitted this, but they
were inclined to the belief that he had been
robbed before meeting his death or that some
one had gone through his clothes and had
robbed him after death

Peck was 70 years old. He had been in the
real estate business in this city since 1866 He
caine here from Rochester. He was married but
childless and lived with his wife at 13 West
Eighty-fourth street. Mrs. Peck has been spend-
ing the suinmer at Lexington in the Catskills.
Peck intended to go there yesterday morning by
the day boat which leaves Weat Twenty-second
street at 9 o'clock, On Wednesday afternoon
he cashed a check for $50 at the Astor National
Bank for this purpose. He left his office about
5 o'clock and visited several saloons on Broad-
way. At 7 o'clock in the evening he was in
Haan’s café at 1286 Broadway, drinking with
Edward French, a banjo player of 215 Weat
Fortieth street, who was a friend of his They
were seen there as late as 9 o'clock by Arthur
‘. Pierson, an actor, of 282 Bast 7 hirty-fourth
street, and Thomas H. Poole, an architect, of 15
West Thirtieth street, both acquaintances of
Peck. ‘The four had drinks together.

Pierson and Poole left Peck and French to-
gether in the café, The employees there say
they retmained until after midnight, drinking
enough to be hilirious, French declares that
he leit the saloon at 10:30 o'clock and separated
from Peck in the street when the latter in-
sisted on having more drinks at Jim Corbett's
place. French's wife says he got home about

11:30 o'clock and told her be had been with
Peck, Manager Grant of Kid MoCoy’s place
says that Peck came in there about midnight,
lie was alone and drunk. He left a bag
containing flty shotgun cartridges and went ot
What he did alter tiat is not known, How
he came to be wanderng about in the
vicinity of Ninth avenue and heventeenth
streetisnotknown. Itisnotan inviting neigh-
borhood and ho one could be found yesterday
who saw Peck alive in that part of town. Po-
iceman Kehoe says that he passed the spot
where the body was twenty minutes before
hefoundit. There was then noone tn the street
Mrs. Christina Herbs, a midwife, who lives at
403 West Seventeenth street, says that she
was awakened at 4 o'clock by the ories of a
woman who was running alor Seventeenth
street toward Ninth avenue

  
 

Mrs. Herbs did |

not investigate because such @n occurrence |

is not unusual thereabouts

At o'clock she got up as usual, She missed
her cat and about 6:20 she went into the street
in search of itand passed the place where Peck's
body was found ten minutes later, The body
was not there then and she saw no one in the
street. She heard no sounds of a blow or a
fall. No one else could be found who had seen
Peck prior to his death or had heard any dis-
turbance in the neighborhood after the passing
of the screaming woman, which ta thought to
have no connection with Peck's case Tt was
suggested that the body might have been
brought in a cab from a distance and dumped
out there, but there is nothing to show this,

When Policeman Kehoe found the body he
summoned an ambulance from the New York
Hospital. Dr. Kenyon was the ambulance
surgeon in charge He told the policeman the
man was dead, but no more. He expressed no
opinion as to how long Peck had been deed, nor
would he yesterday afternoon. The body was
drenched with the rain and the rain had ceased,
Mra, Herbs said, beforeshe went looking for her
eat. Peck, however, might have been wander-
ing about at that time. The body was sent to
the West Twentieth street station, and later to
Howe's undertaking rooms at 5 Seventh avenue,
where the autopsy was performed. All the or-
wanes of the body except the brain were in good
eondition for a man of Peck's years, ead Dr
Weston had no hesitation {n saying that frac.
ture of the skull was the cause of death He
was convinced that the fracture came from @
blow of a blunt instrument

“ftis atypical san bag injury,” he sald, “he-
cauae of the long narrow abrasion three inches
br an inch and a half, because of the thin linear
fracture and the laceration and contusion of
the brain on the opposite side of the skull, show-
{ng the blow to have been one of great force,
The iniury could possibly have been cansed
by a fall, but it is not likely.”

Not a cent was foun! In Peck'’s pocketa,
Hoe had only a bunch of keys, a pocket com-
yacs and some letters, which led to his icenti-
Reation, His frien « say that he was a grent
lover of watches. He had
house, gathere! from pawnbrokers, He often
earrie! two or three with him None was
found, and his two iewelled rings were nilesitu.

Peck was fond of hunting and fishing, To-
gether with R. G. Dun he was interested in
a forty-acre tract of land on Long Island,
where there were four ponds stocked, it is
said, with 100,000 pounds of trout, He was
not a wealthy man, but was comfortably off
financially,

Mr, Peck is expected to arrive from the
Catskills to-day,

a collection in his

 

The Death of Lieut. James D. Danner.

WaASHINOTON, Sept. 27.—Gen. MaoArthur tel-
egraths to the War Department from Manila
that Second I.leut. James D, Danner, Twenty-
eighth Volunteer Infantry, died this morning
of a wound received by the accidental! discharge
of his pistol. Lieut. Danner vas a native of
Vannev vanta, ani hed prior service as a private
{n the F ghth Pennsy lwania Volunteer Infantry
during the Spavish-American War, :

 

Populations of Cities.

WasnrnoTon, Sept. 27.—-The Census Office
has announced the population for 1900 of the
following cities:

Memphis, Tenn., 102,820; increase, 87,826, or

88 45 per cent
Houston, Texas, 44,633; increase,17.076, or 61.97

per cent,

 

The Weather.

The cold wave from the Northwest, with an area of
hieh pressure, spread yesterday over the Central States
and the Lake regions, where the temperature fell 10
to 20 degrees. Temperatures ranging from 2
to 12 below freezing continued in the Dakotas,
Montane and the northern part of lowa and Nebraska,
Frost occurred tn Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota,
the Dakotas and Montana.

There was a beltof showers preceding the advance
of the cold wave, covering the country from Texas
northeast to Indiana and Ohio, heavy rain falling in
Kansas Heavy showers fell in the early morning
siong the middle Atlantic and lower New England
coasts, principally 4s thunderstorms; elsewhere over
the country the weather was fair

In this city the day waS fair with slight change In
temperature; averags humidity, 68 per cent.; barom-
ter, corrected to read to sea level, at 8 A. M., 30.07;
3P. M., 30.04.

The temperatare as recorded by the official ther
mometer, and also by Tas SUN'S thermometer at the
street level, is shown in the annexed table:

—OMeiai~ Sun's| —OMcial— Sun's.

 

1900, 1609 1900 1900, 1699. 19%,

fA. N.67° sae 60°| OP. M..71° 87° 73°

12M 72 hae 73° OP M..48° 54° 68°

3 P, M..73° 60° 73° if Mid.. 67° 51° 7

WASHINGION FORFCAST FOR TO-DAY AND
fO-MORROW.

For the District of Coiumbla, Delaware and Mary-
land, showers this morning, followed by clearing and
colder: fair tomorrow; winds becoming fresh north.

For eastern Pennsylvania and New Jersey, colder
to-day, with fair in north and showers in south por
tions; fair to morrow; winds becoming fresh north

For eastern New York, fair and colder to-day; fatr
to-morrow; winds becoming fresh north,

For New Engiand fair to-day and colder, except
in the por beast and extreme southeast of Maasacbu-
sett fresh west to north winds

For western New York fair and colder to day; fair
to-morrow

For western Pennsylvania and Onto, fatr today and
colder in south portion; falr tomorrow; fresh north
winds

falt to morrow

    
    

  

LAST YEAR'S IMMIGRATION,

 

Am Increase of 100,000 Over the Previous
Year—Mest of It From Southern Earop*
WASHINOTON, Sept. 27,--Commissioner of

Immigration Fitchie, at New York, bas aub-

mitted his annual report of the work of in-

speoting immigrants at that port for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1900, The period covered
is the last year of the firat decade of Federal
control of immigration, The total number
of aliens arriving at New York last year was

400,842. To this number should be added

99,700 citizens, making a total of 500,602 indi-

viduals who came within the scope of inspec

tion at the Barge Office, Of the latter number

21,057 were steerage passengers. Of the aliens

arriving 345,706 came by steerage; of these

3,004 were in tranait through the United Btates

and $6,765 were alien residents returning to

this country, leaving 904,947 immigrants within
the common acceptation of the term.

The report shows that there is a steadily In-
creasing tendency of immigration from South
European and Oriental countries, Notwith-
standing the fact that the fmmigration for
last year shows an increase of nearly 100,000
over that of the previous year, the old source
of immigration, Scandinavia, the German Em-
pire and the United Kingdom, altwsether con-
tributed only 9,723 toward this increase. Tm-
migration from Austria-Hungary increased
97,000 the past year. The immigration of
Croatians and Slovaks, which began a few years
ago, {a now more than double that of the
English, Roumania sends here practically as
many immigrants as Norway, confined en-
tirely to the Hebrew population.

For purposes of comparison the established
custom {s followed in the report of considering

as immigrants the alien steerage passen-
gors, exclusive of those in transit, this
figure being 341,712. Of this number 238,-
414 ‘were males and 113,208 were females. By

races these were as follows; Armenian and
Syrian, 3,600; Bohemian, 2,529; Croatians and
Dalmatians, 9,521; Dutch and Flemish, 1,616;
English, Scotoh and Welsh, 6,917, against 6,187
Jast year; Finnish, 6,783, French, 1,956; Ger-
mans, 23,821; Greek, 15,734; Hebrews, 44,520;
Irish, 25,200; Northern Italy, 16,600; Southern
Italy, 82,520, against 84,475 the year before;
Lithuanians, 9,170; Magyars, 11,863; Pollsb,
96,835, against 23,015 the year before; Portu-
guese, 3,779; Ruthenians, 2,663; Scandinavians,
28,847; Slovaks, 25,392; Spanish, 309; all others,
808. Only the English, Scotch, Welsh, the
French and the Armenian and Syrians show
a decrease from the previous year.
Comparisons as to illiteracy and money
brought per capita show wide variations as
regards the different races or peoples. The
largest amount of money per capita ($20) was
brought by the Germans and the English, Scotch
and Welsh. It is estimated that over 60 per
cent. of immigrants come here on prepaid
tickets, purchased in this country, or on licketa
purchased on money sent them from this aide,
Mr. Fitchie touches upon the subject of
objectionable Italian immigrants and deplores
the fact that there are thousends of persons
in Italy whose sole occupation consists in fer-
menting popular discontent and persuading
the people to come to this country. More
objectionable, he claims, than the Italian tmimi-
grants are those from the Orient These are
Syrians and Greeks, who crowd into certain
classes of occupation and may be generally
found as pedlers, push-c@a*t venders and itiner-
ants, practising what is practically mendicancy
and becoming public nuisances. The united
Charities of New York, the report saya, have
repeatedly, during the past year, called Mr
Fitchie’s attention to the public charge that
these people have become
The report says that enough evidence has
accumulated during the past year to convince
the Commissioner that a considerable impor-
tation of women for immoral purposes is con-
atantly going on. New York suffers most
from this, and the report suggests @ special
investigation on this subject
The total receipts at the Barge Office from
head tax, &c., for the past year, amounted to
457,172, and the disbursements were $155,463,
eaving a balance of $271,704

Movements of Naval Vesaels.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 27—The new battleship
Missouri has arrived at Bremorton, Wash., and

the training ship Lanoaster at Iisbon. The
torpedo boat Craven has sailed from Porta-
mouth, N. H., for Newport and the cruiser To-
peka from Tou pkinsvilie for Lisboa.

Army and Navy Orders.
WASHINGTON, Gept 27. —These army orders were

lasued to day:

First Lieut Jesse L. Hall and Second Lieut Jobn
A. Jackson, Thirty Uuird Infantry, honorably dis
charged.

Capt Charlies M. Auger, Assistant Quartermaster,
assigned as Quartermaster and Acting Colmmissary
on the Wansport Nevlellan.

Capt Charies W. Jefferson, Forty-ninth Infantry,
honorably discharged.

Major Tuomas Cruse, Quartermaster, to Gan Fran
cieco and thence © Manila

Acting Assistant Surgeon William T. Tanner,
from Fort Myer to Fort Wadsworth, relieving Acting
Assistant Surgeon Edmund Harry, ordered to San
Francasoo for transportation to Manila

First Lieut Weston P. Chatwnberlatn, Aasistant
Surgeon, from the Division of the Philippines to San
Francisco,

First Lieut. Jere B. Clayton, Assistant Surgeon,
from Vancouver Barracks to Fort Myer,

First Lieut Thomas J. Kirkpatrick, Assistant
Surgeon, from Fort Myer to Fort Barrancas, relieving
Capt, Champe C, MeCulloch, Jr, Assistant Surgeon,
ordered t San Francisco,

 

These naval orders were issued

Hear Admiral J. G. Watson, to duty aa Preatdent
of the Naval Bxamining Hoard, Washington Yard.

Capt. ¢ J. Barelay and Capt. F. Courtls, from
the War College ou completion of course w bome and
walt orders.

Capt. A. Walker, from the War College to duty as
pemaper of Naval Examining board, Washington

ar

Commander FE. S, Prime, from the War College
on completion of course, proceed home and be ready
for orders to command the Yosemite

Commander W. H. Emory, from the War College
on completion of course to home and walt orders,

LieutenantCommander J. M. Orchard, order to
Nava! Academy revoked, to home ard wait ordera

Lieutenant Commander J, M. Helm, from the Six-
teenth Lighthouse District to command of the Doro
thea,

Lieut. KE. Capehart, to Bureau of Equipment for
temporary duly for compass instructions.

Lieut W. L. Rodgers, relieved from duty as nmavi-
poset ee the Indlanasod to duty immediately as execu-
ive

Lieut A. C. Almy, from the New York to the In-
diana as navigator,

lieut P. A. Bispham, order detaching from tor
pedo station and to Annapolis modified: proceed home
when detached from torpedo station,

Lieut J. H. Glennan, from the Naval Academy
to the Vicksburg as executive and Davicator

Ensign LD. M. Garrison, from the Kentucky to the
logiant. ¥, L. Shemer one »

ensign F. L. Sheffield, order from the Indi
the Indianapolis revoked. tndians to

Ramen L. ©. Palmer, from the Indiana to the Ken.
tucky.

Ens F. H. Brumby, to the Naval Academ

Nava) Cadet V. A. Kimberly, order from the
iene 2 onesseve ieee

Naval Cadet ’ and, order fro: ‘
York to Annapolis Leesked, = Se he

Naval Cadet C. P. Snyder, proceed home when
detached from torpedo station Instead of to Annapol!

Assistant Surgeon K. Ohnesorg, from the Naval
Academy to the \ eseyure

Assistant Surgeon A. Stuart, from the Fortune
and resume duties on the Yorktown.

a Surgeon E. V. Armstrong t© the Ver-

n

 

of a good pianoforte partakes
of the nature of an invest-
ment inasmuch as it yields
its annual return of musical
profit for a long period, and
at the end of that time the

capital thus invested is but
little impaired. The

Masons Hanlin
PIANOS

not only yield the investor
the highest return in musical
profit, but their ever in-
creasing reputation secures
him against impairment of
the capital invested.

Warerooms, 3 and 5 West 18th St.
Near Fifth Avenue

Ds
,

“| NEW

  
 

mn

   
   
  

III I I I
a

Fs

ee oe

   

JERSEY GOLF

M BE 1

THE ANNUAL CHAMPIONSHIP STARTED
AT THE BSSEX COUNTY COUNTRY CLUB.

 

Howard A. Colby Captures the Score Prize
—Newcomcrs Prominent to the Medal and
Match Play—Tyng and Des Raismes Win
After Close Cails—Taylor Writes to Vardon.

Seventy-three finished out of ninety-nine
entries in the first annual championship of the

New Jersey State Golf Association yesterday

at the Essex County Country Club The asso-

ciation’s committee was represented by Paul

Wilcox and L. St. Clair Colby, while the home

club's officials, Messrs. Powers-Farr, Slevin

and Ormsby, made an efficient board of helpers

[he course had been put in spick and span

condition for the event, with new direction

posts, water pails and brushes at each tee box,
and in other little details, while the fair and
putting greens had all received a special prep-
aration, The clubhouse was thrown open to
the visitors and every oue had an enjoyable
time, There was a “gallery” under the tent to
watoh the starting, and again at the tenth tee to
wateh th: drives over the gully, ‘To sum up, the
tneeting was both a social and golfing success.

The feature of the qualifying round was the fine

play of the aix leaders Howard A. Colby, who

holds the amateur record of the course at 74,

mad when the greens were notso dry, winning

out the low score prize with an 82, with three
tied at 83. The younger set were very proin-
inent, while some of the players who have made
great reputations for the New Jersey clans
were in surprisingly poor form. The frst
sixteen qualified for the championship, the
second ais teen for a consolation cup, and there
was also a team cup, which was won by Fasex

County. ‘The distances Were:

Out—248, 352, 146, 440, 260, 2038, 170, 166, 332-

2.4138 yards
In--SA0 250, 410, 838, 160, 285, 290, 130, 210—
2,504 yards
The qualifying scores follow:
CHAMPIONSIUP SIXTEBN.

Howard A. Colby, Essex ¢ ounty«
4

 

 

 

Our 463656 4 4 6-89
In 64643 6 6 & 4~43— 82
Archibald Graham, North Jersey—
Out : 4666465 4 4-41
in 767438 6 3 3 5-42— 63
W. ¥. Marsh, Baltusrol-
out 16 35 6 6 8 3 8-88
In 6 465 5 6 & 6 4 b-45— 83
Dr. Join A. Wells, Englewood--
Out 454464 6 5&5 4 & 4-48
Tees .5 45 63 6 & 4 4-41— 83
Paul Wilcox, Montclatr—
Out 464666 44 5-41
lo ‘ 756 65 44 6 6 4-45— 86
Charles Lb. Storrs, Essex County~
Out.. : we4 6 39 6S 48 4-59
TD. sccecess «7 46663 7 6 @ 4-47— 86
Out. In Totai
George H. Bowley. Jersey City... 47 40 87
It G. Hughes, North Jersey 45 42 87
©. F Watson, Jr., Essex County 41 49 67
James A. Tyog. Baltusrol ae 44 87
William Scott North Jersey a4 44 45
W. L Glenney, Hillside 45 4s aA
Mare M. Michael, Yountakah.....45 44 ag
P.C Pulver, Yountakah eve 45 a5 po
F. A. Marcellus, Yountakah 42 45 90
Howard Underhill Essex County,43 47 oo
CONSOLATION CUP,
F. J. J. des Raismes, Baltusrol...42 47 90
Cc. F. Watson, Essex County......45 45 90
T. T. Reid, Montclair 43 48 v1
William Runkle Exsex County....46 45 vi
Sidney Colgate, Essex County 44 as 93
A. H. Lariio, Yountakah... .46 44 v2
C. M. Hamilton, Baltusrol. 46 44 p2
T. H. Powers Farr, bssex County. 44 is v2
G. H. Young, Yountakah - 46 7 95
George A. Toffey, Jersey City 46 47 vA
Austin Colgate, Essex County 46 47 9s
W. D. Vanderpool, Morris County.44 Ae 03
Hamilton Scott, North Jersey 47 46 v5
I, St Clair Colby, Essex County. 45 4s 93
Hugh K, Toler, Baltusrol Al 6a w4
J. D. Freeman, Montelalr. ...++000046 45 oa
The other scores were:
W. D. Kirker, North Jersey... ....47 46 65
Paul Kennaday, Monteatr 46 0) v6
J W Halsey, Yountakah.... 45 $1 94
George Richards, Essex County. 5! 45 va
F. B. Lindsley, Essex County, 45 a 07
Jesper Lyneb, Lakewood » 40 4s v7
FE. W_ Bary, Yountabah..........52 45 97
A. L Drayton, Jersey City sik 47 97
i. F. Sanford, Essex County......47 ft os
F. M. Freoman, Lakewood aaa fi ws
M Goodbody, North Jersey.......45 65 es
W A. Brvant, Essex County......40 av vs
G. B. Jenkinson, 2d Essex Co. 46 52 vs
M. BK Metcalf, Essea County......48 él vo
Clarkson Runyon, Jr, Jersey
City... : scan 4? 00
G. Lee Stout, Jr, Essex County. 47 ni as
Ldgar H. Booth, Engiewood. ....47 6s 100
A. B.ELiott. Montclatr eee BA 47 100
H. C. Hornfeck, Montetalr......648 83 100
F. 8B Kimball, Lakewood... ae 51 100
C. M. Marvin, Montelatr........6..48 54 lez
W. L. Baylis. Englewood coos OF 61 102
F. L. Sehoonmaker, Hillside $2 50 102
W. J. Kingsiand, Essex County 43 ao 103
4. HL Pelaer, Jersey City Si iS 104
W. C. Ridgeway, Jetsey Ciby.. 50 54 104
I. P. Slevin, Essex County coves B38 104
T. C. Funever, Montclatr 48 56 104
George M Gill, Essex County... 58 47 108
James Valentine, Montciair......61 4 105
]. Daniels, Montalatr sac cee 51 107
W. C. Cusbman, Baltusrol,.......65 Af 110
C. B. Cory, Yountakah seen Bd 57 wt
ot. Thien, Jr, Jersey City oc OB 59 M1
H.W. Thayer, Montclair 83 bs 111
ib. G. Burgess, J Montclalr +66 5 113
The team scores follow:
Essex County—C. F. Watson, Jr,, 87; CF. Watson,

Sr.. vo; T. H. Powers-Parr, 02; H. A. Colby, 62.
Total, 451

North Jersey—R, F. Hughes, 47; W. D. Kirker, 05;
A. Graham, 83: W. Scott, 54, Total. 353

Baltusro!l -J. A. Tyng. 87; H. K. Toler. 04; A M,
Hamilton, 02; W. Y. Marsh, 83. Total, 356
Younkatab -M. M, Michael, 80; AH. Larkin, 92;
F. A. Marcellus, 90; G. W. H. Young, 93. Total,
664.

Montelair—T. T. Reid, 99; 1. D. Freeman, 04; Paul
Wiicox, 66; A. B. El lots 100. Total, 371

Lakewood—Jasper Lynch, #7; F. M. Freeman, 98;

F. P. Kimball, 1.0; "H. B Billings, 92. Total, 387
Jersey City—G. A J ofey 93; G. MH. Bowley, 87;
M. ‘Tilden, Jr. 111; W. C. Rideway, 104. Total, 395,

Morris County, Hillside and Englewood withdrew.
*Did not play In qualifying round

At match play the scores were all lower, for
the greens had dried out in the sunshine, an
overnight rain laving made them somewhat
siow in the morning. W. Y. Marsh returned a

great score in bis match with G. H. Bowley, as
lollows:

5 25645 @€ 8 5-39-
+645 638 44 3 4-38— 77

In t.e morning Marsh went out in $8and he
seems to be on his bestgame. Tyng hidtoplay
an extra hole to beat Pulver, and Des Kaismes
had also to play out a tie to beat Watson, Sr.
‘Tbe summaries
Champlonship-—First round—Marsh beat Bowley
by 7 up and 6 to play: Michael beat Wilcox, by 3 up
and 2 0 play: travam beat Storrs, by 7 upandé
lay: r, Wells beat Hughes, by 2 up; H.
Colby beat Glenney, by 3 upand 2 to play; Watson, Jr.,
beat W. Scott, by 6 up and 5 |] play; Tyng beat Pui:
ver, tupil® holes); Under beat Marcellus, by 4
up and 4 to play.
Consolation Cup--First round—Reld beat Powers
Farr. by 2 upand | to play; Larkin beat Runyon, by
i up; Hamilton beat A. Colgate, by 4 up and §$ to
Ris Toftey beat Vanderpool, by 2 up; Scott beat 1,
Fea lair Colby by ° uP ane 4,40 Dey Freeman beat
oler, by 2 up an o play; Des Rais ‘at-
gon, St., 1 up (10 holes). ’ mB Oe WEnt Wey
Winners play as named {nthe second round
The two most important absentees were Allan
Kennaday, who was detained by business, and
Peroy Pyne, second, the collegs champion who
had an examination on at Princeton,

Cuicaao, Sept. 27.—Walter B. Sinith of On-
wentsia, Who made the best showing in the tearm
contests against bogey vesterday, continued
his good work in the qualifying round in the
play for the Western Golf Association ahampion-
thip at Onwentsia to-day by negotiating the
thirty-six holes in the record-breaking figures
of 161. His 78 for the second round of elghteen
holes is an unprecedented amateur record for
the course, being six strokes less than bogey
The sixteen players who qualify to continue
at match play for the Champlonship cup are
WB. Smith, Onwentsia, 161; Walte . °
wentsia, 167; John Stuart, Wibpue pate
W. | Osborne, Glenview, 174; Willlam Holabird. Jr.
Glenview, 174; Gale Thompson, Washington Park:
174; Chandler Egan, Exmoor. 170; Willfam Waller,
Onwentala, 179 aller Knott, Edgewater, |42: al.
bert Schoiler Sinnisippt, 182:G. A. Yuie Kenosha
143; A. G. Bennett, Skokle 144: C Daniels, Mid!
Jothian, 164 N's G Bristol, Midiothian, 185; M.
oran, Jr, St aul, 65; , ae

thian, 147 = Tyne, Eide

Thirty-two players qualified for tw

cups The firet mach play round and oF
finals will be played to-morrow.

 

 

MontTcLain, Sept, 27 —There was a ball sweep-
stake of the Montclair links thi afternoon
among the women mernbers, Mrs Danids wip-
nog withnet seoreofii2 The scores:
Mrs, Daniels, 122, 10-112; Mrs. Thay

119; Mise Leskom, 194, 10-128; Mrs. Harrisons
138, 6-145; Mrs. Pliniton, 156, 15-143.

The semi-final round for the women's cham-
pionship of Harbor Hill was decided esterday
when Mias Marion Worth defeated Mira Helen
&mythe by & up and 6 to play, while Mra Upham
beat Mies Agnes Smythe ly 1 up. Miss Worth
beat all previous records for the firat nine hol
Her card read: 4, 4, 7, 5, 4, 6& 5, & 6—48 The
final will be played on Tuesday.

Jack Vickery has planned a new and very
good nine-hole oourse for the Sagaponack Golf
Club of Brdgehampion, doing away with the
drt joes ay din iking a playing length of 2,590
yards. ‘The former course had ¢ dis-
tance of 1,900 yards ie or =
RYE, Sept, 27.--At the Apawamis Club to-day
the following sixteen qualified for the Gov-
ernors’ oup

Miss S F. Read, Mrs. H. T.
Pus, Miss R. Nedwill, Mi Lk Latbewe, re $.
Mathews, Mra. ©. S. Towle, Mise H. M. Neilson,

a
a
—$—$—$—$_—$—$_—$_$_—$_———_—

a i (i

SODA FOUNTAIN -FOR

A

rarer

j

EVERY HOME

 

cee eevee cscs”

TRADE MARK
Small Stee! Capsules, Filled With Liquid Carbonic-Acid-Gas

MAKE ALL DRINKS SPARKLING.

The difficulty experienced by many persons in digesting milk
will be removed if it is aerated with a SPARKLET. The Car-

bonic Acid Gas not only renders
the milk more easy of digestion,
but assists the stomach in the
performance of its functions. The
milk so aerated will also keep

fresh a. long time.

Pint bottles, $1.50 up.

Pint syphon attachments, 50 cts.

Quart syphons, $3.00 up.

Pint SPARKLETS (40 in a box), 25 cts.
Quart SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 40 cts.

Mineral Tablets and Fruit Syrups Furnished.

 

All Dealers. Write for Booklet.

   
 

Compressed Gas Capsule Co., B’way & 25th St., N. Y. City.

 

  
   
        
      
    

Nine-Tenths

  
 
   

easily by a touch and opens by
groping around for the eye to the

Most

of the new gowns close on the shoalders and at ander arm seams. The

SNAP HOOK AND EYE

THE HOOK OF 1900

ts particularly Well adapted for ase With this style of gown, as tt closes
a short, guick twitch.
raination of trimmings.

“(THE SNAP DOES IT.”’

Jf your dealer does not keep them, send 10 cts. for a sample card.
Say whether WHITE or BLACK.

SNAP HOOK & EYE CO. .. 377 B’way, N. Y. City

a

   

  

TD reqatres no

ae lt

unskilful person can prepare

SOOK’S FLAKED RICE

 

Miss F. S Mathews, Miss M. S Towle, Miss M,
Gwynne, Miss M. Downey. Mra Ho M. Park, Mrs G

S. Dearborn, Mrs. Li. W. Cooper and Mrs. E G,

Ballou.

 

HACKENSACK, Sept. 27.—The final play for the
J.A. Pfarre cup for women, nine holes, ye=ter-
day afternvon, resulted tn a victery for Mrs.
Walter Bb. Smith, who beat Mrs, (. Blauvelt two
strokes with net «cores o! 46 and 48, resueo-
tively. Those who also fivish: d were:

Miss Ackerman, 82; Mrs, Felt, 56: Mra. Van De
Water, 40; Miss, U. Mackea, 52; Mrs. Moffat, 62;
Mrs. F. B. Van Vorst, 58.

Mrs. Smith, the winner, had 8 points, Mra
Van De Water 5, Mra. Blauvelt4. The regular
club championship will be plaved during Octo-
ber.

Prrtsrikip, Kept. 27.—The annual com-

tition for the Manice cup brought out a big
teld of players and excited much interest,
as it is the only championship trophy that Is
played for only by members of Berkshire county
clubs. The conditions for qualifying were
eighteen holes handicap. Those who quali-
fied were’

J. MeAvanee, 01, 4—47: FE. A. Manice, 09, 12—87;
C. J. Symes, 04, 6—88; Mrs_K. A. Manice, 101, 14—
87: H. W. Allen, 02. 2—90; EB. A. Thompson, 03, 2
91; E. A. Bradley. 102, 8-04; ©. Houghton, 107, 12
~—95, H. I. wes, Jr., 194, 8-06; Miss Kobbe, 116,
20--96; Miss Lapsiey, 119, 20—v¥; Miss Lasigi, 126,
25—101; Miss Kehisaat, 127, 25--102, M R Mart
wes, 125, 16-107; Mra A. Cummock, 135, 27--105;
L. Chauvenet, 127, 15—112.

The firet round match play resulted as follows

lL. Chauvenet, 14, beat M. R. Martinez, 14. by 7 up
and 6 w play; L. Dawes, Jr., &. beat J. F. Symes,
6, by 2 up: B. A. Thompson, 2, beat Miss Lapsiey, 20,
b\ 4 up and Sto play; Airs. Eo A. Manice, 14, beat
Mrs Cummock. 27, by 5 up and 4 to play; B.A
Matice, 12, beat Miss Kohissat, 27, by Cup and 4
to plas; C. Hough.on, 12, bewt Miss Lasigi, by de
fault: HL. Ailen, 2. beat Miss Kobbe, 20, by 6 up
and Sto play; E. A. Bradiey, 5, beat J. MeAvauce,
4, by 2 up and 1 to play.

The match pluy will be continued to-morrow.

 

Judging by the nmumberef advan en-
tries, the starters In the U. 8. G. A. open chain-
pionship next week will be fully up to last
year's total of sixty-ope professionals and
eleven amateurs. The lists closed last night,
but beyond saying that both Vardonand Taylor
were entered, Secretary Kerr would not give
out any information vesterday. After the
overnight mails come in to-day, the entries
will be tabulated and Secretary Kerr will then
give out the list

The following letter sent out vesterday fron
the representative of J. H. Taylor e ;
itaelf: 7 aplains
C..S, Cot, Esq... Manager of Harry Vardon:

Dear Sm: In view of the stron desire on the
pn of Fastern golf players who wiil be unable to gu

Chicaga to see a match between J. H. Tay or aid
roe ardon, Mr. Taylor makes the following pro-

He will play Vardon a 36-hole match
links of ihe clup which will offer the largest ures 3
toe cae a the gore Amount of the purse w go

e veaton relief fund thro »s
Comimeree pe grag ad 1 brough the Chamber of

t would be necessary to play the match on |
within the metrepolitan Alcarias on Tuesdey one
as Mr, Tay or ts obliged W return to England on

Wednesday, Oct. 10

‘rusting that thig suggestion wi!

@pproval of yourself and Mr. Vem nd thai tones
@ competing

may be given at once,in order wo ena

All Grocers.

for Breakfast and there need be no time
wasted in doing it.
thing to have the rice smoking on the
table less than a minute after the pack-
age is opened.

ABSOLUTELY NO COOKING.

It is a simple

Full directions and book of tested receipts

in every package.

Large package, 15 cts.

 

clubs tocontribute the largest possible sum toa mosi
worthy object, no less than t bring about @ comics:
between the two greatest gol! players inthe world, |

am very respectfully, GEORGE S. Coxe,

New York, Sept 27 for J. H. TAYIOR

C, 8, Cox could not be seen last evening. I!
has been extensively announced in the news-
pipers and by means of programmes mailed ven
days age tothe clubsin the U. &. G. A, bow-
ever, that on Luesday, Oct. 9, Vardon ia to alive
an exhibition te open the third an: ual go!
tournament of the Country Club of Scranton
The announcem nt, wiieh is posted on the bul-
letin board at nearly evory M.G. A club, read

Tuesday, Oct. 9, Vardon Day—Harry Vardon wil!
play a S6-hole match against the best ball of
two members of the Country Club of Scranton.

The open tournament will be on Oct. ¢and 6
and, in view of Vardou's engagemect with the
Country Club of Scranton, there would seem to
ee Be hence to play pe rroposed matoh on a

etropoiitan nKS, UDlves y 1
6a ling for a few days. at eer pt

 

OBITUARY,

Thomas H. Lane, 85 years old, died vester-
day morning at his home, 444 Morris avenue,
Elizabeth, N. J. He was born in Philadelphia
He Was an artist and painted some of the ple-
tures in the Capitol at Washington. He was
once assoviated with Edgar Allan Poe in the
publication of the Broadway Journal. In
peat he married a pies Turk of Westcheste:
ounty, And they celebrated their wed-
ding three years ago ; —

George Shaw, a dry goods merchan'
of 573 Broadway, died «ut his home, 140 West
Klghty-sixth street, yesterday. He was born
in Nairn, Scotland, 49 years ago and be-
began his business life in London. He came
to this city in is70 and went to work for Aitken
Sons & Co., a'terward becoming a member
af we are. mr. anew has been ill since last
April. is wife died last June
six children. ’ oF Gare

John ©. Wyman, who has deen known as the
best after-dinner speaker in Rhode Islan id
at hishome in Central Falls yester ay in bis
70th vear Mr, Wytnan was a Civil War veteran,
being a Captain in the Thirty-third Maase-
chusetts. He was for many vears a prominent

ficure at Rhode Island \ , -
Saure at 1 Republican State Con

 

GUARANTLED HEID,
NO MORE TROUBLE

Our truss represents a complete, radical e
from the old siyle trusses, Ail gallin Fat}
springs have been dove away with; all annoying
yressure avoided. Weare abe to hold @ rupture as
arge as your head witha pad the sizeof your thumh
with the silghiest pressure tmaginabl Tho sand
who have tried all trusses and “metho is” tes ify tha
our invention ta the only practical cure for rupture by
KEEPING it properly beld. Large physicians’ pa

tronage
CHAS. CLUTHE CO.,

89 Fast 14th St, bet Sun Av and Unies .
BOOK FREE. > 55

SRE

= 38>

Clar