PAE my

as many more. They likewise assert that a
signal change may be looked for in New
Brunswick, which now sends a Conserva-
tive majority of two to Ottawa. Charlotte
and Kent counties, they say, are pretty
certain to return Liberals; “ Honest
JonN” CosTroan, who supports the Laurier
polley, can hardly be beaten, it is thought,

The gies Sun,

 

I

 

 

FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1000.

———

—_—

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

Serscriptions by Mail, Postpaid. in his county, and the fact that Mr. Em-

PLY, per Montessessceeereersers ssovveeesss 8 BO | emnaon, lately Premier of the Provinelal
SS ats Tools: cus euade LG a 2 0o | Government in New Brunswick, is to run
' , *" g 00 | for the House of Commons, is regarded as

DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year..
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month. ...ceeree

Postage to foreign countries added.
THR SUN, New York Clty.

70 | another strong trump tn the Liberal hand. ;
We observe, lastly, that the Northwest |
i Territories are expected to send four instead
PARIS~Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and | of three Liberal members to the next Par-
Kiosque No 10, Boulevard des Capucines. Hament.
19 our friends who jacor ua wiih manusoripte for | _ If, now, we consider the Canadian political
publication wish fo hare refected artteles raturned, they | fleld from the viewpoint of an {
must in all cases send stamps for that purpose. onlooker, we cannot well resist the oon-
—<———— clusion that the Liberals are destined to

“ With Them All.’’ see their present majority out down to a
er notable extent, but that, nevertheless, they

At Nebraska City, on Wednesday, Brran are likely to remain in power at Ottawa fog
told this significant truth to the employees eome years to come.
of the starch factory there, the seat of the
town’s abjef industry, which Nebraska's
Attorney-General is trying to drive out | Bx
of the State:

 

 

 

 

 

-Senator Hill Resorts to the Dred
Scott Game.

; lawyer as well as a pollti-
“It th le of Nebraska Gity defend the etarch Mr. Hiri. fs a
trust, tees eet be prepared to defend all other trusts, | olan, and tt is to his shame as a lawyer not
for {t te impossible for them to destroy trusts | leas than to his discredit as @ politiclan
located elsewhere and defend « trum located im thetr that he should have attempted deliberately,
ove ay” in his Elmira speech, to deceive the oltizens
To the Nebraska City people, 7 -- who were listening to him when he cited
the march faetory Ib Oe Srendenin wo | $,oremnied - Gese S webe »
hood, and who conseq rt of the United States as a
effort to destroy it, Brran says that the pr al expansion.
sacrifice of that factory Is a necessity of Mr. Hrut said at Elmira:
the Democratic plan to destroy trusts “ ‘Third—There te no place for American colonice
everywhere and utterly. There can be no ander our Constitution.
exception, ‘‘ Leave your work," says the “The Supreme Court of the United States has
prophet of the Democracy, ‘80 that all | atready decided the Constitutional question are
trus " ti and held (19 Howard, 405-447) that ‘there is no
oe ne — — od power given by the Constitution to establish or main-
=> ~ seed ee ee the most tain colonies, bordering on the vere States or
The Nebraska stare ’ t a distance, to be ruled and governed atits own
conspicuous of the victims which Bryan- or

pleasure"
ism dedicates to destruction, ts typical of We observe that this pretended * decision”
a great number of vast enterprises. How is being paraded exultingly tn certain quar-
great the nutnber isis outlined in the aweep- ters, as if it were a new contribution to the
ing statement of the Hon, Jonn B. STANCH- | cage of the antl-expansionista, discovered
FIELD, Democratic candidate for Governor | 4. wr. Hins’s personal researches and
of New York, that “ these aggregations of conclusive as to the question Involved.
capital” (the trusts) “ represent the unif- The World, for example, hails the “ de
cation of every important industry 'D 1) Gision” as * impressive,” and likewise as |
the land.” putting” the official stamp of illegality upon
Under Bryanism every important indus- | the Administration's Philippine and Porto
try in the land would be made to feel @| Ring performances.”
shook such as business has never felt In Continuing, Mr. Hrun spoke of the pas-
the country’s entire history. Any tarlff | 456 quoted by him from 19 Howard, 808-447,
agitation, any panto ever lived through Was | ay = the time-honored decision of that high
a summer breeze to the killing tornado of | ¢rihunal expressly sustaining the Demo-
the Bryan policy against the country’8 | cratic position in this campaign in refer-
industries ence to the unoonstitutionality of American
Does any aenstble man, whether he owns | oolontal governments.”
two dollars or one, want to bring on such Few and perhaps none of Mr. Hri1's
a catastrophe? hearers at Elmira knew what he himself
: a knew perfectly well, namely, the title
Forecasts of the Coming Election | of the case on which was rendered the
in Canada. opinion from which he cited the alleged
1 * conclusive decision.” It is almost enough
Since Mr. Isnant Tarte, one of Sir Wrt- onawer to Mr. Hrit to mention the title |
rrip Lavaren’s colleagues in the Dominios which he suppressed with dishonest intent
Cabinet and his principal coadjutor in ms The case reported in 19 Howard 303-447,
Province of Quebec, announced that a ls Bcorr against SANDFORD ashen aaowe
genera! election would soon take place, the so tame a infamy pt the Dred Scott
mathematicians of both parties have been | case. The opinion is the notorious opinion
busily computing the resulta of the appeal rendered in ia slaveholding interesta by
to the people, The Liberal predictions Chief Justice TANRY: the opinion of which
are based on the assumption that the voters | oo tor spoonmn core remarked in the
will not be stupid enough to overthrow qenahe that it sounded like “a brief for
a Government under which the country Af loan olaver?.” ‘
has attained @ measure of prosperity on Mr HILi's crime against truth did not
is entirely unexampled. The Conserva- on ‘eth hie suppression of the nae
tive prophets on their part assert that the of the case He garbled the sentence
recent prosperity of Canada te dus to gene which he quoted: cutting off Tanry's fur-
eral causes, with which the Laurier Ministry ther denial that the Government of the
has had nothing to do, and they express the Taleed Btates ed any power * toen- |
conviction that thelr party will make great large ita corvherial limita {n any way, ex-
gains among the farmers, who are alleged cept by the admission of new States a "The
to be captivated by Sir CHARLES Supra ® clause of the sentence which Mr. Hin.
assurance that, if placed tn office, he will omitted to quote did not sult his purpose.
secure a preference for their food products It would have rendered ridiculous the part
in the marketa of the United Kingdom. of the sentence which he did quote.
Before reyiewing in detall wae pragnat The third aspect of Mr. HILw's offence
tications made on both sides, let us note the ainst professiona! ethics ig the most
actual proportion of parties in the Ottawa ao acetal. te eitered oa & * decision,”
House of Commons, When the Liberals | , aclae * as tothe Constitutional ques
acquired power in 1896 they had a majority died tavolved what was in fact merely @
of 80, which by adhesions and by elec- dictum. The real point in judgment tn
tions was eventually increased to 58, the Dred Scott case was the exclusive
the figure at which It stood during the lnat | right of Missouri to determine and reg- |
seasion. Now let us see how the Con- ulate the status of persons within her
servatives expect to transform this majority territory, and all beyond that was obiter.
{nto a minority. In the first place, they Chief Justice Taxey’s elaborate doctrine
profeas absolute confidence in their power of that the authority of the United States to
carrying British Columbia and Manitoba. | acquire territory 1s derived solely from the
Their confidence Is based upon thelr success | Constitutional power to create and admit
at the recent — me — former prov- | new States, was framed specially to safe-
{nce, and upon the remarkable popularity : ‘ el
achieved not only in Manitoba but in Ontario guard oe Se on
by Mr. Huon dos Macnowatn, the aon bee the doctrine been advanced, It was
of the late Sir Jorn MaAcDoNALD; he ts | incontravention of numerous prior declara-
to come forward as a candidate against tions from the same exalted bench, and
Mr. Sirton, who was made Minister of the | 44. been ignored and repudiated in niin
Interior in Sir Winrrtp Lacrrer's Cabinet. | apous decisions since the Dred Scott case.
At the further end of the Dominion the | 1; pas been absolutely overthrown by the
Conservatives believe that they — will | resulta of the Civil War
sweep Prince Edward Island and will What shall we think of ‘ laweet ai ali
materially improve their position in Nova | tinction and a politician of experience who
Scotia and New Brunswick. They also goea on the stump to practise, in behalf
look forward to curtailing the present | of a political cause which he hates at heart, |
Liberal majority in the western part of a trick so clumsy, 80 dishonorable and so
Ontario, and to inereasing signally their | ooo. , 1?
usual preponderance in the eastern half | ae ee
Finally, they reekon |

 

 

 

 

of the same province
upon capturing some of the seats now oc- |
cupled by friends of Str Winrrip Larrier
{n the Province of Quebec. In a word,
a political revolution ts predicted, and
clear signs of it are thought to be discerned

A Patriotic Citizen of Georgts.

We print elsewhere on this page a letter |
from a prominent gentleman of Savannah,
in which he announces his intention to
vote for Mr. McKINLEY as a patriotic duty.

 

in the enthusiasm with which Sir CHarnies | In this feeling and purpose he repre-
Tureen has been received lately in the | sents many Southern men, and doubtless
Maritime Provinees, at Montreal and in | represents them also in the fear he ex-

Ontario

The Liberals, on their part, do not pre-
tend that they will be able to retain their
present majority of 58, but they seem to
entertain no doubt that they will secure at

least the majority of 30 which they ob- |

| presses that in discharging the duty he may |

endanger the “ white supremacy ” at the
South upon which they are determined.

How the election of Mr. McKINLEY would

| affect that question in any way we ourselves

cannot understand. The political rights en-

 

 

 

 

 

tained at the general election in 1896. | joyed by the negroes of this country are
They admit that in Manitoba itis probable | conferred by the Constitution and neither |
that the Laurier Government will meet | Mr. McKInLey nor Mr. Bryan could contra- |
with some losses owing to its treatment vene that fundamental law. It is change-
of the school question They also acknowl- | able only by the will of the Legislatures
edge that in British Columbia the political | of three-fourths of the Statea and until |
cards are so mixed as to make it virtually | so changed it must be obeyed by a President
Impossible to forecast the outcome of the | of either party, whatever may be his |
contest in that province. But they insist | personal views as to any of {ts provisions,
that in no case can the local outcome affect | So, also, if methods for eliminating negro
seriously the general result of the elections \ votes adopted by Southern States are de-
through the Dominion. They sav, on, elared unconstitutional by the Supreme
the other band, that in) eastern Ontario | Court, the President is powerless to inter-
they can retain their present strength, | fere with the decision
while in western Ontario they count upon Actually those methods have been adopted
carrying twenty seats instead of the sixteen | and put in practice during a Republican |
which they now hold. If these expec- | Administration and were first made |
tations should be realized, the Liberal | possible when the army was withdrawn
majority in the whole province would be | from the States of the old seceasion Con-
increased fromm 12 to 16 federacy by a Republican President. More-

Then, again, in the Province of Quebee | over, Bryan is appealing for votes by
it is pronounced certain that the Liberals professing devotion to a principle—" the
can keep their actual majority of 90, In- | consent of the governed "which would
asintich as the losses apprehended at cere | make hia toleration of negro disfran- |
tain points will be compensated elsewhere, | chisement complete self-stultification. Of |
The retention of the present Liberal major- | course, it is a purely demagogic cry he is |
a io an pie pana ote am d is also raising, but why any reasoning Soutbern

\ a Seotia’s rep- | man can look upon such a candidate as a

resentatives at the Federal capital during | champion of “ white supremacy ” is be-
0 ager? nthe’ iherals hada majority of yond our comprehension .

‘vee, aud they reckon upon gaining about We do not question thet Mr. Lawton

 

=

 
 
  

| the Palma Trophy

expresses the almost unanimous determ!-
nation of the white people of the Southern
States at this time in saying that “ come
what may, the white man shall rule;” but
practically the white man is now ruling
throughout the South. The negro citizens,
not leas unanimous in supporting the Re-
publican party, have been virtually ite
only representatives there, Naturally,
therefore, certain of the offices in the gift
of a Republican President have gone to
them as the only Republican partisans;
but so few that there has always been dis-
satisfaction and resentment among the
negroes. The States of the old Southern
Confederacy are solidly Democratic, what~
ever the issue, and BrraNn now can rely
on no Electoral votes except the 112 oon-
tributed by them. So far, too, from the
disfranohisement of the negroes having
impaired the obstinate political solidity
of the South against the Republican party,
it has served only to inorease it.

“ White supremacy “ now means a blow
against the prosperity of the nation, though,
as we have shown, the negro question has
no pertinence whatever to this election.
Neither can we see how the appointment
of a few negroes as officeholders affects it.
We have here in New York officeholders
whose place in the publio esteem is fully
as low as that occupied by negroes in the
estimation of the white people of the South;
and very many of the New York votes
which will be joined with those cast under
Southern “white supremacy” against the
property, security and prosperity of this
eity and this country will come from a
degraded element of the electorate whose
domination Mr. Lawron would resent as
much as he does that of the negroes.

Ignorant as the Southern negroes are,
{f the suffrage were allowed them they
would vote as Mr. Lawton will vote in
November, for the conservation of society.
Can he wonder, then, that we up here resent
a disfranchisement whose practical conse-
quence |s to eliminate the opposition to
Bryanism which would take from BRYAN
many Southern Electoral votes? Whether
a voter is black or white, ignorant or in-
telligent, does not concern us, 8o long as
he is with us and against the destruction
of our property. Not his color but his vote
wins our friendship or deserves our enmity.
Southern ignorance voting for MCKINLEY Is
better than Southern intelligence voting for
BryaN—better for us, for the South and for
the whole Union.

When, therefore, Southern men use the
argument that support of Bryan is
necessary to “white supremacy,” is it
surprising that the conservatism of the
rest of the Union gets an opinion of such
supremacy which is not flattering? A
supremacy, white or black or yellow, which
{mperils every man's property is 4 barbarous
supremacy, according to our notions.

As we said the other day, the American
people outside of the old secession Con-
federacy are getting tired of this ever-
lasting negro question; and its use tn the
campaign of 1896 and now again in this
campaign as an excuse for assisting in an
assault on property and the security of
business and the stability of soclety has
exhausted their patience utterly. If the
South constitutionally can disfranchise the
negroes it has no reason to fear outside
interference with the process. If the
methods offend the Constitution {t must
take the consequences; no one can ward
them off. If under the Constitution as
interpreted by the Supreme Court, they can
only be pursued at the cost of leasened

| representation it must pay the price, of

course, whoever {is President. Nor can

| Mr. Lawron blame us for wishing that

already leas power for destruction than
one-quarter of the Electoral votes were
allowed to the Bryanite South.

And this is the South! The South of
“white supremacy!" Once conservative,
now the mainstay of radicalism! The gen-
tlemen of the South supporting WILLIAM
JENNINGS Bryan on the Kansas City plat-
form! Bryanite domination as an escapo
from “negro domination!”

Mr. Lawton, ia not that a humiliating
alternative for men and descendants of
men who won the admiration of the world
by their splendid valor and endurance in
a gigantic war?

Rifle Shooting in 1900.

 

Military rifle shooting 1s almost over
for the season. The ranges at which the
militia of the various States practise are
still open, and those in this neighborhood
will not close until near the end of October,
but the work done on them now {fs all in-
dividual; there {s no more match shooting,
and team practice is ended. The season
has been successful, as a whole, and the
meeting of the National Rifle Association
at Sea Girt, N. J., and the matches of the
National Guard of this State, attracted
more competitors than for many years.

The Sea Girt meeting lasted from Aug.
31 to Sept. 8. At this meeting several of
the famous matches took place that used
to be shot at Creedmoor when that range
was open tothe public; among them may be
named the Hilton Trophy match, the Inter-
state match, and the Palma Trophy match.
In the matches for the Hilton and the Inter-
state trophies, the New York National
Guard entered teams, and did well. Inthe
carbine team match, Squadron A of this

| State won over the team from the New

Jersey cavalry. Squadron A was the only
New York organization to put a team tn
the fleld.

The New York team was beaten in the
matches for the Hilton and the Interstate
New Jersey winning the first
District of Columbia team the
There was no competition for
there has been none
since 1877.-but a team formed on the range
shot against the record score of 8,384 made

trophies,
and the
second.

| in that year, and ran up a score of 2,755.

The Creedmoor meeting of the New
York National Guard, on Sept. 18 and 14,
was the most successful yet held. Four-
teen teams of twelve men each competed
for the State trophy, four more than ever
before. The Twelfth Regiment won this
match, as well as the First Brigade match.
The Twenty-third Regiment won the Second
Brigade match, the First Regiment the
Third Brigade match, the Seventy-fourth
the Fourth Brigade match, and the Seventh
the Fifth Brigade match, while the Second

Naval Battalion won the Naval Militia
match
Fighty competitors appeared in the

match for the Governor's cup, an {individual
conteat—a skirmish run from 600 to 200
yards, instituted by Governor Flower.
The match was won by Sergt. STEVENS,
of Company F, Seventh Regiment. Twenty-
three teams of three men each entered
for the Adjutant-General's match, insti-
tuted by Gen. McALPIN: the term of Com-
pany G, Seventh Regiment, won, with @
record score of 160 out of 210 points.

The seoresa as a whole, both at Sea Girt
and at Creedmoor, were not remarkable;

 

7 ys eee

some good individual scores were made,
but as a rule the shooting was not so good
as in past years. The meetings were nota-
ble, however, for the number of competitors,
both individual and team; and for this
reason the results are interesting and
promising. The question of the best rifle
for use in matches seems to have been
reopened. The victory of the New Jersey
team in the Hilton match was thought to
be due to some extent to the Krag-Jorgen-
sen rifles used; but the District of Columbia
team, armed with Springfields, defeated
the New Jersey team in the Interstate
match. The failure to equal the score
made in 1877 in the match for the Palma
Trophy does not indicate that the rifles
and the marksmen were better then than
now. It was due to the fact that the team
was picked on the field and had not prac-
tised together; that two of the eight men
had never used a Krag-Jorgensen, and
most of all to the fact that the ranges,
800, 900 and 1,000 yards, were almost un-
known distances to many of the team.
Our ranges are too short, and our men
too busy, to permit of muoh practice at
900 and 1,000 yards.

Thus the proof of tnoreased interest in
rifle shooting, and the promise of still
greater interest, distinguish the 1900 matches
at Sea Girt and Creedmoor rather than
any actual performance at either range.

 

Roosevelt in Colorado.

The Victor Democrats of Colorado have met
the Hon. Tazopone Roossvaeit. They have
heard him speak and by mobbing him they
have come into personal! contact with him.
They have found that his beliefs are strong,
his faculty for repartee is most happy
and that his body fs solidly planted ona pair
of good legs, guided by a cool head and
backed by a stout heart.

Bryan makes a soft apology for the
Colorado mob, We will assume that !t
was made in innocence. But the mob
attacked Roosrveir shouting BrrYan’s
name coupled with the unmistakable slogan
of riot—* Coeur d' Aléne.”

If the Colorado Democrata never had the
sense of shame before they should have
it now.

Col. BRYAN says that he “has not given to
any one, personally or in writing, a promise
of a Cabinet position.” Then he has disap-
pointed hundreds of Democrate, Popullsts
and Silver Republicans, and saved himself
a great waste of time and postage stamps.

 

 

The fon. G C. Avangs, Secretary of the
National Anti-Imperialist League, has de
termined to his own satisfaction that there
are not leas than 80,000 anti-impertalists who
voted for McKintey in Greater New Yo-k.
These niceties of calonlation are easy, but
nobody has to believe in them. They belong
tothe world of myth as the anti-imperialist
movement or refusal to move belongs and the
fictions and figures of these amusing mathe
maticians are bubbles of the imagination.

The sale of bats ts governed by atric, and the
bat trust fixes the styles each year.—Indianapolus
Sentinel.

Tyranny! Imperialism! Thestyleof our hats
controlledby atrust? Wenominate our contem-
porary generalissimo in the ‘‘anti-trust-style”
movement, and suggest that it demand at once
from this capitalistio arbiter of fashiona hat
not with the pinched little brim, at present the
badge of ourslavery, but with a brim so ex-
panded and shaped that ‘t shall enshade our
contemporary’s ears without friction If
our contempory fails to break the hat trust's
power to enforce its patterns let us know.

 

 

 

All Lincoln Republicana are Democrats this year.
—JOB BAILEY.

Bome Democrats of LAncoln, Neb., are.

New honors come like strange garments upon
the Hon. Moonrie.p Stoney of Massachusetts.
He has been nominated for Congreas by the
Nationalists. The call was signed by the Hon.
EDWARD ATKINSON, the Hon, WIN6LOW WARREN
and the Hon. Jrnoms Jones, and “all three,”
says the Boston Globe, “were present,’ thus
making one of the largest anti-imperialist meet-
ings known to man

To-day may be a very busy day among the
statesmen of the Munteipal Council, espectally
such of ther as are members of the Law Com-
mittee of the Council, At the hour of 2
there will be a public hearing at the (ity Hall to
consider the various matters set forth below:
First —A_ proposed ordinance authorizing
Tomas R. Hopar and others to maintain open
drains through city property in Westchester
county. Second—Proposed regulations for
construction, maintenance, &c., of electric poles
and wires. Third—A proposed ordinance to
reguiate contracts for work and supplies.
Fourth—A proposed ordinance to regulate
traffic in the city of New York. Fifth—A pro-
posed ordinance to canoel assessments for cer-
tain local improvementsin thelate town of Fiat-
bush, and, sixth—-A proposed ordinance to reg-
ulate the sale of produce in bulk.

Of the making of ordinances, some needful,
some superfluous, some oppressive, some ab-
eurd and many unlawful or impracticable,
there appears to be noend in New York, and
the Municipal Assembly, when not ‘‘ consider-
ing,” in each of its divisions, proposed new or-
dinances, is engaged in amending, abolishing or
suspending other ordinances already inexist-
ence. There are now several hundred “ ordi-
nanoea "in New York covering numerous cases
and constituting a distinct branch of municipal
lore and literature, but they are inaccessible
to citizens, are nowhere printed tn full, and are
subject to frequent, summary and often ca-
pricious changes.

 

We must give Herr Orrewporren of the
Staate-Zeitung credit for the following sensible
and good-minded conclusion on the campaign:

“ BRYAN'S election would bring greater immediate
danger to the Union than the triumph of impertalism,
which later can always be overcome."

The immediate and serious danger, never
wholly reparabie if it should come to reality, is
free silver, to which the Kansas City platform
and its candidate BRYAN are irrevocably com-
mitted,

 

 

The action of the Markle miners in abiding by
their contract to arbitrate helps to give to or-
ganized labor a character of honesty which agi-
tators like MITCHELL, backed by such false
citizens as Father PHILLIPS, are constantly

taking away from It.
————

Advice to a Young Maa,

ToTHE EnNiIToR OF THE SUN-—Sér: T'4 Ike to
say a few words In answer to the young man who
signs himself “Independent Republican’ in Sunday's
paper. I rather think that the paramount Issue of the
young man, referred to in his letter, is “individual
effort,’ which no party governa The reason prob
ably he hasn't improved lis condition Is because he
doesn't excel In bis particular line.

My advice is to vote the ticket which has given us
prosperity and then strike outand work harder than
ever.

The writer knows what that is, for he's been up
against {t, but now is “on velvet.’ Therefore the
paramount issue ts first to help keep the party in
power that creates a prosperous condition, After that
hard work, the best tonte in the world.

ST. Lous, Sept. 25. A TRAVELLER

 

 

MeClure’s magarive for October isa very interest
ing number. An anonymous article opensit: ‘The
Strategy of National Campaigos, Reminiscences of
the Political Warfare of the Last Twenty-five Years,"
which retells with detalls the stories of Blaine's de.
feat, Conkling's resignation and other historica)
events. Gelett Burgess, Mr Cyrus Townsend Brady,
Frederic Lucas, Josiah Flynt are some of the con-
tributors. Dr. Conan Doyle's “Some Lessons of the
War'' in South Africa will receive the military atten-
tion they deserve. The articles are Umely, the illus
trations excellent

 

sinsaeiaeieinadeedesesl iar teeta a noneetae toneieeeene amet neneieeaia” mati neti eee eee eaemmnannmad

  

  

       

A GEORGIAN WHO WILL VOTE FoR
M'RINLEY.

 

Yet He Demands White Supremacy fer the
South, Come What May.

To Tam Epiton or Tax SuN--Sir: Bo faras
concerns the result of the pending Presidential
election the vote I may cast can have no effect.
But toa self-respecting man voting is a matter
of principle. The question has therefore been
the subject of much thought and deliberation
with me; and while no time was needed to de-
termine how I should not vote, the conclusion
as to how I should vote has been reached slowly
and deliberately.

Every man (s reluctant to break away from
the support of a party whose princl ples were
born in him, and he will not do 60 without
strong provocation. The fact that practically
all the Southern people vote the Democratio
ticket, whether the platform and the candidate
suit them or not, has been the subject of many
of your editorials and paragraphs, and seems to
exoltein youaspirit of anger which you en-
deavor to conceal under the guise of distressful
pity, I have noted with much interest your
reply to the Richmond Times, but I think the
discussion between you has fatled to touch the
real reason.

Iam a Southern man by birth and by descent
for many generations, I was born before the
war, and1 have always resided {n the city of
Savannah. But Ihave never found any South-
erner who, on the negro question, was afraid of
“social equality.”” The Southern man imbibes
Demoocratio principles with his mother’s milk,
and never stops to give careful constderation
to the fundamental! principles on which are
based the issues between the parties, 6 6. the
doctrine of States’ rights. He believes in it be-
cause his father believed in {tand the party
with whioh he stands is for!t But he is
pot so much for the Democrats as against
the Republicans. Why? Not because he fears
“social equality,” but because he fears to see
even the entering wedge to negro domination.
He believes that the negro race is an inferior
race, and he keeps the declaration that all men
are born free and equal as aultable only for
platforms. He knows that they are not He
knows that a generation ago they were slaves
He knows them to be utterly unfitted to govern
this country or any part of it, and he Is deter-
mined that, come what may, the white man
shall rule. He believes that the Republican
party has endeavored to prevent white su-
premacy in the South, and has, at every oppor-
tunity, tried to advance negro domination.

Now, in answering this, you speak of civil
rights, andask if we are not going to accord
them their constitutional rights Tat us not
mince matters, A truthful Southerner will
frankly tell you: “No, notif according to them
their constitutional rights will interfere with
the complete domination of the white race in
all matters, commercial, soclal and political.”

Now, the limits of this letter do not permit a
discussion of the right or wrong of this; nor do
I believe that any argument could establish the
right of it in the mind of one who does not live
among us. Butall who cometo live here, ex-
cept those who try to makea living out of poll-
tlos. come to our view {n a very short while.

Many of our oltizens voted for McKinley in
18096, In reply to the suggestion of negro dom-
fnation, they sald they did not believe he would
follow the example of his Republican predeces-
sors in the appointment of negroes to high of-
fice. In this they were sadly disappointed. The
Collector of the Port of Savannah and the Col-
lector of Internal Revenue for the State are
negroes: and only the heroulean efforts of some
prominent Republicans prevented other similar
appointments. Many of thoae who voted for
MoKinley in 1896 will not vote for bim this year
solely on account of these appointments.

However, there are many of us here who be-
Heve that he will not doso again if reAlected
Many features of the campaign of '06 are lack-
ing this year. We believe that McKinley per-
sonally believes in white supremacy in the
South, and we are going to cast our vote tow-
ard giving him an opportunity to show it. If
he will, he will assist many who are anxious to
keep away from Bryan and Altgeld and popu-
Mam andanarchy and demagogy and treason.

We shall vote for McKinley and Roosevelt be-
cause:

First—We are Americans, and are against all
of America’s enemies.

Second—We are patriotic, and are desirous of
suppressing thoae who giveaid and comfort to
our enemies,

Third—We are honest, and are against all
efforta at dishonoring the nation by ourrency
legislation or otherwise,

Fourth—-We are law abiding, and are against
all encouragement of force in the settlement of
disputes.

Fifth—We are progressive, and favor legiti-
mate expansion of our commerce and our
power

Sixth—We ore hopeful that Mr McKinley has
seen his former errors and will treat our Bouth-
ern people fairly and broadly, and carefully re-
frain from humiliating them.

Will he do so? If he does not, then all hope
of ever breaking the solid South must be post-
poned unt! he ts succeeded by a wiser man; and
we, who are leaving the beaten path, will sor-
rowfully and penitently return whence we
came, ALEXANDER R. LAWTON.

SAVANNAG, Ga., Sept. 24.

—————————

Fewer “Co-eds" at Wesleyan.

MippLeTOWN, Conn., Sept. 27.—The seventy-
first year of Wesleyan University opened this
morning with appropriate devotional exercises
{n the chapel. Recitations began this noon.
The commons and dormitories were opened
last Monday. The freshman class will number
about 108 The efforts of the trustees to keep
down the attendance of women have partially
succeeded, as there are but twenty women in
the entering class.

 

Galveston's Recovery.
From the Galoeston Daily News

Two weeks have come and gone since the horrible
ordeal through which Galveston passed, Great prog-
reas has been made by the revival of hope and
earnest effort, It took the people some time to realize
fully what bad happened and how widespread and
awful the catastrophe really was Galveston ap
pealed to the world for help and then set to work to
bury her dead, care for the Injured and disinfect the
town.

Wire and mail communication with the outside
world was retstablished This has been followed by
the resumption of ratiway traf c. Some of our eleva-
tors are in operation and work is progressing rapidly
on the others. The waterworks bave been restored
almost to their former usefulness. Many of the
streets are now lighted by electricity and mule street
cars are reaching out Into several sections of the city,
Repair work |s progressing on hundreds of butldings.
Most sections of the wharf front have resumed normal
conditions. Freightis moving on the wharves with
something like the regularity im vogue before the
storm Several vessels are here and more areen
route. Large quantities of freight awalt an entrance
to the city. The Galveston Cotton Exchange has re
sumed business, the school board has ordered three
of the school bulldings to be repatred, the streets and
gutters have been opened and cleaned and much
progress has been made in the removal of the im-
mense mountain of débris running along the south
ern side of the island. The medical college wil re
open Nov. 18. Mr. John Sealy will make permanent
repairs tothe John Sealy Hospital. There bas been
a general resumption of business,

There has ceased to be any doubt whatever that
Galveston Isto be rebuilt Inthe minds of the lead
ing business men of Galveston there never was
any doubt The Galveston of the past unfortunately,
in many respects, was divided Into factions There
was never that unity of purpose which should have
been observed In the buliding upof a great city. The
terrible calamity which has visited Galveston has
been a levelier. All classes and conditions of men
must now pull together to meet the future. The
calamity has brought men together, and from now on
the question of rebuilding and maintaining our city
will be made & common purpo, all alike arising
from the common level of destruction to higher and
greater things.

 

An Anti-Impertalist’s Report on the Religious
Press.
From the Springfed Republican

We are impressed with the fact that so faras the
religious weeklies show politicel sympathies—and
most of them do-practically all are supporting Mr.
McKinley. Not a single outspoken Bryan sym-
pathizer is found among the denominational organs
that Ond their way into this office

 

ee

a

a eee
a

    

THE COAL STRIKE.

 

The Facts of the Situation of the Miners Pre
sented by an Experienced Observer.
To tHe Epiton or Tae Sun—Sir: I wish
to put you in possession of a few facts to cor-
rect a wrong impression which exists in the
minds of a great many people outside of the
anthracite regions.
Sensational newspaper writers have fallen
into the habit of describing the anthracite miner
asa poor, foriorn slave, obliged to toll long
hours each day for a mere pittance. The facts
are that he {4 an independent contractor, who
goesin and out about when he pleases, and
does not do any more than four or five hours’
work a day, and that ina very leisurely man-
ner, If from any cause he cannot cut enough
coal to make a fair display in that time he will
very soon get after the foreman for an allow-
ance or yardage to make it up.
Should the coal miners work as long hours
and as industriously as the gold, silver or fron
ore miners they could nearly double their
wages at the present price per car and the same
amount of coal could be put out with a little
more than half the number of miners, and at 4&
leas coat to the operator.
Coal miners generally count tt beneath their
dignity to load into the oar the coal they cut,
and they may be seen coming out and going
home at any time from 9 o'clock in the morning
on leaving a laborer behind to load the cars.
The laborer ts an irresponsible party and often
for the lack of coal enough to fill the requisite
number of cars, of a don’t-care disposition,
quantities of rock, slate and dirt find their way
{nto the car. In self-defence the operator {is
obliged to keep a man on purpose to watoh for
such cars and dock them to the amount of dirt
they contain. The operator never gots even
by dooking because he must keep & hundred or
more boys along the chutes to pick this rock
out, a small piece ata time, after it has gone
throuch the crushing rolls.
If it were possible to get coal miners to work
by the dav, and give an honest and hard day's
work for the same pag that gold, silver andiron
ore miners do, I am of the opinion that coal
would cost less, andit would do away with all
the conditions so likely to cause trouble under
the present aratem, such as dockage, car price,
yardage, eto.
lexamined the payroll of a mining company
to-day for August, and It showed that their
miners had earned from $30 to #85 each. A
large majority had from $50 to $65 to their
credit. The wide range of difference in earn-
{ngs ia chargeable to several things, euch as
want of skill, a shiftless disposition whioh
would rather starve a little than work very
much, and « fondness for beer, A miner who
works in the D. L. & W. mines sald only a few
days ago that as long as the company let him
work half time he could make a good living
easier than in any other way. I often see him
on the street before noon, dressed as well as
any man, having already cut bis day's coal.
The present troublein the anthractte region
does not come from any general dissatisfaction
among the men employed, but from the desire
of Mr. Mitchell, et al., to force themselves into a
position whore they can command a great deal
of notoriety and a good fat salary, and dictate
to the owners when and how they shall operate
the mines and whom they shall employ or dis-
charge. The miners are helping them in hopes
of having to work etill less hours than they do
at the present time.
Gibbons & Co., who are working a small mine
bere andemploy eight or ten miners, asked
permission of President Mitchell to continue
work under his new scale and demands, and
further agreeing not to furnish coal to any one
except the publicachools Their request was
refused: evidently he is seeking an opportunity
to point the finger of scorn at the heartless
operators for freezing out the public schools.
My conclusions are based on more than thirty
years of experience and observation in and
about the gold, silver and coal mines of the
United States N. E. Rior.
ScRANTON, Pa., Sept. 26.

RAW FOOD SOCIETY.

Members Will Try to Refrain from Eating Any-
thing That Has Been Cooked.

Crrcaco, Sept. 27.—Twenty-three men and
women, pledging themselves to eat no food
that haa been cooked, organized the Chicago
Raw Food Society at the Grand Centra] Passen-
ger Hotel last night, with B. Tyler as Presi-
dent. It was decided to try to bring about
an organization of kindred societies through-
out the United States

Mr. Tyler, in addressing the meeting, sald:
"No oak ever grew from a burned acorn;
parched corn will never sprout when planted,
roasted chestnuta never produced a chestnut
tree, nor were peanuts ever grown from plani-
ing roasted peanuts. All thatis life-giving In
anything is destroyed by fire ”

»solutions were adopted that contained the
following

‘Reaoived, That it is our firm conviction that
man could live much longer, in proportion to
the number of yeara required for his Gevelo
ment, by eating raw food; ill-health would be the
exception rather than the rule, and pestilence
and contagious diseases would be wiped from
the land. We believe children reared on un-
cooked foods will become giants physically
and intellectually.”

 

 

ARCHBISHOP BLESSES FLAG,

National Colors Raised at Immaculate Virgia
Mission in Staten Island.

An American flag, presented by Justice
Morgan J. O'Brien of the Supreme Court and
blessed by Archbishop Corrigan, was raised
yesterday with appropriate ceremonies on a
143-foot staff at the Mission of the Immaculate
Virgin, Mount Loretto, Staten Island. The
Archbishop, Justice O'Brien, a delegation of
fifty priests and a large number of guests went
to Mount Loretto on a special train, Imme-
diately after their arrival a clasa of 110 boys
and girls were confirmed by the Archbishop
and then Justice O'Brien.gave the flag. It
was thirty feet wide and fifty feet long and
1,400 children were grouped around it, as many
of them as possible tauching the hem, while
Archbishop Corrigan blessed it

Then the flag was hoisted to the top of the
pole while the children sang “The Star-Span-
gled Banner.”

Bryan's Exemplar.

To Tue Eprtor or THE Stn—Sir; Some time
ago Lreadin your journal a review of a life
of Lucian, which contained the following:

For the calling of a rhetorician all that was needful
was a comparatively superficial course of reading in
oratory, history, and imaginative literature, together
with a smattering of law So, after some hesitation,
the young Syrian made hisfway into Ionia, which was
at the time full of so-called schools of art and
eloquence. The kind of rhetoric taught, however, was
of a bollow and superficial character; the merits of
the question argued were nothing—the phraseology
and theatrical delivery were everything. The profes
sional rhetorician's business was to utter the longest
possible string of sonorous words and elaborate
sentences, ‘Talk without ceasing,” says Luctan's
rhetorleian; ‘say at haphazard whatever occurs to
you But, pf all things, do not hesitate, talk on and
on. Never omit to have friends at hand to applaud
you

Does not this fit exactly acertain talker at
the present time? WinuiaM V, CAROLIN.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Col., Sept. 23.

England's Hold on India.

From the London Indta.

Weare giad to observe the growing Interest tn In
dian affairs on the other side of the Atlantica Re
cently THR New YORK SUN gave space toa corre
spondence on the possibility of a general rising against
foreigners in India, after the pattern of the Boxer
movement fn China Sir William Wedderburn has
also addressed a letter to THE SUN on the subject,
which we reproduce elsewhere. Of course, he potnts
out the utter fallacy of an ‘Anglo -Indian's"’ view that
the principal safeguard against any such rising {s to
be found in the religious antipathies between Hindoos
and Mahometans, and shows that ‘these religious
dissensions are a source of danger, not of safety."
Sir Willlam illustrates the great progress in the de-
velopment of the Indian people during recent years
points out the impossibility of thetr dismissing us in
order toaccept the Russtan rule or anarchy, shows
how the National Congress anxiously labors to cure
the Great defect of our bureaucratic Government by
interpreting between rulers and ruled, and concludes
with emphasizing the point that ‘the great problem
in India ts an economic one, How to improve the con-
dition of the masses."' Nothing but good can come
of well-informed criticisms from our American cousins,
and Sir Wililam has concisely and effectively pointed
them Ww the right lines of invest! gation.

a
pn SS }
]

 

apna EIT

INDUSTRY LAOS IN EUROPE.

Conseal Hanauer Reports a Crists Impending
in Many Lines of Trade.

WaAasninoTon, Sept. 27.—Vice-Conaul-Gen-
eral Hanauer at Frankfort has written the
State Department on what he terms a threat
ened industrial crisisin Europe. He says:

“The wave of industrial prosperity in Europe
which has steadily risen since 1895, has taken
a@ turn and begun to recede. All dgns point
toward a crisis in industrial and financial lines
which may oocur before two years have passe!
Any political disturbance of note may bring
on the crisis suddenly and without warning
Coal mining {s *till booming, as the supply is
not equal tothe demand, The tron and ste
works, including the manufacture of man:
lines of machinery and steel plates for war-
ships, have orders which it will take some
months to fill, but factories making smal! tron-
ware, nails, needles, bicycles, sewing machine:
&c., are curtailing production and reducing
working foroes and wage scala.

“There are doubts if the {mmensely oapital-
iged electrical works of Germany and other
countries can keep fully employed after present
contracts are filled. This line of industry
which in Germany alone represents an invest:
nent of nearly $800,000,000, has been largely
naipuppenta in creating the present boom

‘allures have alr y begun in the building
trade, which in the large cities has been ot
@ speculative nature and rested mainly on
borrowed capital, Renta for busin houses
and dwellings have advanced, but will topple
upon the first beginning of a business crisis
Shipowners are still jubilant, owing to the
phenomenal advance {n ocean transportation
cates, which was brought about by the South

risen war and the present troubles in Ch
“~ he, German papers epeak in alarming
nes of the aad position of the textile industry,
wre stop 63 of factories are the order
° ae ey. te statistics of the German
cts show 6,023 looms idle, out of a total
° ih 639. The weavers still employed thers
wn ut & to 10 marke ($1.00 to $2.88) per week.
1, . wretched wage, which is to support a
amily {s next to a starvation rate, especially
ne fuel and provisions have greatly advanced
n price and the poor operative must pay Gov-
ernment tax and schoo) rate bealdes

The stock market is the delicate seismometer
which denotes the coming upheaval. Shares
of industrial companies have already oom-
menced to decline, though the reporte of their
operations promise for this year large dividends
The high interest rates which have ruled for
money this year and the high taxes which
capttallista and business tnteresta must pay
in Germany have also tended to affect the boom.”

 

REV. DR. SHAW'S REBURE.

 

He Upbraids West End Presbyterians for Not
Visiting the Sick,

The Rev. Dr. John Baloom Sha
n w, pastor
of the West End Presbyterian Churoh, at
Amsterdam avenue and West 105th etreet,
{s displeased because his church members
do not visit the sick. He has just returned
from his vacation and presided at the mid-
week prayer meeting Wednesday night. He
said he was much put out because many of
his parishoners had neglected to visit the Home
for the Destitute Blind, St. Luke's Hospital
the Half-Orphan Asylum, the Home for Aged
and Indigent Females and other similar insti-
tutions in the neighborhood during his absence
In his opinion there was no valid excuse for
such neglect. He said
“In this prayer meeti
n@ We are here to talk
together as a church family, andI hope we will
take this shortcoming on the part of our mem-
aoe i consideration. Within the
wo ¢ tower of our c
hospital where men, women eet ee : ;
dying of disease, and you do not visit ther oF
tender such Christian consolation as is in your
wer During my absence several) deaths
ation nnd pace among members of my con re
gation and she allot 6 families have not been
§ My 8, is not
teaching of the Divine Master : Tew ritbens
time or & two-cent postage stamp will not im-
Rov erish any of you In Heaven's name, why
o younotepeak or writea word that will carry
& ray of sunshine into sorro hearts? It ia
your duty, and should be your pleasure, to look
piven such poor souls, Until you do your duty
mill ben tallura mis teughoreheee afar cs
1 this n
the spreading of the geepatleconananne™” -

 

NO REVOLUTION, SAYS JIMINES.

President of the Dominican Republic Denies
&@ Published Report,

President Juan Isidro Jimines of 8

anto
mingo denies tn the following cable ten
the report received here from Cape Haytien
of a revolution in the Dominican Republio:

“Reporte of rebellion absolutely false
a false.
country is tranquil.” one
Oscar Huetlinger of 101 Pearl street who
received the message has large interests in
coe Domingo and ts a personal friend of
resident Jimine
ba qrasnes s. Hobad conte cable aquiry
ccording to theae statementea of
uprising it was being led by Foe b cllered
Horacio Vasquez and Gov. Ramon Caceres
of the State of Santiago. After the assassina-
tion of President Heureaux a year ago and the
fall of his government, Gen. Fasquez assumed
control awaiting the arrival of Gen. Jiminez
from Cuba. He had at that time, it is naif,
ample opportunity to declare himself Presi-
dent had he desired. A friend of his said yess
terday that he has no ambition for the Prasi-
dency and is one of Gen. Jiminez's best friends
The reports of strife in the Dominican Repub-
lic which are from time to time received here
from Hayti, are, the Dominicans say, sent
with the purpose of injuring the country as
the two republics are not on very friendly
rms

 

 

Australia’s Union Proclatmed. 4
From the London Ganette,
By the Queen--A Proclamation.

Victoria, R.—Whereas by an act of Parllament
passed In the sixty-third and sixty-fourth years
of our reign, intituled ‘An act to constitute the
Commonwealth of Australia,"’ {t is enacted that
{t shall be lawful for the Queen, with the advice
of the Privy Council, to declare by Proclamation
that, on and after a day therein appointed, not
being later than one year after the passing of
this act, the people of New South Wales, Victoria,
South Australia, Queensland and Tasmani M
also, if her Majesty is satisfied that ea
of Western, Australia have agread thereto, of
Rosern Aweirelia. spel pe united in a Federal

‘ommonwe 1, under the nam ‘ °
men weal’ of Australia. oe & Ue ee

And whereas we are antisfied that the ¢
of Western Australia have agreed ele ls
corgin ly, p b

e, therefore, by and with the advice of
Privy Council, have thought fit to laeue thle our
Royal Proclamation, and we do heroby ceclare
that on and after the first day of Janiiary, one
thousand nine hundred and one, the people of
New South Wales, Victoria, South Austraiia
Queensland, Tasmania_and Western Australi
shall be united in a Federal Commonwealth
under the pame of the Commonwealth of
Australie.
jiven at our Court at Balmoral, this seven-

teenth day of September, in the year of our
Lord one thousand nine hundred, and {n the
sixty-fourth year of our reign.
GoD BAVE THB QUEEN,

Minister Wa Invited to Speak tn New Orleans.

CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., Sept. 27.—Gen. Joseph
Wheeler left here yesterday for Washington
and New York. He is the bearer of an invita
tion from the management of the Southern
Industrial Convention to Chinese Minister Wi
to address the next session of the convention
to be held In New Orleans in December.

 

   

 

We Think Not,

@To THE Eprror OF THE SUN—Sirt Do the of4
soldiers who are drawing pensions want to be pald tn
silver dollars, worth 47 cents, Instead of gold dollars.
or their equivalent, worth 100 cents? Mr. Bryan
promises to pay them in silver ff they will vote for
him. M. T. RICHARDSON,
New YorK, Sept 25,
-__
Unsatisfactory Fiction, ,

From the Washington Eeening S’ar.
“What do you think Is the saddest work of fiction
you eve. read?”
“The cook book," answered the young woman who
has not been married very long. ‘Not more than one
in ten of those pieces come out right.”

 

 

 

Shirt Waists and Pistol Toting,

From the Boyd Indes. a
The Dallas Galveston News hails the shirt-watet fa4
asthe end of the pistol toting practice, but if the
News will note the ease with which pint Masks can >
stored in those same shirt waists, {t will probah'y
come to the conclusion that a gun might also be #9

carried.

 

His Faulty Figure of Speech.

From the Philadelphia Press.
“Jiminy!"’ exclaimed the first boy, ‘teacher furmp4
Om you pretty quick. Yanked you up and wait ef
you like ligbinin’, didn't be?’ :

No," replied the other bov efull
lig bina’, He bas too ofven tm the come plese. _

4t

  
 
  

sez

  
  
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
 
  
  
 
 
   
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
   
   
    
  
  
   
   
    
  

Sorat es rsosys ose