4

CHURCH ATTACKS POLICE;

pIOCBSAN OONVENTION STARTS A
CRUSADE,

   

 

Insults to Pre-Cathedral Clergy the Formal
Indictment, but Police Alliance h the
Vilest Agemoles in the City Is Charged
~Twe New Dioceses May Be Created.

The convention of this Protestant Episco-
pal diocese, atite concluding sessions yesterday,
jald in the Church of the Incarnation, made
a savaee arraignment of the police system of
New York in reference to occurrences affecting
work at the Pro-Cathedral in Stanton street,
and took action which will probably lead to a
division of the diocese, a rearrangement of all
diocesan tines tn the State of New York, an
erection of the dloceses of Troy and Rochester,
and thus relieve Bishop Potter of some of the
purdens of his office. The attack on the police
of this city brought a resolution that was con-
siderably milder than language used on the floor
of the convention. It reads:

“Resolved, That the Bishop of this diocese,
ag bead of the cathedral body, be requested
¢@ investigate the indignities alleged to have
been offered to the clergy of the Pro-Cathedral
by the police authorities of the district io which
the sald Pro-Cathedral is situate, and, if just
cause be found, to make formal protest, in the
name of the Church, to the Mayor of New York.”

fhe Rev. Dr. Huntington of Grace Church,
{y offering the resolution, said there was no
politics in it, and there is no contention for
ppecial privileges. He asked eimply for public

rder in publio streets, and said there was

thing about his plea but old-fashioned

ghteousness, which believed that pollcemen
vight to protect and ought not to be helpers
of the Vilest agencies known to a large city.
Heapoke in high terms of the canon in charge,
the Rev. F. L. Paddock, but added that the
indignities, too serious to be named in such a
place, affected the entire clergy staff.

In seconding the resolution the Rev. L. H.
sehwab, rector of the Church of the Interces-
sion, went much further than the rector of
Grace Church, charging that the police of that
section of the city are in open alliance with
gambling dens and worse places, and actively
{ghting the Church and other respectable
agencies in the neighborhood

Referring to the statement that there was no
politics in the resolution, Bishop Potter said,
before putting it to a vote, that he had been
apprised of the condition of things and had
every reason to believe tales told him concern-
ing the same to be true. He said he had in-
tapded to wait until after the election before
airing what he knew and seeking redress
through an appeal to the publio and to the au-
thorities, but that he was not sorry the matter
had been brought to the attention of the con-
vention. Bishop Potter said:

“We have the double duty here of churchmen
and of citizens. 1 did not know this resolution
«as coming into this convention. 1 did know
ofthe facts referred to, for they were pre-
sented to me some weeks ago. After the cam-
palgn had concluded and there could be thought
to be in my act nothing of what the rector of
Grace Church calls polities, it had been my tn-
tention to act, 1 am not sorry the matter is
bere in this place and upon the same 1 shall
say, and say with deliberation, that if the in-
famies that obtain in this city to-day were
known to have legal shelter, and if it were known
who shelter them, there would be euch an up-

heaval of righteous indignation as would shake
things to their foundations. It ts high time
that komething be done.”

The reanlution was adopted

Near the close of the session the convention
authorized a committee, charged with the)

ity of bringing the matter of a division of
the State of New York into an additional nume |
ber of dioceses to the attention of the other |
Bishops of the State. The proposition is to |
create a diocese of Troy, to be composed of |
the countias in the northern part of the State
now belonging to the diocese of Albany, anda |
diocese of Rochester, now a part of the diocese
of western New York, with Buffalo aa the see |
city. With Albany reileved of some of its
territory, it ls proposed to give to it by way
of recompense the counties of Orange, Sullivan,
ister, Dutchess, Putnam and Rock!and, leay-
ing the diocese of New York to consist simply
of the boroughs of Richmond, Mauhattan,

The Bronx and Westchester county

This!s a plan suggested by Bishop Potter
and held by him with very etrong faith in its
wisdom. It{s developed, however, that any
relief was not asked by him, but that the whole
matter was forced upon him by outside in-
fluences. Personally moat loyal to. Bishop
Potter, the counties along the Hudson feel that
they have been slighted by him, and that more
and more the city absorbs his attention and in-
terest, to their own neglect. Prof. Thomas
Richey of the General Seminary brought the
matter forward at the session yesterday morn-
ing, tremendous interest being felt in what he
add. Premising that he did not rise to a mat-
ter soimportant without first having consulted
Rishop Potter, he ape ke in behalf of the forma-
tion of two “pocket” dioceses to he named after
Povghkeaepsia and Newburgh, the Bishops of
which should, however, be atfached to the
Cathedral of St. John the Div'n» as trustees,
and the work In their jnriedict{é.na to be sup-
ported by contributions from this city.

There was intense interest to know exactly
what Bishop Potter desired, but he pleaded
tie privilege of the presiding officer and de-
clined to commit himaself. He added that he
was not aware that he had neglected the Hud- |
son River counties to such an extent aa to
cause them to desire to leave his spiritual over-
sight, but said that if the convention cesired
rome action he should not stand in the way
he convention insisted upon knowing his
lgment, and amid some excitement voted |

a motion of Andrew C. Zabriskie, lay
denity from Calvary Church, to lay the whole
matter on the table. At this point Bishop
Potter left the chair and said

‘l have very strong convictions upon the
biect of Episcopal supervision In this great
ate of New York. That the time has come |
make any change in the manner of that
pervision fam notsure, It may have, Speak-
gas a member of this convention merely,
and net as Rishon of New York, I want to say
that I think a division of this diocese in the
toanner outlined here this morning would be
disastrous | cities of Poughkeepsie and
Newburgh are not financially strong enough
#8 church centres for ee cities of dioceses

 

-—*>7"

 

 

 

What I think oveht to be done ia to rearrange |
all of the dioceses of the State. There are now
five I think there ought to be at least two
more Create a diocese of Troy and put the
northern counties tnto {t Create a_ diocese
of Rochester, a really strong church city. By
#9 doing relieva Albany in such way that ft
can come all the way to the horough of The
Kronx, or, perhans, to the Westchester county
line. In this way T am sure the relief which |
any t ink -hould be ff or ‘ed the Bishop of

New York may be obtained. ” |

\t the rnorning seasion the resolution, which
was on the division suggested by the Rev. Dr
Tichev, was defeated, but at the afternoon
session, as noted,a committee was authorizee |
to consult ether dioceses relative to effectind
tuch change as the Bishop Indicated

The preeat members of the Standing Com-
nittee were retlected, and there were resolu-
ons of sympathy for the Rev Dr Dix, rector
of Trinfty parish, who fs ill, with the Christian
nissionades and martyrs in China, and one
ureng arbftration {n settling the coal strike
An amendment to a canon wae made, nermit-
ting larger liberty in the etarting of missions,
bod the archdeacons made their annual reports

HOPE BOOTH SUMMONED TO COURT

hy Her Maid, Who Wants a Trank the Prop-
erty Man Hasa’t Delivered.

Ilope Booth, the actress, who is living at the
Hotel Barhod', was summoned to the Jeffer-
600 Market po ice court yesterday by her maid,
Catherine Hilfeker, who said sh» wanted Miss
Booth to give up hi trunk. Miss Booth ex-
pia . d that ser company, “A Wie lo Pawn,"’

ta osed at Montrval iast weex and that her

er

 

 

n al st kK well as herown was i) charge
f. 6 property man, and the girl would get it
itiine She winted Magistrate ( rane to warn

ber maid not to annoy her any more, which he

Woman Narge Files a Claim Against the State,
ALBANY, N, Y., Sept. 27.-
©: New York « who w
inthe Manhattan

Chusted as a

Agnes P. Mahoney ,
is an apothecary !
te Hospital at the time |
t iurse in the United States |
“ ', SUS, is Che tirst woman em-
fe ® service to file a claim tor the |
: & juring her period of ariny ser-
me rved over a mouth and claims
al hrough the State Court of Claims as due
jercl
gut
i

 
  

ipter 654 of the Laws of 15990,which
port tytnent of salaries during absence
v sue L iled States service

 

Secretary Gage Inspects Ellis Island.

oJ. Gage, Seer tury of the Treasury,
Srrived here yesterdiy from the White Moun-
— Aveom: ariea by Re Admiral Higgins |
fel a i thous tender | at
k ver to the new aration bull ing at
a - ded After iting ig the struc ure je

 

itdersey City ents at al
to Washingto - ity and went diimediat |

  
 

GREEK CRUISER HERE.
Capt. Coundousiotis's Coustrymen in This
City Welcome Him,

Tho Greek cruiser Navarchos Miaulis ar-
rived yesterday from Philadelphia, her first
port of call in America, About 400 Greeks
went down the bay in the steamboat Favorite
to meet their countrym:n. As the Miaulis
passed Governors Island she fired the inter-
national salute of twenty-one guns, to which
Castle Williams replied. The Greeks fell in

with the cruiser near Bedlow's Island and
swarmed aboard her in a fashion that made
Capt. Paul Coundousiotis hink of the days
when the pirates of the Aegean Sea invaded
the stately triremes. For ao hour or more
the Greeks of Manhattan owned theship. Then
Capt. Coundousiotis decided that he would
have toinviteallhands tolethimhavea chance
to receive the Greek Consul General, Demetrius
N. Botassi, who came alongside in a tug with
the Russian Vice Consul Ka:asoew and Father
Agathodoros of the Greek Church. As the
Consul General and his party boarded the slip
the band played the Greek national anthem
fhe Consul General welcomed the cruiser's
commander and Capt. Coundousiotis
the party to sit down to wine and cigarettes
from Athens.

The cruiser is used as a training ship and
carries a crew of 215 men, She was built in
France twenty-three years ago by subscription
of Greek merchants in Russia, England, Ger-
many and France, She measures 1,800 tons,
and is constructed of iron sheathed with wood
She has a speed of 15 knots. Her armament
consists of three é-inch Krupps, four small
Krupps and one Gatling gun

Capt. Coundousiotis will visit the navy, yard
at Brooklyn to-day, and on Saturday the Mayor
will receive him. Later he will see President
McKinley,

 

 

HENRY MILLER BREAKS DOWN.

His Votce Fails and He Will Not Be on the
Stage This Winter.

Henry Miller, who yesterday ended his con-
nection with the company playing “The Only
Way” under Charles Frohman's management,
has not been acting for the past month. He
retired from the company about four weeks
ago owing to a persistent throat trouble which
began in San Francisco last summer. An
operation recently performed entirely fafled
to improve his condition and it was agreed
between him and Mr, Frohinan that it would
be useless for him to attempt to return to the
stage again this winter. His friends hope that
after six months or more he may be able to
resume his professional work, but some of them
fear tat it will he a long Ume before he is seen
on the stage again, He will go to the south of
France in the hope that a complete change
of climate may improve his conditior

Mr. Miller has worked steadily tor three years.
For the summer months he has gone to San
Francisco, where he has given the popular
playa of the preceding New York season. In
this way he has been obliged to learn and act
many long and arduous rdles. He came to
New York for treatment three weeks ago,
but has not improved. During the pust two
years he has acted in no less than fifteen long
roles ineluding “Hamlet” and his present state
of health is attributed solely to overwork.

A LECTURE BY SIGNS.

Dr. Thomas Gallandet Tells 100 Deaf Mutes
About His Experience ia EKarope,

The Rev. Dr. Thomas Gallaudet, general
manager of the Church Mission for Deaf Mutes,
who receritly returned from a trip to the Paris
Exposition, lectured in the sigu language to
about one hundred deaf mutes in the chape! of
St. Mark's Protestant Fpiscopal Church, Adel-
phi street, Brooklyn, last evening. He said
that while he was in Paria there were two inter-
national congresses of deaf mutes. One was
composed of teachers and the other of the deaf
mutes, At the former the methods of teaching
were discussed and the conclusion was that
the sign language, that is signa to express ideas
was far preferable to that of teaching the deaf
mutes how to read the lip signs. In Europe,
he eaid, the oral method was in vogue, while
in this country both the oral and manual
methods were used. He also said that the sign
language was becoming so well taught that it
was understood in no less than ten countries
Fle gave hia mute friends an excellent idea
of what the Paris Exposition was like and also
told them of his voyage across the Atlantic
Ila said he was three weeks on the ocean and
th{fs had fitted him for his work during the
winter.

NORTH ATLANTIC SQUADRON SAILS,

 

The Decision {2 the Torpedo Attack Rules Out
the Holland.

Newport, R. I., Sept, 27.—The ships of the

   
 

|

invited |

 
   
 
 
 
 
 
  

INTO WOMEN’S TRAP.
LIVINGSTON MEE&TS MISS BRHR AND IS
LED TO HIS WIFE AND A COP,

 

Arrested for Abandonment and Left tn a Cell
in Jefferson Market Jail—He’s a ‘Flitting
Mortal’ Go at Least the Post Office OM-
clals Say and His Matl Has Reen Stopped,

James W. Livingston came on from Phil-
adelphia yesterday morning and went to the
Metropolitan Hotel to meet Miss F. H. Bebr,
who, he said, was an agent of his at Wilmington,
Del., who had written to him making an ap-
polntment on a business matter, Livingston
sells a device used in dressmaking. He met
Miss Behr at the hotel and ahe took him to the
parlor, where he was uppleasantly surprised
by the sight of his former wife, Mrs. A. Livingston
of 146 West Thirty-fourth street, and Police-
man McGuire of the Jefferson Market court
squad, armed with a warrant for his arrest
on a charge of abandonment

“This is a conspiracy,” declared Livingston.
No one denied that it was, Livingston was
arrayed in a silk hat, a frock coat, low-cut
waistcoat, white bow tie and light trousers.
Although he is partially bald, bis grey hair
curled beautifully on the sides. He was taken
to the Jefferson Market court, where his wife
told Magistrate Crane that he had promised
belfore in a police court to contribute something
to her support, but had not given her one dollar.

tie’* making [ror $75 to 3100 @ week besidis
supporting numerous women,” said she. “He
has had $25,000 of my money”

“You never had 75 cents,” retorted Living-
tton, irasctbly, over bis shoulder, He kept his
back turned to bis wife most of the time but
frequently in the heat of argument forgot to do
60

‘le owns property in Ohio worth $50,000,"
said Mrs. Livingston

Judge, I «wear [ hayn’t got a cent,” inter-
rupted Livingston,

“He took me to a hotel here, after he promised
to give me something for my support and he
told me that my dead bode Sie be found ir

mv roominthe nowfning. Hebada root there,
too,”

“Inever did.”
“fhe hotel books will show {t. There’s A
fraud order against him in the Poat Office.”

here ia not.”

“I got a divorce from him. When I went to
serve papers on him, by the advice of my lawyer,
four sears ago, he left the State and never came
back.”

“[ didn't? So help me, Judge, if { Hed like
that woman my heart would bust.”

“[ never waa able to serve the papers on him,
udge” —-

“You see, Jiidge, when she was down to get
those papers [ uiin’t know it, but something
told me 1 had better goto Boston, and
went, and after [ got there [ got a letter from

y partner, saying that it was lucky that {
t, beeause shortly afterward, my wife

with a warrant
“My eyesiuht is failing,” said Mrs, Tiving-
ston, “and my heart is weak. {[ need his sup-
port
“Judge, so is my eyesight bad and ["-—
“You've talke! that way since you were 14,”
gal! Mrs. Livingston. “A man who can «
The Mawistrete interrupted the argument
Examination down for to-morrow
morning aud Livingston wae held in $500 bonds
He sali he bain't a cent and no friends whom

 

wet

he could fin?, so he was le cto a cell

At the Post Office Chief Post Office Inspector
King said that a stop orter had been lesned
Against mail addressed to Prof, J. W. Livinag-
ston and J, W. Livingston & Co Livingston
was cescribe! in a report by Inspector Ashe,
as being “a flitting mortal” who gave his ad-
dresa in New York as 811 Brow way, but
no one there knew him. In the police court

Livingston said that he was in business four
vears no at Sit Broatway. The stop order
waa issued on March 23 lust

INVESTIGATING DRESS SUUGGLING,
Customs Officer Saspended end an Attempt
Being Made to Go Further.

The case of Mra. Hall of Chicago, one of the
dressmakers charged with smuggling fine
dreeses into this country, comea up this morhe
ing before Commissioner Shields Her case
and that of Mra. M. Shanahan, a dressmaker,
of 11 East Forty-sixth street, have resulted in
an investigation of the circumatances that
atteuded the passing of their trunks by the
customs Inapectors at the pier, and Inspector
Freifeld, who is said to have been the man who
handled the trunks of both women under suse
picion The investigation, it was said at the
Custom House yesterday, involyes 4 deputy
surveyor, and it has been turned over to Bur-
yeyor Croft by Collector Bidwell

The trunks of both women were seized by
W. H. Theobald of Collector Bidwell's office,
after they had leftthepier. At th subsequent

| hearing in the Shanahan case held before the

North Atlantic Squadron sailed from Newport |

to-day. The Texas sailed for Norfolk at about
midnight and the flagship New York, battle-
ship Massachusetts and gunboat Scorpion
sailed at daylight for New York. ‘The Indiana
left to-day at noon and the Kearsarge at about
9 o'clock this afternoon. The Eagle remains
here to do some sounding for the new naval sta-
tionon Narragansett Bay

There seems to be a question about the find-
{nes of the Board of Arbitrainent on the torpedo
attack on Tuesday night, When the papers
appeared to-day saying that all the torpedo
boats and the Holland had been ruled out, it
created aome comment at the torpedo station,
aa the officers had been given to understand
that the Holland had been successful. They
immediately said the panera were wrong, but
when Capt. C, A, Stockton of the War College
was seen he made the statement to the mem-
bers of the press that the Holland was ruled
out, and he said this was the opinion of the
board, This decision stands,
now awaiting with intemest the official report,

ARTIST MARRIES A WIDOW.

Woke Up a Jastice at Midnight and Gave Him
a $20 Fee for Loss of Sleep.

Justice of the Peace John J. McKenna of 295
Grand street, Jersey City, Jumped from his
bed ina hurry at midnight on Wednesday when
told that a couple had driven up to his door in

 

| @ hansom and announced that they wanted

married. The Justice accommodated

to get
The bridegroom described himself as

thei

and officers are |;

Vincent Sorento, 21 years old, an artist of Key- |

port, ms

J., and the bride said she was Mrs, |

Clara A. Morrell, a widow, of New York. Ac- |

her declaration she is seventeen
“he Justice
ya fee of

cording to
years older than her husband.
was compensated for loss of sleep
$20,

WATCHING FOR AN ANARCHIST.

Bilan Police Expect Grannottt, Accomplice
of Bresct. to Seek Asylum Here.

It wae said yesterday at the Barge Office that
the Milanese police had asked the Irnmigration
Bureau to look out for and detain Luiai Gran-
otti, said to_be an accomplice of Bresci, the
assa sin of King Mumbert, Granottl is ex-
pected to come here under the naine of Mau-
ricio Megliala. itis said that_be left Paterson,
N. J. for Italy late in April, He ts a silk weaver
aad is 85 years old.

 

 

Whiteman, the “College Crook,"’ Is Free
Again.
Curcaao, Sept. 27.—Alonzo J. Whiteman,

allas the “College Crook,” was ordered re-
leased from the House of Correction to-day.
He had served a year, and the Court held that
he had finished his full limit. The police gave
Whiteman the alias “College Crook” because
e was graduated from an Eastern seat of
Oe nine He is as well known in the cit'as
along the line of the New York Central as he
is in Chicago, says Lieut. George Perry of the

Central Station. Whiteman was arrested in
St. Louls and brought back to Chicago on
twenty different charges of forgery. Mis

lawyers siminered them down to one, and he
was convicted for passing a forged check at
the Grand Pacific Hotel. The sentence was
one year in the Bridewell.

Niles—Darling.

The wedding of Miss Frances Darling, daugh-
ter of the late Rev. Dr. Henry Darling, Prest-
dent of Hamilton College, tothe Rev. Edward

Niles, son of the late Dr. Heary Niles of York,
Pa,, took place yesterday in the Memorial Prea-
byteriin Church, brooklyn. The ceremony was
peric med by the Rey. Dr, John Fage, ssi ted
»

 

y the Rev. Dr. John Reid and the Key, Dr,
| Shaw The bride was given away by her
brother. Richard W, Darling, and her only at

tendantewas her sister, Miss Elizabeth Darling,
Dr. Nevill of Troy, N. Y.. Was best man, and
the ushers were Prof James E. F. Frame of the
Union heolog.cal Seminary, the Rev. Harry
Anstadt and Michael Nilesef York, Pa.. and
Wiliam L. Brown, John F. Chambers and R. L.
Ta box of Manhattan. A reception was after-
ward given atthe: home of the bride's mother,
26 Sterling place. Brooklyn

slervert sea,

Mrs. Suzanne ©. Allen and Henry Lloyd Her-
bert were married at All Sou's’ Church, Madie
son avenie and Siaty-seventh street, by the
Kev. R. Leber Newton at 12 o'clock yesterday
in the presence of afew relatives and friend»,
Mr. Herbert's b-st man was Ralph N, Ellis The
brite was attended by Mr and Mrs. Raph 0,
lves, A wedding breakfast followed at Sherry's,

 

Co} ector, Special Deputy Collector Couch and
Surveyor Croft, Mrs. Shanahan is said to have
repudiated a written confession obtained at
her home as having been obtained from her
under duress by Theobald

The customs officers wouldn't tell yesterday
what the investigation had disclsed

ASKED A BUY 10 HELP AIM ROB.
The Roy Wouldn't and Was Beaten, Bound
and Thrown Down an Embankment,

Yonrens, N. Y¥,, Sept. 27.—Edward O'Hara,
15 years old, of 73 Oak street, called at police
headquarters to-night and said that he had
been accosted by a well-dressed mano in Nep-
perhan avenue, who asked him if he wanted
te make some money. The boy said he did,
and tlie man led him to @ house in Summit
street.
and watch while he, the man, wert inside to
rob. The boy refused to do so, He declares
that the man then tore some of his clothing of
and, after tying hia hands behind him with a
stoaking, beat and kicked him, threw Lim down
the side of the Croton aqueduct south of Suln-
mit street, and then ran away.

The boy said that another boy, Thomas
Muleahey, living in Gardeu street, discovered

hirn and untied his hands, Young O'liara
showed red marks on his wrists to substantiate
his story. Policeman Robinson found Mul-

cahey, who averred that oung O*Hara's story
as to his hands being bound was true,

Good Work of the Legal Ald Soctety.

The Legal Aid Society yesterday held its
first meeting after the summer vacation, Re-
porta submitted by the president, Mr, Arthur
von Briesen, showed that in the last four months
the society had handled 5,199 cases, including
1,402 {n the branch for seamen, 1,011 in the
East Side branch and 239 in the branch for
women, A gift of $2,500 by Mrs, Lucie L,
Schroeder was received with thanks, and the
varation of the chief attorney of the society,
Car) L, Schurz, who had submitted his resig-
nation as his wife’s heaith compelled him
to etay in Europe, was extended to the end
of the year, Misa Rosalie Loew, in the mean-
time, will act as chief attorney.

 

Fiavard Opens Its 264th Year.

CAMBRIDGF, Mass., Sept. 27--Harvard Uni-
versity opened its two hundredth and
sixty-fourth year this morning. The fresh-
men, who are always compelled to be on

hand a day earlier, came yesterday, At 9
o'clock this morning they were assembled in
Sever Hall to hear a short address of welcome

by Prof. Coolidge. As to the number of the
{incoming class no definite flzures could be
given out. It is expected that the class will

@eontain over 500men, a larger number thanin
any previous year. The number admitted on
examinations is over 525.

 

Favors Mild Revision of the Confession,

LovisvILue, Ky., Sept. 27.—The Presbytery
of Lwuisville North, in session at Cloverport,
Ky., to-dar, clscussed the revision of the Con-
feasion of Faith. In response to the question
of the General Assembly's Committee the
Presbytery declare! itself as opposed to any
explanatory staternent and as opposed to a
new cree but in favor of amiflt revision
such as would preserve the Calvinistic system
of doctrine in ita completeness, but would re-
Heve the Confession of misunderstanding
aud rolsinterpretation.

Diphtheria tn Ithaca.

Irmaca, N. Y., Sept. 27.—There are five cases
of diphtheria in the city of Ithaca, all of which
have broken out in three days. All but one of
the patients are schoolchildren, and it is pos-
gible that the disease may have been carried
froin one to the other Several cases have
been reported from the surroundine country
De. Bugene Baker, the Health Officer, believes
that the cause of the epidemic is infected milk,
which caused a similar epidemic last year.

 

Warships Home After the Manwuvres.

The cruiser New York, flagship of the North
Atlantic squadron, which has been engaged in
the mimic war off Newport, arrived yesterday

and anchored off Tompktineville. She was pro-
ceded by the converted yacht Scorp on and ‘ole
lowed by the battleship Massachusetts The
ships will go into dry dock at the Brooklyn
Navy Yard for an overhaul ng
Are You Going to Bulld or Rent?

Staten Island has (ts advantages as compared with
other desirable home site districts See Suodays
SUN, Sept. 3u.-Ado.

| bly
‘Theman asked O'Hara to stand outside |

 

\

RIDAY, SEPTEMBER 26,100

LIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWN.

 

Renting furnished houses at the high prices
paid for desirable dwellings seems unobjection-
able under ordinary circumstances, although
one recent instance turned out to be much less
advantageous to the lessor than he had ex-
pected, ‘This landlord rented his home, which
is one of the most comfortable on the uptown
side street near Fifth avenue, to a millionaire
who had recently married and was awaiting
the completion of his own residence, ‘The
rent paid was high and could have come only
from & multi-millionaire, ‘This was the chief
advantage of having a millionaire for a tenant,
but it turned out later that there could also be
drawbacks to tenants accustomed to have
caprices and able to indulge them, The house
was put into perfect order before ifa new Oc-
cupants arrived, and was indeed as luxurious
as unybody could reasonably have desired,
But the millionaire preferred a different kind
of plumbing and he ordered that put into the
house. It was impossible for him to enjoy
the necessary quiet while the workmen were
in the house and he moved to a hotel with his
family andservants. It was an expensive hotel
and lis quarters were spacious, So the bill
was a large one amounting in all to about
$2,000. The change in the style of the plumb-
ing cost $6,000 and the entire amount which
the landlord paid out during the first month
of his millionaire tenant's occupancy of the
house was $8,000. The rent was fortunately
high enough to enable him to make some small
profit on the year

John Drew spent last summer at Easthamp-
ton, L. 1., a place to which few actors have pene-
trated hitherto, Annie Russell and Mrs. le
Moyne were Indeed the only two stage people
who had ever been there previously. Mr
Drew not only rescued a party of young girls
from drowning in the surf last year, but made
himself so popular in other ways that he was
a conspicuous figure in the eye of the place.
He has now bonght some land there and 4@
New York itchitect is to put up @ hou e for
him. Mr. Drew has hitherto spent his summers
in Wurope. but he was received with such cor-
diality by the society of this Long Island vil-
lage, that he fs going to show his appreciation
of its kindness by settling there permanently.

The beautiful Lola Beeth, who has tarried
briefly in New York isto retire from the oper-
aticstage. She will be remembered as one of
the leading sopranos of the company at the
Metropolitan five seasons ago. She never
succeeded in making much impression on her
audiences and her disappointment over this
fact was not the only disagreeable feature of
her sojourn in New York, The hotel in which
she was living was seized by the Sheriff and
there were other incomprehensible aud em-
barrassing episodes of her New York Visit
None of these was of course 60 serious as her
failure to win popularity here Fraulein
Beeth had resigned from the opera company
{in Viennaand had appeared in Paris in the
first production of “Tannhaeuser” and “Die
Walkuere.* She was anxious like most
other singers to be successful here
but there wos ho excitement over
Fraulein Beeth's presence and «he
soon dropped out of the memory of the Met-
tropolitan's patrons. The soprano. ret irned

mewhat reluctantly to Europe and resumed
her place in the company at Vienna, She has
been singing there ineonspicuously ever since
and the news that she is about to retire is prac-
tically the first that has been heard of her, She
ia now about 80 and was beautiful when she left
this country. One of the things that always
interfered with Fraulein Beeth’s artistic proa-
ress Was Said fo be the posseasion of a Reeae
number of relatives who were dependent on her
for support. It used to be said that a whole
village in Poland practically subsisted on her
earnings. She was at one time highly popular
in Vienna and was the particular favorite of
the w en who took as much pleasure in her
perforinances as they usually do in those of
some popular tenors.

SECRETARY HAY'S HEALTH.

  
 

 

He Goes Out Walking and Says He Is Going
Back to Washington Very Soon.
SUNAPEE, N. H., Sept John Hay,
Secretary of State, has fully recovered from hia
{ driving

27.--Col

recent sickness fe has been out

nearly every day and takes long walks when
it does not rain Col. Hay was met this
morning walking at a sharp gait, near the

entrance to his estate, about a mile from his
bome. It was bright and rather warm and
the Secretary wore a light businesea suit and
carried @ roug)ilv-trinmed sapling, which he
used as an alpenstock

Before any question was put Secretary Hay
said that upon no subject would he be inter-
viewe i. Asked concerning his health he said:
“f am in very good health, as 1 have been. [
am as well as usual.”

He was asked why he reraained away from
Washington so long and when he intended to
return. He replied: _“[ co not know just what
day I shall return to Washington but {it will be
very soon, very soon. When L left f intended
to remain through thie month.”

COSTS FOR ALDERMEN TO PAY?

Orders Municipal Assembly to
Approve These Bonds,

The Consolidated Gas Company obtained
a writ of mandamus from Justice Truax of
he Supreme Court yesterday requiring the
Municipal Assembly to convene and approve
an issue of bonds to pay an award of $365,250
made to the company for its property taken
at tlith street and First avenue for the new
Jeffersou Park, The Board of Estimate had
authorized the issue of the bonds on May
1899, but the approval of the Municipal A:@em-
was required and could not be obtained.
Assistant Corporation Counsel Blandy, appear-
ine for the Municipal Assembly, said that he
did sot oppose the motion for the mandamus.
The delinquent lewisiators may have to pay
the costs individualty.

 

 

 
 

 

 

School Girl Killed at a Crossing.

Port Jervis, N. ¥., Sept. 27.—Erie passenger
train 9, A. L. O’llara, engineer, and Howard
Daniels, conductor, at 12:20 toeday struck and
killed Frances Feldman, the ten-year-old daugh-
ter of J. J. Feldman, an Erle railroad detective,
at the Sparrowsbush grade crossing, two miles
weat of here. The gir) was r: turning to school
and had been waiting on the south side of the
track for an eastbound eal train to pass. When
the caboose passed her she started to run across
the tracks. Not hearing the passenger train
approaching she ran directly in front of the
engine. She was hurled down an embankment
of sixteen feet. The train was stopr ed and
when the child was picked up by Step
she was dead. The crossing is a dangerous
one and much travelled.

Pugilist McAuliffe Beats Several Persons ta a
Deug Store,

Jack McAuliffe, pugilist, was at Coney Island
on Wednesday nicht and used a telephone there
to cal! up Mrs. Edna Smith of Bensonhirst. He

had some trouble on the telephone and ordered
a hackman to drive him tothe telep one centra
oftice in the drug «tore of Dr. Andrew Hegetwnan
jn Vay Seventeenth street. He assaulted Percy

durham, the telephone onerator, Dr, Hegeman
and George S-hofleld tried to proteet Durham,
and they wer’ also beaten by McAuliffe, The
wire which MeAuliffe was tal.ing over, it was
ead, had b come crossed, and he heard the
voice of a Woman who was not Mra Smith He
accused the operator of being at fault.

 

Hanting Party of Forty Pack Antmals,

GLENWOOD SppBines, Col, Sept. 22—The
largest hunting party of the season and the bast
equipped was taken into the hills on Friday
morning by Steve Baxter and five of his most
competent guldes, The party was composed
of R. J. Preston, J. J. Stevens, A. M. Baker,
W. P. Thompson, W. A. Bradshaw, Jr., and
Il. FE. Devereaux, all of Colorado Springs, and
have gone into the hills prepared to stay six
wee's, The outit consisted of forty pack ani-
mals and there are five guides and two cooks
They will scour the country round about Cali-
fornia Park for the larger gam and will take in
the likes and grouse country closer home on
their return,
The Smiths of Stony Brook Belleve in Cure

by Prayer.

STony Brook, L. I., Sept. 27.—Edwin Smith
ofthis place, who,;recently returned from the
faith curists’ colony at Shiloh, says he was
cured of a severe disease solely by prayer. In
a few days his daughters, Stella and Tillie
Siiith, will eo to the colony. The elder will do-
vote her life to the colony and the younger wil!
seek a cure for a@ Cataract over the eve, Miss
Luin Biydenburgh, ano her young woman re-
siding here, is also preparing to join the colony
‘The young women and Mr. Smith are known
here us “sanctified Methodists.’

The Hawk Floated.
MONTREAL, Quebec, Bept. 27.—The United
Btates training ship Hawk, which ran aground

on ashonl near | achine last night afier lbaving
the eanal, was floated this afternoon and pro-
ceeded on her way toCleveland. The vessel did
Dot sustain any serious damage.

Mr. Gerry Gives a Nurses’ Sailing Party.

Commodore Elbridge T. Gerry yesterday
took a party of Be ievue Hospital nurses out
or @ sail up the Hudson aboard bis yacht
Kicotra .

ien Wells |

TEA

|

  

oeees ZF AMe

00

 

GOMEZ PRAISES OUR WORK:

SAYS THERE IS NO REASON TO DIS
TRUST AMERICANS IN CUBA,

 

Flame of War Will Soon Be Extingalshed ta
the Island Forever—Revolution Eads With
the Constitutional Convention—Gen,
Wood's Report op the Military Occupation

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN,
Havana, Sept. 27.—Gen. Maximo Gomez
has published a letter written by him to a friend
in Santo Domingo regarding the situation in

Cuba. He says that soon the flame of war in

Cuba will be extinguished forever, and the

banner of peace will be majestically raised

on the building where the Constitutional Con-
vention will meet. There will be definitely
formed in the convention two political parties,
in which all Cubans will be able to find places.

With the convention the work of the revolu-

tion will be terminated. Gen, Gomez adds that

many Cubans have found fault and taken
umbrage at what they call the slowness of the

Americans in solving problems in Cuba. He

declares that so far there has been no reason

to distrust the Americans, Not one of their
acts can be quoted as suspicious. They are
carrying out their own programme. lf they
have been slow the fact is due to the Cubans,
who have created obstacles, After the frank
declarations made by Secretary of War Root

 

“Thanks, no, only a regular
hatter can fit me,”
What are we but regular hat-
ters? If “regular” means com.
plete, here’s every kind of head.
gear Fashion allows. If “reg:
ular” means according to rule,
here are the blocks riled correct
for 1900; not one, but all; some
of our own styles too.
Judge us by our Derby. We

|

{t would not be right to doubt Amertcan good| don’t know how to make a bet-

faith,

Gen, Wood has published the military report
for the year ended Sept. 10. He speaks very
highly of the conduct of the officers and troops,
and gays that the good conduct of the latter is
proved by the few complaints made by the
people against them. The officers have proved
most able. Gen, Wood recommends mounted
troops for service in Cuba, as infantry cannot
stand the hard service without bad results,
He speaks very highly of his staff. F. 8tein-
hart, chief clerk, is mentioned for valuable aid
in the conduct of civil official business.

 

 

FIXING THE PRICE OF MILK.

The Five States Association Adopts a Sohed-
ule to Go Into Effect on Oct. 16.

Brnonamton, N. Y., Sept. 27.—A general
meeting of the Five States Milk Producers’ As-
association is in session in this city to-day. The
session began at 9 o'clock this morning and there
was a spirited discussion as to the prices for
milk throughout the Five States territory dure
ing the next six months. It resulted in the fol-
lowing statement being drawn up by @ Come
mittee, which was adopted by the association
and presented to the press for publication

A special meeting of tthe Board of Directors
and Advisory Committe of the Five States
Milk Producers’ Association, met at the Arling-
ton Hotel, Binghamton, Sept. 27, and adopted
the following schedule of prices, to go inte
effect Oct. 16.

 

  
 

 

Per Per Per

Yt. 40-Qt. Cans 100 Qis
October......+0. 2M $i.to $1.29
Novem ber... 3 1,20 lal
Deeember.... 3 1 20 14)
January .. oe 3 1.20 1.41
bebruary........ ‘ 2% 1.10 1.20
MAreD....corecbeccccees 23 1,00 1.17
AVOTARO. cc cereus 2.56 $1.15 1-5 $1.52

A resolution was adopted to the effect that
the local ns are requested to demand
the prices adopted, and if any dealer should
refuse to pay these prices the central associa-
tion Will assist the local sections to dispose of
sud milk at the above prices through its Aid
Committee, The organization places itself
on record as opposed to any unnecessary
drastic measures that would cut off the supply
of milk or inconvenience the consumers in New
York city in any manner whatever, but they are
determined to insist upon @ reasonable price
for their products, Particular stress was laid
npon the fact that the organization would do
{ts utrnost to furnish to consumers in NewYork
milk of the pest quality and in the purest con-
dition and asked the cooperation of the State
and local boards of health iu New York to that
enc

 
  
  

 

NENNING ANDERSON FOUND.
The Missing Stamford Boy, Who Raa Away
After Being Scolded, Found in This City.

STaMPORD, Conn., Sept. 28.—Clair Anderson
found his sixteen-year-old son, Henning Ander-
son, for whom he has been searching since
Sept. 8, last night. The boy had left home after
receiving an admonition about cigarette amok-
ing and had obtained employment in a res
taurant on Forty-third. street near Broad-
way, New York. John J. Wall, a hack driver,
had dinner in the restaurant the other day
and recognized the boy from the descriptions
of him published. He wrote to Mr. Anderson,
who went to New York last night and found the
b y Mr. Anderson, who is a well-known
bullder and contractor here, spent nearly
$500 in his efforte to find the bor

 

ELECTRIC AND POWER COMBINE.
Street Rallways and Electric Companies of
Montgomery, Ala., Unite,

Montoomery, Ala., Sept. 27—A_ consoll-
dation has been effected between all of the
local street railways and electric companies
involving a combination of over $3,000,000
of capital. The combination tneludes the
Montgomery Light and Power Company,
representing a million and a half invested;
the Montgomery Street Railway Company
and the water power companies of mopts
zomery, & million and a guarter. The bonded
indebtedness of the combination will be §2,100,-
oo, The details of the consolidation have

| not been arranged, but the scheme has pro-

x '

gressed sufficiently to make {ts early accom-
plishment a certainty.

SEARCHING FOR A NEGRO PREACHER.

 

 

He Struck a White Man With a Boat Scraper
and He May Die of His Injuries.

Norro.k, Va, Sept. 27.—Norfolk county
officers are searching for the Rev. Henry Love,
a negro Baptist preacher, who is believed to

be in hiding in the Dismal Swamp. Love,
who works occasionally at the Thomas ship-
yard, was yesterday ordered by Charies Bland,
a white carpenter also employed there, w do
certain work siecgvering after noon that
the work was not done, Bland reprimanded
Love. The preacher struck Bland on the head
with a boat scraper and he will probably die.

Gen, Palmer's Funeral.

SPRINGFIELD, Ill, Sept. 27.—The funeral
of Gen, John M, Palmer was held in this city
to-day, Short services took place at 1 o'clock
at the family home, where the Rev. E. B, Rogers,
pastor of Central Baptist Church, delivered

an address. Ritualistic services of the Masons
and the G. A. R. followed, At 2:40 o'cloc
the ody was sent to Carlinville for interment
in the family lot.

 

alew ‘Pudlications,

     
   

|

     
      
      
  
      
   
       
  

i A PLEA FOR FAIR TREATMENT
MA by Minister Wu Ting Fang &&
y A JOURNEY TO THE IME AND {
4 TOMB OF CONFUCIUS, described by
i, Baron Ernst von Hesse een
“CHINESE TRAITS AND WESTE
BLUNDERS” by Bishop Henry C. Pouer
CHINESE EDUCATION @p/"%
a. the Imperial Colleg
Sr ® 3 ae :
' CIVIC HELPFULNESS b
i THEODORE ROOSEVEL.
The New Serial Novel

! THE HELMET
OF NAVARRE”!

STORIES, ILLUSTRATED ARTICLES
Etc.,Etc. 33 Cents

THE C

  
  

   
    
   

AS

 

          

     

a3

    

C.—WALDEN, Voiney’ Ruins, Poems of Pas-
7 D sion, Darwin's Origin cf pecies Pratt 161 they,

ter one.

P. §S. Some one says “an
ounce of satisfaction is worth a
ton of talk.” We guarantee sat-
isfaction.

Rogers, Peet so Company.

258 Broadway, cor, Warren,
and 7 and 0 Warren St

669 Broadway, cor. Prince,

1260 Broadway, cor. 52d
and 54 West 33d St

We All orders
by mall.

 

MARINE INTELLIGENCE.

MINTATURE ALMANAC—TRHIS DAY.
Sun rises......6:52 | Sun sets..5 49| Moon ects... 8:14
HIGH WATER THIS DAY.
Gandy Hook.,.9:48| Gov. I'd 10.20) Hell Gate..18:15

Arrived—THURSDAY, Sept 27.

U. 8. S. Massachusetis, Tralo, Newport
U. 8. S. New York, Snow, Newport

U. 8. S. Scorpion, Sargent, Newport.

Ss Afghanistan, Capt Williamson,
June 264.

Ss Pennsylvania, Spliedt, lam burg, Sept 16.

Ss Diamant, Reiners, Geestemunde, Sept, 12.

Ss Astrakban, Davies, Hamburg, Sept 7.

Ss Marengo, Bingham, Newcastle, Sept. 12.

Ss Peconic, Mills, Palermo, Sept 4

Ss Milano, S¢ rermbers Hamburg, Sept 12.

Ss eentucky, Caroce, Hamburg. Sept 4

Ss Kaffir Prince, Sharpe St. Lucia. Sept 19,
ann Prius Frederick Hendrik, Port au Prince,

ept, 21,

Ss Princess Anne, Davis, Norfolk, Sept 26

S; H. F. Dimoek, Baker, Boston, Sept 26,

Ss City of Macon, Savage, Buston, Sept. 26

Yokohama,

 

ARRIVED OUT.

8s Amsterdam, from New York, at Rotterdam.

Ss Patricia, from New York, at Hamburg

Ss Germanic, from New York, at Queensiown.

8s Fuerst Bismaret, from New York, at Cherhourg.

Ss New York, from New York, at Southampton.
arn Empress of China from Vancouver, at Yoko.

ama.

 

 

SATLED FROM FOREIGN PORTS.
Ss Tentonio, from Queenstown for New York.
8s Lahn, from Southampton for New York
8s Cufic. from Liverpool for New York
Ss Maacdam, from Rotterdam for New York
Ss Empress of Japan, from Hong Kong for Van-
couver.

 

OUTGOING STEAMSHIPS
Sati To-day.

Matis Close. Vessels Sail

  

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
 
  
 
   
 
 

 

 

| Origen, Jamatca.seoo.... 100 P M 300P M

} Dagery, Yucatan . 100 PM s00P M
Herminius, La Plata S00 PM s00P M
Comanche, Charleston . so0P M
Rio Grande, Brunswick... 0 «..-ssesee s00P M

Sati To-morrow.
Umbria, Liverpool... ® 639 AM 9O0AM
Spaarndam, Rotterdam... 890 AM 1000AM
Princess Irene. Bremen.... .. 1000 AM
Island, Denmark +. O00AM 1100AM
Furnessta, Glasgow. ... -1000AM 1200M
Menominee, Landot..ce.s  eeres cece 900AM
Bulgaria, Hamburg, .....++ oe 900AM
Sardinian, Glastow ° . 100PM
Philadeipbian, Liverpool... °
Havana, Havana.... 1190 AM 100P M
Parana, La Plata ‘ . S8OAM 1:00AM
Alleghany, Jamaica....... 1000 A M 1200M
Maracaibo, Curacao....... lOOOAM 1200M
Ponce, Porto Rico ........ 190 AM 12: 00M
Ravenadale, Yucatan...... LLOOAM 100PM
Comus, New Orleans..ce..  ececces s00PM
E) Paso, New Orieais..... paaiie 300PM
Sal Tuesday, Oa. 2

Kalser Wilhelm der Grosse,

Bremen.. . TO0OAM 10900AM
Troquots, Charleston....666 cscs eeeee 800PM
INCOMING STPAMSHIPS
Due To dav.

Furopean.. +. London .....0....+ Sepe 14
Consuelo A - "| 16
Colum bia.. Hamburg 20
Bristol City Swansea 16
Fi Dorado New Orleans 23
Troquots Jacksonville {
Tihaka... -HAVAMB. «060 ceeees

 

Due To-morrow.

 

St. Louls..-..ecee soooess+s- SOUIDAMPtON...... Sept. 22
L' Aquitaine eee meyer 23
Campania...+ Liverpool... 22
Comal...... «oe. Galveston... 238
VAG AMA. co sey cc ecereeeese HIAVADS. ..cseeeees 25
Due Sunday, Sept. 30.
VICROTIO. 06. ccc cee ee ceeee es GIDTAILAL..... 00+ Sept 14
Seminole... .-++.. . Jacksonville ...... Sept. 27

Due Monday, Ort. 1.

Ham bur «come
Glasgow

Pelgravia
Caledon

     
   
    
    
    

 

  

  
    

Manitou... landon
Burgundle Gibraltar...
Caracas. San Juan

El cid New Orleans.

  
    
   

  

Louls! New Orleans.

 

Business Notices.

AAR AAPA PAPEL PPR

Mrs. Winstow's Soothing Syrup for children
teething, softens the guma, reduces inflammation,
allays pain, eures wind colic, diarrh@a. 250. @ bottle

 

 

—_— Sees
pDiImDYD.

 

GIRARD —At Bath, N. Y., on Thursday, Sept. 27,
1990, William Girard, im the 64th year of his
age

Funeral private, Interment at Lutheran Cemetery,
Brooklyn, N. Y¥., Saturday, Sept. 20, 1900,

MANGAM.—At Sing Sing, N. Y., Wednesday
Sept, 26, 1900, Daniel Delevan Manugam, aged 72
years.

Funeral service will be held at his late residence,
Linden pL, Highland av., Sing Sing, on Saturday
Sept. 20, 1900,at 2 P.M. Carriages will await
arrival of 12:16 train from Grand Central Station.
Relatives and friends fovited Interment at con-
venience of family.

MITCHELL, -On Thursday morning, Sept 27,
1900, Elizabeth Howell Mitchell, beloved wife of
William Mitchell.

Funeral services will be held at the residence of her
mother, Mrs. Theodore P. Howell, 662 Broad et,
Newark, N. J., om Saturday, Sept 29, 1000, at
halt past 2 intheafiernoon, Interment private
Kindly omit flowers.

ROSS.—At Craigavad, County Down, Ireland, on
| Sept. 22, 1900, Wilam A. Ross, in the 84th year
{ of his age.

SCHWARZWALDER,—On Thursday, Sept, 27,
1900, at 8 A. M., Elizabeth, widow of Jokn
Schwarewalder, in the 78th year of her age.

Relatives and friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend funeral service op Saturday, Sept 20, 1900,
at6P. M., at ber late residence, 317 West 57th st.
Interment private. Omit flowers.

SHAW.—On Thursday, Sept. 27, 1900, at his rest-
dence, 140 West 66th st, George Shaw.

Funeral services will be beld at St. Matthew's
Church, 28 West 64th st, Saturday, Sept 29,

1900, at 2 P. M.
TAYLOR.—On Wednesday, Sept. 26,1900, Mary M.,
widow of Willlam L. Taylor.

Funeral services at her late residence, 110 West
65th st,on Saturday, Sept. 29, 1900, at10:s0
A.M. Interment in Greenwood Cemetery at the
convenience of the family.

CYPRESS HILLS CEMETERY,

Office, 1 Madis+n ayv., corner 234 at.. N. ¥.

 

 

   

~ Colleges and Schools. "

——s

 

 

a

For Boys 4Young Men—City & Country

‘SACRED HEART ACADEMY.

Select Cathollo Boarding School; thorough
peatenle, ont somnerees courses: location uo
urpassed; miliitary drill; terms moder
Brother AUGUST, West Chester N - —
EXPERT EDUCATION, Backward youths and
unsucorssf ul for college entrance received by expert
| tutor (married) of long paperenen, in his pleasant
| bome,at Morristown, N. J. Success guaranteed. Num-
| ber limited. Highest recommendation. For etrcular
} OBd terms apply to A. PENN, Morristown N. J.

 

~

re

 

Colleges and Schools,

—

 

 

ee

For Boys & You Men—City & Country.

NEW YORK
PREPARATORY
SCHOOL.

 

iw Regeuts' work,

    

 

Oldest New York Schoo! spectalie

Largest school preparing for proi ional colleges

Bes iipped for law, medical, dental certificates

Both New York and Hrookiyu Divisions hold sepa
' rate ‘abs duteor permanent’ limited charters granted
{ by the Regents,

Alumni number nearly 000 men and women

No “cheap tutors, ita staff of professional and

|

experienced graduates of Yale, Columbla, Cornell and
other colleges.

Lowest (ces consistent with retention on faculty of
men of abiilty and successful experience

DAY OR EVENING SESS

New Term Begins Oct. Ist.

examina;

NS.

Catalogues and ‘Success tu Regents’
tions” sent Address

15 WEST 43D 87T., NEW VORK CITY,
200 JONALEVMON ST., BROOKLYN

Senftner School, -

13 ASTOR PLACE, NEAR BROADWAY,

Academic Department.
Prepares for all leading uo iversives, new syatema
of Instruction, ‘Two years’ course.
For academe catalogue address

H. F. senftner, A.B, M.D, Prie,

Regents,

29th Session Begins October 1, 1900.

OLDEST, LARGEST, FEST ROQUEPPED aid
most SUCCESSFUL schoo! for He ts’ Instruetion,

Phis school has success! prepared thousands
of Law. Medical, Dental and tudents for the
REGENTS’ EXAMINATIONS aod for COL
LEGES. For catilo contaioing IMPORTANT
NUTICE, PLAIN FACTS GENUINE SUCCESS IN
REGENTS’ EXAMINATIONS, address

GW. Senftner, A. B.,

“Hamilton Lasttute,

45 West Sist St., Manhattan Square, North,

SCHOOL FOR BOYS,

REOPENS SUPT. 277i
or information catalogue address
It,

N. ARCHIBALD SHAW, Jr., M. A. Principal,
THE LOYOLA SCHOOL.

N. W. Corner of 83d Street and Park Avenu>
Under the Direction of Vatners of the Soelety of
Jesus, Opens Monday Ortober lst
College Preparation throug Grammar and Aca
Gemic Departineuts, Day pupils only; number lim
{ted: classes of ten Hullding new and freproof;
CYmnasium;, equipments modern Pultlon $300.00
er annum, For prospectus and particulars ap ly ty
Jee Principal, Rey, WM. J. ENNIS, &. J., 080 Pars

Aveuue
N,N. McKINNON, S, J., Priacipal,

Lt , Sceretary.

   

 

 

Cladison School, 24", 33%"

New Jerse,
on N. J & N.Y. BR. RR. (branch of Erie), 24 miles ont,
Winter session opens Oct ber

oth Number of
boarders limited to twenty

 
   

Axe, from 12 years

Work, privete tutoring with the advantages of
schoo) associations Curriculam, preparatory to
Columbla applied selences Physteal Culture,
Horsemanship ievery pupil bis horse), Fencing and
ficld work, Facilities, Laboratories, Workshops and
ample grounds beautifully situalec, New buildin

G. von TAUBEB, Principal,

RUGBY MILITARY ACADEMY

West End Ay. and 4th St., Manhattan.
Preparation for all Colleges. V’rimary Department,
Military optional to seniors Day, Special and Rest
dent Students. Twelfth year begins Oct Is, Pre
liminary instruction Sept 17th, Telephone 1260
Riverside for tlustrated catalogue.

~~ pWICGHT SCHOOL

AG West 4:40 Street, New dora city,
Zist Year opens Sept. 26th,

Righ class private school for boys from 7 to 2%
years of age ndividual attention given boys whose
education has been irregular. Large faculty. Labor
atories. Gymnasium AtDietics

Apnbudl catalogue will be sent on application to

ARTHUR WILLIAMS. b. A, Prinelpal.

IRVING SCHOOL (BOYS), L. D. RAY,

NEW BUILDING, 85 WEST 44TH STREP 1
Open Sept 27th, Mr. Ray now at school
Primary, Intermediate and Collegiate grades Indi

vidual work under professional teachers.
Classes average cigiit
Seventy graduates Otted successfully for college
since 1890. Year Book on request

THE SCHOOL OF

COMMERCE, ACCOUNTS AND FINANCE
OFf NEW YORK UNIVERSITY
OPENS OCTOBER 1, 1900,

For ANNOUNCEMENT, containing all tnforma
fon, send postal to “Hegistrar of University, Wasn

ington Square, New York City.”

Collegiate School,

241 WEST SEVENTY-SEVENTHE ST,
REOPENS MONDAY, OCTOBFR 1
Mr, Mygalt will be at the schoolhouse daily, @ to 42
and 4 to 6 o'clock,

 

 

 

 

 

SYMS SCHOOL.

Robert H. Syms. William ©, Simmeoas.
APPLY FOR CIRCULAR

22 West 45th Street,

The Barnard School,

117 and 110 West 125th Street,
Kindergarten Through High Sehool Prenaratory.
ISTH YEAR BEGAN SEPT, 20T)L
WM. 1. HAZEN. H. A., LL. B., Neud Master,
THEO, E. LYON, B. S8., Associate Head Master.

For Uirls & Young Women—City & Conntry.

The Veltin School for Girls.

College Preparation. Number of pupils limited te
twelve in each class
Fire prov! building. Flewator
160-162 WEST 74TH STREET.

Mea & Women-—tlity

REGENTS’

Examinations. Central Prepagateg School,
18 and 20 East 42d st. W. W. SMITH
B, A., Principal (founder. and late principal
of New York Preparatory School),

& Country.

 

For Young

 

Business Colleges.

epACHARP ‘——

COMMERCIAL SCHOOL
4TH AVE. AND 28D ST.—48D YEAR.

Individual! Instruction tn All Commercial Branches.
DAY AND EVENING SESSIONS,

  
    
     
   
         
     
     

  
 
 

The Packard Night School begins Mon-
day, Oct. }. It opens the door of business
promotion to those who wish to Earn
while they Learn. Oflice open for regis-
tration of students every week day, also
Monday, Wednesday and Friday evenings,

No risk incurred in selecting a echool whoae
worth has commended tt tu ie busincea world
for more than furty yeare,

Long Island Business College

345 to 140 South Sth St., Brooktyn.

The business training school of to-day
men and young women
DAY AND EVENING SESSIONS.
HENRY C. WRIGIT, Prinelpal

fur young

Winniebdn 1 ee :

Kissick’s Business Institute,
45-49 Ashland Pl, Brooklyn A thorough, prac
tical business education; modern methods; Bool

keeping, Stenography and ‘Typewriting, $10 to $
perterm. English, Classics, Higher Mathematics

RATT INSTITUTE, BROOKLYN, N. Y, : Saw
Fall term begins Sept 24.

  

 

Schools of Languages.

atte

CAN GUAG|

 

“NEL ASCO SCHOOL
BRLN

285 SC MERMERNONN ST

 

Law Schools.

NEW YORK Day School, 85 Naseau St.

LAW SCHOOL Evening School, » West 16th St
“Dwight Method" of Instrac-

tion, LL.B. in two years; LLM. In three years

GLORGE CHASE Dean
Schools of Physical Culture,

DR. SAVAGE GYMNASIUM

Send for catalogue

 

and N.Y. P
sos w. ean se, Normal School of ayaa,
Eleventh Season now open Circulars.
ero + —

 

Miscellaneous,

IVATE HOME AND SCHOOL for etd a youn
Whose minds are enfeebied or unde Shout as

moderate. Kev, ©. F, GARRISON, Cranbury, N. J.