RUSSIA’S NEW

 
 

IMPORTER
“FAVOR OF TAX
WAR ONBRITISH

To Ask Congress to Stop
Arms Exports or Fix
. Heavy Revenue Charge.

 

 

_ MAY URGE BIG TARIFF
AS BLOW AT ENGLAND

 

Britain Said to Be Showing
Favoritism to Aid Her
Own Manufacturers,

 

U. 8. PROTESTS BRING
ONLY SCANT RELIEF

 

Tondon Lawyers Fare Bet-
ter Than State Department
in Freeing Cargoes,

 

While of dollars worth of
toys, china, laces, fine Iinen. cutlery and
other commodities ordered for the Santa

millions

Maus trade are being held up by Great!

Britain in neutral foreign ports Ameri-
ear 'mporters are planning measures of
r@aliation which they hope will impress
spon Jolin Bull the wisdom of letting
Ametican owned goods come through the
hloeka de

The first step it this campaign, ave
cording to ex-Judge Thaddeus 8. sShar-
retts, counsel to the American Importers
Association, Will be a demand that Con-
prohibit the exportation of

 

gress ether

   

 

 

   

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

  

arms and other war supplies or impose
en them a heavy internal revenue tax
it is also likely that Congress will be
asked to raise the tariff on certain ime |
nortan! art s which come inainy from
Eagland, but which can be supplied by
thie country. The importers are not
rei ready to make public their plans in
‘his direction 2
Mr Shorretts has made many trips to
Washington in behal’ of members of the
oss mm, WhO Nave been trying to get
the @igu trode advisers of the State
Depariment and the 2ritish Wmibassy to
re-onnend! the isevuing of permite by the
Boitis Foreign Office Witheut which
noth nz con be moved from the blockaded
pOlts. Su slowly have the wheels moved
! ‘ ity that Mr. Sharretis is
© edt Great Britain has acted
n wt bad faith. He s been
} the conelusion that it is de-
ela using its conto] of the seas to
hoid from the Unite States such
me lise us competes our merkets
wth othe products of British factories,
He s..) yesterday to a SUN reporter:
“British Reasons Frivolous.’
aarl Gives or Lord Robert Cecil,
°, ;
Unier secretary of Marine, were in
formes’ in telling Parliament that there
Was 00 disposition to withhold#gouds con-
Sgned tu neutral owners they wouldn't!
be tm g all sorts of factitious objec-
“ons aul offering frivolous grounds for)
ve n delivery, Even if a few mis-

‘s Were made and the goods got into

the wrong hands it would be a matter of

no grea’ moment, but the British officials

have resorted to all sorts of excuses,
The importers have been averse to

 

tion of this kind, knowing
United States Government
So its State Department was duing
eVersthing ty its power to ald them in
securing the property that belongs to

Toey now feel, however, that if
' unfortunate conditions are
! for any considerable time it
: disaster to many of them, no
what preferences they may have

the past.

! k I can safely say that the im-
Willing and anxious to advo-

ne any a

at he

   

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

te ) tneasure that will shorten the |
va ad that they feel that supplying
the es Wih an unlimited amount of
Pos will prolong the war For that
ra Congress will be asked to stop
Me ite altogether or to impose a
hea ernal revenue tax
', 8, Advisers Misled,
! rade advisers of the Siate De-
par Judge Sharretts went on,
’ efativable and earnest i have |
Aine a ey could do, but they are mis-
hd ) bopresenting to Amertean ime |
port t goods bought bef Mareh
Tin tiemoany or Austria which were
toi to Retterdain would get out of |
ew Arnerican attorneys, several of
the connected with the State
Depironent, Went to England to secure
LO, ve » of American Importations,
8 f hem claimed to have ‘influence,’
Others talked of special opportunities,
the ive of whieh is not yet under-
st I tis that many delivertes
* recomplished — through |
te ttrorueys
which received thelr
' at fact through this
C the serious detriment of their |
e re, Who had belleved that their
would be Infinitely better tf!
y be jred the assistance of the for-
8 seis of the State Department.
vais discovered that they were
ng thelr goods, while private |
london were getting per-
ely clients, Duporters througn-
1 nitry, especially in the East,
n h a Vigorous protest against
‘ m that Creat Britain was com-
Mm » transfer the consideration of
Cane vn London to Washington, -
rt great extent the preferences |
‘ ie shown abroad have been over
fone ‘Hreat complaint is still being
hace however, that certain importers,
Mroug inknown influences, are getting
t erchandise, while others of the
Dighe tanding who operate exclusively
Mroueh che State Department's foreign |
wen Ivicers continue to be held up in
atts on ”
‘ ey oman familiar with the fin
Porting situation said virtually all mer-
Hand Which is coming to Amertea
” of wares which Great) Britain
‘oes rot produce in exporting quantities,
re i times of peace, Some shipments
OT toy

‘ave come through, for example ;

Continued on Fifth Page.

A sketch of M. Khvostoff, just appointed to
most important post in Csar's gov-
ernment, in THE SUN to-morrow.

STRONG MAN.

Head of

 

 

 

 

EMBER 13,

 

Secret Service Chief Now in BRYAN RULING BLAMED FO

Charge of All the
Investigations.

 

SEARCHING INQUIRY ON
ARMS PLANTS FIRES

 

| All investigations into the pro-German
| Propaganda in this country are now be-
} ing centred under the leadership of Chief
aon of the secret service, according
to a report yesterday, He has become
the directing head of the inquiries be-
ing made, under orders from President
Wilson.

The Presideni—so this report had it
~has determined to break up the bomb
plotting, fire setting conspiracy, if in-
ieed it is being done by concerted ac-
; tion, and to rout the plotters, even
| though they are carrying on thelr mach-
| inations

Ios is declared to be one of

 

 

ARMY OF ALIENS IN U. S.

Thompson Committee Sends

 

Hyphenated Plotters Said to Have Been Organized by
Consular Agents—Arson, Bombs and Munitions
Plant Explosions Attributed to Them.

PHILADELPHIA, Nov,
ence of what is virtually an alien army
in this country, organized by consular

agents of Austria-Hungary und German

i2—The exist-

the amazing facts brought to Haght by
Federal investigators trailing foreign
arson and bomb plotters and their sup-
posed connection with the many recent
fires in armament and munition plants.

An equally amazing feature about the
hyphenated plotters’ army is that it was
apparent!y organized under the author-
{ty of a ruling from the State Depart-
ment under William Jennings Bryan

Chier oe groups pein the Department recognized the
} . yon, it is said, is looking Claims made by foreign countries on
,; Sharply into the fires in munition fac-| “dual citizenship" and its liability to
tories. He has been empowered to call/ foreign military service.

upon police and State authorities for aid
, Wherever he may want {t. Police Com-
missioner Woods,
all the men under them, the Jersey po-
lice and the Department of Justice and
other divisions of local, State or na-

tional Government will cooperate in the
work

 

Collector Malone and |
|

Tt is this ruling which is sald to have
been posted far and wide by consular
ugents of Germany and Austria-Hun-
gary and by their hyphenated news-
papers of many tongues to impress the
peaceful immigrants and naturalized
foreigners with the idea that they were
by no means independent of orders !s-
sued by the two Kaisers and their rep-
resentatives in this country

 

 

 

naturalized and unnaturaligzed, many of
them registered against their wishes,
who are now saif to constitute a virtual
allen army, organized for service in this
the work of
and shipwrecking,

arson, bomb
destroy

country for
planting to
put

At the outbreak of the war the local
several thousand
in charge

Ritter

consulate rexistered
reservists It
Consul-General
Griviete,

Was then of
George

and his distriet i

von
Venunsyivania,

   

| Delaware and New Jersey included many
lof the most important armament and
tora plants working on war orders
for Pngland, Prance and Russia
Since the dismissal of Ambassady
| Duinds after his boast that he coud
“disorgunize and hold up if not entirely
prevent the manufocture o iunttions
In Rethlehem and the middie West
Consul George Ritter von Griviele, by a
| strange colneidence, has been moved t
| Washington He has been on dut

Wasitngton for Austria-Hungary since

 

  
    

october 1s Von Grivicie’s place ft
1 Philadelphia has been tuken by his for-
|mer assistant, Dr. Ernest von Deter!
who, however, spends most of thie tone
in New York city

Federal tnvestigatore are sald to have
‘found that despite the persistent

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

  

 

 

     

 

| American munition plants and their out |
|
|
\
|

lel ee helen te ee

'ASK M'CALL’S.
Nationwide Haunt for Spies.

een ae

 

 

1915.— copyrionr, 1915, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Assoctation.

REMOVAL FOR:
MISCONDUC

 

Charges of Neglect to
the Governor.

-———- +

HIS STOCK HOLDINGS

|

| wy ) he Ce 3g an Austro-Hun-
The rullog of the Hryan State De- ppl ed cheats thie. ane Tit Weal
Missing Bomba Looked For. partment as republished in all the | isority of the foreign population
One of the vexihe prod! } | foreign languages and dialects and duly loyal at heart to the United State tt
Cee Vente, Preemie ert Ure ‘Rel interpreted and misinterpreted ts said to | i" peteved they would have remulned
vestigation revolves about the possibility! have had the greatest fufluence in fn- | loyal altogether 4¢ had hot been fo
or the fires in the munition factories! timidating vaturalized foreigners Uto ote Manner ino whieh they were misled
having been caused by bombs set by | Accepting orders from the consulars intg the bellef that this country cor
conspirators all { ith h i agente of thelr nationality. At the out- | videred then fi duty bound te ¥
ae Swre sued with those now Un-| break of the war these consular agents | inilitary obligations to thel: tive
der indfetment here. There is much) issued call upon call for reservists to | jands
speculation as to what happened to four! report at the consulates. There was no] Tt is en this cules
or five bombs which Fay and Seholz| 4 of sending the 8 pga and Aus: Ambassador Du now is believed
Dotest’ )tro-Hungarian reservists home to ser- have  pliced } ance ow
— d, but anion the authorities have vice, but all the reservists who reported boasted of his ability to “disorgan ze
not found, ‘The havoc wrought at the | to the consulates, In the bellef that this and hold up, ff not entirely prevent
Be hichem Steel plant and in) other) country recoguized the military demands the manufacture of munitions at the
plants ts being probed with such con. | Made upon them by thelr consular | Rethiehem plant, whieh this week vas
siderations it ind } agents, were duly registered, swept by a $1,000,000 fire o
earn | And {t is these registered aliens, | incendiary ortein
The alleged Austrian plot !s the latest | aaclivies aimee
to be investigated. At the local con-| ai
sulate yesterday the charges made by '
Dr. Jeseph Goricar, former Austro- ®
Hungarian Consul at San Francisco,
were called lies, but one man was found '
who believed them, He was the Rev. | $15 000 000 IN STEEL. AL
C. L. Orbach, editor of the Slavonian 9 9 |
Daily America He said that months) t f omnis -
augy he heard Goricur’s story that Aus- | Ces tat
trian Consuls in this country had been | ¢ ‘ : ?
working under the direction of Consul | J. L. Replogle Buys Big Share Atlanta Girl Wooed Herself hy
General von Nuber and Count von Bern- Y : 4 : ;
stor, the German Ambassador, in the in Cambria From Penn- Mail, and Bought ter
propaganda for the destruction of mu- | Ee , Doe
Nitions factortes and the fomenting of sylvania. Own Presents,
strikes anong the workers, Shes a
The local Austrian Consulate uttaches
characterized Goricar’s story as “an ; ‘ 44 ‘j Sc 12 '
we 3 me +7 HI Non o - J, Jeounrd ATLANTA iat Nov 2 Tiscee eu
unmitigated lie from top to bottom,” and PHILADELPHIA, Nov, ! F ; y Lago Miss Julia Choate ( fhau
repeated the testimony of their Wash-, Repogie, representing his own interest) io of the Re Tinenrit Keun
ington associates that Gorlear Was |and that of nine associates, bought 240.-) superintendent of Ba Orpliuar
pie hie Rat or hy oe pee 000 shares of Cambria Steel stock from | Home and ene nt he must) pronaiine
circles because he yas founc uy : - es aia te ministers of Atlanta, went to Jolms
traitor and # sp) the Pennsylvania Ra Irond here to-day Hopkins Hospital in’ Baltimore to :
But Editor Orbach of the Slav news- at approximately $62.50 a share, Ue! operated upor She was 4 lovely gis
paper said: “No, Goricar was not ©! transaction totalling $15,000,000, The ja musie Ceacher, popular socially ana
traitor He is * Slav and he hates | oun which he represents is now the apparently herr do Was hernia
Hungary, as all Slavs du. He resigned, , ces ’ athe “yr three months in Baltimore Miss
for they would have killed him if he. !argest single owner of Cambria stock, | Crumley returned tu Atianta and told
had Teported back to Hungary, a8 he'a company for whieh Repogle once her family that hee had been saved
" » nhs ;
was ordered to lworked at a salary of $5a week. De ieee ap whe alt eat her. Sin
| meme awe Py levine Hens.
Assuciated with Mr. Hepogle ti thes jee said that . i
i 3 ‘ound. | : . SAIC wt he was a widower
Dr, Gertenr Net F ne present transaction were BB. Dawson one child and made his home int \ ede
At the Austrian Consulate it was sail | Coleman and J. Ho Weaver of this elty.! Canada 1 suche
lthat Dr. Goricar was living in New York and bk. V. Babecock and Frank J. Lana- Soon afterward letters postroar }
jcity, but it was not known where. The) jan of Pittsburg, The Repagle-Habeock | Quebec Hoth ueRVe fa tan i hm
lsearch to discover him in the city Was! group controls 26 per cent, of the total ley, along with boxes of candy a d ake
| hot successful yesterday, outstanding securities ers, She said that they were from “tne
j Count von Bernstorff said that the.e The rise of Mr. HRepogle toe a lead- | doctor’ and one day an: yuUnce a it
| latest charges will be ignored by the ing position in the steel trade at the they were engaged : Ame
Germany embassy, adding that if he an-) age of 38 has been accomplished pri- About a year later Miss Crumley
| swered all the charges made against |imarily by his own hard work. Born in| sald the doetor hagl written her he ae
| lvim he wouldn't have time for anythin’ | Johnstown, Pa, he entered the employ | very ill in’ Baltimore and could nos
| else. j of the old Cambria company at the age } Marry her. She went to join him, ¢ m4
| There were rumors in the Federal) of 11 ax a water boy. He advanced | then wrote her family that she jot
| Building that the lawyers for Lieut.| from one position to another, finally found him well and happy, and that he
Robert Fay and the other conspt:-|/ becoming vice-president, a post from | had pretended to be sick because he
ators who have been Indicted have] which he resigned in March last ; did not want to marry her Boon ave
planned an attack on the validity of the In the recent past Charles M. Schwab! returned to Atlanta. jae she
Steel made apparently heart-

indicted, arguing that plotting against
ships of the Allies outside the three mile
limit does not come within the United

{ States law.

{
| statutes under which their clients were

Gondos Brothers Held,

Nothing came of the arraignment in
lthe Tombs police court of the Gondus
{brothers that would connect them
thelr information with the = al-
| leged conspiracy of the indicted men.
| Alexander Gondos, editor, and = his
brother Victor, publisher of a Hungarian
| newspaper in Bridgeport, Conn, were
| held in $10,000 bail each to await the
| action of the Grand Jury on a charge
|

or

of attempted extortion, They waived
examination after testimony had been
given by the complainant, Julius Pirnit-
yer, president of the Transatlantic Trust
Company of 67 William street, who sald
that the brothers agreed to suppress
statements harmful to the bank if they
| were paid $2,000, He declared that he
| gave them a check for this amount.
The defence tried to show that what-
lever payment was passed to the broth-
ers was in return for their work in
floating Austro-Hungarian Government
bonds as agents of the trust company,
i ‘The document which was to have been
used by the Gondos brothers, as alleged,
was read into the court record and It
| contafned the statements that the money
foy the Pay bomb plot was sent from
| Germany through the Transatlantic
Trust Company, that the bank is a me-
| dium for the foretgn spy gervice and
\ that it commits offences against United
| Ste seutrality.
| is Pirnitzer categorically denied au
| e

of the accusations made against

trust compaly.

Mbert Verdayk, who is suspected of
knowledge of the plot to plant bombs on
ocean Hners, was held in Jersey City yes-
terday for thirty days to awalt extradl-
tlon to New York, He will face a charge
here of stealing sugar from vessels lying
}at the piers in the Hudson.

Word came from Philadelphia last
night that State Fire Marshal J. LL.
Baldwin had detailed inspectors to make
investigations into fires which have oc-

| curred this week in Pennsylvania plants
engaged in making munitions of war.
He received reports yesterday on every
fire of a suspicious nature and he des-
patched an inspector for Bethlehem.
To-day he will send another to Eddy-
stone, where the Haldwin Locomotive
Company's munition plant Is located,
{In addition he has certified to the At-
torney-General the names of owners of
bulldings in several counties which are
considered fire hazards and which the
een

Continued on Second Page,

of the Bethlehem Company
persistent efforts to secure contro) tn
the Cainbria company, hoping to con-
solidate it with his other large prop-
erties. In the thick of the fight be
tween Schwab and William H. Donner,
president of the Cambria company, who
also wanted a major interest, Hepogle
entered the bidding, and the announce-
ment of the $15,000,000 transaction to-
day marks his victory. He personally
Knows every detail of the Cambria's
operation, its plant and
and will most likely occupy a high po-

sition {n the new company. ;
The capitalization of the Cambria
company was originally authorized at

$50,000,000, but only $45,000,000 of this
amount was issued, the shares having
a par value of $50. Of this stock the
Pennsylvania Railroad until recently
owned 450,520 shares, which gave the
road a majority, The Cambria‘'s prest-
dent, Donner, brought 112,520 shares of
that number, and it was then that the

former water boy. The Fricks were the
supporters of Donner, and the price of
the shares which Repogle has now se-
cured mounted steadily upward,

The production of the Cambria com-
pany last month broke all records, tota)-
ling 122,069 tons of finished product.

POWDER MILL BLOWN UP.

One of the Da Pont Factortes in
Delaware Wrecked,

WILMINGTON, Del., Nov.
report that could be heard for twenty
miles a mill of the Du Pont Powder
Company at Hagley, above this city, con-
talning 300 tons of powder, blew up to-
night. The mill was wrecked. Nobody

 

 

 

the mill. The cause is not known,
ficlals began an investigation,

DR. DUMBA FORMALLY RETIRED

Recalled Ambassador to U, S, Sure
renders His Charge.

StockHoLM, via London, Noy. 12,-—
The Politiken learns from Vienna’ that
Dr, Constantin T, Dumba, recalled Aus-
tro-Hungarian Ambassador to the
United States, has been formally re-
Heved of his official functions,

Of-

Sn eee acca eee ces seeececceceeeeeneeeace eee ee ence ee eee

A recent despatch from German
sources stated that Dr, Dumba_ was
shortly to go on @ mission to Bucha-
rest, conveying an autograph letter from
Emperor ncis Joseph to King Fer-
dinang gt Rumania,

.

———————————

possibilities |

contest started between himself and his.

2.—-With a;

was injured, as no one was in or near)

broken
A short time later more letters came

;from Canada. She spoke of «4 recon.
elilation, the wedding date was fixed for
November 17, and was so announes
the Atlanta papers. Miss Crumley
lected her bridesmaids and hey flower
girls, She was given teas, parties and
| showers, and last week started for New
| York to complete her trousseau

; She then wired her family
jthat “Dr. Alleyne’ had been
ee wreck in the West and that
going to Chicago for his hous
Hl On Wednesday Miss Crumley arrived

ed in

Se.

 

suddenly
killed tn
she was

jin this eclty with a casket, and the fu-
;neral was set for Thursday afternoon
Wednesday night, surrounded by her

family, the girl was questioned by Dr,

| Bates Block, a nerve specialist She
broke down and confessed that “br, Al
leyne Hensley" had lived only in he
imagination; that thelr courtship was

fietitious ; that she had written the let-
ters herself; had ordered the candy and
flowers sent to herself and had then
purchased a body at the public morgue
in Chicago to substantiate her story

FRANCE WANTS NEW LOAN.

‘Ribot Aska Chamber to

{ 6 Per Cent. Iasue,

' epecial Cable Despatch to Tut Sin

| Paris, Nov, 12. Alexandre  hibot, |
Minister of Finance, introduced a bill

thorizing a 5 per cent. loan

The new rentes, like the old, will be
exempt from taxation, the State resery-
ing the rights of conversion and redemyp
tion after fifteen years, The exemption
from taxation applies to the

whole fortunes or incomes, The

\ of the loan to be issued is left undecided
‘One-third of the subseriptions to the!
jnew loan may be paid by turning in

| bonds of the old 3 per cent
' will be accepted at a price to be fixed

| later by decree,

| FUSE FOUND

Supposed Link With Recent Blase
| Discovered tn Rio Lawes Cargo,

| Hauirax, Noy. 12.-—-Stevedores found
|} among bags of sugar which they were

| removing from the steamship Rio Lapes |
last night what Is supposed to be a piece |

of time fuse,

The Rio Lages atrived here on Novem- |

ber 5 with her cargo of sugar on fire,
much of it being destroyed. She was
bound for New York from Queenstown,

Authoriae |

‘tn the Chamber of Deputies to-day au-|

principal |
as well as the interest, but not to taxes on |
Hineunt |

rentes, which |

AFTER SHIP FIRE,

 

(
BASIS OF COMPLAINT

 

of office and

hegleet of duty on the part of Chairman

Charges misconduel in

|

{

|

Mdward BK. MeCall of the Public Service |

 

 

 

  
 

 

  

  
 
 

 

 

) the

cial statement

 

 

 

 

 

%

‘THE WEATHER FORECAST.
Showers, followed by fair an ler to-
day; to-morrow fair; nort inds.
Highest temperature yest

‘ Detailed weather, mall and

 

Churchill Out of Cabinet;

Quits Post

> |
Resigns as Counsellor of;
Duchy of Lancaster,
His Latest Office.

DARDANELLES ERROR
CALLED HIS FAULT

 

 

|

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tax Sux }
LONDON, Nov. 12.—Winston Spencer |
Churchill, former First Lord of the Ad-
inimalty and more recently Chancellor of |
the Duchy of Lancaster, has resigned,
from the Cabinet, according to an offi-
made to-night. |
It is announced that he will go to the}

front

is the text of Mr, Chureh-
of resignation,
Premier:

“When T deft the Admiralty,
months ago. | accepted an office of tew
duties sour to tuke part in

work of the War Counell and
the new Ministers with the knowledge
of current operations, which IT then pos-
sessed special degree, The coun-
sels which | offered upon record
in the minutes of the Committee of Im-,
perfal Defence and in memoranda 1
circulated to the Cabinet, and I draw
your attention at the present time to
ihese

“T am
decision
Tappre
to me

Following

Nis letter nddressed to

the

five

ut request

ASSi st

mh a

ure

cordial agreement with
form a small war council!
ted the intention you expressed
{ weeks ago to include me
unong its members | foresaw then
e personal diffleulttes which you would

in

to

   

ave to face in its composition
1 make no complaint that eur
scheme should have been changed My
work in the Clovernment comes naturally

 

 

 

 

the;

to a close Knowing what J do about)
the present situation and being an ine
| strument in the executive power T could

not accept a position of general respon-
sibility in a war polley without an ef-
fective share fu its guidance and control

); Nor do I able in times Iike these

to remain in well patd inactivity.

Commission were sent to Gov, Whitman,
last night by the Thompson legislative |
committee, Upon these charges the eom-
mittee asks the Cioverner to remove
Judge MecCall from office

A determination to take sueh action
Was reached by the conmiuttee yesterday
after a discusfion of the testimony that
has been offered during the last week
respecting Judge MecCall's ownership of
certain shares of stock in one of the
utility corporations over which the Pub-
He Servi Commission has supervision |
and the attitude which Judge Metall
disclosed toward certain corporations
which applied to the Public Service Com-
tiission for privileges alleged to be in-
imieal to the interests of New York civy
and the people of the State

This determination was reached with-
vut le r hindrance from the political
friemds and party associates of Judge
Mieettall ‘Two of Democratic tem.
ber uote wmhitnitte declined to vore
on e i one ind 4 third Voted W "h
the R bt th majority

No Plen for Delas.

a ‘ ould be learned ow one
WVtlowe ea for delay or @ s ening of

e charges might have had weight with
the lege itive mmittee uppeared to
speak belali of the accused chairman
Members of the cor ttee who would
les sugmestic they maighet
have been swayed in ju'sment at
the lust moment mmimente lon the tact |
that Judge MeCall had apparently been

ed by bis political friends
‘all himself accepted the charges

   

demand for his removal with his
Having refused to
resign when Senator Thompson informed

atid Ue

aecustuomed defiance

 

   
  

 

 

      

 

 

   

  

 

 

 

 

   

 

|
to the King
rovself unreservedly at the disposal of
the military authorities, observing that
iny reghnent is at the front.

“LT have a clear conscience, which en-

ask you to submit my resignation

 

ables me to bear iny responsibility for

|
|
{
i
|
Tam an officer and I met
'
'

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

a

   
  

SERBIA’SMAIN-

Go to War| ARMY INDEATH
| GRIP WITH FOE

Makes Stand in Mountain
Region South of Kraljevo,
West of Nish.

RANGE OF HILLS IS
CROSSED BY TEUTONS

King Peter's
Forces Are Now in

|
Milan Hears
“Grave Peril.”

| peas,
ITALY DECIDES ON
ACTION IN BALKANS

“Number of Men to Be Sent
Will Be Made Known

Soon.

 

spemal Cable Deapates to Cun s

Copyrigt American Pres ia lAeNDON, Nov. 12.-—The life or ceati

: : battle of the jualin Secbian army with
Winston Churchill. ve ied. ;
the Teutonic invader wioin prog.
yy troups, to foree @ Passage through] ress,
the Dardate te His deel io popular a y :
favor dated from the tin was clearly The beliet " ltthid a & Neen
to be seen that this first attack on thie) Seward the Moiienegrin frontier Was eN-
siraites Was a costiv failure tle S80) Hloded tosnighi oy the cecespt of an off.
Was charge with thie Spromsibetlit for li 4 cated ; :
the sending of ua sufficient foree of i Serbian War Ottiee report whieh
marines too late to rete? of Ant-| shows that the chief deferding force of
werp. the little Kingdom i nh touch with the
j .

Mr. Churchill had lee t Memver of | Teutous jn central Serbia, with ftle-ve
the Liberal Cabinet-—recentivy become a) |
coalition Cabinet--since 1908, when he, fighting in progres td wust of
Was nhiaine President of the Board of | Kraljeve
Trade After two years in thet office | The Serbian statement deals with the
he became Home Secretary for a year) o. 3 }
and then was appointed First Lord of | Situation as it stuod on November 10
the Admiralty Thies port lo he held | Sincé@ then, according to the official Ger-
until the reorgantzatior e Cabinet! man statement issued to-day, the Peutons
on May 25, when he Was practically

shelved by being shifted to the honorary

     

  

    

  

   

 

  

 

 

 

past events with composure. Time will re  sivgenng ages ig oe is red peg hie
_ vindicate my administration of the Ad- an Ave {EST eALit.d foriae Clotmerve >
;mirajty and assign to me my due share! iy.” | iat Pe eer Parsi
in the vast series of preparations and | The retirernent of Mr. Chuved fron
operations wheh secured us command | ihe Cabinet ®ad pot been unexpected
lof tire seas Before the organization of wie coalition
“With much respect and unaltered | Cabinet the attack ou the Liberal Min-
personal friendship, I bid you guood-by.” j istry centred on him, the Morning Post
Premier Asquith replied as followg: feven calling him “a danger and auxiety
“rT had hoped you would reconsider) to the nation Since thee gation
your decision and regret to learn from | of the Ministry he had lee little ir
your letter that you have not felt able | eviden mid S were curvent at
vo do s0 You have rendered services | various times that he had asked to be
wth in the Council and the Administra- | sent to the front
tion which no one is better able to | As wgivnst hese Mr
)appreclate than myself with regard to | Churehit! and Prince Li itten-
the conduct and direction of the war, | berg, then First Sea Lord, divided the
and | am = sineerely grieved that you | credit for having the great bulk of the
should think it your duty to leave the | firet line ships i jome Waters for re-
Cubinet. j view whe the war begu thus making
‘TL am certain you will continue to | impossible any attempt of the German
take an active and effective part in the! fleet to dash out and deal with the su-
prosecution of the war. On personal | perior Hritish navy piecemeal
grounds [ feel acutely the severance of Mr. Churehill will be 41 years old on
our Jong association.” | November 30 He is the eldest son ¢
- ‘the late Lord Randolph Churehill and a
Mr. Churchill was held responsible] grandson of the seventh Duke of Marl-
bs the British public for the disastrous | borough His mother was formerly Jen
attempt by the British fleet, unsupported j nie Jerome of New York

him that the charges were to be made,
Judge MeCall declined to inake any com-
nent on the rh his affairs had taker
When pressed by lus friends to say
something for publication he grudgingly
tnade the following statement
“ft shall not make any statement, 1
shall maintain a dignified course
throughout lf it becomes necessary, in
place, before the p rau
~ t wile ‘ all that J to be
Se ! pson, airman of the
” 1 ” uid Deputy <At
ene Lewis, counsel
' mittee, worked until a late
' ~ eht erfecting the docu- |
1 ‘ sill ‘ la vfore the
iove
Charges Asgatust Mecull,
The charges against Mr. MeCall were
“a> “

The Joint Comn ee of the Senat
and Assembly iappe ed to Kate
t Huu Service Cominiss s of the
State of New York ct s ward
McCall, a Public Se ice Co Nisslone

f the State of New York, First Dis-
t t, With mifseonduect tn aifice tn that

t on tae das of his appointmen.

+ the olflee of blic Service Commis-
sioner, First District, State of New
York, namely, the fifth day of Febru-
wry, 1913, the said Mdward Bk. Metall
Was the owner of capital stock in a
publi servicers 4 ration or 4
service corporations subject to the
supervision of suid Publie Service

Commission of the State of New York,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

First District. and Knowingly and wil-
fully and in vielation of the statute f:
such case made and provided, failed,
Degleeted and omitted to divest: him-
me of such ownership and has ever
since continued to be and still is the
owner of such capital stock

Second, While the owner of stock
in a corperation or corporations sub-
ject to the supervision of the Public
Service Commission of the State of
New York, First district, of which he
Was aomember, he knowingly and wil-
fully and in violation of the statute
tp such case made and provided, aided
ane betted, by the exercise of his
power and intlience ‘s a Public Ser-
View Cominisstoner, in procuring the
approval by the Public Service Com-
mise of the State of New York,
First district, of which he was a
member, of an application made by
he Mdison Electric Dluminating Com-
pany of Brooklyn for leave to pur
chase 122 shares of the capital stock
of the Amsterdan  Mlectric Light,
Heat and Hower Company, to. the
finareial benefit of @ corporation sub-
ject to the supervision of said) com-
mission in whieh corporation so bene-
fited the said Hdward E. MeCall had

“ finanelal interest as an owner of
: ;
capital stock, as aforesaid,

melll Attended Sessions,”

Third: In that while the owner of
stovks im oa corporation or corpora.
| tions subject to the supervision of the
Public Service Commission of the State
of New York, First District, of which
lhe was a member, the said) Madward
f Metall knowtnely and wilfully, dn
violation of the statute in sueh case
made and provided, participated in pro-
ecedings had before such commission,
npon complaints of excessive and dis-
criminatory charges for electric cur-
rent supplied by the Mdison Mleetrie
IHuminating Company of Brooklyn, in
which said company the said Mdward
I. MeCall had at the time a tinunelal
interest by reason of his ownership of
capllal stock as aforesaid
Fourth: While the owner of capital
stocks in # corporation or corporations
subject to the supervision of the Pub-
fe Serviee Commission of the State
of New York, First Distriet, of which
he was at that time a member, the
sald Mdward bk. MeCall knowingly and
wilfully, in violation of the statutes
in such case tnade and provided, per-
formed and still continues to perform
| the duties and exercises the preroga-
tives of a Publie Service Commis-
sioner, and
\ The sald
| Senate and

Joint committee of the
Assembly appointed to
investigate the Mublie Service Com-
missions of the State of New York
charges Hdward ti. MeCall with NkEqd-
LECT OF DUTY AS A PUBLIC Shh.
Vick COMMISSIONER, In that:

| Wirst-The sald Hdward i, Metall,

———

Continued on Fourth Page,

 

 

‘ting

|

|

$33,000,000 POST LEFT ‘JAPAN WORRIED BY
SITUATION IN INDIA

WILL GO TO DAUGHTER

 

Fortune Founded on 8750 of| Tokio
|

Child's Money—Second Wife
Loses Inheritance.

!

 

SATTLE Creek, Mich., Nov. 12.--—sStar-
complications involving the Post

estate of $33,000,000 came out of legal

| circles to-day when it became known

that the entire fortune of C. W. Post
‘would go to his daughter, Marjorie
Close, regardless of his carefully pre-
pared plans

In a suit against the Post estate
started by the State of Michigan, to
establish the legal residence of C. W.
Post and collect inheritance tax there
developed an ineldent in the affairs of

|

Post that positively makes his only child
and heiress, now Mrs, Edward Close of
Greenwich, Conn., owner of the cereal
concern and her father's entire fortune

Several yeara ago Post went through
the bankruptey court and in the test!-
mony given at the time Post stated that
the cereal company was founded and
bullt up out of a small fund of $750,
whieh had been saved up by the original
Mrs. Post and placed to the credit of
their daughter, Marjorie. As part of the
same testimony it is a matter of record
that Mr. Post stated that the company
was the property of Marjorie and that
he wae her agent. This has never been

corrected according to the record and
Mra. Close will become the sole owner
of the Postum company,

An attempt has been made to

straighten out the legal tangle, but it is!

understood that Mra, Close will ask for
all moneys coming to her and aside from
aosmall share which was given outright
to the present Mrs, Post during the life
of the deceased she will be denied the
immense fortune which she was sup-
posed to have inhertted. The present
Mrs, Post ie a second wife and is a
young woman,

HAGUE CONGRESS MUST WAIT.

Won't Attend—Holland
and U.S,., Outnumbered, Favor idea,
Spectal Cable Despatch to Th SUN

Panis, Nov, 12
ent of the Temps says that an associa-

French

tion with headquarters at The Hague
had intended to hold an international
congress at Bern in December, All the

Powers were invited to send representa-
tives, The French representatives hay-
ing refused to participate, the Swiss or-

Kunizing committee has adjourned the
congress indefinitely,

The only support received was from ,
Holland and the United States, where
ex-President Taft, President Lowell of
Harvard, W. 1, Hull and John Barrett

approved of the plan and promised to be
represented, Some prominent United
Socialists of Italy also adhered to the
scheme,

The Bern correspond. |

 

Despatch Apparently
Bears Out) Rumors
of Revolt.

 

  

    

Special Cable Despatch to Tan s1

LONDON, Nov 13 The Daily Mail's
Tokio correspondent, telegraphing under
Thursday's date, says

"A Cabinet council will be eld at!
Kiote to-morrow to onsider Japan's
attitude regarding Chit

“The situation in India is arousing tn-
terest e. No official news ig obtuin-
able The Government is not disposed
tu tuke a serigus view of the situation,
although Japan's nilitary eobligati
under ihe Anglo-Japanese alliance are

recognized,”

  

A report Was ren Washington
on Tuesday last tt there was « sertous
revolt in Hyderabad and that) Lord
Kitchener was on his way to India te
take charge of the situation. The Brit

ish Government characterized this report

 

   

as “baseless, emanating from Germans

The above despateh seem onitivin
the report that the trouble ‘os
of a serious nature

BRITISH FORCES HEMMED IN?

 

  

German Mohar nu Brings the
News From (Arabian,

i N, Vie Ameterdam, Nov 13.--

A report that) the Arabs are furious

against the Mritisl for having appointed
4 Sultan of Meyypt, whieh tithe they say
is veserved for the Calipuo of Constaun-
tinople, Was brought to Constantinople
by Karl Neufeld, who had been a pris-
oner of the Mahdi during Kitchener's
operations in toe Sudan, the Overseas
News Agetey announced to day

Neufeld came from the holy erty of
Medina, in Arabia He is a Moham-
medan and was allowed to stay in
Medina, Where he remained six weeks
He in quoted as saying:

“The English garrisons in Aden and in
Berbera were hemmed in by Arabs on
the land side when LT started for Con

! stantinople

10 FRENCH TAKE 48 TURKS.

Small War Vessel Traps Schooner

OW Crete,

Panis, Noy, 12. ‘The
elal statement was issued
try of Marine to-night

"A small French war
“a crew of only ten, surprised off
a schooner carrying «@@us and mun.
tlons and forty-eight Turks, among
whom were eleven officers, and captured
all the men and material.”

following offi.
by the Minis
Vessel, aving
Crete

have crossed the first mounta ridge

south of the Kraljevo-Trstenik line and

fare foreing the Serbias serut

WMestwar

' Further evidetnce of the

  

 

 

 

 

    

; ot the ‘ hia
|} ness of their forced retreat
|
jhe Berlin statement, wht re is thie
presence of Serbians—evidently t rear
| guard of the main force the Musina
| Valley, soutiiwe iKriuseva ir
froin the Grient railway 1
Decisive BH
It ig clear fr ithe lutest off vin
municatio fr ov Ie at te
le ' ,
) Serblans, despite the Streine er ft
j their position, are ma wou ter
} similar to that of the Mreneh at
j the retreat fron M at we
tof Wa Chie 4 ial & a stand
Wherever thes are in tou with the in
Vaders and yield only when swept aways
by sheer welght of numbers
The official Serolan statement received
‘here to-day follows
| The Serd ‘ ipyte Reed
j defensive ¢ t i and eust of
| Kraljevo and + of Ivanjica, as wel
| as On both banks « the sou
|

 

fava, Where heavy felting aces
November ly

ng continue st of
4 River, and

     

 

  
 

 

 

 

 

   

  

 

| varie along the
Binacka ‘«southernd Morava-hKacantt
line
The Tv Heporta,
{ The Germaa offielal stateme -
t lows
| Pursuit f the Serbiar s eing
continued South © the Kraljevo-
Tratenik line the first mounta ridge
{ has been crossed
In tt KRaasina Val southwest of
| Krusevac, our troops have advanced
| further, Further east Ribari and R
arske-Banya wer reached yesterda)
More than 1,700 prinoners were tuken
and eleven guns Were captured

Following is t ‘ atemies s-

sued toeday by the Austrian War Offices
| Bastward of Trebinje ti Mont
| grins have bee repulsed with hea
losses

Nd van g southward of t itse We
vrived halfway to Novavarosh und

thre n fron ms a
rielpe

ie von Koevess repulsed the s
bians in the Stolvel dis and to the
east foreed the Krnuja Jela and Po
led slopes

At Trstenik we cantured a thousand
Serblans, They abandoned a thousand
wounded at Grnjacku Banja

Gen vor Gallwitz’s troops re
fighting northeast oo Brus, north ¢
the Jastrebatz Mofntains We have
erossed the Morava tear Aleksainae
The Bulgarian ofMleial statement fol

) lows;

Our troops continue the pursuit of
the cefeated Serbian army on the left
bank of the Morava River Fresh
hvoty is being discovered ciaily, in eone-

| quered towns Along the ratlway in
{ the Morava Valley We captured to-day
four quick firing howltzers, eight
quick firing fleld guns with full am-
munition car several machine guns
with teins, nine new searchiights and
| S00) prisoners

South of HBolovar ear the railway

; Statlo it Girdelficea “aptured te)
1 engines and foo rullway Wiyeor

among Which Were frty vided wit,
{ matert

A Milan despatel: quotes the eorr
spondent of TL secolo at the front as
saying that there is “Brave reason to
fear’ the main Serbian army has beep
eut off 1 veen Kralifevo and Nish,
This « patel Was admittedly based
upon the absence of news from the Ser-
bilan army for the last five days, The
Serbian Offlelal report tends to dispel

this idea
' BERLIN. EXPECTANT,

i
| Newapapera’ Say Deciatve Victory
| dn Balkana In Near,

 

| Spe@la! Cable Despatch to Tan Sus,
Tagwnos, Nov ie The Draily Tele.

graph's Rotterdam correspondent sayy

| "It is reported that there is) exeite.

ment in Berlin aus a consequence of re

ports in the newspapers that a great

 

ee NE

ewer a ce

7 ee
ln a allt

a

ae

t
4

 

an