ate a
——

YORK,

“VoL. LXXIX.—NO. 280, ;

THURSD

U.S. TAKES HAND AS.

NG MEN OUT .wraarast

ee oe

ROCKEFELLER CO, SELLS. |

Realty Deal May Affect the Fifth
Avenae Baptiat Charch,

7, 9 and 11 West Forty-fifth street to a)
newly formed corporation known as the |
Vorty-fitth Street Realty Company for a
price said to be $250,000 cash. The land
Is back of the Fifth Avenue Baptist
Church and adjoins the northwest cor-
her of [ifth avenue. Nichols & Hobbie,
the brokers in the transaction, sald
that the plot is likely to be improved
with a twenty story office building.
The property, which ts now covered ‘ :
by three three story dwellings, has a | Outrages and Depredations mm
ae tie of 45 feet and a depth of 100.5, | American Property
No. 11 was used for a number of vears q
by John D. Rockefeller, Jr, as a meet- Inerease.
ing place for his Bible class. All three
buildings have recently been used as |
rooming houses. The selling company |
j bought the property several years ago
| to protect the light and air of the Fifth
Avenue Baptist Church. The city ag-
sesses the property for purposes of tax-
ation at $171,000,

 

 

Zeligs and Siroecos in Death
Cirip Over Blackmail
Monopoly.

Island and Troops Enter
Territory.

\NEGROES ATTACK WOMEN

 

 

POLICE OUT IN) FORCE

Hospitals. Not Cells, Cure
for Gang Feuds, Say
Baffled Cops.

 

Wasntvcton, June 6.—With the sending
of 450 United States marines into Cuban
| territory early to-day followed by the
order for four battleships of the Atlantic
| fleet, carrying 1,000 marines, to proceed
at once to Guantanamo, the Cuban situ-

The brokers didn't know whether the | ation has advanced one atep further
| sale of the property had something to | toward a third American intervention
|do with the possible extension af the | . ied
| Fifth Avenue Baptist Church, It may | These latest moves were accompani

be that it has been acquired in connec: by and in response to most alarming re-
1 Big Jack Zelig amused himself tion with the improvement of the north- | ports of conditions in Cuba, All informa-
‘ west corner of Fifth avenue and Forty. | ¢j . years out

suntnen in a Coney Island drum Sere « id orty- (tion from numerous sources bea
: fifth street. This property is now under fears of the progress of the negro up-

lust Sunday night by slashing a cross | jease to James P. Silo ree

saclighi rising. Depredations on American prop-
erty by the negro rebels are increasing

nark on the cheek of a squealer, while

“anda.the blonde, looked on and laughed, |
and Americans in Cuba are demanding

that the United States afford that pro-

opened the feud between his gang —
ld Rid Twist crowd of thieves and |Poltce Eject Opposition and Many

: tection to American interests which the
| Cuban Government has failed to provide

MIGIN OF THE OUTBREAK

 

/vlig’s Mark on a Squealer at
‘oney Island—Move Shots
and Some Arrests.

 

1 in

FIGHT IN HUNGARIAN CHAMBER.

Depaties Are Injured.
special Cable Despatch to Tar Sv
BuDaprEst, June 5.—The city is still
‘occupied by troops, and it is probably
due to this fact that there has been no
further rioting. The Socialist news-
papers warn the workers not to deon-

and the Jack Sirocco band.
Aud the series of raids and fights, in
uch Big Jack was the first to go under,
ids continued for two days in darkness
ind daylight, under the noses of the
see, producing a record for New York

i kmailers--

intervention in any form despite the
Vigorous measures just taken. The 450
| Marines now on Cuban soil in the Guan-
tanamo district, under command of Col.

ae -- -- _________o—

AY, JUNE 6,

| LANDING PLEASES GOMEZ.

TO NOTCH GUNS csteckeeeetnces CUBAN REVOLT GROWS,

| Four Warships Are Rushed to,

The Administration is still opposed to!

President Saya American Action
Gives Him More Troops.

Special Cable Despatch to Tan Sus
June 6.—-President Gomez

said to Tie Sun correspondent late to-
| night:

“The United States Government to-
| day ordered the landing of a certain
number of its troops for the purpose of
protecting the lives and property of
Americans in a part of Cuban territory
‘which is perturbed by insurgents. My
Government would have wished itself to
have fulfilled that mission and would
| have adopted the measures needed.
“Nevertheless the purpose and scope
of the landing of the American forces

having been definitely fixed, and it hav- |

ing been made plain that Intervention
in Cuba is not intended, it remains for
| me now only to congratulate myself, be-
| cause such action will enable me to dia-
| pose of a larger number of troops to
pursue the insurgents.
“IT propose to end this revolt in the
least possible time. To that end I will
invade with small details of troops the
| whole territory of the eastern province
wherein the rebels have henceforth been
, concentrated. It will not be easy for
them to evade the loyalist troops and I
| will end the brigandage to which they
have taken recourse as Well as the mur-
dering of defenceless people and the
stealing of everything they could find.”

STUCK IN CAR DOOR.

| Man Has Thrilling Ride on Sabway
Express Half In, Half Oat.

| As a northbound Lenox avenue sub-

 

1912.—copyriont, 1912, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

 

 

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE FAILS: canes ons a= Fo,

TO SAVE SENATOR NIXON

| {

| His Wife Dismissed Surgeons |

When They Said Her Hus-
band Would Die.

 

 

HEALERS IN FULL CHARGE!

Two Other Senators Called,
Them In at the Wired Re- |
quest of Mrs. Nixon.

WASHINGTON, June  5,—George
Nixon, United States Senator from Ne- |
vada, died to-night at the Episcopal |
Eye, Ear and Throat Hospital of men- ,
ingitis, induced by blood polsoning, fol-
lowing an operation for a nasal abcess.

Christian Science was invoked to-day |

by his family in an effort to save his
life after the attending surgeon had ex-
pressed the opinion that he could not
recover,

Mrs. Nixon left San Francisco yes-
terday morning on the Overland Lim-
ited by the Union Pacific and Southern
Pacific for Washington. At Reno she
was joined by her son. They cannot

possibly reach Washington before Fri- |

day night. Meanwhile efforts were
made to prolong the Senator's life until
thelr grrival.

Mrs. Nixon wired to Washington to-
day directing the authorities at the hos-
pital to excuse the attending surgeons
and commit her husband to Christian

 

aa ee.

: Detailed weather

 

es 8s

 

W. E. CARTER HURT AT POLO.

 

—Probably Will Die.

PHILADELPHIA, June 5.—Willam = Eb.
Carter, one of the Titanic survivors who
escaped In the same boat with J. Bruce
Ismay, was Injured to-day, probably fa-
tally, at Bryn Mawr in a polo game.

Carter had been playing a brilliant
game. He endeavored to make a sharp
turn to ride off I. Lowber Stokes, when
his pony fell. Carter went to the ground,

his head bent forward and the pony
rolled over him.
For twenty minutes he lay on the;

fleld with three physicians working over
him. They were unable to bring him
back to consclousness, and he was hur-
tied to the Bryn Mawr Hospital, where
he js still unconsclous. Dr. Gamble, who
is in charge, declares he is suffering

Ss. | from internal injuries and probable con- |

cursicn of the brain,

Takes Phi Beta Kappa Golden Key,

at Goucher College.

by{every professor save one that she could
| not win a degree; to tuke the regyilar col-
| lege course, including gymnasium work;
to have stood always among the first in

| her class, and finally to have captured a—

| golden Phi Beta Kappa key, the symbol
| of scholarly work. is the record of Miss
|Mary Melvin, who received her degree
| from Goucher College this afternoon.

| Miss Melvin has been blind since she
|

| Was six years old.

Miss Melvin has plana. “One whole
year I shall have to myself,” she said.
“just reading and doing what I please.
Then I shal! do graduate work in eco-
nomics and sociology, probably at Hop-
‘kins. Then,” she admitted shyly, “I am
| going to try to write.”

Miss Melvin is an advocate of votes for

‘ THE WEATHER FORECAST.

fair to-day; probably showers to-morrow)
light variable winds.

BALTIMORE, June 5.—To have been told |

ty like that of a Montana mining camp
the old days or a Kentucky mountain
wn
The gang clashes and taxicab forays,
uch came within an ace of translating

k Tricker from his world of magazine | whistles.

vis and easy marks, and which have
vrried the Police Department more than
hing else since Judge Rosalsky
da bomb in his mail, resulted yes-

jay morning in two pistol battles.
4s collided at Second avenue and
vi) street, where two men were
unded. A delegation in a cruising
vical) took a potshot at Dick Curley, a
anager of prizefighters. And the air
as full of rumors of more trouble to
ang men, with their feet on the brass
sof the dark little ginmills in China-
and Chatham Square, read aloud

mmense enjoyment the newspaper |

- ciex of the exploits of their leaders
ispered that the battling won't end
Zeiig and his lheutenanta and Si-
and tis leaders have been shot

 

Leo
dead
The seriousness of the situation was
Pparent evening
feputy Police Commissioner Dougherty.
ter epending the day in questioning
uniny Relly, Jacek Sirocco, Chick Tricker
ind sang leaders who have suc-
veded graft and notoriety of
Monk Pastman and Paul Kelly, announced
nat he had detailed fifty detectives to
over the distriets where the gangs have
een pistolling eachother and non-come
aeants

last

ther

the
ne

SUSPEND GENERAL ORDER NO. 7
Policemen who talked about the gun-

ants of the last two days have just one
ion ofhowthe fighting can be stopped,
hey said, sunply

“ndthese tough birds to the hospital, ,

a cell, If Waldo will suspend
enera) Order No. 7 fora day or two the

“il give the Zeligs and the Siroccos

when Second.

strate until the signal is given.

There was pandemoniuin in the Cham-
ber again to-day. When Count Tisza,
the newly elected president, appeared

his entrance was greeted by a chorus of | Marines, who will be in Guantanamo | squeezed into one of the cars as the door
| Screeches from fog horns, trumpets and| Within the next twenty-four hours, tor | was closing

He was called all sorts of epi-
;thets. The police were called in and
| thirty-four members were ejected, many
of whom showed fight.

It is stated that a policeman held a
revolver at the head of M. Justh, the

| former president of the Chamber, to
keep him quiet.

The police tried to prevent noisy mem-
bers of the Opposition from entering the
Chamber in the afternoon and there was |
a general fight in the Chamber, during |
which many deputies were injured. The |

members of the Opposition succeeded | on board besides about a thousand marines | @longside of the track,

in getting in, but were soon violently |
ejected. This caused another hubbub. |
After the Opposition had been expelled |
several bills were passed. The Govern-
ment proposes to have a big force of
police at the Chamber to-morrow and
| prevent disturbers from entering at all |
costs.

HIGH SCHOOL BOY'S PLIGHT.

In Jail for Pilfering, Begs Vather to
Make Restitation for Him.

Hymen Willig, 16 veara old, of 118
Belmont avenue, who was arrested on
Monday on a charge of stealing an old
penny from one of his classmates in the
Boy's High School in Brooklyn and a
fountain pen from another and was com-

| mitted to jail to await examination, was
jiberated yesterday by Magistrate Naumer.

The boy got tired of his sojourn in jail
and sent this letter to his father, Max

Willig: |
Dean Para Jamin the Raymond street
jail on two charges One is about an

old penny that I gave you last Driday which
was a boy's, and he only loaned it to me
!told him I would give it back to him on
Monday, but Iforgot it The second charge

Lucas, are to be used at present only as
guards for American sugar estates and
other American properties. There is
no intention of using the 1,000 additional

any other purpose

Reports that the American forces are to
take part in the pursuit of and attack upon
the negroes are false ‘This work is to be
left to the Cuban soldiery

Admiral Osterhaus, commander in
chief of the Atlantic fleet and personally
in command of the first squadron of
nine warships at Key West. wired to the
Navy Department that he would send to
Guantanamo the four ships of the fourth
division. These are the Minnesota, Mis-
sissippi, Missouri and Ohio, which have

more than two thousand bluejackets,
who may be used for landing parties.

Though the four battleships are under
orders to proceed to Guantanamo first
it is likely that from the naval base they
will be ordered distributed along the
southeastern coast of Cuba for the purpose
of impressing the people with the force
which the United States is prepared to
bring to bear if matters get worse. It
has been suggested that large liberty
parties of sailors be sent ashore at San-
tiago that the negroes may get a glimpse
of the forces which will undoubtedly be
landed if the rebels persist in their dep-
redations upon property and outrages
upon citizens

What is regarded as one of the most
sinister phases of the situation in eastern
and southern Cuba, as it has developed
in the last few days, is the increase in the
number of attacks on white women. Four
separate instances of such outrages were
repor ed to the State Department to-day
All occurred in Oriente province, which,

from the first has been the principal field

of operations of the negroes

In one case the home of a former high
official of the provincial government was
entered by a band of negroes, The

| way express train was preparing to leave
the Fourteenth street station last night
at 5:45 a tall young man in a blue serge
suit dashed across the platform and

Science treatment. | women.
This fact was made known to some | leagues,
of Senator Nixon's colleagues in the the Equal Suffrage League, to make open
Senate to-day. Two Senators, Works of | air addresses during July and August.
California and Clapp of Minnesota, are) She has spoken several tines to large
Christian Scientists and regular attend- | gudiences on the Eastern Shore, where
ants at the First Church in Washington. | jer mother is a suffrage organizer
It was through them that arrangements} 00
were made through a Washington!
chureh for healers to minister to Sena-
tor Nixon.
William 8S. Campbell of the First
Church of Christ, Scientist, admitted |

day that he had charge of Senator
Nixon's case, assisted by two other| | Maprrp, June 5.—Prof. Moure of Bor-

members of the faith, whose names he | @eaux performed another operation to-
the young man rode. Luckily he could | declined to disclose. ;day on Prince Jaime, son of King
pull his arm and leg so cloae to the car| Senator Works of California made a| Alfonso, who has been practically deaf
|that they missed the iron girders strung | public avowal of his faith in the efficacy | 42d dumb since his birth.

At Forty-second | of Christian Science healing In a speech} The operation was on the ear

street, when the door was opened, he| in the Senate a few months ago. He said |

fainted. he came to accept the faith after his ARKANSAS BEST IN HER CLASS.

He refused to have a doctor and rée| wife had been restored to health fol-

The heavy door closed against his
knee and elbow. His right arm below
| the elbow stuck out of the car, and his
right leg below the knee was alao outside.
The train started. The young man
jerked and pulled, helped by those near
him, but could not extricate himself. The
jam in the car was so great that the gate-
man was unaware of his predicament.
From Fourteenth to Forty-second street

 

Another Operation Performed
Son of King Alfonso,

Special Cable Despatch to Tar Svs

 

 

 

 

o ‘
fused his name. He went on up in thej lowing years of sickness which physi- ner, er averente siees
subway and left at Ninety-sixth street} clans were unable to conquer by medi- Knots Over Course.
station cal treatment. He added that his son,; Rocktano, Me., June 5.—The battle-

cy eT earn avictim of intemperance, was reclaimed | ship Arkansas proved to-day that she {fs
AMERICAN ROBBED IN TYROL. | through Christian Science and was now | the fastest ship of her class now afloat.
. —-- making a success in his profession. In her tive runs at top speed over the

James 4. Deering Thinks Vietim Senator Nixon was operated on last! mile course she averaged 21', knots and

May Be Chicago Man. | Thursday. Previously he had been in) Made one run at the rate of 21.9 knots,
| good health to all appearances. The |) Brooms were hoisted at the mastheads
A despatch printed yesterday in the | oneration was regarded as a simple When this performance was completed.

Staata-Zeitung told of a robbery between |
+ Trent and Innsbruck in the Austrian |
| Tyrol which cost James Deering, described
has a New Yorker, a trunk of antiques and |
| jewelry valued at $25,000. The fact of |
ithe robbery was kept quiet by the police

for several days in the hope that they

would run down the thief. Police in
many European cities were notified to

The contract requirement is 20%,
knots, and the Arkansas made this on
three runs prior to her effort to make a

' record

one, but the surgeons say {it had been
postponed too long. ©n Saturday night,
following the operation, Senator Nix-
on’s case took an unfavorable turn.
There were symptoms of toxic poison-
ing. He became unconscious on Sun-
day and remained so until his death,
On Monday the attending surgeon diag-

WOMEN CARRY ELECTION

 

| Thetr Drisk Work Puts Mra. Lowe

. , soins ’ s ‘
j look out for the trunk and the man who | Posed his symptoms as spinal menin- on st Verngs Bohkavl Board
secured possession of it, but no news of | Bitls . Mounr Vernon, June §.— Mrs. Eliza -
| either had been received three days ago | At 6 o'clock this evening the Sena- | beth L. Lowe was elected to-day a school

| James A. Deering, a real estate lawyer
| and a director in the Title Insurance Com- | !t

tor’s' symptoms became alarming, and

| trustee in the Second ward. She is the
was evident that his Ife was pro-

| wife of Arthur Ro Lowe, who is connected

| pany, whose wife narrowly escaped being | longed solely by his remarkable vi-! with the Mount Vernon Trust Company.
| robbed of a diamond necklace by a high- | tality and strong heart action. She defeated C. C. Roberts by a vote of
| wayman on Fifth avenue, said yesterday | Arrangements for the funeral will/161 to 112. Mr. Roberts had been a

‘that lightning hadn't struck twice in the | Probably be withheld until the arrival of trustee for some time and at the time

She has been engaged by two |
the Just Government League and |

on!

 

father and his son were bound by the
marauders, who then attacked the mother
and two daughters of the family in the
presence of the two men
ceeding in breaking his bonds, was killed
in cold blood on the spot

Though no American women have
been molested thus far fear holds sway
in every American family resident in the
affected regions, It is stated that many

the Trickers such on everlasting

ay that they'll be good for ten |

4

is about that fauntain pen which eave vou,
Kindly come with the old penny as soon a3
you receive this mail so a& to clear me up
of one charge If you don’t come f will be
sent away for five to ten years. I'm almost
starved in this place, When you come
; bring abitetoeat. Youshould see what we
i nearm squad he said gruffly are supposed to eat in this old jail. Don't
Pees nen cate not fools. If LT saw forget to bring something to eat
J oen shooting Pd shoot too.” Pos. My bail atrnounts to $500 in each
eoond: deputy’s explanation of case making it $1,000. Don't forget the old
~eoof the fights that have made penny dated 1857. Otherwise | won't be
els unsafe for peaceable folk ig “ble to eet out Your son, HyMtEy
’ ‘The businessisthe ‘The boy's father went to court yes-
Wackhmailing gamblers and terday and settled matters by returning
snd sticking up people with the old coin to its owner and giving $1.50
4 tut trade, and aman who to the owner of the fountain pen The
mune inside out told THe Sun Charges were then disinissed
Jesterday that never in the 2
y have the returns been so

ral Order No 7 is the edict against
frughtsticks When Dougherty

“hel whal orders he had given to

‘ +

are fearful of reporting the true condition
of affairs to the proper authorities lest
they provoke the worst outrages on the
part of the negroes

Negroes are in the homes of almost all
the foreign residents as servants or de-
pendents of one sort oor another and
should they he seized by the same fever
which is rapidly gaining domination over
the men of their race now in the field the
consequences are too horrible to conterm-
plate. This menace causes approval in
Washington of the proposal to suspend
the constitutional guarantee

M. HW. Lewis, president and general
manager of the Guantanamo and Western
Railroad, which operates for eighty-one
miles through the region in which the
negroes are most active, called at the

tha bibles

a ‘ he

FAMILY WEALTH FUNDED.

Weltmans
of Them Mays

Sf g nen are packyg around
bev than they ever dreamed of,”
The leaders carry rolls bigger
chmahers toted in the old

j oft the game thera
for two crowds. And that's

The
That None

Seven Incorporate

Starve.

The seven Weltman brothers of this
city have originated a protective policy
for the members of their immediate
families. Through their attorneys, han-
trowitz & Eabérg, 320 hroadway, the
brothers have formed the Weltman lam-
ily Fund, Incorperated. The fund has at
its foundation a goodly sum of money
which wil! be added to each year by the
brothers, and in case of death of any one
of them his will bequeaths all to the fund
the purpore of the Weltman Family
Fund is to provide money to aid any
or all members of the immediate fiumily
who may become helpless or in need,
to edneate the children and to insure
suitable burials for all in the Weltman lot

The idea of this fund is) somewhat
similar to the Rockefeller Foundation,
; except that the Weltman wealth is to he

Clige or Sireceos walk in these expended only for immediate relatives
demand tribute the cash is) The officers of the corporation are the

I seven Weltman Brothers, nix of whom
are merchants, One, Nathan, is a farmer
the brothers guy that should the plan
work out according to their expectations

as is,

Zelig’s men are mostly young,
toe ith Trish names, their fight-
honvins; while Jack Siroeco's fol-

Ihilians, also renamed O'Brien

or Doyle, because an Irish
Ng tight is 40 per cent. of the
Bord have headquarters

‘hh bot they terrorize the lig

low Pourteenth street on the

Shere stuss games and pool-

lorop games flourieh. Garnbling
and saloon men are afraid
dare not go ta the police for
eoshot down or bliekjaeked,

demand adequate protection for the
property of bis company. He presented
his case with considerable warmth to
Major-Gen, Wood and Secretary Knox
but was considerably relieved when he
learned that Col. Lucas was leading 450
marines through the Guantanamo district
at the very moment he was making bis
protest

He sud that when he left Cuba several
days ago it was in the belief that the
Gomez Government would) give proper
protection to all American interests in
the disturbed regions. Since then daily
reports received trom three of his man-
augers in Cuba have convineed him that

“tes

1S PROPITABLE BALL
hs ano Zelig pave a “masque

(Ein whieh he eleared $3,409, the fund will grow to such proportions | {P" 2 as :
; in whinh he os . 4 10) that its proceeds may be expended upon | the menace to American intereuts has
ne proprietors, saloon Feepers ait branches of the fortunate Weltman , been greatly increased instead of les-
ere compelled to buy tickets olan At present all the brothers are gened. The railroad company already has

from fi to $50.) Zelic is said!

married and have children
ered $50,000 ina yeur and | - :

suffered about $80,000 damage from the
depredations of the negroes, two stations

nkrolP has been fattening | NICK HADN'T SEEN THEM being burned and other property de-
4 \ik protects some gamblers. cee er . eee ? | stroyed,
ecco and the Italian takes oppose Battons Reading “We Know Mr. Lewis advanced the opinion that in
r protecting other gamblers | When We're Beat," view of the inability of the Cuban Govern-
h dow. They have worked the

‘ment to afford protection to the property
of Americans the United States should
adopt a more vigorous policy in Cuba,
He declared himself in favor of action by |
the Washington Government which in- |
stead of waiting until the negroes had |

WASHINGTON, June 5.—An apparently
guileless old man wrote this on a card
to-day and sent it to Representative
Nicholas Longworth, son-in-law of Col),
Roosevelt: |

“Where can [get one of those buttons

nd down and across the middle
police say, burglary, pocket

nd tghway robbery on the
the rivalry for spoils has been
by racial antagonism. Any
ode was likely to cause an |

ee ! reading, ‘We know when we're beat'7* destroyed American property should |
Bin Jack Zelig'ts Sundays “[ know nothing about them,” was the serve to prevent such losses,
a) foney isiand was the answer sent verbally by Mr. Longworth. Managers of the large American,
drunk, the Zeligs--the Kid Dewe)'s ‘Brut-Cuvee” & “Spectal Sec," Continued on Third Page

(Champagnes for the Elite. tos we = wa Sekaaiaiataen
H.T. DEWEY & SONS CO., 138 Fulton Street, N. y, GREAT BEAR SPBING WATER,
+ Ade Wo. per caso of © glass stoppered bet tics, — Ade,

 

‘nued on Fourth Page, i

The son, suc- |

foreigners, both Americans and others, |

State and War departments to-day to!

|
a

same place. He said that neither he nor
his son, James R. Deering, who eloped
with Miss Violet Pierce, daughter of
Henry Clay Pierce, four years ago, had
lost a trunk in the Austrian Tyrol. He
said that James Deering of Chicago,
the harvesting machinery manufacturer,
might be the man mentioned in the
cablegram. ,
Innsbruck and Trent are only eighty
| miles apart
A despatch from Chicago received last

night says that James Deering of the In- |

ternational Harvester Company ia now

travelling abroad
eraactai testis e

SCARED BY MILITIA BULLETS,

| Lead From Blanvelt Range imperils
Sonoth Nyack Vorch Sitters,

 

Nyack, June 5. -A nurse at the Avalon,
a boarding house in South Nyack, was
sitting on the porch with a baby to-day.
A bullet came whizzing from the Na-
tional Guard rifle range at Blauvelt and
planted itself in the railing about two
feet away. Several other persons were
sitting on the porch at the time.

Yesterday afternoon as Mrs, Granville

grounds of her residence in Glenbyram
avenuea bullet from the rifle range passed

near her, struck in the kitchen and em- |

bedded itself two and a half inches,
, Another bullet struck a tree near which
she Was etanding.

The State will be appealed to to have!
Last year in the |
practice season at the range several,

the danger removed.

bullets made their way to South Nyack

‘and Grand View and the recurrences
of to-day and yesterday, at the very
beginning of the season, will result in
action by the local authorities and the
people.

RIOTS AT SPANISH MINE.

 

Troop, on Way to Cheek 15,000
Strikers at Aller,
Special Cable Despatch to Tua Sun,

Maphip, June 6.—One man was killed
| to-day and several were seriously injured
by the civic guards in rioting by the strik-
‘ing miners of the Asturias district at
| Aller, Fifteen thousand miners are out
in the district and troops are on their
way to the scene,

The strike in the Asturias district is
becoming more serious.

Premier Canalejas in the Chamber to-
day in refering to an outbreak at Ovideo
stated that the strike was due to agitators
and that the Government had taken
measures to defeat the propaganda of
lawlersness,

LOOK AT PAGE SEVENTEEN.
Estatemand attend the Sale neat Saturday.—Ad?.

D. Wilson of South Nyack was on the |

'

| Mrs. Nixon and her son.

| Senator Nixon had served one term in
‘the Senate and began his second term
March 4, 1911. He was a Republican
and had f{dentified himself throughout
his Senatorship with the regular wing
of his party organization in the Senate.
He supported President Taft for re-
nomination against Col. Roosevelt and
succeeded in carrying Nevada for Mr.
Taft. The Governor of Nevada, Tasker
| L. Oddie, is a Roosevelt Republican and
made the fight against Senator Nixon to
| get a Roosevelt delegation from Nevada, |
| but lost.

Goy. Oddie will be called on to fill the |

| vacancy until the Nevada Legislature
(elects a successor to fill out the unex-
| pired term of Senator Nixon. It is Hkely
_ that Gov. Oddie will appoint a progres- |
| sive Republican.

 

Senator George Stuart Nixon was born
jon April 2, 1860, in Placer county, Cali- |
| fornia, and was educated in the public |
|schools. Farmer boy, telegraph oper- |
‘ator, railroad agent, mine owner and
rancher were the steps in his career. He
| was the son of John H. Nixon and Mary |
| A. Estill, who came from Winchester, |
enn.

Mr. Nixon became identified with the
| Lovelock Land and Development Com- |
pany. which reclaimed 20,000 acres of des-
ert land in Nevada, and in Wyoming he |
controlled a large ranch and was inter-
ested both in cattle and sheep raising. |
He obtained mining interests in Tonopah, |
Goldfield, Columbia, Diamondfield, Man-
hattan and Fairview that turned out to be |
| of value.

| He was aleoa news
| edited and published the Daily Silver State
|at Winnemucca. He was a member of
|the Pacific Union, Bohemian and Union
| League clubsof San Francisco, the: Miz-
| pah of Tonopah, the Nevada of Reno and
|the Metropolitan of Washington. He
| wie a Mason, a Knight of Pythias and an
\ "Mr. Nixon was elected to the United |
States Senate on January 26, 1905, to
| succeed William M. Stewart, ‘and took |
|his seat on March 4. Ho became chair- |
man of the National Banks Select Com. |
mittee and a member of the committees
on Coast Defences, Irrigation and Mines |
and Mining, Transportation and the Sale |
or heat Broducts, ne orton on the |

ippines and the Committee to Examin

the vil Service, ‘

Senator Nixon was interested in Repub- |

lican politica from his early man hood |
and was un active leader in his State. |
It was said of him that no other citizen |
of Nevada had such diversitied interests |
| or did so much for the development of the
ate,

Senator Nixon married Miss Kate I,!
; Bacon on January 29, 1887, |
by his wife and one son, Bertram E. Nixon.
|

|, BETTER THAN LEMONADE- Try
| Horstord's Acid Phosphate in a glass of colt itis

per man, having

Ade.

ead the advertisement of the Van prmade| with wugar—It ls most refreshing and invigorating.

i aa

of the election was chairman of the com-
; mittee on discipline and teachers. He
was considered the strongest candidate
in the city.

The women conducted a hustling cam.
,paign and had carriages and automobiles
bringing out the voters all the afternoon.
| This ie the first time that a woman has
, been elected a member of the Mount
|Vernon Board of Education

‘SENATOR REED GOES A-FLYING.

Missour! Member ‘Takes Quarter
Hoar Ride Above Chesapeake Bay.

ANNAPOLIS, June 5.—United States
Senator James A. Reed of Missourl was
a passenger in the hydroaeroplane
piloted by Lieut. J. H. Towers, one of
the naval aviators, this afternoon.

Senator Reed came over from Wash-
ington with Capt. Washington I. Cham-
bers, who has general charge of the
naval aviation work, and accepted an
invitation to take a spin In the afr, The
trip was over the waters of the Chesa-
peake and lasted nearly a quarter of
an hour.

Senator Reed said he was delighted

(and wanted another trip soon.

M'’NAMARAS NOT PRISON IDEALS.

One Insults a Guard and the Other
Shirke—Roth Lose Privileges.
San Francisco, June 6,---The Me-

Namara brothers are in bad favor at

San Quentin. Within a week both

have lost tha privilege of receiving

guests and writing letters. Their to-
bacco supply has been cut . 7 too,

For the first six months of their terms
the brothers were ideal prisoners, but
last week they fell from grace. John
J. McNamara, serving fifteen years for
the Llewellyn Iron Works dynamiting,
was the first to run foul of the rules,
He Insulted one of the guards in the
jute mill. Last Saturday James H,, the
younger brother, serving a life sentence,

 

Both brothers work on looms and are
required to turn out 100 yards of cloth
a@ day.

\
|
was found shirking his work.
|

Capt. Randolph reports that James h, |

{is in much better health than when

brought to prison.

King's Squint Spoile Stamp,

Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sux
BRUSSELS, June 6.--A ten centimes
etamp, recently issued, will be withdrawn,

squint. Philatelists have been rushing
to obtain specimens of the stamp,

 

A few dashes of ANGOSTURA BITTERS in
your 6 Water prevents summer complaint.

| tae

al ati

reports will be found on page 12.

——

CENTS.

 

|

M
UR ROOSEVELT

 

Committeemen Say Dark
Hlorse Candidate Is
Impossible.

 

'FEAR

DEFEAT ANYWAY

 

President's Chances Depend
Upon Stability of
Southerners.

‘CONTESTS BEGIN TODAY

 

Newly Elected Members of
National Committee
(ict No Seats.

 

‘NO BOLT. SAYS

“Why Bolt. When We've Got
the Delegates?" Asks Roose-
velt’s Manager.

ee

DIXON

|
CHicaco, June 5.—The patter of the
| musketry on a battlefield which promises
| to Lecome historic in the Republican
| National party was first heard to-day.
The heavy skirmish will come to-morrow
when the Repu blican national committee
; assembles to take the preliminary steps
‘toward hearing and deciding thefcon-
| tests
| The cannonading, the rockets, the
blaring bands, inspiring their followera
to greater enthusiasm; the howls of the
| disappointed, the cheers of the victors,
the crashing and the smashing will be
| the scenes in the convention beginning at
the first session on June 18,
| The firing to-day began immediately

|

after the arrival of most of the members
of the Republican national committee,
To be sure, their entrance to the conven-
tior city was coincident with the arrival
of,Director William D, McKinley of the
national Taft bureau and of Senator
Joseph M. Dixon, manager of the Roose-
velt campaign, and their corps of secre-
taries, captains, majors and high privates.

Of course Director McKinley and
Director Dixon almost instantly issued
bulletins respectively for Taft and Roose~
}velt. But with the national committee -
j men on the field little attention was paid
| to these statements of claims and counter
‘claims, The national committee's power
is absolute, It is made upfof men of vast
‘experience, keen ability and endowed with
fighting qualifications every hour in the
, day and night.

\ PRECEDENT TO MAINTAIN,

They have the keeping of precedent
,and custom and the rules of the party
for half a century and more to maintain,
They are not weaklings or mollycoddles.
They are men of affairs in the political,
financial and industrial worl d.

Almost instantly after the arrival of
the majority of the national committee
a strong sentitnent for President Taft
swept over the town, The appearance
of the national committee led to positive
information as to what is to happen
here up to convention time. The infor-
mation gathered from the most reliable
sources is that at to-morrow's meeting
it will be demonstrated that about thirty-
five of its members, and possibly more.
{will uphold the sub-committee of ar-
|rangments in its decision that Senator
Root of New York shall be the temporary
chairman of the convention. It is even
said that thirty-eight members of the
fifty-three will support Senator Root.

Furthermore, it may be said that in
view of Roosevelt's opposition to his old
\friend Root there is a movement al-
ready inaugurated to make Root the
permanent as well as the temporary
chairman of the convention, No definite
steps can be taken concerning the per-
manent chairmanship, however, until
the work of the temporary organization
of the convention has been accomplished.

The attitude of the thirty-five and
perhaps more members of the national
committee on the Root matter justifies,
it issaid,the statement that at to-morrow's:
meeting the national committee will not
| permit R. B. Howell of Nebraska, Borden
| D, Whiting of New Jersey and Thomas
K. Niedringhaus of Missouri to take their
places as national committeemen  untif
after the President and Vice-President,
are nominated in the convention,

THE OLD RULE,

This is according to the custom end
precedent of the Republican national
party for half a century and more, Mr.
Howell, Mr, Whiting and Mr. Niedring-
haus a short time ago were chosen either
| by direct or State primary or State con-
}vention to succeed respectively Viotor
| Rosewater, acting chairman of the Re-
publican national committee; Franklin
Murphy and Secretary Charles Nagel.

Secretary William Hayward of the
national committee prepared to-day an
lexhaustive brief which is to be submitted
{to th® committee to-morrow. In thia
| brief Secretary Hayward recounts the
'rules and the precedents governing such
|matters from the organization of the
| Republican party in 1856. While Secre-
tary | ayward has not prepared his brief
with any thought of personalities, it will
nevertheless be a valuable document, for
it will demonstrate that the presen ¢
national committeemen of all the States
and Territories and the District of Colum-
' bia were elected according to the rules cf
| the party for four years, that is, four years

from the close of the national convention
of 1908 to the national convention of 1912,

It has been said that Col Roosevelt
| and his friends insist upon seating Howell,

Whiting and Niedringhaus at to-morrow's
He is survived | 94 it depicts the King with an undoubted | meeting, believing that the three votea

of these men would give the Koosevelt
followers control of the national commit.
The testimony is all the other way.
Even if the Republican party precedent,
and custom should be departed from and.

;

a a ne

~~