¥v

e- —

VOL. LXXX.—NO. 24,

ID (2.3

 

“CHINA IS UNITED,

wa

 

CLARES DR SUN

Denies All Rumors of Dis-
ruption in Message to
American People.

IN ACCORD WITH YUAN

He Savs He Went to Pekin to:

Assure President of His
Loyalty.

TREDICTS BRIGHT

FUTURE

 

Country's Vast Resources Soon!

to Be Tapped, When Financial
Troubles Will End.

 

Sensational reports were recently
cabled England and reproduced
r the American press of the mys-
terious disappearance of Dr. Sun
Yat-sen, the former provisional Presi-
dent of China. Coupled with this!
report Was the rumor that he had quar- |

relied with the President of China and
that he had been put to death by a band
of assassine, Dr. Sun promptly stamped
these rumors as designed inventions by
the enemies of China, and to the cor-

t

respondent of Tue Sun he gave the
fowing carefully prepared interview, |
whch dn reality is an address to the

American people.

   

 
  
   

Specral correspondence of Tur Sis
Naxkin, Aug. 27. (via San Francisco, |
£ 23).—Dr. Sun Yat-sen, who was!
nal President of the Chinese re-
returned from his latest trip to
last evening and immediately went
t : meonthe upper Shang Fal road,
T n ng, in accordance with a
} i » to your correspondent at
the northern capital, he received me at
s town office and dictated the follow- |
ing statement, seckIng particularly that
lressed to the American press
| the Friends of China In the
United States of America
w © officially IT am not compelled
t) speak of Chinese affaires and can |
} direct sense be a mouthpiece for
t G rnment of the repubtte, T
fre] it is mv bounden duty to
Freak quite fully regarding matters in
‘ h T am deeply concerned to the
‘ that certain misunderstandings
ticinl to the interests of my coun-
be cleared ;
Pes } I. ay feel th isti-
fiation we
with my own eves | ‘
n and british vils
ments of fact, particu!
fe my own relatic vi

   

1 heads of the Ct “ I
' of certain factions of my country-
mer All manner of rumors and re-
ts have heen sent by telegraph and
from the different ports of China,
i Japan to the European and Ameri- |
ies, and T would not be sur-
eq if the intelligent opinion of the
eastern peoples was to the effect that
e in China are rapidly preparing

 

 

poliifeal matters and conditions
nera
fordial

Relations With Vuan,

Phe r ‘ions between President
! wolf are personally very

true that we do not agree

thatters of public poiicy, but

noes are those which the

ts to find among its public

sould be remarkahle, to say

+ set of pubiie men could

nd in any country who were of

don all matters of publie con-

in safeiy say that

f tirst importance all

ina are of one mind The
f the country. As to how
attained is quite another

we are all striving and

meritorious and

upon
the

r the one

nks of a civil war In the

1 and a patriot of a very
Yet there are--if my
f American affairs is

     
 
  

freat and vital
ey disagre> totally,
he so in China?

within few hours re-

 

 

to the capital; the

f forelgn jouraals are to be
aared ait because
neer J would run! It

se wicked Indeed that}

do obe published broad-

y is (hus done our coun-
which we have so

Both are given a setback

the world

vielt to President Yuan
toll him very frankly my

"ar important matters,
to the for We ds
the fs Pow Tr } ’

» Ch 1], and tne terms
suld be mace -

mW 4; the matter
Ist the organtiza-

i) parti the teaching
to the people, the dis

ernment mines and lands,
f opening vast tracts of
lands for settlement and
: of Import
time President Yuan gave
Hut ory complete statement of his
\ nomnany of these questions, and
—

 

Continued on Fourth Page,

do the good that has been done
I can readily understand that cer-)
n acts of those in authority might}
inderstood to mean that. revolu-
rebellion Was pending in parta
epubll Tam not called upon
new to whether | fully ap-
of some of the recent acts of
Yuan Shih-k’al. Perhaps I
perhaps [ do not; that is a
wholly personal, and has no
< yr, at least, should have none

issues |

Ch

  

GIEV VIVA.

++

“ESE OR
DRIVER CAPTURED

An unidentified woman of middle age,

Wearing a taflored sult of black taffeta, |
fell dead In a crowded northbound Jer- |
ome avenue few minutes before
night. As the car was

car a

 

if o'clock last

coming

| Wu ston at Hurnstde avenue Police Hope to Find Men Who «

the woman, whe was sitting well for-

} ward with a number of packages on
her lap, made an attempt to rise, dost
| her balance and fell to the floor,
| Several women near her lifted her
to the seat and tried to revive her with
smelling salts. The car continued, and GET
when the passengers failed to restore
her to consciousness, James Schechel.
the conductor, stopped the ear and ran
for Polleeman Landode of the Tremont
avenue station, whom he saw at the
corner, Landode sent a call to Ford-
ham Hospital for an ambulance When
Dr. Gillette arrived from the hospital
he said the woman was dead, probably
of heart trouble

Blackjacked Merchant
Going to Bank.

AWAY WITH $1,881.

Speed Off in Big Auto After
Firing Many Shots Into
Crowd in Street.

LICENSE NUMBER CLUE

Chauffeur, Boy of 18, Says Ma-
chine Was Hired for the
Day by Three Men,

| ‘The woman wore large diamond ear-
ines and a number of diamond finger
i rings She was slightly under 4 feet
4 inches tall and welghed about 170
pounds In her silver mesh handbag
there was nothing by which to identify
| her, In the handbag were several small
particles which had been bought at the
Greenhut-Siecel Cooper store at Sixth
avenue and Eighteenth street, gold eve-
| Slasses, and a brooch set with three
large diamonds, She had dark auburn | Was blackjacked by two men, who stole
hatr, and wore silk stockings and black|a satchel Popper carried containing
velvet shoes | $1,881, at Ninth avenue and Seventeenth

A number of the passengers said that |
the woman sat quietly until she started
to arise as If she wished to alight at
Burnside avenue

The body was taken to the Tremont
avenue police Station and later to
Fordham Hospital

-—-— - ---.-—

John J. Popper, head of the firm of
Popper, Grey & Co, who deal in dairy

street yesterday morning.
The two highwaymen ran to a waiting
| automobile and drove off in it, shooting
back from the rearat their pursuers,
Deputy Police Commissioner Dough-
erty got the chauffeur of the car and
lthe machine in Willlamsburg last night.
| The chauffeur was locked up. The hold-
men are still at though the
Suce | Commissioner hopes to get them soon,
} men picked up several

| STRIKE AT 39TH ST. THEATRE.

| Stage

up large,

Handa Qalit, but

ceed in

Dougherty's
Delaying Show, | :

witnesses directly after the shooting who
sald that the number on the fleeing car
had the numerals 4806 sumewhere tn it

The stage hands at the Thirty-ninth
Street Theatre went on strike last nieht !

j by order of the International Alliance of They weren't sure of the order of the
; Theatrical Mechanics of the United) numerals. Popper, who knows some-
}States and Canada, Thelr places were thing about automobiles, said the ear
| take n by members of one of the road! was a six seated Thomas. It was painted
ycrews employed by the Shuberts who, red, according to the wit

esses

  
 

although

Union men, are not members! Detectives found from the office of the
of the New York branch of the organi-| Secretary of State that there was a

zation
According to the

Natlonal body

Thomas car numbered 43069, owned by
| Terry Dolee and his brother, Stephen, of
14 Park street, Brooklyn.

Shuberts the [nter-
is endeavoring to lest one

 

 

|
|

products at 411 West Seventeenth street, |

| being

| that

f its rules under which a play put on The Commissioner, Inspector Faurot, ;
‘ ° ° < . . .
in New York or any other large cits Detective Reilly and other sleuths went
for a long run after having been pro-

to 14 Park place, but could find neither
duced elsewhere must employ a road of

t first.
crew of stage mechanics in addition to

the Dolee brothers at They

   

learned that Stephen Dolce had a@ hack |

  
     

TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1912.— copvrione, 1912,

KAISER AND SON STILL APART.
Wieabaden Paper fave They Never
Correspond and Seldom Speak,

Special Cable Despatch to Tae Sus.
BERLIN, Sept, 23.--The gossip concern-

ing the Katser’s alleged estrangement
from his son Crown Prince Friedrich
Wiihelm has been revived, The Whes-

baden Tagebdlatt says that his Majesty,
a consequence of the trouble, refused
to attend the birthday fetes of the
Crown Princess the other day.

lather and son, the paper says, never
correspond when apart and hardly ever
speak when they meet. If the Crown
Prince is compelled to
with the Emperor he does {t through a
court official,

His Majesty, it Is pointed out, did not

review the Crown Prince's regiment dur-

ing the recent manwuvres. The heir to

| the throne had the regiment drawn up

and awaited the Emperor, who finally
sent an ald to review it. The Prince
was deeply offended and complained
openly of hia tredtment.

It Is stated that the Crown Prince's
anti-Government demonstration in the
Reichstag some time ago still rankles
his father, who also alsapproves of some
of his son's companions and his disin-
clination for certain duties.

Friends of the Crown Prince have

ineffectually tried to effect a reconcilla- |

tion between him and his august fatner.

JUST A BATHHOUSE COMEDY.
Gypay

in Throws Hun-

wartan Coant Throagh Glass Door,
Special Cahle Despatch to Tar Sus

VIENNA, Sept. 23.—The levelling In-
fluence of the nude has had a serious
and at the same time comlie result in the
Hungarian Baths at Budapest.
Count Karl Baterhazy, returning from
a dip, was entering his dressing cabin
when he collided with Ladislas Racz,
the thirty-sixth son of the so-called
Gypsy King. Both of the men being
undressed there was nothing to differ-
entiate thelr social position, The Count,
angry with Racz for bumping
him, slapped his face. The gypsy there-
upon setzed the Count and hurled him
through a glass door, the nobleman
being so severely cut that he was taken
to a hospital.

Racz was horrified when he learned

Hungary

of his victim's Identity and Count Kster- |

hazy in turn was furious on hearing
his assailant was a gypsy, the
Count’s soctal rank making it impossible
for him to fight a duel with his bath-
ing opponent.

CUBAN PAPERS ATTACK GIBSON.

Saye Hie Transfer to Brussels Means
He Displeased U. 8.

Special Cahle Despatch to Tar SN,
Havana, Sept. 23.—~ While most of the
Cuban papers are prudently silent, some

| of them assert that the transfer of the

American Secretary, Mr. Gibson, to the
Legation in Brussels means Washing-

/ton's displeasure of the actions of the
| American Secretary in furthering Amer-

the regular house er is j mn ‘ |
ue FS rho see Shey This is « ear—a Thomas--which he kept at the
sidered a hardship bs tho managers on! ' . ‘

. 4 haf \uto Renting Company's garage, at)
in the instance of the Thirty-ninth .,.4, > |
Stree heatre it ‘ Uedford and Flushing avenues. There
Street Theatre it was resisted on the,

ne . pect they found the red car, which bore signs
ground that observance of the rule ¢ uch 4 jater tcked
would compel the employment of one set a on ic nat » anc os on a vid
: Ste » ° s », » -
of men to look on in idleness while the a 7 bie a i Me ye i th
lother set performed thetr duties on the! PEE DS EUS Gh einstein: een tae

staue morning

Stephen and his car were taken back

performance of “The Master of
the House’ was not delayed last night. | '? Manhattan Headquarters, where
> preparations had been made to meet, Delce was locked up. The Commis-
the threatened strike, ;S:oner sald that he did not care to
sie . )eiys out all that Dolee had told him
4 The front lamp of the car was missing
MISS ROMAINE ELOPES. ta re owere peanuts and confetth on

the worn mats of the machine

Banker's Danghter a Darnard

fean interests In a visorous fashion, and
is also the punishment which the United
States decided to mete out to Mr. Gib-
son
The transfer of the secretary at this
time has had a most deplorable effect
The Cubans are gloatingly saying that

a@hey have intimidated Washington, while

Jane) The front number plate of the car}
ior, Weds Thomas Higgins, Clerk, | Was in perfect condition It looked
Miss Frances Romaine, the elghteen- | from a hasty Inspection, however, as Jf

year-old daughter of Henry G. Ro-|'he rear number plate had been tam-
{maine, who is a member of the firm| Pered with by a chisel, The top of the
of Curtis & Romaine, brokers and bank- | "Ne and the top of the six had been cut
ers at 30 Broad street, eloped last Fri- |” aE RE ROGAM BASED IBM EUIOENE.
day and became the wife of Thomas | oe aaa arate a of one an
act y iiroacie} cc : ‘igoned chauffeur, tole tik SUN re-
reac Padenith ak a lige Tn CORR? saat Hight that he was: sure
1 real estate broker's office He has Stephen was innocent Hie said that
hot been working lately: in the brief talk that he had had with
i Miss Romaine 1s a junior at Barnard | StePhen, who fs 18 years old, his brother
\College. Last week she returned from | told him that he had been called on
: : E ; ithe telephone at the Bedford avenue,
; West) Hampton, where the Romaine| oo) Ebi : -,
jsummer home is, with her father and re early Saaiartes Ore ihe
|mother. On Friday morning she tele-, 0% Men at the pee . un
phoned to a girl friend that she would Wis) BAlG. Ne Wanted) To nike (Ne cas
drop in and see her In the afternoon for the day and would pay $5 an hour
{for it. Stephen jumped at the offer.

‘ridav te Miss ‘ ‘ » le , :
Friday afternoon Miss Romaine left he Three men arrived at Bedford avenue,

 

‘¢ > Wye > ’ . tA.
ph a Ww HEN she Vee BO} - ay ane where the car ts statloned, and. told
ner her mother called up the girl frien
young Dolee 1 ro to Manhattan. He
and was told that Miss Romafne had not sie PD Am Tae anne
alta th sald that they got out at Ninth ave-
se ; i i eater < fateh -|nue and Seventeenth street and told
at might Mr. Remaine telephoned | . Two ¢ , > rune
and telegraphed to every one he could him i walt Nwo of them came run
think of who might have seen his! ning back & moment later, carrying &
nk i nig i se is catche Phare wt ' . > .
laditeniane but giao nat And aritdce Gt satchel They ripped open the ae or of
Rs a Dn Bat ; i { {the car and yeiled at him to “let her
» oir tturday h Ce z : i
i Nngeamns from hie dauehtos methane hey | 0-” He told his brother that he didn't
telegram from Ss daughter stating a
see the th it aga!
{she and Higeins had been married a is He ind mn a RP " } anh
Young Higgins has known the gir! Stephen said that one of his passen-
ean i . ire rs if S aalA it a ri j gers put a revolver at his ear and told
| for some eb ia #7 rat the ‘ “Drive Hke " 1 .
i banker did not see anything significant | him tai peel. ; heli” nog: | sas ne
jin his attentions Two of the boy's | Was frightened when he saw 8h
, : » boy's ‘
Brat haretaranin wivare "officer pursuing, and put on all speed
yrotoers > i e > ’ t
: He said that while he was still going

on Ninth avenue the
slow up, and that the men then jumped
off and disappeared. He said he had
never seen any of the men before

ASTOR RELATIVE’S ODD WILL.

Cousin of Late Colonel Leaves 8200,-

O00 to Philanthropy, The Dolce brothers have a good rep-

hut 0 . Ae a Seg

Povaukerpsie, Sept. 23.—Henry Beck. utation in their neighborhood They

{ are Trallans and get tha money to buy

}man Armstrong, who died in the town

of Red Hook several days ago, left many | the car from their father

Stephen had

; simply because Mr, Taft, en a ce > a doct ‘ .
* By a ’ if coe, eme| thousands of dollars to charities and oe n BA . for a : ene his moe r
ime z noneve ‘ ; it) ‘ » YOrKe ' i °
matters of pubilt Hoy.al PPO’ ided that the clergyman officiating St! Hf AAG: ‘ at Wor oh en 0 iran ee

matters a ub u t, £ ry ) , 20
oe I pOUCY® at his funeral should recetve $25 for his| for &. W. Bliss on ymouth street,
gentlemen is certainly a Brooklyn, up to two weeks ago. Then

 

services

Armstrong, who lived as ar
Imany years, was a cousin of
lCol, John Jacob Astor. He was not on
friendly terms with the Colonel,

A blasted romance in early youth is
said to have caused Armstrong to
‘Ure to his little farm, where he lived
jalone in reading In his library.
| Armstrong's will was opened here to-
day After giving his home and the
silver plate, books and paintings to rela- |
tives be leaves the residue, $200,000, to
his brother, James 8S. Armstrone, for
philenthropie purposes within the limits
of Khinebeck,

he gave up his place to drive the car
for hacking purposes

It has been Popper's habit to go to the
New York County Bank, at Fourteeath
sireet and Eighth avenue, every Monday
morning with the collections for Satur-
|day and over Sunday Usually he has
about $3,000, but the Jewish holiday
kept the sum down this week, Often he
rede in a wagon to the bank, but yester-
day, when Frances Emmeluth, the cash-
ier, put $856 in bills, $74.83 in currency
vnd the rest of the $1,88L in forty-six
checks in the satchel, he decided to walk
to the bank. As he turned toward Ninth

cluse for
the late

re-

|

men told him to!

the Americans here feel that thetr In-
terests have been greatly injured, as the
Cuban Government is encouraged by
Mr. Gibson's transfer to resist American
claims henceforth, no matter how just
they are, while future American diplo-
mats in Havana will be fearful to incur
Washington's displeasure by protecting
American interests.

NO CLIFF SUICIDE IN AUTO.

Woman Figures tn Honx; Man tn

Cane Alive.

los ANGELES, Sept. 23.- An unknown
Woman figured prominently in a= re-
markable hoax, of which the Los An-
eeles Times was a victim, when it
printed a story of an allege’ double sul-
cide in Its Sunday morning edition. Ap-
parent attempts were made by this
woman to have other Los Angeles news-
papers print the same story, but as they
could not verify it, they left it.

According to the story published Niles
, Folsom of Santa Monica and Thelma
Bartee of San Diesxo had agreed to end
their lives and were dashed to death
when Folsom drove his automobile over
a high cliff near Santa Monica. Their
bodies were reported to have been found
with the wrecked machine.

Folsom, however, proved to be very
much alive when he read the tale. The
Times printed a retraction of the story
this morning. The story was given to
the Zimes by an impostor claiming to
be KK. Mason of Long Beach, The
alleged Mason gave the address of
Thomas Jones and his wife, 808 Call-
fornia street, He claimed that this
address and the name Folsom were tn a
book found in the pockets of the young

'man whom he and his companions had

}

|
werent avenue Bill Egan, who has @ livery stable
| $3,000 PEARL IN ARKANSAS, i near the corner, shouted to hitn from the |
Semen ' doorway:

Recent Find Shows Tint and Size
Like a Quall Ear.
Newport, Ark., Sept, 23.--The

in my businers.”

Popper laughed, At the corner is a
week bas brought a number of the best | saloon, Two young men were standing
pear! finds of the season to this market, | in: front of it. They had been in the
The top price of the year, $8,000, Is sald neighborhoed for maybe a month, al-
to have been pald by Willlam M. Corley though nobody seemed to know anything
fora Uorty-stx grain pearl of unusually about thom yesterday,
fine lusire One of them was tall with light hair,

\. Puilard paid $1,100 for an elahty- He wes better drevsed than the corner
seven grain pearl, one of the largest Jogfer of the neighborhood, He wore
finds of the year, The gem ts of a bluish | a fight felt hat and his gray suit had
tint and in shape and size resembles a
quallege. It was found In White River
near Calico Rock,

 

pust

 

Coutinued on Thivd Paage,

a | DRINK FRESH PRESSED GRAPE JUICE,
We press it right in your sight,

set in stylish |, T. DEWEY & SONS CO,, 198 Fulton St., N.Y,

a Lane.—Adv, | —adp,

 

 

 

| = cacaeieiants i
Kryptok Torlo Eyeglasses,
mountings, at Spencer's, 7 Maids

“Leave that with me, Pop, I need it)

|

dragged from beneath the wreckage of
the auto

Investigation showed that Folsom had
lived at the Jones residence, Jones and
his wife said that Folsom had been tn
love with their daughter Ethel, and
that he was despondent because she
had refused his sult for her hand,

Then came the discovery of two let-
ters, one of them signed with the name
Thelma Hartee and the other signed
“Bud,” a nickname which {ts used by
Folsom’s friends. These letters seemed
to show that Folsom and the young
woman had agreed to die together,

 

ae ee Dn ae, j}company of the First Foot Gaurds, ne} WiuMinaton, Del, Sept. 28.--Walter

|} cluding Capt. von Sehlich, eleven non-! yy qJayes, aged 65, one of the most
WOMAN IN AUTO SAVES CHILD. | commissioned officers and 110 men, was | prominent lawyers in Delaware, was!
airs, Hageen Daidea mali 1 lcourt-martialled at Potsdam to-day on | stricken with paralysis in the Court of |
° acres rives oliceman in) the charge of cheating in a shooting Chancery to-day. He will probably die,

Mad Race With Runaway.
SoMERVILLE, N. J., Sept. 23.

her automobile this morning, Mrs,
Henry Rogers raced alongside of a}
runaway milk wagon, getting close

enough to the rig to enable Policeman
kedward Ramsey to reach out and lift
six-year-old Lilllan Nevius from. the
wayon just before the runaway wrecked
it against a fence.

The horse bolted at the centre of the
Village, just as 8. P, Nevius, Its owner,
untied it, Nevius saw his ehild hurled
away to what seemed certain death.
Ramsey and Mrs, Rogers saw the bolt
ai the same time. Mrs. Rogers slowed
cown her automobile for the policeman
to climb aboard and the race began.

The sound of the puffing automobile
behind him caused the runaway horse
to swerve at the Instant the rescue was
effected,

communicate |

Gulding |

Sun.

 

by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association

| BIG RADIUM FIND IN COLORADO.
M. Chagnoax ‘faye World's Grentent

Supply Is in That State,

Denver, Col., Sept, 23.—Colorado has
the greatest supply of radium in the
world stored in its mineral districts,
says M. Henri! Chagnoux, the eminent
French mineralogist expert of the
Biological Laboratory “duo Radium" in
Paris. M. Chagnoux has just returned
from Meeker, Col, Where he has
been examining lands said to contain

o— : |great quantities of the precious metal

‘ > ° ' discovered by Mme. Curie, the French
(CHILD IS A REAL, GOULD) tiered ace
| M. Chagnoux speaks no English.
When interviewed at his sulte in the
Shirley Hotel, with his wife acting as
his interpreter, M. Chagnoux was very
enthusiastic concerning his mission to
this country.

“CREELMAN CALLS
~ BUCKNER A LIA

He Then Contradiets Waldo
and Declares Inquiry
Is Ring Polities.

BABY DECIES SCREAMS
AT HER CHRISTENING

|

 

Superstitions Among Fash-|
| ionable Gathering at Stoke
| Poges Make Predictions.
|

 

| Aunts of Eileen Vivien de la
Poer Beresford Attract
Much Attention.

ment of the famous metal only,” he
said, “and not in the interest of science,

| Special Cable Despatch to Tuk Sex
| Lonpon, Sept. 23.—With four names, |

Eileen, Vivien, de la Poer, Beresford, oe, many of the papers have asserted.
| iG | Neither am | sent here by Mme
}and with five godparents—Lor¢ re- Curie, who {s too busily engaged in
ville, Howard Gould, the Marchioness) her Jaboratories and shops to send
of Waterford, Mrs. Edward Lumb and) agents abroad. She draws burt 12,000

francs per year and spends it all upon

{her children and her experiments. Yes,
she is a most wonderful woman, and
has done much for sclence.”

Mrs. Anthony J. Drexel, Jr..—the Infant
| girl of Lord and Lady Dectes, formerly
| Vivien Gould, was christened this after-
| noon in the historie church at Stoke
,Poges, the churchyard of which is the
scene of Gray's Elegy and in which
the poet was buried.

The fashionable gathering which as-|
| sembled to witness the event Included |
among others the Duke and Duchess} PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 23.—Simultaneous
of Montrose, Dowager Lady Decies, | with the opening of the Hahnemann
Marquis and Marchioness of Graham, | Medical College to-day the work of the

STUDENTS TO TAKE POISON.

 

Hahnemann Freshmen Will Oblige

in Interests of Sctence.

| ‘ : ; polson squad among the students!
| Lord de la Poer Beresford, Countess of started anew for the current term. Dr.
Edwin L. Nesbit, who has the chair

| Fingall, Mr. and”Mrs. George J. Gould,

parents of Lady Decies, and their two! of pharmacology, asked for volunteers

| younger daughters, Gloria Anna and| among the freshmen to augment the
| dith K.; Mrs. Anthony J, Drexel, Sr.,j 8@uad among the upper class men.

| ’ - | The volunteers will be placed upon
{and Mra, James Henry Smith. a restricted diet and will then receive

The tnfant, who looks the typical) mintmum doses of a variety of poisons

; Gould, uttered lusty screams during the | so that the physicians in charge will,
| christening, greatly delighting the su-| be able to study the toxic effect upon
| perstitious persons who cling to the} the human system,

housewife’s belief that a lucky child}
will ery during such a ceremony, Lady |
| Decles, the mother, who was €harm-
| Inely dressed {n gray velvet, was one!
) of those who looked pleased when her |
| daughter screamed, |
| There was an army of snapshotters!
| scattered about the church and

MISSING GIRL DROWNED.

Body of Child Reported Kidnapped
Found tn East River,

The body of Angelina Egiiolare, 7
5
they! years old, of 388 Bust 101st street, was

invaded all places except the interlor found yesterday morning floating in the

of the edifice. East River at the foot of 100th street,

Following the christening a recep-| she had been missing since Sunday
was held at Sefton Park, Lord: afternoon,

| tion

| Decies'’s place, and one of the pleasing
features was the group of two hundred

land fifty school children who took tea
Later three hundred of the villagers
of Slough took part In a dance and set
off fireworks.

The child's father, Dominic Egliolare,
wus told by some of ber playmates that
she had been seen walking in the direc-
tion of the river with a man who had a
box of candy, and the report that she
had been kidnapped caused much exeite-

George J. Gould's” present to his) ment in the neighborhood.
| xrandehild was @ fat check At a The body of the little girl was taken
j luncheon preceding the christening. (9 the East 104th street police station,
Fdith Gould, aged 11, daughter of! where an examination showed cuts and

George J, Gould, recited a poem of her} bruises in the side of the head, but no
own composition {n honor of the evenipeeqdtenee of mistreatment.” The police

At the christening party perhaps the th she fell into the water and that
nearest rivalling attractlon to the baby | the children who had been playing with

were the child's aunts, edith and |per were afraid to tell about It.

Gloria Gould, the daughters of the| Shes ao a ian

| Brandfather, George J. Gould. Gloria,

who is 6, and Edith, who ts 11, were! DIVORCE FOR ETHEL CROKER
the cynosure of all the eves of the steidaage

 

adults on account of thelr precocity. | Riding Master Husband Doesn't Op-

Gloria astounded every one by speak- |
ose Grantin Final Decree,
ing French, German and Itallan equally » . :

verses In each Janguage in the most | whom she eloped in 1910, came before
shy and delightful manner } Supreme Court Justice Goff yesterday
Kdith, with muturity of 11, has) and was not opposed.
already developed vaulting ambitions. | signed by Justice Goff.
“lL want to be famous,” she said. “I| Maude Diehl, telephone operator fn a
love clever people, particularly people | Toronto hotel, was named

who write poetry I first felt HWke writ- | pondent,

as

ng poetry at 7, when my sister vivien | ciecemenaniniariea
fell in love with Lord Decies. 1 love

romances, and so | wrote a little poem LEADER RENOUNCES SOCIALISM.
about any beautiful sister. Then 1 eeeaeeeets

dropped poetry for a time, but I have Right Hand Man of Soctalist Mayor

taken {it up again.

“Hiow L should like to be famous Ike
Scott. I love his poetry tales 1 love
tales of battle, heroes, war, love--any-
thing with the romantic spirit. [ hate
writing to order but just when the fn-
spiration selzes me.

Quits His Paper and the Party.

Scngnectapy, N. Y., Sept. 23.—In a

long statement over his signature Ben 8S,

Henry, righthand man of Mayor George

R, Lunn tn the upbuilding of his paper,

The Citizen, and his political success,

“Nature appeals to me poetically at ee night announved his resignation as

springtime, which I love better than | business manager of the publication and

pring ’ : , ’ }as a member of the Socialist party. He

any other season, because then things did not notify the Citizen Publishing

are coming to life and there's: Move-| Company of his decision to withdraw

ment and action as well as beauty. 1 from its staff uneil after he had publicly

don't like to talk about writing bes annolnced his determipation to break

cause so many people think {t Is silly away from soctalism and all connecting

and laugh at what a little girl does, TI tiles. Mr, Henry's statement In part fol-
can't bear ridicule. lows:

yuri t scuss Zdith’s father
' ates I - dis ueslen dl dau penne The longer I stayed the more disgusted
} had his arms on hls youns Gaus I became with the deluston and = incon-

|
| aBon eens: sistency of socialism as t beheld it I
“My dear," he sald, resolved to follow my conscience and get

} want to be famous?” out of this deluded rut, and to do so at
once, lest | might get so filled with the

“Why,” she answered seriously,
feel that I have done something dope and become, like an opium fiend, un-

 

“why do you
“ta

that

. aa ee ' able to leave {ts dreamy attnosphere of
will live to be remembered, Isn't that self-hypnotism, making oneself believe
worth while? the impossible and impracticable, Not
' Edith is a ble girl for her age and] uniike the opium fiend raving for dope

characteristic ollve complex-
and big, soulful eyes
full of imagination, She has quite a|
collection of her Httle poems, her most
ambitious effort reaching twelve verses,

Mr. and Mrs, George J. Gould and
| their children will leave England for
} the United States on Wednesday.

has the
jon of the Goulds,

are some of the wild clamorings, abusive
language, wholesale denouncement of
everything except what they want, and
they are willing in some cases to sacrifice
all to get it.

Personally, as individuals, 1 am on the
{best of terms with everybody in the party
and every one connected with the news-
paper,

Henry is the fifth public officer to quit
Mayor Lunn this year,

 

ENTIRE COMPANY ARRESTED.

Kaiser's Pet Soldiers Charged With
Cheating in Shooting Match,

to Tur Sun
entire Sixth

aan Paralytic Stroke While Mak-
ing Appeal in Boulevard Cane,

Cable Despatch
The

Special

BERLIN, Sept. 23

 

for the coveted,

| competition in August He had just made application to Chan-
Kalser brine, ; ry _|vellor Curtis for the Issuance of a clta-
The Prussian ermy conditions for the | ton and other pepers whereby the case
| shooting competition Hmited each man} | ¢ objecting property owners in this

jto thirty rounds, but some office rs of aiate io the canathlotion of the du Bont
; Another regiment suw the men of the} CRNBUASA GAUIN’ a AUiaAAAA “tn tha
) First Foot Guards company taklog ex- | United States Supreme Court. Before
tra cartridges from thelr boots and} . y a

haversacks, A prompt investigation | the Chancellor could act Mr, Hayes,

showed that the men carried 1,700 iilictt | Wo was sitting in a chatr, collapsed.

| cartridges.

Capt, von Schileh is not accused of the commission that recently estab-
complicity In the cheating, but of lack- lished the New Jersey and Delaware
ing supervision, The case has aroused boundary, ,
great interest owing to the fact that Later in the day the Chancellor

lthe First Foot Guards is one of the, SPanted the appeal. Ars Coleman

Pont, who has agreed to construct
boulevard, reeently declared he

most exalted regiments in the German| «u
army. All of the Emperor's sons served! the

it. would cease In his efforts to build the,

| road if the objectors appealed to the

Federal Supreme Court, its construction
{s now doubtful. The objecting land

The case is going on in camera,

The great steamer HENDRICK HUDSON
etill is commission to Albany, 6:40 A, M.—Ads,

| |
“LT am here for commercial develop- |
|
1

with English and carrying on her con- The application by Mrs. Ethel Croker
versations with fidelity to the accent} Breen for a final decree of divorce from
and the grammar; also by reciting; John J. Breen, a riding master with |

The decree was!

cores- |

| He is unmarried and was a member of |

THE WEATHER FORECAST.

Rain to-day and probably to-morrow; in-
creasing easterly winds.
Detailed weather reports will be found on page 17,

PRICE TWO CENTS. —

 

HIS PROBE MERE FORM

Says Waldo Asked Him to

Recertify Names, Which
He Did.

ATTACKS DOWNING, TOO

Civil Service Head Inecensed

; Over “Petty Republican”
Affair,

 

| } on
| COLLEAGUES TALK FIRST
| 7 saeco

| Welling and Keogh Explain

How They Investigated Police
Applications,

James Creelman, president of the
Municipal Civil Service Commission, on
the witness stand at the Curran Alder-
manic investigation yesterday afternoon
called Emory R. Buckner, counsel! for the
committee, a liar

He referred to the investigation as @
“petty little Republican political ring
And he contradicted under oath
the sworn testimony of Commissioner
Waldo, who had said he turned over to
Mr. Creelman for investigation the papers

}in all cases of men whom he appointed

; affair,”

rt | to the Police Department after they had

been rejected by Commissioner Cropsey.
Mr. Cropsey had refused to make the
appointments on the basis of reports by
;the police investigation bureau, which
| Commissioner Waldo abclished.

| Commissioner Waldo had sworn that
he turned over to Mr. Creelman the papers
jin all the disputed cases so that the Civil
{Service Commission might make the
| proper investigations. Commissioner
Creelman swore yesterday that Commia-
sioner Waldo had taken to the offices of
the Civil Service Commission papers in,
|as he recalled, forty-seven cases and had
| selected out of that number some ten
|} cases, These latter papers he had taken
taway with him, never turning them over
to the Civil Service Commission, the wit-
ness said. In a number of the remaining
thirty-seven cases, Mr. Creelman stated
| semigbaa: Commissioner Waldo had
jasked that the names be recertified and
|this request had been complied with
without investigation by the Civil Service
Commission.

Two Methods Employed.

In the cases which remained two methods
,of disposition were employed by the
‘commission. In a part of these cases
the applicants were called before the
|} commission and questioned by President
, Creelman. Each applicant was asked to
explain false statements he had made
in his affidavit and in practically every
|case he pleaded that he had not under-
| stood the question on the affidavit as to
| whether or not he had ever been arrested.

The minutes of the commission's hear-
ing in each of these cases concluded with
a sentence to the effect that the appli-
cant's name was ordered returned to the
eligible list and recertified. In one or
two of the cases brought up yesterday
other witnesses had been called; but in
the majority the applicant himself was
the only witness

The second method of disposition of
these remaining cases was the recertifica-
tion of the names without even calling
the applicant to testify. While with
regard to individual names mentioned
Mr. Creelman thought it probable that
some other investigating had been done,
he said that there was no record of it
and no means of showing whether there
had been investigation or not.

At the time the Civil Service Commis-
sion had no investigators of its own and
|had to depend on the work of the Com-
} missioners,,who sought to attend to these
matters outside of office hours, and on the
|} work of one physical examiner who was
| called on to do other investigating as he

found opportunity,

| Mr. Creelman became incensed at the
‘questioning before the afternoon was
| over and interpolated a statement in which
| he characterized as a lie the remark made
|by Mr. Buckner in the examination of
Mayor Gaynor regarding an increase in
the rates for burglary insurance in New
York, saying that he declined to be ex-
amined further by a liar; referred to the
reports of the police investigation bureau
as lying reports, called the Aldermanio
investigation a “petty little Republican
ring political affair” and called Alderman
Downing a liar when the Republican
| Alderman objected to such characterizae
tions

Counsel Buckner took up with Mr,
Creelman the names of fifteen of the men
who were recertified by the commission
and appointed by Mr. Waldo after they
had been rejected by Mr. Cropsey on the
| basis of the police investigation bureau's
report. The president of the Civil Ser-
vice Commission was kept on the stand
for nearly four hours, and his examina.
tion was finished, at least for the present,

 

Cropsey Ready to Testify,

Commissioner Cropsey was on hand
ready to testify yesterday, but the in-
quirers did not get to him. He probably
Will be called to-day.
| Richard Welling and Alexander Keogh;
the other members of the Municipal Civil
Service Commission, were called before
President Creelman. The examination
in each case was brief.

Mr. Welling said that he had particl-
pated in the examination of the thirtyeodd
| applicants whose names have been taken

owners want to retain their farms, jue in the present investigation and thas |

%
,

een

H
J
|