Ss

*

VOL. LXVIL—NO. 277,

pANtC TN

poTHA's ADMISSION APTER THE
plonTiNG NEAR JOHANNESBURG,

THE BOER ARMY.

————

force Behind Roberts, However, Is Showing
strength and Seriously Threatens the Ratl-
way Line This May Explain the Delay in
the Advance From Jobannesburg te Pre-
teria, Which Roberts Fvidently Has Not |
pegan-- Confusion im Pretoria ~ Banks :
Fear Attempts to Seize Their Funds,
Special Cable Despatches to Tur SUN.
(From THE SUN'S Correspondent at Pretoria.)
pretonta, Thursday, May 31, via Lorenzo
Marques, June 3. Commandant-General Louis
Botha arrived here a few hours after midnight.
sseen by THE SUN'S correspondent, who
questioned him regarding the condition of |
gfairs at the front. He said that he had been
ip the addle for three days and three nights.
There was fearful fighting on Monday, Tuesday |
and Wednesday east of Orange jrove, three
and a sal! miles from Jo! annesbura, which had

 

Be ¥°

proved d sudvantageo''s to the Boers,

Gen. Botha declared that if the real fighting
Boers numbered only half as many as the
invading force, the British would never have
been able to get near Johanneshure, but
panic and despondency were ruling amonga
majority of the burghers. The conimissariat
was Usorganized, and this inoreasod the dim-
culty of his work enormous'y, Otherwise he

was still hopeful

Purrorta, May 31--By favor of Richard
Harding Davis to Delagoa Bay, June 8, 8:40.
A. M-—Since the of President ,
Krogerand State Secre‘ary Reitz for Lyden- |

departure

burg an extraordinary state of panic has pre-
yailed here. The functions of government

ve been completely suspended.
a

Yesterday's issue of Treasury notes by the
authorities iscondenmned by a majority of the
publicas being absolutely neediossg as over a !
million gold sover igns were shipred from here
the same day for Lydenburg. There is a
bitter feeling among the officials whose salary
checks for May, which were issued on May 29,
were dishonored. This the greater
number of them with their families without
Altogether chaos reigns in oficial cir-

lenves

means,
cles.

A panic was caused yesterday afternoon by a
report that Prosid»nt Krager had ordered the
commandeering of allthe remaining coin and |
gold in the banks for Government purposes. It |
was said that the banks were to be raided at
midnight by a special commando. On the re-
port becoming known the combined banks in-
formed Chief Justice Gregorowski and the re-

maining Government commission that any |

attempt toseize the gold would be met with
jmed resistance on their part. Many of the

dovdyers residing in the city offered to assist |

~yapanks in resisting an illegal seizure of their

the

es ma, Wednesday, May 90, via Lorenzo
Marques, June 2.—The rapid advance of the
British toward Johannesburg was checked yes-
terday, when flerce fighting, which lasted all
day, took piace around Elandsfontein. The
Bokbure and Johannesbure commandos ee |

 

pecially distinguished themselves, performing |
many deeds of valor. They were under Com-
mandan: Ben Viljoen and Commandant Derk- |
ten

Th: Eust Rand Boer Artillery did fearful exe-
cutionamong the British. They had a Long |
Ton: mounted on a railway truck, which they |
man vivred with extraordinary rapidity along |
ther ilway, This gun threw shrapnel a dis
tan of six miles, and its fre demoralized the
Briti-h |
It \s stated here that the British casualties |
exces'od those of any previous battie of the |
war

I) is re, orted that President Steyn and Gen.
Christian DeWet have arrived in the vicinity of
Kroon.tad

A‘orce of Orange Free State Boers are east
of Bloemfontein. They are threatening the
Unes of communteation of the British

Tie troops approaching Johannesburg from |
west of the Rand were repulsed to-day, They |
fetired to Zurbekom, two and a half hours from }
Johinnesburg, to await the arrival of the British
from other directions

One of the highest authorities of the republte,
before leaving here for Lydenburg was inter-
Viewed by the correspondent of THE SUN con- |
Crning the situation, He said that the next
Gourle of days would decide the fate of the
Transvaal. It would in that time either be
Conipletely defeated and have lost its indepen-
deneo, or the British army would have eus-
tained one of the greatest disasters that had
ever vet befallen it. Humanity, he added, was |
about to be staggered in a wholesale manner.

|

Considerable alarm was caused here by a re-
Port, which subsequentiy proved to be false,
that the Makapan and other Kaffirs in the

Wat roere district had become involved in
tribal fliehrs

Tergraphic communication with Johannes-
burg is still intact,

JOHANNESBURG IS QUIET.

Gen Roberta Reports From His Camp Near
the Town, bat Says Nothing of Pretoria.
Speetai Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

P saa June 3—The following despatch
on Gen

War (Mice

OnaASor Grove, June 2, 2:25 P. M.—Johan-
Resbiirg has been quiet since our occupation.
Numbers of people are coming forward to sur-
render thelrarms and ;onies. The only guns
leftin the fort were a 62 muzzle-loading howit-
ter made at Woolwich in 1878 and two 65 mm.
Krupps
c The Queenslanders on May 90 captured a

Tuesot gin and elev) n wagons with stores and

Koberts has been received at the

 

ammunition
‘a “ouimandant Botha of Zoutspanberg, a fleld
ihe sa And 10 other prisoners were taken in

@hting around Johannesburg. Some of

the latier belonged to the foreign and Irish con-
tingerts,”

Tn another despatch, dated June 2, Gen. Rob-

| lle “Owing to the interruption of the
ae Tonly to day received a report that
» Sprage of the Thirteenth Battalion of Yeo-

™, . ‘
AnrY Fas atiacked while going from Kroon-

'o Lindley on May 29. Casualties to fol-

a WAS quiet here last nizht. The shops

= reopening. There seems to be a general
‘n@ of relief oy

Py erhallie ver our peaceful occupation

TWo other despatches have been received

 

' Roberts is waiting at

 

; uine plague in Chinatown.

——$___-

NEW YORK, MONDAY, JUNE 4, 19

 
 

recording the escape of four British prisoners
from Pretoria and deacribing the annexation
ceremony at Bloemfontein,

The War Office publishes the names of nin®
officers of Gen. Ian Hamilton’s command who
were wounded on May 29 and three of (ien.
Roberts's officers wounded on May 80.

FIGHTING BEHIND ROBERTS.

Boers Aiming to Destroy the Railway —This

May Explain Roberts's Delay.

Special Cabie Deapatch to THE SUN.
Lonpon, June 4,—Nothing has been received
from the Transvaal from any source later than
Ge... Roberts's despatches, the latest of which
is dated Saturday, 9:10 P. M. Orange Grove,
from which place Gen, Roberts telegraphs, is a
pleas:ire resort three miles anda half north of

, Johannesburg, and his continuance there and

his silence on Sunday seem to indicate that
Pretoria has not yet fallen. None of the cor-
respondente with his army is allowed to send
anything.

The only other news ts from THE SUN's cor-
respondent at Pretoria, than which there is
nothing later respecting the situation in the
capital. There is the usual crop of rumors from
Lorengo Marques, butso many of them have

| been proved ridiculous by reliable rey orts from
| other sources that all of them may be safely

genored

There is every reason for regarding the stand
the Boers are making in the eastern part of the
Orange Free State as serious for the British,
The fighting there has been heavy and deter-
mined, and it is at least conceivable that Gen.
Oravge Grove until

hiss return = =south
will be unnecessary.

satisfied = that
re‘nforcements

h ’
with

is

| The return of Gen. DeWet and President Steyn

to the vicinity of Kroonstad and the expressions
of the Boer leaders last week sug yest an inten-
tion to deal an Linportant blow. probably aiming
to cripple Gens. Rundle and Brabant and to
destroy the railway behind Gen, Roberts

The latest news from Gen. Buller is dated |

June 1, when the Boers were still comfortably

! settled at Laing’s Nek. Nothing has been heard

from Gens. tildvard and Lyttelton since
they occupied Utrecht and Vryheid, respec-
tively. It is assurned that they may be moving

north toward the railway between Pretoria and |

Lorenzo Marques.
The Times correspondent at Lorenzo Mar-

ques says he learns from arrivals from |
Pretoria that an arrangement has been
made by which the British prisoners will

be placed under an armed guard of British oM-
cers pending the occupation of the capital by
the British. ‘This action is ascribed to Gen.
Botha and Burgomaster De Souza, both of
who have earned th® respect of all classes

SCHREINER MAY RESIGN.

Cape Premier's Plan for Trial of Rebels Op-
posed by the Afrikander Bond.
Special Cable Despateh to THR SUN
From THF SUN'S Correspondent at Cape Town.
Cape Tow, June i, 4:20 P. M.—Rumors are

| current to the effect that d legates of the Afri-

kandor Rond met Prime Minister Schreiner for

the purpose of considering a bill providing for
_ the tral of rebels
' supported by the extreme wing of the Ministry,
disapproved the draft of a bill that had been
' prepared by Mr. Schreiner. It is stated that
\ this action will cause the Prime Minister's
| resignation when Pariiament meets.

The Sanitary Board of the Cane Town Coun-
cll has reported that the complaints concerning
the unsanitary condition of the cap occupied
by the Boer prisoners are absolutely ground-
lea.

PLAGUE QUARANTINE NEEDLESS,

Gov. Gage of Callforata WW Try to Stop It
on the Advice of Dr, Shrady.

SAN FRANCISCO, June 3.--As a result of a con-

 

| ference held after midnight between Gov. Gage,

Dr. George F. Shrady of New York and S. M.

| Shortridge, counsel for the Chinese Six Com-

panies, the Governor will notify the State Board
of Health to make an announcement declaring
that danger of plague from San Francisco
Chinatown Is ended and to warn all cities to re-
frain from quarantining against San Fran-
cisco, He will also use his influence with the

local board of health to have the present quaran-
tine on Chinatown Hited immediately,

Ths action is the result of his talk with De.
Shrady, in which the New York doctor can-
didly admit that the present plague precau-
tions were abaurd and that he had no personal
knowledge that there had been a case of gen-
He ura@ed Gov.
Gage, however, to await until he reached New
York betore issuing this order, but the Gover-
nor made no promises. The Governor has
been much disturbed over the hardships to
Asiatics In Chinatown and the damage done to
this city and State by the plague reports and he
proposes to use all his influence to end what he
considers a senseless scare. If the State Board
of Health refuses to follow his suggestions he
says he will remove the contumacious mem-
bers within a day and appoint a new board.

Dr. Shrady was seen at the close of the con-
ference and he said: “I see no reason why China-
town should be quarantined. It is like quar-
antining a ten-thousand acre fleld to stop the
antining a ten-thousand acre field to stop the
spread of a little prairie fire in the middle. In-
stead of stamping out an incipient blaze, if
there is one, t oard of Health has marked
out a great area and left it to be swept over be-
fore restricting the fire. The quarantine should
be ra at once and the precautions of the
Board of Health should be directed merely to-
ward isolating houses wherein supposed plague
cases have developed. That is the way this
matter would have been handled in New York.
Smallpox cases would be handled in that way
and bubonic plague {s not to be feared as much
by people as smallpox.”

 

RAILROAD WRECKS IN OHIO.

Five Persons Killed Near Hamilton and Three
Near Fremont.

Hamtuton, Ohio, June 3.—A railroad wreok
occurred at $ o'clock this morning shortly
above McGonigle station on the Cincinnatt,
Hamilton and Dayton Rallroad, costing five
Hives and causing a heavy injury to the come
pany. South-bound freight, No. 93, with En-
gineer McClover of this city and Conductor
William Lightsinger of Indianapolis in charge,
was coming down the grade at a speed of be-
tween twenty and twenty-five miles an hour.
The engine was drawing thirty cars, including
the caboose, all of which were loaded except
two with hogs, packed hams, cattle, pig iron,
furniture and buggies. Upon striking a switch
the engine juinped the track and soon the cars
were piledin a heap. Fireman Tim Mahoney
and Brakeman Dave Starkey were found dead
in the débris, and after several hour's work the
bodies of thres boys were dug out. They were

Ambrose Smith. aged 17 and Herman Hansel,
aged 19, who were returning from a dance at
Connersville and were stealing a ride, and John
B, Wrizht, an Indiana country boy.
FREMONT, Ohio, June 38.-Spreading rails
caused a wreck on the Lake Erie and Western
Railway six miles northeast of here at Erlin,
Ohio, at four o'clock this afternoon. The en-
ine and fifteen loaded cars of east-bound
reight, No. 114, with their contents, flour,

 

rain ang lumber, were amashed to anlinters
ind pile a mass of débris fifty feet high. It
was rst reported that the train had gone

through ap open bridge. Enoch Boweer, fire-
man, and John Purte!ll, head brakeman, both of
Lima, were killed instantly, both being pinned
aaee the wreckage. A boy whose name ie un-
known was beating his way on the trajn and his
body Is auppesed to be beneath the ruins.
Engineer Harribel was thrown from his cab
high in the air and came down on top of the
wrecked engine. Bowser leaves a wife and two
children and Purtel, was to have been married
next week, The damage will reach $50,000

 

Absent Minded Octogenarian Lost.

A nicely dressed old woman whose friends the
police desire to discover was foundon Saturday

nightin Fast Houstonetreet. ‘Im Mrs. Annie
Dressler, 83 years old,’ sh» said yesterday in
the police court. “I know Iam lost. 1 am ab-
sent minded and cannot remember where I live
or who my relatives are.” She was sent to the
Commissioner of Charities.

The Leaty
Line Steamer.

—_——— ere

rming on the Da:
wm) Sit civimecmenia Ade

 
 

The delegates, who were |

‘NOTICE TO THE FILIPINOS,

OUR NEW COMMISSION ARRIVES AND
STATES ITS PURPOSE.

—

Te Grant All the Self-Government Consistent
With Stability end Secarity—Suaggestions
Invited From the Filipinos—Our Purpose
te Remain in the Islands—No Juterference
With the Military Government at Present,

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

MANILA, June 3.—The transport Hancock ar-
rived here this morning after a fine voyage,
having on board the members of the new Philip-
pine Commission, The judges of the Supreme
Court were the first visitors to the transport,
and they were followed by Gen, MacArthur's
staff.

The Commissioners landed at noon. Two
companies and the band of the Twentieth In-
fantry and a battery of the Sixth Artillery
escorted them to the Ayuntamiento, where they
were received by Gen. MacArthur. After tiffin
Gen. MacArthur returned the call of the Com-
missioners, and Rear Admiral Remey also
visited thern.

In a formal interview this afternoon Judge
Taft, President of the commission, said it was
not the intention to issuea proclamation, but
the commission recognized that the people
were entitled to know their powers and pur-
poses. He added;

“We have full instructions, and extensive pow-
eras have been givento us. We shall not fully
exercise these powers until we have had ample
time to acquire sufficient knowledge of the sit-
uation to piruceed io evact legisiative changes
andreforms preliminary to the establishment
of a stable civil government. Miltary
Governor MucArthur will continue to per-
form the duties and exercise the powers
discharged and wielded by Gen, (tis,
and even after we take a full and active
part in the government he will continue as its
executive head until, on our recommendatian,
it shall seem to the President that the time has
arrived for the appointment of a civil execu-
tive, waking the military forces merely auxili-
ary to the carrying on of the civil government.
The military will then be available in cases of
| emergenoy for the suppression of lawle’s vio-
| lenee too formidable to be overcome by the
regularly organized police.

“We are aware that there are several issues
| of deep interest to the islanders, upon which
it will probably be our duty to take some
action. Part of these will involve merely
Judicial investigation and decision as to purely
legal rights, while the remainder will require
the careful exercise of polit'cal power to reach
Just and equitable results. Upon these issues
I cannot be expected to say anything in ad-
vance of final and deliberate conclusions.”

Then followed the firat oficial declaration to
the Filipinos of the purpose of the United
States to remain in the islands. It has been
the constant complaint of the natives that they
| have had no authoritative explanation of
| American purposes. In making this statement
Judge Taft expressed surprise that the Spooner
| bill was still unpassed, because it would be
| @reatly beneficial to a satisfactory settlement
of affairs here.

Continuing, Judge Taft said

 

is the purpose of our Government to maintain,
| we are here to do justice to the Philippine peo-
| ple and to secure for them the best Government
in our power and such measure of popular cone
trol aa will be consistent with stability and
the security of law, order and property. We

are civil offe rs. We are men of
peace. The field of our work muat
be confined to the regions where the

armed « nemy have ceased operations
not deal with menin arms, They will be dealt
with by the armv and the General command-
ing. When those now in arms shall liy down

 
 

“Representing |
the sovereignty of the United States, which it |

|

their weapons, relying, as they certainly may, |

| on the justice, generosity and clemency of the

| United States, we shall give them as fulla
hearing upon the policy to be pursued and the
reforms to be begun as we will give to any one
having an interest in the ma‘ ter.

“We have come prepared to make Manila our
| home for two or three years, as the case may
| be, until the task of establishing a permanent
| civil government shall have been well begun.

We invite suggestions from the Filipinos and
all oth rs who have sympathy with our pur; ose
regarding needed changes in legislation and the
| organization of the various departments of the
Government, assuring them that we shall give
| their suggestions careful consideration, and
adopt those adapted to carrying out the pur-
poses of the United States."

The Commissioners will remain on the Aan-
; cook until their houses are readyfor occu-

pancy.

It is reported that a band of insurgents have
| attacked the town of Lotian, Mindanao, killing
| seven and wounding four Americans. The rebels
| ost fifty-seven killed

THE DEUTSCHLAND AGROUND.

German Mail Steamer Stranded While
Preparing for Her Maiden Voyage.
Special Cable Despatches io THE SUN

Kieu, June 3.—The German mail steamer

| Big

The warshirs Odin and ¥gir and the salvage
steamer Seeadler have gone to her assistance

Lonpon, June 4.-No deta‘ls have been re-
ceived here regarding the > tranding of the Ger
man steamer Deutschiand. ‘The Daily Express
says that the vexsel was preparing for her
maiden voyage to New York.

ELECTRICITY TO KILL BACTERIA

 

Vienna Dentist Said to Have Discovered a
Simple Process,
Special Cable Despatch to THR SuN.

Lonnon, June 4 The Chronicle's Vienna
correspondent ascribes to Dentist Zierler while
experimenting at the Hygienic Institute at
Wurzbur@ewhich was the cradle of the X ray,
the discovery of a successful application of
electricity for the destruction of bacteria. It is
declared that the treatment is most simple, the
currents employed being only a thousandth
of an ampere.

ATTACKED BY

AER INSANE SON,

 

Insanity Not Suspected Till He Approached
His Mother With a Razor.

TRENTON, June 3.--Samuel 8, Moore, a son
of Henry ©. Moore, President of the Trenton
Passenger Railway Company and also Presi-
dent of the Trenton Gas and Flectric Company,
became insane at ta fe'ctor this evening
His father, mother and two vounger sisters

were seated at the table in the diningroom
of their home, 136 West State street, when he
appeared from one of the upper apartments
and passing to a position behind his mother
attacked her with a razor, inflicting a danger-
ous wound in her neck, He was ff, the habit
of kissing his mother frequently and when he
approached her the rest of the family thought
that it was his intention to salute het in his

weual way.
His father disarmed him in a momentand phy-
sicians living nearby sewed up the wound th
Mrs. More's neck. The report several hours
after the occurrence was to the effect t)at
she was comfortable and that serious results
need not be apprehended, Her son is 24 years
of age. He graduated from Princeton Uni-
versity two years ago. It is said that he has
been extremely bright and that his condition
is due to overstndy. fle has heen under
inedical treatment for nervous prostration
for some time. When his father took the razor
| away from him he aeemed not to realize what
had occurred. [le has been removed to the
State Hospital for the Insane in Weat Trenton,

= a seni easiest elastance iniciabiasieslataaiasittarctaasnienagiiaeaEts

O'Neill's Mammoth Sale of Hats.
een, are selling Women's Straw Hats cheaper at
O* Neil's than It cost to mae them If you are Going
| to ons ee hat this season this is your opportun-
| ty. oe advertisement 6th Ave.; 20th to 2) a6

Deutschland is aground in the River Oder, |

 

err a

00.-

HT. 1900,

COPYRIGHT.

ASSAULT IN A PARLOR CAR,

BY TH

 

Congressman Samuel B. Cooper of Texas Sued
for 610,000 Damages.

WashINoTON, June 3.—It is expected that
there will be several novel and interesting
questions raised during the trial of the suit of
George G. Barker of Boston, President of the
National Dredging Company of Wilmington,
Del., against Representative Samuel Bron-on
Cooper of Texas to recover $10,000 claimed
as damages for an assault made upon
the plaintiff by the latter. From the promi-
nence of the parties to the suit it may be ex-
pected that the legal fight will be carried out to
a finish, although the fist fight was not. From
what can be learned of the causes which led to
the difficulty there appears to have been a wide
difference of opinion between the gentleman
from Massachusetts and the gentleman from
Texas as to parior-car etiquette. This question
being settled, the right of one passenger to lec-
ture another while aboard a train as to what is
and what is not proper behavior will probably
be made an issue in the court proceedings

In the declaration filed by Mr, Barker on Sat-
yrday in the Supreme Court of the distric
through his attorneys, Cotton & White, none o
the circumstances surrounding the cause of
litigation is set forth. The simple state-
ment is inade that on May 31, while
coming to Washington in a Pullman car on
the Southern Railroad, Mr. Barker was as-
saulted by Mr. Cooper while the train was
Passing through the State of Virginia, From
afriend of Mr. Barker it was learned last night
that the trouble between Mr. Barker and Sir
Cooper was the oytcome of an incident which
occurred while thé gentlemen were fort pey ing
together in the same car from Mobile, Ala., to
thisvity, Just here it: may be stated that the
pertiee had never met before and there was no
ll feeling between then.

As the story goes, Mr. Barker and Mr. Cooper
occupied chairs on opposite sides of the aisle « f
the car. Mr. Cooyer was expectorating on the
carpet of the car near Mr. Barker, and much to

fa annoyance, Mr. Barker, it is said, called the
matter to the attention of the porter, who
placed a cuspidor near where Mr. Cooper
was expectorating. This did not seem to
have the desired effect, and Mr. Barker there-
upon ventured to speak to Mr. Coorer on the
subject. The latter, icis alleged, became very
angry and said that he did not intend tobe
lectured on hisjbehavior by any one,and if it were
not tor the presence of ladiesin the car, he said
that he would resent then and there the alleged
officiousness of Mr. Barker. He made no reply
to the remarks of Mr. Cooper, and the car went
rumbling on its way. An hour or more had

assed, and to all appearances the incident was
orgotien. It was not so, however, as subse-
quent events proved

About an hour before the train arrived in
Washington, it issaid, Mr. Barker proceeced to
the lavatory inthe rearend of the carto wash
hishands. Soon after he entered the lavatory
itis said, Mr. Cooper put in an appearance and
renewed the discussion relativ: to his ex-
pectorating upon the floor of the car it
Is also said that, after expressin his
opinion of the matter and also of Mr.
Barker, he strucl the latter a_ terrific
blow inthe face. Mr. Barker, it is said, did not
return the blow, but called upon the conductor
in charge of the car for protection and also to
arrest Mr. Cooper. The conductor, it is stated,
refused to interfere, and Mr. Barker repoited
the matter to the superintendent of the road,
who is now having it investigated

WOOING WITH A PISTOL,

Armed Suitor and a Frightened Woman tn a
Harlem Flat,

A woman leaned out of a rear window in the
sixth story of the flit house at 15 Manhattan
avenue, yesterday afternoon shouting “Mur-
der!"’ ‘'Police!'’ Detective McManus, passing
by, ran in, made his way tothe sixth floor and
kicked in the door, In the dining room he
found a young man, well dressed and good
looking, beating on the door of the kitchen and
shouting to the screaming woman inside.

“Let me in,” shouted the man, “Il want to
kill you. I'll kill any one who attempts to inter-
fere.”

“Here,"’ said McManus, rushing toward the
man, “what's this row.”

The man levelled his pistol at the detective
and was about to pull the trigger when

Wecane | McManus knocked him down. Then he sat
| on the fellow

and tod the woman in the

kitchen that the danger was yast.
The woman camo out and the three
went to the 100th street police station,

acurious mob following. At th»? station the
woman said she was Carrie Sanger and that she

lived in the apartments in which the row
occurred. The man said he was Ed-
win J. Dawson, a glerk, of 214 West
126th street. },fss Sar@Mr is about 28 years old

and {s tall and good looking. She told the police

that the man had tried to kill her because she
refused to marry him and he was locked up on
a charge of felonious assault, ’ Ff

Atis Manhattan avenue the name on Miss
Sanver's bell sspelled Senges. There ta also
the name of F. Van Houten on the same bell.
Miss: Sang: r, who was particular as to the spell-
ing of her name, tolda Sun reporter that she
had been introduced to Dawson about a year
ago by her sister Fruily. She and Dawson had
been good friends since, she said, and about
two months ago he had asked her to marry him
She had refused, and since then he had
been calling at the house daily, and had
mace life a burden to ber by besqing her to re-
co si-er her answer. He call -d ati o'clock
yesterday afternoon, and she ordered him out
of the house. He came back again and pointed
@ pistol at her. Then -he fled to the sehen
and locked the deor behind her and scr. ame
for help

The police said later that the addrosa Dawson
bad @von as his was the back of the Harlem
Opera House, They also said that his real
name was not Dawaon, but Davidson, and
that he was connected with a firm of flour
brokers in the Produce Exchange. In his
poeseta, they found a silver-t lated flour tester
that bore the initials “FE... Do”

Dawson or Davidson told Detective MoMann
that he had made up his mind that if he cou.
not have Miss Sanger, no one else should.

 

€O/8 SHUT-DOWN,

3,600 Men Ont of Work -Federal Company's
Order Was Not Expected,

Cnicaco, June 8.—Three departments of the
Illinols Steel Company's South Chicago
plant olosed down at 6 o'clock this morning,
throwing 3,500 men out of employment
for an indefinite time. The departments
closed are: Open hearth, employing 2,000 men;
plate mills, employing 600 men; slab mills, em-
ploying 500 men; gas houses, employing 400
men. No explanation was given with the
order. No previous intimation of the action
waa mede by the company, and many of these
who are usually in close touch with its affaira
say that they had not the least inkling that
siich action waa | kely to take place, There
was a rumor to-day that the remaining depart-
ments of the piant will c ose as soon as orders
pow in hand ure _ filled protadly on next Sun-
day morning, This will throw 3,500 more me
out of work.

John J, Mitchell, President of the IIlnoig
Trust and Savings Ba k and the transfer agen
of the Illinois Steel Company, ger he had hear
nothing of the action of General Superin-
tendent Robinson, except what he had read in
the newspapers
i It does not seem probable that such a thing
has been done,’ said Mr. Mitchell

William H. Thompson, Treasurer of the Tl-
linols company, snid he knew nothing of the
shut down or the ciuses that ledto it. E
Buffincton, President of the company, is now in
New York. Other offlcers of the company sald
they knew nothing about the state of affairs at
South Chicago. One of the stockholders of a
relate’) company said he was not surprised that
the mills had closed. He said he was expect-
Ing it

R, )verproduction ts the reason for it, I should
say,” he added, ‘I did not know such an order
had been isaued hy the headof the Federal Steel
Company, but I have been looking forit. The
atev! milis of the country have too much

anufactured product on hand. The prices

ave been too high and the sale of the output
has fallen off. The railroads will not quy rail
at the pricesat which steel has been held an
the result is that the mills must close down.”

ILLINOIS STEEL

Big Batch of Sanday Scorchers,

The bicycle squad bad a fleld day yesterday.
In all they arrested 79 bicye!ists for violating
the speed orc inance, Of these 45 were arrested
in S-dawick avenue alone. One man on an
automobile was also arrested for going too fast,
He was William R. Carpenter of 310 West 1191

treet, who is employed to run the machines
Policeman Jones chased him from 104th to
Ninety-fifth street.

Potter & Kirkham, 57 Broadway, issue gratuitously
the first of each month a book ee eerinee at
Stocks and Honds the previous month and the past
Ove years ~Ade.

—_—_—_—_—_—— i
Srnec issn eslsoshosscmseomrsoseeseepeeneninmememmemamaets

 
  

 

TO INSTRUCT FOR BRYAN.

STATE CONVENTION WILL OBFY
CROKER, NOT HILL.

 

 

The Albany Sage Throw Up His Hands
at a Conference at the Hefman Yester-
day—A. Van Wyck fof Delegate-at-Large
—A Heap of Trouble About the Platform.

The Hon. David Bennett Hill, Sage of Wolf-
ert’s Roost, Albany, has bowed the knee to the
Hon. Richard Croker, Sage of Tammany Hall.
There will be no fight in the Democratic State
Convention in the Academy of Music to-mor-
row between the Hill and the Croker forces
over instructing the New York delegation to
Kansas City for Bryan. This announcement was
made at the Hoffman House last night after
a two-hours’ conference in the rooms of ex-
Senator Edward Murphy. There were present
at the conference besides Mr. Murphy, Mr. Hill,
Frank Campbell of Bath, chairman of the Dem-
ocratic State Committee, John F. Carroll, tem-
porary leader of Tammany Hall; Senator
Thomas Francis Grady and James Shevlin,
Senator Patrick Henry MoCarren and ex-Su-
preme Court Justice Augustus Van Wyck of
Brooklyn. Supreme Court Justice D. Cady
Herrick of Albany wandered through the cor-
ridors of the hotel, but he was not invited to
the conference.

Mr. Hill, Mr. Murphy and Mr. Campbell ar-
rived at the hotel yesterday afternoon. They
were soon joined by Elliot Danforth, Chair-
man of the Executive Committee of the Demo-
cratic State Committee; Senator William Flem-
ing Mackey of Buffalo, Dr. John H. Girdner
of New York city, Representative William
Sulzer, and many others, not forgetting Under-
taker McCarthy of Syracuse,

Mr. Croker had issued his mandate a week
ago that the State Convention must indorse
Bryan and instruct the delegates-at-large to
Kansas City and the district delegates from
the State for Bryan. Mr. Hill had said tnat
“he was willing that the State convention should
say a kind word for Bryan, but the delegates
must go to Kansas City uninstructed. Mr.
Murphy with his nine delegates from Rens-
selaer and fifty-seven of the sixty-three dele-
@ates from Kings were at Mr. Hill's back. But
it has been suspected for three or four days
that the fifty-seven delegates from Kings were

laying possum with Mr. Hill, and the same
148 been Said of Mr. Murphy and his nine dele-
gates from Rensselaer, Those acquainted with
the situation were quite convinced yesterday
that Mr. Murphy had been fooling with Mr.
Hill, for they recalled that in the campaign
of 1996 Mr. Murphy was heart and soul for
Bryan and really believed that Bryan was to
be elected,

Anyway, it was decided the first thing yes-
terday. a/ter the arrival of Mr. Hill, Mr. Murphy
and Mr. Campbell at the Hoffman House that
a conference wan peceanaty. It was hastily
called and Mr. Hill soon fearned enough to
make him throw up his hands. So, it was
promised, the convention will be a Bryan con-
vention in every respect except possibly
as to the platform The lelegates-at-
large, it was said. are to be Mr. Mi Mr.
Murphy, Mr. Croker and ex-Justice Van
Wyck. though it was said that Mr. Hill may
hold to the threat his friends have made for
him, to wit that if he was to be sent to Kansas
City instrueted for Bryan he would stay at
home. This threat was again in the air last
night, but how authentic it may be was not
ascertainable, It was also deciared that Mr.
Van Wyck may be ‘let down easy” by being
ojacted a delegate-nt-larga and then giving
place to James Shevlin or Senator MeCarren,

Coneerning the platiorm to be adopted by
the convention there may be friction, It was
discussed yesterday afternoon at the con-
ference. It is Mr. Hill's idea that the platform
shoould be a mass of labyrinthian subterfuges,
should sound Bryanitish and yet not really bo
so, and sbould Jingle bimetallism something
after the fashion a fir. ae japous Elmira
speech, But the real friends of Bryan in the

tate demand the reaffirmation of the Chicago
platiorm of 1896. There is a threat hanging over
this Democratic State Convention. Two weeks
ago the Chicago jpratiorm Democrats held a
convention in the TeatoniaAssembly Rooms an
adiouraed to meet againon Wednesday, shot
the regulars refuse in their convention to
indorse the Chicago platform of 1896. Shoul
the regulars refuse to come up to the bull rip
the Chicago platform Democrats are to cond
a contesting delegation to Kansas Citv. A con-
ference of Bryan men is to be held at the Grand
Union Hotel this evening. Calvin E. Keach,
President of the Bryan League No. 1 of Troy ,is
the moving spirit of this conference. Norman
E. Mack of Bulfalo and his Erie county follow-
ers are to come to town to-day. Mack has had
consultations with Mayor James K. MeGuire of
Syracuse and other red-hot Bry an-( hicago
platforin Democrats, Mr. Hill, however, wants
to be chairman of the Committee on Resolutions
in Tuesday's canvention, and he la very much
averse to any ( hieago platform indorsement,

The Hon. Wharton Barker, candidate for
President of the Middle-of-the-Road Populists,
called wpon Mr. Hill yesterday afternoon.
Mr Barker reiterated what he sald in. Cincin-
nati- that his nomination would take from
Bryan 2,000,000 Populist votes which went to
Bryan in 1806, furthermore that his nomination
meant the sure defeat of Bryan at the polls
and finally that it made Bryan's nomination
tt Kan City exceedingly doubtful. Mr.
dill and Mr. Barker had a very interesting
consultation,
The presence of Representative Sulzer
esterday afternoon precipitated gossip as to
ice-Presidential possibilities. It was bated
that the Democratic State Convention on Tues-
day will not indorse any New Yorker for Vice-
President
uneerianer McCarthy of Syracuse said yea-
terday:
“Some acalawags up my way, knowing me
to be the personal friend of Bryan, the thought
to nominate me for Vice-President No Sirree.
I immediately got a siroular giving the ticket
to be nominated at Kansas City. Undertaker
Met arthy showed his circular which begins
this way:

BRYAN AND TOoWNF!

Charlies T. Towne is an ideal running mate for
Bryan. The pollticlana have been trying for
forty years to elect a Democratic President, and
hav fa'led Now give the people a chance and
they wil! elect a Democratic President and Vice-
* President It has been, from a politician's stand-
point, ‘the people be damned."

The undertaker said that since his arrival in
town he had for the first time beheld the manly
form 0’ Representative Sulzer, ‘So I have con-
cluded,"' he sald, ‘to seratch out Towne'’s name
and put in its place the name of me old friend
Sulzer and in printing my circular you will, sir,
make the correction. jere are some further
extracts from the olrcular:
In the time of our Saviour there was one Judasin
twelve, now there |s one in three.
Let the leaders of the State of } York under-
stand if they throw Bryan over this fall they will not
have a Democratic Governor In twenty-Ave years.
On the contrary, if they do their duty, Bryan will
carry the State by 4 large majority, for he ts the
people's choice.

There ave leaders in the Democratie party who have
no more use for Bryan than the devil Dae for a saint
It was genefally believed that the alate here-
tofore printed in THE SUN will@othrough: Ex-
Assemblyman John T. Norton of Trov for tem-
»orary chairman of convention and Elliot Dan-
orth for permanens chairman, Just who Is to
control the new State Committee to be named
by this convention is a problem. The Hill men
are laving pine for control and should ther win
Mr. Campbell would again be elected chairman.
Mr. ( arppen alao holds the place of Democratic
National Committeeman for the State, He aaid
yesterday that he was not a candidate for reélec-
tion to that place, A story was atarted to the
effect that Ex-Senator Murphy would be elected
Nationn: Committeeman,
fle promptly put a quietus upon it by de-
claring that he would not accept the place.
The Democrats were a oe nonpluased yea-
terday when they received word from Ned
Gilmore as to just how long they could have
the Academy for their convention. Mr. Gil-
more said they could sit on Tuesday from 11 in
the morning to 5 in the afternoon, but that a
theatrical performance was on for the even-
ing: also on Wednesday the Democrats could
have the Academy for two hours in the morn-
ing, but that there was a matinée perform-
ance for the afternoon.

MEAT BILL PROTESTED.

British Ambassador Sends a Note te the Ger-
' man Foreign Office.

Special Cadle Despatch to THR SUN
Beruin, Junes.—Sir F. C. Lascelles, the
British Ambassador, has presented a note to
the Foreign Office complaining of the treatment
to which Australian canned meat will be sub-
jected under the Inapection bill.

On Here: OW at St. Louts.

Wabash luxurious Bew through car
ee ese ae June 2 at 10:00 A. M. Sally airiving
St Louis 2:00 P. M. west day Tnexce! meals
reasonable rates. Unriv soonery.—Ade

 

 

E SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

¢

COP HURT TO SAVE A BABY.

Throws Himself in Front of a Bioyole
and Keeps it O@ the Child,

Policeman Coyle returned to his post
in Central Park ,yesterday, after five weeks on
the sick list as the result of being injured in a
Collision with abicyclist. Inthelasteix months
he has been run down and hurt five times by bi-
cyclists.

Half an hour after Coylereported for duty he
was escorting a woman with a baby carriage
across the East drive at Seventy-seoond street
when hesaw two boys approaching on a tandem
at top speed. He shouted to them to slow up
but they didn't. A hansom prevented his get-
ting the baby carriage out of danger, so he
stepped in front of it and received the full
forceof thecollision with thebicycle, He was
knocked down, badly bruised and had to go

 

home onsick leave again. The boys on the .

tandem were arrested. They said they were
Bernard (ohn, 15 yeare old, of 296 East Third

street and Louis Joseph 14 years old,of 147 Stan- |

tonatreet. They weseputincareof the Gerry
society for the night.

 

MURDERER LUTZ WONT TALK.

He Has Been Silent for Seventeen Days, Ever
Since His Conviction,

WILKEs-BARRE, Pa, June 8.—Jail Warden
Jackson and the keepers of the county prison
would like some one to tell them whether the
condemned wife murderer, John Lutz, is try-
ing to drive himself insane. They are mysti-
fied by his behavior. Ever since the verdict
was given on May 17 he has been dumb. He
will not speak to the keepers, he turns his back
on visitors, he glares at reporters. Pleaning.
eating and sitting silent on his cot is his‘dally
routine, relieved every morning by half an
hour's walk up and down the corridor. There
he pulls his hat down over his eyes and plods
along. He is ignorant and he does not read
60 that his tho ghie are his only companions.
He is in a pad ed cell. He has been silent
tor seventeen days. The defence during his
trial was insanity, but only one juror out of
the twelve believed it arid after holding out
sixteen days he signed a first-degree verdict
against his expressed conviction. It is on
this ground that a new trial will be asked. Lutz,
80 some who have seen him believe, is trying
to drive himself insane by his continual silence,
in the hope that undoubted insanity may save
him from the gallows, or in the event of a new
trial may get him acquitted.

OARSMEN UPSET.

Five Members of the Ocean Yacht Clab Swim
a Mile to Brooklyn.

Five members of the Ocean Yacht Club of
Stapleton, Staten Island, had a narrow escape
from death by drowning yesterday in the
waters of the upper vay. They were John Holi-
but, 21 years old; Irving Stap'eton, 21 years old;
James Dunn, 26 years old; Otto Schroeder, 24
years old, and James Schoen, 25 years old.
They had accepted an invitation extended by
the Windward Yacht Club in Brooklyn for a
dinner yesterday, and in light rowing costume
started out yesterday alternoon to go there.
They went in a 40-foot four-oared shell, Schoen

acted as coxswain. They got across the main
channel all right, but just as they did so the
wash of a passing steamer upset the shell and
all five men were in the water

They shoute: for help, for the Brooklynshore
wasan ile away, but the people on the steamer
aid no heed hen they started to swim for
t. They all got to shore, but every man was
greatly exhaus ed. When ther reached the
club of the Windwards, dry clothing was fur-
nished them, and they ate and enjoyed the

dinner. .A naphtha launoh went out, and after |

an bour’s search tound the sheil and towed it

back to the clubhouse.

 

COPPER STRIKE IN EAST ORANGE,

M. B, Wallace Thinks He Has a Benanza at
the Bottom of a Well.

East Oranas, N. J., June 8.—-The discovery
of ailver and copper ore !n a well on the property
of M. B. Wallace of 23 Grove street has aroused
considerable interest. The discovery was
made when a well, which had gone dry, was
deepened. Workmen, cutting down ten feet
through solid rock, carted mostepf the débris
away, but one piece, weighing about a hundred
pounds, was placed in front of Mr. Wallace's
office, which adjoins his house, as a stepping
stone. Mr. Wallace noticed that there were
greenish spots on the stone, and when a piece
of copper ore taken from a mine was shown
to him a few days ago, he was impressed with
the similarity between the stones. He sub-
mitted a plece of his rock to the Kalbach Smelt-
ing and Refning Works in Newark, and the
assay showed that it contained 5.50 per cent.
of silver and 9.80 per cent. of cone. Mr,
Wallace, who is 83 years old, has not decided
how to mine his silver and copper, but he says
he will begin to take out ore as soon as he can
secure the facilities.

RAILROAD STATION WRECKED.

 

Three Barrels of Gasolene at Baychester Ex-
plode—Station Agent Injured.

The large frame railroad station at Bay-
che-ter on the Harlem River branch of the
New Haven Railroad was wrecked at 1 o'clock
yesterday by the explosion of three barrels of
gasolene which were in the freight room con-
signed to the Westchester Country Club for
running automobiles and naphtha launches.
The station agent, Edward Whitehead, was

badly burned about his hands and head, The |

building took fire and the Park Hotel adjoining
the station was saved by the prompt action ol
Patrolman Fward Rogan and Roundsman
Maher of the park squad, The policemen
formed a bucket brigade from a band of fixher-
men and excursionists gathered to watch the
blaze and emptied al) the water from several
cisterns and wells on the smoking hotel, _Ye--
terday afternoon the railroad company fitted
up a box car and sent it to Baychester to take
the place of the burned building

TO FIGHT THE PAPER TRUST.

A Company Formed in Wisconsin to Contest
for the Western Market,

 

APPLETON, Wis., June 3.—The General Paper
Company of Wisconsin, which was incorporated
at Milwaukee last week with a capital stock
of $100,000, held a meeting here on Saturday at
which was represented every mill in Wiscon-
sin now manufacturing print and manila papers.
An organization was perfected by the election
of the following officers: President, J. A. Kim-
berly, Neenah; First Vice-President, N.H. Bor-
kaw, Kaukauna; Second Vice-President, George
A. Whiting, Neenah; Secretary and Treasurer
L. M. Alexander, Milwaukee. The company
re: eg about oe raeed Is, Lip “ -
mitted, but not openly avow purpose of the
company is also to fight the Internattonal Paper
Company. or so-called trust. for possession
of the Western market, on which the Eastern
trust has been vigorously encroaching of late

——__ -—_ __ ———

WOULDN'T GET CP TO MARRY THEM.
Magistrate and Aldermen Tura Away at Night
a Would Be Wedding Party.

City Magistrate Charles A. Flammer was
awakened a little after midnight yesterday
by some one ringing his door bell, and when
heatuck his head out of the window and asked
what was wanted hesawamanandtwo women

standing ou the stoop.

“Judge,” said the man, pointing to one of
the women, “we want to get tied up. Will
you do the job?”

“I'm very sorry,” said the Magistrate, “but
some of the official papers that I need are at
the court. I suggest that you go to the West
Forty-seventh street police station,”

The three went there and Sergt. Brennan
sent them to the home of Alderman Muh at
613 West Forty-seventh street. Muh was
in bed and refused to get up. He referred
them to Alderman Metzger who lives at 353
Weat Forty-second street. This is an apart-
ment house and the midnight visitors could
the Alderman's bell. as

not get inside to rin
the front door waa locked, It is not known
what became of the party after that. All
three composing It were well dressed.

Fast Train for St. Louis
Via New York Central--Pie Four Route. Leave
Grand Central Station 5: © P. M., arrive St Louls
9:60 negt evening. Close @a rection for Kansas City.
No ex0009 fore.—,

 

 

Pair to-day ; to-morrow filr and warmer.

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

    
 

SUNDAY RIOTS IN ST. LOUIS,

ANOTHER SHOOTING AND MORB
DYNAMITE USED BY STRIKERS,

 

 

Explostve Put in @ Cable Slot~Mob Attacks
Persons ‘Who Ride om the Street Cars
—Posse Ordered to Report This Morn
ing—Ammanition Will Be Distributed,

Sr. Lovis, Mo., June 3.—The twenty-seventh
day of the street car strike was marked by @
shooting, the blowing up of part of the Olive
street cable line with dynamite and the assault.
; Ing of a number of women and their escorts /or
\ having ridden upon the Transit company’s

cars,

Peter Frank, 16 years old, a painter, wag
mortally wounded by a shot fired from the rear

platform of a Tower Grove car in South 8t,
| Louls. A mob,were stoning the oar when one
of the men on the back platform pulled @ ree
' volver and fired three shots, one hitting young
Frank in the left breast.

Early this morning an explosion at Maryland
and Boyle avenues startled the neighborhood,
Examination disclosed that dynamite had been
dropped into the conduit at a curve, breaking

iron yoke, shattering the conduit and, peare
ing up the tracks so that !t was impossible te
operate cars over thein all day,

A steamboat excursion was advertised te
leave the foot of Lesperance street this morne

ing, end many took the o nit:
for a day on tnd Fiver, riding tot ee o

the Southern — eleotri cars over
As they alighted, sina

Broadway line.

and in groups, they were asea

men and women strike s rinpathiaers. 6
Cooper was serioiisly tnjured by the mob

half a dozen cases women were knocked dow
A ot

and their clothing partielly torn off.
caii was turned in and the poiice soon
the streets.

The First Missourt Volunteers, summoned
last night, reported at the armory this morne
ing, but some one had blundered and members
of the regiment dispersed without being able to
ascertain who authorized the call or its pure

po:e.

The posse comitatns thus far sworn in, 666
strong. drilled to-day. They were put through
the “hay foot, straw cot _movemen\ seq after

ward, when the Winchesters were distributed,
| undertook the manual of arms. Augustus A,

Busch and Anthony R. Faust, with others, were
subpenaed to-day, sworn in and assigned to
Company B, Judge Fisse captain in command.

All lines, excepting the Olive street, were
operated to-day, the Fourth street cable alone
giving but two hours’ servioe.

The posse comitatus has been ordered to ree
port for active duty to-morrow morning at
9 o'clock, when ammunition will be distribu

 

ESCAPING THIEF KILLED,
Police Cornered Three on a Root and Twe
Fell,

One burglar was killed and one was seriously
injured and, with the third,was captured in try~
ing to escape after an attempt to rob Mayer
Robinson's clothing store at 2001 Second avenue
before daylight yesterday. Robinson heard
the thieves at work. They ran when they
heard Robinson getting up. Slipping on some
clothes, he chased them toward Third avenue,
Half way, Policemen Sherry and Bliss joined in
the chase, The three burglars ran into 211 East
103d street and took to the roof,

Two other policemen followed them upstairs,
while Sherry and Bliss went to the roof of 205 East
103d street,the last tenement in the row, hoping to
head the burglars off if they were not caught.
When they reached the roof one of the fugitives,
James Smith of 1871 Third avenue, ran into the
arms o! Policeman Sherry, The other two
were not visible. After a while the two were
seen trying to descend on_a clothesline
which is close to the wall of the house.
called to the men to come back or he wo
shoot. Just then the man on the pole nearest
the top lest his balance and fell, striking the
ascond thiel and both dropped into the yard
the rear of Post Office Branch Station U,
The policemen hurried down stairs, tore down
an &-foot fence which they found in theirYway
and reached the prostrate thieves. One w
dead; the other lay on his face seriously injur
internally.

The dead man was removed to the East 104th
street atation, where the body was identified as
that of Alexander Crow of 12 West 112th street,
| The injured man was taken to the Harle|
| Hospital. He said he was William Dickson o
210 East 108d street.

Two negresses who live on the top floor of the
| house nearest which the men fell say that they
| heard a struggle on the roof just before the
| bodies struck the ground, It sounded, they

said last night, as if some one was pushed or
thrown down, and somebody as he fell cried:
“Oh, mamma!" Dickson's mother heard the
stories of the two women and she went to her
son in Harlem Hospital and asked him if the
tale was true.

“I guess that's right, mam!” he sald, but
wouldn't say any more,

The policemen deny that the men fell from the
roof and stick to the clothesline pole story.
Smith waa taken to the Harlem police court and
was held for examination.

 

 

 

 

 

TAYLOR'S RETURN TO KENTUCKY.

 

‘Republicans Regard It as Necessary to a Sue
cessful Campaign This Year.

INDIANAPOLIS, June 3.—Former Governor
Taylor and Charles E. Finley held a conference
with leading Kentucky Republicans here to-
day, including the Postmaster and United
States Marshal of Louisville, the subject
under discussion being the return of Taylor
to Kentucky to atand trial on the indictment
found ezainst him at Frankfort, It develo
that there are a number of prominent Republl-
ecuns in Kentucky who are opposed to Taylor
} making the race for Governor 60 rong 08 heise

refugee from the State, and these base their

objectiona wholly upon policy, saying (hat the
| party would be at @ great disadvantage w

ita candidate, was under indictment and was
remaining away to avoid arrest.

Others beiieve thut Tavior can be olented
apite this condition, but all conce' that he
| would be stronger if he would return and me e

his fight for vindication in the open. The

Governor now has the question Une
der advisement, with the chances in
favor of his return. to — Kentuoky,
One of his visitors said after the conference that
he did not believe the party would rally to Tay-
lor’s support with enthusiasm if he were nomte
nated and did not return to make a fight for the

office.

“Such a thing,” he said, “would be un
| edented and I question if he can be even n
| nated unless he returns and stands trial.”

 

TO EXTRADITE NEELY.

Governor Signs the Warrant—Neely'’s Counsel
Wilt Fight in the Courts.

OysTER Bay, June 3—Goy. Roosevelt has
signed the warrangof extradition for C, F. W.
Neely, who is aceused of embezzling postal
funds at Havana, and for whom Governor
General Wood sent a requisition. The warrant
was signed on Saturday and forwarded to
United States District Attorney Burnett,

Mr. John D. Lindsay of Neely’s counsel said
last night that he would rest the extradition
of his client

“LE suppose,” he said, ‘that the papers will be
sent in the customary way to Capt. MeClusky of
the Detective Bureau, and As soon as we ge
official notification trom him of the existence o!
the papers we will beginour fl@ht againat them.
| Both the federal courts and the State courts
have jurisdiction in such cases, and I do no
care to state 1o whieh court I will first apply.”

BRITISH FLURT MAY VISIT US.

Admiral Bedford Thinks of Stopping at Bar
Harbor and Possibly New York,

Ha.irax, N.S., June 8 —Admiral Bedford will
take the British fleetto Bar Harbor if he can
arrange the dates so that they will not confilc
with his trip to Quebec and Montreal. This wil
likely be Inthe latter part of this month. He
may extend his trip to New York

 

Mr. Rockefeller Able to Read and Converse

TARRYTOWN N. Y., June a.--William Rockefel-
ler pissed his first Sunday since he was operas
ated upon for appendicitis very pleasantly. He
ate a light breakfast and then read
the newstapers. The operation w per-
formed last Monday. He is still cone
fined to his bed, but he passed the day hap-

ily with his family around him hat he suf-

ered a great deal at the operation was \@
known to-day when he was talking to one of his
riends. He said after the operation was over

6 did not care whether he lived or‘not. Dr.
James is atill with him.

 

al

1p te 4

Fn

oe

See _

a

7