en

| ee

oe ee ee

 
  
 

,

 

TIONED THE GCOVERVOR

Other Proceedinus Afoot “the Governor Will
Se> the Attorney-General This Morning
and Dectde What to Do About It The
Reference May or May Not Go On To-day,

gninst

 

 

Bummonses, suits and petitions
Mayor Van Wyck and the Americantoe Company
appear to be multiplying, Each of the two
news; apers which are orivinatine then prom
fees a new one for to-day,

Meanwhile ea h of them bas lodged with Gov
Roosevelt a petition for the Mayor's removal
The ship news reporter signs the World « te-
tit on, which was rushed to the front on Satur-
day. ‘The Journal lode dite petition yesterday,
tune pro nunc, to reverse legal phrase ‘bhe

document does not take effect, that ts, until to- |

day, but Is good for te-diy's paper
> Benjamin Il’ Binsten, as attorney for William

R. Hearst, went to Ovster Kay and formally re= |

quested Gov. Roosevelt to remove the Mayor,
on the ground that while the Mayor was a stock~
holder in the American Tee Company the com-
pany entered into contracts with the city to
furnish i¢e to certain city departments and also
executed certain leases by which the company
acquired pier privileges along the river fronts,
to the exclusion of other ice dealers. In sup-
port of these charges Mr. Kinstein submitted
several affidavits sworn to by persons alleging
themselves to know that the Mayor had done
these things in violation, aa a'leged, of the fol-
lowing provision of the charter:

“No member of the Municipal Assembly, head
of a department, chief of a bureau, deputy
thereof or clerk therein, or other officer of the
corporation, shall be or become directly or in-
directly interested, in or iathe performance of,
any contract work or ain, or the sale of
any article the expense, price or consideration
of which is payable from the City Treasury, or
any asseasment levied by an act or ordinance of
the Manicipal Assembiy

Among the other documents submitted to the
Governor by Mr Biuswin was the complete
list of the stockholders of the American Ice
Company, some 9,000 In all. It was pointed out
to the Governor that the pames of Rob-
ert A. and Augustus Van Wyck = ap-
pear on the list as having acquired stock
fn the company over and over again,
The object of Mr. Einstein in presenting this
list to the Governor was to give the latter a
basis for summoning a special Grand Jury to
take up the case of the Mayor, with a view to
securing his indictment for the misdemeanor, !f
such it is, of owning stock in a company that
bas entered into a contract with the city

Gov, Roosevelt allowed the papers to be left
-@ith him, but deferred examining them. He
said:

“Lam willing to listen to anything that may
be presented on the subject of the Ice Trust,
but; ositively I will take no action without con-
sulting the Attorney-General, He has the mat-
terincharge. Ishallhavea consultation with
him to-morrow. Tt is my intention to visit the

tate camp inthe morning and I -hall see the
Attornoy-(ieneral some time to-morrow "

As was stated in Tum SUN ves'erday, under
section 122 of the Charter the Governor may re-
move the Mavor in the same manner as he may
remove Sheriffs, ‘except that the Governor may

direct the Inquiry provided by law to be con-
ducted by the Attorney-Gen ral, aud after the
charges have been received by the Coversor he
ay, pending the investigation, suspend the
layor for a period not exceeding thirty days.’
Section tof article X. of the State Constitue
tion provides that the Governor may remove a
Sheriff “within the term for whieh he shall have
el ,givine to such officer a copy of

the charges against hin and an opportunity of |

nw heard in his defence '
ction 2¢of the Public OMcers’ law provides
that “the Governor may take the evidence in
Any proceeding for the removal by him ofa
ublic ofieer, or nay direet that the evidence
be tanen efore a duetice of the Surreme Court
the district or the County Judge of the
ey, or before a Commissioner appointed by

Governor"
The contents of the stock transfer book of the
. Arperican lee Company have not yet been made
le

P he taking of testimony, uno which the
Attorney-General hopes to be able to secure the
unulment of toe certificate under whieh the
merican Ice Comnany does business in this
fate, ware suspended on Saturday afternoon
+ Referee Myer Nussbaum voatil tela morning
at t1 o'clock, Mr Nusshanim said vesterday
ternoon thathe would bs in tis office in the
utual Life Building this morning ready to go
on with the hearing at the time designated,
notwithstanding the writs of — prohibition
granted by Justice DP, Cady Herrick of Albany
on Saturday afternoon Justice Herrick ’s
writs simply protibited the examination of

cers and books of the Ainerican lee Con. |

ny before the referee They did not, hesaid,
revent the examination of all other witnesses
hat might be subcocnaed Ther fore, uniesa
something unforeseen occurred, the hearing
would go on, just as if no writs had been

rants .

“But,” said Mr. Nussbaum, “it may be that
neither aide will want to take further testiniony
until affer the date when the order to show
, couse why the nrohibitory writs should not be
made permanent is returnoble That wi'l be on
MextSaturdiv Ifthe Attorney-General or the

i @ttorneys ior the comrany come hefore mein
fre morning with a motion to adiourn the hear-
na, } will, of course, hear ar@uments on sucha
motion and grant it or deny it as seems to me
proper, It is not essential, however, for the

urposes of this hearing, so far as T can jude,

4 t testimony of officers of the ice conipany
Rhouid be taken or that other books of the com-
-pany should be produced before the referea

reoord of transfers of stock is already in
vidence and cannot tewithdrawn, Tt sceoms
me that the Attorney-General micht reat eon.
tent if he obtains no further evidence, docu.
tary or other, from the company '

r. Nusabium also said: “IT permitted the
fansfer book to pasa into the possession of the
ttorney-General and the attorney for the
owrnal for the purposes of examination, on
a peverance of both that its contents should

not be made public TL took {t for eranted that
eagreement would be observed. It should
borne in mind, however, that the book and
Ay copies of it are still court records, and I
niend to take stepa to-morrow to have the

Kk and any copies of it returned to the ena-

of the court, whose ofleer Lam, and in the

itdre T shall ‘ake .d care that the dignity of

the court ix net imoatred by any such proceed.

ngs as have attended the production of this
fer book i: evidence."’

TRUST ICE ALL

SUMMER?

 

ft Seems to Be Unlikely That Proceedings Can
Finish Before Fall,

ALAANY, June 3.--Attorney-General Davies
returned here this afternoon from New York
oity and will remain tn Albany until to-morrow
Hight. The two writs of prohibition against
the examination of oMflcers or books of the
American Ice Company, granted to Mr. Wileox,
the attorney for the ice trust, by Justice Her-
tok yesterday, have not yet been served upon

Attorney-General. To-morrow he will

look into the effect of these writs in staving

\ before the referee. Of course

writs do not prevent the examination

publication of any of the contents of the

f the corporation which were produced

fore Referee Nussbaum before Justice Her-

anted the writs.

le the Attorney-General did not care to

talk for publication, it was evident from, his

conversation to-night that he does not believe

the work of securing evidence agninst the Toe

Trust can proceed before Referee Nusshaurn

until the constitutionality of the Donnelly

Anti-trust law, under which Mr. Nussbaum fs

ing. he been passed upon by the courts

twas likewise evident that the Attorney-

ral Gon not believe (hat the constitution-

y of the law aan be passed upon by the Court

of Appeals befere its October term. Mean-

while it would appear that the Ice Trust can go

ahead and do business all summer and make its

profita for the vear at least before the courts

will in a position to determine whether or

not this corporation comes within the purview
of the Donnelly Anti-trust law

LABOR MEN HOP ON THE MAYOR,

 

Former Friends in the (. F. U. Now Abuse
Him Because of the Ice Business,

The Central Federated Union, in spite of

protests from Tammany delegates, hauled the |
Mayor and other city officials over the coals |

yesterday for their alleged connection with
the Ice Trust. The subject was brought up
by the offering of the following preamble a
Pe anus by Joseph Barondess . ae ay
Whereas, The Ice Trust of thi¥elty, embracing the

Mayor of the e'ty, many other oMcebolders and the
of the political ring of this elty, has been proven
1 “a in its attempt to rob the poor of New
eas, Organized \abor has d manded the tm
mediate efeetion of a municipal ice plaat, which bas
com the Board of Aldermen to appoint. a com
OF the purpose of ascertaining the advicabl'l y
bullding of such a plant; and
» The Board of Aldermen, through some
ene influence, has voted againat the proposal
Ll lee plant;
Resolved, Tha

1 we mow bi
ection of the Loard of Aldermen as dctngna ae

WANTTNE MAYOR REMOVED pao of wo

TWO NEWSPAPERS, NOW, HAVE PETI-

     

 

—

 

 

the welfare of the working class and th» citizens tn
general,

Philip Kelly of the Theatrical Protective
Union, a Tammany man, moved that the matter
he laid over for two weeks, “The case is still
before the courts,” said he, “and it is unfair
ty say that the Mayor is guilty before he ts
proved auilty

“No matter what the courts may say, it does
hot change the facts," retorted Barondess
“The Mayor is a public offi-eholder and should

——

 

|
|

bever have become party to a trust of the crimi- |

nal nature of the Ice Trust. It is contrary to
al publle poliey to allow the Mayor to dabble in
seh things,”

Barondess said he had a strong suspicion
aa to What the mysterious power was behind
the Board of Aldermen, withough be could not

{ prove his suspicions. ie did know an Alder-
Man Who spent $1,800 every year for his election,
althougo lus salary was only $1,500

Peter Connolly of the Bridge Tenders’ Unton,
another Tarumany man, wanted all reference

to the Mayor and the city officals stricken |

out, and dames P. Archibald, Tammany, op-
posed the resolution strongly, "We have
nothing to goby,” he said, except what we have
| read in one of the most sensational newspapers
the world las ever produced.” Archibald,
in conclusion, held up his hands dramatically
‘ and asked the delegates for God's sake rot
to make fools of themselves \
Deleaate O'Brien of the granite cutters ine
aistod that the resolutions were not strong
enough, “Even ff sowe of the newspapers
are sensational,” he said, “they have the bulwe
on the city officials this time, My experience
| is that most politicians are ready to do any-
| thing from whieh a dollar can be got
; ‘The motion to lay over for two weeks Was
and = resolution

defeated and the preamble

were carried,

POLITICAL NOTES,

 

The first election In the Greater Troy, «s created by
the reeent Legislature, will take place in November,
The present Mayor of Troy is Daniel 2. Conway,
whose term expires on ee, 31, 1901.

 

New Mexico haa had a tersttorlal organization since
September 1850, By the Federal census of 1800 @
majorlty of tte allen inbabitants could not speak
Finglish. There were 4,500 Mexicans In New Mexico
by that census,

 

The Republican State Commitiee in Ohto expects to
reduce considerably the Democratic representation,
now efx, nthe Pitty seventh Mouse. Inthe Third oF
Dayton district, Brenner, Democrat, had two years
ago 122 plurality. Lentz had 702 in the Twelfth or
Columbus divirtet, and John McDowell in the Seven-
teenth or Coshoeton disaict nad $,990

There have been lively times, polliically, in Mon-
tana since the report of the Senate Commitee against
the admission of Senator Clark and the ascendency
of the Daly faction, The Republicans under the
leadership of Senator Carter are encoucaged to be
lirve to @ prospect of their success and the situation
has been further complieated by the activity of the
Socialists 41 Montana, whose organ, a paper pub
lished fi Butte, declares that the Soctalist Democratic
party, with Debs and Harriman as iis Presidential
ticket, Is spreading rapidly. The Soctalists of Gireat
Falls have applied fora charter, and branches have
also been organized in Helena and Bonner,

 

The city has renewed al arental of $0,600 for two
years (ts lease of the premises in the Stewart Building
now in use by (he Sheriff's oMce. There are seven
oMfives, and the rental for the new term ts the same
asis now pald.

 

The terms of all the New York State Senators ex-
pire with the close of the present year, and there ts
already talk of the nominuation of one of them for the
office of Lieutenant Governor on the Repubdliiean
} teket Among (he Senators so talked of are S nator
Higgins, of Olean, wio expects to be succeeded by
Speaker Nixon, Senator White of Syracuse, the
authorof the White Clvtl Service law, and Senator
Stranshan of Oswego, who has obtained the
formal indorsement of the elty municipal ad
ministration for the treatment tn Albany of many
New York measures ty which there was opposition
by the local Republican organization. It seems im-
probable, however, Judging from preeedents, that the
Repndlierns will seek a Lieutenant Governor from the
number of those Wio were members of the last Sen
ate. A Lieutenant Governor ts usually chosen with
reference to Reomraphical, rather than personal
grounds, aud all three of the candidates named to
succeed Mr, Woodruff are residents of districts so
| strongly Republican that small polluecal benefit
would come by the extension of a nomination for
Lieutenant Gorernor to any cf them.

 

Up to date there has been more shooting as a pre

liminary tothe Presidential election of 1800 among the

| Alabama Republicans than among the Kentucky
Democrats, an unusual condition of affairs.

 

This year's appropriation for the expenses of the
New York Department of Insurance ts $201,000,
Last year's expenses of this department were $181.-
000, of whieh $85,000 was for salaries The ex
penses of the State Insurance Department are pro
vided for by collections from the insurance com-
panies. The esitmated receipts from this source during
the fiscal yeatebeginuing Oet, 1, 1409, is $280,000,
From banks, for the expenses of the Banking De
| partment, reeeipts of $85,009 ere estimated, from
| railway companies for the Ratlroad Commisston
$75,000, and from the gasiizht companies for meter
inspection, $11,000, cael

!
| The number of laws added by the last Legislature,
; with the G vernor’s approval, to the statutes of the
State of New York ts 775, a larger number than
| usualin recent years. It ls computed that there are
\ 5,000 new laws passed by legislatures In the United
| States each year, exctusive of constitutional amend-
mente and of the laws adopted by Congress.

|

Silas Wright refused the Demoeratic nomination for
Vice President in order that he might be the party
| candidate forthe office of Governor, He was the party
candidate for the latter office and defeated Millard

Fillmore for Governor. But Fillmore afterward
| became Viee-Pres'dent and, later, President of the
United States. Wright attained nether honor,

 

 

 

Nearly three years have elapsed aince, with many
preliminary flourishes, the Codperative Common-
wealth Democracy, with J. B. Walker as its leader,
was establithed in this eity for the purpose of over-
throwing the domination of the present city adminis-

tration and of turning over the control of clty affairs

| ton “revived Democracy” on Bryan principles, Mr.

| Walker baring been one of the Bryan candidates for
Electors in New York inthe Presidential contest of
1496. Since then nothing has come of the organiza-
thon, and its falturs to materialize poltically is as-
eribed to the same sinister Influence which prevented
John N. Parsons from getting together the $100,000
which he promised for the Independent Labor party
last year if it it would nominate candidates, as it did,
for sundry offices, None of the candidates so nomi-
nated was elected. Few of them received any sub-
stantial support

 

The withdrawal of B. F. Shively as a Democratic
candidate for the office of Vice President on the
Tiryan Uecket this year leaves the field clear, so far as
Indiana ts concerned, to Thomas Taggart, the present
Democratic Mayor of Indianapolis, who, If nominated,
1s expected to bring to the support of the Bryan ticket
the favor of some gold Democrats,

 

The Democrats of New Hampshire who have not
| heretofore taken @ very prominent part tn the
direction of party alfoirs have come forward
reerntly to tndorse unqualifiedly and unreservedly,
asthey sas, the Chica@o platform cf 1896, in whole
and in detail, They have denounced “the
| kingsas Ww llasthe trusts,’ which they call criminal
and whieh they deelare “are forcing untold miilions
of tribute from the laboring MAsses to swell the cof
fers of plutoeracy.” It might be inferred from these
extravagant and intemperate declarations that the
| Democrats of New Hampshire propose to retire from
active politics business and were indifferent to party
results. ‘This, however, is not the case, In 1896 the
Bryan vote of New Hampshire was 21.659. Two
years later the Democratle candidate for Governor
polled in the State 35,45) and the Democrats of Now
Hampshire are expecting a vote of more than 40,000
for Brya) this gear

| During the first three months of 1990 the numb r of
Hoenses issued in New York by the Bureau of Licen
sesinthe City Hall was 3.078, the revenue derived
from them being $25,590, The borouth of Rich
mond, It would seem, dots not contribute much to the
city’s revenue in the matter of Ueenses for during the
three months of 190 the total number of b censes ts
suied to residents of that borough was twenty nine
only and the revenues collected from them were $123,
The expenses of the license bureau in Richmond for
the same period were $675.

 

Southern candidetes for the nomination of Vie»
Pre identare by no meansrarein Repub tean National
Convengons and alr ady, in advance of June 19 In

Georgia Repubtesns ti thelr Mareh convention in
Atlanta hiving recommended that a Southern candi
dote should be pineed on the Repubttean tleket with
Mr. MeKtnley, and the North Carolina Repubtt
cans having indorsed Jeter Priiehard for that oMce
In 1%96, HM Clay Rvaneof Tennessee was the ccna
dete raost favored for Vice President o1 the Repubii
can tletet, and In 1888 the eendidate most favored
was W. 0. Bradley cf Kentucky. There was no
arimated contest over the Vice-Presidential nomina
tion to the Republican conventions of 1880, 1884 and
1692,

 

 

 

REPUBLICAN PARTY'S BIRTH

TUE PHILADELPHIA CONVENTION TO
ASSEMBLE ON i178 NATAL DAY.

 

Fach of the Fourteen Survivors of the Con-
vention Which Novinated Fremont for
Prestdent Forty-focr Years Age Is Ine
vited to Attend This Year's Convention,

Wasnaros, June’ -To Willem Paul Wer-
and of Pitt*burg, is due the suggestion rhatit
would he a pleasing feature of thix vear's Re-
publican National Convention invite and
honor there the survivors of the frst national
gathering of Repullicans held at Pittsburg on

Feb. 22, 1868, and later at the convention h ld

in Philadelphia on dune 18 of the same year,

The idea met wiih the xprroval of Senator

Hanna, who has sent th folowing letter to

each of the surviving delegy tes

“The Republican National Conmittee pres
sents its compliments and congratulations to
you as one of the few Rypublicans, now living,

to

| who purticipated inthe Repubiican conventions

ausitsntaanomncienibiinghiaattsinaniemanashiniiahaiaeliiia ‘ - camamets a = septate een RE NREL ceEnELE

a

| City, for documents and plan of werk,

money |

Philadelphia, # veral names are being considered. the |

|

of 1856 at Pirtabury and Pailadel) bia, and on
behalf of the delegates to the coming Republi
can National Convention, extends to you and to
yoursurviving associates in those historicevents
a cordial invitation to be present at, andoccupy
aseatuponthe platform of the convention,
which meets on June 19, 1900, in the city of
Philadelphia.

“Nearly half a century has elapsed since you
participated in laying the foundation of the Re-
publican party. You have witnessed its mag-
nificent growth froin a popular vote of 1,541,264
and 114 electoral votes cast for Fremont in 1856
toa popular vote of 7,104,779 and 271 elec toral
votes for McKinley tn 1x96; and therefore the
Republicans of to-day profoundly ap; rectating
the work of yourself and other pioneers of our
party will feel honored by your distinguished
presence, and we assure you @ [0st cord al
welcome”

So faras known there are only fourteen sur-
viving delegates. ‘Their names are: The Hon,
John Howard ( Kyan, born 1907, lives at
Princeton, Tl; the Hon. W. Penn Clark, born
1817, lives in Washington. D.C. the tion, Sid-
ney Edgarton. born 181%, lives at Akron, Ohto;

the Hon. Allen A. Craig, born 1820, lives
at Corry Pa: the Hon Charles G
Davis, rn 1820, livea at  Piymouth,
il; the Hon, 8. PR. MeCalmont, born

182%, lives at Franklin Pa; the lion, George H.
Frey, born 1825, lives at Springfl la, Ohio, the
Hon. Rush R Sloan, born 1828, lives at San-
dusky, Onio, the Hon, Radcliff Brinkerhoff,
bern. 1828, lives at Mansftle!d, Ohio; the Hon.
Jacob Wevand, Beaver, Pa. the tien William
A Cook, Washington, D.C; the Hon, Wilham
S lane, Philadeipiia, Pa.; the Hon. William H.
Upson, Akron, Ohio; the Hon. Kk, M Stiapson,
Marietta, Ohio

Twenty-seven States and ‘Territories were
represented at the mass convention andat (ne
Natio al Convention, June 18, 1856, teld in
Philodelphia. At the tine of the formation of
the Republican party political chaos reigned in
nearly all parta of the United States. The
great issuesof slavery and States rights were
being discussed as thay had never been before
and serious thinkers of all parties felt that the
saivty and welfare of the nation were ar stake

Old Lafavette Hlatl, in Pittsburg, where. the
mass convention was formed, is now demolished,
its «ite being ocoup ed by the Tradesman’s Na-
tional Bank The conve tion was informal,
the delegates showing no credentials. Iorace
Greelev, editor of the New York Tribune,
made one ot his famous speeches ure n
nioderation and that a convention be hele
later to nominate eandidates for President and
Vice-President. His advice was followed, and
the first Republican National Convention met
in Philadelphia on June 18, 1856. This year's
Kepublican convention will be held in the same
city, just forty-four years later

SILVER AGITATORS ACTIVE

Campaign Opened by the United States Mone-
tary League at Kansas City.

Lincoun, Neb, June 3. -If any belief exists
in the minds of Eastern Gold Democrats that
the silver propaganda is dead, they may learn
their mistake by sending to the United States
Monetary Learue, Altman Building, Kansas
In the
past two weeks the west las been flooded with
circulars sent out from headquarters, These
circulars profess to aive a full history of the
movement in behalf of bimetalisia and prophesy
vietory next fall. They are part of the “cam-
paign of education,” as they modestly admit,
Subscriptions from silver mining interests of
Colorado furnish the money to pay for the print-
ing and distribution. Only last week an ap-
peal for $1,000 was printed in the Denver papers,
and the response was very prompt

At the head of the league is J. L. Woods
Morrill, who has been sent out by the executive
office at Denver, The claim is made in these
ereniars that the league has a membership of
680,000, and the he expressed that by Now
vember it wili reach 2,000,000 \ printing plant
will be establi-hed at Kansas City, and the
league will devote its efforts to the East. The
plan of organization adopted is called the
‘Mormon plan, State organizations with
headquarters will first be established, It will
be the duty of thoee in charge to organize county
leagues and these in turn will organize town-
ship leagues, ;

he “Coin” Harvey plan of raising money in
Nebraska last year was quite successful, and
a part of the funds thus -ecured will be devoted
to pushing silver. The league officers insist
that the money question is far from settled,
and their campaisn is being condueted on the
basis that the people of the East have never
had the opportunity presented of thoroughly
etydying the money question,

The Denver News, recognized in the West
as the organ and mouthpiece of the great sil-
ver miners, in a recent editorial sald, comment
ing on the attack of three leading Eastern
illustrated weeklies on silver very point-
ediy: “Their simultaneous and bitter assault on
Mr. Bryan and silver shows that those who
eontrel them are well aware that the money
question is the ehief issue of the campaign,
even though other issues inay play an import-
ant part.” The Democratic papers of the min-
ing States have adopted the same attitude
toward the question, and Colorado Democrats
propose going to Kansas City for the purpose
of insisting upon silver being specifically men-
tioned, and will not he eontent with a simple
reaffirmation of the Chieago platform.

 

  
 

Se

IMPORTANT JUDICIAL CONTEST,

 

 

Political Make-Up of Kentucky's

Court May Be Changed

Lesineton, Ky, June 3. Delegates to the
Kentueky Republican Convention to nominate
a candidate for Court of Appeals are here from
the southern and eastern parts of the districts,
There are twenty-four counties interested,
There promises. to bea hotly contested race
between Kdward C. Orear of Mount Sterling and
Judge Burns of Solyersville, The district at
last election went 3,500 Republican and the Dein
ocrats almost concede the comin election, but
os name an Opponent to the Republican nom-
nee,

The election of the Republican candidate will
give that party a majority on the Appellate
bench and may result in the overthrow of the
Goebel electionlaw if itis still on the statute
books when the new Judge takes his seat. The
convention will meet on Tuesday

AGAINST SENATOR Krum,
Independent Republicans Will Nominate Ex-
Assemblyman Gardiner.

AuseTERDAM, N Y, June 3. -The Independent
Republicans of this city met on Friday evening
and held another meeting last night and
started A movement to nominate FE. Watson
Gardiner by petition as thy Indep ndent Re-
publican nominee for Senator of the Twenty-
seventh district, Tt requires 1,000 signatures,
‘The present Senator is Hobart Krum, Repub-
lican, of Schoharie, and he will be renominated
early next month. without opposition. The
Deniocrats of the district announce that they
will indorse Mr Gardiner as the indenendent
Kepublican nominee, Mr Gardiner was elected
to the Assembly trom Montgomery county by
the Republi ans in t893 and 1a95,

Highest

 

TO RUN

SNODGRASS FOR SENATOR

Tennessee's Chicf Jnstice, Whe Fuvors Keeping
tre Philippines, Opens Mis Camomaten
CHATTANOOBA, Tenn, June 3.—The Hon
S Snodgrass, Chief Justice of Ternecann
preme Court, who is a

Ww
Saye

Demoeratic can idate

for the United States Senaie, opene! hie came
paign vesterda t Clorkasvile. He saittiat
the Taived Staies could not constitucn nile

Arendon the Puilforines, that thew are ours by
reli of purchase an conquest and that Con.
eoess has ne const'tu jon ) right vo free its
reonie, Inenewet © Nationa: Democratic (on.
Vv ntlon edo ts an anti-expansion platfors a
sil that hewould work for a constitutional
‘ oking it possible for Cer
fr ‘

yendi ert
ip: ine

ee the Ph

, t
grivss to

 

 

CARPET CLEANSING,

yy 826 Tth Av., Near’ thst,

Fath. V4), Tel, 21 2 Rt) Bt
fond for Clrebing,

T. M. STEWART.

THE SUN,

 

> <~SESS

a

Gt

; ebyavinan

MONDAY, JUNE 4,

TNE LESSON FROM 1OWA. |

Futiity in a Canvass of Unpatriotte Appeals
to American Electors. |

There are 526,000 yoters in Lowa, of whom,
by the last Federal censts, 265,000 were natlye-
born and 100,000 wer: naturalized electors.
Of the latter considerably more than one-half |
are Germans and nearly «ne-half of the ree
mainder are Seaudinavians. Natives of ed |
other countries contre bute yiaterially to eT

     

 

 

foreign-born voting population of lowa, Hol-

iand and Scotland, and the importance of the
“foreign vote,” as it is sometimes callkd, in
lowa Is due to the fact that the German-born
residents of that State who are naturalized voters
are found chiefly in the cities of the State in
which the political changes are most frequent,
and during the prohibition agitation the de-
fection of these German-American voters |
from the support of the Republican — candi-
dates accounted for the temporary eminence
of Horace Boies, Democrat, Governor and can-
didate for President of the United States,

The Democrats of Jowa in their State Con-
vention at Des Moines in August, 1800, made
the experiment of a direct appeal for support |
addressed to the German-American Voters |
of the State in the fellow clause of their |
platiorm, “We condemn the war against |
the Filipinas, believing it to have been inspired |
by Great Britain for the purpose of introduc. |
ing conditions which will foree an Anglo-Ameri- |
cai allance. And we expeess our detesta- |
tion of the attempts made in British fintesests |
to disrupt the friendly relations which have |
uniformly obtained between the United States |
and Germany.”

It was not seriously asserted at. the
this declaration wes adopted that the s« -
tude of the Democrats of lowa and their Pcju-
list allies and associates over the relations
between the United States and Germany was
otherwise than felgned, but the expectation
based upon its adoption waa that many of the
Gerinan-Ameriean voters of the large cities
of lowa would not be proof against such an
appeal, and would be led to return to the sup-
port of Democratic candidates tor whom they
iad had no use in the national election of 1896
As a similar appeal has been advocated by
some Democrats at the Kansas City Convern-
tion of this year, it has been thought worth
while for some towa men to make inquiry
into the results of this appeal to Old World
prejudices.

The effects of this appeal were disastrous
to the Democrats and Populists, Gov. Shaw
having been chosen at the Nead of the Repub-
lean ticket by a macority of 56,000 In the No-
vember election, Davenport is au Towa city
which has a considerable foreign-born popus
jation, Two-thirds of its foreign-born voters
are Germans. Davenport is in Scott connty,
the Republican vote in which was 0 larger
in 1899 than it was at the State election of two
years before,

Dubuque ts another Towa city which has a
considerable German-American population,
The appeal of the Des Moiies Convention, how.
ever, was without affect in it as bringing about
any change in the result. Sioux City has a
foreign population, mostly made up of Scan-
dinavians, but the fear of an Anglo-American
alliance did not distress its voters much, for
in Woodbury county, of which Sloux City is
the chief place, the Democrats gained only
© compared with the previous State election,
and the Republican gain was 900

Des Moines, the capital, and the city at which
the Democratic declaration was adopted, has
a considerable foreign-born population and in
Polk county, of whieh it is the chief place, the
Republican vote tell off 100 compared with the
previous State election. The Democratic vote
fell off 1,400

There are 26,000 natives of England and
18,000 natives of Canada in Jowa and a larger
proportion of Welshmen than in any other
State of that part of the eountry, but the
termining factor in lowa’s polittes, as in other
States, and as the figures of the 1890 election
showed are the voters who, whether native or
naturalized, are, before all else, Americans,

 

GORMAN NOT AN ADMIRER OF BRYAN

 

Working to Prevent Sending an Instracted
Delegation to Kansas City.

Battimonr, June 3.-Former Senator Gore
man is very solicitous over the outemoe of the
Democratic State Convention next Tuesday.
The free silver element, led by 8.8. Field of
this city and by his friends in the counties, ine
sisthupon an instructed delegation for Bryan,
while the regular organization, now controlled
by Senator Gorman, oppose what they term
tagging the delegation, Gorman is not now
nor has he been at any time an admirer of
Bryan. Besides he fears the effect at next
year’s election, when a Legislature will be
elected which must elect a siecessor to Senator
Wellington. The vote of the Gold Democrats
in this State are needed and should the organiza-
tion come out openly for Bryan, Gorman fears
that this element will hold him responsible and
show its displeasure at the polls. [tis an open
seeret here that the Maryland leader does not
believe Bryan can win, and while he would not
object to the delegation to be sent to Kansas
City voting tor the Nebraskan, conceding that
his nomination is assured, he insists that
Maryland is not for Bryan and that therefore
the delewates should not be instructed

He will have a time of it, however, contro}-
ling the State Convention. The rank and tile }
are solid for Bryan and some of the county |
leaders have been compelled to antagonize Mr

 

Gorman in omer to gaintain centrol. The
ds ates are about ev@ply divided, without
counting Baltimore eiff, which holds three

district) conventions to-morrow. The silver
people claim two of the three distriets, So
does the organization. Gorman’s friends ara
working everywhere to win over votes, and
the State Convention promises to be quite ine
teresting.
ATTACKS

WOMEN VOTERS.

 

Colorado = Prohibitionist They
Failed to Work Any Reforms.

Denver, Col,, June 3~-Ministers and women
were conspicuously absent from the Prohi-
bition Convention in Denver yeeterday, and
John Hipp, one of the leaders, severely ar-
raigned them for steadfastly voting the old
party thokets and helping to keep open saloons,
brothels and gambling bells,

“More than one hundred of the clergymen
of Denver,” he said, “were informed by spe.
cial notice that there would be a Prohibition
Convention here to-day, and yet T see but two
preachers present

“Another class that ought to be here to-day
in large numbers is the women the good Chris-
tian women of the community. Several \ ears
ago, TL remember before the women were ac.
corded the ballot,they used to say, ‘Oh, give
us the right of suffrage, and we will show how
the saloon can be put out of existence.’ Show

|
|
|
|
meathinefhey have done, They have belped
|
'
'

Says Have

tedeen, the State, and that redemption was so
disgraceful a redemption that nobody ever
speaks of it now, Ever since that time they
have been voting to redeem silver.”

 

MRS, RONALDS*REGLID DEAD,

Was 79 Years Old When She Married a Young
Actor Six Years Ago,

Mrs. Charles Franclyn Reglid, who was Mrs,
Thomas Lorillard Konalds until she married
the young actor, Reglid, in isos, died early
on Saturday morning of Bright's disease, at
45 Fifth avenue, When MPs, Reglid contracted
her second marriage she was 73 years old and
her husband was 27, He was the son of a
Brooklyn grocer named Dilger, went on the
stage, changed his name to Reglid, which is
his own name spelled backward, and made a
suceess in light comedy parts, He was with
Angustin Daly's company for several years
and afterward played With Hosina Vokes,
Mrs, Ronald's first husband was a cousin of
Pierre Lorillard, the second of that name, She
was reputed to be a very wealthy woman, had
A town house at 61 West Forty-fifth street and
a country place at New Rochelle, The latter
place was built by her Orst husband and she
ved there with him for about ten years before
her second husband was bern. In the winter
of 1804 Reglid was seen very much with Mre
Ronalds. She had a box at the Metropolitan
Opera House and he shared it with her on opera
nighta, The couple also frequ lr were out
together. The wedding took + lace ‘at the N
Rochelle house end was rerforn

A number of guests ¢
after Uw wedding ar

  
  
  

 

 

recention

 
     
            

 

eri merrena fre Tt wea tat tho tine
that theo ave her young husband a wed-
ding uift ¢ ”. Thoy have lived most of
wat th % FRe wil house whieh ts |

1 “Ayenal.” But little has been of
Realit during the past year or ty, », but |
Kieglid hat been a conspicuous figure on the

roads, usually driving a fast horse and riding
in a vellow turnout

 

Confessed That He Murdered Mls Brother,

Conemars, S.C, June 3 On Thursday meht
Perry Gibson did met return to his home in
Mariington and his brother Jute announced that
Perry tad rone on a trip to a nolghbori 1
From a confession juet mado by Jule
wanhe killed his prother on 4] fav and |
hid tie body in the woods Op idav night
he tinto the woods with a oeart, tincled tha
hal md buriedit ina en ton fleld ihe

of the Portal ¢ ind the bedy it

 

ity

 

 

aver ines

ed resulted in dul’ G.bson'e arrest

Male of Tollarmade Suits ot O'Neill's

Thetr adveieenent nthts paperwi give you full

dell. Read. It will interest DA Ula *
On. aie at you ire s

   
 

| anees of the ears wh

1906.

  

  

—S——--

TRAFFIC AChOSS TOWN
Pron ors concnontiv® THE STREET

RAILWAY COMPANY.

ania
Hlectric Sterage Battertes
—Some of the DiMcelties (a :
of the Compressed Ale  Care—Usder-
ground Contraction Across Town too Costly
At « recent meeting of the stockholders of
th Metropolitan Street Railway Company
President Herbert {. Vreeland announced
that electric storage battery cars were to be
put into serviee soon upon the Thirty fourth
This showed a change
r earlier in

‘to Be Tried Next
the Operation

Street crosstown line.
of plains previously announced, fo

| the veor Mr, Vreeland had said that the Thirty:

fourth street line was to be equipped with the
uuder trolley, One reason for abandoning this
plan is the increased difficulty and cost of under-
ground corstruction on cresstown streets,
due to the mass of pipes, mains, &e., to be cut
or passed over or under, Mr. Vreeland’s an-
nouncement waa also significant as showing
that the compressed air motor cars on Twenty-
elzhth and Twenty-ninth streets had not met
all the requirements of crosstown traMec

The cost of building an under-trolley line
across each avenue has been found to be equal
to that of building a mile of straight track.
Except for the most busy erosstown routes this
cost is prohibitive, and yet frequent crosstown
lines are imperatively needed, No one is more
anxious to get rid of the old horse cars than
the raflroad managers, for these cars cost to
operate in this elty about 16 cents a mile, whereas
electric ears cost about 12 cents, The actual
cost of moving the ear by electricity ts only about
ope cent a mile, The fest, is principally for
the conductor and motorman, If overhead
trolley wires were permitted in Manhattan
the horse car would long ago have disappeared.
As {t is, the search of the street railway com-
panies for some independent power with which
to operate cars, which began years ago, has
not yet resuited in the finding of a satisfactory
mechunical substitute for the horse, Another
iine where independent motors are much needed
is that which runs close along the waterside,
where under-trolley conduits would frequently
be Mled by the tides, This is the Belt Line

 
 

|

{

|
|
}

|
!

Por many years the apparent — possfbili-
ties of compressed air as a power have
engaged the attention of clever invent. |
ors and in some fields the work of

hese men has been suceessful, In mines, in
workshops, in shipyards and pon engineering
works, it does a wonderful variety of work, driv-
ing many sorts of ingenious tools and machines,
In entering he field of street car traction econ-
omy Was the chief problem. The first serious
loss in using compressed air, is at the com-
pressor, As the ai is compressed it develops
great heat and this has all to be wasled away
in coolers through which water circulates
Every bit of heat thus lost means a loss of power
and the heat compressor ean only return ip air
about 87 per cent, of the power whieh it takes
to run it. When the cooled air was first. tried
to run cars it was found that the care not only
required a great storage capacity to give them
the desired radius of action, but that the ex-
panding air leaving the engines, produced sur n
a degree of cold as to condense great quaib-
tities of water from the atmosphere and gather
this in ice about the exhaust pipe until the whole
machinery was frozen up. To obviate this it
Was proposed to heat the alr as it went from the
storage tubes to the engines, and this is the sys-
tem now in use

From the beginning there never was any ques-
tion about the ability of compressed air to run
acar or ‘bus, It operates through engines like
thove used for steam. Experimental cars were
built and ron for a long time on the 126th street
Jine of the Third Avenne road and on the Lenox
avenue line of the Metropolitan, The results
which seemed to be produced by these were
what encouraged the Metropolitan people to
undertake the experiment on a large scale on
the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth street
routes A ble air compressor was ordered at
a cost of $80,000.) This was installed in a build-
ing at the foet Of West Twenty-fourth street
and twenty-one eare were put on the route. A
repair shop was opened, and the line was put
en nearly as possible upon a regular workin
Asis,

‘While the company was operating only two
air cars up on Lenox avenue,” said President
Vreelind, in speaking reeently of the isarger
experiment, “nobody could tell how) much
work the enrs were actually doing. What I
wanted was to put them on an important line
where the trafic was heavy and have them carry
the whole traffl< Then if they failed in any
way, not only the company but the public would
Ienow it.”

The difficulties met in operating these cars
have been numerous and have also been ine
structive

“The use of air compressed to 2.500 pounds
to the square inch,” says President Vreeland,
‘presented problems which were brand new
for both the makers of the compressors and for
use in the ears. In ordinary compressed air
machinery the air is used at pressures varying
from 150 fo 6) pound There is a vast differ-
ence between the bandling and control of air
at 59) pounds pressure and air at 2,500 pounds
to the square inch

“Although there have been troubles with the
cars themselves, the whole number of cars has
never been disabled at once and the numerous
shut-downs of the line have never been because
of these, It was the compressor that caused
the withdrawal of the air cary

“This big machine is capable of supplying
air for about eighty cars and it does its work
in four stages. The air is drawn first into a
eylinder whieh corgpresses it at about forty
pounds pressure. Froni the cylinder it passes
fo a cooler and thenee to a seeond cylinder
which brings the pressure to about 180 pounds,
It goes now to a second cooler and thence into
a cylinder where the pressure is increased to
860 pounds to the aequare inch, then to a third
cooler and then to the fourth cylinder, where
the full pressure te secured, Now it goes toa
fourth cooler .uad thence into a battery of
steel tubes, where it is stored until it is drawn
into the storage tubes in the cars.

Vp to the third stage of ie compression
all was plain sailing and within the practice
well known to the users of compressed air.
With the alr half as thick as water and straining
under a pressure of housands of pounds to the
square inch to get free. the slightest defect
in a valve would cause trouble and a number
of the shorter shut-downs were due to jugt
such mattera One of the most SOT LOUS dow
deats came from an unexpected cause. The
coolers are slinply coil of copper pipe through
which the air flows, while outside and within
a jacket, flows the cooling water. One day the
third cooler, where the pressure was 850 pounds
to the ineh, burst with tremendous effect, wreck-
ing everything about it, It was found, upon
examining the wreckage, that under this tres
mendous pressure, the coiled copper pipe had
shown a tendesoy to straighten out at each
preaatipa of the engine pee this had caused
be coils of the cooler to slide one over another

at each stroke of the compressor, Tils had
continued until a weak place had been worn
in one of the coils and this had burst. This
stopped the running of the air cars for more
than two weeks,
: A later wreck, which also caused the with-
crawal of the air cars, was caused by a careless
twotorman who started to run his car out of
the charging room opposite the west Twenty-
third street ferry, withont disconnecting it
from the pipes, Helped by the straining ear
the compressed air burst the pipes like a « larica
of powder and spread havoe all about. For-
tunately no one was seriously injured,

The cars had no sooner begun running under
the heavy traffle and hard conditions of the
crosstown line than they began to belie the
records which had heen made of their earlier
performances, With full charges of air
ears had run enteen miles on the Lenoy
avenue and 125th street routes. The reun
frin on the erosstown line is less than eight
miles, but the motormen found that unless
they were very careful of air, their cars would
die on the route and have to be pushed in.
Changes have now been effected in the prow
es Of reheating the air and in improvi
the valves of the engines and the valve which
reduces the pressure on the car from 2,800
pounds to 150 pounds for the engines, until
the cars are now safe to makeat least one round
trip with a single charge of air and frequently
have made two trips. Now Mr. Vreeland
says thé whole lot of cars is to have entire
new machinery as the result of the expert-

 

  

 

 

 
 

ment. Lt has been announced that th

t 16 Metro-
politan Street Railway Company has made
A contract for 128 mote cars and that other

lines are to be equipped with then

1 i Tt ¥ Vrew
land savs the contract has been made, but it
is coupled with conditions as to the perform-
Ieh he thinks it i -
ble to fulfil at rrosent ne Oe ore

in mt p the ne tual cost of minning and operat-
uz r-, OWer cars for the sear, Mr. Vpeee

We Pianto Show

You a Constant changing exbidl-
HOM Of Woolexs that wil) make cur
claim <6 feadersh p so apparent
thsi U cannot, im fairness, be
Qucsiioned, Our part is done.
W: leave the judgment to you.

Burtiharts Philips

cus'om Cailoring Only,
Cemp.¢ Court Annex, uo Massaw $t

 

 

 

, system was suggested by Mr. Vreeland for

 

' Motors and controllers have been perlected,
; and the storage battery itself seems to
only part of the outfit to be tested in this ser-

 
   
 

— <n

Our advertising has been discontinued lately is simply because we found it abso.
lutely impossible to fill our orders, although running our factories night and
day. Increased facilities have enabled us to catch up in a measure and we are
again prepared to promptly furnish anything from a small house safe to a bank

vault, all of the sem: “Old Reliable” Hall’s Standard, sold for sixty years,
Also a large line of second-hands, cheap.

Hall Safe Co.

KINSEY, RAINIER & THOMSON,
GENERAL AGENTS,

393 BROADWAY, N,V.

  

 

 

and say's the figures have not been made up, and
that they would be of little value in any case
as a guide w regular operations. He does
not think, however, that air power cars will
ever successfully compete with eleetricity for
economy, and he does not think they will ever
be used tor any of the up and downtown lines
of the company. The experiment with the
cars is, however, to be continued while beside
it will be conducted one with storage battery
electric cars.

This will not be the first time that storage
battery cars have been experimented with
in this city. Twelve or fifteen years ago the
Vanderbilts were induced to try the Julian
system on the Fourth avenue road, and it is
said that they sunk a great deal of money in
that venture. winee then, however, many of
the conditions incident to success have changed

Spenceria

  
  

Vertical Stee! Pens

have the latest improvements for writing the ver
tical system, Samples sent on receipt of retury
postage. Ask for svos.37 and 5-2Ve iad Len

Spencerian Pen Co., 849 Broadway, N.Y,

  

ye the

vice, A few years ago, when the Electric
Vehicle Company first Legan running electric
cabs, the storage batteries were found to be
liable to give out at any time, and few lasted
more than a few weeks Since that time, if
is asserted, the batteries have been so !m-
proved thas a year's use can be counted npon For cha‘ing-dish and Invalid cooking.
m them.

Alr-power cars are ing operated on the

North Clark street. line in Chicago by

the same company that owns those in this

cits

m nvlt to morning, while the cable line is
S Oppe! and the results are declared to be

tory

France has the most extensive and successful
air power street lines of vehioles, ‘The General
Omnibus Company of Paris runs four of its
lines by this power and has done so slpce 184,
Three of these lines start from the Louvre and
branch off respectively to St, Cloud, Sevres
and Versailles, while the fourth runs from St,
Augustin to Vincennes, The total length of
the lines is thirty and a half miles, The three
1in@s from the Louvre are operated by air loco-
motives, Eaelh draws from three to four cars,
Wilh seats in each for fifty-gne persons. The
St. Augustin line is worked by moter cars,
each weighing fifteen tons and seating fifty per-
sons, The lines are worked by air at a pressure
of 1,160 pounds to the inch, and as it is impos-
sible to carry air enough at this pressure to
make the trips. a pipe line extends along the
routes, amd the motors stop at various stations
Recharging takes three minites
This

Gives strength and delicions flavor to
eo ~ and sauces and makes delicate beet
tealnstantly, Geuuinewith blue signature

 

to recharge .
for the air and steam for reheating it
Rellef From Torturing Belts
and Springs
{s found In our patent truss with automatic pad, whteh

Sinks deeper ig instantiy and holds at stratniog s
ments, when ordinary trusses would allow cane
Indigestion and constipation must yleld to general
wood health, established by normal conditéon of the
many parts. Relaxed museles (the cause of ruptures
are contracted by natural support and action of our
pad, Justas Nature heals a woud. No cutting elas
les, no leg straps, no heavy springs

CHAS, CLUTHE CO.,
20 East 14th St, bet. Sth Ay. and Unton Sq., N.Y.
hook PREE

—_ OO ee
was thrust a blade that might have seemed for.
nidable enough had it not been so recently a
factor in the kitchen econemy of the com-
muter’s household, That none of these tacts
was noticed or suspected was due to the polioy
guarsece by the young captain, who conceived
hat thus early) ii his adventures a proper ree
ward tor his own safety
cise Of extreme cauuon
“Give me but a tew hours the start of them,"

he soliloquived, “and I'll defy them,” and «et

New York.

‘That will do very well,” he said, “for any
place where you can afford to stop your cars
en route for three minutes, Go out On Broad-
way and stop a car for three minutes and see
how far the block will extend! We can not
afford to put any sources of delay on our lines
Some one suagested to me the need the other
day of more cars on the Madison avenue line,

‘Co up to Fourth avenue and Twenty-thirg
str +’ T said, ‘and wateh the cars cross each
otler there in the busy hours. Tf, when you
have done so. vou can tell me how to get another
car across within the time, T will put it on and
put on as many as you can tind roomfor.’”

The service required tyere is only froin

 

INDIAN HUNT CALLED OFF,

Capt. Harold, Aged 0, Is Tucked Up in His
Little Bed.

The shades of night were falling about the
commuter’s home. It was a time of anxiety
and dread to the commuter's wife for two rea-
sons, which all suburbanites will understand,
In the first place, the commuter wns late. The
6:53 train had come and gone without him,
and the 7:21 was long overdue, All the dire
possibilities of the ease came into her mind.
Either the ferryboat had gone down with all |
on board, or there had been a collision on the
road or the engineer had misunderstood the
signals and the train had plunged through the
open draw and been swallowed up by the Hack-
ensack River, It mattered not that by actual

  

 

demanded the exer

self behind a fence, u tree or a bush whet,

en eceee ne SSS —

directing his steps and adopting various de-
vices to confuse the trail, in case an attenipt
should be made to track him by the marks of
his teet, the captain arrived something mora
than an hour betore the appointed time at the
meeting place in Perkins's woods. [lis first
act alter halting denoted the alert and era ty
woodsinan, He bent over and examined the
eround carefully in all directions

‘Injuns!" he muttered, “or my name's no
Jack Bowers.” ;

count, as the records of the Village Improve- A little further investigation satisfled him
ment Soclety would demonstrate, the 7:21 had that the danger Was not lmminent, so he sat
bam from eleven to twenty-nine mines tate | Neue Cay gta aN aed
every night for the last neven monthe, That | by his trusty band) eet 4
| could not be admitted as a quaiifleation of the “And now,” said he, “for grub. A tranrer
Must alWays eat when he can, ‘eause when po

probability that before bedtime the commuter’s
wife would be receiving condolences as the
commiter’s widow.

So much for anxiety No, 1.

wants tomaybeheean't. Onee wewet started
we must cover many miles ere duylieht, and if
the redskins oppose us more then one of ther
braves shall bite the dust.”

he other was
T h Somehow or other his appetite was less vor

 

not less ominous nor was it less characteristic | aciousthan he expeetedittobe. [tdicay ey
of life In the suourbs, Not only was the com- | him and caused him to feel that. ie wos
muter late, but the commuter'’s son could not aoe os ore Try an he would, ba
Phi { . _ imore than one sandwie! dopa
be found. This also had happened before. | ogg, andasfor thecold putatoos they werent
“But,” said the commuter's wife to herself, | ort 1 quention. Thesfence of the wood e
“Harold promised me the last time he stayed | are him and the darkness beeame peopled
out after dark that if I wouldn't punish him | Heart ot tack Bowen ro i raved orem ie
; fire "
he would never do it again, go I just know that | sickening thought that perhaps the Weston
It ,
something has happened.” it C hag betrayed its leader, He wondend
The commuter's son had recently arrived | j), eeceer enn . ats nn 0¢ tt at conf anon,
é ‘ { dest as hebad prey le

with great satisfaction to himself at the age of 9 | the bovs who were to be almost Po gt {
and, having been permitted to exercise a cer- | Alinost us famous as hirsel! if they could | 09
tain latitude of choice in the selection of his | Sater their sup) ers at home and if yer 8
: they were at that moment tueked. ay '
birthday glfts, had decided to devote himself | their own trim little beds, Apd this tr f
to the perusal and study of the famous works | thoueht led him toreflect whether itn t
of Harry Castlemon. Having for this pur- pave been besser afer all if he had + $
pose induced the commuter to buy for him | little bed ne ang been tucked an §
the alluring fictions contained in the Rocky “L guess D' reconnottre,” he said te | A
Mountain series, he had of late evinced a de- op Be S08 o a! ¢ tie toed off to thy ny
sire to discard the conventional dress of effete | rey, brought him nearer the hi om it nt ‘ {
Eastern civilization, to cook his food over bons | solately left “forever.” Hewactrude slntiie
fires and to prepare himself by the possession | =e vvety pac 2 how, and he thought he 1
of firearms and hunting knives to ward off the | Pugh UP PrOaenine: He crouched bs ‘
assaults of the savage men and beasts which, anal" he whinterod. aa etal fier \

as is well mown, infest all of the region within | by. “LP wep Rt ames aay meee
a! s , yy. wonder Ifhe's after mo? t .
a radius of twenty-five miles of New York and | saw agreat light. “Ud better gethume beu.a
especially that part which lies within the State | he does,” was the thought that lent speed ta

of New Jersey. His views in these matters
had not met with the consideration to which
he thought they were entitled. [His frequent
earnest requests that persed buffalo meat be
substituted for the ordinary diet or the farnily,
that he shonld be allowed to array. hiniself
in a sombrero and fringed trousers and that he
should have a rifle, a bowie and a mustang had
awakened no response.

“I almost wish we hadn't bought him those
books,” mused the commuter'’s wife, as she
took “Frank Among the Rancheros” and ran
over the leaves. A paper fMuttered out from
oetween the pages and fell to the floor, The
commuter’s wile picked it up, carried it nearer
to the guslight and read:

THE WESTERN CLUB.
Captatn Harold Nelson age 9 six of may
PLANS

each boy get some thing to eat to last bim 4or5 days
and qft aA cowboys suitor any kind of uniform and If
notallright. and geta ticket to the west and 5 dolars
in his pocket, every boy be in Perkins woods at 9
oclock at night May 4. 1900 get a time table on the
P. L & X RR, and about the 11, of May we will be
roaming oN the Western PlainsDo not tell your mothers
About It, each boy Ora. a real relvover and knife
about 10 of 1) inches LONG and @ blancket every
bop, wane Anew name, nine is Jack Bowers,

he commuter’s wife gasped and wrung
her hands, and she herself probably hasn't the
faintest conception of what she would have
done it at tha pomeat the commuter's latch-
key hadn't rattled in the door and heralded
the appearance of her husband.

“Late again, Mary,” growled the exasper-
ated man, “We've decided to appoint a com-
mittee in the morning to call on the superin-
tendent of the railroad and raise . Why
what's the matter, Mary? Anything wrong?”

“Oh, Tlenry, read this!" and she pressed into
his outatretched hand the prospectus of the
wore lub ' \ &

“whe ejaculated the commufér,
little devil! me Mary, ian't that is “The

“Oh, enry, how can you laugh and be so
profane?”

“why, you don't think it’s serious, do you?”

pair of stout voung legs.

Ten minutes later ashamefaced ladrang!
door bell of the commuter’s house. Wis
mother received hin with open arms, «
hugged him, why shs didn’t ask hin
an account of himself he couldn't under tu
nor did he stop to ask

“Mamma,” he said, “T want to ea to hed

“Don't you want some supper, deary

“No: T just want to go to hed.”

All the time she waa helping him to +
the bey wondered why his mei,
ing about his absence, He almost woled
she would, She had bade him goods et
and was moving out of the door when ajia ve
voter called

ster

repress
'

rsaid: -

“Manna.”

“Well, deary?”
“T've got a secret,
“Yes, Sonry. what
“You wont tell papa?

"No,"

mamma,”

in it?”

“I was going to run away to-night, mamma®

“And why didn't you, my boy?"

yoo because I didn't want to after
all,

“And

you wont leave mamma again?”
*N-0-0,"”
She was almost out in the hall when she heard
his voice onee more
“Where are you going, mamma?®
“Only in the front room,”
“All r-i-@-h-t.”
“You're not afraid, deary?”
“No, not if [know where you are.”
Presently the front door opened again.
“T can't find him,” was the commuter’s ante
ious greeting
“Never mind, he’s here,” replied the come
muter’s wife

 

’

“Where
“In bed.’
‘Mary
about it?”
Nothing

 

what on earth are you golng to do

 

at all, Henry,” she answered,

“Nothing at all.”

“Serwous! tlenry, do you realize i
this ee : what night

"Why--why —yes, it’s the fourt. ~ a W E D D I N G
Where's fareld?” ae ey

"[ don't huow. He's gone,”

“Gone! Gee whiz! Well, then, there's no G L A S S WA R E
uel wate When were they to meet?
At 9d o'clock, | guess T can make it.”

About an hour earler a solitary figure to
borrow a phrase from romantic fletion-—-might
have been seen wend its way toward Per-
kins’s woods. [fit had heen seen, the person
who saw if might well have wondered why it
had atrapped to its shoulders a flannel blanket
And could he have looked ite the poekets of
the wat farer’a coat | mucht have given him
some pause to determine why one eo young
and apparently well gourished carried about
in his Immediate possession five corned-beef
sandwiches, half a doven hard-boiled eggs,
sundry cold potatoes and a package of salt

and pepper, glance ynder the but -
jacket would tore disclosed a belt in wnid

ATTRACTIVE
PRICES

Dor flinger’s
915 Broadway, near aist Street
36 Marray Street, New York

  

 

 

 

Ing the action to th ‘ aleq Ameriay
a the actic © the word he concealed anit

any one approached on the read. Thus stealtth® we