aaa

EE AE eR ce

re

eee

=

 

 

$$$

“CRONJE'S COTTAGE PRISON,

CAPTURED GENERAL SPENDS MOST OF
HIS TIME ON THE VERANDA.

 

Can Talk English Well, bat Refases to Do So
at St. Helena—His Great Attachment to
His Wife, Who Shares His Captivity—Grate-
ful for E@urte to Make Him Comfortable.

LONDON, May 26.--A correspondent who has
visited the Boors in St. Helena reports their
t to be very comfortable. Conjeand his wife
and. three menbers of his staff are in Kent

cottage, perched on top of a hill, “Just such a

\ cottage as may be seen on the outskirts of
many an English village, Imagine an unpre-
tentious two-storied dwelling With slate roof

‘and yellow-washed walls sfanding cut clearly

from a background of green hillside. The

window frames and shutters are painted the
game shade of green that you may see any tay
ata Dutch farmhouse inthe Paarl district of
the Cape Colony, In front runsa veranda, and
‘there isasiightly raised ‘stoep' There is also

Gome pretence ata flower garden, but it is sadly

neglected) The carden is enclosed by a black

wooden paling, and still further in front isa

Kittle more cultivated land with bananas anda

fewother trees I}: ne is simplicity itself

sor

but for the bell tent in the maht-hand front |

“ eorner of the garden, and the steady tramp of
khaki-clad sentries, east, west, norti and south
© “On the steep and beneath the veranda for
the best partof the day sits Gen Cronje, dark
of visage, somewhat long-bearded, and with
hair turning gray, His eves are dees set, dark
and ferret-like, and his demeanor is one of
extreme reserve. Piet Croniecanapeak Png-
lish almost as well as any Transvialer of Duteh
extraction, but you may ply him in vain with
Questions in English. He positively refuses
to speak anything but bis native taal, and
~even then his replies are little more than
monoaylinbles He haa little to say about any-
thing, and is difficult to draw Of course he
feels his position. You may #@@ that written
large upon his face: but, contrary to what so
many people think, he appears to be very
gratful for any kindness that is shown him and
fully appreciates the efforts that ars made
to secure his comfort. Beyond this heis as the
Bphinx
“It isa strange character, this of Piet Cronie.
Charges of terrible cruelty have been laid at
‘his door, and somehow, when you carefully

regard his face, you feel sure that the man ia |

eapabl® of violating the termes of an armist'ce
or firing on the women and children’s laager
Yet there are some redeeming features, as,
for example, when the fire of patriowism lights
his eve, and more particularly in the homage
paid to his wife, All day long, Mrs. Cronje,
in ruaty black dress and black Boer ‘kapple,’
fa the defeated General's close companion,

Others who are blood relations may emerKe | ojco,

from the house and remain for a brief while

beneath the veranda, but there is about them

the restlessness and impetuosity of the

younger Boer when under restraint. When, |
for instance, I was at Kent Cottage, there |
came within a hundred and fifty yards, just |
outside the cordon of sentries, two young |
eubalterns with field glasses and snanshot
cameras, Of course they were inquisitive. |
The General and his wife were screened by |
the clo-ed end of the veranda; but a younger |
relative was extremely annoyed. He was a |
fine, tall young fellow in shirt-sieeves and the |
fnevitableaiouch hat. As he caught sight of

the officers he geaticulated violently, flung his |
armeaboutand muttered in Duteh, Then he |
hurriedly entered the house, but on'y to
emerge aminute later, if anything more rest-
Jese than ever. Cronje, however, and his |
wife have acquired the art of sitting till, His
attachment to her is very great. Talk to him
on any subject andhe will immediately make
reference to her views and acta. Cronje, the
devoted husband, and Cronje of Potchefstroom,
of Mafeking, and of Kimberley! You come
away feeling that the conjunction is in-
‘congruous,

. “Quite a different man {is Commandant Schiel

Here you have one who has received training
ta European military schools. There is much
of the soldier of fortune about him; but there
fa much that is superficial and insincere. When
I lastsaw Commandant Schiel he was a prisoner
on board her Majesty's ship Penelope at
Bimon's Town. To-day he has recovered from
hide wound and occupies a tent standing alone
and within sight of the house in which Napoleon
lived anddied. But it isthe same Schiel At
Simon's Town the sight of ladies in a boat ap-
proaching the prison ship sent him into an
ecstasy of delight, and he would chatter away
with fervor about ‘the dear ladies.’ Almost as
ae0n as I stepped ashore at St Helena there
‘was placed in my hands a photograph of Schiel
being driven along the main street on his way
to Deadwood Camp. His eyes were raised, and
you follow their direction toan open window
onan upper floor at which sat twogirls. Yes,
Tthought, it ia the same Sohiel. Talk to him at
Deadwood, and there is tae same assumption
it ia not real—of the old devil-may-care spirit.

“'Nexttimel fight,’ he aays, ‘itahall be on the
alde of the British,’ but you feel instinctively
that if he ever fights again it will be on the side
that pays him best

“Oh the war will not last long,’ he tells you:
“that ie, if one thing happens. Ifyou beat the
Boers well at Kroonstad, it will all be over in
three weeks.’

“Then he will change histune. The assumed
@ayety passes away, and almost pleadingly he
will tell you that he is not at all well treated,
Gnd that he has made application to be allowed
to roam the island on parole. Yet all the time
this Insincere creature knows that he has been
guilty of more attempts to escape than any
other of the prisoners.

“The Boer prisoners aro being well treated,
This I know aaa fact, and as the result of per-
gonal inguiries and observation on the spot
But, of course, there will be some objectore
Behlel, for example, deciares that the British
prisoners at Pretoria are permitted to go out
ploticking and so forth: and then he will make
odmparfisons. But of this statement we have
no confirmation. Other prisoners, however,
epeak well of their treatment, and I do know as
afaot that all of them are better fed and get
more freah meat than their guards.

“Unfortunately sickness had broken out
among the Boer prisoners before they left the
Cape, The sick, however, are extremely weil
eared for, As I write there are twenty in
hospital out of the 500 on shore, and two have
died. These were accorited military honors,
and were buried over the hills just beyond
Cronje’s new home.”

George Lynch, the correspondent who «allied
eut of Ladysmith during the siege, riding a
white horse, which had been dyed khaki color
all over one side, and takine under one arm a
hettle of whiskey and some copies of tho siege
paper, the Ladysmith Lyre, hoping to trade
them for some Transvaal newspapers, has re-
turned to England. and writes somernathor
Pedlisiic descriptions of things seen in action

“Death from a Mauser bullet,” he writes, “is
less painful than the drawing of atooth. Such

least appears to be the case, speaking gen-
us from apparent evidence without having

e@ opportunity o° collecting the opinions of
those who have actually died, In books we haye
read of shrieks of expiring agony, but ask those
who have been on many battlefelds, and they
will not tell you they have heard them: asa
rule, asudden exclamation, ‘I'm hit! ‘My God"’
‘Damnit!’ They look as if staggering from the
blow of a fist ravher than tiatfrom atiny pen-
oil of lead then a sudden pa'eneas, perhaps a
@rasping of the hands o: cusionally, as if to hold
on tosomething when the bottom seema to be

 

 

 

falling out of all things stable, but g@ nerally no |

eign of aught else than the duling of death
dulling to sleep a d unsen drungen
death it often seems eounmonp |e 2a
mile. Aamiens often asoroftener thin any
sigh of pain, bul weneraily no sien of either
“In our first cog ements there wasrather toe
Much anxiety on he parto
conirades to corry him tothe re or, bitin didnot
continue toriong The aciuating « otive is not
always kin ness and humanity, but a desire to
Getout of danger. It was soon evident that it
Was only going from the {rying-pan into the
@re.as the danger of walking back carrying a

seep

very

wounded mans

 

    

   

    

wounded maa waa immensely greater than re-
maining or advancing more of less On ones
stomach. Sometimes it was the unfortunate
wounded man who was hit again, Men carty~
ing off a wounded comrade cf course render
themselves strictly Hable to be regarded as
combatant s.

“Two men being killed on one horse seems
rathera tollorder, yet it is perfeetiy true Ithan-
| pened at the cavalry charge atter Flandslaagte,

Some of the Boers stood their ground with great

stubbornness till our cavalry were only a few

yards away. One middle-aged, bearded fellow
stayed just a little too long and bad not time to
wet to bis horse, which was

He ccrambled up behind a brother Boer who
j Was just mountiog, but almost inn edirtely the

Filth Lancers were upon them, There was a

farrier-corporal, an immensely big, powerful

fellow, whostngled them out, They were gal-
loping downa slight incline as hard as they
could get their horse to travel, but their
pur-uer was gaining on them at every stride.
| When he came within striking distance
| he jammed his spurs into his bly
horse, who sprang forward like a tiger.

Weight of man and horse, impetus of gallop
| and hill focussed in that bright lance point held
It pierce i the left side of the back
and the point eame out

 

 

asin a vice
of the man behind

with a convulsive movement, threw up his
hands, flinging bis rife in the air The lancer
could not withdraw his lanceas the menswayed
and dropped from their horse, but galloped on
into the gathering darkness punctured with
rifle flashes here andthere and flitting forms
that might be friend or foe. This poor fellow
was killed a fow dayaafter at the battle of
Rietfontein. tow heartily the Boers hated
these Jancers! They would have liked so much
to have had lances barred as against the rules
of war: and it would certainly have made an
immense difference if our side had succeeded in
gotting a few more chances especially at the
| commencement of the warof using the lance
“Wounds or death by Manser bullets or even
| by the thrust of a lance ure not to be compared
| from the point of view of their pain-inflicting
| possibi ities with what may be done in that way
with the fragment of ashell That's the thing
that hurts. Shell fire, speaking generally, is
the ‘bovy of batile’ to those not accustomed to
it. The main purpose it accoinplishes is to es-
tablish ‘afuuk.’ When the actual damage done
by shell fire after a battle is counted up and the
number of shells fired the results are must sur-
prising Thus, on one oceasion shells were fired
hy the Boers to ki!Lor wound one man, while in
| the siege of Ladysmith the number was im-
mensely greater. A poetin the Ladyamith Lure
wrote: ‘One thing is certain in this town of lies
' If Long Tom hits you onthe head you dies '

You co unquestionably: but perhaps it is

worse still toget a piece of shell somewhere
What frightful wounds they make some-
times! What mangled butchery in their track!

A boy who could not have been more
than 17 or 18 was lying on the side of the
hill with his head on a flat stone, He had
heen hit by a plece of shell and both his legs
were broken and mangled above the knee. He
waa done for, and hid life was only a matter of
Jasting aome minutes, Another man, wounded
somewhere internally, was lying beside him.
‘There was no sign of pain an the boy's face; his
eyes Were closed. Ile Just seemed very tired.
Opening bia eves, he looked downward in-
tently at his legs, which were lying at an
oblique angle with his body from where

 

they had been hit. It looked as if
his trousers were the only attachment.
As he gazed intently a troubled look

came over his face, a’ d his wounded comrade
beaide him was watching him and saw it. The
tred eres closed again wearily, and then the
wounded man alongside him, cursing with
varingated and rich vocabulary, bent or half
rolled over and caught first one boot and then
the other, and lifted each leg straight down,
swearing under his breath the while. Then he
lay back, swearing at the blankety blank young
HLianker and still watching him. Soon the tired
eyes opened again and instinctively looked
down at his legs. They seemed to open wider
as he looked: then he smiled faintly, thinking
he had been mistaken about them before, and
lay back, and the eyes did not open any more,
The fellow beside him chuckled and said to
himself, ‘Well, I'm damned!’ but possibly the
Recording Angel has put down a mark that
may help to prevent it.”

 

SIR GEORGE BOWYER'S DIVORCE,

Young Scotchman, Named as Co-respondent,
Hurrying From San Francisco to England,

Ban FRANctIaco, June 8.—Carie Johnstone, a
young Scotchman of good family, who came to
this country with the Duke of Manchester,
to-day received a cable message from
Lady Bowyer saying he had been named as a
Co-reapondent by her husband, Sir George, in
his divorce suit. Johnstone, though he had
bought his ticket to Cape Nome and had an
interest in several mines, revoked all his ar-
rangements and left for the East last night so
that he might reach London as soon aa possible,

Johnatone, in talking about the case, said he
had been a close friend of Lady Bowver, but
said that she had never committed any indiscre-
tion with him, He admitted that Lady Bow-
yer waa on the same sieamer on which he
crosaed from Liverpool to New York in last
February hey stayed at different hotels in
New York, he atthe Savoy and Lady Bowver at
the Waldorf-Astorin. He also admisted that
Lady Bowyer has written to him but he added:

“Her letters are such letters asa friend might
write andin fact [have often reproached fer
for writing such very cold epis!ies,"'

Johnstone, when he first received the cable
message from Lady Bowyer, tried to charter a

special train to catch the Kaiser Wil-
helm on next Tuesday, but the rall-
road people showet him that he could

not make the trip in time,so he gave up the
project and left yesterday on the regular over-
‘and train
Lady Bowyer is a daughter of the late Francis
Hawkins, who made a fortune in mining in Ne-
vada county, Cal, He hid two daughters, Ruth,
| who three years ago married Alfred Sweetman,
a London millionaire, and Ethel, who lose year
wedded Sir George Bowyer, whose address "5
Clarendon Crescent, Leamington.

TURKEY REFUSES PASSPORTS.

 

A Naturalized Armenian Unable to Bring His
Family to This Country,

Fricununo, Mass, June 3.—The Sultan of
Turkey prohibits the family of Mugerdick
Yarumian, an Armenian barber, from joining
him here. Yarumian was driven from his home
in Constantinople by religious persecution in
1895, and through lack of funds to bring his wife
and son, then an infant, with him, he was
obliged to leave tham to the tender mer-
of his perse@utors and = embarked

to this country alone, Three years ago he

moved here from Boston and found
| steady employment. By economy he saved up
| money enough to become owner of a barber
| shop besides laving away enough to establish a
| home and pay the transportation of his wife
| and son, who is now six vears of aga
About the middle of April he sent the amount
required for transportation to his wife, now
living in Mavary, near Harpeot, and has since

 

cies

waited anxiously te learn the day his
| family would arrive in Boston. Fri-
; day he_ received a letter from his wife

| saving that passports had heen refused his
family, and that uniess ontaide help was se-
eured the long looked for family reunion must
| be indefinitely postnoned
Since eon ing to the United States Yarumian
| has taken ont natupalization papers and conse.
quentiv claims the rights of a citizen of the
Vo ited States and protection for himself and
for his family aewell Hesonuwht a lawver and
thruch him he will anpeal to Secretary Hav
and enlist the nid of Congressman Weymouth
| and Senator Hoar

WONT REARD MAYOR ASHBRIDGE.

Committee of Citizens Will Mail the Wana-
moker-Episode Resolutions to Him,

PHILADELPAIA, June 3.-The committee of
citizens to carry the letter inclosing the resolu-
tions adopted at the public meeting held to
condemn the Mayor for retaining in oMee
Director of Public Safety A. L. English,
for his threats against Jolin Wanamaker,
hus decided that it wil not risk the wrath of
the Mayor by bearding him in his oflee, but
will send the letter to him by mail There ja
gach surprise at this, as it is thought the
Mayor will Riss little attention tothe letter If
the man called upon him he could mot fail to
listen to what they had to say, and might have
made some sort of a statement,

a few vards away, |

through the right side of the man in front, who, |

THE SUN, MONDAY, JUNE

= ———————

THE QUEEN'S GOOD HEALTIL.

| LOOKS HER FIGHTY-ONE YEARS,
BUT RAS WONDERFUL VITALITY.

 

| Follows Sir William Jenner's Few Rules of
Health-A Simple Diet, Regularity and
Plenty of Outdoor Life—Cape Town's Idea
| of
(
|
|

the Plague of Women in War.
Lonpon, May 26.—The Queen was SI ss
n

old on ‘Thursday, and is well and hearty
spite of her great age it is a commonplace in

|

|
|

i

medical circles that her life ts even now a better |

one from an insurance point of view than that

of the Prince of Wales, It is true enat she looks
old, very old, very white and very bent

Noone who has seen her lately could think fora
moment that she was younger than her actual
age. Yet her health is good, her vitality ts
wonderful, and her mind as keen and vigorous
asever. Of course this is due toa great eX-
tent to her naturally splendid consutution

Until she was shaken by the death of the
Prince Consort permanent good health seemed
with the Queen to be a matter of course

After inat date she gave ear to the
doctors. for many years she has lived accord

ing to afew stiplerules laid down for her by
the Jate Sir William Jenner. About these rules
| there is nothing elaborate. A simple and care-
ful diet, regularity and plenty of open-air life
| are the chief essentials These three rules the
Queen has observed strictly, the last oue indeed
for a time she rather overobserved, Practi-
cally no weather could prevent her from taking
her long drives in an open carriage, and the
royal doctors received many a fright on her ac-
count. At last, however, she received a fright
herself a few years ago, and since then has been
more careful,

The royal doctors, therefore, have discovered
no great secret for the benefit of their august
patient, Sir Francis Laking, one of the most
eminent of them, when asked for some rules
of life which would be conducive to longevity
answered, "Do anything you like, but do noth-
ing to excess," Sir Samuel Wilks, auutlar of
the Queen's physicians, says:

“Every one has a natural temperament. Fol-
low that and avoid excesses, That's all A
quack inay tell you you must eal an ounce of
aibumen, so much starch, so much water, and
so on, and what should you do? Go and have
a nice chop. The instincts of people are right.
Jenner would have said to you: ‘I never walk
at all, except from my house into my carriage
I hate walking andifI could I would get my
| servants to carry me to bed.’ That was Sir
William Jenner, the Queen's eminent physictan;
and what about exercise then? In the last
three or four centuries we have done better in-
tellectnal work than ever before, and these
have been the times of tea, coffee, tobacco and
| aleohol, What can you make of that? It is
surprising. Again Lsay, follow your instincts e
| Thus it wou'd seem from the Queen's case

that a strong will, regular habits and abstemi-
ous living are the roads to a strong o!dage

The following comes from Cape Town, where
De Treves is strongly supported in his attack
on ‘the plague of women" in South Africa, A
story is told of one of the “plague” visiting the
hospital at Winbure in search of new sensa-
tions. Sitting at the bedside of a wounded
Tommy, she placed her perfumed jewelled hand
upon his brow and murmured words of sym-
pathy, to which Tommy replied with a groan
that might have meant pain or annovance.
“Can 1 do anything for you, my poor fellow?”
she asked, But Tommy had no suggestions to
| make. She pondered awhile, wondering what
sort of things might be done for a wounded
man, and at last she had a g!orious idea, ‘Shall
I wash your face for you, poor fellow?” The
patientTommy rolled on his back, and with asigh
of resignation answered, “Yes, Miss, if {t’d please
you. You'll be the fourteenth lady as ‘as
washed it this arternoon,”

The following comes from the Civil Servioe
Club: ‘What's the difference between the
nurses who went from England to the Crimea
and those who have come to Cape Town?" The
answer being, “The former went for a Night-
ingale, and the latter for a lark.”

 

|

 

On their way to the Paris Exhibition the
Irving and Terry of Japan, Otijiro Kawakama
and Mme. Sada Yaceo, are now performing in
London at the Coronet Theatre. Of course they
have been asked what they think of England,
and Mme, Sada Yacco has made reply. She
thinks English people more demonstrative than
Japanese, “We came here,” she says, ‘just
before Mafeking day, and we never saw anr-
thing like it before. Japan had its triumphs
when Port Arthur was conquered, but our
people remained quiet. Though they went mad

| with joy they kept their madness inside, and
would not let anybody know of it. On Satur-
day, when we went down Regent street, we
started shouting too, We waved your flags,
and all your people said: ‘Three cheers for
Japan,’ and threw littlo bits of bright paper at
us, and we threw it back at them.”

“Llike the English women," said Mme. Yacco.
“T prefer my own dress, but in your English
dress people can @o about more easily. If it
were not for the tight iron band [the corset)
your women put round them I would dress like
them too, Ithink that there is too much kiss
ing and love-making on the stage here and in

America, It {is not moral, I think, to do that on
the stage. I saw Miss Olga Netheraole in
America, She kisses a great deal on the stage.

1 do not approve of it.

“English audiences are very much better than
Japanese. They understand what we want,
and they only applaud with their hands. In
Japan people have their meals in the theatre

| while they are watching the play. They drink,
they smoke, they make nolses, they shout. But
our plays are mueh longer than youra. They
start at 8 in the morning and last till 9 at night

“In both London and New York we find that
the gentlemen are much more polite to the la-
divs than Japanese are to their women. Before
we left our own land we thought the Japanese
people were the most patriotic in the world, but
since we have seen your people we talk no more
about it.”

Prof. Tascone writes on the last eruption of
Vesuvius; “I am inclined to rank Vesuvius
among the abnormal volcanoes, and although
my illustrious masters try to demonstrate that
a period of ionger or shorter calm follows every
Vesuvian eruption, Lam convinced, by personal
experience, that the dynamics of Vesuvius
defy every normal law. The late ex.
plosive phase commenced on the morning
of the 4th inst, the erater reawakenine with
formidable detonations and ejeetion of lava
material toa prodigions height. Toward night
the detonations became louder and moro fre-
quent, and at the observatory it sounded as if
we were in the midst of an artillery battle. The
blocks of ejected lava reached a height of 500
metres from the level of the crater, the time
they took to fall back, either into the crater or
onto theslone of the cone, being from thirty
to thirty-five seconds
was raised inthis way seventy metres higner
than it was before, but since then some of the
material has fallen in

‘The explosions continued to be violent on

 

 

7th there was a short period of calm, but next
morning the explosions became deafening, oc-
curring at intervals of from seven to ten minutes,
‘The same day [ noticed that the smoke assumed
its characteristic form, dark and majestic, and
showing the clase of the violent phase At
about 3 P. M. the detonations suddenly ceased,
the amoke becoming very biack fron) the great
quantity of ash it contained. Ats P.M. I went
up the mountain with some companions, reach-
ing the edge of the crater ata littleattera P.M
The smoke and the ejection of stones at long
intervals prevented us from looking into the
erater, but T explored all the platform of the
old crater of 1872, which was entirely covered
by the great blocks of material cast out, some
of the pieces being of the size of {ve to six oubie
metres, The crater now is ejecting sinall puffs
of ashes and small pleces of basalt, and a period
of calm is probable "'

Remember This—

When an. adverti has
| ps u@ to dispoae of, he first ome
vertising columus with

008 to | he's ut
maa, OO

-

 

———

LIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWN.

 

Dr. Jobn H. Girdner, oneof the closest friends
of Col William Jennings Bryan in New York
city, has a very peculiar and interesting re-
minder of other Democratic days. It is the

wedding dress coat of his grand ather, whieh
was made by Andrew Johnson, and at the back

of the neck of the coatisa lite silp marged:

“A. Johnson, Tailor’ This sax long
Jotinaon attained political distinetion and pany
years before Johnson ocoupled the White House
as President of the United States

The late Charles A. Chickering, Representa-
tive in Congweas, was considered at one time to
be the beat political prophet in the State, This
question came up in the “Amen Corner” of the
Fifth Avenue Hotel the other night, and it was

| demonstrated that the Hon, Charles Steokler

of New York city was, in some of his predio-
tions as to the results of political campaigns,
far ahead of Mr. Chickering. For instance,

in 1808 Mr. Steckler made the prediction to
Senator Platt in the “Amen Corner’ one
night, that Bartlett would defeat Maynard for
Justice of the Court of Appeals by ae votes
in New York Siate, and that New York county
alone would only give Maynard @ majority of
about 30,000 votes; whereas at that time the
normal Democratic majority inthe county was
60,000. This prediction was made by Mr. Steck-
ler to Mr. Platt weeks before election day, ee
it was verified in every particular, [n 1804 Mr.
Steckler predicted thit William L, Strong, can
didate for Mavor, woul! carry twenty-five out
of the then thirty Assembly districts in the
county, This snuecesstul prediction was also
made weeks befor: election day, and it may be
added that at the same time Mr Steckler named
the tiye Assembly districts that Hugh 9. Grant
would carry. The-e districts were then the First,
Second, Fourth, Sixteenth and Fighteenth.
Prior to and including the year 1804 there were
but thirty Assembly districts, and their nor.oal
political complexion was vastly in favor of the
Demooratic party.

Aman who styles himself a mind reader has
been giving private exhibitions during the past
year in this city, and he ts quite as successful
in the feata which he undertakes 18 was Wash-
ington Irving Bishop, who died a few years ago
atthe Lamb's Club, while giving an exhibition.
A bachelor who gave a dinner at Delmonico’s
several weeks ago introduced this mind reader
to his guests as oneof his entertainers Mind
readers are a8 common as singers of coon

songs, and the guests resigned themselves to
boredom. This man, however, did not prove
to be of the common variety of | mind
readers, and within a few minutes he had the
diners very much agitated, Fach one was
speculating as to how much of what Was paas-
ing in his or her mind this man wasable to
divine. Hishop's methods were usually dra-
matic, and because of them he quickly became
famous, This man believes that he can repeat
every feat which Bishop did and do many
which Bishop never attempted, Bishop was
firmiy convineed that many of his feats were
due to extraordinary powers which he pos-
sessed, and long before his sudden death he had
given two physicians authority to peftform an
autopsy on his body when he died. The most
consmieuous result of it was the criminal pro-
ceedings instituted against the surgeons by
Hishop's mother, who alleged that her ton was
not dead but in a trance when the autopsy was
begun

When the bleyele came into popular favor
many of the new apartment houses were con-
structed with rooms arranged for storing them,
and now plans have been prepared for an ex-
pensive new apartment house onthe upper
West Side which Is to have,among other innova-
tions, a storeroomn or stable as it may be called
forautomobiles. The peopie who will live in
this house must have incomes large enough
to warrant their keeping automobiles | if
they choose, and evidently the owner is dis-
counting the future and anticipating that
the horseless carniages will become as
popular as bicyeles were three years ago.
‘The builder has arranged to supply the ten-
ants of his apartment house with nearly all of
the necessities of life except food and elothes
lee water iato be piped to each apartment.
The storing of automobiles is quite a problem
inthisety now, Some of the livery stables
have declined to aceept them on the ground
that they are runing the livery business or
enthusiastle engineers of automobiles a stable
in the basement of one's apartment house
where the machine may be easily reached an
where it may be properly oar for woul
undoubtedly be a great conventlence

The identifeation of Fdward Morton, now
under arrest for the theft of valuable jewels in
Leipsic as the notorious William Woodward,
was made by the New York police as soon as
the Bertillon ecard contatning his description was
sent here, and in view of the many big thefts in
whieh he haa been implicated in England and
on the Continent, it is surprising that he was
not promptly identified. “Big’’ Woodward isa
man not easily forgotten. He has stolen
hundreds of thousands of dollars in his opera-

tions, which have extended al) over the world,
and yet so. cleverly has he worked that
very little of his life has been spent in prteon
When Scotiand Yard was searching
for Woodward three or four years ago
for his onerati ns in England under the name of
Tionel Musgrave, Weodward came to New
York. He knew that the police here were look-
ing for him, and yet he didnot hide himself
Ho saidtienthat although be had stolen enough
money to make him rich, he had not saved a
dollar of itand that crimedid not pay. He pro-
tested that he was going to reform and marrya
rich widow tn this city whose acquaintance he
had made on the steamer,

The invitations which have been received in
this city for a fashionable wedding which is to
be celebrated out of town consist of enough
cards to puzzle the average recipient. They
even inclids a card to show to the ticket-
chopper at the ferry and one which entitles the

holder to tranzportation on the train which {s
to be run for the wedding @uests. An outeof-

| town wedding, such as this one, has other

 

advantages besides the more attractive settin
which the country may provide, to recommen
it. None but the invited guests is likely to be
prongnt, and it {s almost impossible to limit a
Me chures wedding tn the city tothem. Tt was
announced before a recent wedding In this city
that special preecantions were to be taken to ex-
clude all but the invited guests, and yet there
were many in the church who had not been
invited

The former rule which made June 15 the first
day on which a straw hat could be worn with
propriety is no longer observed and it is the
weatherrather than any purely conventional
period that now marks the time for this im-
portant change in dress, On Saturday, one
Fifth avenue hatter was literally besieged’by
the number of customers who decided that
they must haveahnatthat day and were un-
willing to wait any longer, It was good
evidence of tho rush that at 4 = o’olock
in the .afternoon there was scarcely a
straw hat let in the establishment. The
popular.style of the season represents: modera-
tion in the highest degree, The brim is moder-
ately narrow, theerown moderately hich and
the straw moderately rough Intended tomerve
for country wear asnreief from the atiffness
of the eity hat {8 one made of light brown,
loosely plaited straw, with a broad turned-up
brim and ae lored ribbon which can beof any
desian that is best suited to the taste of tha
wearer, Thisatyleof hat wasintended by ita
makers for counter wear, and its color, for:
und weight especially adapt it to use of this
kind. Bart it is searcely to be supposed that
such a consplenoens fashion of headdrese will
not he taken up for city wear by some of those
who believe that astraw hat must be conspicu-
ous if it is to be worn at all

 

 

Della Fox, during the days of her greatest
popularity and prosperity always kept her
friends in the theatrical profession because she

| shared her prosperity with her friends and

The rim of the erater |

the Sth, 6th and 7th of Mar: on the nleht of the |

' brief

never seemed to consider herself superior to
her associates in the profession, Itis not prob-
able that she will have to eall on any of her col-
leagues for the assistance of a benefit or any
similar charity, She has not appeared often
during recent seasons, although her earnings
were fortnerly large and she at one time
possessed oo small fortune in diamonds,
She received a large aealary for her
aprearance in the vaudeville theatres
afew weeks ago, Miss Fox had begun to act
as achiid. and #0 much of her life had been
Bpent on the staa@e that the career noasessed no
ehorm for her beyond the financial reward it
brought) She was able to retire whenever ill-
hess roade the work irksome to her and for that
reason has heen little before the publie during
the paat low veasona She is the only one of
her Paraily that ever attracted attention on the
stage. Her sister was fora while in the choruses
of various comic opera companies, but she re-
tired some yonrs ago

The old-fashioned house standing in a garden
at 126th street and Seventh avenue was for
many yearsa conspicuous landmark when up-
per Seventh avenue was the favorite street for
drivers of fast horses and the Speedway had not
yet been thougnt of. The old wooden house
looked as if it had been transplanted from some
small country town and was at one time the
corner reaid-noe of a block of similar houses
Ali of these disappeared when 125th «treet he~
kin to devolop its present importance as the
chief busines: streetol Harlem, The old hou e
remained standing, although a theatre was bulit
pet hues ee ae buildings began to
ower aboutit. Now it has gone the way of its
neighbors, ’

ree

4, 1900.

 

ne

|
|

|

~~

A BLACK SNAKE WITH FEET,

——————
NOW IT WAS KILLED AND MEAS-
Uren pny vosepn TILLEY.

A Method by Which the Feet of Such Rep-
tiles May He Discovered When They Have
Them—Two Other Black Snakes Whose
Fidelity to Each Other Was Ml-Rewarded,
Latest advices from New Jersey Indicate that

blacksnakes are running very strong in that

locality thia spring. From all sides comes more
or less remarkable accounts of these reptiles
and their strange actions, In general the
snakes have been doing the same things that
thelr kind have been at for some years; stop-
ping teams, attacking the unwary homebound
farmer in numbers, forming strategic flgures
for the capture of chickens, chasing terrified

Ittle girls home from sehool, milking cows,

and the like. The principal innovation of this

season's output has been the discovery of
blacksnakes with feet. A week ago two vera-
cious citizens of one of the Oranges discovered

@ blackanake which had two small but power-

ful feet near its tall, by virtue of which it leaped

back and forth across a roadway I’ke a kanga-
roo, so scandalizing the two citizens that they
got a shotgun and blew it into >its, Unfortu-
nately, the bits were very small, and enough
of the feet couldn't be extracted from the
débris to substantiate to a scientific certainty

the accuracy of the story,

Another snake with pedal equipments has
just been discovered in the mountains back
of the Oranges. Joseph Tilley of Pleasaot-
dale, while drivi his team home on Satur-
day morning saw the reptile in the act of climb-
ing @ tree with great speed aud agility. As
the tree which the reptile was ascending over-

aeage the road Mr, Tilley, who is a careful stu-
dent of perracee literature, iromediately
perceived tha @ creature's design was lo

drop upon him from a branch, wreathe itself
around his ueck agd strangle him. By way
of foillng it he drew a revolver, jumped out
of his wagon, and running to the foot of the
tree phot several well-placed holes in the rep-
tle’s anatomy. It fell to the ground and
presently died, whereupon its slayer took
measurements of it. It waa six feet lone and
was, of course, as big around as a man's wrist.
No Jersey snake ever achieved any notoriety
that wasn't as big around as a man's wrist
In his examination of his vietim Mr Tilley
was Surprised to discover small feet extend
ing from its skin on the under wide of the body.
These feet ho surmises were used for climb-
ing purposes. He has killed hundreds of black-
nakes, he avers, but hes never before found
eet on any of them. The correspondent who
recounts thts adventure remarks of his own
knowledge that many blacksvakes lave feot
which they draw in under the skia when they
die, but that if the body is laid on warjn ashes
or stretched out close to a fire these feet will
rotpude It i& said that a hen’s feeth may
» discovered by a like treatment. The cor-
respondent further states that there is general
relief in the Orange Mountains over the de.
struction of this snake as many persons hud
seen it and were much afraid of it. presumably
because they feared that it you sneak up
behind them and kick therm to death,

There were no feet on the two blacksnakes
with which the Cockefair cousins, Alfred and
James, bedame embroiled on Saturday morn-
ing, ina fleld bordering on the Morris Canal
near Bloomfield, but they possessed other at-
tributes entitling them to consideration. The
two reptiles glided out of a brush heap as the
men ware passing and the Cockefalrs decided
to capture them, so Alfred selzed one of the
snakes just behind the neck. James sparred
with the other for an opening, but before he
could coine {tn and clinch the creature dodged@
left swing, and with an agile side glide retreated
to the shelter of the brush, where it was imprac-
tieable to follow. Moreover, Alfred required
his cousin's help, as the captured snake preved
a tough customer and was lashing its captors
fnee with a ial like an ox-goad. James
went about wetting a purchase on the lashing
tal, and the two had fust succeeded in getting
the captive to the ground when the escapec
enake quietly returned, made a dive at Al-
fred’s right hand and fastened its fangs firmly
into his forefinger, hanging onlikeavice. With
acry of pain he dropped the first enake, which
Aipped itaelt from the grasp of James and scut-
tled away. Alfred tried in vain to choke the
snake's arip off, and it was not until his cousin
had got a rock and hammered the shining black
body almost into pulp thatthe reptile be-
came discouraged and lot go. The bitten man
eucked the wound, but it began to awell inmme-
diately and became discolored and paintul,
80 he bound it up as well as he could with his
handkerchief and started home. As the two mon
were golng away they saw the snake that had
got away come out again, examine the dead
snake and then coil about tt. They did not
again disturb the reptile, admiring the fidelity
which each had shown toward its mate. It was
the male snake that was killed. he doctors
say that no serious effects are likely to result
from the bite. The blacksnake has no poison
fangs, but there are cases on record where the
hite of non-venomous snakes has resulted in
blood poisoning and even in death.

BAPTIZED IN THE

 

 

FAST RIVER.

 

 

Three Women and a Man, All Colored, Im-
mersed at Astoria.

Four colored persons were baptized {n the
Fast River off Astoria yesterday afternoon.
The ceremony was conducted by the Rev. H. Lb.
Cook, pastor of the First U. A. M. E. Church of
Astoria and the Rev. George Green of Coney
Island. The persons {!mmersed were Mra,

Georg ana Willis and Charles Jackson of
Astor and Leute and Henrietta Riggins of
Dutch Kille. Religious services were held in
Hughes & Scanion’s stone rors on the shore,
Mrs. Willis and Jackson entered the water first,
Jed by Kev. Mr. Green. There isa shelving
beach and they walked into the water waist
deop and were immersed by the Rev Mr. Cook.
The Rigging sisters were then baptized. The
members of the party walked from the river to
asmall building, where their wet clothing was
changed tor their street attire, and they soon
went away with frionds.

CALLS FOR MARVESTERS.,

KANSAS

 

Railroad Laborers Going Into the Wheat Fields
at #2 a Day.

Fort Scott, Kas., June 3 —The demand for
harvest hands in southern Kansas. espectally
along the lines of the Missouri-Pacific road, Is
60 great that the seot{on men are quitting their
$1.25 per day jobs to take $2 jobs inthe harvest
flelds, and the railroad authorities are somewhat
alarmed at the condition. Supt. Webb of the
Southern Kansas lines has notifled the reneral
superintendent of the facts and auggesis that
laborers be sent out from the East. There is
danger of the farmers in the central part of the
State not being able to get men enough to har-

vest the wheat. Pratt county alone has sent
outa call for 600 men

 

 

New York University Alumni Elects Officers

The annual meeting of the New York Univer-
sity Alumni Association was held on Saturday
afternoon {n the gymnasium butlding at Uni-
versity Heights, The Treasurer's report
showed a balance in favor of the association.
The following officers wera clected far the on-
suing year: President, Dr Charles 8. Benedict,
‘at; Viee-President, Dr John Reid, ‘70; Dr. Wil-
Vian J Greanellé, ‘90, Secretary: Cyrus (Mile
ler, '88, Treasurer, and Dr, Henry M. Baird, ‘ho
Registrar. Chancellor MaeCracken announced
that there would he no bachelor's oration at
commencement this rear, but that threa ad-
dresees would be given on the epochs of the
university, a& follows: The firet period, 1820 to
1855, by De. Henry M. Baird, "0: second period
1855 to 1880, by Dr. John Reid, ‘70: third period,
18800 1995, by H. J. Wright, ‘ks, '

New Cromwell Liner,

The new Cromwell Line steamship Proteus, a
sister to the Comus, which was recently puton
the route between this port and New Orleans,
arrived yesterday from the yards of her build-

ers, the Newport News Shipbuilding Company
She is a steel single screw, 406 feet long, 48 feat
beam and of 30 feet 9 inches depth of hold) She
was designed by Horace See. Sho is expected
to make the trip to New Orleans in about five
days §he is commanded by Capt Gager, one
of the oldest skippers of the line She is sched-
uled to sail on Saturday

Many Visitors at West Point,
West Pornt, N. Y., June 2.—There was

a large number of visitors to West Point to-doy
and many remained for dross parade this even-

ire. ‘Sho Board of Visitors Atrended

a ) t S°rvires
at the Cadet Chay sinerning, Rear Admiral
Phill to-night aaa. ssed the Young Men's

Christian Association, The announcement to.
day that the Adiniral would deliver an address
attract sd an unusually larwe audience

A DINNER DRINK

Saratoga
Arondack
Water

The famous table tonic, Comesto N
York every day. fresh from Maratoen, t
Get it from grocers, druggitia, oafes, or
THE ARONDACK SPRING, 1362 Broadway.

And 5 Astor Mouw Blee*, Broadway, « ie 2
{Post OMee. “Phone oe 38in Se’

 

SS SSS SSS ss Se s-seb sessepsipens~s-estnteenses-ansnunennenene=tienn
=

R, B. ROOSEVELT HAS GLOOMY VIEWS.
Trouble Ahead for England, the Paris Fatr @
Poor Show, French Baggagemen N. G.

Robert BH. Roosevelt, who arrived yester-
day from Rotterdam, said last night that nearly
all Europe sympathized with the Boers in
their present war with England,

“I found,” he said, “that almost unanimously
the people of Holland, France, Germany, and,
in fuet, all of Rurope with the exception of &
minority of the English people are in favor
of the Boers and sympathize with them, I
learned that it is the intention of England
after she conquers the Boers to disarm them
in the presence of native blacks and thus leave
them without any defence against uprisings
of the natives, who, of course, will then have
ho respect for the oers, It seems to me that
this is a short-siehted policy, as it will also
teach the blucks contempt for all Europeans,
and England will have her hands full in manag-
ing them, Although the Boers have the sym-
pathy of all uations, 1 do not think that any
of the great Powers will intervene. England
gave the great Powers to understand that the
Cnited States were back of them in this war
and the other countries paturally look for
US to say the first word. Loven after the main
body of the Boers is beaten the English will
have their hands full; as the Boers will keep
up a guerrillafight tn the mountains sirolilar
to that the ha. seg are now making. I think

there are troublous tunes ahead for England.
As soon ae the Exposition is over the French

as the feeling there is very bitter againet the
English. Germany is nearly as bad, too

“And speaking of the Exposition.” continued
Mr. Roosevelt. “American people of moderate
means had better not go to Paris. The pri
charged tor everything are outrageous at
the fair itself does not amount Sse
except as far as the pictures go. The Ameri-
can pictures are the best in the lot, too, and we
have all seen them at the National Academy
of Design. Nothing else ia ready at the ff r
except a lot of cheap Bowery fake ' 6
buildings are not at ail complete and in many
of them the bare rafters even are not cov’

up. I do not think that the fair will be in good
running order until Rentember at least. And
even then, it will not be very much. _ The build-
ines there are colored and the whole effect, to
me at lane? wos very tawdry and chean and
not to be compared with thé white buildings
of the Colurobian Exposition. whet Ameri-
cans have been to Paris to aee the fair eo far
have been discusted and have spent their time
in visiting other parts of Europe. The French
and the Americans are the only people that have
been to the fair, I did not see any Germans
or English to amount to anything. Even
what Frenchmen were there came from the
provinces and were pleased with the fair as
oar en untry cousias sre eames wie 8 ny
‘air. The ways of the French people are ex-
asperating. Why, it took the railroad officials
in Paris on one day that I made it my business
to wpvegtigate over five hours to handle 500
trunks,”

 

TURN

The Famous Boston Men Will Be Called at
Sunrise and Will Make a Day of It.
Boston, June 3.~At sunrise to-morrow
the Ancient and Honorable Artillery Com-
pany will begin the celebration of its
two hundred and sixty-second  anniver-
sary. While the day will be observed with spirit
the members of the company cannot forget
what it might have been had the London com-
pany been able tobepresentatthe celebration,
as was intended. If the original programme
for the day's festivities had been possible the

Londoners would bave been here to enjoy the
welcome of the company, plans for which bad
been mapped out on asumptuous scale. The
war in South Africa will prevent the English-
men from attending, eo the ceremonies of the
day willbe practically arepetitionof all the an-
niversaries that have gone before,, At sunrise
the Held musie of the company will awaken the
officers at their various stations, and will sound
the alarm for members to gather at Faneuil
Hall. The company will parade through the
city, with Capt. f.

being reviewed by the Governor the column
will procead to the new Old Bouth Chureh for
religions services. A banquet follows Iater
at Faneuil "all, and the old-time drum-head
election, with a review and the commissioning
of the officers for 1900, will take place after the
banquet on the old Common parade ground.
A large number of

guests will attend the

 

ANCIENTS OUT TO-DAY,

 

anquet.

 

W. T. HYDE'S HORSE RUNS AWAY,

Messenger Boy on a Bicycle Causes a Smash-
up in Greenwich, Conn,

Grernwicn Conn., June 3.—-Willlam T.
Hyde, a lawyer of New ‘ork city, was the vic-
tin of a runaway to-day, the result of caroless-
ness on the part of a Western Union Telegraph
messenger. Mr. Hyde and his wife were riding
in a hackney cart when Sammy Bolden came
along on a bicycle, racing with another boy.
Bolden was not on quty atthe time. His wheel
ran into Mr. Uydge’s horse, oeusing it to ru
away, upsetting the cart and throwlng i. an
Mrs ares out, They escaped with bruises,
but the horse was badly hurt and the oart de-
molished. The bicycle was smashed, but the
boy was not injured at all.

Mr. Hyde has a
summer residence here

 

 

MARINE INTELLIGENCE.

 

MINIATURT. ALMANAC—THIS DAY.

Sun rises......4:4| Sunsets 7:26 | Moon sets..12:00
HIGH WATER--THIS DAY.

Sandy Hook. 12:07 | Gov. 1'4.12:39 | Hell Gate ..2:32

 

Arrived—SuNDAY, June 3.

Se La Bretagne, Alix, Havre, May 26.

Ss Statendam, Van der Zee, Rotterdam, May 24,
Ss Mesaba, Segrave, London, May 24

Ss Mannhetm, Ockelmann, Rotterdam. May 20.
Ss St Bede, MePherson, Manila, April 10,

Ss Salerno, Bearpark, Newcastle. May 18,

Ss Aral, Nicholas, Rotterdam, May 15

Sa Yucatan, Robertaon, Vera Cruz, May 25,

Ss Cataluna, Munariz, Vera Cruz, May 26,

Ss Horox, Bayly, Pernambuco, may 8

Ss Proteus, Gager, Newport News, June 2,

Ss Geo. W. Ciyee. Chicbester, Drunswick, May 30,
Ss Hamilton, Boar, Norfolk, June 3.

Ss Winifred Ritch, Port Tampa, May 27,

Ss Nacoochee, Smith, Savanneh, June 1.

Ss Benefactor Swain Philadelphia June 2.

$s HM. Whitney, Hallett, Boston, June 2.

3s Manhattan, Bennett, Portland, June 2.
Barkentine Shawmut, Allea, New Orleans, May 13,

 

ARRIVED OUT.

Ss Westernland, from New York, at Antwerp.
Ss Georgic, from New York, at Liverpool,

—-———

SAILED FROM FOREIGN PORTS
Ss Campanta, from Queenstown for Yew York,
Ss Friedtich. from Southampton for New York.
Ss Certe. from Liverpool for New York.

 

OUTGOING STEAMSHIPS.
Sail To-morrow,

  

Mails Close. Vessel Salts,
K. W. der Grosse, Bremen. 700 AM 1000AM
Belgravia, Hambur® .....  ceecceee : 1100AM
Alamo, Colot.........+66.. 930AM 100PM
Troquols, Charleston ..... 0.0... Sb20 300PM
Fl Norte, New Orleans ceae 300PM
Grenada, (Grenada... .... LI OOAM 100 P M
Hevelius, La Plata 1200M 200P M
Greelan Prince, La Plata, 200P M 400 b M
Catalupa, Gonon ... ae es s0oPM
Mt Vernon, Inagua 1000AM 1200M

Sail Wednesday, June 6.
St. Paul, Southampton. TO AM fon
Majestic, Liverpool... . DOOAM i? 00 S "
Noordland, Antwerp -10230AM 1200M
Patria, Nanles..... ° ete .
Seneca, fampteo...,...... 100PM 300P M
Saul Thursday, June 7.

Ta Bretagne, liavre SADDAM 0 0K
K. Friedrich, Hamburg... 63809 AM iS 08 A i
Harbaro su. Bremen + , . 1200M
Caracas, San Juan 1100AM 100P M
Voueatan, Havana 100PM 300PM
Niagara, Nassau 100PM s00PM
Pretoria, Kermuda AOD AM 1N00OAM
Gregory. North Oragil..... 400AM AOOAM
El Mar, New Orleans ...., 0 «6... ve s00PM

 

INCOMING STRAMSHIPS

  
 
 

 

 

 

    
 

 

    

Due To-day
Hisnanta beeeeee fambur eee 20
Cymric crecces cee SAVORDON. .0..0, 25
Gardenia . Gibraltar... rs
Heanerta Gibraltar 22
VIM... . 0000 seers Gibraltar vee a4
El Paso New Orleans 50
Loulsiana New Orleans 30
Trio Ueande Brunswick 1
Ono Hull 19
Due To-morrow

Friesland Antwerp.......
Laurentign (ilastow May 5a
Coneho Ga'veston May 8u
Altal.., »» Port Limon
Seminole rete eeeecee a aeigon ville June 2

Due Wednesday, Jure 6.
CMOPATIC.....s0cerererees Liverpool.......... y a
Aller Gibraltar... May rH
Lahn soeeeee - Bremen... May 20
Koentein Lalse..... Hremen . May 2
Preier City ' wansen May 23
Ailtones Colon . May a0
Bl sud New Orleans. June
Fineman bee ve St. Lucia May 39
Caribbee oe + St. Thomas...... June 1

Due Thursday, June 7.
Palatla Hambure M 2
Werneth Falls Swartea ° Map 3
Pornsset Gtyenitar May 23
Bueeros + Gibraltar... May 23
Handel... *St. Luets May 31

Due Friday, Lune &,
Columbia..... ‘ Cheebdoutt.soen seced
Bedouin... Gibraltar May 4
Newton... St. Luda ine i
Astoria..... + Glasgow,. -May 26

people are likely to start a war with England, ,

|

|
|

 

P. Cram in command, fter |

 

ilitary and municipal !

   

              
       
 

Warm weather brings out
the good qualities of the comfort.
allied-with-dress Tuxedo.

No dangling coat tails, no
tight fit; but a coat so easy that
some men even adopt it as a
smoking jacket.

If a man wants one, yet doesn’t
feel he can afford to spend much,
here’s a sergelined  silk-faced
Tuxedo, $20; here’s a—well,
very-best-of-the- best, $32; others
at £26 and $30.

Everything that goes with
dress or undress—for man or

boy.
Roarrs, Peet & Company,

254 Broadway, enor. Warren.
. and 7 and 9 Warren St

669 Broadway, cor. Prince.
1240 Broadway, cor 32d.
and 54 West 33d Si

We All ordere
by mail

 
 

  

MADE GAME OF A BRIDESCROON,

Boston Young Man Made to Do Ladicrous
Things in Cincinnati's Health OMice,

CINCINNATI, June 8.—-G. FH. Childs, the young
man from Boston, who yesterday married Miss
Margaret Harrison, daughter of L. 8. Harrison,
President of the First National Bank, was
made a butt for an hour in the Health
office one day lat week. Will Kittredge
and some of the local swells, including

a group from “Down Eust,"’ who came here
with ¢ rospective bri ‘oom, informed
Childs that he could not get a license to marry
in Cincinnati without a_ certificate of good
health, He agreed to undergo a test, and they
took him before Health Officer Davis to be ex-
amined. The latter was letinto the joke. As
Childs danced about the Health office first on
one footand then on the other, his companions
almost choked {n an attempt to smother their
lavehter. Childs was made to jump over
chairs, roll about on the floor and do other gym-
nactic feats, After being tested for mental
capabilities, Mr, Childs was officially pros
nounced in a first-elass condition of health,

 

AFTER TEN YEARS.

REWARDED
Richard Bauk Helped Mis Friend and Now the
Friend Is to Take Him to the Paris Fair.

San Francisco, June 8.—Richard Hauk, @
musician, left for New York this morning to go
tothe Paris fair with his friend, Frank Hedges
of New York. The two young men were chums
in Washington twelve years ago. Two years
later Hauk was playing a piano in a concert
saloon in Buffalo, and one giabt Hedges came
in. Hehad no money and Hauk took him to
his room and kept him for two montha until he

ot employment in New York. Hauk came

yest and had not heard from Hedges untila
few days ago when he received an invitation
toxo to the world’s fair with his old friend.
Hedges wired back that he couldn't pay trans-

rtationand he received next day an order

or $250 from Hedges.

 

 

 

DRUG LOST ‘GATOR FOUND.
Dead ina Cellar, and Broome Street Will Now
Sleep Easter.

The three-foot alligator lost from A. H. Solo-
taroff’s drug store at 71 Broome street ten days
ago was found dead yesterday morning in the
cellar of the adjoining bicycle store, and
Broome street feels happier in copsequanes,
The ‘gator disappeared while the show
window woe being cleaned, and since then the
neighbors have avoided dark gorners and their
slumbers have been far from less, Fro
supgarances, when the ‘gator waé found, {t ha
tried to get upder a avery table, which ha
fallen upon it, breaking ita back.

STORE'S

 

President McKinley to Visit Lenox,

PITTSFIELD, Masas., June 3,-—President
McKinley will probably visit Lenox some time
in July. John Sloane of New York, a close
friend of the President, who entertained him

nd Mre. McKinley with Secretary and Mra.
Russell A. Alger at his country place, Wynd-
burst, two years ago, has Jnvited Mr. McKinley
to be his guest after Congress adjourns,

Mr. Sloane understands that the President
intends to visit Canton, after which he will go
to Poland Springs, Me., forsome time. On his

way itis expected that he will stop at Lenox for
a@ week or 80.

 

MUSGRAVE-—LAMSON,—On Friday, June 1,
1900, at 62 West 03d st. by the Rev,
Henry Evertson Cobb, George Clarke Musgrave
© Mary Judson, daughter of the late John &
Lamson.

TIMPSON—LIVINGSTON,.—On June 1909, at
St. Paul's Church, Tivoll-on-Mudson, by the
Rev. R, V. K. Harris, assisted by the Rev. E. V.
Evans, Lawrence Timpson of Mailzeland to
Katharine, daughter of John Henry Livingston of
Clermont.

2,

 

DrIEYD.

AUSTIN.—At New Rochelle, N. ¥., Saturday
June 2, 1900, Edith Hatch, Infant twin daughter
of Eugene K. and Mabel Match Ausiin, aged 1
year and 21 days. Interment private.

CLARK.—On Sunday evening, June 3, 1990, at the
gjlotelEmptre, Broadway and Sixty third street,
Tlorace M. Clark.

Notice of funeral hereafter.

FARRAND.—On Sunday, June 3, 1900, at the red>
dence of her brother-in-law, Dr. W. K. Simpsom
052 Lexington av., Mima, daughter of the late
Joseph Steevens and Plizabeth Carrol Farran&

Interment at Hudson, N. ¥.

HOLBROW,—In the Philippines, May 19, 1900, a
typhus fever, Joseph (. H. Holbrow,Company Ay
Forty frst Regiment, Volunteers, son of Teunts V.
Holbrow of this eity

JOHNSON.—On Sunday, June 3, 1999, tn this city,
Elizabeth Nelson, widow of the Rev. John @
Johnson of Peekskill, N. Y., in her 74th year.

Notloe of funeral hereafter,

LEWISOHN,—Suddenly, on Thursday, May 81,
1900, Rosalie, beloved wife of Leonard Lewisoha,
in the 52d year of her age.

Relatives and friends are invited to attend the
funeral services at her late residence, 14 East
57th st., on Monday morning, June 4, at 0:16
o'clock. Kindly omit flowers.

MANGAM.,--VETERANS OF THE SEVENTH REG
MENT.— Members are requested to attend the funet
alservice of John W, Mangam, Third Company,
at 200 Stuyvesant av., Brooklyn, on Mondag
evening, June 4, 1990, at & oc'look.

THOMAS DIMOND, Oolonel.

MEYER. After short I!ness, on Saturday, June &
1990 John beloved husband of Ida B. Meyer,
in his 50th year

Funeral services on Monday, June 4, 1900, at hie
late resideres, 555 Bedford av., Brooklyn, at 6
PM. Interment private Kindly omit flowers

MORE.—At Puffalo, N. Y., May 31, 1900, Mor
man 1. More, aged 57 years.
The funeral from the family residence, 186 Hamp
shire street, Buffalo, Monday afternoon, June 4,
1900, at 2 o'clock,

PHILLIPS.-On June 1, 1990, at 846 Park av,
Samuet M., beloved son of Adeline and the late
IsnacPhillips, aged 20 years,

Relatives and friends are invited to attend the
funeral services at the residence of his muther, o@
Monday, June 4, 1900, atv 45 A. M.

CYPRESS HILLS CEMETERY.

 

ny
Nee

 

Office, 1 Madison av., corner 23d at,, N. ¥

_ = ————_ ey =
Rew Publications,

pannnannanns At i alte

RATT has book you want. Writehim. Catalogued
free. Old books bvught. PRATT, 16] 82 em