: .
BUSTLING SUNDAY IN CAMP,

RATIONS FOR THE 299D'S
Pach 10 LAKE MOHEGAN,

 

vement in Last Night’s Dress |
he Ladics to Admire—Lecture |
Army Officer —A Baseball Game |
dent-The Governor's Visit.
Even Sunday brings
sost to the soldier in camp, The men of the
Swanfyensoond and the Sixty-ninth put in
2 sd a service from reveiile until ofter dress
ee very interesting feature of the
work to-day was the lecture of Capt. Lyon
of the rwenty-second Regulars, Capt. Ly on,
who got two severe wounds at San Juan Hill
{ pr of the two Regular officers who can be |
A this year for State camp instruction.

marked Impro
Parade for t
by a Regular
and an Accel

PREKSKILD June 3

 

parade. A

 

spared
His lecture this afternoon was attended by
nearly all the officers In camp and was much |

sted both by them and the men, His |

yprecl
Scant bore particularly upon the duty the
Tweaty-seeond will be called upon to perform
toemorrow ~ that is, the iareb in heavy march-

ing order to the canip at Lake Mohegan, seven

Phe Captain talked about advance

niles awa

and rear-euard work, breaking and pitching
camp. formation on the march and the move-
ment of wagen frais To-morrow morning
theregiinent will putin practice a good deal that
jt learved this afternoon as we ll as a good deal
that it knew before about the subject of get-
ting where it wants to go ia soldierly wav,

Gey Roe and his entire staf, accompanied by
Col. Bartlett, rede over to Lake Mohegan to-
day and inspected the site of the eamp the
Twent ond will occupy from to-nerrow
until Wednesday Phe place is one of the most
beantit all the beautiful country around
here, The « p will be only a short distance
from the shore of the lake and near the large

summer hotel, Where a@ number of New Yorkers
already quartered for { The

water is excelien aud ali Che other esse ntials

he ser
are e SeAsOon

     
 

 

 

   

   

   

    
     
    

   

  
      

 

to a healthful caroplng vronid are there If
to-morrow is as cool as to-day Las been the men
should not be mueh exhausted by the tramp
notwithstanding the steop bills they have got
to h and the magged, stony road they will
hi to march over
The day Was so fine that an unnexpectedly
large mber of visitors eame to the camp
of them came from
y towns but there was
v Ve Ts umong them. |
other officers of the |
up early in the day and |
sit of several hours, They as well as |
ver visitors were muel impressed with |
appearerice of the men of both regis
n Although they ve only been here a
hit ver twenty-four s there is a notices
able t in their work. The dress
par rda iffernoon were much
cor Goer foe, but those of this
ey etly better Whether it all |
}
wa acayv's work or was due
to mong % rea number |
of s certain they went throug the |
Lb particuiiirly the mauual of arms,
wl wid preeision that justified all the
a
i ind their wretched
ariuory aceommedat ions Sisty-ninth makes
aremarkebiy fine snowing The revgiment has
673 nen here and ontnumbers the Twenty.
second, whieh has 400 the presence of
two regim one appearing on the parade
ground after the other, tiaies d parade a
Jong coremony and gives it the added interest
of something like a competitive drill This |
is countod as one of the advantages at least of |
br ug two regiments jute Camp at the same |
tin rhe next »> regiments to come are the
Nioth and Twelfth, They will get here next |

Saturday

Che detall of sixteen men from the First Bat-
tery of Artillery, Cant. Wendel, who are here
to do the wiun-ilring incident to cump life, will
remain unti the Ninth and Tweltth go home,
when they will be replaced by another detail

 

 

of the same number of men from the same
batrory, 7 only. other organizations rep-
sented here is Squadron A. At his own request
Private W. BO. Field of the First Troop of

that squadron was detailed as headquarters
orderly, and he will remain until camping sea-
son is over which will be in the early part of
next inonth

Lieut.-Col, Strong of the Sixty-ninth umpired
a baseball came ths afternoon. It was played
by serub nines made up of men from the Twenty-
second anc the Sixty-pinth, It was an excit- |
ing game while it lasted and pros ‘d to be

 

a close one’ but the first me. eall came just |
as the fifth inning closed, and the game was
called off It had been interrupted a few
minutes before it ended by what at first was

thought te bea serious accident The
crowd had ®een edging closer and closer to the
players, notwithstanding the faet that it was
repeated! woved back, and hot fouls had
narrowly missed hitting somebody before, at
last one red hot from the bat shot straight into
a dense group with such connon-ball velocity
that dody ing was outof the question, Itstruck
alittle boy named George Snyder, who lives
here in Peekskill, squarely in the side and
knocked him gasping and uncon-cions to the
ground. There was ereat excitement for a
moment and a summons for a stretcher was |
hurried in, But the littl fellow, who is only
9 vears old, soon came to bis -en-es, and by the
time Red Cross men with a stretcher appeared
enarin at the other end of the parade ground
the bow was able to stand. He was assisted
actoss the fleld by a couple of soldiers and was
enoigh himself te turn a very white, wan little
fie over his sjoulder and see how the game,
whew had been resumed was going on

With the exeeption of Capt. Evans of the
Sixtveninth, who still on the invalid list
from the heavy fall he got from his runaway
horse 1s he was coming into camp yes.
terday with his regiment, all the men of both
commands are in excellent health, The
Was a rumor about headquarters this evening
that one of the Carntains of the Sixty-ninth
had been talen with so severe an attack of
appendicitis that he would haye to be put into

st

  

 

 

  

      

the bosnital here in Peekskill for an opera-
tion, The Adjutant of the regiment, however,
said that th» story was without foundation,

If the train baring Goy, Roosevelt is on
time should arrive at the camp to-morrow
morn if about 10 o'clock, Gen, Roe and
the oMeers of his staff will ride down to Roa
Hook to meet him and escort him to camp,
Where ho will be greeted with a salute of nine.
feen gins and the ether mil'tary honors due
to Governors when they go to eamn visiting
It is expect that the Governor's coming
wil bring anther large crowd of visitors if
the day is as pleasant as to-day. People back
hthe country whe live on the line of march
to Mohegan Lake can see him without leave
ie tur homes, however, for, in eomnany
with ten, Roe and his » he will ride to
th Twenty-second Regi nt’s camp near
the lake as soon as the formalities of his re.
option here are over, On his return from

lake Mohogan there will be a dress parade
of the Sixty-ninth in his honor, and he will
ave for Albariy train that will stop at
oa Hoo ‘cially to piek him up at about
4M in the afternoon

Among the visiters to the camp this after.
noor » Mrs Roe, wife of Gen. Roe, and a
mumte r aft | id es, her friends Gen
it Highland Falls, near

    

  

en

    

 

other
urmer hor

   

 

    

, ie a ths evening the General and
. the oficers of his staff accompanied
Mr, Roe on her return he me. The party went
On a steam Jauneh, eb ered in) Peekskill, |
and he Ge al his staff returned to
cimp eroin the evening
lk Is servicers were held for the benefit
fter regiments in the forenoon and the
Afternoon to-day, and the large tent of the ¥i

 

1 Crowded at a spect
rion of Capt. Evans is so far ime
that he was removed from the
his own tent, where he is being
ter by the surgeons of the regiment,
if he will return to duty during
s stay in campanditis even une
Just how se s injuries are

al service held

 

to

  
    

ONLY OVE SOCTALIST AT COLU WRIA,

University Not Likely to Send Representatives

 

 

tothe Congress at Paris,
The und r . }
{ Mittesof Columbia University
have recs dnt invitee ¢ } |
ininevitation fromthe University |
; j
‘ endia ternational congress of |

Students and graduates to be held in j

  
  

 

   

connert '
naps withthe Repo-ition in Paris some |
itr "
; Cin Sept mber, This willbe the third cone |
ent iret
irs hind. the flest having been held |
Gene n Ist und the second in 1802 at |
4
Ne 8 or ft Socialist students of the |
Mav a: y Colleges Wa ld in Bost) non 4}
( ee delegates ta conference At j
J OF Ww vi'l be tound. |
thatas a ime to time
the le ib \ ized under |
raduat Colege of |
|
ois a posteruduate |
; 7 nee and history at)
& e 7 nd Wien oO prooouwedd
= ‘ ' is hot been fore
; Vairteon farses Perteh ina Fire. '
ry ‘
hi. : were burned to deathina:
fo aay oe ee ver near East Twenty.
ing 4tbush, early yesterday morne
814 of har; Ntvof hay and feed and twen y |
as burne { * Were destroyed and the building |
Ontractor oe ee round ‘Tunis Ruiter, a
Owned the hog Pougan Lill, Staten Island,
ses.

| the skin and frame could be sold to advantage

| ton

    
 

BANKRUPT’S GIFT TO HIS WIFE.
Revelations About It When She Has McKin-
ney Arrested for Abandonment.

George T. McKinney, who several years |
ago was u wealthy importer of dried fruits, |
was in the West Side police court yesterday on |
a charge of non-support preferred by his wife, |
Mrs. Alice McKinney of 275 Columbus avenue,:
who had him arrested on May 30. He has been |
in the court jail sisce awaiting examination,
Mrs. McKinney is good-looking and was well- |
dressed. Her husband's appearance showed |
traces of the hard luck which he, say's, has
pursued him since his failure. He said that
his failure four years ago had parted him from
his wife. She had bade him good-by one
morning afterward, he said, and when he came
home that night he found their flat empty, |
except for a bed and a chair. His watch had
even been removed with other valuables. This
was after he had given his wife a check for
3500), At the time of his failure, he said, he
had given her a note and nade her a preferred |
creditor for $2,000,

‘Does that mean,” asked Magistrate Pool, |
“that you were defrauding your creditors in |
behalf of your wife?” |

McKinney said he didn’t look at it in that
way. His lawyer broke in and said he thought |
it a very honorable proceeding. MeKinney
went on to sav that alnoe his failure he had
been employed only fourteen months and
all he made during May was $40. Under a!
cross-examination he said that_the lawyer
for his sanareee was William T. Wood of 150
Broadway, his cousin, He (McKinney) lived
how at 208 West 112th street and paid $27 a
month rent,

“Who keeps house for you?” inquired Mrs,
MeKiinney's counsel,

MeKinney satd his housekeeper was a friend,
a Mrs. Katherine Finner. He bought the
household supplies. j

Mrs. MeKinney said that the 2.000 for which
she received a note at the time of the failure
was due to her because she had earned it and
had given it to her husband to help him in
his business. She had received on the note
$925 froin her husband and #00 from Wood
in full saticfaction of her cleins. Magistrate

 

Pool said he wanted to see the man Wood.
“It appears to me," said he. “that there is

something he ough? to explain about this.”

prove

Mrs. McKinney's lawyer offered to
that MeKinner waa supporting Mere F
and asked for tine to procure testimony.
Magistrate adjourned the hearing till
inorning and directed that Wood be subpanaed
MeKinvev's lawver refused to tell where Wood |
lived. The Magistrate ordered that every |
man by the natne of Wood in city directory be
sut naed if Lawver Wood's address couldu't
be und any other way. McKinney was
then taken back to jail.

er

  

  

THE INJURED ELEPIVANT.

Didn't Have to Pe Turned Over With Tackle
After He Krew What Was Wanted,
Sport. the elephant which was injured by |
a fall from a moving freight train a week ago
near Seranton, Pa., and which hes been an
ob ect of great interest in Newark ever since,
with the rest of the cirens
morning and is on the way
Hope of the animal's recovery

Was taken
early yesterday;

to Daltimore

away

has been held out by everybody except Pr. |
James DP. Hopkins, the veterinary who was |
attending Sport in) Newark, Dr Hopkins |
did all that could be done for the mischievous |
and intelligent brute and at the -ame time
learned) considerable which may be of use |
later if he ever has another elephant upon
his hands

lie feared congestion would attack the ani-
mal’s lungs if it was allowed to lie upon one
side all the time and he had it turned over
every day, On the third day Sport saw the
preparations for turning him over and decided
to doit himself and save the men a lot of bard
work, He did it with his trunk after sween-
ing together a pile of strawtoresturpon, After
that he turned over whenever he was told
to do so and invariably made his bed anew |
before turning, That Sport wos in consicer-
able pain all the time was shown by his fre-
quent groans, human in everything but volume
Hie trumpeted loudiy when the other elepharts
of the show arrived at the freight yard just
alter dawn vesterdaymorning and one of them
answered his call,

Dr, Hopkins said yesterday that at no time
since Monday had he given the owner of the
elephant any eneouragement to hope that)
it would recover. He was sure that of
the vertebrae was fractured and that the ani- |
mal could never walk again, but the owner |
did not want Sport killed in Newark because
it was difleult to dispose of the remains the
and a dead elephant in the right place is al-
wavs of considerable value. Dr. Hopkins
said that Sport would probably be killed at
Mr. Bostoek’s place near Baltimore, where

 

 

one

 

  

$1,500
the

He said that the skin was worth about
and the skeleton as much more when
proper market was reached,

SAENGERFEST PREPARATIONS,

The Invitation to the President--A Great
Torchlight Processton,

The United Singers of Brooklyn had a dele-
gates’ meeting yesterday afternoon in Arion
Hall, Williamsburg, and received a report
from the committee which went to Washing-
last week to invite President MeKinley
to attend the National Singing Festival to be
held in the Thirteenth Kegiment Armory ln
the beginning of July under the direction of
the Northeastern Saengerbund and the United
Singers of Brooklyn. The conimittee cons
sisted of 8S. K. Saenger, President of the sing-
ers; August H. Tiemann, Dr. W. John Sehildge |
and former Civil Justice Nev, and they re-
ported that they had had an audience with
the President, He had promised to write |
to the committee within a few days and let
them know whether or not he would be pres-
ent. The committes received assurances from

Count THlolleben, the German Ambassador,that
he would be on hand and trans{er to the United
Singers the beautiful prize given by kmperor
William of Germany.

David Koos, chairman of the Entertain- |
ment Committee, made a report on the torch- |
light parade to be held on the night of June
30 to mark the opening of the festival, He
said that the Plattdeutseher Volksfest Yerem |
intended to pvuster 1,000 men and that nine
other societies would furnish a large number,
There would be about seven thousand in line.

 

 

 

 

WHERE WOULD A PERJURER GO?
“Rack to His Laundry,'’’ Responds a China-
man Unversed in American Law.

Sam Lee was aroused from slumber in his
laundry at 654 Seventh avenue early yesterday
morning by a young necro who turned out the
was and inade for the street, while some one
outside smashed in the window and emptied
the cash drawer, The negro was collared out-
side by detectives who hed heard the China-
man's yel'sandSam appeared as complainant
against him in the West Side police court yes-
terday, bringing along a countryman to act 4s
interpreter

“Does this complainant understand the na-
ture of an oath?” siag strate Pool asked of the
juterpreter. There wasabriet conference Le-
tween the two Chinamen and then the interpre-
ter said he thought Sam did

“asic him, aid the Magistrate, ‘if he under-
stal.ds where he il go ii he swears falsely

The interpreter and San spent several min-
utes over this, Then. the interpreter turned
and said withan air of having settled it: ‘He
cay he go back to him laundry.”’

Proceedings under oath as far as Sam was
concerned were disp: nsed with after this, but
as the Chinaman saidh recognized the prisoner
esx the negro who had helped to rod him the
map was held

GOOD SAMARITAN LOCKED UP,

| Drunken Man Me fried to Liclp Accused Him ,

of Stealing Money Me Hadn't Lost.

Lenry Rilty of 407 West Forty-ninth street |
was arrested in the Tenderloin on Saturdiy |
night because Martin Merrict of 403 West Forty
second street accused him of stealing $5 from
hin while he wasina drunken stupor. Merritt |
was locked up, teo, for being drunk. In court |
yesterday Kiity sald he hod not taken the other
Inn's money, but had tried to help him heme

“Woy, said Kilty, pointing to Merritt, “this
man borrowed ad ilar in the prison last might |
frou another prisoner, and this morning I saw
hin find his mone and pay back the doviar

Merritt admitted the truth ot this statement,

| Mawistrate at one discharged Kilty

 
     

al 1 ;
"Astor you,” hesad to Merrit ‘twill nave

your (ine $3 for easing thisajan, afte. he had

trie. to be lp yon, te be locked up all pighr.”

Ant!-Doer Preacher Asked to Reston,

s, dunes -The Rev. George B
of the First Baptist Chureh, the
wealthiest congregation in the
et ' asked to resign because
of pulpit utterances on public issues that

have not met with the approval of his flock.
Mr. Titus reecnuy gave expression to some
strong views auainst the ers, and it is
though! that these remarks precipitated the |
call for his resignation, |

Evercet, Ma
Titus, pastor
vod

largest

  

; ers

| dencies

fil

 

—————
——_—

GOSPEL TENT OPEN AGAIN,

ITS PROMOTERS RFSUME
CAMPAIGN OF SOUL SAVING,

 

Ministers From Several Churches Promise
Their Co-operation tn the Old-Fashioned
Kvangelistic Work to Be Conducted There,

Services in the Gospel tent “Gled Tidings,”
inthe open lot at the corner of Vifty-sixth
street and Broadway, which were so largely at.
tended Inst suimimer, were resiued yesterday

| ajternoon and the: ampaign begun there wi!) be

continued throughout the hot weather the sume
as it was last season, only onslightly different
lines, There was a iarge crowd at yesterday's
meeting despite the wind, which caused the
tent to tremble ominously, and despite the
black clouds overhead, which threatened to
Campen things at any m nute, In addition to
the workers who will have charge of the ser-
vices during the s a-on there were present a
purnber of ininisters, several of whom spoke,
promising their suppert to the evangelistic
work.

The Rev. 8S. Lartwell Pratt, who will have
charee of the tent this season, opened yester-
day afternoon's servic: by explaining the lines
on which the work is to beconducted, He said
that meetings would be held in the tent every

' Sunday afternoon at 40'clock and every even-

ing during the week save Saturday. The ser-
viees will be continued until Get. 1, and through
that mon‘h it the weather will permit. “What
we are trying to dothis year,’ sait Mr. Pratt,
“4s toget the churches interested in our work.
We want the churehes to help usdocur missions

ary work. Last year Ww worked to get
those whom we brought to Christ to
connect them-elves with some churel. This

year we are going to give the names of those
we win to the churches ond have them see t at
they ally themselves with some church. We
have every promise of assistance from the min-
Isters aud (he churches aud su can look for+
ward to the work of the season hopefully,

 

 

Deon es ‘ t call lenpeen eoindietore
From time to tine well-known ministers
speak inthis tent, and Mr. W. Ro Moedy

promised us the cream ot the Nori htieid speak-
Last year we began the sevson in this
tent with an$scOdebt on our shoul ters, This
year our total indebtedness is but $250, most of
that being forthe storage of the tent during
the winter and the expense of putting it up.”
William Phillips Hall, who is known as the
business man evangelist, and who is the Presi-
dent of the Board ot Directors of the tent, said
that the promises were great, ana that he teit
sure that the resuits of this summer would be
even more graticying than las eason. “We
are not here to proselyte,' he sa'd, “neither are
we here inthe interest of any one denomina-

 

  

       
 
 

tion, Weare here to save souls and we \ ant to
saveall weean ‘To all those who are one
ot prof Christ we want to say that we wil

notin any y inthence them in th» selection
of any Chareh Let them te!lus what denom-
ination they wish to go in and we will help them
to a Churel i! they have not already picked one
out. It fs our opioien that the Christian Church
was never so well equipped to graprie with the
powers of darkness as it is to-day There
never were such workers in the cause of Curist.
and let mesay that the cause of Christ is the
Winning cause

“The Methodist Bishops of the North recently
became alarmed at the decadence of interest in
the Churel and they issued a statement in

 

| which they att ibuied ft to a spiritual famine,

I believe that the trouble with usisa lack of
spiritual power What we want {is a great
downpour of spiritual pore to imbue
Churehand the ministry Let us proy tora great
hunger and thirst tor this gracious power of the
Holy Ghost. If we in this tent this afternoon
could get this power as we want it we could
shake New York from centre to ciroumference,
Let us pray continuously for that spiritual ful-
ness that will enable each oneofus to bring
twenty-five souls to ffm a day curing the sume
ner

‘In 1857, when this country was shaken by a
creat financial trouble, a member of the Duteh
Reformed Church opened a noonday mission

' down in Jobu street, and it. proved to be the

the agitated business men of
Frou, that mission there
sprang Inissions all over the country, and the
result was the saving of a million souls lhe
time has come when we need snoth rsuch re-
vival. If we will take the same ady.ntage
of conditions now as was taken during those
panies of 1857, we ought to have as good results
We need a pentecostal fulness in Christian
effort. Let that be the work 0! this tent”

The Rev. Dr. MacArthur, told of the interest
of the Churches in revivals of the sort carried
oninthe tent. His own experience, he said,
had shown that it was just as easy to convert
neomle in the summer asin the winter, and his
prayers would go up for the success of the
work"

The Rev S. Parks Cadmanofthe Metropolitan
Temple saidthat it was the plain duty of all
the denominations to get together and aid the
tent. He was a great believer in aggressive
Christianity and thought that there could be no
better proof of its effectiveness than the results
of last year’s work “Too wany. of our
elhurenes,”’ said Pr Cadman, ‘‘don’t care to
have everybods comein. They can't get over
the habit of rent ne their pews.""

The Rev. Theodore 8. Henderson of Rrookivn
said that he thought New York nocded Pente-
cost more than anything else, clean streets and
public improvements included

Around the platforin in the tent this year are
a number of signs which are aprarentiv in
protest against the present unerthodox ten-
The largest of thesesignsreads: “The
Another read

very thing that
the city needed

Scripture cannot be broken.”
“The Old Faith.”

 

NEW RISHOP OF SAVANNAH.

 

The Rev. Benjamin Kelley Consecrated
St, Peter's Cathedral, Richmond,

Nicumonp, Va, June 3. With most impres-
Father Benjamin J. Keiley was
this morning consecrated Bishop of the See of
Savannah at St. Peter's Cathedral Not for
many vears have so many dignitaries of the
Catholie Church assembled here, enief among
them being his Fminence, Cardinal Gibbons, who
conducted the consecration services, assisted
by Bishop Northrop of Charleston, 8.C., and
Bishop Mahon of Wilmington, Dei The ad-
dress was delivered by the Rev. Father 8. J.
McCarthy, who is one of the finest speakers in
the Catholic Chureh. The cere;nonies occupied
three anda half hours, At their conclusion a
Innecheon was served at a hotei, at which were
present the Cardinal, Bishops iriests and the
members of Bishop Koiley's family The new
Bishop isthe seventh to oceupy the See of
Savannah, which celebrates its golden jubilee
on July 9 next

sive ceremonie

 

 

 

Rabbi Wise's Farewell Sermon,

The annual confirmation services of the Con-
aregation B'nai Jeshurun were held yesterday
morning in the temple at Madison avenue and
Sixty-fifth street and the Rev Stephen 8. Wise,
the iinister, preached his farewell sermon.
Mr. Wise has been minister to the congregation
for seven years and he goes now to Portland
Gre, to another temple A call had sounded
{u his heart, he said, and eagerly had he fol-
lowed it, to cause the Word of God to live in
new places. No passing ciprice could induce
him to go from the place so long his hoine, at
what cost his hearers would never know,

Dr. McDivalne Goes to Pittsbarg,

The Rev. J. H. Mellvaine, DD, has accepted
aecail to Calvary Parish, Pitttsburg He was
formeriy the pastor of the Chure) of the Cove-
nant at Park avenue and Thirty-fifth street,

and afterward co-pastor wih Dr. yan Dyke
of the brick Church. He was orcained to the
priesthood of the Episcopal Church by Bishop
Potter in i808, and -ince then he has been at
work in this city. He went to Pittsburg in
March to take charce of the parish for four
months, and has decided to remain there

A Celebration in Amory 1, Bradford's Church,

Montcuatn, No d., June 3.—Thecelebrationof
the thirtieth anniversary of the First ( ongres
ional Chureh i. this place began this morn-

apniversary serpoy by the pastor,

  
  
     
     
         

 

 

H. Bradford, who has been
of the chureh from the beginning. The
Newell Dwight Hills, raster of Piyrmonth
Chureb, Brookien, oreach -night on “She
Inflnenee of Jesus Oyriat stion
aoe oem en ane wane:

 

For $5 a Month

you can have

Telephone Service

at your

Office, Store or Hause.
Ae OGL

Telepiane Stations
in Manhattan,

One-year Contracts, Moathly Payments.
NEW YORK TELEPHONE COMPANY
it Weet 38th St, 15 Dey St.

  

 

the}

TIE SUN, MONDAY, JUNE

"
_

7

PATHER DUCFY GAVE IT A TRY,

4, 19°95.

'

' New Style of Collection Plate Gets a Pract'cal |

THEIR |

 

Test at St. Leo's

After the sermon at the 11 o'clock mass yester-
day Father Duoey, ; ator of St. Leo's Chureh
in Kast Twenty-eighth street, told the congre-
gation that during the week ho had been visited
by a man who wanted bim to try a number of
what he termed “ecclesiastical inventions,”
One of the inventions was a curiously con-
structed collection plate, the object of whieh
was to increase the average of church collec-
tions 16 per cent

“The invention comes from the diocese of
Rochester,” said Father Ducey, smilingly, “and
the man who is introducing it said that all of
the other churehes had obtained a supply of
the boxes. The invention, it) was claimed,
would prevent, for instance, a wealthy man
from putting in a bright cent for a five-dollar
gold piece, [t would be there in the box belore
the eyes of his fellow parishioners and the col-

lector long enough to ascertain just how much
it was, and then it would aisappear into a_re-
ceaptacl+ below operated by the collector, ‘The
invention was proof against the dishonesty of
a collector 1} yery much like the numerous
tavniating binehines in the commercial world
the man who was giving to God would have
the satisfaction of seeing his contribution go
down into the lower reeeptacle, from whieh
only the pastor could take it,

“L laughed at the idea, What a charge
against tue honesty of the church member and
the collector! Such ecclesiastical inventions
have no place in the House of God, They are
a reflection upon the hone ty of intention of
every one, One might Just as well use a rege
istering bell and announce the amount each
parishioner gives. Well, they sent me two of
the new inventions, but T sball not use them
tore than one day. They will be used this
morping to show you what they ere like, and
T promise you that they will not be used in this
ehureh again while lam pa. tor

When the pastor had stepped down from the
paleit all waited anxiously to see the now ma-
chines, Soon the four ushers marched up the
aisles, The two in the middle aisle were armed
With the machines while those in the side aisles
had the old plates, ‘The former two approached
the dest pew in whieh Was an eldealy man. Hie
eyed the apparats for afew seconds and then
threw ina Bit Tho usher pressed a button,
and the parishioner saw his money disappear,
The ushers wore a broad smile as they went
the rounds pushing the buttons for every coin
or bill they received, and true enongh, every
one saw exactly what his neighbor gave.

  

 

   

 

 

DR DEWEY BEGINS HIS PASTORATE.

Plymouth Chorch Sends Him a Welcome by
the Rev. Morice Vorter.

The Rev. Dr. Harry P. Dewey preached his
first sermon as pastor of the Chureh of the
Pilvrims in Brooklyn yesterday morning,
Owing to the serions illness of the Rev, Dr.
Richard Salter Storrs, who was pastor of the
church for fifty-three years, there was a gloom
over the congregation which was noticeable,

Dr. Dewey's text was ‘Grace be unto you.”
He said that a better prayer could not be
uttered than the words of Paul, “Grace be unto

you.”

‘They signify all that is sweetest and lovell-
est,” he continued, “It does not mean so much
thatthere shallbe grace, for the grace of God
is always present with us abundantiy; but it
means that we should be In a condition to re-
ceiveit. If we are true Christiana we must rec-
ognize the inestimable value of God's peace
But how often the wisdom of frail humanity
clashes with God's wisdom in this respect!”

In speaking of faith, Dr. Dewey said: "Se are
wanting in enthusiasm inthe Church. We want
virility and hope of youth. The patriotisin and
joy inthe hearts of soldiers coming back from
the battleflelds, worn and haggard and under
the tattered flag, can never be known by the
civilian. They say that the happiest faces at
the Kenmenical Conference were those of the
mi-sionaries, Our faith must be obedient. It
must go Where it does not see, That dors not
mean that it mu-t be an irrationa! faith, but one
that goes out ol the known and swings out into
theunknown We must be willing and if the
gates are open God's grace will come in.”

The Rev. Horace Porter, assistant pastor of
Plymouth Churei, who had been seated in the
rear of the church, at the conclusion of the
morning service approached Dr. Dewey and in-
formed him that le brought the hearty greet-
ings of Plymouth Church and ita people to Dr.
Dewey and the Church of the Pilgrims, Dr
Dewey expressed great pleasure when he heard
Mr. Porter's message and thanked him on be-
half of the Church of the Pilgrims.

Communion services were he'd in the after-
noon, at whi b Dr. Dewey officiated. Four new
members were received on confession of faith,

 

TERM “CHRISTIAN'' MISUSED NOW,
East Indian Clergyman Says It Has Come to

Mean Simply a Controversiallst,

The Rey. Babu Protap Chunder Mozoomdar,
a minister of the Chureh of the Brahma Somaj
of India, delivered on address at the Unitarian
Church of the Messiah, Thirty-fourth street and
Park avenue, yesterday morning. The Hindoo
preacher came to this country to attend the
Unitarian Conference recently held in Boston.
He specks English with only aslight accent
His theme was the unity of the Spirit of God
with the spirit of man. In the course of his
addreas he said

“If Jeavs Christ were on earth to-day He
would not bea (bristian. He would call Him-
ee}f something else. Christian, as it is usually
understood, savors too much of theologtcal
controversy and not enough of Christ, I would
call every man and woman who fs trying to fol-
low the teachings of Christ Christ-men and
Christ-women, That means men and women
like Christ. Christian has come to mean simply
@ controversialist

MARRIED PRINCIPALS WANTED.

School Board of Holyoke, Mass,, Has Objec-
tlon to Employing Bachelors.

Horyoke, Mass, June 3.—The Holyoke
School Board doesn't intend to be accused
of discouraging matrimonial advancement.
In two buildings there were bachelor princi-
pals, while in a third was a young man fresh
from college. The two bachelors are now
engaged after the members of the School Board
had explored the building where one of the
bachelors taught, and had questioned the
principal closely, Committeeman Carmody,
who acted as spokesman, said

“The committee is very well pleased with
the way you have carried on the work the
past year, but there is one thing that we feel
should be impressed upon you, and the posi-
tion you take in the matter will determine to
a considerable extent your continued services
here. To be frank with you, it is the wish
of the members that you marry We have
decided to make it a rule that all principals
of grammar sciiools shall hereafter be mar-
vlad, as we believe better results can be ob-
tained.” °

The princtpal is now engaged.

DROWNED WOMAN WAS MRS, OLSEN,

 

Statement of Capt, Andersen Who Was With
Mer in the Boat That Capsized.

Mrs. Lavinia Glsen, 40 years old, was the
woman who was drowned off Pier No.5 of the
Central failroad at Jersey City late Saturday
night. She was with Capt Bertel Andersen of
the barge Brooklyn. Andersen, who was res-
cued and taken to the City Hospital, made a
statement yesterday to the police, He said he
had known the wornan for twenty years, but

where her busband is he does not remember.
She came aboard the barge a week ago when it
was lying at a Brooklyn wharf and as he had
no cook be gave her the job.

On Saturaay night they had been ashore to
surehase provisions. He had two drinks. She
had many, and when they reached the boat
to row off to the barge «he was intoxicated.
He wanted her to be carctul, but she sat on the
vide of the bont and it overturned, Fora time
he held her up, but finally hi trepeth gave
out and he bad tolet woot her to save limeelf
Shortly afterward he was resened. Hels heidon
a technical eharce ot disorderly conduct. Mrs
Clsen's boas snot been recovered

FATAL FIGHT IN A HALLWAY,

One Negro Shot in the Abdomen and Can't
Recover—Two Others Wounded.

As the result of a faht in the hallway of 236
West Sixty-second street early yesterday morn-
ing Thomas Verner, a negro, of 208 West Sixty-
second street, is in Roosevelt Hospital with a
bullet wound in the abdomen and Andrew Rich-
ardson of 252 West Sixta-second street and
John Davis of 522 West hirty-seventh streer,
both eolored, are in juil) Davis, who did the
shooting, had his cheek « frou, lis forehead
almost to his chin, while Richardson's <ealp
showed a sear made by a ontlet which narrowly
missed Killing him ‘The fiaht was started by
Davis, who isa daree t “pouncer,” order.ng
the other men to paiiet the ‘tors said
lest night (hat Verner couid not recover, The
other two men were held without bail in court
yesterday,

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
 

 

Remember This—

When an advertiser bas Something of real value to
dispose of, he first goers w TUE SUN'S advertising
a with it Rarely ts he compelled wo try furtuer.

sxc set sn eS SSS Ss SSS sss tS ss SS sss SSS ss Ss Ss sss sss SSS se

TARESONTHEGARBO! ROME |

ed
ane

CONVERSION OF BROTH AUGCUSs
TINE, AN EPISCOPALIAN,

of the Negarene Orcer, but
Delt Called to the Catholic Church His
Disappearance From a Franetscan Come
Other Nazurenes Setd to Be Choorlog.
the fittoth

Wasa Member

of ihe
Roman Carhelie

At celebration reeen'ly
anniversary of Si, Brigid's
Chureh in Avenue B othe rector, the Rev
Dr. MeSwe nev, saw sitting in a pew @ man
wearing the brown habit of a Francise n monk
with what appeard to be the white cord of the |
order about his walst. Father McSweeney, |
Wishing to be hospitable on tiie festival
occasion, invited the brother in brown to come
to the sanctuary. The s'ranger declined the
invitation, saying that he was quite comforta- |
ble and requesting to be excnsed from changing
his seat, The story is now being told withsome
interest by friends of the Rev, Dr. McSweeney,
asitturned out that the brown-clad stranger
was Brother Augustine of the lay order of the {
Brothers of Nazareth of the High Church party |
of the Episcopal Chureh, and he is now a mem-
ber of the Roman Catholic Church

The Brothers of Nazareth were organized
about fourteen years ago by Brother Gilbert,
who is now the Superior of the order. The
mother hovse is at Verbank, N. Y., where the
brothers maintain a home for consumptives,
a home fur convalescent boys and men and an
industrial training school for boys. They also
sustain a fresh-oir home at Farmingdale, L. 1
Brother Augustine, who appears to be bet een
35 and 40 years old, was born of Catholic parents
in the upper part of thisState and had partaken

of bie first communion in that Church before he
ic ved the Brothers of Nazareth. He enjov-d
vein with the Nazarene brotherhood and help-
ing in the work whieh they caried on, but
latterly forsome reason he had not felt quite
happy there, according to. lis statements to
Roman Catholic friends, and he had conferred
with Fatner isughes of the Pauiist Fathers,
who, upon bis making submission, receive
him again into the (hureh in which he was
born.

Father Hiughes wrote a letter recommending
Brother Augustine, whose family name was
Hughs, to Brother Jerome, Superior of the
Franciscan Brothers, whose home is in Butler
street, Brooklyn, and Brother Augustine went
to Butler street to prepare for communion
in the Church to which he had reverted.
He lived with the Butler street Franciscans
for tour or five weeks, during which he won
their respect and partook of communion sev-
eral times. He spoke of a desire to join the
order, but no particular steps were taken to
that end, wiich is obtainable only after a
course of years. He spoke tothe brothers ina
most kind\y way of the order to which he be-
longed in the Fpiseopal Church and of the
worthy work which it was doing, but declared
tat he could not be altogether happy with
them,

One day a few weeks ago he left the house
and, somewhat to the surprise of the brothers,
he sent there a few days afterward for_ his
watch, which the brother in charge refu: to
deliver unless Brother Augustine sent a
receipt for it, which, a day or_ two
Inter, Brother Aucustine did, and he
has not since lived with the Franciscans
They were pleased to hear that he was
at work with the Paulists. Some of the broth-
ers Jater heard that upon the death of an in-
valid to whom he had been kindin tne Nazareth
home at Varbank Brother Augustine had come
into an inheritance of cbont 8800. For a week
or more before his departure from the house of
the Franciseans it bad been noticed that he ap-
peared (o bea little nervous, and he allowed
some of the brothers to perceive that he was
not altogether sure he was called to the
brotherhood life. Some thought that with the
inheritance from the grateful invalid he had
attended Brother Augustine would determine
to establish bimself in business, but they have
been without oMcial knowledge of him since he
left their house

While with the Franciseans Brother Augus-
tine spoke of another Nazarene brother who
was notquite happy in that order, and it ia |
said that this man, Brothe’ Anthony, as he is |
known, is now under instruction and will soon
be received into the Chureh of Rome. There |
isa rumor that two other members of that or-
der contemplate espousing the Roman faith.
Before the reversion of Brother Augustine the
community consisted of six brothers, so if
Brother Anthouy and two more go over to
Rome it may almost be said that Rome has ab-
sorbed the order

OLEOMARGARINE IN COFFINS,

 

 

 

 

Dairy Commissioners of Connecticut Make a
Raid and Get Unusual Results,

New HAVEN, June 3.—State Dairy Commis-
ejoner Noble and Deputy Dairy Commissioner
Laton yesterday made the most pecullar dis-
covery in the history of the Dairy Commission

 

in Connecticut. Stowed away In caskets,
ecffns and casket cases in an une
dertaker's cellar in Waterbury they
found 3.0%) pounds of oleomargarine. The

Dairy Commissioners had known for avearthat
“oleo"” was being sold in Waterbury. They had
searched certafu grocery stores again and
again and had never been able to find a pound
of the substitute butter. Yesterday the Dairy
Comrol-sioners went to the “Boston Butter
Store’ on Main street in Waterbury and
searched the cellar. The commissioners had
received information thet George Farley, the
proprietor of the store, was selling “oleo"’ regu-
larly.

The commissioners failed to finda pound on
the premises. They hunted through the cellar
for blind doors and hidden vaults, but found
none They searched the cellars on either side |
of Farley's store and found none. Still the

commissioners were certain that there was
“oleo"’ somewhere near which Farley was gell-
{ne every day. They decided tosearch every
cellarin the block. Three doors up the street
they came to the undertaking establishment of
M. Bergen & Sens.

“Guess we had better pass this place," sald
Commissioner Noble

enh much," said Eaton, “we may find
oleo.”’

Mr. Bergen declared it was an outrage, bu‘! Mr.
Katon wanted to look at a coffin, he said.

“Llike that one,” said Eaton to his assistant
as he pointed ont a casket case. The assistant
tried to lift it

“Must bea mummy in this,’ sad the assist-
ant

"Get more men," said Eaton, and ina couple
of minut. s the casket case was hauled into the
light and the lid lifted

“Do vou use oleo for embalming?” said Com-
missioner Eaton to the senior Bergen “I have
heard of embalmed beef, but embalmed butter
is A hew one on me.”

More caskets and cases were hauled down, in
a hollow square of casket cases 60 tubs,
and each containing 60 pounds of “oleo,'
were found Mr. Bergen’s son and Mr,
Farley, the keeper of the grocery estore, were
both sent for. Neither could be found. The
elder Bergen declared that he did not know how
the oleo came to be in his caskets. ‘‘Well,”’ said
Comnilasioner Noble, ‘you can exrlain that to
the court.” Both Farley and the Bergen will
be proseented for keening and selling “olen.”
It came from the Vermont Manufeetur ne Com-

vany of Providence. It was shipped to "V.,
Vaterbury, Conn.”

The Dairy ¢ ommissioners recently discovered
atubof “cleo at the Waterbury freight house,
They hired a detective to watchit. The detro-
tive watched it for ten days, but no one came
toclaim it. It was also marked "V.. Water-
bury, Conn.,”’ andat the end of ten days it was
shipped back to the Vermont company The
Dairy Coinmissioners say that this is the Lest
find they hive ever wadein their searches for

‘oleo."’

 

NABBED ON THE ELEVATED TRACKS,

 

East Side Mob Was Hare’ at a Thief’s Heels
and He Conldn't Find a Refage.

Kalma Citnik fell asleep on Saturday night on
the stoop of 157 Allen street and Morris Snyder
of 118 Allen street, tempted by the sieht of
Citnik’s gold chain, seized it ard his wateh with |
it Citnik awoke yelling * olice! fen
Several hundred people chased Snvder. lie
ran up the stairs of the elevated station in
Grand street and on to the tracks, the mob
following, Tre thie! was caught there by
Detective Stephenson of the Eldridge street
station and the wateh was recovered In the
Easex Market police court be was held for triai

holica

 

DO NOT FORCET TO TAKE WITH
YOU TO THE COUNTRY A
BOTTLE OF THE GREAT
|} APPETIZ©R&INVIGORATOR

EGERTsS

 
    
 
   

 
 

BITTERS.

¢aiMPORTED FROM

SOUTH AMERICA,
THE ONLY GENUINE,
BEWARE OF DOMESTIC
IMITATIONS AND SUBSTITU/ ES,

*

BROSIUS PURE FOOD BILL.

No Prospect of Securing Its Passage by the
Hoase Chis session,

WASHINGTO™, u. Representative Bros-
jus, author of the Pure Pood bill now pending
in the House, and which was favorably re-
ported from the Cominittee on Interstate and
Foreign Commerce early last month, has
abandoned any idea of securing tio passage
of the bill through the House this session, It
having been impossible to call it up in the reg-
ular way, an effort has been mace to induce
the Speaker to permit it to be taken up under
suspension of the rules during the closing
hours when suspension is in order, This the
Speaker refuses to do, looking uj o1 the meas-
ure asoneoftoomuch importance to be care-
less!» considered. The committee which re-
ported the vill failed to authorize any of its

members to request a suspension of the rules
on the authority of the committee, and the
Speaker will retuse to recognize any member

June

who may desire to suspend the rules and put |

the bill on its passasce,

The contest over this bill has been at times |

bitter. It has had the indorsement of the
Pure Food and Drug Congress and has been
antagonized by a large number of business
men whoseinterests are involved, onthe ground
that it is unfairly drawn and pluces too much
power in the hands of the Secretary of Agri-
culture, Under the provisions of this pro-
posed law the Secretary of Agrienlture will
rave absolute power to fix the standard of
foods, and from that decision there is no ap-
peal. This section has caused some sppens
ion to the measure among certain Republican
politicians, who believe the granting of such a
power at this time might be used as a politt-
eal argument in some parts of the country.
For this reason they have favored a postpone-
ment of action till next session,

The fight over the bill seems to have called
forth a crop of lettera from both sides. The
secretary of the Food Congress, Mr. Ai J. Wed-
derburn, sent to each member a long letter
urging prompt action on the measure, and in
in which he characterized the opponents of
the bill as “lobbyists” and denounced them for
their interference with the proposed legisla-
tion. He also asked members opposed to the
bill to submit to him their reasons so that he
mMightineet Khe, This letter evidently aroused
the anger of the opponents of the measure,
for a day or two ago they also sent out letters.
Mr. Wedderburn was caiied ‘a chronic iobby-
ist and manipulator of legislation and accused
of addressing members of the house as if he
owned them.” The alleged weak points in
the bill were referred to and members urged
not to permit important legislation to be rail-
roaded through the House. The opponents
of the measure appear to have the best of it
for this sesston, as no opportunity will be given
to pass it.

 

HEAVY RAINFALL IN WASHINGTON,

 

Damages to the Streets and Parks—Cellare
Flooded—A Boy Killed by Lightning.

WASHINGTON, June 3.—Yesterday’s fall of
rain here of 8.48 {nches, in a little over three
hours, accompanied by a heavy windstorm,
caused upprecedented damages for a storm of
such short duration. In Anacostia, a suburb,
one of three children of Frank Bowen, colored,
Francis, a boy of 9 years, was instantly killed
by lightning while playing with his brother
Thomas, 5 years of age, and his four-year-old
sister Sarah, in one of the rooms of their house,

The two younger children were. injured, but
will recover. Cellars were flooded in Washing-
ton and in low places the asphalt streets are
inches deep in mud, sand and stones to-day,
washed from hillsides which had always here-
tofore withstood tha torrents

On account of the electrical storm the street
cars were stopped for two hours. In one de-
partment store the boiler fires were extinguished
y the flood tn the cellar and the lights conse-
quently extinguished. Thousands of dollars
of damage was probably done which will not
be reported to the authorities

During the height of the storm Wash-
ington Monument was struck by a bolt, not
a1 unusual occurrence, nor one which ac-
complished any damage, as the shaft is well
provides with lightning proof apparatus which
vas alwoys earried the bolt into the earth. The
Zoological Park suffered nearly $1,000 damage
to its roadways, culverts being washed out
and rock guttera washed away which it will
take many days’ labor to repair.

In the adjoining Rock Creek Park a solid
masonry and handsomely decorated_ stone
bridge, known as the Piney Branch Bridge,

was washed away, huge blocks of stone ma-
sonry being carried a hundred yards down
stream by the torrent, The new Government
road through Rock Creek Park {s damaged

to a great extent also by washouts, and it is
estimated that together with the cost of the
bridge, about $2,000, the total damage will
double that amount, Several wheelmen were
slightl injured by running into  washouta
this afternoon before the park police began
giving warning from the top of dangerous
grades, where the curves prevented a sight
of the whole length of the hill

At Ballston, Va,, about four miles from Wash-
ington, near Fort Myer, one colored man
was killed by lightning and four injured, two
of them probably seriously.

REGISTERED LETTERS,

Senders May Reco.er Them at Any Timo Be-
fore They Are Delivered.
WASHINGTON, June 3.—Third Assistant Post-
master-General Madden {s planning an import-
ant change in the mailing of registered letters.
Under the present postal laws a registored let-
ter, mailed in any local Post Office. can be

recovered 4 the sender upon the presen-
tation of the Foourp’, which he must in-
dorse If the etter has left the

Post Office by'Iding and is en route to the point
of delivery, it cannot be recovered by the
sender unless with the consent of the addressee
This has caused a great deal of trouble for the
Third Assistant Postmaster-Generna!, who must
act as anarbitrator in cases of dispute, as in
many cases the addressee refuges to let the letter
be returned to the sender. Under the
change contemplated by Mr. Madden the sender
of a registered jetter will be allowed to
recover the letter at any point he may desire,
Thatis to say, if the sender of a registered
letter wants to recover his letter before it has
been delivered to the addressee he may do so,
Mr. Madden says there is no reason why this
change -hould not be made. fle arwues that if
the sender of aletter can recover it before it
leaves the Post Office building, he has a right to
the letter at any point at which he may want it
recalled. The new order will go into efect next
week

 

SAMMIE DOYLE I8 LOST.

Came From Roston Only Yesterday and Went
Out to Play Too Soon,

A fair-batred boy of seven with big grav eyes
spent last night in Police Headquarters with
the matron and the big biack cat. A policeman
picked him up at Spring and West streets at
10:30 o'clock, lost and. iniserable He said his
name was Sammie Doyle and he had come from
Poston with his grandmother only vesterday.
They were staying with friends somewhere, he
said. He didn't knowthe address and he had
gone out to play and was lost. Hebeoame hap-
pier after meeting the matron and the cat.

83,000 Parse for Bishop Healy,
PortLanp, Me, June 3 --Bishop Healy of the
Catholic diocese of Maine, the twenty-fifth
anniversary of whose consecration as a Bishop
{s to be celebrated In this citvon Tuesday, was
presented to-day by the ¢ atholies of Portland
with a purse of $3,000.

The Weather,

The low pressure which was over the lakes passed
off to the northeast yesterday, leaving fatr weather in
the middle Atlantle States. It"was cloudy with secat-
tered showers in porthern Pennsylvania and northern
New York and tn the central New England States.
and there were threatening conditions with a light
sprinkl: of rain in northern New Jersey and southern
New York toward night An area of low pressure
central over North Dakota was causing cloudy and
showery conditions over Minnesots, Hut westof the
Dakotas It waseclear The high pressure centee was
overthe Lake Superior section, causing cooler weather
throughout the distriety around the lakes. West of
the Mississippi it was warmer. In this city the day
wasfalruntilthe afternoon, af 4:59 P.M. there was a
sudden fail of temperature from the maximum 75
degrees to 63 degrees, it became eloudy and
toward dark threatening, with an occasional
sprinkle; humidity = & uched 90 per. cent at
& A. M., average for the day 79 percent; wind
backed from west to northwest and northeast, the
velocity was from 20 to 22 miles an hour; barometer
corrected to read to sea level at SA. M., 20.87; 38 P.
M., 29.49

The temperature as recorded by the offictal ther-
mometer, and also by TH SUN's thermometer atthe
strect level, is shown In the annexed table

Sun's -—OMeda's~ Sun's.
vw 1eo0 1009, 1400, 1900.

73° 6P.M. 67? 70° 47°
vb MOS WW ar
12 Mid.. o4° nv 64°
VORBCAST FOR TODAY AND TO

MORROW

For New Fngiang and eastern New York, fair to
day: fresh north winds: Tuesday, talr and w

For the Distretot mt tern Pennsylvania,
New Jersey, Delaware and Meryland, partly cloudy,
with moderate temp -rature today, Tuesday, fatr and
warmer: fresh north winds

For western Pennsyivania welern New York, Ohto
and Indiana, fair today and Tuesday, with rising
tem perature; fresh cast winda

 

 

iTON

WASHIN

rner

eA

 
 

THERE GAN BE NO DOUBT

that the BEST stimulant
possible to obtain is the

because it is made by the
HAND-MADE SOUR
MASH process, and sold
Straight. It has held first
place for 66 years. Most
of the Whiskies offered
are blends, puffed to the
skies, but the quality of
Ours meets the approval of really good
judges.

HB KIRK & CO., Sole Bottlers, W. ¥.

tan nt ae
HBKirk&c

ss seen eee
Oo ruaton sf
sew vess

 

   

CELESTINS

ISA

Natural Mineral Water

For Disordered Stomach
and Indigestion.

SIts value has been testified
to by thousands,
So-called Vichy in Syphons
; IS NOT VICHY,
Get the Genuine,

Your Physiota:
will recommend tt,

General Agency, 220 B’way,8.¥,

 

Water Filters & Coolers
THE BEST KINDS

lewis & QoncER,

130 and 132 West 424 St,

  

PLEA FOR THE STREETER RAIDERS.

Counsel ‘Argue That the Chicago Lake Frent
Is Not Subject to Miinols Law,
CHICAGO, June 3.—To secure the release from
jail of William H. Niles and bis five associates in
the "Streeter raid” of last Saturday habeas corpus
proceedings are to be Instituted im the
United Swates Circuit Court The proceed
ings will be brought by Attorney Law-
rence Harmon, who will file a plea with
the court setting forth the history of the land
on which the rioting with which the men are

 

charged oceurred, and asserting that It Ie
subject to Hlinois law. This plea is ot eoed te 4

carry the case to the Supreme Court and aan
a final settlement of the title to the e
lands. Preliminary hearing of the N ~ |
Was had in JusticeKersten’s court yes! y,
the six man were held to the Grand Juryon @
Rinber of charges,

| The pleaon the question of juriddiction filed
by Attorney Uarmon is the most complete state-
ment of the controversy for the lake-front land

  
   
 

tities from the Streeter side yet: introduced
into the cage. After deserib’ the
urisdiction of Justice Kersten t goes
eo the history of the land

and shows that the present eon not a
mare of Mitchell an ijou, . no!

1421. This last is declared to be 4 ly
copied in all county, tax maps of .
The land is therefore not inal

fs asserted, in Cook county , or

as described, and is still treated 4 water
the United States Government t
ordinance of 1787 creating the Kopthwet

tory the attorney asks for clien

teotion of natt nel laws and of the Conatii dion
| against being arrested by officers from an
joining State or district, and tried outelde

iatriet.
Prete ‘Streetor, “President of District of Jake

Michigan,” is now charged with oo!

cto murder. The basis for m-
laint, which was preferred by Lin rhe
oliceman Walter L. Hayes, , les t

assertion that Streeter prompted, u
conspired with the army of invasion to
upon the officers of the law. He spent gue y
in jail, his arrest being made so late t no
Magistrate could be found to hear case and

fix bail.
COTTON MILLS IN THE SOUTH.

 

 

A Fitchbarg., Mass., Concern to Erect Mille
and Print Works io Hentevflle, Ale,

Hen tsvi.ve, Ala., June 8-—Arthur H. Lowe,
President of the Parkhill Cotton Manufactur-
ing Company of Fitchburg, Mass., has decided
to expend $2,000,000 In cotton mills, bleachery,
and print works, three-fourths of a mile from
Huntsville, and the rernoval of the extenstve

manufactory from Fitchburg to this alty is oon-
j templated, ‘The first of the series of mille |
of 10,000 spindles representa an investment
$200,000, will be built and put n operation bevore
next winter, After the first mill 1s find
will begin oy another and will continue
entire industry is completed as fro
Lowe has been negotiating for of
a suitable site during three years past
heen assisted by Mr. T, W. Pratt,
the Huntsville Chamber of Commeren age nery~
eral todustries here, only acres
have been secured In West Hunteville
road facilities will be, reveal '
acres of this ground w Dp y
zena and thirty-five were donated by the

; Huntsville Land Company. Free wa 4!
\ ten years was granted by the City Coum
{ under the law of Alabama the invest

be free from taxation for @ period of sevem

years,

 

Oration to Soldiers at Gen, E. B, Fowlers
Grave.

Memorial services were held at the grave of

Gen. E. B. Fowlerin Greenwood Cemetery by

the Fourteenth Regiment War Veterans’ Asso-

ciation vesterday afternoon,
fifty in number, in command of Ser
Mahoney, were escorted from the
nuejarmory by the Fourteenth
N.Y, commanded by Col, Bertram T,
President Seth Low of Columbia Coljege
livered the oration, He referred to the

| work performed by the Fourteenth R
during the (i vil War, when it was com
by Gen. Fow.er, and during the recom were
when it left Brooklyn under command of
Frederick D, Grant.

 

 

 

 

Gen, Hawkins Oat of Danger,

The physielans who have been attending Gea,
Hamilton 8. Hawkins, who is 1] with pneumonig,
at the home of his daughter, Mrs, Howse, wife
of Lieut.-Col. Howze, at rors Slocum, sald y
terday that he was out of danger. He
probably go South ag soon as he
strong enough to travel.

 

 

Coney Island Beauty Shows Closed,

All the model and beauty shows at Conep

Island were closed last night by octer fe
vollee. Many disorderly women were ga’
nfrom the various walks at the same

  

TRY ALLEN’S FOOT-EASE,

A powder to be shaken into the shoes. Your

5

 

voller

feet fee} 1, hervousand hot, and get tired
eosily, Ii you have smarting feet or tight
shoe, try Alien’s Poot-Eaae, It cools the fees

and makes walking easy. Cures swollen, sweat
ing feet, ingrowing nails, blisters and callous
spois. Relieves corns and bunions of all pala
and gives rest and comfo:t. Try it to-day. Bold

by all druggists and shoe stores for 250.
ackage FREE. Address, Allen §. O!
Roy, N. ¥.