te

ee ee

ee

}

 

a

ee ane

ee

Sars

=

: San,

ne at eet
———-—

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1900,

 

Subscriptions by Mat!, Postpaid.

 

 

DAILY, per Month....... .. 8050
DAILY, per Year coceeees GOO
GUNDAY, per Year... 6c ce eee eeeeeees 200
"DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year 8 00
DAILY AND SUNDAS, per Month 70

Postage to foreign countries added.
Tire SUN, New York City

PARIS—Kioaque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kiosque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines.

It our friends who faror us with manuscripts for
pudlication with to have rejected articles returned, (hey
must én all ccaes send stamps for (hal purpose

The Last Week of the Session.

Congress will adjourn on Wednesday
or Thursday of this week, very likely on
Wednesday. The indispensable routine work
is nearly done, Only one of the great ap-
propriation bills remains to be enacted, and
that one, the Sundry Civil, is now in eon-
ference.

The seasion began just six months ago
to-day. Sines that time there have been
introduced in the Senate and House about
seventeen thousand bills and joint and con-
current resolutions. Of the comparatively
small number that have become laws
the most important, politically and his-
torically, are the measures for the govern-
ment of Porto Rico and Hawaii and the
legislation affirming the gold standard.
The other principal measures of the session
whieh have failed to come to a yote in
either house, or, having passed one house,

 

~—_—_—— ane ae

 

 

of the language of the country in which they
desire to serve. There remains subject to
criticism the greater number of British

' Consular posts, including all in Europe,

| North and South America and many inother |

parts of the world.

The three points to be noted about the
British Consular posta in civilized countries
are, first, that all of them are in the gift of
the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs;
secondly, that the easy examination can be,
und is, in many cases, waived by the receipt
of 4 Queen's commission; and, thirdly, that
no previous commercial training or ele-
mentary knowledge of commerce is re-

| quired. The result is that the name of a

British “ Service’ Consul ‘‘stinks in the
nostrils of the British commercial classes.”’
The National Reviewer says that he has
disonssed this question with merchants and
traders of all grades, and their virtually
unanimous opinion is that the Consuls are
absolutely worthless for their chief ostensi-

| ble function, namely, the protection and

extension of British trade.

This is so notorious that, of late yeara,
many British traders, residing in foreign
countries, have formed the habit of consult-
ing the German Consul, or, failing him, any
one of the local ‘ Trading’ Consuls, in
preference to their own commercial repro-
sentative, Outside of commercial affairs,
which the British Consuls are incapable of
dealing with, the average day's work of a
Consulate is, we are told, of such a nature
that any intelligent clerk can perform ft
afier a couple of months’ training. As for
the annual commercial reports, which are
complacently published by the Foreign Of-
fice, these, with few exceptions are, accord-
ing to the Nationa] Reviewer, the laughing
stock of British merchants: ‘A partner in
one of our large houses connected with an
essentially British trade told tne the other

will remain in suapense in the other until | day that he did not believe that all the an-

next winter are these:

1. The Nicaragua Canal, The Hepburn
bill passed the House by an overwhelming
majority, indicative of the strength of the
American sentiment demanding the im-
mediate construction of an American canal.
But for the unfortunate mistake of the State
Department in its too eager negotiations
with Great Britain, the entire question might
have been disposed of before now without
raising international objections in’ any
quarter. The Hay-Pouncefote Treaty, it is
true, has failed to be ratified, but it re-
mains inthe Senate as an embarrassment
to the free action of that body. The Hep-
burn bill will come up early in the Senate,
{t having been made the special order for
December 10

2. The Shipping bill. The details of this
bill have been hammered into a shape satis-
factory not only to those who have believed
all along in the policy of direct Government
aid forthe revival of our ocean carrying
trade, but also to many who formerly balked
at the word subsidy, or preferred other
methods. It is a patriotic, honest, far-see-
ing and non-partisan measure for the gen-
eral good; and public education concerning
{t has proceeded so far that Democrats as
well as Republicans will be ready early next
session to put it through,

3. The Pacifle Cable to Hawaii and the
Philippines. The bill that passed the Sen-

nual and special Consular Reports did £100
worth of good to British tradein general.”
It appears that thia uselessness may be
predicated even of the reports written by
* Trading '’ Consuls, because their facts and
statistics are months behind time.

For these and other reasons, the National
Reviewer pronounces the British Consular
service ‘‘undoubtedly the worst in the
world for commercial purposes."” It is a

relic of the old patronage days, a system of |

out-door relief to the impecunious scions of
the so-called upper classes. ‘The remedies
proposed are two: first, the abolition of all
‘Service '’ Consulates at commercial posts,
and the substitution of

sulates, to be given to local British mer- |

chants; secondly, the abolition of the
power of the Secretary for Foreign Affairs
to make appointments to the Consular
service, which, on the contrary, should be
conferred, it is suggested, on successful
candidates in a competitive examination

based principally on commercial subjects |

and foreign languages, The competitive
examination does not appear to be indis-

| pensable, since it is admitted that American
' Consuls, who are appointed by our Secretary

of State, are comparatively efficient,

 

After the South African War, What ?
We think it probable enough that, if the

ate provides fora cable to be constructed | resistance of the Boer republics had been

and operated by the Government.
House committee in charge of the subject

The | protracted until late in the autumn, some of

England's enemies might have tried to

prefers the idea of private ownership en- profit by the concentration of her military

“ Trading” Con- |

couraged by a Government subsidy. The | resources in South Africa. Is not, how-
House substitute has never been acted on; | ever, the whole situation altered by the ,

oe D .| mut Op r ua

    
  

| would expect, overt assistance against Rus-
' sia. at the outbreak of the contest. England's
| friendly neutrality, however, |s indis-
| pensable,’ Japan cannot fight Russia,
unless England will do for her what she
is supposed to have done for us in our

war with Spain; that is, prevent France |
part |

and Germany from taking any
‘in the affair, Just now, and until the
completion of the Trans-Siberian Railway,
the Japanese believe, and must well-
informed onlookers share the belief, that
their country is more than a match for
Russia inthe Far East, provided the Czar
,has no allies, ‘The Mikado’s subjects aro
confident that the moment England is able
and willing to say ‘ Hands off!" to France
and Germany they can drive the Russians
from Manchuria, capture Port Arthur and
extinguish the Muacovite hope of ascend-
ancy in northern China,
Is it in the Far East that we may look for
the first international result of England's
triumph in South Africa ?

Jenkins Among the Razors.

The Hon, Joun J. Jenxins, M. C., of
| Wisconsin, has been in the chair, the bar-
| ber's chair, lately, and there has thought
‘great thoughts which are expressed in
| House Bill No, 11,969, The artist who had
the honor of operating upon Mr, JENKINS
| must have scraped his elegant chin too
rudely or snipped ominously at his ears,
| House Bill No, 11,969 is a bill to regulate the
practice of barbering in the District of
Columbia, , Presumably the barbers are
unable to regulate their business and Mr,
Jenxins and a benevolent Government
| have to be called in,
| Mr. JunKins proposes that the District
' Commissioners shall appoint a board of ex-
! aminers, of whom two shall be journeymen
| barbers and three employing bariveis. They
| are to make oath or affirmation to perform
the duties of their office. They are to have
| a common seal-—which must be a great help
| ~they are to make rules and regulations
prescribing the sanitary requirements of a
| barber shop, they are to register barbers
now employed in the District, and they are
to examine applicants for admission in the
art and mystery of barbering. Twenty-five
cents for a certificate of registration; ap-
parently a dollar for a license, although Mr.
JeNK1INS'S language is somewhat muddled
or mysterious here:
“That the applicant of the Distnet of Columbla
| shall, upon the payment of one dollar to ths Collector
of Taxes of sald District, furnish to each person to
} whom a certificate has been issued a Leense good for
the calendar year {n which the same is lasued, certify.
ing that the holder thereof ts entitled to practise the
occupation of barberin the District of Columbia.”
But his definition of the act of barbering
is more satisfactory:
| "That to shave or trim the beard ot cut the hair of
any person for hire or reward, received by the person
| performing such service, or any other person, shall be
construed as practising the occupation of barber
within the meaning of this Act.”
What is the use of all this examining and
' Heensing? The employing barbers are suffl-
| cient judges of a barber's capacity. Clean-
' liness and sanitary regulations should be
| looked after by the Health Officer. Mr.
' Jenkins’s bill gives that officer power to
order sanitary improvements and to secure
| the enforcement of the regulations, In him
| and not in a board of examiners the sani-
' tary supervision of the District barber
| shops should be placed, The examination
business is overdone,

 

 

 

and it is impossible to foretell the result of | unexpected collapse of the Boer power? |

the radical difference of opinion beween the | The capture of Pretoria will, of course, ba

two ends of the Capitol respecting this in- | followed by the proclaimed annexation of |

dispensable link with our distant posses-
sions. Meanwhile there is no cable.

4. The Army Reorganization bill.
passed the Senate, but not the House,

It

the Transvaal, and, although there may be
some sporadic fighting in the mountainous
regions on the northern and eastern fron-
tiers, the restoration of order throughout

5. The Spooner bill empowering the South Afri¢a ought not to require at the ut-
Executive to carry on civil government in | Most more than a hundred thousand sol-

the Philippines until further legislation by | diers.

That would leave about as many

Congress, This measure has yielded to the | more disposable for other purposes in Eng-
exigencies of time and campaign politica, | land itsetf, in Morocco, in Egypt, in India

'

Ita failure to pass now will not make any |

affairs in the islands. The power to admin-
ister, in the absence of definite legislation,
ia clearly and necessarily with the Presi-
dent, or it is nowhere.

6. The so-called Anti-Trust law, which
passed the House on Saturday with only one
opposing vote, This measure requires no
attention, inasmuch as both Republicans and
Democrats supported it rather for purposes
of exhibition than of legislation. There is
little prospect that the Senate will act on it
this session,

One fact about the session so soon to
close is of supreme interest. Narrow as is
the margin between the two parties in the
Fifty-sixth Congress, not a single measure
has been enacted, not a single vote has been
recorded, which hampers or obstructs the
nation’s progresa in ite new career of
expansion,

 

Is the British Consular Service the
Worst in the World?

Some time ago we directed attention to
an article in the London National Review
which acknowledged the superiority of
American Consuls to their British counter-
parte. In the latest number of the same
periodical we find the even stronger asser-
tion that the British Consular service is, at
present, the worst in the world for com-
mercial purposes. The reasons for this
sweeping judgment are set forth by a con-
tributor who has had many years’ experi-
enoe as Consu! in various countries,

It appears that the British Consular ser-
vice {s divided into two branches, reapec-

practical difference in the administration of

 

and in the Far East, or, in other words, at
all danger pointe, That is to say, England,
posseseing, as she does possess, an absolute
command of the focean, would be able to
convey four army corps in the brief space
of ninety days to any part of the earth's
surface,

That fact should suffice to avert trouble
everywhere except in a single quarter,
where it may be for England's interest that
a test of strength should be made soon,
rather than later. Even if the so-called
Nationalist party should acquire power in
France and the Ministry of War should pass
into the hands of M. Hanotavx, who is no-
toriously an Anglophobe and a devoted
friend of Russia's, we should hear no more
about an invasion of England, for all the
wild talk upoa the subject has been based
on the assumption that Lord Ronerts and
the huge army under his command would
be detained in South Africa for at least six
months to come.

Neither is the conquest of Morocco likely
to be attempted now, when it is known that
an English army corps could be landed with-
ina fortnight at Tanglers. A French inva-
sion of Egypt, also, which, in any event,
would have been a most venturesome enter-
prise, owing to the presence of a large Eng-
lish fleet in the Mediterranean, is now out of
the question. 1t would be far easier for
English troops to reach Suez from the Cape
than for French troops to be transported
from Toulon to Alexandria, as the former
would have no obstruotion to fear.

As for the Balkan Peninsula and Asia
Minor, there would have been no reason to
apprehend any drastio change in those
quarters, even ff England's energies had

tively composed of ‘Service’ Consuls and | continued to be absorbed in South Africa,

“Trading Consuls, The distinction is that
the former enter the profession as a career,
nominally after an easy examination, which,
however, is more often than not waived,
receive a salary and pension, and are re-
stricted from commercial pursuits; the
latter are British or foreign traders, resid-
ing at the posts to which they are appointed,
These receive no salary or pension, and are
supposed to he compensated by the social
and cominereial value of the place. The
writer in the National Reriew avers that
ninety per cent. of British merchanta and
traders will corroborate his declaration that
it is only the latter class of Consuls which is
of any real assistanée in the furtherance
of British commercial interests, Formerly
the “Service ' Consula were regarded as on
the same social plane as a ralet-de-place
or courrier, and the appointmenta were
given usually to broken-down gentlemen,
butlers to Ministers and inconvenient per-
sons of allsorts. At present the Conaylar

service has increased in dignity, but not in |

|
'

The understanding which is believed to
exist between the Czar and the Emperor of
Austria with regard to the Balkan region,
and between the St, Petersburg and Berlin
Governments with reference to Anatolia,
may be regarded as a guarantee against
any serious disturbance of the afaius quo at
the present time. In Persia, the Czar's rep-
resentatives will have to content themselves
with the advantages already wained, and ir
is now by no means certain that they will
be permitted to take possession of the

| custom horses on the Persian Gulf,

usefulness, for a very large proportion of |

its members have first tried other vocations
and failed in them, It shonld, however, be
borne in mind that the National Peviewer is
speaking exclusively of Consuls in what are
known as ‘civilized countries.” In China,
Persia and Turkey, the service stands ona
very different footing, candidates being
required to pass a severe competitive exami-

It is too late, likewise, for any pressure to
be applied to Afghanistan and India; if any
move of that kind was contemplated, it
should have been made six months ago.
So, too, if Russia cherished the design of
making the outrages committed by the so-
called “ Boxers’ a pretext for placing a
large force in Pekin and assuming a sort of
protectorate over the Chinese Government,
the execution of the project has been cde-
ferred too long.

When, on the other hand, we look at the
relations of Japan and Russia, we encounter
anentire'y different state of things. Here
it is for Enwgiand’s interests that tie trial
of strength between the two countries
named should not be nostponed for an hour
after the restoration of tranquillity in South

Africa has made England's naval and mili- |

tary resources available for use elsewhere.

nation and'to possess a thorough knowledge ' Not that England would offer, or that Japan

\ The Bryan Cigar.

| For some months nobody has seen or
amelled the Jeffersonian five-cent cigar.
| That illustrious Democratio financier, the
Hon. Coin Harvey, is said to have discov-
ered the method by which each Democratic
smoker of sufficient courage and vitality
could contribute to the campaign fund of
his party.

cratic National Committee, to which a
royalty was to be paid by the manufacturer,
For the latter and for the Democratic treas-
ury the idea was excellent. The constitu-
tion of the Democratic voter would be the
only sufferer by the transaction. A Chicago
platform cigar would be highly suspicious
and might even be malodorous and of evil
taste. On this account, perhaps, the Jeffer-
son Five-Center, Bryan Favorite, or Chicago
Nickel cigar seemed to awaken no sympa-
thetic curiosity in the Democratic bosom,

But the appeal for an obol for Bryan has
not been given up. The Kansas City Times
publishes an instructive news articlo ‘for
Democratic Smokers,” Its curious mixture
of buncombe and advertising reconmends
it to collectors of Bryaniana:

“It is admitted that a few thousand dollars spentin
circulating literature and sending speakers into the
States of Kentucky aud Callfornia in 1896 would
have changed thé results of the election. The Demo-
erats have no need of a siush fund with whieh to de-
bauch electors; all they needisa sufficient amount of
money to defray (he leg!timate expenses incidental o
a national election. Among those legitimate expenses
is the distribution among the masses of campaign
Mterature and the sending among them able speakers,
that they may learnthat one of the greet parties is
entirely dominated by the money power and prefers
amonarchy ke Englaudtoa republic as fashioned
and administered Ly WASHINGTON, JEP FERSON
and JACKSON, and thatthe Democratic party 1s con-
tending for the principles of self government, which
have been held sacred by the people of this country
ever since ils independence of Great Hritain.

* Thereare two ways of procuring campaign funds
for the Democratic party; first, by direct contributions
in money, and the other Is for all Democrats who
smoke to buy the ‘National Committec' cigar, upon
eachof which a royalty of one centts contributed tothe
Democratic campaign fund) MARK HANNA may
have a poor opinion of this plan, when compared to
the princely donations of national banks and trust
beneficlames, but [t must be remembered that the
Democrats don't needas much money asthe Repub
licans tn order to win. Clear dealers may secure
particulars by addressing the Demoeraiic Smokers’
League, 1044 Unity butiding, Chieago. All Demo
crate will smoke them,”

Probably Mark Hanna will approve the

plan highly. If carried out, it will lessen
the number of Democratic voters,

 

Cotton for Wool,

Our Consul at Edinburgh writes that the
| working women of Scotland and north Eng-
| land have recently begun to show a marked

preference for woollen instead of cotton
dress goods, In that climate wool may be
comfortably worn the year round, “but
_ cotton fabrics have always been pdépular
and no one has satisfactorily explained why
the taste of the mafority of purchasers
has turned to woollens. Some merchants
attribute the present preference to the fact
that woollen goods may be worn long with-
out washing while cotton dresses require
frequent laundering. Wholesale dealers are
at last wide awake to the fact thot they can-
not get rid of their cotton cloths, ond there
is.a greatly enlarged demand for coarse and
cheap woollens

This eplsode {i the British trade mar be

merely the result of a temporary eaprice,

ES

but it is the latest iustration of the fact |

that there is always rivalry among the
four great textiles, cotton, wool, silk and
linen, and that the market for one affects
| that for the others. Over a year ago there

was a rise in the price of woollens in Great

An authorized cigar would be |
issued under the guarantee of the Demo- |

Britain and an advance in cottons was
expected unless there was an unusually
great product and a consequent glut in
the market. The predicted rise in cottons
oceurred last fall.

Silk was once a large manufacture in
Great Britain, but it has declined greatly
in importance since the vast development of
woollen and cotton mills, Even thie costly
| textile, which is worth $6 4 pound as it
/ comes from the cocoon, feels the eflects of

important changes in the production and
| prices of wool and cotton, One of the
causes assigned for the large decline in the
flax industry of Ireland is the cotton in-
vasion of the flax markets.

importance, We see to-day, for example,
| that jute is not now so essential in the

American market aa it once was, for it has
| been largely replaced by Yucatan henne-
| quin for bagging, cotton baling and other
purposes,

But cotton fs still king of them all, British
| working women may favor the claims of its
| great rival, wool, as much as they please,

but they cannot dethrone the glorious
American product, Five times as much

|
|

triumphant,

Direction and Instruction.

We don't pretend to understand the vast

difference between “ indorsing "’ BRYAN and
“instructing for’ Bryan. it takes a deep-
revolving philosopher like the Hon. Davip
Bennetr HILL to appreciate these delicate
distinctions. We merely wish to offer as a

| document relevant to the case the platform

| adopted by the Democratic Convention of
Alleghany county inGormanland, The ex-
treme silver men in the convention were
flerce for instruction, but they were whipped,
The Chicago platform was not mentioned in
the resolutions and the delegates will go un-
instructed, Yet the platform contains this
dash of red paint and this direction:

“In this ertsis of our history when the fundamental
principles of our Government are belong ignored and
destroyed, when the mighty power of taxation fs
baling used to make the rich richer and the poor
poorer, we confidently look for relief and salvation to
our great leader, WILLIAM JENNINGS BRYAN, and
confidently express our bellef that with him tn the
Presidential chair our Government will be restored to
its primitive Democratic principlesand thatthe taxing
power of the Government will no longer be used to
foster rusts and monopolies.

“We direct the delegates who will Go from th!s con-
vention to Baltimore to [mpress upon the convention
to be held there the desire of the Demoeracy of this
county to have WILLIAM J. BRYAN dominated as
our candidate for President.”

This is a “direction"’ but not an “instruc-
tion.”’ Wedon't know what the exact line
of division between the two is, but then we
don't know what the resolutions mean when
they talk about Mr. McKinvey’s “ vain
Oriental dream of foreign conquest and
subjugation,”” These are Democratic mys-
teries from which the uninitiated should
keep away. But we commend “direction”
to Mr. Hinn. He shies at ‘inatruction.”
Perhaps he will submit to “ direction.”

 

 

It is said that some of the delegates are dis-
turbed by the prices which the Kansas City
hotels propose to charge and that complaint
has been made to Chairman James K. JONES
of the Democratic National Committee. If
there is a combination among the Kansas
City hotel keepers to raise prices, it will be the
duty of the Democratic National Committee to
take the convention to some more virtuous
town where a proper horror of combinations
exists, Swill, if the delegates were really

| aqueezed by a Trust, they could put a finer fer-
vor into the Octopus-exorcising resolutions,

 

There ia to be a parade before the circus at
Kansas City, “It will be miles in length,’ cries
the Kaneas City Times joyfully, “and the line
of march will be reaplendent with flags, wreaths
| and bunting.”
thousands from Missouri and Kansas. The
loudest brass bands in the world will do their
worst. Electric lights will be more numerous
than the stars. Col MILTON Moone, mounted

Several hundred Indians and the Cook County
Marehing Club will befn line. Ifthe Indians
and the Chicago men meet, there will be no
mimio battle. Everything promises well for
one of the greatest shows on earth.

 

In eppaking of the Tion. ErviInG WrnsLow’'s
“nut,” the Boston Journal doesn't refer to that
gentleman's missing head and Intellectuals,
but toa letter of his in which he weeps over tha
Tagalogs, Here isthe only luminous part of It:

“To foresee @ possibility ts notto be responsible
for ft.”

Exactly; and Mr. Wins_ow and most of the
other Massachusetts anti-imperialists are not
responsible.

In the affecting peroration of his letter of
acceptance the Hon. WHARTON BankER pro-
claims that he stands “for a rule of love
on earth, not of greed” Is the Hon. Iana-
Tivs DONNELLY altruistic enough to breathe at
ease on the moral mountuln tops where Mr
Barker stands? The Hon ToLypo Goupen
Rus Sucken Rop Sam Jones {s the man who
should have been yoked with Banker,

RUE ee AN NA EE ARR

A Nataralized Candidate.

To THR Eprvon OF THR SUN-—Sitr A
Canadian from the Province of Quebee desiring to
Americanize his game Magloire Courtemanche
rejoiced In the appellation My Glory Shortsleeves.
WIIl he do for the column of notables?

DETROIT, May 29. J. PF. Lover,

Gen, Bidwell, the Hero of Cedar Creek!

To THE EpITOR OF THE SUN—Sir: Gen Dan-
fel D. Bidwell of Buffalo, N. Y., Is the man who saved
ourermy and held Gen Farly back at Cedar Creek
after two of the three army corps had retceated,
Farly's attack was made at4 A.M ona dari. rainy
morning. Gen. Sheridan was spending the nighs
twenty miles away ata place where his duty did not
callhim, Barly'’sattack was, 1 think, on the right

centre and it broke aud fell back; his next advance
was on the left wing, commanded by Gen. Bidwell
‘This corps checked Early's advance, and after severe
fighiing, drove bim hack and beid him two hours
while the other two corps were reforming. Gen. Bid-
well lost Bis life there and Gen. Sheridan was never
manly enough to acknowledge Gen. Bidwell's splen-
did Aight
Bidweiland an article tn which it called bim ‘the
man of tron, who sat his horse amida shower of shot
and shel}, and saved our army from destruetion.”
re ase father was Kenfamty of Puffalo,
efiret shipbuilder on the Lakes: Hidwe a .
nard wasthe firm name h A ces aie
Sloops that enabled Commodore Perry to win his ve
tory. Henjamin's father was John. # Captain tn the
Revolutionary War. He was born at Chat 1am,Conn
and moved to near Kinderhook, N Y..in i795 Joho
Bidwell's father in-law was Jonathan Penfield, a
Colonel in the Revolutionary War. Jotn's father was
Daniel of Chatham. Dantel'’s father was Samuel of
Middjetown, and his father was John of Hartford.
All of thes ancestors were Indian tignters and one of
them was at the siege of Lemony, 756,
. M. BIDwELr.

 

Remedy for tho Ice Trast—A Cheaper Com-
; Dany.

To THR Eprrom or THE Stv—Sir: Will you

allow me to suggest a remedy, though not an imme.

re is ne eS SS SSS es

teatey srdependence is
The same rivalry and interdey | no authentic information of what has occurred

| also observed among the textiles of lessor |

Harper's Weekly had a portrait of Gen. |

IN souTH AFRICA.

Two despatches dated Wednesday and Thurs-
day last from Tax SUN correspondent at Pre-
toria give exceedingly interesting details of
the occurrences round Johannesburg on the
arrival of the British in the vicinity, and of
the situation at Pretoria, With regard to the
latter it is made elearer than ever that there
was division in the councils of the Govern-
ment on the approach of the British, the proper-

 

| tied and woalthier burghers favoring sur-
i render of the capital in order to save their

 

cotton Is now consumed in clothing the | Dritt on the Vaal behind Lord Roberts, but

| world as waa used in the early part of the | Commanda
| century, and its progress is still steady and | Steyn was re

|

 

| mander-tn-ebief, be is outranked when visiting for-

on a pale gray charger, sixteen hands high, |
will lead the phalanxes of beauty and chivalry, |

wing and it gave way: he then advanced against the | on the life of Louls Napoleon by Orsini and his asso-

 

diate one, for the outrageous price of tee, Axed not |

only bythe lee Trust but by compantes taking ad-
vantage of the Trust prtees Let ati wmen who hace

1 capital to tnvest form a eompang, hire a practical
| Manager, and before even » brick !s putinto the plant
canvass the territory to be covered, with written
pledges to takelee from the company at 2) or 80 cents,
| Bs th case may be, for the nex! Ave or ten years to
| elebine Aion of al other tee companies Seven
sof every section could be secured as custom-

ers, and a8 soon asthe new tr

they deserve to be, even if they reduced oe nee

AMAICA, May 23

 

| rel held ina vise will not shoot accurately. The pas-

| caure It to shoot one fein higher than when held off

lant could be put tn | ban. an error that
operation the present companies would be left where ce correspondent who advises the vise test is no

| Assimilate them on @ scale of 100,
There will be horsemen by the |

) outa bltof English history. showing Engl ’
They lutit some of the | ‘ Bland > true

Properties from destruction by bombardment.
The result has been the complete overthrow
of the milltary plans for the conduct of the
war and the confusion so graphically described
in Tie Sen special despatches from Pretoria
during the past week. Practically there {3

since last Thursday either at Pretoria or
from the British headquarters, except Lord
Roberta's despatches of Friday and Saturday
referring to the occupation of Johannesburg
the previous day and to the fighting south
of the Vaal. During the time that bas elapsed
since Thursday important events must have
taken place, but as yet we have no indication
of what they have been. Whether the lack of
news is due to the interruption of communica-
tions or to the incompleteness of operations
in progress is uncertain, According to Pretoria
not only had Gen. de Wet occupied Vilioens

nt Christian de Wet with President
ported near Kroonstad and an-
other force was said to have gone south to-
ward Bloemfontein. In the absence of con-
firmation or contradiction of these statements
and of direct news from any source on the
British side, whether from the Transvaal or
Natal, it is reasonable to suppose that there
are serious causes of some kind for the silence.
In any case there is a dangerous crisis in the
affairs of the Transvaal and Free State that
must be decided one way or the other in a very
brief time.

Gen. Botha’s remarks,
BUN correspondent, seem to manifest a certain
discouragement on his part; at the same time
saks as if there were some plan in reserve

reported by THR

aie Spe
on which it was intended to hazard every-
thing, but,of course, gave no clue as to what
{t was. It ts, however, now definitely known
that the Transvaal Executive ie installed at
Lydenburg with a war chest of some $6,000,000
to zo on with, besides the gold that may con-
tinue to ba extracted from the Barberton and
Doe Kaap mines in the Lydenburg district and
the others in the Zoutpansberg.

 

Tea and Coffee.

To rue Epiton or Tas Sun—Sir: I read
with interest your editorial on tea and coffee
in {issue of 26th inst.

 

  

   

TRADE WITH OUR ISLANDS.

This Year Our Exports Wil) Reach $45,000,-
000 and Our Imports $89,000,000,

Wasntncron, June 3—Fxports from the
United States to Cuba, Porto Rico and the
| Hawaiian, PMlippine and Samoan tslands will
| reach $45,000,000 in the fiscal year which ends
| with the present month, and wil! be more than
| three times as much as in 1896 and more than
tvice as much asin any vear of our commerce
with those jalands except in the years 1892, 1808
and 1804, when reciprocity greatly increased
our exports to Cuba and Porto Rico. To Cuba
| the total forth» fiseal year seems likely to be
fully $25,000,000, against $7,750,000 in the fiscal

'

year 1896 and $24,157,000 in the grat reciprocity |

year 1803, when exports to that island were
| more than double those of five years ear-
jer, To Porto Rico the exports of
the year will be, in round numbers, $2,600,000,
against an average of $2,750,000 in the reciproc-

|
ity years 1892, 1895 and 1804, when exports to |
] that island were double those of earlier years. |

To (he Hawaiian Islands the total for the year
will be about $15,000,000, or five times as much

as in 1893, nearly four tines as much as in 1896,
| and more than double the total tor 1808. ‘Lo
the Philips ines the totn! for 1900 will be “bout
$2,500,000, of more than in. the entire fifteen
years since 1885, the date
ord of our expocts to the
by tie ‘1 poanary Bureen of Statistics,
Samoan Is!an

abont $125,000, or nearly as much usin all the
years since 1896, at which date the official rec-
ords of our exports to those islands began,

On the tnpert side, Cuba begina to show
something of her old-time strength as an @X-
porting jdland, os the total imports into the

nited States [rom Cuba forthe full year wil
show a total of $3).000.000 against $15,000,000 In
1898, and $14,500,000 in 1807, though they still are
less than the average for the reciprocity years
1892. 1903 and 1894, when our imports from that
island averaged over $75,000,000 per annum.
From Porto Tico the imports of the year will be
$1,330,000, which isiess than the total for any
preceding vear since 1840 and is presumably

ue to the destruction by last year’s tornado of
the crops which supply Porto Rico’s chief arti-
cles of export From the Hawaiian Islands the
imports ‘or the full fiscal year will be $21,000.-
000, or double the average annual importation
for the period prior to 1896, and 20 per cent.
higher than in any preceding year, while from
the Fhiippines, despiw the war conditions
which reduce producing and exporting power,
the linrorts will Le larger than in any year
since 1s04

The following table shows the exports to and
imyorts trom. Cuba, Porto Rico, and the
Hawalian and Philippine tslands in each fiscal
year since 1891, the figures for May and June,
1900,, being estimated:

EXPORTS PROM THE UNITED STATES.

 

To the

 

 

 

Year, Cuda. Porto Rico Hawai, Philippines.
1691$12,224,888 $2,155,234 § 6,107,212 § 124,572
1802 17,053,570 2,556,003 8,781,628 6U,914
1803 24,157,608 2,510,607 2,627,663 154,875
1804 20,125,321 2,720,508 3,306,187 145,466
1895 12,807,461 1,833,544 3,723, 57 110,255
1896 7,539,880 2,102,004 3,985,707 162,466
1897 8,250,776 1,088,888 4,699,075 94,507
YAOR 0,561,656 1,505,946 §,007,125 127,404
1809 10,619,877 2.655 8468 9.505.470 | 404,198
1900 26,000,000 8,600,000 14,500,000 2,500,000

IMPORTS INTO THE UNITED STATES

   

Permit ma to adda few words regarding the | 4491 61,714,505 3,164,110 13,895,597 8,167,209
small consumption of tea in proportion to 1008 ype ert 8,848,007 LH ane ooo tee
coffee, America is decidedly a coffee driniing $308 Te ope aot 3°135,634 10'088,517 TOONS 42
nation, the proportion being twelve pounds per | 1895 62,871,250 1,516,512 7,888,061 4,731,366
capita, while tea is slightly over one pound 1896 40,017,730 2,206,668 11,757,704 4,952,657

Until about three yearsugo the growing daq | 1507 18,406,818 2,181,024 18,657,709 4,383,740
mand for obeaper teas ail over the country | 1898 18.232.477 2,414,956 17,187.96) 3.85 815
indueed the Chinaman to reduce the aay tone I Cones oon 7p .0ne Leet eoe 4.208.258
until it became ac adulterated that acomimittes | 2900 $1,000,000 1,850,000 21,500,000 6,800,

of experts was appointed by the Government
to formulate standards whioh should constitute
a basis of quality to be allowed importation.
The result wasa marked improvementin quality
of teas and a proportionate increase in cost.
Then slowly began the decrease in consump-
tion, This combined with a war tax of 10 cents
per pound imposed in 1808 has still further les-
sened the demand for teas.

The very low prices ruling on coffee have been
the means of vostly increasing ite coneumpt on.

Bur.incton, Vt, May 20. ELDDEW.

 

Major-General or Maximus-Genoral?

To THE Eprror oF Tur Sun—Sir: It is urged
as areason for increasing the rank of Gen. Miles that,
being only a Major-General, even though @ com-

elgn armies and bas pot proper consideration shown
him. At one placs, where the foreign officers had
two kinds of ple, Gen Miles hadto put up with one,
When a German or English General waa greeted with
asalaam, or an aloha, our General was put off with
a simple “howdy ”

Now, the obvious remedy for these sort of slights is
to stay at home, Instead of taxing a people $4,000 to
$4,000 additional overy year to pay a salary propor.
tional to the splendor of the rank. Don't go to visit
people who do not know how to act politely.

But if there were no other way, a visiting General
might be “assimilated” io rank, as the military men
call it

A commander-(n-chief
whether called Major General or Maximus-General,
It is a trick of

{9 a commander-in-chief

the prople in office and in authorl‘y to first have the
title enlarged and afterward force the salary up to it
Gen, Miles 1s a soldier whom I bonor and admire
and I would say nothing against Mis interests. If itis
tothe interestof the nation to reorganize the Army
on the formation of Furopean armies, let it be dona
The arguments to make Joe Choate a Duke, tn
order to keep any foreign Dukes from biting thetr
thumbs at him, are quite as sound as those In favor
of making our officers of rank sultable to the drawing
room entertainments of other lands, In fact, they are
stronger, for we must have Ambassadors and Mints-
ters, but it {9 not neeessary for our Generals to go
visiting, and when they do {tis but once or twice Ina
century, while the @'plomats are always there,
WASHINGTON, June 1, Posey S. WILSON.

 

 

To THE Eprror OF THE SUN—Sér: Tinfer that
you and your c rrespondent hold that @ royal Mush
cannot be formed without an ace Daly of Long
Branch !s said to have dropped a tidy wad some
years ago In bacting the same proposition. Perhaps
the authority whieh convinced him of the error of
his opinion may have wetght in this discussion,

Iom notan authority on poker, but I have learned
what constitutes a royal flush; that there are exactly

forty of them In a pack of cards, ony eight of which
hold« an ace, and that any one of the remaining
thirty-two has the eal! on four aces

Years ago & disoussion arose in the drug store of
which Iwas proprietor as to whether an ace wasessen-
al to a royal flush My clork sald it was not; that
the Clipper bad repeatedly ruled thatany straight @ush
isaroyal flush. The question was submitted to that
paper and {t again ruled os stated. i did not then

now, and do not now, for that matter, whether this
paper Is an eccepted authority in sporting matters
but I kpow that a certain dictlonary states thata
straight fush ts aroyal flush. Royalin this eonnes
tion does not imply that the “eourt" cards are a part
of the flush, but ¢ means supertor in value or ‘quality
A straight Sush, ace high, 1s the “royalest” Kind of a
flush, tut one 5 high |s supertor, by reason of its
being stralght, to an ordinary Qusb.

NORWICH, N. Y., May 80. Jace Porta

 

A thing's namets a matter of convention There
are those who hold that a royal flush fs any straight
fush, and others, of equal authority. hold that a royal
flurh must be the royalest possible, which ts
headed by an ace. The only question, though. to be
settled by the two schools brfora business begins te
whether straight Sushes are played.

 

 

Assassination and Politics.

To THE FoITOR OF THR SUN—Sir; Your cor-
respondent ‘Non-Partisan” waves aside the attempt

clates as an “alloged conspiracy " He writes of the
two men seeking admission here as “'self-confess d
murderers.” This is the usual English Siyle of
argument—the English wag of looking at the truth,
If he will read the Encyclopedia Pritanniea he will
find there was more than an “alleged"’ conspiracy by
Orsini, bis followers and Nis English sympathieers
In regard to the “self-confessed” murderers—when
hey confess, and te om?
e he betes Soskuriien that an a he ¥ Gained
car on which the tmitators of Orstnt rode.
‘Truth ts what England dreads When any one points

inwardness, the answer is that the writer ts
man, of the Clan-na-Gael and that ts eunenena to
end We argument The wilter ts an American, and
belong * to ne sorL
Mocaulay was rightin sasing thas Englich bi
were worshless as being written from Sieae mange
points, Perhaps 'Non-Partisan" will read bis essa
on Macintosh's “Wars of the Succession” and he wit
find the assertion.
The English spealcof the Black Mole of ©
but never of the Jersey prison ship tp New vou noe
If my little eommuuleation cf the 28th of May will
cause a few of your readers to bunt up the Oreint mat-
ters for theinselves, they will find all about the
‘alleged consplracy,”’ so-called by “Non-Parttsan "
' Jusick

 

Testing Rifle Rarrels,
TO THR EniroR OF THE SUN—Sir: A riffe bar-

sage of a bullet through the bore expands the barrel,
whici Is, toa certain deeree, elastic. The expansion
and return to normal status are in urdulating curves,
The pressure of the vise interrupts the curves, chokes
the barrel at the point of pressure and probably de-
forms the builet in ts cross-section, To test a tifie.
rest the barrel near the muzzle upoo an beg filed with
sand, The spriog of the ba eh trues the rest will
| riflemen understand.

ri KBLLY,

man.
ADELPHIA, June 1

»
y

 

THIS OLD FORGERY AGAIN!

Alleged Prophecy of Abraham Lincola
About the Republic's Doom.

From the Dayton Evening Presa.

The Verdict of New York, in ita issue of May
28, hasa double page cartoon which promul-
gates a historic lie fora truth, and desecrates
the memory of Lincoln. The historic lie con-
sists in the reproduction of the following whine
of socialism) which Democratic Populista and
their socialistic comrades have been for years
persistingly crediting to Lincoln in the face of
abundant and absolute proof of ita forgery:

As a result of the war, corporations bave been en-
throned and an era of corruption will follow and
the money power of the country will endeavor to pro-
long {ts reign by working upon the prejudices of the
people until all wealth is aggregated Ina few hands
and the republic ts destroyed.

; The Verdict permits its cartoonist to credit the
alleged quotation to “Lincoln's Second Inaugu-

ration Speech.” A glance at the speech will
show this to be a brazen falsehood, as nothing
resembling this socialistic rant occurs in that
patriotic utterance

Hay and Nicolay about fifteen years axo
nade a thoroughand exhaustive search through

neoln's written and spoken productions with-
out finding an
be plausibiy construed ag even a moral justifi-
eution of this puerile forgery, It made its
appearane about that time and was prom tly
denounend as a forgery. The Preas has had
occasion several tines to expose its falsity.

Some Maine People.

Banoor, Me., June 2.—The most absent-minded
man in Maine bas been discovered in Lincoln, where
he {semp'oyed inapulp mill His name ts Wallace
Jipson. One day this week 4 telegram came to the
mill directed to John Wallace, and as Jipson was
known In the mill simply as Wallace, the message
was handed to bim, John Wallace being a new hand
and known to few of the crew. The telegram read:
“Your mother !s dead; come at once.” With tearful
eyes and trembling steps Jipson hurried to his home,
and at the door he was met by bis father, who asked
what was the trouble.

“Too bad, too bad!" sobbed Jipson, “too bad, poor
mother's dead—dead and gune, bao-hool”’

The elder Jipson took the telegram from his son's
hand, read itand then remarked: ‘You dinged fool,
didn't you know your mother died five years ago?”
At this tbe son woke up and began to look foolish.
“You get back to that mill, you Jibbering idiot!"
yelled Jipson sentor, And Jipson funtor went, bear-
Ing the sad message to the man for whom tt was In-
tended.

A Bangor shipmaster wrote home to the vessel's
owner, telling of the condition of the fret@ht market
where be was, out in the Windward Islands. Busi-
ness was dull and the vessel had been in the same
port for some time, and the captain wrote: ‘We are in
atatu quo."’ The owner for the next week was en-
gaged tn searching the atlas f the West Indies trying
to find cut, as be pultt, “Where in thunder this ‘ere
statu quo is.”

The leading pollticlan cf Harpswell cannot com-
plain that his genius is not recognized. Ile ts at
present occupying the ofQcos of First Selectman,
Road Commisstoncr, Overseer of the Poor, Member of
the Sehool Board, Assessor, Dog Constable, Deputy
Sheriff and Truant OMicer.

Uncle George Clark of Razorville has shaved with
the same razor for sixty-elght years, and the blade is
good for some years yet. The settlement was named
for Unele Clark's fumous razor.

Tevi Bresson of Dexter last week celebrated the
birth of his forty-first child, the fourteenth by his
present wife, His frst wife bore Lim Afieen children
and the second wife twelve Thirty-two of the forty-
one eliildren were living when the father last heard
from them, a few months ago, and be has more than
one hundred grandehildren ving He was born tn
Canada and ran away from home to Connecticut to
marry his first wife, who presented him with triplets
the first year and with twine the next year, all of the
children living. After the death of bis first wife
Bresson married the daughter of a neighboring
farmer, who bore him three patrs of twins and six
single babies. At one time he had fifteen children
down with the measles at once. When he moved to
Dexter a few years ago the people thought an orphan
asylum was coming to town,

The

 

Take Your Chotce,

From the St. Louls Post Dispaten.
Around this land no man
With discontented mind
For every cliss a fitting home
With greatest ease cin find

hould roam

The writers oll should ¢o to Penn ,
The debtors foek to0,

And Col would befor colored men
A paradise | know.

The roining class would find fn Ore
A chance to rater the wind

And, as you may have guessed before,
The rleh shou d go to Ind,

Religious folk should goto Mass,,
And buneo men to Coan.,

And lovers who would win a lass
Should flod a home tr, Mon

The bechelors should go to Miss,
I'm'snre you will agree

Ana every ma din who reads this
Should tate a train for Me

There ts 9 bore for farmer men
In [dah Desh

Ard mone for! brove in Tenn.
And room for tramps in Wash

The sies should be at home in Ny
And dilaking men in Kan,
While Ark, no doubt, with Joy would All

The ancient river min

All other persons, near and far,
wh hate'er pes or beg es

oO are Not sul where t are
Will find there's room ta Tenses,

 

is the exports of the yeur will be |

 

 

QUEER COLLISIONS
The Hannah F. Cariecton's Experience Said to
Be Withoat a Parallel,

Bancon, Me., June 2.--Old gallors say that tha
collision between a Savannah stearer and the
schooner Hannah F. Carleton off Cape Cod re.
cently was tho strangest disaster of te kind thot
ever oceurred at tea, and they doubt ifever.
another willoceur, The Carleton, atwoemaied
echooner of 189 tons, then hailing from done.
port, Me., was passing in by Cape Cod on a eloar
moonlight night, coal-loaded for Boston, and
Capt. Dunbar was on the quarter. A
was observed comipg up eastern, but no atten.
tion was paid to her at first, for everything was
plainly visible for miles. Capt. Dunhar looked
astern every little while and present!
nervous, for the

 

steamer

became
steamer was coming rignt

! on for the schooner, and without altering ‘er

4 whieh the first ree- |
~hilippines was made |

|

|
|

|
|

|
|

expression or an idea that could |

course would hit the Carleton ina few minutes,
When the steamer got up a litte cloer Capt
Dunbar began to shout at her people telling

a

them to keep away. The men inthe pilot house
were plainly to be seen. as was also the bow
lookout, but they seemed not to see the schooner
Capt. Dunbar’s shouting awoke all hands on
board the schooner, and the men came tumbling

on deck. They all joined in the shouting, but
to no purpose, The steamer came on lio a
racehorseand struck the schooner’s main boom
fairly on end, snapping the mainmast off lke
a pipestem even with the Jaws of ihe boouw aad
letting it down with a great thump on deck,
The stump of the mast stove a hole in the deck
and there the stick re ted, swinging back und
forth and threatening to fall at any minute
as the rigging was now very slack.

The crew of the Carleton made a rush for the
boat at the stern davits, but Capt, Dunbar, sea.
ing that they Intended to desert her, -e.zed on
axe and chopped a hole in the boat, so that sie
would not foat. That stopped the deseruon
and the men turned to and helped to eover up
the hole in the deck, forthe -ea was makng
over her andshe would soon fill if the oie was
not stopped.

The steamer came close up and asked if as.
aiatance was wanted, and Capt. Dunbar sad
he would like to be towed into Boston, who)
was done. Tha steamer's owners paid for the
damage. and at Boston the Carleton got a new
mainmast and main boom and had the hole in
er deck puiched up. Had the steamer struct:
1er in any other way the schooner would have
gone down like a rock,

Capt. Atwood of the Rovkport brig Maria
W. Norwood used to tell of a narrow escape
from a collision under strange circumstances
off the coast of Georgia. The brig was running
along under easy sail on a clear moonlight
night and a steamer was coming up astern
When the steamer got too close for comfort a
torch was burned over the stern of the brig but
the man at the steamer’s wheel paid ne atten-
tion, keeping to his course, which would take
him right through the brig. Finally a great
shouting by the brig’s people woke the stean
er's wheelman up and he put his wheel bord
down just in time to escape a collision. When
the steamer had come up close it was observed
that her wheelinan was hanging over the wheel
as though asleep. When he was asked why he
didn't keep off he growled:

“What do you wart, all the room there ‘s?
Here you've been yawing all over the place
or an hour, and me trying to dodge you!’

Then the brig’s people knew that he had been
asieep, It was found that the wheelnan was
not the only man asleep on the steamer. Most of
her people had been taken down with yellow
fever and the others, standing double watches,
had become worn out from loss of sleep
When the three-masted schooner Fdward
fi. Blake of Bangor was brand new she was run
down by the steamer Olivette under circum-
stances that have never yet been explained.
The Blake was bound from Bangor for New
York with ice and was off Monhegan in broad
daylight with the weather clear, when along
eame the Olivette, then the fastest steamer
down Fast, and chopped her stern off es
amoothly as if it had n done with an axe
The Blake's crew left her and the Captain came
to Bangor, hired a tug and went looking for the
vease], She was found drifting around on her
beam ends with part of her cargo of ice washed
out at the open stern, She was towed up the
river and beached, a bulkhead was put in and
then she was hauled out on the railway here
and a new stern put on. The steermer’s own
ers paid for the damage, but no gue has ever
been able to explain how the Olivette came to
run over the schooner in broad daylight.

 

 

THOSE CLAIMS AGAINST TURKEY.

Foreign Missions Board Says They Have
Been Misrepresented, and Explains.
Relative to the demands of the United States
upon Turkey for indemnity to Amerioan mis-
sionaries for losses to property within the do-
main of the Sultan, the American Board of

 

| Commissioners for Foreign Missions has issued

the fullowing statement:

“Some gross misstatements have appeared tn
the public press in reference to tho estimates
presented by our missionaries in Harpoot, Tur-

| key, for losses sustained at the time of
the massacres, The papers repeating
these stories were doubtless innocent,

|

 

i
-

but whoever started the statements mut
have known that he was lying. In the
schedule presented through the United States
Minister the personal losses of the sixteen
adult missionaries, who lost everything they
possessed, foot up at $24,467, not $62,377, as is
charged. It is affirmed that President Gates
valued his shoes destroyed at $72; whereas the
item in his account is $25. It ts affirmed that he
valued his clothing at $870. Instead of this he
reported $214. Mise Wheeler is accused of valu-
ing her clothing lost at $1,138: as a matter of
fact, her charge waa $638 for clothing and
materials which belonged, not to herself alone,
but also to the teachers and pupils in the
female college of which she was the head
Some very larae items which, it is said, Dr.
Wheeler included among his losses, are not on
the li-t at all as prepared by Dr. Wheeler

simaelf,

"The whole story Is a tissue of falsehood, evi-
dentlv for the sole purpose of discrediting our
missionaries and their claims. When one re-
members that eight dwelling houses, a theologi-
cal seminary, and two college buildings, one of
them very large, were destroyed, with all their
apparatus, libraries, furnishings, &e., ond that
the sixteen American missionaries, living far
from their base of supplies and obliged for
their own sakes and for the sake of their gsaist-
anta and punils, to keep on hand ful! supplies of
olbthing and other necessary articles, often for
a period of years, the estimate of losses will be
recognized as altogether reasonable On the
personal account, it makes an average for each
of the sixteen missionaries of $1,531 for a loss of
all their pqoeerngs, Fyrattire, books, clothing,
and varied supplies for the future, sich as
neople in this land are not compelled to lay In
Thev saved nothing except what they had on
their bodies on the day of the inassacre.”

 

An Eagle Flew Off With His Hat,

From the Philadelphia Record

CANTON, Pa, May 29.—Solomon Raup, 4
farner of East Point, wag attacked by a large
eagle yesterday while orossing a large area
that had recent iz peed burned over. The eagie
flew from behind bim and sunk its talons into
the back of bis neck before he had time to de-
fend himself. A heavy cloth hat protected hte
head and eves, but the bird pecked so violently
that it pulled a whisp of hair from bis bead and
carried his hataway. It {* thought the eagle's
nestiinga were burned by the forest fire and
that the parent bird took revenge on Farmer
Kaup when he ssuntered in the neighborhood
where the nest formerly was,

 

Foreign Notes of Real Interrst,

Another Ausirian Archduchesa has broken down
the barriers of court etiquette. The widow of Fm
peror Francls Joseph's brother, Archduke Karl
Ludwig. the Archduciess Maria Theresa who ise
Princess of Braganza and Infanta of Portugal, ts
Going to marry her major domo, the Count of
Cavrianl

Spain ts trying to make ap for her present disasters
by looking back to her past glories The bodies of
four distinwulshed Spantards who died tn exile were
recently brought back to Madrid from France, where
they were buried and after a State funeral were laid
away inthe San Isidro Cemetery. They were Goya
the Moratin, the dramatist, and the pocbs
Melendez Valdes and Donoso Cortes,

rainter

How little tr the Nationalist egitation has
made Frarce ts shown by the result of the
mu ‘Nelpal elections outside of Paria) Out of 33,042
communes the Republicans and Soelalists contro)
the councils of 24,4382, the Conservatives of 42°09,
the Natonal'sts of 133, while the party of 455
counct!s was undecided. The total vote throughout
France forthe Reprbilean candidates was /,714,467,
that forthe Conservatives was 2,174,323. while the
Nationalists polled 172,439 votes in all, The Repud

pression

 

Heane gained 1,904 communal councils In the
election

Alice Bellecole, a village near Acqua’ tn Pledmont
fathe veene of ‘he Madonna's latest appearance. A
fourte yearold @'t) who had bee it toa

ra to gather horhs eaine back with the &

that the Virgin had appeared to her and had se
heron the mouth Tre village has been beateged by
the court’y people ever since, 12,900) persone en
camping onthe Hillis recently Every morning the

girl goes to the vineyard, has her visions and reports
the Madonna’s messezes. A chapel is being built
over the spot The Government has sent
troops to preserve ordes, as unbeilevess ase being

| roughiy bandied