lex
eed
ys-
lew
ted
ars
eir

 

not
ver
ery
en,
bats
ave
ked

ave
edit
at-
the

ake
sin

S@nrrtate

   
 

 

 

Fair to-day;

to-morrow

increasing

cloudiness and warmer,

Highest temperature yesterday, 94; loweet, 24.
Detailed weather, mail and marine reports on page 11.

°

  

 

ah ed sn
od ad Te

 

VOL. LXXXIV.—NO. 115.
CHRISTMAS TREE FOR

 

SOUTHERN RAID ,
0N$120,000,000;
‘PORK’ PLANNED

Dixie's Democrats, Fearing |
Loss of Supremacy, Or- |

 

ganize Final Drive. |

‘

THREE MEASURES
IN THE GRAB BAG}

 

 

River and Harbor Bill:
Shows South Gets “Best |

Picking.”

 

SECTIONALISM SEEN
IN THE SIZE OF ITEMS!

 

Great Fight Is Expected in,

 

| dainties beloved of birde.

++

v
|

BIRDS IS RICHLY HUNG|
|

 

Mies Louise Laidlaw Will Give
Party To-day to Featheted
Tribe on Long Island.

 

Mr, and Mrs, Bong Sparrow, the”
Misses Pileker, Cock Robin, Mise Jenny
Wren, Sir Woodpecker and othe: mem-
bere of the feathered four hundre! who

1 were lured by the warm days at the Se-/ XY MANS

ginning of winter into stopping with us.

only to find themselves sadly hi: by tie |
high cost of living when the recent snow
storm came, ate In a flutter of exciie-
ment overt cards just iasued by Mirs
Louies Laidiaw of Sands Point, 1. |,
daughter of the woman suffrage leader,
Mrs, James Lees Laidiaw, to a Christ-
mas tree party to-day.

It will be held in the bird sanctua:
on the Laidlaw place, near the commodi- ;
oue home built for bird tenants in a
sheltering elm there, and report says |
that the tree je to be the finest ever.

For daya little Miss Louise has been!
busy, in the pauses of her leseons, string-
ing cranberries, popcorn, nute and other
Strings of:
fed skinned apples, cut into tiny pieces |
convenient for birds to peck at, will be !

 

‘
‘

; @ prominent feature of the decorations,

and sv will bacon rinds and lumps of

      

 

BIG WELCOME
TO SQUADRON A

 

; Troopers Back From Border! “Treasure Island” Folk Ob-:
| Cheered by Crowds Along | ject-When T. B. Sayre

 

Fifth Avenue.
|

TREE AT ARMORY |

 

NEW YORK, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24,

‘FINDS CHILD OF

 

 

OLD ‘BENN GUNN’

sea eal |

‘

Brings Her to Bronx.

Ae eee;

NG ON STEVENSON

IMPROVI

Gov. Whitman and Other No-; Court Sides With Cupid. and

tables Review 150 Veterans
' at Homecoming.

 

dim Hawkins Wins Bride;
on Christmas Day.

—_—--

Squadron A came home
home from six months (or

yeste:day—
was it an

i age?) of border patrol along the yellow |
| Rio Grande, in a land of tarantulas and | @prinkled
| thirat, of long, dusty, bone breaking, | Stevenson's ‘Treasure Island,” which is
grinding hikes, from the hardest | to open at the Elsmere Theatre, Cro-

soul
service that willing men can give thet)
country short of the battle line; home
to thei; wives and sweethearts, to the

Hessie the  credit,!
Tirough her Bronx theatregoers are to
have the pfivilege of witnessing a love,
version of Robert

Gunn deserves

ton@ avenue and Elsmere place, on
_ Christmas afternoon
Bessie Gunn, it may be well to ex-

suet, which are good to keep warimth in | good clean sting of the Northern air, to platy, is the brunette daughter of Beni!

the little bodies when the cold creeps |
under their feathered coats, !

Miss Loulee, who epends most ef her ;
time in the country while her father and ;
mother work for votes for women, has!
studied the waya of the birde and their.
likings, and she knows that they are as |

“all that goes with evening dress,” to,

the feet of life that only the Christmas| fund in charge of the pieces

fearon can bring to New York

The Governor of the State and the
Mayor of the city, together with a com-
pany of men fitted to vol e public opin-

Guo, the piratical eld who was,
of eight
and the gold and silver bars when Jini!
Hawkins, Long Joha Silvey and the rest
of the crowd from the Hixpanola struck |
; the island. Stevenson simply wrecked ,

old Benn Gran on the island, but forgot

anit

‘

! strongly attracted by bright colored ions of the squadron's soldierly service.) all about mentioning the fact that he,

Congress Against the things an are children, That is why ‘applauded from in front of the Univers! had left a beautiful’ brimette daughter

. the tree ia to be made pretty with gay | sity Club in the middle of the afternoon: behing him in Bristol, Mngland. It re-

Raiders, (tinted berries. ‘the long column of lean, browned men | inained for Theodore Burt Sayre, a play-,

at i She expects a large attendance, and, and lean, shaggy horses. Half a million) wright of Brooklyn, to rectify this omis-

—e , no birds will be turned away, no matter: people probably turned from the worrles ! sion. '

; 3 . ‘how ghabby their coats or disreputable and fascinations of Christmas shopping | }
Wasuinuton, Dec, 23.-—-Fearful that

the supremacy they have enjoyed tn Con- i
rress foy the last four years is about to.
come to an end the Southern Democrats |
ere plauning to Jam through Congress at
thi several measures which
constitute nothing more or less than a,
rahion the BMederal Treasury. '

T incasures are being planned at ;
a@t'me when a Treasury deficit of $185,- |
660.000 on July 1, 1918, is predicted by!
the Secretary of the Treasury. This prose
pes.ve celicit seems now more likely to
he *20,000,000 as the resuit of the in-,
clusion of certain expenses overlooked by
lim in making this estimate.

With the Democratic House leaders
al! reported to be busy devising ways to

ineet the prospective deficit it might be
suppose! that their first step would be.
to curb the “pork” appetites of some of
their fellow Congressmen, But this does |

eeesion

vee

bor uppear to be the case, i
Instead they are seriously considering |

replactia the money which i# to go for,
public buildings at crossroads in the
South and to improve Southern bayous '
by increasing the income tax, the surtax ,
and the inheritance tax. By so doing
they can thro the larger portion of the!
burden of this Southern paternalism on
the Northern Stites, Sfates which by no!
means get the.: proportionate share of
the “pork’’ barrel. :

  
 

Three Measares Pending.

The three measures now on the ways,
are (he $35,060,000 omnibus building bill |
under which hamlets throughout the
south with postal receipts of less than
$10,000 are paired off against populous |
No:thern cities; the Flood reclamation
hol under which $45,000,000 is to be ap-
popriated to reclaim 16,000,000 acres of
land along the Mississippi, in spite of

_ 8 4se doubts as to the feasibility of the

projcet
wh)

and a tiver and harbor bill
1 looks now as {f it would reach at
$10,000,000, The three measures
represent an attempt at a $120,000,000 '

gab

The public buildings “pork bill’ ai-
ready has been reported to the House}
an

vith it a rule Mimiting debate on 4t!}

 

to four hours, otherwise known as “a
beg rvle" The chairman of the com-!
mities is Representative Frank Clark of
iiorid

The Plood reclamation bill has passed,
the House, and yesterday was reported !
te tie senate by the Committee on
Commerce. The ehairman of this com-

M lice is Senator Fletcher, also of Plor- !
id;

   

he river and harbor bill has not got
as fur as the other two measures. It
le Delig framed in the House Committee!
on Rivers and Harbors, The chairman;
of the committee and the man who will!
have charge of pushing this bil through |
the House ie Representative Sparkman,
alse of Florida.

Sectional Dincrimination, «

While work on the latest “pork meas-
ure, the river and harbor bill, ia rfot yet!
finished committee, the bill as it!
Stands at present hands out this kind of
“pork to the South apparently without :
stint, but Northern States must take a!
good deal of ‘rind. Thirteen Nerthern
States, containing 220 Congress districts,
are down for 107 items as the bill now;

nD

stands, while the same number of South- |
ern States, containing but 131 Congresa
districts, get 117 items and will have a!
larger total of appropriationa, running |
Well beyond $15,000,000,

The Northern States in question pay
$11 in income tax for every dollar paid |
n by the Southern States, and conse- |
quently are to be called upon to foot |
most of the bill for {mptoving the}
bayous, This is readily explainable by |
the fact that out of thirty-two impor- |
tant committees in the House thirty-one
sre headed by Southern chairmen,

It looks now as if New York State
would get out of this bill only $574,500,
while the State of Missouri, counting in
1's proportionate siare of the Miaels-
sippi and Missouri river appropriations, |
Will receive a total of $2,460,000. New |
York, with forty-three Congress districts, |
's down for only sixteen itema in the |
bill, while Missouri, with @ixteen dis- |
tricts, gets only one less. ‘New York has
approximately 100,000,000 tons of com-
merce in one harbor. !

Speaker Clark's fnflaence,

Just as in the public buildings “pork” |
bil] now before the House Missouri Is.
well looked after because it is Speaker
Clark's State and his influence is re-
fKarded as potent.

FPiorida, from which State the chale- |
man hnils, gets nineteen itema in the!
tiver and harbor bill now under disoun- |
sion, and the total appropriations will |
‘mount to nearly $700,000, notwith- |
standing the fact that Florida's rivers |
sid harbors have no large
a!

This will be the second river and har- |
‘or Dill to be framed by the present
Congress Only a year ago it passed a

Continued on Sixth Page

Se an eae ety meres

MAEN—ALUUHTA-ARBE VILE E,
‘tues Spertal leave New York Selly 1:08
OM Vie SOUTHMRN KAILWAY. Elegant
» very solf links N.Y. Office, 264 Fifth Ave,

 

 

commerce at |

 

the rest, unless he tries to bully the
Others. Even grouchy old Sir Crow will

be permitted to peck a bit If he wishes. The prettiest girls in the world saluted .

 

 

WILSON GIVESTWO
CHRISTMAS PARDONS

 

Mrs. Manson, Convicted in
Edgewater Bank Eimbezzle- t
ment Case, Set Free,

 

Au executhve pardon signed by Presi-
dent Wilson will be the chief Christmas
present of Mrs. Lillian Cainp Munson,
who was sentenced to two years aa a
Federal pritoner in October, 1915, after
she had heen convicted of inducing her
lover, Ralph E. Lovett, to ateal $130,-

 

 

 

 

 

atone of the bejligerents are tighting
make the rights Of wead peoples and small
ates secure; which purpose has already
made known to the whole world in
the most unmistakable terme.
“a A. ©. CORTIS.
—Adv.

to)

j their reputations, The blustering little!to cheer them as they rode from the’
English sparrow will be welcomed with | Jersey ferry and up Fifth avenue, hand |

to hip, with ¢ easy swing of regulars.
Flags were bA&ken out in thelr honor,

them affectionately from the curbs.
There wis In all this much to pull at
the heartstrings of men come home at
such a (ime, much to break their sto-
icism.

Troops Feel Sting ef Cold.

Improving on “Stevenson,

Sayre, who by the way is
jauthor of “The Commanding
(whoever he war, figured that
; Island” was all right as a book and
that even as a play it might d» for a
seaeon or so on Broadway, but for The
Bronx, no! It lacked the touch of love
which all Bronx theatregoers demand, ;

So Sayre wrote his dramatic version
of “Treasure Island,” adding the neces-
sary frills d'amour, and made arrange-

aiso tie
Officer,’
“Treasure

Rut what touched them most was! ments with George W. Poultney, man-
their arrival at their own armory in, ager of the stock company at the Els-
Ninety-fourth street at Madison ave- | mere Theatre, to stage the piece teht

nue. The column had halted at Fifth
avenue and Ninety-fourth street a few
minutes after 4 o'clock, with Major
William R. Wright, the squadron com-
mander, sitting stiffly upright upon his
little, nervous cayuse, which didn’t ap-
prove of the whining, droning motor cars
and wae doing his beet to let the Major
know how deeply his feelinge were out-
raged.

Back down the avenue, file on Mie and

troop on troop, the men of the aquadron |

sat Hke statues, all swathed and mumMfed
to the chin in theip heavy service over-

cold touched them keenly after the tropic

  

   
 

 

VLORIDA URISTH’ PATRONAGE
im merited b fi mtic Conant Line's 'N, Y,
Florida iipecls " train on laat senaci’s recor
of Feeotee ity, 07% perfect service. 1198 B'way,

there the producers of tie prosaic, love
| lese version of “Treasure Island” which
jis being produced at the Munch and duc
‘Theatre had something to say and thee
‘sald it vigorously. They threatened, ac
‘cording to Sayre, to bring some kind
of an injunction sult based on the musty
j old copyright law tu stop the new pro-
' duction,

| Then Sayre filed an equity suit in tue
, United States District Court) agains:
Jules Eckert Goodinan, author of the
‘play at the Punch and Judy Theatre:
George Vivien, manager of that theatre,

 

, conte of olive drab, for (he sting of the | and Charlies Hopkins, the praducer of

,the play. He asked that they be en-

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

   

, world turned toward peace the German
people ave ready*for a termination of

concerned, guaranteeing lasting peace
and security in the future.”

 

°

roo -

|
| toward
|

the conflict on terms honorable to, all!

1916.— Copyright, 1916, by the Bun Printing and Publishing Assoctation,

 

 

, = Se AGRE,

 

IT SHINES FOR ALL

 

PRICE FIVE CENTS. |

 

 

—————

|'WARNING OF U-PLEDGE VIOLATION

PREDICTED AS WILSON’S NEXT ACT;
TEUTONS OVERRUN ALL DOBRUDJA

 

Car's Army Now Controls:

Only 200 Square Miles |
of the Province.

 

BESSARABIA IN

PERIL OF INVASION:

 

Only the Danube Lies Be-
tween Mackensen’s Army
and Russia,

 

NEWS BIG SHOCK TO

EXPERTS OF ENTENTE,

 

Drive of ‘Kaiser's Forces
Northward Not) Foreshad-
owed in Reports.

LONDON, bee, 23.-—According to a bul-!

letin received to-night from German

headquarters Gen, Sakxharoffs Russians |
have been ewept from all of the Dob-

rudja but a pateh of 200 equare miles in
its northwestern corner The Teutone
have only the Danube between them and
the Russian province of Beesarabla art
are 125 miles from tbe great Rusvian
Black Sea port of Odessa,

Gen, Sakharoff's retreat seriously en-
dangers the left Mank of the preeent Rua-
sian position in Great Wallachia, south
of tie Sereth, Should the Teuton cross
the lower Danube fnto Bessarabia the
flank of the whole great Russian battle
front of 1,000 miles, from Riga to the
lack Sea, would be in great danger

’

News a Big Sarprise.

* Yhere ja great surprise here at ¢
German statement, for Gen. Sakharoff's
retreat from practically the eutire [nyb-
rudja has not been forecast by the of-
fiela] statements of Germany or of Rus-
ki

Flussia has admitted that the Dobrudja
wemoy, after making several temporary
stands, was in retreat, but hae placed
ihe line at pointe generaily fifteen miles
outh of the Danube. To-night the Rus-

 

 

  

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

evening, and with the ap-
proach of dusk several scouting par-
ties dressed completely in white (in-

Need

Continued on Fourth Pape.

ne

    
  
 
 
    
  
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   

England Cancels Shipping Reports

EWS indicating that Germany’s submarine campaign has become
l so widespread and destructive that it is a more serious menace

to the Allies than at any time in the war was received here
last night.

The British Government issued Friday night an official order that
all shipping reports except announcements of casualties are to be dis-
continued at once. This order was transmitted last night to the Asso-
ciated Press by its London office.

It was said last night that New York agents had been notified
from London to cease advertising dates of steamship sailings.

The London ‘Daily News’ says that because of the increased sub-
marine menace the British Government war risk insurance office has
raised the insurance rate per voyage for British vessels to 40 shillings
($10) per cent.

  

 

 

LONDON, Dec. 25.-—In the shipping paper “Fair Play" Sir Nor-
man Hill, secretary of the Liverpool Steamship Owners Association,
calculates that the effect of the German campaign on British shipping
has been as follows:

In the twenty-seven months of war from August, 1914, to
October, 1916, 435 steam vessels of more than 1,600 tons, repre-
senting 1,744,000 tons gross register, were lost through war perils.
Great Britain started the war with 3,600 steamships of 16,000,000
tons gross, so that the losses represent 12 per cent. in numbers, or
11 per cent. in tonnage, being less than one-half of 1 per cent. a
month.

The value of the cargoes lost is calculated at 0.49 per cent. of the |)
total by Sir Norman, who adds: ‘A ten shillings in 100 pounds block-
ade will never starve us.”

GERMAN PRESS BRITISH HINT —
OPPOSES NOTE OF NEW ENVOY

Several Papers Make It Plain) London Paper suggests That

Neutral Participation ts trvee, Rosebery or Even

 

   

  

Not Desired. Asquith Come Here,
Bemis, va London, Dev 2 rhe LONvon, Dec 24 eSuncays Phe Sure
Kerlin press received President Wils day Observer, commenting on what !t
note to the belligerent Powers with vary canna oi : : : tet
ing views, Rearcely any tWo papers look- me 6 fF  Memorauie nistake Wilea
ing alike at the proposals, The views Jeopardizes all the beneficent py i

      
   

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

  

Continued on Fourth Page ATLANTA, NEW ORLEANS, MEMPHIS,

CALIFORNEA, Southern tiaitwasy vin Wash
ington beet way Dining and sieeping one
service, through trains daily Now Yor
Office, 204 bifth Ave, ~ Ad?

j

Seaboard Florida Limited 6:20 P. M, }
ar. aa mora. Palm Beach 6:50; Miami 9:00, |
~-Adv,

 

—

Lansing Issues Statement
on Arabia Case. Indicat-
ing Broken Promise,

BRITISH FLATLY DENY

GERMANY'S DEFENCE
Declare Ship Was Not Ad-
miralty Vessel and Never
Had Been.

EVIDENCE OF OTHER
VIOLATIONS OBTAINED

President Said to Be Exert-
ing Efforts to Appease

 

 

.
Entente,
Woastinetos, Dec. 25. -With reports
before him that Entente capitals
deeply resent bis proposal to the bel.

ligerents and that the Central Powers

enthusiastically welcome it, President
Wilson how thderstood to realize
that pis efforts to intervene in the
world confiict bove been most unfore
inate
In ta diplomats eonsctous of the
state In Which things have been left
already hinting at another spece
tucular move on the President's part te
offset the impression that his propesale
are sine al ond pro-German,
inedicatte that this new coup will
in the form of a sharp diplomatie
ote to Giormany calling attention to
clations of German U-boat pledges
nd demanding (aut the Imperial Gove
rpoment adoere to its Sussex pledge
not to sink merchant ships without
warning
Lnnsing’s Statement,
Partioul! nificance is attached te

oft i titement given our by Seee

ure doa ne to-day Apparently {t fa
yeu of preparing the publie

io faovernment pro-

' ‘oe prepared statement

has Tree
' tish Gove
regarding the
Arabia to the
Y th e ow rot at the time
‘ d been tn

rel { ' ) Covernment
jovernments 3
ed ” Government
ordinary packet
pense of the Gove
of such
tied

there

  

  

pas
later
’ ‘ were
*<cept the Indian |
Is do not
route

oo i

 

VOrse
ry pemes on

ba

be ‘ . ' t, it is pointed out,
i the of al German
passenger
pw wt “ The German ex
ities ' div by the Berlin
reugn rele ' \inerican
wr @

ae wis
d 4.8 ' ya (range
British

ng
‘ ! ‘ Inposes

tt ‘ ind
ther A 8

wat

eam

the

Phat teste Dahlen

retary
take
it ‘ | ' 0 the

* a
shy
the i ' ‘ 1 ine
Siiss \ f the
wt oof
neaport,
rer ‘ ale ’ ' va the
' irempet to
r ! on ering
‘ \ } ” 4 the in
anner
Ww al
the
ng the
in the
i!
Lan-
eomment

Miarina 4 ‘ ’

of

‘ at the
artme)
to the pub
of
phasized
ind the dire fiermany vi
A\rabia
CARE Is Rive ' hay

ess

 

Dorpelonria of these
‘ ‘ ' that Pres.
ko be the
rd owt ' ‘ ssie

dent \ on Ww 1 ‘ ‘

Pvidenee ot Violutious,
| “ ia be.
ar iat the
Amer.
vera ! 24 CON-

ony the Arab

ettinoded

a, Where
without

 

. i § . : ‘range from the enthusiastic welcome ace ties of the role which might ave bee
eee from the Firet Nationg! Bank Of heat of the border. ‘The cold made the | Joined from enjoining him, and the ques- io), statement says: corded the plan by the Fagedlatt to the
Edgewater, N. J. horder veterans shiver and set the sturdy | tion of a temporary injunctton pending; in the Dewrud@ja our detachments | unenpectedly cynical and quasicac. 84 may s reserved { .
The President gave two pardons. The, \- . ° ‘the outcome of the suit was brought ap n ! tedly eal nd oa ; * . ; ae ;
Weatetn horses to dancing ' » been withdrawing to the north- quiescence of the Vossise) ‘ 1a, with 4 tt v Ide
om wae ine tae of ooaeetae The column walted thus for five before Judea Mayer yesterday by Sayre s Ree : 1 en my continulnge bis acl- the middle growunds repr nted by the! that the} ‘ \
Va, serving three months for ene). as aimee ~alvary’ gazing !lawyver, Leon FE. Jacobs of 20° Nassau wat sic saab tell ae : : ; ea eee : Ani te ‘
gaging in the retail Mquor business with- . eae 4 At a Ratan wan pone ai etreet ; : vance. came into contact with ou Lokelanzetar: ‘, whic 3 pee rere ie ww He ue \\ ” e, ¢ 1
i meen Yarn ’ ! * piards tt newe nten towers to t ‘ enuse before histo
out having paid # tax. A pitiable story | 3 hand or exchange smile My. Jacote showe! Judge Mayer that tear guard : 1{ e answer o the } were {¢ ‘ '
osn' } | not to wave a han r & ae ~ The Ger » bulletin received) here he Emperor's note before deciding fo laves tliat spectal .
of Reas's three children, whose mother | for smile wit) the smartly clad girls, Sayre’s version of the book fad some a espe : a eat or against quit
1 ae ja af their peepee fot at — upon the sidewalks real pep io tt Bessie tiunn, he ex ret ie b * a saan sensed AE the Gu daotge S enrnhaed othe ota satank faci rf
penitentiary, brought about his frees; “rhe police excor! war sweeping | plained, was a childhood friend of J) Dobrudja has mre OF. es cI ina Gacaldent Wilbonta cbr ; He
dom. Jn Mrs. Munson’ case the Prest- Ninety-fourth street clean of all traffic, Marking, the hero. She was still in her emmy th the exception of the terrain slag, ge ar ; te PEON 5 NUNN Aen oat ; ° '
dent took the stand that although Lov- | * nf ‘ ' a, the & Bhe was 9 vh eiween Macin and Isakeh posal as actuated purely front American sr yt ; ay
ett testified against her the woman's mounted policemen clattering erst and | teens when her father sailed on the fate- T} ee stn taint teeued during the day | selfish motives. America, he says, tad’ jjopa a ti Would
wali } ‘ ans avest, all waving furiously. Then thes fol cruise which get him mixed up with 2 Sie ~ ken itseif ja the posits f having passed t
Participation in the embezzlement hed . i ’ cal mane ‘ ‘ “ announces that the Teutons have taken itself in the position of havin ie | ' é "| 2
never been proved 'edvance sounded, Major a3 Wright the treasure. Marooned on island, te. Gnnortant town, of ‘TLIOAA the the heyday polnt in its financial Operd-, get ¥ : : a
Lovett was o paying teller tn the! ‘2teW uP his right hand, wemaphored the | Renn was unable to get in touch With his on ank of the Danube neat {ts ne with the Entente bow wa re Mr. Asqu i
tg 22 3 i ,, cvmmand for column of fours and put his ¢aintly by wireless or otoerwise, BO the O&e ls ae , f isakeolut. peace and the cooperatio Hoagland a t to
Exigewater bank: 38 zeus 8 old. when) he oxtrotting cayure tin progressive motion, past of the Gunns just naturally took delta, ree “Y adie Hoi my 600 preparing for what it all vast aa a :
ce a gg le = a The column swung machinelike from for granted that the head of the house eee: ee machine ; guns acd! inevitable Japanese troubl: elle
Sho wie See S$ Camp, an artist In iieen avenue into Ninety-fourth street was dead Pe ae deen Caner Lithhee Herr Bernhard refers (o secrets Pie Ubserie
New York. She had come here from her 4 : ether booty were taken ‘after intense ; I ; Se i poser is
tat mnt Saye ansine’s statement regarding Ame reaueast tis 4
home in Georgia ekzht yeara before, when | ,, storming he statement say ansing s statement ¥ jie ' <
her parents died *uhe was engaged at /lome: Sweet Same,” af Aemery, Here's How It Works Out, The country between Macin and tsak-; being drawn to the verge of War 48 @ cornie
the time to marry William B. Munson, The ba&d paraded at the armors en Afier several vears of mourning , cha fo some 200 equare miles in area. | distinet Ain to Germany, yet | a ee fly deceived, aed desnar 4
New York agent for a big lumber con- Wance, horns at) mouth As Major peusie sailed for some foreign land whtet Aecordime to the German announcement, Vin ed ia Ame iva (lex ¢ Y af ned wr \ ¢ roe tne ¢
cern, but Lovett'’s promise of marriage, Wright reined hiv cayuse io the left and i. unspecified in the plas, Its leeat! All the cest of the 8,500 square miles of | sue @ conitict, primary for selfs e+) Hialned to the Presid oe
and the large amounts of money he lay- | ode through the big door the oandined | qakas no difference, however the Dobrudja lave been conquered, the | son: {nature of the case he speedy reply eould
; at y began the first bat of “Home, : . nte h ‘ if 4 ry short time be given to le eau
ed on her led her t ree to an elope- | Suddenly beg 4 ther shipwreck prevented he northern part of it in vers 1 . a i
re — : eins Sweet Home.’ They played the old tune re hin hes destination Just Vet the northern Dobradja is far more Neutral Participation Reseeted. 6 fay eaten é 4 i
According to Lovett's testimony, after “teadily for fifteen minutes or sore 4s vessel was going down along eur fifficul cng round than the remain: The suggestion that neutrals ae well) Alles, the bitter might d .
he had been convicted of embeszlement ‘2¢ files of cavalyyinen turned from tie iispanola with the Squire in com der ot » provinee as combatants participate in the peace Oplilion Mian appoint as a
° : : street into the armory and tears were jxnale “ 1 ’ he {x she . . tieall and Virere tne Paris to go te
Mrs, Munson urged him to steal, She oy aieen 4) Hele a? ‘ had | ANd Bessie wax xaved. On the isiaud she : conference is energetically ¢
eaten ‘ , ‘ running down We cheek aT NAY Th hike ran geress her father CRronox theatre >» aot the Danube, susivy rejected Dy the newspaper, Whit
matntained, newaver, hehehe Han never ef the squadion as thes disappeared inte a ' : . i . ; ned but bef ite | xt ne la “ t thie st not come tO Jnise UNCH A NO AD hy NOTE
known where bie money came from, but, the gloom of the big red barn of 0 build goers inoist on reunle _ le i ; \ mi Lo between Macin and Isakeha | declares pan : miu eee aca ae ‘ ANGE, ’ : Me
: ow . : eee oe “de happy event ocveurred Jin awkins ae a . if othe, ja any elrcumatances ' ay come at
sheugnt yooh = ied are yuu aie ing and realized that thelr job—-a invu's found tne, betwee aly-breath escapes | (8 # sula made by ae joey ital an nal wann Germany and her foes is Not: parenee Reply to Germans to He
eek. The “Mrs Manson nid. ne | aize job——was over and done with, that to muke love to he He doesn't pro- Dar Witch) “ners ba oy am the business of neutrals, it insists, and 7 WP: ; a
weexs. nee Geers Sell Mh BDC! they were really home again : Semele ser ed s ,. vortherly course at a tight ansle and) ot iy has jearned in addition by bit aa 46 Minat Denisa.
found Lovett had no intention of marry- And before the cavalrymen could un- | POre Curing the plays, but if one is ine) ai. east to the Black Sea, which it} Germany nas ies ee eaaks
ing her, #0 she left dim and came back! cule and unbridle theit rough « uted Cuned to be pessimivtic he can take the oo, eo a marshy delta, through) ter experience what she m expect Foreign cite
' ss ‘ ri reir ly coater a ' ro ay ah . maches by a mi : iu : pues Awan ae
y Yor : aywrights word for it that y will : : 5 an in a court in whiea t j ea V a :
to New York. Her Sprnier miveetheart | ponies and get them tucked away into | te aha b ae ih or ot} ee prope Which run three arms All of this delta eat an under the pressure of England d poe
forgave and married ther, Lovett Wat. warin sialls with plenty of hay and oats haat Ma thant "= , is part of the Dobrudja, yet there has) In guca a case the world would he Ce un pea ,
captured in London. ‘to dream It may be harsh dreams of a! ane Sue a a Pay t been no German announcement pe | Sains . ae t rddh ‘attnw4 .
deiincntnatientntabintedatemenanent ani ‘ ‘ *iNe : ee Judy a » Who ix something of a re + ; a oache ») ag st her, is, }
vicked border that Kis Littl horses, dramatic critic himeelf, having written | 20¥ of it has been even appr a by The Vossische Zeilinu declares t
° give it time—-they found themselves sub- ' the Peuton troops tia > ont Wilaon need 1 decel
e ? Merged by wave on wave of their women a number of opinions in copyrig Suite, The Macin-lsakcha peninsula is just that f resident \ mn ul 7 \ sai \ " \ hot
By ee a oY decided that as Soyre had im orovord Be cae Cay nort himeelf into thinking Chat he can a te
. : y » to ‘ ' ne ( ss ‘ re toree iimpertant ae hee '
3 SONS SNOWBOUND on sone ee ee sn BimnGry ‘oe Robert Louis Stevenson he was «it tied ' ee : te sapien now because | down any precepts for the ¢ nae - ‘ ; ‘a rats
wr ia Aisminsal Call sounded averial eos temporary injunction rescraining ree . Digi ee aoa “ ay eiilanian fROnt ‘There will be no trace, it says, bu the - A‘ hate
PM thie iothera aa tan ne = He the Punch and Judy Theatre trom "inte t Wallachia the se reth line, pro- fighting will continue, with fermans etna
M, an ives ond sisters beginning any action to stop t's sroduc. [tires aera ae » the R t terms increasing in severity a he " ‘ epstannt te
ani sweethearts amply threw themselves OB °NEAUE NN. tecting Moldavia, They are the Ruman. | terms incraaning nn eas i caAaait ; i t
Douglas and Two. of IWis upon the boys who had been away so UC 8! me in eities of Galata and Braili ond the  Bresiaent Wileon's step we welcome,’ eady has be } WSF OH ite
long, and there was a good deal of re eee Russian iown of Reni, Tf the Russtans ei aie Petar Theodor Wolff |! Cab 1 ie in s ven
Brothers Unable to See Happy Weeping BAG &.BO0d Geni OF Klaps | PEACE BEFORE AUGUST have retired to thie position tt is to DOr oe rns h § aan in the Tageblart, Ve tat ete ae “for
W Bk f I ] te S08 Se eee areas Fone Bt onus | 9 tect this group of bases ) | eae that quite regardless of feeling for sitinas atiiing He W oe
er Before Death. that all the clock shops in New York if t Teutons ave actually on the} at, ay Micon Ae clin cag | PRUmeCUtiig. the: ¥
¢ r against President Wilton or ‘the 4 Prac ally all ‘ he
could not have equalled the chorus, One BERLIN BOERSE HEARS southern bank of the Danube east of | 0 : a :
— . . } .| sires in some circles for war with Amer nue te tno 1@
speculated as to what a wonderful Ixakeha they would have great difficulty V7 eateniatistz iol Bana bla GE ete on 6 ;
Py phonograph record could have been Le n crossing into swrarabia Near ita} in re same iy main rf ss ) " , ' ; a
; While ieee of me ane. hurrying “| made of this homecoming ' R mouth the Danube Is very wide, and | “A a - PP ap urece ; vo n , i aye
jer bedside from the far est, were Heavs setting Cported ON where not protected by great marshes | HPOpOFRIB bece ln’ tiles : aT AGE ate —
snowbound within & jew pours of New Big Christman Tree Agiow. - ! and a network of sinall rivers it is pide | ston Wilson a hanauadin a yany ; i \ Mista
York, rs, Ella Adélaide Al banks, ; nwo . nadi , lanai) ie Lan © ‘ange dent 4 aus ‘7 oF acare ane .
| mother of Douglas Fairbanks, the actor, Then when the squadron men had had the Exchange Regarding tected by lakes or hill ranges oe tating ae ta tne diellan ae ee ey -
ree eet lance ar ] the armory a bit ; ard peace in Various Warring me the s Rays that ‘ Vileon
died early thi# morning at her home in, ime to Blance aroun ; 7? nas ; ' toward peace it
nee garly eee Sth aaa e mal they saw a big Chrisimas tree gleaming the End of the War. DiMiculty in Crossing, ltr and therefore (s not guided by! niready hax boen anuwered hy Premier
time was her son, Norris Fuirbanks,! its welcome from the middle of the drill : At only a few points, and those nars) parliamentary speeches delivered for) Lloyd George wie ‘ tin the
and Mrs, Douglas Fairbanks "floor and they saw long tables groaning row, could an army eross at all, and ic is;pome and enemy consumption. Presie; bouse of Commons Pies ‘
Mrs, Fairbanks, who was 69 years old,) Wit) svod things to eat and drink—ail Loxpon. Pec, $e-A Frankfurt dee doubted here if even at those points It] dent Wileon, he concludes, is obviously | sper 4 rm to the v0
was taken seriously il] about ten days "rts of tasteful sandwiches and home teh to the Exchange Telegraph Com. Woult be possible tf there were strong | aiming for a peace that would he a recons posi y the address 1 hiure
s + ‘ ys ‘ Spats t AXChANBE “eR aY ain + Yat th !
ago with a complication of diseases, made ples and cakes and salads and, ORO) \ Kotterda le us u ere was, OPposition jciifation, and Germany, despite what the day 1 b Andre } ar iu we
| When it was seen that her death was 8¢at urns of steaming coffer, \ voaey betting on the Seriin Bosree to On the front in Great Walachia, south | writer alludes to ag the angry clamor | ¢ exchequer, and t
imminent, which wae several duys ugo Whon the horses were finally put to | heavy betting on ie > a oT iter of the Sereth, the Russian statement tos |o¢ the greedy, deatres an understanding | by the e:mphath. declaration of the Cy
word was sent to her three sons Doug. bed and the boys had tidied themselves | (ay that se wou ye - Pte: ne 4 day reports many small engagements | toy such a peace net through the ine neech o Qe
las waa then in Los Angeles finishing, UP @ vit there was a real Christmas | August. — me same ance he sont wiih Teuton advanced guards, none of | guing Parliament
some motion picture comedies in which | teat in the armory, with the women folk | the eran ein pero! At by en oe! them of great importance. Evidently | Depends on Entente Reply.
he je to appear. John was in Denver! literally trying to stuff their returned iin FOP oon a te » merican they are such relaying engagements as | The Lokal Anzetger, though admittins Vormal Reply bue.
and Robert was in Idaho lads, so afraid were they that the boys | 49d Spanish Ambassadors, atit the Russians are known to be fighting | ot president Wilson's proposal has ' ; j
All three immediately "started Kast, | would not get enough to eat, | sane Se y em -amycpagee 7 iM ‘ while the Sereth line is strengthened, | ereat politt al signifi aii e wonder 1 ere i? & vecog yooMiaa
sew York Ml Wright (everybody calls , @xchange ‘elegraph ANY Sends The mye Russian statement on the Rumanian a! 4 A ; aver? circles it a formal, po t \
and were to have arrived in New York Major B ’ 4 low le | ceived Amster , fwhether it comes as an aftermath ol i. ‘nt Wilson, and t) .
; ; him Bi} and he appears to be the kind | following despatch received in Amster- ang other fronts followa: he ace Ol due President Ison, and this, it is
yesterday afternoon, The snowstorm of | ' . ‘d , Col p: . . 0 t . lthe German proposal to the Entente « said. will be drafted after cons
apt sk and rqady human person that dam from Cologne Northwest, west and southwest of | ! a ' ald, !
last week, however, stalled the trains of | of quick | 51S ’ ‘ eee N ‘ s independent of it, The Lokal An-| wit ae os
7 ‘Bill fits) was gil over the place, see- | President Wilson's note produces a Rimnik-Sarat the enemy yesterday |! The Loka with Greu ritain 4}
all Saree. PN AG. ling that his men were happy and com- ‘pleasing impression herve, In official eir- pressed back our advanced posts and | seiger declares that Me rmany and her Pat eats oa linng
women? Sull ; the “cotton king,” tried ‘fortable and exchanging greetings with cles it is stated that the note will be an- — jively battles were conducted fn the | % es cannot take a stand until the | *| Meoretary Balfour ja a maste leupa
of Daniel Sully, tl . It hundreds of friends hailing him from swered in a few days.” region of Bakovitcheni and Vaduleor. ,tente answer ts received, which, fron | wrirer, ‘This was displayed \ m
velny 0 enete ony re ee ; every side. on eeeene enna wee esol | eesenrs reports, if considers gives ne munications writtea by no owhen
is HOt Rnowy Now FOP sey are &wey hor $ : e i ; latel 1 e cause for optimism, On the eharacter > ; ?
, ity ‘It's greut to get back,’ said Major In the region of Balatchenul one of , | wae First Tord \ Admmoralt
when they will reach this city, sini’ fall Peontedt née is eat bane: | GERMAN GUARANTEE READY. gun sonnmanies Shick athsteniaa jot rin anwer ud i eth: It prover |Fecutation of sarious Gevinan state
ene enern _ < Tea —_—--—— acim await f are be a yeplica of the speeches of Pree! jonte
‘ Christmas. Yes, we worked hard at the y | ochisiu damaged at that place four [to r A ment
Movie Films Uy Parcel Pont, {porder: patrolled the river all the way Willing to Make Lasting Peaees! ping belonging to the horse artillery | miers Briand and Lloyd George the mi Whe Atanohdstas Gucnridia ooh
WasuinoTton, Dec, 23.---Motion picture; out to Bamfordyce at the end of the 100 Says Count vou Bernatori, and surprixed a sleeping squadron, j per thinks the ‘ake DE Ae Wilson note! inaekable editorial, because if endeavor
films are adinitted to the malle by an! mile raflroad Une that shoots west from Litt ANMLMetA, Doc, ¥3.<-1n view of which they bayonetted, An enemy appears to stand or fal’, to interpret the President's viewpa
der to-day of the Post Office Depart-| the St. Louis, Brownsyille and Mexico ELL ADAP EEA a ew Of) battalion coming from  Kirlenk sur- | Count ven Reventlow, commenting 1) gounds a word of eaution to-day against
orger p ho AE, tours, - ‘ ees the Christmas season the Public Ledger) | : : vw. but the come |ihe Beutsohe Tagesseltuna, declares (hat n 43 \ ' |
ment effective January 1. }ilms will go} main line Gar A aAiY Lt MARR ' pounded our company, bu le com the Deutache Tagesseltung, decks (hit | cgty and il considered action in making
under regular paroel post rates, but must asked the German Ainassador it aush- pany broke through the cordon, taking [the charactey of the Entente ts obvious L reply
. , Y , ’ fort ree | ‘ ‘ * a
be enclosed in metal cases and sparke| Every Man Hard as a Rock, es ae helt oe oe ql eee with it killed and wounded comrades, | from the headline “The United states |” spi. Guardian velleves that the note
t | sage ORF Oe PRUTAeROn Aro Mixing In’) Count Reventlow des! vir cool NRLARRAT idan)
pret Dees. eomenineenee eee ry of Pikes ane Gust ang | pease ane fone will, The Ambassador | Venton Attacks Fall, ;votes the ereater part of his editorial to| ewoered can only help the Allies cause
“ / mesquite and ack turantulas, but we| sent the followin I ? , ; See at ee i ily | hi i
FOR CIVID.IZATION oe Pr] we went. I.ook at those ane | ditkamniaiivie ne ine alwuye bLosn for \mnressive attempts by small de- | the statenn nt of feovetar) , DeaRBL nN, and throw into stranger relief the me
) -day et, we eer] e- me? j > at t white ie terms a rea walns ere | Ane HRA Ot a rf i
af 0 See ee ne 4 ed ate There are 450 of them, not & man who | a peaceful development and her earnest tachinents of f infants t My | wane that America will enter the aa weak RP Pe ANA) t oe , i! .
of ite foundére atlll lives, there shoul oe | i not in the finest of shape physically | hope at this Christmastide is that afier, iehani and wn at pelea lon. the side of Germany's opponents | Me WFhnpe SUD AR SPH 8 pea ane sh ‘
no difficulty in securing a million signatures and mentally, all hard as rocks and | two and a half yeurs of the way the old, were beaten by our fire and dispersed, " tae ae eater aa Niet end ct iaapate SAvS seems to have wen ri te uu ’
to an address to Great Britain, France and } message of peace on earth and good | In the region of Lake Koldigeyski, | shows ’ ' ‘ this country, that the identical note wa
their Allies giving assurance that they| - « eee. will to all men may soon be fulfilled northeast of Baranovichi, the esemy jing to a conference under any circum. | ee
have faith in them and believe that they Continued on Seventh Page With the hearts and minds of the entire! artillery displayed strong activity | stances, use her naval weapons agatust (Continued on Secand Page >

 

   

© Mabona, where
© lost, etneatisutes
wording to the beste on

sathority tha tarv te ik
Tro ty  etowetagne Cheat the Potted
Btates (saverotient at about ready ta
Hiake astra. and rout the Pres cents are
fitude wi tho Mabe e ge hus
ehnoged &ineco the Sugeest in juat