Vet, LAXTVR AG, 525
PLING THE LITTLE BOATS
‘ ous ¢ ne ISER — THE |

AN WATCHING PHoEM,
sto) Tleve Get Brand New Life Preservers
vod Some Skippers Mave Brand New

licenses —tine iad Noun at An, No
‘ic Preeservers sad 23 Passengers.
Janes S. Clarkson. Surveyor of the |

Jugehlo lie Dalzelline, awiftest

vor tags, made bis tiret cruise yester-
inet the defiers of regulations afloar,
ue obout sixty miles of waver and all
nts of the compass about the island
lt was up the North River
down and through the
Ship Canal and Harlem River to

River and bayward to and beyond

‘ island and back to the Battery
;anyving Admiral Clarkson were H.C.
Acting Collector in the absence of

‘  Stranahan; Fred D.Kracke, Naval
‘ Col. J. M. Bishop, Deputy Surveyor;
Jor “urvovor Matt Coneys, Vice-Admiral;

hattan

Yonkera

» Leputy Surveyor Alexander McKeon |

oms Inspectors Scism and Blakney

e converted revenue cruiser flew the

Jack forward and over her taffrail

tars and Stripes. Those are flags fre-

, seen on eraft hereabout, but she

tinguishable chiefly by the flag with

and down red andwhite stripes, the

» ot which bears an eagle clutching in

-tarloard talons the olive branch and in
ort talons the thunderbolts of Jove

\ice-Admiral Coneys and his superior

‘Soer represented chiefly the olive branch.

lhev earried no rapid fire gun Their
n was one of diplomacy
The pilots of harbor craft saluted the
vy all along her route and ehe dipped
affrail flag.
The Jack Lynch, with eighteen men

.voard, was the firat of a fleet of power
> that attracted tho cruiser. Vice-
\dmiral Coneys sang out to her through a
zaphone “Come alongside.”
‘The cruiser had stopped and the revenue
fog bung limp at the staff, so the skipper
f the Lynch didn't understand at first
» oy be should obey. When the Dalzelline
ed and the breeze etifened out the
tag e Jack Lynch got her kicker working
. srowsly
ido only her owner and his friend.
wher showed lis life preservers cheer-
ly and passed on
S)cananda girl in a littl power boat
re eneountered in the Harlein River,
Tie men recognized the cruiser - having
road about ber~and gave her a salute by
lift pe hie hat. Vice-Admiral Coneys re-
marked “That boat is not overcrowded.”
And the man responded *It would be if
ther another man aboard.” The girl
iwaghed and waved her handkerchief to
the cruiser

At IS4thy

> was

troet and Harlem River an

nspector
ishut of twenty persons from the power

boat Phantx, bound for Clason Point, and
it it wasn't necessary to overhaul her.
© Was just ahead
OY Fort Hamilton the Dalzelline held up
e motor boat Typhoon, Capt. Samuel Pol-
ic She didn't make fast to the cruiser, as
Hie was requested to do. and after Coneys,
NeKeon and Blakney nad boarded ber she |
drifted off The Vice-Admiral assumed

eommand and tnade the s«ipper come along-
side the Dalzelline and make fast. The
rkipper showed his license entitling him tu
carry fifty-one persons. He had forty-nine,
all bound from the fishing banks and feeling
pretty good, as a pile of empty beer bottles
attested, She had fifty-one life preservers,
nearly all brand new. Mr. Coneys apolo-
vized smilingly for the necessity of inter-
fering with the Typhoon, whose skipper
was almost as polite as the Vice-Admiral.
Lhe power boat Sea Boy was overhauled
in the channel between Fort Lafayette and
lort Hamilton
Como alongside!” shouted the Vice-Ad-
i
the Sea Boy kept saucily on her course.
}vidently her skipper didn't see the cruiser’s
De lvelline #purted and came toa stop
1os8 the Sea Boy's bows. The revenue
etcod out then and the talent in the
Roy sai up and took notice when this
ronee drifted over to them,
if you don’t come alongside we will
t you." i
‘oa Boy responded ewiftly. She had
v-nine pessengers and is entitled to
thirty-two. She had her life preservers
ve below and her skipper, Capt. Edward
‘kel, wes advised to put them within
fof passengers. He said he would and
i to do so before the cruiser was out
«. ‘The life preservers looked new.
© power boat Viking, which meekly
iered after being hailed, also had
» preservers in places where pas-
ers conldn't get at them = handily.
promised to obey the regulations and

rotor boats stopped by the cruiser
enses only a week old and nearly
r life preservers were new.
cockleshell motor boat Kingfisher,

ent the other way when called upon

alongside. The threat of arrest
er to hump herself in the direction

Datvetline.
is your license?” Mr. Coneys

e skipper, who was white and tremu-

iid he hadn't any, and uttered half
oeoot things with an Oriental accent
4 the boat being owned by a woman
A 1 it wasn’t his fault and that he was
w1) to go anywhere and do anything

hive passengers, some of whom were hal?

re are your life preservers?”
iven't any.”
of passenger, holding aloft a half
bottle: “We've got enough
Lere to cork up and float us.”
‘oneys reported the condition of the
hing r to Surveyor Clarkson, who or-
i ber taken to Tompkinsville, where
| embarked her passengers. The
r said he had no right to put the
is to inconvenience except that
in the enforcement of the law.
sengers thanked the Surveyor
Coneys. Capt, Kind did likewise,
culatory emphasis, when he was
4 4 le wouldn't be locked up just yet.
' ctisher after she had landed her
' “ra Was taken in tow by the Dal-
{ brought up to the Battery boat

eer

Conevs found that she had |

shouted to the Dalzelline that he |

nuded and owned by Louis Kindt, |

f vere permitted to land his twenty- |

— ee ee EE eee eee

+*NEW YORK. MONDAY,

FAPAN TO RULE COREA,

New Powers for Ucsiden(General De
manded—To Reform Entire Government.
“pecial Cable Despatches ty Tae Sus.
Toxto, July 21.-Advices from Seoul in-
rheate that the demands that will probably
| be presented by Japan include a revinion
jof the Japanese-Corean treaty or a new
'Corean consiitution. In either case the
| power°of the Japenese Resident-General
i will be #0 extended that he can intervene

 

 

TRAIN KILLS DOCTOR IN AUTO

MIS FIANCEE TERRIBLY INJURED
AT JAMAICA CROSSING,

 

 

 

Dr. Kadward J. Gatingher Burned to Death

Madigan Expected to Die—Were to
! Be Married Two Weeks Hence.

| in Corea’s internal administration. inchud- |

ing the judiciary

A demand wil) alao be made that the
| court be distinguished from the admine-
, tration, making confusion between the twa
‘impossible. Another plan ia to give the
| Resident-General direct control of all the
departments and to rake the Cabinet re-
sponsible tu him, the Emperor retaining
the power of forma) veto. In any case the
Corean military system will be abolished.

Desultory rioting continues in Seoul,
where Gen Hasegawa is in command of
the Japanese forces.

At the suggestion of Prince Ito the vari-
ous consulates have accepted Japanese
guarde. It is reported that three Ameri-
ean warships and an English iser are
expected at Chemulpo this afternoon and
; that they will land marines to protect the
consulates.

Lon pon, July 22.--The Tokio correspond-
ent of the Times says that official reporte
| show, first, that the abdication of the Em-
| peror of Corea was entirely unprompted
| by the Japanese Resident-General, who

stood carefully aloof, and, secondly, that
Japanese troops were not employed until
| the Emperor addressed a rescript intrusting
the latter with functions enabling them to
| quell the disturbances, which already
threatened to become serious.

It 1% believed that Japan's policy will
take the form of maintaining the dynasty,
but revising the treaty on lines euch as will
eliminate the unpractical features of the
present system and endue the Japanese

; With power henceforth to deal with the
| situation intelligently in the interests of the
| Coreans and genuine progress.

| When this is accomplished Prince Ito will
| return to Japan.

THORP A RESGUER.

Ex-Feootball Captain Saves a Girl From the
Surf at Lookout Beach.
Frenport, L. 1., July 21.—Miss Violet
Atwood, 19 years old, was dragged out of
the eurf this afternoon by Tom Thorp,
ex-captain of the Columbia football tearm,
and as he was bringing her in among those
who went to his aid was O'Connell, a Colum-
bia baseball player.
Thorp and his family are stopping at
Rockville Center. O'Connell was down
for the week end. They were in a big
crowd which went to Lookout Beach this
afternoon. The waves there were very
; high to-day and bathing was impossible
| for any but the strongest.
| Miss Atwood went out into water a little
above her waist and stood there clinging
'
|

TOM

 

to the life rope and allowing the breakers
to rush over her. She was warned by
friends to guard her footing, and did so for
| a time, but a wave higher than the others
lifted her and swung her over the rope
and left her struggling.

Several persons saw her plight and raised
a shout. Thorp had just left the water.
He was out alongside the young woman
long before any one else and carried her in.
People near by thought she was nearly
drowned. She was being put through
| vigorous treatment when Dr. Julian Dean
of Brooklyn,whose parents .ve here, ar-
rived and decided that the girl was only in
a faint. Headministered stimulants and she
revived and was able to dress and return
here later. She thanked Thorp profusely,
though with evident embarrassment and
expreased a desire that some day she might
| “reciprocate.”

eS

 

FERRYBOAT BANGS HER SLIP,

 

Many Passengers Upset and Several Hurt on
the Garden City —Signal Miscarried.

The ferryboat Garden City of the Thirty-
fourth street line crashed into the slip at
Long Island City yesterday while moving
at half speed ard several persons werehburt.
They were all able to go home after being
attended by physicians. The boat was
crowded and that more were not injnred
was considered remarkable,

The accident occurred on the trip start-
ing at 12:16 from the Manhattan side. It
was the first of the rush to the resorta, As
the boat went in between the racks on the

|
|
|
|
|

Long Island side the signal to slow waa given '

| and obeyed, but when the pilot rang to stop
and reverse the signal did not sound in the
| engine room and before it could be trans-

mitted by tube the boat went against the
bridge

When the crash came most of the pas-
sengers were on their feet and nearly all of
them fell. There was something of a panic
among those who could not see what had
happened, This was quickly checked.
Most of those knocked down sustained only
bruises

Those who required medical aid were:
Mrs. Catherine Gray, 52 years old, 52 Van-
dam street, New York, left knee and elbow
-prained, abrasions right arm and shock ;
Mrs. Mary O'Donnell, 22, of 528 West Fifty-
third street, shock and left ankle sprained,
and Miss Agnes Ryan, 35, of 499 West 128th
| street, contusions and abrasions right arm
and shock, They were attended at the
ferry station by Dr. Hanley of St. John's
Hospital

\
!
STEAMSHIP FIREMEN MUTINOUS.,
'
\

 

 

 

Sixteen From the Deutschiand, Whe Had
Shipped as Strike Breakers, Arrested.
Sixteen firemen of the steamship Deutach-

land of the Hamburg-American Line, in-

cluding nine Englishmen, six Hollanders
and one-Irishman were locked up over

Sunday at Hoboken police headquarters

on complaint of Chief Engineer Henry

Litmann of the big liner. The steamship
| offtoers wanted the police to take forty
other insubordinate firemen off their hands,
but Chief Hayes drew the line, saying that
| he had to reserve cells for his Sunday

regulars.

The mutinous firemen were hired on the
other side as strike breakers. When they
| reached America the strike had been set-
| tled and many of them wanted to desert
| the ship. They refused to work and
| wouldn't obey the officers. Some of them
| got an attack of what Chief Engineer Lit-
| mann called “plain cussedness” and the
| ship's officers had a merry time quelling

| outbreaks among ther.

 

 

! yonn Wanamaker Loses Stable by Fire.

| PaiapenPuta, July 21.—Fire to-night
' deatroyed the stable at John Wanamaker's

‘' 1) the Barge Office. Her owner :
; fined. i wal an necessary to ar- | country place. Mr. ae a

48 he will come to claim his boat, house than six mon ago
“<1 \v ve Lis only capital. | Tine lowe is placed at $30,

{ Dr. Edward J. Gallagher of 302 East
! Twelfth street was killed and Miss Helen
Madigan, caughter of James Madigan,
a retired merchant of 93 Madison avenue,
was probably fatally injurel
automobile in which they were riding was
struck by the Amagansett Flier at the
Locust avenue crossing of the Long Island
Railroat im Jamaica, Queens borough,
eurly last evening. Miss Madigan, to
whom the doctor was to be marriet two
weeks hence, has only a slight chance of
recovery. She is frightfully burned

| ‘The doctor's body was so burned that it
was almost unrecognizable. The identifica-
| tion was made by Patrolman John G. Barnes
! of the Jamaica precinct, who was the first
Barnes had only

 

 

| policeman on the scerie.
| recently been transferred to Jamaica and
| previously his regular beat had included
| the block in which the doctor lived.

The crossing at which the accident oc-

| by motorists to get from the Merrick road
| across the Hoffman boulevard. The train
which hit the doctor's automobile was an
express. It left Long Island City at 4:19
o'clock, driven by Engineer Dimock Tho
conductor was Frank Hendrickson

George Hauser of St. Albans, a newly
built up section to the eastward of Jamaica,

ae far as cau be learned The spot where
the accident occurred is one where the Long
Island Railroad tracks and Locust avenue
cross at an angle of about twenty degrees.
There are not many trees to screen the view
and the accident is therefore hard to ac-
count for.

Hauser gays that it appeared to him
that Dr. Gallagher put on extra epeed in
an attempt to get across the tracks ahead
of the train. The express, which was west
bound, was making good time

rear of his horne some 900 yards away, the
automobile was struc: squarely and thrown
into the sir toone side. The machine turned

lagher and Miss Madigan under it. The
gasolene tank exploded and the fluid apilled
over the two

The gasolene quickly eaught fire and in
this way both Dr Gallagher and Miss Madi-
gan were badly burned before assistance
reached them. The clothing was turned
off Dr. Gallagher, and the fact that Miss
Madigan was pinned against the ground
face downward aaved her from being more
severely scorched

About fifty feet behind Dr. Gailagher's

el ST I SS

| machine at the time of the accident was |

| another automobile, owned by a Mr. Ball.
When the accident occurred Mr. Ball stopped

ithe car dragged Miss Madigan from be-
| neath Dr. Gallagher's burning automobile.

Both were unconscious when dragged
from beneath the automobile. It was read-
ily seen that Dr. Gallagher was but barely
alive. He died a short time before the am-
bulance arrived

Besides the burns, Miss Madigan susta.ned
a fracture of the jawbone, all her teeth
were knocked out and her left leg is frac-
tured. She was taken to the Jamaica
Hospital in Jamaica. Her father was
notified at once and he arrived soon after-
ward. He was told that his daughter's
chances of living were poor.

Coroner Ambler last night visited the
scene and ordered the arrest of the engineer
and fireman of the train. The engineer had
| stopped as soon as he could after the crash
| andthe train crew bad gone back to help care

for the injured couple. In a short time a lot
| of automobilists had arrived and, learning
that the ambulance was coming, theerew
| left their names with those of the engineer
| and fireman and then made for their train.
| The express resumed the trip to Long
Island City. The engineer and fireman
will surrender themselves this morning.

The auto, a Columbia, was oompletely
wrecked and burned.

Dr. Gallagher was born in Brooklyn and
was 61 years old, After attending the pub-
lic schools he entered the Bellevue Medical
School, where he was graduated in 1887.
He was a widower, his wife having died
about seven years ago. Miss Madigan and
the doctor's wife were related.

Although never active in politica, Dr.
Gallagher was well known in the Ninth ward,
where he had a large practice. He leavesa
sister, Loretta Gallagher, who has been
summoned home from Richfield Springs,
where she had gone recently on a visit.
| Miss Madigan and her father went to
at a boarding house at 93 Madison

avenue two weeks ago. She and her flancé
had about completed plans for their wed-
ding and honeymoon. They intended to
goto Europe. It was in view of the coming
marriage that the Madigans closed their
home, at 219 West Nineteenth street, and
went to the boarding house. Madigan,
who is an elderly man, did not want to be
alone after his daughter went abroad.

 

DROWNED CHANGING BOATS,
Optician Loses Balance and Fails Into River
j —Vain Efforts ta,Bescue.
| Elias Sacks, an optician of 53 East 120th

street, was in a rowboat on the Bronx River

yesterday afternoon along with Benjamin
Weber of 687 East 155th street, when they
| passed a friend, Arthur Greenwald, floating

 

in a skiff from the opposite direction.

“Jump in with me,” shouted Greenwald,
“I've got something to tell you.”

Sacks, intending to return in a few min-
utes, decided to join Greenwald, The two
boats were pulled side by side, but when
Sacks attempted to go from one to the other

| he lost his balance and fellin. Assistant
| Superintendent Mitchell of the Bronx Park
boathouse, a few hundred feet away, saw the
man go down. He dived after him, as did
John O'Gorman and Jim Shand of the life
patrol. All missed their caiculations and
Sacks was drowned. His body was found
shortly after fe'clock last night and taken
| to the Fordham morgue.

Sacks was 20 years old.

 

After all, USHER’S the Scotoh
thst mede “we bighbal! temous—Adee,

 

Beneath His Wrecked Car—Miss Helen

when an |

curred is not protected by gates or lagman,
| although recently it has been much used |

was the only eyewitness tothe accident, |

According to Hauser, who stood in the |

over as it descended and pinned Dr. Gal-'|

} his machine and with a friend who was in |

22,

 

 

 

|
| Swiftest Adantic Liner Malf Ful) of Water
! —Travellers Delayed.
Spectal Cable Despatch to The Sun
Benny, July 21--The North German
Lloyd steamer Kaiser Wilhelm II. lies half
submerged at Bremerhaven, &@ mysterious
accident having caused ber to hee! over on
her side while she was coa)ing last night.
Reports have been circulated that the
accident was due to striking seamen who
were seeking revenge against the com-
pany, but the officials declare there is no
ground for such stories "i
The listing of the vessel occurred with
| Sensational suddenness at about. 10 o'clock,
when she began to heel heavily to port

without warning. Within a few minutes |

|

\

|

| ahe lay flat on ber side, with the water pour-
ing through the coal doors and portholes
into the bunkers, boiler room and engine
room, Steam puinps kept the water from
entering the saloons and cabins

So far as the officials have been able to

ascertain, the strange accident was due to

| the fact that with the falling tide the bow
struck the muddy bottom. off which the

steamer slid suddenly when the tide rose

‘and then careened heavily. falling on her

side.

The company etates that the flooded
compartments will goon be fully pumpedout.
The damage ie fully covered by insurance.

Scores of homegoing Americans who
| engaged passage on the steamer months
agu face the probability of an enforced,
indefinite stay on this side because prac-

tically every westbound steamer sailing
| for the next two rnonthe has been booked
| up for weeke
The Kaiser Wilhelm IT. was built at Stettin
|} and Jaunched in August, 1902 fihe is 706
| feet Ginchos in length, with 72 feet beam,
| and her height from keelson to premenade
| deck moylding is 52 feet 6 inches. Her
| draught to load line is 20 feet « inches and

her displacement 24,500 tons
| The ship at the time she wos launched
was the swiftest and most modern of trans-
| atlanticliners, Uer final cost was $2,078,000.
'
'
'

 

NEAKLY THROWN FROM BKIDGE,

MITK tem’ Horse Runs Away and He Lands
on the Guard Mall.

Moyer Emmer, a milkman of Woodhaven, -

L. I, had a narrow escape from being
thrown from the Williamsburg Bridge yes-
| terday when his horse ran away.
| Emmer was crossing the bridge to Krook-
lyn with a load of milk and when near the
| Manhattan tower the animal became fright-
| ened at an automobile and bolted. As the

horse dashed along the roadway toward

tho Williamsburg terminal Emmer lost
the lines, but he kept a tight grip on the

seat.

On the Fast River span a little to the east

of the tower the runaway, in trying to get

clear of a carriage, ran into the outer guard
rail. A part of the shaft became caught
in the steel skeleton work and the wagon
was upset. All the cans of milk rolled out
and their contents were spilled in the road-
way

The force of the crash when the horse
struck the guard rail caused FEmmer to
pitch forward. He landed on top of the
rail. Had he not got a good grip on the
steelwork he would have dropped into the
East River, 137 feet below. Several police-
men helped him down from his perilous
position. He was uninjured. The horse
was severely cut

 

NEW BOOST FOR LA FOLLETTE,

|
Vegetarians Want a President With a
Peaceful Appetite.

Caricaco, July 21.—If a Presidential
boom oan wax fat on nuts and apinach
there is hope that Senator La Follette of
Wisconsin may be carried to the White

| House on 4 great wave of garden truck.

The La Follette milk, nut and spinach
boom has been launched at a mecting of
the local vegetarian society Aoocording
to a printed boost circulated among the
members, Senator La Follette is an ardent
supporter of the vegetable die and has
converted every member of his family.
A comparison is drawn between the Sena-
tor and President Roosevelt. It reads

| thus:

When we think of the barbarous pro-
clivities of the President, with his intense
love of the chase, with his advice to young
men to shoot straight, with bis nature evi-
dently stimulated on the passtenate side
by bis unnatural diet, we can readily see that
there is much to be expected through a
change to a more normal man.

According to Albert H. Snyder, president
of the society, the presence of a vegetarian
in the White House would make for the
cause of universal peace.

 

LIVELY RUNAWAY IN STH AVE,

 

Four Occapants of the Rig Dumped Out
—Horse Leaps the Park Wall.

A bay horee drawing a two seated surrey
in which Harry Blume, his wife and two
children of 6 East 117th atreet were driving
ran away yesterday afternoon at Fifty-ninth
street and the East Drive in Central Park
and dashed across the steps in front of the
Sherman statue. The animal then took a
short cut across Fifth avenue and ran up on
the sidewalk in front of the Metropolitan/
Club.

Mr. Blume tugged at the lines, and his
wife and children in the rear seat held on to
keep from falling out. The horse would
not be controlled and gaining the street
galloned up Fifth avenue.

At Sixty-ninth street the vehicle’ was
swung so hard against the east curb that the
carriage was upset and the Blumes dumped
out. ey all escaped injury, but the crash
caused the breaking of the king bolt and
the horse ran free from the carriage with the
shafte dangling at his heels.

The animal narrowly missed colliding
head on with an automobile at Seventy-
first street.- The auto driver turned east
to avoid the harse and thé horse
west across Fifth avenue to escape the auto.
The runaway just yalonsd © group of children
walking along the alk, and wasn't
deterred by the three foot wall, and with the
shafta hanging to him leaped over into the

k. He m a bad landing, comin
down on his chest. This delay enabi
+t Powers to run up and nab the

oree.

Mr. Blume sent his wife and children
trolley and took his horse and

carriage to a livery stable

home
wreck

 

When You Get Down to It
There's nothing more refresming on a hot day than
along, coal Mt. Vernon Pure Rye highball—square
whiskey In the square bottle, Ade.

 

 

 

Line Outings from Desb. st.

Unsurpassed D:
sap 5a) or 1:4. ‘ee etmbt. and exc, cols. Music,

KAISER WILHELM II, CAREENS. PHYSICIAN

| to Fort Sheridan

 

1907 ,——Copurioht, 1907, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association

 

SLAIN IN STREET

DR. RUSSELL SET UPON BY THUGS
IN BROAD DAYLIGHT.

Telle Coroner in Ante-Mortem Statement
He Was Beaten and Robbed in Har-
lem —Pains in His Head Caused Him to
Wander —Found Senseless In Doorway.

 

Dr. Edwin J. Russell, a practising pbysi-
cian of 1082 Bedford avenue, Brooklyn,
was found unconscious at 4 o'clock yester-
day morning in a doorway in Lexington
avenue pear 120th atreet. He was removed
to the Harlem Hospital, where he died

| shortly after 6 o'clock last night. In an
ante-mortem statement to Coroner Aecri-
telli Dr. Russell said that he had been beaten
| and robbed
| “ft happened in vVrond deyhgnt Friday
evening.” he said. “The time |} should
say was 7 o'clock | had left home a short
time earlier to answer a call) While near
the other end of the bridge | was seized
i with intense pains in my bead to which I
{ bave frequently been subject
into the subway across the river Later
after getting te the street | managed to
make out from the lamp post that IT was in
| 120th street on the south side and walking
weet Possibly a quarter of a block from
| Lexington avenue sis) young men sur-
| rounded me. | was cruwded tu the inside
of the walk

“One kicked me iw the stomach, while
# strapping big fellow choked me with
his two thumbs. Then one man hit me
on the jaw. I think it was with a blackjack.
My surgical bag was knocked from my hand.
1 felt my watch being jerked out of my
pocket and a few minutes later my wallet,
containing $50, was taken.

“About this time some one tgaded me a
glase of what seemed to be water, but from
the taste I should say was a drug. I re-
member the crowd talking in low tones and
their voices seemed to get further and
further away Other than being conscious
,of wandering about J don't remember

much. Occasionally 1 sfaggered into a

doorway. People would crowd about me |

and | would move along.
They tell me that it was Sunday morning
when I was found, but it seems as if years
must have passed since | was first stricken.”

“Would you be able to identify the men
who assaulted you if they were brought

here?”
“I'd desperately
Russell.

rise up and

try,” answered Dr.

Coroner Arcitelli then went over the
round where the physician said that he
was attacked and the place where he was
finally found. The neighborhood is occu-
pied mostly by tenement houses and is said
by the police to be respectable. The Biddle
piang factory occupies a large frontage of
the street at about the place Dr. Russell
says he met the gang. He was found
leas than a block away, around the corner,

in a doorway upon the west side of Lex- |

ington avenue.

Notwithstanding the fact that Dr. Rus-
sell was picked up early in the morning,
the first information sent to his home was
at 3:30 o'clock and was telephoned by a
reporter. It was said at the house that
he had left there early Friday evening in
response to a call, Dr. Russell had been
practising for twenty-seven years and was
graduated from the Homeopathic College.
| He was 4 years old.

He married Miss Edith Singson of Monti-
cello, N. Y., and left a son, Clarence, who
is a draftsman, and a daughter. Mrs.
Rusgell said that her husband had patients
in Manhattan. He left home on a pro-
feasional call shortly before 5 o'clock on

 

destination. A search was started for tae
missing man on Saturday morning.
Acting under orders from Coroner Acri-
telli an autopsy was performed by Dr.
Edward Weston last evening on the body
of Dr. Russell. The autopsy disclosed the
fact that death was caused by strangling.
Coroner Acritelli said that the strangling
showed that Dr. Russell had been attacked
and choked to death, the choking which

of his death.

 

DOG AT THE PRESIDENT'S "PEW

 

And the Preachgr Speaks Out Against

Bringing Doge to Church.

Ovarer Bay, N. Y., July 21.-A dog
of a kind for which even a nature faker
would have been unable to find a pedigree
nosed its way up the aisle of Christ Church
when the service was nearing sermon time
to-day, dodged by the sexton and ushers
and headed straight for the fourth row
front on the left, where the President sat.

The Rev. Homer Washburn noticed the
wavering attention of his congregation and
seeking the cause his eye lighted upon the
dog. The preacher paused in his reading
and Jooking at no one in particular re-
marked:

“I must pause here to repeat a request
that I have made more than once before.
It is that the members of the congregation
do not bring their dogs to church.”

At this point the members of the con-
gregation stopped looking at the dog and
looked at one another. The President's
gaze was directed straight ahead

The President wore his white suit to
church to-day. He was accompanied by
the younger members of his family. Mra.
Roosevelt and Theodore, Jr., were not with
him.

The last four days have been the quietest
the summer capital has ever known. ‘There
have been no visitors at Sagamore ‘Hill

have been made public.

The President, having got in his hay
crop, is resting from his labors and no
further executive action is expected before
the harvesting of the oats.

statement printed in a morning paper that
Acting Postmaster Morgan had received
the permanent appointment in New York
was absolutely false. According to the
secretary, the man to be appointed is still
to be decided upon, and the matter probably
will hang fire for several days yet

 

Kermit Roosevelt to March With Army.

Fort Rivey, Kan., July 21,~The first
| squadron of the Thirteenth Cavalry will
| start on Thursday on a march from Fort

Riley to Fort Sheridan via Fort Leaven-

worth, Capt. Fitzhugh Lee and Lieut,
i Philip Sheridan will accompany the squad-
| Fon. Capt. Lee said to-day that Kermit
| Roosevelt would join the troops at Fort
| Leavenworth and would march with them

a a TT

   

 

J wandered |

Friday, but did not say what was his,

the doctor received being the direct cause

and no executive orders or appointments |

Secretary Loeb said this evening that the |

I by G

|GOLDEN STATE LIMITED WRECK.

AM Care Overturned; Many Mort op Kock
Injand Express in New Mexico.

Eu Paso, Tex.. July 21.—The Golden
| State Limited on the Rock Island Railroad.
(running from Chicago to Los Angeles,
| was wrecked at Corona, New Mexico, tv-
night.

The place is an Isolated station 195 miles
north\ of here.

Reports to the officers here say that all
the cara were overturned except the ob-
servation car.

Many persons are reported injured but
| nobody is killed among the passengers.
| The injured are being taken to Tucumcari.

 

—

 

MAY ALL VOTE FOR TAFT.

 

| Onto Republican State Committees to n>
| dorse Him for President.

CLEVELAND, July 21.—Secretary William
| H. Taft will be indorsed for the Presidency
at the meeting of the Republican State
central committee next Saturday at Co-
lumbus.

In many quarters it would not cause
surprise if that action were unanimous.

Senator Foraker has maintained head-
quarters at Cincinnati and both he and
Senator Dick have been conducting a quiet
‘ campaign, but their efforts seemingly have
| been in vain, for at least sixteen of the
‘twenty-one central committeemen have
declared for Taft.

 

 

 

| LONGWORTHS TO SAIL THURSDAY.
| President's Daaghter Recetv ing Social At-
tentions Before Departing for Hawaii.
| San Francisco, July 21 —Congressman
| and Mrs. Nicholas Longworth left the city
yesterday by automobile to visit Mrs.Long-
worth's uncle. C. M. Hammond, in Lake
county
They will return noxt Tuesday. On
Tuesday evening the Longworths will be
gueste of honor at a dinner to be given by
| Mrs. Eleanor Martin at her city residence.
A theatre party will follow
Wednesday they are to go to Burlingame
as the guests of Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels at
a luncheon. Following the luncheon there
will be an automobile tour of the Burlingame
| country.
| Ati P.M.on Thursday the Longworths
| are to sail on the steamship Siberia for a
!

 

month's visit to the Hawaiian Islands.

 

 

Magistrate Sends Word to Him About
Stores That Do Business on Sundays.
Magistrate Cornell sent a hint yesterday

to the police captains on the East Side by

way of Policeman Coffin of the Elizabeth
street station that the clothing shops and
other stores that do a thriving business
on Sundays ought to be closed up on that
| day.
Giovanni Brocco, a pusheart pedier,
had been arrested by Coffin at Mott and
Hester streets for selling on Sunday. The
‘ Magistrate went through part of the East

vir TO CAPT, DOOLEY.
'

 

: Side on his way to court
“Here you tring in 4 little pushcart man
when all these shops are running wide open.
{ It's dead wrong,” said the Court. “It's
not your fault, but the fault of the system.
| I wish you would tell your captain that he
can go almost anywhere around here and
buy a pair of $1.98 trousers on Sunday.
This little pushcart fellow is discharged.”
' Capt. Dooley is in charge at Elizabeth
street
i o-

| TO PROTECT JAPANESE RIGHTS,

| Mikado's Subjects Organize a Corporation
tn California.

{ Fresno, Cal., July 21.—Seven Japanese

| residenta of Fresno have organized a cor-

poration to look out for the treaty right

of the Japanese of this part of the State

and to take any action they thigk necessary.

Articles of incorporation were filed with

the County Clerk and the work of organi-

zation has progressed as far as procuring
| headquarters. The society will be affiliated

with similar bodies in other parts of the
State.

Fresno is one of the largest centres of
Japanese population in California, having
more than 1,000, and more than 5,000 in the
height of the fruit season.

 

 

 

FELL OFF THE PERSEUS,

 

Lacky Italian Picked Up by the Crew of a
Fishing Sloop.

While the Iron steamboat Perseus was off
Robbins Reef on her way back to Man-
hattan from Coney Island at 6 o'clock last
evening Medoro d’Aurio, 21 years old, a
bookkeeper, living at 211 West Tenth street,
who was sitting with a girl on the rail of
the hurricane deck, lost his balance and
fell overboard, hitting hie head on the
side as he went. The Perseus stopped at
the ery of man overboard, but there was
| auch a crowd around her boats that D'Aurio
| was lucky in not having to wait for one of
| them. A fishing sloop towing a yawl was

close by and the crew picked him up with
the yawl and put him on the Perseus
D'Aurio was taken to the Hudson street
| hospital suffering from a contusion of the
head and submersion He will recover

 

 

 

ELEPHANT GETS HIS ROLL

 

And Tears Up 810 Worth of It Before the
Money Can Be Rescued.

The elephant Gunda of the Bronx Zoo has

} lately learned a trick of taking in cents
| from friendly visitors and in return rings a
gong that his keepers have rigged in the
| enclosure. The money is laid upon a shelf.
' James Hinchcliffe of Pawling, N. Y., gave
| the animal several coins yesterday, when
his wife, noticing the crush about the cage,
reminded her husband that he had better
; put his purse in an upper pocket. Acting
| upon the suggestion he drew forth the

Wallet, but Gunda was too quick for him
and got it.

Before Keeper Heimel could interfere
the animal had torn it into pieces and muti-
lated the bills which it contained. Hinch-
cliffe aaid that originally there was $400 in
the pocketbook but that after Gunda got

it he was $10 shy. Theloser expects to take
the damaged bills to the Sub-Treasury in
Wall street to-day and have them replapéd.

Petition to Change Van Alen Child's Name.
Newport, R. I., July 21.—Mr. and Mrs.
James Laurenz Van Alen have petitioned
the Probate Court to change the name of
their son, James Frederick Van Alen, to
| James Henry Van Alen. When this changeis
' made, the boy, who is now nearly 5 years
old, will have the same name as his uncle.

148,360 acres tn solid body for sale at $3.00 ,
rabam & Cook, Cuero, Texas.—Adv. =m

/

 

 

44

Mompaz, Jour 22, 1907.
Partly cloudy to-day, showers to-night

or to-morrow.

 

 

nee
—

PRICE TWO CENTS.
STATE RIGATS ISSUE GROWS

MAY CUT A BIG FIGURE IN PRESI-
DENTIAL CAMPAIGN.
Controversy Over Jurisdicuon of Federal
Courts in North Caroling and Virgipia
Railroad Gases Lanphasizcs Recently
Expressed Views of Root and Knox.

Wasuinoron, July 21.—The Federal au-
= are intensely interested in the
|

 

 

 

situation in North Carolina, where a olaah
is believed to be imminent between the
State and Federal judiciary over thp ques-
tion raised by the Southern Railway Com-
pany as to the constitutionality of the State
law prescribing a rate of 24 cents a mils
for passenger traffic. Should Jeter G.
Pritchard, Federal Circuit Judge, order the
release to-morrow of the two passeng*r
agents of the Southern who were sentenc>!
to thirty days in the chain gang for viola-
tion of the Stato law it would precipitate a
crisis that might
quenoes.

Federal officials are of the opinion that
it would again bring to the front asa political
issue the old question of State rights, and
while no one here apprehends any such
discussion of the subject as preceded the
civil war period, the difficulty in North
Carolina is not underestimated The
Roosevelt Administration is watching the
trend of events in North Carolina, and a
day or #9 ago an agent of the Department
of dustice was sent to the State to make an
investigation and report

Jeter G. Pritchard has beea prominent
in the Republican politics of North Carolina
for many years. He was United States
Senator from the State for six years, and on
| the expiration of his term was appointed a

Federal District Judge by President Roose-
velt. Later he was promoted to the Circuit
Court. While he has held aloof from poli-
| ties since he has been on the bench, Judge
| Pritchard has kept in touch with political
affairs State and national. He is a per.
sonal friend of President Roosevelt. He
is expected here to proceed with great tact
| and diplomacy in the present emergency.
Advices receiyed here are to the effect
that the Virginia authorities, in which State
cere fare law has been passed, will
5 precisely the same course as these

be serious in ite conss-
t

 

in North Carolina. Judge Pritchard pre-
sides in the circuit which embraces Vir-
ginia

Administration officials frankly admit
that the trouble in North Carolina is preg-
nant of embarrassment in a political way.
Last December Secretary of State Root
delivered an address before the Pennsy!-
vania Society of New York in which he de-
olared in substance that the tendency of the
times was for a stronger central govern-
ment, made necessary by new economic
conditions and the derelictions of States

In June Senator Philander C. Knox of

Pennsylvania, who is a Presidential candi-

date, using the view of Secretary Root as

a text, started a discussion of State rights

This discussion has grown out of the passage

by Congress of the railroad rate law and

other acts which are supposed in some
quarters to be of doubtful constitutionality.
Now comes the excitement in North

Carolina, which is expected to break out in

like form in Virginia and other States of

the South. Politicians are asking whether
after a lapse of many years State rights is
to become one of the principal issues in the

Presidential campaign of 1008

ASHEVILLE, N. C., July 21.—Judge James

H. Merrimon, as special counsel for the

State, appointed by Gov. Glenn, in the ha
| op corpus proceedings brought to re-
| lease J. H. Wood, district sassenger agent
2 the Southern Railway, and C. Wilson,

ticket agent, from a thirty days sentencs
| on the chain gang for violating the new pas
| ganger rate law, has raised a new objection
| to the position taken by the railroads thet

the fourth section of the law, providin:
punishment for its violation, is unconstie
tutional.
Gov>Glenn and counsel for the State cone
tend that even if this fourth section should
be declared invalid and totally set aside
the defendants cannot be dis *harged because
they would be punishable under the com-
mon law
| The Governor contends that the rate law
of the State is, on its face, valid, and al!
| courts must so treat it until it is adjudgei
| void by a court of compe‘ent jurisiiction
and that no court will hold a statute void
op the ground that it is unconstitutional
unless its unconstitutionality is made to
' appear beyond a reasonable doubt
| They declare that Wood and Wilson wers
} duly charged with a violation of the rate law
' beforea court of competent jurisdiction,and
' that they were duly trie1, convicted and se. +
tence i by the Court and turne! over to the
custody of the proper authorities of the
county.

They contend that a Federal court has
no juriediction to discharge the petitioners
from that custody unless the law unde:
which they were convicted and sentenced
is unconstitutional; that no court, Federa)
or State, has jurisdiction to suspend a valid
Siate law by an interlocutory injunotion,
that the Federal court in tho cases now
before it is confronted with this dilemma:
it must here and now declare the rate law
unoonstitutional or it must hold that all
the people and courts of the State are to
obey its interlocutory injunction rather
than a valid law of the State if it discharges
the petitioners. ,

There is but one escape from the dilemma,
they say, and that is to dismiss the writs
of habeas corpus and remand the prisoners
to the custody of the Sheriff of Buncombe
county

Gov. Glenn says the law will be enfores4
and promises armed protection, if ueces-
| sary, to State officials.

Judge Pritchard's decision in the habeas
corpus case to-morrow morning is awaited
with great interest.

 

 

 

TO VELL STOP THIEF IN CONCERT.

 

600 Democratic Orators to Denounce Penn-
sylvania Capitol Graft the Same Day.
Pittssuro, July 21.~—“Thou shalt not

steal” is the battle cry that will ring out

in 2,000 towns in Pennsylvania from the
throate of 6,000 speakers simultaneously

a given day in August on behalf of the

campaign of the Democratic nominee for

State Treasurer.

W. J. Brennen, leader in the local Demo-
cratic wigwam, was to-day placed in charge
of this mighty outory against the Republi-

"7 ye hes will be based
os Ww on the State
Capitol graft investigation.

—_—