he

wee

E

eter i

A S A , F
WAL ° Cee ee ‘ Tee ee ee 7
ye ee ayes y reat ay Pe ee

,

 
 

 

mRs. WEBB 3 QUES TO ANNUL.

‘Tity Haynes's Sieter Seeks Release From
Daniel ©. Webb.

Application wag made yesterday to

Justice Davis in the Supreme Court by

‘| Ooungel for Mrs. Carrie Jenkine Webb for

the appointment of a referee in an action

pevokes the Ana ana for the annulment of her marriage to

to the Attorney-General Which Daniel C. Webb of the y Central
Used to Show That He Was Agetnet

Senator Curtis and Ex-Sepater Long.

WasnrxaToN, May 15.—President Taft
bas shown in an emphatio way that he
wil] not permit @ Republiéan faction in
any jmportart State to point to any official
action on his part as evidence that he
has thrown his powerful influence to that
ion to the exclusion of a rival faction

 

WHEN THEY TRY TO DRAW RIM
INTO A FACTIONAL FIGHT.

 

%. Morrisey.

Nothing appeared in the papets of the
oane to explain the grounds on which Mrs.
Webb is. bringing suit.. Mr. Webb said
last night at the Broadway Central that
he was aware that an action had been
begun, but that he did not care to discuss
the circumstances of the case.

‘Mrs. Carrie Jenkins Webb is also de-
eoribed as-Carrie Haynes Webb. She is

fact
within the party. In directing Attorney- eléter of Tilly Haynes, the former
General Wickersham to revoke the ap- the way Central,
pointment of Robert Stone of Topeka, died ir _— veal. Aocoeding 3 =
Kan., as an assistant to the Attorney- his will the lessee

way Centfal was given to Mre. Webb

: COMET pe Ee, fone on fe
y |

+ NEW YORK, SUNDAY,

a

Hotel. Justice Davis appointed Joseph |”

Genera, the President made known that
he did eo because the fast of the appoint-
ment had been used by the Republican
faction headed by Gov. Stubbs and Sen-
ator Bristow to show ‘that Mr. Taft had
recognized them 4s controfling Federal
patronage in Kansag\and had given a
hlack eye to Senator Qurtie and former
Senator Cheeter I. Long, whom Mr. Bris
tow defeated

for her life, when it was to revert to the
trustees, who were to continue the busi-
nese or sell,as they deemed best. Mrp.
Webb wan on6 of the exeoutdrs and trus-
tees named by thé will. The others were
her sister, Mra, Addie Haynes Hickey,
and Clifford . @° nephew. All
right, title and interest in the United
States Hotel in Boston was given to Mrs.
Hickey

Both the Webbs have been married be-
fore and this is not Mfs. Webb's first

Gov. Stubba wants’ to succeed Mr. | auit ;
Curtis in the United Statae Senate. He |aiderabiy” her Juco, Las!" month abo
stood with Senator Bristow in his fight | brought an action against him and his.!
to get the seat held by Mr. Long, then a | brother, Edward H. Webb, to prevent
kenator. Gov. Stubbs came to Washing- {them from selling or disposing of the
ton several weeks ago and asked President | Botel é
Taft to appoint a KansasAnam toanim-| ANARCHY IN BLUEFIELDS. |

portant position in the Department of | ytartias Law Falls to Stop Rioting—Signs |
Justice. The President agreed to do 80.' or on AnthkAmerican Outbreak. |
and it is said that he tinderstood that; wWassrwoton, May 15.—A serious con-
the man named by Gov. Stubbs would (dition prevails at Bluefields, Nicaragua,
have the indorsement of the Kansas and the pe as danger to ares
delegation in Congress. _ |property aud interests bas cau e'
Mr. Stone came to Washington not | pate obetigation boa the Walones at
long after that with a proper introduction | piiefelds of the |
from Gov. Stubbs and he Was appointed | Marietta. .
to the place named, which carried with it | In the last five days there hag been a}
a salary of $3,000 a vear.+ ‘good deal of rioting at Bluefields and hun-
Immediately after the appointment was |dreds of acres of bananas have been
announced Kan31s neéwepapers friendly | destroyed. The situation became such
to Gov. Stubbs and Seflator Bristcwjat last that Mr. Clancy, the American
began to say that the appointment marked | Vice-Consul at that point, made strong
the end of Senator Curtis's influence. representations to Gov. Estrada and de-
These papers poked a good dea! of fun at) manded that martial law be declaréd.
Senator Curtis and emphasized the fact This was done, but the indications are
that he had had nothing to do with the ap- | that the action has not tended to improve |
peintment of a man from his own town, | the situation very much.
Topeka | The Bluefields Steamship Company,
Senator Curtis and some of the Kansas jan American concern, is most seriously
Representatives in Congress got busy. |affected and hes made representations
They went to tite White House and ex-/to the State Department. The vessels
plained what was being said by the Stubbe- | of the company carry fruit from Nicaragua |
Bristow faction and were particularly |io New Orleans.
anxious to know whether Gov. Stubbs| The State Department has not had
and Senator Bristow weré to control the | much information about the matter and
Federal patronage of Kansas. | has determined to make further investi-
President Taft answered them emphati-| gation. Accordingly the Marietta will
cally ig the negativé. and to show that he) go to Ceiba, Honduras, and there pick up
meant it he wrote a letter instanter to | Drew Lisard, the American Consul, and
Attornéy-Generat Wickersham to révolte ‘take him to Bluefields, wheré-he will be
Mr. Sténe’e. appeintinent and informed |assisted by Mr. Clancy in making an in-
the Attornép-Conéral that Gov. Stubbs | vestigation. He will then report to the
had ‘thoughtlesely placed us in a position | Pepartment.
that is entirely indefensible.” He wrote| So far the Department does not know

 

 

 

also to Gov. Stubbs telling him that he had
supposed Mr. Stone's appointment would
be credited to the entire State, and added:

“To my. great-surprise | am shown now
an article’in which Mr. Stone's appoint-
ment is heralded as a humiliation to the
membera of the delegation and as a joke
on them; not only that, but also as an in-
strument for the defeat of one of the
Congressmen, Mr. Anthony. I think you

must yourself see, Governor, that I could |

not for a moment put myself in an afti-
tude of opposition to the delegation, ¢s-
pecially to particular friends “of ming
like Mr, Anthony and Senator Curtis.”

The President said also: “I can’t allow
myself or the departments under me
to be made the means of the promotion
of the political fortunes of one faotion
or the other in a State as important as
Kaneas.”

The President told Gov. Stubbs that if
the Kansas Congress delegation would
indorse Mr. Stone he would reappoint him.

SUES U.

 

S. EXPRESS CO.

Btockholder Wants a Meeting and an Ac-
counting or a Receiver.

Proceedings in equity have been in-
@ituted by Benjamin F. Spraker, presi-
dent of the National Spraker Bank of
Canajoharie as a stockholder in the
United States Expreés Company against
various officiala of the concern to com-
pel them either to call an annual meeting
or to render an acoounting. Failing of
these objecta the plaintiff asks for
the appointment of a receiver. Service
of the began last Thursday.
The suit ip tin Montgomery county.
The def named in the aotion
include all the officers and directors of
the com H with Levi C.

prees Com dated June 17, 1007.

It is alleged in the Gomplajnt that the
Management of the United States Ex-

press Company to oring about
ap unlawful oe of the United

holders’ m cannot be compel
Without the written request of
Cent. of the stock, which has not
obtainable. ’
it is said that. the
t by Spraker as
of a committee con:
theres of stock out of
ted, This committee ‘for
has been trying unsuccseafuully to get
‘hw passed at Albany
Sock associations like the
under the same

    

catte|
ae

whether the trouble is due to mere labor
difficulties or to anti-American agitation.
It is feared that the dislike for Americans
| srevailing throughout Nicaragua, es-
| pecial in Governmental circles, may
jhave a good deal to do with the diffi-
culties. There have been plenty of indi-
cations that the hatred of Americans in
Nicaragua is very intense.

NO MERCY FOR STRIKERS,

French Cabinet Orders Wholesale Dis-
| charges—Councell of Discipline Basy Too.
Spectai Cable Despatch to Tur Sux.

Paris, May 15.—After hearing to-day
the report of M. Barthou, Minister of
Public Works, upon the strike situation
and the reports of heads of departments
the Cabinet decided to make 803 more
diemissals. Of these seventeen were of
women, seventeen linemen, 102 carriers
and thirty-four provincial employees.

The Council of Discipifhe, which is de-
ciding the caeés of postal etnployees who
have taken a prominent. part in the strike,
has recommended the dismissal of two of
the seven employees whose cases were
pending, Change of residence without
indemnity is recommended for one. The
oases of the other four were postponed
for further investigation.

The council has been summoned for
Tueeday arid Wednesday next.

Only #00 strikers now remain out. The
Government has replaced all the em-
ployees who have been dismissed. Re-
ports continue of damage to wires at
Moret, Chantilly and elsewhere. Two
men were surprised at Dole while en-
deavoring to blow up « telegraph pole
with a bomb. f

The chief interest is now shifting to the
siiige of the labor unfons eatiy in

ion OF a strike
the postal employees. Vartous meetin
are to be held on Sunday to consider the

question.

 

 

 

 

 

 

ay oe

r ae

7 ‘
- ; .
me ™ ,
*
.
.

4
be

 

 

BAMES SILENT ABOUT SUIT

THE SINGERS FRIENDS PUZ-
ZLED BY DE GORGOZA CASE.

Piatotiff Insists That There Is No Charge
of imumoraltty—Her Counsel Win
Only Gay That the Sait Is fer Aliena-
tlon of Her Husband's Affections.

Mme. Emma Eames's friends in this
city were looking for her yesterday to
hear her side of the suit that has been
begun against her by Mrs. Elea De Gor~
goza, wife of the barytone, Emilio de
Gorgoza, for the alienation of de Gor-
gona's affections. After the papers had
been served on Mme. Fames at the Hotel
Bellevue-Stratford in Philadelphia on
Friday night she left, so it was said, for

city. _Her friends could get no trace
her in, New York. !

Her mother, Mrs. Emma H. Eames, who
Hwee at. 194 Hast Sizty-cccoad street, said
that ¢he didn’t know whether Mme.
Eames was in the city or not, and at the
Hotel Astor, where Mme. Eames has
apartments, it was aaid that she hadn't
been seen. In short, if Mme. Eaties wae
in New York she wasn't seeking an op-
portunity to make a statement in regard
to the De Gorgoza sult. .

Mme. de Gorgoza herself, however,
made it plain that she doesn't charge
anything immoral between her husband
and Mme, Eames. It was merely a case
of the barytone’s affections being stolen

way, 80 she said, while he was under a
platonic spell. Mme."Eames by her charm
of mind and manner had allured the
affections of the barytone away from his
wife. Several lawyers who heard of this
cause of action were inclined to be acep-
tigal. It aeemed to them that it amounted
practically to_a case of Mme. Eames be-
ing sued for being beautiful and a fine
singer. At least, in the opinion of lawyers
this question of a “soul mate” in a purely

Recent statements have been attributed
to Mme. Eames herself in regard to this
alleged artistic affinity or whatever you
call it between herself and De Gorgoza.
She is said to have remarked that she and
De Gorgoza had found that in singing to-
gether they seemed to call out each other's
best powers. Mme. Eames said further,
it would appear, that in duo with the
barytone she could attain tones not to be
produced in any Other way. That is said
to have been the chief reason why Mme.
Eames and De Gorgoza have been ap-
pearing together in concerts.

Benno Loewy, Sefiora de Gorgoza's
counsel both in the separation suit that
she had begun against her husband and
in the alienation action against the prima
donna, said yesterday that ho amount
has been specified as damages in the lat-
ter suit” That was unnecessary, he de-
olared, under the lawa of Pennsylvania.
Mr, Loewy isaued this statement: ‘

The statements in the newspapers ile
morning that Mine. de Gorgoza and I hat
been in Philadelphia are absolutely falée-
Neither Mme, de Gorgoza nor I have been
outside of the limits of the Borough of
Manhattan during the present week, It is
@ fact that | retained the Hon. George 8.
Graham on last Thursday evening, at his
residence in this city, to begin an action
against Mme. Emma Eames. ft is a fact
that in that action a summons was issued
out of the Court of Common Pleas for the
county of Philadelphia and served by the
Sheriff of Philadelphia county upon Mme.
Eames yesterday. No complaint has been
filed. There is nothing upon the face of the
summons to indicate the amount of dam-
ages that will be claimed, vor even the nature
of the action. | am willing, however,
to admit that the cause of action is the
alleged alienation by Mme. Eames of the
affections of Emilio de Gorgoza, the husband
of the plaintiff in the suit brought yester-
day. That fact, as { understood it, Mr.
Graham stated yesterday in Philadelphia;
but beyond that, so far as I know, Mr.
Graham has made no statements nor have I.

Mme. Eames's friends believe that she
will gail for Europe this week.

“KIDNAPS” HER SISTER.
18-Year-Oid Girl From New York As
tonishes Natives of Saugus, Mase.

Boston, May 15.—Mary Crane, 15 years
old, who lives in New York, is the hero-
ine of a kidnapping case in Saugus which
bas aroused that town.

The kidnapped child is the four-year-
old sister of Mary, who had been living
with Mr. and Mrs. Michael Hardiman
of Kenwood street.

Mrs. Crane died in Lynn three years ago,
leaving considerable property. Mr.Crane,
who was sent to a hospital about two
years ago, lived with the Hardimans
after the death of his wife, while Mary,
the elder daughter, went to New York
to reside with a relative, who is a detective
there.

Mary came to Saugus about a week
ago to make inquiries gbout the littie
one. She went to see Hardimans
several times, and was told, it is said,
that the child had been legally adopted.

. | They refused to surrender the girl. Mary

Crane consulted a lawyer, who faund
no trace of a legal adoption.

Then the girl took matters into her
own hands. This morning ehe hired
a horse and buggy in Lynn snd drove to
the home of the Hardimans. When
she found Mrs. Hardiman away she ran
into the house, seized her sister and drove
as fast as possible toa train. Before the
news could spread she was on her way

to New York. )

LORIMER OR SHURTLEFF.

Te Be Prepoced by Both Partics as Buc.
cessor to Benator Hopkins.
Cmicado, May 16.—Either Congresaman
Williash Lorimer or Speaker Ed D.

Shurtleff will be put forward on

of the General Assembly this week
next as the candidate for United States
b-

outa Ser tls Ee er
sa sehen te ae

 

q shan awk

 

 

vd tty, Rae cot ep ae are Pen oe jo 4 eT ee
Y Ries: Oren s a coo ‘KS } oe ie
» , ' Nn EONS Be ie’ bai ‘ . \ yee De me. ore j ‘ Sa BSN
J ae DO ‘ iS Showers and cooler has! fair toamorrow;
j te I eePeroe. \
os é
.. . ; i i mf
" =e I SS
AY 16, 1909, —copveion, 1900, by.the Sun Printing ond Publishing Avroolation. FORTY-TWO PAGES. PRICE -FIVE CENTS.

SHUTTING CONEY UP ON TIME.

 

   
 
   
   
    
 

to all the entail t enterprises
of Coney Island late last night by fifty
sovecties headed Chief Inspector
Scim , for pu of closing
them up at’ . With the chief
F. R al Lee ihn J ne
, I Jol . O'Brien
Situs Parteabin sinatet sod Capt. Thomas

no trouble whatever in their visita to the
shooting galleries, concert halls, scenic
railways. candy stands and all the small
fry of the: place. At 12:3 o'clock this
morning Dreamland and Luna Park were
atill going.
Yesterday morning seventy policemen
t, on duty to supplement the fifty
regulars. Ordera had been issued that
no policéman in uniform should patrol
the Bowery and its tributary walks from
Surf avenue, It was explained tnat
this quarter of a mije of. boardwalk
the territory immediately adjoining was
private property. Last night tnere was
consid: je resentment on the part
of busitiess men in this section, and it
was said that a petition to the Mayor
asking for regular police protection
would not be unlikely. ’
Plain clothes men were not barred from
this part of the island, and they made
most of the proprietors close up without
any trouble. In one or two instances
the detectives went to Surf avenue and
got mén in uniform to help them oonvi
the proprietors to atop doing business,
There were no arrests.

 

WHAT AFROPLANES MAY 10.

 

| Net Galy Kad War bul Destroy All Pres-

ent International Relationships,

Spectal Cable Deapateh to Thm Sun
LONDON, May 15,—It is not easy to
explain how grave a factor in modern

| civillzation the aeroplane has become in

American gunboat artistic sense will open up a great unex- | the estimation of all European Govern-
| plored field for expert witnesses.

ments. The question seriously discussed
in all the chanocelleries is:

Will the aeroplane end war or will it
first destroy the present system of intdr-
national relationship?

It ia now freely admitted by many
high authorities that within perhaps
three or four years airships will dominate
all navies and all armies. Such alarmists
as Capt. Bulloch affirm that half s dozen
aeroplanes in evil hunds could destroy
London.

England has at last an aeroplane that
can fly, but it is a mystery that has set
the whole country wondering. It flies
only at night and it has been seen at
widely different places in the vicinity of
Peterborough. Nobody knows whence it
comes or to whom it belongs.

Stead bas a sensational article in to-
day's Mail affirming that in a short time
airships will destroy the customs syéterns
of Europe and obliterate the frontiers.

 

A REPUBLICAN HUNDRED.

 

Seth Lew Ameng the Members Invited te
Figure in Municipal Campaign.
Robert C. Morris, president of the Re-
publican Club, appointed yesterday a
committee of one hundred members
to take charge of the club’s campaign
in the coming municipal fight. Ina letter
to efch member of the committeee Mr.
Morris ‘wrote: .
*The club, with its great and influential
membership, should become a potent
factor in the fight for an honest, efficient,
economical and progressive city adminis-
tration, and much can be saocomplished
by the campaign committee.”
The new body is made up of many men
of commercial and professional promi-
nence. Among the members are Otto
T. Bannard, Henry Birrell. Philip Bloch
Lucien L. Bonheur, M. C. D. Borden,
James @. Cannon, Frank Brookfield,
Bainbridge Colby, Robert J. Collier,
Paul D. Cravath, George Cromwell,
Charies A. Dana, William Einstein, Henry
D. Estabrook,’ Edward H. Fallows, B. J.
Greenhut, E. H.; Harriman, John H.
Iselin, A. D. Juilliard, Adolph Lewisohn,
Seth Low, E. A. McAlpin, John 4 MoCook,
Arthur L. Merriam, Seth Milliken, Charles
1A. Moore, M. Morgenthau, Newbold
Morris, Paul Morton, Eugene H. Porter,
Walter W. Price, Jacob H. Sohiff, Isaac
N, Seligman, George R. Sheldon, Henry
T. Sloane, R. A. C. Smith, James Bayard
Speyer, Leopold Stern,
Stewart, Henry W. Taft, James Talcott,
Frank Tilford, Corneliue Vanderbilt,
Felix M. Warburg, William R. Willooz,
Edwin Wildman, George T. Wilsdn and
Peter Zuoker.

The committee will meet at the olub
on Tuesday ni for the purpose of
organizing.

 

OENSUS BUREAU PATRONAGE,

 

Secretary Nagel: investigating Charges
Made Benater MoCamber.
Wasuimoarton, May 16.—Following upon
statements made in the Senate by Senator
MoOCumber of North Dakote when. the
census’ bill was under consideration,
Secretary Nagel of the Department of
Commerce and Labor has started an in-
vestigation into the personnel of his
de Senator MoCumber in at-
tacking method of appointments
fo the census office in partioular said
that 90 per cent, of the persons holding
‘Government positions were residents
of thie sity and that 10 per cent. fairly
pricdrars$e the amount of patronage
but throughout the rest of the
United States. ©" f
‘The Senator also calied attention to
one section of the census office, A
oe employed care, he eaid, was the
eota 0 Congressman; ; two
were wives of officials of the War De-
partment, one the wife of a prominent
official of the Departthént, one
the wife of “a trav man’ and another
@ woman who was married recently.

 

MAYOR SAYS CITY WOULD BE
LIABLE FOR VIADUCT DAMAGES

 

/

And Must Reject Sieh an Agreement,
Which Would Leave Nothing in the
Bill Except a Repeal of What May Be
& Useful Act—Pension Bill Killed ‘Teo.

Mayor McClellan vetoed yeaterday the
Eleventh avenue railroad bill ‘ The
meamire Would have permitted the city
authorities and the New York Contral
Railroad Gompany to come to an agree-
faent whereby the surface tracks on
the west side of the city ahall be re-
moved by the substitution of either a
subway or’dn elevated line. But at the
hearing held by the Mayor last Wednes-
day Ira A. Place, the company’s counsel,
made it plain that the only agreement
his dompany would come to #o far as
ths Thirtisth street

tsents oe te ¢

ese
cami y BU ot

82d | was conoeined would be the building of

an elevated structure.

In the memorandum explaining his
féasotia for rejecting the bill the Mayor
said that the real question before him
was whether an clevated viaduct south
of Thirtieth street should be sccepted
by him on behsif of the city as a solution
of the Eleverith avenue problem, He
quoted decisions in many cases in damage
suite by alaitting property owners in
this city aud Buffalo for deprivation of
Hight and air because of the construction
of elevated roads and said he was oon-
vinosd that should the city consent
thé building of such a line it
liable for the payment of euch damages.
Qn the other harid if the city declined to
agree to an eleveted road the act would
be idle legislation except that it would
repeal chapter 100 of the Laws of i906,
which provided that if the company and
the old Rapid Transit Commission could
not reach an agreement within a yoar
the city should have the power to step in
and condemn the tracks.

“For the reason therefore,” the Mayor
concluded. “that this bill will lead to
nothing but will repeal a statute which
may be of value in eliminating the Eleventh
avenue tracks I refuse to accept it on
behalf of the city. The present Public
Service Commission has succeeded to aii
the rights and powers of tite old Rapid
Transit Commission and the power to
test the question whether the act of 1906
is ofill available lies with it.”

The bill making the civilians who are
em as drivers of patrol wagons
members of the uniformed force of the
Police Department was vetoed. The
chief objection to it made by the Mayor
was that it was mandatory.

Another bill vetoed by the Mayor
provided that the Board of Estimate may
retire on half pay pension employees of
the municipal departments who have
been in service for thirty-five years.
“No provision is made in this bill,” the
Mayor eaid, “to provide any fund to meet

pay pensions by deductions from
the salaries of the beneficiaries."

$4 WHISKEY HORSE LINIMENT.

Cemptrolier Suggests That a Cheaper
Brand Weuki Serve the City as Well.
Comptroller Mets found recently a

voucher calling for the payment of $16

for four gallons of whiskey sold to
the Park Department by a wholesale
grocery firm. Mr. Metz admits that
he. thought . he had got comething on

Park Commissioner Smith, and he sent

a corps of his men up to find out, | They

came beok with the information that the

whiskey was used for the department's
horses and further that it had been ap-
plied externally and not internally.

Horsemen use whiskey on the animals

to cure sprains and soreness.

Then Mr. Mets deplored the fact that
good whiskey costing $4 a gallon should
be used to rub down horses. Writing to
the grocery firm yesterday he said he
would allow the bill, but added:

“It seems to me that whiskey at $4 a
gallon is pretty’ high priced stuff for
horses. We are not questioning the
quality or price of the whiskey delivered
by you and therefore I have ordered the
bill paid. I will take up with the Com-
missioner, however, the question of the
kind of whiskey to be kept on hand for
the horses in future.”

 

 

CRUISER NEW YORK FIT AGAIN

 

Gampson's Old Flagship Is Recommis
siencd at Chariestown Navy Yard.
Bostox, May 15.—The armored oruiser
New York, flagship of Rear Admiral
Sampson at Santiago, which for more than
three years has been undergoing modern-
izing at a cost of about $1,600,000, was
commissioned at the navy yard to-day.
The New York is the firet of the old
armored cruisers to be rebuilt and placed
in active service again.
The job was the lar,
at the local yard.
larger and better armament and the
latest types of ammunition hoiste, turrét
meoclianism and ventilating apparatus.
The New York is fitted as flagship of the
fast ortiser equadron to be organised in
the Atlintio this summer carries
a much larger ‘marine and oom-
plement of officera and men than most
other alips of considerably larger, dis-

placement.

Capt. Herbert Winslow, exedutive officer
af the yard, delivered the ship to Capt.
Spencer 8. Wood. Capt. Wood then read
his orders to proceed as soon as practi-
cable to New York, where on Memorial
Day he i@’ordered to fite a salute at the
tomb of Gen. Grant. The band played
as the comnilésion whip was broken out
and a new American flag

ever undertaken
ship now has s

EARTHQUAKE NORTHWEST.

Reperted From Manitoba and Saskat che-
wan—lLasted €0 Sécenis.

Wom tiresc, May 16.—An earthquake

shook lasting from thirty to forty seconds

 

 

‘Wu Ting-fang, Giitmese Minister to the
United States, will be recalled and’ that
Chang Ying Tang, who negotiated the
Tibetan treaty, will be appointed to.
wuabcosed him. ,

Anbouncement ef His Cantidncy for

the Cooper Union “heokling”

 

 
  
 
 
 

    
  
 

WOMAN IK WILDEST PAMIRS

MRS. WORKMAN CLIMBS A PEAK
21,360 FRET HIGH.

 

Husband Telephotographed Hier as ‘She
Cenquered a Snowy Ridge—Tribes,
men on Strike-—Studies in Jor Forntn.-
ten—New Theory as to Pinnasries.

, Spectas Calis Despatch to TaR Son,
Pamia, May 15.—Dr. and Mrs. Willian

| Workman have arrived in Paris after an

toi-
would ‘be

 

 

\, Special Cable Despatch t0\ Tus Sux.
CONSTANTINOPLE, May 15.—It is stated
that Burhan-ed-Din, Abdul Hamid’s

 

 

in descent from the original Osman and
arrange for the young man becoming
the next Sultan.

 

 

gailery which followed Walter J. Travis
over the links of the

Mr. Travis after the match was ended
eat at a table on the lawn with the Presi-
dent, the Vice-President, Associate Jus-
tice McKenna of the Supreme Court and
several other distinguished persons. The
members of the group partook of Jemon-
ade and ginger ale. The day was in-
tensely warm. While seated on the lawn
Mr. Travis gave his indorsement as a
crack golfer to Mr. Taft's novel method
of scoring in a foursome. He declared,
as the President does, that in a four ball
match the best ball should not necessarily
win, but the winning side should be de-
termined by the sum of the partners’
scores.

EDWARD WHEELS AGAIN.

The King Pleasce His Doctors by Taking
=~ Exercise on a Tricycle.
Spectél Cable Despatch to Tam Son.
Lonpon, May 15 —A few years ago King
Edward might have been seen taking exer-
cise on @ tricycle in the Mall and the
neighborhood of Buckingham Palace.
The King, who to the distress of his
physicians hates exercise, dropped thie
riding, but has now takenitup again.

WELCOME TO JAPAN'S SHIPS.

Canadian and British OMiciais Entertain-
ing Visitors at Victeria, B. C.
Ottawa, May 15.—The Japanese orui-
Aso and Soya arrived at Viotoria,
tish Columbia, this morning and were
weloomed by a naval launch. The Flag
Lieutenant of H. M. 8. Shearwater guided
the cruisers in navigating the harbor.
Lieut.-Col. Holmes, commanding officer,
and Major Bennett of the Victoria Garri-
son made fornial calls on the Captains of
the ships. Consuls Taneka of Seattle
and Yada of Vancouver and many prom-
tnent Viotoria Japanese went on board,
and the army officers issued invitations
to the visitors on behalf of the Dominion
Government, which telegraphed instruo~-
tions regarding the entertainment of the
Japanede oT TnL, “Capes, Ishii and Saito
m ' f
and their staffs tet any of the cadets
and bluejackets were, entertained at
junohebn at 1 P. M., and a reception was
held later in the day.
MUSTARD ON BOXING GLOVES,

Peru Gives Amertoan Pusgiliet Seven
Years tor a Brutal Crime.

New Oraans, May 15.—Johnny Mur-

ray, an American pugilist, has been sen-

tenced to seven years imprisanment in

Peru, gooordin to advices received from
toda: ye maile. He wan ao

 

 

 

 

Sana a Bh oll of mustard on his
geres it tan Gyeas ante”
vi 08

Sater also advises thata ee
tion let is being taken for Murray
among the soldiers and citizens in the
Cana) Zone. :

 

Rene, Nev., Has Twe Fires,

   

“Our ovolies went on strike just as though
they were French postal employees. Our
cooks and helpers stole our food, One

opinion, is very bad for people attempting

upward of a thousand miles without

ical Society, the Alpine Club and the Sor-
bonne in France, and the geographical
societies in Antwerp and Brussels. Weare
looking forward to appearing before the
Royal Geographical Society in London.”

TELEGRAPH MEN ARRESTED.

Chloase Board of Trade Alleges Fraud
Involving Wire Tapping Scheme.

PrrresurGc, May 16.—H. A. Foss, rep~
resenting the Chicago Board of Trade,
made informations against B. B. Saylor,
formerly superintendent of the Pitts-
burg office of the Western Union Tele-
| graph Company; Isaac N: Barto, formerly
general wire chief and repeater chief of
the Pittsburg office of the Western Union;
William H. Smith, general manager of
the Pittsburg Stock Quotation Company,
and William L. Thompson, associated
with Smith, charging them with conspit<-
acy to defraud the Chicago ,Board of
Trade by alleged improper dissemination
of grain quotations.

In addition Charles R. Tilghman, a
New York inspector of the Western Union
Telegraph Company, has made an in-
formation against Barto for unlawfully
exposing business secrets sent over the
wires. The informations were - made
before Alderman McMasters, who will
give the men a hearing next Tuesaday
afternoon. Barto was committed to jail
in default of $2,006 bail; Saylor, Smith
and Thompson got bail. ‘

In a statement issued by Attorneys
J. 8. & E. G, Ferguson it was stated that
the Pitteburg Stock Quotation Company,
by Smith and Thompson,
through the engineering of certain em-
ployees of the Western Union Telegraph
Company had the Chicago Board of Trade
quotations sent to their office, then as an
electric company distributed the quotg-

volved a system of wire tapping
BOSTON’S TERMINAL HOPES.

Report That Canadian Northern Raliroad
Will Bulla From Montreal.

Boston, May 18.—Reporte are in cirou-
lation here that the construction of & new
railroad systém between Montreal and
Boston is contemplated. Sir William
Mackensjle of Mack & Mann, bdild-
ers and owners of the Canadian Northern
aystem of railroads in Canada, is quoted
As ; o -

“I have received many inquiries from

 
  

 

 

echeme has many attractions, we have no
present plans for ite fulfilment, though
nobody should forecast the future too

confidently.”

It has been in Boston that the
Mackenzie &# interests have had
engineers in Boston looking over the

 

 

   

Corporations, to the end _eanual The others, Senator MoOumber said, felt Mere at 22:17 this » Re- ), Nev. 15,—Two fires to- road between Montreal and Boston at a
Sockholders’ meetings might be oom-|' all eta eh : with ” cuitaa/ wore three widows whe had to take care ports from as far west as ft Current, | pron ena hh = fh Ka cote ier cost ‘of $15,000,000 in order to give that
by operation ot atatuie oe. made of themselves and femilies. Sask., show it was felt there | ing ed a large dence. | system an eastern outlet, as the Canadian
ene this, it ie pow attempting to » Mr, Bpesker Shurtie# were he promotions, ° Senator MoOum- , Regina and several other cooupants Sick can yned, | Pacific and Grand Trunk contro the other :
te remedy jn a court of equity; tes | ber, ‘seem to be almost wholly to points nleo report a shook There is no| At where were on the | Winter ports, Terrinals could be secured
eee pu the women who have husbands in the de- gelamograph bere, but it was noticed at | Sret Aoor, the two upper stories were | in East Boston.
: PRPS 1° ' _ _ partments. ‘i f the obeervatory. ‘a 8. OSELLE
} a ey : an, | Bese ents RE Ma |. Boer tale a ba
* N lan Ce., tan St. New York.
Bites cs Cease eens Bee es em | SE a Aa ie | [Bz ,
| j oft ‘ ‘ . s i :
¥ wu ; ‘ ‘ te 3 ‘
Sok MF Ewe BY ee ra - ‘
sa wiht i + - ‘ < Le a: ee i) a8 / a :
id oe al oa ia cS pd ai ? wf : Z at

elk atin ahh al oi al ee