¥

=

=~ he ape - ape

 

 

ht L

—————

VOL. LXXXIL—_NO. 98,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

A. TOCURB TRUSTS |= === po 0 bine
wanna, ne eur rane! WING TN MEY

{
;
ie

4

_ WITHOUT SUITS

Attorney - General Declares!
New Wilson Plan Is
Working Well.

— a +

has won its fight of many years standing |
for permission to corivert the Hete q

 

 

ns Valley in the Yosemite National
Park into a reservoir. “only a possible
veto by President Wilson will block the | C hamber
plan now. The Hetch Hetchy bill, a

of Deputies Ap-
proves Big Contract for
New Railways.

{ has ‘been before the Senate for weeks, was
passed just before midnight by a vote of
43 to 25.

The vote was largely a partisan one,
Democrats voting for it and Republicans

 

 

 

MPANIES ) HIM against it. The following Republicans | wry v1 ’ - "
COMPANIES All voted for the bill: La Follette, McLean, STRATEGIC LINES FIRST
Nelson, Norris, Perkins, Sherman and oxtnnenane
Stephenson. The following Democrats |

Quietly Make Changes Re-
quired When Demand
Is Made.

WILL NOT SUE NEW HAVEN

Voted against it: Kern, Sheppard and! Kiye Thousand Kilometers of

Shively, Senator Martine was paired in es
opposition. Road Will Be Con-
structed.

The Senate had an interesting question

‘before it during the closing hours of the
GEN, VILLA'S ENTRY TO-DAY

debate. Under the terms of the unani-

mous consent agreement the vote was re- _

quired to be taken before the close of the l

calendar day. Vice-President Marshall |

ruled that the calendar day would expire | sie siecilaies
at midnight. Twenty minutes before mid-

night epeeches were still in progress and |
panic seized the friends of the bill, Lemne-
cratic Senators rushed about the Senate

Thinks Railroad Will Volunta-

to Give Rebel
rily End New England

Chihuahua City
a Noisy Weleome—Mon-

 

 

|
Monopoly , , F ved ¢
nS Je suppressing every Senator who offered to | re Yemen
speak and finally the voting was begun. terey Hard I resse il.
' _ ene aa | — —
\tomney-General James C. McReynolds, | TENNIS AP $2,500 A SIDE. |

special Cable Despatch to Tin Sts

 

 

Macussing the case of the New Haven

Dake of Marlborough to Play on, Mexico City, Dec. 6.-—The Chamber |
flroad, made it clear yesterday that ‘ Pie ; ME i
railroad, a ‘ wi ' Maxine Elliott's Court, lof Deputies approved to-day the con. |
i icy 7 gon tol] * |
ate Vee een ; Special Cable Deapatch to Tut Sus. itract with the Compagnie des Chemins
ill i eta ade rh Oe) ae ee aces ve marl ide Fer Secondalres, a Helgian concern!
wherever possible. | borough and the Right Hon. Frederick lfor the construction of 6,000 kliometers |

Mr. McReynolds referred to the desire; Edwin Smith, M. P. for the Walton |

of railroad {in Mexico.
of Prestdent Wilson not to interfere with | division of Liverpool, are to play a tennis :

 

‘lew of the international difficul-
.. match shortly on Maxine Elliott's hard | In ne fe eet : fona me
honest busiresa and to give every! rea-, urt at Bushey Park, Each player will ties which might follow the approval of
~ourt ¢ shey é . a i
fonable aid to persons or corporations back himself with $2,500, the contract the members of the Catho-
that seek ‘o comply with the law, He! | lic party in the Chamber tried to have
praised the work and the plans of the ‘the debate postponed, but did not sue-
Vresident and said that Mr. Wilson wished | DOMINICANS RESENT ceed, ‘
\ SaAvar . . 2 ,
Not only to help luonest business, but in, The Government does not offer any
the case of the New Haven railroad both UJ § ELECTION AID cash, but guarantees the payment of
the Président and he himself wanted to do, owe interest on the bonds to be issued by
verything to conserve as far as possible ——_—___2— the company for the purpose of raising
funds for the construction of the new
the interests of investors. - oe ge > ‘ y
Mr. McReynolds spoke of his own work Say Sullivan's Promises Are

Trailways.

Not Binding—Bryan's “Ob- Government to

fin the reorganization of his Department | Designate,

 

He said that so tremendous has be- ; ! |
come the work of the Department that | servers” Do Not Sail. ' These bonds are to bear nominal in-
there is enough work for one man, with. | lterest at & per cent, with a maximum
out considering the necessary steps of | real interest of 6 per cent., the Govern-
reorganizing the Department or the Mew} ye caiecron, Dec. 6—A difference of ment retaining the right te stipulate

business that constantly comes up Viewpoint between the State Department Which of the new roads is to be built
Telle of Succena Achieved. and the Government of Santo Domingo | first.

fe would like to have the Department may lead to a change in the plans of This stipulation was made for the

of Justice run like au large law. office, Secretary Bryan for making a number of reason that the Government wants

and his aim i# to bring about reform and | American officers “observe” the forth: roads having a strategic advantage to
better conditions by suggestions rather) coming elections in the island republic. | be constructed before those which would |
than by long and expensive litigation. He| The Dominican Government does not be of the greatest financial advantage to
* aaid that many things already have been | fee! that it is necessary to ask the aid the company.

United States in connection with
Assembly |

| of the
‘the election of the constituent

without pub-
in-

accomplished in this way This advantage was emphasized by
i

licity, because corporations in many ‘the committee which reported the bill. |
stances have shown a desire to follow’ on December 15. Assurances mude bY | The committee pointed out the futility
the suggestions of the Department rather) James Sullivan, Minister from the United Sthe-sld aoater| cb the Gaanear aha j
than go into the courts. States, in his communications with the | °F the old systen ie | yme f

Mr. McReynolds said that @ suit against | jeaders of the revolution in Santo Do- Cash Subsidy per kilometer, which failed |
the New Haven road to dissolve the alleged jyingo last summer, concerning the fair- in the case of the National Railways,

monopoly of transportation faciiities of | ness of the elections, are not binding on The report emphasizes the necessity
New England would be absolutely the last’ the Dominican Government, according to. for the Government to retain some kind
resort of the Wilson Adininistration to) officials in Santo Vomins » city. of control over the railways, which are
corregt conditions there. The Government is bound by law of ja natural Monopoly. It pofnts out that
He said that if the directors of the! course as to fair elections, but according Bene of the United States and Great
New Haven work out their own solution: ta advices received here it sees no vce 0G cate allseraat<dounttlee CohtPolcinch
of the big problem now confronting (hem | easion for the United States to take any ae ,
within a reasonable time there would be part in them. It is held that an. invita: | PBA UE? their railways,
no legal action, but added that the law) e¢ion to the United States Government to) 18 Tecommending the passage of the
must be obeyed ltend a hand in the elections would be an DH the committee laid stress on the
The Attorney-General in his apartment] admission of weakness. | fact that the roads will revert to the
{fn 9 Kast Thirty-ninth street talked ae These views have been communicated to | Government after fifty-two years, |
and firmly concerning the New Haven! yr Bryan and may bring about a BHR EE The contract gives the Government |
problein, He made It clear that the poliey | in his plans. Though the Dolphin saileqd | the right to audit the accounts of ex-
of the Administration had been een morning to Join the gunboats Petrel penditures during the construction work
thoroughly to Howard Elliott, chairman] and Nashville in Dominican waters, the }and compelling the company to follow
of the New Haven, and there could re: | two diplomatic officials mentioned as | routes which will best serve to connect
main no doubt in Chairman Elliott's mind | commissioners to “observe” the elections | the lines now in operation, The moat

 

I

 

    

THE SUN TO-DAY

CONSISTS OF SIX SECTIONS,
AS FOLLOWS:

 

Pages
FIRST —GeneralNews. . a 24
SECOND —Sporting. . . 4
THIRD —Country Life, Real Estate,
Poultry, Dogs, Gardens,
Financial ’ ‘ » §
FOURTH —Pictorial Magazine. «16

FIFTH —Special Features, Foreign,

Problems , w+ 8
SIXTH —Art, Society, Music,Drama,
Resorts, Fashions, Books,

Queries, Schoolh =. wsN4

Total . . ° . ° . 70

 

Readers or newsdealers who do not receive
all of these sections will confer a favor
on "The Sun'’ by notifying the Publica-
tion Department at once by the phone
(2200 Beekman) and the missing sections
will be promptly forwarded, if possible.

|
al
|
|
|
|

 

‘ACCUSED OF PLOT 70
| GET CHILDS'S ESTATE

|
Lawyer Clarke Conspired for’
$1,500,000 Fortune, Whit-

man Is Told.

 

 

BEGIN INVESTIGATION

TO

 

i**Persecution,” Declares Clarke
When Told District At- |
torney Is to Act.

 

| Charges that Frederick H. Clarke of |
Monteith Hall, Short Hills, N. J... and
wot hers unnamed” attempted through |

fraud and conspiracy to get possession of |
the $1,500,000 estate of Irving W. Childs |
have been submitted to the District At-
torney and an investigation will be |
to-morrow

The complainant against Mr
| William W.

Clarke a
Niles of the law firm of Niles |
| & Johnson of 11 Wall street. He said at,
his home, Washington Square, last
night that it was true that accusations |
| Against Mr. Clarke would be preased and |
j that he was acting tor himself in pene |
'

Pd
“6

the complaint.

Mr. Clarke said by telephone to a re-
porter for TH SuN that the charges were
Daseless and were to the persistent |
persecution of himself by Mr. Niles. |

“That man has been persecuting me |
for vears,” said Mr. Clarke.

{ “In the lifetime of Irving W. Childs;
went to the District Attorney with
false charges, but these fell to the ground |
‘when Mr. Childs made a statement. to]
ithe District: Attorney that his) relations!
with me had always been satisfactory
‘and always to his advantage. I have
the highest standing as u lawyer and as
& member of the Bar Association and!
Tl! make it hot for anybody who tries,
‘to Inake it appear that I was a trickster.”
Attorney Leslie J. Lockhart
will begin the investigation by examining
jletters now in the possession of Mrs. ;
!Gertrude Westfall Childs, Irving  W.
Childs’s widow. It is charged that some |
for these letters prove conspiracy to}
| frighten Childs and to throw him under |
the of those who wanted to

‘ue

he

t Assistant

influence

 

as to what the Administration wanted | have not yet left Washington. Important of these connections will be! mould his will and get his estate,
Zo eae fed ees lene Fa et < he we
SAYRES REACH ENGLAND | & road joining the east and the weat Crossed Daggers in Letter,
No Time Limit Set. = . | seaboards. ' tt th t
rare : \ - Fag The most interesting of these threaten-
No time limit has been set. The At-| promeymoonera’ Liner Delayed by | Rebellion in Moreton, | PR ; ; a late
torney-General realizes that it has taken St in Mia ing letters is a so-called Black Hand let
i orms in ie ris ‘onary situs | a aan cata ead ance {
twenty years for the New Haven to bring Atlantic, The revolutionary situation in’ the | ter which Clarke was accused of writing

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tue SUX
PLYMOUTH, Dec, 7.—The North German
Lloyd liner George Washington, delayed !

by storms in the mid-Atlantic, reached Recount of mie ;
here to-night at 12:45 o'clock. | Mr. anal Zapatistas. Fight were progressing
Mrs. Francis B. Sayre, who were aboard, to-day at five important strategic points
were met by the American Consul and|in Morelos, and in the State of

left immediately for London, Puebla,

ae The rebels are concentrating around

RICH HARVARD STUDENT WEDS: | Huitzilae, The whereabouts of

i} Zapata are unknown even at the mili-
F, G. Carnochan, Jr., Takes Boaton | sda

of Morelos is becoming extremely
of

) State
grave after

about the muddle, as he terms ft, in which
the new directors find things and
that it will not be possible for the board
or any group of lawyers to work out a
solution in ten minutes.

Mr. McReynolds said
that a reorganization suitable to the Ad-
ministration would be worked out and
that he was ready to extend help in every
because he thought that
seemed to have taken!

now an interval quiet on

 

he was hopeful one

exact

 

 

reasonable way,
President Elliott

tary headquarters at Cuernavaca, the |
that view of the situation and because he | Divorcee for His Bride, State capital, but reports reaching here
y hat the selection of President} ’ re ; Sti { al, ay
ee p J ity lire CAMBRIDGE, Mass,, Dec, 6.—-News of the indicate that the chieftain is) assem-
Hadley of Yale University as @ director! secret marriage last June of Frederick G. |

 

: 68 s old stronghold,
of the road was a hopeful sign. Carnochan, Jr, of New York, sentor in| Dene Bie Sonnee tua oh eee

Mr. McReynolds was emphatic in} the academic de partment of Harvard. to Huautla, in the mountains, from which
saying that a monopoly exists sid: Edna Guy Russell, a divorcee of the Back the Federals for vears have been try- +
_ competition must be restored through-| pay, was spread in college clreles to-day, | ing to dislodge him,

Sout New England. How that can be done,

Me did not explain in detail, as he is wills,

ing to wait and see if the new board of !
the New Haven offers a plan.

He said that his views on dissolution

of big corporations were well known and

The couple have established
in a superbly furnished suite
dike street, Brookline, where
waiting until Frederick G,
of Cairnsmutr Farms,
his blessing.

themselves
on Thorn- |

they are!
Carnochan, Sr.,
New York, ives

paring an extensive campaign agains
Cuernavaca, Americans arriving here
jfrom that place to-day report that more
j than 6, 000 Zapatista®& are in the vicinity

he made ‘it clear that if you take a big Curnochan is 22 and his bride 26, Mrs jof Cuernavaca, While the Federal forces
e 7

corporation, divide jt into five parts and) Gurnochan was divorced from her first | BUMber only a few hundred, with only a

rive to the holders of stock in the big cor- husband in May, 1913, and gained the| little artillery,

 

poration a proportionate amount of stock
in the tive smaller concerns you do not
bring about competition,

Rust Quit Sea by Jaly,

In the course of the conversation he
said that the New Haven must get rid of
its steamship companies by next July. As
to the ownership of the trolley lines the
Attorngy-General would make no comment
exce/ Ao say that If the New Haven did
acquise the various trolley lines at ex-
orbitant prices that fact was vital as
showing the purpose the New Haven
board had in mind in making the pur-

custody of a son, 6 years old,
When the Harvard-Yale boat’ race took VILLA IN CHIHUAHUA TO. DAY.

place last June Mr. Carnochan and Mrs.

Russell were among the spectators, Af- | He Keeps Carransa in Sonora While |

terward they motored to Hartford and | Festivities Laat.

Yee be. 6.—Mr. and Mrs, Dass | By FASC, FRR Hes Semen Pancho

nochan, whose marriage was announced | Villy will: reach CHNUADUS Olly tomorrow
morning, according to plans to-night. He

in Boston to-day, came to Har‘tgord again eset to run into the State capital on

to-day to get a second marriifge license, his apaolal train atid oloiook in tha main.

as she questioned the legality of the first ;

ceremony because her divorce decree was nis

only an interlocutory one and would not

t re 1 Chik hua, 1 r
ecome absolute for six months, that 1s both in Juarez anc vhuahua, All the

bells will be rung and the whistles will

chases years ago. Sua tana ie January, 1914. ee a
The investigations which the Depart-| ‘The vital statistics bureau refused ; ; : ‘ .
ment of Justice have made show that the| nowever, to issue the license until the Venustiano Carranaa, head of the Con-

stitutionalist party, has made no effort to
come to Juarez, but it is announced by |
Gen, Benavido, a representative of Villa,
that Carranza may be here inside of eight
days.

Americans believe that Villa has let
Carranza understand that he had better
stay in Sonora for a while at least, Villa
has always had a preference for glory
that is not reflected and without Car-
ranza here the whole stage is his,

Hf, B, Freeman and several compan-
jons arrived at Ojinaga to-day in ad-
vance of the refugees and Federal sol-

situation in New England is really serious
and that the people of New England are
crying out*for relief.

In the Attorney-General's opinion, how-
ever, a remedy should be worked out that
will conserve the interest of the investors,
It is with that aim In view that Mr.
McReynolds is willing to dispense with legu!
action if the directors show the proper
spirit in working out a method of restor.
ing honest competition in transportation
facilities throughout New England.

Coeperation, rather than litigation,
neema to be the motto of the present Ad-

Continued on Highth Page,

Corporation Counsel has had time to de-
cide whether or not the marriage is legal

any way in Connecticut. The divorce
was granted in Massachusetts.

FRANCOIS DUGUE KILLED.
Dean of French Playwrights Ran

Dewn by Street Car.

Special Cable Despatch to Tur SuN
Panis, Dec, 6.—Francols Dugue, dean of
French playwrights and author of the fa-
mous “Pirates de la Savanne," which
still draws a full house whenever it is pro-
duced, was killed by a street car here to-
day. He was 98 years old.

 

 

 

_Continucd on Tenth Page,

L

renewed activities of the |

: (es
Preparations are under way to celebrate} live

pecan

When young Childs was in poor health
at Wolfboro, N. H., he received a serawl
which was signed with two crossed dag-

gers, Although the wording and spelling
might indleate that it was written by a
very illiterate person, the handwriting
and the exaggerated misspelling and er-
j rors of grammar indicated the contrary,
The letter read

“DEREK SIR: Loam writinge you to told |

lysop J must hav 6000 dolas preety quee: k|
[oe and if you no giv mee t will fix you
ood 1 member dasparet Bang wee all over |

countrey and urope Wee need money preety
queeck now you varey reech man you;
= '

| aannet ascape uss mevar money or liffe

Wee beeg KANE Wee no fool wee meen biss-

nis wee want you have 5000 dolas radey

wee giv won or too hors time so bee all
}time radey and wee maibee rite igen in
iar days Wieck or munt maibee tonite
ee Vary sinart no won kan kateh {ff you
1] perleese wee kiL"

A photograph of this letter is in the
{hi ands of the District Attorney. A hand-|

| writing expert will be asked to examine it {

ta

| Son of Rich Manufacturer.

| Irving W. Childs was one of the sone
jof William Henry Harrison Childs of Brook -
Ivn, who made a fortune in manufacturing |

| w H. Childs died when Irving Childs
| was 1) years old, leaving Irving's share
for the estate in the hands of another}

eon, Eversley Childs, the president of the
American Coal Products Company, who
ut 360 Clinton street, Brooklyn,
Irving W. Childs in March, 1906, married
Gertrude EK. Westfall, the daughter of
A. S. Westfall, presfdent of the Westfall

Fruit Company of 90 Warren atreet, She)
is living now with her parents at 185)
Stratford road, Brooklyn.

When the young man became of age he}
brought an action against his brother to!
secure his part of the estate. More than|
$500,000 was turned over to him. Ho!
played a leading part in the extravagances |
and gayeties of Broadway and was known,
as one of the town's big spendera.

When 26 years old he received the regt|
of the estate, enough to bring bis share!
up to $1,600,000. His wife left him in
1907 and in 1909 he was ordered to pay
her $8,400 a year alimony. He set aside

 

 

Continued om Highth Page.

 

THE WEATHER FORECAST.

Cloudy and warmer to-day; rain to-night of
to-morrow; colder to-morrow.
Detailed weather reports will be fouad on page 23,

ne a ee

10 0 PAGES. PRI

 

 

HIS MANY CRIMES FOR UNIONS

 

GEORGE

   

 

 

a) AMERICAN PRESSE ASS

ee ee nena

DAVIS

By Bridges and Viaducts Here
and in Other States
Blown Up Boldly.

F ISCRUPLED

AT KILLING

Ignoring Danger
to Others.

&200

Carried Explosives in Trains

 

"AID “A

hh a Workers Celebrated Re-
ease From Prison With
New Outrage.

| ACCUSES MANY

JOB"

i
|

 

OTHERS

Tells of Meeting President Ryay
and Leaders High in
Council.

 

Where Davis Operated.
| Harrison, N. J., December 23, 1907,
railroad bridge. |
Scherzer drawbridge, Pelham, N.
Y., February 3, 1908.
Perth Amboy, N. J., March 25, 1908,

  

| railroad bridge.
Self-confessed SAE, who tells the story of his crimes || Bradshaw, Md., March 26, 1908,
petted ay ' railroad bridge.

Chelsea Pier 48, North River,

SECRET INQUEST INTO |.
DEATH OF NEWMANS

New Rochelle Couple Were)

Found Shot in Home on
November 17,

NEW THEORY Is ADVANCED

   
  

Son Returns From His Honey-
moon to Face [n-
vestigation,

»

Coroner Wit 1H. LAvit on of New
Rochelle is investigating th death by
shooting of Mr. and Mis. George New-
man at their home, 22 North avenue,
that town, on November 17. The theory
had been advanced that Newman killed
his wife and then committed suielde.

The Coroner
Thursday,

feore on

held a
but his investigation will net

tL Inquest

completed until after he has examined
William D. Newman, a son of the couple. |

Newmiin bas been away on his honey.
moon in Great Barrington cod only last
night returned with his bride He is em-
ployed by the First National Bank of
New Rochelle

There are oa good many questions
Coroner Livingston has been Wanting to
ask young Newnan

Newman started on his) wedding trip}
three or four days after the death of his |
parents His bride was Miss Esther
Leary Her father, Cornelius J Leary,
has a hotel in Great Barrington, Mass,
and it was to this place that) the puair
Went, Newman said that many stories,
some not to his credit, liad been floating

about New Locohelle

Mrs. Albert Lanecken, who Uves in the
apartment adjoining that of the New-
mans, testifed at othe inquest that she
heard two seream She miide this state

ment after declaring, “l don't want to suy

anything that will hurt Wil Newman.’
Polleeman Chenoweth that

doors had not le When be

swore

the

en Opened ar-

I re 1] Mived. He said he knocked repeatedly ani
. 2 jl time wee write you no more time anc | 4 i
Tt is reported here that Zapata is pre [ay sineck. @ive 40 pub tunex maltioe| then broke the door open, finding New
ti %

man dead on the
man Near his mother,
on the bed,
unconscious

Newman bas been asked about
Volver used in the killing. He said
borrowed it from the bank to wo shooting
on Labor Day and failed it.
President Lester sald last as
far as he knew it was
man's habit to borrow
Volver, nor had he

Noor and young New-
Whom le hial placed
She was still breathing but
the re-
hie |
fe return
night
t the

ik Ss

that
m young
re-

to |

the

been authorized

j take it home with him

Mra, Newman received a her
right breast, another her abdomen, a
third in the side of her neck and the
fourth in the left arm.

“Would these injurles cause
to lose colsclousness?" Coroner
ton was asked

“No, they would noi,”

“Would it have been possible for Mrs. |
Newman to scream and to walk after
ing shot?’

“T think so," he said.

President Lester of the bank said that
young Newinan is due back at work to-
morrow morning.

“We put in a new system of bookkeep-
ing several months ago,” said Preside nt
Lester, “and since Newman has gone we
found feveral matters which we would
Uke to have cleared up. Of course, they
may be based on errors due to the new
system, and he may have a perfect ex-
planation. He is a bookkeeper and doesn’t
handle cash,"

Coroner Livingston says he believes it
his duty to place the evidence he has
obtained before the District Attorney,

‘

bullet tn

in

a person |

Livings-

he said,

be

 

April 5, 1908.
Philadelphia, April 13, 1908, mate-
rial in yards of Pennsylvania Railroad.

GATUN I DAM IS FINISHED.

20,000 Canal Workers to Stop Work

at Gaillard'’s Funeral, : :
iugtiat Path iidimak le Moca Slades Ferry bridge, Fall River,
teh to i ne
PANAMA, Dee. 6.—The last carload of Mass., April 26, 1908.
earth was placed on the Gatun dam this Scherze? drawbridge, over Bronx
morning, making a total of twenty-two River, May 21, 1908.

million cubic yards placed in the
since the work was started in 1906
Twenty thousand canal workers will in- |

dam

Pelham, N. Y., bridge being erected
by Shoemaker Company, May 22

 

1908. |
terrupt their work and stand at attention S N ; |
for five minutes next Monday at the time seer eeli Mass., June 4 1908,
of the funeral of Lieut.-Col Du Bose | bridge.

Gaillard, the chief engineer of this gece Mount Vernon, N. Y.. railroad
tion of the ear Who died in Baltimore ‘ viaduct, September 30, 1911.
a escent

 

eee een
remarkable
that

One of the most

ASQUITH BOOMS FREE TRADE.

Premter

confes

hose evidence:

Sees Henvs Tax Sons ever made is of George

for Coming

Ruordens

Generation, | Davis, the dynamiter on w

 

Special Cal fame teT « j the Federal Grand Jury at Indianapolis
lL. x, D ‘ t mr Asquith made has just found indictments in tifty-five
H speech to-day ato oa n defence... ' s
of free trade on the zg ccation |e in Which offleers and Members of
of foreign manufacture mM essarily | the International Association of Bridge
Patioteed by the taxation of food hand Structural Ironworkers are de-
“But.” sald Mr. Asquith Pweand othe
SATIRE MCRAE: eh os daeditites i Bee fendants, The confession is «4 doeu-
Same pace during the next decade TL see Ment of nearly 60,000 words,
cause for the greatest disquietude. This Davis gives dates and places of dynu-
Sone of the most serio questie acing ;
Aisne : ER eCh PND. SIM Ns facing | mite outrages, He relates in detail how
Mr. Asquith foreshadowed heavy de- he was hired to blow up bridges, via-
mands for national education and for) ducts and other structures erected by
relief of local taxation, in connection with | non-union labor.
Which he hinted that future legislation .
would widen the scope of the income tax. | The confession is a document of ex
The Premier concluded saying that| (raerdinary interest, It shows haw
the best hope for seal progress toward! small the reward was that Davis
reducing armaments iy in coneerted pres- | | "|
sure by all the peoples of the civilized | Celved for the destruction he caused

world on those responsible | In one case he kot $30 for

t dynamite

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

outrage, in another only $10
FINDS $71,000 IN CASH AND GEMS. The confession shows the peril te
which New Yorkers were subjected by
Pennsylvania Station Employee Ree! tne conspirators, Davis carried the
stores Fortune to Woman, dynamite in suit) cases through the
\ womat t eN pens furs icity, travelled in railroad trains and
climbed over the ten foot iron shuts | steamships with it, deposited it here
AME 5 ms PAM and there in saloons over night as if tt
sue Sect " beet e aie J Ae | were the most harmless substance in
Henan ae Mee of t nian the world, Yet he handled quantities
iBT E Nanaia rd sufficient to cause great +s life
The woman was 1 ufow ~ Head) and destruction of Property of aecident
Passenger |? Thomas J. Curtatn, | had caused an ¢ Xplosion
Who had just ked upoa gold ed | And in spite of this disregard of the
bax containing $22,000 thy $100 i public safety his seruples prevented
Jewelry worth about phim from undertaking dynamite ont
“T think To know what you're looking rages if human life was likely t hen
for,” he told the distracted wonuin, wheres
| dangered
she put her arms around his neek | Onigiunisex WEN a
aeHMaaed nti nly brief summaries of thix strange
The woman went with Curtain to the record have heretofore been published.
Station master's office and identitied the) THE Sts is now enabled to print in full
contents of the bag. then hurried back | the most striking portions, They show
to eateh her train, shouting to Curtain, | how Jhevis did his work and his: rela-
“Thank you Ul remenmibye you! {tions with officers of the iron workers’
‘To onever had so rmuch money in my union,
hand in all life.” said Curtain after. | In brief Davis was to the Bast what
Ward, It Was 11 PAURMENES “nd T) Ortie MeManigal was to the We st. He
don't want to repeat: it, was trailed by Robert J. Foster, a
} Louisville detective employed by the
POPE RENOUNCES HIS POWER. | National Erectors Association to find
Concitlation With Quilrinal Likeby| be bin who had been doing the dyna.
ihe Ace j Miting in the East, Davis was finally
= j induced to talk because he thought he
Special Cable Despateh to Tip sis |
Rome, Dec, 6.—Count della Orre, presi- | had been fll treated by the union, He
dent of the most powerful Catholic or-; Made his confession in New York.
gunization, the Popular Union, reiterated | 2yS° y
at the conclusion of the Catholle vongtecy | DAVIS'S CONFESSION TOLD ; ;
fat Milan the proposal of a coneiilation | IN HIS OWN HOMELY WAY
between tho ftullan Government and the; Davis joined the iron workers’ union
Vatican which was made earlier tno the about 1900 at Denver, Col, It) was
week by the Archbishop of Udine while he was employed on the Knicker
Count della Ovre proclaimed the patriot | .
jam and joyalty of all ftallan Catholioa, | Docker Building in Fifth avenue, New
who, he said, recognize the sovereignty of | York, in 1905 that he first met Harry
the State and hope that the Hope's recon. | Jones, now secretary of the Interna
cation with Italy will be brought about! tional Bridge and Structural = Trou
through the constitutional will of the na-) Workers Association, who was running

tion without Hmitation of the State's sov- !
ereignty.
This speech, which

a derrick on the fob, and Frank ©
Webb, a member of the executive board
Was yndoubtediy) of the union, who was also working it
Inspired by the Vatican, confirms the re- | the TRIE. “Ler win AAR Gael renin

a 2" ' » Natio (
pert of the omen wit enuuelation fig he Bea Jat dyvamiting. ei
: j tells the pp thus:

announced in a forthcoming papal / Me
meat. “The first job I did was at Harrisea,
\