“LET REPUBLICANS WALK.”

Republican Voters of One Election District
Urged to Go West.

It would seem that it is a duty of the
Bureau of Elections to make registration
Qs easy as possible for all persons entitled
to vote. Yet in the Fourteenth election
district of the Twenty-seventh Assembly
district the apparent intention has been to

make it as hard as possible for a large num-
ber of the electors. Consequently there

 

gYAN-DONNELLY OUTFIT TURNED
DOWN AT HARRISBURG,

 

of State Committee From Phila-
deiphia Withdrawal of Palm, Candi-
date for Treasurer—Sentiment§ in
Favor of Fusion With independents.

Hanaispcno, Pa, Oct 11.—The purging
of the Democratic party in this State con-
tnues with unabated vigor, Ex-Gov
Robert E. Pattison, Congressman J. K. P.
Hall, ex-Judge D. L. Krebs of Clearfield,
Col Frank Fitesimmons of Scranton, W. J
Rrennan of Pittaburg, ex-Congressman Wil- |
jam McAleer of Philadelphia, Robert E
Wright of Allentown, and other promi-
peat leaders of the party gathered around |
State Chairman Creasy and upheld his |

living on East Thirty-sixth, Thirty-seventh,
Thirty-eighth, Thirty-ninth and Fortieth
streets, between Madison and Lexington
avenues
been unable to register, as no place has been
provided in their district, Some even
have thought that the place of registration
was being concealed.

As a matter of fact a place of registration
is provided at 640 Sixth avenue, between

bands while he struck from the rolle the | Wee Thirty-seventh and Weat Thirty
pames of the Ryan-Donnelly members of | eighth streets This location is at the ex-
treme weet end of the election district,

the State Committee from Philadelphia
This action was followed by the formal
withdrawal of A. J. Palm of Crawford
county, as the candidate for State Treasurer
and the substitution of the name of E. A.
Coray, the Union Party's candidate

These changes were not accomplished

and a voter living on Lexington avenue
between Thirty-aixth and Fortieth streets,
in order to register, must walk half a mile

The reason for this may be that most
of the voters living on the east side of this
district are Republicans, the ‘Tammany
people having had the choice of the location
of election booths in al! districts with even

without considerable speech-making OM | punters

the part of harmony members of the State One of the men a Stn reporter found

Committee. Neither Ryan nor Donnelly, | at the registration room on Rixth avenue
said that the baat Side Republicans “hiked

who have #o long run the affairs of the

party in Philadelphia, was present. There Ho coukin't give any

to walk,” he guessed!
n booth being

good reason for the registratl

was a fair turnout of the members of the | at the extreme end of the distriet instead

State Committee, but quite a number of | of i; some central location except that

the counties were not represented, in- | the eet Ride voters had not fought hard
ame ‘amer enough for a booth er their way

cluding As ' Bradford, . — The Fourteenth election distmet is two

Clarion, Fulton, Jefferson, Lebanon, Ly- | ¢, er election districts cormbined, and this

coming, Pike, Potter, Somerset, Susque- | jx the first time one registration booth has

had to auffice for the large territory com
prised in the diatret
the territory from Thirty
For tieth street bet
ington avenues formed a district by itmelf,
and a booth was placed at some convenient
place in this district for the aces mmoda-

hanna, Tioga and Washington. Mr. Palm,
the resigned candidate, was present and
heard quite a number of complimentary

hes about his patriotic action for the
good of the party. When it came to for-
mally substituting Coray for Palm fifty-nine

sixth atreet to

votes were coast for Coray and two for | tica of the voters This year the booth
. and was first set up on Fast Fortieth atreet,
Palm— Wyoming ite near Lexington avenue, a week ago But

There isa very general sentiment among
members of the committee in favor of fusion
with the Independent Republicans, which
was sealed by the action of the State Com-
mittee this afternoon

There was as tnuch interest in the firing
of the recalcitrant Ryan-Donnelly people
in Philadelphia from the present organi-
zation as in the elimination of Palm ere
vere broad smiles upon many facea when
the Ryan-Donnelly outfit was placed on
the sliding board Suey had been threat-
ened with ex so often that there were
still doubta In the minds of the members
of the committee whether they really would
be read out of the party

Those who were drop were William
C Bennett, Patrick »nahue, Thomas
J Ryan, Thomas E. Fitzpatrick, Edwin
© Bemmis and John A. Thornton. Those
who take thelr guages are ex-Gov. Robert
FE. Pattison, ex-Judge James Gey Sorden.
William McAleer, Thomas lahunty,
Charles Edward Ingersoll and Albert H

apparently the Tammanvites, who had the
matter in charge, thought that they would
ive the Republicans a good walk, for the
jooth was carted away again two or three
days before registration day and set up
in Sixth avenue

MACHINE SINGS

Little Joke on Tammany's Model Parent,
With Maybe a Real Sting In It

In the bailiwick of Maurice F. Holahan,
Tammany's mode! parent, is the saloon of
Mark Aaron, lovingly known a« Aaron-go
Bragh by his Irish constituents. The
saloon is in Third avenue near Fifty-second
street and ins‘de is one of the biggest phono-
graphs ever made It ia hitched fo a mega-
phone with a mouth a vard wide and the
fiscourees can be heard a block

strains it Cin
away. There have been not a few instances
taking

lof strangers in the neghborhood
forthatof ar approact .

OF HOLAHAN.

 

   

 

Ladner. Theee men were immediately | the machine « musi
recognized and they or their substitutes | ing brass band  Polieemen from the West
took part in the proceedings of the com- | Fifty-first: «treet station are daily seen
mittee this afternoon. There is a whole | marching to their posts beating time with

sticks to its delectable melodies

lot of confidence among Democratic leaders
the father of the wayward son

and they don't hesitate to predict quietly

their night

Recently

 

 

the election of ex-Gov. Pattison for a third | had to make a fight to hold his place as
term in the Gubernatorial chair next year. | Jeader of the district In that fight Mr
They hint that Justice Potter is not ac- | Aaron was not prominent. Ft is not well
ceptable to a large number of Republicans | for one who keeps a place of liquid en-
and that both he and Harris, the candidate | tertainment near a pohee station to come
of the Republicans for State Treasurer, | out in active appetites to the Tammany
will be defeated | leader But by day and night the neighbor-
The proposed amendments for voting | hood rang, as it is still ringing, with
machines and personal registration were | Whar would | do to Houlian’ Houlihan,
strongly indorsed Houlihat
—_—_—— What would [ do?

What would I do’
I'd murder him just for fun!

After that usually is heard
Where is my wandering boy to-night?

And the faithful Tammany heelers of
the neighborhood who voted to keep Mr
Holahan as their leader because he waa
the Wantage choice for the place, go about
with appreciative smiles

SCARE COLONIZERS AWAY.

Met ullagh'« Deputies Take a Hand tn the
Fight in the Ninth.

Important features of the campaign centre
in the local fight in the Ninth Assembiy
diwtrict. The district is the home of John
( Sheehan, the leader of the New York
Democracy, and of Senator Frederick S
The Tammany Hall leader is Frank

  

Register and Prove Croker Wrong.
At the Tippera and Tappers’ Club, from

tobi

. Goodwin, the Tammany nominee for

Negister. The Citizens’ Union, the Re- which you are governed now, Squire Croker
} ublicans and the Greater New York Democ- | #8 fat you will forget to register Will
rey have united on local nominees in | you prove that he ta right? All the places
the person of dames A. Allen for the Assem- | of regiatration are open to-day from 7 A M
biv and Frank T. Dowling, the present unnl OP M

Alderman, to sucéeed himeecif 7 =

TIWS FRIEND ARRESTED.

lammany Hall is worried over the fight

in this district and rumors of colonization . -

are frequent and definite Andeipating | The Piret Case of Alleged egal Regtstra-

that, Supt MeCullagh had one of his tion In Eseex Market Court

deputies in every election district yes: | Samuel Ao Sterns, who sald that Tim

terday and challenged 300 voters. The |. * ae . ce ad -

deputies will be in attendance every day | Sullivan was huis friend.was the first prisoner
f registration and they have lista of the | to be arraigned in the Essex Market court

places where it is known that colonization | vesterday for illegal registration Nathan

* contemplated Cohen, a MeCullagh deputy. made the
The presence of the McCullagh deputies [ arrest. He accused the prisoner of register-

ourth

 

w polling place of the
of the Fourth Assembly

ented many fraudulent registrations | ing falsely tr

err
tion district

 

 

of Ulegal voters e len
o— district, at 16 Pike street, where he gave
his address as @! East Broadway Coben,

FUSIONISTS GLAD IN” KINGS,

who eaid that he had been following Sterna
and had him try to register in the
First, Second and Third election districts
of the Bighteenth Assembly distmet, chal-
lenged him, and when he refused to take
| the oath, arrested him
| Sterne pleaded net
his pedigree, however,
lived at Mille Hotel

and Chrvatie streets

seen

Yesterday's Registration Thought te Be
Overwhelmingly for Low.

The Republican chieftains in Brooklyn
were mainly occupied vesterday in looking
ator the registrations, and from the reports
last night by Chairman Jacob |
Brenner of the Campaign Committee it was

guilty In
he maid that he
No 2, at Rivington
He was held in $1,000

received

 

believed that vesterday'’s registered vote | bail for examination on Monday

was overwhelmingly against Tammany -_-——

and its Willoughby street annex As the | STUDENTS WANT TO HELP LOW.
registration continues the poll lists copies

Talking of a Paratic Many Votes tn Co

 

 

ef whieh will be secured in each precinef, ;
ei) be carefully scrutinized, so as to check- lumbia, and He'll Get Nearly All.
mate al! attempts at fraudulent enrollment The students of Columbia University
Term! ‘ | m1 oe - 1
Ls a 7 Lt ta a soa are making preparations to do all in their
r oe ane 1° on nion @ 1onere , |
remarcds of $50 for information which might | Power to help their ex President, Mr Low,
ead the unearthing of registration | in. his annipmaig Members of the law
fraud. wrens have for <t themeelves into @
the next big rally will be at the Clermont | committer f arrangements and have
A Kink on Monday night, under the | made a ca ums of the university. It
Cirection of the Republican Campaign « 6liowWs that at least oO per cent of the @tu-
Former Mayor Charles 4 dents are entitied to vote, and of this num-
il preside and the speakers ber nearly @) Der cent are anxious to cast
‘ Low, Grout and Fornes, as | their ballots for Mr Low
well as Job Hedges |} It has been deeded to hold @ mass meet-
ling of the undergraduates to consider
on . " vr having a parade of the Republican mem-
E PULL THAT SUITS JERO WE | ere of t © university in favor of Mr. Low
Is beanatn ' | The Columbia Drum and Fife Corps has
Friends Fxerctsed It at Sherry's, TUBS | ni weriviees to Mr. Low and hae
sing at a Turkes Bone. asked that ie allowed to accome-

believing | pany him in hus

A correspondent of Tne Sux campaign
that no light should be hid, sends thie ac- |
nt of an illuminating testimonial to one | Progressive Democracy of Troy.
fusion candidate ALBANY, Chet it The Progressive
Quite an original idea was introdneed | Democracy Irov, whieh has for ite leader
&@! the dinner given to Judge Willam Travers | Mayor Daniel A Conway of that city, toe
i} \ ‘ ~“ t ¢ ’
: Tome at Sherrv's on Thursday night day A, ed with t ™ ve nt & on *
hie f f . “ certifoote ' thating “ 1
/* tends of the Heights Club S Cochrane of Hudson for Rename Court
dust before the Judge departed to speak } oh Third @ — oe
: athe ’ iw distr r nm
: f. aa = tae atxdience, there was placed | a ‘ ‘ts es " bes tino Thetninee
elore ' . a aie ’ ‘ ud e tated : “ee .
a shiek! shaped bon-bon tex: | nig petition, filet to-day, contained 2,200
dieplaving ¢ national eolers, and filled ae + ; [ain cake wemaiene
With thw rent wipes ' im brtocs . . ~ ee y . “4 ”
tha . a e ture ™ DONneS Mayor Conway is the leader of the Den:
i Pelion
1 heme Judge Jerome passed around to : rate reanied mi Vr " wi .
the fi ie . a ad n a i ity rem A ‘
, au pore wd they i | Murphy, 2 and bw » candidate for re
them and wiathed the J ae ‘ i“ Mas ty fai t froth the
a ‘ ‘ ’ - a ok ove : ‘ . » on » ”
1 ; “* tie ass fy - gikted | Repu an and) Progressive Democracy
a * fries were elate At having sti , Coco
‘
Senetertal Nemivation at Rechester
Norrvrmrs trick FAILS Rocursten, Get if At the Demoenatic
| Ser ‘ al Conver mt rning Pletcher
Tammany Leader Can't Math Pusten tn the | Oifendorf, of Perinton, was nominated
Thirty feet Piet riet j* ppenent to Merten Fo Lewis, the Be
a” ue) len & Hoprer. the Taremany |} ’ ut arrtiinie i? eons ‘ ' fe te
wr ithe T *y fret As tile Ghet ric’ ' 5 ‘one . = . a f . he
‘ ‘ nue | ’ ‘ ‘ ”
. went c r e f hie men |! i iar
i ‘ f the Qn ' \ re : | i
tone ‘ . ' oe meermed | Recerd Chattengrs Hudeprith te Dehate
* ine way ' sory betes OG ge li. Rew the Teg a: ar
4 ar . f e
* Teen . mre | tichate + Slate ’ Vi sachin counts
ay how @ . - i , * Pic deer Hurtapedd ’
. . t ‘ bialle
water New J & leer a a j; os ® ; ’ ve A a ‘«e
Vin M ‘ ae ‘ ~ | 2 , Ss onan anere
' it twee © i bh po
’ ww ee 7 7 oo 7 ™ | thew te Fell the Cenetne
apes . .
¢ . ‘ ‘ . ‘—- eve
Anmen! men o te 4 ter ene ‘ om the a Se eS ow an 2 overy
“rue tome eres & cote © ome Ger sue

have been many complaints from voters |

ne

   
 

-

SCRAP AT THE SQUIRE'S LEVER

od

MAURICE UNTERMYER PUNCHED
ANDY FREEDMAN.

 

 

“Let 'Em Fight Said Croker, and They
Md—The (iub's Reputation Won't
Be Hart—Andy Had Said Maurice
Wasn't Fit Even to Be Dog Catcher.

Andy Freedman, the man Friday of the
Squire of Wantage, has conceived a dislike
for Maurice Untermyer, one of the Squire's
legal advisers, and the other day remarked

Many voters say that they bave | in the presence of a newspaper reporter

| that Untermyer hadn't en« ugh executive

ability to fill satiafactory the office of dog-
catcher, He added that if two, yellow
dogs were fighting in the street and Unter-
myer was sent out to get them, he couldn't
land them both to save his life. Mr. Unter-
myer was not around at the time this was
said. He doesn't like Freedman any better
than Freedman likes him, but he keeps
quiet about it

There was a sequel to the incident on
Thuraday morning at the Democratic Club
when the reporter's newspaper had printed
Freedman's remarks. The aeccounta of
what occurred differ in «mall things, but they
are in the main the same. Mr. Untermyer
on reading what Freedman had said about
him, hastened to the club from his quarters
in the Hotel Savoy. It is said that he
found Freedman as usual close to the elbow
of the Squire Tim Sullivan, Martin Engel

| and a few others were also around accord-

{ ptoa vear ago |

veen Madison and Lax- |

| he

| row: in fact, he seemed to enjoy

| ooversd

giving | fund, say that $10,000 of their

 

ing to report, Despite this gathering of
heavyweights, Untermyer strode in with
a copy of the interview in his hand Shoving
it under the nose of Freximan, he asked
“Are you responsible for this thing? Did
you say of me what this paper says you
did?” ;
Freedman roee to his feet, turned white
when he saw how angry Untermyer was,
then, throwlng out his chest, replied
“Ves, Tsaidit. What of it
Mr. Untermyer was too angry to make
any clear reply, but reached over the
table at which Freedman had been sitting
and picking up a bottle, made an effort to
erack Freeiman’s skull with it, Freed
man, according to the story told vesterday,
put up his arm just in time to save himself,
and the bottle went flying across the rood
Mr. Untermyer is the smaller man, tut
went for Freedman like a whirlwind
when he saw that his blow had mince!
and Freedman ran across the room, calling
for somebody to hold the irate lawyer
Mr. Croker made no move to stop the
it and of
course no one presumed to make a move
eo long as the Squire seemed satiefled
Finally, according to some of the stories,
Untermyer got) Freedrnan in a corner
and Freedman had to fight back to save
himeelf from annihilation There was
some punching and considerable hard
language for a time, but when the men
finally fell apart neither bore a seratech
The Squire, appealed to to stop the fight,
is said to have replied
“No, let them fight it out
When the combat had been reduced to
exchanges of hard looks Tim Sullivan took
Freedman by the arm and escorted him to
his room, while Martin Engel welked Unter
myer out of the club and up Fifth avenue
to the Savoy

 

 

Tammany men were talking about the
row all over town vesterday, but they
differed as to who won out As far as could

even break, #o far as
The attitude
trie etnded

be learned, it was ar
the outcome is concerned
of the Squire was generally ox

c Uv.

The Campaign (Can't Be Carried te a Sno
cessful Issue Without Cost

The Finance Committee of the Citizens’
Union issued the following appeal yvester-
day to citizens for funds with which to
carry on the campaign against Squire
Croker’s English-made ticket

*Remomber it is not enough to
Low, Grout and Fornes The county and
borough tickets must be carried alse
Imagine Seth Low at the head of the govern
ment and a Tammany man chosen to pro
teet view in the office of District Attorney
Fvery criminal who is to-day enjoving
police protection will oppose the election
of Jerome

*The Union

ASKS FOR FUNDS.

elect

receives no subsidies from

 

  

corporations [It depends wholly on civie
patriotisna It can bring out a vote no
other organization can influence and the
size of this vote will determine the eleetion
Its immediate newxis are most urgent and
ite great body of voluntary. workers are

 

entitied to financial suppert *

MANY RPRFADY TO RET ON Low.
640,000 of Tammany’s Fund Quickly
Covered at Byven Money.

JJ Judge of the Wall street firm of Cooke
& Judge, reported vesterday that of $50 000
of Tammany betting monev placed with
his firm to be wagered at even terma on
Shepard, Mr Low's sumporters had already
toon ¢ & Judge yvester
day took these bets at even money $1,500
bet by T MeCarthy: $1,000 by Kunnell A
Buchanan; $00 by [ A Mathey. and $00
by A Jd leich Kerr & Co who have
been handling part of Tammanvy's betting
money has

ooke

already been covered

Fusion Complete tn the Twenty-third.

The German American League of the
Twenty-third Assembly district has in-
dorsed the candidacy of Josiah T New-

comb for the Assembly, and of John L
Florence for member of the Board of Alder-
men from the Twenty-fourth distret, and
John ©. Klott for member from the Twenty
fifth district. This completes the fusion
on these anti-Tarnmany candidates in the
Twenty-third Assembly district

ad

We fit boys in general and
boys in particular

We fit their fan ‘vy as well as
their form.

We begin with pajamas and end

with ‘Tuxedos’ all the between

things, little and big things.

Men's 1901's Fall suits are
here in every varicty of cloth
and finish, cut on parallel lines
with garments made by the beat
S70 a suit tailors :

Un lerwear that fits: fit to wear
under anything.

Koorrs eer & Cowrayr.

   

7 Pree@ear cor Warnes
ae We OL orders
ma ey wen

oe Bea

er anne werrayrep

F THE SUN, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 12; 1901."

|
|

LS eS

|} and resolved te

een ————— ee

‘eo

 
  
 

“ "
- - Py :

et os

a

TAMMANY CALLS FOR Fi'NDs..

The Wigwam Collector Is Now Out Among
the City’s Emptoyees.

The Tammany collector is making hid
rounds among the employees in the city
departments. Many of the employees
are complaining over the demands which
are made on them this year They say
that whereas in the past they have paid
10 per cent. of their salaries as a campaign
contribution to Tammany Hall, this year
in many cases they are being asked to con-
tribute twice as much

The fund derived from a 10 per cent
assesstnent of the Tammany officeholders
amounts to $1,400,000. The employees |
say that they cannot see how a larger sum |
can be expended in this election, even
though Squire Croker adopts all of the
kite-flying, banner-atretching ideas that
are suggested to him, as he fat in 1900 |

It was estimated yesterday that the
candidates on the borough and county
tickets contribute $2080 t) the Tam-
many campaign fund. It was sald that
the assesament on judicial officers had been
increased from the regular $10,000 to $26,000

It was declared that many of the office |
holders would ‘refuse to pay their asseas- |

{

 

ments this year, believing thet whether the

Tammany ticket is successful or not, the

long-rumored overthrow or withdrawal

from politics of Squire Croker is likely to

oceur, and these men are willin » take |
the chance of angering him ‘\alievina

that they will be able to square it with the

future manager of Tammany

UNGER TIPPED DEVERY?

Why “ir. Philbin Has a Poor Opinion eof
the Tammany) Candidate

District Attorney Philbin had this to

say vesterday of Henry W. Unger's nomi-

nation for District Attorney by Tammany

“L should regard Col. Gardiner's nomina-
Mr

tion as preferable to that of Unger
I think it would be likely to do less harm
to the cause of decency. *

Mr Unger was in charge of the Indict-
rent Hureau when Mr Philbin was ap
pointed by Gov Roosevelt in place of Col
Ciardiner, He was one of the first) men
asked to resign by Mr Pluibin, When
Devery was indicted last year the day be
fore election Tim Sullivan was notified
of the indietment before it was filed in
court it was told to Mr Philbin that
Unger was Sullivan's informant

WILL SUPPORT FUSION. |

 

German Republican County

Is to ight for Low

The German Republican County Com |

mittee met last evening at Terrace Garden |;
support the ticket
headed by Seth Low in the municipal cam

Committee |

entire

paign The members of the committee in
their resolutions said that ‘hey
their satiafaction over the fact “that the

President of the greatest and most progres
untversity of this country had been
selected as (he banner bearer in this struggle |
for the permanent establishment of moral |
ideas, of progressive thought and of every |
day honesty in the administration of this

eve

|
eu premeed |
|
|
|

sive

 

LOW WILL SPEAK TO-NIGHT.

He and Other Fusion Candidates to Ad-
dress German: American Uoten Meeting
Seth Low and all of the candidates for

office on the city ticket will address a mass

meeting under the auspices of the German-

Amernecan Union, which includes all of the

organizations of German-Amercans in
New York city, this evening at Maennerchor

Hall, 206 Faet Fifty-sixth «treet Herwides
the candidates on the city theket ex-Senator
dacob A Cantor, candidate for President

of the borough of Manhattan, Dr. Guatay
Secholer, candidate for Coroner; Albert
laiser, George Von Skal and Carl Hauser
will speak

ONE WHOWOULDVOTE TAMMANY.
While One Indictment Was Held Of Kitt

Committed Another Crime.

S.lomen Kitt, 6% vears old, was con-
vieted) vesterday in General Sessions of
manslaughter tin the second degree the |
crime having been committed on Dec 23,
1807 «Kitt: was then a clerk in a lower
East Side drug store and put the wrong
label on a box of mecicine, e) that a child |

died of morphine poisoning * hen ite parents
supposed they were administering calomel
te it
Through some mysterious Influence the
indictment against Ritt ‘was kicked ar
ol Gardi office,” as Assistant District
Attorney Train expressed if, until the |
present wiministration came tr
While Kitt was out on bail he was aent
fo prison for three wears and six months |
for attempted rape. At the terminatior |
|
|

vod

 

 

ers

“

of hie imprisonment he was brought here
by Detective Sergeant Cuff, and his trial
on the manslaughter charge followed
oD raed, Cowing put off sentence until next
week

DIRECTORS MUST MAKE Goon

|
Mones Stoien From Middlesex County Bank |
“by Cashier Vatentine
Viee-Chancelior Pitney has filed a dee
favor of Edward 8 Campheli
of Newark, to from the
aire f the wrecke!] Middlesex County |
Bank of Perth Amboy the greater part of
the losses sustained through the defaleation
of W Valentine The |
losses amounted more than §300.0n0
The View-Chancelior holds that the cashier's
peculations were made possible by
negligence of the directors
he defendant directors were President |
Uriah B |

elsion in

receiver, recover

tors

Casiver Crore

the

Kearny, Edwin
Robert N
J yh
vear

Waston, James 1,
K Pierce, Patnek Convery
Valentine, dames To Watson and Dr
G. Wilson The case was begun a

age
MRS. CARROLL WILL RECOVER.

Sticks to Story That She Docen't Know

How Nelson Get Inte Her Bedroom
Mrs Luev Carroll, who was shot twice
on Wednesday night by Capt John Nelson

before he shot and killed himeelf at her

father’s home, 76 South Fliett place, Brook
Ivn will recover The doctora at the
Brook!yn Hospital said that she would
probably be able to be about tn a couple

of Weeks
The woman porsieta in the assertion
that she did not know how Nelson got
into the house and was not aware of his |
presence until he shot her Some of the |
detectives have a theory that there may
have been a third actor in the tragedy
but all the facts point conclusively to jeal- |
ousy as Nelson s motive
Barclay W. Kountre’s Wi |
By the will of Barclay W Kountze, filed
for probate veeterday, his interest in the |
banking firt f Kountee Bro s lbw.
queathed to his brother Willaam Delancey
'
mine The will was executed of |
27, 1 The testat diei at M
town, No J, on Aug 20 last 7 he
of the personality is woe MY : |
the teal y t* Mer givet
Princess d Arvell a Vietter Bere
The Princess Masein d'Ar «'
mother, Mice Elizabeth Hickeon bir
t hole « marred P + Brancace rrive
veeterday from Hamturg aboard the H
lure Amerran bret (otmina She was
hern tn ftaly and newer before has beet
ber geother'« native lar She speaks bng

leh Tue nt!s She will what peeale vee bere
,

Mall ding tucd
wre

Ceneert fer Rebins Neet
A concert e@fll be given at
{Mrs Poow set at Ardsley
thie aflerm at i the teat’
of TRetan'’s New ‘ Terrvtiowr the free |
hare for canveleecent children from the
Hewpatel for Ruptered and Criggéed Chal |
dren et Forty eeoond @ ret and Leaengton |
errno j

the re “-
om Marten

i”

a -

 

S tN ‘= ’
\ Sos “—

 
 

wile ger

  

LOW'S AID 70 POOR STUDENTS | mea

WHAT HE HAS DONE IN THE

ING POWDER

Makes delicious hot biscuit,
griddle cakes, rolls and muffins.

 

 

Creker’s Charge as te the Fusion Candi-
date’s Attitude Toward Pupils of the
City’s Public Schools Refuted by Facts
and = Figures.-Gifts toe Columbia.

When, on Thursday evening Seth Low,
the Fusion candidate for Mayor, exposed
the first important lie that Squire Croker
of Moat House, Wantage, Berks, England, ‘
had set in ciroulation about him he gave
the figures of the amount of personal prop-
erty on which he was paying taxes from
mernory, and placed therm at $167,500, in-
stead of $167,800, where they should have
been. Yesterday Mr. Low gave a little
detail, reluctantly, of the scholarships
which through his efforts have been es-
tablished at Columbia University for four
students, who, in Squire Croker's lie, it
was said were «xcluded from the university
Here are some facts from Mr. Low for the
Squire to chew on

“The scholarships available at Columbié
University for the graduates of the pub +
wioceh | referred in my state
competit scholarships oper

. heel in Ereokiya,

An absolutely pure, cream of tartar powder.

The ‘Royal Baker and Pastry
Cook ''—over 800 most prac-
tical cooking receipts—freeto
every patron. Send address.

Avoid baking powders made
from alum, Sie is A corro-
sive acid, which taken in
food means injury to health,

achools t
ment ar:
to the gracuotes of ar

  
 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 
    

 

 

 

 

  

 

  

 

   

    

 

   

 

whether puble of privat An a matter
of fact, almost all of theae neler
have been taken by graduates of the public
schools and this yvear graduates of the RMOVAL BAKING POWDFR CO. 100 WILLIAM ST, NOW vorwe
POE meet Fee Ce Cte lM MMMM AAA AA ALAA ALAA ALL LLL LLL LLL LL LLL LALLA LLL
presented the library te Columbia in 1805 : {
At that time the two cities had not been SHEPARIPS HEAbD@I ARTERS. | WILLOLCGHRY STRERT SCARED.
conmecliidated As | wae giving the build- —
ing to New York, I gas scholarships | They Are at the Hoffman House, and WHHL Democratic Text Hook Suppressed at the
‘ J »
to. eon n ; , He Opened Up To-day First Grow! of the Tiger
tle am makin this statement, > . . .
Want to supplement * with anathes i _ Squire Croker's candidate for Mayor, The Willoughby «treet managera in
omitted last night to say that there were | Edward M Shepard of Brooklyn will open Brooklyn, who has ever failed to pride
in addition to those Brooklyn seholar- | campaign headquarters this morning in themselves on their political adroitneas,
9 = scholarships for graduate | rooma St afd &2 on the second floor of the practically admitted vesterday that they
work, eight fe ern and fo 0 ‘ ’ ’
érented Ts - canitd _ a 4 ” fc Hoffman House. The rooms are very near | had made an egreious blunder in the
“ sition o vemes
are open to the graduates of any college | those that were wccupied last vear by issue of their famous “text book” to their
or eentifie school ia the world | Gumeahoe Bill Stone in his famous pluto. | army of spellbinders i few evenings ago,
“In +} ames in Brookivn last night [| erat hunt An emphatic order was not v sent out
ee ws That periape would + a | It was said last evening that Mr Shep- by the Democratic vppalgen committee
1m way “o ae The Deceeaairy money or; ¢ ale ‘ > sal res > e ' — ' ' .
school buildings by cutting down unneces ard was not likely t » go to the Squire’a for the suppress f the iblieation, but
sary salaries rather than by changing | town house at 617 Fifth avenue very fre- | messengers were | in all diree-
the const tution of the State to make it | quently, but that he would communicate tions tu reooy fy thle every copy
—— to borrow more forthis purpose. with the Squire through mutual friends, delivered The inosine vy of the Wil
ae ps ng ths — as ! — in mind | like the Hon James Shevlin of Brooklyn loughby street machine in its anti-Tame
he figures presented early in the evening ad " . " : . 7 sae
by Mr. Grout. in which he showed that | MT Shevlin in his dealings with Croker | many aral anti-Devery declarations, as wot
during ¢ firat three veare of Mavor Van | ba* acquired a reputation among the mem- forth tn the text book, was significantly
Wryek's administration, by increases of | bers of the Squire's immediate household flustrated bw its ranmid and cowardly re-
salary and by creation of new places, the | which would be highly gratifying toany one — treat at the very firet growls from the Tiger.
eity pay roll bad been swollen by §3.600,000 | of them if he thought that he merited it In enite of the fact 1t the hook was
for salaries entirely under the city’s con. | What this reputation is may be judged ' —r ; ; Hn . :
tr apart from the legislation affecting | from this statement which was made yee prepared with the utmost deliberation as
the poles, the firemen and the school | terday by a man who is a friend to the setting forth the position of the Brooklyn
teachers Squire Democracy on the issues involved in the
“1 want it understood that I have not “Jim Shevlin has sold gold bricks to the campaign, not a single manager was willing
the least idea of attempting to interfere | Old Man every time they've met He's te wtand toy it yesterday
with any of these three classes of salary | @ wonder He has conned the Squire James Shevlin, Hugh McLaughlin's chief
that are fixed by law. On the contrary, 1 | along and plaved horse with him, and the of wtafl, thus apologized | i aanmany
want the police and the firemen and the | Squire doesn't know it to-day. He think® and Devery for the manne vhieh they
teachers of public schools to understand | that he has tnade a monkey of Shevlin were handled thre reseed publiea-
that | heartily approve of the salaries now | As @ matter of fact, in all the dealings that) ¢ign <P thin. there must have been some
paid to them, for 1 know how well these | they have had Shevlin has pulled the Wool pemissness ot part of the committee
salaries are earned when the duty is faith over his eves and had him do exactly what which bad the u er i ge Mr.
fully done It is no small tribute to the | that Brooklyn sulfit’ wanted Shevlin declined ' Av whether there was
wiblic echools of Brooktwn that thev have “I don't think that the Old Man knows any remisst ' peat f the come
ie able ta take by competition a large | it yet I think that he beliewes that he mittee in approving of t statement in
majority of the Brooklyn scholarships at controls Brookivn just as he believes that i.) ook Mr “ the Brooklyn
Columbla University The public schools he controls every election district in Man Democrat triumphed a he attempt to
of Manhattan and theBronx make an equally | hattan and The Bronx He'll wake up py ceryine’ Brook! ‘ Nor would
creditable showing this year some day and find out that Mr Shevlin he discuss @ or exire 1 e book
pte ae carried too many guns for him Why’ which rune as f °
. . Up at the club it's got to be the regular sel ia ~ ,
FINNS ARF ALL FOR LOW, thine now with the fellows to ask after alt. very wher: tr nied th a ‘shonin
- Shevlin g: away, ‘What brick has the : . i ' ' apis la
Deputation Calls to Tell Him Se He Speke | bons bowlit now?" ox hy ue Brooklyn at lewst ' is whieh
for Piniand at The Mague. eee aati esi o s Bove ts the league
The Finnish American Municipal League, | HOW CROKER RUNS THE TOWN, \. wer oe : = Mg © —
represented by its President, H Montague s : - ene tend te t Demonte i some
Donner, and Vietor Heine, its Vice Presi Cy Club Gets Out a Pamphiet Reviewing which literal aver ane ane
dent, waited on Seth Low, Edward M the Tammany Administration oF Taian ehion . . over
Grout and Charles Vo Fornes, the fusion The City Club contributed to the litera- | fort eat the ' Sew York
candidates for ofee on the city ticket, | ture of the campaign yesterday a booklet Mr Shepard persisted vesterday in hie
vesterday, at their headquarters, 41 East | entitled: “Ten Months of Tammany,” in | refusal to cliscume Pevery pope —F -4
Twenty-third street, and informed them | Which dates, facts and figures are given to i oud came an TF clnteal he re
that they would have the support of the show the corruption and extravagance of marked 1 wust acllere determina -
rganivat) this carpi Mr Pon. | the city government as cor ducted bw cable tion not t ca - j tieal matters in
ial sid that herto the Pinlander in | bY Squire Croker of Moat House, Wantage, | interviews He «a fer lined com-
Berks, England The way in whieh pre ment on the fae wit? Brookivn Demoe
ori ke tthe art if the ’
Ammeriou laut ta part in political | ied scoundrels ruin young girls, the | cratic Club, whicl if futherto fairly
affnirs, all chertsting the per tht the day | activities of tipsters, the rutalities | worshipped aft tos politioal sierine, had
wotnk)d me when they « kd return to | and vulgarities of Devery, and many only indorsed “ ‘ lacy by a vote of
their native wrtry 1 pe, he said, | other things are told of in the book | to 2 ha after the moat
ev realized as cles i remain un- | Comptroller Coler’s statements, niade be | frantic appeals liv lis
@naban are ae 4 the to | fore he wore the Squire's collar, showing Mr Shewli une o« vesterday with
aifilledt, ana u te hfe Tne FO) the cost of the administration of the city | this statement, and as be is supposed to
| take up ther fu tes as Armenecan eiti- government in 1890, are quoted, and then | be closed in the cor Mi Shepard
| yens Then he sa this table is presented for the consideration jin this caropaign ‘ er person,
| “The immechat+ was found in ] of votem his Views may reascnal ix axeured to
» departmental est tes f az, fled | echo those of the candidate
the pportu ul * grand anove The departmer " r tens
with the Board of Past tle ar Appeortion i« t seer w vl is wh
omen? ste ‘ o ( yous Union to aan ndieate thatthe budget for mez will | pe wil a . : fore aap see
rid this splendid ety fthe foul and iniq | pee babiv not be less thar Stier “ae It « .
yoiwets for the vears since the reation oF . tf me and
uitous gang that leant " reputa | Greater New York have been as follows . ne Lew h better
the { New York | at he werld | budge lacrease inal ' ted
and makes the tate larmany an evile | reas $77,479,085 . —
sing ’ ) wte ? mounts to | tse ae Sat 281 aay ¢
- en . , ‘a s ¥ My cal — wT? are ee} $a Register and Help Move Him
or the Sultan of Turkey bold his nostrits | + See #,881,44 Three things ar er n this world:
when bis immediate atmosphere is con . oan - | Death, judgment day at the removal
ee ed with ha were | TRICK (OF THE TAMMANYDITES? Of Devery Hugh MeLeughlr
*'*We have not fled froma new prison,” | , , Find Re c - —
aay the Pinlanders in +f in order to | ©. U.'s and Republicans 0 Bogus ¢. 0. | JUSTICES WILL ACCEPT,
inamure weelves in ar 1 pesthouse. | Petition on Pite at Headquarters ! qnegnneees
We have been born and bred in the enjoy Four men who said they formed a joint | Republican Nominees for the Judielary
ment of a Cor “ — 7 a committees of the Citizens’ Union and Re Formally Netined
be ski as tar ia a ‘areas comms | publiean parties of the Twenty-first As The candidates for dustioe of the Supreme
under «4 Wis ind progressive | sembly Distret in Brookivn called at the | Court on the Reput lear ket. dustiows
Clovernment « oroughily Demo- | Bureau of Flections at Police Headqarters  O' Bonen, Blanchard and Clarks and Samuel
cratic ih its tendencies, and now that the | last night and filed a Citizens’ Union peti Greenbaum, were notified of ther nominge-
mailed fst of a tnieakors Met ee | tal indorsing the Republican nomina- | tion yesterday by a comnuttee of the county
despotisny, has rolled fu ‘rished :
‘ira right, we willdo what in us osafe- | tions of Joseph H Adama for Assembly- | convention consisting f Presdent Robert
guard the glomeous pr eyes Which we | man in that district and Charles Alt for | C Morris, dulius M Maver, Willham H. Tea
have crosead the coaan to ensoevand which | alderman in the Sixth District, They | Eyck, Frederick So Gibbs, Edward H,
we find bonored thew but in every found already on file a petition purport Heals Meobougall Hawke (reorge R.
direction violated ino practice ing to be from the Citizens Tinton nominat Manchester and doin WH neon The
‘ ‘ thy ‘ ; t D . Abetticte é i
Mr. Donner sand that t Mr I ’ they | ing Jotin Ho Kennedy and Ernest Mo Distler | sigeation took place chambers ef
came with a larger p reonal feelne man for thom two officers | Suction O' Dries oh drpellate Division
they could to any other man in the city, | The first petits according to the joint | swrenny re ; ates ; ha snd M P
wive perhaps, Charles Ao Schieren, Lecatine |} oommittee, was rigned by a lot of men a av * = on Maver made the kpeech
Mr. Low, had, as a delegate to the Inter | cen te them as Tammany politiciar ae if of the committer. In acceptin
national Peace Congress, tried to aid Fir They aseerted that it was evidently ir tt eer nation dust OBrien said °
land in her unhappy plight Hie said that | ter ded to mislead voters and that a protes =e Rane r een ‘
M: Grout’s unceasing battle for decency | would be filed against it to-day Ur cuuree, aa w appears, REVS
igainet hopeless odds in the present ad S - - roemves * teas hes area
‘ rt bes ¥ fee! that your
ministration had appealed to every Fin . parti ‘ at |
lauder and in Mr Fornes they had every will TALK TO) HIS TENANTS. ; Homination ¢ " slone the Re-
confidence as an upright, able and honor ire Croker Said te Contemplate lesuing publican senti we uy “00 —_
able man In conclusion he sand | Sau extent repress . eng : weretore
“It will always be with pride that the & Proctametion its that poorsenal asp onor —_
Finniesh-American Municipal League, on | It waa reported vesterciy that Squire is greater! 1M Ne ‘ an
tse ‘ . : a r i rr
lo wag back . ms its the high aemaiee | Croker of Moat) House, Wantage, Berks po ” ay a . vy in which
al affairs, “ul te “ . 4 at ; te tre ;
! : vd aplendid ala os of the candidates tt England whieh 5 te tii history as the he was bert me * teat part of,
first helped, openly and officially, to intro | birt! place of Alfred the Great, and the practically all of his das ibhe life
duce into offic and when, like new St neat of Squire ker, wae going to issne “My rigunna| lea Was to accept
Renedicts, the humihated Tammany ehief- ! q) prcelamation his American tenant anv public office, | tee aes out
tains go forth into the wilderness to pumish t was wold that in ¢ proclamation be from my ear on manhood tha a
their eensual appetites by mortifying the , “4 oka tee Caaite in the been in | ib ce ] people shou
Neal thorns the Finlanders of Greater | a -‘ aid pledge. htt uneatinenie, tn thes te willing to rite tne ny present
New York will be amply and ——— Put Pn a careful oversight of their affairs office 1 car n v say ' % . comrame
justified of their faith and their oo , ' It was added that the Squire had spent a ae pe : 7 mt hea -~y on
. ’ watd that | one who had atic ; ¢ os - ras 4 ehbarge ’ ad ‘ or,
Mr low said 8 a" ; vw be f ; great deal « ‘ ’ preparation of aeatad one by os g and desire to
jet the history Finland, the i se the proclamat ich waa to be ecattered :
ment of ts children was apprectate an A road entire estate. tut at Go wnat a ON toh *)
high hom Mr Grout said that he was not ving oY id decided not to pr 1 wish vou woul ev ° gentie
e a ; thee an “ ‘ - men vou boos r thanks and
mUrp) tte i! « Finns found the don mulgate it The cansed considerable dis ; ae ; shaes Goan
nat ‘ Sct f Wantage as dist ast ; a : : e the tenantry, who a knowlaign * a .
ul ae ‘ i that of the Crarof Russia |! - ; me » fro the emily retary nf an te ge
fula . - : he . ¥ 45 so : - = ~ ogg A = myself to ret as far i ion, bY
bi ai ; wit thon onan extrerne respect wou have iv eapre
ber wertahd we ' * ) as oor aq fron ‘ 1 theref eady
and at feng : ar v ngiv acevpt * mination °
= iJ
| REALTY MEN ARP FOR WrELES Sullivan County Democratic Theket,
Solld Fetks tn The Hrens Waeat & President Monte iN YO 1 sullbwaa
Whe knows Their Seeds Coste Deen t Convert was held
Thirty real estate associations f The th Meeriticwdin t aft ' ‘ arhes - .
i . ‘™ ‘ ‘ nated for
. . ‘ . “a have annownesd their inter ‘
| When my children are |) trom
hen 1 . : port James L. Wells the Anti-Tammany | Ae vine ' i e of = t-
. } elke f 1» 4 Prank Karher
. ; . » ‘ tidate for Presider f the tew ue . —
complaining | give them || gotatae for, Praden oof ari tite of Liberty for ven See
‘ - Disk of v i a nty vudge
; heard of Trade The rea ewtate men baer
. . . , r mar SN aay 4 . q ‘ -
al Ripans lal uk and they heen anxious fora long time te get aman | and DP : a SS
he Board of Retemate to represent ther ‘ 1» ' ra y
. l] } } t n nine-tenthe of the property owne iv Wima h ta Deepet and
are a ! a iI ma Snel The Pronk, some of whom have newer voted Dane! T W ! for Ceroners
: an’ ther than the Tammany ticket, are
wiule. working far Wir. Wells's aertne EA a
Named fer the Seventy |
The Temocrete f Rerkiand county
Al droge 's have renomuneted (reorge Dieckes
The Five Cent packet oe “« ‘ ar The Memarcrete ¢ Wronwe punt?
ewdinary occas The tan Atle have nominated John Harding of Perry }
@) cents, cowttanns 4 Sore 78 ’ The Diemocrate of the Second dietrict of
Oneida county have nominated (eorge j
Ureen of Pare e 4

'