:

fhe Probiem of Theology in the Twen-
eth Century.

It e a chapter in the comparative history
of religion which is set forth in the book
qtitied, The Ethnic Trinities and Their
elations to the Christian Trinity, by Levi
Jaowanp PAINE (Houghton, Mifiin & Co.).
The author, who is the professor of eo-
desiastical history in Bangor Theolog-
jal Seminary, is recognined as one of the
foremost of Amertoan scholars and thinkers
by the readers of his former work, “A
Critical History of the Evolution of Trin-
jarianiam.” Of that work the volume
before us is a companion; it carries the
history of trinitarianism back of ite later
Christian form of development, and traces
je primary sources, Re well as its histor-
ja! evolution through the various ethnic
trinities, until the dogma enters its Chris-
tian stage. The author then compares
with each other these different stages
of religious thought, and draws from such
comparison its historical conclusions
Separate chapters are devoted to the Hin-
doo Brahmanic trinity, the Persian Zoro-
astrian trinitarianiam, the Homeric trin-
ity, the Greek philosophical trinitarianiem
and the New Platonist, or rather Plo-
tintan, trinity. Prof. Paine then con-
sders the external or historical relations
of these trinitarian systems to the Chris-
tian trinity, and then subjects them to a
careful analysis, for the purpose of de-
tecting iuternal pointe of likeness or un-
likeness to the speculative metaphysical
theory propounded in the Nicene and
peeudo-Athanasian creeds. He tells us
that at the outset of this analysis he ex-
pectal to find differences between the
ethnic trinities and the Christian trinity
quite as radical as the resemblances. The
survey of them, however, haa revealed the
fact that the resemblances are fundamental,
while the differences are superficial and
on close scrutiny are seen to rest on ex-
ternal and fortuitous, rather than on in-
ternal grounds. The historical conclusion
to which the author finds himeeif forced
to come is this: all the varied forms of
monotheistic, trinitarian, polytheistic or
pantheistic, religion in the world have
one common root in man's religious nature,
and all the differences which have been
developed in the movements of history,
differences, apparently, eo radical and
complete, are traceable to differences
of environment, modifications of human
feeling and thought, brought about by
natural peculiarities of race, isolation
of tribes and even families from each other
in early barbarous times, and, more spe-
cially, by the different degrees of civil-
ization and culture to which the various
peoples of the world have attained

Having completed a comprehensive re-
view of the relations, externa) and
internal, of the Christian trinity to
other trinitarlan systems of theology.
the author proceeds in a final chapter
to discuss the character of the new the-
ological problem which the twentieth
century finds at its door It ia evident

that, from a theological viewpoint, this
century begins under conditions very
different from those which environed

the beginning of the last. When the nine-
teenth century opened, the old theology
in ite most rigorous and scholastic from
held the field and was regnant in all or-
thodox circles Not till the middle of the
century was the inevitable and essential
antagoniam between scientific and his-
torical studies on the one hand and the
dogmas of traditional theology on the
other fully realized Then followed a
mortal conflict between the radical and
vital principle of all science and histor-
jeal criticiam, a principle summed up in
the Darwinian law of uninterrupted natural
evolution, and the traditional a priori
principle of a supernatural intervention
by especial creation and miracle. Which

|

 

of these principles offered the true his- |

torical explanation of the course of nature
and of human events? By the conflict
between these principles the history of
the nineteenth century on its theological
tide is most deeply and characteristically
marked. For a generation after the pub-
lication of the “The Origin of Species”
the whole theological air was filled with
the dust that was raised by dogmatic or
timid theologians. Now,

| thought

on the other |

hand, a lull has fallen upon the fleki of |

debate, for reasons that Prof. Paine regards
as unmistakable. “The truth is,” he
save, “that it has become clear to the mass
of intelligent men and women that, if there
is any radical antagoniam between the
ascertained facta of science and histor-
teal criticiam, on the one hand, and the
traditional dogmas of the old orthodoxy
on the other, it must mean that these dog-
mas are invalid and false.”

Our author goes on to express the con-
vietion that the new science and the new
history have come to stay. Thus the
ground has been cleared for the new prob-
lem of theology in the century to come
In the author's opinion there can be no
doubt as to the fundamental character of
that problem. The twentieth century is
to be marked by the “complete harmon-
izing and unifying of scientific, historical
and religious truth.” That this process
will involve the downfall of the old theology
in its traditional creed-form is conceded.
That theology “must disappear with the
old false science and history on which it
was built, as, for example, those exploded
theories of creation as wrought in eix dave;
of our earth as the centre of the universe,
of a material heaven beyond the circum-
ference of the starry vault’ of a material
hell deep in the centre of the earth; of the
arial region above and around us as filled
with supernatural beings, both good and
bad of men as subject in both body and
soul to the ‘prince of the power of the air,’
through bewitehment or actual demoniacal
Possession. of this world as given over by
Ged beeause of Adam's ain and fall to Satan,
ami thus made the scene of conflict be-
tween two spiritual kingdoms, only to be
terminated by the miraculous coming of
the Son of God for the everlasting destruc-
tion of evil and triumph of good.” Prof
Paine does not hesitate to say that “this
whole mass of traditional superstition,
which belong essentially to one and the
fame class of unecritieal beliefs, is rapidiv
dimolving, like snow under the sun of
summer, and is giving place to a new order
f relyous ideas, proceeding from a new
seentific and eritieal principle of eternal
and unchangeable law" Of course, there
are stil many who will protest against the
al resumé and forecast put forward
in this volume Organized Christianity
. give up ite traditions without a
final struggle Prof Paine, for his part,
however, deems himaif to be safe as a
b heerver in the assertion that

sive battle between science and

fon satan end, and, so far as there
real ground of conflict growing
logmas that were supposed to be
a! to religious faith, science and its

tones: critieem, have come off

The final coup de grace was given

stones! eritiesm The defenders
reculows Christianity have rested

fs) cpen's on the assumption that the

Hite was a duect divine rewalation, and
” commequentiy, fs narrative: were

hoetorw

Hietortweeal critectem has

—_—— - FSF

|

 

|

'

and unwavering
Principles and laws in all their widest appli-
cations.” Prof. Paine insists that evolution
is all true or it is all false. “The old dis-
tinction, which has so long been a funda-
mental assumption of theology, between
the supernatural with its appendix of
miracle, and the natural from which all
miracle ix eliminated, is wholly obsolete
#0 far as science is concerned. and theology
can never come into real harmony with
scientific methods and results until it like-
wise has abolished this assumption.” On
the other hand, science and philosophy may,
and nvust be, distinguished. What may lie
behind nature; whence its laws are derived,
are questions, not of science directly, but
of philosophy. If a conflict i again to
arise between monism and dualism, if can-
not be fought within the domain of nature
and natural law, but must be waged in the
metaphysical or transcendental realm. The
problem with which theology confronted
in the twentieth century is not metaphysical,
but is directly connected with nature and
ite laws. “Whatever further problems
may emerge in the field of philosophic
thought, the problem that faces the theolo-
gian of to-day, first of all, is concerned with
the true relation of religion and science,
and here the situation has become clear, as
{t seems to me, to every candid observer
The new theology must, first of all be a
ectentific theology through and through.”
The author of this book believes that, when
this position has once been squarely taken,
it will be found that scientific and critical
students of theology, who have been treated
with distrust and unfairness and even some-
times with scant courtesy, as if in league
with destroyers of the faith, are really ite
most valuable friends and helpers * When
nature and history are once seen to be ‘parts
of God's ways,’ and full not only of divine
ministries to men, but also of the truest
and tenderest revelations of the divine
character, what new sources of theological
truth will they become! Then the Bible
will become a new book, a very well-head
or natural spring of the water of life. Above
all, the teachings of Jesus of Nazareth will
glow with a new spiritual light and beauty,
drawn, @4 they were, so completely not at
second hand from human literature and
learning, but directly from God's own great
book of nature itself.”

Because our author is convinced that the
immediate business of the twentieth century
will be the harmonizing of religion and
acience, it does not follow that he means to
aver that there will be no excursions, now
and hereafter, into the metaphysical or
transcendental fleld) He has no doubt
that the world will have its a priorts and
speculative idealisms to the end of time
The twentieth century, however, will not
lend a ready ear to them “The Zeitgeist
has worked too hard to get rid of the meta-
physical cobwebs of past milienniums, and
to set its house in order for the new facts
of acience and history, to listen credulously
or patiently fo any metaphysical siren
song The new theology, whatever else it
may be, will be a matter of fact, a moral, an
anthropologic theology, and will be solidly
built on the foundation-stone of the truths

revealed through mans moral = con-
sciousness Here will be the fleld of in-
vestigation..a fleld of reliqpous inquiry
virgin and rich indeed, hith@rto almost

covered up by the old theological dogmas
of ‘original! sin’ and ‘total depravity’ How
could Jonathan Edwards understand the
religious nature of a child when he piously
believed that from birth it was ‘a little
viper’ steeped in the ‘poison’ of sin?” Prof
Paine, for his part, beliewes that the chiki-
nature will be the most fruitful feature of
those pevchological investigations, which,
more than all other influences combined,
will give a new shaping to theological
The new theology will not only
be anthropological: it will be a child-
anthropology, and Milton's lines —

The childhood shows the man

AS morning shows the day
will be the first article of its credo *

MWH

Clever Stephen Calinart.

In “Stephen Calinan,” by Julian Sturgis
(Charles Seribner's« Sons), we have the story
of an English youth of whom we are quite
willing to beliewe that he was clever, be-
cause the story says that he was, and be-
cause we should think that an author, of
all persons, was likely to be acquainted with
the facta regarding one of his own charac-
ters, That Stephen Calinari’s mother and
grandfather beliewad him to be clever
may be set down as additional strong testi-
mony upon the point

The reader may think at first that the
massive young Oxford oaraman, Harold
Downton, is to be an important figure
in the tale It seems almost as though the
remembered Ouida had renounced the
melancholy Ttaly of her later years and
had returned to her earlier and more cheer-
ful practices, as we come pleasantly upon
Harold “(Gray and green is Oxford in sum-
mer, a place of delicate vapors. Low by
the river she lies, centre of soft sloping hills,
and a light haze seems to float about her
towers and pinnactes. A softened sun-
shine fille to the brim the walled gardens of
her ancient colleges Droway i« all the
air, like the afternoon of the Lotus eaters
The birds, who babbled thick at dawn in
the close shrubberies, are silent in this
alumbrous afternoon Moisture and sun
have made these shrubberies dense, they
puah beyond their boundaries out on to the
shaven lawns Somewhat monotonous
the green may seem. and the gray; but,
since summer i¢ voung, the verdure has
innumerable shades, and the gray walls
have been touched by time and weather to
many tones ~

Charming indeed, though in the opinion
of many the Oxford landscape needs no
apologies But now the picture justifying
ew tender and beautiful a setting “It
was one of the first summer dave of 1877

! Seothed by the eweet air which came to him

from the garden close.and by the tiny sound»
of a silence which were like the far-off mur-
mur of bees or faintest stir of air in leaves,
a big young man lay sleeping by the open
window of his room He was in training,
and after the early dinner of the crew he
had vielded to the soft influence of place and
hour He had drawn a deep, well-worn
armehair to the window and placed him
eelf at ease therein, stretching hie long
leg® to the faded window seat, which bad
heen built by a former resident in the thicek-
ness of the ancient wal! There reclining

he had looked forth with deep content
to the homely green garden of bis most
anctent college. until bis eyes had cloaed
and the young athlete slumbered like «
healthy bale Fla ven hatred fair teat
tanned, with hes grea: tin a AX in sleep
and hie mouth half open. be seemed like
eoloesa!l Inoewne «¢ i rengt!
of the Sako

He was as big and beautiful as the Hon

Rertie Cecil, but there is not much more

Grtiroyed the very basis of this position | eoacerning bm lie wes relly orma-

Beyond the placid
face of the sleeper was the garden, all
placidity. Of learning or of leisure was this
scene typical? The dark young man
laughed low to himself asx he advanced
quietly into the room and stood looking down
upon his fellow undergraduate

| in the
and examined his friend, not for
with and

condemned by the laws of training to a
time of inactivity. His sleep was light. He

 

1o appear more wicked than they were,
and would rather be suspected of almost
any crime than of chastity. Stephen,
who was by nature somewhat of a prude,
liked them best when in the society of
ladies. They were very pleasant, and they
were honorable, according to their school-
boy code, and Stephen, who was far too
acute to expect no crumpled roseleaf in his
happy lot, was quite content with their
society. Neither boys nor girls appeared
to regard him as an intruder on their care-
less troop; they were good natured and

stirred and then he moved himself in his big | kind, and presently began to chaff him

chair; and then his eyes, after blinking
cat-like in the sun, opened wide and stared
up into his friend's. ‘Ha" be cried and sat

up. ‘Hat’

into fine society. No difficulty. His grand-
father was a millionaire; his beautiful
mother entertained Duchesses. “She was

not @ little wise. She was tall and shapely,
too, moon-faced and fair,
dressed, but not aggressively,
responsive, intelligent, but not
somely clever. She liked to listen, and she
emiled when men talked”"—who would
not smile, listening to some of them?
*amiled sympathetically when one of them
talked about himself. She had the best
tea in London, and made it well She
said that she liked her visiturs to amoke,
but she smoked herself only in the strictest
privacy. She was spoken well of by both
men andwomen ‘Madam Cally,’ aa it be-
came the fashion in that set to call her, was
a popular person, and in the course of time
a personage. She was handsome, and yet
aroused no anxiety in her sex. Even the
most jealous women felt that she cared
little for men, though she liked to give
them tea Good wives, who gave thought
to finding occupation for their leisured
lords, sent them to tea with this soothing,
charming woman.”

Of course she was all ready for clever
Stephen when he came from Oxford She
“had seen to his election at a good club
some years before, and he met the golden
youth there as well as in ballrooms and
dining rooms He did not get on so well
with them as with the girls, he accepted
the fact" They were at no particular
pains to conceal from him their opinion
that he was a prig. he did not mind; he had
an opinion of them which did not permit
him to grieve at their opinion of him
intimacy with each other stood in the way
of hie getting on with them were
young guardsmen, others in public offices
others in nothing but the lap of luxury
but they had been at the same schools
they called each other by their Christian
names or nicknames, which Stephen thought
rude or stupid, and much of their conversa
tion was chaff which he did not understand
They struck him as still extraordinarily
young, schoolboys with schoolboy chaff,

ee a

restful,
too tire-

Some

passive, gentle, kindly, comfortable and |

always well |

|

 

also a little, not, it must be confessed, with
any fineness. He took it all as part of the
day, which was on the whole one pleasure
It was delightful to find himself asked

Calinari went away to London and plunged | everywhere, often to be recognized by his

hostess, and sometimes even welcomed.”
So much will show what sort of a picture
of London life ie here drawn It
be that the reader will find it full of allure-
ment. We have heard of readers of Dick-

 

{

may |

ens who would have pawned their watches |

It will
aroma
pervaded
agreeable

for a supper at the Maypole lan
be remembered what a pleasent
of lemons and other matters
always the bar of that most
hosteiry. Very

likely the reader of this |

story will thirst for a cup of Mrs Calinari's |

tea, and will feel that it would be a pleasure

to listen to the interchanges of chaff and |

to the serious comment upon sport and
upon the lighter matters of the theatre
at Stephen Calinari's club. Does the reader
remember the club conversations in which
Barnes Newcome used to figure? Has he
not wished more than once that he might

go any day and listen to conversations of '

the sort? We are not sure of it, but it may
be that the joy was Stephen
to be favoved with such an
On one memorable occasion Stephen came
face to face with the great Disrarti

“One night at a great party,” we read,
“as he stood in the hall among cloaked
ladies waiting for carriages, and heard
the bawling for footmen who clustered
before the door, he felt a movement of in-
terest In the tired crowd around him, and

opportunity

| his eyes turned with theirs to the great

staircase In that mansion of many memor

| jes Aneminent statesman was descending

*Their |

| atrange face

leaning on the arm of his secretary, who
was talking with vivacity The face of the
famous man was bent forward there was a
faint «mile on bis mouth as he listened
the eves looked blind as in a face of stone
Leaning on his companion he
trust to him for guidance
heart beat quicker as he looked up at
of the man whose career had
much Born of a race
juat ceasing to be despised,

seemed to
Stephen's

the

interested him so
which was burt
and of a father whose art
among the arta, is despised even to this
day, himeelf in vouth a fantasti
weaver of ridiculed romances, he had be-

if it be numbered

fop and a

Continted on Rwhth lage

 

7 Rew Publications,

   
 

small Saxon principality.

interesting and remarkab'e romance.

leroy,” ete.

*

First edition $0,000 cop

A new novel by the authors of *
of fashionable Parisian lite.

Robert Barr's masterpiece.

utilize in its machinery the

This brilliant exposition of
“YELLOW

The second edition will be ready to-day.

  

cc

eee

A Competion Rook to

tame, cents pet. pertage & eatra
ifeno, $) 75 net

The Story of a Littie Poet

By SOPHIE CRAMP TAYLOR,
full-page plates by Alice Barber Stevens

12 mo, Oi DO net, postage Ihe eatra

A new
; Dreaeett Wormet and  Menda *
in tes %

hustrated edition comprising

with 10

Out To:Day.
FOR LOVE OR CROWN,

BY ARTHUR W. MARCHMONT.

Author of “In the Name of a Woman,” “A Dash for a Throne,” and “By Right of
Sword,” of which over 100,000 copies have been sold
This is a romantic story dealing with the intrigues of two political parties ina

The hervine. Wwho is heir to the throne, becomes engaged to a young Englishman.
and his efforts to protect her from her enemies have been made the basis of a most

12mo, Cloth, $1.50. Ilustrated.

Recent Successes:

THE MAKING OF A MARCHIONESS,

BY FRANCES HODGSON BURNETT.
The first work in two vears by the author of “A Lady of Quality,” “Little Lord Faunt-

One of the most beautiful books eber printed.

12mo, Clo.h, Miustrated, Net, $1.10.
SECOND LARGE EDITION.

THE SECRET ORCHARD,

The Pride of Jennico,” ete

12mo, Cloth, $1.50. Iilustrated.

(Tenth Thousand)

THE VICTORS.

The greatest political novel written in years
Dashing and eventful as a tale of knight errantry.
operation of a department store, the stealing of a railway
franchise, and the making of a Tammany Hall “boss.”"

12mo, Cloth, $1.50. Frontispiece by Clinedinst.
SECOND EDITION.

THE CREAT COD SUCCESS.

BY JONN GRAHAN.

JOURNALISM"
has met with instant success, and its first edition was exhausted shortly after publication.

12mo, Cloth, $1.50.
For Sale by all Booksellers.

FREDERICK A. STOKES COMPANY.

Rew Pudlications.

Postpaid, $1.21.

Dramatic, thrilling, a story

it is so thoroughly modern as to

BY MARY DEVEREUX

Author of the very successful “From Kingdom to ( ‘olony

A St of the present time, the events occurring ~
~e in an American seashore town.

12me, 61.50

JOY AND STRENGTH FOR THE PILGRIM’S DAY
BY MARY W. TILESTON

jatiy Strength for Dally Nerds
2a0),000 Copies of whieh have already been said
@hite and gold, $i net postage Br eatra = red

over

ine edition

postage if extra

Letters from My M

treMue Mata Mele

Holly Berry and Mistletoe

Ry MARY CAROLINE HYD, with ¢2 illus
trations by Reginald B. Birch

1?me., Meentse Het. |; eatre

postage &

LITTLE MASTERPIECES BY ALPHONSE DAUDET

Katherine
1O@m

translated t

LITTLE, BROWN & COMPANY, Publishers

| 284 WASHINGTON ST,

ResTeS, Beer

 
  
   
      
        
       
  

   
    
        
   
   
   
     
   
   
   
           
     
     
     
       

Calinari’s |

:
|

 

     
 

 

 

 
 

rere - sooneee

ask ve
Latest & lumeot

 
  

PUBLISHED TO-DAY

Tales of Dunstable Weir

By ZACK, Author of “' Life is Life,” etc.

VOLUME of tales, brilliant in style and execution, by the talented

Englishwoman whose last spring's novel, ** The White Cottage,’’

Richard Henry Stoddard considers ‘‘a sure test of the literary inteili-
gence and judgment of its readers and « positive revelation of the genius of its
author.’’ They exhibit the highest development, so far, of this author's cha-
racteristic and remarkable talent, the initial story also showing her in @ vein of
humor heretofore unsuspected.
Contents :—Bexjamin Pannot'’s Fancy, Tue Hatt ano He, Tue Ricwr or
Way, Virtace Pome Fewins, Crooxsiz, Many Ametia Spor, Tre Sisters.
$1 50.

A New Polish Novelist introduced by Mr. Jeremiah Curtin

The Argonauts

By ELIZA ORZESZKO
Translated by Jeremiah Curtin, Translator of the Works of Sienkiewicz.

ADAME ELIZA ORZESZKO, the latest discovery of Mr. Jeremiah

TS Curtin’s wnerring sense of what is the most interesting in contemporary

Polish literature, is here introduced to the American public in a novel

of unusual power and melodramatic force, al] the characters of which are

strongly drawn, and of which the movement is full of excitement, while it has
the curious and piquant flavor of an entirely foreign life and society.

It i# on the old but inexhaustible theme of the essential powerlessness of

human power.
She is a novelist whose earlier stories had already given her vogue at hone
when her ** Argenauts '' suddenly showed her a candidate for international honors.

Fables for the Fair

By JOSEPHINE DODGE DASKAM

N this exquisite volume of 25 fables about women Miss Daskam develops
a vein of satirical humor of most amusing quality. The different feminine
types whose foibles are laughably as well as shrewdly exhibited are familiar
to everybody; for instance:

 

Tue Woman Wuo Unpverrroon Orsaa—Tue Woman Wo Detinenatro—Tue
Wowuan Wuo Took Trinos Literatty—Tut Woman Wo Tatxen Wert, ete.

Daintily printed in green and brown. $1.00 aet (postage 8 cen's).

     
 
 

sili Booksellers, or
CHARLES SCRIBNER’'S SONS

PUBLISHED YESTERDAY

   

Cloth, $1.50.

12mo.

With Frontispiece.

Maarten Maartens

s fecognized all
readers of ficthon as one
of the most artist and f

hed novelists of the day.and
Jor thing that shows
ne characteristics of his

an this gallery of charm

{ mintatures The adroit

ver suffered to ov er-

shadow the real qualties of human interest
“Some Women sa hook that will enhan the
fine reputation earned by the author God's Fool

and “The Greater Glory

The Wage of Character

A Novel Ber

The Seats of the Mighty

By GILBERT PARKER JULIEN GORDON

  

Being the Memoirs of Captain Robert eho ¢ "Men Civde.® et With
MORAY, sometime an Officer in the Portrait 12 mo Cloth, $1.25
Virginia Regiment, and afterwards In Julien Gordon's new etory
of Amberst's Regimen lilustrated glimpses of social life in New York

wmnanie / - of

122 mo Cloth 81% are a panied by vivid pictures of

“Another historical romance of the —,. fe and society in Washington
Anothe ato ! ‘ “ Sa a ee . :

vividness and intensity of The Seats in aes ~ i ied - oe bees ps 44 =

of the Mighty’ has never come from as es a ee eeeeceny i h an

the pen of an Amencoan This work —s a mg ee —. oe 4

may without hesitati he set down as real iaatico wv dramatic a

the best ™M Par has dot From pathetic ae well as more superficial!
ve best My ke =» cone en f life. that atamp t) .

’ pPimasee of rf wi stamy “ on as

the firat chapter » the last word in ; cae ,

tereat in the book never wanes, one pric aReS and persona:

finde it dificult to interrupt the nar bpd gt 4 a “ ae A.J - 2 >

rative with breathing space Crago yas os . pat! ‘

Record

D. APPLETON & COMPANY, Publishers, New York.

THE TORY LOVER

“Worth reading twice.”

The Rocton Herald says: “It is one of the most pleasing, dignitied and

artistic historical novels of the last five yea Indeed, one would be ata sta
P ! 1 ” '

point to a modern historical romance thit equals it ali those qualities and

features that make a book worth reading [wis

THE TORY LOVER

“Is literature.”

Miss Jewett’s historical romance

{ th

The New York Mail and Ixprees says
has one quality that distinguishes itfrom a
rent popular books in the same tield of Neth *rature

THE TORY LOVER

“Is well sustained throughout.”

4 pus i atheove man

and the Brooklyn Fagic goes on te say that “Miss Jewett has a reputation
or cacellent work, but she has never a anvthing better than The Tors
it is romance, Pure and simy . but te unce portraved with a fine

f
Lower
and deleate touch

THE TORY LOVER

By SARAH ORNE JEWETT

For Sale at All Bookstores. Price 8!

)

Publishers

MIFFLIN & CO

Boston and New Yor

HOUGHTON.

mar ‘ s at

. f ° hic .
DREXEL BILULD. Phusdtipes i ape, eee Line,

i
rast,

 
  
   

 

 

    
   
   

Sa.

at) Poets

a. Oe @

>

 

New Publications.

ttt ete tte tala alg

Appraisals of New Books.

; Three New Novels, a History, and Three
| Big Popular Successes.

nnnnsnmene

 

Last week we spoke of “some
novels of widely different kinds
but all worth reading.” This

‘week another word-—-a serious
, book that reads like a Romanee;
lthiee new novels that are
| Romance; and three more pub-
| lished long enough now to show
\themselves the best Romances
so far this season.

| First, then, a word of the more
serious work, (Creneral Alger's

“History of
the Spanish-

American War.”

It is the only thorough and
accurate account of the War.
| Authoritative as one would ex-
ect from the Secretary of War.
argely personal, too, but bigger
than mere personalities. A most
interesting and comprehensive
study. No one cau afford not to
real it.

* . « *

 

The three novels are all by
| Writers uniquely fitted for the
;work they have undertaken,
| For example

“The Japanese
Nightingale,”

by Onota Watanna, is a little
love story of Japan, by & young
writer from Japan. It is a
picturesque story, full of comedy,
and wholly naive and delightful.
Pictures in egor by Yeto, the
Japanese illustrator. By the
sale artist unique tinted page
borders. An uncommonly at
tractive volume.
. * * .

The next book belongs to our

“Portrait Collection.” It is called

“The Punishment
of the Stingy,”

by George Bird Grinnell. Mr,
Grinnell bas been adopted as
War Chief by the Pawnee Ip-
Here he writes their
stories. They have al] the color
of the red man’s legends and
show, besides, an unusual gift in
the author for what is dramatic
aud worth recording. Dramatic
‘selection’ is a good key note
for them.
* " 7 *

—— ae
ee

dians.

Of the third of the new novels
just mentioned,

“The Strength
of the Hills,”

by Florence Wilkinson, it is
enough to say that it isa clean,
strony story, full of out-door life
and mountain air. It breathes,
Just one more instance of know-
ing Nature with the ability to
transcribe it in an effective story.
oo 7 cm

“Flood Tide,”

by Sarah MeLean Greene

“Cardigan,”

by Robert W. Chambers, and

“The Right of Way,”

by Gilbert Parker are the three
books we referred to as the best
Romances so far this season, You
have probably read them before
now. If not, we just want to
call your attention to them, A
look at them will pay.

_ eee ACCC A . . . :

Spanish-American War The Punishment of the

$2.50 net) SMingy, $1.15 (net)
Japanese Nightingale, Flood Tide, $1.50,

$2 00 inet) Cardigan, $1.50.
Strenath of the Hills The Right of Way,

$/.$0, $1 50

HARPER & BROTHERS,

Franklin Square, New York,

GERMAN]
ROOKSa

RENTANOS
UNION SQUARE. New York

  
  

 
    

|

Your Fortune Told Free

| BY THE ZODIAC, ©

i |
7“) ee oF

«| San bow oe'cns, 8. 3.
%.

a e

seal

ee wy

cies