touch him as he passed.
It was probably just as well that Stephen
@id not marry his cousin Elf, Lord Ran-
more’s vivacious daughter. Lord Ran-
more thought Stephen too clever for a
e@on-in-law. He admired cleverness; at
the same time he distrusted it and was
timid about bringing it into the house
He was a silent, moody, obstinate sort of
lord. He used to aay “wumph!" at intervals
when Stephen ran on to him at great length
on the subject of politics. When his suit
was definitely and rather rudely rejected
Lord Ranmore Stephen went away

to look at the warthen waging between
the Turks and Russians. In Constanti-
Fane, who wae English
Tatar in hor. She

the
and her life was made

her—-had paid to a manager a sum of money
sufficient to justify him in landing the firet
work of an amateur composer. In order
to bring out Daria Fane's opera it was neces-
eary to disappoint another composer, an
impoveriahed person of genius with a large
family, whose admirable work, on the very
eve of ite promised presentation, was to
be summarily set aside These incidental
and not particularly flattering facte re-
garding her opera were made known to
Daria by the clever Stephen Calinari. When
Stephen first set eyes on the beautiful
Daria he had asked: *Who is that dangerous
female?” There was dreadful prophecy
in the inquiry. Ashe confided to her these

t things concerning her opera
*ghe broke {in upon his speech,” we read,
*with a cry of anger. ‘Fooled, deceived,
treated like ababy! My work a sham,
absurd, paid for! Oh! She had turned
white, and her clenched hands shook before
ber. Her eyes were narrowed like the eyes
of @ snake, and keen with hatred as she
looked on the youth before her. ‘And
you must meddle and mar, you must be
the one to tell me, to blast me! From
the first you've worried, disturbed, thwarted
me, brought me ill-luck with your superior
ganctimonious aire; and now but for you
I never should have known—ah!’ *

And her interlocutor, the clever Stephen,
how did he bear himself in the storm? We
read: “It sounded to Stephen like the mar!
of a wild beast. He looked at her amazed,
confounded, with his mouth open. Some
gavage Tatar seemed to look out on him
through those narrowed eyes; he half

'

|

|

|

Phought that she would strike him. She |

could not speak for passion, but she made
a gesture as if she ordered himaway. Then,
an he went toward the door, she recovered
epeech. ‘I hope I may never see your
face again,’ she cried at him as he went
out.”

There is a passage earlier in the story
which tells us how Stephen once returned
home to his mother after a wearing ex-
perience. ‘Ia my mother well?’ he asked
of the familiar butler, who was beginning
to express surprise and pleasure at the
aight of their young gentleman. She was
well, she was at home, she was alone; and
Stephen ran up the noiseless, thickly car-
peted stairs and opened the door of the
boudoir. There amid the dainty silks
and Cupids delicately painted she sat robed
fn black with fine white lace about it
He had opened the door 60 quietly that
for @ moment she went on reading; then
ghe turned her head and saw her boy stand-
ing in the doorway. She gave a low ery of
joy as she rose, tall and pale, to greet him;
and Stephen, coming to her without a word,
leaned his young head on her shoulder,
uncritical, loving, at rest. A moment
later he was sobbing with the abandon-
ment of a little child.”

But on this latter occasion of disaster
and sorrow we do not know that he sought
bis mother. He was clever and we sus-
pect really that he congratulated himself
on his discovery of the ugly emotions that
underlay the beauty of Daria Fane. We
know that presently he betook himself
to the cool shadows of an unspecified ca-
thedral town and that there, in a spacious
and soothing garden in the rear of a ven-
erable and restful house, he took rever-
ently the hand of Betty Coop, 4 middle-
class maiden of lovely character, who bad
been waiting for him.

The Right of Way.

In his stories of French Canada Mr
Gilbert Parker has always summoned
mobe with great facility and with much
effect. We must remember always how
Mr. Beerbohm Tree came downstairs to
face one of Mr. Parker's mots in the dra-
matic version of “Seats of the Mighty.”
Mr Tree is not fat
eomewhat shadowy as pausing near the
foot of the stairs he drew his robe about
him and questioned the mob concerning
fte wishes and intentions. Our memory
conserves the scene rather than the dia-
logue. The flaring and sputtering torches,
the threatening and noisy weapons, the

 

and hia lege looked |

terrifying agitations of the mot forward |

and back, the absolute calm of Mr Tree
standing full in the limelight a littl way
up the stairs -it is the picture that remains
with us particularly; and then of a sudden
Mr. Tree came all the way down showing
his legs in a reckiess manner and the mob
vanished instantly either because it waa
terrified by that exhilution or for some
other reason that we never knew

In Mr. Parker's new story, “The Right
of Way” (Harper 4 Bros), we have a nur
ber of these curious mot manifestations
They illustrate very truly, we
the excitable nature of

sUuppoRe,

the Freneh «

ara

ter. Like all of Mr. Parker's stories that
we have seen “The Rig f Wav” is highly
and persistently dramat “Not guilty,

your Honor'*—eo it begins, and the mere

certainly far more than looked at
Judge”
It was an

fop. He wore a eingle eyeglass, through
which his cold gray eye looked with a stony
stare. On this occasion, at the last mo-
ment, he had warmed up. His address
to the jury was arevelation. It was human,
full of warm eloquence, persuasive, irre-
sistible. And the reason was that Charley
Steele, the man of stone, the image with a
monocle, had drunk a bottle of whiskey
just before he uttered it. So overanme
was the beautiful Kathleen Wantage that
she called out Charley's name in the Court
Howse, and in the next chapter she married
him. All Montreal was carried away by
that wonderful speech. The story says
The prisoner was forgotten almort as
soon as he had left the court room a free
man, but wherever men and women met
in Montreal that day, one name was on the
lips of all—Charley Steele! In his speech
he had done two things: he had thrown
down every barrier of reaerve-—or #0 it
seomed—and had become human and
intimate. ‘1 could not have believed it
of him,’ was the remark on every lip.” His

ige, we read, had increased immensely
in afew short hours. The town was proud
of his ability and grateful for the fact that
he had given it @ sensation qualified to
live all summer. Here is the concluding
paragraph of the speech that seemed 8
wonderful to Montreal: “It is not a life only
that is at stake, {t is not revenge for a life
anatched from the busy world by a brutal
hand that we should heed to-day, but the
awful reeponsibility of that thing we call
the State, which, having the power of life
and death without gatnsay or hindrance,
should prove to the last inch of necessity
its right to take a human life. And the
right and the reason should bring con-
viction to every honest human mind. That
is all I have to say.”

Charley continued to drink. The hours
that he spent in his office were passed in
going to the closet to drink from a@ bottle
of whiskey or of cordial and in looking
out of the window in an agreeable dream.
Five years after the great speech his wife
came to the offloe and ecolded him. He
was polite and kind, as he had always been
to her. He took from her a deed of some
property that he had given to her for a
wedding present and gave to her another
deed representing property ten times as
valuable He had just disoovered that
his brother-in-law, Billy Wantage, had
forged his name and stolen from him trust
funds to the amount of $25,000. Meretfully
withholding this ugly knowledge from
his wife, he drove away up the river to the
Céte Dorion and got drunk. In his drunken-
ness he preached a sermon to the river
drivers who frequented that place of cheer
Their religious feelings were outraged;
they knocked him on the head and threw
him into the river. The murderer whose
life he had saved in the great trial, passing
by on hia raft, found him and cerried him
away to his hut on Vandrome Mountain
Here Charley Steele lived in mental va-
cancy during the space of seven months.
Then a great surgeon from France, hap-
pening that way, performed an operation
which removed the pressure of a piece of
bone upon his brain and restored him to
his usual senses. Meantime his wife had
married again, and Billy, his brother-in-
law, had permitted it to be understood
that he, Charley Steele, had misappro-
priated the trust funds. Charley did not
go back to Montreal, He was thoughtful
of hia wife and willing to spare her. He
went down to the village of Chandi¢re and
took up the trade of a tailor, and the rest
of the long story is concerned with his
new life, with his strenuous battle against
the desire of drink, with his many he
nevolences, with the persecution that he
suffered at the hands of the superstitious
and intolerant habitants, with his love
affair with Rosalie Evanturel, with the
obstacles and heartbreak attending the
same, with Billy Wantage'’s evolution in
crime, with the fanatical branding of
Charley with the iron croas that was stolen
from the church door, and with much pine
and tragedy besides

Here ia what happened when Charley
and Jo Portugais, the man whom he had
saved from the gallows, were guarding
money which belonged to the church
Billy Wantage had come to steal this money,
and with him was John Brown, once the
Rev. John Brown, who had turned quack
doctor. There were five men altogether
in Billy's party. “Armed to the teeth, they
broke etealthily into Charley's house
They entered silently through the kitchen
window, and made their way Into the little
hall. Two stood guard at the foot of the
stairs, and three crept into the shop. This
night Jo Portugais was sleeping upetairs,
while Charley lay upon a bench in the tailor
shop. Charley heard the door open, heard
unfamiliar steps, seized hia pistol, and,
springing up, with his back to the safe,
called out loudly to Jo. As he dimly saw
men rush at him, he fired. At that moment
a dark-lantern was turned full on Charley,
and a pistol was fired point-blank at him

“As he fell, shot through the breast,
the man who had fired dropped the lantern
with a shriek of terror He had seen the
ghost of his brother-in-law Charley Steele

“With a quaking cry of warning to the
others, Billy bolted from the house, fol-
lowed by his companions, two of whom
were struggling with Jo Portugals on the
atairway Theee now also broke and ran

“Jo rushed into the shop, and saw, as he
thought, Charley lying dead, and saw the
robber dead upon the floor, His master
and friend gone, the conviction seiged him
that his own time had come. He would
give himself to justice now but to God's
justice, not to man's. The robbers were

5

2

3

§

z

i

>

f
it

as F!

| four to one, and he would avenge his mas-

ful verdict is printed in italies Much
that ie drarnatic mar happen in urt of
couree. Here it save 4 indred at
Taosphenes had seemed preseing down
on the freited people in the or do emurt
room. As the discordant treble of the
huge foreman of the jury squeaked over
the masse of gajrog burmanty « had
twitched at ekirts dra I a
hands across prockling | “ ke
nervous legs at a gall, the herine
weights of ole a f i '
eres’! pereirmath fr ae ‘
the pine he a ow i fn

of the ga “ “ “
Tie dudar ' ; i s :
ee Y ’ angry
cabled mh ' ' “a € ut ra ' ay
end wven wig! ; eves raced |

time Rosalie knelt at
, her piteous, tearless eyes
forever fixed on his face.

*Toward evening, with an unnatural
strength, he sat up in bed,

* ‘Bee!’ he whispered, ‘that woman in the
corner there! She has come to take me,
but I will not go!"

“Fantasy after fantasy possessed him
fantasy strangely mixed with facts of his
own past. Now it
Billy, now Jo Portugais, now John Brown,

  

was Kathleen, now |

No doubt the dead Corbucel squirmed.

the | ff it be the case that the dead are sensiti

to earthly irony. In one of these stories
Raffies steals the chief curiosity contained
in the Room of Gold in the British Museum
This was « gold cup decorated in enamel
with scenes from the martyrdom of St.
Agnes. A company of plutocrate of an
archwological turn had purchased it for
the museum at a cost of £8,000. Hales
regarded it with admiration. “I wonder
if we could lift it, Bunny?” he mused aloud.

'

| “Better try, air,” sald a dry voice at his

how Suzon Charlemagne at the Cote Dorion, |

again Jo Portugais
sentences he spoke to them, as though
they were present before him. At last he
guddenly paused and gazed straight before
him, over the head of Rosalie into the dia-
tance

* ‘Bee!’ he said, pointing; ‘who is that?
Who? I can't see his face—it is covered
So tall! So white! He is opening his
arms to me. He ts coming—closer—closer!
Who is it?”

* ‘It is Death, my son,’ said the priest in
his ear, with a pitying gentienoss

“The curé’s voice seemed to calm the
agitated vision, to bring it back to the
outer precincts of consciousness There
was an awe-struck allence as the dying
man fumbled, fumbled over bis breast,
found his eyeglass, and with a last feeble
effort raised it to his eye, shining now with
an unearthly fire. The old interrogation
of the soul, the elemental habit, outlived
all else in him. The idiosyncrasy of the
mind automatically expressed itself

* ‘Il beg—your -pardon" he whispered to
the imagined figure, and the light died out
of his eyes; ‘have 1l--ever been~intro-
duced —to you?"

* ‘at the hour of your birth, my son,’ said
the priest, as a sobbing ory came from the
foot of the bed

“But Charley did not hear. His ears
were forever closed to the voices of life
and time.”

A melodrama and a study in human woe,
painfully weak in logio at times, and ite
mob a little too facile and recurrent, but on
the whole, in our opinion, much the best
story that Mr. Parker bas ever given t us.

 

The Amateur Cracksman Again.

The fact does not seem to be exactly
tn the interest of virtue, but we dare say
that the reader will be grateful to learn
that A. J. Raffles, the amateur crackeman,
survived his plunge into the Mediterranean
Rea. In a new volume of stories, vigor
oualy entitled * Raffles” (Charles Scribner's
Sons), Mr. F. W. Hornung, the conscientious
historian of thie glittering malefactor,
tella us, together with much else, how he
awam to the Island of Elba, a place that
another Napoleon, a preliminary Raffles,
had already measurabiy distinguished,
and eo returned gradually to his friend
Bunny and to a welcoming and vulnerable
work!
Raffles said, and we can well believe it
*But,* said RaMes, refusing to appropriate
to himself any credit in the matter, “I
defy you to sink in the Meviterranean
That sunset saved me. The sea was on
fire. I hardly ewam under water at all,
but went all | know for the sun itself, when
jt wet I must have been a mile away, until
it did I wastheinvieible man. I figured
on that, and only hope it waan't set down
as a case of micide. I aball get outed quite
soon enough, Bunny, but I'd rather be
dropped by the hangman than throw my
own wicket away.”

Eight new adventures of Raffles'’s are
narrated here. They radiate from a Lon-
don flat in the Kensington quarter, where he
lives “strictly private” with Bunny He
poses as an old man and an invalid; his
hair ia white, the result of a distressing
experience of a sentimental sort in Italy
but he is the aame old Raffles, wonderful
in mind and body, pulee warranted Th
ia a picture showing bim triced up against
the wall in the drawing room of a furnished
house in Bloomsbury His is gagged. !
cannot move or make a sound Facing
him, a foot away, stands a grandfathers
clock with a pistol sticking out of its insides
and aimed directly at his heart
of Raffles have been fixed intently upon
the hands of this clock for eleven hours
and fifty-nine minutes. His ears in that
time have not missed a single tick In
another minute the pistol will be discharged
With ita discharge the awful and lingering
vengeance of the fat Italian Camy
Corbueci, will be complete Before
minute ia up, in comes Bunny and kicks
over the clock. If he had not tipped the
cab driver handsomely it is probable that
he would have been too late

Meantime Corbucei and another agent
of the Camorra, the man with the vellow
boots, were dead in the front room down-
stairs “They are in here, Bunny,” said
the liberated Rafiles, as he turned the han-
die of door The dgpr would open
only a few inches. But a detestable odor
came out, with a broad bar of yellow gas-
light. KRaMfles put his handkerchief to his
nose, and Bunny diki the same, aa the two
equeezed into the room, “The man with
the yellow boots was lying against
door, Corbucel’s great carcass sprawled
upon the table, and at a glance it was evi-
dent that both men had been dead some
hours. The old Camorrist had the stem of a
lqqueur between his ewellen |
fingers, one of whieh had been cut in the
breakage, and the livid flesh was also brown
with the last blood that it would ever shed
His face was on the table, the huge
tache projecting from under either leaden
cheek, yet looking itaelf strangely alive
Broken bread and serapa of frozen maca
roni lay upon the oloth and at the bottom
of two soup plates and a tureen
roni bad a tinge of tomato, and there was
a critoson dram ieft in the tumblers, with
an empty tiaseo to show whence it came
But near the great grav head oon
tale another ligu r glass stood, untiroker
and «till full of some white and stinking

re

The eves

rrist,

the

the

fiass rhiuae

mus-

the mack:

ter’s death and give his own life to do it! liquid, and near that a tiny silver flan!
It was all the thought of a second. He | which made Bunny recoil from Raffles as
rushel out after the robbers, shouting | pe had not from the dead, for he know
as he ran, to awake the villagers, He | to te hia *
heard the marauders ahead of him, and, They got out of the poisonous air and
fleet of foot, rushed on. Reaching them | pages explained: *You probably don't
as they mounted he fired, and brought | aven know the name, Pur ental {
down his man-—a shivering quack doctor, | the deadliest potion get known to acienc
who, like his leader, had seen a sight in the |p ie cyanide of cacodyl, and TL have carrie!
tailor shop that struck terror to his soul. | ener armall flask of it about + ne f
Two of the others then fired at do, who had months Where I got it matt nothing
caught a horse by the head He fell with- | the whole point i: that a mere sniff 1 ie.
out a sound, and lay upon his face he did | gag te ciay Ll bave never hou a
not hear the hoofe of the escaping horses, | oe guicide as vou know, but 1 ape
nor any other sound. He had fallen with | jy worth while to be for wan . :
out a pang beside the quack doctor, whose very worst Well, a teatie 4
meleines would never again quicken a | ia calculated to stiffen an ordinary ¢ nfl
pulse in bis own body or any other = of ordinary people wit five minutes
The mob whieh was so ready to come to | nnd | remembered my flack why
Charlee was to come no more As the good me as good as crucified in the «
curs had said, he had given his life for the | of this morning 1 asked 1! '
Choareh and tt must be said in compliment | ooae of w pocket 1 beeggged th
«s mob that it was not ite habit to pre so ae Sciiiee than cone A
against the Church martyre ¢ harlev'*§ | an wou Suppose they cid That
” 1 ol been drewed while hie bead | Corhund © crit Raf aming
wan J weton Rosale'*® basom *Por | memary. ‘how 1 poe Hu
howre be lay « ami then the fevered | i. qask be w ahd git eye
= ~ | oe in the far “7 Ni “ that
fe Alte Begteter ' at weet, eho whi go with me ry
* the Tips and Toppers regietered as early ae tlw sedan «
prarer lay NA oo yow @re @@ muck alive | settled us bet! Pt * ~ ! tanta
. hep ty Owing emi tort tm be theagrt «lee

mr name on the reg-
istry bat to-day |

be mruet take Ht downeteire \ Grink to wy

In strange, touching |

“It was a devil of aewim, Bunny,” |

'

 

}

 

elbow. The dry voice belonged to the
single constable detailed to guard the
treasures of the Room of Gold. Raffles ,
knocked out the constable with a silent,
terrible blow, broke with as little noise as
might be the glass case containing the cup,
put the cup in his hat, put his hat on his |
head, and sauntered with Bunny across the
189 vars of space intervening between the
Hoorn of Gold and the place in the etreet tn
front of the museum where it was possible
to get a cab

*I don't see," eaid Bunny, when his heart
had gone down from his throat, “how you
are going to make anything out of it.”

“It's as thin as paper,” assented Raffles,
“and enamelled like a middle-aged lady of
quality. But, by Jove, it's one of the most
beautiful things I ever saw in my life,
Bunny. I should like to have it for its own
sake, by all the goda!”

But he did not keep it. He wrapped it
up in newspapers, packed it in a biscuit
box and sent it to the Queen. “My dear
Bunny.” he «aid in explanation, *thia is
the jubilee We have been reigned over
for sixty yveare by infinitely the finest
monarch the world has ever seen. The
world ts taking the present opportunity of
signifying the fact for all it is worth. Every
pation is laying of Its best at her royal feet
every class in the community te doting its
little level except ours. All I have done
ia to remove one reproach from our fra-
ternity.”

The package was registered, so there
can be little doubt that the Queen got ft:
and it must be that when she had opened
the box and undone the newspapers and
read the explanation with which Raffles
had been careful to accompany the gift,
sho was astonished, as well as pleased

In *The Fate of Faustina” we read of
the love of Raffles for the beautiful and

 

irreproachable Italian maiden of that
name. Stefano was jealous and elew
Faustina, and Raffles slew Stefano, and
Kaffles punished very severely at that

time the fat Corbucci, of whose thwarted
vengeance and shocking con lusion in
London later we have already read “1
bound and gagged Lim about as tight a-
man was gagged or bound,” said |
Raffles to Bunny, “and I left him in hie
room with the shutter shut and the house
locked up The shutters of that old place
«ix inches thick and the walls nearly
feet that was on the Saturday night,
and be wasn't likely to be missed before
the following Saturday. You never saw
such a sight as he was, with his head split
» by a ruler laid in his mouth and fast
tied there, and his great mustache pushed
up into his bulging eyes But I locked
him up in the dark without a qualm, and I
wished and still wish him every torment of
the damned.”

Probably the tricing up of Raffles by
Corbucei ia not to be thought wonderful
after that. The story does not say whether
Corbueci remained during the entire week
with the ruler in hie mouth and his mus-
tache in his eves: if he did it seems to be
reasonable to think that the desire of ven-
geance should have burned pretty deeply
into bis Italian soul The precariousness
of human life is brought very vividly be-
fore use when we reflect upon what we uld
have happened to Raffles if there had not

ever

were

wy

in tw

come to Bunny, racing from Kensington
t Rloomsbury, that flash of clear and
eplendid insight which impelled him = to
devote a whole sovereign to the stimula-

tion of the cab driver Raffles would have
been no mere if Bunny had been a few
kicking over the clock

seconds later in

4a it was, Raffles was spared for four ad-
ventures further, all of which will be found
by the reader to be exceedingly interest-
ing, and if it really be true, as the last story
declares, that he came to his end in South
Africa, while fighting honorably for his
country, we m yat aay that we are sorry,
though we know very well that persons

owning diamonds and other valuable and
fugitive property in England will be defi-
nitely benefited by reason « f his demise

Louts XVET. to Wisconsin.

It would have Leen a pity, and it would
have been very remarkable as well, if the
list of historical t at present so im
posing in its fat not
to speak of its great interest and rare edu
catvonal had failed to itnelude an
account of the seventeenth Louis of France,
who Was» v brought over to America
after his parents’ heads bad been cut off
In Londen, on the way, as the reader may
very agreeably learn in Mary Hartwell

ve

altneost us extent,

vaiue

cre’

Catherwood's «pir ted and dramatic story,
*Lavarre” «the Bowen Merrill Company,
Indianapolis), Loule was treated cruelly

by the rude Engleh children, one of whom,
Rlake, stuck out her tongue at him,
while others of the prececious mob beat
him and pulled the hair of his little com-
pani bagle de Ferrier, whom he
was to marry at the end of the book

Fagle was seven vears old when the in-
tolerant Fnglieh children pulled her hair
and Louis was nine, and the unhappy ine
deut occurred in the vear 1705 un the shadow
of St. Rarthe! Church a distin
guished if not a eplendid quarter, since
“great worthies, euch as Jobn Milten and,
nearer our own day, Washington Irving
did pot diedain to live in St. Bartholomew's
Touts showed painfully the effects

Sally

mm in exile,

mew's

chime

of bia treatment in the prison of the Temple
lis hoee breeches betraved shrunken

sleeves wrists that wer
dien as with His fine wavy
hair was of a chestnut color and his handa
and feet were small. His features were as
tas Eagle's But while life plaved
vivid expression across her

calves aud his

“ww tumor

pret ten

Unwasingly it

face. Dis muscles never moved. The hazel
eves, bloish around their inte rims, took
cognizance of nothing ” He war at that
period, by reason of bie sufferings, an

ident “Pie left evebrow had been parted
y a cut pow healed and forming a per-
Ty arvat
“Poor bow'* said Bagi, patting him
“Did the wieked mot in Paris hurt your
en Rut she got no answer Neo won-
Wa pead *The Dauphin of France had |
Maen Che sortured vwietim of his eoun-
Bes i iv a who cul hie
‘ w oF wih al and knocked |
i tower slightest) pretent cae |
ad tw wsi t rown memory |
ory Wu preorteths During |
* , at bawe bowen |
be 1 by eve 1“ hel from
t? «? oerened
e* el, amd
. filet .
i “ '
gh asin .
i ' ~ ~e net Pees ’ trte ’
| ewelling with gontmcnmnd | he had died |
ts everything esp phywoe

 

| Marnertovn it
| best dees

vrelly, | or romance apparels w ft out of the reel

and was taken out at last merely a breathing
corpee.”

Tt ts a relief to find him grown to vig-
orous and sane young manhood and diving
deep in the waters of Lake
George—this State, This notwithstanding
that he struck @ rock and cut his head se-
verely, Though he had already lost con-
siderable blood, the doctor who was called
determined to bleed him further. “Er-
nestine, bring the basin,” the doctor said
to the traine| nurse as he took off his coat
and rolled up his shirt sleeves. Louis XVII
himeelf tells the story. He says: “The
conviction of being outraged in my person
came upon me mightily and snatching
the wholesome lancet I turned the epring
upon the doctor. He yelled. I leaped
through the door like a deer and ran bare-
footed, the louse robe curdling above my
knees. I had the fleetest foot among the
Indian racers and was going to throw
the garment away for the pure joy of feel-
ing the air slide past my naked body, when
1 saw the girl who had looked at me during
my firat consciousness.”

This girl was Eagle de Ferrier, who,
though she had not seen him since those
stormy dave in London, years before,
recognized him readily by his scars, address-
ed him a* Sire, and handed over to him @
book whieh had belonged to his mother,
Queen Marie Antoinette. Once, while
travelling with his, cholerio frend, the
English Dr. Chantry, Louis XVII en-
countered in an inn ‘a man, perhaps 4
years old, who sat ih a high-backed settle
at a table near the fire. He was erect and
thin asa lath, long-faced, equare-browed
and pale. His, sandy hair stood up like
the bristles of a brush. Carefully dressed,
with a eword at his side—as many of the
other men had he filled my idea of a sol-
dier; and 1 was not surprised to hear his
friends sitting opposite call him Gen. dack-
son. An Inkstand, a quill and some paper
were placed before him, but he pushed
them aside with his glass of toddy to lift
one long forefinger and emphasize his
talk. He had a resonant, impreasive voice,
with a manner gentle and persuasive,
like a woman's, and he was speaking of
Aaron Burr, the man whore duel had made
such a noise in the newspapers. I might
have given attention to what they were
saving,” writes Louis XVII, “sinoe here
were men from Washington, the very
fountain of government, if Dr. Chantry
had not made me uneasy. He chose the
table at which they were eltting and placed
himeelf in the seat nearest the fire, with
the utmost nicety about his own comfort
He wiped his worn spectacles and pro-
duced his own ink and quill and memo-
randum froma breast pocket. I had begged
the doctor to keep a@ strict account bet ween
us, that I might pay back from my pen-
sion whatever he epent upon me, and with
fine apider-like characters he was pro
ceeding to debit me with the stage fare,
when another quill barred his entrance to
his ink horn. He took off hia spectacles
and glared pink-eyed at the genial gentle
man with sandy upright hair

* “Sir! he cried, ‘that ia my ink"

"Gen dacksen, in talk, did
not notiee Dr. Chantry, who half arose and
shouted directly at his ear

* ‘Sir, that fe me ink!

*He knocked the integloping quill in
the direction of ita owner, The genial
gentleman changed countenance in @ way
to astonish beholders

* ‘Have I disputed ft, oir?’

* ‘No, air, but vou have dipped into it
without asking leave’

* ‘By God, sir, what isa fip'ny-bit's worth
of ink?"

* ‘But it's mine, air

* ‘1 see, air; you're a Yankee, air!

*‘I'm not, air: I'm Englieh—the finest
race in the work!!

*Gen Jackson looked him up and down
as they rose fronting each other, and filled
air with dazzling words I should
judge ®o, sir, by the specimen 1 eee before
me" he said.* But there wae nothing mote
and the doctor and
parted safely

Next to the last page there is a picture
of Fagle de Ferrier clasped in the arms

albeorbed

serious

of Leuis He has just declined an invita
tion to go back to France The messenger
has gone away down the trail The beat
of his horwe's hoofs can still be heard
*FRagie and 1,” writes Leotis “avoided
looking at each other A bird inquired

through the door with inquisitive chirp,
away \ and whirl
and all force, held themselves

and wae loanoes

winds, fire
condensed and quiescent in the still room

Standing with folded arme I faced Eagle,

and she as etonily faced me It was a
stare of unspeakable love that counta a
thousand vears as a day. She shuddered
from head to foot Thus a soul might
ripple in paging from ite body I ‘am
not worth a ingdem"™ her voiwe wailed
through the room I opened my arm
and took her  Voleanoes and whirlwinde,

fire, and all force, were under our feet
We trod them breast to breast. She held
my head between ber hands The tears
streamed down facx Louis’) you
are a King’ you are a King" ”

It may be said of him that he kept his
head and stayed tn Wisconsin But we
sav that be himeelf would have said,
remembering vividly the terrible days
of his childhood as he must have done,
that he etaved in Wisconsin and kept his
heat But his heart he could not keep,
nor was it desirabie to keep a heart which
Fagle de Ferrier etood ready to take in
custody

her

dare

 

Other Books
*Moody’s Manual of Corperation Se-
curities.” edited by John Moody (John

Moody & Co}, when it appeared for the
firet time last year, proved to be a very
convenient and useful compilation of
authoritative statisties The second an-
nual number for 1901 is a great improve-
ment on the first. By the use of trpo
graphical ingenuity and thinner paper
nearly double the amount of information
is contained in a volume of the same size
apparently as the earlier one, though it
contains 400 more pages To the atatietios

about industrial and manufacturing cor
porations has been added information
about electric railroads, steam railroads
gas and electric light companies and
others. The manual bids fair to de
before long information about «a vor

porations} whosefmecurities are dealt in in
the principal markets of the United States
It is a good idea of Mesers [TP © Heat

& Co. to publish for home reading a lot
books that ewery child should read Here
we have in “The Home Library” Kush
"The King of the Golden River and
Thackeray s “The Rowe and the Ring
and Miss Edgeworth’. “Waste Not, Want
Net,” and a later clastic, Mre Fwings
*The Story of a Short Life" To be sure

are etited
test the

chidren even

thew aryl

f

with tnytrodwet som

eotes stones cannot be «periiet

'
Miuore

ries of I

teow mtach: treat riedt

the eual reading iweek in “St

meer Life.” by Plorenee Base Philip (itlbert

the nurwery i rather eta

Chapters on Anwnalk

+ girit

ean ' ‘
WV trtes !

fread from

hand for the average bevy
Wa boner

The (Cnerwde of ‘

ota an tw
setae and cing
A child that

Slak

rar ' peepee out what | ’

ee
a

the General |

i

  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
 

LAZARRE is one of the most
charming romances written in
many a year Its climaxes are
dramatic Its characters are drawn
with consummate skill They’so
fasten your attention that you live
with them hope with them suffer
with them and love with them

New York Prew

Shakespeare had better leave him alone
till it can be trusted, with unabridged
editions

From Messrs. Eaton & Mains we have
likewise received a batch of books for chi!
dren “When the River Rose” by Jane Fills
Joy, “Rosey Posey's Mission” by Louise
R. Baker, *Beppino,” by Felicia Buttz
Clark, “Tho Minister's Twins” by Frank
E. Graeff, “The Upstairs Family” by Mra
O. W. Scott, “Tommy Tucker” by J. ©
Cowdrick, “The Littl Maid of Doubting
Castio” by Mary E. Q Brush and *Ruby,.
Pearl and Diamond* by Emma 5S. Allen

Mesers. Thomas Y. Crowell & Co, too,
send a heap of little books that seem to
be intended for voung people. They in-
clude *How Dexter Paid His Way,” Kate
Upson Clark; “Little Sky High Below
Staire,* Hezekiah Butterworth, © The Little
Cave Dwellers,” Fla Farman Pratt; “Little
Dick's Son,” Kate Gannett Wells, “Marcia
and the Major,” J. L. Harbour, “The Filat-
iron and the Red Cloak,” Abby Morton
Diaz, “The Children of the Valley,” Harriet
Prescott Spofford, and “In the Poverty
Year,” Marion Harland. There are also
two booklets by college Presidents, “Prac
tical or Ideal” by President Taylor of Vas
sar and “The Greatness of Patience” by
President Hadley of Yale. |

 

  

100TH. THOU :

pe f ie lestnlot < x ¢ "|
By dAVAN CG BAM mEL eRe
Aumo? OLESEN HOLDEN
fight Drawings by P.C TORN. Price $1.50

= oc et

BOSTON TRANSCRIPT SAYS:

M® “ BACHELLER
4 kept fully up t
standard of ‘Eben Ho'd
in 'D'ri and I’ In and of
itsel(it is a captivating story,’
full of life and action and
human nature, and will com
mend itself to every reader
of the higher class of fiction

———S=

   
   
    
    
   
     
    

has
the

en

iS

   
 

     

=

Lotbrep Pebiisbiog Company, Bestee

[FRENCH
KOOKS

We have also received

*The Roman Theocracy and the Re-

public, 1846-1849." Ro M Johnston (Mao-

millane }

“First Across the Continent.* Noah
Brooks, ( Charles Seribner's Sona.) RERT. SOS
*The French Revolution and Keligious / \

UNION SQUARE, New York

Reform.” William Milligan Sloane. (Charles
Serilner's Sone}

“The Miracles of Missions. Fourth |
Wagnatte -_ T. Fern. Gant 6 | “Read 6th story in Small, Maynard & Company s
“tie cavaiier.* George W. cable. | 1‘A HOUSE PARTY’”
in the NY. SUNDAY NERALD to-morrow

(Charlies Scribner's Sone)
“Warwick of the Knobe*
Licvd. (Dodd, Mead @& Co)
*The World and Winstow ° Edith
Heurietta Fowler (Dodd, Mead & Co.)
“Love, the Harvester Mas Pember-
ton. (Dodd, Mead & Co)
“When We Destroyed the Gaspee.” James |

John Uri
|| $1,000 PRIZE FOR THE RIGHT GUESS.

 

napect my .
GREAT BooksHor,
bugiand

 

 

Ous (Dana, Bates & Co}
*The Story of Manhattan.” Charies | Roswell Field. (WilliamS Lord, Evanstor

Hematreet. (Charles Scribner's Sons) = A Japanese Nightingale” Onoto Wa-
“amos Judd.” J. A. Mitchell. (Charles | tanna (Harpers }

Scribner's Sons..) “The Spanish-American War’ Gen
*The Ow! and the Woodchuck ° Wil- | Rus NA Alger CHarpers)

liam Harold Neidlinger and Walter Bob- *“Denslow's Mother Goose." Edited and

fiiuetrated by W. W. Densiow, (MeClure,

 

 

bett. (Rand, MeNally & Co.)
*Plizabeth and Her German Garden * | Phillips & Cod
Illustrated by Alberta Hall, (The Henne “The House With the Green Shutters *
berry Company) George Douglas. (McClure, Phillips &
“History of Intellectual Development | Co}
on the Lines of Modern Evolution.” Vol “The Railroad. Storles from MoClure's *
lil John Beattie Crozier (Longmans, | (Me Clure, Phillips & Co
Green & ¢ ; -
4 History of the Precious Metals.” GIRL, MESSENGERS.
— Del ee M on (The Cambridge | Western Union Manager in Bridgeport
a othe i ouarel a ‘Book *" WL. Tom- Tries the Papertment
lins. (C. © Birehard & Co., Boston.) BRIDGRrORT ( Oct 11 -The W
“Papa Bouchard.” Molly Elliot Sea- | °" Union Telegraph Company beg
well (Charles Scribner's Sons.) experimenm here \ eutet G
“Civics for New York State * Charles peng oo me ae ae e Daye o6 mame
DeForest Hoxie. (American Book Com- | ;,,. sion th oa pene Sn iat wkeeniien
pany ' “ae prt ! work t non s wa
“Constantinople and = Ite Problems * | all the after: vering Messages. 4
Henry Otis Dwight, LL. D. (Fleming H. | “ . en yy Y sah wat
Revell Company.) 1 wa sas is 7 oe .
“Last Words (Real and Traditional) of | + » and if the experiment is a su
Distinguished Men and Women.” Frederi: he w further increase the number
Rowland Marvin. (Fleming HH. Revell to secure | ed Manager St
“David, the Poet and King® Newell w) + girl messengers are sent, at
Dwight Hillis, (Fleming H. Revell Com- | rra ' spond to calls f
pany} | places as sa a
*The Sunny Side of Christianity ° Charles | i de
H Parkhurst, DD. (Fleming H Revell | WARRANT FOR CALLAN,

Company} | Poticeman Must Answer for Alleged Brutal

 

 

 

 

“My Host the Enemy and Other Tales ~ Assault on Capt. O'Rourke
Franklin Welles Calkins. (Fleming H _-
| Cart Michael Fo O'Rourke
Revell Company } War ‘eran of ! t
° War vete wit \ n A
“Arta Under Arma An University Man) ou ie a
. ° . bene ne rrant is
in Khaki Maurice Fitzgibbon (long: |» : \ :
wertaar ek “
mans, Green and Co} f with fracturing his te two pla
“Errors in Science Teaching ° C. Stuart | his clu
Gager « W Bardeen) To the astoniahinent of Capt O'R
“Forgive Us Our Trespasses ° Mother and a friends, Deputy Pollow Cor
Mary Lovela (Benzinger Br ehetaiens ™ ane ‘appr tie «ae
“A Paladin in Khaki” HS Canfield. | Yesterday Capt) O'Rourke ||
(Jamieson-Higgins Company warrant for Callan's arrest f Maas
“For Love or Crown Arthur W March- trate Steers as ‘ ™ ewes
of r beef bree ' '
mont (Frederick Ao Stokes Company) Soon cad < a 7 , i eee 7
“Outlines of General Biology " Charles | y "yen arraiqned in t ; amt pA a ae :
W Hargis, Pho Dp «CW Bardeen) to-day
“The Modern Missionary Century Viewed . : ”
ana Cycle of Divine Working * Arthur 7 Bnd Absentee Landiordism
Pierson (The Baker a Tavior Company } | A new Declaration Independence ta
"An Alphabet of Hirds ° Gertrude | beng sgn t ay The manera are th
Keeley lan Higgins Company ) acl’-respecting New Yorkere who don't want
“An Alphabet of Wild Flowers" Ger ’ abacntes ndlordiam, The places
trude Keeley Glamiteser Higgina Com- | reqgustr nore open from 7 A. M. unt
pany) we M
The W ¢ Character * Julien Gor 7 ~ >
: om . e _—— ' Partition of Christian Felgenspan’s Patate
‘ ‘ } oust i ' tit ‘ ‘ *)
Some Woren | Have Known" Maar- | The partition of the estate of the lat
ten Maa CAppletoma) | Christian Feigenspan oof Newar wh
The Renefact reas By the author of | “et in Apr Ww, Was ordered vesterd
*Fliral» ‘ Her German Gardet View ha r ms * 1
M ane t fa reper le by woot
ha » tort (Dane Fetes & Co) |! et by! wt tt ye ft I "
“1 Gir Helose Fewina Hersey 7 ‘y $1 cu <a
. M all eae mi ¢ ‘ va $7 ‘
(Sma i; sisting chitetly f k in the |}
4 Gang a | } Gelett Burgess hrewing ¢ ‘ Newark, 7
«sr Ma $4 Co) among t : ‘a re
<vivial The Story of an Amertear wna C. Kuser, ¢ W Fes
» wAerion 3 :
‘ te } aivt Froersaet Str. ' : 4 Paw t ' . 7
en recwive wh a
M nl ewtat 1 Newark Jeers ‘
ea ne A Stucde of the Pr tm st hi 4 Ni
4 re i therr Relat — -
! Ralph Adame Cram (Sma i Art Sales and Exhidition
Mas ‘ |
“7 twird’s Lack, and Other Fireside |
4 T Pulller-4 Chars Ba ~
Tal tom (Chart ngs & Co.,
Farewell end (Other Vernnn* | 9! and 3 Lifth Avenue
} and t j
‘ et (Longmans. Green & Co WHE SHLL AT ALCTION
‘ f Lewethoms | MIONDAY Oct. 14, and followin
| " Nigel oly lenges, | days, at So'ciock each day,
‘ a4 | Misceoliancous BOOKS, including
Me ledv’s fWas Adeline fer- | Ceneral Literature, Americans
. yu ’ Ceneniogy, Local Histories, Ear
on : ; - n Newspapers, inciuding many rare
— . _ and desirabe works
ia lianas V. Orwwell & | Baie of Boots every afternoen ©
“The Passing of Mothers Porwait * cept Saturday.