PIRATES AND
Unique exhibition o

and described

XXX

 

~ VOL.

7 DOCTOR WON'T ©
® «ACT TOSAVEA
| DEFECTIVEBABY

Chicago Surgeon Bases His
Course on Welfare .
of the Race.

 

 

 

 

; LEFT TO NATURE WITH
CON SENT OF PARENTS

 

Ciicaco, Nov, 16.—In the interest of
the human race and more particularly
that of American manhood, the attend-
ing surgeon, Dr. H. J. Haiselden, de-
clated to-day that he will not operate on
a baby boy, 4 days old, who is in the
German American Hospital here.

Dr. Halselden explaina that the boy
iy defective and will probably remain so

\ as long as his life lasts. The infant is

1 believed to be dying and there is no
4 doubt that his life could be prolonged if
~ an operation were performed.
of The position taken by Dr. Haiaselden
a @ith the consent of the baby’s parents
7” in that nature should be allowed to take
> her course,
ny No other doctor at the hospital will
« fatervene and no nurse will attempt to
at alter the programme, which is exciting
= the keenest interest al the hospital. The
2- expectation is that the baby will die
within a few days or a week at the
latest.
=
E The Mother's Resignation.

Near the i..fant boy lies his mother,
who relles on the wisdom of the surgeon
and says resignedly;

“I've given the doctor permission to
do as he wishes with my boy. I don't
want baby to live. I want him to die.
Dying now is better than living with a
crippled brain and body. I wouldn't
visit such suffering upon myself or my
busband and surely nof upon my very
@wn child.”

Dr. Haiselden, upon being interviewed
garding the case, frankly admitted
that he could save the infant's life by
an operation, but that he does not wish
the child to add its weight to the already

the Grolier Club fully pictured

next Sunday.

 

IIl.—NO. 78.

prises abroad and after the French Gov-
!
|
|

  

HIGHWAYMEN.

f buccaneer lore at

in THE SUN

 

 

eee sateen og

 

is better for f¥e human race that de-
fectives should not live, But the morat
idea is that life can be taken away only
by the One who gave it and should
be prolonged at every coat.”

Miss Jane Addams, head of Hull
House, sald: “What right has this
doctor to take a human life? No human
being has a right to take the Iife of
another, whether defective or not, espe-
clally a little baby. very being is
born into this world with the inherent
Tee to have a chance to live.

 

pod should be considered most. The
endency of modern thought is that it

“I do not know this physician, but |

| it would make no difference if he were
the greatest in the world, and all the
other great physicians agreed with him,
the letting that baby die when its life
could be saved is a crime against the

race inatead of th
claims.” e benefaction which he

ARTIST MOSLER BADLY HURT.

Falls From Trolley Car and Has
Skall Fractered.

Henry Mosler, a genre painter whose
Works of art are known on two con-
tinents, fell from a Sixth and Amster-
dam avenue car at Eighty-ninth street
and Amsterdam avenue last night, strik-
ing his head on the pavement and frac-
turing his skull. He wae taken to the
_ Hospital in a serious con-

on.

Mr. Mosler was returni
in ah eee ng to his home

 

 

his studio at Seventh avenue
sixth street.

According to passengers, he attempted
to step from the car before it had en-
tirely stopped.

Henry Mosler was one of the first
American artists to achleve success in
Europe. After he had won medals and

and Fifty-

ernment had recognized his worth in
1879 by purchasing his picture, “Le
Retour,” for the Museum of the Luxem-
bourg, he came back to America and set-
tled again in New York city to continue
his painting.

Mosler was artist-correspondent for
Harper's Weekly during the civil war
before he went to Europe to study under
Herbert.

He received prizes and medals from
the Paris Salon ant the Paris Exposi-
tions and from the Royal Academy in

Munich. He was made chevulier of the

Legion d'Honneur and officer d'Acad- | Of freight cars lined up in the Erie yards

emie.
of the National Academy of Design.

 

HUGHES FIGHTS T0 KEEP’

OFF NEBRASKA BALLOT

 

| Justice to Demand Withdrawal

of Name—May Have to
Appeal to Court.

 

|  WAsHINoton, Nov. 16.—Associate
i Justice Hughes of tne Supreme Court
will demand the withdrawal of the pe-
filed by Nebraska Republicans
| putting his name on the primary ballot
, 48 a candidate for the Republican nom-
ination for the Presidency.

| H. L. Greene, Justice Hughes's sec-
| retary, already has called upon Secre-
itary of State Pool of Nebraska to mail

The child is sensible only to discomfort, | him a copy of the form of petition filed |

‘in that State putting Mr. Hughes for-

When that arrives the next

Eighty-ninth street from |

|

|

 

In 1896 he won the Clark prize | at Weehawken, N. J., about seventy-five

 

|

|
;

   

     

SUSPECTED IN |
FREIGHT YARD FIRES

 

Torch Applied Three Times to| Wailers Are Told to Let the| Baron‘ St. Davids Arraigns|

Erie Cars—500 Horses
for Allies Near.
|

 

DR. GORICAR IN THE CITY

 

fession—U. S. Officials Re-
fuse to Extend Leniency.

 

FEDERAL LAW NEEDED |
TO PUNISH PLOTTERS |

WasuHinotox, Nov. 16.—It was
disclosed after to-day's Cabinet
meeting that the Attorney-General
probably will recommend jn his an-
nual report the amending of the
Sherman anti-trust law so as to
cover inder restraints of trade
plots to blow up munition factories. | |
The Federal authorities have found | |
that the Unjted States statutes are
not sufficiently broad to permit.

|
|
|
'
|
|

|

i

them to deal adequately with these

violations of law and that de- }/
pendence at present must be put
chiefly in ftate laws. The view
here is that a Federal statute is
likely to be much more effective.

Three attempts were made within an
hour last night to set fire to two strings

 

feet from the Erie Rallroad freight shed
and about 100 feet away from a corral
containing 500 horses waiting shipment
to the Allies, The watchmen who dis-
covered the separate fires also spied
three men about the same time fleeing
from the yards.* The watchmen pursued
and fired several revolver shots, but the
fugitives escaped in King's Woods, on
the bluff beyond the freight terminal.

The first fire in two cars was noticed |
shortly after 7:30 o'clock. The volun-!
teer fire force in the yard put out the |
blaze, but a little while later another car |
burst into flames in several places. The !
third car was {n the second of the two |
strings, each one of which was between |
twenty and thirty cars long. The fire-,
men then discovered that waste from the |
journals of the cars had been soaked in |
oll, placed in the corners.ef.emply cars |
and ignited. The cars in which the fires ,
were located were empty, but some of |

| the others in the two strings were loaded

And pretty soon nature {Ward as a candidate in the primary |

“You do not call this taking a human | step will be a forinal demand by Justice |

| Hughes that bis mame be removed from)

| the ballot, on the ground that it was
| placed there without his knowledge or

7? large burden of defectives in the ce |
elp “I'm answerable to my own con- |
for wience,” said Dr. Halselden. “The little
ves boy's physical flaws, which consist of 4 |
na’ number of pather unusual ailments, |
| Would undoubtedly make him an invaltd
es. @uring his first year and probably aj}
the defective later, if an operation were per- |
tea’ formed to save his life. ution
“And so I'm doing what the parents
lay bave given me the option of doing and
4 what it would ¢ake a pretty stiff argu-
aia ment to keep me from doing. I'm al-
lowing nature to take her course with
enn the boy. We are feeding him some. |
‘ted There is no brain development ¢ -
ers ier suffering. i Bae:
C will make blank her mistake.” | contests.
ren fe?” was asked,
sta. » “Absolutely not,” replied the surgeon.
win “Many say arbitrarily that life is life
ere @nd should be preserved, no matter what | Consent.
by @e cost, but I can’t see the argument

\ in the vast debt which would accrue in
‘ stitutions wer. this argument followed,
end if having been given this case to
decide 1 should allow the child to live I
would consider myself guilty against the

race. As it is I consider this a favor
to the race,”

 

— “Do you think what you are doing is
frequently done?”
Many Precedents,
r “Many times—but quietly. Many
things go on in the medical world which
ip @re done solely for good, but which

wight be condemned by so-called moral-
fete and self-named social saviors, I
have even taken the sterilization of sub-
normal girls and boys into my own
hands—of course with the parents’ per-

in so doing.”

‘What makes you so fearless about
Confessing it?”

“I'm conscious’ of no fearlessness, I
fest feel I'm right. That's all, What
more can any human being do, trying
for conscientiousness in duty?”

mission—and 1 know I have been right |

A despateh from Lincoln
| torney-General Reed
under the law of the State Justice
| Hughes cannot withdraw his name of
‘his own act but must resort to court
proceedings to have it stricken from
| the ballots. Some Nebraskans here were
inclined to-day to dowbt this interpre-
tation of the law, They were of the
opinion that a person named as @ can-

quotes At-
of Nebraska that

didate without his consent may with-
draw. If the Attorney-General, how-
fever, should render his opinion to the

| contrary it would probably require some
‘sort of a court test.
| It is the Progressive wing of the
Republican party that has fled his
‘name in Nebraska.

| GIRL SHOOTS WHITE DEER.

“Ghost of the Adirondacks” Eluded
Hanters for Many Years.

The “white ghost of the Adirondacks,”
a white deer, whom the hunters year
jafter year have tried to bring down but
whose fleetness has enabled it to elude

 

|

| this elty yesterday

|
|

|

|

‘If you had been called in to attend | them, was shot throught the heart on)

this child, gay at the age of 7 or 8, at
any age where he would know his suf-

  

fering, would you do the same thing
pur |p the same circumstances?" was
“She
yer Dr Haiselden though a moment and
aioWered “Let's put it this way: I'd
em let nature do her best to save the child.
’ Aud 1 could, of course, give something
to quiet the pain.”
s of Do you know of any cases wherein
ee dhysiclans have given drugs which have
Ss Caused the death of the sufferer?”

“lL know of cases of disease for which
there could be no hope of a cure,
know of such a case in which the phy-
fclan, having given half a grain of mor-
Dhine to subdue frightful pain, took a
chance at either the relief or temporary
Unoonsclousness by administering an-
omer half grain, or death—and death

    

 

    

won. But the physician did not pur-
erse Povely couse death. He could not tell
. an wha me tree Vom -
‘ ase Causes a r
vice Ne:
ews of the programme with regard
| ex- : the baby at the German American
pita ‘used a flurry among the
rour members ifthe Anti-Cruelty League and
" the Illinois Humane Society, both of
"Lich organizations are strong in Chi-
rg {\ormal meetings were held and
: € position the respective leagues should
ring take was discussed.
_ Threats of court action were hinted
99 > toe reporters were surprised to
s Niteeive early in the evening a mild state-
* ment hy George A, Scott, secretary of
sale inate Humane Society, who was
: 'o be speaking for both of .the
; in human: P *

organizations,
y fis statement puts the two aasocia-
aone in line with Dr, Haiselden, Other
Sunbers of the Illinois Humane Society
peperted Mr, Scott's statement, except
oq Some considered it should not be
wha. rosative of one doctor to decide
t persons should die as defectives,
ee that « board should be appointed.
# OWever, the staff at the German Amer-
Hospital was considered by some
4 sufficiently expert board for all
’ i nee of humanity, and law.
“g Af; Scott's statement follows:
‘We tind no law that can compel par-
ja or duy one else to have an opera-
berformed on a child, But in case
b a minor operation to improve the
palth of u child, there is a law. Since
he child is in a hospital in thia Ine
— and is being fed and attended,
ere is no cruelty attached,
" As to the question whether the life
pe the ‘nfant should be saved-—whether
| ~e of not-that I's a matter of
vidun! opinion. The mother's feel-

 

   
  
  
  

|"hursday last by Miss Marion Bea-
|trice Fuller, daughter of Dr. William
Henry Fuller of De Kalb, Il. Miss
Fuller brought the body of the deer to
the Hotel St, Louls, where she is stop-
ping, and sent it to a taxidermist, Sho
will probably present it to the Museum
of Natural History,

Prof. Crane, head of the department
of mammals of the museum, told Miss
Fuller yesterday that a white deer js
very rare, “The museum,” he said,
“Was presented with onv some twenty
| youre ago, but it was a poor specimen.”

SENATOR THOMAS IN BIG SUIT.

| Sooners of Mishandling Estate of
Which He Is Administrator,

, Cororapo SprinGs, Nov, 16,-—Senator
Charles 8 Thomas and the Colorado
| Title and Trust Company of this city
| are defendants in a suit involving $100,-
000 filed here in the District Court, The
defendant la Minnie Barndollar against
\the estate of Henry Hall.
' Among other allegations the papers
Aled allege that Senator Thomas as ad-
ministrator of the Hall estate received
| $46,800 from various sources us assets,
‘including the sale of real estate, and has
| paid $45,000 to persons not entitled to it,

 

 

 

KINGSBURY ILL AFTER

MEAL, | >!y Walter E. Scholz, go free.

| out to-day,
| laski, chief of the Investigators of the

with freight, and the shed near by also
contained auto parts and other freight |
piled high ready for shipment. |

Thomas MoGuitre, one of ten watch- |
men who guard the corral since some of |
the horses shipped here recently from
the West died, presumably of poison, |
first saw the three men leaving the yard
and he led the futile chase after them. |
Within the last nine months 28,000 |
horses have been shipped to Europe from |
the Weehawken corrals, The railroad
watchmen called upon th» Weehawken
police for aid later in the evenine

Dr. Gorlear in the City.

Dr. Joseph Gorlcar, the Austrian ex-!
Consul who has made a series of charges |
against German and Austrian diplomats
and consuls {n this eountry, arrived in|
afternoon, He came |
prepared to submit his proofs of his}
charges of the pro-Teutonle spy system |
and activities in this country to the Fed- |
eral authorities. |

He telephoned to several of his friends |
in the course of the afternoon and then |
announced that he would be tied up in|
a conference last night lasting through- ;
Later he met A. Bruce Bie-

Department of Justice, and William J.)
Flynn, chief of the secret service, who
has charge of the neutrality investiga- |
tions at the behest of President Wilson. |
In the conference were also William N.
Offiey, New York head of the Depart-
ment of Justice investigators, and John
Rathom of Providence.

Dr, Gorear began his etory of Ger-
man and Austrian activities, He told
what he knew to support his statement
that there were 3,000 German and Aus-
trian spies in this country, connecting |
them with plotg to blow up munition
ships, munition plants and preventing
war supplies from reaching the Allies,

H. Snowden Marshall, United States |
Attorney, did mot have a representative |
at the conference. It is expected, howe
ever, that much of what Dr, Goricar has
to aay will be presented to him soon,
Dr. Goricar charges that Capt. Boy-Ed, |
Capt. Von Papen and Consul Von Nuber |
all were active In this city in promoting
activities in behalf of the Central Pow- |
ers. Naturally those things would come
under the United States Attorney's juris-
diction.

Fails to Buy Leniency,

Lieut. Robert Fay cannot hurdle legal |
trenches with the same celerity with,
which, according to his assertion, he
led attacks on the French in the Cham- |}
pagne district. He was made to realize |
that fact yesterday when he found that
H. Snowden Marghall, United States
District Attorney, and his assistant, John
Cc. Knox, would not agree to Fay's hope |
of letting him off with two years in;
the Federal prison and letting the other |
defendants in the case, excepting pow: |

From the Federal authorities it was}
learned that Fay's offer in substance

Commissioner, Wife and Dr. Wile! amounted to this:
Suffer From Suspected Ptomaines. |

| Commissioner of Charities John A.
Kingsbury and Mrs. Kingsbury and Dr.
Ira 8. Wile of the Education Board were
il] yesterday as a result of

 

“T want to plead guilty. Scholz will
plead guilty, I will get two years in}
jail, My story is that Scholz and I)
planned this whole thing. Nobody else
is guilty, Max Breitung, Dr. Herbert

eating | Kienzle, Englebert Bronkhorst and Paul |

chicken eandwiches served Monday eve-! fpaeche had nothing whatever to do with |

‘ning at a meeting of scientists at the
| Museum of Natural History, The trouble
\is thought to be ptomaine poisoning, but
none js in any danger,

One of the sandwiches from the
game plate was taken by Health Com-
missioner Haven Emerson to the Health

ment laboratory for analysis to
agcertain if it was in fit condition to be
served at the meeting.

CENSOR STOPS SHAW’S PLAY.

Drama Dealing With Recruiting
suppressed in Osbiin,

LOnpon, Nov. 16,.—-"0'Flaherty, V. C.,”
the new play by George Bernard Shaw
on recruiting, which was to have been

ueed at the Abbey Theatre, in Dub-
in, fag been suppresned by the censor.
'

 

 

 

the scheme.”

The Federal authorities feel that
they have a strong case not only against |
Fay and Scholz but against all the
other defendayts, and they have docu- !
mentary proof as well, They even have |
damaging statements from the other de- |
fendants, excepting possibly Breitung. |

“Fay came down here to-day," sald |
Mr. Marshall, “and told us that, ,he had |
requested to talk to us under a inisap- |
prehension. He thought that he would
get only two years in prison, Mr, Knox |
reraindged him that on Mondsy se bod
told Fay that hie total punishment conta
be twelve years and Fay acknowledged

Continued on Third Page.

 

FOR YOUR THANKHGIVING TURKEY
w i ertou "arn sausage meat.
ise doviclous. You try it—adv.

'

_NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 17,

| That

| military

{| the

PEACE ADVOCATES IN
GERMANY ASSAILED

 

British, in Straits, Do
the Pleading.

FOES SAID TO BE

 

SAGER

 

1915.— copyright, 1916, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

——— a

 

 

 

'GEN. FRENCH’S WORK
ATTACKED IN LORDS'

 

 

Conduct of British Head-
quarters in Fraace,

 

THINKS VALOR WASTED

 

Special Cable Déspatch to THE Svs.

fends Commander. | just received an account of the sinking

{Of the Ancona from Dr. Cecile Greil, the

 

‘
Special Cable Despatch to Tuk Sey. | : . | New York woman saved from the dis-
BERLIN, via London, Nov. 16.—-Al-} one —— Sopot fey | aster and now at Bizerta. The nar-
though newaepapers of the empire devote! Lonpon, Nov. 16.--What Baron News| rative of the survivor is as followa:
much space to comment on the speeches | ton, on behalf of the Government, Ge! “Lunch was just finished. It was
of Lords Courtney and Loreburn tn the! scribed as “remarkable and sensational | agon, We were five first cabin pase

British House of Lords, which are taken
here to tndicate the existence in Great
Britain of a strong desire for peace,

much of the peace talk in Germany has |

suddenly stopped.

A meeting held in Leipsic was strongly

condemned by the
blatt in the following language:

“In Letpsic last Saturday and Sunday
the German Peace Society held delibera-
tions.

ing against us are unblessed with such
coteries of men of impoverished men-
tullty and narrow political conceptions
who, while the Fatherland is fighting
for its life, prattle of pence, interna-

tional understandings, the Imitation of}

armaments, oppression of treacherous
bloodthirsty Armenians and the danger-
ous militarizing of our youth

Calla Peace Talk Twaddle.

“Such twaddle originates ever in Ger-
many only, but fortunately these male
and female old women are appropriately
headed by Prof, Quidde, who twenty-one
years ago flung the Caligula pamphlet

at the head of our Kaiser and hfs staf!
and Was subsequently properly muzzled |

by the Lelpsic general commander,

“We are aware that such utterances, |

which furnish our foes with a false pie-
ture of our people and the conditions in
the Fatherland, proceed from a

small group of melancholy freaks, All

the same, we must rid ourselves of these)

{diots, because they are dangerous
“The English and French, themselves
panting with lolling tongues for peace,
might take them seriously as spokes-
men for the German nation.”
“We in Hamburg.” declares the Ham-

burg Nachrichten, epeaking of this same)

enemy better
German citl-

matter, “know our real
than any other body of
zens, because we have been in contact
with Englishmen for many decades.
is why we have a keener appre-
ciation than other Gennans of English

warfare, which is waged not with weap-,

ons as between man and man, but with
trickery, dishonorable attacks, defeuce-
less lies and deceit, holding
too low oy despicable for destroying Ger-
manism.

“For this we shall never forgive the
English, hence too we in Hamburg will

fight tuoth and nail against any dirty
peace with England.”

Says the Cologne Gacette regarding
peace talk

“These volce) one must hot overes-
timate; also one must not underes-

timate the show of language of our vic-

torious arms, which is beginning to
make itself heard even in the ranks of
our enemies. The people are beAnning
to suy openly what they long thought,
;that the robber assault upon us has!
failed. It needed the dark times through
which England is*passing to ripen ree-

ognition of this fact
The Lokalonzeiger says that a gentle
whisper of @ longing for peace hus been
produced by England's diplomatic and
failures,
The Tageblatt has « column article on
two peace talkers in the British
House of Lords, It expresses regret that
a discussion of them is impossible in
Germany.

Sees British Desire for Peave,
The
clearly glean from speeches in the Eng-
ish Parllament an eager desire for an

‘early peace and pained regret that Pre- |
not |

mier Asquith’s Government does

bring the country nearer this peace,
“Such utterances,” it says, “one can

Weloome a8 an awakening to knowledge

‘and reason, but there can be no greater

mistake than to utter shrieks of triumph
about them, as they are a confession of
Kenglish weakness and despair.”

The North German Gazette says that
as long as English leaders think that
they can defeat or destroy Germany, as
long as the English people, in spite of
their disappointments, stand by their
leaders, this madness indicated by
speeches like those of Lord Lorebornu
and Lord Vourtney will unfortunately
remain like voices in the desert,

The Deutsche Vages-Zeitung says:
"The German people are not tired of
the war. The German people will not
sheathe the sword until their atms are
secured not only on the eastern front
but on the western front as well.
empty oompromise is worthlese paper
Treaties cannot bring them security,”

FOOD RIOTS IN GERMANY?

300 Killed ip Clash With Troops,
Says Rotterdam Report,
Special Cable Despatch to Tuk Sus

Lonpon, Nov. 17.--The Daily Mail's
Rotterdam correspondent says:

“Travellers from Kerlin’ report re-
newed serious food riots in which troops
were used on November 13, Many
rioters were killed and wounded. One
report places the number at 200."

 

 

DISLIKES U. 8. PREPAREDNESS,

Lord Rosebery Says American iden
Adda to World Purdenn,
Special Cable Deapatch to Tur Sun
Lonpon, Novy, 16.-—Lord Rosebery,
presiding at the Rhodes lecture at the
University of London to-night, said that
he foresaw that one result of the gen-

eral distrust created by Prussia's re-
pudiation of her signature to treaties
would be to compel other nations in,
the future to rely on force to insure |
peace,

“IT know of nothing more discourag-
ing,” he sald, “than the announcement |

that the one great state in the world
which is so remote and so powerful that
one might think it might free itself
from the hideous bloody burden of war

is about to embark upon a huge armada |

destined to equal our own, or be second
only to our own, which means that the
burden wiil continue on all
nations and increase exactly In propor-
tion to the fleet of the United States,

“Tt is a disheartening prospect that
the United States, so great a country
and so remote from the European con-
flict, should voluntarily in these days
take up a burden which after the war
will be found almost te Rave broke
our backs,”

Hambura Fremen- |

The society is German, as a mat-|
| ter of course, because the nations Aunts | returning soldier say a good word

very:

no Means |

Vorwaerts declares that one can)

An |

the other!

| charges,” were made to-day in the House!
of Lords by Baron St. Davids against
the composition and work of the British
headquarters staff in France.

Baron St. Davids declared

sengers, four Italiane and myself,

|

(ship's doctors, The captain was absent.
|No one had seen him since dinner the
evening before, when he was hurriedly

| ‘ 8
staff of the Guards division and {T | summoned from the table by an urgent
Douglas Haig’s staff went into the/

; trenches and saw what was being done. |
j They were soldiers.

that “the

call to the bridge.

“We were quietly finishing coffee when
But as regards the/y peard @ rushing of persons outside the
headquarters staff, he had not heard one dining room and the machinery slowing
| down,

N 1, who were put in the!
len, he saic¢ p i from the table and, not realizing what

latter staff were of rank and position |

;and money, also men who had left the | Was wrong, I started for the fore deck.

army heed politics or business or to amuse | Almost immediately I heard the whizzing

| theme va of a shell, which, with a tremendous
» believ ome had been put on the : °

oo a é crash, fell on the deck aft. Looking out

| staff because they were able to give a}
good racing tip. He admitted that it j to sea I eaw clearly the outlined huge

sounded incredible, but asked what! submarine dangerously near.

other qualifications they had. He had |

been told that the headquarters staff! No Waraing to Stop.

numbered 169, even as ane ce (ty “| could see ten or a dozen men, The!

was tive or six times as large as Gem dense boat had four huge guns on!

| Joftre 8, her conning tower and another on the!

| Women at Headquarters, | fore part. [| was unable to discern

| : ‘ clearly the flag, but saw it had horl-
He had also heard hints that Str Jona | zontal red and white stripes. I saw and

Frency had not chosen some of the mem- | heard enough to know we were being

|bers of his staff, but that they were | phombarded. We received no warning to

; forced upon him. is stop.

/ “At the beginning of the war,” he de- | “The first shot crashed into the fore

that there were! uct of the ship, shattering the bridge

jand deck. The ship immediately stowed
down, Shots followed in rapid succes-
sion, although the Ancona stopped imme-
diately, Huge timbers were falling. Part
of the rail near me gave way. The first
person I saw killed was a man who fell
into the sea with the rail.

“All was confusion and panic.
one lost his head. 1 saw dozens fall
dead and wounded on the deck. I
mained perfectly calm and started to go
down to the second class deck, where
| had deposited all my money with the
purser, but had ditfleulty in getting
down, because the stair was partly shot
away and debris obstructed the floor,

“When I reached the purser's office
1 found him lying dead before his desk.
The second cabin was evidently the
place where the fret shot struck with

clared, “it was said
women at headquarters.

}/ “Their names were never given, but it
is certain that an effort was made to
hide the facts.”

Baron St. Davids quoted a statement
of a civilian friend who had been to see
a staff officer on business. He went
early, but was unable to see the officer
until 10:30 A. M, when the officer ex-
plained his lateness by saying that he
wus kept up late playing bridge whist.

Baron St, Davids attacked the staff
in connection with the Loos battle of
September 25. He sald it would have
been a victory except that owing to bad
staff work reenforcements were unavall-
able. The same thing happened on sev-
eral other occasions, he added, with the
result that the valor of the soldiers was
thrown away with horrible loss of Ife.
, “Ie it mot time,” he asked, “to remove

» General who was never successful the greatest intensity, The whole part
and to give the soldiers a fair chance had fallen into the sen Wounded and
for life and victory’ He demanded a dead lay everywhere. Among these were
Government inquiry. many babies, women and children

Baron Newton replied briefly, and he
was followed by Lord Haldane, who re- Woman ian Her Cabin Killed,
vealed a somewhat intimate acquatnt- “]
ance with the doings at headquarters
He thought that Baron St. Davids mis-
conceived what the tleld) organization

 

for
amid

decided tu return to my cabin

my passport It was ca journey

$ who were grasping my ankles begging

was me to aid where [ was powerless to
Defends Commander. give help. When T got to my cabin
} : i and stooped to open my trunk, which
' ‘A veal headquatters staff,” he said.) was under the bed, | heard my porthole

“ie composed of men selected years be-) window erash inward and felt the whiz-

fore. There are others appointed to! zing of « shell over my head. I saw
earry out the business arrangements.” Maria, my stewardess, fall dead before
He admitted that many on the staff did the door, struck by a shrapnel bullet.

net work as well as they might, but “LT decided it was useless to look for

this, he said, was owing to lack of an
opportunity for proper training He

my passport, as death was unavoidable,
so I put on my sweater, tled a bonnet

declared that Sir John French rose daily securely on my head, grasped a little
at 6 and worked hard until bedtime ut basket containing seme trinkets, and
11 o'clock started to search f + a lifeboat. [ was

| He assured Baron St. Davide that he
j was mistaken about Loos, as the reserves

alone on the cabin deck at this time.
a soul was in command of the passen-

| were there, They were not only ready, gers, Chaos reigned, There was no
but were sent forward. He refused to one to give directions.
discuss why this attack was not suec- “LT went aft where two boats were be-

cessful, but asserted that it was in no-
wise due to a lack of care and attention
on the part of Sir John French,

; 'not more than twenty persons were in
The Marquis of Crewe, speaking for the boats and they were marked for
the Government, regretted some UMungs | aety

Baron St. Davids said and declared that

, ; “There was something wrong with the
rambling gossip ought to be differen-

pulleys or davits of the first boat. It

tiated from criticism, The Government. hung at an oblique angle and all the

| he said, emphatically disapproy ed of the ‘occupants fell into the sea before my |

presence of women at headquarters X=" eyes They were drowned, among them

onal i. as a ie i some women and children, @Words can- ;

‘rival in time of reenforcements « 1008, - ‘

'he eoncluded, is being investigated by not express my feelings at seeing the
i. *> tiny bands reaching upward for aid and |

the highest military authorities,

‘finally disappearing in the sea

“Few had lifebelts. The second cabin
and steerage people lost (heir heads ut-
terly, and no one helped them with belts.
I saw anether boat, just lowered to the
level of the sea, in which were two doc-
tors, first cabin passengers and many
members of the crew Rix or seven
wornen and several children were tum-
led into the boat.

U.S. COMPTROLLER

Maken Jump of 20 Feet.

“LT asked to be taken, Some one said,

| ¢il Unanimous for Sueh  /stump. ft made the jump of at leas:
\ 7 ‘ ;twenty feet and landed in the centre of
} Legislative Action, the bout uninjured, my bag and trinkets

Federal Reserve Board's Coun- |

 

still in my hand. A moment after I
| —_ — ! jumped a young woman emigrant threw
| é ‘ ; te | herself head foremost from the deck,
| WASHINGTON, Nov, 16.--The advisory | gtruck the side of our boat and fell
feouncil of the Federal Reserve Poard | into the sea, She was so near me I
voted unanimously to-day in favor of | could drag her into the boat, She had

fainted and both of her legs were broken.

| the abolition of the oftice of Comptroller) "wwe started to pull off from the
of the Currency, The report of the ad- | Ancona, expecting every moment to be
\yisory council will be laid to-morrow killed, for shells struck many small
| : 5 s es ; a, bouts and injured or killed the pas-
before the Federal Reserve Board, which sengers, Fortune favored me, for our

will pags upon ft. |

The action of the advisory council ir}
regarded «as presaging & movement
abolish the Comptrollership through an

amendment to the Federal Reserve act
| to be submitted at the next session of

boat had an officer of extreme courage

to guide us, Carlo Lambert,

to “He took the tiller and gave orders
/to the rowers. Then he put a revolver

started us toward the west.
up tive women and one man from the

Congress. It remains for the Federal sea It was 12:80 o'clock as we drew
| Reserve Board to decile whether or not | away, ;
i this will be one of the amendments to; “Lh #aw the track of a torpedo that

bad been fired from the submarine. = lt
hit the Ancona with a terrifie explosion,
accompanied with a great mass of steam
and water, which rose high above the
vessel, She listed, turned turtle and
sank In seven minutes, | saw the offi-
cers’ boat leave the Ancona ai few
moments before she disappeared,

“The sea was calm, 80 that our seven
amall bouts stood out clearly, We went

be recommended {tn its annual report, |

lt is sald that there will be a serious
division of opinion within the board and
that the final decision will be reached
only after a bitter fight, Comptroller
John Skelton Williams, who would au-
tomatically be legislated out of office
| by the passage of the amendment tn,
Congress, Is sald to resent any sugges-

tlon that the board recommend Ut, Bs r : a

The movement for the abolition of | 18 Gierent Civschions, | Old) namie for
ithe Comptrollership has resulted from) Messina, It was leaking badly, and
the conviction on the part of many while the women and children shrieked

hysterically and some clung around me
1 helped bail and tried to quiet them,
“After about four hours we noticed a
boat sending up distress signals. We
rowed toward it and found it was leaking

bankers that the office became obsolete
with the organization of the board, It
is declared that the duplication of re- |
; ports and diffusion of authority are re- |

\ for the fatlure of the bu
feet hake to enter the Ie Or) ad going down rapidly, It had a few
| wystem. } vars, but no rowers,

Financial authorities regard it as cer |

ltain that the amendment to the reserve | Revolver Forces Ald of Men,

act will be proposed to Congress what: | “Lamberti, calmly pointing his re-
ever may be the final decision of the | volver, ordered the men in the boat
| reserve board in regard to it to help the women and wounded men

naa ume jinto our boat, One woman, mad with

SEABOARD AIR LINE TO FLORIDA,
Bevt of uarvice equipment, echedule, Winter

fright, dropped her pet tte the sea,
ltesort Bureau,

1 picked the Nttle thing from the water,

4 Bidway, N. Y, C.--Adv.

 

Ancona Not Warned, Says |
Dr. Greil, U. S. Survivor’ BULGARS; SERBS

 

Passengers’ Meal Interrupted by Bursting Shells,}
Woman Physician Asserts, and Men, Women and
Children Fall Dead All Around Her.

 

|U. S. DEMANDS FULL DETAILS FROM AUSTRIA

Lieut. Fay Backs Down on Con- Berlin Newspapers Hint at an Loos Victory Mismanaged, Says!

Edict Against Talk of = | Critie—Government De-

Stopping War. |

!It
LONDON, Nov. 16.—The Daily Mail has | clothes.
j} and cared for it all day.

the
| only American in the saloon, and :
|

1 saw one of the doctors z

kvery

re- |

falling shots and the screams of women !

Not!

ing lowered and asked them to take me, |
They refused, saying it was full, though |

beside the compass in front of him and |
We picked!

THE WEATHER FORECAST.

Fair to-day and to-morrow; light varia-
ble winds.

Highest temperature yesterday, 45; lowest, 32.
"Detalled weather, mail and mtarine reports on page 13.

= —
~ a. —=

PRICE TWO CENTS

‘FRENCH ROUT

 

IN NEW PERIL

 

| Paris Says Efforts to Dis-

| lodge Allies Met With
Heavy Losses,

SERBIAN TROOPS :
FACE STARVATION

 

was tightiy rolled swaddling ;

1 wrapped my sweater about it;

in

“Evening fell, our lanterns were lit,
we fired bengal light, and just as the
sun was setting we caught a glimpse |
of a long black thing on the horizon. |
Our joy was lessened by fear of ner |
being an enemy, We rowed toward her | (i ppak «
and finally perceived that she was a | Get eks
French crutser, which signalled us to |
come near, We rowed with renewed |
Vigor, At 7 o'clock, wet, cold, wretched,
We got aboard, We met every kindness
from the French naval and civil authori- |
ties, The captain of the cruiser showed
ine the utmost courtesy. He gave me
his cabin, and after giving my profes-
sional services to all the wounded I
vested until morning.

“Mr. Bourke, the Englisii Consul here,
gave me all the help in his power. There
{s no American Consul at Bizerta.”

VIENNA UPHOLDS ACT.

e in Ancona

 

Reported Rioting
Against the King
at Patras.

LORD KITCHENER
ARRIVES AT MUDROS

|
}

 

He May Go On to Egypt—
Greek Attitude Toward

 

 

Hat Saya Loss of 1.
Stinking Was Neediens,

Vienna, Via Berlin and London, Nov. Allies Changing.
16.—Although the full report of the =

commander who sank the Ancona has
not vet been received by the Austro-
Hungarian Admiralty, the officials are
certain, from evidenee received, that the
‘loss of lives was unnecessary und that
}the submarine commander adhered
j strictly to the existing laws governing
the conduct of attacking vessels in time
of war

The panic among the crew and pas-
sengers, as well as the lack of discipline,
{t is sald, was the sole reason for the
disastrous consequences. It ts asserted
the crew aitempted to lower
the water when the ship
at the rate of fourteen
Of course, this swamped

The Freneh War Office reports «@
severe repulse to the Bulgarian troops
on the west bank of the Cerna River.
A London correspondent confirms this,
but he also telegraphs that the Bulgars
| have dislodged the Serbs from Babuna
Pass and now menace Monastir, the
capture of which would cut the supply,
lines and threaten the Serbian army,
with famine

Reports from German sources are
j to the effect that the Serbian power ot
|resistance is weakening. Berlin saya
entering the boats and rowed far from ;1,000 more prisoners have been taken.

the ship. It is now asserted that full¥ | th the meantime the disembarkation of
ninety minutes were allowed the cap-|" 0. ; sd at Galina,
{tain to remove the people from his ship. j allied forces continues at ne onica. 10
extent of their junction with the Serbs
in dispute. A German estimate
puts the Anglo-French expeditionary
| force at possibly 200,000, and says that
| relative positions of the vessels at the leven if Italy sends 160,000 the Centra!
time of attack, ‘Powers and their Balkan allies will

Tn anewer to the change of inhumanicy |
| ana the profitiess nature of the sinking, | SUll be superior In numbers,
it is said here by officere that the com- Lord Kitchener arrives at Mudros.
|mander of the submarine had no means ‘It is probable that he will continue on

| here that
ifehoats to
was moving
iniles an hour.
the boats.
The charge is also made that the
deliberately kept the passengers

crew
from

| Naval officers here display the original
instructions given to all Italian ship-
nasters to attempt to ram an undersea
boat or to escape, depending upon the

| is

 

lof knowing whether the Ancona was «@!/to Neypt to take measures against a
| peaceful outwarl bound passenger eID possible ruid on the Suez Canal by the
or a transport. Tt is asserted that he

| ar Turks and Germans,
Was Warranted in suspecting she was @

Greeks ure warned by Allies, Rome

j

jwarehip, as she is listed in the Inter 1a
jnational naval register as an auxiliary fsays, to end the DEO - (rete
| cruiser with « provisional armament of | man submarines in the Mediterranean.
{12 Centimeter guns. Greece modifies her position and will
1 High Austrian naval authority has!lallow Serbian troops to move un-

declared that the submarine commander
lid his duty {n challenging the Italian

molested on Greek soil with the same
i privileges 3ritish and French sole

us

steamer aud in firing upon her when ehe | dier
tried to flee. It is added: ‘Whether or | alers
net the submarine commander would ereieeees:

Ancona if it were known
assenger ship bound for

‘have halted the
{that she was a
| Amerija is

FRENCH ROUT BULGARS;

  

merely ai academic ques- SERBS FACE NEW PERIL
tion,” ee see
ee No action in expectel by the United Parin Calin Attachs Dinastroas—
States Gooverninent.
Serbian Sapply Lines Menaced,

Special Cable Despatch tu Tae srs

FIRM U.S. NOTE LIKELY.

 

 

 

: ;  LLonposx, Nov, 16..-Renewed Bulgarian
|Full Detatles ef Ancona's Staking | 21 pts to drive the Freneh from thelr
{ Demanded of Austria, | positions on the West bani of the Cerna
| Wasnineton, Noy, 9 16.--After a| River, just sopth of the pout where
| week's delay owing to lack of informa. | this streat tows into the Vardar, have
ition the State Department took action | bee! repulsed with heavy losses to the

to-duy in the oase of the [tallan liner | Bulgars, sccording to the official! states

 

Ancona, torpedoed jn the Mediterranean | tent tes ied to-night by the French War

S vr | Office
[sis the lows of about 200 Hives, Met Gani is tie ony figirting reported on
eluding some Americans | this froat the Freneh atatement,
Instructions were sent to Ambassador) which adds that the disem markation of

Salunica ts

Seeriliiely

progressing
indicating

allled troops at

) Pentield “at Vienna directing him tu ap-
without ineident,

 
 

 

ply to the Austrian Foreign Office for | that the expected reenforcement of the
a complete account of the sinking of the allied force alres is under way, and
' Ancona. The Department received to« | thut t will ot be jong before the
“ay from the Austro-Hungarian Eni-| Anglo-Frene) lie tn southern Serbia
!baugssy here the statement given out by |} will assume proportions which will make
lthe Austeian Admiralty, but found it} it possible to assume a more vigerous
jlacking in some details in whieh the | offensive asainst the Hulgariais, divert.
United States is most vitally interested. | ing thelr attention Prous: the drive against
| Ambassador Penfield is expected tuj the hard pressed Merblals

  

   

 

 

 

 

obtain from the Austrian Government
| eesacee and appiiont information needed) Balgars’ Losses Reported Heavy,
to clear up the doubt that exists @s5 : = i : .
| to Grains ths submarine that sunk the} The Freneh communique regarding the
Ancona acted in accordance with re- | Operations of the army of the Orient fole
} quirements of international law as un- low
derstood by this Governmen and ag set The Bulg regiewed ir violent
jforth in its correspondence with Ger- | ‘attacks ' day of Noveaiver 14
; many on the submarine tesue The | on our front on the lett ba of the
| Ambassador is counted on te make it! Cerna They were entirely repulsed,
clear that the United States it With very heavy losses
must be fully informed as to where the | Chere was calm on the whole front
| responsibility lies for the loss of Amer- | on the left bank of the Vardar,
joan lives. The divembarkation of Frenen and
| It is desired to know tiyst whether! British troops at Salomea contiiues
{the Ancona was signalled to stop by! without tuecident
ithe submarine; whether, if signalled to No details of the fighting are given
stop, she attempted fight; whethet| i. che German official statment issued
j firing upon her continued after she bid) goiday at Berlin, Whiolh says inmerely that
icome to a full stop and whether the)... pursult of the Serbians “progressed
jcommander of the submarine waited) vo nousiy ind gives the captures ef-
}until all peywons had left the Ancona) oo oy phe staten¥ent says:
before torpedoing her Farle ee ie = a

The belief is wrowing Nere that the The pureutt ot the Serbians progressed

 

Ancona case Will necessitate represeitir | vigorously yesterday, More than 1,000

tlons to the Austrian Government! >erolana Were captured, We took two
similar to thuse made to Germany in| machine guns and three cannon

the case of the British steamer Falaba,| The Austrian War Office Issued the

It is thought probable that a note! following to-de
j sent to Austria will be even more en-, The Austro-Hungarians are udvan
) Phatie than those sent to Germany, as ing every where, They have reached
j the United States is held to be entitled! he distriet of Uvae, Cigota, Planing
to ussume that Austria bas been cox-) and the daver Helehts

nigant of the discussion of this issue | The Gerinun detachments of Get
iwith her ally, Germany, and of the Koevess have advanced on both etdea
pledges given by Germany to attaek | of the read running frem Kraljevo to
no passenger ships without regard tor Novi Bagar, and have taken Ysivco
the safety of those on board, | The Austro-Hungarians, further east
| : een | ward near Bablen, have crossed the
| RUMANIA TO JOIN TEUTONS?’ | road from Raska to Kursumlya and
| one an eens 5 stormed Serblan trenches on the Lu
* eak Mountaly. They took as prisoners
Ha-Premier Quoted as Saying She | three oftieers and 110 inen and eap

Will Do So Next Month, ! (ured one machine gui
Speeial Cable Despatch to Tre SUN, The Getnien and Bule@arian : Oop

| ‘. 5 ' ° 1" im ) are approwehing, from the north anc
| LONDON, Noy IT-—-The Times corres} gig, _ point Se satin at Kursumlya
sapondent a Bucharest under alate of | :

November 11) quotes ex-Premier Carp,

‘ mt Serbs Hard Pressed,
who is an uncompromising pro-ierman, |

 

las saying that Rumanta will join Ger- The correspondent of the Tins ar
fmunvy in DecemBer, Vodena under the date November 18
/ “Germany will make new offers to confirins the seriousness of the Serbian
{Rumania in the fors of an ultimata: Situation, He writes that when he lefe
| demunding a reply within forty-eigh Monastir on the 14th the Serblin wuthort-
| hourd,” the “ormer Premier is quoted as) UPS and foreign Consuls were reparlig
saying, “and Rumania will be asked to | ft eyteuate Monagtin in Che event of the
itake up arms inimediately on che Austro. | Nestber apromecd of » Balwaviane. Tae

 

latter were thes to be dp
| ‘The eorrespoudent says (oat M, Carp of Krushevo and to be operat.ng
thinks the present Government will re- | 9X Wiles east of rile), Where the Kerbs
eign and that he will be called to power. imud been stoutly resisting tor two days,

reported Ths

German side,’
|

sPasiot

a

:
4

 

re Oe