ee

ee ee

 

_ would have been nearer to France

—eeooEEooEooEoeeoo—————————oo—————eeEeEeEeEeEeEEEEEEeEeeee

 

executioners had seized me; I was |
torn from all that attached me to life.
© © © It turned my hair gray.”

The voyage was made in the North- |
umberland, carrying the flag of Rear |
Admiral Sir George Cockburn, who)
had been appointed commander-in-
chief of the Cape and St. Helena
station:

At 11 A. M. of Auguat 7 Lord Keith
arrived on the Bellerophon to accompany

SOME NEW BOOKS,

last Sin YVenrs of Napoleon
Bonaparte.

A word of honest praise mhould be-
epoken for Napoleon in Kotte: Bt. |
Helena (The John C. Winston Com- |
pany, Philadelphia), Norwoop Youna’s
companion work to his history of the |

 

The

 

Napoleon to the Northumberland, At 1
Elba exile. Tt combines with the | P. M. Napoleon Jeft his cabin and as |
straightforward record which the he crossed the quarterdeck the guard |

presented arms, and three ruffles of the)
drum were given, the salute to a General

“general” reader demande full repre-

sentation of the supplementary date | sraiiand'a account of the last scene on

of interest to the specialist in Napo | the Bellerophon ts as eg ie “He walked |

out of the cabin with @ steadyafirm step,

leonic memorabilia. Not the least es came up to me and, taking off his hat,

teemed part of the attractive makeup faid, ‘Captain Mattiand, I take this last)

the, Opportunity of once more returning you

€t these two interesting vorumes & ‘ | my thanks for the manner in which you

decoration, with colored frontispiece | nave treated me while on board the
of acenes on the island, and 100 {lus
trations mainly from the collection of |

Bellerophon, and also to request you wt
convey them to the officers and ship's com-
A. M. Broadley, author of “Napoleon
tn Caricature.”

pany you command. Then, turning to
the officers, who were standing by me, nc
added: ‘Gentlemen, I have requested your

 

‘aptain to oxprese my gratitiie to you
1 for your attention to me and to those |
who have followed my fortunes.’ He then

Mr. Young begins with the return
from Biba, and traces carefully the
@equence of events that lei to the
final exile of the Corsican; Waterco,
the abdication, and the suit, a bold |
though unsuccessful stroke of etrat-
egy, for British harborage. To the
Prince Regent he wrote: “Royal High-
ness—A victim to the factions which
@vide my country, and to the enmity
of the greatest Powers of Europe, I
have terminated my political career,

and I come, lke Themistocles, | 4 the tet 4 .
hearth of the Brit- |Tecord the ngs and scrapings, the.
Diace myself at the « | polite words, while the thoughts in- |

ish people. I place myself under the | sige tne ceremoniously uncovered {m-
protection of their laws, which I | perial head are lost. Who knows what
claim of your Royal Highnese as of |dreams of yet another return from!

the mast powerful, the most constant |"*!l¢ may have teemed in that busy)

and the most generous of my ene- Drain?

mies.—NaPoLeon.” Here as in other in-

stances the Emperor was not less| The Iittle island of St. Helena lies |
Drilliant in failure than in success. |Just below the shortest line betweon |
It was Lord Liverpool, the Prime South oe — Africa, the line |
ested sendin connecting Pernambuco and _ Sierra |

Daaees ae alee a ental or | Leone; but that line is nearly 3,000 |
Helena is perimps the only piace in miles long. It lies between 16 deg.
the world & which neutrals can | 54 min. south and 16 deg. south latt-

be excluded without any material tne | pude and 6 deg. 39 min. west and
conventence.” In Mngland Napoteon | deg. 48 min. west longitude. It te!

about the same size as the Isle of,
Jersey, being ten miles long and seven |
jin, its greatost width; forty-seven |

when the Prttesiane were advancing | S1uare miles to Jersey's forty-five. |
into France after Waterloo, and the Elba has eighty-five. St. Helena ts
Provisional Government at Paris 4400 miles from England.
asked for an armistice, Bluecher con- | From the sea St. Helena appears
ditioned his readiness to grant it only |® @ big barren rock, rising sheer;
upon the surrender of Napoleon, dead the boundary cliffs rise from 600 to
or alive. Wellington wrote, “Bluecher |1.200 feet above sea level, and the
wants to kill him; but I have told him |Janding places are hidden from the
that I ehall remonstrate, and shall in- | View of approaching seafarers. There
sist on his being disposed of by com- | are half a dozen of them on the north,
mon accord.” The Iron Duke added, | ¢ast and south shores, but landing is
most creditably to his manhood, “I ad- | never easy. The island ts of volcanic
vised him [the Prussian General] to |orlgin; the great crater is in the
have nothing to do with so foul aj} southwestern part, and the various
transaction, that he and I had acted | peaks range in height from 1,500 to
too distinguished parts to become exe- | nearly 8,000 feet. They bear fanciful
cutioners.” | Names, stich as the Asses’ Fars, Lot's
Lord Melvitie, First Lomi of the Ad- " High Peak, Diana's Peak.
miralty-——it was just a century ago The settled part of the island re-
this month—announced Napoleon's | calls the cosey prosperity of rural
fate in these words: “It would be tn- | England; !n other parts the {sland sce-
consistent with our duty to thia coun- nery, {s, on a smal! scale, grand. The
try and to his Maiseety’s Allies if we | view from the central ridge is a
were to leave to General Bonaparte striking range of farm land and forest. |
the means or opportunity of again |In the unsettled parts there are sand
Gaturbing the peace of Europe and jiilis and rock formations that would
renewing all the calamities of war; it | delight the geologist and to the roving
is therefore unavoidable that he ‘eye suggest “the exaggeration of.
should be restrained in hig personal! stage scenery,” with etrange and
Uberty to whatever extent may be /etriking juxtapositions of contrasting
necessary to secure our first and par-' areas. ,
amount object. The island of St. He-| About a quarter of a mile from the
lena has been selected for his future |landing place at Jamestown on the
place of residence, The climate is north are the ramparts behind a moat
healthy, and its local situation will spanned by a drawbridge. The Gov-
admit of his being treated with more ernor's town house, called the Castle,
indulgence than would be compatible | was nearly destroyed by white ants
with adequate security elsewhere.” sixty years or so back, and has been
When Admiral Lord Keith received rebuilt of stone, with fron staire and
this anouncement the Bellerophon, teak trim. The Castle stands in a
with Napoleon aboard, lay at Ply- | square of its own, with a small public
mouth, The town and harbor were | garden adjoining and a church on the
thronged with eager spectators. The other side. In front runs the main
Rellerophon lay between the frigates street of the town, lined with stores
Liffey and Eurotas, and the three and offices. Near the Castle stand |
ships put out boats to keep off too the remains of the house in which
inquisitive visitors; volleys of mus- | Napoleon spent his first night on the
ketry were fired to keep them at a/isiand; destroyed by fire a few years
distance, but the crush grew steadily ago, it has not been rebuilt.
worse. On Sunday, July 30, it is said; A ladder of 700 stone steps,
that as many as a thousand small pulit in 1829 by Governor Dallas, gives
craft were out, and in shunting them access to Ladder Hill fort, which may,
off the sailors capsized a boat and however, be more easily reached by ,

one man was drowned. A much /means of a road that zigzags up the
larger casualty list would be short of | hillside. The fert commands the an-

the incredible. Sallors on the Bellero- | chorage. Since 1906 it has been gar-
phon displayed a blackboard chalked | risoned only by a small detachment.
with bulletins indicating Napoleon's |of marines. Back of the fort is High |
occupation at the moment: “At break- | Knoll, once strongly fortified but now
fast," “In the cabin,” “Dictating to|abandoned; here some of the Boer |
his officers,” “At dinner,” “Coming on / prisoners were kept in 1900-02, Not |
deck," and so on. quite four miles from Jamestown is |
On the last day of July Capt. Mait-|the Plantation House, once headquar- |
land of the Bellerophon informed Na- |ters for the Fast India Company in
poleon of the decision; he showed no! st. Helena. From it roads branch out
shock or surprise. Then Lord Keith |to the various setlements. Mr. Young |
and Sir Henry Bunbury, Under Secre- | describes the island skilfully and at-
tary of State for the Colonies, arrived, | tractively, and sketches its history.
and Melville's letter, translated into When Napoleon landed, one hun-
French, was read out. The ex-Em-| dred years ago, the population of the
peror was to be known thenceforth |tsland, including 1,000 soldiers, was |

as “General Bonaparte” and to live! Aside from the garri- |

| nearly 4,000.
on St. Helena Island. son, there were not quite 800 white |
In reply to the formal notification

Napoleon made a speech, the sub-
stance of which he afterward for-

went forward to the gangway and before
he went down the ship's side bowed two!
or three times to the ship's company, who
were collected in the walst and on the)
forecastie. He was followed by the lading |
and the French officers, and lastly by
Lord Keith. After the boat had shoved
off end got the distance of about thirty
yards from the ship, he atood up, pulled
bis hat off and bowed first to the officers
and then to the men; and immediately eat
down and entered Into conversation with
Lord Keith, with as much apparent com-
posure as If he head been only going from
one ship to the other to pay a visit.”

Emperor to the end! Too bad that

 

 

 

than, for the sake of Europe's peace,
it was safe to trust him. Indeed,

 

folks, 1,858 slaves and 447 free blacks; |
280 Chinese and 16 Lascars. During.
the former Emperor's internment the

warded to London in a written ad- | normal population was nearly |
dress conveyed by Bunbury. He pro-/ doubled: “The presence of a naval
tested solemnly, “in the face of|/squadron and frequent arrival of

Heaven and of mankind,” against the | store ships caused a traffic which ben-
violence done him, the “violation of | efited workmen, producers and shop-
his most sacred rights” in disposing | keepers. The prices of all goods rose,
by force of his person and his ib-|with increased rents and higher |
erty. “I came voluntarily,” he sald,| wages. St. Helena was a very ‘dear’
“on board the Bellerophon. I am not | piace in the time of Napoleon.”

@ prisoner. I am the guest of Eng-| St. Helena is an odd combination of

land.” The captain of the ship had/contrasts, with many beauties and |
assured him of safe conduct to Eng-| many plagues of its own. Its climate |
land, with implication of subsequent |is temperate. The air ts motst, but
protection. “If the Government when there is no fever breeding area. It)
giving orders to the captain of the is anchored in the track of the south-
Bellerophon to receive me and my east trade winds. The climate in the!
suite intended merely to lay @ snare |jower parts Is not agreeable in the
for me, {t has forfeited its honor and! simmer months, but the highlands are
Aisgraced its fite.” Henceforth Eng- | uniformly healthful. Mortality statis- |
Mshmen should cease to boast of their | ties of recent years show death rates
loyalty, thelr laws, their Mberty. “I of 11.9 a thousand in 1906, 9.4 in 1907, |
appeal to history; it will say that an!

 

 

9.6 In 1908, 6.4 in 1909 and 10.7 in
enemy who for twenty years made 1910; averase for five years 96. The
war against the British nation came) only early record is for 1822, when the

freety, in his misfortune, to seek an

rate was ten to the thousand of popu-
asylum under her laws. © * © They!

lation,
feigned to proffer a hospitable hand| iciniaaiag,
to that enemy, and when he had de- | "t8
livered himself up in good faith, they | f |
sacrificed him.” To Maitland, how-| The “St. Helena controversy" turns
ever, in private, Napoleon said: “Cer- | pon the “grievances” of Ma naleon |
tainly I made no conditions; how! Which Mr. Young recapitulates under |

could an individial enter into terms
with a nation?” But we wonder if
that salved the serateh on the cap-

}ten heads: The detention, the place of |
| detention, the Longwood climate, the,
house at Longwood, Sir Hudson Lowe, |

 

 

 

tain’s honor made by the public| the title, the Iimits, visitors, corre- |
charge of perfidy, even under such| spondence and provisions, This au-
circumstances thority !s not pro-Bonaparte,

The condemned ex-Eimperor’s Napoleon, he says, did not go vol-
frionda learned the newa with lesa ;untarily aboard the Bellerophon, “but!
calmness than thelr master, Hin | took refuge on the Hritish ship only |
chamverioin, Los Cases, was particu. | fost tn time to avoid arrest at the!
Jarly perturbed Iie wrete: “Never! hands of an official sent by the Bour- |

can I deniet the effect of these ter-
rible words! A cold sweat overspread
my whole frame; it WAS an unex-
pected sentence ef death. Unpitying

bon Government.”

After the experience of Elba, “the
world stood in fear of Napoleon.” There
was no room for him in Uprope, and

 

7 C

fi ‘ m ye

to} the most willing chronicler can only easily relinquished.

laimple, and it is not diMeuit to im- their standard of housing is

| controlled by

| fear between the East and the West will
| depend

| that

| people of

| date, providing for
| tion

; of all nations,

| bankers

 

his desire to be permitted to go to the} emigration to become cumulative Of
United States could not be counte-| even more importance was the fact
nanced. Canada or the Cape of Good| that the emigration business has be-
Hope might have supplied a suitahle come an organized enterprise,
place of internment, but St. Helena The first strong note of opposition
was the one place that offered posi-| to the tmmigrition of the Japanese
tive assurance of a safe confinement) laborers came from @ mass meeting
within bounds; in the Azores a closer| held at San Francisco in 1900, In
watch would have been necessary, and| 1996 the city Board of Education
in Bermuda the exile could not have| passed a resolution declaring its de-+
had so much personal IMberty. The; termination to establish separate
West Indian islands were not autfi- Schools for Chinese and Japanese pu-
clently isolated, | pile. This brought up an international
As to the climate, the pro-British | issue, resulting in the agreement with
contention {s that !t ig not unhealthful | J@pan of 1907 whereby only former
and that the prisoner
of it by living in airless and heated | Of residents and settled agriculturists
rooms, and then going ont at sunset! Te granted passports. Thus the im-
and exposing himself to the breeze at) Migration of Japanese and Corean
the exact hour when there is a slight, ‘borers fs limited. Between 1908 and
fall of temperature.” Ile did not have | [918 30,985 Japanese have been ad-
dysentery, the one disease that micht | mitted to the United States and 31,777
have been feared. “So far as our) Dave left. Women have constituted a
knowledge goes, the disease of which large percentage of those admitted and
he died would have killed him sooner | S™all percentage of those who have
in any other part of the world.” left, so that the effect upon migratory
Of the honse at Lonewood Sir Hud-| @bor is greater than might at first
son Lowe frankly sald that the situa. | be Inferred. The whole question also

tion was good, but the house inade- of admitted proxy brides is a serious
‘ ‘ : : ; one, as It

 

 

 

 

quate, Offers to enlarge, even practi-| por areas * ina to ean a
‘ { s ’ , f Ty
cally rebuild the house were, however, comapetiters i i tee dele era OF
repelled by the inmate, Constant! ; ae Drea ee
vs y : ; y\ The total number of Japanese tn

complaining, Napoleon found unfalliing
pretexta for rejecting the proffered ea

“ae 72,157, according to the census
amelioration. Napoleon did not de-j|4¢ 1910, There {s every reason to be-
sire improvements at Longwood, or 4@/heye that the total number exceeded

|this country {s roughly estimated at
,about 72

new house, or a summer residence. |this, California has over 59,000 of
The inadequacy of the accommodation these, and Washington comes next
gave him a legitimate grievance.” Also, with 14,000, according to the Japan-

no doubt, it fostered an aereenble
sense of temporary quality in the com-
Pulsory domictle. Longwood furnished
@ grievance too spectacular to be
Tt was of all the
possibilities the pleasantest and ‘east
restricted, their assimilation tnvolves less change

Sir Hudson lowe was a Rritisher of than does that of the Chinese or the
the “bluff” type; he had none of the East Indien. They are also quick to

ese-American Yearbook, wiiich est!-
;mates the total number at 95,679.
|The problem of assimilation the author
[thinks not so serious as has been
often believed. The Japanese, hie finds,
are very sensitive to environment, so

eraces of the courtier, was “stiff andy learn, studious, imitative, ambitious to!

reserved,” but honest and sincere. To | be received as equals, Their standard
Napoleon he was the jailer pure and /of diet is constantly rising, and while

e}\* the
They

lange

ferlor {t {s constantly improving

agine the restiveness of the imperfal
make good progress with the

mind under restraint and the ingenuity

with which {t would find pretexts for and their children are notably studious
rebellion. Mr. Young's single concea- |All the facts gathered seem to point
sion on thie point is that an attempt /t0 thelr capacity for asximilaton. In
might have been made “to find a mora MP. Millis's oo a question of in-
resplendent and gracious personality oer ee ee eee uae
than the plain soldier whe thoucht important. He does not believe that a

etal Oda : >",. Mixture of races results badly. in the
waliee We tet fet - ia is other hand, he realizes that unless
situation wa . saa liek tbte (22° races have approximately even

s made quite imposstble |rank and harmonious relations the

by Napoleon's adaptability; an easter
wamler would have heen open to the
charge of having fallen “under the
glamour of the magician,” or of being
“England's agent for letting loose the
mah slayer once more upon a terrified

‘marriages and births will be few.

Dr. Gullick has submitted a plan for
an immigration law suggesting that
the maximum number of immigrants
from any nation shall be 5 per cent. of

ou these who are already naturalized
BUFOPS. American citizens from that same na-
In a word, the author's finding {8 tion. All shall be admitted who are

that “the case against the British Gov.
ernment breaks down on all the chief
heads, except that, thourh the title of
‘Emperor’ could not be given, that of
‘General Bonaparte’ should never have
been adopted; and Sir Hudson Lowe,
though an admirable choice tn other
respects, was deficient in soctal
glamour.” Napoleon fared better tn
British hands than he could have
done anywher» else: “Death or a fort-
ress were the only alternatives any-
where on the Continent of Europe.
Assassination was what he feared in
the United States,”

returning after a previous residence of
not less than three years, all who have
had in their own iand an edue ”
equal that of an American high
school with not less than three years
study of some foreign tongue, The
author offers suggestions for further
Nmitation of !mmigration. Upon the
close of the present war the need for
restriction of immigration wil! be more
than ever apparent. The author of this
‘volume recommends most thorough
and careful discrimination of imm)i-
gration, but no discrimination against
those once admitted, No aliens should

 

to

In the second volume of this tnter- be admitted who are not eligible to
estin esurvey f : , citizenship. g
& resurvey of an old matter the Whe book contains carefully at

last days of Napoleon, his {liness and.
death are reported at length. Anee-
dotes are falrly numerous, as of the
ex-Emperor, chased by a cow, leaving
his ladies to take care of themselves

ranged statistical tables and ts an ex-
cellent presentation of the whole ques-
tion of immigration from the East.

 

 

‘and the enemy, while he lashed for | ‘“Eqat’? Mesaten ané Breseeca of
the fence; of his rudeness to Cockburn, Medieval Rome.
and of politics within the imperial It is frankly the interest of an

“detention camp." Extracts from «di
account books, so far from indicating
insufficiency of provisions, might be
adduced as a high living explanetion
for the {ll temper of the prisoner.

A good, full book.

aristocratic specialty that attaches to
Cc. R. Morey’s monograph on Lost
Mosaics and Frescoes of Rome of the
Mediaeval Period (Princeton Untver-
sity Press). If our universities are to
go into the printing business it is
cause for commendation when they
take up, whether exclusively or not,
‘gust euch an aristocratic specialty as
that to which the Princeton estab-
lishment, whether by accident or by
design, has pecullarly devoted itself.
College presses enjoy privileges be-
yond the range of the common run
of commercial print shops, and it is
‘pleasant indeed to find them making
‘use of those privileges for the publi-
eation of occasional works of fruitful
|research, scholarly presentations of
knowledge of the past purely and
frankly cultural in character, giving
|fresh quaj}ity to that much abused
word “culture.” In its finely executed
series of works on ancient art (Prince-
ton Monographs tn Art and Archrol-
ogy) the press of the College of New
Jersey has “done itself proud,” and
{the authorship and mechanical work-
/manship of Mr. Morey's beautiful little
‘book are not inferior to those of its
predecessors by students of older and
perhaps more popular extramural rep-
|} utation.

Many of the mosaics and frescoes
that once adorned the churches of
| Rome have been destroyed or tnjured,
or altered in processes of “restora-
'tion.” In 1762, just after his acces-
(sion, George III. of England bought
‘the collection of drawings and prints
which shone with spectal lustre among
‘the riches of the library of the (Car-
dinal Albani, Winckelmann was then
Mbrarian to the Cardinal, and the sale
| was made against his earnest protest.
thie more Intimate and The collection now forms part of the
increasing contact with the Ortent royal Mbrary at Windsor, to whose
the United States might well adopt | staff Prof. Morey 1s indebted for in-
ee perenne Orlentel policy, ‘There | Valuable assistance in reproducing and

Resolved, that the Commission on Rela- | Ueseribing the drawings about which
tlone with Japan appointed by the Fea- | writes.
eral Counci! of the Churches of Christ in These drawings were for the most
America urge upon Congress and upon the| part assembled by the Commendatore
the United States the !mport- | Cassiano del Pozzo, who died in 1657.
ance of adopting an Ortental policy based | Mostly done In pen and color or wash,
upon @ just and equitable regard for the with an occastonal touch of gold and
reg = all the aaeste scnenrn ee ane jhere and there a sketch in chalk or
0 thie end suggests that the entire Im: | come other medium, the two (of a
eS 0 ee te score) volumes labelled ‘“Mosaici An-
covering all phases of the auaariaa [ticht!” reproduce not mosates only but
(much as the I!mitation of !mmigration and; frescoes and objects of “the minor
the registration, distribution, employment, | arts,” fond d'oro, reliefs of sarcophagt,
education and naturalization of tmmt! | &e., with some Intrusion of pagan works
grants) in such @ way as conserve | the Christlan monuments.

: to | among
tor ‘trom dangermia economies commen |TRE eollection offers opportunity,
ten ahd io promote an intelligent and |ereeens se the critical mind, for fixa-
enduring friendliness among the people | tion of dates and attributions of au-
thorship. Prof. Morey'’s prosecution
of these interesting exercises brings
him to this coneluston, valuable, if for
| nothing else, for its attachment of a
personality, however vague, to. the
objects of his study:

Our Relations With Japan,

A most careful and excellent {nves-
tigation of the yellow peril ta H. A,
MILLIs’s The Japanese Problem in the
United States (The Macmillan Com-
pany). This study was made for the
Commission on Relations with Japan
appointed by the Federal Council of
the Churches of Christ. Mr, Millis,
who ts professor of economics at the
University of Kansas, went to the
Pacific coast and made an tnvestiga-
tion which would enable the commis-
sion to report with due and Intelligent
Sympathy to our missionaries tn
Japan. At the same time the Federal
Counc!] sent Prof. Shatler Mathews
and the Rev. Sydney L. Gulick to
Japan on behalf of the American
churches to express our good will and
bring back a report from the point of
view of the people of Japan.

The commission also conveyed a
memorta!l to the President and the
Congress of the United States as fo!-
lows:

The awakening of Asia and her rapid
acquisition of {mportant elements of Occti-
dental civilization Inaugurates a new era
!n world history tn which Aala te to play
& great and increasingly important role
Whether that rOle shail be one of peace,
good will and mutua! cooperation, or one
increasing suspicion and

largely on the attitude of
Western nations themselves,

Tt hae seemed to many of our citizens
who have become familiar with the ques-
tlone raised by
over

the

The Japanese problem, ft Is evident, |
{involves two questions, one relating to
the admission of immigrants and the
other to the treatment accorded to
those who are here,

Mr, Millis gives excellent Now we banpes (8 kagw the name of an

tables of

artist who was making copies of anctent
Statistics as to tmmigration showing | mosates and frescoes for the Roman ama
the increase In number since 1898, | teurs of this period (eecond quarter of the
The largest number came t!n_ 1900,) seventeenth century), one Antonto Eellsst,

when 12,626 entered, the number be-
ing explained by the diversion in that
year of the Japanese from Honolulu
to Pacific ports, The largest number
come when quite young; 22.6 per cent,
come when under 20 years of age, and
58.2 per cent, when under 25. Out of
a total of 129,908 immigrants 56,543 |
were farm laborers; merchanta and!
numbered 7,623, and skilled

who was itn the employ of Cardinal Fran
cesco Barberini, nephew of Urban VITL.,
ind has left two volumes of drawings of
Rtoman mosaica, frescoes and tnacriptionsa
signed with his name and dated respec-
tively 1639 and 1640 [now In the Vattcan
library). Many of these drawings are
coples of monuments which are also re-
produced tn the Da! Pozzo collection If
we compare his copy of Cavallini's "Ma
donna’ tin & Maria in Trastevere with that

in the Dal Porso collection, the Identity
laborers 4,988, The usual reasons for | o¢ handiing te eo apparent that we are
Immigration are lack of opportunity | forced ta conclude that Ecliss! was the

in Japan and the natural tendemoy of | auther of beth Grewings, and was om-

THE SUN, SUNDAY, JULY 26, 19165.

“made the worst | residents, parents, wives or children |

 

 

 

ployed by Caasinno dal Porto as well as

by the Barberini.

Prof. Morey therefore attributes his
reproduced drawings en bloc to An-
tonio Eecliss!i, together with many
others in the Dal Pozzo collection that
“show the same technique.”

The present objects of Prof. Morey's
| interest are the fresco in the apse of
| 8. Lorenzo fn Lucina, the tribune
mosaics of Santa Maria Nuova, the
apsidal mosaics of San Teodoro and
of Saints Cosma and Damiano; the
frescoes tn the oratory of 8, Puden-
ziana, the tribune of 8, Passera and
the Chapel of St, Nicholas in the
Lateran Paluce, with a chapter on
‘Pietro Cavallini, formerly “a rather
pale personality among the painters
of the thirteenth and early fourteenth
centuries,” nucleus of a collection of
attributions now found false, and se-
iriously misreported in Vasari's biog-
raphy. The mosate decoration of the
| lower part of the apse of 8. Maria in
| Trastevere at Rome exhibits the one
signature of which the present inves-
tigator deciphers the formula with
complete assurance of correctness.

A leading example of the material
drawn from the Dal Pozzo collection
is the apsidal fresco of S. Lerenzo in
Lucina, The decoration of the inte-
rior of this old church was “lost” in
the selcento restoration; it is pre-
served in Eeclissi's drawing This
ehurch ts the one, as readers of ‘The
Ring and the Book’ will recall, where
Pompilia was married,

| Prof. Morey's monograph, with its
} intrinsically interesting drawings and
prints reproduced with admirable

craftsmanship, its full and careful de-
scriptions, its soundly argued arbitra-
tion of attributions, {ts combination of
painstaking accuracy and emwmsthetic
presentation, is an honor to the
from which it issues

press

Women

The study of
Municipalities Wy
(b. Appleton and ¢
Most thorough
Civilization of
We have
the
something like adequate

Citt2ens,

Work
Ritter Besrp
Sompany s the

for

Woman's
Many

m

sury of the work
Women of to-day that
The object of the book,
author saya, is fourfold To pive

notion of the

seen

extent and vVartety of women's Iinter-
ests and activilies in cities and towns
Without attempting a statistical sum-
mary or evaluatiot indicate in
their own wi be spirit in which

 

women have approached some of their

 

  

most important problems; to show to
women alresdy at work and those
just becoming Interested in civic mat-
ters the interrelation of each rticu-
lar effort with larger social problema,
and to reflect the general tendencies
of modern social w is they appear
under the guidance’ of men and women
allke. The task is a jarge one and an
immense amount of material has been
gathered,

The book Is divided into eleven
(chapters dealing with the schools,
public heaith, the social evil, recrea-

tion, the assimilation of races, housing,
social service, corrections, public
| safety, civic improvement, government
and administration.

Woman's work tn
educational system has been profes-
sfonal, official and voluntary The
question of higher education for wo-
men {s taken up and the four
| ward States that provide no
| college for women, New Jersey, Dela-
| ware, Maryland and Virginia, are
shown in thelr delinquency. New
Jersey women are ardently pushing
| this work and Mrs. Beverly Mumford
has been working hard in Virginia
for the same purpose against settied
llethargy and unintelligent prejudice
In Virginia there are particularly
drastic laws discrimingting against
women as teachers and. principals.
Four States, Colorado, Idaho, Wash-
tngton and Wvyoming, have women at
the head of thelr school systems, and
there are now 495 women county
superintendents ‘in the United States,
In Montana man only holds the
office of county superintendent. The
biggest battie waged by women for a
ehare {In the administration of schools

the schools and

packK-

Staie

 

one

 

was that of Chiengo and, !t resuited
in the reinstatement of Mrs. Elia
Flagg Young es superintendent of
{the Chicago public schools, Mrs
Young 18 one of the most able, pro-
gressive and efficient superintendents
ip the country. Some of the itnnova-
tions troduced by women tn the
ischools have been the introduction
of household arts, cooking and sew-
ing. A school of domestic arts and
eclences was established and man-
‘aged by the cluhbwomen of Chicago
A schoo! of mothercraft was estab-
Mshed in New York, and musie, art
and dramatic taste as civilizing ele-
ments In school study have been ac-
knowledged and fostered by women.
A textbook study of selentifle tem-

perance {s another innovation of wo-;

jmmen tn the schools

Manual training, now so widely
adopted throughout the country, was a
protest against mere bookishness in
education It has ted to the schools
for vocational trainini Mrs, Quiney
Shaw of Boston privately supported
experimental classes in carpentry at
ithe Dwight Sehool of Boston, The
Woman's Club of Chicago raised
$40,000 for the Glenwood Industrial
{School for Loys In Massachusetts
during this decade elghteen womens
Lelubs took the promotion of vocational
| training for thelr special task, and
the federations of Mitne, New Hamp-
shire, Rhode Isl and Connectieut
{have urged the
members, It was through the initla-
tive and energy of Mrs, Hemenway of
Boston that physical training was
adopted In the selools Dr, Jessie
Newkirk of the Kansas City Board of

and

 

 

Education has made an extensive sur-|

vey of athletics tn the girls’ schools}
of the country, Physical training has
naturally led to the study of) sex!

hygiene, and Dr. Newkirk recommends
that instruction on the subject be in-
chided in the regular. courses” jn
physiology, thereby doing away with
the stigma that
Among the efforts made by women in
the educational line are the visiting
guild for crippled children and exten-
|} sive work with mental defectives
| Vacation sehools, garden clwbs, night
schools, visiting teachers,

tguidance, edueational and industrial
unions, trade schools are among the
important undertakings whieh women

have carried through

An Interesting opening for women is
that of school planning and
To Miss Alice M
has recently been given the contract
to build Publie School 39 in ‘The Bronx,
and she has already built schools in
Jersey City and Brooklyn, She came
out second in the competition for the
extension to the Metropolitan Museum
|and third in the competition for the
New York Public Library, Attention
is called to Miss Elsie Dennison's hook
jon “How Women May Help the Pub
Ne Schools" through giving attention
and extra ald to study recreation
rooms, school clubs, social

 

ame cause upon thetr|

attaches to the name.!

vocational |

building, ,
Durkin of New York)

 

 

SR nnn

athletic leagues, medical inspection,/In his function as consoler and sus- | Samuel W. McCall, has preserved a

music gardens, truant officers, open|taimer of those w
up | has reviewed the subject from Socrates
women to the Society for Psychical Research

alr classes, defective and catch
classes, &c, Furthermore

have been very active.in establishing |and drawn forth much to hold the at-
libraries in settlements, Y. W. C. A.'s,| tention of those who wish to browse in
homes for working girls, rescue homes, the speculative field,

rural centres, village centres, church |
A to us that nothing Is more important

societies and other Institutions.
very slight glance at women's activi-
tles in these Iines of spreading and
abetting a true culture and an equal
| een eee for all shows what a sad
world we should live in were women
to retrench their efforts and confine
| their interests again.

| Chapter Il. deals with women's ac-
|tivities for insuring the public health.
| They have had to work against popu-
lar indifference and opposition of in-
terests, using only the feeble means
‘of indirect influence, They have es-
|tablished clearing houses for informa-
‘tion and guidance to avold duplication
of effort. The gifts of women for
health education are partially enumer-
ated, beginning with Miss Garrett's
recent magnificent bequest to Johns
Hopkins on condition that it admit
women to the medical sehool on equal
terms with men. A woman, Dr. Louise
Pearce, is Dr. Simon Flexner’s first
assistant at the Rockefeller Institute,
The Red Cross Christmas sea! for the
fighting of tuberculosis is a woman's
undertaking and has raised great sums
of money for the care of the tubercular.
Women serve on the Association of
Tuberculosis Clintes of New York, and
the Buffalo Federation of Clubs, Or-
ganized Women of Minneapolis,
Womass Municipal League of Boston,
Civie Club of Allegheny County, Penn-
syivania, are among the organizations

If in our human limitations it seems

than the development of a soul and the

| widening of consciousness, then indeed

‘processes at the vital moment,

insisting on open air schools for anm- |

mic or tubercular infected ctdidren.

Women are also behind the agita-
tion for the prevention and abolition
of occupational diseases; they have
promoted family visitation among the
poor, district nursing; have interested
themselves effectively in infant mor-

 

  

tality, milk inspeetion, child welfare,
protection of illegitimate children, pure
food jaws, pure drugs, pure water,
public baths, public laundries, clean

streets, garbage disposal, the elimina-
tion of files, mosquitoes, rats and pest
spreading insects, the silencing of city
and many other preservatives
of health, Woman have doubtless
heen the most effective workers against
the social evil The cynicism which
believes that what has been must al-
ways he has not daunted thern.

The work of women for normal and
healthful recreation; for coping with
housing problems; protection of
ferior orrections in juvenile
courts, appointments of polleewomen;

noses

races; ¢

   

  
 

 

     

protective aind) probationary work,
ition, and legal aid to
: incompetents; prevention of
erime by educating mothers in social
centres; prosecution of violations of
the anti-cigarette law have beem more
Widespread than any one not truly in-
timately conver t wihth women's
work can conceive.

 

Schools of the Future,

In Schools of To-morrow, by Joun
Dewey and Eve.yn Dewry (kf. P.
Dutton & Cod, are recorded the im-
i pressions of Miss Nvelyn Dewey, who
made a survey of experimental
schools in different parts of the coun-
try, together with some theorizing by
, Dr. John Dewey. The sehools used for

{llustration were chosen, Dr. Dewey
admits, at random, because he had
alrendy seen them or because they

were conveniently located. The struc-
ture of the book is also the outgrowth
of the modern random education in
English The second page of the
preface, for example, shows two suec-
cessive paragraphs beginning with al-
most identieal phrases, The book
bears every mark of haste and cure-
lessness as to form.

Dr. John Dewey is widely known as
an advocate for new and experimental
methods in education. It is impossible
to know just how these methods will
work out until we have seen a gen-
eration or two of grown people who
have been subjected to them. In the
present book Rousseau constantly
quoted as an acceptable authority and
discredited Our real teachers,
the are experience and
emotion, and yet it would seem to the
plain man that the funetion of educa-
tion is to verify experience and cor-
rect emotion by acquired knowledge
Our present edueation {s sald to be
eruel because it consists in the sac-
rifiee of the present to the future
Yet one of man’s distinguishing traits
as man is his capacity for foresight
and his ability to make sacrifices of
the lower to the higher; of the mo-
ment to the future; of the temporary
to the enduring.

The schools, these
should give the utmost
dividual development. Yet all of life,
work and Intercourse afterward re-
quires some suppression of Indlvidu-
ality. It ts stil] a question as to how
a child brought up on “utmost in-
dividual Hberts" will fit Into the com-
plexity and diMfleulty of modern life.
Doubtless the effort to release us from
an education of mere memorizing and
information {s good, but {tt is
equally certain that the best education
will find a middle way between the old
discipline and mental effort and the
modern fad for ease and enjoyment.

The chapter on “Freedom and In-
, dividuality,” defining differences be-
tween the methods of Mme. Montes-
and American educational re-
formers, is !nstructive. If anything

also

say authora,

authors state,
Uberty of in-

book

sort

the American reformer goes further
than the Italian reformer.
! The book contains netther tndex

nor bibiography. The chapter head-
ings give no clue to the schools or
localities examined, Indeed the struc-
ture of the book, which ts evidently

excellent instance of the result of
doing things easiiy and too
quickly It is easy writing, but hard
reading Rambling theorizing,
thinking and haphazard illustration
|} do not instruct or convince, Nor can
!a book thus made be used as a refer-
enea work, For those interested in
,; modern educational reform, however,
this book gathers together a number
of conerete iMustrations, The general
tendeney to supplant too severe in-
hibittons by wholesome activity and
interest {is certainly commendal ec
provided it does not go too far; and
the plea for technical trade training
and vocational education {js one to
whieh the world at this time is bound
to jisten,

too

loose

The Great Question,

There come times to each of us,
doubtless, when the great question of
continuance or annihilation faces us
and demands response, *When those
dear to us pass the border or when
the new adventure stares us in the
face the question rises again. 7s Death

| preeminently

death, which so often cuts off these
must
seem elther the dastardly crime of a
malevolent power, or just the inter-|
vening hand of progress, the opening
of the door to a new and <trange ex-
perience. The question then of con-
tinuance after death is all wrapped up
in Whether or not one accepts a purely

mechanical universe, with conscious-
ness as a chance by-product, of
whether we have learned to put faith

in some hidden, yet surely ethical, pur-
pose In Iife.

Had it not been for the recent amaz-
ing outbreak of conscienceless bar-
barity, involving half of Europe, any
writer might have proclaimed with
conviction that morality and civiliza-
tion were steadily increasing, that men
were assuming responsibility for man.
kind and that a keener racial con-
sciousness than ever existed before was
at work, Such a development would
have strengthened the general faith in
a purposeful universe, The Ingersoll
lectures on immortality, dealing, a*
they did, with various aspects of our
faith In a future after death by inter-
esting and distinguished thinkers, cov-
ered this fleld of inquiry in short and
vital monographs,

Mr. Holmes says in his preface that
from his earliest years he has been
interested in specula-
tions pertaining to the idea of survival

after death. For years, he records,
he has both studied and meditated
upon the subject. The book shows

more signs of study than of medita-
tion, for if, dealing with so vital a
problem, a book seems heavy and dull
it is just because the gestative period
of meditation has been scanted.
Neither matter nor manner conveys
personality. Where no definite
clusion upon a subject can be logiealls
attained conviction and interest in a
book must depend upon the vigor of
personality that permeates it. The
question of life after death @® sull
purely speculative; yet any one read-

cone

_ing William James's “Ifuman Immor-

tality”
in

will come away
his conviction that

strengthened |
man with the)

in. | Measuring rod in his hand cannot in-

deed take account of all the ways of |
the universe. |

Two aspects of our faith in immor-
tality Mr. Holmes has not touched
upon; first, the very common and
widespread sense of prenatal experi-
ence. Since Plato goes into this as-
pect very thoroughly, and Shelley, |
Wordsworth and Browning deal with
it, it seems odd that the present au- |
thor should have overlooked it. The
second aspect, totally neglected by Mr.
Holmes, an aspect less widely but yet
widely enough considered to merit
mention is the steady increase of a
form of consciousness Which momen-
tarily escapes the limits of time and
space, Tt was with this consciousness
that Gautama understood the death of
sin, fear, desire and the attainment |
of a state which he called Nirvana;
Jesus called this consciousness the)
Kingdon of God, Paul identified it}
with the second coming of a Messiah |

when all men should attain it. Men
like Plotinus, Boehme, Blake, Whit-
ian and Edward Carpenter are ex-!

cellent exponents of this new faculty |
Which is surely in line with the direct
ascent of the race. By this experi-
ence a man may know more of the
spiritual life in a few moments than
he can learn in years of study, But
it is conveyed not by the ordinary
means of learning and collected proof
but by a conviction which every hights
developed personality carries in ite
self. The passage fromeself-conscious-
ness to cosmic consciousness is a
phenomenon comparable to the pas-
sage from simple or animal conscious-
ness to self-consciousness

Mr. Holmes deals first with our in-
timations of immortality, saying that
man {is obviously a being who belongs
not so much to the visible realm of the
senses and things material as to the
invisible realm of thought and spirit.
that from the beginning he occupies
himself with symbols and abstractions,
with beauty and spirit, agreeing with
Sir Oliver Lodge that “life is not a
form of energy © © © but belongs
to a Separate order of existence which |

interacts with this material frame of
things, and while there exerts guid-

‘ance and control on the energy which

/Omce admitting this, it

|

the work of the younger author, Is an!

|

already here exists.”

The chapter on “Immortality and
Evolution” continues the discussion by
taking for granted that life {s under
the control of an ethical intelligence
is not difficnlt

to for some kind

make an argument
of tmmortality. But if there be a God
why did He create so imperfect a
world?) Here the great problem of an
evil World and an omniscient, all pow-
erful God arises again. It cannot
sald that Mr. Holmes makes any con-
tribution to this subject, and modern

students are likely to take solace in
some such ideal as Tergson’s elan
vitale, the ultimate reality or univer-
sal principle underlying all. and to be.
lieve that life is free and unceasing
activity {In an open universe

Mr. Holmes considers that smmor-

tality is susceptible of proof, that al!

Indications point not only to its prob-

ability but to its practical certainty;
that it !s unconditioned and the nat-
ural inheritance of a!! men; but as
to conception of what such immor-

tality may be Iike he advises suspended
Judgment. The chief suggestion that
he makes along this line is that life
after death is likely to seem a natural
progression from this one To accept

 

the spiritual interpretation of I!fe is

to accept the hope of {mmortality
The book is valuable largely for

{ts quotations and {ts bibliography

Vnitarianism with tts emphasis on the
ultimate amiability of all things
not asa rule produce austere thinkers
James Martinenu was the exception to
this rule, The book does not escape a

 

certain tendency to diffuseness and
supineness which belongs to that
school of thought,

MR. REED'S READY WIT.
Never for Display: Always for

Porposes of Debate,

A reputation as a humorist {s usuaily
disastrous to a man tn publfe life
There is danger that euch a man wil!
never he taken serfously, That Thomas
1} Reed never lost bis standing as a4

the End? (G. P. Putnam's Sons), by | statesman through his fame as a wit is

JOHN HAYNes HouMes of the Church
of the Messiah in New York, is an ex-
haustive, if not very original treat-
|ment of the subject. The ground has

centra|been pretty well covered already and

parties, publto kindergartens, school/the Rev. Mr. Holmes has read widely,

t proof of his greatness. tle never gave
rein to his propensity to repartee for
the sake of display, says the Youth's

Companion, but he used his sharp and
ready wit ds he used his other great

powers, for the definite purposes of ef-
fective debate. Hig poavapher, Mn

ho have suffered he | umber of anecdotes that illustrate the
| readiness

and keenness of his wit

    
 

One day in one of the lobbies with
many of the members lou: & about
Gen Henderson was chafflng Reed about

nia size, and asked, “How much de you
Weigh, Tom?" Reed re Rravely
that he weighed 190 pounds, which wae
probably seventy-five pounds under his
real weight. “Oh, we all know better
than that!’ sald Henderson

  
  

“Well,” sald Reed, “ll own up to
200° pounds, but no gentleman ever
weighs over 200,"

Onee the House was making an ef-
fort to obtain @ quorum, and, ag {9
usualivy done {n such cases,

iegrams
were sent to members who wera vhsent

    

One man, who was delayed by a food
on the railway, telegraphed Reed. ays
“Washout on line, Can't coma”
Reed telegraphed back, “Buy ar ther
shirt and come on next tratr
Hie called on the family of a member
who was very JI, and when he ing red
;about his condition the memiere wit,
replied that he was out of his head

much of the time and did not know what
he was talking about. “He ought to
come up to the House,” replied Reed;

 

“they are all that way’ up there
When Reed was Speaker he oven
led on one occasion a polnt of wider
made by a very clever Democragia
member The latter discovered that
Reed, In his ttle book on parliamentary
procedure entitled “Reed's Holes had
taken a different position, and + nking
to confound the Speaker he walked tq
triumph to the desk, book tn hand and
pointing to the passage asked the
Speaker to read It. After the Speaker
read jt the member asked him to age
plain ft “Oh,” replied Reed idly,

“the book ia wrong.”
Ile was bitterly oppored to our wap

‘in the Philippines, and he expressed nig

idea of the glory of the war ® fol.
lowing fashion: One morning, when the
newspapers had printed a report that
our army had captured Aguinaldo's

young son, Reed came to his office and

found his Jaw partner at work at hig
desk Reed affected surprise, and sald,
“What, are you working to-day? f

should think you would be celebrating,

   

1 see by the papers thar t! American
army has captured nfant son of
Aguinaldo and at e n'a was
in hot pursuit of the mother’

Alineing to two of his colleagues tn
the Hlouse, he satd, °T) never open
their mouths without subtracting from
the sum of human know!ledae

Once when he wae speaking to the

House a member insisted on tnterrupt.
ng him to ask a question Read
vielded, and the member asked a partte
san question which had very I!ttle point
Reed most effectively d!

f the
matter by saying, "The gentleman from

vosed

 

Maryland ts. of course, not the flower
of our Intelligence, but he knows bet.
ter than to ask such a question ag
that.”

During one of his campaigns he was
‘speaking at South Berwick his Ale
trict, and he was near the end of his
speech The atdience was hanging

upon the worde of his peroration, when
a man came down !n his seat with @
crash. Such an aceldent would discon.
cert most speakers, but Reed at once
resumed the command of his auttence
by saying, ‘Well, you must at least
credit me with making a knookdown
argument.”

ORIGINAL “HAROLD SKIMPOLE.”

Newly Discovered Letter on aa
Old Literary Identity.

Was Harold Skimpole, in ‘Risak
House, a caricature of Leigh Hunt?
The old literary enigma will receive at-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

tention again by the discovery of a
hitherto unpublished letter of Charlas
Dickens by "“C. K. &.," which {9 repre
duced in his literary columns tn the
Sphere.

This new letter is probably an answer
to the last appeal of Let mace
to the novelist to give n @
public manner that the w 1 i+
ture Skimpole was t a portrait of
himself. Zealous Dicktnstins ave 4
their utmost to clear the novel sts ’
In respect of this charge of erur "
jeaturing a noble man, b \ e ®
‘little if any support from I> nss own
words

And the new letter is on'y ore mere
evasion “My dear Leigh Hur 4
Writes from Gad's Hill, tn J 5

| me, rs it
matter: nor { 1 ter
the book itsel would be a
forgotten absurdity, and to ¢ "he
very association that is ¢ ed
and discard:d © © ® Ry ae "C,
K. 8S." points out [fn his cory
on this literary find, there ts amp'e evte
dence that Dickens was sor f *
portrait and vowed “never to s y

more.”

CARLYLE NOT BAD TEMPERED,

 

   

One of Hin Servants Tells of ite
Gratitade for Services
As to the democrat ser ‘e
graphess? Ory of Car 4
Jessie, who on marryicg irq
Broadfoot, has left a ve f °
pression of her old master, sais ['1¢@
| London Standard
| could have ed with ' a y
dave’ she save. “and (t alwava “4
me angry when I read. as ea
do, that he was bad t 4
the very reverse r
would have left him « !
not gol ‘
great pride in atte !
studying all his wants a Vises
“It was one of my duties ¢ $
and move ' street 1
things of th 1 Ma & .
me e
his 4 es t 4
bed for him, a A
to light I always “0
(he bought tn flat t
at ON reguls ‘6 ‘uu
so grateful ¢ ate

UNDERSTOOD HIS PROFISSION.

Lesson Drawn From a Young baw

yer'a Apt Hemark,

 

  

  

The professor of jurispr ein @
Western university was eto A

marred mbr lawvers 1
Whe inv one In Ame z 4
propert ine fe “ ‘
\ rin ‘ ant own ¢&

But the professor said 1
nar Ws a ranch, gets ”
with his neighbor, as 4
put into the penitentiary \
“wr ' P

Vie ‘ isuna * ‘
is Youth'a ¢ 7

weodad or
v the profe as
ne of

That wa suppose :

mst ut one
mwyer would get tt

Ther wis a hearts ‘,
and h professor 4

We leurn two th

mark ‘ a lawyve
erin il

Author of “Annie Eaor

“Nini Laurie’ has ag
Just now, since, accord t
ally accepted story, !t 4
a soldier in Flanders to Ms
at torne “Phe write vai \
las and Annie Laurte . .
four daughters of Str Rover :
Maxwelton Sad to a
London Chrontele, Ant :
her ardent love ii) ‘ .
was killed in Flanders, bn at i ese He.

y liar in 4 ’
Annie was led to the allar ae

Alexander Fergueson of Craisdarr