Saseakx .
og

E

ae ae

se ae BAS ETE

ee ae

=:

ae nee bears:

 

,

Making baskets for provision merchants.

New Convalescent Home Where They
Are Taught Trades---Heavy Toll
of Eyesight in the Trenches

HERE
lists in

ed on this seore.
imagined that

battle casualty
that

are two Some alarmists have

France never there are as many as

leave the grim confines of the {2% thousand men now scattered
wave Stee . through the hospitals and garrisons
Ministry of War. Cne is voluminous, of the republic who will never see
appalling in extent, filled with thou- ain. Other estimates, more conser- |

¢ Vative and probably more trustworthy,
have it that there are to-day in France
Names of “the men who won't come fifteen hundred blind soldiers,
back.” | One thing only, however, can be}
The other, so jealously guarded, is Stated with any certainty. The pres- |
: : : ent War is causing more blindness than |
inconsiderable in point of size. The any previous known conflict. Men do |
names it bears are numbered merely | most of their fighting at long range |
Yet. small as it is;in the trenches where the only ex-
mighty roll | Posed portion of the body ts the head. |
of the dead, it bears a terrible import, Ae Se ene ect on eee
,Wounds is the inevitable result. And)
for this is the list of those who have where there are head wounds there is
given not their lives but their eyes to | blindness,
The first thing the Government)
;does for them is to present each with |
ja pension of $175 yearly, which as

sands upon hundreds of thousands o

by the hundreds,
with the

 

by comparison

France, the men whom the fortunes of
war have stricken blind.

 

The lot of the blinded soldier 'far as it goes is very well, for a little
is so provocative of sadness and horror | money stretches a long way in)
in the hearts of every man and woman! France. A Parisian of the lower mi4-|

,dle classes can with rigid economy |
who comes face to face with it that live several monthe on that sum:

France fears to learn the truth about! with the same amount a peasant cao |

the hundreds to whose share it has| very nearly eke out a year’s bare ex-
fallen jistence if he returns to his native!
4 | i age ° ‘Aan |

So the lists of the blind are never Village in the provinces

published, but rest in seclusion at the But the pension, even supposing it!
War Office side by side with those of; were ten times the size, could only |
the myriad dead. (mly the families! solve half the problem of setting the |
and friends of these hapless ones learn) blind soldier on his feet. And since
of thelr great affliction. The nation/actually it is quite inadequate in nine |
as a whole has sufficient sadness with-| out of every ten cases to furnish its
out this adaitional drop being added, recipient with even the simplest ne-|
to its cup of bitte lcessities of life the Government can-!
And no one outside not content there. It must go
can say how ynany further.
there are in France to-day, any more| The problem is a great deal more!
than any one can exactly how!than a mere question of building a
many «f France's fighters have fallen| roof over the blind soldier's head and
in battle since last August. | putting foou {nto his mouth, If that
Countless guesses have been hazard-|l were the only difficulty the poorhouse|

 

rness
official
blinded

circles
soldiers

rest

state

“YOU ARE AN AMERICAN,” INSTANTLY ANNOUNCES ALL

English Seem to Take! Stil! 1 doubt whether it would be a
a — ; ; ! good idea for a man to break his wife's
Pride in Discerning nose in order to make her more
the Fact and in Let-,

beautiful, |
ting the Tourist Know

I will grave her name here on the

 

tablet of fame, so that when you go|

again to London when the war is over !

 

 

you may be able to see her. It Ja!

By ROBERT CORTES HOLLIDAY, | 2 lzabeth, |

avai ' ' He was a cats’ meat man, And on}

“ ho will buy my si ve lavender? | his arm he carried a basket in which |

And make i t “W nd nice! was a heap of bits of horse flesh}

HE was a wretched looking crea- (such I have been told it is), each on}

ture, with a great basket; and q gliver of stick There was a little |

it was so she sang through the) qog playing about near by “Would

street. Ly ¢ you know where We | you care to treat that dog to a

are, for this is one of the old crieg of ha’penny’s worth of meat, sir?” asked
London town I the man

For the sake of my clothes, and fur I had never before treated a dog to!

the noble pleasure of associating for

anything, though treating is an Amer- |

ican habit. So I “set up” the dog to |

|
an instant with the original of a cols |
ored print of old London types, a “Thank |

a ha'penny’s worth of meat

bought 4 sprig of lavender, “Thank | you, gir.” said the cats’ meat man.|
you, sir,” she said, | 1 saw by the light come into his eye

I saw it coming; ah! yes, by now T) that he had recognized me. “You are |
knew she would, “You are an Ameri | " he began. “I know it," I said: |
can, sir,” she added, eying me with | «7 am,” |
Interest. I looked at the wretched dog. Would

You would think that since the} phe too accuse me? But he ate his |
“American invasion” first began ever) meat and said never a word, Per-
so long ago, sometime after Dicky haps he was not an Englishman. No, |
Davis “discovered” London, they, the!) | think he was a tourist too, like |

British, would have seen enough of us

myself. I wes glad I had befriended |

aecustomed to

 

to have become us bY him in an alien land.
now. But, as you have found, it is not “What is the price of this?” T asked.
so--we are @ strange race from over| “Thri'pence?” I inquired, reading a’
the sea, sign
“You are an American, sir,” said the; «Three pence,” pronounced the at-
barmaid. She was a huge youn yendant very distinctly. It was at
woman who could have punched my his way of saying, “You are an,Amer- |
head in I am not so delicate, either. joan,” |
And she had a pug nose, I went into an office to see a wan |
"I do not so much care for Amerie I Know. “How are you?" I said in |
can Jadies,” she said, “ET think they my democratic way to the very small |
re a bit hard, don’t you?" Then, , office boy. “You are looking better |
perhaps feeling that she may have! than when I saw you last," I re-|
offended me, she quickly saded: “Not! marked with pleasant home humor. “T
course that T doubt that there are) never saw you before, sir,” replied the |
roaideniike ladies in America," office boy, “He is an American,” I
They are a curious people, these) heard him, apologizing for me, tei |
Mnglish, with their nice Ideas, even the typist.
mong barmaids, of the graces of a Some considerable while after this |
nellow society. For some time Teould | went to this office again, I had quite |

 

rot understand Why she Was so beautle | forgotten the office boy. I
ful Then T perceived that it was bes) him my ecard. A bright lad, he, “I'm
eouse of rono She looked just like) feeling much better, sir," he said,

e goddesses of the FE no omarbles, In Pall Mall there is @ steamship

are broken, you know. ! office in the window of which is dis-

|

lsent to the “Quinze-Vingts” lost every
vestige of hope when they learned | president of the famous Pasteur Instl-

| through,

| walked

. England, 1

j; aers.

handed | did not see any International signifi-|

8 THE SUN,

 

 

would remove it at a stroke. The real Jwere going to resurrect their blind
question is one of taking several hun- a a from the depths of despair the |
dred full grown men whom fortune!hospital of the “Three Hundred” could |
has broken and reendowing them with | net continue as a factor in the work. ,
the courage and the essential func-| Moreover, as the war progressed and |
tions of men, filling their sunken (its victims grew more numerous, the
hearts with hope and training their ancient institution became over- |

listless hands to labor. In a word,|crowded.
what the situation requires is noth-| In February the Government took
ing less than the remaking of the! action. An expansive old building with |

men's “morale” and the reeducation |SPreading gardens on the outskirts of
of their hands and brains. Paris was leased. Early in March
First attempts to meet the situation workmen took possession of it and rap-
were unsuccessful in their issue. When | tally set about the task of transforming
hostilities were only two or three | it into a convalescent home for the
months old and the number of blind) blind soldiers of France, By April
had not grown alarming the Govern- |Most of the alterations were completed,
ment contented itself with equipping | the building was spars.ly furnished
for them a special ward in the “Na- and a staff of funtionaries and nurses
tional Hospital of the ‘Three Hun-|Were assigned to the new project
dred,’ " the venerable asylum for the|T%@" the blind were brought aind duly
blind founded by St. Louis, King of /!nstalled. i
France, in the thirteenth century. But Thus far the Government had made
there is a reason why blinded soldiers | yeoman progress. It had provided for
whose salvation is intended should not} thé Primary contingencies of housing,
he lodged in the hospital of the “Three| feeding. clothing and nursing several
Hundred.” | hundred blind convalescenta. But
The institution, which in colloquial ; Governments, especially bureaucratic
usage is called “Les Quinze-Vingts,” ; Governments like that of France, are

has been associated in the minds of the | Perforce impersonal. They work by |
entire French nation during the six | Precedent and rote and in their scheme
centuries since its foundation with all | Of action the individual, the varying
the real and imagined terrors of blind- | buman factor, finds scant considera-

ness, The Frenchman has learned to | 0

look upon the inmate of the “Quinze- | It so happened, however, that about
Vingts” as a lost soul, a pitiful crea.) the time the Government leased th¢
ture possessed of nothing but melan- | building and grounds of the convales-
cholia and a stomach, It follows then | cent home a new wartime society call-
that the unfortunate soldiers who, dur- | ine itself “The Friend of the Blind
ing the first months of the war, le Idier” was organized under the | -ad-

ership of M. Rene Valley-Rarot, vice-

tute. This society offered its services
to the Government and requested the
privilege of undertaking to insure the
individual welfare of each blind sol-

where they were.

The first man among them who
found himself there refused to credit
the fact. He wandered about, a heart-

rending spectacle, muttering, “No, no,|dier in the proposed convalescent
itis not so! I cannot be blind!” And | home.

when the sound of footsteps apprised | The society hoped to revive the
him of the approach of some human | broken spirits of each man, to traln

being he would call out, “Tell me, is it; him in one of the several professions
so that Iam blind? Am I really in the; open to the blind for which he seemed
Quinze-Vingts'? Tell me!” The mere} best fitted, to start him in
fact of being an inmate of the place | or secure for him a situation
struck terror to his soul. on

business
and to
him aid

keep a benevolent eye

Obviously, if the French authorities | through his life, removing as far asithe most despondent man in the insti- | developing

Eneg-
been

pocket cut. He, the crook, an
lishman very probably, had
“cuter” than I;

American,
It is a curious thing

played a miniature sheet of water. At!
opposite this little ocean are!
small dabs of clay, one labelled Eng-
land, the other Tiny ships
ply back and forth between the two
countries, Observers cannot make out
how it is that these little boats turn
about as they do, apparently of their

sides of

America

and a fact not

 

cayed taxicab drivers in London, those

a high estate. Each and every one

of them used to drive the London to}

own accord, And the scene has con- |} Oxford coach in the days of ‘orses
tinually a number of spectators, (This I met a number of these personages,
was before the war.) fat, with remarkably red faces and
One day this | large honeycombed noses, Not at all

I was looking in at
window, very much interested in this

like the alert, athletic iads, a type of
mechanical engineer, Who have arisen
as cabbies with the advent
What do they know ‘out ‘orses?

It was such an old boy who drove
me from the neighborhood of Russell

problem, Standing next to me was a!
fine specimen of a Pal! Mallian, with
his silk ‘topper,’ his black tail coat,

 

his buttonhole, his checked trousers, Square, where 1 Wis stopping, ¢

hiv large gray spats, his shining boots, ! Chelsea, where | went into lodgings
| his stick and his glass on its ribbon, | He frequentiy had the pleasure of
apparently equally absorbed, I turned | driving Americans, he remarked.

“Thank you, sir,” he said,

natural I required to have my

to him after a bit-—-a quite

shoes re-

thing to do, I thought-——and, “How the| paired, and I inquired of my landlord
deuce do you suppose that thing | Where might be found a good cobbler
works?” I said. He told me that there was an excel-
lent one in Battersea, “In Battersea!”

The tall gentleman slowly turned. I said. “Is there none in Chelsea?
Slowly, stiffly, with an aristocratic! How am I to get my shops clear over

ow

| to Battersea?
“Why,” he replied, “we will send

| the cobbler a card and he'll send some

one over for the boots and——"
“And then, [| suppose,” I said,

gesture, he raised his arm and placed
his glass in his eye, for a moment, I
was frozen by his blank stare, quite
Then he lifted his eyebrow;
the glass dropped and bounded before
him on its ribbon. And he turned and
away. Walked away, I dare
say, to his frowning club, to tell how
he had just been set upon in the |
street and insulted by some atrange |
ruffian. But, you see, I didn’t know;

T was an American, |

“he

the boots are done and so on
in the meantime I could have had the
boots repaired and worn out again.”

Naturally I was for wrapping up
the shoes in a piece of newspaper and
setting out straight off to find a cob-
bler, But my landlord would not hear
of such a thing at all, “Of course
you are an American,” he said,

To Epsom I went in a cart to see I gathered that while such a pro-
the Derby. It was at Epsom, ceeding might be all right in my

country it wouldn't do in England, He

know, that the King's horse

did not want lodgers, I understood,
thrown several seasons ago by a suf-

going in and out of his house with
fragette who lost her life in the act,! parcels under their erms, It would
Well, most of the fine gentlemen of

reflect on him, He was man with
think, wore there,

{a lively mind, and he told me a little
all in! story,

splendid tall gray hats and with their}

field glasses slung over thelr shoul-|

And a horde of the cleverest}

crooks in Furope also,

you!
was

asked the = first
secgn’

“Oh, he's very nice indeed,” replied

There 1 had my pocket “cut” by «| the second housemaid, “But he's not
pickpocket. That is the way they go, Sentleman, He helped me carry the
through you in England, neatly lift) Cals Upstairs yesterday,”
your pocket out. I thought this was} “Could you spare me a trifle, sir?”
an interesting thing, so I told it about | 48ked the errand man in my street,
that I had had my pocket cut, but I| “I haven't had tea to-day,”

Tt's a funny thing, that; isn’t it?
ouy Just being all “Americans” (when

housemaid of the

cance in the affair,

The achievement, however, I dis-| We are not referred to as “Yankees”
covered was much relished by myjor “Yanks"). We are never United
hearers In England, I, an American,| Statesians, It is the “American Am-
had come over there and had my|bassador,” and the “American Con-

SUNDAY, JULY 25, 1915.

he had “had” me, an)

generally known, I believe, that all de-!

who are unfortunate, have fallen from,

of taxis. |

   

will send us another card saying that)
And!

“How do you like the new lodger?" |

Lace making in the gardens after the day’s work in the shops.

possible every obstacle in his way and
smoothing out his path at every rough
turning.

The society's startling offer was
gladly embraced by the Government
and on the same day that the blind
soldiers took possession of their new
quarters it moved in beside them and
commenced its mission of teaching
them “the art of being blind.”

M. Paul Emard, secretary-general of
the society, whom the Minister of the
Interior placed in charge of the con-
valescent home, has already wrought
a miracle for his blind dependents, not
by scriptural “laying on of hands,” but
by more modern methods that have to
do with psychology and science.

In Rumania there is a community
of the blind which is” significantly
named “The Lighted Hearth.” Paul

|Emard, backed by the French Govern-

ment and the society he represents,
has during the past four months cre-
ated a second “Lighted Hearth” of the
blind community under his direction in
Paris, for he has filled it with the radi-
ance of hope where hope there was
none.

“The first three days I spent here
with the blind,” he says, in telling of
his work, “were passed in the midst of
a sort of earthly purgatory. I have
never before seen so much thorough-
going misery foregathered in a single
place, My charges moped through the
long hours of the days, nursing their
bitterness, The stillness of the nights
was broken often and often by their
hoarse sobs as they lay in torture on
their narrow cots,

“At that time our workshops were
not ready, and I was in despair to
know what to do with the men. But
the end of my diffirulties came unex-
pected'y. On the fourth day of our
history here I discovered that our in-
structor in the Braille system of read-
ing and writing—-himself a blind man

Nad learned the trade of a brush-
maker. He said he could teach a man
to make a brush, after a rough fash-
in a few hours,

“T seized the opportunity
found the tools and materials for the
experiment, and, selecting purposely

ragorly,

sul-General.’ 1 have even heard Dr.

Wilson referred to aa the “President
of America.”

| One day I saw a tourist. He was
ian American, a young man I knew

in New York, I found him going into
‘the Houses of Parliament. I was
fond of going in there frequently, and
said I would accompany him,

With an easy stride, at a speed I
should say of about two miles an hour,
he walked straight through the
Houses of Parliament; through the
| Norman porch, through the King's
| robing room, the Royal or Victoria
gallery, the Prince's chamber, the
sumptuously decorated House of
the Peers’ the spacious
hail, Commons’ corridor
House of Commons; glancing
him the while at art and archi-
tecture, lavish magnificence and the
eternal garments and symbols of his-
tory. Returning to the central hall
we passed through St. Stephen's and

 

| Peers, lobby,
}central
}and the

Pabout

the

Westminster Hall and arrived again
In the street,
“How long did it take us to do

that?” said my friend, questioning his
watch.

 

 

ii

Teaching blind soldiers typewriting and the operation of stenographic machines.

Society Organized to Look Out for

}tution, set him to work on a brush
; under the direction of the Braille in-
| structor. The result was that that
iman came to me, before the day was
over, cured of his melancholy.

“'T am saved!’ he told me.
able to do something in life
That is all I ask.’

“Shortly every
had heard his story.
\ cal effect was instantaneous, From
j that moment the men began to ex-
} perience the cheering influence of
hope No sooner had they become
aware of the tremendous fact that
they were still good for something In
| the world than they took heart
| “We made the mistake at
j trying recreation, concerts, games,
| lectures. But we quickly discovered
that the men deserted everything in
favor of work. They would rather
'make brushes and baskets or cane
; chairs than listen to the finest music
we could offer them. It was the same
with games and lectures. We
the psychological value of work
| perior to that of any other diversion
we could devise.”
| A visit to the workshops at the
(convalescent home proves the worth
of the methuls described by M. Emard,
In one room a dozen blind men sit
busily weaving cane seats into the
bottoms of chairs. The chairs come
from a nearby furniture factory, and
the weavers, new as they are to the
trade, are already being paid for their
jwork, A nurse and a blind instructor
direct their labors. They smoke avidly
as they ply thelr long bodkins; they
talk critically of the war situation;
jthey banter each other happily. They
are literally “made men" already
they know it.

In another corner of the same work-
shop a handful of former trench war-
riors are turning out very passabl
willow baskets which will shortly
sold to provision merchants in the big
Parisian markets at “Les Halles." The
proceeds will revert to the pockets of
the blind workmen and keep them in
ltobacco for a fortnight.

' Other professions too re
new votaries

‘T am
again!

other unfortunate

first of

Sue

 

 

 

rapidly

among the

we went through a hundred tunnels
(more or less); the little engine gave
a shrill little squeak now and then; at

old, old railway stations, that remind
one agreeably of jails, rough looking
men in black shirt sleeves and cor-

duroy waistcoats ran ougto the train
to open the carriuge doors, and I for-
the gentlemen altogether, Till at
leneth we came to his station,
| When he had got out he turned
latch the door, and putting his head
nat the window, he said to me in the
pleasantest manner "Good
He wasn't sore at
me That was simply his fashion
of travelling, in silence,

got
got

wo

possible:
aufternoon,

bit!
a Toit

} was going into the countryside

 

 

to the country places where the old
men have pleasant faces and the
maidens quiet eves To fare forth
upon the I highway, to hed

rows wid blossoms and the old lanes
of merrie England, to mount again
the old red hills, bird enchanted, and
jdip the valleys bright with sward, to
jthe wind on the heath, brother, to hills
hand the sea, to lonely downs, to hold
converse With simple shepherd men,

and when even fell, the million tinted,
jto seek some ancient inn for wornth

 

 

The psychologi-f blind soldiers. <A

Their Welfare

in After Life---

Work Their Real Hope

professor from a
Parisian music school holds a class in
piano tuning three times weekly;

there is a daily class in massage; type. |

writing and stenography are being
taught to a seore of clerically inclined
inmates, and every blind soul in the

{institution is undergoing speedy initia-

found;

~and |

tion into the mysteries of reading with
the finger tips by the Braille system of
raised type.

Many too making

are progress as

    

 

performers on the violin, the piano, the
flute and the mandolin, although more
with the idea of keeping their hands
and brains occupied than with any

 

hope of shaping for themselves a mu-
sical career. Under the head of recre-
ation also lacemaking of a rude sort
forms another of their occupations for
passing of an empty hour in the
day,

Every morning rewularly the
soldiers grope their way into the lec-

long

  

 

ture hall provided for such occasions
and listen intently to the reading of
the daily communiqués from the fieht-
ing lines or to any other choice hits
of news that reach Paris from. the

comrades in the trenches. Late evers
ufternoon, when work is over ane the

hands are idle, they locate their par
ticular coteries of friends and clutter
off, group by group, with tapping

canes feeling their uncertain way

 

fore them to a favorite bench or ecor-!
ner in the beautiful old seventeenth
century gardens,

There they await the supper gong

rude lace, some in]
tunes pleked out
ndolin, sé

game of “piquet’

me in making

tening to simple

a battered ma
r quiet

 

1I could not find where to lay om
head. Everything was,as they say in
England, “full up.” It was comir
to rain and the night f eh in
black Would T have to use my roes-
sack for a pillow and sleep in
fields?

At length T found a man--it was at
quaint Godalming, I think here ¢

“Oh, about fifteen minutes,” I re- |!" Ue inglenook, and bite and drop,
| plied ,and where, when the last star limp in

He said he thought he would go/'h® valley had expired, IT would rest
across the way and “do” the Abbey |"Y Weery hones until the sweet choral
next while he was in the neighbor- {Of Morning birds called me on my way,
hood, | There was an ancient character ;

I suppose I could have helped him |!96 long the road, He walked with
in the matter of despatch, but I didn’t |‘ a a crooked atl k His coat.
jthink of it at the time, Later T heard a ae ora it ome Ot clay) bie
of two Americans who drove up to the ee st hound about just below the
abbey in a taxi, Leaping out one said ae 2 prep (wherein, at one aide
to the other; “You do the outside coo a _ pipe), so that his

lf trousers ‘ed i » hotts }
and I'N do the inside, and that way] _. Hae are! At the bottom like a
we'll save a lot of time.” sailor's; over his) shoulder he bore

The thing a man does in America, |% fat straw basket, Under his chin |
' ;, were whiskers: his eves were merry
of course, when he gets into a railroad |. nies 1
train is to light a cigar and begin and bright and his cheeks just lit

i fine rosy oa os ni ai an
talking to the fellow next to him. . vf poles, with a great high
y , ight on each, TIT asked of him ti
There were two of us in the railway ; . wane

"way and we trudged alongs together
carriage compartment on my way , are

down into Surrey, I
of amiable observations; IT asked a
number of pleasant My
object was to while awey the time in
human companionship, “Quite
was his reply to observations,

In rephying to questions he would
commit nimseif to nocming; be
wouldn't even say that he didn’t know,
iT shouldn't undertake to say, sir,” was
{his answer, And then, certainly, there
|was no possibility of pursuing the
{subject further,

He wasn't reading a paper; he
jWwasn't doing anything but gaze
jstraight in front of him, T coneluded

made a number

questions

so,”

jthat he was “sore” at me; T concluded
(that he was a surly bear, anyway,
{And so an hour or so passed in utter
silence,

The pretty landscape whirled by;

“You ure from Meriey,”
delight,

' He told me abeui
74 and he had
schooling’ ir
jhome, a village t
| which Were approaching,
thirty miles or so from Lendon. The
jlast time he had been to London was
;When he was 15. He had then seen
some fireworks there. No = ftlreworks
jin Capel, he said, had ever heen able

he said witn
himself,

never had “a
pis 1th Capel
about

Hle was
single
was his
twenty

houses we

to touch him since, He had been push. | brought

jing on, he said, pushing on, pushing |

on all the while,

); “You were not born in Capel, then?”
|

'T said, Born in Capel! Why, he had
jbeen born seven miles from Capel

The difficulty was that 1 had over-
tooked the fact that) everybody
out of London town at

foes
Whitsuntide

 

famous

   
 
  

 

 

    

 

 

 

  

Chi rhouse § 1 is v he
could not give me ait ’ f-
fered me a bed and break lf
a erown ‘There's »
there.” he said. “but s
fellow something like yourself
said, “I think youl! like him
“You are an American,” remoar
my Jandlord T sat with him
little parlor vwhind It
“a gun over the mantelpile 1 ui t
deal of painted ina and a
stuffed birds in a glass case, He
me if LT liked reading ecaus
did, he had an old dictionary t \
1 was weleome at any time
At length It was the ir for bed
1 followed my heavy hos w
candie up diffieult) stairs l
I} asleep he said.
all asleep!” Lo exclaimed
o
replied my landlord
of them, you know, [tu
are nice quiet fellows, Someti
yourself.’ he added. “I think 5 \
like them.”
In that shadowed, gabled re ,\
n k in sii
re, ] nd int
{Ter e yout wv
| i
unlike myself It Was after my
and eges that T found on my ways
place for a “wash and brush uj
pence.”
‘Traveller, sir nquired
can, in response to my k '
peering cat it)
it Wa r 3 o'ch
afttiern t in) ‘ {
tain relresthine \ topu
that hour me must be a
over three miles rey
traveller all tt way from
A.," said |
I stood my battered st
stick in a corner ar looked
from omy window over
reofs and at the hick of
where he dwelt who when t
had commanded his” presence
“Pmoan old man, ma’am, and
1 seat.’ When Anni the me
my “shavings water
a kind of a tin sprinkling ea
when IT had used it) T took up
malacca town cane and wet tote
see how old Father Thames was «
Ing on
I thought T would buy sor wr
paper and To we nto a
kind of a place T see you ar in

‘!'Wide

;Who give them the news from the
evening ipers or read to m from

  

}

 

 

much reli “ 1 classics
So the blin of the French
republic pass their apprenticeship in

the schoo! of darkness

 

 

But the appre p must come to
an end Th mValescent m has
jmceommodations for only 300 i
ne estimate savs i wi will
take a tol] of at lenust 3,000 4 re 0
« for 1 ri ire f ly
ed, Sor n} ta . +
made for the despairi neweomer
\ ire 1 } |
. ff ney wea ' st Sho
ure Tibite t n von
1 “ Ly m iste o
take their places ew not
row, Ye annot Ma
rough the front door ‘
m ind commer he Y e of
lives vat ided They
S ed on ‘\
tu re w T
j nd E is
shes its f t ”
Som nes soldier '
t ’ mn t ! ‘
\ ghiy t new
| se 4
nr } pra il 1 s
he may
It sends him to a school \ e he
can complete his apprentice bn ae
basket maker, n
what not nd w €
come fi " t hit
po eur
na smal 4 s
\ ! \ “ 1
n < t !
1 ve
vt t m
ayes

LONDON

Ditferences n
Viewpoint in
Minor Customs Jotted

| Down by an Obsery.

|

and

ing Traveller

BROOKLYN ADVE niet

eee

BIG BARGAINS:
We Lead in Value Givin:

Guarar
Play

WINDS

 

 

  

i oi
$5 Month!

Until P

Used Uprights---Bargon?

}>

in 89 AO
Upright 14%

~ ED Se AS eG SE REP SIS

trie ny g
tihi nl 4

$85 F. Connor Ra

90) Wagner '

115 Haynes i;
125 Weser Bros. \,’ ;
135 F. Gabler { is
150 Leckerline a2
160 H. Waters 5

175 Weber

 

33 Monthly Rents °
Morit RATE

GOETZ 2 CO
81-87 COURT ST.
OPEN TYENINGS PROOKE YS

phere hogs SEAN
ee

9 TIO

 

Village and county town I tried and| American, sir," said the shopman | ean