4) THE SUN, SUNDAY, JULY 25, 1915. 9

 

 

 

 

 

| PHOTOGRAPHING THE POETRY OF MOTION IN CLASSIC DANCES

 

   

~
Ou

E 2

 

 

 

Nymphs of the forest at play. Alys E. Bentley and her pupils.
Difficult Art of Catching the Spirit and
the Thought Expressed Mastered
by Two Women

O interpret the buoyancy and) is lost of the symbolism of the dance |

A spring symphony. The Alys E. Bentley dancers.
Their Views on the Inward Meaning
of Recent Renaissance of Greek
Rhythmic Expression

by wrone training and false ideals we and the reason why we ure so hard te

 

supple grace of the Greek | or its artistic interpretation, it gives have unconsciously acquired. All that please It is easy enough to get a
dancer with the camera is an the camera time to arrest the pose, sort of thing has reacted on our minds photograph of a beautiful movement

; us it were, and hold the suggestion, ind wdies unt we we become detached from its continuity of ex-

art quite as subtle as is the poetry of But both Miss Johnston and Mrs. dwarted mentally, physically pression, but it is getting the pose that
bodily motion which the new dance) [Jewitt assert that the primal law, spiritually. ‘To free the body through means something that iss so difficult.

conveys. It is difficult for instance to of success in outdoor photography
catch on the sensitive plate such an | and particularly in getting dance pic-
evanescent thing as the trick of ex- | tres Is not to act at the precise psy-
: chological moment Incidentally,

pression or the passing mood. The speaking of psychology, there is at
wonder is how even the semblance Of) curious coordination of thought. be-
its concrete beauty may be recorded |tween the two women, who are not,
photographically. only partners in business but close |
Since the renaissance of the classic) friends as well, and they have a trick
dance in America, led first by Isadora) of thinking and speaking almost in!

exercise is to develop the sulecon- We must sense the motif, the purpose
of the dance, and express that or we
wholly fail.

scious mind to the peant
work w be possible in wh
one elects to fil And "We must seek to escape the self-
consciousness of the artists theme
selves, for there are very few persons
dancing before the cumera who ure
ebsolutely lacking in self-consciouse
1 predict that it will place photog. hess Thes pose unconsciously.
raphy on a higher plane than it: his What you want is the absence of pose

 

seek

—

s classic revival

   

herself experience 8
wo awakening. Ther

     

=

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

Duncan and followed later by a train}! unison, so close is the professional j ever before occupied ye wilt you are fighting ugainst the
of other disciples of rhythmic expres-| and personal bond between them. | “It is diffienlt, very, to get good aes wee! aah *ness of he dancers you
gion, the necessity of securing visible “Success be d ng pictures, for in i f ' ive to pe i mental response from
: » { 2V honies | Success in taking motion pictures ll akningnarny thats te no sot ry them, which seems 4 radoxical, so it
records of their emotional symph 3 and by this | mean pictures of dancers, ph toxraph ee Peree ter Terai G Gea oaNt
naturally arose. Among the few who; motion, is in getting the precise }your tripod and waiting for tt e dan- Rael a Uti aie eh haat stk Meanie
have attempted the task with the or- psychological moment and holding it! SETH TO: COME VOUS WEY: OU TSS REN) vfore the eamera and the operator
dinary camera are Miss Frances Ben- until the picture is recorded,” savs ; ns aa BOR APE ACS De acs n st ose his technique in the artisue
jamin Johnston and Mrs. Mattie Ed-| Miss Johnston, and in. all of her deer If we get le ¢ 1 negative in te ai At vith Set Hit cnet An pawn
| wards Hewitt, who have done among statements) Mrs. Hewitt concurred j Atteen: Weare satimned, DUE INVANBDIY | a the two ini Batlefactory: whole
other things the famous homes and | *Undoubted)y there is, on the other S necessary to take the fe time ae :
oh Fardens of the country. What they band, a combination of luck and cir- ind time again, for Ww ail seems | Bile na coer r er 2 ads in-
aim to do in reproducing photographi- cumstance that enters in, It is like jready there will be just the turn of a eres ind there is no doubt at all
cally the foremost art of the ancient | adapting the interpretation of art to j hand, the blowing of a t of drapery sut ihat it Will result in a renaissance
G cs is to picture the visible music photography and the vital thing is of © spoil) the compositio Sometimes rt Mn this countrys When we he-
® of bodily motion with all the buoy- course to catch the spirit of the dan- | one figure will } MG vther or the coms slive to the beauty and rhythm
ancy, grace and harmony that are the | cers | re it f one to the other may if. e dar bers wi Ot able to accoms
adjuncts of the classic dance. “To express the beauty and sym- | fect the study or some infinitessimal \ ere : ee at anh this lovell-
That it is an art far removed from) metry hidden in the soul is what the ing that could not be foreseen will | hess to which we respond will be rege
that of motion pieture photography 18 |jeaders of the new dance movement suffi s t picture and the |! tered on our brain t tir it to new
plain to be seen, for the latter by jare all trying to do. It is what the} work m ’ er aga | t For it has come to be under-
5 catching each movement of the body | Jacques Delacroze School near Dres- | One s working acuainst terrible Hod t lat the emitivation and appre-
in continuity can easily express all den, Germany, is attempting and what | odds, for one never nows what ts} Cation of the beautiful have a very
that is in the artist's mind, But in| Isadora Duncan through the Dionysian ne t happen A group going! definite and scientific value in the de-
i the dance the ordinary operator must, art is bringing about, So it is the} | particular movement never!) Yelopment: of the mind and influence
s in the fraction of a second, pin the spirit back of every phase of classic does it twice alike, so the experience the quality of it 4 itput to an extent
1 motif or the mood or the special phase Gancing which is the thing. They are leained on one occasion is no criterion! little realized in this materialistic age,
of the dance to the photographic lens all seeking to convince us of the eters | for another, for it is completely offset ‘There is no doubt but we are com
. and tell the whole story in that scant /nal joy of existence, But, as Nietz- hy entirely unforeseen circumstances. ing to sense just this thing, for I bee
1 period of time. The aim is to secure a sche observes, we are to seek this We try to get the dancers to take slow ve the whoie of i dance move-
1 composite picture which shall embody Joy, not in phenomena, but behind the movements, but in even relatively slow ment is a sort of unconscious protest
: ©. ail the things the dancer is trying to Phemonena, so it will be seen the | Jprocesses you must be in advance of against overcivilization, People are
. express, thing we aim for is the spirit of the Ithe camera, You can't get what you. pining for some sort of physical ex-
To reach that conclusion many eance, the thought the dancers are see, but what you think is going to) pressior re HAVE aw latannan cRaE
things enter into the result, for all trying to interpret to us, that we try | hapne n. This is Where the paychologi- we should live such narrow, self-cene
; a es miiet Ge eyiipacneti> to secure with the camera, cal part of the work cames in Fad Wel in aoa ua Ane tae th
» cally perfect, There must be the light, “We have always been interested iB “It isn't possible to pose your figure, 4 dark cellar sending forth pale ana
> the. hackground, the composition of the pictorial treatment of the human | and expect to get life and action into| mic A AN OfnkE ta find the
> the picture and the climax of feeling naire iy have plreee paerontapie Jit, yet you must have ideal conditions light, The situation is unnat
| FP which the dancer Is endeavoring t0 (S01 ge revival of the ancient Greek to set resulta, We use a ruflex cum: ~The gubutet, about which such &
. interpret, and the photographers try- on. owever, there was small chance Vat d« n take up to n thousandth part: morb { - Dene eae oo re
t me tO Shaleee optically, and an in the iy tind it, but now with these marvel- ean asecond, As the old Greek dancers mart of the wame ee of to RB as
fpace of a snapshot, To do this satis- 144. iving murals being spread out | made the body the channel for all em OE ete area ie ree
5 factorily one must be a wizard of fore- upon the New England hills or wher- |‘ . * ? cain a a aa oe Hanehcee ste a tae pene 5 af : vile and SRR ARS
: tight, a psychological expert, in order ever the high priestesses of the new | leaaneie a to de vi lop self-expression aii seoneie ae on seat) ; re xt ‘t
4 to get not what is actually seen at opt pre gathered there are rare op- |} i roe oe ct wae aha An a eee ) : $3 4 a plan 3
the moment. but what is going to hap- portunities to record them photo- ieee awenind sabe dsb Olan i a \ sony. o and in its
t pen a fraction of a second later, | graphically. eit. ae Bink Ciai FMT RiKaRET Foote Ney SS maroon the
t q Intuition and judgment, and above “It has long been our theory that photographic illustration of it attains! moved from the s aaatteaiote a
. all a sense of the spirit of the a the only way to get the Greek figure | to an equally eminent position, NAMICANBDIE At thE Lane a ae
. ic se ea > ‘ . g x ; ' ; ngo ane
’ Shishi’ and by ore ra get rural | gine a Whe Oe, es ae a et’ Developing poise. A group of the Alys E. Bentley dancers. Above —The “Spirit of the Air,” by Florence Fleming Noyes.) «what must be done is to study the turkey trot, wil! charm and elevate
s fambols on their native heaths. It sky provide a natural environment. ona, re ae |motit of apiocty ge hte ger haga aha Saat pares mplicity and beauty,
iy requires also a knowledge of atmos- Perhaps the great exception to this|pale blue draperies she used for @| country under the blue dome of God's | atmosphere, Against this background | So much of the value of the dance}n theme and then i ? b ce as In their effort to record the new
pheric conditions, Miss Johnston and rule was Miss Duncan's masterly background that made it seem like| great out of doors, From the tower- | the figures appeared quite as detached revival is to come from the out of door ‘sandth part of a ee ep) rae ye phase of physicial expression Miss
4 Mrs. Hewitt, accustomed to photo- | presentation of her dances at the Met- jan al fresco performance, ing height of the proscenium arch the as though in the open and they lost) surroundings, not so much from the she is perhaps pe tige pooh out Johnston and Mrs, Hewitt have been
n graphing in the open, and both lovers ropolitan Opera House, but here “The flat blue tones of the velvet | hangings completely covered the vast | nothing of relative proportion by the | health standpoint, though that express - oe _ Oo rf: " in experimenting with moving pictures
v of nature, seem to grasp that part again it was because of the atmos- | curtains might have been mist or sea] area of the stage opening so there) immensity of the nature of the set- naturally enters In, but from the fact giving 4 He ai Ante re nga salt f celebrated dancers and they have
y of the work intuitively. pheric suggestion of those wonderful or sky or any vast stretch of moonlit| Was everywhere a sense of space and) ting that we forget the artifleialities whtch jemrence af hor Ma ; m ide eels yoia ul Re in, Florence
' The two women have done some| -——- —— Soepetngenapeeceanaged = = —— aneeree 2 See a ” = : : : = —- eomMing WOVER Bnd others n their
: Charming studies of Isadora Duncan, | susio thers # an Almont life size fig-
u leader of the new dance movement RISIAN PAS IMES - a B Ste hen Leacock ure of eoW ni ed Victory which is
e in America, and of Florence Fleming | * * = * = sa V p one of the most famous plastic mas
e Noyes, who has her summer sehool he a fOPPIGOBR as i ce motion in the
at Peterboro, N. H., and her year{ Continued from Fighth Page. o? attendance and he, I suppose, later for ten minutes talk with the French | warmer and closer it {s not for me to} He looked pleased and went away. | tempted but he didn't fall, ws te world, It is to the two photographie
u found studio at Woodstock, Masa.; of SP on tips some one else and so on end- Government. It 8 not worth it, say, ; | When he came back he had the ‘tm aor) ” he ~~ aoe arsiets ng only an inspiration but is
Miss Alvs Bentley, who has carried” gyd turns on the water, But of course | léssly. ae Paris I sound only one place But ] went to the SEROE NOY Be | letter of commendation in his hang. | to take ! hut rm ifraid mustn : : he n an an te 4 x rich they
fs her Work at the Hthical Culture) po man with any chivalry in’ him In this way about 50,000 people in ¥ sere tipping ia 8 peolutely “OUE of the rhe young man that dea ” ’ Would you believe it? The civility “Young man,” T sald, “1 respect your hope ton tain i eiy motion picture
, ny all! Paris ; ; question, That was at the British Em- | was, 1 think, a secretary He was-—I ; tinting. Mii ve done me a service, | photography
1, Sehool to the Adirondacks; the Bare! eyuld allow a harpy to be put to all’ Paris eke out a livelihood by tipping bassy, There they don't allow it. Not |could see it at once—that perfect thing of it! They had printed the lerter,) Peel's M M 1 i a
h . 0) vhess von Rottenthal, who was edu- that labor without pressing her to) one another, loniy ‘the clerks and the secretaries called an English gentleman. I have | ¢véry word of it--except my own name if you oval ; 2 i" oe Bea a ; ate : a
n fated in Paris, Vienna and Florence gceept three cents as a mark of per- | The worst part of the tipping sys- hut even the Ambassador himself rr j seldom seen outalde of baseball circles | --and it explained all about the Am- Position in me <a) aan ee ate COMMUTERS’ CAR IN SUBWAY,
* before she came to dance in the Dig) sonal appreciation, tem is that very often the knowledge |orpidden to take so much as. the so considerate a manner. "| bassador and me being close friends, " Mean our Senate let me know at
h Ctes of this country, Miss Mary Kel- Thus the maitre d'hotel and the) that tips are expected and the uncer-| gmallest gratuity. | He took my card, and from sheer and told of his desire to have me read) CNCC N eve northbound = subwey
Ld KB oof ~Winehester, Mass; Mrs. vitet de chambre and the harpy go} tainty of their amount sauses one to] and they live up to it. considerateness jeft me alone for halt | in the National lAbrary, Le left him \ O tras: at the end of the day
iF Diana Watts, the English woman WhO oy all day from 6 in the morning, when | forego a great number of things that) Phat is why I still feel proud of hay-] an hour, Then he came back for a I took the letter, and I knew of Then by an odd chance, as T passed Ihara Hila ciwatie Mote Gaelade
ie revived the Greek ideal for the per> ghey first “enter into functions,” until) might otherwise be enjoyable, ling made an exception to the rule. moment and sald it was a glorious| course that the moment had come to/ to the outer door, there mal the Brit- | commuters, hound for the Grand Gene
felian of the body; Miss Margaret) peayan knows when at bight when they 7 prought with me to Paris, for ex- 1 went there because the present | day, [I had heard this phrase so often | do something handsome for the young| ish) Ambassador 5 himself. He WAS tin station, Veny, perhaps most of
e Kitw, Miss Mudred Anderson and. jeaye off and they keep gathering in ample, a letter of introduction to the] Ambassador is a personal friend of} in Paris that I reached into my poeket| man. But he looked so calm that 1] stuanding beside he doo wa ne 'O them, ride in the rear car: there exe
e, others who are making a study of «yo cents and three cents and even president of the Republic, I don’t say |mine. I hadn't known this till I went| for 10 cents, But something in the] still hesitated, |} OPEN st, rhere Was Ro MISTAKING TUM. other travellers on the subway whe
ns "%e (reek dance as an art as Well ye cents at a time, Then presently, this in any boasting spirit. A univer-|}to Paris, and I may say in fairness! quiet dignity of the young man held I took ten cents out of my pocket | 1} cold tet! hy his GMs kod hat and bn an speak of this as the commuters car.
id fA profession, I suppose, they go off and spend it in gity professor can always get all the |that we are friends no longer: as soon | me back, So 1 merely answered that | and held it where the light Could | PULOne @ne Ap brass ea atone Ue The cammuters congregate in this
d The Baroness von Rottenthal, who their own way. letters of introduction that he wants, |as I came away our friendship seemed | it was indeed a glorious day and that | glitter from every point of its surface] chest that Bh W eh the Ambassad ear for the very simple reason that
tO S¥sisted the dwellers of Forest Hills The maitre d'hotel, transformed Kvery one knows that he is too simple to have ceased, the crops would soon head out nicely; full in his face The way in which ne awung the door when the train steps in the Grand
ts Gardens to celebrate the Fourth and into a cheap Parisian with a dragon /to make any commercial use of them, | I will make no secret of the matter, | if We got this sunshine, provided there And I said: back and removed his hat showed him MART CRIMMTET ART Hini ee aa naan
" at the same time christen a bird founs @y coat and a 60 cent panama, dances | But I never presented this letter tothe ~ wanted permission to read in the, wasn't dew enough to start the rust, “My dear young friend, J hope 1/4 trained diplomat, nearest to the stairway by which they
a ain, is one of the few dancers WhO payly at the Bal Wagram and himself President. What was the use? It National Library in Paris, All French- in which case I was afraid that if an) don't insult you, You are, T can see it,! The moment had come. T still held can reach the trains with the leas®
Sa herself discovered a law in 8¢- hands out coppers to the musicians wouldn't have been worth it. men are allowed to read there and, in early frost set in we might be badly an English gentleman, Your manner, my ten cents, possible loss of time
e “ing good motion pictures. Her and gives a one cent tip to a lower He would have expected a tip, and of addition, all the personal friends of fooled. betrays it. T too, though IT may seem “My lord,” I said, “I understand your! The observing homebound urban
Jp Movements are naturally slow and so order of maitre d'hotel. The harpy course in his case it would have had the foreign Ambassadors. By a con- He said “indeed,” and asked me if only what Y am, had I not heen, position as the only man in Paris who traveller, having discovered this fact,
wo fre easily recorded by the camera. goes forth and with other harples ab- to be a ilberal one, 25 cents straight venient fiction everybody is the friend I had read the last London Weekly brought up in Toronto, might have! must nor accept a tip, but T insist” takes at whatever downtown station
And ths is one of the principles of gsorhbs red wine and indescribable out, Perhaps, too, some of his min-jof this Ambassador and is given a Times. T said that T had not seen the been like you. But enough of this T slipned the money into his hand, he gets aboard standing room in the
yr] Miss Johosten's and Mrs, Hewitt's cheese at 11 at night in a crowded isters would have strolled in as letter to prove it, provided he will last one; but that T had read one weakness—will you take ten cents?" *Thank'ee kindly, sir,’ said the Am- rear car, and when the commuters
G art, for they seek to secure a proper |ittle cafe on the crowded sidewalk of soon as they saw a stranger, on the call at the embassy and get it, about a year ago and that it seemed He hesitated. He lonked all round.| bassador. leave this car at the Grand Central
dy Mdulation of the movements of the a street about as wide as a wagon. | chance of picking up something. Put! That is how I came to be a friend one of the most sparkling things I) T could see that he was making @ Diplomatically speaking, the incident: Station he takes his chances of drop-
Maneers, nos. however, at the expense! She tips the walter who serves her |it as three ministers at 15 cents each, |of the British Ambaseador, Whether had ever read; I had simply roared | great effort. The spirit of Paria bate| was closed. | ping into one of the seats thua left
| of spirit and feeling. While nothing | at the rate of one cent per half hour/that's 45 cents, or a total of 70 cents our friendship will ripen into anything | over it from cover to cover. tled against his better nature, He was (Copyright, 1913, John Lane Company) | vacant.
aa ee eps eer ey * .

 

: , ; j % . , we FR cae scarce aeasusatiemmaniemmnnieneaen