VOL. LXXIIL—NO,, 306,

    

  

 

REBURR TO THE CITY BANK,

pur IT GETS 70 JULY 7 TO PAY
! BACK TREASURY GOLD,

 

 

qhat Will Be 87 Days Free Use of 61,601),°
‘900 After @ther Banks Had Hed te
quit—Wall @ireet Men Read @ Re
pulse for the Standard Ol interests.

WasHtnoron, July 9.<Treasury officials
who were reticent on the subject Saturday
and yesterday told something to-day about
the transaction involving gold importation
by the National City Bank of New York
which was related in Sunday's Sun. What
happened on Saturday waa that Nicholas
Fish, Assistant United States Treasurer in
charge of the Sub-Treasury in New York,
made a demand dn the National City Bank,
which had been slow in making refunds
on prior similer occasions, for a return of
Government moneys deposited with the
bank to cover gold which the bank had
purchased abroad, and the bank, after ap-
realing to Secretary haw, obtained an
extension of five days beyond the time set
by the Assistant Treasurer for the return

of the deposit.

The beginning of the transaction dates
back to May 31, when the bank asked the
Treasury Department to deposit with the
bank $1,500,000 urider the gold importation
order of last April, which permitted banks
to get United States deposits upon express-
ing an intention to bring from abroad an
amount of gold equal to the amount of the
deposits. The City Bank represented that
it had purchased $1,500,000 worth of gold in
Australia and wanted a Government de-
posit of an equal amount to remain in the
bank's possession until the gold reached the
United States. ‘

Prior to this requeat the gold import
order had been revoked, but the Treasury:
officials say that no notice of this revoca-
tion was giver to the banks. In this failure
to notify the officials declare they made
a tactical error.. According to the story
told by a high authority in the Depart-
ment ¥o-day, the City Bank upon making
its reales was told that the order had been
revoked, whereupon the representative
of the bank expressed himself as greatly
astonished. #He said that his bank had
bought the gold in faith in‘the belief.
that the order was still in force and that
the bank would loee the benefit of the $1,500,-
000 for the period of transit from Australia
if the Treasury did not make a deposi
with it of an equal amount. , f ,

On the same day and about the same time
that the request of the City Bank was re-
ceived the Treasury got an inquiry from
the Chase National Bank of New York as to
whether the Treagury would make a deposit
with that institution equal to an amount

Jowa at the time, and the request of the City
were referred to es . tec? seat Mey 0)
t acting Secreta: r. Keep

waa the City Bank had already purchased
the gold in Australia under the misappre-
hension that’ the import order was ‘till in
force, its request should be granted. In the
case of the Chase Bank, he decided that, as
the bank had not purchased the gold and
would lose nothing if it failed to receive
a deposit, its request should be denied.
Upon his return to Washington Secretary
Shaw approved the action taken by Mr.
Keep. :

Ih dosorttil what occurred on Saturday
Treasury officials said that Assistant Treas-
urer Fish figured that the gold bought by
the City Bank in Australia should reach
San Francisoo not. later than July 2. On
Saturday, therefore, he made a demand
on the City Bank that it return to the Sub-
Treasury to-day the $1,500,000 deposited by
the Government with the bank to cover the
amount of gold to be imported. The bank
protested against compliance with the de-
mand, It set up that the gold had not been
shipped to San Francisco, but to Vancouver,
and that the vessel which was ing it
would not reach Vancouver until July 7.
Mr. Fish was not inclined to grant the
request and Secretary Shaw was appealed
to. The upshot of the matter after much
telegraphic lence between the
City Bank and Mr. Shaw was that the Treas-
ury Department decided to modify the de-
mand so that the City Bank should not be
required to refund the money deposited
with it until July 7. : .

Beyond the statements mage above no
information on the subject of this trans-
action between the Treasury Department
and the City Bank could be obtained to-day.
The Department officials: are inclined to
be sensitive over the criticisms to which
they have been subjected on account of
the many favors that the City Bank has
received at the hands of the Treasury.

The National City Bank renewed yester-
day its importunities to Secretary Shaw.
Frank A. Vanderlip, the vice-president and
active head of the institution in the absence
of President Stiliman, and Milton E. Ailes,
vice-president of the Riggs National Bank
of Washington, which is closely connected
with the City Bank, took charge of the cam-
paign in the effort to retrieve the defeat
sustained on Saturday under the leadership
of John E, Gardin, manager of the foreign
exchange. Since each of these financiers
was formerly an Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury, the bank was bringing into action
its heaviest artillery, yet Seoretary Shaw
held his ground, and at the close of business
showed no sign of capitulation. The con-
viction accordingly settled upon the Street
that for the firat tine in recent history the
City Bapk bad mot with a repulse from e
Secretary of the Treasury.

Mr. Gardin's appeals of Saturday were,
it is understood in Government circles,
repeated to the Secretary yesterday with
the additional afgument by his superiors
that if the Secretary wanted banks to take
the $30,000,600 Panama Canal bonil issue,
announced by the Secretary yesterday,
he ought in files to aid them in bringing
in gold from abroad. In reply the Secre-
tary is said to have expressed confidence
that the bonds would be ‘readily taken
even if one or two of the large, New York
banks held aloof. * ‘

The Street was talking about a rebuff
to Standard Oil interests and considered
this phase of more importanee than any
other as indicating that during the Roose-
velt Administration the hank would receive
no more special favors from the Treasury

Purest wun ol Wult Finakdins ade.

 

 

ON
Speake

       

Plan of importing gold, While Inst week

rr

   
  

 

&

SS aroun

Department bit’ would be treated like
oe aera.

was stated here that the restoration
on Saturday of the previously ptricken
out item of $450,000 for the completion of
the New York Custom House was probably
brought about by Administration infuence.
With the item out of the bill the City Bank

would profit from lon rentals from the
ue t for thé present Custom

» Which it owns. At Jeast, it was
waid, the oases looked parallel and it was
reasonable to suppose that the same strong
cpus was gt work in both.

action of the Seoretary has a) ]
brought about a change in the Gay tank's

& prominent customer of the institution
was told that the bank intended to import
$4,000,000, it was said at the bank yesterday
that it had no intention of bringing over
more than $200,000 in the immediate future,
The sum of 96,000,000 in gold reached London
from South Africa yesterday but none of it
was taken by New York bankers.

Vice-President Vanderlip of the City Bank
said yesterday that he had advised Secretary
baw not to revive bis gold import plan
until fall. Otuer prominent bankers bad
expreseed the same idea and Mr. Vanderlip
had undoubtedly beoome convinced that
the Secretary could not be persuaded to
revive the order now. In the fall, other
bankerg said, when money would very
probably be needed from abroad, the Seore-
tary might revive his order, :

“But,” it was added, “we have every
reason to beljevé that the Cily Bank will
not have superior advantages in the way
of advance information of the order as waa
the case Ist April.”

Call money advanced yesterday to 8 per
cent. Corporations were disbursing about
$168,006,600 in iniérest and dividend paymenta.
These payments combined with the return
of $10,000,000 Government deposits on July
10 and the financing of the Panama Cana!
beought about the stiffness of the rates.
Bankers thought rates would continue high
for two weeks, for it will take all that time
for the dividend disbursements to find their
way back to regular money market ohan-
nels. The only change in time money was
an advance in six monthe bills, which now
carry over the year. The advance was
14 per cent., to 54% and 5%.

A Wall Street house yesterday received
a cable from London saying that $2,500,000
Australian gold had been purchased for
shipment to thie city. The cable could not
be verified up to the close of business yes-
terday. 4

DUMA’S ANGRIEST | SESSION.

Ministers Heeted for Det ing Capital
Punishment —Day of jer.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

St. Pererssura, July 2.—The angriest
scenes observed in the Duma sinoe the
organization occurred this afternoon, when
the House presented a resolution to abolish
capital punishment and invited the Govern-
ment to reply. ee

The Minister of Justice mounted the
tribune and made a speech defending the
existing system. He said thag the crimina
codes of, all great Powers retained this

Peet sBuwgh ot thet” “Raouniisel!

Deputy Aladyin, leader of the 2,
was prominent among the interruptors.
President Muromtzeff's bell availed nothing
to quell the disorder.

Then. Gen. Pavioff, on behalf of the Min-
istry of War, ascended the tribune and
defended the military executions. Hie ap-
pearance was the signal for a storm of ex-
ecrations and cries of “Murderer!” from the
Labor members.

President Muromtzeff descended from the
chair and walked among the gangways,
appealing for order. The leading Constitu-
tional Democrats helped him, but the Labor-
ites, in solid lines in the higher benches on
the left, shouted “Scoundrels!” and “Re-
sign!” e

Gen. Pavloff was surrounded by excited
deputies when he left the chamber, but no
h was offered him.

M, Aladin told the correspondent of
THE Sun to-day that the labor members
were deiermined not to allow Gen. Paviloff
to address the Duma. Their hostility ts
direvted against Gen. Pavloff peraonally and
not as the representative of the Ministry
of War, because he was responsible for
preventing respites from the death sen-
tences in such cases as a youth of 19 years
who was recently put to death at Ri ga.

When the Duma resumed its sitting it
successively passed on its second and third
reading the bill abolishing capital punish-,
ment amid much enthusiasm.

 

TERRORISTS KILL POLICE.

Troopa Substituted for Them in Warsaw
and Two of Them Murdered.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tum Sun,

Warsaw, July 2.—There have been per-
sistent rumors for days that the Terrorists
had organized a general massacre of police-
men, Isolated murders of policomen have
been going on for a long time. Five were
killed to-day.

Consequently all the polloe have now

been withdrawn and troops substituted.

Two of these were murdered this evening.

 

REMOVED OUR FLAG.

 

Canadians Didn't Like to See It Displayed
on Dominion Day.

Special Cable Despatch to Tum Sum.
Orrawa, Ont., July 2.—At a Dominion
Day patriotio service at Queen Street
Methodist Church at Kingston, Ont., the
Stars and Stripes, swung with the Union
Jack, draped the altar. There was a
strong objection to this on the Dominion’s
birthday and the result was that the au-
thorities had to remove the American fieg.

Seven Chitdren in Two Years.

Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun.
\ CONSTANTINOPLE, July 2.—Epsala, a town
of European Turkey, has a remarkable case -
of fecundity.. A Turkish woman there has
had seven children in two years. She had
quadruplets in 1004 and last week she gave
birth to two eons anda daughter. Allarein
excellent health. The mother is 20 years old.

——_——-

Decoration for American Horse Bayer.
Special Cable Despatch % Tae Sun.

Panis, July 2.—At the agricultural show
at Mamers yesterday M. Ruau, Minister
of Agriculture, conferred the decoration of
Chevalier of the Legion of Honor on Mfr.
McLaughlin of Ohio, who annually buys
horses in France for shipment to San Fran-
cisco to the amount of $200,000.

Ex-Minister ef Justice in Spain Dead,
pecial Cape Despatch te Tax Sum.
Mareen sain 2-—Retor Pulgoerva; who
was Minister of Justice in the Cabinet of

Montero Rios last yoar, died to-day.

 

EW. ‘YO

Ne eee en tenant

 

  
 
  
  
  
  
 
   
 
    
    
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
   
  
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
  
  

K, TUESDAY,

   

P.R.R.GRAFT PROBE 100 DEEP

DIRECTORS PROMISE TO INVES-
TIGATE EVERY PHASE.

re ree

Special Committee Reports Employment ef
Audit Ce, te Collect and Tabuiste
very Gerap ef Informetion That Mey
Hear on Sabjeot—Features Explained.

PHILADBLPAIA, July 2.—The.apecial com-
mittee of directors of the Pennsylvania
appointed to investigate charges
of favoritism and \grafting among em-
ployees and officials in connection with
coal traffic t out by the Interstate
Commerce lon’a inquiry made a
partial report to the board of directors to-
day, The committee Ia composed of O.
Stuart Patterson, William H. Barnes, Effing-
ham B. Morris, Thomas DeWitt Cuyler and
Rudulph Ellis. ,

The report’s main features follow:

The committee have carefully considered
the official revord of the testimony taken
before the Interatate Commerce Commission
in tts recent inquiry.

That oficial record shows that of more than
300 operators of bituminous coal mines on
the lines of the Pennsylvania Itallroad fewer
than ten operators have testified that they be-
Heved themselves to have been upfalily dis-
criminated against, elther in the distribution
of coal cars or in the matter of aldings. Fifty-
one of the more than 175,000 officera and em-
Ployees of the Pennsylvania Rallrqgad were
examined, and of those witnesses twenty-one
were shown to have acquired, in various ways,
interests in coal companies or properties,
alleged, but not proven, to. have received
undue and unreasonable preferences in the
distribution of coal cara or in the construction
of sidings. Pespite the public impression to
the contfary derived from the fragmentary
publications of the evidence in the news-
papers, the testimony of the witnesses exam-
ined before the commission does not prove

 

that there have been, in fact, any undue or;

unreasonable preferences, either in the dis-
tribution of coal cars or in the construction
of sidings. + i

The committee fully realize the serious na-
ture of the responsibility, and the magnitude
of the task placed upon them. Charges
affecting the intelligence and the fidelity of
the company's administration and the integ-

rity of a sinall number of its oflicers and em- |

ployees have been widely disseminated, It
is due to the rharebalders and security holders
of the companies that those charges should
be thoroughly investigated.

The committee have, therefore, asked from
every officer whose action could, in any
manner, affect the distribution of coal cars
statements describing the organisation for
and the rules and methods governing the dis-
tribution of coal cars, the reasons for giving
apectial orders, explanations of the conditions
attending the ownership of coal cars by ship-
pers, the rules governing the nee of the same
and the compepsation therefor and all com-
ments, explanations, or stutements which
would be of assistance to the committee in
ascertaining the facts.

The committee has received from every
such officer categorical replies, but until the
company’s records of the dally movement
of cars can be examined and tabulated it is
obviously impossible to know the distribution
of cara actually made, and wherein, if at all,
such distribution varied frem the rules gov-
erning the same.

mmittee~-have, therefore, supine
was neat Company ‘of New York, and have

instructed that company to undertake an
expert investigation of the facts set forth in
and by the Pennsylvania Railroad Company’s
daily reports, and other records of coal car
distribution, during the perlod from ist Janu-
ary, 1900, to ist July, 1906, inclusive; to de-
termine the percentage of cars allotted at all
times to each coal operator, the over and short
variations from the allotted numbers of cars
shown by the figures of actual cara supplied;
to furnish tabulations setting forth the monthly
and yearly results in totals of any such over
and short variations; to add to those tabula-
tions every fact obtainable regarding the
reasons which may have led to the distrib-
uting of cars in a manner different from the
requirements of allotted quotas; to critically
and carefully investigate and report upon
any and all special orders which may have
been issued in any manner, or at any time,
since ist January, 1000, affecting the distribu-
tion of coal cars, and to report to the com-
mittee at the earliest possible moment con-
sistent with the accomplishment of a thorough
and searching investigation.

The Audit Company have entered upon
the performance of that duty and now have
at work nearly fifty trained accountants,
When the Audit Company shall have reported
to the committee the committee will be pre-
pared to fully report upon the effeof and oper-
ation of the past and present systems of car
distribution and the actions of all officers
of the company thereunder.

At the present time it is proper to call
attegtion to the inherent difficnities of the
subject. In the supply, distribution and
movement of coal cars the officers of the
railroad have to regard the Interesta and
just claims fot only of mine operators but
niso of consumers, including other railroads,
navigation companies, municipalities, gas
companies, electric light companies, é&c.,
who must have punctual fulfilment of ship-
pers’ contracts to enable them to perform
their public services; the interosts and just
claims of the public, Oo want the mar'‘et
adeiwately supplied with coal to meet thelr
necessities; and also the intereste of the share-
holders of the railrodd company, which re-
quire the cars to be promptly loaded and
moved so that as much revenue as possible
may be received from the movement; and,
chiefly, the efficers must see that, whoever
else faila to get cars, the shippers who have
contracted to supply coal to the engines of
this company haye sufficent™cars for that
purpose, or otherwise the operations of the
line would be in danger of being blocked,
The fundamental difficulty in the question
of coal car supply is that the shippers’ de-
mands are not so constant during the year
as to justify an investment of capital in ja
sufficient number of cars to meet the possible
maximum demand. ‘There must, therefore,
be a fhir system of pro rata distribution, but
whatever be the system there will inevitably
come periods when the demand for will ex-
ceed the supply of cars, because of increased
market prices, sometimes caused by weather,
sometimes by strixes in other territories or
sometimes by suddenly increased industrial
development, Under! such conditions pri-
ority must be given first to shippers who
furnish coal to the oompariy’s engines, and
next to those whose fulfilment of contracts
will keep other railroads In operation, pre-
vent muncipalities from being left in dark-
nessa or enable steamships to eall, &c, [tt
not to be assumed, without proof, that any
special order was issued by any officer from
any improper motive. n the contrary, the
reasonable presumption is that every such
order was issued only because of a sufficient
business necessity.

Hat the facts, whatever they may be, can:

only be ascertained in detail when the Audit
Company shall have concluded its examina-
tion and reported thereon; and upon the
committee's receipt of that report the facts
therein stated will be fully considered by the
comm ittée.

The question of the independent, or pri-
vately owned, coal cars is not a new question,

Continued on Second Page.

de.

 

JULY: 8, 1906 .—consrton,

    
   

 

600 NATIVES SHOT DEAD.

Tranevaal Volunteera Defeat Opponents
With Terrible Slaughtor.
Special Cable Despatch to Tax Sum.

PIETERMARITZBURG, Ieily 2.—The Trans-
vaal Volunteers have defeated @ force of
2,000. natives near Noodsburg, ing 600
and losing one killed and two wounded,
The natives ‘showed amazing courage.
They oharged:repeatedly in face of a ter-
rible fire.

CARDINAL GIBBONS DECLINES.

|
Seyy He Has No Experience te Fit Him te
| Aid International Poifcyholdérs. —
Batrimore, July 2,—Cardinal Gibbons
h nt a letter declining the appoint-
ment aa one of the membsre of the inter-
national policyhoklers' committes in the
New York Life and the other insurance
companies. He assigns as a reason hig in-
experience in matters of thia kind and be-
cause be has not the time to devote to the

 

 

The officers of the international pollay-
holders’ committee have written to Cardinal
Gibbons asking him to continue on the
committee With the understanding that he
may name an alternate to attend the com-
mittee’n meotings. The fact
wouldn't be able to attend the meetings
was Cardinal Gibbonas’s chief reason for
resigning.

 

QUIET AT OYSTER RAY.
The President Needs a Good Long Rest,
and Ho's Going ta Take It.

Oyster Bar, July 2.—The first day of
what he announces through his secretary
is to be a very quiet vacation was spent
to-day by President Roosevelt at Saga-
more Hill. The President had no visitors,
Even Secretary Loeb did not call, and the
stack of acoumulated mail was allowed
to wait over until to-morrow in the Execu-
tive offices over Moore's grocery.

Secretary Loeb announced to-day that
the list of visitors to Sagamore Hill this
summer will be small, and that only very
pressing business will be allowed to come
under the President's eye. The President
desires rest, a long, full rest. He hopes
that the greatest of his cares this summer
will be merely those of the daily round at
his country home.

Contrary to the announcement made by
the Saengerbund in Newark, N. J., that
the Presitient would be a guest at their
concert in Olympic Park to-morrow, Secre-
tary Loéb to-day announced that the Presi-
dent will not be present at the festivities.
The President has not definitely accepted
the invitation and does not find it in his
power to make the trip to Newark, says
Secretary Loeb.

On Wednesday morning the President
will drive down to Locust Grove to address
his neighbors of Oyster Bay at the Fourth

 

of July exercises. He will apeak extem-'

poraneously. The local committee

ing those wishing to pay 50 cette for ad-
mission to the chairs should be abandoned.
It was feared that their efforts to provide
accommodation for those’ needing seats
might seam to savor of commercialism,
consequently those who assemble to hear
the President will sit on the ground if they
prefer that to standing.

Clarence Le Gendre, the photographer
who had trouble yesterday morning on the
arrival of the President from Washington,
and was struck by Secret Service Officer
Sloan, to-day caused the arrest of the officer.
Mr. Le Gendre went before Justice Franklin
and swore out the warrant. nstable
MoQuade served it and Chief Sloan asked
a week’s adjournment, which was allowed.

 

HUNT WRAPS BLOWN FROM ROOF,
(a

Mrs. J. Ogden Harriman’s 6280 Lace Coat

and 8500 Diamond Clasp Cannot Be Found.

PHILADELPHIA, July 2.—There was much
searching of South Broad street roofs this
afternoon for valuables blown from the
Bellevue-Stratford roof by the sixty mile
an hour gale that struck the city suddenly
last Saturday. The hunt began because
of the arrival here from New York of J.
Ogden Harriman’s valet, who came to sve
if any trace-had been found of the lace
wrap blown from Mrs. Harriman's
shoulders.

J. R. Parke of 3 West Ninety-seoond
street, New York, also advertises for a
blue silk ooat blown froma chair upon
which the women in the party had thrown
their wraps.

Mrs. Harriman’s wrap is valued at $250
and upon it was a diamond clasp ‘worth
$500. The wrap was not found.

JUROR WHITE ON INSANITY.

Lawyers Agree With Him About the Mo-
mentary Variety in Murder.

After having been in an insane asylum
for five years Martin Tighe, who killed his
wife on June 18, 1901, was put on trial yes-
terday before Recorder Goff for murder,
Tighe’s defence is twerznity. He cut his
wife's throat after she had refused to live
with him. A commiasion declared him
insane and he was sent to Matteawan.
Recently he was released as cured.

In drawing a jury all the jurors were
asked by Lewis Stuyvesant Uhanler, Tighe’s
counsel, if they had any objection to the
defence of insanity when honestly made.
One of the jurors, Richard 8. White a lumber
dealer, said that he was prejudiced against
the plea of ineanity coexistent with the
crime and when the fhan was sane before
and after the Grime.

“Quite right,” said Mr. Chanler,
him.
“Accepted by the people,” said Assistant
District Attorney Garvan, who is investi-
ing the killing of Stanford White by
rry Thaw.

who
a

 

Mrs. Thomas Ww. Lawson's Condition Serious

Boston, July 2.—Mrs. Thomas Laweon,
who has been ill for some days, is‘reported
in a serious condition to-day, and was said
to be lower than at any time since her illness
took a turn for the worse.

 

“The Second Empire” of the New York
“ America’s Greates: Rattronds® ine test calle alee
deacing News Yores t* tw ® 9 ps8 Buffalo
f . Me Pp) 5 bany, ca, .
Rochester, neta vla Ade: yigene

 

” CHAMPAGNE

Fulton é., New York.

Tena nURRY

pac OAR
a ©
nt Bewey Sons Co., 188

 

fare
way.

1906, by The Bun Printing.and Pubtihing Ansociation.

scene ee et AO

 

that he |

 
 
  

   
 

toe wea

nnn

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

   
   

Brie ; rth

ii}
° ae
( ‘

 

any" VEe a

yO tome ay,
cessional showers

Pea OS 1 Cea
’ 4

~

}
‘

JULY 'S, 1908,
to-day and to-morr: w,

 

 

 

WHITE'S LAWYER SBES JEROME

FIRST MOVE OF THE FAMILY TO
AID IN THAW PROSKCUTION.
—efree ——a

Evarts Turned Gyer No Papers Bearing Gn
tho Alleged Persecution ef White by
‘Taaw—@ald Now That Prisenecr Did
Net Marry Mise Nesbit in Leaden.

Allon W. Evarte, coungel for the family of
fitanford White, called upon District Attor-
ney Jerome yesterday in regard to the
murder of White by Harry K. Thaw, and it
was male plain that the District Attorney
is to have all the aid of the family of the
dead architect in the prosecution of Thaw.

Mr, Evarta spent half an hour with Mr.
Jerome yesterday and was the first’ caller
the latter had upon his return from bis va-
cation. Mr. Evarte did not band over any
papers of Mr. White's yeneide’, but it is
understood that there are certain papers in
possession of the family bearing upon the
alle] persecution White suffered at the

of Thaw, and that the family through
Mr. Evarts, has promised the District pt-
torney all of these papers.

Neither Mr. Evarta nor Mr! Jerome would
say anything about the call made by Mr.
Evarta yesterday. Though there has been
some expectation that a statement would be
forthcoming from the counsel of the family
defending Mr. White's memory from the
attacks which have been made, Mr. Evarts
had nothing to aay at his office yesterday
and refused to see reporters after his call
upon Mr. Jerome.

Mr. Jerome said that he was unfamiliar
with the case and could not talk about it.
He said that he would have it put on trial
after other casez sere disposed of,

“There will be no special spee¢ brougbt
into play to try Thaw.” said Mr. Jerome. “It
will take the ordinary course and will prob-
ably be set for an early date.in October.
To put Thaw on trial! now would be to hold
up nearly a hundred cases now pending.
Thaw could not be put on trial now, as there
are only two parts of General Sessions in
session.”

In the investigation which has been made
so far into Thaw's career by the District
Attorney certain evidence has been found
which would make it appear that Thaw and
Miss Nesbit were not married in London,
and again in Pittsburg, when the family
was present, At the time of this Pittsburg
wedding it was said that Thaw and Miss
Nesbit had been married in London.

The witness who Id have given some
testimony, possibly, 6n this and other points
in Thaw'’s career died yesterday at the
Presbyterian Hospital. He was William
Bedford, who had been Thaw’s valet for
seven years, and had accompanied him
on all his travels,/ including his tour of
Europe with Miss Nesbit. He was taken
il] on Saturday of appendicitis, after he had
been called before Mr, Garvan to answer
questions about Thdw.

Bedford then said that so far as he knew
no marriage had been performed in London,
and that the only marriage was the Pitts-
burg one, He said that at the various
Foropean hotels where. he stopped Thaw

Misa. Nesbit had s4parate rooms which
coimmunicated, and that they did not regis-
ter as husband and wife,

Rodf ord told Mr, Carvan that Thaw had
never shown any signs of menta) derange-
ment and was never addicted to drugs.
Ne said that Thaw had carried the revolver
with which the shooting was done for about
four months, but that 2 did not carry it
every day. When Bedford had a chance
to look over his statement the following
day he added that for two years he had
known Thaw to carry a revolver,

According to Bedford, the couple never
had any quarrels and were very devoted.
Although he was in their apartments a great
deal of the time, he said that he had never
known White to call there nor had he ever
delivered any notes to him or received any
notes from him for Mrs, Thaw. His story
did not seem to bear out in any way reports
that White had been pursuing Mrs. Thaw
with his attentiong after her marriage.

District Attorney Garvan had before
him yesterday several private detectives
employed by either Thaw or White.
One of them was ‘Paul Bergoff, the man
whom White employed to find out who
wad having him shadowed. Bergoff had
already told his story to the newspapers.
He repeated to Mr. Garvan the same story.

The other private detectives examined
were I. W. Rorke, William McDonald and
Harry Rawleigh of the Greater New York,
Detective Agency, the concern that Thaw
employed. Rorke left the concern last
September after he had had some trouble
with the managers. He said that he did
not know@that Thaw was the man who
footed the bills until two weeks after he left.

He told a story, which Mr. Garvan is
going to investigate, to the effect that Thaw
did not reoeive all the reports’he should
have got. He said they were doctored
in order that the job would be protonged. He
seemed to be sure that had he received the
right reports he would have got the evidence
he was looking for against White concerning
his relations with young girls,

Rorke spoke of some of this alleged evi-
dence, but Mr, Garvan found out that he had
simply beard of this evidence having been
obtained from others and did not know of
it of his own knowledge. From what
Rorke said, Thaw’s purpose seemed to be
to get evidence against White by means of
his own detectives and then send for the
Gerry society. So far as is known, he met
with no success.

Bergoff, White's man, says that tempta-
tions were put in White’s way by Thaw,
but thit White always conducted himself
properly. Just what Mr. Garvan got from
the other Thaw detectives could not be
learned. All of them have told stories
about the shadowing hr was done.

One story told by the Thaw shadowers
was that when they reported to him that
White was about to sail for Europe Thaw
telegraphed the agency to send a batch of
men down to the ship juat to annoy White,
It was Thaw's practice, they said, to com-
mubioate with by telephone and get all
their reports on W There is a posei-
bility that more sleuths will turn up with
stories before the case is much older. They
are already: running a close race with the
actresses.in the case.

Thaw's lawyers were hard at work pre-
paring his case yesterday, 2nd In the after-
noon Mr. Olcott and Mr, Longfellow, the
latter representing tho. Thaw family, had a
long talk with Thaw in the Tombs. Mr.
Oloott refused to say anything about the

case yesterday. 2

“The Thaw family,” said Mr. Olcott,” is
ve opposed to publicity and we
hope thé matter will die down for awhile.”

i Atter all, Usher's the Sooto)
that made the highball famous.—Ada

. a. |

 

 

   

EMPEROR RACES A TRAIN.
—__——"
Williata Goes FB Miles in @D Minutes and fo
, , in Glee.
‘ Special Cable Deapaich to Tux Sum.
Hamburg, July 2.—Emperor William, in a
Mercedés automobile, suddessfully raced the
Kiel express train to-day, covering 7 miles
in 99 minutes, The express, which makes
one stpp, was eight minutes behind. His
Majesty was in high epirita. He pawed
several automobilists and jocularly shouted
to them: “Go faster!”
This is not the Emperor's first train rao-
ing exploit.
STATE COMMITTEE, JULY 11.

Wilt Meet Here to Choose a New Chair-
man, So They Bay at Tammany Hall.

The statement was made yesterday at
T y Hall that the Democratic State
committee will meet in this city on July 12
to elect a pew chairman to succeed Cord
Meyer. It was added that Mr. Murphy
and his friends have the number of signa-
tures necessary to call the committee to-
gether and that the up State members
who have. signed the calfhave left it to
Mr. Murphy to fix the date of the meeting.
Mr. Murphy was.at Tammany Hall yester-
day, but he refused to answer any ques-
tions himself bearing on this matter. Tho
announcement of the date of the meeting
came from one who is qualified, howéver,
to epeak for bim.

DELAY, FOR WELLMAN.

Joo Pack Be Thick That He May Net Get
te Spitzvergen Easily.

From Tax Sum Correapondent at Trendhjem.

Special Cable Despatch to Tus Sun.

TaonpuyeM, July 2.—The steamer Fridt-
jof arrived ut Tromsoe this evening front
Spitzbergen,, where she landed the firat
part of the Wellman Arctic expedition. Mr.
Wellman will now join the vessel with his
airship, in which he will attempt to réuch
the Pole.

The captain of the Fridtjof says the pack
joe this year is worse than usual and he!
fears there will be difficulty in getting Mr,
Wellman to Spitzbergen in good time.
There is no chance of the airship starting
this autumn,

PUSHEDWIRE INTO TROLLEY SLOT
|e ee

Four Boys Got Ail the Fireworks They
Wanted and Tied Up Line for a While.
Four boys, averaging 13 years of age,
were playing with a long piece of steel
wire at Eighty-eighth street and Avenue A
last evening when it occurred to one of
them to shove it down the slot of the Eighty-
sixth atreet crosstown line. There wasa big
noise and a flash and the four boys were
pitched back a oouple of yards. They
picked. themselves up and ran away.

The road was put out of business until
an inspector wearing a pair of rubber gloves
came along and pulled the wire away. The
polide of the East Eighty-eighth street sta-
tion are waiting for ambulance calls to come
in from. the neighborhood. Their only
chance te trace the boys is in case ang of
them was burned or otherwise hurt.

NO WORD OF OVERDUE STEAMSHIP
. , ——scem

The American Was Last Reported at St.

Michacis en June li.

There was no word of the overdue steam-

ship America of the Fabre Line yesterday,
though her agents continued to assert that

 

 

they believed that nothing serious was
the matter with her.

The vessel left Marvelllies June 3 and
called at St. Michaels on June 11.
then she has not been sighted.

Kt was qiggested that
had met some other
was towing it into port.

HE NEEDED THE MONEY.

Novel Excuse Given by Bank Cashier Who
Siole 612,000.

HomesteEaD, Pa,, July 2.—“Excuse me, I
need the money. Will try to pey it back
inside two years.

This was the note left by Anton Paul
Fite, cashier and bookkeeper of the bank-
ing house of M. Kascman & Co. here last
Thursday when he disappeared with about
$12,000 of the firm's money.

Fite has not been heard front since,
though the detectives are said to be hot on

his trail.
ny eee

WHALING GOOD OUTSIDE,

Last Report Is a Big Fellow, Quite Tame,
Between Fire Island and.Hook.

“On seeing we were an oil ship he left
for parts unknown,” eays Capt. Schierhorts
of the bark Phasbus, which came in yester-
day and reported meeting a huge whale
between Fire Island and Sandy Hook.

The whale came close enough to read the
ship's name board and is down in the log
as “quite tame.” But he'd be blowed if
he’d be stowed in t’other’s hold, you see.

Whales have been reported off the coast
by several ships arriving here lately, but
the one seen yesterday was closer to New
York than any since a dead one came ashore
at Long Beach some months ago. It is
hoped in these parts that the whales still
afloat will keep their health.

—

TWO BOYS DROWNED.

One Was Attacked With Cramps and the
Giher Tried to Save Him.

New Rocne.ie, N. Y., July 2.--Melvin
Kothe, 18 yéars old, and his cousin, Willie
Hoag, also 15, of 521 West Forty-seventh
street, New York, were drowned to-day
while swimming in Neptune .Bay. The
bathers were having a good time diving
from an overtugmed boat when suddenty/
one of them was attacked by cramps.
dames Kerwin, superintendent of the New
York Athletic Club, says that he heard

ies for help and could see the boye strug-

Since

haps the vessel
p in distress and

 

 

 

ies

ng in the water as though one of
was crpwaing and the other was try ng to
save him. Kerwin and some of the olub
employees put out in # boat, but the boys
had gone down before they could reach the

 

DOCTOR A PATIENT HIMSELF.

Hariem Hospital Surgeon Has Appendi-
(itis—Record of Miness.

Dr. John Overton of the Harlem Hospital
was taken suddenly ili yesterday afternoon
and after an examination last night it was
found that he is suffering from. appen-
dicitis. The dector will be operated on
to-day by Dr. cere.
visiting sutgecns of the hospital.

Dr.

 

erton is the last of the four doctors
tn ete enw id alg
. . an u
for six i feed holgeate Dr. Berliner &
acted soni, Ww performing
hn operation and was ine critical
for a time. Dr. Oewald
eaaek from eryeipelas a fow weeks
* 8D, Overtin comen af e prominent family
im Tenneases, ;

-

4 ENGLISH WRECK UNEXPLAINED

i sini

Haines, one of the |

—— —————————

~

PRICE TWO CENTS. -

 

 

 

NO SATISFACTORY REASON FOR
THE SALISBURY ACCIDENT.

 

All the Wounded Doing Fairly Well—Formal
Inquest Begins and Adjourns Twe
Weeke-Danger Lay In the Sharp Gta-
ten Curve—Sympathy for Americans.

Spectal Cable Despatch to Tus SUN.

Lonpon, July 2.—Now that those who
are in @ position, from expert knowledge,
to reconstruct, as it were, the details of
yesterday’ terrible disagé to the Ooeat
Express, when a score dr more Americans
from the stoamship New York were killed
at Salisbury, the wonder is not that the
percentage of deaths was so appalling, bud:
that it was not still greater. The officials
of the London and Southwestern Railway
all agree that but for the presence o; the
milk train and the stationary engine, whieh
stopped the onward rush of the derailed
express, the train would have mounted
the platform known as the bay, whieh
continues in a long arm an the down side
of the station at iis end towerd London,
and would in all probability have crashed
through into the road beneath.

The accident resulted in ro eaddening
a death roll because of the foree of the im-
pact with the obstructions the express met
with’ immediately after leaving the rails,
It is conceivable that but for the arched
girders which project between the rallway
| tracks over the little bridge just outside
the station proper the Ocean Express

would have had a tonger run after leaving
the rails, a run which, by helping to expend
the force of its speed, would have «pared
some of the horrors of the disaster,
TEN TRUCK LOADS OF DEBRIS, ,

Walking along the line to-lay, where a
gang of men was still busy completing the
roar of the track, the terrible character

t

e accident was borne in upon one by

the numerous objects that met the eye.+ |

First of all there were ten truck loads of
débris awaiting removal, and nearby were
|a pair of engine wheels, with solid steal
axles, six inches in diameter, twisted lik
a piece of wire. Where part of the trai
crashed into the wall on the left of the line
there is a yawning gap fortwenty yaris,
and on the other side of the four road track
the platform, which is of heavy masonry,
was wrenched out of ita concrete setting
and a big hole made. The roof was torn
away where the carriages had piled up on
top of one another. Here was the remuant
of a carriage, its iron frame bent like wire,
there a heap of pipes of the pneumatic
brakes, and on oné side a boot, evidently
from ita oily appearance, belonging to a
driver or stoker. The leather was torn in
a significant fashion, and the heel was
nearly wrenched cf. Most expressive
gll were the piles of shattered wood.
there were and pleces the size
firewood; also.wood crushed into the
est and into a fine powder,
ing testimony to the tremendous force

the impact.

&

a

aft

THE CURVE SHARP.

Although there is a growing belief that
the napping of au axle may have caused
the disaster, it would be idle to attempt .
to pursue the matter now. That will be
the subject of an exhaustive inquiry on the
part of the Board of Trade, The curve
immediately after the line leaves the up
platform at Salisbury is sharp. Noone who
has stood on the track and looked back over
the fateful fifty yards would be disposed
to deny it. At the same time it is a curve
that is slight in comparison with others to .
be called to mind in connection with the
railway systems of the country.

Mr. Lawrence, the stationmaster at.
Salisbury, when questioned thie afternoon,

nied entirely @ suggestion that has been
made that the engine drivers have always
regarded this as an ugly curve. One
certainly is noticeable, that is that the up
line in the station is quite straight. When

begins in what appaars to be an almost
abrupt turn.

and owing to obstructions it encointared
was brought to a calamitous staudstill.
practically within its own short length.

On the down track, on which sida
the pletform is continued to a point im-

much damage was done, the curve ia by no
means of so odvious a nature. The whol? |
of the down platform rails begin to ourve in
the station its?lf, whereas on the up track,
that on which the Ocean Express was travel-
ling, the line appears quity straight until
the end of the platform naarest London is |
reached.

This afternoon the work of embalming
several of the bodies commenced, the resuit
of instructions received from America.
They will probably be shipped to the United
States on Saturday. ;

The station agent at Salisbury said to-
day he believed there were dozens of ourves
that are worse than where the train was
wrecked. The correspondent pointed out
how pbviously dangerous the curve was,
and thé agent replied that the engine left °
the track before taking the curve. He
would not listen to a suggestion that tis
train was passing through thp station at
too fast a epeed, and eaid that the engineers
of afl trains had re strict orders
not to exceed thirty-fhiles an hour after
entering the Salisbury yard, which begins
a quarter of a mile to the west and ends
with the freight yards beyond the bridge
tothe east. Notices to this effect are placed
beside the track.

SPEED OF THE TRAIN. —

The question of speed is the subject
of divergent stories. It is said that the
train ran the ten miles fram Dinton to
Salisbury in seven minutes, and also that
when it passed the Wilton signal box, 20%
miles from the place of the disaster, a bell
sounded at Salisbury. An inspector there
timed with his watoh,and the train passed
him on the platform twenty minutes after
the bell rang.

The constant rivalry between the Great
Western and London and Southwestern
lines seems to be notorious. The Great
Western carries mail from Plymouth and
jhe Southwestern passengers. Ano‘her
inducement to speeding is the practice of
American passengers to collect money to
reward the engineer if he makes a quick
run. One recently received seven pounds
from this source. Furthermore, it \s aald
that’ the railroad authorities promptly
euspend the engineers if they do not make

good time.
An onlogker who is not connected with —

»

the end of the platform ie reached the ourve ,

Evidantly tha momant the ,
engine reached the curve it left ths rails, .

mediately adjoining the bridge, whora so .

ee eg

sc

 

s

jase ae

ids ‘ sora ; srs babs Tora RL RRS OSS oa SRST eS eg aS ae a
es Sho eee sled epee tee A SPADE SR ESS iy eg SS NS Beis
PH nee a oot S Bal i ign rat res inns se See Poti SBD

PONS