station lav.ory. Hearing the train ap-
proaching hé went to the platform He
saw the engine ink as if ite springs were
gone, riso again, and then dash off thé
rails, Tho Board of Trade inquiry hag
not been definitely fixed. It will probably’
open on Wednesday. MajorJ. W. Pringle
of tho Royal Engineers, inspacting officer

the investigation, ;
CONDITION OF THE WOUNDED.

Mrs. Koch is suffering from a@* corti«
minuted fracture of tho left leg and shock.
She is doing very well and will be able to
bo moved in a short time. Her daughter
Anna, whoes only injury was a black oye, is
staying at the house of a local physician.
She has been out and about ever since the
«acident. She is cheerful, considering
everything. This is her firs: visit to Eng-
land, Mr. Koch's body is:being embalmed
and will bs sent to New York on July 14.

Arrangements have been made for the
disposal of all the bodes except those af
two second class passengers, Messrs. Goep-
pinger and Thompson, who were identified
by the Naw York officers, Thongpson was
a butler, and is believed to have been em-

‘ ployed by one of the Vanderbilts. -

The progress ofall those in the hospital
fg maintained. Miss Griswold ehows slight
improvement. Mr. Critchell and Miss Rusk
are slightly better. Mr. Allen ie still in a
dangerous condition, but is no worse.

Miss Elphicke ‘and Mra, McDonald have
gone to Wimbledon on a special train pro-
vided by the company.

Charles E. Sentell rallied a little this
morning, and the chaplain gonyeyed to
him the message that his wife, hiapon,and
his two daughters hati been killed. “A re-
lapse followed, but when the American
pathy of the’ American nation, Sentell *re="
plied: r

T'll try. fo pags. yan I ago. mags alghogphy

' I have ‘seventy years to bear.” .
fi} CONSCL SWALM’s ACCIDENT THEORY, 7
Among the interesting theories to acoéunt
or the accident is one by United States
+ Consul Swalm, who made a special study
f of ballistics when he was serving in the
(f United States Army. He éays it is wall
known that the speed at which an express
‘train travels compresses the air ahead of it, .
‘forming a strongly resisting cushion. Jf
the boat train wae travelling at anything
; ike sixty miles an hour this air resistance
='would have been very considerable. ~ As
‘*the train approached the curve the houses
' whioh rise above the bridge would form a
* wall; between which and the engine there
k would be a tremendous compresaion of, air...
This would tend to lift the’ fore part ‘of fhe
engine slightly. This lifting motion;
f bined with the sharp curve, wotild quite”
‘ account for the engine leaving the rails,

  
 
   

i" TRAIN WRECKERS’ WORK?

An engine driver who knows the track.
y gaid in an interview that be:and drivers
} generally believe that the train was ma-
i liciously wrecked, most likely by a fishplate
, being deliberately placed between the grip
rail and the running rail on the inside af
the ourve. He was insistent in declaring
that even if the train took the curve at
seventy miles an hour there was no reason.
why it should have been derailed. He
would not hesitate to také a similar train on.

‘the same curve at eighty miles an hour.
Mrs. Cossitt, the bride whose husband
was killed in the accident, arrived in London

L¥ this evening, bringing a few battered trunks

and boxes that contained all that remained

of her trousseau and her husband's outfit.
Other survivors reached here this evening.

Mr. Strachan, who seémed almost in high

spirits yesterday after his escape, suffered

from reaction to-day. He went to the.

station and identified the bodies of three

of his fellow passengers, and then returned

to his hotel. He became utterly unnerved,

. broke down and wept for half an hour,

being unable to check his emotion.
INQUEST ADJOURNED TWO WEEKS.

~. | The coroner's inquest was begun in the

\ { ehamber of the town council here this

: afternoon. The Union Jack floated over

, y the chamber at half mast. The proceed-

Ps : Ings were purely formal, and only evidence

ot .¢stending to the identification of the victims

| ~wastaken. Theinquest was then adjourned

for two weeks.

’ Arepresentative of the Iondon and South-

Sevestern Railway Company tendered the

t company’s profound sympathy to the rela-

é tives and friends of the victims, said ‘that

F £ the company courted the fullest investiga-

3 ition; and that the railway officials were

Pe ene See

%

viwpresent to tender the coroner and jury
a every assistance in their power.

t Albert W. Swalm, United States Consul
“at Southampton, and Mr. Curry of the
gp American Steamship Company were |‘ pres-
vent. Tears flowed down Mr. Swalm's
2 «& cheeks as he referred to the many deaths
in the accident, but he said that the sufferers
fallen into the hands of persons who
‘were moved by the highest Christian char-
ty. After speaking a few words of thanks
the Mayor of ‘Salisbury Mr. Swalm broke
and sobbed.

After breakfast this morning most of the
ors who were still in Salisbury went
the station for another look at the scene
f the disaster. While they were there they
invited to examine quantities of per-
mal baggage which was being sorted out
of the wreckage. Miss Anna Koch of
Allentown, Pa., was there looking for the
belongings of her-parents, her father hav-
r been killed and her mother injured.
Be “} rge A. Strachan of Boston, whose state-
EB ‘nent last night as to the speed at which the
a, “Serain was

  
  
    
  
  
   
   

By "

going caused great surprise, was
pon Ye piaitorm and sootrmed al} be.ded
++ paid last night. art

t \ MR, REID THANKS MAYOR, ©.

t

3 *, Ambassador Reid telegraphed to-day to

ys ' Mr, Baker, Mayor of Salisbury, as follows:
F. “Acknowledging your despatch, I hasten
E to express the appreciation of the American
a Government and people for the sympathy
as shown and the aid given by the city of
Salisbury on the occasion of the terrible
accident to the American boat train.”
‘+ INQUIRY PROMISED IN PARLIAMENT.
i In the House of Commons to-day Mr.
‘a Lloyd-George, President of the Board of
Trade, said that there would be a full in-
quiry into the disaster at Salisbury. In
behalf of the House and the country he
expressed the profoundest sympathy with
the relatives of those who had been killed
' and with the injured,
Sir Thomas Lipton personally inspected
the arrangements for the treatment ofthe
wounded to-day, and stated his intention of
cabling to the American newspapers , his
complete approval and high praise of them.

| BTRAP SAVED  GERSON'S LIFE.

 

 

q : A Survivor Gtyes Some of the Details of
y }. the SAlisbury Accldent,,
g Spectal Calle Despatch to Tax Sux.
' Lonnon; July 2.~Walter Gerson of ‘this
' ity, who was a survivor f the’ wreck ‘at
! Galisbury yesterday morning, says he owes
~! his life to.a strap. which he grasped when
( he felt the first jar of the trajn. was

\ een at his home in West Kensington. to-day ||

Be end ba haved the, sapceins. Sy fee <7
a “I would not part with this for Ly mor By.
a 1 brought it away with me, ana I hiteod to

ae:

the railroad neryios happened to bo in the |) ~ 4

of tho railways, has ben selected to make 4)

“utes later, at 1:58: °-:

ooraae emneda
1 Ramee; 5’
Gis ‘ /
It ean be adj 1 Ao iit the
forms used by 2om-
set Ewe om work
a syst 1S, @-8av-

‘ing and accurate manner.

Its uses will be shdwnvyou’any thine at
te Vaan er ent

The omit irra Oo.

keep it all my Hfe as a memento of the
narrowést escape any man ever had;
“The smash ocourred pretisely at 1:56
A. M., 48 we were running. full speed
and well up to time. , Other dodounts have
given it as a few minutes;fater, but I have
good reasén for being-able‘to fix it defi-
nitely. A few moments befofe the apcident
poor McDonald, whe was instantly killed,

spatohed from Salisbury station three min-

“‘Oritohell, whose left leg was broken, and
T had reserved two seats in a car at the end
of the train, and about midnight we were
in the smoking compartment, where Mo-
Meekin, who is now dead, asked us to join
him and some ladies at supper, which was
served at 12:30. We were quite a merry
party. MoMeekim said he had never en-
joyed such a dirmer. Poor fellow, it was
his last, And McDonald was sayihg what a
good time he intended to have on this side,

“All the way from Devonport we had no-
ticed.that the train-Bad been rocking con-
siderably, But we were not in ‘the least
alarmed. Going dad é ify,
evor, We felb' a sudden severe ‘shiakt
Seta Mis eira tend tel on. . Then we ran
‘smoothly again and then crash came.

It allhappenedin asecond. The woodwork

flaw into splinters and pinned MoMeekin
into a corner, killing him instantly, and Mo-
Donald was also killed, Mrs. McDonald,
who was im the act of leaving the com:
‘ment, was thrown under the-table andthis
certainly saved ber life, for-the table. was
pinned down hy the débris, |

“I held my left hand in front of my face;
hanging on to the strap with, the other,
and escaped being struck by the shatter-
ing. glass. - Our carriage was"on one side
with its wheels in the air;.and I managed
to get a window open and.to Urop/éut. I
waa slightly injured by the fall-and the
shook and 4t first I could hardly stand.

‘aro

Toor 1 tone Lewes! the first to gét free and all

‘Werte “dead” bodies’ and wreckage.

“TW Gent POF all thi doctors and for stretch-

ers and then,.with long ladders, we started
to get out the people who-were still living.
ga°The very first one we got out was Fred-
erick Cossitt, a young, clean’ shaven man
who was on his bridal trip, and then his
wife. ‘They had been known on the boat as
‘the happy couple,' their devotion was so
touching; and they were the merriest,and
most lighthearted people on board. We
found them sidé by side. The 19-year-old
bride «was \ininjured, but the bridegroom
was dying from his injuries. Until we got
her ‘husband out the young wife refused to
climb out to shfoty, although she was ‘still
in great peril, owing to the unsafe position
of the carriage. . ‘

“Near the next carriage were three dead
womett; one lying free with another woman
under her and the third pinied down by’
e. Lehall never forge the sight.

joke of Chicago had a very
which was due to the
of mind of young Moseley, who
was returning to England after two years
at Yale University. He selzed the young
woman, who was a friend of his on the ship,
around the waist and dragged her and him-
self away just as timbers closed down on
the seat they had occupied.

“The cook of the restaurant car got
wedged in between two carriages by the
smash, It took twelve men half an hour
to free him, but he was patient apd cried,
‘Help the others, Yam not 60 badly hurt.’
It. was quite an hour before some of the
others could be rescued.”

REJOICE AT THE MAYOR'S ESCAPE

MeGowan Sends Him Congratulations on
Behalf of the City.

There was much quiet rejoicing in and
about the City Hall yesterday over the
escape of Mayor and Mrs. McClellan from
death or injury on the train that was wrecked
at Salisbury in England on Sunday morning.
Shortly after arriving at his office Acting
Mayor MoGowan eent this message to Col.
McClellan, who is in London:

“The city of New York felicitates you and
Mrs. McClellan on your pfovidential escape.”

At the local office of the American Line
cable messages were received saying that
all the injured had been removed to. hos-
pitals and were receiving the best of care
under the circumstances. The representa-
tives of the company say that when the
accident ocourred the passengers aboard
the train were no longer under the care of
the steamship company, but had passed
to the jurisdiction of the London and South-
weatern Railway Company.

John E. McDonald, who with his wife got
the compartment on the wrecked train that
had been to Col. and Mrs. McClellan
and who was in the wreck, was one of
the best known turfmen in America. He
began as a bartender in his father's saloon
in Harlem, and according to some of his
moat intimate friends here he was worth
more than $2,000,000 when he died. From
his father’s saloon he went to Saratoga,
Wyare: He Sai. cipcasne & mopeser.ip 0. Se

lor and later a iceman at the
Pe aaraok: Then ee Paes out as an
independent bettor and after broke
a couple of times struck the to fortune
and never Jost the way.

He joined hands with Matty Corbett, and
between them they made some t wing.
At the sopping of the Morris Park race-
track and.in the season that followed they
were credited with phenomenal luok, mak-
ing a ‘haul of $75,000 each in one race when
Daisy Woodruff came under the wire first.
Other big killings were credited to MoDonald
when he was a partner ina poolroom with
Butch Thompson. :

For years McDonald was a_ book-
ma himself and, was credited with:
earhing large-sums in this ipaaner.. He
also phiinged suooesat uly in Wall Streetand
was considered an authority on election bet-
ting: He was long closely associa’

 

Much ‘of the discomforts of torrid weather may be

avoided by rational dress.

ted with | his name.

" P Pay Ne ONY
Weea ee tle mr S Nt ae

    

 

horse by the hour when the Tammany
yas acovstomed spend his time at the

tio b in Fifth avenue. Mo-
Donald was also olose to Char

and J. Sergeans Cram, phe cba n_of the

general committee of Tammany He

never held a public office, but was

@ power in local Democratic politics.
Mosnistown, N. J., July 2.—Mre. L. M.

Hitchoook, who was killed in the railroad

handsome home
occupied by John W. Castles. Her
Mary, who was with her, was i *

erick H. Céasitt, another’ vi , was also
a former resident of Morristown.

 

Mrs. Cossitt Bringing Back Her Hutband’s
Bedy.

Justice P. Henry Dugro received last

night this cablegram from his daughter:
Coming on the Kaiser Wednesday with Fred.

ANTOMA.
Justi ae aaa hter mere 14
te) fi who was
kilfed in the trate wreck at Salisbury.

Justice and his wife had intended
leaving for nd to-day to meet their
daughter and b: her home, butwill not go.

 

LAWYERS’ TICKET FOR JUDGES.

800 Names Reduced to 20 for a Final

Sifting Next Week.

The lawyers’ committee which was
formed to put an independent. judiciary
ticket in the fleld met yesterday in the
office of Joseph H. Choate and ‘liminated
from the names suggested nearly all but
those that will go on the committee's toket
lst. In response to the committee's general
invitation for suggestions about 800 names
were received. It was learned after yes-
terday’s meeting that theese have been out
down to about a score and that the final
selection will be made next Monday, when
the committee will meet again and when
Mr. Choate and other prominent members
of the committee who were not at yester-
day’s meeting will attend. It is under-
stood that Justices Glegerich, Clinch and
i yy 4 will be left on list.

The lawyers’ committee will nominate
their candidates by petition and will get to
work on the preparation of the petitions
as soon as the candidates have been defi-
nitely chosen. The committee ‘expects tc
have the support of the Citizens’ Union
and several other independent political
. It will not have the Hearst
ganization's backing because the Inde-
pendence League has practically decided
hat it will put up a judiciary ticket of ite
own. It is understood that the lawyers’
ticket will be made up'as evenly as possible
of Republicans and ta. \

 

OOMPLAIN OF WIDE OPEN SUNDAY

Bronx Pastors Object to Dance Hall, Pool
Parior and Skating Rink.

Pastors of churches in the vicinity of
188th street and Willis avenue, The Bronx,
have waged war on a dance hall, a two
and a half cent poo) parlor and a roll
skating rink in their perishes, y.obje
chiefly to the fact tat the placos are open
on Sunday.

The first congregation to act was the
North New York Congregational Church,
of which the Rev. William H. Kephart is
the pastor. He called a meeting of the
board of trustees and a set of resolutions
was adopted calling on the Mayor, th
Police Commissioner and the president of
the Board of Health to take steps to close
the places, at least on the Sabbath.

The resolutions Were sent around to the
churches in the neighborhood and other
compromavone have taken similar action.

T skating rink is located on 138th
street just east of Willis avenue, the dano-
ing academy is on the same street just west
of Willisavenue and the pool parlor is at 142d
street and Alexander avenue. The mem-
bers of the churches say they have appealed
in vain to Capt. Hayes of the Alexander
avenue police station.

MEXICAN MIDDIES HERE,

Zaragosa’s Commander Pays His Respects
at the City Hall.

Lying off Tompkinsville near the United
States battleship Iowa and the cruiser
Charleston is the Mexican training ship
Zaragosa, which sailed from Vera Cruz
June 15 and touched at Havana on June 21.

There are twenty upper class men from
the Mexican naval oollege at Vera Cruz
on board, and yesterday most of them
were ashore seeing New York. The Zara-
ier will remain in port until July 10, when

will sail for Porto Rico, Jamaica and
Cuba, returning to Vera Cruz about the
end of Ai t.

It was a yesterday that when the ship
left Vera Cruz there was on board a nephew
of President Diaz, but that the middy had

‘ot 80 seasick on the voy: to Havana
Pee he ve up in disgust when hp reached
Yesterday afternoon Capt,- Augustin’
Cenerere "ne oea'e commana

joer, accompanied ut. Irasquirre
of the marines to act as interpreter, called
on Act Mayor McGowan at City Hall.
The Mexicans also called on Capt. Winslow
of the Charleston, who later returned their
call. Mr. MoGowan will return it to-day.

Funeral of Fire Alarm Chief Farrell.

The funeral of George Farrell, who was
the chief of the Fire Alarm Telegraph
Bureau since 1898, took place yesterday
from the Church of St. John the Baptist
at Seventy-sixth street and Lexington
avenye. Chaplain William Smith offi-
cia at the funeral services. Fire Chief
Croker and Commissioner O'Brien attended
the services along with a ¢ man:
from the Fire Department. Farrell had been
attached to the department since 1873 and
had an excellent record.

 

 

Coal Boat Captain Drowned.

The captain of the coal boat Eureka,
owned by Baldwin & White of Jersey City,
fell overboard at Pier 1 df the No rth Ger-
man Lloyd Line in Hoboken last night as

his boat was being made fast gp the, sug
Admiral Dewey. Capt. H. L. Kruse ani

the crew of the tug worked hard to save
him. The skipper's body was swept away
on the tide. police were unable to learn

Many suggestions here.

"Feather. weight Suits—Russian crash, mohair, tropical worsted and flannel, .

 

7 ai de

~ tae

  
  

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  

™ rT m

  
 
 

 
 
  
   

D eave
Py 4 ee pre re
Coes Re ye ee ee

Ay Cue sy

  

‘

ESDAY, |

Ay.

Delays, friction, rust, ex-
pehse leaks, ;
How would you like to cut
them in half, at least?
We are. doing just that for
a dozen new customers every
day. ‘
It is such a simple matter
to get our suggestions.

| Library ‘Bureau
Simplifiers of business routine
316 .Broadway

scicinmunsgaeaiaaiteiatcmmessr esnieaiel
P.R.R,GRAFT PROBE T0 60 DEEP

Continued from Firet Page.

enceeabiliaiadpianiclanisectd ncennipeiatneticinane ttt
nor one which admits of an offhand solution,
The Pennnsylvania Railroad Company was
chartered on the theory that the company
would build the line and the shippers would
furnish thelr own means of transportation,
The greater portion of the coal tonnage of
England is moved to-day in privately owned
cars. The use of such cars on the Pennsyl-
vania lines is not peculiar toa few favored
shippers. They have been used from the
beginnirig of coal transportation. a
There are now in use on the lines of the
Pennsylvania Rallroad Company 26,800 indé-
pendent coal and coke cars owned by fifty-
nine different corporations or firms. All
shipping companies of large capital desire
to have their own cars, because, having them,
they oan protect their own contracts and
because they can direct the movements of
such cars in thelr own interest. Cars 80
owned are also in some respects advantageous
to the railroa for the reason

 

d company, t
that while individual cars when sent off thé
line of the railroad company must be promptly
returned oars owned by the raliroad com-
pany are in danger of being Kept on other
lines because it is, in times of great demand
for cars, cheaper for those other lines to pay
mileage for such cars rather than build care
for themselves, f

The committee will investigate every fact
which is or may be brought to itsattention
affecting the performance: by any officer or
employee of his duty to the company, or the
performance by the company of its duties to
the public; and the committee will report

ita conclusions in every case to the president.

of the company in the confident assurance
that no ownership or practice calculated in
any way to affect the full and impartial dis-
charge of the duties owed by the respective
officers and employes to the company or
by the company to the public will be con-
doned, and that every officer or employee
ho after full investigation has been, or
shall be found to have failed in the perform-
ance of his duty will be properly dealt with.

 

JUMPED FROM RUNAWAY CAR.

Dozen People Injured on Amsterdam
Avenue Hill— These on Car Unhart.

 

over half a mile, narrowly escaping a fire
engine and an empty car at the car barns

-) &t 120th street and Amsterdam avenue.

lotorman Thomas: Burke says he tried
brake at 137th street and found it worked

time at increasing speed. The
became greatiy excited and
some of them jumped off. The car was
easily stopped at 127th street, where the
ground is level.

3d. mooa Wright Hospital surgeons dressed
who
jum; » 25
old,a laborer, living at 63 Amsterdam avenue
had his left arm broken; Joseph Harris, 26

old, of 320 East 117th street, had the

left side of his face cut and other injuries on
his left side; Peter Dallamonioo, 26 years old
a laborer, of 2282 First avenue, suffered
contusions of the chin and forehead; Thomas
22 years old, a laborer, of 820
etreet, was cut on the forehead
They were taken to the hospital.
The others went home.

NOVEL EIGHT HOUR COMPLAINT.

Boston Contractor Held for Working Men
Nine Hours a Day.

Boston, July 2.—On complaint of W.
Cameron, busineas agent of the Carpenters’
Union, William H. Ellis, a Boston contractor,
was held this morning by United States
Commissioner Hayes in $100 for a hearing
July 5 ona charge of violating the Federal
eight hour law.

The complaint is unusual and the first of
the kind madein Boston. Cameron charges
that on June 18 the defendant wilfully
caused Patrick O'Neill, Amble Degust
Henry R. Grace, Frederick Gorrill and
Frank Brown to work nine hours.

oe rer 852 of the Federal statutes
vides that any person intentionally vi g
its provisions shall be deemed Ity of a
misdemeanor and shall be pi Ehed by a
fine not to exceed $1,000 or by imprisonment
for not more than six months or both.

Ellis claims, it is understood, that he
was behind on his contracts and that the
men were willing to work.

TRICKY AMBULANCE HORSE.

Ned of Bellevue Is a Terror to Drivers and
a Danger to Patients. ,

The ambulance surgeons and drivers at
Bellevue have been entreating Dr. Arm-
strong, the superintendent of the institution,
to get rid of a horse oalled Ned. This horse
has been in the service of the hospital
for six weeks, and the drivers say he is an
intractable beast.

He has a pleasant habit of bolting out of
the gate on a call and going up Twenty-
sixtn street, jamming one pair of wheels
of the ambulance up against the ourbstone
stone tga nice ume toe tives
soon as crow vers
Ned begins to get’ playful and is hard

to manage.
He always comes to a stop with a sudden

ola that is aneryie to the patients.
r. Armstrong will submit the oase to the
trustees of hopsital, who meet this
afternoon.

Laborer Shot on J. Kennedy Tod's Estate.

Sramrorp, Conn., July 2.—Peter Maor-
fuso, employed on J. Kennedy Tod's estate
on the Sound, was shot down at the door
of his cottage at 1:30 this morning. He
wan called to the door by a stranger, who
fired two shots, oneof which took effect ina

lung. is in a critical condition at
the hospital. The police have arrested
Francisco Granziano on suspicion. He and
Maorfuso quarrelied | y:

 

 

 

 

Castom House Strike o Fizzle.

The general strike on the new Custom
House ordered last week in sympathy with
carpenters who struck in the post office
station in ee wee wie declared off

esterday. sympathetic strike proved
z fizzle, te the station was finished or eptte

the strike. The unions talked three

er Sit

JULY 8, 1006,

wa IER ba: : Ten
ATA ETE e fe Py

Meee nme a . Fs

—<tapnererm serena ® ane + “4

 

sanrraniom_ron YovkexS | APPROPRIATIONS BY CONGRESS

A B800,600 Girt te the City by Alex
\ Smith Cochran. f

‘Yonneuns, N. Y., July 2.—-The Martin
farm in the Seventh ward, consisting of
110 acres of land, has been purchased by
Alexander Smith Cochran, the president of
the Smith Carpet Works.‘ He will improve
the property and erect on it a sanitarium
for the treatment of tuberculosis. The
entire cost of land, improvements, build-

and equipment will be over $500,000.
on completed the entire place will be
turned over to the olty, together with an
endowment sufficient to pay) all expenses
for the first five years at least. The matter
came officially before the city authorities
to-day, when the Board of Health and the
Aldermen were asked to approve the site
and give their permission for the erection of
thie buildings. This was done.

The main building will have twenty-five
beds, but provision will be made for the
treatment of many other cases in tents.’
The treatment will be free to the patients.
Incipient gases will have the preference,
especially where the patients are still able
to attend to their work. The opening, it
is expected, will take place late in the fall.

JAPAN STEALING A MARCH.

—
Rushing Goods Inte Manchuria and Making
Other Nations Pay Duty.

Spectal Cable Despatch to TxR Sun.

Lonpon, July 8.—The Kobe ocorrespond-
ent of the Daily Mail says that the Japanese
have not yet fixed a date for the opening of
Dalny as @ free port. Meanwhile great
quantities of Japanese goods, especially
cottons, are being daily poured into Man-
churia by way of Dalny without the pay-
ment of duty, while British and American
dealers are compelled to go elsewhere and
pay duty. The Japanese mills are working
day and night to meet the demand, and are
combining to export their products, the
Government virtually guaranteeing them
against loss.

The shipping prospects are also gloomy.
The Nippon Yusen Kaisha (Japan Mail
Steamship Company) besides opening new
lines in all directions contemplates a sys-
tematic campaign to drive British shipping
off the Yangtse-Kiang. M. Iwanaga, the
company’s manager, says it is the com-
pany’s duty and object to check the arro-
ganoe of European steamship owners. The
Government is also backing the steamship
enterprise.

Japan is now amazingly prosperous.
Wages are advancing and land values are
doubling.

ITALIAN WALTZER WINS. -

Dances Withont Stepying Fourteen Hours
—Five Competitors Distanced.

 

CHAIRMAN TAWNEY SHOWS THE
CAUSES OF INCREASE.

 

He Gays the Per Capita Cost of Gevern-
ment, Including Federal and State, is
Less Than Any Eurepean Country
—Many Increases Due to Deficiencies.

Wasutnorton, July 2.—Although the Con-
grees appropriated $880,163,301, the per
capita cost of Government, inoluding
Federal and State, is less than in any Euro-
pean country, according to a statement
issued to-day by Chairman Tawney of the
House Appropriations Committee. This
total is $59,008,067 in exceas of the appro-'
priations for last year, and Chairman Taw-
ney. give increases under each of the’
great appropriations, bills, showing the
causes as follows;

Agricultural, 89,082,165; increase, $8,050,260,
due to the meat inspection item.

Army, $71,817,165; increase, $1,420,633, to
cover expenditures before carried as de--
flolencies.

Diplomatic and Consular, $8,001,004; {n-
crease, $968,047, due to consular reorganiza-
tion act and abolition of fee officers.

District of ColumBia, $1,188,602, ingrease,
$337,404, due to small miscellaneous increases.

Legislative, $29,741,019; increase, $604,267,
partly due to bookkeeping changes and mis-
cellaneous objects.

itary Academy, $1,664,707;
$900,004, for new buildings.

Naval, $102,071,651; inqgease, $1,734,970, for
new ships previously alithorized.

Perisions, $140,245,500, increase, $1,995,400,
due to old age pension law.

Post Office, $191,695, 998; increase, $10,673,005
of which $3,030,000 is for the extension of the
tural free delivery service and the remainder
to the growth of the general postal service.

Sundry Civil, $08,274,574; increase, $31,461,123,
of whioh $25,456,415 was for the Panama Canal
and is reimbursable from the sale of bonds,
and $6,774,844 for river and harbor contracts.

General Deficiency, $39,119,246; increase,
$8,500,000, of which $3,500,000 was for old age
pensions, There was also included in that
total $16,990,786 on account of the Panama
Canal and appropriations for restoring army
stores and Government buildings destroyed
by the San Francisco earthquake and fire.

Miscellaneous, $28,000,000; increase, $24,624,-
914, which includes $10,250,000 under the.
Oklahoma and Arizona-New Mexico State-
hood bill and $10,321,600 for new public build-
ings authorized by the Omnibus bill.

Deducting from the total appropriations
the Panama Canal reimbursements. the $57.-
000,000 for the sinking fund, $22,000,000 for
the redemption of national bank notes,
and $35,000,000 due to deficiencies
able to prior years, the statement shows
the actual appropriation forthe year whioh
began yesterday was $740,726,886. Chair-
man Tawney refers to the inorease this
year of $51,000,000 in the receipts from

 

increase,

 

Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sun. customs and internal rev enueand says:
“This satisfacto: wth is not: onl
Panis, July 2.—Signor Guattierro, the | indicative of the indu and ooknmnercie!

champion Italian waltzer, offered a prize | prosperity of the nation, but gives as-
of $200 to anybody who could outwaltz him. | surance, if these conditions are not dis-
Three Frenchmen, an Italian and a Russian | turbed by agitation jor other causes,» of
accepted the challenge, and the contest took | uch continued to make it

place yesterday in the Tivoli Vauxhall | of not less than $600 000 of

dancing ball. revenues for 1997, which, added to the esti-
Guattierro won easily, waltzing unceas- | ma 1 revenues, will prodave a

ingly for fourteen hours, during which his | 8tand total of revenue of $781,578,804, or a

lus of $40,846,477 over the total ex -
tures authorized by the Soe etoiabens at
this session.”

SAY WOMEN MISLED GIRLS.

Two Arrested for Inducing Children te
Visit Henry Alford Short.

+ Two more arrests were made last night in |-
connection with the arrest_of He Alford
Short, a real estate broker, on a charge of
ruining young girls. Short’s home is at 1
West Fifty-fourth street, but he maintained
separate quarters at’ 258 West Fifty-fifth
street, a furnished room house, where it is
alleged the assault took place, His busi-
ness address ia with Pease & Elliman of 620
Fifth avenue. Short is a member of the
University Club, a son of the late Prof.
Charles Short of Columbia University and a
brother of Edward Lyman Short.

Short was arrested on Saturday night at
the West Fifty-fifth street address. A
woman named Barbara Livingston, who
lives at 903 Sixth avenue, was arrested at the
same time charged with inducing a young
girl to visit Short.

The girls on whose charges the arrest
was made are Charlotte Fitesimmons of
582 Fifth avenye and Alene Walsh of 823

Seventh avenue, both schoolgirls of re=
spectable parentage. Magistrate Finelite
in the West Side court held both Short aid
the Livingston woman im $5,000 bail for
examination on Friday.

Detectives Troy and—Glennon of the
West Forty-seventh street station house
and Agent Pisarro of the Society
arrested last night Helen Yarnell, 26 years
old, a widow, of 903 Sixth avenue, and ha

compatriot, ,Poliluigi, played the piano
steadily, performing fifty-four waltzes.

 

Daniels Breaks World's SWimming Recor d.
Ss: Cable Despatch to THE SuN.
LonDon, July 2.—C. M- Daniels, the
American swimmer, to-day ewam 120 yards
in 1 minute 12 seconds at the Bath Club,
London. This is a world’s record for the
distance,

BALLOONIST FALLS 100 FEET.

Parachute Fails to Open and Hiliman Is
Badly Injured.

Paterson, N. J., July 2.—Charles Hill-
man, a balloonist, who has been making
daily ascensions here at Fairyland Park
for the past two weeks, fell with his para-
chute shortly after 5 o'clock this afternoon
when the balloon had gone up about one
hundred feet. The balloonist sine 00 the

hute in an awkward position but the
ines became tangled ‘and it failed toopen.
Hillman fell on a large wooden funnel
through which the balloon is filled daily.
He was unconscious when picked up.

An examination by physicians on the
grounds showed that the balloonist had
received serious injuries. He was removed
to the Genera! Hospital, where it was said
to-night that he was internally injured,
The balloon is the ordinary hotair affair,
filled with sufficient barrel stave smoke,
.gas and air to carry it up a thousand foet
or more.

When the balloon was sufficiently inflated
Hillman gave the signal to release it. He
awung wide of the ground and went up
turning someraalts in the air on two flying
rings. He was unconscious when picked up.

 

 

y Ennis, 29 years old, of 261 Biroh stréet, The

MAKE FIRECRACKERS LEGAL. Bronx. They are. char with being
. implicated in inducing girls to fo to Short’s

Boston Aldermen Pass Order Nullifying | rooms. The police say they have learned
Police Commissioner's Regulations. of six girls from 18 to 14 years old who

were ruined by Short throtgh the instru-
mentality of the two women. -An effort
is being made to find theee girls.

The women were locked up in the West
Forty-seventh street station house.

Boston, July 2.—The Boston Board of
Aldermen (Democratic), this afternoon took
the teeth out of the Fourth of July order of
Police Commissioner O'Mera (Republican),
calling for the arrest of all who exploded fire-
works in any place save a public way or
park, and prohibiting the use of horns,
by passing an order permitting the use of
fireworks anywhere in the city and raising
the ban on the fish horn.

Fire Commissioner Wells (Democrat) also
took exceptions to O'Mera's ideas on bon-
fires. In a statement for the guidance of
his department he says there is no reason
why bonfires should not be lighted at mid-
nig t, as has been the custom for genera-

ns.

rene Piensa a0 Wy thea oo thecght
° TO le one Ww.
O'Mers had gone too far with his pe bey

The action of the Adermen and Wells
is the nearest approach to a clash sinco
the Board of Police was establishod

TRADE RESTRAINT SUIT FAILS.

Stove Makers Cieared of Chicage Dealer's
Charge of Discrimination,

E Cxicas0; July 2.—Charges of illegal com-
binatiomin restraint of trade against several
Chicago firms came to naught in Judge
Patten's oourt to-day.

A. C. Sellagk, a stove and hardware
dealer, failed to get a verdict against the

Manufacturers Stove Repair Company,
Greenlee Bros. & Co. and other stove manu-

TWO HURT IN EXPLOSION.

 

Carbonic Acid Gas Tank Blows Up in a
Coney Island Drug Store.

The explosion of a tank of carbonio acid
gas yesterday evening in the drug store
of Alfred Chambers, one of Coney Island's
oldest residents, gent Carl Flecher, who
was trying to fix the tank, dying to the
reception hospital. His whole lower body
was terribly torn by: the force of the ax-
plosion. The druggist is lying at his home
on Surf avenue opposite the Culver station,
above the drug store. It is expected that
his right leg will have to be amputated.

The drog tore is right alongside the
Coney Island telephone station. On the
other side of it is a show known as the
Galveston Flood. The explosion jarred
all the plugs out of the telephone switch-
board and drove the girls screaming into
the street. The show also broke up hastily

because the attendants failed to keep t

VEE Seelbls withthe, eae Mee
‘The trouble was

gas was freezing in a tube that led ioe

ue tank to the fs foun be. r,

who was very near it, was badl

by pieces of the tank. His ech wan

 

facturers, whom ne had sued for $25,000 | Jacerated: Chambers had severe abrasio
damages. ‘ a ns
Selleck 4 that a: Rudahae Uk eens of the skin of his back and his right leg

and thigh were eo badly torn
tain that the leg will have
All except two of the gir
phone exchange ran away at the firet shook
and business was suspended. Jennie
MoDade of 1340 Fifty-fifth street, Borough
Park, and Lillie of 1827 Rogers street,
Brooklyn, stayed r the '
suffered from nervous shock and fie MaDe:
Biren metas,
8 lef operator went
Te Onis 16 eae Boed :
n show thought the
noise was all a part of the performa:
but they were dfeiiiustoned sien the ee
turer af the sound let out a yell for the
electrician to turn on the lights and get
| the people out of the- place. ineede
| knew then that something was wrong and
pane was a crush to get out. No one was

Prince of Wales Own Rifes,
Aupany, July 2.—The Prince of Wales
Own Rifles, Fourteenth Regiment, Kingston,
Ont., arrived here this afternoon, 400 strong,
to reroain over the Fourth of July.. They

jobbers had or, d an tion to
raise prices, and when he refused to join
the arasniesicn he says he found it-~im-
posel to buy many articles of ‘stock
which were necessary to his business.
This was denied by the manufacturers
end a verdict was returned to-day in their
‘avor.

Everything
For

- Fire
Protection

You will feel safer
if you invest some of

lm - 3

that Fourth of Jul s
money in pretectiny
your home.

S. F. HAYWARD €@0.

 

20 Warren St., New York -}/ ure the guests of the city and are quartered
~ Phila, and Pittsbarg Re age ‘enue one Bett see ae
| taimment are

 

REASONS:

ONE —Every cigar that I sell is manu.
factured right here. in the cleanest cigar
factory and under the most careful sari.
tary conditions that I have
ever seen. It is “finicky’
clean, accordin g to some.

TWO—This factory is very
close to the business centre of
the third largest city in the
United States, within ten
minutes of the City Hall and
Broad Street Station, and but
five minutes from the Reading
Terminal. People familiar with
Philadelphia wili recognize the
fact that I am not trying to
hide my factory. }

THREE -- All visitors to
my office are invited to, go
through the factory and see
the cigars made. They can
readily see that I am not try-
ing to hide anything in it.

FOUR — My cigars are
shipped direct from the fac-
tory to my customers, in the
best possible condition. -

EIVE—The fillers of these
cigars are clear Havana of
good quality—nét only clear,
but long, clean Havana—no
shorts or cuttings are used,
The wrappers are genuine
Sumatra. They are hand
made, by the best of work-
men. The making has much
to do with the smoking quali-
ties of a cigar.

SIX (and best)—I sell them
to the consumer by the hun-
dred at wholesale prices.

MY OFFER JS:—I will, upon re-
quest, send one hundred Shivers’
Panatela Cigars on approval to a
reader of The Sun, express pre-
paid, He may smoke ten cigars
and return the remaining ninety
at my expense, if he is not pleased
with them; if he is pleased, and
keeps them, he agrees to remit
the price, $5.00, within ten days.

In ordering, please enclose business card
or give personal references, and state
whether mild, medium, or/strong cigars are
desired.

HERBERT D. SHIVERS
3 Filbert Street, Philadelphia, Pa,

 

Shivers’
Panatela
EXACT KIZR
AND BHAPE

CLUBTT, PBABODY & CO.
Lerget Mabere at Odes aed Rairistin the Woeld

 

All the high-grade
CHAMPAGNE
shipped by Messrs.
Krug & Co. has
the words “Private

Cuvée” on the la-
bels and corks.

G. S. NICHOLAS

Sole Agent for the United State:

 

 

BEWARE OF SUBSTITUTION.

  
   

   

  

‘GARL_H. SCHULTZ.
LOOK FOR THE LABEL.

BUSINESS NOTICES.

*“DELATOUR” Soda. Ginger Ale, Sarsapar!ix
Lemon Soda. The best for nearly a century.

MARRIED.

BACON—RANDALL.—On Monday, July 2 1%.
at St. Paul's Church, Chestnut Hill, Philade!-
phia, by the Rev. Dr. J. Andrews Harris, Sisa0
Williams, daughter of the late Hon. Sarl
‘ Randall, to the Hon. Henry Bacon of Goshen,

» ¥,

 

 

JEROME MUM ON POLITICS.

Going to Be on Vacation Pretty Much All
This Month.
District Attorney Jerome went to his
or i the Criminal Courts Building yes
was very ready to tal k about
his fahing trip but would say nothing on
politics. - Jerome was questioned on
direct and indirect lines about a statement
his chief olerk, J
that he would be a candidate for Governor
but all Mr. Jerome would say was somo-
thing about summer politics and let it go at

Mr. Jerome will go to his home at Lake-
ville on Wednesday morning and stay there
until July 16, when he starts on hie Southern
trip. He will speak to the Georgia bar at
Warm Springs on July 18. He expects (0
return te work about August 1.

A. Henneberry,

Speeders eocemee
K. of C. Celebration tn the Park.
Over 5,009 members of the different con-
cils of the Knights of Columbus of Brook!ya
and the Genera bly of the Patriotic
Rank members of the same order, will }
8 celebration to-morrow in. Prospect Park
Bishop McDonnell and a large number °f
Catholic arene from Long Island »«'!!
aftend. he celebration begin at lu
o’clock in the morning.

 

Lockjaw From Toy Pistol Shot.
Frank Carson Meyer, the thirt een-yri™
old son of Fred W. Meyer of 240 Third str?!
‘Tereey City, died of lookiaw on Suniiy’
e68 If in the palm of his left hi" |
with a blank cartridge revolver on Fri!’
and tetanus set in t hours later
wes @ pupil at Pub lio Boboo! 2.