a

   
 

PUBLIC OWNERSBIP DISCUSSRD

yt. T. NEWCOMB VIEWS IT FROM
gHeE WORKERS’ STANDPOINT.

 

 

He Challenges the Op inion That the Gove
ernment [6 the Best Employer and Gays
That It Is Not Even a Fatr Empleyer
—Restrictions Placed on Ite Employees.

Irnaca; N. Y., July 2.—The social and
economic section of the American Associ-
ation for the Advancement of Science en-
joyed an interesting session in Boardman
Hall on the Cornell campus this morning,
several papers on the aubject of municipal
ownership of public utilities being presented
before a large audience of distinguished
sociologists and economists. The problem
was treated from several different view-
points. Charles Whiting Baker of New
York spoke in favor of municipal ownership.
Allen Ripley Foote of Columbus, Ohio,
urged a more careful publio regulation of
corporate control and H. T. Newoomb of
Washington, D. C., treated the subject from
the wage earners’ standpoint and chal-
Jenged the opinion that the Government
ja the best employer. He said:

In its efforts to convert municipal, State and
national Governments to particular portions
of ita socialistic programme the persistent
propazanda of public ownership, whose
tireless activities so visibly pervade current
American politics, usually demands the sup-
port of wage earners upon the ground that the
employees of public enterprises will be more
favorably treated than those of private en-
terprises in the same fleld. It is claimed
that public ownership means higher wages,
shorter hours of labor and, generally, better
conditions of employment.

The street corner Soolalist contends that
private profits are the consequence of ruthless
exploitation of workingmen, whose wrongs,
now vainly crying for relief, would be trans-
muted into abundant blessings by the simple
device of ousting the private capitalist and
putting government in his place. The’ In-
tellizence of his audience not affronted
by the absence of evidence that labor receives
less than it creates, and the assumption that
government ownership can create out of
nothing something wherewith to pay more
in wages for less in work and in product
passes without audible challenge.

And what is true of the avowed Socialist and
his leisure loving hearers ls equaliy true of
that numerous class compoged of those who
unwittingly support and advance the cause
of socialism because their sympathies outrun
their understanding. Govefnment has been
so frequently called the best employer that
many have come to believe, in spite of easily
available and abundant evidence to the con-
trary, that it is the best employer. 5

This opinion, here and now, I challenge. I
propose to prove not only that the govert-
ment is not the best employer, but that it is
not even a fair employer, Nor is this all. I
shall show conclusively that when governe
ment engages in industry on a large scale the
condition of ita employees naturally and
inevitably degenerates to that of slavery.

To prove that the Government is not the
best employer he quotes official statistics
showing that from 1898 to 1904 the cost of
living advanced 17 per cent., and that while
in private employment the average wages
per week advanced 12.76 per oent.,- in
purlic emplo: nt there was no advance.

e referred the restrictions placed on
Federal office holders and emplo in
the curtailment of their political privile >
by executive order, and, continuing, i

All classes of workmen, except those em-
ployed by the Government are free to petition
Congress, to persuade its members and its
committees, to seek to influence elections,
to do anything to obtain legislation in thair
own interests. But when the railways ate
nationalized the share of their entployees in
these activities must cease. Those who are
inclined to doubt the application of the pen-
alty will have their anticipations corrected
by consideration of the fate of the postal
employees not long ago summarily dismissed
for alleged violations of the rule. ‘

Personal liberty and compulsory labor
obviously cannot co-exist. The facts which
they represent are as repugnant to each
other as the terms themselves. The em-
ployee whose employer has power to compel
service is potentially a slave, I shall make
no apology for using the strongest language
in characterizing a condition which social-
istic agitators are dally asking free workmen
to substitute for their present freedom.
Every government which becomes an em-
ployer has the power to compel the ser-
vices of its employees upon terms of its own
choosing, and experience has shown that
this power will be exercised whenever the
assertion of a right to the contrary on the
part of a large body of workmen threatens
to interrupt the orderly progress of any
business in which government is engaged.

The right of every individual to work on
terms satisfactory to himself is sacred to
those who know and comprehend the con-
ditions essential to freedom, and equally
sacred is the right not to work, The work-
man who may not abandon his employment
for any reason sufficient unto himself is no
longer free, and he who Is not permitted to
cease to work for a poor reason may be re-
fused the right to cease when his reason isa
good one, If any authority of government
bas power to review his decision, to correct
his judgment and to send him back to work
or to impose pains and penalties for aban-
doning his employment, or for the manner
of such abandonment, he has become a slave.
Every employing government has power
to exercise such reviewing authority, to
compel further service, and to impose such
penalties. And when any government be-
comes a large employer of labor these powers
do not long remain in abeyance,

No Wholesale Desertions From the New
Battleships.

WASHINGTON, July 2.—Advices received
to-day at the Navy Department from Rear
Admiral Harrington, Commandant at the
Norfolk Navy Yard, discredited the re
ports that there were wholesale desertions
from the Virginia and Louisiana just prior
to their initial cruises. Admiral Harring-
ton reports that out of a complement of
749 men on the Louisiana only 25 were re-
ported absent when the battleship sailed,
and in a complement of 712 men on the
Virginia only 21 were missing. Since the
ships left the yard ten of the Louisiana's
men and four belongi to the Virginia
have returned. Enlist men are not
counted as deserters unless they overstay
their shore leave for ten days.

 

 

Barnes Will Take Charge of Washington
Post Office To-«<iay.

Wasuinaton, July 2.—John A. Merritt
will to-morrow turn over the Washington
city post office to Benjamin F. Barnes,
former assistant secretary to the Presi-
dent, and will take charge of the office of
collector of customs at Niagara Falls, N. Y.,
on Thursday. He was nominated to the
post seven months ago and prone? con-
rmed by the Senate. Mr. Merritt has been
detained here owing to the controversy over
the nomination of Mr. Barnes to be post-
Taster growing out of the Mrs. Minor Mor-
ris incident at the White House.

 

Meat Eaters

gain strength
and economy

Grape-Nuts

“There's a Reason"

  
    

  

greas
b
il

ha
fide
5

Pp
gu

boa’

SO eet nee P

BUILDING FALLACIES

No. 1: That any architect can design
any kind of a building.

 

THE FACT: However good an archi-
tect may be, he can excel only along
certain lines of work. The best architects,
like all essional men, are specialists.
CONTRACT DESIGNING selects the
architect who is best qualified for your
spacific work.

HOGGSON BROTHERS

CONTRACTING DESIGNERS
of Residences, Banks, Clabs, Libraries
7 EAST 44TH STREET

WILL MAKE OUR MEAT SAFE.

Secretary Wilson Says the Inspection Law
Will Be Thoroughly Enforced,
WASHINGTON, July 2.—Secretary of Agri-
oulture Wileon gave out the following state-
ment to-day in regard to the meat inspeo-
tion which will be established under the
authority of the law just passed by Con-

 

“American live stook are the healthiest
in the world. The great ranges of the
West produce herds of cattle in which the
percentage of disease is remarkably small,
and the Federal Government is steadily
reducing by approved scientific methods
this small percentage. The inspection
of the animals before and at the time of
slaughter has always been thorough. It is
true that the Department of Agriculture
has heretofore lacked the power and the
money to provide for an efficient super-
vision of sanitation and the methods of
preparation of canned meat food products.

“The legislation which has just become
effective provides the Department of Agri-
culture with an arenas law and with
supe money to carry it into effect. Super-
vision and inspection will be extended from
the pasture to the packa The Federal
stamp upon the can will a guaranteo
not only of the healthfulness of the animal,

ut also that the product was prepared
in sanita: surroundings, and with the
addition of no deleterious chemical or pre-
servative. Arly meat food product bearing
the Government stamp will be fit for food.

“With this law in operation, it may be
accepted as a fact that in bealthfulness and
puri the prepared or canned product
will compare favorably ,with the fresh meat
of the United States, which is, and alway 6

s been, the finest in the world.

“The new law is comprehensive, the
means for ita enforcement are ample and
its execution will be thorough. People
at home and abroad may use our meats in
confidence.”

NAVAL OFFICERS RETIRE.

’

Fourteen Go on the Retired List Volun-
tarily With One Grade Higher in Rank.
WASHINGTON, July 2.-The Secretary of

the Navy to-day announced the following

voluntary retirements:

Captains William 8. Moore, William H.
Turner, Kar] Rohrer and John A. H. Nickels;
Commander Albert N. Wood; Lieutenant-
Commanders Solon Arnold, John M. Poyer,
Walter O. Hulme, Henry E. Parmenter,
Albert C. Dieffenbach, Theodore C. Fenton,
John P. McGuinness, Horace V. Jones and
Benjamin Wells.

These officers go on the retired list volun-
tarily under the provisions of the personnel
act, with one grade higher than they held at
the time of retirement. The act provides
that there shall be in each year an average
of forty vacancies in the navy above the
ran Lieutenant, junior grade, in order
that the flow of acer ais may be renee:
During the fiscal year which has just closed
there were created twenty-six vacancies,
leaving course which it was necet ante te
create hy retirements under the act. re
were fifteen officers above the rank of Lieu-
tenant, junior grade, who applied for re-
tirement voluntarily, fourteen of whom are

laced on the retired list to-day, thue mak-
ing the required forty and relieving the re-
tiring board from the necessity of selecting
officers for retirement.

 

Movements of Naval Vessels.

WasHINGTON, July 2.—The battleship
New Jersey has arrived at Machias, the
cruisers Minneapolis, Denver, Des Moines
and Cleveland at Funchal, the cruiser Wol-
verine at Detroit, the cruiser Charleston
at Tompkinsville, the cruiser Tacoma at
League Island, the cruiser Chicago and
destroyer Preble at Tacoma, the cruiser
Boston at Seattle, the cruiser Baltimore at
Melbourne, the gunboat Princeton at Ana-
cortes, the collier Saturn at Bremerton, the
tug Choctaw at Washington, the destroyer
Paul Jones at Santa Cruz and the torpedo

t Rodgers at Norfolk. e

The battleship Louisiana has sailed from
Lynhaven Bay for Provincetown, the battle-
ship Iowa from Norfolk for New York, the
collier Lebanon from Tompkinsville for
Philadelphia, the aupoly ship Iris from
Chefoo for Shanghai and the tug Standish
from Annapolis for Hampton Roads.

Huntington Wilson Takes (ath as Assistant
: Secretary of State.
WASHINGTON, July 2.—Huntington Wilson,
recently appointed Third Assistant 5: cretary
of State to succeed Herbert H. D. Peirce,
‘whose nomination to be United States Min-
ister to Norway was confirmed by the
Senate shortly before the close of the ses-
sion, took the oath of office to-day and en-
tered upon thé discharge of his duties,
Mr. Wilson is familiar with diplomatic mat-
ters, having rerved for nine years as Secre-

tary of the American Legation in Tokio.
Minister Peirce, the retiring Third As-
sistant Secretary, expects to sail this week
from Boston for his new post as the first
United States Minister to the Kingdom

of Norway.

 

May Have to Rebuild the Assay Office.

WASHINGTON, July 2.—Assistant Secre-
tary Eawards and Supervising Architect
Taylor of the Treasury Department will
go to New York Friday or Saturday to make
a preliminary investigation of the Assay
Office. The onimbus public building bill,
paren Congress Saturday, carried
350,000 Se expended on the building,
giving the Treasury Department a very
wide discretion in the matter of the ex-
penditure. The report of the superintend-
ent of the baahetin sadioate oe in nes

ition an r

Seen helleve that it will have to be
practically rebuilt.

The Weather.

e temperature remained moderate yesterday
kee Middle Atiantlc and New England States, and
was noticeably lower in the Northwest, and the
upper Mississtppt and Missouri valleys. The coolness
was spreading.in front of an area of high pressure
coming down from the Northwest into the central

the Southwest.
Se ay the day was fair, with only moderately
high temperature: wind fresh southerly: average
humidity, 8 per cent.; barometer, corrected to read
to sea level, at 8A. M,, 20.01;3P. M., 29.82.
The temperature yesterday, as recorded by the
official thermometer, is shown In the annexed table:

- 1006.) 1906 1905.
OA. M....- at 66°; 6 P. M.....-. 83° 10°
12 M......+. 82 67°| 9 P. M.......78? (oe
SP. M..... 64 @0°\12 Mid........77 8’

Highest temperature, 84°, at 8 P. M.
WASHINOTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW

For eastern New York, New Jerey and Delaware,

showers to-day and to-morrow; Hght to
fresh west winds.

For the District of Columbia and Maryland, occa-
sional showers to-day and to-morrow; somewhat
cooler to-morrow; light to fresh west to northwest
winds.

For eastern Ponnsylvania, occasional showers
to-day and to-morrow and cooler in south por-
tions; light to fresh west winds.

For New. England, showers to-day; partly cloudy
to-morrow; light to fresh southwest to west winds.

For western New York, showers and cooler to-
day: probably showers to-morrow; light to. fresh
north winds

 

a

    

PANAMA CANAL COMMISSION.

 

PRESIDENT APPOINTS ALL BUT
TWO OF THE OLD MEMBERS,

 

Bishop, the Press Agent-@ecretary, In
eligible to Reappomtment—Engineer
Btevens Appointed in Piace ef Gen,
Ernst—Salaries Remain Unchanged.

Wasuinaopon, July 2.—Joseph Bucklin
Bishop, the prees agent-seoretary of the
Isthmian Canal Commiesion, abdut whose
salary and position there was recently much
controversy, has lost his prospective job
as a member of that body. It is probable,
however, that he will be continued as seo-
retary of the commission. The Senate ad-
journed without confirming his nomination
as commiesioner, and the appointment
having been made while the Senate was
in session and that body having failed, to
take action upon his name, he is not eligible
to renomination at thie time, or, if renom-
inated, would not: be entitled to draw salary
as a member of the:commission.

Because of the adjournment of the Senate
without confirming any of the members of
the commisaion the President has appointed
@ new commission, the announcement of
which was made at the War Department
to-day. The new commission is consti-
tuted as follows: Theodore P. Shonts,
chairman; John F. Stevens, Charles E,
ag Wag Peter ©. Hains, Brigadier-General
U. 8. A., retired; Rear Admiral Mordecai
T. Endicott, civil engineer, U. 8, N., and

Benjamin M, Herrod.
The only change in the membership is the
appointment of Chief Bo gineer Stevens as a
member of the commission in place of Gen.
Oswald H. Ernst, U. §. A., who was re-
cently promoted and retired, and thse omis-
sion of Mr. Bishop's name from the list,
Gen. Ernst’s ratirement from the Canal
Commission is due to the fact that the War
Department desires his services as a mem-
ber of the International Waterways Com-
mission, and the atatement is explicitly
made that it is due to no other cause. Mr.
Stevens has not heretofore been a member
of the commission.
chief engineer.
Thesalaries of the members of the commis-
sionare to remain as heretofore. Mr. Shonte

He is to continue as

will draw $3),000 a year and Mr. Stevens
13),000, Mr. Magoon and the other members
receiving $7,500 each. In addition to this
sum Mr. coon receives $10,0 00 as Governor
of the Canal Zone. He algo serves in the
capacity of United States Minister to Pan-
ama, but for this hedraws no salary. The
salaries of the members of the commissi on
fy not te law, but are determined by
ent,

The fact that Mr. Bishop is not reappointed
leaves a vacancy in the membership of the
commission which the President may fill
at his pleasure, as the law permits him to
name seven commissioners. The distinc-
tion between the reappointment of the other
members of the old commission and the
failure to reappoint Mr, Bishop is due to the
fact that the other members, with the ex-
ception of Mr. Stevens, were appointed and
sworn in during a recess of the Senate, and
they were therefore eligible to rpeenrio
ment when the Senate failed to confirm them
Mr. Bishop's appointment having been
made while the Senate was in on, and
that body having failed to take action in
his case, makes him ineligible to reappoint-
ment. In fact he has never offic 'y been
a member of the commission and the salary
which had been paid is that of secretary
of the commission only. originally
drew a salary of $10,000 as secretary, but
when criticism was made the salary was
reduced to $2,500. The President then
named him as a member of the commission

of $7,600 as such, which would

t his salary up to the original
he Senate confirmed his nomina-

with a sala
have prog
$10,000 had
tion. |

The commission is now’en route to Panama
and is expected to arrive there on a erey
It is expected that the commission will
Teor eanie and in all probability Mr. Bisho
will reappointed secretary with suc
salary as the commission may determine,
PERG ERO being left entirely to ita judg-
ment.

 

PANAMA CANAL BONDS.

Secretary Shaw Invites Bids for the New
Issue of $30,000,000.

WAsHINGTON, July 2.—Secretary of the
Treasury Shaw announced to-day that bids
would be received up to July 20, 1906, for
the new issue of $30,000,000 Panama Canal
bonds, The issue was authorized by Seo-
tion 8 of the act approved June 28, 1902,
and supplemented by Section 1 of the act
of Dec. 21, 1905.

The bonds will bear interest at the
rate of 2per cent., and will be dated Aug. 1,
1906, with interest'payable quarterly onthe
first days of November, February, May
and August. They will be issued in de-
nominations of $20, $100 and $1,000 of coupon
bonds, and of $20, $100, $1,000 and $10,000 of
registered bonds, redeemable in gold at
the option of the United States after ten
years from the date of their issue, and will
run for thirty years. The bonds will be
available to national banks as a basis for
circulation notes upon the same terms
asthe 2 per cent. consols of 1930, and recelv-
able as security for public deposits in na-
tional banks,

The law forbids their sale at less than

ar and provides that all citizens of the

Jnited Stites shall have equal opportunity
to eubacribe therefor.

Unde the Secretary's circular bids should
state the amount of bonds desired by the
subscriber, the price he is willing to pay,
and the place. where he desires to make

yment—whether at the Treasury of the

nited States or at the office of some one
of the assistant treasurers at New York,
Baltimore, Philadelphia, Boston, Chicago,
St. Louis, Cincinnati, New Orleans or San
Francisco. All bids should be addressed
to the Reore pry, of the T-easury, Division
of Loans and C' rrenoy and the envelopes
enclosing them should be plainly marked:
“Bids for Panama Canal bonds.”

Upon receipt and clageification of the
bids invited, the successful bidders will be
advised of the acceptance of their bids,
and they will be instructed as to the date
upon which payment is desired to be made
at the Treasury or some Sub-Treasury
of the United States.

In considering bids the bidders offering
the highest prices will receive first allot-
ment. Of two or more bidders offering the
same price those asking for the smaller
amounts of bonds will receive priority in
allotment.

The Department reserves the right to

rmit bidders offering the highest prices

increase the amounts of their purchases.

The Department

to reject any

to the interests of the U: ;
The bonds will be ready for delivery about

August 1, 1906.

New Minister From Colombia.
WASHINGTON, July 2.— The State Depart-
ment to-day received advices from Minister
John Barrett at Bogota to the effect that

Sefior Enrique: Cortez has been Sppoinved
Colombian Minister to the Uni State
Minister
of Sefior
of Sefior

also reserves the right

 

to succeed Sefior ae Mendoza.
Barrett says that t repelling
Mendoza and the appointment!

Cortez is the beginni of an era of
good feeling between the United States and
Colombia and the first step in bringing
about a treaty between the two countries
which will be mutually advantageous.
Sefior Mendoza has not been especially
successful or fortunate in the performance
of his diplomatic duties.

A Year’s Coinage at the Mints.
WasHinoror, July 2.—The Director of
the Mint issued a statement to-day which
showed that during the fiscal year just
ended the total coinage was valued at
$60,216,747 and 167,371,025 pieces were
minted. Of this amount the gold coins
while the
6,868. The
$3,198,202.
vern-

totalled in value $52,002,007,

ae cues age gated $34,01
nor coinage in the year reac
The coins struck on for fo

ments during the past year i 4,000,000

ld five an ree pees pleces and 1,000,000

pieces for Republic of Panama.

000 small coins were minted for

About 1
ppine Government. v

the Phi

 

 

@ Ao an Executor or Trus»
tee a trust company is pref-
erable to an individual,
because it has many qualities
of desirability that the indi-
vidual lacks, im addition to
the rights and powers be-
stowed upon him.,

rr
THis Company will
undertake the en-
the management of
estates, look after the
rents, imaurance, re-
pairs and taxes, as
well as the reinvest-
ment of surplus in-
comes

1 EQuI
rust COMPANY |
OF NEWYORK .
Fifteen Nesseu Street
Gaaltel a's bectiie, 210;800:000
letetont reed te Seem

 

AFTER. THE LAND GRAFTERS.

 

Fifteen Special Agents Sent Inte the West-
ern and Southern States.

WASHINGTON, July 2.—Investigation into
land frauds throughout the States having
public lands within their borders was
resumed to-day by a foroe of fifteen special
agenta of the Interior Department who
were furloughed during the past three
months on account of a lack of funds to
keep them going, the appropriation having
been exhausted.

The investigation has been progressing
with a limited force, but the fifteen men
who returned to the field to-day were
engaged exclusively in seouring evidence
relating to conspiracies to defraud the
Government out of portions of the public
domain. They were among the trusted
agents of the Secretary of the Interior, who
is directing the war on land grabbers and
land Gaiters, and their advent once more
into the field of investigation is expected to
result in the uncovering of other big fraud-
ulent schemes.

At the general land office to-day it was
learned that the officials to
Cop rree in other Western States the re-
sulta acoomplished in the Akron district
of Colorado, where a conspiracy was un-
oovered resulting in the indictment of
six men, two of whom are now in the
pennaneny: .The most active work is to

done in Montana, where more thana
hundred indictments were returned a year
or so ago in land fraud cases. Six
pene agents are now at work in that
tate, and two more from thpse who re-
sumed work to-day were serenes there,

Samuel O'Fallon of Missouri, a personal
representative of Secretary Hitchcook and
working under the Secretary's direction, is
in charge of work {n Idaho, where results
have already been reported. The trials of
the other conspirators in Colorado are
approuci aaa the Government expeocts to
secttre convictions in their cases.

The fifteen men who resumed work to-day
are distributed over the South and West.
Non A are to work in Louisiana and Mis-
8 pi in the South, and in Arkansas, Ne-
brake, Colorado, Utah, Idaho and Mon-
tana, as well as Oregon and Washington,
None are arsigned to Oklahoma or Kansas.
The most im nt work is in Montana,

Oregon and Washington, but several are
assigned to assist the United States District
Attorney in Nebraska to secure evidence
and te na char with unlaw-
ful enclosures of the public domain for
pasturage purposes. Rev. Mr. Wear,
an Episcopal n, was the victinr

The force of special agents is under Mr.
Pollock, Assistant Commissioner of the
General Land Ottice. He had charge of
them before he succeedeti Mr. Fimple of
Ohlo, who retired recently from the office
of Assistant Commissio Mr. Pollock
had reported to Commissioner Richards
before this change, but when he became
Assistant Commissioner Mr. Richards placed
the entire matter in ‘his hands,and the special
agents, except those working under Seo-
rary Hitchcock, are now directed by
Mr. Pollock.

Army and Navy Orders.

WasHInoTon, July 2.—These army orders were
issued to-day:

Major Ellas Chandler, Twenty-fourth Infantry
fg retired from active service and will proceed
home.

The retirement of Lieut.-Col. George H. Pad-
dock, Fifth Cavalry, {8 announced.

Major Alfred M. Palmer, quartermaster, is re-
tired from active service and Wid proseng home,

nt

Capt. Harry 8. Howland, Infantry, de-
talled as Major to command Fourth Battalion,
poet ppane scouts, vice Oar Charles T. Boyd,
Tenth Cavalry, relieved at his own. request.

Capt. Amos B, Shattuck, Twenty-ffth Infantry,
detailed for service in Quartermasters Depart-
ment, Capt. Sampson L. Falson, Quarter-
master, relieved.

1, Oswald H. Ernst ts placed on the retired
Mst of the army with the rank of Brigadier-General.

Licut.-Col. Peter 8S. Bomus, Sixth Cavalry, will
repair to Washington after July 1 on official busl-
ness pertaining to duties as executive officer of the
national matches at Sea Girt, N. J.

ret Lieut, James Prentice, Artillery, to Sea
Girt, N. J., for temporary duty pertaining to in-
struction of the personnel of Battery A, Fleld Ar-
tillery, National Guard of New Jersey, in care,
reservation and use of the three Inch field ar-
Eiltery material shipped to the Beery:
Capt. John L. DeWitt, Ninth Infantry, to Fort
Leavenworth.

These navy orders were issued:

Rear Admiral M. R. S. Mackenzie, retired, placed
on_the retired Iist.

. J. A. Norris, retired, placed on the re-

tired ltst.

Commander W. P. Winchell, retired, from Balti-
more, Md., to home.

Commander G. B. Ransom, orders of May 17
modified, to Barberton, Ohlo.

Commander S. H. Leonard, Jr., retired, from
Bath. Me.,

to home.
Licutenant-Commander L. D. Miner, to Shelby,

Otlo.
Licutenant-Commander G. E. Burd, to Raltl-

more, Md.
lieutenant-Commander G. W. McElroy,

ath, Me,

Lieut, C. L. Arnold, from the Lancaster to the
Brooklyn,

Licut. H. T. Winston, from Washington, D. C.,
to the Charleston.

Fnaign L. 8, Cox, Jr., from the New Jersey to
the Brooklyn.

Midshipman A. T. Church, from the Charleston
to the Hancock,

Assistant Surgeon P, E. Garrison, to the Naval
Hospital, Philadelphia.

to

 

Fagan Blighted by the Undertakers.

There is some ill feeling among the mem-
bers of the Hudson County Undertakers’
Association because Mayor Mark M. Fagan
of Jersey cy was not asked to be a guest
at the association’s annual shore dinner
at Bergen Point. Mayor was in the
padertaking business before he was elected.
The committee in charge of the event has
asked Col. Samuel D. Dickinson, the Repub-
lican leader; Robert Davis, the Democratio
leader and others who never were under-
takers to the dinner, and the Mayor's friends
say there is no good reason why his name
should have been omitted from the list of

guests.

 

OBITUARY.

Dr. Charles Henry Kehnroth diea of Bright's
disease yesterday at the French Hospital.
He finished only ater days ago his twelfth
rar as a muster in Berkeley Schoo). In the

rimean War he was a Lieutenant in the
Fas army. In 1860 he was graduated

rom Frianger University in SemADT He

medicine in London an 1870
received the honorary degree of LL, D. from
tpe London University. He had taught in
the colonies altogether about twenty years,
as professor of modern

e

rtly in Nova t

languages, and partly in the West Indies
Buco
Bae essively 0

whe @ was
St n's Academy, Retiro Academy and
Potedam Grammar School or the ten

ears preceding wis work at Berkeley he had
n professor ern languages ani
drawing at Blair Roademy, Blairstown, N. J.

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN.

Dove eee eto rner Cerone cers in ee

employ Cease ic Way at Montrea’

who fea the United States when te found out
thon goverahoest weee suspicions of bi moda

m jous 0} met!

of handling invoices of goods consigned to the

8)
rallwe was held yesterday by Com-
Bunsoner Alraasier in the hited Sides’ crews

 

 
  
 

THE. SUN, TUESDAY, JULY 3. 190s.

 

TO TURN DOWN IVINS

OBJECTIONS FROM BOTH SIDES
IN BOARD OF ALDERMEN,

 

 

Chances Are That the Beard Will Do Neth-
ing at All Until the Fall, by Which
Time Little Tim Predicts the Whele
Thing Will Have ‘‘Fluttered ut.”

The report prepared by William M. Ivins

for the ‘special’ committee bf the Alder-

men appointed to investigate the Street
Cleaning Department has no chance of
being adopted by the board. The Ivins
report called for the dismissal of Com-
missioner Woodbury. Only two.of the five
committeemen. signed for that, and the
other three made two more minority re-
ports among them.

Chairman Grifenbagen of the committee
had’ expected that the reports would be
considered by the board yesterday. Alder-
man Meyers, the leader of the majority, and
Little Tim Sullivan, the head of the Tam-
many side of the chamber, went into con-
ference before the meeting, and when it
was over word was sent to Mr. Grifen-
hagen that his report would have to go over
for a week. Mr. Grifenhagen was vexed
and threatened to make trouble for the
“Sullivan-Meyers combine,” as he is said
to have described it, butas he was helpless
he persuaded himself to be calm, and on
his motion the consideration of the reports
was deferred until the next. meeting.

This will be on Tuesday,and will be the
last meeting of the Aldermen until Sep-
eer adopt the

require forty votes to adopt t
Grifenhagen yeport.” It is Satan thee
those votes will not be obtained. Little
Tim is opposed to the ing of the Ivina
report, and it is understood that Mr. Meyers
objects that the evidence taken by the
committee did not justify the splenetic
wording of the report and the demand for
the dismissal of the Commissioner.

The intention, it was said yesterday, of
of the leaders of the majority and minority
of the board is to allow the Great Grifen-
hagen Movement to die a natural death.
Next week there will not be enough votes
to act on any one of the t reporta and
that will mean that they will lie dormant
until the fall.

“I guegs it’s safe to predict that by that
time,” Little Tim Sullivan said meaningly
yesterday, “the whole thing will have flut-
tered out.”

OFF TO PAN-AMERICAN CONGRESS.

American Delegates. Sail for the Meeting
at Rio Janefro.

The United States delegates to the third
Pan-American Congress, which is to be
held in Rio de Janeiro, sailed yesterday on
the steamship Byron. The delegation was
headed by William I. Buchanan, formerly
Minister to Panama and the Argentine
Republic. Others oh the Byron were Will-
iam C. Fox, direotor of the International
Bureau of American Republica; Mr. Dean
of the Department of State; Fletcher Neigh-
bors, private secretary to Secretary Foot,
who is going on the United States cruiser
Charleston, and William: J, Johnson.

Just before sailing Mr. Johnson said
that while we had practically doubled our
foreign trade within the past ten years
we had neglected to push business in Cen-
tral America and South America. Saidhe:

“Of our entire business in the ten re-
publics for 1905, nearly $150,000,000 worth
was with Brazil and the Argentine Re-
public, and ony a little over $58,000,000
with the other eight. While we buy every
year immense quantities of coffee and

jbber from Brazil, that oountry draws
tne "prea bull of ‘its requirementa in
manufactured goods from Europe.

“Shortly speaking, our commercial re-
Yations. with Central and South America
leave very much to be desired and are'far
from being satisfactory. On the other
hand, there is no doubt that closer com-
mercial relations between the United States
and ita twenty Latin-American eister ree
publica, can be established if proper and
energetic efforts are made, It is with
this end in view that I am going to Rio de
Janeiro, whence I shall make an extensive
tour of the principal countries on the At-
lantio and Pacific coasts of South America
and I shall feel more than satisfied if this
conference and Secretary Root’s tour will
result in an increase of our material in-
terests—that is to say, in a larger export
trade from the United States to South
America.”

PHILADELPHIA ICE MEN HELD.

Thirteen Heads of Companies Must Answer
Charges of Conspiracy to Raise Prices.
PHILADELPHIA, July 2.—Thirteen ice men

were to-day held in $4,500 bail each to answer

a charge of conspiracy. A dozen lawyers,

some of them among the most prominent

of the Philadelphia bar, sweltered for hours
after having vainly attempted to escape
by waiving a ng.

District Attorney Bell was, however, de-
termined to get some of his evidence on

record.

After the testimony had been taken the
Magistrate fixed the bail, which was entered
by the following men, whose companies
are also named: Samuel Freer, Mountain
Ice Company; Walter Lee, American Ice
Company; Joseph W. Richardson, John Han-
cock Ice Company, also said to_represent
American Ice Company at Ice Exchange;
John Moore, Consolidated Ioe Company;
John S. Gustine, Standard Ice Company;
Harry G. Franklin, American Ice Company
of Philadelphia; Charles D. Rosa, Subrey Ice
Company; Charles Dickerman and Levi F.

 

Yeakley, North Penn Ice Company; W. A,
Biggar, of A. W. Biggar & Co.; W. J. Walls
Perkiomen Ice Company, and Robert Lowry,

Germantown Ice and Distilled Water Com.

pany.
LICENSES IN ASBURY PARK.

Ordinance Creating Excise Board Passed
in Face of Bitter Opposition.

Aspury Park, N. J., July 2.—With the
passage of an ordinance creating an excise
board, licenses to sell liquor in Asbury
Park appear to be a near probability, The
ordinance came up for final reading in the
council and was adopted by unanimous
vote in the face of a protest from several
citizens. One evangelist gave notice that
he would fight license in Asbury Park all the
way to the Supreme Court of the United
States,

The Rev. Mr. Jones also protested against
the council's action on the ground that the
taxpayers had passed upon the question
last summer. A of excise will be
nominated at the next election, when the
final struggle for license in Asbury Park
will take place.

 

Ferbids Transfer of Meribund Patients.

An ordinance was adopted by the Alder-
men yesterday making it a misdemeanor
for the superintendent of any hospital to
refuse to receive an ambulance patient or to
transfer such patients when in a dangerous
condition from one hospital to another.
A penalty of $100 was fixed for violation of
the ordinance, bit it was provided that.the
meagure should not apply to persons suffer-
ing from contagious diseases. The
of thé ordinance is to prevent the transfer
of patients from the general hospitals to
Bellevue. ,

 

$10,000 Ball Given Here for Man Abroad.

Pail in $10,009 in the shape of one United
States Treasury gold certificate was depos-
ited with Chief Clerk Edrich of the United
States Circuit Court yesterday to insure
the appearance in that court in the fall of
Abraham White, president of the De Forest
Wireless: Telegraph Company, who, the
National Electric Signalling Comrany
charges, tas violated the order issued by
Judge MH. It. Wheelér several months ago
reatraititig the De Forest compen from
makin ending or. using certain dence.
Mr. White, who is abroad. directed that the
bail be furnished.

REPORT, |r

a : — se ————  uu-—-—7—-----—oroorsesaes>—_*— os >: an—— SS 2
aa aaa ne nee eee eee ee
a

 

To-day and To-morrow.

  

ae
i ;
a

cee

ale aan i dy ap m mt :

\ "Our work's cut out for us to-day—we'll
* “be busy supplying the eleventh hour clothes
needs—providing good suits, good hats,
good. shoes, good shirts, together with ‘all
the other good wearables for men.

Don’t let the pleasure of the Fourth go up in
smoke, because you've forgotten any of the neces.

caries up above. ,
WM. VOGEL & SON,
Broadway, Houston St.

 
 

"BOONEKAME Bittersee

fm  Out-door exercise is -~so is UNDERBERG BITTERS.

Pe Both make for g

stimulates,
aS as a necessity in the home and
iam function. e ‘'stand-by”’
id Enjoyable as a cocktail

oh

¥

’ rocer., wine merc
ass

health.
delicious appetizer, and aids digestion.
es, and benefits permanently.

Underberg Bitters is a
As a tonic it
Recognized
pular at every social
of all well-informed tourists.

The Best Bitter Liqueur.

and better for you,

ver 6,000,000 bottles imported to the United States,

ts, hotels, clubs, cafes, restaurants, etc.

At
ey Bottled only by H, Underberg Albrecht, Rheinberg, Germany,

LUYTIES BROTHERS .Gen'l Aots *
-Plodel Wine: Cellars..204 Witliam Street,New York.

NEGRO'S LICENSE TAKEN AWAY.

 

MOB ATTACKS AUTO DRIVER.

Vaiden ef Brooklyn Can No Longer Purvey:| Horse Killed in Colliston on Eighth Av,—

Colered Servants,
Commissioner Bogart of the Department
of Licenses refused yesterday to grant the
application of B. F. Vaiden, a negro, for
a renewal of his permit to have an employ-
ment agency at 78 Fleet street, Brooklyn.
The decision of the Commissioner was made
after several hearings, at which Vaiden was
accused of getting money from employers
of negro eservante for which service was
not rendered. There were also complaints
from the servants themselves and at the
instigation of the Women’s Municipal
League charges of immoral conduct at
Vaiden's Fleet street home were made.
But the refusal of the license wes based on
the money matter. <A tinue
The young negro women brought North
by Vaiden on oe from his Southern
agency at Norfolk, Va., are known as oon-
tract girls. He paid their fares to New
York and boarded them in Fleet street
until he could find pscee for them. His
charge for each girl ave about $20,
which he collected from the ea Pra et
This was paid with the understandi: hat
the new servant would work it out ‘ore
receiving any cash for her domestio services.
In many cases the girls left before doing
the money's worth of work, and the em-
ployers complained to Commissioner Bo-
gart. In other cases the servants com-~-
plained that they were not receiving any
wages. There were altogether fifty-four
charges made against Vaiden in the course
of a year by employers and servants. He
ot rid of some of the charges by refund-
ie money to employers whose servants
had left prematurely.
The charges of immorality were based on
the corroborated affidavits of four negro
women. Vaiden will now appeal to the
courts for an order to compel missioner
Bogart to renew the license.

SAYS HE SAW BOY DROWN.

Man Teo Far Away to Help—Police Find
Clothing on Pier.

Joseph A. Curry of 246 West Fifty-third
street told Patrolman Seebeck of the West
Forty-seventh street station house early
last evening that he had seen a boy drown
in the river off the foot of West Fifty-second
street. Curry said that a number of young
boys were diving from & manure scow
moored at the pier. One of them swam
out about a hundred yards, raised his
bands, shouted for help and sank. The
other boys, according to made no
attempt to save him, but, scrambling
the pier, gathered up their clothes and
scattered. Curry himself .was at too great
distance to be of any tance,

Patrolman Seebeck found a pair of blue
knickerbockers, a blue shirt and two caps,
one blue, the other black, on the pier where
the clothing of all the boys had been. The
clothing was taken to the station house,
where a see examined coring em t by
a number o: who re m
boys. No ond hed identified the clothes at
a late hour.

Curry thought the boy was about 10 years
old, but was too far away to give any
descrip’

 

tion of him.

 

* FIVE POISONED BY CANDY.

Brooklyn Children Go to Hospital After
Eating Lemon Sticks.
Five children, ranging from ten months
to nine years old, belonging to a family
named Weiner of 488 Smith street Brooklyn,
were all ta ken sick yesterday after eat z
They were removed in an
ambulance to the Long Island College Hos-
pital. The. cote showed symptoms of
poisoning, it is supposed the cand
contained some deleterious compound.
friend of the family, who is an inmate
of the Oki Men’s Home in Sixteenth street,
bought the lemon sticks yesterday when
he came on a visit to the children. He
could not recall where he had purchased
them. It is reported at the hospital last
evening that the children were all out of
danger.

International Paper Company Grants Eight
Hour Day.

Guens Fats, N. Y., July 2.—It is under-
stood from an authentic source that the
International Paper Company has con-
ceded the demand ‘af ite. employees for an
eight hour day through all the mills at the

ten hour wage le now in f in al
branches, pi tga ition that it ahah go into
effect in two mills, Livermore Falls, Me.,
and Palmer, on Jan. 1, #0907; in South Glens
Falls and Fort Edward on May 1, 1907,
and at the other mills of the company not
having the system in force as soon after the
latter date as practicable. This proposition
is now under consideration by the men,
and it is believed.will. be accepted.

_ Baby: Rolls ut of Window.
Benjamin Plumb, 2 years old, son of’ Mr.

and Mrs: James Plumb of 288 East 112th
atreet, was left gsleep at the window of his
peme by bis mother.
e fa nee stories to rg aes, wes
Sherward at the Hogpital.

 

lemon. eticks.

 

 

ESS RS Sake: : g
'

@no Bide of Thoroughfare Out of Business.

A head on collison between an auto-
mobile and a milk wagon travelling on
the same side of Eighth avenue at 4 o’clook
yesterday morning caused fatal injuries
to a horse. The driver of the auto was
badly mauled by a crowd before a police-
man rescued hlm. When he was arraigned
in the Weat Side court his face was covered
with blood and he said he was covered with
bruises;

He is Edward Oopleston of 101 West
104th street,and he was driving a machine
owned by a firm of Brooklyn auto dealers
in which Edgar Storme, Jr., of 8 Macon
street, one of the owners, was riding at the
time. The machine was running on the
wrong side of the street because ‘the oppo-
site side was torn up. Near Thirty-fourth
street it struck a horse owned and driven
by William T. Kells, a dairyman, of 839
East Fifty-first street with such force that
a spring was plunged into the breast of
the horse., The animal had to be shot Jater.
Both Kells and Storms were thrown out
and severely bruised but Copleston was
uninjured. The crowd that gathered in
a jiffy got the idea that Copleston was trying
to get away. and pitched into him. In
oourt Kells said that Storms had promised
to settle for the horse and he wouldn't
prose the charge. Magistrate Finelite told

im to get out papers in a civil suit, after
which he would permit the criminal prose
cution to be withdrawn. :

 

Hearing on Coney Island Faye.
ALBANY, July 2.—The State Railroad
Commission will give a hearing at its office -
in New York city at 10 A. M. on July 16 on
the Coler complaints. The purpose of these
complaints is to force a five cent fare to

Coney Island on the various lines running
between New York and Coney Island.

SUFFERED AGONIES
FOR FOUR YEARS

Whole Foot Nothing But Proud Flesh
— Tried Different Physicians and
All Kinds of Ointments — Could
Walk Only With Crutches— Ohio
Man Says:

“CUTICURA REMEDIES
THE BEST ON EARTH”

“In the year 1899 tho side of

right foot was cut off from the litt

.toe down to the heel, and the physician
3 who had charge of me

was trying to sew up
the side of my foot,
but with no success.
When he found out
oat ene work,
e to
heal the wound with
all kindsof ointment,
until at Last my whole
foot and way up
above my was
nothi ut proud
flesh. I suffered un-
told agonies for four years, and tried
different physicians and all kindsof oint-
ments. I could walk only with crutches,
It is sixteen months ago since I began
using Cuticura Soap and Ointment for
my limb and foot. The first two
months the Cuticura Remedies did not
seem to work, but I kept on using them
both. In two weeks afterwards I saw a
changein my limb, Then I began using’
Cuticura Soap and Ointment often dur-
ing the day and kept it up for seven
months, when my limb was healed up
just the same as if I never had trouble,
“It is eight months now since I
stopped using Cuticura Remedies, the
best on God's earth. I am working
at the present day, after five years
of suffering. The oost of Cuticura
Ointment and Soap was only $6;
but the doctors’ bills were more like
$600. You can publish my name and
refer any one to write to me about
Cutitura Remedies. I will answer all
letters if postage is enclosed. John M.
Lloyd, 718 8. Arch Ave., Alliance, Ohio,
dune 27, 1905,”

Complete Externe) and Internal Treatment for every
amor, from Pimples to Scrofuls, from Infancy to Ast,

of Coticura one, 2bc., Oiniment, Wc le
‘Be. (in form of Chocolate Coated Pills, abc. per vial
Do aad of a) Grawanas, A ingle ont often Maret
. Corp. ¢ Prope., ‘on.
How to Ouse Skin aad Blood Humesn,”

 

 

 

   

  
   

en rags miata el A COUT Ai MO alg oe

=

 

a

as,

 

wa ete

 
    
    

A a IN OSS

nb ha a

SETTER ROIS
eee