ae

 

 

.the New York Life Insurance Compan

 

4e

HOLD PERKINS NOT. LISBLE. ae

 

N.Y, LIFE INVESTIGATORS MAKE
THEIR FINAL REPORTS,

 

And Mr. Perkins, James A. Biair, Nerman
BB, Ream and Henry Walters Resign.
—Comnittee Finds o New Reason for.
the Sale and Repurchase of Securities.

The New York Life Insurance Company’s
epecial investigating committee, composed
of Thomas P,. Fowler, Norman B. Ream,
Hiram R, Steele, Col. A. G. Paine and Clar-
enge H. Mackay, submitted its final report
40 the company’s board of trustees yester-
day. Accompanying the regular report was
@ especial one in answer to a demand by
a policyholder that suits be brought against
the trustees responsible for losses sustained
{n certain of the transactions disclosed be-
fore the Armstrong committee,

The investigators absolve George W.
Perkins and the other members of the com-

'g finance committee from any Hiability
In the transactions criticised, The finance
eommitiee’s management of the affairs of
the company is generally sustained, the
findings insome cases being directly opposed
to those of the Armstrong investigators. A
new explanation of at least one of the criti-
cised transactions is eortained in the
report.

Following the presentation of the report
Mr. Perkins’s resignation as a trustee of
the company was accepted. He handed in
his resignation last December, but it had
been kept on the table by the board. It
is understood that Mr. Perkins was urged
to reconsider, but refused. James A. Blair,
Henry Walters and Norman B. Ream also re-
signed, It is said that they decided to
retire because continued service under the
Armstrong committee laws might interfere
with their personal business interests.

These men were nominated te fill the va-
eancies: H, H. Burton of Nashville, Tenn.;
A. A, Raven, president of the Atlantio Mu-
tual Insurance Company, of New York;
George F’. Seward, president of the Fidelity
and Casualty Company of New York,.and
James H. Eckels, former Comptroller of the
Currency, of Chicago.

One of the transactions which was made
the subject of a special investigation by the
Fowler committee was the sale by the New
York Life toJ.P. Morgan & Co. of §800,000 of
International Mercantile Marine bonds and
their repurchase at the same price two days
later, the company’s report to the State
Superintendent having been made in the
meantime. This transavtion furnished the
basis for several days work by the Arm-
strong committee, and Mr. Perkins was ex-
amined several times in regard to it.

The Armstrong committee found in its
report that “there was no bona fide sale‘and
that the whole purpase of the transaction
was to conceal the extent of the company’s
interest in the navigation syndicate.”

The Fowler committee says that in 1902 the
New York Life applied for a participation of
$5,000,000 in the navigation syndicate and

,was allotted $4,000,000. Of thie amount
$8,200,000 was called in that year. In the
following year $800,000 more was called and
paid for. Though there was no formal
action by the finance committee respecting
any disposition of this $800,000 intereat, it
was the understanding of the committee
that if it could be disposed of to advantage
it should be sold. The report continues,

Qn December 31, 1903, Mr. Perkins, then
chairman.of the finance committed, informed
Mr. Randolph, treasurer of the company, that
for J, P. Morgan & Co., of whieb firm Mr.
Perkins was a member, he would purchase the
£800,000 interest at par. It waa accordingly
transferred on that day hy the New Yark Life
Insurance Company to J. P, Morgaa & Co.,
and acheck of J. P. Morgan & Ca. for $800,000
was received on the same day by the New
York Life Insurance Company and deposited
to its credit in bank.

Mr, Perkins later ascertained that it wag not
the custom for J. P. Morgan & Co. to purchase
participation interest jp the underwritings of
any syndicate of which that firm was man-
ager, and tha: to buy the underwritings ov
» Wou
involve either a discrimination as to that
company or a moral obligation to repurchase
the subscription of every other subseriber who
might wish to sell to the firm. . After eon-
sideration on January 2, 1904, Mr, Perkins re-
ported to the company that by reason of this
position of J. P. Morgan & Co., and the fact
that he represeated both parties to the sale,
the tranasction would have to be annulled.
The transaction wou, therefore, on that ground
annulled, and on ihat day the cer ifcate was
returned to the company and the company
repaid to J. P. Morgan & Co. the $890,000 and
$266.67 Interest for two days At the end of
the year 1904 tha $390,000 participation was
suld through J. P, Morgan & Ca., and the New
York Life Insurance Company received there-
for, the su of $720,000, being 99 per cent,
Your pommittee is advised by counsel and re-
porta that there is no liability on the part of
Mr. Pergine or any officer or trustee in con-
nection with these transactions,

Another much talked of transaction
passat on by the Howler committee was
the Mexican Central Railway bond trans-
action. That occurred in June, 1904. Mr.
Perkins waa offered by the representative
of the Boston banking house an interest |
on joint serount with it in Mexidan Central |
bonds. The transaction involved an im-
mediate advance to the Mexican Central,
and Mr. Perkins was called on to furnish
$030,008 on the security of $1,000,000 of the
bonds,

He testified that he had taken the interest
in the fransavtion on behalf of Nylic, a
New York Lif ageney organization, which
had at that time securities worth $1,000,009,
of which he was trustee, stead of selling
the Nylic securities to provide the necessary
money he arranged with the treasurer of
the New York Life to advance the amount.
ua a temporary loan, with the bonds as
eeourity, the company to receive the in-
terest on the bonds during the time the !oan

 

ran.

The Boston firm sent the bonds direct to
the New York Life, The transaction was
finally closed, with a profit of $40,193.60 on
the interest which Mr. Perkins had taken |
for the Nylie fund. A check was sent |
direct to the New York Life, and it was
turned over to Mr. Ferkins, who added it
te the Nylio fund.

The Armstrong committee concluded
that the New York Life was deprived of
profits to which the use of its money fairly
entitled it. The transaction, the State in-
vestigators found, was not brought before
the company’s finance committee, and the
cheek didn't pass through the New York
Life accounts, The Fowler report finde:

Mr. Perkins took the interest in the trans-
action for the Nylic fund. For the Joan
made by the New York Life It had the security
of the $1,000,000 of bonds, and Mr, Perkins
having acted for Nylic fund, its funds were
an additional security, The New York Life
received back the sum it advanced with In-
tereat at the rate mentioned. Mr, Perkins
had never assumed to put the company into
the venture jointly with the Boston house.
The committee faila to see any basis in equity
Jor the claim that the company Is entitled
to the share of the interest in the joint venture
which Mr. Perkins took for the Nylic fund,
and it is adviged by ite counsel that there is
none in law or equity.

Had Mr. Perkins notified the Boston house
after the advance of the company was repaid
and the bonds redelivered to sénd the check
for the profits on the ultimate closing of the
venture to him and it had been sent to him
and turned over by him to the Nylic fund
the qompany would have no claim and none
is conferred upon it by reason of the fact that
the check was gent to the order of the vom-

 

pany
In reference to the transaction in New
Orleans Railways Company securities

nae
5 re ha

—-- io — se estan a EE ee — a
&

=. Beye s A ete: | tetgunmne

100, roy F, vlan comtal
$820,000, o
i radically fram those of
Shares 1804, 63,800,000 of the
N leans Railwa: and also
interest in the New jeans cate
00 par amount, for w $2,600,009

tears “both from t a nw fork
New vi ie mg Now Oneans

interesta was infl gument
the New York Life had an aa:

vantageous ite holdings in the
pany ta trust company iteelf

apparently with ee ner object ¢ fo
agaist the Reourlty Trust
Company 0 hist init, *This

was an t wholly w: juatifioar
tion,” gaid the pag ;

suerte ee na in glee: A
nthe tacks tol mich sounttiona, The

investment of the funds of the copape y.
It was made due ogre and r ine
qu into the nature of the :ecurities and

‘acte bearing on their value.
Leading § cere pp Orleans
were’ y intorented enterprise
gucoess when the

were
New York Life decided to engage in iM

QIEENOT Cece S of al Bane of
egan an ns © company
to prohibit it fof controlling or operating
the franchises and properties of the street
railroad and UH hung companies. This
trouble necessita a reorpawission and
that is how the New York Life lost.

The Fowler committee says it is that
hea prior to the purchase, ons
ween the New York Se

Comp. nd thi rust Com-
for th x of the pve Same

Pasta crap
bee

ew York Security and Trust Company, it is
said, reduced ita holdings 80 as to inorease its
Sromtan”

strong committee was that the Continental

fi

Trust Com ob. to the New York
Security's New Opeape on holdings
tsk ie Ken tod Sdargrtng pula:
00! a ng pa-

tion off the trust company’s hands.
in reference’ to the otion in Upited
Colliers bonds in 1902, which the ng
committee said had been ° 4
0!

id ug
& nominal sale |to J. 5 epoee oes
London, 80 that they woulda be disolosed
teatlees, the sepest sere Renal?

ent, Fe) 6a ve
been Be ne to eoneledger ale and
are now in the hands of a of the com-
peay for ope whee 9. f r prioa can be
realized : }

The report, 6 of the general work
oe Be arte

amounted to $201,062,
the to $101,587,319.90, Tales feaeny-
tlons of securities

The profits ized from the and
fradicnves weve Fei ve ones , a
n the same peri 0° "
680, which dude all of cases Selden

above. Daye ioe [ svanee: ihe
“In yiew of the a °
mittee’s purchases sre, aot the jast
five years alone, and the profits realised
from the sale of securities during that period,
the losses oan only be deemed to be rela-
tively inconsideraple,

Pi, ek cf tbe finance ittee
, direotly or + peouna! r-
ti Rane in of fog ihy! fife takeactl ona
of the committee.”

The report highly commends oe soe

e

pany’s general organization f
marta) work and the showing which it has
made in increasing its business, The total

expenses of eonduoting the busi-
aaae for the year 1905, after deducting the

amount paid for insurance taxes and in-
Temes experises, was £6.06 per cent. of
pre

income for 4 year. This
the commi eonoludos, evidence of
economical management, considering the
large volume of new insurance
committee recommends the
reorganization of the company's working
force. That force is ade
annual new business $300,000,
the new laws limit the total business for
any year to half that amount. des t,
agente it will be necessary to reorganize
departments. The committees is in
favor of continuing the company’s foreign
business as a general propositfon, but it
aaviens ans, owing fo the FARIA CD ie
peeed new laws, compan: re
rom the countries where the Business is
least favorable.
No mention is made of the Hamilton pay-
ments or campaign contributions, the com-
mittee regarding its former report aa hav-
ing covered those subjeets as thoroughly
as possible.

 

BLUNDERIN TRUESDALE REPORT,

 

President Peabedy Explains the Reference
to a 6200,000 Loan.

It looks as though somebody connected
with the Mutual Life Insurance Company's
relf-investigating committee has made a
blunder. President Charles A, Peabody
gave out this statement yesterday in ref-
erence to the $800,000 loan hinted at darkly
by the Truesdale committee in its recent
report:

“The statement made in the report of the
Truesdale committee relating to a $300,000
loan, namely that the ‘law department has
no knowledge of this loan and no evidenge
of title has been exhibited’ is based on an
entire error of fact. The bond and mort-
gage representing the loan are on file in
the bond and mortgage department. The
usual proceedings relating to the title have
been taken, the title has been guaranteed
by the Title Guarantee and Trust Company,
the mortgage has been guaranteed by the
Bond and Mortgage Company, and the loan
is as safe and sound as any loan on any
company’s books. The statement in, the
report is one of several errors growing out
of ourelessness or ignorance of the acoount-

The last sentence in Mr. Peabody's atate-
ment was taken yesterday to indicate that

he ie pretty thoroughly out of patience

with the nee ittee and its ex-
aceountants,

rere name of the person to whom the loan

was made was not insclosed, but t he prop-

orty behind it (s the Hote!’ Earlinaton in

Weat Prete ath street. The hotel was
u

alued by t ual'a appraiser at °
$00, Persons af eenie teas
and mortga,

ment sa tear
that there ae ook iPr rains Lie re
loan, and that it woul been

te
easy for the accountants to lave Pr al the
facta in regard to it if they had tried.

The objectionable use of
wine or other alcoholic
liquors in the home, as a
beverage or in cooking, is
dons sway with in

elch's

:

It is a delicious and health-
ful temperance drink and is
without an equal in prepar-
ing punches and frozen des-
serts,

Sold by druggista and grocers
bool at reel ag Welch” Grape
Juice Oo. Weeteid, N.Y,

 
 

 

| JERSEY CITY STREET CLEANING

Contractor Angry Because the Job Is
Going te Be Taken From Him.

Henry Byrne, the street cleaning con-
tractor in Jersey City, is mad at the street
and water board for deciding to. dispense
with his services at the expiration of his
contract on December 1 and to create a
city street cleaning department, with a
$3,000 commissioner and a force of 200 men,
The proposed department will cost the city
$260,000 and the minority Republicans in the
board and President Hauck, a Democrat
who deserted his colleagues, will split up the
patronage. .

Byrne appeared before the board in his

 

OST BEER, no matter by whom
brewed, is clean, pure and sterilized,

Cleantiness is accepted as a rule

SR ERE OD

shirt sleeves yesterday afternoon and raid.

he wanted to “speak a little piece.”

“It strikes me," he exclaimed in an in-
dignant tone of voice, that this board is
very anxious for patronage. I'll give an
opportainity to get all the graft and patron-
age you want. I now serve notice that [

ti cancel my street cleaning contract with
the city at the expiration of two weeks
notice from this board.”

at the word

Commissioner Knox
"graft? and told Bee rare considered
such an ex ion an insult,
4 oe oner Berry advised him to “cut
out.

Byrne said he wouldn’t and he didn’t
believe anybody could make him.

Then he left and the commissioners
breathed hard,

Mo roe gan contends that the street
cleaning contractor has not kept the atreets
of Jersey City clean, and he has hope that
the munictpal street cleanera will produce
more satisfactory resulte.

NATURALIZATION

Uncertainty About Date When New Law
Replacce Old.
Aliens desiring to become citizens were
told by Clerk Donovan of the United States
Cireuit Court when thsy applied for firat
papers that no papers would beiasued to
any applicant until an opinion from Wash-
ington could be had as to when the new
naturalization bill, which went to the Presi-
dent on Saturday for his signature, goes
into effect. If the law does not me
operative until sixty days after ita ap-
proval by the President, it is ex
hat the blanks uired under the pro-
visions of the old law will be used until
wont bar 1. bia Pexaminatio a
ve pass an ex: D
on the requirements of. the new law.
ere were some talk, however, in the
frurta which issue ization papers
that the new law was to go into opiretine
pomedieey following its approval by the
2.

Under the new law the blanks to be used
each and every court in the United States,

 

HALTS.

wv or State, which has the
pore to naturalise are to be printed for
he De of Commerce and Labor
at the oe in Wash-

vernment Printing 0
Tt will take at least a month to
nt a supply sufficient to meet the needs
the courts throughout the country, and
SaaS ta dar pea "ho tai
or en
now owhand are no longer valid.

ROCKEFELLER GIVES FOSSILS.

Collection of James Hail, New York State
Geologist, Gocs to Chicage University,
Cuicano, July 2.—It was annouced to-day

that John D. Rockefeller had given to the

University of Chicago one of the finest

private collections of minorals in America,

The collection is that of the late Prof. James

Hall, State Geologist of New York, and. was

valued ae at $150,000.

Prof. ‘a extensive library, which con-

 

 

taina many early works on paleontol
now very rere with the collection.
| The acqu m taken in oennection

with those already uired
versity, is thought to give it the most val-
ee nm: of paleozoic fossils in

-
7

 

 

|

‘

{

|

preservation in every reputable brewery.

’ Purity signifies nothing more than the
absence of foreign matter.
An experienced brewer would no more
boast of the purity and cleanliness of his beer
than a gentleman would brag of having
washed his face.
Many pure, clean beers, however, are not
good beers.
A_ really first-class_beer must not only
be free from self-evident defects, but it must
combine all the positive excellencies known to
the science of brewing.
For these reasons brewers who do not.
dare to test the substantial merits of beer

harp on purity.

THE SUN, TUESDAY, JULY 8, 1906. _ Bi ein tig

PLAIN FACTS |

- Superiority of Quality
| is the Test. —

The true test is QUALITY which cannot
be had without superior materials, perfect

Upon this issue of positive SUPER-
IORITY of QUALITY we challenge all

of self-

competitors.

equaled.

five months,

 

, Facts speak louder than words,
pina Publicity is the demand of the day,
The consumer is entitled to the truth.

 

AMONG THE AUTOMOBILISTS.

ENTRIES FOR THE GLIDDEN TOUR
CLOSE TO-DAY.

 

 

Fifty-twe Received Already and It Is Ex-
pected That Seventy or Eighty Cars
Will Start —Tourists Give Ald to Volun-
teer Fire Department at Tarrytown.

Entries for the third annual tour of the
American Automobile Association from Chi-
cago to Bretton Woods, embracing the second
annual Glidden trophy contest from Buffalo
to Bretton Woods, close at noon to-day with
Supt. A. B, Tucker and up to lest night filty-
two entries had been received. From recent
mail and telephone Inquiries it seems likely
that 70 or 80 cara will start from Buffalo on
July 12, several joining the tourists at Sara-
toga. Entries received yesterday were: No.
40, J. G, Cassatt, Philadelphia, 18 horse-power
White, American Automobile Association;
No. 41, I. C. Kirkham, New York oity, 16 horse-
power Maxwell, American Automobile Assool-
ation; No. 42, Sidney 8, Gorham, Chicago,
30 horse-power Winton, Chicago Automobile
Club; No, 43, Frank H. Peitsch, Chicago,
30 horse-power Peerless, Chicago Autgmobile
Club; No. 44, George Watson Beach, Hartford,
Conn., 24 horse-power Packard, Hartford
Automobile Club; No. 48, T, Franols Moore,
New York city,-80 horse-power English Dalm-
ler, New York Motor Club; No. 46, H. A. Grant,
Tarrytown, N. Y., 10 horse-power Maxwell,
American Automobile Association; No. 47,
John L, Snow, Boston, 30 horse-power Peer-
less, Bay» State Automobjle Association;
No, 48, James Laughlin, 84., Cleveland, Ohio,
30-35 horse-power Cleveland, Berkshire Auto-
mobile Club; No. 49, Charles L. Auger, Patez-
son, N. J., 20 horse-power Stevens-Duryea,
Automobile Club of America; No, 69, Maxwell
S. Hart, New Britain, Conn., 24 Sorse-power |
Corbin, New Britain Auotmoblle Ciub; No, 41,
Ernest Keeler, Lansing, Mich, 28-3) horge-
power Oldsmobile, American Automobile A3so-
ciation; No, 52, R. R. Owen, Lansing, Mich.,
28-80 Oldsmobile, Cleveland Automobile Club,
All of those entering yesterday will go from
Buffalo to Bretton Woods, except Messrs.
Beach and Auger, who will go frofM Saratoga
to Bretton Woods and will not contest for the
Glidden trophy; Sidney 8S, Gorham, secretary
of the A, A. A. and Messrs. Peitach and Grant
are others who will not be Glidden trophy
asplrante,

An automobilist went to the rescue of the
Tarrytown volunteer fire department on
Sunday. A. L. Linn, Jr., and William Lasher
were driving through Tarrytown in the
former's touring oar when the fire alarm
sounded, and the Irving Hose Company's
hose cart. began its run to the fire, pulled' by
ten members of the company. The gauto-
mobilists waited for the fire apparatus to
overtake them and offered to tow it tothe fire,
whicht was most agreeable to the firemen,
aa there were several hills to be climbed ‘The
ropes by which the hose cart was pulled were
accordingly fastened to the Olg@amobile and
the firemen stood on the running boards
of the car, as the automobilists’ wives and Mr.
Linn’s two children occupied thee tonneau,
Mr. Lasher, who was driving, then sent the car
ahead and the Irving Hose Company broke
all ite former records for a speedy run. As
they neared cene of the fire a complicae
tion arose in how to stop the car without a
collision with the hose cart, Lasher being |
afraid to stop suddenly for fear the brake-
less hose cart would ram a hole in the back
of the tonneau. A stop was finally made,
however, without the car being damaged.

Mr. Lasher told one of the Tarrytown
officials that the car had done $200 worth of
towing, which he hoped would be remem-
mone to hia prea a he vert ever arrested
there for exceeding the speed limit wh
engeged in aiding the fire de: riens, Me La {

ann an er are expecting t Dear the y'
nave been elected honorary members of the -
living pe Company at ite next Tegu lar |
veeting.

“Benator” W. J. Morgan of Ormond Beach |

 

Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass’n

St. Louis, U. S. A.

Largest Brewers in the World

Anheuser-Busch Agency, 24 West 8t, New York City.
A. Busch Bottling Co., 435 Atlantic Ave., Brooklyn,

Distributors.

 

and Cli ab to the Ciduds fame been ap:
pointer an automoblie commissioner of
£4 Jersey, and |egan his duties on Sunday,
when the new law governing automobiles
eat into fuli eflect. Accompanied by a
friend with a gemere wer which to snapshot
fpe first arrest msde by the “Senator, i
Hor Fan sallied forth. ke saw a man in a big
tou nF car who was clearly exceeding the
Joga! mit of sp and caljJed to him to atop,
while the man with the camera begen prepara-
tions to push the button. The automobilist
slackened speed momentarily, but as soon
as he realized what was in store for him he
ut on full speed and scooted aver. laughing
n Morgan's face as he im and jhe
would-be photographer.
rthur L. Rich of the New York Motor
Club leaves this afternoon in his 40 horse-
wer Lozier for a leisurely trip to Buffalo.
r. Rich has entered the third annual A. A. A.
tour and will try for the Glidden tourin
pophy, won last rear by Percy Pierce 0
alo. ai " contest starts at Buf-
slo on July 12, and Mr. Rich prefers running
hts car over the road to shipping It by freight
or express to the starting point.

The Worcester Automobile Club will con-
duct a long distance automobile tour for its
members some Vme this coming season,
many favoring this month. The matter has
been pretty generally discussed by the mem-
bers and the idea has met with marked favor.
The matter has nm placed In the hands
of the runs and tours committee, consisting of
Chairman M, P. Whittall and Messrs, Sargent
and Harrington, As yet no objective point
for a run Des been selected, although a trip
to the Berkshires has been suggested a num-
ber of times anda run through this part of the
State will probably be decided upon. There
are more touring cars than ever before owned
by members of the club in service this
season. A line on the number of entries for
the run, officials of the club say, was gained
when forty-six cara. were turned over for the
day tor the recent outing of the orphans of

16 city.

Worcestrr, July 2.—The only country club
in this country, if not in the world, whose
membership lists contain only the names of
Aitomonie owners, the Hermitage Country

lub, on the famots estate of that name just
outside Worcester, was opened here yester-
day, about 109 members, men prominent in
automobiling in New England, being present,
The Herinitaze and Vista were thrown open
and inspected. At the stag dinner in the
evening the following officers of the permanent
organization were elected: President, J, A.
Rumrill, Springfield: vice-presidents, Quingy
Adama Shaw, Jr., of Boston and Chester W.
Blisa of Springfield; secretary, George A.

eals of Buston; treasurer, Irving Swan
Brown of Worcester, The club is one or-
ganized for social purposes. The estate con-
tains 276 acrea of wooded park land and Its
late owner intended to convert it. into a sec-
ond Lenox before death intervened.

Fifteen cars have been entered for the
American team in the Vanderbilt Cup race,
whioh will be m up of the first five oars to
finish in the elimination trials on Septem-
ber 22. Entries closed on July 1, and there
were no additional entries received by mail
fosterday t the office of Chairman Jefferson

é Mont ompyon of the American Auto-
mobile Association's rain ard. The
ftallan team jig the only forelgn one to send
n formally signed entry blanks, but the
French entries have been personally at-
fended to by Chairman Thonipson during

iy visit to Fence. A full team of five Ger-
man cars oid at least two En tish cars had
been expected, but no word has been re-
celved here regarding thet, though Mr.
Thompson mty have arranged for the
British care while in Tendon a few weeks ago.
One notuble feature about the American
pare for this yeer's_race ia that all but two o
them are specially built, high howered racing
mac'i{nes, while‘about half of the cars en-
tered-for the 1905 American team were stoo
machines. The average horee-power of the
ten starters in the 1905 elimination trials was
68%, while the average horse-power ratin
of the twelve cars for this year’s oontes
whose horse: wer has been announced,
is nearly double, or 8 11-12. For this year's
race the lowest Wered cars are the two
shock machines, the Hayes, with 50, and the

atheson with 60, wiile the Pone-oledo,

0, and the three ‘Tlioinas cars, 118, ure the

ghest, though it is quite possible that th

Axwell will far surpass any of these in rated

rae-power,

A man in Los Angeles han invented what
he calls the “anti-rubber” tire, though the
usual inner tube of rubber is used. he
outer casing is made entirely of leather,
and in two years of experimenting the use
of canvas has been done away with and
no stitching is used in the tire, doing
awcy with two weak points. The tires are
mate for clincher rima, with a metal otincher
Instecd of the heavy rubber welt of the regu-
iu rigber clincher types. Steel hooks are

fastectd to the outer cas! bout inci
epart ell the way around en each ‘side of

-

Of materials we use only the most excel-
lent, regardless of cost. Corn, the one
important substitute, which, on account of its
cheapness, has been extensively adopted by
many brewers, never enters our brewery.

Our facilities for brewing beer are un-

Our_storing capacity of 600,000 barrels
doubles any other brewery in the United States,

and enables us to store our beer frbm four to

   

    

       
   

 

 

AUTOMOBILES.
PDAPAAAPAA AAA AAA AAA AAAI LAA

; Prompt

buyers.

Member Asso, Licensed Anto, Sirs.

 

 

YACHTS AND SAILBOATS.

CHARTER OR SALE

18 ft. Steam Yacht

Halcyon.

Fully found; now in commission ; berth-
ing accommodations for eight in
owner's quarters,

Gas Engine & Power Co.
and Chas. L. Seabury & Co.,

CONSOLIDATED,

Morris Heights - - New York City.

Some Special Bargains in CGasolene,
Naphtha, and also Vapor, Open and
CruisingLaunches,
eres
' HORSES AND CARRIAGES.

CLEARING LE HARNESS, DING SAD-
re PUaey arness, $7.40 and 613.00; Su

Harness, .00; Gentlemen's, Ladies’ and Chit.

Gren's Saddles; Coolers, $1.85; Sheets or Lap Dust-

ers, it American Holly Whips, S0c.; Pony Har:

earn Hernecs, Ye Light Bustheess i .

arncss, 00; in

$19.00: TER Double Truck Harness oe STATnep.
PETERS HARNESS & SADDLERY OO.

88 West Bri A

 

 

 

 

 

way, near Chambers at., u) i

.
“Save the Horse.” $5 a Bottle, “rus t,,
guarantee,contract, booklet and jetters on all lame-
ness. TROY CHEM OAL O@..Binghawmtoa, Net

 

 

 

 

 

 

the shoe. These hooks engage the cline’
tim. and make a metal to metal Woant that
prevents all possibility of creeping, and mak

a water tight connection between casing an
rim when the tire is inflated. This style o
olmoner, alee ges, the vergus tbleki 49e3
of te r securely together along the »
as the little steel boo H rout

e . @ leather us

anton, being tanned withou tak tna
claim being made that this leat is five
tinés as strong as ordinary leather. The
leather ia water prosf and can be ked in-
definitely without adverse effects. “he tires

of 3% inches and larger three thicknesses
leather are wed, tne two outer thicknesses

bi 5 ih

   

Locomobile

1906 MODELS

 

ment
PnVaaise

ae , a sta} “eh
PEEL
le ea

     
        
      
      
     
   
     
     
   
    

 
     
     
    

   
 
     
    
     
   

SS

AUTOMOBILES,

Letts

Delivery

Also several 1905 Locomobiles on sale, at reasonable prices,
for account of our 1906 customers, These cars, thoroughly
overhauled and guaranteed by us, will appeal to intelligen’

THE Socomebile CO. OF AMERICA

Broadway, corner of 76th Street
JOHN F. PLUMMER, Jr., New York Manager

 

 

Autos in Great Variety.
Before the 4th Bargains.

NEW YORK'S PLONREN AUTOMOBLLE ES:
TABLISHUENT

1906 BRAND NEW Autocar, four cylinder; Brand
new 1906 Locomobiles, 15.26 and &% horse, at cub

rices; Ton Thomas Flyers at ridiculously low
cure; Bight CadiMacs, to }, up to date
Ardsley, Pierce-Arrows, Panbards, Twelve Aule-

a . $6.0 (Touring Cars); White Steamer, $100
uick, $750 (top); Pope-Toledos, four cylinder
to $1,000; Marion, four cylinder, $450; Steamer
110; Waverley (like new), $225; 100 other unusual
Opportunities.
Demonstrations cheerfully given. Honest Sart
fand al ns,

Hartford Tires 50% off.

Also others, NEW or SECOND HAND, ¢8¢cially

n French sizes, $10 to $20 te
BROADWAY AUTOMOBILE E XCHANGE,
7-249 West 47th St, (acar Broadway).

—

~ Autos at '4 Prices

Our phenomenal success |p the Automobile Busl:
ness must be attributed te our unfailing policy of
handling up to date perfect Cars at Bargain Pricee
Have all the Swe aes oF prices ranging

‘o . na’ ost.

1005 FIR itn tite new; 1906 POPE HART-
FORD, 1005 COLUMBIA, 1005 QUEEN, 1005 KNO2
i Ramoler, 1805 White Steamer, 1005 Reo. 1

lac, 1906 Buick, 1906 Pope-Toledo. 1905 Frank:
Ru neat Darracas. Becauvilies, Autocers
rd, etc.
Two Seated Runabouts, from $156.

100 Fellable Scoond Automobiles on our four
flere awalt your eritical inspection, We are the

rgest handlers of up-to-date Automoblies

a 7 Pure’ WELCOME. to try any cat
E. J. WILLIS GO,, 231 W. 64 yc

i}
Batablishod fifteen years. A pelephone 6191 Columbus

“AUTOMOBILE BARGAINS

We are the largest dealers in new and second
hand automobiles in the world, carrying in swel
from 900 to 500 machines always on hand; do Bot
buy before you see our line’ it will pay vou

‘TIMES SQUARE AUTO CO.,

816 West 48th, Three doors West of Broadwar

TIRES TIRES TIRES

All makes, all sizes, about io on the dil if
pargeine you want, come carly, TIMES SQ: SR
AUTOMONILE COMPANY, 215 West astu Tele
Phone 3:23 liryant,

 

 

AUTOMOBILES WANTED
Highest Prices iid for G od Cars
E. J. WILLIS CO,, 241 West S4th Street
elophone, 5181: Columbus.

 

e turned outward and the inner one turned
inward, which Eves a smoother surface’ of
the malde than is found in a rubber tire, A
ae © tread containing rows of stce! »

fs rhreted on the outer thickness of leathers
which makes the use of any other anti-sk!
ding device unnecessary.