i
;

 

eee

RT © OF eS Oe ee ne on nnret a ae meres teh

© | DAMLY, Per Month... cece 60 60
© DAILY, Per Year...... cs cssecerecneeeeeenees 6 00
B® BUNDAY, Per Year... igseipercssccestenseree 2 OO
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Yoar....40..56-. 8 00

DAILY AND SUNDAY, Pet Month.,.,.17, 90

 

2 In a recent address before the West

e . gaid: “We understand the ways of agcu-

»,' Mr. Wayne MacVgaan in the same

7)
+f; . deo oe yt My deel

= ee ree

‘Whe Slings Sun.

TUESDAY, JWLY 3, 1006,

 

 

 

Entetod ot the Pest Ofice at New York as Second
: Class Mall Matter,

 

Subscriptions by Mail, Postpaid.

"Peatage to toreign countries added,

Published by. The Sun Printing and Publishing
Asboeiation at 170 Nasaau.strect, in the Borough of
Manhattan, New York.

Tf our friends who favor us with manuecripts for
Publication wish to have resected articles returned, they

Mpat tn all tases send stamps for that purpose.
, ;

The Question of Distribution.

Virginia Bankers’ Association Senator
Elaine set forth a fact of profound im-
portance when, referring to wealth, he

- mulation, but not of distribution.” The
name truth or truism is being presented
in differentformaby others, Mr. Roose-
veia dealt with it in his “muck rake”
speech, The writer who signed himself

_ “X." discussed it in the June number
' @f the Nerth American Review, as did

\ Magazine. In the Yuly issue of that
publication Mr. Hannis TAYLOR treats
of the matter under the title of “The
Impending Conflict.” The miagazines
‘and pamphlets of labor unionism and of

* @dacialism are full of it. :

For centuries men have dreamed of a
gocial state.in which there should be
neither rich nor poor and all shold have
_ @m abundance. From PiLato to MORE,
GAMPANELIA and Bacon, and from them
to Rousseau, Sr. Simon, Fourier,
Manx, Owen 4nd Betiamy, the prob-
‘Jem of distribution has beer solved on
‘ paper, and the solutions have stood all

testa except that of human nature,

’ There is ea prevalent belief that if

wealth were more equally distributed

_ the world would be a better place for
those who live in it. The usual starting
point of plane for effecting an equaliza-
tion, actual, approximate or relative, is
the fallacy that those who have an ex-
etes have taken their surplus by unfair
if not: by criminal methods, from what
is called “the common store,” to the
grievous injury of the majority. This
would be true in the case of fixity of the
gum eh world wealth or national
wealth. t that total is not fixed; and
the facts of the situation in the United

| States to-day, supported as they are by
figures, show no basis whatever for the
declaration of the demagogue that “the

_' + sich are growing richer and the poor are

 

growing poorer.” As Mr. CaRrnouL D.
WRIGHT says: “While it is true that the.
‘rich are growing richer, many. more
people are growing rich, and- the poor
are better off. The*poor must partici-
pate in the expanded distribution of
wealth.” 5
In all save an inconsiderable number
of individual instances accumulated
wealth in this countty is invested in wage
paying and wealth producing inetitu-
tions. Efforts to equalize distribution
carry with them a serious danger of
. interfering with production.

 

 

s

Why the Russians Lost in the Recent
War.

The news that Admiral ROJESTVENSEY,
on his trial by court-martial, has pleaded
guilty of surrendering a warship in the
battle of the Sea-of Japan, following as
it does the trial of Admiral NEBOGATOFF
for the surrender of a division of the
fleet and the cemviction and punishment
of General SrorssEu for the surrender of
Port Arthur, raises two questions: First,
whether these commanders ‘have been
justly condemned; and secondly, whether
the Russians proved themselveé formid-
able opponents in respéct either of gen-
eralship or of soldiership during the Far
Eastern war. }

y Lat ug look first at the cases of RoyEsT-
VENSKY and Nesooatorr. The latest
@tudent of the war from a naval point
ef view, Mr. F.T. JANE, though a fervent

*. gdmirer of the Japanese, admits that

while the Baltic fleet was hastily or-
ganized and poorly officered, it ‘kept
@tation well enotgh to excite remark
when it reached Singapore, and in several
other matters was found to be superior
to what had heen expected. The credit
for some approach ‘to efficiency is given
entirely, to Admiral ROJESTVENSKY,
whose abilities, owing to his ultimate
@ofeat in Tstishima Straits, have not,
in Mr. JANkE’s opinion, been properly
recognized. How did it happen that
ROJESTVENSKY chose the inside route
for Viadivostok through the Sea/of Japan
“And on the eve of Toco's attack made
the mistake of forming his vessels in two
battle lines? It appears that RogEsr-
' wkwSKY's scouts had sighted whht they
tbhok to be the main Japanese ficet off
Formosa, and there is no doubt that the
Baltic fleet when it entered the Straits
ef Tsushima believed thé bulk’ of the
Japanere Navy to be behind it and the
way to Viadivostok td be barred only
by a certain numbér of torpedo oraft
and cruisérs, through whieh in the fog
it had a feir chance of passing unob-
gerved. Mr. JANB hokle that RosEst-
VENsKr's formation in two battle lines
was a sound enough one, in view of at-
tacks from small craft only, while on the
éther hand it was so obviously and hope-
Jessly bad ageinst a battle fleet attack
that it seems of itself conclusive evidence
that RogeeTvewsky never expected to
meet. ToG6 wiien he did, ~
What the Russians is. probably
true, that the sudden discovery that they
were faced with a fleet action over-
whelmed them completely. Even so,
they were, able: the following
night to act sufficiently it unison to beat
off two torpedo attacks, afid the wonder
is that they held together so long, not
that they scattered sp soon. Onee scat-
tered, their destruction was easy and
inevitable. Yet {t Is to be noted that
even at the end only the four ships com:
posing the division commanded by Nupo-

 

lg

yl

oie dewaaeen: — - .

oatorr-and the destroyer Béedovy, on
which Rosestvensky's party hdd taken
refuge, were sufficiently demoralized: to
surrender, RojEstvansKy, though “he
pointed out that at the time he was daged
and out of his head, has acknowledged
to the court-martial that, he took,/no
measures to avert the surrender of the
Bedovy, and, Nesoaatorr on his ‘trial
pleaded that if he had continued fighting
he would only have causedsa sacrifice of
life. This wes doubtless true, but Mr.
JAN® concurs with many naval officers
in thinking the degradation inflicted on
Negocatorr by tho Russian Admitalty
justified by expediency; not only. be-
cause the Japanese in similgr circum-
stances woyld never have surrendered,
but also because Russians in the same
war and even in the’ same battle had
‘got a better example. The Oushakoff,
‘for inatance, refused to surrender, and
sank still firing, In an earlier fight near
‘the same spot the Rurik had chosen a
similar fate. ‘The deaths of those who
went down in the Rurik and the Ousha-
koff were by, no means fruitless, but on
the ntrary were almost as useful ‘to
the Russian Navy of the future as if they
had occurred in the heur of victary.
Mr. JAN# reminds us that if the prineiple
of justified surrender should be admitted
it would prove impracticable to draw the
line. He looks, therefore, upon the
merciless degradation, of NEBOGATOFF
and his Captains by the Russian Ad-
miralty as perhaps its.one strong action
during the war, With that action is
compared tha! course of the Chinese
authorities, who executed every man
left alive after the surrender of Wei-
hai-Wei in the Chino-Japanese war,
and the Carthaginian practice of crucify-
ing a defeated leader. It will be. re-
membered that the British Navy received
a similar warning against incapacity
when Admiral ByNG was put to death
fot his defeat off Minorca. It is certain
that the orders of the Russian Admiralty
wére vety clear. They were that.in the
event of defeat a Captain was to destroy
his ship, This had beer done by the
Captains of the, Variag and Korietz, and
it had been done, though not very thor-
oughly, by the nayal officers when Gen-
eral STORSSEL surrendered Port Arthur.
It was done by most of the Captains of
the il! starred Baltic fleet, and ought to
,have been done by NEBOGATOFF and
ROJESTVENSKY, though in the latter's
cage there may have been extenuating
circumstances, ‘

‘As for STORSSEL, who'figuréd as a hero
in and outside of Russia while as yet the
facta were imperfectly known, it was
established before the court-martial
when he came to be tried that, although
the garrison in Port Arthur was exposed
to a murderous plunging fire after the
Japanese had gained possession of the
surrounding heights, yet the fortress
wae still supplied with enoagh food and
munitions of war fo resiat for months.
Not only on this account was BToRSssEL
justly sentenced, but in view of the
grave consequences attributable to the.
5] oa A fores comprising almost
w huadred“thousaad’ veterans
was thus set free to take part in-the oper-
ations around Mukden,egainst the main
Russian army. Who will attempt to
measure what this accession of strength
may have meant to the Japanese when
the fact is recalled that, even.as it was,
the Russians, though ‘thrice beaten in
the field, were never routed?

Our conclusion is that in the military
operations of which Manchuria was the
theatre the Russians were not. signally
outgeneralled by the Japanese, other-
wise their losses must have been much
greater than were actually experienced,

As for the ‘supposed superiority of the
Japanese in naval strategy, Mr. JANE,
for his part, concedes that ROJESTVEN-
sky's formation in Tsushima Straits, in
view of the fact that he expected only
a torpedo attack, was not a.bad forma-
tion at all, and that it is hard'to conceive
that Toco, with ROJESTVENSKY’s general
orders and with the special problems to
be solved by the latter, would have done
anything materially_different up to the
hour of battle. Nevertheless, we éannot
conceive of ToGo as losing the ensuing
fight, because every individual officer
and individual seaman would have died

rather than forfeit victory. This brings |,

so much outgeneralled as they were out-
fought; and they were outfought be-
cause they were lukewarm, and not
wrought to desperation, as they had
been in the Crimea, and in resistance to
NAPOLEON'S invasion; whereas “every
Japanese soldier and sailor believed, as
was indeed the truth, that his country’s
fate was at stake and that his personal
conduct might decide the issue.

 

Secretary Taft's Visét te North Caro-
lina. :

Congress haa adjourned to sit in a
hammock and imbibe iced tea, accord-
ing to the cartoonists; and a strenuous
President is glad to seék the shelter of
his summer hofme and pull in'the latch-
string. But the energies of Sedretary
Tart, the heavyweight of the Adminis-
tration, are not regulated by latitade or
the season. He fills ‘his engagements
and nmakes more plans with an indiffer-
ence to the thermometer which is won-
derful in s© voluminous 4 man.

; Significant is a letter he has written
{0 SrpENcER B., ADAMS, & representative
leader in North Carolina. It is much in
little, and full of the meat of sugges-
tion. The Seoretary consents to ad-,
ress the Republican State convention
at Greensboro on July 9. But his time
is short. “I shall have,” he saya, “to
leave on the night train in order to reach
Put-in-Bay, Ohio, in time for an address
which I have to deliver before the Bar
Association there on the 1ith. I shall
probably not be able to reach Greens-
boro until the afternoon of the 9th.”
That is to say, Mr. Tart will haye just
‘time enough, ‘if he makes connections,
to burry on to the floor of the conven-
tion; speak his piéce as advertised, and
be off on @ special to Put-in-Bay. He
is to go down to Greensboro with an
escort of leading North Carolina Repub-
licans, | including Judge Jurzn 0,
PRITCHARD. BD bis ‘

On July 9 the Secretary will talk
politics to the Tarheel Republicans, whe

y
rp Heke be
S mk oi

us to the capital reason for the success
of the Japanese. The Russians were not

ac

  

 

 

SS area
_——S _

ae nr te be oe bee \! » Oe
have fond antloipations again of garry-
ing thef-Btate; within forty-gight hours

he will discourse about bis profession to
the Bar Association in Oblo. What,
then, are his intentions: to retire to the
Supreme Bench in the autumn, or to give
ear to the solicitation to remain in pub-,
lig life and accopt, ita honore iffthey come
hie way? We may have more light when
the Tarheel Republicans adopt their
resolutions. By at least one candidate
for the\ Presidency Secretary TaFt's
invasion of North Carolina will be re-
garded as a wanton trespass. (ha

 

Manvel Garcia. J

MANvEL Garcra, the teacher of sing-
ing, who died in London on Sunday, lived
through a remarkable period in the his-
tory of music. He sang in his fayher’s
Italian opera company in this country
in 1825, when Mozapt’s “Don Giovanni”
was first ‘performed here, At that time
BEETHOVEN and Sonupsar were étill
living, and Rossini was the idol of the
operatic stage. The stars of DoNIZETTI
and BeLiini had not risen, V@RDI and
WAGNER were each 12 years ald.

When Garcta was 2 the famous
singerp of the Italian stage were his own
sister, the great: MALIBRAN, the famous
buffo LaABLACHE, Ruaint, Grist, Pasta,
Novurrit, TAMBURINI and a few othere
whose names are'now part of the history
of lyric art.

Garcta was 46 years gid when Waa-
Ner’s “Lohengrin,” now the most pepu-
lar of all operas, was made known to
the world, and when ite rival, “Faust,”
was produced{; he was 54. Yet he
lived to witness the semi-centenaries
of both, to become familiar with Waa-
NER’S latest creations and even with the
new vafaries of RicHarp Sraaves.
When he was a young man Rossini
sulkeéd in his tent over the failure of
“William Tell,” and yet he lived to aee
the swan of Pesaro telegated to the
second rank, while Europe went mad
over the ionate dissonances of “Cay-\
alleria Rusticana.” ;

And yet again he lived to see
“genius” of MAscAGnt weighed in
scales and set aside a8 adulterated,
while, the new gospel of Puccini was
slowly but surely discpvered to be only
condensed VERDI. GAROIA'S greatest
achievement, perhaps, was hia own de-
velopment. He continued to keep pace
with history, and living to the extraor-
dinary age of 101, he literally as well
as figuratively joined hands with the
past, for he assimilated what was new.
in musio afd never lost his hold of the
sound old principles of Italian singing.

 

Credit to Whom Credit Is Due.

Sending the Hon. ALBERT JEREMIAR
BEVERIDGE the pen with which the meat
inspection amendment to the Agrioult-
ural Appropriation bill was signed, Mr.
ROOSEVELT m&kes necessary a read-
juatment of the facts of a recent chap-
ter of American history. “You were
the man,” Mr. ROOSEVELT writes, “who
first called my attention to the abi
inthe packing’ housed!” Mr. -Bever-'
1nGk himself would never have let, the
world know that it is indebted ta him for
thapurification of American meat,
Now Commissioner NEILL and the Hon.
JAMES BRONSON REYNOLDS are seen to
be but the agents and sociological tools
of that resiatlesa intelligence. Even the
supposed priority of the, bashful Jersey
youth who has read more than 5,000
novels pales and fades, The ferret eye
and the constructive mind of Mr. BEv-
ERIDGE were first in this great work.

“You were the legislator,” continues
Mr. RoosevELt, “who drafted the bill,
which in its substance now appears in
the amendment to the Agricultural bill
and which will enable us to put a com-
plete stop to the evils complained of.”
Some of the substance has dropped out,
thanks to the malignity of the House,
but who can doubt that any wrong-
doing which Mr. BEVERIDGE sets out to
stap will be stopped at once?

Heriveforth no American oan see a
sheep, a calf or a steer without thinking
of the fruitful intellect and the feeling
heart of the senior Senator from Indiana,
Nor is his fanfe confined to his country.

‘enowned already abroad by his travels
and his penetrating views ef world
politics, Mr. BEVERIDGR will be honored
and b for ages by whole classes
that have never heard of his literary or
merely political uchievements, TOMMY
ATKINS will remember him as the “pre-
server” of “tinned” meats, Wherever
there is an army or a picnic there will
be grateful fhoughts of Mr. BEVERIDGE.
His name will be strewn along the Nile;
it will camp on the Himalayas; it will
climb the roof of the world; Hottentots
will be happy in it, and the Pigmies will
rest in its giant shade.

Mr. BEVERIDGE is in his forty-fourth
year. In his short but splendid and
crowded life he has done two things
that cannot be forgotten while memory
holds her seat, He is the father of Fed-
eral meat inspection’ and the discov.
erer of the “ship railroad” acrosa the
Isthmus of Panama, eet

 

- \

This covery does not need and will not accept
lism from its governments, State or na-
Yona. °* © © Tt is. this spirit which vitalizes
every principle of the “ ende of life govern-
ment’ known as Jeffersonian Déemocracy.—S#.
Louts Republic.

Fine words, which don't affect the fact |

that there are no more industrious or flerver
paternalists in the country than the “Jeffer-
sonian” Detnocrate.

A(nomination for Representative in Con/
gress has been offered to another Indiana
novelist. There is good hope of seeing
soon the day, predicted long ago by Taz
$vw, when Congress will consist entirely
of novelists, at present the most admired
and fortunate class of producers.

gene re
£x-Senator W. A. Harnrs, Democratic
@ndidate for ernor in: Kansas, frowns
on the sugg that Mr, Baran be asked
to stump the State for bim. “We don’t
want outeiders,” hé say; “thie is a Kanses

 

 

affair.” As Mr. Bryan hea failed esveral
times in purely Nebraska which he
took in hand himself, Mr! Hapars's pref-

erence for his room to his company is per-
fectly intelligible.

- Sean ’

Two eminent men, Wu444m II. and Lord
Roperts, must be greatly interested in
Admiral May's despateh to King Evwarp:
"We have obtained Preyer eontrol of
the English Channel, ©, demanded
the eursondes of the Boglich csspesty.’

 
 
  
  
    
    
 
  
 
  
 
  
   
 
  
   
    
  
   
  
    
  
  
    
  
   
  
   
 
 
   
 
   
    
     
  
 
 
 
 
    
  
   
 
  
  
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
  

    

 

if the New Jersey constables can find
nothing to do but to round up the automo~
billets for eoorching, the expense of owning &
motor will be more than ’any one but e

Our eateetned oontempdraries in Roches-
ter keep cool by printing multitudinous
editorial artitles on “The Disposal of Snow,”
“After the Ioeman” and similar nival and

glacial matters. .

 

More poets yet! The Hon, Junius Kaun
of California has written a comic opera.
The Hon. Joun. Westey Garnes of Ten-
nessee has composed ‘a swan song of
the Demooracy.” The Hon. Joun, Sar
WittaMe of Mississippi is toi lecture at the
Summer School of Neophagen College on

"The Yazoo Schoo! of Posts.”

Will not the Hon. Burty Moran, the
y
the

pride of Maseaohusetta, subpoina the
moths? They are the only fellows

fitate as pervasive ahd persistent as he.

f ‘

_WOMEN IN BUSINESS.

The Domestio Instinct Qrten Overrules the

Commercial.
To rar Eprron or THE SuN—Sir:

R. J. of Hackensack is excited over a situa-
thon which she does not comprehend. Hav-
ing graduated from the “erring sister” class,

I speak from experience.

My mother, a young brother and myself
This would
have been larger had not my ¢randfather,
with commrendable interest In the population
of the country, left nine heirsto his modest
estate. I could also “oook, sew and play the
plano,” bu€ who was to pay the rent and buy
the raw materials for me to skilfully work up
My few music pupils
sufficed to pay only my own dentist bills.
It was forced upon me that I must work or
starve. I took part of our small principal

. We practined the
learned stenography: ~ We bt Scar ana

had an income of $900 a year.

into food and clothing?

eco
ie meet.

we ts on ied A$ riences I obtal

tion ed $15, a th

ve comfort

ned a posl-
er catver we lived in com-
am ashamed to

igh PY
: F ER nematanae TA

  
  
  
 
 
   
   
   
 
 
   
 
    
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
  
   
 
  

TRADE WITH GERMANY; |’

3 ‘ SL onmtansueigademntel
_ Wasurroton, July 2.—It is to be re-
gretted that Congress did not aot in the
matter of trade relations with Germany,
Last February Germany made the “United
States an exce in the case of her newly
adopted fiscal cy and suspended in
{te favor the operation of that polloy.* In
opening the debate in the Reichstag Chan-
cellor von Bulow said:
“The Imperial Government asked the Retchatag
to authorize the application of the tresty rates to
the United Spates, not as @ right under the most
favored nation interpretation, but im order that
the negotiations pending might be conducted.to
& satisfactory end, and because it was in the Inter-
ent of both countries to avoid a tarl® war.”
Meeting Germany in a apirit of similar
friendliness, the State Department entered
into a tentative agreement that the United
would extend such courtesy as was
ble through a readjustment of certain
customs regulations sald to operate un-
favorably to German exporters ‘to this
country, This act required, but failed to
receive, the indorsement of Congress.
Germany ‘gave the consideration in ad-
vance and had good reason to believe that
an equivalent would be ddlivered.

THE NEW LAWS.

tment in Stere for These Whe
® Revolution Through Them.

To ras Eniton or Tus Stn—Sir: In the
work of the first seasion of the Fifty-ninth
Congrosa one feature overahadowe all else.
That is the purpose to place in the hands
of the Federal authorit: the aupérvision
and control of the pfoduetion and distribu-
tion of commodities, The movement is not
@ novelty, The rate bill, the pure food
bill, the meat inspection hill are no more than
the logical outcome of @ situation whigh has
been in process of dévelopment for a quarter
of a century.

Many of the abuses and evils of which com-
plaint is made are elther imagirary or 6x-
aggerated, In many fases the protest made
against the conduct of so-called truste and
corporations is rooted in an individual greed
which is essentially the samme as that dis-
played by the proprietors of the offending
Institutions. There ia a tendency to forget
that while a few are perhaps getting too
much and are getting thelr riches by ques-
tionable methods, all are getting more than
they ever did before, There is alsoa tendency
to forget that the imposition of Iimita-
tions upon the acquisitions of the offend-

eifet eit tate Sat Uae stots Witt
hare

- But
that ny man who was recelving some of our rich men take from rulte
$20 weekly had Sposed ‘to me | could have o thelr enter priees, a larger 8 " than
onvi my@if that I loved him, Un- gig et fog hem e, it shou
ortunately ihe oung men uu they | not orgotten that those eame enterprises
needed the $20 for cigars, at fotfo, clubs, | aF@, tle source of income for thousands, an
ing, ko. These were necessities, I was that any crippling Of the enterprises woul:
not one, SS | was permitted to usurp some | Mean love ane privat o many, :
one’a place till { was 37, when J was, for } y Besiefictal repale may be oRbect to fol-
fuate’gnguah c@ lave aga marry aan rhe | Wry “Phe supentmene fee hone whe
recelyed a week. We have prospe inok pon Feders apt Naderel mace
Rave three cu inanection as signa of the dawn of a oom-

en.
feel t “ I ay derjonstrated that a ¢

who is o ow ‘or existence w
m thankfully seize the first opportunity
0 @ commercial for a domestic life.

uring my s@ven years
business women ost of whom

, ™m
They would willingly. acri| an
ra! men

marry.
economize, but the men are a!

0
npet Troposs, I hope that “Mrs, E.
i f wih, oO 8 litte “senaible” and sympa-

jo thinking herself.
if they wou

omen must

irs : Cma

Monrciiin; N. J., July 2.
peaiieetiaiong?

 

Restoring Confidence.
From: the Chicago Inter Ocean.

Heretofore the milkmen of Chicago have
bean in the habit of drinking beer at their
But*thie time they will drink
nothing but milk. If all the other trades
this season at their anhual plonics would
emulate the milkmen by consuming only
auch beverages or foodstuffs as they are
engaged either in preparing, manufacturing
qr distributing the effect on public confi-

annual picnics.

‘dence would be electric.

There is nothing so discouraging as to
find men averse to the things that they handle
regularly in their business, Whén the ayer-
age observer discovers 4 lot of milkmen in
the act of repudiating milk at a plonic sus-
picton is Immediately aroused and the chances
_nowadaye are that a more vigorous munioi-
pal, State and Federal Inspection of milk

will be demanded.

Let the beer drivers at their annual picnic
this year drink beer openly and without any
Let the soda
water men drink sodas and natural mineral

attempt to conceal the fact.

waters of their own make.

Let the good work thus auspiciously begun
Let the sau-
sage makers of Chicago eat nothing but

extend to other Lines of trade.

sausage at their next annual picnic.

 

°e A Charchgeoer's Complaint,
To Tam Enrror or Tae Sun—Sir;

matters.

endure it no longer.

or spiritual benefit.
churoh. I find everywhere new hymns,

experienced at the old me services.

Religion when I was young was a thing of the
heart; now it is a thing of the head—cold, formal,
1 don't want to be understood
as saying that ali services are open te such oritt-
‘cism, but the majority in New York city are. Min-
isters are far too much interested in drawing
crowds, either by good music or @ scnsational

without sentiment.

sermon, both well advertised.

Will some one endeavor to prove to me that the
change In the services of the Caurch ts due to the
Will some clesgyman or lay-
"man be good enough to state a few reasons why
this modem service of music and candies‘and in-
cense and ceremunies ts continued in preference
to a simple service of prayer and praise such as
A Teor Cunistisan.

crying need for ii?

we used to have?
New Yora, July 1.

—_—

An Agricalteral Experiment tn.d of Cubans.
It will interest
your readers to know that an American -Catholte
soclety ts organizing hete for elementary scholastic
poor orphans of
Cuba. Because of the poverty of the people and
the abundance of cheap, fertile land, the work Is
to be supported by agriculture. Unmarried Catho-
Itc teachers, farmers, mechanks and laborers are

To Tun Eprror oF THE SUN —Str:

@ng. industrial work among the

needed to act as teachers without salary.
New Yous, July 2.

 

The Latin of It,
To Tax Evtton oy Tan Scx—Sir; “If
don't Itke it bea can lump It,” says
Tilimen.

Latin: “St non iwdeat rumpatur.” Ww.
Naw Your, July 2.

An Infant Industry.
From the Wallula Gateway.

eny dug out of the ground

each, there ls mioney Im the biz. .

A Woman's Wey.
From the Baitimore Sun,

The world is full of heroines
Whose brav'ry none can doubt;
ic

 

is K. by sotns force Impellce,
Wake tie he down and weeps"?
The ie to the mill,
The te run
To pell mefl across the gill
’ pe “one.
A woman leaps ho their path;
TWVaile she cis Gown ond gcre ‘a

1 qyens, from Helen, fair, of Troy,
nie Joati of Are,

ever we ‘8 way of joy
mee T, bold,
~

fee I met many
ped

work
RITY.

That this ta
an age of progress mo one will attempt to deny,
but ts it so certain that all this progress |s good?
I refer particularly now to progress In religious
I have just returned from’ a service
whien I left before its conclusion, because J could
I came out with the feeling
that soon there would be no church Mm New York
that I could attend with any degree of pleasure
1 no longer feel at home in
new
chants, new tunes, pew gustoms—all things up to
date—innovations of every sort, and I came away
with a spiritual longing, & sense of lonelineas never

CHARLES B, Lamann.

body
nator
John Milton, In one of his Selmestus
letters, sald the same thing In equally colloqutal
H, W.

There have been quitea aumber of coyotes’ prog-
thy: im fact, come
of the natives have secured \as high as nine cubs
im one burrow and, as thelr scalps are worth $)

mercial millennium and of the establishment
of a new industrial system under which all
men will be good and through which each
will haye all he wants and no one will have
more than he should. Human nature can-
ne a materiany changed by legislative en-

ctments.

he framers of the Constitution feared to

vest too much power in the hands of the cen-
tral Government, and tbe country, has done
very well under thesystem devised hy them.
It will take eome time to thresh out the merits
of a system of enlar, Federal power. The
Pr nt temper of the country makes a trial
of more centralization little short of impera-
tive, but it will be well to keepin mind that
the step is essentially experimental, R,

New York, July 2.

 

Strong Demand for Labor.

From Bradatreet's.

Yaborérf Yor farm work are at a premium,
Kansas wants 25,000 men, and the probabili-
ties are that other States in the winter wheat
belt are in a somewhat similar position. In
the South the paucity of farm labor ip an al-
most chronic trouble, though by the time the
crop has matured conditions will have im-
proved, perhaps; but at the moment many
States in the cotton belt report a scarcity of
toijers.

Even in some of the leading manufacturing
lines a shortage of akilled workmen is ob;
served, and certain plants could be operated
at a higher rate of speed were the desired
hélp forthcoming. As is, neagonal shut-
downs, particularly in the iron and steel
trades, will be less than uéual. Moreover,
railway building is being conducted on such
a huge scale that vast armies of laborers
are needed, and the railway building oon-
tractors will probably put forth efforts to
keep their working crewa intact.

From ail of which it will be gathered that
the demand\for labor ia brisk—very brisk,
\| thanks to prosperity, which seems to have
attained so Much momentum that it will take
an extraordinarily hard knock to arrest its
progreas.

See eeptiaeaeareaa
A Pessimist om Temblors,

To THE Epiron or THR Sun—Str: Now that
Prof. Omori of Japan has issued his: comforting
dictum that there will be no more carthquak¢s in
San Francisco for fifty years the Argoneute and
their descendants may take heart. Al any oné
has to do to prove the professor's asaeriton is to
draw two cross lines, on one put the direction, time,
duration agd money damage of the shock, and en
the other the hypothenuse of a twlangle drawn
between a dead jackass, a silver mtne and Bryan's
chances in 1907, multiply by the cube root ef 41144
—and there you are.

1 happened to have the involuntary pleasure of
being In company with the earthquake of October,
19, which furnished several million dollars busi-
ness to glaziers and chimney architects, besides
reminding druggists an@ barkeepers that bottles
stand viclent motion best when wired to the shelves
on which they rest. No Prof. Omorl happened
along ‘hen, and tn consequence another temblor
sidied in at 8:06 A, M., October 21, 1868, killed eight
people outright, scared fifty more inte extremis
and biew ip a gale of prosperity for glass put im
artists and Beaux Arts men who could put up 8
chimney without wanting the earth, We had
another shakeup about April, 1870, but as no one

killed, and not more than a thousand chimneys
got what the police call a shakedown, it was not
held to be quite up to the mark.

If any one had been wise enpugh to draw crosa
lines and—but what's the use of talking? Prof.
Omort has shown San Francisco how to do the
‘trick, and if now she has another quake, unless
one should tumble in unawares, It wilf be clearly
her own fault. Jamus K. BRI@TOL.

New Yous, July 2.

Discomfort for Staten Islanders.

To THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir: It ls on record
that twice as many. people went to Staten Island
last Sunday as en the corresponding Sunday last
year, The authorities have met the rush In this
way: The big waiting room on the New York side
has been closed, and a small shanty erécted outside
for the accommodation of the incredsed thousands.
I was not in the Black Hole of. Calcutss, nor have
1 heen to Hecklebirnic, which I read is some two
miles beyond Hades, but I should fancy, taking a
aupposititious average, that the temperature of that
Staten Island shanty ts, as 4 rule, about equal te
the combined heat of the two plades mentioned.

If necesaity compelled the tnnowation, why time
the change so that it should take piece at the be-
ginning of the hojiday seasdn? No one can find
fait with the ferryboats. 4} times they are cer-
tainly erratic; but no doubt they will soon have
sown their wild oats, and net heed, as they do
sometimes; for South Africa tustead of M. George,
One can perhaps risk that tn vacétion time, but
why should we be put to the inconvenience of that
wretch pd shanty? “

it is, as Lord Duadreary woul say: “One af
those things that no feller can understand!";

Sratan, leitand, Juiz 3. St. Guonag.

Unappreciated Mualo,

To Tm Epitor or Tax Sux—3ir: Time, slways,
scene, farryhouses both sifiqs of both rivers. No
deat in slip, Eater a gum chewing, slab sided,
soda oracker chested Idiot, who deposits his last
cent jn the slot of a graphophone, icans on the
apparatus with an alr of proprietorship and as one
who has conferred happiness of humanity.

Then the atmosphere is maltreated by the erup-
tion of dismal vocal or instrumenta! abortions,
Then breasts are beaten and hair is torn by the
unprotected Lanocents witoat souls are screaming for
peace. $
- No argument in eatenvatian of she crime is ad-

misaibie, Now for the verdict, Shall it be slow
or kindly electrocution
Sxeeerry Drervaeep,

 

 

“and patriotic citizens;

one ee feiss) tome

LIQBLS ON ‘THE DEAD.

An ‘@ftence Ponishable Under the Penal’

eee ;
‘To tre Borron or Tne Bux~Siv; Every

man is presumed to be not guilty til he
le to be.otherwise, Stanford White
ia not Hving to apeak for himself. Modt

ot the New York papera have been publish-
ing during the last few days the moat ‘shock
Ing Ubela on bis memory, without edducing
any evidence whaiover to support any of
them. In eo doing the responsible editors
of those papers have plainly broken sections
242, 249, 244 and 245 of the Penal Code of New
York, and are punishable by imprisonment
in the penitentiary, under section 15 of the
name code, No tlefence could be made to
any prosecution for those Mbels on the al-
feed ground thet; though mot known to be
true when they were published, they were
wrue in fact; for that ie ro defence in law
where the motive causing the publication
waa the motive which caused the publications
of which I speak.

1 have no knowledge whatever of the
private life of Mr. White, but he was a human
being, and he was murdered without any
warning when he was sitting alone and
quietly in a proper public place, The man
who killed him had no juriadiction tp punta
him for any ertmée which he may gave com-
mitted, ff he had committed afy, which does
not yet ap; , There is no good motive
posajble to’ assizn for the conduct of ‘the

that in‘advance of ine trial are pub-
Ite! ener Mbelsa on the memory of
Mr. White relevant to those parte of his life
whith had no eenneotion with the murderer

‘or hia motives.

I ask you to print this letter as a warn-
ing to those editors who are responsible for
auch publications. Any eitixen has a right
to bring their misdemeanors to the atten-
tion of the Grand Jury, and it the duty of
the District Attornoy to so, I never saw
Mr. White to recognize Him, hut shall be
sorry {f his frionds do not defend hig themory
againet jibel, now that they have laid him in
his grave. Auaent H.Waiken.

New York, July 2.

A Barbarous Murer. :

To tHe, Eprror or THe 4ux—Sir: In con+
templating the murder of stanford White
one Is particularly impressed by the mons-
trous selfighnese displayed by*the murderer,
Hie own inplinations and tnterests were para-
mownt. Not for ah instant did he regard the
feelings of the innocent witnesses of his cow-
atdly crime. i

Many persons, especially delicately minded
women, were forced to witness a scene the
horror of which must have left an impression
never to be obliterated. -

Such contempt¥ous disregard of others is
on a par withthe savagery of the pct itself,
and affords a clear indication of the character
of the man whose life has been devoted
wholly to the indulgence of every impulse
and propensity of a nature seemingly lacking
any restraining elementa,

The power of self-restraint and the willing-
neas to Consider and reapect the interests and
feelings of our fellows constitute the founda-
tion of civilined society, Otherwise it is
barbarism. '

Carlyle epeake somewhere of the forces of
nature a8 operating with “infinite pity, hut
also infinite rigor of law." In lke manner
should the welfare of society be guarded.

New York, July 2. ANTI-BARBARISM.

ea ee ne en

Sparing the Ssered Codfish.
° From the Boston Herald.

Certainly the report of the President's
agente on the condition and management
of the Chicago slaughter houses disclosed
nothing more revolting to persons of fine
sensibilities than were some of the manipula-
tions of fish at T wharf in this city and at the
fish houses in Gloucester.

‘And yet we have not heard any voice raised
at Washington In denunciation of those
guilty of maintaining unsanitary methods
in handling and curing figh, nor has any call
been made for Federal {kapettion of this in-
dustry. Judging by the olaims set up for
the vigilance,,the virtue and the veracity
of meat inspectora holding 4 commission from
the Department of Agriculture, it would
not be possible under that paternal system
for fish curing establishments at Gloucester
to expose fish in the open air, ona rusty wire
frame, for a week or ten days, subject to
deposits of microbe laden dust from the
public highway. rs

The Geose That Lays the Pay Check.
From the Ratlroad Employee.
The railroad men of this country are good
they are repreaenta-
tive members of the communities in which
they reside; they stand for a elass of work-
ingmen who generally think before they act,
who weigb both sides of a question before
deciding. They are as anxious to cleanse
corporate life from graft and favoritism as
the most radical modern reformer, but they
will regent, and that most strenuously, any
course of policy outlined by those who have
the destinies of the nation:in hand that will
tend to "kill the goose that lays the pay check.”

Deorease ef Lynchings.
From the Chicago Tribune.

It js a hopeful sigh of the ultimate suppression
of lynching in the South, or at least of its virtual
suppression, that many of the Southern Excoutives
are manifesting extraordinary activity in the proge-
cution of lynchers. In Virginia, West Virginia,
North and South Carolina, lynching has been a!-
most entirely suppressed, owing to the strenuous
efforts of the Governors {nd law aythorities, the
absence of delays in the courts, the convening of
special Grand Juries, speedy trials following in-
dictments, and speedy penalties following con-
victions. In the five States, Georgia, Alabama,
Mississippi, Loulsiana and Tezas, which in the
past have been the worst offenders, largely oWing
to the eangested black population in those States,
which in some counties outnumbers the white popu-
lation, the number of lyachings steadily decreasea,
én4 the courts ate miore and more called upon to
administer justice im all cases of crime, whether
committed by blacks or whites. The activity of
the authorities in securing indictments of tyachers
has been notabic.

Soath Garolina in '60 and New.

ot From the Greenville News.

The people of South Carolina are far better off
to-day than tn 1860. Then there was practicajly
no diversification in industry, Agriculture oon-
sumed the energies of the people and formed almost
the only basis of the State's wealth, To-day miil-
fons of dojlars are inveated im manufacturing on-
terprises. The cotton milis afi off mills are flour-
ishing. The phosphate industry 1s prosperous,
and our farms are being cultivated just as success -
fully and more extensively tham In 1960. The
energies of the peon'e are well diverstfied and the
distribution of wealth ts more in accord with a
democratic State.

 

 

 

“Dry’’ Towns ia New York State.
The tocal option clauses of the New York ilquor

tex law apply to 033 towns, The law went into ;

effect on toh 23, 1806. At that time there were
283 “dry” towns In the State. The number gradually
declined until January 1, 1808, when |} was 262.
On January 1, 1900, It was 276; on May 1, 1802, 286;
on May 1, 1908, 284, and on May |, 1008, 283—-exactly
the same number as at the time of the adeption
of the present liquor law. ~

fn Suspense.
From the Stonewall Postal Carrent.

We are not prepared to confras that this issue
not quite up to the standatd. During this period
; seems rather aiMcuh t follow ang
pe lar policy, and it ts not easy to speak
he positiveness which we ile te chat we
think that we shall know wery shortly what we
are to expect.

 

 

Happs Exit,
From the London Tribune, .

, A shop In the Fast End o®London has lai¢ly been
turned into @ kind of wax work show. The show-
man was heard at the entrance the other evening
shouting:

“Step in. gents; step in! Take my word for tt,
you will be highly detighted when you come out!”

Immediate Saving.

Kaipker—! see Commissioner Bingham bas abol-
ished the three plateon aystem.

eee eee Taper eet, ree OF OUR Le
a .

 

Aceounted For.
Henpeck—TIt lan't every one whose ancestor

Mry.
wee a signer of the Declaration of
impel nnectnpos mo ete

 

esi ne <= sete

Bureau

  
 

 

ay

eben ec salen ed * Dee

ELIAU ROOT SAILS TO-MORROW.

Itinerary of His Trip to the Pan-American
Cengress and South America.

Wasn moron, July 3.—Secretary Root, who
ie going to Rio de danerio to be prepent at
the meeting of the Pan-American Congress,
will leave Washington for New York to-
morrow, where he will board the protected

f Charleston and aall on Wednos-
day. The Charleston, which is under com-
mand of Capt. Cameron MoR, Winslow, is

 

.due to arrive at San Juan Sunday, July 6,

ry Root will remain in Porto Rico

until the anos St and will thon

p will be mate between

flan Juan and Rio, which latter place will
be reached on Wednesday, July 25.

Secretary Root is echeduled to remain at

the Brazilian capite! until August @, when

he will leave there for Montevideo, where

he will arrive sheer 10. Leaving Mon-
tovideo ob Augues sh will go to. Buenos
n+

he will remain ‘until A 10,
f ; Chile,

gust 90. ng

Vaspareien on September 4 Ma saat stop
will be he will on Sep-
9. maining there ie ee hye.

be eail on September 15 for. ma,
in the Isthmus on ber

22. He will remain on the Isthmus three
days and leave there for New York on)Sep-
tember 25, readhing New. York on Ootober 1.

NAVAL DISPLAY AT JAMESTOWN,

The Navies of the World Will Be Invited
t@ Take Part in it.

Wasumoron, July 2.--The, naval board
of the Jamestown Te tennial Exposi-
tion, which consisteof Admiral Har-
rington, commandant of the Norfolk Navy
Yard; . Potter, assistant ohief of the
Navigation, and Capt Pillsbury,
chief of Rear Admiral Evans's staff, is en-
gaged in outlining @ plan for the participa-
tion of the navy in the big fair. One of
the principal features of the Jamestown
centennial is to be the naval pageant, in
which the navies of the world are to be asked
to take part. It'is the purpose of the naval
board to determine upon a programme
ani to advise the maritime nations, many

 

 

of which are making extensive pee
for send ir and ips to
Hampton during the ex; on.

Great Byltain is expected to send an

ee Cocvof her best, warships, and in view
of ‘act that the aameetown undertaki
is to : establishment o!

comme! t
the first Engl Jement in the new
ible ¢! she her

world, it is 5 foay 3
newest battleship, ¢ .
Gun, (0 American waters during the

he board will shortly submit an outline

o an ta the Barns oh hee
a n

out for: the cipation of the ‘American

navy in the pageant. ;

eee
TO INVESTIGATE EARTPHQUAKS
alee

And Deterntine Whether There Has Been
Any Displacement of the Earth's Crust.
Wasurvaron, July 2.—Seoretary Metcalf

of the Department of Commerce and: Labor

to-day ordered the Coast Survey to make
an investigation to ascertain whether there
has been any we akon of
the earth's crust on the c Coast asa
result of the earthquake of April 18 last.

He has ordered a test of the triangulation,

whose geographical coordinates may have

been seriously vitiated by the earthquake,

These geographical coordinates form the

basis of all accurate maps and charts and

it is necessary for the Survey to make this
test to the data. ®
letcalf has been much inter-

ion,
the earth's
face ocou as a result of
in Sumatra in 1802, In t
uake

of 1897, revision of the
lation showed resulting differences of
tance as great as 25 feet differences
of elevation amounting to'13 feet.

THE NEW NATURALIZATION LAW.

Department ef Commerce and LaborPre
paring to Enforce It.
Wasninoton, July 2.+Pzreparations are
being made at the Department of Com
merce and Labor to enforce the naturaliza-
tion law just enacted. The ia drastic;
and provides ‘eafeguards frauds
that have been perpetrated in the past
as a result of lax methods in conferring
citizenship. ; : ‘.
Jurisdiction to naturalize aliens is oon-
ferred upon United States Cirouit and Die-
trict courts and the Supreme Court of the
District of Columbia; aleo all courte of
record in any State or Territory having a
seal, a clerk and juriediotion in actions at law

and equity, or law and in whioh the
ih % or law and ott tt ‘. ae

 

provi that an alien as

precedin

tion within ite territo: on.”
Two years notice of intention t6 become

a citizen is required.

SUITABLE FUNERAL MUSIC.

Naval Board Decides That '' Always in the
Way” Is Not Inappropriate.

Wasuinaton, July 2.—“Always in the
Way” is suitable musio to be played at oa
funeral. A board of nava) officers has
so decided and their report on the subject
was eubmitted to the Navy Department
to-lay. /The piece was played at the burial
service over the remains of Private C. M.
J. Anderson of the Marine Corps at Olon-
avesdguitn wa. ines Hous
We. ie a fe)

officers of the which that the
pee is unfortunate in its name but that
here is nothing in It to make it inappro-
priate at a funeral service. 1ece
was suited to the oocasion, the board Kinds,
and it was also the best the band could play,
Sere eoreiat ee Menta 4 ae
news De

published bis

 

which first an article criticising
the hand for playing the piece at the funeral
of Private Anderson ie order for the

usic was given by Aotin Major
Walter Preston. * apr

HE SUED PORTO RICO.

N. Y. State Supreme Court Says It Has No
Jurisdiction.

Frank H. Richmond, formerly Associate
Justice of the Supreme Court in Porto Rico
and Assistant Attorney-General in the island
\before he was raised to the bench, failed
yesterday in his suit to recover $500 from
the pedple of Porto Rico for legal services
rendered wien he was appointed Assistan'
Attorney-General. Supreme Court Justice

cpepetre dismissed the suit on the ground
tha oe Supreme Court of this State has
no

 

 

ction over the people of Portw

‘s suit was based on the fact
he took ‘office there was a great
re and other documents
the Porto Rican Govern-
ment which it became necessary for him

examine and either a or destroy
been left fh disorder by

eee papers
the former evrnment of Porto Rioo and
he considered the work he did as totally
outside of his eluties to the United States
Government, which appointed him. He
presented a bill for $600, which was audited

CO the Bond bur wan uated

that wi
mass of
in the archives

a a

ae

eee

ei EN

ae

ae ah ON a De teen lo hn ra

cette a a

le tat ul) TE ee

ene sere se -~@86 wie of om uu

= kh! h 6h hl

— —s wa ae ae ee

=e 8 fF fae =

ine 6 Gepas'es- co co. aoe. a a Sen oe

Sg oo