See et

The ate Sou

TUESDAY, JULY’ 3, 1006.

 

 

Hatefed at tho Post Omce at New York as Second
Class Mat) Matter.

 

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpatd.
ST DAILY, Wer MOM, ......ccrscverdscseenrees 80 &O
MUATEY, POG VOOR scsi ssscesicccsevviscoeves
!  BUNDAY, Por Year... igessprieres
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Year.... ia
' DAILY AND SUNDAY, Pet, Month. bdo o tyy
"Postage to foreign countries added,”

Published by The Sun Printing ard Publishing
Association ot 170 Nassau.etreet. in the Borough of
Manhattan, New York.

Tf our friends whe favor us with manuecripts for

Publication wish to have rejected articles returned, they

 anpat in all tases send pe for that purpose,
4

The Question of Distribution,

In a recent addross before the West
Virginia <Bankers' Association Senator
Elaine set forth a fact of profound im-
portance when, referring to wealth, he
gaid: “We understand the ways of agcu-

_ mulation, but not of distribution.” The
aame truth or truism is being presented
in different forma by others. Mr. Roose-
yEur dealt with it in his “muck rake”
apeech. The writer who signed himself
"X.” discussed it in the June number

  

 

Mr. Wayne MacVaaan in the same
\ Magazine. In the Yuly issue of that
publication Mr. Hannis Taylor treats
of the matter under the title of “The
Impending Conflict.” ‘The ningazines
and pamphlets of labor unionism and of
* @ocialism are fuil of it.
For centuries men have dreamed of a
social state.in which there should be
+ neither rich nor poor and all should have
. @ abundance. From PuLato to More,
CamPaneiis and Bacon, and from them
to Rousseau, Sr. Simon, Fourier,
Manx, Owen and Betiamy, the prob-
‘Jem of distribution has been solved on
* paper, and the solutions have stood all
testa except that of human nature,
There is a prevalent belief that if
wealth were more equally. distributed
the world would be a better place for
* those who live in it. The usual starting
point of plans for effecting an equaliza-
tion, actual, approximate or relative, is
the fallacy that those who have an ex-
eeas have taken their surplus by unfair
tf not by criminal methods, from what
ig called “the common store,” to the
grievous injury of the majority. This
would be true in the case of fixity of the
gum tota} of world wealth or national
wealth, t that total is not fixed; and
the facts of the situation in the United
| States to-day, supported as they are by
figures, show no basis whatever for the
declaration of the demagogue that “the
fa are growing t richer and the, poor are
a ‘cee poorer.” As Mr. Carnou D.

rich are growing richer, many. more
people are ‘growing rioh,-and- the poor
ES are better off. The‘poor must’ partici-
K. pata in the expanded distribution of
wealth.”
In all save an inconsiderable number
5 of individual instances accumulated
i... wealth in this countty is invested in wage
if paying and wealth producing institu-
p> 6©=—-—s tons.“ Efforts to equalize distribution
carry with them a serious danger of
, interfering with production.
“Why the Russians Lost in the Recent
War.

-, The ews that Admiral RosEsrvensKy,
on his trial by court-martia!, has pleaded
: guilty of surrendering a warship in the
Ke battle of the Sea-of Japan, following as
eS it does the trial of Admiral NEBoaaTorF
i far the surrender of a division of the
Be fleet and the comviction and punishment
Ei of General. SrorssKu for the surrender of
~ Port Arthur, raises two questions: First,
whether these commanders have been
ay, justly condemned; and secondly, whether
Fc the Russians proved themselves formid-
able opponents in respect either of gen-
eralship or of soldiership during the Far
Eastern war.
v Lat 1 look first at the cases of RoyEsT-
WENSKY and NesooatTorr. The latest
~ gtudent of the war from a naval point
of View, Mr. F.-T. Janz, though a fervent
itrer ef the Japanese, admits that
Bi: while tho Baltic fleet was hastily or-
a ganized and poorly officered, it kept
on well enotigh to excite remark
‘when it reached Singapore, and in several
other matters was found to be superior
to what had heen expected. The credit
for some approach to efficiency is given
i @ntirely to Admiral ROJESTVENsKy,
. whose abilities, owing to his ultimate
3 defeat in Tsnshima Straits, have not,
in. Mr. JANE’s: opinion, been properly
recognized. How did it happen that
ROJESTVENSKT chose the inside route
Vladivostok through the Sea of Japen
BAN on the eve of Togo’s attack made
the mistake of forming his vessels in two
battle lines? It appears that RoaEsr- |
f, | ¥ewsky's scouts had sighted whht they
‘ thok to be the main Japanese fleet. off
~ * Formosa, and there is no doubt that the
»*. Baltic fleet when it entered the Atraits
P| @f Taushima believed thé bulk’ of the
= d&panere Navy to be behind it and the
way to Viadivostok td be barred only
by a certain numbér of torpedo oraft
and cruisers, through whieh in the fog
it had a ftir chance of passing unob-
; served. Mr. JANB holds that Rosest-
»  YeNskr’'s formation in two battle lines
was a sound enough one, in view of at-
tacks from small craft only, while on the
Other hand it was so obviously and hope-
lessly bed ageinst a battle fleet attack
that it seems of itself conclusive evidence
. that RopesTvensay never expected: to
meet, Toad when he did. ~
; .. What the Russians is probably
+» true, that the sudden discovery that they
were faced with a fleet action over-
syhelmed them completety,’ Even so,
they were able ‘the following
uN night to act sufficiently it unison to beat
: off two torpedo attacks, atid the wonder
>. is that they held together so long, not
Be they scattered ao soon. Ones soat-
, their dest ruction was easy and
Cevitable, Yet it is'to be noted that
:\ even at the end only the four ships sem:
posing Sanaa Sener eee

—

 

7

of the North American Review, as did’

RIGHT says: “Whil6 it is true that the.

" ms

‘get a better example.

Preactiieer arent .

 

Se eaten

astcedradl the destroyer Bedovy, on
‘which RosestvENnsky's party héd taken
refuge, were sufficiently demoralized: to
surrender, Roikervunsxy, though ‘he
pointed out that at the time he was daged
and out of hia head, has acknowleilged
to the court-martial that, he took,no
measures to avert the surrender of the
Bedovy, and, Nenoqatoreg on his! oe

| pleaded that if he had continued figh
he would only have caused‘a sacrifice of

life. This was doubtless true, bit Mr.
JANE concurs with many naval officers
in thinking the degradation inflicted on
Negogarorr by the Russian Admitalty
justified by expediency; not only, be-
cause the Japanese in similgr circum-
stances woyld never have surrendered,
but also because Russians in the same
wor and even in the same battle had
The Oushakoff,

‘for inatance, refused to surrender, and

sank still firing, In an earlier fight near
the same spot the Rurik had chosen a
similar fate. ‘The deaths of thosé who
went down in the Rurik and the Ousha-
koff were by, no means fruitless, but on
the gontrary were almost as useful to

the Russian Navy of the future as if they

had ocourred in the keur of victary.
Mr. Jan® reminds us that if the principle
of justified surrender should be admitted
it would prove impracticable to draw the
line. He looks, therefore, upon the
merciless degradation, of NEBOGATOFF
and his Captains by the Russian Ad-
miralty as perhaps its,one strong action
during the war. With that action is
compared tha course of the Chinese
authorities, who executed every man
left alive after the surrender of Wei-
hai-Wei in the Chino-Japanese war,
and the Carthaginian practice of crucify-
ing a defeated leader. It will be re-
membered that the British Navy received
a similar warning against incapacity
when Admiral BYNG was put to death
fof his defeat off Minorca. It is certain
that the orders of the Russian Admiralty
wére vety clear. They were that.in the
event of defeat a Captain was to destroy
his ship, This had beerl done by the
Captains of the, Variag and Korietz, and
it had been done, though not very thor-
oughly, by the nayal officers when Gen-
eral STORSSEL surrendered Port Arthur.
It was done by most of the Captains of
the ill starred Baltic fleet, and ought to

have been done by NEBOGATOFF and

ROJESTVENSKY, though in the latter's
cage there may have been Seer AS
circumatances,

‘As for SroxssEL, who figuréd as a hero
in and outside of Russia while as yet the

‘facts were imperfectly known, it was

)
:

established before the court-martial
when he came to be tried that, although
the garrison in Port Arthur was exposed
to a murderous plunging fire after the
Japanese had gained possession of the
surrounding heights, yet the fortress
was still supplied with enough food and
munitions of war fo resist for months.
Not only on this account was #ToRSssEL
justly sentenced, but in view of the
grave consequences attributable to the.

@ hutdved“thousndd Jepandes vetorana

was thus set free to take part inthe oper-
ations around Mukdenagainst the main
Russian army. Who * wil attempt to
measure what this accession of strength
may have meant to the Japanese when
the fact is recalled that, even as it was,
the Russians, though ‘thrice beaten in
the field, were never routed?

Our conolusion is that in the military
operations of which Manchuria was the
theatre the Russians were not signally
outgeneralled by the Japanese, other-
wise their losses must have been much
greater than were actually experienced,
As for the “supposed superiority of the
Japanese in naval strategy, Mr. JANE,
for his part, concedes that ROJESTVEN- |
sKxy's formation in Tsushima Straits, in
view of the fact that he expected only
a torpedo attack, was not a:bad forma-
tion at all, and that it is hard'to conceive
that Toco, with RoJESTVENSKY's general
orders and with the special problems to
be solved by the latter, would have done
anything materially. different up to the
hour of battle. Nevertheless, we éannot
conceive of ToGo as losing the ensuing
fight, because every individual officer
and individual seaman would have died
rather than forfeit victory. This brings |,
us to the capital reason for the success
of the Japanese. The Russians were not
so much outgeneralied as they were out-
fought; and they were outfought be-
cause they were lukewarm, and not
wrought to desperation, as they had
been in the Crimea, and in resistance to
NAPOLEON'S invasion; whereas “every
Japanese soldier and sailor believed, as
was indeed the truth, that his country’s
fate was at stake and that his personal
conduct might decide the issue.

 

Secretary Taft's Visit to North Caro-
Hina.

Congress haa adjourned to sit in a
bammock and imbibe i tea, accord-
ing to the cartoonists; and a strenuous
President is lad to seek the shelter of
his summer hofe and pull in'the latch-
string. But the energies ef Sedretary
Tart, the heavyweight’of the Adminis-
tration, are not regulated by latitude or
the season. He fills ‘his engagements
and makes more plans with an indiffer-
ence to the thermometer which is won-
derful in 96 voluminous a man.

Significant ia a letter he has writfen
to Spencer B., ADAMS, & representative
leader in North Carolina, It is much in
little, and full of the meat of sugges-
tion. The Seoretary consents to ad-,
gitess the Republican Sté@te convention
at Greensboro on July 9. But his time
is short. “I shall have,” he says, “to
leave on the night train in order to reach
Put-in-Bay, Ohio, in time for an address
which I have to deliver before the Bar
Association there on the 11th, I shall
probably not be able to reach Greens-
boro unti] the afternoon of the 9th.”
That is to say, Mr. Tart will haye just
time enough, ‘ifi he makes connections,

try on to the floor of the conven-
Fospori lis piece as advertised, and

@ special to Put-in-Bay, He
a to Greensboro with an

g@ North Carolina Repub-
licans, / inelud fing dudge _Jurzn 0.

ad rg a ah
On July d the Secretary will talk
polite the Terheel Republjoans, who
v

ee mee = ee ie me bee ui Aa. en
dale bah inehaiacaibnarinain ‘9h: airtis
ing their-State; within forty-gight hours | Lord

‘se rill discourse about his netneslon to
the Bar Association in Obio. What,
then, are his intentions: to retire to the
Supreme Bench in the autumn, or to give
ear to the solicitation to remain in pub-,
li¢|life and accopt ita honors iffthey come
his way? We may have more light when
the Tarheel Republicans adopt their
resolutions, By at least one candidate
for the, Presidency Secretary Tayt's
invasion of North Carolina will be re-

garded ag a wanton trespass. ‘ed

 

Manvel Garcia.

MAnvugL Garcia, the teacher of sing-
ing, who died in London on Sunday, lived
through a remarkable period in the his-
tory of music. He sang in his fapher’s
Italian opera company in this country
in 1825, when Mozant’s “Don Giovanni”
was first’perforpmed here; At that time
BEETHOVEN and Sonupmar were still
living, and Rossini was the idol of the
operatic stage. The stars of DONIZETTI
and BELLINI had not, risen. Verpi and
WAGNER were each 12 years ald.

When Garcta was 26 the famous
singers of the Italian stage were his own
sister, the great MALIBRAN, the famous
buffo LABLACHE, Rusti, Grist, Pasta,
Nourrit, TAMBURINI and a few others

whose names are‘now part of the history

of lyric art.

Garcta was 45 years old when Waa-
NER’s “Lohengrin,” now the most papu-
lar of all operas, was made known to
the world, and when ite rival, “Faust,”
was produced; he was 54. Yet he
lived to witness the semi-centenaries
of both, to become familiar with Waa-
NER’S latest creations and even with the
new vafaries of RroHanp SrRayes.
When he was a young man Rossini
sulkéd in his tent over the failure of
“William Tell,” and yet he lived to see
the swan of Pesaro felegated to the
second rank, while Europe went mad
over the passionate dissonances of “Cav-\
alleria Rusticana,”

And yet again he lived to see

“genius” of MascAGnt weighed in
scales and set aside Sd adulterated,
while the new>gospel of Pucorn: was
slowly but surely discovered to be only
condensed VERDI. GAROrA's greatest
achievement, perhaps, was hia own de-
velopment. He continued to keep pace
with history, and living to the extraor-
dinary age of 101, he literally aa well
as figuratively joined handea with the
past, forhe assimilated what was new.
in musio ahd never lost his hold of the
sound old principles of Italian singing.

 

Credit to Whom Credit io Due.

Sending the Hon. ALBERT JEREMIAH
BEYERIDGE the pen with which the meat
inspection amendment to the Agricult-
ural Appropriation bill was signed, Mr.
ROosEVELT maékes necessary a read-
justment of the facts of a recent chap-
ter of American history. “You were
the man,” Mr. RoosBVELT writes, “who
first called my attention to the abi
imethe packing housed:” Mr, -Beviers!
IDGE himself would never have let. the
world know that it is indebted to him for
thapurification of American meat,
Now Commissioner NEILL and the Hon.
JAMES BRONSON REYNOLDS are seen to
be but the agents and sociological tools
of that resistless intelligence. Even the
supposed priority of the, bashful Jersey
youth who has read more than 5,000
novels pales and fades, The ferret eye
and the constructive mind of Mr, BEv-
ERIDGE were first in this great work.

“You were the legislator,” continues
Mr. RooskveEst, “who drafted the bill,
which in its substance now appears in
the amendment to the Agricultural bill
and which will enable us to put a com-
plete stop to the evila complained of.”
Some of the substance has dropped out,
thanks to the malignity of the House,
but who can doubt that any wrong-
doing which Mr. BEVERINGR sets out to
stop will be stopped at once?

Henceforth no American oan see a
sheep, a calf or a steer without thinking
of the fruitful intellect and the feeling
heart of the senior Senator from Indiana.
Nor is his fanfe confined to his country.
Renowned already abroad by his travels
and his pense eniae views of world
' politios, Mr. BRVERIDGE will be honored
and b for ages by whole classes
that have never heard of his literary or
merely political uchievements, TomMMY
ATKINS will remember him as the “pre-
server” of “tinned” meats, Wherever
there is an army or a picnic there will
be grateful thoughts of Mr. BEVERIDGE.
His name will be strewn along the Nile;
it will camp on the Himalayas; it will
climb the roof of the world; Hottentote
will be happy in it, and the Pigmies will
rest in its giant shade.

Mr. BEVERIDGE is in his forty-fourth
year. In his short but splendid and
crowded life he haa done two things
that cannot be forgotten while memory
holds her seat, | He is the father of Fed-
eral meat inspection’ and the discov-
erer of the “ship railroad” across the
Isthmus of Panama.

—
country does not need and will not eooept
Sapetenn Lihat ts @ rerecenea te State or na-

tonal t is. rit Which vitatizes
every, principle of the ree ot end gover -
ment’ known as J ‘sonian ocracy.— SM.

Louts Republic.

Fine words,
that there are no more industrious or fiereer
paternalists in the country than the “Jeffer-
sonian” Democrata.

 

A(nomination for Representative in Con/
gress has been offered to another Indiana
novelist. There is good hope of seeing
soon the day, predicted long ago by Tug
$un, when Congress will consist entirely
of novelists, at present the most admired
ahd fortunate class of producers.

 

Ex-Senator W. A. Harnrs, Demooratio
@andidate for ernor in: Kansas, frowns
on the that Mr, Bayax be asked
to stump the State for bim. “We don't
want outsiders,” hé sayg; “thie is a Kansas
affair.” As Mr. ae hap failed Kons
times in purely
took in hand himaelf, a ut Hiae rete pref-
erence for hig room to his company is per-
feotly intelligible. }

4 Perey ears

Two eminent men, W444 TI. and Lord
Rosperts, must be greatly interested in
Admiral May's despateh to King Enwarp:
"We have obtained complete control of

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
   
 

nds rigid eco

 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 

  
   
  

  

which don't affect the fact |

 

Oe ‘% Oe ear CERI eg aie a
Aree Sore Peat SOR eR Ae am ene
3 4
i .TURSDAY, JULY. 3,
ay [Bott BL a ;

The caine of the Kalser’a interest is obvious;

Lord Rosxars must be “rooting’ for the
commander of the attacking fleet, becaune,
in urging the inoreas® and reorganization

of the land be hag contended that
pia diy earner Ta eee tae
to prevent the landing of-an enemy on
the coast. ‘

 

 

If the New Jersey constables can find

‘nothing to do hut to round up the autemo-~-

biliste for scorching, the expense of owning a
motor will be more than ‘any one but ea

copper king ean stand.
“

ein te eateoined contemporaries in Roches-
ter keep cool by printing multitudinous
editorial arti¢les on “The Disposal of Bnow,”
“After the Ioeman” and amiler nival and
glacial matters.

More. poets yet! The Hon, Junive Kann
of California has written a comic opera.
The Hon. Joun Wesuny Gana of Ten-
neaseo has composed “a swan song of
the Demosracy.” The Hon. Joun, SHakr
Wu.utamea of Mississippi is to\lecture at the
Summer School of Neophagen College on
*The Yazoo School of Poets.”

Will not the Hon. Burmy Moran, the
pride of Massachusetts, subpaina the gypsy
moths? They are the only fellows in the
fitate as pervasive and persistent as he.

Ceperersreemnerennrrteererey

e .

, WOMEN IN BUSINESS.

 

 

The Domestic Instinet @rten Overrules the

Commercial.
To Tar EPrron oF THe Sun—Sir: Mrs. E.
f&. J. of Hackensack is excited over a situa-
Sah which she does not comprehend. Hav-
ing etaduated from the “erring sister” class,
I epeak from experience.

My mother, a young brother and myself
had af income of $200 a year. This would
have been larger had not my grandfather,
with comarendable interest in the population
of the country, left nine heirsto his modest
estate. I could also “eook, sew and play the
piano,” buf who was to pay the rent and buy
the raw materials for me to skilfully work up
into food and clothing? My few muaio pupils
sufficed to pay only my own dentist bills.
It was forced upon me that I must work or
starve. I took part of our small principal

learned stenography, We praot ined th

y d worked earl y a
fate to make both .

led | ne btained a posi-
weit ua tRentes witiness Bo
‘0

men theu t they
Sreare, athletic clubs,
et, mfr necessities; I was
jo I was hermit to usurp some

Le , when 1 was, for-
arry a man who

ave prospered

ged have Shaw’ ns that ag in
oho is obliged 4 se en af ale eee “
seize the °
fo. desert a end for a ar domento! nd
™m en years foe
cue women, ms i whom hoped to

They would Pe eiihin gly idan omen and

soonotmnike, but the BA ayes
fie" and ira

n

Wp FOROS. oa hit * eee

thetic thinking Beresis omen must work
CHARITY.

ey wou
ects) NYS d. July 2,
‘potieleniaige:
Restering Cenfidence.
From the Chicago Inter Ocean.
Heretéfore the milkmen of Chicago have
been in the habit of drinking beer at their
annual picnics. Butthis time they will drink
nothing but milk. If all the other trades
this season at their anhual picnics would
emulate the milkmen by consuming only
such beverages or foodstuffs as they are
engaged either in preparing, manufacturing
qr distributing the effect on public confi-

ortul for
ay |

 

‘ence would be electric.

There is nothing so discouraging as to
find men averse to the things that they handle
regularly in their business. When the ayer-

observer discovers a lot of milkmen in
the act of repudiating milk at a plonic sus-
picion is immediately aroused and the chances

nowadays are that a more vigorous munici-

pal, State and Federal inspection of milk
will be demanded.

Let the beer drivers at their annual picnic
this year drink beer openly and without any
attempt to conceal the fact. Iet the soda
water men drink sodas and natural mineral
waters of their own make.

let the good work thus auspiciously begun
extend to otber lines of trade. Let the sau-
sage makers of Chicago eat nothing but
sausage at their next annual picnic. :

a A Charchgoer's Complaint. ’

To Tas Eniror or THe Sun—Sir; That this Is
an age of progfess no one will attempt to deny,
but 1s !t so certain that all this progress Is good?
I refer patticularly now to progress In religious
matters. I have just returned from’ a service
whien | left before its conclusion, because I could
endure 1s no longer. I came out with the feeting
that soon there would be no church fo New York
that I could attend with any degree of pleasure
or spiritual benefit. 1 no longer feel at home to
church. I find everywhere new hymns, new
chavts, new tunes, ‘pew gustoms—all things up to
date—innovations of every sort, and I came away
with a spirttuai longing, & sense of loneliness never
experienced at the old Yme services.

Religion when I was young was a thing of the
heart; now it is a thing of the head—cold, formal,
without sentiment. I don't want to be understood
as saying that al services are open te such oritt-
‘ctem, but the majority in New York city are. Min-
isters are far too much Interested in drawing
crowds, either by good musio or @ sensational
sermon, both wel! advertised.

Will some one endeavor te prove to me that the
change in the services of the Church Is due to the
crying need fer ti? Will some clergyman or ley-

 

 

‘man be good enough to state o few reasons why

this modern service of music and candies‘and in-

cense and ofremonies is continued in preference

fo a simple service of prayer and praise such as

we used to have? A Traum OnRIsTiaN.
New Yor«, July 1.

 

An Agricalteral Experiment in-Aid of Cubans.

To Tae Eorron oF THE SUN—Sr: 11 will interest
your readers to know that an American -Catholie
soclety ts organizing here for cleuveatary scholastic
ang. Industrial work among the poor orphans of
Cuba. Because of the poverty of the people and
the abundance of cheap, fertile land, the work Is
to be supported by agriculture. Unmarrled Catho-
lic teachera, farmers, mechanics and laborers are
needed to act as teachers without salary.

New Yous, July 2. CHABLES B. lLaMsEn.

 

 

Tas Letts ef it.

To rar Evtror or Tar Sun—Sir; “It
don't like 1% he can lump It,” says ator
Tillman, John Milton, in one of his Salmestus
letters, sald the same thing in equally neu
Latin: “Si non subeat rumpatur.” W.H

New York, July 2. *

An Infant Indastry.
From the Wallula Gateway.

There have been quites aunbey of coyotes’ prog-
eny dug out of the ground tly; im fact, some
of the natives have secured high as nine cubs
im one burrow and, o8 thelr scalps are worth §1
each, there Is money Im the biz. .

A Woman's Way.
From the Baltimore Sun.

world is im of heroines
™ v'ry Bohe can doubt;

agybody

 

fear is ueHed,
nena ence ain
ok “eine
eo the enti.
ess the eit!
o wnelr Path;

ae death's wrath,
hile she alte down end ec: reams! in

| ques. fem y from olen, fair, of Troy,

ns way of Joy
a

1 And oe eran ver

fig eile <4

TRADE WITH GERMANY. |

Wasutnaton, July 2.—It is to be re-
gee ie de welatiben' wah Gaoekape
ra fone with Germany,
Last February Germany made the “United
States an excep in the case of her newly
adopted fiscal cy and suspended in
ite favor the eparatices of that Sag Chan »
opening the debate in the Relohstag Chan
cellor von Bulow said;

“The Imperial Government asked the Reichstag
(0 authorize the application ef the treaty rates to
the United Mates, not as a right under the most
is erat pcoe mith be ‘banat

might oon
& @atlsfactory end, and boeken it was ia the Inter-
est of both countries to avoid a tarif war.”

Meeting Germany in a spirit of similar
friendliness, the State Department entered
into a tentative agreement that the United
pee would extend such courtesy as was
ble through a readjustment of certain
customs ee sald to operate un-
favorably to German exporters ‘to this
country. This act required, but fatled to
receive, the indorsement of
Germany’ gave the consideration in ad.
vance and had good reason to believe that
an equivalent would be ddlivered.

THE NEW LAWS.

tment in Store for These Whe

Expect a Revolution Through Them.

To Tae Epyrorn or Tus Stn—Sir: In the
work of the first seasion of the Fifty-ninth
Congress one feature overshadows all else.
That is the purpose to place in the hands
of the Federal authorities the aupérvision
and control of the pfodnetion and distribu-
tion of commodities. The movement is not
a novelty. The rate bill, the pure food
bill, the meat inspection hill are no more than
the logical outcome of a situation which has
been in process of dévelopment for a quarter
of a century.

Many of the abuses and evils of which com-
plaint is made are elther (magirary or ex-
agrerated. Im many Gases the protest made
against the conduct of so-called trusts and
corporations is rooted in an individual greed
whioh is essentially the same os that dis-
played by the proprietors of the offending
institutions. There ia a tendency to forget
that while a few are perhaps getting too
much and are getting their riches by quos-
tionable methode, all are getting more than
they ever did before. Thefe is also a tendency
to forget that the imposition of limita-
Sane upon the acquisitions of the offend-

ia few will not of neesesiby, Ag+; + in the in-

ual enrichment of ail th Aa,
some a of our rich ee take fr m the Frutte
6 ould

ght lor etfeen’ to tae i

not be formeiten t hat those same en Ben
are the source of income for thousands, an

that any crippling of the enterprises woul

mean loves and privation to many.

Benefirial resulta may be expected te fol-'
low the operation of the new iaws, but there
will also be disa Pp aemens fer those who
look upon Hederal 1 is and Federal meat
inspection as signs ib awn of & com-
mercial millenniute Se of the establishment
of a new nar al system under which all
men will be good and through which eao
will pare all he wants and no one will have
more than he should. Human nature can-
ag Be Diakorally changed by legisiative en-
actments

The framers of the Constitution feared to
vest too much power in the hands of the een-
tral Government, and the country pee done
very well under the: system devised by them.
It will take aome time to thresh out the merits
of a system of enjas ged & Federal power. The
Bpoages temper o country erat at a

more Sqeetantereen little short of
be well to keepin mind thn
Wey experimental,

 

 

tive, but it will
the step js ease
NEw YorK,

 

Strong Demand for Labor.

From Bradatreet's.

Taborérefor farm work are at a premium,
Karasas wants 25,000 men, and the probabill-
ties are that other States in the winter wheat
belt are in a somewhat similar position. In
the South the paucity of farm labor ig an al-
most ohronie trouble, though by the time the
crop has matured conditions will have im-
proved, perhaps; but at the moment many
States in the cotton belt report a scarcity of
toijers.

Even in some of the leading manufacturing
lines a shortage of skilled workmen is ob-
served, and certain plants could be operated
ata higher rate of icone were the desired
help forthcoming, is, seasonal shut-
downs, particularly in the iron and steel
trades, will be less than usual. Moreover,
railway building is being conducted on atigh
a huge scale that vast armies of laborers
are needed, and the railway building con-
tractors will probably put forth efforts to
keep their working crewa intact.

From all of which it will be gathered that
the demand\for labor is brisk—very brisk,
thanks to prosperity, which seems to have
attained so much momentum that it will take
an extraordinarily hard knock to arrest ite
progress.

 

A Pessimist on Temblors,

To THE EpiToR oF THR SuN—Sfr: Now that
Prof. Omori of Japan has issued his comforting
dictum that there will be no more certhquakes in
San Francisco for fifty years, the Argoneuts sad
their descendants may take beart. AH any one
has to do to preve the professor's assertion |a to
draw two cross lines, on one put the direction, time,
duration agd money damage of the shack, and en
the other the hypothenuse of a triangle drawn
betweén a dead jaciass, a silver mine and Bryan's
chances in 1907, multiply by the cube reot of 41144
—and there you are.

1 happened to have the involuntary pleasure of
being In: company with the earthquake of October,
188, which furnished severa) miliion dollars busi-
ness to glaziers and chimney architects, besides
reminding druggists ang barkeepers that bottlea
stand violent motion best when wired to the shelves
on which they rest. No Prof. Omort happened
along then, and in consequence another tembior
sidied in at 8:06 A. M., October 21, 1868, killed eight
people outright, scared fifty more Inte extremis
and blew in a gale of prosperity for glass put in
artiste and Beaux Arts men who could put up e@
chimney without wanting the earth. We had
another sha&®eup about Apri), 1470, but as no one
was killed, and not more than a thousand chimneys
got what the police call a shakedown, !t was not
held to be quite up to the mark,

Tf any one had been wise enough to draw cross
lines and—but what's the use of talking? Prof.
Omort has shown San Francisco how to do the
“trick, and if mow she hes another quake, unless
ane should tumble in unawares, it wilf be clearly
her own fault. Jawses K. BRI@TOL,

New Yors, July 2.

Discomfort for Staten Islanders.

To THR EvItor OF THE SUN—Sir: It is on record
that twice as many.people went to Staten Island
last Sunday as on the corresponding Sunday last
year. The authoritics have met the rush In this
way; The big walting room on the New York side
has been closed, and 4 smali shanty erécted outside
for the accommodation of the increased thousands.
1 was not in the Black Hole of. Calcutta, nor have
I been to Hecklebirnie, which I read is some two
miles beyond Hades, but I should fancy, taking a
aupposititious average, that the temperature of that
Staten Island shanty Is, as @ rule, about equal te
the combined heat of the two places mentioned.

If necessity compelled the Innovation, why time
the change so that it should take piece at the be-
ginning of the holiday season? No one can fina
favit with ‘the ferryboats. A} times they ‘are cer-
tainly erratic, but no doubt they will soon have
sown their wild oats, and net head, as they do
sometimes; for South Africa instead of &. George,
One can perhaps risk that fn vacation time, put
why should we be put to the inconvenience of that
wretch pd shanty?

It ts, as Lord Dundreary woul, say: “One af
those things that no feller can understand(";

SraTen, IsLawp, July 8. St. Guonox.

Unappreciated Music,

To Tama Epiron or Tam SUN—3ir: Time, always,
scene, ferryhouses both sifas of both rivers. No
boat in siip, Rater & gim chewing, alad sited,
soda oracker chested Idiot, who deposits his last
cent jo the slot of a graphophone, leans on the
apparatus with an air of proprietorship and as one
who has conférred happiness on humanity.

Them the atmosphere is maltreated by the erup-
tion of dismal vocal or instruments) abertions.
Then breasts are beaten and hair is torn by the
unprotected innocents Whose souls are screaming for
peace

 

 

No argument in extenustion of the crime te ad.
misaible, Now for the verdict. Shall it be slow
stvangulation or kindly electrocution?

New Your, July 2. Saauntry Dietvnsep,

Oe meres | ‘.
Mow They Lay Up Moaep.
Enicker— Rockefeller edmtres thrift,
Booker—Well, thom they cast gowns,
°

bara) ' \ .
‘ es (ste, RNS

  

no diversi

 

LIMELS ON THE DEAD.
Se aeeeenenRRROeEERRa
AR @ffence Ponishablo Under che Penal

To tae Boiron or The Aux—Ai?: Kvery
man is presumed to be ae oy tii he
ie corn to be otherwise. ford White

ving to speak for himself, Moat
ot the Now York papers have been publish-
ing. during the last few days the most ‘shock
ing libelg on his memory, without adduoclng
any evidence whaiover to eupport any of
rae In 60 ale the sunset ee

thoae papera have plainly bro eect!

242, 243, 244 and 245 of the Penal Code of New
York, and are punishatie by imprisonment
la the penitentiary, under section 15 of the
same codr, No defence could be made to
any prosecution for those libels on the al-
leged ground that, though not known to be
true when they were published, they were
prue in fact; for that ie defence in law
where the motive causing the publication
waa the motive which caused the publications
of which I speak.

i have no knowledge whatever of the
private life of Mr. White, but he was a human
being, and. he was murdered without any
warning when ho was sitting alone and
quietly in a proper public place. The man
who killed him had no jurisdiction to punish
him for any crime which he may gave com-
mitted, {he had committed afly, which does
net re appear, There le no good areas
posajble to asslan for the conduct of 't

that in advance of the trial are Nee
hing. « joue Libels on the memory of
Mr. White relevant to those parte of hia fe
whith had no cenncotion with the murderer
or his motives.

I atk you to print this 1 ap a warn-
ing to those editors who are responsible for
much publioations. Any citizen hes a& right
to bring their misdemeanors to the atten-
tion of the Grand Jury, and it the duty of
the District Attorney to * so. I never saw
Mr. White to recognize Him, hut shall be
sorry If his frionds do not defend his themory
againat libel, now that they have laid him in
his grave. ALBERT H.Wat ken.

New York, July 2.

A Barbarous Murder.

To TH, Ep1ror oF Tue SuN—Sir: In con+
templating the murder of stanford White
one is particularly impressed by the mons-
trous selfighness displayed by*the murderer.
His own inplinations and interests were para-
mount. Not for an instant did he regard the
feelinga of the innocent witnesses of his cow-
atdiy crime.

Many persons, especially delicately minded
women, were forced to witness a scene the
horror of which must have left an impression.
never to he obliterated. -

Such contemptvous disregard of others is
on a par with the savagery of the gct itself,
and affords a clesr indication of the character
of the man whose life has been devoted
wholly to the indulgence of every impulse
and propensity of a nature seemingly lacking
angrestraining elements,

The power of self-restraint and the willing-
nees to Consider and respect the interests and
feelings of our fellows constitute the founda-
tion of civilized society, Otherwise it is
berbarism. '

Carlyle speaks somewhere of the forces of
nature as operating with “infinite pity, but
also infinite rigor of law.” In like mannor
should the welfare of soolety be guarded.

New York, July 2. ANTI-BARBARISN.

 

Sparing the Sacred Codfish.
2 From the Boston Herald.

Certainly the report of the President's
agente on the condition and manegement
of the Chicago slaughter houses disclosed
nothing more revolting to persons of fine
senalbilities than were some of the manipula-
tions of fish at T wharf in this city and at the
fish houses in Gloucester.

'And yet we have not heard any voice raised
at Washington ‘In denunciation of those
guilty of maintaining unsanitary methods
in handling and curing fish,-nor has any call
been made for Federal ihapectionof this in-
dustry. Judging by the olaima set up for
the vigilanoe,. the virtue and the veracity
of meat inspectors holding a commission from
the Department of Agriculture, it would
not be possible under that paternal system
for fish curing establishments at Gloucester
to expose fish in the open air, on a rusty wire
frame, for a week or ten days, subject to
depoalts of microbe laden dust from the
publio highway.

 

The Goose That Lays the Pay Check.

From the Railroad Employee.
The railroad men of this country are good

“and patriotic citizens; they are representa-

tive members of the communities in which
they reside; they stand for a elass of work-
ingmen who generally think before they act,
who welgb both sides of a question before
deciding. They are as anxious to cleanse
corporate life from graft and favoritism as
the mést radical modern reformer, but they
will resent, and that most strenuously, any
course of policy outlined by those who have
the destinies of the nation\in hand that will
tend to “kill the goose that laya the pay check.”

Deocreate of Lynchings.
From the Chicago Tribune.

It ts a hopeful sigh of the ultimate suppression
of bynching in the South, or at least of its virtual
suppresaion, that many of the Southern Exccutives
are manifesting extraordinary activity in the prose-
cution of Iynchers. In Virginia, West Virginia,
North and South Carolina, lynching has been al-
most entirely suppressed, owing fo the strenuous
efforts of the Governore {nd law aythorities, tho
absence of delays in the courts, the convening of

 

special Grand Juries, speedy trials following in-
dictments, and speedy penalties following con-
victions. In the five States, Georgia, Alabama,
Mississipp!, Loutsiana and Texas, which tn the
past have been the worst offenders, largely dWing
to the cangested black population in those States,
which in some counties outnumbers the white popu-

lation, the number of lynchings steadily

a@nd@ the courts ate more and more called upon to
administer justice im al! cases of crime, whether
committed by blacks or whites. The activity of
the authorities in securing indictments of tynchers
has been notable.

South @arolina ip ‘60 and New.

ey From the Greenville News,

The people of South Carolina are far better off
to day than In 1860. Then there was practically
ation tn industry. Agriculture oon -
sumed the energies of the people and formed almost
the only basis of the State's wealth. To-day mitl-
fons of dollars are invested in manufacturing on-
terprises. The cot mills arf! off mills are flour-
ishing. The phosphate industry ts prosperous,
and otf farms are being cultivated just as success.
fully and more extensively tham In 1960. Tho
energies of the peon’e are well diversified and the
distribution of wealth Is more im accord with a
democratic State.

“Dry'’ Towns in New York State,

The local option clauses of the New York liquor
tax law a
effect on roh 23, 1886. At that time there were
283 “dry” towns In the State. The number gradually
dectined until January 1, 1806, when {+ wae 262.
On January 1, 1900, it was 276; on May 1, 1002, 286;
on May 1, 1908, 264, and on May 1, 1006, 283—exactly
the same number as at the time of the adoption
of the present liquor law.

in Suspense.

From the Stonewak Postal Current.
‘We are not prepared to confeas that this issue is
potquite up to the standatd. During this period of
it seems ratper diMicuh to follow any
ye divenen Wh we pret o dot. We

¢ positiveness which we prefer to ado;
think that we shall know very shortly + we
are to expect.

 

 

 

 

Happs Exit,
From the London Tribune,

, & shop in the Bast End o@London has lat¢ly been

turned into 6 kind of wax work show. Thé show-
man was heard at the entrance the other evening
shouting:

“step in, gents; siep in! Take my word for tt,
you will behighty delighted when you come out!”

Immediate Saving.

Kaitker—! see Commissioner Bingham bas abol-
isned the three platoon aystem.

Fee ere ere) ren. O° ON Cea Tae
a .

 

Accounted For.
Mr. bas pi leat every mm waeen aneeaiee
wes @ signer of the Declaration o'
a Solntenensiion baappons moss 6

 

ly to 933 towns. The law went into | ©.

ELIHU ROOT SAILS + To.moRROW.

ne,
‘| Itinerary ef His Trip to the Pan-American
Congress and South America.

Wasnrnaton, July 3.—Secretary Root, who

is going to Rie de to be ‘prepent at
the meeting of the Pan-American Congress,
will leave Washington for New York to-
morrow, where he will board the

n and sail:on Wednes-
leston, which is under oom-
Winslow, is

he will arrive on A Mon-

tevideo on 4 Au on rs will ite

Ayres on the following day. At the

tine tal he will ree until A

vee will eail Valparaiso, Crile
he will reach an TAU ne

Vi on September 4 t stop

be , which he will on

tember 9. ning there x days,

he will eall on September 15 for

and ve upon the Isthmus ob

22 will remain on the

5 e
days and leave there for New Fae taatice
tem! M5, reaching New York on October 1.

 

NAVAL DISPLAY AT JAMESTOWN,

fhe Navies of the World Will Be Invited
to Take Part in It.
WasuineTon, July 2.--The naval board
tennial Exposi-
Admiral Har-
rington, commandatit of the Norfolk Navy
Yard; . Potter, assistant chief of the
Bureau Navigation, and Capt Pillébury,
chief of Rear Admiyal Evans's staff, ia ene

tion of the navy in
the principal features of the Jamestowa
centennial is to be the naval pageant, in
which the navies of the world are to be asked
to take part. It'is the purpose of the naval
board to determine upon a programme
and to advise the maritime nations, many

of which are making extensive Se
for sending their _ and ps to
Hesptce d the rr

Hywel os ex

pected to
mee best warshipe, ane and in view
rei a the grate the eotablinhen oerset

world, it aoe
newest ae battlenhip, the
acu to American waters d
ex,
board was shortl cr an ou ne
OLN Pee eae oor ny of the
mn
cy for. the ‘the. particibation of the o Arneriont
navy in the he tan pagees
Oe ee Sly dias

TO INVESTIGATE FARTEQUAKE

And Determine Whether There fiat Bern
Apy Displacement of the Earth's Crust.

ASHINGTON, July 2.—Secretary Metoalf

of the Department of Commerce and. Labor,
to-day ordered the Coast Survey to make
an inveatigation to ascertain whether there
has been any Ne ha Parghs hae of
the earth's crust on the ic Coast as a
result of the earthquake of April 16 last.
He has ordered a test of the triangulation,
whoee geographical coordinates may have
been seriously vitiated by the earthquake,
These geographical coordinates form the
ROO oe oe accurate maps and charts and
t is necessary Aor EE Ptvay, eee Se

  

A to county (oe ta
Secretary Metoalf has been much inter-
in the ; evidence p'
the California uake
a horizontal displacement ef the
Coast's apa
the recent cineser 1 Sod the
present inv: oa am recem-
mendation of on ts eae
Similar dis) iaplacenant f the
‘ace occu’ as a result a t
in Sumatra in 1802,
earthquake of 1887,

lation ghowed rvcilting differences of
tance as great as aa
of elevation amounting to’18 feet.

THE NEW NATURALIZATION LAW.

Department ef Commerce and Labor‘Pre
paring te Enforoe It.
Wasninoton, July 2.-Preparations ere
being made at the Department of Come
merce and Labor to enforee the
tion law just enacted.” The
and provides ‘safeguards ag
that have been perpetrated in the

 

seal, a clerk and jurisdiction in actionsatlaw

  

and equity, or law and

amneys 6 m gontrorerey ln a at
pr vicat eas op ieee ae
por ‘ Provision ot "

nor shall an gt f of

wit ta territorial
Two ieee  weelas of intention td Cas
a citizen is required.

SUITABLE FUNERAL MUSIO.

Naval Heard Deokies That " Always tn the
Way” Is Not Mmappropriate.
Wasuinaton, July 2.—“Always in the
Way” is suitable musie to be played at a
funeral. A board of nave) officers has
&o decided and a report on the subject
was submitted to the Navy Department
to-lay. |The piece was played at the burial
service over the ‘remains of Private C. M.

 

J. Andere of the Marine © at Olon-

and . 1:3 Col .
yey Rivestgatton wv. ped ye res
officers of which that the

piece is unfortunate in its name but that
there ie nothing in It to make it ina
priate at a funeral! service. The
was suited to the occasion, the board
and it was also the best the band could play,

eCe

arrai
published an article ontiviang ng
rhea tor ying t the piece at the funeral
of Private e order for the
music was aiven by Acting Drum Major
Walter Preston. — -

HE SUED PORTO RICO. :

N. Y. State Supreme Court Says It Has Ne
Jurisdiction. :
Frank H. Richnjond, formerly Associate
Justice of the Supreme Court in Porto Rico
and Asa stant Attorney-General in the island
jbefore he was raised to the bench, failed
y in hie suit to recover $500 from
the pedple of Porto Rico for legal services
reaneres wien he was appointed Assistant
tterney-General. Supreme Court Justice
rich dismissed the suit on the tg has
the cae Paereaie Court of this Sta
urisdiction over the people of

‘a suit was based on the fact
wf he took ‘oar p taare wae 8 erent

¢
in th the fh oH ro the Perce Rican foren
became necessary

 

on

ment which t for him
to examine and ee oe oaaae be comecy.
re n disorder
the Toamee. fee eee of Porto Rigo and
considered the work he as totally
Gevernnaent Which sbpct ited Btaiee
vernment appointed
presented a but fa8 0 $600, which was mudited
Governmens

wor a he lend ao wee wee

wa Dy Pate