%

 

VOL. LXXIV.—NO, 57.

REGROUPING OF
GREAT POWERS

Great Britain, France and italy
Line Up for a Defen-
sive Alliance.

a a

LEADS TO LEAGUE OF PEACE

Aiready An Almost Dominating
Factor in the European
Situation.

It Is the Outcome of the Destruction of the
Balance of Power Due to the Victory |
of Japan Over Russia—Wili Go Into |
Fall Effect When the Tripie Alliance
Treaties Expire—Spain and Portugal
Give Their Cordial Support —Unitead
®tates Belleved to Be in Sympathy
With the Mevement—Negotlated on
Eve of the Algeciras Conference.

Spectal Cable Despatch to Tar Sun.

London, Oct. 26.—The close secrecy
which for a considerable time has sur-
rounded an event of first magnitude in
international politics will be broken by an
announcement which Tue fw corre-
spondent is permitted to make to-day. A
military convention, which in effect amounts
to a full defensive alliance, haa been made
between Great Britain, France and Italy.
This momentous instrument has not nomi-
nally come into effect as yet, but in reality
it is already an almost dominating factor
in the European situation. It becomes
operative whenever the Triple Alliance
between Cermany, Austria-Hungary and
Italy, or rather the three treaties usually
grouped under that designation, shail ex-
pire “either by expiration of time or by any
other cause.”

‘vhis regrouping of great Powers is a
natural outcome of the destruction of the
balance of power in Europe consequent
upon paralysis of Russia in the Japanese
war. It is an important step in the forma-
tion of a league of peace—the great object
which King Edward has labored to achieve
ever since he came to the throne of Great |
Britain, It has behind it the cordial sup- |
port of Spain and Portugal. There is good |
reason for believing that it commands also |
the sympathy of the United States Govern- |
ment, which has been well aware of its in-
ception and purposes.

The creation of this new international
compact has been accompanied and fol-
lowed by serious difficulties and even dan-
gers. First and obviously was the fact
that Germany would regard it not only
with natural resentment, brt as a direct
menace. It was negotiated on the eve of
the Algeciras conference and it can hardly
he denied that it was designed to some
extent to act in restraint of Germany at
thattime, Its purpose, however, is in every
respect non-aggressive and it was and is
impossible for the German Emperor to
criticise it except by abandoning his oft
professed love of peace.

An element of danger came into sight
last surqmer. A strong anti-Italian senti-
ment has been growing in Austria-Hungary
for some years. So long as Italy remained
virtually an ally this feeling could scarcely
find official or open expression, especially
with Germany exercising a continual in-
fluence in restraint of it. When the internal
crisis in Austria-Hungary became acute
last summer the Austrian Government
was at one moment strongly tempted to
heal domestic dissension by an attack
upon Italy~a move which would have
been popular in both countries of the dyal
monarchy. Additional excuse for such
an expedient would have been found in a
secret military convention which it was
learned had been made by Italy with Servia,
with whom Austriar relations were and
still are hostile.

Italy learned of this danger and was most
anxious to avert it. She was entirely un-
prepared in a military way for war on her
Austrian frontier. She knew that she
could not successfully defend Venice and
the neighboring provinces. It was in this
situation that the interview between King
Edward and the German Emperor was ar-
ranged. It is understood in inner diplo-
matic circles that one of the objects of that
conference was to enlist the Kaiser’s in-
fluence in restraint of Austria's possible
aggression. It is now believed that this
danger has disappeared.

The political situation in Europe as a
whole is more satisfactory to-day than it
has been for several years. the Sula
point to the fact that the death of the Sultan
must be expected within a few months and
that the demiae of Emperor Francis Joseph |
may create a crisis at any time. But the
safeguards of peace grow stronger day
by day. King Edward's League of Peace
should be able very soon to bear any strain
that may be put upon it.

Se  -O

eee

DIGS UP SOME NEW ABORIGINES.

Skeletpns of Men Hitherto Unknown to
ence Stirs Archmologists.

Omana, Oct. 26.—The discovery near this
city by Robert F. Gilder of Omaha, a brother
of Richard Wataon Gilder of New York, of |
skeletons of what are believedto beaborigines |
hitherto unknown, has created aactentific |
eensation, and has brought to Mr. Gilder |

 

many teleg rams of inquiry.

,_ Henry born, ‘essor of oslo at

Columbia University, informs Mr. Gilder |

a oe is coming to Oma ha to examine the
eletons.

The skulls discovered by Mr. Gilder differ |
greatly from any hitherto found, and de-
note a very low order of humanity.

After all, Usher's the Scotch ’
that made the highbell Mmous.—Ade, -

    

++NEW YORK, SATURDAY, 0

ELEVEN ESCAPE FROM JAIL.

Governor and Warders Overpowered and

Locked Up—Six Recaptured.

Special Cadle Despatch to Tue SuN.
Lonpon, Oct. 26.—When a warder in the
jail at Gloucester noticed that the light
was out in one of the cells between 8 and 9
o'clock last evening he incautiously opened
the door of the cell and a convict sprang
upon him and knocked him down, rendering
him unconscious. The convict then seized
the warder’s keys and released ten con-

 

The governor of the jail was aroused by
the tumult and hurried to the spot. But
the convicts seized him and threw him into
a cell with the unconscious warder and
locked them in.

The freed convicts then hurried to the
main entrance, overthrew a warder who
tried to stop them there and stripped him
of his keys and money.

Five succeeded in escaping, the othors
being seized. The five rushed to the bank
of the River Severn and demanded of a
boatman that he row them across. He
refused, and they then left the river and
fled into the country.

 

MOBBED NEGRO IS LOCKED UP,

Ventured to Be Well Dressed When He Met
a Variety Show Crowd.

Daniel Clarke, a negro elevator man
employed at 357 West 118th street, togged
out in flashy style and swinging a cane,
started through Sixty-fifth street from
Broadway last night just as the Amsterdam
Theatre, a cheap vaudeville house, turned
a crowd of boys and young men into the
street at the intermission. Clarke offended
the crowd in some way and a dozen of them
pitched onto him at once.

With the gang at hia heels Clarke started
toward Columbus avenue and down that
street at a hot pace. The pursuers were
yelling like Indians and continually attract-
ing others who had no idea what the row
was about. When Clarke found that they
were gaining on him he darted into Magee's
haberdashery store at 70. Mrs. Magee,
who was in the store alone, screamed when
she saw the excited negro and grew hys-
terical when he dodged behind the counters
and hid under a showcase.

Several of tne ringleaders had entered
the store to drag Clarke out when Policeman
Hickey of the West Sixty-eighth street sta-
tion house got on the job. He rapped for
assistance and finally got Clarke to the
station house. There John Gray, 16 years
old, of 113 Amsterdam avenue, went forward
as complainant. He had a cut in his head,
which he said came from the cane Clarke
was carrying. Thenegro said that he struck
no one but that the crowd first went after
him with paving stones. He was locked
up, charged with disorderly conduct.

STATE CAPITOL JOB TO COURT.

Pennsylvania Treasurer Wants Governor
and Others Sued Criminally.
HaRRIsBerGa, Pa., Oct. 26.—State Treas-
urer William H. Berry to-day prepared
a letter to Attornev-General Carson asking

 

 

 

 

that criminal! sui‘s be entered against the |

members of the s.iate Board of Public

Grounds and Buildings, who contracted for |

the $9,000,000 furnishing and equipment for
the new State Capitol. The contracts were
let by the board, composed of Gov. Penny-
packer, Auditor-General William P. Snyder
and
Mr. Berry's predecessor.

PRINCE HENRY OF REUSS COMING,

 

 

He Is Due In New Yor To-day—Making
Tour of the World.

PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 26.—Prince Henry of

Reuss, a German Prince in line of succes-

sion to the Dutch throne. is expected here |

to-morrow afternoon.
He will go directly to Radnor, where he
will be the guest of Mrs. Oscar Livingston

of New York and her mother, Mrs. W. B. |

Nichols, at the countrv seat of James
Francia Sullivan, who is now in Italy.

The Prince's stean er is due in New York |

to-morrow morning. .

The Prince is 34 years old and unmarried.
He is «aid to be handsome, of fascinating
manners and a keen *Portsman,

On Monday the Prince wilb go to New- |

port, where he will visit Mrs, Ogden Goelet.
Prince Henry i8 making a tour.of the
world.

UNLICENSED DENTIST.

' eavily Fined Once, Post Is Again Arrested
on Wom no's Charge.

Frank E. Post, 28 years of age, of 219
Fast Eighty-firest street, was arraigned
before Magistrate Whitman in the Essex
Market police court yesterday, charged
with wractising dentistry without a4 license.
The complainant was Miss Belle Conro,
an agent for the New York State Dental
Society. Miss Conro stated that Post
had an office at 420 Grand street and that
he had treated a number of East Side women,
one of whom made a corroborating affidavit.
Miss Conro did not visit Post's office in

reson, as she had eens once caused
his arrest and conviction. Fo
Post was fined $350, the heaviest fine ever
imposed in the State for such an offence.
Magistrate Whitman held him in $300 for
a further hearing.

Ti KET AGENT HELD UP.

Gagged and Bound and All the Money tn
His Possession Ta\en.

Burra.o, Oct, 26.—Two masked men,
armed with revolvers, held up Alexander
Goetzman, ticket agent for the Interna-
tional Railway Company, in his office in
Lasalle at 10 o'clock last night. Goetz-
man ia a cripple and was bound and gagged
by the robbers, who took all the money,
about $10, from the cash drawer and re-
mained with their prisoner until 1 o'clock
this morning. Goetzman was found in
a semi-conscious condition seven hours
later.

At 3 o'clock this morning James Dolan
of Rochester was held up in this city by

 

 

 

| men answering to the description given

by Goetzman. Dolan had just stepped
from a train at the Central station and
was walking along Exchange street. The
holdup was witnessed by two detectives,
who chased the highwaymen and fired
several shots at them, but the crooks got

away.
STABS COLLEGE

Professor Wiekis Knife in a Fight Over
Students’ Mess Hall.

New Orzeans, Oct. 26.—The Rev. ©. C.
Miller, president of Centenary College, a
Methodist institution at Jackson, La., was
stabbed and fatally wounded yesterday by
Prof. W. F. Moncrieff, professor of physics.

The difficulty arose avout the mess hall
of the students, over which Prof. Moncrieif
has charge.

 

PRESIDENT.

 

At a meeting of the faculty Dr. Miller and |
Prof. Moncrieff became involved, one using |
Moncrieff was |

a chair, the other a knife. ‘
injured about the head. He stabbed Miller
six times, once near the heart.

LADIES SHOPPING WILL ENJOY
luncheon and daiaty service (M » at
Mh ot., vet. av. & 4.—-

te Treasurer William L. Mathuas, |

r that offence |

| ROOSEVELT ACTS FOR JAPAN.

| MOVES TO PROTECT HER TREATY
RIGHTS IN CALIFORNIA,

 

 

| Sends Seoretary Metcalf to Investigate Ex-
clusion of Children From Schools and
to Impress Upon State Authorities
Seriousness of the Situation Created.

Wasuinotor, Oct. 26.—By Presidént
Roosevelt's direction Victor H. Metcalf,
Secretary of Commerce and Labor, will
leave Washington to-morrow for San Fran-
cisco to make a thorough inquiry into the
anti-Japanese feeling there and particularly
into the causes responsible for the ex-
chision of Japanese children from the
public schools.

This action indicates how thoroughly
aroused the Administration is over Japan's
resentment of the discrimination against
its subjects in California and how seriously
it views the situation which threatens the
continuance of cordMl good feeling between
the two nations.

Mr Metcalf is a Californian. His home
is at Oakland, just across the bay from
San Francisco. His selection as the Presi-
dent's envoy was due in part to the geo-
graphical proximity of his residence to the
seat of anti-Japanese agitation, but the
President wants mainly to emphasize that
his interest in the situation is great enough
to justify sending one of his own Cabinet
to the scene.

The President also bas sent through the
Department of Justice directions to the
United States District Attorney at San
Francisco to make a full inquiry into the
discrimination against Japanese school
children. The District Attorney's report
will be presented to Secretary Metcalf on
his arrival at San Francisco.

Mr. Metcalf had a long conference with
the President late this afternoon. His
instructions were, generally, to confer
with the Governor, the acting Mayor of
San Francisoo, the Japanese Consul, the
school authorities and all others who might
be able to throw ligbt on the anti-Japanese
situation and report to the President the
exact conditions and the basis of the senti-
ment which served to bring about the
discrimination against Japanese sub jects

While there is no official authority for
saying so, it is supposed that Mr. Metcalf
; Will endeavor to make the anti-Japanese
es among those in authority in San
|
|

ooo

Francisco realize the danger to the com-
mercial interests of the United States, not
only in Japan but in China and elsewhere
in the Far East, which lies in giving offence
to Japan and also the moral obligation

| which rests upon the Federal Government |

and its citizens to respect the treaty rights
| of the Japanese, who are assured of free-
| dom from discrimination while residing
| within the borders of the country.
j In the meantime the Washington Gov-
| ernment will notify the Government of
| Japan of the object of Secretary Metcalf's
| mission and give assurances of its desire
| to observe the obligations imposed upon
| it by the treaty of amity bet ween the two

countries.

Nobody in a position to know President
| Roosevelt's views on the situation will give
| any intimation of the policy he would be
| inclined to pursue should the San Fran-
| cisco authorities decline to remove their
| discrimination against the Japanese. It
| is doubtful if the President has defined
| any policy, even in his own mind.
| A straw that may be taken as an indica-
‘tion of which way the Administration
| wind blows is found, however, in the knowl-
| edge that the President and his advisers

in their consideration of the present em-
| harrassing «ituation have not been unmind-

|

Croas sent more than $100,000 for the
| relief of San Francisco's earthquake and
| fire sufferers. It is expected that Seore-
| tary Metcalf will lay emphasis on this proof
! of Japan's friendliness in his dealings with
| those who have favored discrimination
| against Japanese.

There is no escaping the conviction that
| should Secretary Metcalf fail to bring to
, the San Francisco authorities a realization
| of the serious reflection which their atti-
| tude has cast upon the good faith of the
| United States in its observance of treaty
obligations the President and his advisers
| will give consideration to the question of
| the powers of the Federal Government to
enforce these treaty guarantees.
| The Government is extremely anxious
| not only for commercial but for sentimental
; reasons to preserve ita long atanding
| friendship with Japan and the fear is ex-
| pressed here that Japan will insist upon
| a strict observance by the United States
of its treaty pledge to give Japanese sub-
jects the same privileges as are accorded
to the citizens of the republic.

Whether it will be deemed advisable for
the Government to insist that the State of
California recognize the treaty privileges of

authority here is willing to say and there
is a general disposition among officials to
refrain from comment of any sort on the
subject.

San Francisco, Oct. 26.—Judge Wolver-
ton of the United States Circuit Court has
issued an order to the Board of Eduaation
of San Francisco, citing that body to show
cause why an injunction should not issue
compelling the reinstatement of I. Yasu-
hara, a Japanese pupil excluded from
the Pacific Heights grammar achool. The
board is to answer on November 5.

presented to Judge Wolverton.

that the resolution of the board of Educa-
tion excluding Japanese pupils from the
city schools is in violation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States and also in viola-
tion pf a treaty now existing between the
United States and the Empire of Japan

co er ge

SUES M’COOL FOR DIVORCE,
Mre. Walker Changes Her Tactics Against
Butler O11 Man.

PrTTssuRG, Oct. 26.—-Suit will be entered
to-morrow againet Peter F. Mctool of
Butler for a limited divorcee by Mrs. Frank
Walker, who asserts that she is MoCool’s
wife and whom McCool repudiates

John Marron, Mrs. Walker's counsel, an-
nounced to-day that the new suit would be
instituted to-morrow and would take she
| place of the pending action for desertion
! and non-support.

ye

 

|

PORTO RICAN CIGARS— You can
in any of our stores three RICORO 3/

imede, UNITRD clude STORES Gb.—abe

made,

et to-day
RATOGA
Ricao

 

CTOBER oe 1906.-— Copyright, 1908, by The Sun Printing and Publiine aiiitien,

ful of the fact that Japan through the Red |

the Japanese in that State nobody in |

This |

order followed an application for injunction | Lae tate tencell Yer the arrest of Caton |

f , |
It is the intention to make this a teat case. of she Posed Brook

The ground for asking an injunction was |

MORGAN'S ELECTION EXPENSES.

It Cost Him Only $60 te Be Chosen Senator
for Another Term—Cost Pettus 8170.
WasHINOTON, Oct. 26.—Senator John T.

Morgan held up hi» right hand to-day and

solemnly swore that he expended only $60

on account of the recent primary conven-
tions in Alabama by which he was chosen
for the United States Senate for another
term of six years, The venerable Senator
made his affidavit in the office of the finan-
clai clerk of the Senate, to conform to the
new election law of his State, After the
oath had been administered the affidavit
was mailed by the Senator to the Secretary
of State of Alabama,

“That,” said he, “will go into the perma’

 

nent archives of the State of Alabama, and |

in order that you may know just what I
did with the money I will say that I paid it
to the secretary of the Democratic State
committee.”

“Does It cost only $60 to be elected to the
Senate from Alabama?” Mr, Morgan was
asked,

“Not always so cheap,” replied Senator
Morgan, “And that’s a good joke on Pet-
tus, my colleague, I happen to know that
his election cost him seventy dollars—ten
dollars more than I had to pay, The old
fox! I wish it had cost him a hundred,”

Senator Morgan is 82, Senator Pettus
is 85.

LOST HER PACKAGE OF HUSBAND,

Wife Who Had Him Sent by Express Can't
Vind Him Among Other Freight.

PrttseurG, Oct. 26.—If the Adams Ex.
press Company doesn’t find a “package”
that has gone astray there promises to be
trouble.

Two years ago Johann Schmidt and his
wife lived in Germany. They had enough
money to pay one passage, so Mrs. Schmidt
came to America, got work, saved money

| and sent for Johann.

He arrived in Baltimore on Wednesday,

Johann knows no English, so the agent
at Baltimore decided to send him here by
express. A tag was put on his coat and he
started.

He was not on the train on which he was
expected, so Mrs. Schmidt got alarmed

; and sought the express agent. The agent
sent a telegram to Baltimore and this after-
nobn got this reply:

“Forwarded him by express as per agree-
ment. Will send a tracer aftet him.”

This information relieved Mrs. Schmidt
greatly.

The generol agent here went personally
to all the branch offices and rummaged
among the freight, but the package he was

| looking for was not there.

It ia thought some mistake was made in
billing Schmidt.

 

 

 

NON-UNION SONG FOR HEARST.

!

|

|

'

|

}

| suemaeenemenenee

| Charged That His Campaign Music Makers

Haven't the Necessary Label,

| It was charged yesterday by the Actors’

| National Protective Union, which supplies

union singers to entertainments, that all

the singers at the Hearst labor demonstra-
tion on Thursday evening were non-union
except one man. President DeVaux of the
Actors’ Protective Union wil! probably

bring up the matter before the unions.

“All the women singers were non-union,”

he said, “and I assert that there has not been
a union singer in all the meetings of the

Independence League clubs, in the entire
campaign, and there were hundreds of cases

in which professional singers were em-

| ployed at these meetings. If Mr. Hearst

| is a friend of the unions surely evervt hing

| should be union at his campaign meetings.”

It was asserted yekterday that though

ae Rockmen and Excavators’ Union has

|} a membership of 25,000, not more than

| about two hundred of its members were in

| the parade on Thursday night. There was

| about the same proportion as to member-

| ship in a number of the otner unions which

| were supposed to be in line.

|

 

BOYS TRY TO REGISTER.

‘Say a Man Promised Them 8% Kach to
Vote fer Hearst.

 

Not yet 18 years old, Benny Mos-
| kowitz and Ely Yusen, two boys em-
ployed in a livery stable in Avenue D,

were arraigned in the Tombs police court
yesterday before Magistrate Steinert on
a charge of illegal registration. They
were arrested by deputy superintendents
of election.

The lads told the Magistrate that they
work in the stable and get $6 a week.
The wife of the boss kept $4 of that sum
for their board and allowed them to sleep
in the haymow. They were short of money
and they say a man told them he knew
aman who would give them $5 each if they
would register and vote for W. R. Haarst.

“You are both big enough to say you
are twenty-one and it will be all right,”
they say told them. They agreed, and
both registered in the Fifth Election dis-
trict of the Sixth Assembly district, of which
Deputy Sheriff Max Altman and City Cham-
berlain Patrick Keenan are respectively
saptain and leader.

he boys did not know exactly what to
do when they got into the place of registra-
tion, and when the enrolment blanks were
handed to them they supposed they were
expected to vote. They tried to figure
| out the pussle, and finally solved it to their
| own satisfaction by scrawling their choice
| across the face of the blank.

“i voat for misser hurst.” wrote Mo -
kowitz.

“I vote for W. R. Herst for goviner,”
was the way Yusen indorsed his.
| They were held for the Grand Jury in
' $1,000 each. Not even a politician ap-
peared to defend them.

| TEACHER PULLED HER HAIR,

| Girl's Father Makes This Charge Against |

Principal Catus Hoffman.
SOMERVILLE, N. J., Oct. 26.—A warrant

Hoffman, principal
ublic school, on complaint of John Trum-
li, manager of the Home Telephone
poneesy, Sane accuses the teacher of pull-
} ing the hair of his ten-year-old daughter.
| Trumball is greatly wrought up over the
alleged assault and asserts that he will
prosecute Hoffman to the bitter end.
He says that his daughter was marching.
with other children in the achool and ade -
| dentally got out of line, when she was
| roughly handled by Mr. Hoffman, who
| finished his punishment by pullin

Mr. Hoffman says he was just.fied in repri-
manding the child.

Justice Brampton issued the warrant
| for Mr. Hoffman's arrest, but it haa not
| been served, and it is supposed that the
| Recorder has no intention of causing hs
arrest, but will allow the matter to await

the action of the Somerset Grand Jury in |
{

mber,

_- --.——--— — —-- ——
latest Marine Intelligence.

Arrived: Ss Terek, London, Oct. 10; 9s Cubana,
Havana, Oct, 22; ss Lothian, Philadelphia, Oct. 25;
8s Huron, Charleston, Oct. 23.

| would not have the hardihood

her hair. |

LOUIS G. HAMPTON A SUICIDE.
one

KILLS HIMSELF AND A WOMAN
IN THE HOTEL GRIFFOU.

 

Was Assistant Secretary of the United
States Trust Company —Said by Friends
to Have Been Iirresponsibie—-Suicide
Had Nothing to De With the Company.

A man who, without doubt, was Louis G.
Hampton, assistant secretary of the United
States Trust Company, 45 Wall street,
killed a woman companion and killed

} himeelf at the Hotel Griffou, 19 West Ninth
street. While he had registered at the hotel
as Mr. and Mrs. Sinclair of Burlington, Vt.,
letters proving him to be Louis Hampton
were found when Coroner Shrady investi-
gated the case early this morning. Mr.
Hampton has been living during the sum-
mer at Highlands, N. Y.

Henry L. Thornell, who until this spring
was secretary of the trust company, said
early this morning at the Hotel Hawthorne,
70 West Forty-ninth street, that the dead
man was undoubtedly Mr. Hampton. He
said he was positive that Mr. Hampton's
act had absolutely nothing to do with the
bank. -

“Mr. Hampton suffered a stroke of netv-
ous prostration some years ago and had been
irresponsible at times since then,” said Mr.
Thornell. “I believe that was the cause
of his act.”

Investigation by Coroner Shrady of the
dead woman's effects led him to believe
that she was Victoria Taczau. A bank
bood on the Greenwich Savings Bank bore

Mr. Hampton hada wife and two children
at Highlands. The dead woman appeared
| to be about 25 yeurs old, although he was
| really upward of 50.

Manager Griffou said that Hampton had
| been at the hotel before with the same
| woman. In his pocketbook were receipts
from various hotels, among them the Chel-
sea, in West Twenty-third street.

A letter signed “Lucas” was found in the
dead man’s pocket. It said that an expert
was examining the books, of the United

States Trust Company and intended to keep
j at it for a month. :
| Arent receipt was found in the woman's
| porsexsion showing that she had lived on
| the second floor at 11 West Sixty-third
— Her bankbook indicated that she

had drawn $300 yesterday, There was a
balance of $256 in it. .

The woman was lying across the bed with
a bullet through her heart and the man
was stretched on the floor in front of the
dresser witha bullet hole in his mouth. A
revolver with two empty chambers was
in his right hand and his hat was crumpled
in his left. On the dresser was a full bottle
of laudanum.

Manager Griffou said that the man went to
the hotel Thursday afternoon and arranged
|for a room. They appeared yesterday

morning, the husband carrying a small

grip. They had their meals in their rgom,

and but for a few minutes that the woman

was walking outdoors in the afternoon,
| they stuck to their room all day

The chambermaid, Annie Holman, was
told to call them at 10:30 o'clock last night,
as they wanted to take a train for Burling-
ton. She couldn't secure a response when

| she rapped on the door, and’ the police of
the Mercer street station were summoned,
The bodies were then found.

eee

|3 TO 2 AND 3 T0 1 ON HUGHES.

 

 

 

Much of the Money to Bet Against Hearst
binds No Takers.

Election betting on the Broadway street
curb yesterday morning was at 5 to 2 on
Hughes, in the afternoon the odds shifted
back to 3 to 1 and at the close there was

| at least $10,000 0f Hughes money uncovered.
| At the morning odds between $15,000 and
$20,000 was wagered on Hughes.
| Most of the money was placed in small
| bets, a wager of $1,250 to §500 between
| Stelle & DeKay and Percy Guard being
| one of the largest reported. W. Marco,
| who had large cornmissions to place on

Hughee, was unable to find Hearst money |
| at 2 to 5. |

| He placed $20,000 on Hughes at 3 to 1
and at the close had $40,000 to place at the
same odds but could find no takers. The
$100,000 offered on Hearst at 1 to 3 the previ-
oug day appeared to have been withdrawn.

 

OF “HANG BOS) RUEF?!” |

 

| CRIES
| San Frane'sco Graft Fight Growing in Ine |
tensity —Police Attack Citizens

San Francisco, Oct. 2¢.~ District At-

torney Langdon and bis assistant, Francis |
J. Haney, to-day scored one in the battle
against local grafters. They got from

Judge Seawell of the Superior Court an |
order restraining Ruef from seizing the Dis- |
triet Attorney's office. }

‘Ihe complaint declares flatly that Ruef

and the acting Mayor and Supervisors
control the police department and threaten
to eject the plaintiff and seize his books
and recorda. .
It asserts that each and everv one of the
defendants has been guilty of felonies and |
| took the action solely to defeat the ends of |
| justice and escape punishment.

After this order it was supposed that Ruef |
to appear |
| at the drawing for members of the Grand ;
| Jury this afternoon, But he had his hench- |
men crowd the court room and when 200 |
business and professional men appeared
the volice under instructions threw out |
the citizens, among Whom was Rudolph |
Spreckels, who is prominent in the effort to |
| prosecute the grafters

Another of the men thrown out by the

police was Dr. Shadworth S. Beaseley. pro-

fessor of anatomy at Cooper Medical College.

It took six policemen to eject the doctor,
| for he is a fighter.

On the sidewalk he harangued the crowd
' and declared that Ruef should be killed.

When Ruef came out Dr. Beaseley made
| a rush for the boas, and. only the quickness
of the police sa ed Rue Beaselev fought
the police and cursed Ruef. . The boss |
turned pale and ws visibly disturbed over |

slev's threata and declarations that
Ruef should be hanged to the nearest
lamppost.

 

 

Another Government Contractor Guilty
of Violating Kight Ho ir Law.

Cincinnati, Oct, -26,—In the United

States Court here this evening a jury found

| the Sheridan-Kirk company guilty of vio.
| lating the eight hour law, which prohibits
employing men more than eighs

day on any work the Gov-

on
| a acca Sra Se arise wee eet | eae, She nw inpowne 8 foe a nob mons

   

ue ee

thatname. Her garters had tho initial “T.” |

| sitent

Fair to-day, followed by rain in the afternoon
or to-night; clearing and colder to-morrow.

ICE TRUST MEN LOSE APPEAL,

Clroult Court Affirms Workhouse Sentence
—Case Goes to Supreme Court.

To_mpo, Ohio, Oct. 26.—Judge Reynolds
R. Kinkade was sustained in every point
to-day in the ice trust cases by the Cirouit
Court. “

The court did not hand down a full
decision; only a synopsis, setting forth three
facts:

First—That the Valentine law is consti-
tutional.

Second—That there was nothing in the
action of Judge Kinkade that implied a
‘promise of anything less than the full
penalty should the defendants be con-
victed.

Third—That there was no shadow of mis-
conduct in the actions of Judge Kinkade.

The attorneys for the ice men sentenced
to the workhouse gave notice of appeal
to the Supreme Court, and Prosecutor
Wachenheimer allowed them freedom for
three days, when the judge who sentenced
them will pass upon their request.

 

 

FOUND HER DIAMONDS SAFE.

Mrs. Boyd Nushed Back From Jersey City
to Atlantic City.

AvLantTic City, N. J., Oct. 26.—When
Mrs. John Boyd of New York arrived at the
Hote) Brookhurst early in September she
brought along $5,000 worth of diamonds,

These she carefully concealed between the

mattresses of her bed. She left for hore

yesterday and in the hurry of packing

forgot the trinkets. It was only on leaving

the train in Jersey City that she thought |

about them. She immediately boarded
another train for this city.

In the meantime a maid had discovered

| the gems while making the bed and turned ,

| them over to the hotel management. When

| Mrs. Boyd recovered her jewels she broke |

down and cried. The maid was rewarded.

QUITS }ALE TO FIRE A FURNACE.

Socialist Senior Joins Upton Sinclair's
Ctopta, His Job Being to Keep It Warm.

New Haven, Oct. 26.—-H. S. Lewis, a

senior =o academic department of Yale
and an itor of the yale Lit, left college
yesterday for Upton Sinclair's colony.

He was considered a literary light among
the undergraduates. That he entertained
strong socialigtic ideas is proved by numer-
ous contributions to the Lit from his pen.

Lewis's home is at Sauk Centre, Minn.
He went to Europe last summer on a cattle
steamer to study social conditions in Lon-
don and at Oxford University.

His father is a wealthy physician, but
lewis has supported himself since being
in college.

 

 

Upton Sinclair, at Helicon Hall, last
| night said that J.ewis would join the colony
to-morrow.

“He's coming out to do the night furnace
Job,”"saidtheauthor. “We've gota wealthy
confectioner from Providence who is

coming soon to do the day trick.”

 

 

HAGGERTY PLEADS GUILTY

| To Megat NegistFation—To Be Sentenced
After Election.

!
|
|
| James Haggerty, the young man who
| registered fourteen times in the Fifteenth
|

 

Assembly district, pleaded guilty yesterday
to illegal registration. Haggerty will be
sentenced on November &.

District Attorney Jerome instructed War-
| den Flynn not to let any one see Haggerty
in the Tombs except representatives of the
Attorney -General's office.

Mr. Jerome said that he believed Hag-
gerty knew a good deal about a wholesale
scheme of illegal registration.

dttennmnggeinninenmlenaminesion
4CCUSED OF BANK WRECKING.
Arrest in the Case of the Etna Banking and
Trust Company of Washington.

WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.—On a charge of
| conspiracy in connection with the wrecking

of the 4tna Banking and Trust Company
of this city, E. W. MacCormack, a pro-
| moter, was arrested this afternoon. He

is alleged to have conspired with John
| Hogg, cashier of the bank, and others to
defraud creditors of the bank through
the issuance of false certificates of deposit.
Hogg cannot be located. The Etna was
placed in the hands of a receiver last week
by order of the Comptroller of the Currency.
It was a branch of a Butte, Mon., concern.

 

BELLAMY STORER HOME,

About His“ Diplomatic Eclipse
—Oher Notables on La Provence.

Aboard the French liner La Provence, |

in yesterday from Havre, were Bellamy
Storer, former Ambassador to Austria, and
Mrs. Storer. Mr. Storer refused to talk
about his retirement.

Other passengers by the Provence were

Mrs. Stanford White, widow of the murdered |

architect, and her son, L. G. White, who
will resume his studies at Harvard; Mrs.
Olive Fremstad, the singer, who will appear
at the Metropolitan; Charles W. Gould,
Baron Huart, Col. and Mrs.H.G, Lavergne,
Dr. A. W. Roaldes and J. G. Baldwin.

UTES AGAIN ON THE MOVE.

Said to Be Going to Induce the Cheyennes
to Join in a Raid,

Sueripan, Wyo., Oct. 26.—Word comes
that the Utes are now moving northwest,
toward the northern Cheyennes, whose
reservation lies fifty miles east of Fort
Custer, Mon,

It is said their purpose is to induce the
Cheyennes to join them in some kind of a
raid.

Last night 12,000 rounds of ammunition

 

 

| was shipped from Fort Mackenzie to Major

Grierson, in command of the Tenth Cavalry.
He left Gillette to-day to go by rajl to
Arvada, within fifty miles of the Utes.
Col. Rogers, in command of the Sixth
Cavalry, has not been heard from sinoe
leaving Fort Meade.
Sunday the two commands, comprising
about 500 men, besides officers, will reach

| the Indians,

 

TOM JOHNSON TIES UP TRAFFIC,

Cli veland’s Mayor Has Police Stop All Cars
on important Line,

CLEVELAND, Oct. 26..-Mayor Johnson

to-day ordered the police to stop the Cleve- |
from |
| operating cara on Frie street, where it had

| been decided by the Federal court that the |

land Electric Kailway Company

franchise expired a year ago.

The police forced the cars to stop, thus
holding up all east end traffic running to the
downtown loops.

WHY MILK IS HIGH!
See monologue on page 4.—Ades.

| ‘Burnett’s Extract of Vanilla —
Ie the Standard everywhere, Sold by best grocers.

‘ie

er ‘

 

It is expected that on |

 

PRICE TWO CENTS._
HEARST MEN OFF THE TICKET,

APPELLATE COURT RANDS DOWN
A SWEEPING DECISION.

 

 

 

Petitions by Which It Was Sought to Nettle ~

mate for Three Offices at Once Heid to
Be Bad—The Few Who Will Go Under

the Scales Almost All Tammany Men, ,

4
By a sweeping decision handed down
yésterday afternoon the Appellate Division
! of the Supreme Court knocked out almost

per cent. of the local ticket of the In-
dependence League. ‘The ruling of the
Appellate Division will come before a special
session of the Court of Appeals on Monday
or Tuesday , and if it is upheld the emblem
of the scales will head a ticket which, save
for the State and judiciary candidates;
will be practically blank.

The Hearst lawyers and candidates were
first furious and then disheartened at the
blow administered to their ticket, but laters

}as they recovered wind, they asserted
| that the court's decision would have a
boomerang effect, and that thousands of
| men who were not going to vote for Hearst
‘and his candidates would do so now, to
indicate their protest against the difficultied
which confront an independent State party.

The Republican lawyers and candidates,
who were anxiously awaiting the results,
| were overjoyed at the ruling of the courts
| while the Tammany mep looked on in come
parative indifference.

The flaw found by the Justices of the
Appellate Division in the Independence
League nominations lies in the petitions
' which the law prescribes must be filed
| to entitle an independent candidate to
| have his name on the ballot. This petition
| must be signed by a prescribed number
| of voters residing in the district in which
| the candidate is running for office. A

petition for a candidete for Assembly must

have at least 500 such signatures, while
| that for a Congressional candidate needa

1,000.
| The leaguers evolved the scheme of
| heading the petitions with the names of
{ the candidates for Assembly, Senate end

Congress and then gathering in each Aa-

sembly district the signatures needed. In

this way the petitions showed that the
signers approved of the independent nomi-
nation under the league emblem of the
three candidates, and as there are several

Assembly districts in each Congressional

district and more than one in a Senatorial
| district the collected petitions had more
than the necessary number for Senator and
Representative.

Many Tammany candidates for these
local offices who were indorsed by the
Independence League gathered their peti-
tions in this way, all of them, in fact, except
five. When these petitions were filed with
the Board of Elections objections to them

 

through Lewyer ©. S7GHvereor te Rept:
lican Jaw committee. Mr. Gilbert argued
that the law required a separate petition
for every individual candidate and that
the composite or multiple petitions, as
| those filed for independent nominations
were called, were illegal.

Mr. (Gilbert's objections were thrown
| out by the Board of Elections, and the
Supreme Court affirmed the board's action

 

without going into the merits of the casea

presented, so that an appeal might be taken

at once. The appeal was argued in the

Appellate Division on Thursday, before

Presiding Justice O'Brien, and Justices

Clarke, Ingraham, Laughlin and Scott, and
| they sat nearly all night and all yesterday
| going over the records in each case and
| arriving at decisions.

Summed up, the Court's opinion is that
| not only are all multiple petitions void for
; the candidates whose districts are not
| limited by that of the Assembly nominee,
| but that the petition cannot be made use of
| at all. Hence, every such petition is thrown
| out altogether, and as it is now too late to

file new petitions or fill vacancies, practi-
| cally every Independent League candidate
| for the Senate, for Assembly and for Con-

gress is left without a nominating petition,
and, therefore, his name cannot appear on
the ballot.

There were more than seventy such nomie
nations affected by the decision.

A few escaped the decision, but in the cone
fusion into which the Independence League
lawyers were thrown by the suddenness of
| the blow it was almost impossible to find out
the names of all the survivor@ It is known,
however, that on the Independence League
ticket will appear the names of Charles E,
Shober, whose Congressional district in
Queens runs over to Manhattan, and who
got up aseparate petition at the last moment;
William A. De Ford, Senatorial candidate
for the Twenty-first district and secretary
of the Independence League State com
mittee, against whose petitions no objeo-
tions were filed; Francis Burton Harrison;
who got up a separate petition for the Inde-
pendence League indorsement of his cane
didaey, he being a regular Tammany nomi-
nee for Congress in the Sixteenth dis
trict, and James J. Frawley, the Tammany
leader, who seems to have had wind of the
possible flaws in his petition, and who beat
the objectors right under the wire.

The following names will also remain on
| the Independence League ticket because
no objections were made to their petitions:
John T. McCall, candidate for Senate in the
Sixteenth district? R. F. Wagner, for Assem-
bly in the Twenty-second; W. H, Burns, for
Assembly in the Fourth; Philip T. Schmidt,
for Assembly in the Thirty-third,and J. J.
Hoey, for Assembly in the Thirteenth.

The decision ef the Court was rendered
in the case of Francis E. Shober, the Tam-
many-Hearst candidate in the Seven-

teenth Congressional district. William 8,
Bennet is the Republican candidate for the
same office, and through Lawyer Gilbert
he objected to the Shober petition for the
Independence League nomination. The
ruling in the Shober case governs all the
other cases where similar objections were
| made to the petitions—namely, that more

than one candidate's name could not appear
| on any one petition,
| In §% decision, which is per curiam, the
Court reviews the circumstances under
which the Shober petition was filed.* There
were five petitions in all, each of more than
five hundred, but less than a thousand
signatures. Four of the petitions con-
tained, besides that of Shober, the names
of the Senatorial and Assembly candidates
in the various districts which comprise the
Seventeenth Congressional. In fact, the
petitions were really Assembly petitions,

AC ATE ll ESSE

 

 

were filed by the Republican, candidates...»

     

‘
.

 

 

]