16

GOODRICH WINS
WITH ADVERTISING

For 19 Years E. C. Tibbitts
Has Advertised Big Rubber
Company With Success.

 

 

 

“SILE!

 

SALESMANSHIP’

Tt's an ill wind, indeed, that hasnt a
silver lining, as Josh Billings would say,
tn this case the silver lining played a
double header. Some two score years
ago a young and promising Masterner

started for the Northwest, but tarried Club of America recognized the influ- jiels Eight” and painted it blue, it was) weg this blue was unlike any other blue |
at Akron, Ohio. ence which fuel economy would have | not supposed that he was giving to the; and simply had to be called ‘Daniels |
So enamored did he become with the

potential seat of manufactured rubber

————$——

A

 

 

New Maxwell Salesroom and Manager

 

 

 

Glenn <A.

Some Great Records and
of Their Value.

 

“Agitation for the regulation of the
price of gasolene and a volume of claims
as to low gasolene consumption by @if-
ferent makes of automobiles ought to
be favorable toward the revival of gaso-
lene contests, which were popular up
until about five years ago,” says Glenn
A. Tisdale, who handles the Franklin at
1848 Broadway.

"AS early as 1906

the Automobile

on the progress of the industry and pro-

FUEL ECONOMY TESTS

 

Tisdale Tells of

\

|

 

 

in this terri
“It was only when others tried to

When
eight cylinder car, called it the “Dan-

George Daniels built his big | pany, distributer of the car

, tory.
copy it that surprised individuals discov-

industry a new color as well as a new)! Blue.’

bought and used profitabiy one Goodyear
product will turn naturally to Goodyear
for other products of the  company'a
manufacture, Our aim ig to get motor.
ists to ask for tubes by name, just as
they ask for tires by thione

“We are building tubes be the
laminated process; that is, they are butts
up layer upon layer of pure gum The
rubber {8 first rolled out into thin aleats
so that any flaws can be readily seen
Then these sheets are wrapped together
and vulcanized into one solid rubber
tube, Tubes built of one piece of pyr.
ber often contain flaws which are noe
detected. Each sheet of rubber that goose
into a Goodyear tube is inspected most
carefully. Thus the tubes are not strong
In one place and weak tn another, pys
etrong all through.”

ATHFINDER

ALK/-N2 29

 

|

\
|

1

 

 

moted tests to show the relative ad- | car, “Up and down automobile row these
culture that he besought himself a news. Vancement from year to year in per- “Everybody except those at the factory | days one often hears this dealer and e e :
paper job then and there, It being | formances of this Kind. Resides, almost} thought this light and attractive color| that one talking about certain cars he) This Twin Six Th
necessary to interview a brother of no}

less than Frank Pixley, the now eminent
father of drama and musical comely, in

every local contest then staged by vari-
ous automobile clubs included an award
for lowest gasolene consumption.

was ‘juet blue," says Samuel 8, Toback, lintenda to have painted a ‘Daniels blue.’
president of the A. Elliott Ranney Com-| There is simply no other name for it.

amount of power is almost

order to officially affix himself in the | aaa a . eae beyond belief. The CAS of

“From the first no car has been more | => — ate or

 

treasurera good graces, our youn go-
wester journeyed to the aforesaid’s
home. Mr. Pixley wae (IL.

Before the, interview had been con-

eluded an ARron doctor, easaying the
role of heavy villain, announced that the
house was quarantined and that Mr.
Pixley had the smallpox. Needless to
state the young job aspirant remained
Aas a guest. Ami so in the course of time
he joined the staff of the neWspaper and
was also joined in wedlock to Mi

ley's eister, hence the aforementioned | season
double lining.
This is the story of how FE. Cc

Pix-

j Spring opening, the Maxwell show room
Tibet was a busy hive of visitors who brought

bitts, who on April 7 voncluded his nine. |

teenth year as the one and only ad-
vertising manager which the B. F. Giood-
rich Company has ever had, reAched
Akron. He reached the Goodrich fac-
tory before they'd had a chance to hang
the receiver back on the hook after call

 

 

     

In order to meet the demand for in-«
creased selling facilities, the Maxwell |
Motor Sales Corporation, at 1898 Broad-
way, corner of Fifty-ninth street, found
it necessary to double its floor space this
All last week, during the epectal

@ehown, including the new Maxwell Sedan,
| which is the acknowledged all year round
| body.

| An unusually attractive looking dark
| blue roadster with white wire wheels
| caught the eye of a number of young

two.” A touring car in dark green, with
red striping and red wheels, showed how
attractive a touring car could be made
Not the least among the thinge which
attracted attention was the cut out chas-

to Harry J. De Bear, the local manager,
the record sales week of his career,

This light, airy store, artistically 4.)
luminated and tastefully decorated, made
“a suitable setting for the most remark-
able display of Maxwell automobiles ever
shown. Al the newest styles of body de-

ing parts of the car. Crowds of people
| went up to thle and saw how very easy

| couples as being the ideal car “built for |

|

| eis showing the operation of all the work- |

ing up bis paper and inquiring, “tHave) sens were in evidence on the one Max- it was to operate a Maxwell, The)
you a bright young man whom you] well chaasis ' 7 shifted the gears, operated the throttle, |
could recommend to write aaivertise One of the ears whieh attracted ao white striping and white whee's, which Oulled the emergency brake lever, pressed |
ments?’ great deal of attention had a victoria) was a great favorite with the ladies on the foot brake pedal and threw out
The growth of the BB. FL “Goodrich | body with white wire wheels It cer- The young fellows who came all gravi- the clutelh, till it seemed as if everybody
Company. whieh is the largest rubber] rainy made an appearance which gave tated around a dull white finished speed- | had learned how to operate a Maxwell. It
factory in the world and produces over] ty this model all the, earmarks of a ster It ie a rakish, racy looking car was really an interesting way of demon-
"0,000 different articles of rubber in- | tigher priced car than the Maxwell. which looked like speed, Also there were strating to the public the simplicity of
eluding aiuto, motorevele, biescle, truck | phen there was the black cabriolet with several other of the latest body designs Maxwell operation
and carringe tires, hose, belting. pack-

tng. moulded goods, raincoats, boots and
shoes,

water bottles, ated in faet “every
dling in rubber is hugely attributed to
ite progressive advertising policies In
fair weather or foul Goodrich advertis

‘ng has stood forth as prominently and
fontinuouely as Gibraltar,
The Goodrich company have always

 

ne.

Tibbitts,

been strong believers in advertising be- | single month of March saw the distri-
cause they have seen their business mul- {bution of more Chalmers cars than dur- |
and |

end

and

of

tiply
rain

prosper
publicity.

under the
In no other w

sun

 

\

 

 

 

 

   

a SSS See nr — cs cnn 2
RD being placed on the market this year by

GREAT CHALMERS RECO : ‘HUDSON SUPER-SIX the Federal Motor Truck Company are

a very popular model, according to

Shipped 3.397 Care in Twents- Morton W. Smith, president of the Mor-

MAKES A RECOR | ton W. Smith Company, which handles
ithe Federal here. So great have been the
{demands from varias sections of the

‘country for the two ton trucks that the
| factory is to operate its plant to full ca-
Covers a Mile on Ormond-Day- Ipacity to ineure deliveries of the trucks
i without delay

seven Dayan,

At the Chieago Automobile Show, i
January, Hugh Chaltners made the state-
tent that unless there was a fall in the
price of raw tnaterials entering inte the
construction of automobiles the makens

 

  

|

|
|

would have to raise the price of their tona Beach in 35.41 Sec- | “The two ton Federal, is built tn two
cars to the consumer, ‘ ‘ ae models——model ©, with 144 Inch wheel

“His ogrediction came true, SAYS | onds in Sensational Test. base, and model P, with 168 inch wheel |
George Stowe, manager of the local .

base,’ ways Mr. Smith. “It is strom: and

Chalmers branch, “but in the case of the
purchasers of Chalmers cars there was
no sudden jump in the price, but only a) by far the most important event of the
moderate increase to partially meet the j week in automobile circles was the won-
increased price of materials Not only } Ge caked cr tas a Hudson Super-

|ties found in the thousands of Federal
motor trucks now tn use. It meets the
demand of those requiring a motor truck
of a carrying capacity between 113, ton

 

  

that, but we protected our customers’ ne Heach, whic wi Gee ae ae and 31) ton

rest Ww advertisit the new price} Peach, whieh cov é o tiie } sails
ree tetaee it oa put into effect . , astonishing time of 35.11 seconds, which | eee Ee rer eter fae
{ "We have done a tremendous business is at the rate of 102.22 miles an hour ee Gubtiee “Fed pak onthe on .
4) our new models, and judging by the! ~The trial was held under the sanction | thedushout and the worm gear drive
| increased sales of our Bix-40 model since ; Cf the American Automobile Association. ound fa Hacao highly efficient in previous
‘the orice woe raised on Mareh 1 the! and Chairman Edwards of the A. A, A's : :

{small increase in the

i @lighiest segiee

technical committee and Starter Fred J, | Federals, has of care been retained In
‘ Wagner were on hand to see that the! the tso ton models

rules were strictly lived up to. ‘ ¥ _
WINTON INCREASES PRICE.

price of our @ix-30

ear will not affect their sale in the

|
“At that, we can hardly get enougn|,, The car Was driven by Halph Multord. |

 

fears to supply our customers now and! the famous race driver, and while 35.11 |
mete . ‘3 i ee seconds was the fastest time made, he . .
' actory § rane ‘ . : ert i Con o 3 e a
| both the fac te ry and cdl er h are Li | drove the car in six other trials all High t f Matertala auses
[behind on deliveries ; a ne " ae iy | Under 36 seconds, or better than 100 8200 Advance.
seven working days of March the Detro miles an hour,”

 

plant shipped 38,317
$65,000 These figures mean

Effective May 1, the price of the Model
33 Winton Six will be increased 8% per
cent. This is an advance of $200 and

 

cats, Valued at $3,-|

“The time is a new record for a stock
that the | ; Sakai

car chassis,’ said Harry 8S. Houpt, presi-

many " Taw Sone, ea snely he will bring the price of the five passenger
ing the first nine months of 1915, | firms my statement made at the New | C8" to $2,845 f. 0. b. Cleveland. The cause

“Although the company has established | York show that the new Hudson Super- of the increase is the advanced cost of

  

 

 

could they have told so many new production reeords and has oper-) Six is equipped with the fastest and materials and labor
of people about the goodness of Good-| ated the factory day and night, {t be-! most efficient motor of any atock car We had hoped to go through 1916
rich goods, in so short a time, or so} gan the month of April with $8,400,000 in! in world : without any change in price,’ says Gen-
economically Their advertising has] unfilled orders etill ahead of it.” “The Super-@ix motor marks a very |¢Tal Manager Churchill, “and had gro.
made people want rubber goods made | ne pemetage | decided advance in motor car construc. | eee Our ate "a cae on a Me a
by Goodrich, and what the public wants} ” | tion. With a simple motor of only six | Possible ut our cost figures show a
it wets, year after year. To-day their | THE PASSING THRONG. ) little eyslinders he Hudson engineers | Steady increage, and it is by nea means
great factories are at work night and] ciodte Reealla Cara That) Tarried | have discovered how to develop 75 horse. | certain that we may not be foreed to an-
day. Kach year they invest more and power, whereas no previous six of the |!ounce still another increase later on
more money in advertising and each} Rut a Moment. | size ever developed over 45 horse-power | The new price, representing an advance
year are forced to build and build to | "The other day IT happened to run| before of only 85, per cent, is ultra eonserva-
care for jicreasing business | across «& motor trade paper of Novem-! “The performance at Ormond simply | tive We have given dealers and pros-
The power of silent salesmansiip.| per, 1909. in which there were many cars| accentuates the resord the car made on | pects until May 1 to book orders for cars
which is advertising, was never more] advertised in company with the Kissel) the Sheepshead Bay Speedway, when jat the old price, because we feel that an

forcibly felt than when the Bh. F

rich company last year announced “Fair
List” prices on tires and then set a
new fashiongin tires when they first
announced the Goodrich black tread
tires Another reason why black treads
are so popular is because of the won-
derful endurance of silvertown tires in

races and on the roads everywhere dur-
ing the last two years. Black treads
were originated by Goodrich on silver-
town tires. The black barefoot rubber
used in Goodrich tires clings to the
pavement, for the same reason that the
sole of your bare foot clings to slip-
pery surfaces.

When the clutch of your car is thrown
fin, and the wheels begin to turn, with
first sudden tug on tires, the barefoot
rubber stretches between the outer sur-
face, contacting with the ground and
its inner surface which is cemented to
the cotton fabric '

That wonderful stretchy quality thus
forms a sort of “spring” which heavily
reduces the “grind,” the frictional heat
and wear between tire and pavement,
which is death to tires. It also eases the
strain on the rubber adhesive between
the several layers of fabric, through

bringing the sudden tug of starting un- |

der power and stopping under brakes,
to bear on it gradually (as with a
spring). It further takes up much of
that traction wave which, in) running,

tends to separate the several layers of |

cotton fabric with which tires are in-
teriorly built up.

Goodrich tires thus give their maxi-
mum traction with minimuin friction
And this in turn results ino masxinuin
mileage from every ounce of material
used.

WHITE CO. ELECTS OFFICERS.
Aa Effective Personnel Is Went
Intact.

The annual stockholders’ meeting cof

the White Motor Company was held at
the offices of the companys, BAL Joust
fieventy-ninth street, Cleveland, ©), at
10 A. M, April 8, 1916, and the follow.
ine board of directors war clected:
Windsor T. White, Walter C, White, A
KR. Warner, BE, W. Hulet, Otto Miller, M
I. Johnson and J, R. Nutt, of Cleveland,
and J, Horace Harding, A. Mitchell Hall
td, Theodore Roosevelt, Jr, and bk.
Tinker, of this efty,

At the first meeting of the directors the
following officers of the company will be
elected: Windsor T. White, president ;
Walter C. White, first vice-president: F,
WW. Hulet, eecond vice-president: M. B
Johnson, chairman of the board; Otto
Miller, treasurer, and A. BR. Warner, sec-
retary and assistant treasurer,

The White Motor Company has taken
over all the assets of the White Conmany,
With the exception of $506,000, and the
capital of the White Company reduced to
that amount. All of the capital stock of
the White Company is owned by the
White Motor Company, and the former
Witt he continued as the selling company
for the latter,

Concern Changes lin Name,

The Hartford Suspension Company of
Jersey City, N. J, better known as the
Thakers of the Hartford shock absorber, |

and one of the ploneers in the industry, haw
tlecide@ to change its name to KEdward
Vv. ford, Incorporated, Tt has been
me mete’ nt this does not mean any

an in @ personnel or owners)! t
Qhe company. 8

Good- | Kar that have since passed from view,"

 

\

|

   
 
  
 
 

with top, windshield and full equipment
the car maintained a speed of 70 miles
tributer. {an hour for 1,300 miles This trial, like : fein

“Here are some of the cars in question | the Ormond test, was made under the | New Chevrolet Manager.
that I do not believe the average motorist | official supervision of the A. A. A.

advance taking effect without notice
would hardly be fair to our patrone.”

says aul V. Clodio, the metropolitan dis-

The Chevrolet Motor Company announces

 
  

 

yf to-day can remember although some ; the appotntment of J. Ho Wi as man
of them were popular in their times; NEW FEDERAL 2 TON TRUCKS. | aeer of OR Pa Ly n branch 1S : Redford
. : avenue a tac orineriy was cane
American, Cameron, Morn, Grout, Mid- | “ s nected with the Manhattan branch te.
land, Royal Tourist, Matheson, MeIntyte, | Morton W. Smith Saya They Fl) fore becoming connected with the Chev.
Mason, Anhut, Demot, Chadwick, Badger, | rolet Motor Company he was the manager
Petrol, Elmore, F. A, L., Selden Rider: | the Bill. of the Dictaphone department of the Co.
eA Reino , lumbia Graphophene Company at London
Lewis and Corbin i The new two ton trucks which are | ®orento, Tahata, and tn this eity

 

WINTON

4% Increase in Price
Taking Effect May 1st.

At midnight on April 30, 1916, catalog prices on the 33 Winton Siz will
be withdrawn, On and after May 1, 1916, the following prices (f. 0, b. Cleveland)
will be in effect:

$2485
2535
2635
2485

Five-passenger touring
Seven-passenger “
Six-passenger
Four-passenger
Roadster . . ;
Sedan Se

Limousine (three-quarters)
Limousine (four-door). ‘
Limousine-landaulet

Coupe .

2485 Coupelet .. 2800
3700 Chassis only. . . . . 2200

This increase of $200, representing an advance of 8 3-4 per cent., is
made necessary by the inercased cost of both materials and labor.

Orders booked before May 1st will be accepted at catalog prices, $200
lower than the figures listed above.

$3450
3700
3700
3400

sé

oe

The Winton Company

Winton Building, Broadway at 70th Street

Tel. Columbus 3580
Newark—Winton Bldg., 380 Central Ave.

Tel. Mulberry 900

sturdy, with all the service giving qualh- |

}
|

 

'

closely identified with the gasolene econ-

omy movement than the Franklin. | EW THOMAS C0 T0
Starting in May, 1906, with a world's HOB BURMAN died at the | 8
record of eighty-seven miles on two |

  

wheel of his racing car on
April 8, 1916.

gallons, established at New York, varl-
ous economy events were won with a
regularity that built a reputation which

BUILD TRUCKS HERE

He was game to the core,

 

the car continues to hold to-day Tn :

the Long Island run of February 25, a great driver, and a good i

1908, and the Buffalo one gallon contest H \ \ ? y : W th
’ e Me oug Associatec t e

in July, 1909, in which the average fetend te have around I " I, ng \ ia |

per gallon reached a higher record than

will be sorely missed,

Industry Hold Important

 

ever, 46.) mites, the Franklin set) still

igher standards, The foremost accom- Positions in This Concern.
Plishment of economy research eulmi- * TISFY ; :

nated in 1977, when the Automobile SILVER'S SALARIES SA . seen

Club oof America again offtvially ob- -

served uv trial, this time on the Frank- | Saleamen Have Strong Incentive to! 4 jew motor truck concern has been
lin alone The result, $3.5 miles on a Do Rest Work, launched here, It will be known as
single measured gallon, up to the pres-

ent has never been equalled, The salesmen of the (. T. Siiver Motor | the Thomas Auto Truck Company Ine.,

 

“The influence wich these records ex-] Company know that the house is as ins [and will build the trucks at 639-641
erted on contes was shown (in. the | terested in their work as they are them- | Wert Kifty-first street,
economy run. staged lvl? by the | selves, and under this knowledge they| The line will consist of a three.

put forth the best that is in them, with }Guarters, one, one and a half and two
the consequent to the ton chasses, and complete bodies and
they sel! and to company It of taxieabs,

tically am high majorit@ of the product
mium on doing the right thing continu-| Thomas factory for the next
ously It that the customers |™onths has been sold,
of the company benefit greatiy by th « | WH begin in May,
method, for the true salesman will try [Company will be
harder to please hie customer and hold! . ‘ K. Thomas,
him ate a steady customer than the man |
in to sell automobiles as a make-

benefit Cus Omners |)
prac- [also a line

pres The

theie
of the
twelve
and deliveries
The personnel of the
as follows:
the president
founder, was for three years previous to
Jan. 1, 1918, vice-president and general
shift f manager of the Federal Motor Truck

'
|

}

In addition to the weekly cash prizes j Company of New York. Cloyd Marshall,
to serve to Keep the salesmen keyed up| the Secretary and treasurer, was former-
to pitch, Mr. Silver's latest offer is $1,000

sunts to putting a

8 OuviOUSs

and

who is

ly with © W. Hunt Co. of this elty.
|} William S. Tnomas, a director, has been
| prominent

tou the salesman @elling the most cars
during April, May and June, and that his
sSalesinen in his branches in) Brooklyn,
Newark, Bronx and Yonkers should have
the prope:
branch salesmen w
months of April, May
ter than that of the man in sixth posi-
tion in New York will be
the New York sales force
So that his five retail sales managers
and bis wholesale manager shell Save!
the proper stimulation Mr. Silver is ofver-
ing eax
dispore
June 30
In
that

ste

in engineering work for @
rumber of years, and was formerly with
13 M. Gurfey & Co

Oo. 8
three | whe

of Pittsburg, Pa.
Piatt, another director, ie the
i of the Platt Plattern and Machine
| Works of Bridgeport, Conn, Philip F.
Donohue, also a director, is general ad-
vertisings expert
many Hall.
George &.
Conn, is one
automobile
aving had

fadopted by
cars up to}

encouragement the

ose sales for

the
and June are bet-

 

 

and treasurer of Tam-

advanced 1o

Whitney, M. E. of Bridge-
of the
engineers
many of his
leading companies.
was
Locomobile Company,

port,

A@nent

most prom-
in America,
inventions
For eev-
chief engineer for
Mr. Whitney
is acting in the capacity of advisory en-
| eimer of the Thotnas company as well
the Universal
M

 

h @ prize of $1,000 provided they
of thei: allotment of '
eral he

the

veurs

 

view of
the
of
Peerless cars
ouely on the

the toemendous

Siive ompans

business
is doing in the
Overland, Willys-Knight and
the company is continu-
wkout for salesmen of ex-

 

   

GLENN 4, TISDALE. as Motors Company.

D. Herron, the sales manager,

Quaker City Motor Club

of Philadel-

former!ty occupied the same position

 

 

  

  

 

     

  
  

 
   
  

   

 

|
'
|

control is fascinating 4
NEW experience to thi
OLD motorist. The valve.
in-head motor renders this
mighty car as supple as a
cat, and the peculiar appli-
cation of the brakes makes
the car so hug the road that
(even without chains) it is
as sure-footed as a goat.

DELIVERIES Now,

Twin Siz Touring, 82.750
Twin Sir Spectal Roadster, $2,900
Single Siz, $1,695.

‘Phone Columbus —aa2
for demonstration.

Renior Bros

GCASTERN OISTRIBUTORS

1875 BROADWAY
AT 62 °P ST. WY.

| SAVE $335 |

The Remaining 4-Cylinder

isis,

Standard $1085 Price

Now on Sale

*750

The standard price has always beer ¢
Note the specifications below»:

 

 

 

 

. , ‘ ceptior od ability Roomy; 5-pass ; 5 Whine
phia, the rules of which showed an effort Ptional and proved ability. with the Federal Motor Truck Company Streamline: 40-1 Pr te Minter Ret s
to revive the waning interest by making a of New York, and is well known in the Continental Motor; Wess.
competition closer through the elimina. | Unique Window Diaplay. trade. Walter Jones, the chief en- Beran and lighting system br »
ine ibility g 5 1 ' ; - vi differantial; Muncie trai.
tien from eligibility of all air cooled | ‘The month of March was the biggest leineer, has been identified in a mechan- sion; Stromberg carburetor hi nda
ears. Under this ruling a two passenger j month we ever hat so far as actual sales feal Way with the automobile industry equipment throughout
car Was a ded first prize with an | are concerned.’ This ts the frank and for fourteen vears He has been asso- T G PaSiary, is now building Sia...
average of 22.07 miles per gallor definite statement made by Manager FL it | é sith ai Na tea a Sine sively and instructed us te sell
“Dis meet marked the last general | Bump of the loca! Studebaker branch, and |" “ ed with Amplex, Packard and Fiat inaining Aas! cars at the Sensational
ni involving gasoler or ny T ee netee fs activity in and around the | tow Price of 87450, fo) 1 fa
contest ivowiln asolehne econer O-}] branch at ‘ifty-sinth etreet and Broad @ guarantee service
day the contests seem to tbe limited to | Way give actual testimony to the truth of | GOODYEAR TUBE TALK. Deferred Payn t !
rivalrs among owners, The desire for | the state vent ‘ i “ . | Pe yments Arranged
- anom nducine : r. ump now has workmen on th ob} 2 * 4 . !
gasolene ex a my ae ee ns indi ane preparing 4 huge painting of the Stuile- \ Rig Tire Company Ie Making Very | Automobile Warehouse Co,
owners to bring erytThing posrsinle [0 | baker factories for use as «a window dts y .
hea nfluencing both the price and! play This paintir Which has specia Strong Article. 1700 Broadway, at 54th Street
the consumption Present conditions | ehting ; ea cer Was a feature of | “We are now carrying to motorists a! Phone Circle «
are adding more an@ more importance | Meet et ci dina ua Panama jcampaign showing how care is quite as , 2
to the elements affecting the consump- | tom 17 jnecessary in buying tubes as in buying
tion end, as the increasing demand is | ca art are | tires,” says A I. Osterloh, secretary of
bound to make a conservation of the | ais y : . I the Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company,
supply necessary through high ¢ the tied ers | Akron, Ohio

cleney in automobiles look upon t “We realize that

 

a motorist who has

higher Ele

 

 

  

WH gasoline costing 2
real money -will the
motorist be content with
12 miles per gallon—
when so many are aver-
aging 20 and up?

On Saturday, May 1 of last
year, 137 regular Franklin
Cars in 137 cities in all parts
of the country averaged 32.1
miles to the gallon of gasoline.
Weather—all kinds; roads—
all kinds.

The Franklin System of
Direct- Air-Cooling does
away with 177 parts—all the
complications, added weight,

{
|
|

 

a aA,

and power-loss of the water
cooled car.

They are in daily use in
every city of this country—
delivering to their owners
more comfort and more econ-
omy than any other cars they
ever owned.

Get acquainted with what
the Franklin Car will save
yor on gasoline. Come in.

ide in one yourself.

Franklin Motor Car Co.

GLENN A, TISDALE, President
Agents for Franklin Automobiles

1848 Broadway, at 61st Street
Telephone, Columbus 7556

WWAAAAAMAAAAAWAAYA

 

|

VaVaV, VW,

A

Maa AAs

eee a ee ——— ee

     

EXCHANGE
Fast

Autos Selling

Assortinernt (4

Riggest

  

 

  
 

‘
BiG BAG, Ss
ALL STYLES AND Ph
Cadillacs, Oldsmobiles, Packs
lets, Briscoes, Maxwells. Stu ”
Buicks,  Overlands. Oaklands \ +8.
Aleos, Mercvers, Stutzes | Simpler ings
Hudsons, Fords, Renaults. Frank t
j cally every make! New Bargains rv !
bee Price S100 up te BY. ja
Easy payments arranged trade
Correspondence tnvited
10,000 Tires 30°, to en Saved
. Tube « to Sie
Sundries, Electr quipment, self & e

 

Magn te
BODY SALE: IMMENSE Stockh
All styles im Stock New oo ts
The Prices Will Surprise You
Remodel Your Car) Whole Jot «
Solid Truck Tires, $s-812 00. \
tv Bargains au DareOents
“Our Prices Scare Qur Cons

Jandorf Automobile Co.,

AUTO & TIRE DEPAK IAI
1761-1763 Broadway, nr. 57h st
y Department, b05-s07 .

 

    

 

1913 8 G@ VO BReUGHAM .
town car; cowl dash fore « eek
fain, Roskam-scott ¢ ’ t

1912 LANCIA BhROUGHAM i °
overhauled, repaints 8 ‘
Roskam-Seott Co, soe BR

9148.G. V. 3 Overha ¢
five passenger Roskam-s

Broadway
PACKARD AUTO ENCHANGE, IN
LOUIS BRETEY, Minus
1876 Broadway leley i
We have 1918, 19! i ok
mousines, Landauie: and
for sale at burguin pri ¢
See us before buving elsewhere
191é MARMON 4 ge e «
used very little, sell ren t
Seott Co., ve Broadiuu

MERCBPR RACH \R OT! I °
Dunlop wire wheel-. ove wie

elegant burguin Ie
Rroadway

rehat

1914 OVERLAND LANTH I
O@tarter and ighting Ticds
1898 Broadway

1916 CADILLAC, tive ponsong '
mer, also winter bods ole
Deloo elf starter
privately; equal new. ¢
VATH STARLE, 148)

STEARNS -KNIGHL
tourtng. elegoan yd ‘ $
Scott Co, Ue8 Brondwa

1916 DETROTTER s '
‘ng. brand thew, sa
Scott Co., 1s98 Broad

$2 000144
Tandauet
& Wo,

AUTOMOBILE AND MOTOR EKECI Ty
STRUCTION

PREPAREDNESS

fa necessary in al! things
School! will save you ma

$992 RENA
body ay .
Tong Island ¢

and much unnecessary exp me
$55. Day and Fvening o'«
instruation to sult your cons: ead

 

 

   

 

(eel

STEWART AUTO SCHOO!
We Repai Mud Guards }
16
1054 Bedford Ave., Bhlyn, Tel. bet th ue
New Departure Service Sia. Phe sis
AUTOMOBILES FOR HIKE

Classes for Ladies, Write or
225 Weat Sith st, (at Brows
AUTOMOBILE BKREPALKIS:
Auta Radiat
Windshields i
HUDSON AUTO LAMP WOKS 13f
48-50 Browiway, N. ¥. Circle coh oe
AUTOMOBILE SUPPLIL>
BEARINGS ——
253 W. 58 St. (at Bway). Te! o
NEW TWIN-SIX PACKARD |
er 1914-1916 cars, by month or year

 

ars
en antht

Karp, 1120 Broadway. Co.umous stir