mM

I ee
ag

BOORDS WILL GO |
IN THESE RACES|

 

 

 

Famous Cirentt at Sheepshead |
Is in Minest Shape for
Fast Time.

 

SoM E FINE SPRINTS
7 ae 7 '

Sheepsiioad Bay Speedway, conceded |
te be the fastest automobile race course
in the world, prodises to cclipse all
previous records for fast time this sea-

son, as, according to Kverard Thomp-
son, manager of the bowl, the circult ts
the best of condition, and if new
records are not established it with be
no fault of the track,
without) «# doubt.’ seid Mr
* peor When seen al the Speedway
vecterday, “the fastest circuit ty the

 

world This fuct was established wns |
the saucer was vet a stranger to the

devers. Tt will be remembered that in,
the running of the Astor Cup, the first |

rece staged, GL Anderson in a Stuts}
hunt up 8 world’s record when he Seel Packard motor tracks for
porated the two omile course at a) within €4 hoarse after receipt of
speed of 102.56 miles an hour for 850!
mile This regord hardly stood long

enoug for race goers ty recognise it, |
when Dario Resta smashed the new |
mark by going 105.39 miles an hour |
for 190 miles in a Peugeot. }

pany on March 22.

 

Mobilization of Packard Trucks

_ HE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1916.

 

for Mexico.

 

the U. 8. Army in Mesico are shown here assembled for shipment
the order from the Government. This Geet of 38 trucks is im a6-

dition to the 28 transport trucks and one repair shop vehtele sent to the border by the Packard Com-
The first Packard traneport divicion te now carrying suppiices ané army equlp-
ment along the line of communication between Columbus, New Mexico, the army's eperating base,

 

OVERLAND PLANT —
BREAKS RECORD

Manufactured and Shipped
47,465 Cars in 8 Months,
20,000 in March.

 

 

Tt was 4isclosed in a report submitted
by officials of the company to John N.
Willys, president of the Willys-Over-
land eompany, that all previous produc-
tien records had been broken at the clase
of business March 31.

This three months etatement shows a
total of 47,465 curs manufactured and
shipped. The month of Maroh just
passed jeada with a total of nearly 20,000
cars—18,780 to be exact. This is com-
pared with the March, 1915, production
of 7,005 cars and shows a gain of 12,775
cars in a single month.

Still more remarkable is the fact that
the number of cars shipped in the three
months period January 1 to March 31
comes within # thousand cars of equal-
ling the entire yearly production of 1914.
In twelve months time, with increased
manufacturing facilities, production fig-
ures are nearly trebled, a manufactur-
ing and marketing achievement that has
yet to be equalled in any industry.

The report of the first quarter shows
them maintaining s production schedule
of 200,000 Overland and Willyse-Knight
care for 1916. and marke a new era In

 

CONTRASTS AMONG BUYERS.

8. 8. Toback Tells of Several In-
teresting Types.

Tt has been said that next to getting
married and buying « home the most Im-
portant thing the average man does these
days is to buy an automobile. The pur- |
chase of an automobile represents a
large initial outlay for many men and ts
un event of tremendous importance to
fAem. But others, who get what they
Want when they want it, and do not con- |
sider the cost very seriously, regard the
ca affair from an entirely different

e.

“It is Interesting to observe the con-
trasts arnong buyers,” says Samua 8.
Toback, president of the A. Pilictt Ran-
ney Company, local distributers of the
King Eight. Perhaps the two most ex |
acting buyers I ever heard of were con-
cerned more with the fittings of the car |
than with motof matters. One of them,
a retired judge, bought a limousine and
insisted upon having it equipped with
two speedometera—one for the chauffeur
on the instrument board and one for
himself ineide
coukl keep his
And that

Here tn the Aree of the Dodge

the body where he, ¢his car to 6880 delivered here.
eugie eye on it.) yenat
ware not all, for within)
casy reach there was also a but-
ton which wounded the warning s#tz-,
nal. It was generally predicted at the:
time of this aale that the old gentieman
wouldn't keep a chauffeur very long if
he insisted upon sounding his private sig-
nal every time he suspected there was
“ong. oor a euch was ee Something Dtetinctive.
. en there was the man who umtit
@ high priced chassis and told the salex. | The peculiar development of the auto-
man he wanted o body that would grace-| mobile to sult the needs of motor en-
fully carry a much prized trunk on the ; thustasts is illustrated by the Riverside

rear. He sent the trunk, a moet pecu-! ‘
arly shaped affair, worth probably $50,; C'U> roadster that ts being put out by

manufacturers, placed the

 

 

Dodge Commercial Car Has Arrived.

| by the Colt-Stratton Company, Broadway at 67th strect.

 

| MOON 00. HAS NEW ROADSTER. | EMPIRE TIRES

ee A ee ae

7

—

 

 

Brothers’ commercial cara received
The price of

The Fietechmann Company, the large

Sret order with the Colt-Stratten

| Company for acveral of these cars,

a

ARE TOUGH.

Meets Demand of Those Whe | Have Been Proved in Unusealiy

Hard Teatea,

Red rubber for Empire tires was net
Picked for its color, It won its victory
only after a series of the most exhaustive
teats by the compiny at the factory end
by users on the road

ee

 

  
    
    
      
       
   
  

The proof that records will be forth-
ecaming this season when «a better ac-
quaintanceship ts recognized between |
driver and track is that the Blitzen |
Bens was piloted over the course at the |
rate of 116 miles an hour. This time]
was made when the car wax not in the]
test of condition, and now that the
Biltzen has been overhauled and ‘tuned
up’ for a speed trial, it would not sur-
prise me to see the machines doing 130 |
miles an hour in competition, A 116
mile an hour clip was also accomplished
by a Sunbeam.”

Barney Oldfield has written the man- |
agement of the Speedway offering to!
wager $5,000 that he can drive his /
Christie over the two mile board circuit
tn a minute or better. ‘It's the fastest
car in the world,” quotes the modest
Barney, “and I only want the chance
to prove it at your May race meet.” j

Of the four races scheduled for the |
opening day the Metropolitan ‘Trophy |
‘e the longest, which asks the curs to}
go 150 miles. The other events will |
be the Queens Cup, for 50 miles; the
Coney leland Cup, at 20 miles, and al
consolation event for non-winners, the
William Kemble Cup, a 10 mile dash.
Cash prizes amounting to $20,000 will
be awarded the winners.

——

 

 

This Hupmobile. Seats Nine Comfortably.

   

—————

and Casas Grandes, Chihuahua and points beyond.
have heen @lled and shipped in thene two instances, the Packaré Company has cet sew records for

industrial preparednens,

QUAKER :

Porely Tempered a8 a.

'
Watch Spring.
of automobile

. CITY TIRES SATISFY.

Are as

The history tire mak. !
ing has been marked with many refine. |
ments and improvements, but practicalls
all effort
creased mileage until the discovery by
the Quaker City Rubber Company of
Philadelphia of a secret and exclusive
tnethod of tempering the rubber, a treat-
ment that not only adds strength and
thduranee, but also increases the shock
absorbing properties of rubber with
consequent comfort to paasengers and
savings in car upkeep cost through the
absorption of vibration

Tempered rubber unusually ad-
hesive, a factor of great value in pre-
venting ply separation and om creating
an inseparable bond between the tread
and the carcass Tempering prevents
the tread picking out or clipping and

was in the direction of in-

is

 

\
|

 

In the rapidity with which Government eréere to the salesman so that an $1,800 body | the Moon Motor Car Company.

could be built around it. He suld he just! While this type of car may be sald to
pl oe to oon with he trunk, | he somewhat “freakish,” Stewart Mce-
which he used on another car for @ year. .

Tt wa a hard body fob, but the man | Donald, vice-president of the Moon Com-
every twenty-four hours. The daily pro- d well for it | Dany, hays it has come to stay. toughness have been worked into the Bm-
duction is more than double the number! ‘Now comes a customer of the least; “The Riverside Club roadster ia ajpire Red by the makers, and it is these
of cars that were produced during the, exacting type. He had about dectded to natural development for those who or- | that have won the enthusiastic praise of
entire year of 1967, when the Overland | buy @# car other than a King, but when | dinari!ty want a car for one or two per- | motorists all over the country

the quantity production of cars of this
class and price.

With the completion of new factory
additions the Overland will possess the
facilities for building 1,000 motor cars

Moreover, the mileage te not in the
color. It te in the material, and the
durability of this niuterial proceeds from
the special process of munufacture. Re-
siliency, endurance, road grip and griatty

BIG PREMIER CORP. |:

a senpees  -0o 2 oe ---- -- >
Se

| rector of sales; Homer McKee, director
of advertising ; P. W. Tracy, director of
Earl G.

purchases and stores; Gunn,

 

 

chief engineer; F. P. eneens, 7 car first made Its appearance, | he found that h& would have to wait too sons, but who occasionally wish to earry There was no original bias on the part
Production manager; Charles 8. Crawe) ang pnenomenal growth of the Toledo |long for delivery telephoned one of our a few extras,’ McDonald says. “For| of the Empire company when the expert-
j ford, asmoctate engineer, and J. L. V@) concern is attributed largety to the high j salesmen in this wise: ‘If you can have | the mat of sporting proclivities, for the| ments with red rubber were started.
a j Tian, assoclate engineer. quality system of quantity production! a King Light at wid front door to-morrow) club man and for theatre use, this type) The company was making » moet sue-
i . in een methods which have been {!n vogue at | morning at 10 o'clock, fully equipped and meets a distinct demand The car at- | cessful gray tire. But tire maki wes
Experienced Men Will Build | GOODYEAR REPAIR MANUAL. ean _, its ri toh eis |S aor ae aa ant 1 will buy it’ Hears “4 great = of ar “ i not the = Empire output A een
- Sticainianacete p ucing cars in large numbers ey | The car Was there, the new owner Wrote ton’ from automobile men at the Chi- | success had alresdy been acored with
Quality Car in Immense | Company Recognises Value of Well] have not only reduced manufacturing | his check on one of the fenders, bundied | cago show this spring.” Peerless ged tubes. Red rubber was
< le r costa to a minimum but they have been | jis family into the tohneau and went on a The appointments of this roadster are|used for these because it had developed
Plant at Indianapolis Informed Repairmen. able to offer popular priced cars of a| two thousand mile trip throuch the State. said to be the most expensive of any |¢reater toughness in service. This aug:
my Perhaps the most vomprehensive con- | fineness of workmanship which the pub-/| And he didn't have the least bit of trou-\ ear of the type selling under $2,000, | gested the logical thouglit that the same
| tribution to trade literature bearing| lic has come to associate with cars of; ble with the car—not #0 much ap a{| The body is designed for the Six-44 j toughness applied ty tives might mean
; upon the repairing of tres is the new | far higher price. : puncture.” | chassie. | udditional mileage

 

With a factory site of forty ucres and | Goodyear Manual of Tire Repairing, now
more than 300,000 square feet of floor | being issued to recognized tire repuir-
space, constituting one of the mort idewl, men, by the Goodyear Tire and Rubber

 

 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
    
  
    
     
   
   
     
  
 
   
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
    
      
   
 
 
   
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
  
  

that the quelity of the product will im-j| tended to assist Lim in the promotion
mediately establieh it in the front rank. his business, All the facts and {l-
the new Premier Motor Corporation of | lustrations used In the manual are based
Indianapolis ts ready for business. on the standard practice of the exten-
It has taken literally months to com- | sive repair department at the Goodyeur
plete the organization, but the work has, factory, which is maintained, rot alone
been capably and efficiently handled and | for tire repairing, but to discover)
the roster of Premier officials, directors , through experimentation and pructical !
and departmental beads etimulates con- work new and more efficient methods |
fidence in the big Indianapolis factory's | 4"@ materials. The whole scope of tire
ubility to merit quickly an important | Téepairing ts fully covered, from the use
place in the tadustry. and to maintain | Of kums to fill tread cuts to the rebuild-

it The Premier Motor Corporation |! and vulcanisation of tires.
starts with a capital stock of $2,500,.|, The functions of gums. fabrics, air
000. Lurge volume production of quality | 08% cements, valve patches, &c., are
oars |e the intention fully described and their uses in repair
The initial stess of the Premier Motor work explained. That Goodyear repair
Corporation comprised the purchase of materials cost no more than materials
all assets and good will of the Premier | °f lesser qual{ty 1s eet forth, and {im-
; proved machinery, efficient methods and

¢
o

plants in the moter car industry, with | Company of Akron, Qhio. j mn
eXceptional financtal strength and facili-; It {8 primarily @ manual discussing | |
lies for conducting the manufacture and, the materials, equipment and methode of

“ule of a Jurge volume of motor cars,,4ppiication necessary to the curnplete j

and with an organization of such calibre | Success of the tire repairman, and is in- | |

ALAA
: : ~y,

Y

SSS_=
OVO 1 97!

 

 

 

Motor Manufacturing Company, the pure
chase of the assets and the good on) | eas ner tion given ° rea-
of the Mais Motor Truck Company and | rome he year quality selling 80
the purchase of the mammoth factory | = e
and forty ucre tract formeriy owned
Sanpete cette hee haw bas | oes a ee An exceptional car
dianapotis The entire plant has been | oo TS
rehabilitated and udapted to meet the; Many Mitchell Cave Are Delivered
erage > ig ad etory ‘“
- on he oF Xe aes rn factory doing | to Eager Buyers. e
J. ¢ | wers, president “as a general! “Having care to deliver is é Ms ad- ul Oo mee an
Manuver of the corporatiot ar nounces.| Vantage these dave and Mitchell buyers
the ne hel of the orpatcg.tion as fol. | #te fortunate, as the Carl H. Page Mo- e
+ ow Ole J C. Mlowers, preei. | CP Company Bought and etored many
Jaane peek ae etter | atolls erin the ear moma exacting deman
har v “presidents Ff Jenmmn, cer ” pe Taegy ~ 77 OS orders, yore J.
[retary ihe te Thonpscn, manure | A'Giath local division manger,
am! Directorate—CGeorge  Woodruft presi: | rewotted vecnnly orePeredness has teen The six cylinder motor— in its perfected state—is the
= | t t t Illinois 1 “iE ve ,
sOne of the most popular of the Hupmobile models,” saya Charles | ory it or the Frnt Natio © buyers sixty-eight Mitchells in, the engineer's answer to the demand of the automobile enthusiast
tt t ' ae 0 et 7 . ni P, - oa)
F, Riess, the local Hupmobile distributor at 1690 Broadway, “is the! Rank. Joel, ml; Harry L. Thompson candy OvGnIiEE, Thses creed tanta’ the extremist if you will.
@ven passenger touring car. This car is beyond question one of the | secretary of the Gerlach: Barklow Com- some that oame from dealers in the
finest and most loxurtonaly furnished open cars on the market to-day. | Gee ae ay a sha Cota chimetiiee, Vage selling territory, but mostly the “ rhe pe stocted ets e7tinder motor te capable of « fapter °
The hudy ts full stream line and of the racy Earopean type. Comfort | (., v4 any Joliet, mm! Charles FO Jen- fear wee ae Waves ann bloat, P po es SF @ tour.
bas heen the keynote of the consternetion of this luxurious car and the }sen, president of the Vanguard Manu- phia. But not all! sixcs are superior to all fours.
erating arrangement ts very unique, as it really has a capacity for seer ring ent pon dtieh ; “The big day was Saturday, April 1,
rederts Wood Ul, Vice-presi nwo ° uy ?
bine passengers. the First National Bank and vioepresi- ‘the’ hamde ot porcharsne” Tetitvtes We build fours that are superior to many sixes.
“From the photograph one will note that the auxiliary seata when) oo) of the Woolruff Trust Co , thee
| f the 1 mparty, , deliveries were made in the five previous
open for upe fit closely together and furnish room enough for three Joliet, Ml, Joseph ( Flowers, Joliet, days of that week. Five curs each day And our only purpose in building a six is to satisfy with
persons, ‘These ausiiiary sents, unlike the ordinary type of folding |!!! and Frward W. Steinhart, In-| was the record for text Monday and Overland finality that extremist demand for well nigh miracu-

GOOD HEADLIGHT DIMMER.

 

Overcomes Danger of Collision at
Small Expense.

Nearly every State in the Union has
pessed or is passing laws doing away
with blinding headlights on autornobiles. |

There have been many attempts to
femedy this dangerous feature of motor-
‘ug—~all more or less successful, but most
of them expensive.

One of the post practical, as well as
economical, is the Glare-Of. This device
consists of a metal shield placed inside

 

the glese of the headlights. Ite action
to off and reflect all raye, which
rAiror reach the eyes of the ap-|
erat triver or pedestrian downward
mou t road ahead, where they are
@'' complies with all ptate regulations
edowill do much toward ellminating ac-
dents due to the blinding ¢lare and
‘wanketing in fogs which confuse not |
the approaching driver but the
eriver of the car whose lights are not

vor trolled by such a device as Glare-Off
ghis

e device is made in a great variety |
fens and colors and to fit any lamp |
the Glare-Off Conypany, 1777 Broad-

"h
f

 

seats, are fully apholatered, with springs in both back cushionns,”’

eg - _

insures uniform'ty of wear on the sur- |

fice of the tread.

The dealers of thie city report a brisk |
demand for Quaker tires, and state!
that users enthusiastically |Indorse them
because of thelr wonderful mileage and
easy riding qualities.

 

Bourquin’s Long Record.

James F. Bourquin, who !s vice-presidene
and the manufacturing genius of the new
Liberty Motor Car Company and one of
the few who know just what type the new
Liberty car will prove to be, made hie en-
trance Inte the automobile tndustry when
the business ‘wae in short pants.” In
fact, he anseieted the engineering depart-
ment of the Olds Motor Works as early ae
1902, while still at college.

 

CAN YOU SELL
Automobiles? |

There is an unusual opportunity |
on Broudway for the man who can}

produce. Selling experience in the!
automobile line is not essential.

A well established and successful |
concern has an attractive proposi-
tion to offer to the right man, Make |
application, giving qualifications, to |

 

rio
.

¢

rye in)
HE Hob Rape

GLARE

Send all light rays

not blanket in fog
coming driver.

GLARE-OFF COMPANY,

   

OBEY 7c LAW

Spend a Dollar and Save a Fine!

lhe lews now in force or those being passed
n non-blinding headlights.
pliance with the law, the safety of yourself
and the public, demand a device like

-OFF’ LIGHTS

MADE OF
Comply with all State regulations.

road where they are needed, Will

sk your dealer or
send one dollar for pair—giving size
of glass and color of car,

Mfd. under J. Upton Barr Patent.

1719 Broadway,

B. B., Box 139 Sun Office.

| Per Pair-Prepaid - All Colors

    
   
  
 
  
   
       
                
 
        
             
     
      
 

dianapol
Departinent Heads

Tuesday, but the number for Wednee
day was seven.”

lous motor performance.

The Overland Six is a big, roomy, luxurious, seven -
her cot with a motor of unusual power, smootl.ness and
e ty.

But the price is only $1145—much lower than any other
car of its size and class.

Such a low price for such a superlative car is possible
because the cee Six is part ae huge production. ae

In fact Overland production is easily double that of any
other builder of cars of like class,

So in buying the Overland Six you not only secure a car of
very unusual performance—

.. But you get the advantage of the economies possible only
in the production of care ny so vast a scale.

While the prices of established sixes are ad , and
those recently announced are on a higher price level, the Over-
land price remains at $1145,

It is eo clearly dominant value among sixes of its size and
class, that the demand is taxing even our large capacity.

Today is an Overland Six opportunity which can hardly last.
See us now and book your order.

C. T. SILVER MOTOR CO.

1760 BROADWAY, AT 87TH ST. te!

BROOKLYN: BRONX:
Bedford Ave. & Prospect Pl, Lith st, & 8d Ave,
Tel. 9195 Prospect, Tel, W812 Melrose. (Opp. Post Office)

Trade-In Department, 1739 Broadway. Tel, 6450 Market.

The Willys-Overland Company, Toledo, Ohio

* Medein U. & 4."

Pr. PD. Stubbs, dt-

 

 
 

Low Mileage Cost
High “Gas” Price.

You can equalize the high price of “gas’’ by
reducing the mileage cost of your tires.

You cannot bring down the pr'ce of gaso-
line, but you can use QUAKER TIRES.
Result: Motoring at reasonable cost.

QUAKER CITY RUBBER CO.
Factories ~Philedelphie

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

  
 
   
   
    

700 Circle

NEWARK:
Broad & Commerce Ste.

VONKERS;
1 Manor House Sq,
Tel, 4240 Yonkers.

   

Study this dissected tire. Note tha
sturdy tread, the special binder strip, the
thick, resilient cushion, the multiple
plies of Sea Island cotton duck.

   

 
 
 
    
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
    
   
    

Com-

METAL,

downward on the

nor blind the on-

New Yerk City

   
   

The tire you buy ought to be at least as good
as the money you pay—100% value.

The amount paid for a tire and the results
secured form the only real standard of cost. On
this basis, QUAKERS are

MILES CHEAPER

The saving QUAKERS effect is twofold---
excess mileage and the reduction of car upkeep
cost by the reduction of shock through tempered
rubber. And that means greater comfort for
passengers.

A single QUAKER will prove our case. Make

the test.
Nome snd ‘Sddrele cn reseet to

oes phates"

SII45

Model 86—J.0. 6. Toledo

  

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
  

  
 

  
 

     
  

oor ty

ttl sen ag ot
LLL cet HUN