THIRD SECTION
TWELVE PAGES.

T last the final week of Lent: is
here and everywhere one hears
talk of coming festivities, to
be all the gayer after these

weeks of duinese—duiness, it should
be sald, only eo far as New York city
hea been concerned. New Yorkers
have not found the Lenten season by
any means dull outside of the city lim-
its, for apparently only in cities are
religious restrictions considered bind-
ing in socia) life. There has been no
gayer season at the winter resorts th

the one now drawing to its close with
the approach of the Easter festival.

The weather man has helped im-
meneely, for the long continued cold
and snow have enhanced the charms
of the South, and have also made New
York itself far pleasanter socially than
it would have been if the usual warm
epelis of early spring had been vouch-
eufed, Even the most attractiveofcoun-
try houses have not proved irresistibly
popular so far during April, and not
for many a long year have week ends
in the city been so favored. No
hostess. worthy of the name has had
the slightest difficulty in securing the
guests she desired for Sunday lunch-
eon or dinner. No place near New
York but has been less attractive than
the city itself in weather when out of
door life has not been possible,

Again has the flower show proved
{tself an institution, a social event that
is bound to exert a great influence on
the spring season in New York and
this without having been started with
any such idea. Financially the results
have been satisfactory, socially the re-
sults have been far ahead of any pre-
conceived hopes. “All the world and
his wife” turned out, and while the
flower exhibits were wonderful the ex-
hibits of clothes and society folk were
of themselves more than worth the
price of admission. To pay heavily
for afternoon tea seemed a privilege
when one drank one’s tea in such good
company. The attendance up to the
last moment left nothing to be desired,
so that it seems as though the flower
show in April will prove as much ot
a social fixture as the Madison Square
Garden horse show in November has
been for lo. these many years.

Excitement over the Easter wed-
4ings is bound to lighten the du‘ness
of the coming week, for this is the one
week of all the year when society af-
fuirs are unfashionable, when even

charitable entertainments are aban-
doned for fasting and prayer. With so
little time left to complete the last
errangements for the weddings to Be
c ted in Easter week, there ie|
ple: to occupy the time betweer ;
church services. It is not at all
fashionable to be married during Lent,
but there have been this year two or
three weddings of note.

The Easter bride is, of course, the
important figure-on the sociab horizon

now, and all are prepared to do her
honor, while dressmakers and milliners
ere nearly distracted with the orders
that must be filled before next Sunday.
New York is full of strangers seek-
ing spring and summer outfits, and
in addition there are the New Yorkers
who heretofore at this season have
“en in the habit of ordering their
isseaux on the other side. In con-
juence the dressmakers in order to
tsty the demands of their clients
ist keep their staffs at work day
But it is all delightfully
tng and eavors of prosperity and
nsequent social activity for months
ta come,

One of the prettiest entertainments
of tie last week was the Floral Shake-
tpeare Dance given at the Plaza un-

tie auspices of the Internationa]
i Welfare League and the Na-
tonal Fruit and Flower Guild, It had

1 night,

- tear eee
a et

‘ronesses and the debutantes of the

son danced in costume,

y delightful entertainment.

25.

Vanderbilt,

/

Mrs,

ments to which society is looking for- |
ward is the tableaux vivantea of Ve-
netian pictures to be presented at the | de Diaghileff.
house of Mrs, William K. Vanderbilt, |
660 Fifth avenue, on the night of April |
The entertainment has been or-/
ganized on an elaborate scale for the |
purpose of raising a large sum in aid!
of the war sufferers of Venice, who!
have so far received little help.
William K.
Payne Whitney, Mrs. Newbold Le Roy |
Edgar, Mrs. Walter FE. Maynard and
others who will pose in the tableaux
are among the organizers of the enter-

tainment, which in the matter of ar-|
* mimber of well Known women 48) tistic detail will be very unusual.

Mrs. |

The tableaux will present celebrated |

It Was @) paintings from Cima da Conegliano
nz end to the flower show and 4/down to the eighteenth century, jn- |
‘cluding works by Carpaccio, Mantegna,

is week there is nothing of course | Re}}ini, Titian, Tiepolo and Longhi.

a rg on socially, as Holy Week is} Baron de Meyer will arrange the,
Biv » over, nominally at least, to the) tapteaux., Special scenery, furniture |
omservance of the Lenten fast, and! and costumes are being made to carry |
every one who has a country plac?} out the completeness of the pictures.

v ll he found far from New York for Mrs. Arthur Scott Burden will pose |
Ms ® next five or six days. Easter week | as st. Ursula, in the painting by Car- |

nd the numerous entertainments
f weddings scheduled to take place
“within the first ten days after Easter
enough to daunt the courage of
but the most hardened and per-
ent pleasure seeker.

“Fortune's Fete’ 1s the charming
mame selected for the annual enter-
talnment In aid of the blind and this
éeserving charity has been ane |

 

in the picture.

ister week and the cooperation of | James A, Burden Mrs.

seph H
ested in the project,
Ment is to be given on the evening of
April 26 and the guests are to be in
f-tume, whieh by this time has be-
ond nature to all of the sea-
‘utantes and society women,

J » doubt in spite of the already
Diterous costume dances and festi-
y
r

Choate, who is especially in-
The entertain-

 

 

of all kinds which have taken

“Fortune's Fete’ will produce |
nitive ly
Sich tine weather as the past week

vided has made the drooping
‘the dweller tn the country and
residents generally rise con-
and there is no longer any |

' that the garden and the coun-
j «are to play @ prominent part

il life from now on. There is!
ti of horse racing, yacht racea are
‘ready Deing arranged, and the club-
houses everywhere are crowded at
Weel ends and even in the afternoons
Wien it is possible to get in a game
of golf before dining.

Engagements continue to be an-
Pounced with astonishing regularity,
so that one almost wonders whether
there will be anybody left to play
bridesmaids and ushers. if this sort
of thing keeps up much longer. For-
tunately for society, which has been
rather devoid of interests lately, there
have been a number of good plays at
the theatres and the Russian ballet
seems to grow in interest each week.
After «ll what could be @ more de-
Ughtful way of passing one’s day than
{ attend a morning lecture on some

@

 

        
   
    
   
    
   
  

   
      
 

  
   
    
    

   
 

7 fateresting subject, lunch at Sherry’
™ : ua

csses and patrons, among them) Mrs, William K.

Mrs.

Miss
Edith Deacon.

Harry Payne

Mary Hoyt

programme.

Wiborg

I ; Alexander D. |.
many well Known and interesting pa-| BR, Pratt, Mrs. Newbold Le Roy Edgar,
J
1

Vanderbilt,

Whitney,

and

‘bring people back again to thi8| paccio, and in this tableau will be |
seen an exact reproduction of the bed,
in which the beautiful saint is shown
Mrs. Archibald Alex- |
ander will pose as Cleopatra in Ve-!
netian dress as Tiepolo painted her, An-
other tableau will be one of Giorgtone’s

Madonmas, in which Miss Barbara!
Rutherfurd will pose,
Among others who will pose are;

z y Mrs. Sydney S. Breese, Mrs. Leonard |
‘npy In securing both a date in/y¢ Thomas, Mrs. Howard Cushing, Mrs,

Mrs, |

As it is designed to raise a tevne |

and Tennis Club.

Wedding of Miss Elinor Fatman, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Morris Fatman, to Henry Morgenthau, Jr., at the home of the
bride’s parents, 23 West Eighty-first street.
TUESDAY—Lecture by Jules Bois at Sherry’s, in aid of the Perma-
nent Blind Relief War Fund for Soldiers and Sailors.
Dramatic entertainment of Hasty Pudding Club of Harvard

 

University, Hotel Astor.

Luncheon b

Mrs. Hen
Distler of
Church.

; Meeting of Junior War Relief Society at Sherry’s.
THURSDAY—Second of series of French’ conferences by Mme. Mar-
erite Chenu ‘ the Ritz-Carlton, for the benefit of the Union

rance.
FRIDAY— Walter i mena, besbeler dinner at Calumes Chas

n, me. Jeanne Rou vey a residence

helane, 89 East Thirty-sixth street.

es Femmes de

ch read
Warren

  
 
 

ot

    

spend tie afternoon at the flower show sis on the committee of arrangements,
and the evening at the Russian ballet,
or a first night at the theatre? j an

One of the post-Lenten entertaim- | mittee

is in
Among the other members of the com- | Baker,

The Sun

NEW YORK, SUNDAY, APRIL 16,

As the End of Lent Nears Society
Plans Many Easter Festivities

The Easter Brides Hold Centre of In-
terest, but Charitable Entertain-
ments Still Are Popular

members of the American committee
of the American Ambulance will prob-
ably receive.

On Thursday afternoon, May 18, the
Women's Auxiliary of the New York
Zoological Society will hold its an-
nual garden party in the Botanical
Gardens in The Bronx, which will then
be in the height of their beauty. Tea
will be served as usual in the Admin-
istration Building, and Mre. Henry
Fairfield Osborn and some of the other
members of the committee will receive,

During the last week in May Branch
1 of the Army Relief Society will give
ite annual garden party on Governors
Island. This is always one of the
picturesque affairs of the early sum-
mer and attracts scores of those in-
terested in the society's excellent
& | work. Mrs. Charles Francis Roe is
4 | the president of Branch 1 and will
| have active charge of the fete.

The indoor garden parties which
| were features of the recent Flower
Show were even more successful than
last year and in the neighborhood of
$10,000 was realized by the New York
county branch of the American Red|
Cross and its associated European
war charities from the attractive tea
garden, which was dally taxed to its
capacity with visitors. Mrs. William
Kinnicutt Draper, chairman of the
New York county branch of the Red
Croas, had Mrs. Belmont Tiffany as-
|
i

 

sociated with her as vice-chalrmes,|
and others interested in the Red Cross |
work included Mrs. Arthur Scott Bur-
den, Mrs. Newbold Le Roy Edgar, Mrs.
Leonard <A. Wood, Miss Margaret
Cameron, Mrs. Austin Baldwin, Mrs.
Bruce C‘ark, Mias E. Louise Sands,
Miss Marion Murdock, Miss Bell B.
Gurnee, Miss Ruth Draper, Lawrence
Grant White and Frederick R. King.
The various European charities all
had their committees well represented
on their respective days and each af-
ternoon and evening found a number
of young society women in costume
serving as waitresses. |

1

}

 

There will be several entertain-
ments from now on for the prospective
Easter brides and their attendants
and among them will be the luncheon

'to be given by the Marquise de San
i | Marzano on Tuesday for Miss Eliza- |
a | beth Brower Wood, daughter of Mr. |
#. [and Mrs.’ Henry A. Wise Wood, who
| will be married to John Cyrus Diatler
‘of Baltimore in the chantry of St.|
Thomas's Church on April 29: The
guests will be Miss Wood's bridal at-
tendants. On April 27 the bride-to-be
will also give a luncheon for them at
Sherry's.

 

=

Jules Bois of France will deliver
a lecture on “The Great Martyrs of
the War" on Tuesday afternoon at

* Sherry's in aid of the British, French

MRS. SYDNEY S. BREESE.

and Belgian Permanent Blind Relief
War Fund for soldiers and sailors
blinded in the war. The Rev. Dr
Ernest M. Stires, rector of St. Thomas’ |
Church, will preside, and on the recep- |
tion committee will be Mrs. Wendeli
Mrs, O. H. P. Befmont, Mrs. |
are Mrs. William Delano, Mrs,| Irving Brokaw, Mrs. Nicholas Murray |

Photo by Campbell Studios.

charge of the sale of tickets,

Philip M, Lydig, Miss Jane Wallach, | Butler, Mrs, William Disston, Mrs. T. |

Those who have not vet done their
ieaster shopping wil! find much to} Putnam,
interest them in the way of hats for
the spring and i
the sale to be held under the auspices! 4nd Mrs. R. Valentine Webster,
of Mrs.
Harry | other women
iy | Fifth avenue for the benefit of| dance to be given for debutantes at:

or
tow

Francis W. Crowninshield and Serge | Coleman du Pont, Mrs. Charles Dana |

Gibson, Mrs. Charles Greenough. Mrs. |
George J. Gould, Mra, Otto H. Kaha, |
Mrs. George A. Kessler, Mrs. James/}
Mrs. Ralph Sanger, Mre |
Preston Satterwhite, Mrs. Edward T. |

Mrs. Barclay Warburton ;

 

summer season at | Stotesbury,

After the long dull period of Lent the|

Pendleton and |
socially at,

Francis K.,
prominent

L'Orphelinat des Armees, The sale will; Sherry’s on the night of April 25 will!

begin on Tuesday and will continue | be a welcome change.
‘ for two days.
lof some of the best creations from| Who attend will wear fancy dress of
leading shops, many of the hats being
direct from Paris.

It will be a cos- |
There will be a display | tume party and it is expected that a
some kind, The dance was organized |
by mothers of debutantes last year and |

Acting as saleswomen during the | ¢Moyed much favor with the young |

sale

will be

Mrs. James W. Markoe, | People. who will be largely in evi-

Mrs. Stephen H. Olin, Mrs. William! dence, as it will probably be the last

Mrs.

Dana Gibson, Mrs. Austen Gray, Mrs, |
Theodore
Cushing,

ireenough, Mrs. Leonard M. Thomas, assembly of this

character for the |
season. '

Among the patronesses are Mrs. Rus-
Havemeyer, Mrs. Howard} *¢! H. Hoadley, Mrs. F. McNef! Bacon, |
Mrs. Goodhue Livingston, ; Mrs. Frederic Foster Carey, Mrs. Will- |

Willard Straight, Mrs. Charles

Miss Edith Wetmore and Miss Janetta !4m Pierson Hamilton, Mrs, James W. |

Alexander,

Markoe, Mrs. Thomas H, Howard, Mrs.

The proceeds will be turned over to! Charles Merrill Chapin, Mrs. Carl A.!

the New York committee of the ore | de .
ganization, of which Miss Luisita Le- | 80” and Mrs, Alvin W.
land is chairman; Mrs, J. Borden Har-
viman, vice-chairman, and Mrs. Doug-
las Robinson, secretary.

Like harbingers of summer are the!
announcements of coming garden par-
ties, and they are welcome, for these
outdoor fetes are not only picturesque
and attractive but afford variety to; the post-Lenten season.
| the social programme.

Rear Admiral Aaron Ward, U. 8. N.,
retired, and Mrs. Ward will lend their |

, . beautiful rose gardens at Willowmere,
Henry W, Bull, Mrs. W. Bourke Cock- | Roslyn, L. 1., for a benefit to be given

ran, Mrs, William K, Vanderbilt, Jr..{ for the American Ambulance Hospital
M Mrs. | of Paris on June 8. Long in the Cairns
Payne Whitney, Mrs, Otto H, Kahn, | amily, from which Mrs, Ward is de-
Miss | scended, Willowmere’s rose gardens
There will be special! pave been under cultivation for more | mittee, of which Mrs, Ijams is chair-
music by Arman Vescey's orchestra; than a hundred years, and no more | man, are the Misses Julia S. Gilbert
and several additional features not yet! beautiful spot in the neighborhood of iM. Louise Dixon
made known will be included in the | New York could be chosen for a gar- | Pauline Bacon, Roxana W. Bowen,
den party than this old estate, situated

Gersdoff. Mrs, Charles Dana Gib- |
Krech,

 

Young people of soclety are inter-
{ested in the annual dance to be given!
at Sherry's on the night of April 26,
for the benefit of Haarlem House, for-!
| merly known as the Home Garden Set- |

tlement. This entertainment has been
for several years one of the fixtures of |
While danc-:
jing will be the principal diversion,
there wil! be a room for auction bridge
for those who prefer this pastime
Mrs. Henry E. Gibb of 875 Park ave-
nue and Mrs, Horton [jams of 149 Fast!
Fortieth street are receiving applica-
tions for tickets. They are $3 each.
Tickets, including bridge, are $5,
The members of the dance

— |

com-

Frances T. Riker,

Anne B. Bradley, M. Symphorosa}

high on the cliffs above Hempstead | Bristed, Margaret H. Busk, Dorothea

new set of designs and co8-!sum by this benefit the sponsor for | Harbor,
each tableau will meet the expénse of! Sound. Mra. Robert Bacon has charge|enne M.
it personally.
he limited and the price will be $25
each,

       
         
       
         
       
     
     
     
       
       
         
   
     

the Marquise de San Marzano of 465 West End
avenue for Miss Elizabeth Brower Wood, daughter of Mr. and
A. Wise Wood, who will be married to John Cyrus
altimore, on April 29 in the chantry of St. Thomas's

 

Island | Camp, Cornelia von A, Chapin, Adri-
Iselin, Amy B. Johnson, ;

overlooking Long

The sale of tickets will | of the sale of tickets at Westbury, and| Grace H, Jenkins, Maude FE. Kahn, |
in the event of rain the gardens will |
Mrs. Walter E. Maynard, who' be shown on the following day. Some | Elizabeth McVickar, Mary |. Francke, |

SOCIETY’S CALENDAR FOR THE WEEK.
MONDAY—Edmund Pendleton Rogers, bachelor dinner at the Racquet

Florence Lincoln, Doris Mangam,
Gertrude M. Geer, Wate Wyman)
| Griffin, Lois Hall, Mary M. Harts-
horne, Mary R. Haskell, Sylvia Holt, |
| Elizabeth 8S. Howard, Isabel Stet-!
'tinius, Margaret L. Strong, Olive A. !
!'Tripp, Margaret EF. Trevor, Margaret
| R. Warren, Hope W. Williams, Natha-
‘He W. Wood, Julia R. Zabriskie, Con- |
| stance I. Chappell, Winifred W.}
'Chisolm, Catherine PD, Colt, Catharine |
V. R. Crosby, Vera A. H. Cravath,
Helen Jay Du Bois, Marion Carey |
| Dinamore, Kdith J, Farr, Margaret L, |
; Montgomery, Gertrude  l.,, Murray, |
Rita Norrie, Gertrude 1. Pardee, Con- ,
stance Peabody, Marion Perry, Ethel,
H. Simmons and Edith Sloan, |

Some of the young men who will act |
as members of the floor committee are |
Charles V. Hickox, J, Horton !jams, '
Frederick W. Kobbe, Kingsley Kun- |
hardt, Alrick H, Man, Jr, Ransom:
Noble, Johnston Redmond, Livingston
L. Short, Theron R. Strong, Alex-

3 Continued en Sccond Page.

 

 

 

 

Hah Bt: (Brsan):

 

 
   

“Spring Shopping
Army Strikes
New York”

Thus runs the head-
line of a newspaper ar-
ticle on the extraordi-
nary influx of visitors to
New York.

The article says that the
out-of-town women are find-
ing the shops just as attrac-
tive as the Paris shops, and
that “everything is so
cheap.”

All of which {fs true; and
the article might have gone
on to say—

(1) That Abraham and Seraus is
one of the greatest of the Met-

ropolitan stores; and well
deserves its title

The Store
Accommodating

That it is less than TWENTY
MINUTES by Subway Ex-
ss from the HOTEL CEN-
RE to the A. & S. Private
Subway Station at sor Se.
(Second stop in Broo ve),
with entrance UNDER
SHELTER to the Store.

That, in spite of its accessi-
bility, it lies OUTSIDE of the
arent zone; because of
which, and for other reasons,
ite prices are LOWER than
those of the Manhattaa stores
for goods of equal quality.

That its magnificent Spring
stocks are rich in whatever
is new and desirable in Mil-
linery, Women’s and Chil-
dren’s Apparel, Silks and
Dress Goods, Home Furnish-
ings, and whatever else may
-be demanded from a great,
modern store.

We shall welcome visitors
to New York in

Brooklyn’s Greatest Store

to prove all these things for
themselves during this most
important shopping week
before Easter.

And there is more to be
said:

Brooklyn, with its fine
transportation system, is
open to the country, just as
the country is open to
Brooklyn. Each new Sub-
way link brings more people
to live in Brooklyn and its
environs, and thus helps
to build up this fast-growing
borough.

There may still be some
pessimists who complain
that the Subways take peo-
ple--and business— AWAY
from Brooklyn. They com-
plained, too, when the
Brooklyn Bridge was opened
in 1883, and with each new
bridge that spanned the
East River.

These quite ignore the
fact that just as rapidly as
these means of communica-
tion have increased, Brook-
lyn has grown and Brooklyn
business has grown,

This Store has proved to
its own satisfaction that
Brooklyn people are in-
creasingly in the habit of
doing their shopping in
Brooklyn, where they can
find splendid, full, modern
stocks, at lower-than-New
York prices; and that more
Manhattan people, every
day, are following this wise
lead, and ccming to Brook-
lyn to shop.

So it behooves Brooklyn
to be alert and progressive;
to make its hotels, its
amusements, as well as its
stores, SO attractive as not
only to hold our own Brook-
lyn people, but to draw
others from Manhattan, the
Bronx, New Jersey and
Westchester!

(3)

(4)

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS. |
Renney rer _050e0e ee eee

vy
iy

®
1916.—copyrigat, 1916, dy the Bun Printing end Publishing Association.

TEE

Great Easter. Sale of
Trimmed and Untrimmed Hats

Ostrich Feathers—Goura—Paradise—Flowers

This sale marks a climax in wonderful Millinery value-
ving. Every article in the enormous collection represents
etter quality than similar goodness is priced elsewhere.

Ready cash and unlimited quantities purchased create

the advantages which customers reap.

12,000 Untrimmed Hats at Concessions
$1.50 and $2 Hats $3 Hats $5 Hats

98c. $1.59 $2.95
$00 dozen fine hemp! Hats of Swiss Milan; Fine Milan hemp
hate in large and me-|hemp, medium and) iets, al hand-blocked.

large sailors, with wide

dium sailor shapes in| enges; tricornes, quat-

These are copies and

Also turbans. and. te-| round hats: |" [Adaptations of he lates
cornes; well-made mod-| In pink, old roee,| Paris model Hats {n

pongee, sand, grey,

els in black, white, tan, green, old blue, navy
ro’

navy, soldier blue, palm, wn and black and| Paris thought. Wide
pongee and peach. white. color range.

2,000 Exquisite Trimmed Hats at $4.95, $6.95, $8.95 and $12

They are the wonderful ‘“Modiste-Made” Hats, created by our expert
artistes in our own workrooms—fashioned oo of imported straws and
trimmings—copying Paris Hats to the final detail.

Every Hat in the collection is worth $5.00 to $7.00 more than Monday's
price. Mezzanine gnd Street floors, East Butlding.

Women’s $20 Silk Dresses

Very Special in This Easter Sale
Silk Taffeta, Appropriate Models

Silk Crepe de Chine, $ 1 2.98 for Afternoon,

Crepe Meteor, Satin. Street and Sport Wear.

One hundred and fifty dresses in all, they are such models as you would
in the regular order of things expect to find for $20. Smart, with an ex-
clusiveness of style foreign to any but high-priced models.

Dresses there are that are as correct for street wear as for more exacting
afternoon occasions. Of these is a model of silk taffeta in combination
with Jeanette crepe. :

A long over-tunic is gracefully panniered at the hips, below a semi-
ctted basque bodice of charmingly youthful mode. Jeanette crepe forms
the sleeves and the dainty over-collar.

Other models with accordion-pleated skirts and bodices, or flaring
in other fashions. Navy blue, black, rose, Havana brown and Copen-
chagen. A full size range for women.

every beautiful style of

Second floor, Central Building.

Women’s Man-Tailored Suits

In Distinctive Designs—Remarkable at
Braid-bound Specializing

Wonderfully Tailored, in the Most-Wanted
Elegantly Lined. $24. 73 Nagy Blue Serge.

The smartest suit a woman could secure to-day made by the most
exclusive tailors, whose prices begin at $100, would be a model of which
these are adaptations, fashioned in braid-bound, almose mannishly tailored
styles, and in a rich navy blue.

This event has been planned to come in time for Easter choosing—
every model in the collection is a man-tailored suit—fitted on ideal figures
for every size.

There are flaring styles, side or back in a dozen ways of expression-
stralge line Suits and loose-flaring ones. A full range of women's sizes.

thers in the assortment at $24.75 include wool poplin, gabardine,
unfinished worsted, whipcords, alpaca, etc.

| 300 Women’s Suits at $9.50

Youthful models and more matronly styles in serge, poplin, gabar-
dine and shepherd checks; the coats silk lined. All sizes.

Second floor, Central Building.

$1.49 All-Silk Crepe de Chine, $1.12 Ya.

The most practical silk for summer wear. An excellent lustrous
grade, absolutely all silk, that sells here regularly at $1.49. Splendid
assortment of street and evening shades; also black; 40 inches wide.

89c. Dress Poplin, 59c. Yd. | Coin Spot Foulard, $1.49 and
Lustrous finigh poplin, made of | $1.98 Yd.

 

 

 

fine grade of silk with a cotton cord Polka dot and coin spot foulards
filling. Good wearing quality, splen- | that are very fashionable; navy

did colors; 36 inches wide. and black grounds; 40 inches wide.

Chiffon cloth, Georgette crepe, voile ninon, marquisette, etc. Un-
excelled variety of shades——choose in the Daylight Silk Store—98¢c. to $1.98.

White Washable Semi-Made Corduroy Skirts, $2.79

Street floor, Livingston street, West Building.

$1.49 Black French Serge, $1.15 Yd.
All wool, 54 inches wide; black fast dye; firm weave.
98c. Black Taffeta, 79c. Yd. | 98c. Black Spotproof Pru-
nella, 780. Yd.

All wool, 42 inches wide;
black.

 

fast
Imported, 42 inches wide; bril-
liant, lustrous quality; firmly woven,

all wool.

$1.59 Navy Blue Imperial Serge, $1.24 Yd.
54 inches wide, with a smooth, even twill. Warranted fast dye.

$1.75 Silk and Wool Faille 75c. All Wool Dress Goods,
Francaise, $1.12 Yd. 59c. Yd.
Street floor, Livingston street, West Bullding

69c. 45-in. Silk Embroidered | 36-in. Sport Skirtings, 59c.

Flouncings, 49c. On fine mercerized gabardine,

Oxford cloth and basket weaves.

For Monday only, and store S f th fabri a aesed

: ‘ ‘14: | Some of these fabrics are offere

orders only. Dainty silk embroid- | elsewhere as high as 7Sc. yard.
ery on fine white voile. Full color | Every new stripe and color effect

assortment. is here.

These items to be found in our "Cotton Goods Novelty Store.”
Street floor, West Building.

Curtain Nets, I5c, 25c and 35c Yd.

One-Third to One-Half Below Regular

This is the second shipment of a large fine purchase of drapery nets
from an important mill in Pennsylvania. It comes just in time to make
fresh, pretty summer curtains for town or country homes. Filet and madras
weaves in white, ivory, two-tone, ecru and Arabs, in a wide range of pat-
terns—an exceptional bargain.

Low Prices on Summer Curtains
Nottingham Lace and Scrim Curtains in pretty patterns
49c. a pair, from $1. $1.89 a pair, from $3.
Scotch Madras Curtains, imported, $4.89 pair; regi:larly $12 and more.
10,000 yards Cretonne, 18¢., 25¢. and 38&c. a yard.
10,000 yards Cretonne-covered Chair and Porch Cushions, 98¢. each.

Large Cedar Chests, Special $8.75
Fine places to store winter clothing; handsome additions to the furnish-
.ings of the bedroom and good window seats.
42 inches long, well built and finished; brass trimmings, strong lock
and casters. The price, $8.75, is very spevial.
Other Cedar Chests and Boxes, 96.95, 811.45, $11.95 to $45.
Third floor, Central Building.

  
  

 

 

—_——————

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS.
OO eee

 

 

 
 

 

lee de hed

Society Plans Easter Gayety—The
Theatres, Opera, Concerts and Recitals
Gardening Notes—Poultry—Fashions

 

 

 

Se a nO Oe
BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS.
Renn nae eee

   

   

Other Monday Bargains.

Young Women's New Suits,
$11.98 and $12.98. Sizes 14, 16

and 18 years
Second floor, Central Bldg.

Women's Silk and Covert

Coats, $14.95, $19.95 and $24.95.
Second floor, Central Bldg.

5,000 Boxes of Writing Paper,
25c. a box, of 24 sheets and 24

envelopes to match.
Street floor, Fulton st.. Kast Bidg.

Women's “Handkerchiefs, of
Shamrock Lawn and all Linen,

121 4c. each.
Street floor, Central Bldg.

2,300 Men's Fancy Shirts, our
regular 69c., 79c. and 94c. grades,
at 59¢. each.

Street floor, Fulton st.. East Bldg.

Solid Gold Rings, $2.89 to
$10.65 kinds, to sell at $1.94 and

$2.94,
Street floor, Central Bldg.

New $1.00 Corsets, 69c.
Second floor, Fulton st., Fast Bldg.

Ostrich Feather Boas, 20 to 27

inches long, $1.49 to $4.98.
Street floor, Fulton st , Central Bidg.

$4.89 Black Pin-Seal Hand
Bags, $3.96.
Street floor, Fulton st.. Central Bide.

Men's Pure Wool or Worsted
Suits, $12.50. Regular and stout
sizes.

Second floor, Men‘s Shop, East Bidg.

Women's Fibre Silk Boot Stock-
ings, 29c.apair. Store orders only.
Street floor, Fulton st., Central Bldg.

Women's Fine Ribbed Bleach-
ed Cotton Combinations, 29c.
Store orders only.

 

Street floor, Fulton st., Central Bldg.

Hardy Three-year-old Holland
Grown Rose Bushes, 19¢c. each.
Bubway floor, East Bldg.

Full Size Bedspreads, $1.89
each. Mill “hurts’’ keep them

from bearing their regular prices.
Subway floor, West Bldg.

$2.25 Cut Glass Compotes,$1.89,
Subway floor, Central Bldg.

$1.30 Sterling Silver Photo-
graph Frames, $1.00. Store or-
ders only.
Street floor. Central Bldg.

69c. Stamped Crepe Kimonos
and Nightgowns, 55c.
Art Needlework Store, 24 fl., West Bg

Bleached Muslin Sheets, 2x29
yards, 39%c. each.

Bubway floor, West Bldg.

White and Natural Color Linen
Suiting, 18 to 90 inches wide, 19c.
to $3.50 a vard.

Street floor, Livingston st, East Bldg

19¢. White Stripe Crepe Voiles,
12'.c. a yard.

Street floor, Livingston at., Cen‘! Bg.

Mild Havana Blend Cigars,
box of fifty, worth $3.00, at $1.59.
Street floor, Men's Shop, Fast Bldg

25c. Fast Black Mercerized
Sateen, 16c. a yard. 36 inches: wide,
Street floor, Livingston st., Cen'l Bg

Dainty Colored Voile Flounc-
ings, easily worth 69c¢., Monday
at 49c. a yard.

Street floor, Center, Central Bldg

Japanese China Tea Set, 17
pieces, 95c. a set.

Subway floor, Central Bldg

All Linen hemmed Huckaback
Towels, 20c.

Street floor, Livingston «t . East Bldg

Tools for home and garden at
low prices.
Subway floor,

East Bidg.

24c. Montauk Chocolate Plan-
tations, 19¢. a Ib.
Street floor, Central Bldg

Boys’ Norfolk Suits, $4.89,
Sizes 7 to 17 years

Second floor, Livingston st. East Bg

$5.94 and $7.94 Taffeta Silk
Parasols, $4.89.

Street floor, Fulton st., Central Bldg

John J. Clark's Soft Finish
Spool Cotton, 200 yards, white
and black, numbers 40 to 70,
heretofore 30c. a dozen, at 25c.
Street floor, Livingston st., Cen | Be

$2.50 Fumed Oak Tabourettes,
$1.95.
Fourth floor, Fast and Central Bldg

White Thibet Scarfs, $2.95.
Second floor, Fulton st, Central Bg

_ Women's White Lambskin
Gloves, one-clasp style, 98e.
Street floor, Court, West Bldg

Silk Jersey-Top Petticoats with
taffeta silk flounce, $1.89. Store
orders only.

Second floor

Women's — Polka-Dot
Dressing Sacques, 39%¢.
Second floor, East

Kast Bldg

Lawn

Bide

 

Drugs and Toilet Need:

Cascarets,  2he ustialliy 1b
ut tie
A. & S&S Beef, bron and Wine, to oz
bottle usually te. at oe
Seidlitz Powder, 24 papers in bos
usually Yle at ive
ae Prophyslaetuon  exeetlernt
mouth wast usually dea tie
Pure Gum Campos. thos visually
ote. at ise
Street floor Livinystous! boast Wide

Priscilla Brand Hams,

size

 

19¢c. lb.
A sensational price for the
sweetest, fenderest, most de-

licious Hams, averaging in weigh:
from 8 to 12 pounds, and care-
fully wrapped to insure cleanh-
ness {n handling; but you pay
for meat only. Limit of one ham
to a customer.

Mail and phone orders
Deliveries during the weeh
Vhird floor West) Building

filled

 

  
 

    

 
 

 

Semen Cry

 

   
  
  
   
  
   
   
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
    

|
|
|
|

Serer