|

  

Roses Hardy Ever-BHlooming
Bundle of siz best and most dis-
tinet varieties, $1.00.
Spencer Sweet Peas
All. the most beautiful shades
: % Ib, 26c (sufficient for 50
+. fow.)
Nasturtium, Tall or Dwarf
Ver uz.. 10c.; 46 Ib. 300
Gladiolus Bulbe

Finest American Hybrids, 25c.
@oz.; 50 for $1.00. America, the
best shell pink, 5¢ dez.. 50 for $1.25

Lawn Grass Seed

Pe

       
   
         
   
     
     
       
   
     
   
       
      

All the Above Prepald Parce! Post
Write, call of tslephone now for
our copy of our hancsomety tilus
ted catalogue, full of practical
directions and valuable information
on garcenin=, free on application

TT BoddingionG

  

 

| ‘THE CARDINAL CLIMBER |

na ° oe
fhe MOST Beautiful NOVELTY

in Annual Vines
Whoever first sees this glorious Vine tn
Bloom stands entranced and MUST HAVE
WB, The brauches are literally covered with
a blaze of ery seariet trumpet shaped
flowers, borne in clustere of 3.5. The foliage
fa finely cut ferniike, of a vivid green. This
Vine is a rapid grower, of easiest cultiva-
tion, attains “0 to 30 ft. in season, lasting

from early summer to frosts
The NEWEST thing for your Verandah,
Bells window boxes, or wherever BEAUTY

Is wanted. Pt. 19 cts; 3 for 25 cta,
| DOUBLE FLOWERING COSMOS '
Through years of HYBRIDIZING this
New Cosinos haus been evolved in England

The flowers are enormous, 4-5 Inches
f@cross, in all shades from white, rose to
ruby red

You al! know how easily COSMOS [fs
rown, and hew delightful for CUT lowers
VHY net erow t! GUANT wort instead of
wasting tine on the OLD SMALL flowers?
Trial pkt.. S ote: Large pkt, 1 ets.

HW. U. BERGER € CO.,,
70 Warren st., New York,

—-~—-~ - —— --—— =

  

PLAN YOUR

HARDY GARDEN NOW

A garden that will last for sears and be
@delight to you and your neighbors

A Palisade Hardy Border

fs a triumph of beanty, enjoyed for years —

Hollyhocks, Larkspur. box (ilove, Phlox,
Iris, Pinks. Columbines, Peonies, Sun-
flowers, and hundreds of other varieties
arranged acvording to size and color, And

#0 inexpensive! For example A border 100
fe long and 4 fect wide. containing Between
Y and 400 plants, costs less than 625.06,
Smaller border in proportion or be. per sq. ft.
Plan Book aul illastrated Catalogue
@ent for 1c, Credited on your tirst order.
PALISADES NURSERIES, INC,
Sparkill, Rockland @o,, N.Y.

Sonat

x Rie
QUALITY FERTILIZERS
GARDEN SIZED PACKAGES

‘ sRADE © MICAL VORMULA
HIGH GRADE CHE 1the bine sald.

     

O44

6% Ammonia- 6% Phosphoric
Acid--i% Artual Potash
Top-dreasing lawns,

 

 

tables, Flower ue te 81
SITRATE OF SOE?
werful stimulant for any.
form of Plait Lit: lhe
tENUINE KUVEAN GUANO

kK
‘orld’s best Natural Fertilizer
In demand by Gardeners and

 
 
 
 

   

|

 

{ the bark of graft and limb as in sketch
} 6.

r YX

ECHOES

inches long and about one-quarter of
an inch thick at the base. Starting
about an inch and a half from the
base or thick end, bevel it to a tapered
edge. Then cut away more wood

able, tamping it down in three or four
inch layers. If possible, spread a lit-
tle gravel or sand over the new fill,
which should be made slightly higher
than the adjoining road surface. If
from one side of the edge until the|the drainage is kept in good cond:-
result shown in sketch 4 is obtained, tion serious mud holes will rarely
Figs. D, E and section F. Refer to Fig. | develop.
D. X is the thin edge, Y is the thick; Earth or gravel roads are best
edge. Fig. E is merely a different | trexted with a drag. Do not be afraid
view of the bevelled graft. Fig. F, a| of dragging too often during the rainy
section, shows result desired. Side of! spell. A thin coat of sand or gravel
graft at Y is thicker and has more! spread over the road surface when it
bark left on it than side at X. Be sure! has been softened by rain will be
to cut the grafts as in sketch 4, as that! worked in by traffic. A liberal use of
is the real secret in successful graft-! the drag greatly improves a poor earth
ing. | road.

Sketch 5. Insert graft H in open-| Sand roads give least trouble during
ing made by wedge, having the thick! wet weather. Anything that will pre-

particles on these roads will be valu-
able. The addition of clay furnishes a
good binder on sandy roads and is
feally the best treatment.

Immediate attention to small in-
juries on roads will prevent later pro-
longed attention and extensive repairs.

 

 

| ECHOES OF THE FLOWER SHOW.

The Flower Show closed Wednes- |
day night and from an artistic stand-
point was a great success. Judging
from the crowds the attendance was
ahead of last year, but we have not
received the official report.

On Tuesday, Apri] 11, a very re-
markable orchid, a cattleya, with 156
flowers was exhibited by R. D. Foote,
Morristown, N. J.; J. K. Lindbury,
gardener.

There was but one display of bulbs
arranged as a Dutch garden and the
prize, $250, was won by the John
Scheepers Company of New York.

The Julius Roehrs Company alone
exhibited and won first prize in a class
of orchids covering 200 square feet,
probably the finest exhibit of orchids
displayed at any show in this country.

The rose gardens Wisplayed by F. R
Pierson Company, A. N. Pierson, Inc.,
Bovbink & Atkins and Julius Roehrs
Company covered 2,000 square feet of
floor space, They were wonderfull)
beautiful exhibits.

 

 

edge (Y) of graft outside. Push graft
we!l down into the opening and match

 

The sap flows through the inner
! bark of the limb, and the graft to
| grow must be so placed that its bark!
‘and the bark of the limb will match} In the cui roses class collection:
as in sketches 6 and 6. This will allow] of from 500 to 1,000 flowers were ex-
the sap as it rises in the main limb | hibited and the chief award was cap-
| to flow right into the ceils of the scion ; tured by A. N, Pierson, Tne.

and thus cause it to grow, Sketch 6| Willlam Sim, Cliftondale, Mass., se-
shows quite clearly the relative posi-| cured the largest number of awards
tics of bark on limb and bark on| in the sweet pea class, Other first
prize winners were A. M. Jackson

 

scion,
| Insert another graft at the other) Summit, N. J.; John M. Barker, Mor-
| side of opening in limb, so that if one| ristown, N. J., and E, M, Eisenhart,
| dies, you have the other remaining. If| Torresdale, Pa.
—

both live (and they should if set ac- |
7

! cording to directions) cut off one Now that the 1916 Flower Show is
‘them. over, proving as great or a greate:
| After setting both grafts remove the | Success than any of the former shows
wedge and the split in the limb will credit should be given to the men whu
close, pinching the grafts firmly. Here worked to make the Flower Show an
is where the beveling off the sides, of annual event when others thought the
‘the graft (Y thick and X thin) shows | success of the undertaking doubtful.
| its worth, As the split in the limb, It was a question whether it was
, closes it pinches the thick edge of the | advisable to hold a show this year or
ataft very hard. This is the point|not, in view of the fact that the Na-
i where the sap is going to flow and the tional Flower Show was to be held in
‘tirmer the grip is at this point the | Philadelphia. Some of the conserva-
| better are the chances for success, as tive members of the New York Horti-
j the sap, not being able to leak out at | cultural Society and New York Florists
this joint on account of the tight fAt,|Club were of the opinion that two
| is forced right into the graft. jshows could not be successfully held
Cutting the grafts with this bevel is|in cities so near together and at about
a very important thing and very few the same date. Harry A, Bunyard,
Sunderstand it. In ordinary grafting! Frank H. Traendly, Julius Roehrs, F.
| with plain wedge or chisel point grafts|1.. Atkins, W. R. Plerson and some
a large percentage of the grafts never | others so strongly supported the idea
start to grow. When the grafts are cut | that the Flower Show should be held
| as above, Sketch No. 4, !t is a rare | every year in New York that the cau-
i thing to have one die. | tlous and doubting members of the two
| After the grafts are set tn the limb organizations took courage and their
‘and the wedge is withdrawn rub the combined enthusiastic efforts resulted
| angers well with the tallow to prevent in the best flower show America has
{the wax from adhering to them and: ever seen.

 

vent the free movement of the sand;

Florists $1. 1.54
ONE MEAL—-Raw and
Lawne Pr po
{OSPHATE
Combina-
tion of Phosphoric Acid and
‘ Be ie

me ...... i
Postaxe or Expressage prepaid.
LSO PACKED IN 25, 50, 100 DB, BAGS,
ight ped on all orders of $10 and above
We sole cally from Wholesale Seeds
@en and Florists, Macys, Wanamaker’a and
braham & Straus (Brooklyn’ and all Seed
Oures carry Our mater Wholesale and
retail prices gladlvy given over Celephone—
BROAD 2784.) Write for booklet
¢
NITRATE AGENCIES GOMPANY
(Garden Dept.)
194 Pear! st, N. &.
qowX-——---— -

INGEE
Sturdy

 

 
   
        
       
     
     

   

10 Best Varieties, $1
Postpaid. Safe Arrival Gansenteod
tect Gens are Me tuce "or Fe Seabees

. . Pot , may be
Sie. First size, “ postpaid: 2-year-old plants,
by express.

Bry item Wifkktuess Senet
SDineee a dost (Crimeond
; piak asd white
stile Sede othe Bonet
Will_also send a copy of “Our

to Rose Culture,’’ Free.
THE DINGEE & CON. COMPANY
% @ ra

288
Betablished 1439. Bez

    

hurdy a
uties, eve
tion."

    

     

 

For $1.00

1 Will Send You Prepaid

100 Gladioli Bulbs

or 12 assorted Dahiia Roots, or
50 Gladioll Bulbs and 6 Dahila

 

SPECIAL

moffering of 29 Gladioll Bulbs
mailed on receipt of 25c.

WILLARD SKILLING

x= ROSES |

{limb with a cap of the grafting wax as
jin Sketch No. 7, Fig. J. Work it down
jover the edges; pinch it close up
| around the bases of the grafts; put it
‘on the sides of the limb so as to com-
| pletely cover the split where the graft
jand limb unite, This wax serves
| merely to keep out water and air.
Fig. KX in Sketch No. 7, shows how the
ax is placed on the side of the limb.
The job is done. The operation can
E repeated on the other limbs and as

|w

many more as desired, but for be-
ginners it is safer not to cut too
much off of the tree until experience
shows that the work has been done
correctly, This is learned from ob-
serving the work as the season ad-
vances.

Occasionally during the summer ex-
amine and smooth the wax back into
place if it shows a tendency to crack
or peel off. Otherwise, all there is to
'do is to watch things grow. In three
| years fruit will be produced.

 

| PERENNIALS.

Repienish the stock of perennials
from seed. Maybe it does take more
werk and patience than to buy plants,
but the joyful feeling of having raised
a beautiful and promising family of
children each year will be the reward.

I plant perennial eeeds in May
just Hke annuals, instead of wait-
ing until August, @s many seeds-
men suggest, Plant in the garden bed,
the seed bed, or each variety in sep-
arate boxes filled with very fine earth,

MARCH AND APRIL PRIZE
AWARDS.

Five prizes were offered each month
for the best letters received during
Webruary, March and April. Wirst
prize, $15 worth of seeds, plants or
trees, selected at retail prices from the
catalogue of any dealer advertising in
THe Sun. Second prize, $10 worth
of goods of the same kind, to be se-
lected in the same manner, Third
prize, $7.50 worth, to be selected in
the same manner. Fourth and fifth
prizes, $5 each, to be selected in the
same manner.

February awards:

G. 8. Olmsted, Towaco, N. J., first
prize.

Godfrey Ogren, Hartford, Conn., sec-
ond prize.

Ella Porter McKinney,
N. J., third prize.

Kelle Maltby, New York city, fourth
prize.

Mrs, Wilson G. Smith, Lakewood,
Ohio, fifth prize.

March awards:

Arthur C, Clapp, Tompkinaville, N
Y., first prize.

Mrs. Mary E.
N. J., second prize.

Emilie R. Walter, Richville, N.
third prize.

Walter E. Boyd, Red Bank, N. J.,
fourth prize.

M, S. Duncan, Brooklyn, N. Y., fifth
prize.

April awards will be made early in
May.

Madison,

Stowell, Plainfield,

Yn

pate ‘ : ne sr a
,
.

THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1916.

The plante will stand freezing late in| berries, and may therefore be carried
the season but will not stand being} by any of these plants.
covered during warm weather. | The white pine blister rust and 90

| per cent. of the tree infections now in
WANT BEDDING COMBINATIONS.

| North America came from one Ger-
man nursery.

With the first warm days of spring Our Western forests of white pine,
most women are eager to get outdoors.
Spring cleaning can wait a few days

at a very conservative estimate, are

valued at more than $250,000,000, and
when women want to dig or rearrange
the garden. i

if the disease spreads these forests will

be endangered.
There are several kinds of women |

 

 

 

 

' who love flowers. There is the woman | GLADIOLI.
; who does not like to soil her hands, ”
although she loves flowers, whom I By H. EF. MEADER.

call the Florist Flower Woman. If lect
her buy her flowers, but she does not
get ono of mine. Then there is the
woman who does her digging with a
trowel. She never will have a gar-! acclimated require no special coddlin
bi es
den, but as she enjoys herself and the | to produce
good results.
fresh air, so I wilt not interfere. Gladioli ire beautiful in all forms,
It is the woman who digs with 4) yen the most common varieties are
bse iam on War hi bagged - attractive and words fail to picture the
phere o p 8 1s, 9 CaN! beauty of the modern large flowering
have GIVUraA leet aniita Vert Gop eine forms, in shades and colors hitherto
7 ~ | unknown.
ter, and find the first green leaves of shamans of the new hybrids, under
the delphiniums and the bright tips 1 cultivati { ; t
of the peonies, the chestnut brown of | B00" See eae ane ee ee ee
the astilbe %6 whom I appeal Aa five to six inches in diameter, in every
each plant is uncovered she feels again nee cad tr hue, even to the rare yel-
the thrill as when the snowdrops and | OW 2nd blue tints. Many of the most
crocuses wore first discovered 'popular varieties were originated by
Tulips and hyacinths are beautiful,  Vartetn ee x
but they do not steal into one's affec-| ‘ond en wuCl Sup ae teal ree
tions like the snowdrops, crocuses and| ik; Peace, giant white; Panam,
scillas. rose pink; Niagara, soft yellow; Mrs.

 

 

I would like the women who garden| "rank Pendleton, orchid flowering;
with the spade to tell some of the|/lue Jay, blue, with white throat,
pretty combinations of flowers they | Mrs. Francis King, flame scarlet;

grow. Princeps, amaryllis flowering; Roches-
an managed two lovely combinations | ter White, purest white, and the mar-
last year; one for spring was a short | vellous new race of ruffled or wavy
border, thirty inches by ten feet, of; Petilled varieties originated by an In-
German iris and Oriental poppies. Th: | “ana hybridist are all American pro-
poppies were the old fashioned bright | ductions, unexcelled In regal beauty.
red; the iris were La Tendresse, a} The long spikes of buds, cut when
lovely shade of pale blue, also a light | the first flowers expand and placed
yellow iris, the name of which has)! Water, will continue blooming atone
been lost. The glowing scarlet, the! the stem to the very topmost bud
sray blue and the yellow made a show | lasting at least a week. As the lowe
that was equal to the colored plates in, lowers fade they should be detached
he seed catalogues. | thus keeping the flowering stems fres!
My other combination was a corner | and attractive.
yo pink anemones, Queen Charlotte) The outdoor cultivation of gladioli +:
ind Desmodium with clumps of ehrys- | Simple, as they are the easiest of al’
inthemums planted in front, composed | Summer flowering bulbs to grow. Nx
? opimson rose, autumn glow and the; Mere care is required than is nece.-
leep red Indian. This corner con- | 54° to produce a good bed of nas
tained every shade of silvery rose to} turtiums
the darkest crimson. The original cost} The bulbs may be planted as sour
was $3.75 for the spring bed and $3.50 | 48 the frost is well out of the ground
for the autumn bed, both growing A sunny loeation with light) soil
more beautiful every vear excellent, although good results are
I trust other garden sisters will state | obtained in heavy soil by adding
their experiences for the benefit of handful of sand before covering
‘those like myself who wish to improve | Dulbs

 

 

 

is

 

|
their gardens.-:K. V. Harvey, Con-| 1) light soil. plant five or six inches
necticut. , deep, and four or five inches in heavy
ca caheieets 7 {soil and the plants will then requir:
DISINFECTION OF SEED POTA. | "” staking: the roots will be cooler
; and resist drought better than when

TOES. planted shallower.

- —_— Gladioli adapt themselves to most
The treatment of seed potatoes with any locality, but a rich garden spot

formaldehyde or with corrosive sub-
timate has been recommended for
many years as a preventive of scab.
and other diseases carried on the
tubers,

Such treatment is, on the whola,
profitable, but has several limitations
which should be clearly recognized to
prevent disappointment, according to
the specialists of the United States
Department of Agriculture. Only sur-
face infections are reached by this!
method. It is only partially effective
against deep pits of common scab.
Formaldehyde is less effective than
corrosive sublimate against the black
| lerotia or resting bodies of rhizoc-
tonia or russet scab and against
| powdery scab. Neither chemical as
used will destroy silver

will produce a better quality of flow-
ers.

Almost any
with good

fertilizer can be used
results, if not allowed to
come in contact with the bulbs. If
commercial phospates are used they
should be mixed with the soil tn the
bottom of the drill by the use of a
rake or hoe, before the bulbs are
planted

The blossoms appear in 80 to 90
days and to produce a succession of
bloom until frost, plantings should be
made every two weeks until July 1.

After the flowering season, when the
foliage turns yellow, usually in Octo-
ber, the bulbs may be dug, the tops
eut off close to the bulbs and after

| drying somewhat in the open air, they

| ordinarily
; scurf,

free from frost, until the next spring.
| The formaldehyde treatment con-

The five points necessary for suc-
eessful gladioll culture are: 1. A good
garden soll, 2. Sunny location
3. Rather deep planting. 4. Surface
soil loosened occasionaliy. 5. Weeds
kept down. The observation of these
tive points will enable the cultivator

-1,000 fe Pe 2 hours. Dis- :
ee ea pan oe Ss pan in hot to produce an abundance of beautiful
water and ailute to 168 wa)ions “This flowers and to keep the vitality in the
ta! dcaiiy ‘pelaon Use * th rant bulbs necessary to enable them to pro-
care Tt must also be kept ‘in wood, } ice Korgeous flowers each succeeding
are, st als of

s er
porcelain or glass vessels, as it attacks SUmme!

  

Gladioll were never more beautiful
never so cheap. Every one with a
sunny spot in the yard should have a
bed of gladioll.

metal. It ts more effective than for-
maldehyde, particularly against rhizoc-
tonia and powdery scab, Do not use
the same solution more than three
times, as the strength diminishes with
each lot of potatoes soaked.

GOVERNMENT CROP REPORT.

.

BRINGING BACK THE BIRDS.

 

 

, W. A. Mead, a florist, of Carme!,

N. Y., in a letter published in a trade
paper, says:

“For years T have maintained a
goodly number of bird houses for th:
use of my little feathered friends and
every year am obliged to put up more
to accommodate new tenants.

“There seems to be a wrong impres-
sion in regard to the number of species
of birds that will occupy bird houses
So far as I know, there are but five
namely, bluebird, house wren, purple

martin, house or English sparrow anid
1 | European gtarling, the first three being
‘| native, and the last two Introduced

age April 1 condition, 90 per cent | species. The bluebird and house wren
United State Condition April 1 this | #"¢ among our commonest birds, while

year, 87.8 per cent.; ten year average ne Ene oe route Pooh eee
April 1 condition, 89.9. n a BNE ¢ f SIALe Hay

declared that both the English spar-

a y row and the European starling are un-
o main ee ee | desirable foreigners and may be killed

; at any time. I am sorry, for IT like
the Indications @ that e planting re
indications ar mat, the plantl them both, especially the latter, and

A summary of the April crop report
for the State of New York and for the
United States is as follows: |

WHEAT.

New York State—Condition April 1,
this year, 91 per cent. of normal; ten
ycar average of condition figures for |
April 1, 89 per cent.

United States—-Condition April 1,
this year, 73.3 per cent.; ten year av-
erage April 1 condition, 87.3 per cent.

RYE.

New York State—Condition April

thls vear, 94 per cent.; ten year aver-

 

FROM THE RECENT FLO

|
|

|

should be stored tn a cool, dry place, |

be

would be the sole occupants, no matter | elder, Golden Leaved;

if it had fifty compartments.

“The bluebird is also a ‘scrapper’
but not so pugnacious as the little
wren. The bluebird lays five eggs
and raises two broods a year. The
house wren lays from six to cight eggs
and raises two or three broods a year.
The purple martin lays five or six eggs
and raises one brood a year. The Eng- |
lish sparrow lays from four to six eges
and will ralse a brood every six weeks
through the spring and summer. The
Kuropean starling lays five eggs ore
raises two broods a year. !

“I place my bird houses on top of |

 

American grown gladioli bulbs are) yellow locust posts, about six inches |
considered superior to the imported, |
as they are firmer, harder and less|above ground, and at the foot plant | was from 10 to 20 degrees below zero,
Hable to disease, and being thoroughly | roses,

in diameter and about twelve feet |
Dorothy Perkins, pink and!
white, also crimson ramblers, thus |
making the posts serve a double pur- |
pose. Birds will find the houses if)
placed in trees, although for the pur- |
ple martin it is better to place them
away from trees and in fully exposed
places, Also they should be consider- |
ably elevated; twenty feet or more |
would not be too high.” |
MY CROCUS BED.

About ten years ago in the fall in}
our lawn in a city in southern New |
Iingland two hundred crocus bulbs
were set out, but that fall wes fol-
lewed by a very severe winter, and
in the spring when a riot of blossoms
was expected all to be seen were two
poor little plants with a leaf or two
each which came up for two or three
springs but never a blossom.

Not discouraged, however, the next
fall when the bulbs were pianted a
hed about ten feet long and four wide
was made and covered during the
winter with a thick mat of oak leaves
to keep out the frost. The flowers
have amply repaid the little troub-e
sech fall of lghtly sprinkling fertil- |
ver over the bed and then covering it |
vith leaves.

Karly springs the little star crocuses

ppear by the first of March, fairly |
pushing thelr way through the crust;
of snow and leaves, even blossoming |
ravly durtng a late snowstorm, ‘Then
come the trumpet shaped crocuses, and
by that time the bed is a gorgeous !
‘lanket of color, of all shades of yel- |
‘ow, deep and light purple, white and |
iwender and also varigated blooms.
While it is a joy to us it is also a
mpieasure to many who make special
trips every spring to see them. Cro-
‘ives last, from the first stars to the
end of the trumpets, about two weeks,
ind no flower will give more comfort.
Any pleasant day while they last can
he heard the happy drone of the honey
sees, which hang over them in clouds,
letting one know that they appreciate
the bed and their Instinct tells them |
when the first spring flowers come.

last Christmas Day the leaves were
scraped away
the bed and over sixty additional bulbs
planted. They have never been taken
up as one does tulip bulbs and they |
certainly are wonders, some of them |
measuring nearly five inches in height.
Therefore for a giadsome sight T)
recommend a crocus bed.—Katharine |
«. Blake.

WHAT TREES TO PLANT.

 

 

 

 

We wrote several nurserymen for
their opinion of the best fruit trees
to plant, the best ornamental trees

and the best ornamental shrubs. Here
is the list prepared by Allen IL.. Wood
of the Woodlawn Nurseries, Roches- |

ter, N.Y
You ask the twelve best varieties
of fruit, apples, peaches, pears and

plums, for home use and market pur- '§

poses,
In apples for home use we would

WER SHOW =

forsythia or

“| Golden Bell; hydrangea, Arborescens;
hydrangea, P. G.; lilacs, assorted;
gnowball, common; spirea, Billardi;

gpirea, Van Houttel; syringa, common ;
syringa, golden; weigela, Eva Rathke;
weigela, Rosea.

occasional
Three applications in two weeks will |

flower, godetia, mignonette, sweet Established 1802

peas, Rudbeckta bicolor, double ja- 53 Barclay acne t, through to
jace,

| cobwas and helichrysum. All may be NEW York

around the edges of

    
   
  
     
    
  
   
    
  
   
   
    
    
   
    
     
    
    
    
   
   
  
   
   
   
    
    

GARDEN SEEDS

 

Japanese irises will be benefited by
doses of Nquid manure. |

not be too much. |

March 1% three days before the first |
day of spring, was the coldest day of |
Winter, with one exception, and the
coldest March 18 in forty-five years.
The temperature in New York wort

JF you wish your garden to
be a real success this
year (and of course you do)
send for our big spring

catalog.

The “collections” of flower and vege.
hle on ea il and 12, ranging
in rom 31.00 upwards, Will spe-
cially Interest you.
Write to-day. A postal addressed to us
will bring u—free.

J.M. Thorburn & Co.

Here are a dozen good annuals to!
be grown from seed, to provide flowers
to make a show in the garden and)
to supply cut flowers: Sweet sultan, |
blue cornflower, clarkias, double lark- |
spur, Coreopsis speciosa, dwarf sun- |

sown where they are to flower.

 

Destroy Insects
Fertilize While
Watering

\ $1 Kirke System

KIRKE SYSTEM: While you are water.
ing you distribute fertilizer or destroy tn.

1 Ta sects,
in KIRKE SYSTEM: The only clean, odor-
{ less, positive, active, easily handled. practi.

ooOAN cable, economical and efficient method of
destroying insects or fertilizing, requiring no
additional labor or experience

KIRKE SYSTEM: Abolishes the use of unsanitary stable manure, so objection-
able because of its disagreeable odors and the great abundance of weett seeds it
contains,

KIRKE SYSTEM: Abolishes the use of cumbersome hand pumps, hand sprayers
carts and wagons, ctc., for distributing insecticides and fertilizers.

‘“‘Kirke System’’—Once Used Always Used

    

  
    
  
      
      
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
    
    
    
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
    

  

  
   
   

     
 

  

  

ih

pw
PS mln
mM
(hey

      

Ea. tee. Doz. Sold by 2

KIRKE Nickel-Plated Feeder. Sth 3.001. lea:c0| — Florists
is \E Fertilizer Cartridges... epeeel ¢ 60 $3. a jurserymen
KIRKE Tobacco Nicotine Insecticide. . 320) 1.40) 3.00
KIRKE Atenate lt qeetcee 0) Fatt 80 Kirke Chemical

NE rdeaux Fungicide a Oy . :
KIRKE Red Ant Destroyer Cartridge in oso aay Kirke Chemical
KIRKE Black Ant Destroyer Cartridges) 30) 1.60) 3.00 Co Inc
KIRKE Fly Maggot Destroyer 40) 1.600 4.00 re +
KIRKE Sulphur Compound Cartridges 30° 1,60 3.00) 246-248 Robinson
KIRWE Sprinkling Can Plant Food (12 St., Brooklyn,

tablets) 30 1.60 3.00 N. ¥

see Price List in Catalogue.

 

——e——_—__—_—__ - —_-

Can you wash
your walls?

You have often wished that you
could remove spots and stains from
your wall paper. Perhaps the paper
was almost new. In that case the
marks must remain an eye-sore, or
you must go to the expense of
re-papering.

We can save you all such annoy
ances. We recommend that you use

THE

   

CUARANTEED™ |

VELOUR FINISH

   
    
 
   

Box 427, Aldan, Del. Co., Pa.

METAL WINDOW BOXES AND TUBS,
Belf watering. Patented bottom gives roots
drainage and moisture. Plants thrive wonder-
fully. No leabs. Strongly made. Galvan-
1 steel enameled green, For sill, porch or
indoors, Lengths t2 to 96 inches. Send us

3,00 for two Boxes (one for shallow and one

pr deep rooted plants) and one 10 inch tub pre-
paid, Worth $4.1¢ Circular,

KIDDE & CO., 90 W. Bway, N.Y.

RHODODENDRONS

Washington State Flower, g’ollected from
the forest.

10 plants, 4 to 12 Inches 80.50
25 plants, postpaid Si.on
Orders for uurserymen. florists, schools and
homes, by express, not prepaid, $3.00 per 100,

 

 

 

     

doel Shomaker, Nellita, Washington.
Olymopte Nature Nursery
—————————————————_——————
$ FRUIT and Flower
' Collection One white
o~eewemcees §)))'0a, | rec

ill area, 6 Ulett Kron voses.) bydran-
. Fea, touperior peach trees, all for $1.00

by express, SEND ORDERS Now,

Lake Shore Nurseries Co. GIRARD, PA,

epple trees; 1
pour tree

summer, t fall
‘carly mediun and lave
peach trees. Large fleet quality trees,

by express for $1 with order, Order now

LekeShore Nurseries, Girard, Pa,

$¢q Fruit Tree wir".
=f COLLECTION wi,

 

 

 

water sparingly and cover with cotton
cloth or glass to hold the moisture.
When large enough transplant to per-
manent bed. In this way I keep my
' garden supplied with an endless suc-
cession of such easily grown peren-
nials as foxglove, Canterbury bells,
columbine and anchusa, and also with
the more difficult ones like delphin-
tum, geum and Oriental poppies. 1|
am particularly proud of my salmon
{pink Oriental poppies; raised twelve
tine plants from one pweket of seed.—
Marcia M. Russell, Michigan.

 

Apple Trees, Frait the First Year.

An enterprising nurseryman is out
with an advertisement in which he
asks, Why wait three years for fruit
from your own trees? You can have
luscious applies and pears immediately
from trees grown in large boxes,
which are easily transplanted, guar-
anteed to bear the first year they are
planted. Many people would be glad
to obtain trees of this kind. Although
the price must be considerably more
than for ordinary stock the nursery-
man deserves credit for his enterprise,

 

then completely cover the end of the
!

 

 

Temporary repairs to roads are al- ennattenianeens

i Ways expensive and to be avoided as

much as possible, Unusual conditions, | 1915 YEAR BOOK U. 8. DEPART.
however, often occur, such as the clos- MENT OF AGRICULTURE,

ing of a main highway, suddenly |
The 1915 Year Book of the United

throwing heavy traffic for a short time
on an unimproved byway. In such, states Department of Agriculture con-
Among the

cases temporary expedients must be| sists of six hundred pages.
resorted to, more impertant articles are “Cooper-

 

 

On clay roads mud holes cause the! ative Purchase of Farm Supplies,” “A
most trouble and any treatment.) Successful Rural Cooperative Taun-
whether temporary or permanent, | dry," “How Engineering May Help

must provide for getting rid of the!
water. ‘The first step therefore is to
dig a trench to the side and allow the
mud and water to drain. If necessary,
/ open side ditch also. Remove all soft
mud left in the :aud hole. Fill the
buoitom of the trench with broken
stone or coarse gravel to provide a
drain to prevent further accumula-
tion of water, Then fill the old mud
hole with gravel, If grave] js not
available, use the best earth, obtain-

Farm Life,” “Some Outstanding Fact-
ors in Profitable Farming,” “Unprofit-
able Acres," “How Seed Testing Helps
the Farmer," “Karakul Sheep.”

There are also 176 pages devoted to
detail statistica of the principal crops
in the United States and foreign coun-
tries.

 

The winter covering of leaves or
litter given pansies and English daisies
should be removed early in the spring.

Sa ar a

| sists in soaking the potatoes, before
cutting, for two hours in a solution
made by adding one pint of formalde-
hyde to 30 gallons of water. The so-
lution can be used repeatedly.
Corresive sublimate is used at the
|
out the United States will be far helow
the average of the past ten yeurs.
The prevailing low prices
sales of fruit trees has discourage)
| many of the smaller growers; hun-
dreds of them have quit the business
altogether. It is reasonable to expect
that this, together with the war and
; the certainty that French grown seed-
lings, the chief source of supply
nurserymen, will be very scarce for
several years to come, will bring about
| a sharp advance tn fruit tree prices
j to the planters djiring the next three
} years. It would seem to be the part
| of prudente for the far seeing orchurd-
| ist to buy his fruit trees this year
while prices are low, rather than wait
until the supply decreases and prices
are soaring skyward.

 

 

 

of nursery stock this spring through- |

and slow!

to;

1 am led to think that both have a lot
of good qualities and no doubt a few
bad ones,"

This is precisely the result of our
observations, Even the crows and
blackbirds, so generally despised by
farmers and gardeners, we believe do
more good than harm, The small wild
animals were created for a purpose
and if of no other value add interest
‘to any country place,

{| “The bird houses 1 have are small,
j but their occupants seem happy. They
are wooden boxes about 6 inches wide,

4 inches high and 10 inches long,
ithe boards forming top and bottom ex-
|tending over the front, or entrance,
{about 6 inches. This serves to keep

tout the rain and provides the birds a)
hefore entering the | best varieties of ornamental trees and | —-

{place to alight

house,

\large enough for a pair of birds of

i" jany species I have named,
requested by the Federal Horticultural | «j3xcepting for show, Tam not very

| Board of the United States Depart-
ment of Agriculture not to ship white
Fred currants or gooseberries west

| All Eastern nurserymen have been

as a home for the purple martin,

of the following tler of States: North
Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Kan-
sas, Oklahoma and Texas, The object
of this request is to safeguard the
enormously valuable Western white!
pine forests from white pine blister |
rust, which has a foothold in six East-

in colonies, hence, a bird house with
many compartments is to their liking,
Moreover, they are not quarrelsome
and seem to live in perfect harmony,
Do not expect several different ape-
cies of birds to occupy the same house,
ern States and possibly in the Ohio! no matter how large. The little house
Valley, wren is a born fighter, Although not

The while pine blister is a very|much larger than your thumb, he will
destructive disease of all white pines,; whip any bird twenty times his size,
but occurs also in different form, as | so should a pair of these birds take pos-
@ leaf disease, on currante and goose-|session of a large bird house, they

:

 

 

‘strong on the colony house idea; only | Purple;

These birds belong to the swallow|ing elm, American; linden, American;
family, and it is their nature to bree | magnolia,

‘advise summer varieties, Yellow Trans-
‘parent, Red Astrachan: fall, Duchess
of Oldenburg, Wealthy. King, Fameuse
(Snow); winter, Hubbardeton None-
such, Jonathan, Melntosh Red, North-
ern Spy, Tolman Sweet, Winter
Banana

For market purposes--Fall varieties

|

| per's Pride, Shropshire Damson, Wick-
son, Wood's Improved German Prune,

in place of this unsanitary wall
paper. It is an oil paint that gives
to walls a beautiful, soft, water-color
effect. If it becomes soiled, you
can wash it with soap and water.

Besides being a thoroughly sanitary finish for your walls

 

 

|
uchess of ec ’ x, “al a in- 1 = shoe : 5
Jonathan, ‘MMatntoah fad: Northern | ties that cannot be attained by wall paper. Also, it is more
Spy, R. 1. Greening, Rome Reauty, | economical—lasts longer than wall paper. Ae
Stark, Winter Banana, Wolf River. | ’ ie é 5
Pears for home use— Bartlett, | Devoe Velour Finish is not an experiment. We guarantee
Clapp's Favorite, Beurre de Anjou, every can of Devoe we sell. Our customers tell us it gives
Teuchess, Flemish Beauty. Howell, them perfect satisfaction and that it i vi acy . ly
Roesney, Sheldon, Worden Seckel, $ very easy to apply.
Pears for market purposes-—Clapp's F. W. DEVOE & C. T. RAYNOLDS CO.
Favorite, Beurre de Anjou, Kieffer, | New York Buffalo NewOrleans Houston Boston °
Worden Seckel, Bartlett. | Savannah _— Pittsburgh
Plums for home use--Abundance, ; Pounded in New York in 1754. The oldest manufacturing concern in the United States
Bradshaw, Burbank, Fellemberg Lom: |
hard, Red June, Reine Claude, Ship- |
|

Yellow Egg.
Plums for market purposes—-Abun-
dance, Lombard, Reine, Claude, Shrop-

shire Damson, Wood's’ Improved!
German Prune, Burbank,
Peaches for home use—Carman,

Champion, Early Crawford, Hale, E!-
herta, Fitzgerald, Greensboro, Lamont,
Late Crawford, Niagara, Woodiawn
Golden, Yellow St. John.

Peaches for market purposes—Same
as for home use.

In #mall fruit-——Gooseberries, Josse-
lyn, Pearl; currants, Fay's Prolific,
Red Cross, Improved Cherry; grapes,
Brighton, Concorf, Niagara, Worden;
strawberries, Monroe, Senator Dunlap,
Stevens's Late Champion, William Belt,
World's Wonder; red raspberries, Co-
lumbian, St. Regis, Wood's Improved
Cuthbert; black raspberries, Black |
Diamond, Plum Farmer; blackberries,
Blower, Eldorado; rhubarb, Straw-
berry.

You will note that in some varieties
of fruit trees I have not given twelve
varieties for market purposes for the
reason that there are not that many
varieties that will pay a fruit grower
to raise. The varieties given for mar-
ket purposes are varieties that the
large fruit growers of this State are)
planting to-day. All the’ varieties
mentioned are very productive and will |
bring the highest price on the market. |

The following is a list of the twenty |

These small houses are plenty | shrubs to plaut out in New York State;

these varieties are aii adapted to our |
soi] and climate:

Ornamental Trees--Beech, River's
Catalpa, Bungeil; chestnut,
Japan; crab, Bechtel's Double Flower-

Soulangeana, magnolia,
Bpeciosa; maple, Ash Leaved; maple,
Norway; maple, Silver Leaved; maple,
Weir's Gut Leaved; mountain ash;
mulberry, Tea's Weeping; plum, Pur-
ple Leaved; thorn, Paul's New Double |
Flowering; walnut, English and Ja- |
pan; maple, Japan Blood Leaved, |
Ornamental Shrubs—Almond; bar-
berry, Purple Leaved: barberry, Thun-
bergli; butterfly bush; Cornus Elegan-
tissima; Deut&ia Candida; Deutzia
Gracilis; Deutsia Pride of Rochester; |

STERLING VASES
Keep plants flourishing in dryest
weather. Watering necessary on
once in two weeks. Cost no
than ordinary vases. The only
satisfactory vase for lawns and
cemeteries. Find out about
Ask for catalogue.

Sterling Grinding. Wheel Co.

Mention THE SUN)

more

|
| :
|

|

  
    
     
   
 
  
 
    
 
 

 

  
 
 
           
         
     
         
    
        
 
     
 
  

 
   

 

Tiffin, Ohio

    

KING’S per doz.

waoy Old Fashioned Flowers § Prepaid

Spectal Introductory Offer of These Old Favorites

Hollyhocks, Larkspur, Phiox, Foxgloves, Columbine,

Coreopsis, Pinks, Gaillardia, Chrysanthemums, Achillea. Asters
Dragonhead, Bergamot, German Iris, Lychnis, Sweet Willi:
Shasta Daisy, Valerain, Sun Flower and Veronica make \

selection from these varieti¢s, $1 per dozen, as many dozen a*
want at this special price. One dozen each of the 20 varietir
$17.50, express prepaid

All strong plants, will bloom this year Al! are hardy
increase tn size and beauty and come up each year Heat
illustrated book describing hundreds of varieties of hards i
Its FREE.

Send your order now. Delivery later, i? requeated

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Bach.

W. E. King, Box 320, Little Silver, N. J.

‘

  

‘YouARE SUREof GOODRESULTS

   
   
     
       
     

      
          
  
  
 
  

  

 

    

[sql if aoa gs
(3 ba estat If You Use
"Wh gee DIAMOND BRAND COMPOST
tL mee - \
Wes hchA i WELL-ROTTED HORSE MANURE
AOR
Ty Dried—Ground— Odorless
“y yy! A natural manure, largely Humus, free trom weed seeds and
ME | ie pita Teeter immnaely vanes vn
} ~ 4 onto will noid the (moisture during the Summer and keep your
i fauendy” \ Pur-up in bags }00 tbs. sent alan ’s end ay i. eae
~ ; rite for circular "“G" and prices,

NEW YORK STABLE MANURE Co

> TING JER

Y CITY.N.J.