TO

 

SHOPS A RIOT OF SPRING

an a eee

en

Fortunate Ones for Whom the Modes

of the Moment

Are Ideal Find

Zest in Most Foolish Fashions

By ELEANOR HOYT BRAINERD.

HIS shops become more fuscinat-

ing day by day as the story

I of spring and summer fashions
develops.

Poolish fashions, some of them are. |
A vote taken among women would un- ,

doubtedly show discontent with the
present silhouctye and a desire for
change; but there are certain types
of women for whom the modes of the
moment are ideal, and as worn by
these types the spring and summer

frocks of 1916 are, at their best, en-)

chanting.

Particularly among the summer
frocks is this enchantment at work.
There are delectable thin stuffs this
season, and the thin stuffs are admi-
rably adapted to the voluminous skirts
and full sleeves and all the lavish am-
plitude of the modish frocks,

Crepe Georgette and chiffon are used
{in enormous quantities and in both
plain and figured effects, the two being
often combined. A polka dot chiffon
in which colored dots appear on a white

ground appears in delightful combinae |
tions in several of the imported models, |

and the one of the lot illustrated on
this page, though it bears the name

of a famous French house, is so sim-|

ple for all its sophistication that even
the “little dressmaker” ought not
spoil the design in copying it.

The blue and White polka dot chiffon |

{es used in bands, and the white chif-
fon sleeve frills and collar are trimmed

to!

; everywhere. Bows of narrow ribbon
with long ends are often set at the
back of the collar or bodice neck and
there are many little ribbon necklets
and armiets devised for wear with
short sleeves and low cut  bodices,
' Some of these are entirely of the nar-

| row ribbon, plain or ruched, but others
| have tiny flowers in connection with
the ribbon, 5

Single embroidered flower sprigs—a
conceit adopted by Lanvin to such
a degree that this floral work amounts
almost to the signature—are being
used very smartly by other designers,
} and the hat to be worn with the frock
| that sports such a note may perhaps
| echo the flower spray in its trimming.

The painted or flatiy embroidered
or appliqued design upon hats is al-
ready being overdone—and badly done.
| Occasionally a broad brimmed shade
| hat bearing some clever and striking

‘design of flower or bird or fruit is

extraordinarily chic and effective, but
| cheap exploiting of this idea ts bring-
ing out some distressing achievements,
A dash of color is applied in another
Way to simple hats of smart lines by
the use of hatping whose heads are
big flat jewelled flower or frult or
bird motifs in brilliant colorings.
| The checked street suit and the dark
blue street suit divide honora, the
mania for checks being an ihwstration
of the American woman's sheeplike
tendency to wear what she sees others
are wearing. A good many beige and

in narrow picot edge blue ribbon, Tiny | dove gray suits appear too, and dark
bows of dark blue ribbon adorn the! blue relieved by gray is one of the
skirt, and the waist finish is of the, Season's favorite harmonies, ‘One finds

ribbon. The sleeve of this frock is, by , this color scheme in both frocks and

the way, a good one for the cool and
comfortable summer afternoon frock
and offers no difficulties to the maker.

Narrow ribbons appear, in one way
or another, upon almost every new

frock; and even the tailored suit is not!

immune. Cheruit) secures a very

likable effect by edging the full bot- |

tom of a dark blue serge skirt and
some parts of the coat with the very
narrowest of ribbon striped lengthwise
in red, white, yellow and blue. The

ribbon is about an eighth of an inch |

in width—or possibly a quarter of an
ineh—so the lines of gay color are
Uttle more than pin stripes, but the

suits, and the milliners also Hike it;
while gray, relieved by embroideries
of dark blue, is a variation upon the
Same theme, Lut not so successful,

The gray used upon the dark blue
suits and frocks is a soft medium
light tone, rather like a light castor,

and in some cases lightly dashed with
brown; but in the all gray frocks,
, Which are very numerous, the lighter
shades of gray are more often used,
creamy, soft tones that are becoming
to almost any Woman, though there
are women who can wear no shade of
gray without looking sallow or brown,

These light gray frocks made of

 

;

    
  
 
    
  

A Peggy frock of claret silk and one of blue and white chiffon
by Rondeau.

finish gives an individual touch and at
least, a wee bit of color.

Little loops of narrow ribbon used
as a fringe border or applied
greater length in other ways are pop-
ular, and emall bows of course are

VARIED

eb ATHER'S GIRL” has cer-
talnly made good in the
person of Miss Kathleen

Burke of London, who has
gust arrived in America, ostensibly

 

 

 

to rest after a «trenuous twenty
months epent in going hither
and yon in Belgium, Serbla and

France on missions for the English

Government. Her rest cure so far
fhas consisted in making from one
to three speeciics a day fn the in-

terest of the Scottish Women's Hos-
pitals for Foreign Service, of which
ehe !s eecretary, and she is pledged to
@© on talking at the same rate during
the remainder of her stay here.

Miss Burke says the reason she was
Bble to tackle such hard work when
the war broke out was that her father
always treated her as a boy.

“He hadn't any son,” she sald, “I'm
Bis only child. And as head of the
London and Northwestern Railway he
meeded a son. So he used me.

waphy when a mere child, and early
became fairly fluent in languages,

“T have a pretty good knowledge of
French, German, Spanish, English of
course, and I know some Italian, So
it became a matter of course for
father's fricnds to make use of me
when there was an international con-

  

TODAY’S BEAUTY HINT

 

Tt ta not necessary to shampoo quite
@o frequently if your hair is properly
cleansed each time by use of a really
God Bhampoo. The easiest to use
and quickest drying shampoo that we
can recommend to our readers may be

prepared very cheaply by disselving
@ teaspoonful of canthrox, obtained

from your druggist, in a cup of het
water. This rubbed into the scalp
creates a thick lather, soothing and

cooling in its action, as well
Geial to scalp and lair, After
the acalp is fresh and clean, while the
hair dries quickly and evenly, devel-
oping «a bright luster and a sett fluf-

Aneas that makes it seem very heavy.
rAd,
+ net 0 nt ED AE bein 3 ARNE wt

nna ema

ati

ACTIVITIES OF WOMEN!

1 was |
@rained in secretarial work and stenog- |

 

chiffon and satin or chiffon and taffeta
jon very simple Lnes, with a bit of
cream about the throat, are the dain-
tiest and most conservative of summer
} frocks, and some of them are surpris-
{ingly low in price, though the cheap

 

 

| the knees down,

| gress or anything like that, and I got)

| pretty well used to going about.

| “When the war broke out T was in

| New York visiting. T got back on the

| first ship, the St. Paul, and the Gov-
ernment had a place for me. My first
mission was to Belgium, but later I

| was went to Serbia, to Bulgaria and to

 

wouldn't be right to speak.”

| It 48 in Pebruary, 1915, that the
| workers for the Scottish Women's Hos-
pitals, estabiisiiced in France, Serbia
and Belgium by the Scotch branch of
| the National Union of Woman Suffrage

Societies, induced Miss Burke to enlist

with them, Up to that time she had
|; never made a speech, but one day a
{ certain Dr, Ingalls, who had been get-
ting up meetings to ask help for the
hospitals, was called away to some
other work,

“By the way, take my meeting this
afternoon, Kathleen,” Dr. Ingalls said
to the secretary; and Miss Burke has
been “taking” meetings ever aince.

 

 

 

It was two months to a day after
| War was declared that Miss Burke had
jher most thrilling adventure, a real

|Capt. Kidd adventure, for {t began
with buried treasure. A Belgian
peasant, fleeing from his home near

 

Termonde at the approach of the Ger-
mane, left in his haste ten thousand
francs, the savings of his thrifty tife,
buried in the ground. Being only
jabout ix feet tall and weighing
j barely two hundred pounds he was
afraid to return for it himself, and he
begged little Miss Burke to get it for
‘him,

“! had to go pretty near the Ger-
»ruan jines,” she save, “but T found the
money. But when fo was returning I
ldid a foolish thing. 1 sat down om the
bank of the River Scheldt to rest and
idly began pitching stones {nto the
water. Some of the Helgtans saw me
end leaped in the coneiusion that 7
}Was  Cierman spy measuring the

 

 

; | Width of the river

"Tl was escorted to one of the vil-
lamea. Up to then TI took it as a inke;
but when the = Relgian populace
wathered oulside the window and

other places on missions of which it!

 

leading her gently to the edge of the ‘
park, “and Til tell you all about it.” Who are engaged tn the important af-,
Then while frantic cab drivers, motor] fairs that men have to attend to.! a = \ ‘
‘ , &ti drivers and smart chauffeurs) Such may be deduced from the re-! LACE carés for Easter luncheams
manifested decided — intentions of waited excitedly for the signal to cross] marks of Henry W. Hayden, who we and dinners ara unusually
stoning me 7 saw ft was getting | the street he slowly and laboriously] as the club's representative to Alban epringiike, Some of them repre-
serous, Presently a pompous youns | recited to the lost suffragist the pre-{1to ask the Legislature not to pass! o.., ai ARAUC Ae Gt erow
Reigian Tieulenamt came to question) vice route to be taken by the Yellow] the suffvama ermondinent hetore pee A Mineakruse 5 ie
me, lier, starting with its departure from} pody, Mr, Hayden didn't ke the sufts )'!5 ps, hyacinths or . ne
“IT flew {nto a genuine rage--!t was, national headquarters at 1l and ending | who Were up there on an opposite ere | PON portion ts brow green and
so absurd to suspect me, who had ven-) ar Weehawken Ferry. rand to his and he said so An | m it the plante stand wp je relief
tured close to the German lines just In contrast to this was the behavior! ne eaid. didn’t go about elutterty cine. 3 4 it ral
to oblige a Belgian—and flourished | of a private citizen at the Hotel Ma-] corridors, They stayed at home ; eae ee ; +
fone of my visiting cards in his face jestic, when 900 women gave a suffrage nes ee dkie ta . gr sg ree nes An attached card ars the
They wouldn't recognize my pussports | dinner in honor of Miss Mary Gar- thoug era dy Mr a li ee vena, name BU giving the appear
said the Germans frequentivy stole rete Hay there recently With 900 waheale : Citas ups ; ‘ if » Carl pai Penn 4 ‘ A CHRat An were nt
Passports, But it visiting card tm-|avomen struggling to get to the dresss| ° poe sBY the woman who has | sete a
pressed tha Lieutenont, and the tongue} ing rooms the elevator was rather cluttering up tle Qpproa nee a tha, from on 8 :
wagging I gave him further wilted! crowded, and this citizen, a very fat elub with summonses for her hus s e pots « Taster Iles are
him. He said he would send me on! man, found it hard to get on the car, | band, Albert Gallatin Wheeler, alleg | ¢, ' he pot made
the military train to Ghent. |" Wou'd better wait till the next trip,” | ing that he owes her alimony ar d pia or terva L paper or
“'No,! I said. ‘Hither you arrest me! eaid the operator, ‘| won't pay ty is committing a social) | ay ‘ > murries out the
here or you let me free,’ | st won't,” said the fot man. “Tet, OPreor: But is that so?) Mrs Ww eelers | color svhen ; e, y water
“How will you get to the coast?’\ one of the women get off.” | according to another view, is all right lo mL he ns to represent the
they said, And one of those foolish suffs got off,| Uniess she gets her alimony bow ean} fancy tlower pots now in vague, ‘Tho
“T intend to walk on my way,’ 1) pA ES | #he keep a home And if she hasn't more expensive Lust cards of this
told them. hia {s only one of several profes- | % home how can she stay there? Tol Gecopiption are made double, go that
“Weil, L was freed and set out on) Gong inaugurated by graduates of the elutter up places and pewtiforously he appearance {s eq vy good from
foot, Of course J didn’t walk far and! gopoo. of Horticulture, which fs en-| [98 in ROPRUr of alimony $0 ROOD By ever side they are seen, ‘The
soon found my way to the owner Of | tirely for Women and whose instrue- home with is of course different from) front and baek are pasted together ex-
the ten thousand francs J carried,” tors are mostly women, A young girl| he activities of the suffs at Albany pt at the bottom, where they are |
— ‘from Virginia, who has been in New —— jseparated sufficiently to enable the
Loca) suffragists Insist that inatden-; york the past week helping to take iain tha Uae Of tnvine. touie | curd to stand in place, ¢ Is @ot made
tal to their campaign for the vote they | charge of the school's booth at the] \ en in the home by d a nip thann| oe, ee are But shed with the
are developing a race of polleemen who | Flower Show at the Grand Central Pin Da ‘ att Miya eee at | usual cardboard prop at the back, ;
for politeness can't be equalled on! palace, is studying farming for the tha - hae . ha eaten a x ee Mingle RPEAR  HOWers : Ob  OtURAS
the face of the earth. They are also,| somewhat unusual, in these femintse cata “igh? anit oe A 1 a the) colors, carried out in crepe paper and
they say, training the memories of | tic days, purpose of being more Use| Celtic conventions in Chicago and St,| wns On & culled stem of paper
the cons. There is one traffic polices | tu) in her home. ] Riis a ae pia + x an a < : vere d wire are among 1 10 leapest
|man--he stands on Fifty-ninth street | «1m going to Hve in the country,” | °* goin ; there an es ind nolitl Janel oe cmiee tan PRUONE, THO tUUp
at Fifth avenue--who displayed the! ene said, “and Iam taking the course Bre Bons bh emind polUclans| ia particularly good for this purpose,
other day an intimate knowledge of | } aaa ' that suffrage is @ live issue will far) ig it can be made in yellow, plow or
lat Ambler to supply what T've lost outnumber the delegates who go to! p . Satan le uy Naa
suffrage plans _that almost _conviets \through being a town dweller,” eee tee a Ae pera a ana eral White 1 ne et ait ates less k 18 cams
Commissioner Wooas of mnaking nis} “You're going to marry a farmer!" faerie Mia tia sillee, ali aie rt f ps flower ma ’ t S #0 ne
gl aia a suffrage quiz once a week | “T would if I had the chance,” she swarm during cony ention time with | eee e ba : " ve . ane
= > , ie ¢! i, . . oa °
rr HAMDANRAUAnI tha dag At bare a line afm ition 7 mae 8 my Saher + eee members of the National “ oman § fet ay itely of natural tulips and the en-
Snuitie Burke and Miss Nell Richard- I , podaiel lui frage Association and the COnBres- trea cases and boxes for jca cream
, ere ‘f hare 4 but he hopes to be able to retire soon) sional Union for Woman Sulfrage. and! o rit OE eaan iin the maliia Ge
Boh Biase am Seer Grae ae ene 5 and then we'll give up our town house} they aren't going to be bashful about ‘abe Pi ne ves os 2 ae ,
Yellow Vler was scheduled to leave Tha eS ARini na I hall a a aa Tits | holing the dele ai tourge their shill) an elaborate arrange t is the
Columbus Cirele at noone -a distracted | oj) P - Pp i yt rj at carpentry when it comes to building ghape of a lirge plane of aster lity in
suffragist rushed up to the traffle po- after graduation, teaching in a Yarm ; a platform fui! bloom, the flower p eins made
liceman opposite the Maza, garden T hope to establish in our eity, | Now if women had the vote they'd! a! Sana STA TVG MER ECAna
“Did you see anything of a yvello® Virginia is in sud noed of such things he satisfied to lave a comparatively ing at eseh plate with a er pipe
suffrage automoblie followed liw @ let for its children, We are dreadfully! small proportion named as delegates, biaster lily anding on a coiled wire
of other cars?” shoe gasped. “I'm to behind tho times, and the hordes of wives, sisters and. stem

one

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1916  ~

 

ee A tn ~ +

AND SUMME

 

 

ee en a a nn

A Callot suit of blue serge, trimmed with varnished braid, and a cape suit of black and white.

 
      

ing the ipl
chief charm.
light gray chiffon and
able price has the si
while tl

 

pre
tin of reuson-
t of satin from

e entire upper

 

   

part of the frock is of the chiffon over
flesh color, with folds of the satin for
trimming and flesh color tulle about
the throat.

- are beautiful fatlle

  

t gray tones and
soft light neutral shadines of gray and
beige and the warmer, more yellowed

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

  
 

 

 

ride in the parade and I can't find it,”
The cop took her arm.
“You come on over here,” he sald,

colorings, Faille ig still considerably; particular, with spidery tracery
used, as are the silk poplins, gros de! gold embroidery n the feta
Lendres and lightweight satins, Theold gleaming through the transparent
tune Louisine is coming back to favor) grenadine, is a useful and Lkabie

 

 

 

olso, and the Shantung siks and some! little dress, Etamine ts liked too, ar

new crepe weaves are in demand, but | so are the voiles and some of the ve 6

ten patterns of taffeta are sold to one) sheer soft silk and wool mixtures that

of any other substantial silk fire made fn charming colorings and
Among the thinner materials the figured designs.

 

revival of grenadine is interesting and As for cottons, there is no end to
some very delightful models have been the novelties, the smartest little
built up of this stuff in combination cotton frocks seem to lean toward the
With taffeta or other silk. ©ne model plain colors and whit: Organdy is as

of dark biue grenadine and taffeta in. popular as ever and the lingerie ma-

oe — —

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

The Union League Club dcoan's | mothers now going to Chicago and!

ike women to be clattering up corrl-| home and cook for their men folks,

'
dors and pestiferous!y naggcing men,

 

 

 

San rw ered ee,

~ FASCINATION

Particularly Enchanting Are the Warm
Weather Frocks of Delectable
Thin Materials

    

with a large quantity of embroidered |enly aéd to her dilemma, er at ist
net robes left over from narrow skirt | the short capes add to the dutponesy
days. ‘The patterns have been made up} of the stout figure, and the jong s \
with the entire back of each skirt} der, however obtiined. is tybecoming
composed of plain net, tucked horizon- | to any save the long waisted and
tally in two inch tucks, at intervals, | dcr
from hem to waist and made very | There are, however, many cape
full. The embroidered net skirt is/| tumes thet are @xeceding nin
amply made for a skirt front or over- | and attractive when worn bs t
skirt, slightly draped and W@sappear- | woman, One of these mo
ine under the full tucked folds of | duced in the central eur w
plain net on the hips. ; up of white or midnisht bl

Black tulle, black lace and black | Leved by wiite tours The blouse
nets seem to be as much in evidence | waistesat Was of tie wit Was
for spring as they were during the} its girdle aid ttle ft 1 opeplam
winter and will be worn for evening | The draped ex ice wos or ow <9
toilets all through the summer, Oc-) Was the harrow front of a
casionally, as in the case of the) skirt and a tarrow tates ' tore
Drecoll model of our sketch, a close | Was Visine around the} moe
fitting pointed bodice or a very dimin-j| shirt. Atos the draped low ¢
utive little bodice of black satin or) rose a luah clove collie or ve nd
black taffeta tops a skirt of black tulle, lace, flarin: top and t ip by a

or of black tulle and lace. This Dre- narrow rill
coll frock has a cleverly handled skirt Texception :  t f 1

 

whose outer skirt, exceedingly full’ is | and Yj n
of filmy black lace falling over an un- | belted coats on lines more ¢
derskirt of black tulle banded horizons | gestive of tie ¢ pent N k
tally in black satin. Flat little bows) and the cape coats ‘
of black satin also trim this skirt and) loose flaring cou of w (
a frill of black net edged in gold thread) yaod | q
shows below the overskirt. ino oexan !
This same skirt would be charming | yarrow ¢ i

 

in white lace, tulle and satin and @ gre } t
bodice of the thin stuff might easily n
be substituted for the heavier bodice | 4, a
of satin. i

One of Worth's evening, frocks in t “
tulle, attains a certain originality ino ge: | h
spite of its simplicity and of the mule) yur | an eit! ‘ @
titude of tulle frocks. It ts of white | the widely f
tulle with the fullest and Widest of rm
skirts and the. most unpretentious of | below the wa
fiehu drapery bedices. Tor trimmin.  y ‘ thet few 1 ¢ 4
there are running around the skhirtand ort mead e
lengthwise of the fiehu inset bands | or
black tulle edged by narrow lines of | yay
silver, A narrow ribbon belt of nattier | air ¢ { @ ale
blue, a spray of pjnk roses with de op
glowing hearts—and there is a frock | ;
that is much more chick than many | oy ' 1
of the more pretentious models, | ecked

Many of the street costumes are, | sorts ‘ ’
like these ingenue frocks of tulle and | ure | 4,
other sheer stuffs, essentinily youthful | Sane t t the
in character. In fact it is rather dif-/ w ' h deep
ficult: for the: woman who is no fer : : 4

 

 

“ ‘ for eombtr ‘
“ ¢ I" ‘ ts

' . thin lawns an
’ us nd these crisper,

ie ¢ » be ed! A Louveau frock of striped taffeta and a Drecoll gown of black

eason’s nit the si fter ‘ :

meat nthe ee ‘ acl Satin and lace.

nd & t
mand aw se . mn wo

Nets of all kinds ure desirable and) young and slender to 1 ’ = 18 e of
if a ( has ar } rn of em- in which she } t "
i dered 1 at ng ltted eosais =
pre m it \ il ire not made fe
- A {ty ’ now that is proportions ner are tite t ? td
one desig } wreat Success wide skirts kind to Cap ‘

PLACE CAR

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

    

 

At an Faster luncheon to be given by

| St. Louls to demand it could stay at} some college girls part of the enter- lis making them in Paris to raise war) Mont
tainment {9 to be the distributing of | funds and she is able to give employ,- jand thie ve

 

DS FOR EASTER cmerrsrac

vors from a wonderful ye

 

 

ri ‘
.
ared ¢ e \
Sete Get Rid of Your
Phe 3
en's Burden of Fat
in trimmed wit! inflnitesimna pe
flowers and feather The i t Fs ;
s cause are n the shape of its
, w
thous of different design and
‘
arious purposes
(ne is a pen winer, the «amo he.
ing cut Just the size of the britn of a
tseo that when lild down « y tot
the dolls etraw hat with its feathers
and ribbons is seen Another favor is

t garden sunbonnet and still
1 boudoir cap with a eircle
for the crown A sewing
made from a pliable straw

aul ,
of fine la
siraw bag

hat and a

knitting bag in the form of a bonnet
With casings in the strings to } ithe
knitting needles are among the other

favors for this Easter hat luncheon,

A RIBBON AND NOT A RIBBON,

A

N entirely new {dea in ribbons has

   

  

recently developed Some |]
sons would eal] it straw braid
; At least that is the impression on
receives at the rst glimp But
is mado entirely of sili, at least of the .
imitation silk which is a wood fibre ‘ ve .
The ribbon is made in a dull finish! yar a
and in all widths and the text ‘

 

closely resembles straw braid th:

very diffieult to find a term whieh will pared from

}

 

 

deseribe it It is ns tlevibla as ans my)
soft ribbon and can be made into sore tis u i
loops and bows like any other ribbon, | oP
and the dull finish is distinetly a new : ; B
note In #& seuson Where waxed eects, yi stead
have been so popular, 1
This ribbon is used on hats suftalte
for morniig, afternoon or evening 4 ‘ .
Combined with the new plastic tlowes hotoun r
makes a beautiful effeet and tend \
an added charm te a hat DS
It is true that not all artistic tae
of fue omeinat + D'baatice \
these two mu be ereditod i
| Parisian artistic fanes Tiie flowers
}were the idea of a war wadew, whoo dire tet i ‘

 

\\ ly