————V— ee ee

 

ee

 

 

8_____ THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL‘ 16, 1916

 

since the supply of genuine pique was | the season's modes offer excuse rather
curtailed, This last material, like | than reproach,

| French pique itself, is somwhat ex-| Mohaif sparate skirts are shown in
| pensive, but finely ribbed in white and | every version of the tailored style,
soft colors such as rose and yellow it | from pipe stem plainness to such a

— : en ee —
e e | is delightful. ‘model as the blue skirt illustrated
| When one comes to woollen separate | here, with its organ pipe fulness be-
| | ari1e V shirts the details of the story expand | low a shallow yoke and its narrow
Stripes

 

beyond telling. Every sort of tweed, | bands run through shirred puffs on
¢ | Breat variety and gaycty.
Taffeta the Most Popular Fabric, but! fr sorts, but especially the wider} newcomer in the list of amart skirt | giving individuality to the separate

homespun, frieze, serge, gabardine, | the sides and ticd in flat bows.
corduroy, &c., is drawn upo, and a! Pockets play an important part in
stripes, are featured in this class, and | materials—as well as of frock mate-
the manufacturers have also brought | rials—-is alpaca or mohair.

 

skirt and ciever cutting usually does
the rest.

Gros de Londres and Faille Find

Most, of the models flare at

 

; out many printed patterns, in the | France has made a strong effort to | least moderately at the bottom and
Favor With Man Wearers colorings and designs of the old] raise this material from its standing | are comparatively smooth about the
y printed linens and chintzes. These | as wholly practical to deiinite smart- | hips; but in the softer materials the

; lean rather more to the duller, softer | ness, but whether it will be able to ' fulness is often straight from the waist
By ELEANOR HOYT BRAINERD. | been used more freely than linen for | colorings than did the cretonne flow: | live down its association with house- | band and there is no hem flare. Some

| tub skirts.

4 sepe r a ise "

Ht separate skirt ts an indis in white retain their popularity and; “garden clothes” last year and are de- |
pensable feature of the prac-
tical wardrobe, and this yea?

are particularly attractive in the fine | cidedly more effective and interesting.
it adds more than the usual ee |

and interest to its utilitarian virtues.
Blouses are finding a tremendous |
gle, and the wise woman knows that |
wearing the skirt of a tailored suit |
with separate blouses always means
the shabbiness of that skirt, for in ad-
vance of the suit coats decline and fail.
She realizes that the tailored street
uit, to look as it should, must be kept |
for its individual purpose, and!
when it has served that purpose she
changes it for a frock or for a sep-
erate skirt and blouse,

Add to the general utility skirt the,
assortment of sports skirts which the
modish summer ourfit necessarily in- |
cludes, and then throw in for full
measure a simple but chic separate
skirt of dark hued silk and the quota
will be complete,

There are more of these last named
elk skirts than usual this year, and,
though most of them are of tailored
character, little details, giving a hint
of dressiness, are added to some of |
the models, and the materials, when |
of good quality, bring these skirts into |
harmony with separate blouses o trifle |
too dainty for the general utility |
woollen skirt.
Taffeta is the popular choice for the|

separate silk skirt, but gros de Londres |
and faille are offered too, and though |
the ready to wear departments show
no dark colored satin skirts, black or
dark blue taffeta striped in satin of
the same tone has been called into
service by many of the skirt designers.
The stripes may be of any width from
three inches to pin stripes, but two
inch and one inch stripes are par-|
ticularly iked and the black tailored
skirt of striped silk sketched for this
page was in the one inch stripe. It

Certainly nothing more practical for | free movement, are by no means ag-
summer wear was ever woven, for it’ gressively full, and others, notably

own

ah ae

IOI 34 ,
[

  

was of the simpleet type, but of ex-
ceient quality, and in the same de-
partment Was shown a smartly draped |
skit similar elk. |

Af.) bit undraped skirt of soft lus-

ivue taffeta in another shop.

 

 

‘runming straight lines of the
tin.es ssible black jet beads, set
round we oskirt bottom in. vertieal |
groupe and bordering belt and pock- |
is. ahd another dark blue taffeta

"te Skirt had its relief in lines |

   

popular heavy stitching,

satin skirts severely tailored
are offered for sports wear, both in
company with coats to match and
alone, and while rather an absurdity
f as practical service goes are
1 charming in connection
le blouses of crepe Georgette
ffon and bright lined coats or
bWeaters

The summer tub. skirts) without
whic) woman attempts to weather
as r season are made up in all!
ilar materials, though with
less acvent than usual on the linens.
It is duicult to find just the weave cordines. Then there are the other
and color wants in linens this, corded white cottons and a few of the
season, and, even before this state of | rougher ratine weaves.
things developed various cottous had In colored skirt cottons

 

 

 

*h simy

or ec}

   
 

the

Two mohair skirts and one of striped silk.

Sotton gabardines come in lovely
tones and are used for separate skirts,
as are the good jooking imitations of
finds , pique which the Wrench have achieved

is light weight,
readily and wears li
softer and. siikier
and for what

cool, shakes off dust | some of the French models, are platced
fron. It is much all around the belt—box plaits front
han it once was, and bark, side plaits on sides—and fail

emartnesas remains softly without pressing.

one

 

   

one too,

 

 

      
  
   
 

PROTEGEE of Queen Wilhelmina
of Holland, Hanna van Vollen- |

Black hatred, dark eyed, slight, full

’ r
oanmaton and in her early twenties,

she is not at all the conventional type
of Dutch girl that pictures, but
thought and in
p Latin races.
“Come in." she said, and with easy
{nformaiity continued, “our furniture

one

she

rather color

Bugges «tt

 

dently too i

much a matter of course to

ho ’
Bar be worth mentioning) “and a
ind,” she

Towed, |};

added. “He is also bor-
ve animals, 1 have a Scotch |
s as tall as T am when he
aWws on my shoulders." One
it he would not need to be

   
 
 

caied him Hector, but every one made

fun of him and said he looked like
your American teddy bears, go I called
mm that, and now that he is grown |
Het 9 thinks the name should he
me She laughed and seated her- |

* On the plano stool. In a moment |
yer fing rs were running over the,

Listen,” she said, “this Is one of |
my own compositions." And after that
the played again, and then again, |
without notes and with a fluency and
Clarity that made one feel as though |
the piano were talking and singing and
@similating itself with the performer.

  

 

 

 

|

‘son River which rippled and glittered

guest and went into the next room to!
be interviewed. Here she immediately !

urges me on to closer application, sv
that my gratitude may go back to
them and bring joy in return, I think
New York is beautiful, and the skies
are so wonderful! There is romance
in New York and in all this country.
“She rested sidewise on her chair
and looked dreamily down on the Hud-

in the setting sun.
“When I stop to think,” she con- |

vironment was one of great interest, |
for Maeterlinck and many such people
were our friends. |

“My father and his father before
him were musicians—my father played |
with his orchestra at the court of
Queen Victoria. Yet my parents had |

ear, and when I was taken to a con-
cert I could play everything I heard
on my return home, |
“My talent was really discovered by |
Wilhelm Kes, director of the Sym- |
phony Orchestra in St, Petersburg, |
who was at the time in Amsterdam. |
‘Chere the present director of the Sym-
phony Orchestra also became inter-
ested in me. My first studies were in
Holland, and I won one scholarship |
after another until I had four in all.
My first piano studies were with Louis
Coenan, a pupil and associate of Lizst |
for nineteen years. As he never took |
pupils this in itself was an honor,

Wolfe spoke in Dutch from over her

 

    
  
 
 
 
   

|

  

Holland folk

GIRL MUSICIAN FROM HOLLAND TELLS OF HER WORK

oF

the signal. The Queen, however, only

smiled with perfect understanding of

 

New Summer Draperies
| Wall Papers Are Brilliant

 

—~ oe noene
oS

and

G “rings In the new chintzes ana| GIAYLY Colored Chintzes and Cretonnes,

eretonnes, which are bright

and gorgeous as an old fash-
foned garden and suggestive of the
hoop skirt and poke bonnet days, The
Colonial reproductions are even more
numerous than last season and full of
| Vividly colored birds and masses of

The washable corduroys | ered stuffs that invaded the realm of! maids’ uniforms remains to be seen. | of the skirts, though amply wide for | flowers, such as hollyhocks, roses and| ing two cretonnes; one gorgeous with

| dahlias, on striped or plain back-
grounds. Old china is brought to mind

 

oy the willow ware print of dull blue
lon cream ground, and many quaint
Chinese designs, with little pagodas
and lanterns, appear in combinations
of vellow and gray.

| For the porch or terrace there are
brilllantly colored Cubist and Futurist
| patterns, and a new awning stripe in
intense, contrasting colors is effective
for covering willow furniture

| : The black and white of lust season

hoven Wolfe, singer, violinist, | He pes and rr ger ee and repeated — the | us not seen #0 much, although ach rm

ee oe namo | OF 1 & ywhere roes she s gnal. ne combination of black and awhite

‘ Pianist and composer, has come | the window evidently. Rese as cenremneceerpeconmmman er “Tilly Koenan was the first one to! check stripes is found alternating

to New York to live, Her home at) “Say that T am vain," she said) (Sse sing some of my compositions. I was| with a stripe made up of small flower

Present is not very far from River- | laughingly, “Ut you say I am learned then 15. She sang three songs. !] clusters. Others are printed on black

file Drive’ When the representative , ©*fTy one WH) expent ae much, then did not know they would be such 4) and white striped backgrounds One

oie Buxniy & : she went on more serious!y: success, They wanted me to come] pattern shows a dark gray. lattice

PSHE SUNDAY Sun called there Miss+ «it was not so long ago that I came upon the platform, but when the ap-| printed on a lighter shade, spotted

ole. '

Wolfe herself opened the door. | here a stranger, and people have been plause came I was frightened andj here and there with semi-conventional

"Oh!" she exclaimed, “I thought it, and #re ever so nice and dear to me. ran away, After playing with the) roses in dull orange and red, with green
was mother.” This brings me great happiness and principal orchestras in Europe 1 came | leaves,

to America four years ago for the first |

time

“What pretty shoes you have!” she
said, digressing with sudden gir!ish
interest. “Do you dance? ave
dozens of pairs of shoes, but mother
won't let me wear expensive ones in
the house, for, you see, I break them
all on the pedals." She pointed her
little foot and illustrated how readily
she hent and broke her shoes,

h ot come le ”, ave |

a8 not come from Holland. We have | tinued after a moment, “my career It was difficult to bring her back to
now only some chairs that are bor- | seems almost like a fairy tale. I was the thread of her narrative, Finally
Towed’ (the grand piano was evi-! born in The Hague and my early en- she went on:

“Then—then—oh, yes, then I played
with the Theodore Thomas orchestra
in Chicago and in the far West. I
played in one place where they had a
strike, and letters were sent me saying
that if I played they would attack me,
but they did not, though they did turn

big for that. “I call him ne intention of giving me a musical | ome et bebe out the Nghts; but I forgot all about
; 'education. Nevertheless at the age of | it when I began to play. I returned
when I first got him 1.6 I played Keethoven and Bach by to Europe after this trip, and now

have just come back here to stay. I
have been here four months, which
seems very long.

“In my repertoire I have some old
dance music which is
very quaint and has not been played
here before. My father owned many
old and original manuscripts, and even
when a child I played those, having ar-
ranged them for the piano myself,

“My mother never wants me to play
ragtime when IT am in a hotel,” she
digressed laughingly, “but as soon as
( arrive I always do, so people won't
know I'm professional.

“My iIdeals and my art are abso-

a But the time for the Interview grew; “My first teacher in composition was jlutely one, The thing that makes me
peattitully less, At last the reporter Bernard Zweers"—-—- She stopped. Mrs. so happy when I come out on the
Toached the subject. In two sen- |

platform is my genuine love for the

| VEER Indeed are the things
‘OQ chosen by some persons for
| table coverings, In houses where
the floors are spread avith rich
one will sometimes notice table cov-
erings utterly out of keeping with the
surroundings. It {9 by no means un-
usual to see a handsome, polished ma-
hogany table tn the living room, with a
jarring note In the way of a starched
runner of Mexican drawn work linen,
jor possibly a round Cluny lace and
| :inen plece under the standard lamp.
= seems like desecration.

rugs

Wash doy!ies or washable lace affairs,
unless unusually rare, odd or interest-
ing, are far from being the correct
things to use in living rooms and halls
or in any forma] room as table covers
Otherwise attractive and artistic effects
may be altogether spolled by just such

‘inappropriate things, In Beneral it
ae be said that white coverings are

 

not suitable for the table in the living
room and that it is not necessary to
cover the whole table, unless a hand-
some rug ts used,

There are many attractive materials

= can be utilized as covers for
|

| Suggestive of the Cubist, Are
Extremely Popular

' A smart novelty is introduced show-

 

birds of paradise, pheasamts and pea-
cocks on backgrounds of dull greens,
reds, silver gray and black, and would
be stunning for hangings or a dining
room screen or perhaps on the big
wing chair in the living room. Many
of these are blocked by hand from
wooden biocks many years old and
there is a particular charm about them
not found in the machine printed
Ifnens; a light varying of color, a more
perfect blending, and then they possess
the additional advantage of being prac-
tically fast color.

The sunfast draperies show many
new stripes and some are iridescent,
These are made of mercerized cottons,
linen and silk, fabrics that drape beau-
tifully, and the color lines are exten-
sive, A few years ago it was unwise
to buy certain colorings, as they did
Pot prove true to their name, but now
the manufacturers have succeeded in
placing upon the market every con-
celvable color and shade, not. only
fadeless, but washable.

English casement clotlr is growing
greatly in pownvarity, many using it
in place of window shades, and cer-
tainly ite soft folie are artistic.

Notwithstanding the unsettled con-
ditions now prevalling In both foreign
aad domestic industries, the acuteness
of the dye situation, and the difficulty
of importing from Europe, the new
designs and colorings in drapery ma-
terials were never more varied, never
more beautiful than this season.

No less fascinating than the drapery
materials are the new wall papers.
Many ciples of old Mnglish chintzes
show large floral designs, or quatnt
little bouquets of bright old fashion 1d
flowers on a cream or white ground,
These are especially effective when
used with plain) hangings and are
charming for the guest room in town
or country louse. The ent out border
je stil! popular, but not so much gO as
in past seascms, the tendeney seeming
to be more toward the all over figured
wall,

Ove manufacturer is showing a de-
Hehtful pattern of soft biue birds with
bright yellow breasts and small blue
flowers on a widely striped back-
ground. There are little black and
white designs, some with gay Chinese
borders, and fabric effects in imitation
lof silk wall coverings

For the living room there is a new
imitation grass cloth that comes In a
great number of colors and overcomes
the objectionable feature of showing
the seams as so many of these wail
hangings did last season. It is now
possible to buy these materials nine
feet in width, giving a seamless wall
which may be ornamented with a sten-
cilled bands and decoration. Gray tap-
estry papera for the hall or Colonial
living room are much in vogue and the
pietoral reproductions of the old hand
printed papers are adaptoble for the
summer Colonial home.

flowers and Japanese lanterns printed
on a gray background covered with a

An interesting paper brought out by
the increasing popularity of black lie-
quer furniture has a dull black backe
ground showing a Chinese Chippendale
design in dull gold. The smal fabric
effects are very prevalent and form
good backgrounds fer pictures besides
making interesting walls

A new panel decoration

depicts a

 

al! ! i . g os Soe ae
ira ae ooniee ae } eee | Hfe size peacock In netural conors on @

a MMUBP exs i . omission | ayy) silver background well covered

h re iotifs, ese ¢ : teat ‘ning glor '

0 ue a mo on hene are in with large roses, morning glories and

tended for use in the same room, one) a iijiae in pretty colorings. The manus

| p hy) “yo oor elf . . i ’ : “”
ak the uph lestery r slip covers and facturer asserts thet there are 145

t A other for he lpacaeg aE AE: . | colors in this one design. so beautifully

2ven the nursery has not been left Yended and harmonious, however, that

out. Very pleasing to childish eyes is
a clever jumble of teddy bears,
bits, Noah's arks and an endless
riety of toys,

There is one particularly striking
pattern which the importers cal] the
“Garden of Allah," a pink, blue and
creamy creation showing a white pea- |
cock under a rose tree in full bloom;
startling in effect, but with the colors
so beautifully blended that it could be
used to adve tre in the country house

) breakfast room

The hand printed linens are fascinat-

ling both in design and color, bright

ral
Va-

  
 

INEWEST TABLE COVERINGS farsi? Stet. ii

table tops Tileces of old brocade or
embroidery ean cecasionally be picked
up at upholstery shops, and if bound
with heavy silk or satin in a plain
eolor or wita a firm gold brald they
make charming tabie covers. They
may be IHned with felt or canton flan-
ne} If the cover is meant to hang
down over the ends, weights may be
used to keep the corners from curling
up. Heavy gilt tassels will be an addi-
tional touch,

lor smal] tables Japanese mats, with
their rich blues, greens and gold or
strips of Japanese embroidery, are just
the thing. And what !s more appro-
| priate for the little sewing table than
an old sampler, with its soft bits of
partially faded color?

In the living room of a certain coun-
try house the table cover is always
remarked on account of its beauty, It

 

    

 

ene does net reajize the enormous
amount of thought and ertlsde ability
that the designer incorporated in the
pane},

Fortunate indeed are the home
builders, or those redecorating this
season, for never before have the
manufacturers and importers of wail
coverings and hangings made greater
efforts or been more suceeseful in pros
ducing draperies and decorations,
practical, artistic. and last, but not

  

least, within the range of n
pocketbook.

arly every

but the rest 4vas turned into the hand-
somest sort of The rich Per.
sian colorings, with the deep blue bor
der, could not bave been found in any
other combination of material.
Chintzes and French cretonnes come
in charming colors and in odd conven-
tional designs, When squares or run-
ners of these materials are bound in
heavy gold galioon, no smarter effect
could be asked for. Strips and squares
of heavy crash bound with linen of a
plain color or with a Itnen border bute
tonholed on are practical and = good
looking for camp or bungalow verandas,
The bine and white Japanese tosvel-
ing {3 fresh looking and equally ser-
viceable for summer table covers. The
blue and white or red and white barred
linen toweling, when finished with a
white cotton fringe, makes smart
covers for wicker tables when out of
door teas and junches ure served.

cover

 

 

7 cols =

 

 

 

 

 

  

TODAY'S BEAUTY TALK |

 

Chapeme Srrisiens’©

    
     
 
 
 
 
   

 

|

|
‘ehees Miss Wolfe told all about her! fancy work in the next room. “Oh, |neople. 1 feel so happy, just as if 1 | '
ite in so far as she deemed it interest-! yes,” translated the daughter, “when | | were giving them flowers, My love | . | . ' : |
the then whe rose quickly as if to end | very little I had to take part in a com-| Mr, Godowsky heard me play for the} “It was a niece of Queen Emma's, | for humanity, 1 think, has made me| You can make a delightful shampoo |f%) American women of fashion are quick to discover the }
oe ay ane stood poised a little | petitive musical examination, and it | first time he predicted a great future | the Countess van Bylandt, who gave | what ioe ki carpe? Sak ales with very little effort and for 4 very Po inimitable taste of hats that have the true French accent.
“But tas if to take flight. | Was necessary to stand me on a chalr | for me, saying: ‘me the dress for my graduation from rom ; it a a ate n nat \trifling cost, if you get from your 1 Madame Nicole has sold alarge number of her recent impor- }
View began the would-be inter-|{n order to enable me to reach the} ‘You can play everywhere, and|the Royal Conservatory of Music in| as been bu It upon my work ain | crueeiat a package of canthrox and ii) rations She will show, thts week, a particularly fascinatin ia i
Wer, blackboard." Miss Wolfe stopped | with success!’ putting special empha- | Amsterdam, It was a gown of white | 4nd that I have received no help in dissolve a teaspoonful in a eup of hot tat ’ , » ap y § 5 {

selection of Spring and Summer hats just arrived from
Paris on the Steamship Chicago. Madame Nicole has
been until recently the leading creator of styles for the cele-
brated Maison Georgette of Paris. Her hats are authentic
charming and delightfully piquant. Your patronage ts invited.

49 West 376

any way save through the success of | erties Peete as
my work; this has given me strengtn | Water, Your shampoo js new rendy. | |}
“When 1 was graduated from the! ‘Fraulein Hanna, your talent is) favorite flowers. and always renews the spontanelty any pour @ litte at . Mee on the: |
en, to-morrow." conservatory I was the youngest of| bigger and more versatile than that! “I first remember Queen Wilhelmina, ™Y work. But also that came nat-| Seay and rub briskly, This creates an 4h
*n the reporter returned the next; all the students in Antwerp. I was)| of any woman I have ever known.’ | when she spoke to me and played with | urally, for as long as I can remember | Abundance of thick, white lather that |,
a Young Belgian violist was pres- | then asked to take charge of a branch| “Before this I had become a pro- | mo when I was 5 years old, One night,|! have loved art for the sake of art; thoroughly dissolves and removes the |!
» Miss Wolfe spoke to him inj college of music and there I taught|tegee of Queen Emma, and later of|tweive years later, at a symphony | and for the sake of doing something | dandruff, excess oil and dirt After
Neh, to her mother in Dutch and| advanced piano and composition and| Queen Wilhelmina of Holland. One| concert at The Hague I sat next to the | truly worth while.” rinsing, the halr dries quickly, with a
the reporter in English, When| theory and also conceftized. After a! becomes a protegee of the Queen only | royal hox when the Queen was present, Her mother interrupted her again | fluMness that makes it seem heavier
while I gave up the college work and| when the musical authorities recom- | It 1s customary for the Queen to give | at this point. than it je, and takes on a rich luster
went to Rerlin to. etudy under Gotow- | mend you to her Majesty. This wae) the signal to applaud, hut T hecame| "Tea? Oh, yes; thank you, mother, | and a softness that makes arranging
sky and Heinrich van Eyken, When! near my eleventh year. ao interested in the music that J gave W® are coming.” it a pleasure.

4
' : \ i

“You really want an interview?" sho | again, and again her mother prompted | ais on the last words.
_ hed, and the laughter suggested | her, Then she resumed:
€ flutelike call of a bird, “Very well,

The composer | hand embroidered chiffon over silk
'Van Eyken sald: | trimmed with lilies of the vailey, my

    

SE

Ci LLL aa

German {@ also at her com-
» and some Italian and Spanish.
8 Wolfe excused herself to her

PATO Te i

 

  

    

iinet. eae

BPR a ae A