12

 

 

write
said

a
the |

By JANE DIXON.
se HY don't you
spring story?”
unromantic man.
. “Whadda you mean, a!
epring story?” 1 asked.

“Oh, about ‘In the spring a young |
man’s fancy lightly turns to thoughts |
of love’ and avout poeta in the park |
and all like thet.” |

“Uh-huh,” T said, to encourage him. |

“Well, you know, all that sentiment |

_ Stuf is the bunk. A regular sign of
spring is when the bicycle cop crawls |
out of his hole and makes the first |
arrest of the season or when you walk |
flone the sireet and get binged on!
the bean by a baseball. That's the |
time to dig out the old lightweights |
to see if you can stretch them over!

another summer or whether it is up

y

Fer,

‘
A Spring Song

 

 

 

WHEN THE BIKE POLICEMAN BL

 

cannot depend on the foolish sign lan-
guage.

Nevertheless there is a lot in the
idea about “being binged on the bean
by a baeeball” as a sort of spring song
very April there buds in the boyish
imagination a dream of a diamond, a
white suit with the name of the home
team written in crimson across the
chest and worshipping thousands
shouting, “Bounce on her, boy,” “Put
her over the fence,” “H’rah for Big
Bill, the Terrible Twirler.”

This desire breaks out in the astreét
where you, an innocent passerby, are
walking. Something hits you a ter-
rific wallop. You look at the pretty
stars and wonder whether the Ger-
man Zeppelins are dropping bombs or
whether Villa ie making a polite little
visit to New York.

of the Road.

 

ts ieee _
mh : a

8 THE SUN,. SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1916.

 

SPEEDER IN THE PARK

When the Baseball From the Vacant Lot Makes Your
Bean Its Shining Mark---When the Frost Is Off the
Pumpkin and the Bock Is on the Beer---Don’t Bother
With an Almanac, but Bet That Spring Is Here

 

—_—

New York’s Spring Song.

instead of $45, you may blame the
spring. landlords have a way of put-
ting this over about the time life looks
as if it might be really worth living.
They figure it out this way: In the
spring you begin to expand, to thaw
out with the weather, and the thought
of wrest:ing with piano movers be-

agent for these trifling improvements Is:and way, where they take a cute
he wept on your shoulder and told you little bungalow, and still the next eve-
}in trembling tones how the place was! ning they hie themselves to Jersey
losing money in bundles. So you went | to settle down on @ nifty little farm—
about dolling up the home beautiful/ all on paper.

on your own hook, amd now you either; By the time the verdict {s unanimous
have *o run out on your investment: the head of the family consults the!
or come over with the extra added $5.| ca‘endar and finds that the day after

 

to the tailor to finance a new set of| Looking about you to discover the|comes irksome to you. Besides you| Thea, too, we have the folks who | to-morrow is Labor Day. Sun browned |

scener source of attack you see a baseball] have been taught and doubtless know | begin the chatter about moving to the! people in sport clothes are beginning |
Jus first the idea did not appeal. | bat entirely surrounded by a bunch/from bitter experience that three country for the summer early in|to drift into town in droves.

Being wore or less keen about the| of young Indians rounding the corner | movings equal one fire, so, after all, the | March, and who wake up early in Sep-! pulse of the city quickens, the lights |

Works of the justly celebrated ro-!at the far end of the street, but not | extra five may be a matter of economy | tember to find that the summer is over | of the great gilded highways burn)

Mancer Robert Chambers, also those | before the boldest of the bunch has/|as well as of convenience. It's taking | and the nearest they came to spending | Lrighter, the music is gayer. What)

of a chap by name Tennyson, who! made a dash and rescued the guilty |an unfair advantage, to be sure, thie | it in the country was a trip-to Rock-

Wrote some mighty good rhymes anent
the month of May, IT couldn't see why |
T should get down to earth ort the sub- |
Ject of spring when all the rest of!
the folks were sitting upon the edge
of a silvery cloud with their feet
hanging over, E |

“Maybe you don't get that about the |
bicyele cop,” persisted the man who |
as ssorning aught but the prace

pose
}

 

  

  

tical ily to appreciate this, sign
of spring you must drive an automo. |
bile. 1

“Tn thé suuiner time a man with

 

an automobiie has as much freedoth
#S a caged canary bird. Any time he
shoots the speeds up to something
more than a craw! he expects to be
pounced upon by his ancient enemy
the bicycle cop. No use putting up a
‘ight. You lose, and that fs all there
is to it. How much vou lose depends

upon Whether or not the Judge had
the right sort of breakfast the morn-
ing sentence is pronounced on you,

    

 

“The worst of it is these B. C's do
not carry on the battle in the open,
They fight guerrilla fashion, hiding
behind bushes and sneaking upon you
disgut as neutral citizens out for a
harmicss airing, ;

erry

tere is only one thing can bottle
up the amebition of the bicycle boys,
and that is winter. Winter gets them
and gets them good. Along in early
November they begin scouting around
for a soft spot to light. A cold snap
comes along. The thermometer suffers
from sinking of the mercury, Despite
the profit, pedalling along the boule-
Vards in search of prey is not as pleas-
urable as it was in the balmy days,

“The second cold snap comes along,
‘colder than the first, and the boys de-
cide to go into winter quarters. They
crawl into their carefully selected
holes and pull the holes in after them,
From now on you can crowd the
speedometer right past fifty and noth-
ing happens,

“You have about reached the con-
clusion that this country isn't so much
like Russia after all—a fellow does
pretty much as he pleases under the
Stars and Stripes—when the spring
thaw begins, The sap is moving in
the trees and there are the usua! num-
ber of water wagon casualties peculiar
to the tag end of Lent,

“You are spinning through the park
rejoicing in the fact that to-morrow
you can leave your winter overcoat
with your uncle and get the price of
a couple of gallons of gasolene when
the blow falls. Mr. B. Cop has shaken
off the long winter lethargy and is
right out there showing the captain
how the force couldn't limp along
without him,

“He gets away good with a dozen
or so arrests a day and at the end of
the season the’ city pins a medal on
his chest and lets him lead a parade,
Then he crawis back into hts hole and
Waits for the next summer's pickin’s. |

“But T'll fool them this spring,”
chuckled the man. “TI saw one atir
the other day. The spring thaw Pas
begun and it's me for the watchful
waiting.”

Strictly speaking, I do not believe
in signs, Lots of times the palm of
my right hand has itched and I've
stayed “broke” just the same, Again
the palm of my left hand has itched
and I have never spent a cent. On
another occasion my right ear burned
ike @ conflagration and I learned later
that all the while the bully thing was
burning a group of my best friends
were holding a wm. :ing party with
me on the griddie, So you see you

 

ball itself.

That evening, when you are rub-
Ding the black and blue spot with
liniment and bemoaning the sphere

jsiiding up of rents on the already | Ville Centre, or maybe Yonkers.

tattooed on your tortured body by the}

spirit of spring, you wonder why cer-
tain young ruffilans are not kept under
lock and key or sent to the country,
where they can get the season out of
their system without maiming any
one.

If you wake from a cheerfu! slum-
her some morning soon, and find a

;note under the door, and the note is

from the landlord, and he tells you in
the note that after the sixteenth of
the month the rent will be $50 a month

JUS

T

 

|
T LOOKING AROUND

HE conferring of the Legion of, immediate surrender on pain of bom- |
Honor decoration on Mrs. Edith | bardment.
Wharton, who has been con-| requested and granted, at the end of! make them more attractive they were Warsaw ‘is without not only women
spicuously active in extending! which Olivier

 

do you think of that?

|mer gone—-wasted in the city. Just!
harassed tenants at a period In their! Doubtless the flower catalogues,; you wait until next epring amd sec)

life when they might be happy, but; rampant at this season of the year.| what happens!
that is the business of landlords. iand the young tomato plants con- But why wait? It will be only a!
If you will keep a record of occur- | §picuous tn windows where commuters repetition of the story.
rences along this particular line youg Steam by on their way to the 5:15) “1 know one way to tell spring is,
will find that the canmy collectar of} have much to do with the back to) here,” said the unromantic man when)
monthly moneys carefully delays the Mature fever which courses through | he found I was ectually going to men- |
raise until such time as you have in-| the veins of the city folk in the spring: | tion the rea: signe and leave the sweet |
vested in a new garmenture of rose, time. nothings about cowslips gleaming.
paper for the living room, one of | Picking out country places from the golden in the meadow and violets!
dappled blue for the bedroom and an! papers is a favorite indoor aport right, purpling the wood and the pipes of
outfit of white ename)] for the wood-, now. One evening the family move to. lan calling o’er the lea to the poets.
work of the entire house. Maybe you | the hills of Westchester, @here they, ‘When the revolution business be-
have even gone so far as to cover the} take a cunning little Queen Anne cot- | &ins to pick up down in Mexico it ts al
kitchem wails in oilcloth. tage; the next evening they trundie| eure sigm winter is on the run. The,
When you asked the hard fisted the Jares amd penates down Long’ boys down there don't care much about!

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

dreds of years before the birth of! mind tourists that many of the boot- |
Christ. The egg was chosen as an | blacks of Paris are women and that,
appropriate emblem for this season of | during the process of shoe shining
the year because it contained within!in that city, {t Is the operator who is
An hour's armistice was, itself the germ of life. In order to|seated and the patron who stands.

 

 

was rung up and! colored with dyes or bright paints.| bootblacks but men _ bootblacks as

aid to French women since the start, acquainted with the fact that the fort, The old Teutons used eggs as well as! well, unless the Germans have brought

of the war, is in line with the policy | with a thousand men and thirty-two |
on those! guns, wae prepared to surrender un-|

to bestow the honor only
women notable for works of charity
and hemeficence. Among other women
whose activities along these lincs were
similarly recognized were Sister C

-| of bringing about a chan
dide, who founded homes for consump- | Presidency of Salvador.

buns at their spring feasts in honor | about a reform there recently.

of Eastre, the queen of heaven, and as/ attempt was made to introduce bow

| far back as the time of the founding | biacks into the Polish capital some
; of Athens eggs and bans figured as|ten years ago, but it failed for lack
In 1900 the telephone was the means | ceremonial features in the feast of of customers. The residents took the
ge in the; Ishtar, another queen of heaven. | Hveliest interest in the novelty and a
President | ‘sympathetic crowd surrounded every

conditionally.

 

 

Another sum- |.

ep cenenenetieaellnameaenaonannsemanasesosamansens-sanewaneesgumemmancremeraaet

tive children, and Mlle. Bottard, for- | Guitierez had a powerful rival in Gen-
mary of Baltes, the event aie | erat Regeln ibe heed ot ener
hospital for aged and insane women. atten talanhoned (6 the malace dee!
There have been many departures manding the President's a bdication, as!
from the rule, however. ane queens the army had already turned against
have received the ribbon of the Legion him. Guitierez’s reply is not known,
of Honar, which has aso been given but he left the capital within an hour
to Rosa Bonheur, the painter; Mile,/and never returned,
Dodier, postmistress at Pitiviers “
i o-Prussian war, who
I of heroism, and Mme. | circus miss the gaudiness which char-
Dieulafoy and Mme. Massieu, explor- | acterized the show of years ago. For-
ers. Among American women so hon-! merly the equestrienne delighted the
ored are Mrs. Potter Palmer, who was | Childish eye In a veritable ballet cos-
the only woman member of the Amer-|tume, while the trapeze lady was re-
ican commiseion of the Paris exposi- ;splendent in gilt and tinsel. Now both
tion of 1900, and Cecile de Wentworth, | affect more severe garb. What has
the artist, become of the woman whip who in-
variably bested her male opponent in
the Roman chariot race, and the trick
mule which a farmer in the audience
always succeeded in riding, thus win-
jning a prize? Verily the circus, de-
spite its many remaining excellences,
has changed, but so, indeed, have the
spectators, Yeara ago one never saw
men and women of the audience in
evening dress as one sees them at
Madison Square Garden now.

 

 

 

Oldtimera in going to the modern

 

 

Theodore Roosevelt, Jr., who made a
preparedness speech last Sunday
night, will have precedents as the son
of a politiciam and so‘dier if he him-
self enters active political or military
life, though most such sons have not
begun their activity during the life-
time of thelr fathers, Robert T. Lin-
coln, son of the first martyred Preai-
dent, was active in politics for a num-
ber of years before deciding to devote
his energies entirely to business,
Frederick D, Grant followed his father
into the army and also became a Gen-
eral, while Jesse, another son, is in
politicr. A son of Garfleld was in
Roosevelt's Cabinet. Gen, McClellan's
sor ‘vecame Mayor of New York and
Carter H, Harrison the second, like |

 

The appeal of American soldiers in
Mexico for tobacco recalls the fact that
the word “cigar” is derived from a
Spanish word “cigarral,” which means
garden, but how many know from
what “cigarral” is derived? When to-
bacco was taken to Spain from the
newly discovered America the people
planted it in their gardens. When of- |
fering a smoke to a friend a Spaniard |
would say, “Es dc mi cigarra! (It js
from my garden)”, Through miaun- |
derstanding on the part, of foreigners
this expression was corrupted. The
word “cigarral" was supposed to refer
to the tobacco and in time was short-
ened to “cigarro" and finally to “cigar.”
“Cigarra]" is derived from the word
“olgarra,” meaning a grasshopper, he-
cause the grasshopper abounded in the
gardens and there sang the loudest.
The original of “cigar,” therefore, is a
grasshopper.

father, was long Mayor of Chicago.
One of the most notable instances of
a father’s mantie tailing upon tie sun's
shoulders was In the case of the Cham-
berlaing, in England, though Austen
Chamberlagn entered Parliament long
before Joseph Chamberlain died.

 

 

This wer is not the first In which
the telephone has performed notable
service, though never before was it
used to fix the location of bullets in
wounded soldiers, the employment to
which French surgeons are reported
to be putting it. When the Cuban
General Pablo Olivier occupied a town
adjoining a Spanish fort at the start of
the Cuban civil war he telephoned to
the Spanish commander demanding his

Colored Easter eggs. Ike those now
displayed in the shop windows, were
used in spring religious festivals hun-

The London Standard, which sus-
pended publication recently, is cred-
ited with being the first English daily
newspaper to publish a serial novel.
The initial “to be continued” work ap-
peared in 1858. The greatest scoop of
which the Standard ever boasted was
the exclusive announcement. that Mr.
Gladstone had “found salvation" by
veing converted to home rule.

 

A London writer has discovered that
in Shakespeare's plays one may find a
quotation for every hour in the day.
Thus:

“The bell then beating one."—Hamlet.

“Sure, Luciana, it ia two o'clock.”
—Comedy of Errors.

“The clock hath stricken three.”
—vJuliue Cesar,

“How far into the morning Is it, lords?”
“Upon the stroke of four.”
— Richard IIT.

“At five o'clock
I shall receive the money for the same,”
—Comedy of Errors.

“How's the day?”

“On the sixth hour.” —Tempest.

“Let's see, I think ‘tis now some seven
o'clock."-—Taming of the Shrew.

“The eighth hour.
Be that the uppermost.""—Julius Cesar,

“It's supper time, my lord.
“It's nine o'clock,” — Richard 11,
"Ten o'clock, within these three hours
‘Twill be time enough to go home.”

—Alv’e Well That Enda Well.

“Eleven o'clock the hour.”
—Merry Wives of Windsor.

“What hour now?”
“I think it lacks of twelve."—Hamlet.

And that takes the reader round the
clock.

 

Some of the English women, anx-
fous to fill the gaps made by the call
of husbands and fathers to the colors,
have become bootblacks. This will re-

one who ventured on the daring ex-
| periment of having his shoes shined,
|but few had the courage to face the
ordeal of publicity.

'

\ The anouncement that the average
number of readera in New York's
|; Public Library {ts almost double the
'number of those who use the British
| Library in London or the Bibliotheque
Nationale in Paris should not ve
taken as an indication that the Eng-
lishmen and the Frenchmen neglect
their reading. For one thing the New
York library is open for longer hours
daily than either of the others. A
visitor here from Paris recently was
surprised to find artificial lights in the
big building at Fifth avenue and
Forty-second street. “The  Biblio-
theque Nationale is not lighted,” he
said, “and frequently in winter it is
impossible to read there after 4 o'clock
in the afternoon.”

Before the days of free libraries
book rooms were attached to English
coffee houses and every customer was
entitled to peruse a book while sipping
his cup of coffee, Some of these libra-
ries contained as many as a thousand
volumes and even had printed cata-
logues. Two such coffee houses are
said to have existed in London until
as late as the early ‘80s,

Germany has found a happy solu-
tion of the problem of caring for
singers who have returned from the
war so wounded sa ta make their an.
pearance on the stage impossible.
They are to earn their living by sing-
ing In the movies. In a theatre in the
Friedrichstrasse, Berlin, a few nights
aso “Lohengrin” was projected upon
the screen with the assistance of a
hidden chorus of fifty voices. The
plan, it was announced, is to be fol-
lowed in other cities in Germany. It
may not be amiss to suggest that the
idea is worthy of adoption even where
there is no desire to hide the singers.
As a measure of economy it should ap-
peal to managers, Not a penny’s ex-
penditure for costumes or stage set-
tings necessary!

ee eee

spending the cold months in the
trenches. They prefer to retire to
their nice comfy caves in the moun-
tains, where they can ait around the
campfires and enjoy the loot they
gathered last season.

“Any time they run short of the
luxuries of life they get together and
agree on a rich, juicy village or hacl-
enda where they know the grabbing Is
A No. 1, They descend unexpectedly,
gather everything that isn't nailed to
the floors and depart with the plunder,
singing the national anthem and

shouting ‘Viva Mexico!’ Nothing more

fa heard of them until the weather
warme up.

“All the real banditt! do their seri-
ous training in the spring. A fellow
who owns a better gun than the rest

 

ITHELY NABS THE

a Mexican a fine open spring, a biun-
derbuss and three rounds of ammuni-
tion and he'll start a revolution in a

minute.”

Of the old familiar signe of spring
We have
watched them come and go with such
unfailing regularity that they are no
| longer looked upon as heralds of things

we will speak but briefly.

to be but as a prosaic part of life,

There is, for instance, the day you
dig the well known panama out from
the bottom of the trunk, place it on
your head and wonder if you looked
as funny in !t last summer as you do
now. Many a good wear ie left in the
All it needs is a

old war horse yet.
little blocking.
There is the weird wail of the ol’

of the gang and can hit the side of an|clo’s man when you raise the window

adobe wall one time out of ten says and the resultant ransacking of closets

| |
}

ae
(an
_
“
id
ri

 

_ Vi 7 ‘
Hyp eG
iq ©
Mh

“
‘a

4

°

Fi

mn
Yd PF,
1

| i)
P 1 ]

y Nw

ee]
eB w/|
Le

wer

The Landlady's Spring Song.

he'd like to be President of Mexico. |

The | The others declare they are willing to! This

do their part provided he will give!
them the looting privileges of the
country and split fifty-fifty on the!
spoils. And right away we read about
a brand new revolution in Mexico,

“There is this good feature about!
the annual spring selection of Mexican
revolutions, though: While the train-
ing calls for a lot of shooting, rarely
ever is any one shot. A great many
of the entries break their ankles in
running, but there are very few bullet
wounds. They seldom if ever get close
enough to shoot at one another, and |
they couldn't hit one another if they |
did.

“T myself believe they would get |
better results if they fought with chili |
con carne and hot tamales. A shot or
two of that junk cooked in the native
style would finish any man. Just give

 

AT TH

Lakewoop, N. J. April 15. —Summery
skies, with the mercury dovering around
70, have made life attractive for so-

jJourners here during the past week. The,
hotels are filled to-night, and the indica-}
tions are that they will remain so until;
the middle of May. |

The annual spring tennis tournament,
at the Laurel-in-the-Pines will begin next!
week. Cups will be awarded to the win- |
ners of the women's singles, men's sin- |
gies, doubles and mixed doubles, This ts
the large tourney of the season,

Guests of the Laure! House have en-
Joyed a varied programme of entertain-
ment for the past few days, ending thie
evening with an invitation ball. Thurs-
day evening there was a large card party
for the benefit of local charities and last
night a special moving picture entertain-
ment was given,

Mr. and Mrs, Arthur B. Claflin have
returned to their estate Hyerwood, where
they will remain until they leave for their
summer residence in Hast Hampton, L, I. |

Col. George H. Thompson, who has
been spending the winter at the Palmer,
gave a farewell dance this evening to his
friends {n Lakewood. Among his guests
were his daughter, Mrs. Gieorge H. Beck,
and Mr. Beck, who came from German-
town, Pa., for the week end.

Among those registering at the Coun-
try Club over the week end were Mr. and
Mrs, J. Eberhard Faber, Miss Grace Far-
relly, Mr. and Mrs. $. H. Frommann and
Carl Finck. Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Gibson
had as their club guests H. K. McCann,
R. 8. Cleaves and J. R. Walker

Judge and Mra. Walter Lloyd Smith
spent the week end with Judge and Mrs.
F. M. Scott of New York, at the Laurel-
in-the-Pines.

 

ASBURY PARK.

Aspury Park, N. J., April 15.—Prom-
enades on the boardwalk to-night and
throngs in the hotels signalled the open-
ing of the spring season in Asbury Park
On Monday the Easter entertainment will |
begin in the boardwalk Casino with the!
first concerts by the Prince Ilma quartet |

Attractive musical programmes have

been arranged for the Easter Sunday
services in all the churches, The annual
Kaster promenade will as usual be held
on Sunday afternoon on the boardwalk !

and there will be a further display of |
gowns ard millinery at the sacred con-
ceit in the Ca i the ey “A

The Easter entertainment will reach ué
climax in a ball in the Casino on they
Monday night following. For this event
preparations are being made to entertain
a large number of visitors,

Announcement was made to-day that
the New York Wurehousemen's Associa-
tion will hold {ts annual three day sum-
mer meeting In the New Monterey Hotel
here July 7-11. Reservations have been
made for 125 delegates.

Elvin C. Burtis of the Asbury Pari
Fishing Club has been elected president
of the Association of Surf Angling Clubs
of New Jersey, ‘The association will hold
{ts annual summer meeting here. tob-
ert W, Tunle of Philadeiphia, H. K.
Savage of New York and Dr, William

    

 

sing
MnO

 

SPRI

to make way for the lighter weights.
is followed by the angry cries of

; the excite@ male when he learns that!
| his pet winter suit is mow reposing io

the back room of some Sixth avenue
second hand clothes shop. He had not

| Worn that euit for months, but the

minute it was gone he wanted it in the
worst way.

There {s the regular bout with mile
liner and dressmaker, the mad struggle
to be smart and stylish and different
and the aftermath in the shape of a
sheaf of bills that makes the pocket-
book look as if it had been romped
over by a herd of elephants.

But what care we? It’s all a part of
the season. Let's go out in the sune
shine and laugh and breathe deep and
be glad. Mr. Orchestra Leader, turn
on the spring song please. “Spring
has came.”

NG RESORTS

Daniels and FE. H. Snedeker of Asbury
Park were elected members of the local
club this week.

ASHEVILLE.

ASHEVILLE, N. C., April 15.—An oute
door fete for Easter {s being planned

 

 

 

| by the guests at the Battery Park Ho-

tel. The beautiful grounds around the
hotel are ideal for garden parties,

Dozens of golfers arrived at the hotel
from Pinehurst and other points during
the week, and the spring tournament
now on is the most interesting ever held
at the Country Club. <A special dinner
dance was given in honor of the golfers
at the Battery Park last evening.

Horseback riding grows more popular
every week, Motoring and driving are
also largely indulged in.

Among the late arrivals at the hotel
are Mrs, Jack Bradley, Mrs. C. L. West-
cott, Miss Waverly Westcott, Miss Emma
H, Lockwood, George R. T. Colton, H.
W. Howe, Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Field,
Miss Katherine Seymonr and Mrs. A. L.
Pearse of New York.

 

HALF BILLION SPENT IN SOUTH.

That approximately half a billion dol-
lars has been spent by visitors to the
winter resorts of the South during the
season which is now closing is the news
brought back by George H. Newton, the
hotel] man, who 1s the manager of the
Prince George Hotel, and who has just
returned from a three weeks cireuit of
the prominent Southern resorts.

This estimate is based on statements
made to Mr. Newton by rallroad officials
that about 300,000 persons visited the
Southern winier resorts during Jan-
uary, February and March, Incidentally
the lion's share of this vast expenditure,
which equals the total of the much
talked about Anglo-French loan, went to
the Florida east coast,

 

SHELL SPECTACLE FRAMES.
HE optician sat near his little al-
cohol lamp, over the flame of
which he passed back and forth
the bows of a pair of spectacles so that
they could easily be bent to ft the
customer's ears. And while thus en-
‘gaged he gave his customer some use-
ful information concerning shell

frames and eyeglasses in general.

“These shell frames are in vogue
now,” sald the optician as he pressed
gently on the right bow. “Business

men seem to like them and even some! road, put on a train and © !
women prefer them. They have one| the border.

drawback, a serious one, too, of which

some of their users are not aware, but But he will never get bac:
They|Cartier military field.

of which I wish to warn you,

 

    
  
   
  
     
   
  
    
    
   

BROOKLYN ADVERTIORNMEN Ts
POOL POL PE IPL LPI I me -

EASTER

BARGAINS IN

PIANOS

OUR BIG SPECIAL

PLAYER PIANOS

;: "NEW"
375
ay

Bench, cover and 12 roils

FREE with each Player Piano

USED UPRIGHT BARGAINS
Dunham

Ane

           
         
    

 
   
         
      
       

|

  

  

  

eber

OETZ&CO,

1-87 COURT ST,
eveninas BROOKLYN ,{M0xr

175 W
8

   

are susceptible to changes in ¢ ¥
ture. vee

“For instance, it is of the utmost im
portance that you be very careful sha:
you do not subject your shell frames
to too sudden a change. Otherwiss
you are going to have some troud's
for which you cannot hold the opticlan
fesponsible. You must not go from
@ room in which the temperature «
about 70 degrees into the open where
the temperature is about 10 degree,
If you make this sudden change th
shell frame wil) crack in some place
generally that part in which
lenses are installed.

“The shell of which the frame «
made is more susceptible to changes
in the temperature than steel {s. «'
course you know that when a car ry
is laid allowance is made for the c-r
traction and expansion caused by
cold and heat. Therefore, such
ance obviates all possibility of
occurring from this source

“With the shell frames, however
1a different. Opticians have not:
covered a way to overcome the
ficulty and the users of che! frames
must use good judement anid dey:
upon luck to a certain extent ¢
vent their frames from bel:
by sudden temperature ¢hane
realize that if opticians coud n
allowance for these changes
layers of railroad tracks (
would be obviated. but we cont, pre
cipally because the frame hol!
lens must keep the latter s:
in proper position. Otherw +
would be trouble.

“Low temperature has
of making the shell frames
What causes the she!!! to
Well, when the frames contract | +
giass will not give, so the
have to.

“A high temperature
humid days, causes th: s+
pand. This expansion
: loosening the frames

the

e
allow.
troube

o al tr

 

espe

 

lens. When the latter wor
they get out of position, «n!
quires the services of an o;'
readjust them.
“Sometimes the heat ©
has the same effect
frames as a humid day «
body heat loosens the lens
results already stated
“Perhaps there will come 4
when some person in thie opt
will discover a method ') over
the effect of temperature chu’
the shell frames, but I
one has discovered such ¢
“When you remove y
never lay them down
reat on the glass: insten!
so that the weight
the frames. This |
view of the fact that
down in the former man:
Mable to scratch the lens
pens !t will bother you grev's
the glasses are in use.
“Another thing. There is ¢!
Way and the wrong wa)
lens. Always use a
that purpose and be sure
is correct. Take your #!
left hand, the cloth in t
rub the lens gent!) But
one thing, because ‘ts
Never twist the glasses
and right. Hold the goss
and do the twisting wt!
hand, the oné holding the c'”’
you will not work the «"s
the frame.”

.

on ¢t .

eo

ers

CANADA IS SUSPICI0''S

M

OVING  pieture

  

have their nn
times, especially i
with war work, The expe’

accredited operator for «
concern while taking pi
Val Cartier training

is regarded as rather) 1b
amovie man. Throus!
own, but the indlscret
anger of his home office
ished from the fleld of o1
he had been getting goo! '

Although this man lid
a German name
credentials and the ¢
j authorities gave him |»
take movies of the cam)
reviews, &. All went we
ceived the following te)
“editor":

“When does next :
lland; how many ¢
| carry?"

The text of the merr:
with the name of the oper:
suspicions in the minds of
commanders, On that
man was merrily grin!)
when he was surrounded
soldiers with fixed bayon:
any particular explanation
and his outfit were hus'!*)

 

 

“Very careless of }) im

that message,” though! |