Tel ae Ty

 

 

| Sidelights on the European War
TH SECTION ; Yt
| EIGH "ee eacee UW p W Schools and Colleges—Financial
| News—Games—Problems
eae ——————— a — = ———————S==_
NEW YORK, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, _ 1916. imc atta bids Mead tabbed tate anpstinti ee Ba a la

 

GIOLITTI 1S STILL
A POWER IN ITALY

Although an Exile From Rome
He Directs Majority in
Parliament.

 

CABINET

 

18 UPHELD

 

Aristide Briand, French Premier [PRE MIER OKUM A, APOSTLE: is
OF JAPANESE DEMOCRACY |

 

 

 

Private and Public Virtues

by a Native Hand—His Great Duel With |
a Gigantic Samurai. |

 

By TOHA HACHINO,

 

of the Statesman Sketched

nary man, his enemy was deeply im-
pressed by the halo of sublimity that

 

 

 

FREDERICK LOESER & CO. I,
‘

®
Fulton Street
Bond Stree;

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS, |
JPOP eee |

Sidbilit Wea bee: "00

 

FREDERICK LOFSER & CO.

   

BROOKLYN ~NEW YORK

Guaranteed All Silk Colored Satin
Charmeuse, $1.10

“The Sen's” Japanese § Corre! rathered round his Geartess vietien, who SPLENDID SATIN CHARMEUSE in black and colors, guaranteed not to cut, slip
Special Correspondence to Tae Sun. rane Son 'th Ge cont ‘narees tee tare or rough up. .Correct shades for afternoon costumes, including navy and black.
| Roma, March $1—The Salandra-on- i Seas wy ceneoer I ave chance of manifesting the dauntless At $1.50 this Satin Charmeuse would be reasonably priced, and at $1.10 a yard

nine Cabinet has secured a eo-called
“plethoric” vote of confidence after a

character of Oriental great men Japan
has nowadays, without a moment's
hesitation would I mention the old Count

 

 

spirit that had been burning beneath his
bosdin. Moreover, he was completely
convinced by his ks that he could
accomplish nothing beneficial for the

motherland by committing useless blood-

we consider it very exceptional value.

Guaranteed 35-Inch Colored Taffeta Silks, $1.50

Chiffon Costume Taffeta in a very superior quality and in all the hard-to-

t shades, including

 

Waseda, who is now leading the:

1; @erea. The reasone—there are many, S any an these quemerebie qpedie | Tnstend of flinging down the cold atee! navy, Belgian, brown, amethyst, wistaria, old'rose, Russian green, palm gray, Hussar, Copenhagen,
» @n@ all more or tess ans a ea Geliy war Caves he helped Okuma arise, apologizing for pink, white, turquoise, Nile, also black.
© @ominant a most numerous political perilous seas of a es politics, ie After “this. Gay are cau to have e ®
E party House, ehould come Hie magnanimity toward his personal | hecome great friends with each other. 3 000 Y 95 P t V ] 12%

Souipininh ier oeh o diene eam enemy whe had sctually attempted on | An © tan eesentas earn ty te ards Cc. rinte Ol e, C

ere is ndescr @ cha in

not be clearly understood unless the wars tevene shane eae on tadeneh 48 whole attitude that wins over the heart OST EVERY WOMAN'S Spring plans include one or more frocks of sheer Voile, and this occasion
o origin of the Galandra-Gonnino Cabinet apply to him for assistance, his un-|of the hardest enemies, the very cause makes it possible to bu 7 two yards for the usual price of one.
, 2 gemtnines. hesitating readiness to shoulder any | Of his subsequent wide popularity. | An exceedingly good Voile, printed in floral and polka dots, on white and tan grounds.
Two years ago Signor Giolitt! felt amount of responsibility if by so doing | As an educationist also he is entitled Thirty-eight inches wide.

cxtaighing, and not wishing to face. the teary Nie Denes, protect of premmeties | iow of the distingeumed servioes be

Y the public weal of the nation, the grate- | o e 9

attacks of an active opposition about ful Toontenent of old friends and early | has tendered to the cause of education 95 Children Ss Easter Coats Night Dresses at 85c

the many mistakes of the Tripoli war comrades irrespective of the heaven and |in Japan, The University of ee |

Gas ether troublesome questions 60: earth difference probably created in the | under his presidency and other various | $3 to $10.50 Grades | : Values to $1.25

cided to relinquish power and wait for social position, the high standard of | 8chools pertaining to it comprise more PECIAL PURCHASE 1 A date ot wed.

better days. Signor Giolitt! naturally | morality he observes in his private life, | j than 10,000 students, while the graduates | § n a fine variety of m

counted on his strong majority in Par-
jament (about three-fifths of the House
were and still are at heart Giolittians)
to resume power whenever he chose, and
he consequently intended that his euoc-
cessors should hold office on sufferance
under his tutelage as in the former two
cases in 1909, when the ministry formed
by Baron Sonnino lasted only a hundred
days, and that formed by Signor Lus-
zatt!, which followed it, lasted less than
@ year.

Signor Giolitt!, however, had not
counted on the war, which broke out
suddenly before he had decided to re-

ne

 

| his sterling integrity and atrict probity,
| never questioned during his long public

career of fifty years. All these and
, others support the assumption that he

| ought to be classed among true and cul- |
tivated gentlemen of the first class |

| standing.
' His invartable optimism tn the depth

| of the gloomiest and melancholiest sit- |

uation in which a mortal can find him-
eelf, his infinite resourcefulness in the
face of any hardy and intricate prob-
lems presented him for solution, his dar-
ing intrepidity and excellent nerve and
his lofty contempt of death that more

might count more than ten times the,
number. The university, divided into |
four colleges (literture, law, technics
and commerce), practically absorbs the |
greater portion of the students who do /
not enter the Governmental Institution. |
The Waseda middle school is inferior to:
‘no other similar institution, either pri-
Vate or public, in the excellency of the |
educational service as well as in the,
' quality of the students produced. In the
list of those successful applicants for |
the entrance examination of Govern- |
mental higher schools the graduates |
from thé Waseda middle school always |
the most predominant propor-

at $2 to $7

SPECIAL PURCHASE of children’s Coats of
the finer kinds in two, three or four of a
kind. Of good serge, black-and-white, wool
poplins, gaberdines, silk. poplins and taffeta silks.
A number with lingerie collars. One pretty Coat of
black-and-white check has deep yoke, full skirt |
with bias-belt and rolling collar, piped with silk |
poplin; formerly priced $6.98, now $4.50. Dozens
of other Coats equally unusual at $2, $3.75, $4. 14
$6 and $7. Sizes 2 to 5 years. None C. O. D.
mail or telephone orders.

els, all elaborately lace trimmed in round

styles, medallions and other applications of

insertion. Included are some pink batiste Night

| Dresses in semi-pajama style, with side pockets and
other effective styles in white nainsook.

| Night Dresses, Petticoats and Camisoles,

at $1.49

Night Dresses are of pink batiste. three styles,

two with kindergarten stitch wreath and cross-

stitch in pastel colors; semi-Empire hemstitched

and ribbon buttonholes. Another model in baby

yoke with several insertions of Val. lace; also in

 

     
 
 

        
 
   
   
        
    
    
  
    
  
   
  
    
    

 —

|
|
0 |
a white nainsook, two styles with Swiss embroidery
1

occupy
‘as faianaees “Cbaae meee ried) Aristide Briand, who succeeded M. | possible peace M. Briand has replied | than once confronted him, his resolute tion, a fact most strongly appealing to | $4 to $6.50 Bonnets and Hats at $3.50 and lace.
proclamation of Italy’s neutrality and | Viviani as Premier of France when the | that {t {s not peace but victory for which | oo to carry od amid a of | the confidence of the Japanese public. | 30 Bonnets and Hats at this exceptional saving. Crepe de Petticoats made with effective embroidery ruffle with rib-
practically his majority transferred its | latter resigned last October, was Min- | "eee is fighting. attacks and reproach, even at the ex-/ ‘Count Okuma is also a distinguished | chine, silk and poplin and lingerio, Finished with hand em- | bon buttonholea with half-inch ribbon run through
. |

The Premier is intensely democratic | pense of his personal safety and reputa- educationist in a different sense of the broidery and lace; some with laces and ribbon. Some are Camisoles of de chine with ribbon shoulder

 

allegiance to the new Cabinet, which in-
cluded, besides the Marquis di San
Quillano as Foreign Minister, a couple
of other GiolittiAns among !ts members.
Signor Giolitt!, however, wanted to pre-
vent Italy's intervention, and he not only
failed but he was branded as a traitor
to his country and he had to seek safety
in flight. Since his departure from
Rome last May he has not dared to re-
turn to Rome and show himself again |
in the House. His friends and follawers
have steadily supported the Salandra-
Sonnino Cabinet ever eince, in fact they
are the Cabinet's working majority.

Glolltti's Infleence Felt.

Tt has been said that Signor Giolitti’s
attempt to prevent Italy's neutrality was
nothing but an effort to overthrow the
Salandra-Sonnino Cabinet in order that
he should resume power and take the
credit of Italy's national war. Signor
Giolitti. although in disgrace, still leads
and guides his majority, and as no satis.
factory explanation has so far been af-
ferded as to why Italy is not at war
with Germany the obvious conclusion
has been drawn that Premier Salandra
does not dare to declare war on Ger-
many for fear of losing the confidence
of his working majority of Glolittians.

But besides the support of the Gtolit-
tians, the Cabinet enjoys that of the so-
called “interventists'’’; namely, the Re-
publicans, Radicals, Nationalists, Demo- |
crats and reform Socialists, about 150,
members, who, added to the 300 Glolit-:
tians, have so far voted in favor of |
the Government, which has only the of- |
ficial Sociaiisis and a few independents, |
including Signor Giolitti’s son-in-law, |
about fifty members in all, as opposi- |
tion,

When Parliainent reopened on March |
1 the “interventists” were dissatisfied
at the failure to declare war against |
Germany, which they attributed to the}
Cabinet's weakness and out of deferance
to the wishes of the Giolittians. They |
urged that the Cabinet be strenzthened.
The Glolittians hastened to announce |
that despite the inevitable mistakes in|
the Cabinet's policy they were deter-
mined to support the Cabinet.

 

Patrictiom Runs High, |

The “interventiats” fully realized that |
although the Giollttlans obeyed their
leader and followed his instructions,
still, while many of them were really |
natriotic and had the welfare of the!
country at heart, the others remem-
bered thelr leader's fate, which they |
feared they would share if they ap-'
peared unpatriotic. The war brought |
about the union of all the parties in|
Ttaly and a few well chosen words were |
sufficient to arouse the patriotism of |
the House.

Signor Salandra knew this so well that
despite a threatened crisis he completed |
the preparations for his joummey to
Paris to return M. Briand's visit to
Rome, while the policy of his Cabinet
was being attacked during a week's de-
hate in Parliament. Before the debate
closed Premier Salandra made some
important statements, and Signor Bis-
solat!, the leader of the “interventists”
explained why his party, despite its
dissatisfaction, had decided to vote in
favor of the Government.

“The economic policy of the Govern-
ment,” Premier Salandra said, “is not
due to one or two Ministers, but to the
Cabinet as a whole, and consequently
we assume entire responsibility.

“A ministerial crisis does not frighten
ue, If you think that there should be
a crisis, hasten it. Do not commit the
great mistake of allowing a Cabinet to
retain office if you do not trust it and
intend to overthrow it in the near future.
We have been blamed for entering t

var without diplomatic preparation an
for not negotiating our neutrality and
our alliance. We did not negotiate our
neutrality, because had we done so we
would have dishonored it.

“To-day, Italy, having entered the
freat war with honor, not forced by
‘treet tumults, but owing to the united
will of the King and the people, the
'arliament and the Government, holds
her place with honor, an equal amonet
equals with the great Powers with which

she 1s fighting for the defence of human
civillention and national rights,

Deputy Bissolati, leader of the Demo-
cratic party, said that by criticising the
economile policy of the Cabinet the Demo-
crats did not intend to change the Gov-
ernment, but merely to warn ita membera
of the urgent necessity to collect all Me
enemies of the country toward the aatis-
factory solution of the problems result-
ing from the war.

Out of the 455 members present when
@ vote was taken 394 voted in favor of
the Government, eo that the opposition
consisted of only sixty-one members,
Namely twenty-four cfficial Soctalista,
four Nationalists who voted against the
Cabinet on principle, and a few other
independents, while one member ab-
stained from voting.

[ciples and 4oct:

leter of Justice in M. Viviant's Cabinet. | in thought and manner.

It is little more |

ition, those plana which he believed to

He is a Socialist who has gained the than fifteen years ago that he was an concord with the permanent {nterest of

confidence of
strength of opinion and action. |

As Premier in 1910 M. Briand put an| years he has shown in oS, the ekill| and

end to the great railway strike by mo-
bilizing the railway employees, thus put-

ting the whole situation under military | enemies as an “anti-militarist,” he has | niable fact
In the present conflict he has/ shown himself tn the face of danger one | every

rule.

inet posts which he has held tn recent

and knowledge of a spectialis
Before the war assailed oy political |

the whole republic for, obscure lawyer; yet {n the various C ab- | the nation, the calm serenity of bis mind |

and the tranquil equanimity of his heart
his open hearted simplicity and
friendliness with any one who Is honored
with his interview, testify to the unde-
that he ia equipped with

Necessary quality that goes to

been of especial prominence at the al-!of the stanchest believers in his coun-| make up a great hero of Oriental pat-

Med councils, and has visited both Lon- |
don and Rome for the purpose of se-|
curing more efficient cooperation among |
the Entente, Allies. To all talk of a|

——

 

 

 

try's military power, and his unvarying |
confidence has been an example to the}
republic—if such an example were
needed.

 

KULTUR CONQUEST RHINE TO ANTWERP

OF TURKEY URGED

 

CANAL PROPOSED

 

Frau Marquardsen Explains | German Engineer Favors New)

How to Oust French and
English Books. |

 

Special Correspondence to Tur Sc.

BERLIN (via Ameterdam), March 29.—
!The ways in which to spread German
' Kultur in Turkey are discussed in an ar-
ticle by Frau Else Marquardsen, a promi-
nent woman writer, in the Bookmen’e
Bourse Gazette, This article has been
reprinted in the leading newepapers. The
writer, who has spent many years of
study in Turkey, urges that German lit-
erature would find a large and fertile
field for “peaceful conquest” in the land |
of the Caliphate.

“European civilization.” writes Frau
| Marquardsen, “thus far has been spread
jin Turkey largely by the French, It has
| been contined chiefly to the upper classes,
French governersses bein: the leading dis-
seminators of this eo-called education
| Owing to the general prestige in the Near
| East of French as the conversational
language French literature of the lighter
kind has been widely read in Turkey for
| years.

“England, too, ham played a prominent |
part in the field of literature in the Near ,
East. Russia has done nothing, Italy
‘only little in that respect. England's in-
fluence was secured by the fact that

many Armenians wrote books for and
about Turkey in the English language.

“The German book must conquer Its
| place in the sun in the Turkish Empire.
It must begin with the Turkish capital.
The number of illiterates in the Orient |
ia even to-day very large; in the in-
terior there is at present no compulsory. |
@chool attendance; in fact, here the {l-
literates generally still look with pity |
upon the few literates. |

“Constantinople, the strong and lively
heart of the Ottoman empire, must be
the starting point for the campaign of)
German Kultur. In endeavoring to
fascinate the interest of the circles sus- |
ceptible to literature and direct it from!
the contemporary French literature to;
that of Germany It must be remembered |
that the Ottoman has a childlike, simple |
mind, dependent for its “nourishment”
since the earliest youth upon the |
wonderfully picturesque reproduction of |
fairy tales and hero legends through |
itinerant narrators.

“For that reason French literature
does not really appeal to the Turk. He
reads the French productions because he
knows the language and because he can |!
get plenty of French books which he
can read and understand easily. Here
is a vital point—the books must be easily |
readable. It goes without saying that
books destined for Turkey must be
printed in Roman letters, not in German |

script.

“nan these books emphasis must be laid
upon the things which the Ottomans
have inherent and in common with us:
Cleanliness of inner and outward man
in ell questionse of the body and the
soul; patriotism, belief in fairy tales,
faith in God and longing for heaven.
Over all this there must hover the atmos-
phere of the genuine, harmless, innocent
child's mind.

“Cheerful books musi Le placed on the
Turkish market, books in whose cheerful-
ness there must nevertheless lie a deep
meaning,

“Besides, the German books must,
above all, try to teach the Turks a better
conception of woman, woman's life and |
her position in the community, Paris |
productions do not do this, To convey
to the Turks a proper conception of the
life and functions of German women
would be meritorious and promising of
good resulta, though very difficult, as it
must ©e taken into consideration that
woman and love take an entirely differ-
ent place in the Oriental life than they
do with the Europeans. But if the Turk
obtains a true idea of the German woman
that idea will serve him better than any
other bnew ieton, in erworbing our prin-

nes,’

 

' suggested

, Antwerp,

{burg to Antwerp would

Mouth for River Af-
ter War.

 

“After the war there must be a new |

Beigium.”

This statement, made by the Tmperta!
German Chancellor, Dr. yon Bethmann-
Hollweg
Reichstag, a week ago last Wednesday
directs the Interest of those who are
following the trend of the German press
to Aa number of plans discussed of late
by the editors in the fatherland with
regard to the future relations between
Germany and Belgium.

The suggestion of a tariff union with
the little kingdom now occupled by the
Kaiser's troops has been a popular topic

| of discussion In the press of Germany.

Among other projects on
is one by J. Rosemeyer, of
Koeln-Lindenthal, a prominent engineer.

Herr Rosenthal's tdea, based on the
anelent principle, “Navigare necesse
est,” {8 to create a new mouth of the

Rhine by connecting that river with
Belgium's great seaport,
Zeebrugee, the little town on Belgium's

this subject

coast which now serves the Germans as!

a submarine base. In a lengthy articie
which has been reprinted in many of the
foremost pan-German organs, he points
out that such a “Rhine-West-Canal"
would be welcomed by Holland. For the
canal, under his plan, is to lead through
Holland, via Sittard, through Dutch
Limburg and would thus be of great
service in expanding not only German
but also Belgian and Dutch commerce.

The distance from Cologne, on the
Rhine, to Antwerp by way of the new
canal .would be, Herr Rosemeyer fig-
ures, 140 miles,
be about
miles. The former distance could be
covered in seventy-four, the latter in
sfeventy-one hours. The total length of
the proposed canal is figured at about
152 miles, and the total cost of con-
struction is estimated at 314,000,000
marks, or $78,500,000,

| FAKE FOOD FOR GERMAN ARMY |

122

 

Trader Sold Shaneauds of Tons to
the Administration.

Beruin, via Amsterdam, March 20.—
Among the numerous cases of sules of
“fake” food wares to the German troops,
which the Government is vigorously
prosecuting, the following are two of

e most flagrant violations;

Max Schmitges, described as a well
known trader in Muenchen-Gladbach,
proprietor of a delicatessen store and
incidentally inspector of markets, sold
thousands of tons of ‘Delikatess-Her-
ring in Mayonnaise,” the only trouble
with which was that the herring was
consvicuous for its absence,

“His much advertised and widely sold
product did, however, contain potatoes
and ecarroata minced with other inrredi-

| ents, which mixture he packed in five!

pound tins, selling them at a ridieu-
lously low price, but withal about three
times the actual worth. Schmitges was
sentenced to nine months in prison and
three years loss of cltizen rights,
Thousands of tons of his mixture had
been sold to the army administration

The second case is that of Frank
Koch, a leather dealer in Nuernberg,
who has been sentenced to five months
in prison and 2,000 marks ($500) and
the closing of his business, for supply-
{ng boots to the Bavarian troops, the
footgear largely consisting of a prepara-
tion of cardboard, In this flourishing
business Herr Koch had been engaged
for months, and had already sold 125,000
pairs to the troops when the fraud was
discovered,

in his latest speech before the |

and |

tern.

Conquers by His Dignity.

He is a man who conquers by his
personal dignity and his overwhelming
~~ | sweep-it-allness, not by the ingenuity of
| his artificial skill or the elaborate de-
vice of fine machinations. A very inter-
| eatin story is told which most clearly
indicates the traits of his personal char-
} acter.

While he was studying in Nagasaki as
lan elite student, despatched from his ¢ lan,

 

lone day he chanced to visit a restaurant |

where a gathering was held among his
; school fellows As the feusting went on
j they grew happier and jivelier under the
j influence of wine Okuma was not the
| exception He {ndulged most freely in
lecturing his views on the current topics,
Strongly advocating the necessity of
transplanting Western manners and {n-
stitutions for the purpose of carrying out
rapid improvement of the national
condition which was then yet in the
jweke of rejuvenescence, he'plessiv crude

| the

(and infant, from the standpoint of mod-
ern civilization
His advanced ideas and resounding

}eloquence fascinated the audience,
| posed chiefly of young men likewise sent
by different feudal lords to eormplete
their education in Nagasaki, then looked
upon as the centre of the modern en-
lightenment in the Far East As he
approached the close of his oration one
of them hasti'y withdrew from the place
, without being noticed by many others
They all drank and ate to their heart's
content in a Inanner most becoming to
| youthful, unrestrained, self-complacent
heroes who think the firmament too
stinall and the earth too narrow before
the gigantic ambitions they are revoly-
ing within their hearts

Lute at night the banquet was
Every one took to his way home,
being among the number. As he parted
from his comrades and went treading
along a dark local path a gigantic
murai (a man ®elonging to the warrior
caste) suddenly emerged from a by cor-
ner, fully equipped for ai fight, his
sleeves bound up with the sword cords
to insure the freedom of arms, his skirts
folded up to help the agility
ment and his head tightly bandaged to
prevent sweat from flowing into the eyes
during the action.

Fumbling with the hilt
red sheathed sword, he strutted up be-
fore Okuma and havehtily remarked,
“You wretched betrayver, to speuk of
‘opentng this sacred realm of gods for
the white barbarians! I have long been
waiting here to stifle your ventilation.
Now, let's be fair. Make your prepara-
tion and cross swords with me!"

com-

 

closed
Okuma

fue

while that from Duis- |

Okoma Accepts the Challenge.

from such a challenge, which he
stantly accepted with a heroic amile on
‘his face. lis preparation was finished
in a moment
‘other as a true Samurai should before
the opening of a single conibat and then
j with a thundering shout
were simultaneously withdrawn, mark-

fing the beginning of the duel. A _ hot
{fight ensued, sparks of fire gushing
the blades as they struck each

from
leshar now and then lighting up the aw-
ful darkness that alone stood witness
to the bloody scene now actually going
on,

| Though both of them
distinguished in their
;Okurma was slightly surpassed by his
veteran opponent, But what he wanted
in art he made up with intrepid valor.
Nevertheless, as the fieht went on, his
l inferiority became moi, l more clearly
indicated in his Increasing
ness, which fact redoubled the eagerness
and energy of his resolute enemy, who
now struck without a moment's inter-
mission with his heavy sword, which
Okuma, being utterly exhausted, found
it increasingly difficult to avoid or catch
with his own,

Driven, as he was,
tremity,
lected as ever. Confronting the certain
death, he would not stoop to ask for
the mercy of his foe; but with a sudden

 

were likewise
swordsmanship

to such an ex-

jump backward he signalled to his op- |
ponent to wait and haughtily remarked ;

with admirable self-composure: “You
are decidedly superior here, I don't find |
it of any use to put off my death by
hopelessly struggling. Now head me off! |
You miserable, to think you could stem
the tide of the world's progress by killing
me! Remember I only conveyed the
opinion of the generat enlightened pub-
lc {"

So saying he sat down on the ground
with his eyes closed waiting for the
execution,

of move- |

of his long |

Okuma is not a man who would recoil |
{n-"

They potitely saluted each |

long swords |

breathless. |

yet he was as serene and col- |

Having also been no ordi- | from the common group of human being.

great teacher of
belonged to the!
his situation |

, word He is the
democracy Having
minor Hizen clan by birth,
in the Japanese politics has always
been somewhat isolated as compared |
With those potentates who enjoyed the,
effective support and protection of the
influential clan of Satsuma and Choshu ,

    
    
  
   
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  
  
    
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
  
    

} that took an active part in bringing
| about the restoration of the Imperial
power through the dethronement of the

| Shosun It is this very circumstance ,

‘that made a democrat of him.

} During his fifty years of political life
it hos been his unswerving warfare to
array the combined force of the unprivi-
leged massa against the despotic influence
of th» privileged few. And how much
he has thereby contributed to the cause
ef political freedom, the enlightenment
of national ideas, the protection of per-—

;sonal liberty, the propagation of consti-

tutional spirit and lastly the self-respect

and political consciousness of the people |

needs no special recommendation here. |

| There stands the undeniable fact directly
confronting the observers,

 

!
Democracy in Japasa,
Democracy must be tnterpreted tn
Japan a8 a government of the people,
ly the people and for a people under
guidance and auspice of his majesty the
Mueperor In the ideas of the Japanese
the sacredness of an emperor {s not ar-
floially presumed, but is a_ historical
conviction, strong in the growth of cen-
turies. This ts the national faith, fort!-
fied by religious beljef

If the Emperor, legally sacred and in-

Violauble, etands alone in the struggle of
politics if ie not because he is a ta-
tional ornamentation (as in some other
Ountries), but because he ts associated
with divine dignity that lifts him above
the reach of vulgar responsibilities, for
he is considered the very seat of asov-
erelanty, the fountainhead of laws and
onstitulians, being the direct descen-
dant of the Armeterasu. Omikam!, the
divine ancestor whose shrine tn the Tse
! province makes a veritable Jerusalem
to all Jupanese, except those who are
sconverted Christiane,
| The spirtt of democracy advocated by
{Count Okuma and his followers must
}be algo interpreted as consistent with
(this perennial faith of the nation and

(adapted to the religious notion of an-

cestral worship. If in European sense
democracy meane the equality of all
men for the share tn the Government, tn
Japan tt sign'ifles the equality of all
fsubjects to ehare in the Chovernment
Yunder the ausplee of the Emperor; tn
other words, every one should be

privileged by right of birth to attend to
service of the Mmperor.

Let me now recommend a tra{t of his
Imushanimnous character, ag it tends to
»Wowhat sert of virtue has been fos-
ed among the Japanese bred under the
the Bushido,

‘Twenty years ago when Count Okuma
assumed the task of treaty rovision, the

premature disclosure of the draft of the

i; hew treaties disclosed the fact that a pro-
| Vision was made for the employment of
{foreign Judges tn the Japanese Supreme
| Court, a condition imposed upon Japan
in exchange for the removal of consular
i Jurisdiction of extraterritoriality of
foreigners,

One Kurushima, a burning but simple
minded patriot, exasperated over such
an apparent humiliation, waited upon the
Count with a bomb, whieh he hurled at

 
   
  

ts of

his carriage as he came out of the
!Porefgn Department. The scene was
made remarkably pieturesque by the

| dauntless attitude of the Count as well
tas by the Bushidoiec martyrdom of the
| assassin,

Commits Harakirt,

At the sudden approach of the mes-
] ger of tervible death the Count, with-
Fout at all losing the composure of his
mind and attitude, loudly shouted to awe
him down \ few seconds afterward he
' wos thickly enveloped in the white smoke
that followed the thundering detonation

1 ser

| of the explosive, The assassin, having
fully confirmed himself of the success
jof hig attempt, quietly seated himself
fon the ground, half undressed hime
jself gnd drew oa long bloody hyphen

facross his lower abdomen with the point
of his dageard, which he subsequently
| placed | before himself, and then’ with a
ptragic but aatlsfa smile bowed down
‘to rise no more,

    

thus committing

By
harakiri gn the spot he evinced that he

love of the
life had

was solely actuated by the
country for whose cause his
long been offered,

Ten years after this, when the decen-
nial anniversary of the assassin was
iecelebrated among his old — friends,
i;Okuma sent out his secretaries to the
| place where the memorial rites were per-

formed, to pay feverence to the soul of |
the departed martyr, expressing his open |
hearted sympathy with the patriotic mo- |
tive which drove the deceased to such a |

determinate though mistaken measure,
This one fact shows how far he is from
‘letting himself be Influenced by the base |
personal prejudice and what a broad |
magnanimity of heart distinguishes him

copies of French mode Is.
orders,

None C
Infants’ Store—Second Floor.

©. D. No mail or telephone |

Pus. shoulder strans
Second Floor

straps: others with new models,

Other Good Values In Brief

Pearl Bead Necklaces, 49c to $1.98, Instead of 75c |

to $2.50.

Main Floor.

29c to $1.29 Venetian Laces, 9c fo 39¢.

5c to 98c Linen and Cotton Cluny Laces, 2c to 29c.

29c to $1.29 Valenciennes Laces, 10c to 49c Piece
of 12 Yards.
Main Floor.

Women’s 35c to $5.50 Silk Stockings, 25¢ to $1.79.

Men's 35c to $1.35 Silk Socks, 15c¢ to $1.

Men's, Women’s and Children’s 25c and 35c Hose, |

18c.
Main Floor.

An Extraordinary Collection of Special Table

Linen Values.
Main Fleor.

Men’s $21 Solid Gold Watches for $13.
Women's $18 Solid Gold Watches for $12.

Main Floor,

Laced Front Bon Ton Corsets, $1.98, Some Values |

to $8.
Second Floor,

$1.45 and $2 Bedspreads, $1.25 and $1.85.
Basement.
Special Values in Women’s Easter Gloves.
Main Floor,
Men's and Young Men's Suits at $17.50.
Main Floor,
Annual Easter Flower Show and Sale.
Basement.
mee ie oF White Nottingham Lace Curtains, 49c to

Third Floor.

Men’s and Women’s Handkerchiefs, 5c to 1214c,

Instead of 121gc to 50c.
Matin Floor,

18c Pillowcases for 15c.

| 89c Full Size Sheets, 79c.

| 35¢ Embroidered Pillowcases for 29c.
Basement.

$40 Limoges China Dinner Sets, $25.
“ Porcelain ‘“‘Cottage” Sets, 52 Pieces

for

$2.98 Cut Flower Vases for $1.98.

| $3.98 Cut Glass Comports for $2.98.

| $4.98 Cut Glass Orange Bowls, $3.98.

| Sale of Table Tumblers, 5c to 19¢ Each.

Ribbon Loom Ends, Usual 6c to 90c Kinds, 3c to

39c Yard.
Main Floor.
New Easter Petticoats at 32.8 95 to $13.50.
| Second F

$17 Algerian Rugs, 8x10 fa $11.50.
Other Extra Values in Summer Rugs.

Floor,
Untrimmed Hats. An Easter Sale at 98c, $1.50,
$1.98 and $2.50.

Second Floor.
Easter Blouse Sale at $2, $2.95, $3.95 and up to

Second Floor.
Gusranteed All-Silk Colored Satin Charmeuse at

| Guaranteed 35-Inch Colored Taffeta Silk at $1.50.

Main Floor,

 

 

approve (as most people do) we ¢

of equal cost. They
sicians. At resents
for dissatisfaction:

are all well-known,
each of these Pia

and us.

Pianos, $198 Up—P

Prices of: Upright Pianos begin as
Lower than these prices we cannot go w
instruments. It is our belief that chea
satisfactory—and often without Mowi

The Piano we sell for $198 is full

sicianly performance,

Your Own Te

ESTEY
FRANCIS BACON

Fourt

First, by the maker, second, by Loeser’s.
DOUBLE guarantee which affords greater security and binds both the maker

Player-piano at $395 is simple in construction, easy to play and ec: apable of mu-

THE FAMOUS KRANICH & BACH
GORDON & SON

Service As Well

as of a Good Piano

TIS VERY LIKELYTHAT
LOESER’S SERVES YOU with
considerable regularity in supply-

ing clothing, home furnishings and
other necessities. If so, you go to
Loeser’s because you have found

Loeser merchandise dependable;
Loeser prices fair; Loeser considera-
and

tion for you your patronage

placed on a broad basis of satisfae-
tion,

That is the basis which should un-
derlie every purchase of a Piano or
Player-piano. It is the only satisfae-

tory basis upon which to buy any-

thing. Yet too often such a basis does NOT fortify Piano purchases.
If you feel that Loeser business methods are the kind of which you

are prepared to supply at any price between $198 and $1,250, an instru-
ment as good as or better than even larger sums will purchase elsewhere.

Six Noted Doubly Guaranteed Makes

Six of the foremost Pianos of America have been chosen (without bias) from
among all available makes for representation here.
prices we believe these Pianos present greater valve than is to be had in any other

 

At each of their respective

all long-established, all respected by mu-
nos is doubly guar anteed against any cause
This is the famous

an demonstrate quite clearly that we

Make SureofGood -

layer-pianos, $395 Up
low as $198, of Player-pianos at S398,

hile still maintaining the character cf ‘he
per instruments invariably prove to be un-
ng the purchaser any redress.

toned, well made, easy to keep in tune, The

rms—In Reason

GABLER
eal I BROS.

h Floor,

  

 

 

Sg RR gn eee es enna — =

el tr re en te

ee ee