entities

os

rao

 

— ""

 

 

ome

 

INTERESTING SIDELIGHTS ON WAR AS SEEN

 

 

ANYTHING THAT FLOATS
AIDS BRITISH ON TIGRIS:

 

Boats of Every Description Pressed Into Service to Keep
the Army Supplied With Food, Ammunition
and Other Supplies. |
|

 

Special Correspondence to Tur Sis,

Lonvon, March 14.--The diMeuttios of
@ tWentieth coniury army invading the
“oldest country on earth’ —Mesopotamia
—Iin maintaining communications with
the outer and younger world, are de-
sctibed by Edmund Candler, the official
reprosentative of Yhe Peitiss press with
the British forces which are mov-
ing up the Tigris to the relief of Gen.
Townshend and his army surrounded at
Kut-cl-Amara.

The objective of the British Mesonpo-
tamian forces ia Bagdad, but at present
the efforts of the relief column are being
Strained to release the army of Cen
Townshend. The Tignes is the ne of
communication of the British army, and
stores of all sorts must be transporte’ up
the river a distance of 4090 miles or
mote to the army To keep the great
force supplied with fool, ammunition,
and the countless other things needed by
the army every available type of vessel

 

fe pressed into service by the British.
From steamboats to the “caldronlixe
gufar of Bagdad, probably the oldest
boat in the world.” as Mr. Candler

 

scribes it, all are pressed into the servic
of keeping the Tritish forces fed and pro-
videl with ammunition,

The boats serve different functions.
The first line of transports, that closest
to the army. carries the ammunition
and tools sufilcient for the day, Mr
Candier says. The second jine of trans-
ports is for the rations, kits and blan-
kets of the soldiers. The third is the
reserve, carrying the daily supplies
needed by the army.

Anothe: function of
make their way up the river
ever further lines of transport
supplies so that the stores may
be diminished.

The most up to date craft on the river,
are a number of paddlewheel steam-
ehips of 400 or 500 tons, all drawing |
legs than five feet of water. These ves-
gels, cach with a lighter on either side,
keep up with the advancing army on
the banks. Each of the brigade has its
parent ship, which keeps It, filled with
supplies. The parent ships in turn are
eupplied by mahatlas, river sailboats
with high masts sioping forward, carry-
ing «a lateen sail and built with a
Pointed cutaway prow and a huge rud-
Ger. Each boat is embellished with
Arabic designs and characters

To supplement the self-respecting
Padidie ste of the Tigris,” Mr.
Candler writ ‘the most heterogeneous
collection of serap iron and remnants
of river traffic have heen gathered in,
taxing the resources of India’s inland
Mavication from Bhamo to sind,

“How this craft ever found
@ver the oces the Providence

atches over. the improvident alone
knows Revend question the boat of
the mest catholic ancestry at pr pnt on
the Tigris is the Aerial, half houseboat,
half aeroplane. The hull is from Brah-
maputra and it is fitted with an ait
propeller and a 59 horse-poy seine
Diese) type engine, and it makes more
noise than a miner
as a shikar boxt in Assam,
owner and navigator had a h
spiration, and this miracle of private
{mprovisation is now the officially rec-
egnized hospital ferry. It plies hourly

 

is to
to

the boats

with

  

     
 

 

   

ite way
which

  

 
    

 

 

It once plied
hut

its

  
 

 

 

 

JOSHUA

OONSHINI
clear

is
water

as
and
of a
stout

ishey

wh

as oe
thereby han a tale
thin man whe became
@nd then becume thin agai
Joshua Macgraham
rex! name, bur it will s
pose—lived on a little
Cumberiand Mountains of
Like most farms in the Cumberlands
Macgraham’s place was one-third bot-

 

 

in the

farm
Kentucks

tom lands and two-thirds hillside. And
the hillside section was steep, almost

 

perpendicular in fact, the kind ut
mountain folks say can be planted

only with a shotgun, Macgraham did

 

 

not, as the joke runs, p.ant corn
by shooting it into the hillside with
@ shotgun, but he did work mighty
hard getting his seed sown.

At last, thoroughly disgusted with
his hard lot, forgetting the teachings
of his father, who had been an elder

in the Christian Church (Disciples),
Macgraham decided to turn his crop of

corn into whiskey. There are two
ways of doing that; haul the corn to
@ regular distillery or set up a still
for oneself, Joshua decided on UU

latter plan. For one thing, mount

foads ure motoriously bad; it was a
long day's drive to the nearest «is-
tillery and there would be more profit

fn setting up a stil for himself
The old wash boiler of his deceased

wife—the man lived alone —served
very well as the main part of the
etil!l. This was set up on four stones
and into this was dumped the sour
mash. Being somewhat of a tinker,
Joshua made a cover for the boiler
and then came some sections of iron
gas pipe and a bucket to catch the
drippings. The gas pipe was bought

of a man who was close mouthed and
not given to taiking to strangers,
pecially strangers who might be United
States marshals looking for moon-
shiners. Water is necessary in mak-

 

es-

  

 
 

  
 

ing liquor, and the still was set up
on the mountain side, in a thick grove
of sma!! timber, where a spring gushed
from the hillsid

A fire was started and then in a
Nttle while a liquid as clear as water
Gripped from the section of gas pipe.
This was the “first shots.” t is
generally called. According tuo the
time honored custom of malong good
whiskey, Josiua ran his “first shots”
through the stil. Uy this time there
Was not nearly vo inuch of it, bit
had the proper strength, three drinka
of it--that is man's sized drinks
Joshua Was willing to guaranter
would make wv wile rabbit lool
Hike three loping kangaroos, Sueh
was the claim he made for dis nread
and money back if it failed. But no
one ever called for a recund, so it must
have been all that the mountainecr
gaid.

Aging isn't considered necessary in
eastern Kentucky, so Joshua put his
goods on the market) immediately,
Aged in a charred barrel, the whiskey
would have taken on an amber hie,
but folks in Joshua's neighborhood

were not uced to that kind of whiskey,

for your mmounteineer is a hardy soil

and cares not for the little niceties that

ure essential to eome folks
business was brisk, Folks for miles

around had heard of Joshua's guaran-

[he at

the:

never

1" Turks by that ronte south of his strong-

 

between the fleld ambulance on the river |
bank and the hospital camp. It has run |
the gantlet of shot and shell and mine, |
and the adventures of {ta navigator be- |
tween Ctesiphon and Sheikh Saad alone |
would provide maternal for a bulky vole |
ume.’

Among other vessels alding the Brit:|
ish in thelr advance fs the gufar, the |
oldest boat in the world, It i# merely |
a reed basket with uprights, the whole
being plastered over with pitch from
the bituminous wetla of Ifitt.

“Herodotus describes them as ‘sound
as bucklers,’ spinning down stream with
merchandise from Nineveh to Babyton.,'
faye the official presa representative.
“Each gufar carried a donkey and was
navigated hy two men, Arrived in Baby-
lon and the merchandise disposed of,
the gufar was dismembered and the
parts carried back by the passenger aas.

One first meets with these craft at
Amara."
The bellum, as the long, narrow,

cancelike boats of the river are called,
were also pressed Into service during
that part of the campaign in which the
British fought the Turks on water, They
were made bullet proof with tron plate |
and were used in carrying infantry to}
tttack Turkis) positions. The Sépoys

 

 

i
! with the expedition punted and paddled |

oe boats after the Arab ownere had |
€

Toe Tigris makes possible the British |
advance toward Ragdad from the VPer- !
sian Gulf, for without it the mainte-
nance of a line of communication would,
most inypossible, but it renders ser}
vice likewise to the opposing Turkish |
army.

Ive large river eteamships bring sup-
niles down the river to Shumran, about !
five miles north of Kut-el-Amara, where
Gen Townshend's army, although |
surrounded, still controls the river and

prevents supplies from reaching the |

hold. The Turkish forces south of Kut- |
el-Amara who hem in the British force |
and oppose the relief column are fur-
nished with necessities by caravans of
°vs and camels,

ps and equipment from the in-
of Asin Minor are alvo trans-
ported down the river from as far north
as Jezireh on kelleks, huge rafts buoyed |
up by ekins, which are sold when Bag-

  
  

 

terior

 

dad ‘8 reached, In addition to the river
transport, the Bagdad railroad runs:
nerth from Bagdad to Samara, about!
ninety miles _away.

In his ar@ele Mr, Candler purposely
omits reference to the navy, the Roval
Indian Marine and the Arab mine
pers, as these are considered wiill-

sweeper
tary 6ecrets,

 

 

WOMEN COOKS ARMY TUTORS. |

Their Employ ment to ‘Inatouet S ote)
diers Urged in England.

TANDON,

March 11.—-Dr. Sloan Ches-
ser, speaking recently at a meeting at
the Institute of Hygiene, urged the em-

 
  
 

ployment of women cooks to
scldiers. Those harge of ca
hospital Kitchens, she said, Were in f

ignorant of cooking and dietetic s, |

the Government had only begun, |

in ¢

 

cases
and

 

 

MACGRAHAM'S MOONSHINE-.-A STORY

 

‘eo regarding the rabbit and three
kangaroos Jcshua Macgraham had]
never been so prosperous in his life. |

Without delay he bought a flock of

ch iekens,

killed off all his own

     

    

during ¢ few weeks, and there
was fried n for br <fast, ditto
for dinner and Ukewise for A
in's vuund dog sat on his
hes beside the mountaineer’s

alle and ate bones tossed to him

 

master. Such was the state
at he did not

clean.

of the
bother to

  

man’s mind th
pick the bones

Fried chicken is calculated to make !
any, man fat. In a Httle while the
hound dog began to bulge at the sides
d Joshua began to bulge, but not
at the sides. Hts flesh formed in front
of him where folks could see it and
envy him.

With the anproach of spring, money
Was almost gone and so was the sup- |
ply of hore made liquor. Investigat-
ng one day, the mountaincer found
there was left to him only two gallons
of whiskey. He sat on the porch when
the sun was hot, and apparently he
dozed, fat and opulent, But the man
Was not dozing. He was planning to
sell that remaining two gallons of
iquor at a fancy price,

Marly next morning the man saddled
old mute and, heund dog trotting!
animals heels, Joshua tn the
they turned down Little Ben
Fork and after following this seven
miles the road branched out and
skirted a fork of Big Sandy River.

   

his
at tre
saddle

 

Pl atton, and starting " We 1
After two days of riding, spending the flict is a good many times the whole to “make” the cotton crop, while all smaller, Horses were not driven. to a ori aes oe , h mi ward penni-
nights en route in log cabins, Joshua expenditure of both North and South other supplies came from the “smoke | death in less than a week, as they are bus clot} ae “y et eae as -
tencnee the head waters of Big Sandy for the same object during the four house,” to which the slay eu resorted on the battlefields of furope to-day hand put Garnett en my bagk.” he
METRES {vears of the civil war. Cavalry has once a week for what they needed. ha sh mae WAhs nh: kha Matiharn | GUAInty anid
All that winter lumbermen had been | gone up in the air, so to speak, in the In some parts of the Bouth oxen were avalry began to be atten aAn hiad Civané iatetha sufreandaring Gant
busy in the woods, felling t.mber and European war, but it kept its feet or always used im logging, clearing new than the Southern and it Was the rates at \ spon tt . tat ce San iene-
rolling it down to the river. Then part of them most of the time on the sround and other rough work, because dity of the e ne tama ee BR ts iy ay . sar la re . set nose
came the spring rains and the river ground fifty years ago. Cavalry horses the negroes could not be trusted to in the Dane ; om u f bs eid PARAS) . oe ree Ipom tke the crop of that
rose four feet in a single n¥ght and) and draft animals end beasis of bur- Work so expensive an animal as the an . oi, RUere arena? round up! yeu é sto Unc le Sam, in spite of
the lumbermen were off. The water | den played relatively a far more im- horse, or even the mule. The South voller nan sh oF cou a Pees the the Srogatul _ SILC ritice of horseflesh
had picked up the large timber rafts’ portant part in the civil war than they | Was especial y rich in mules at the bi 4 aot ’ — many horses in during those four years, he eame out
and started them downstream. On | are now pia in Kurope. opening of the war, amd they were ts v4 * ae am found thelr way of the war the Brot st owner of horses
each raft were two men, sometimes. The nearest approach to the motor much used in Confederate wagon 2 : eeu enereey ne the Conse jon earth, probably the greatest ever
three, and they were all happy, for the vehicles 40 important to-day ‘1 war trains. ; ie r ng nie a y sb ie 6 tor known, Job in his highest prosperity
winte work was over; soon they were the tight draft gunboats that the rhe mule earned during the civil | I nh eer oe au foe ae Was nothing to him. Mang men of the
would reach the Ohio River, where | tnjony kept plying on shallow South- war his place of honor in American’ turing those of the shemy it Was a) Union army returned home on. their
they would be paid off and would turn ern rivers for the conveyance of humor, for the Confederate soldier was matter of prime importance to see own beasts, and one sees in imaginna-
the rafts over to other men to float | troo »s and supplies, and for shelling ‘'" irrepressible joker, and the mule,| that the cavalry horse was well fed tion that million ef veterans riding on
them down the Ohfo or to the nearest | tye aye “afloat "or ashore The | 48 seen in mass, and as he emerged | and weil shod, Every considerable a thousand different highways and by- |
SAWT isouth made a far smaller use of such fem his fellows by reason of highly | cavalry command had its travelling | ways back to the Mfe and occupations
Joshua Maegraham reached the! craft. As now in Burope, the Southern Geveloped mulish qualities, was a live blacksmith shop, and the “farrier” was | of peace

 

jatle camp that he had set up.

‘cooks to teach the soldiers.

8 THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1916.

 

 

 

 

Military Representatives of the Allies in Conference in

 

 

 

Parts

 

&y courtesy of L'Ilustration, Paris.

Left to right, front row—Gen. de Castelnau (French), Sir Douglas Haig (British), Gen. Wielemans (Belgian), Gen. Gilinsky (Russian), Gen. Joffre, Gen. Porro

(Italian) a and Col. Pechitch (Serbian).

 

 

 

 

 

{fn a small way, to utilize trained women by the French authorities not to allow | the wild ailk of the anaphe silkworm
/the Mont de Plete, during the contin- | found in German East Africa.

uance of the war, to sell any of the ar- As a matter of’ fact the anaphe ailk-
ticles placed in pawn by its clients. This worm occurs in many parts of East,
step was prompted by admirable mo-! West and South Africa, and samples of
tives, but unfortunately {it has adversely the silk from Uganda were examined

If England could. on a large scale,
use good women cocks, with soldiers
working under them, the country would

av camp where a visio 8 1-
save in a camp where a division {ts bi LONpoN, March

leted several thousand pounds each reacted upon the wives and mothers and , some years ago at the Imperial Insti-
week. aged fathers of the men at the front— tute, which !ntroduced the product to and elghty
Most women, Dr. Chesser insisted, the very persons it was meant to serve, the notice of leading silk manufacturers on the buses run by

in this country. .
at that time it was doubtful whether

Deprived of the profits from the sale of |
pledged articles, the Mont de Piete was

made the mistake of being too anxious
to save in food. Giris might be trained

 

Omnibus

 

  

 

 

 

WOMEN IN MANY TRADES.

Conductors on Motor Buses and as

Compa ny.

 

number

Engine Cleaners tn England.
18 Between seventy
women conductors appeared
the London General

This

will

for “home service’ {n the kitchen, the | immediately compelled to raise the rate the price British manufacturers could Lop iiea ation iouee BS) TRE: NeROR TOE
garden, the farm, the counting house or of interest charged on their detention, offer would pay the cast of collection ihe (wormeli: Will: be: ald AL exactly
the hospital. It should be impossible and now a further increase has come Of the scattered nests of cocoons, The) 000) at rie: 3 anne b: ee a
for any healthy woman to be idle at into force. Imperial Institute accordingly sug: | |, mal SRT sinea na win have’ he
the present time. | dt is thought Mkely that the Treasury Bested that the Government entomolo- | the male conductors, and w 1 Rave we
psinlie 1 & sites a : * gist in Uganda should investigate the “tme duties and hours, Thelr employ-

will eventually advance a loan to the « 6 ent is co ed to the period o he

ossibilities of “domesaticatir the wild | ™e confined he period of th

famous French tnstitution to enable it 2 . 1s : ch time aa tl nale cor

d Itivat! it { lantations “ar. or to such time as the male con-

MONT DE FIETE aRD HIT. i, carry on ba@siness until the war is @Paphe and cultivating it in plantation cone: BH
, ’ : * of the trees on which {t feeds, so as | ductors shall return,

over, lto reduce the cost, Women dockers have been introduced
French National Pawnshop Needs This has now been found quite pract!- on the Mersey Yesterday the male
Fonds Because of Big Business | cable. A new and cheap raw material | laborers, under the advice of their union,

GETTING SILK FROM AFRICA.

refused to work

for the spun silk industry would be of
vices of the wo

such importance that it is to be hoped

Parts, March 11.--The war has caused

 

   
     

with them and the ser-
men were dispensed with,
conductors
trams and
lines.

on
120

Northwestern Ral-

a crisis in the affairs of the Mont de Bettiah Are Developing a New!that energy and capita! will be forth- There are 150 women
Piete in France and in the interest of coming for the development of this in- the metropolitan electric
s millions ¢ lients, as we as of the Source of Sappls. dustry in Uganda, whence ai certain on the London Unwed
famous institution itself, Govern- Lonnon, March 24.—-Attention was amount of the silk is already being ex- The London and
ment is being urged to take action, recently called by the president of the | ported, and algo in other British Afrl- way Company are

A decision was taken some time back Silk Association to the possibilities of can colonies.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Soon a raft along The first man put the neck of the! back and forth on the heavy

  
  

  

 

      

 

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

timber came sweep Suspicious, his mind on the Govern-
three men oon it. Macgraham, jump- Settle to his lips white his compan} used to steer the raft. ment officials, Joshua turned his mule
ing to his punt, rowed out and. ions stood looking on, mouths water- The river moved along at a rapid straight up the hilside It was a
e the raft. He hauled forth a ing | pace and close to seventy-five miles, small mule and the man was heavy
‘le: Suddenly, a look of unutterable con-| wepe covered in the first twenty-four) and it was slow work
“Try it before you buy it, gents, tempt on his face, the lumberman hours, Actuated only by a desire for Suddenly a shot rang out, a bullet
Guaranteed to make one rabbit look “Pat out a mouthful of liquid. He | revenge, helped out by clear moon-) whistled close to the man's head and
like three kangaroos.” sputtereg for an instant, unable to light nights, the men kept thelr raft) 4 shout reached his ears, Three men
The men. re sd for the flask, | ind wots sui BIG: Then: soing day and night, stopping only Came into sight from behind the
“Drink deep!" cried Maccraham It's oFly wate long enough to tle up to shore while| jushes along the river and Mac-
he } The men needed nu second The three other flasks were un-| one of them ran ashore to buy some ..., am, oking, paled. They were
corked. Ajl contained water. Simply) corn meal for bread and a litte bacon ratisme:
cents a pint, gents; only that and nothing more, and eggs. a ca ee unl -Abks Wika va, at at
: At first the men were tempted to} : And this Wee Sees atpet screamed Maograham, digging his spur
Two silver dollars were thrown into work the raft ashore and go back for |: oshua Macgraham Nae Bee ee ee | ate the nu
the jettom of the punt, four flasks the corpulent deceiver. But one raft) ©” Having taken several rafts down- a ee be viene
were handed over and Macgraham looks exactly like another raft and | Streams in other years, he had figured e One old : n iy had pen Bi a Lets
pulled back to shore in their absence some one might board | out just what speed could be exe im He x mod naturedly overlooking her
Raft after raft came downstream. the raft and escape with it. | pected masters igh usage and hard words,
and on almost all of them the per- “Wait until we get rid of this tim: | And in the Meantime the man went content ro take her share of what was
formance was repeated, Macgraham | ber,” advised one man, “We'll come | on with his Mtett trade in moon- coming, be it fat or lean, Now, how-
failing only once to make @ sale, back and get him then,” | shine spring water, ever, she suddenly revolted. Wheel-
But let's follow the first raft So they pushed on, as Joshua Mac- Then, ee returning from ing, she started downhill, directly to-
Joshua Maegraham's punt had not graham had figured they would, But,“ nearby village, where he had heen e angry rivermen
reached shore when one of the men, they fooled him by keeping the raft to purchase some ch@kens he had if lustity, Macgraham rolled
on the raft attempted to remove the! going all night Instead of tying up at) haif a dozen squawking fowl slung e might as well try to stop;
cork from one of the bottles. But. the river bank at dark, as he believed) over his mule, their feet tied together is the mad rush of his mule,

   

     

 

engaging
engine cleaners at their sheds in Crewe. '

girls

as

 

 

 

the cork had been pushed hard down! they would. 1t was just light enough he saw some one moving about on he Was just a man, depending
and several minutes were lost in get-|/to make out the river banks, and the river bank where he had his supply on iis wits alone for safety. Down
ting to the Haquor. wi ile one slept the two others hauled | of stock 'n trade, below, on the giver bank, were the

 

        

HE European Alle expenditure was parcelled out in tracts of 40, 60, 80) pared with any but the Nehier fields service from
in the United States of nearly and 100 acres to negro families, saves, Tieces of to-day, so that the burdens; the horse in honor
$100,006,000 for war horses in of course, and to each such farm was) of the horses were less killing, and the) rode him until the

a little over a year of the present con- assigned the proper number of mules) number required for the work was far!

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

growilmg South every great p.antation| tillery of that time was light com-jer: te surgeon who had entered the | in the middle ‘70a,

of h

surrender

THE HUMBLE. USEFUL HORSE'S PART IN WAR

Delaware

He rena
s old ma
at A

  
 

 

ciel

med
ster,

ppo-

 

river, earvying behind him tied to the pailroads were used ‘by one side or ing, moving, squealing, kicking joke. | an important man even in the smaller, As to Uncle Sam's horses, he needed
saddle # large box. So far he had not !the other, but the South of 1860-1861; The ancient saying that nobody ever | organizations, ithem after the early summer of 1845

ret a United States marshal nor any- | was ii] provided with railroads as Saw a dead mule received Its quietus The romance of the horse survived) " More than lve needed the world's
thing that looked like a marshal. He) Russia of to-day. upon the battlefields and highways of the civil war. The North and Bouth| Sreatost army f veterans and the
was Whistling merrily as he ripped When secession began Uncle Sam the civil war, : : rang witll tales of the famous war, World's greatest fleet of warships t
the cover off the box. From the ine! was almost horseless, but when the; _[lorses from every Northern and) horses. One of Lee's came with him | beasts were examined, branded to in
ter.or he took a large number of pint 'flring upon Mort Sumter was fo lowed W estern State came with the invading through the conflict and was long an Gioate thels condition and auctioned
Hasks with the words “Guaranteed |phe the eall for volunter cavalry | Northern hosts to be acclimated south | object of Southern admiration in peace, | by thousands excellent horses went
Flask’ blown in the side. The une | regiments were rapidly organized, and. Cf the Metomaec, Many of them never Sheridan's was embaimed in a pas | for Vety tile, ae adhd other noartipays
suspecting and ianecent would take |many of the volunteer cavalrymen, found time to complete the process, triotie poem, Gen. Joshua R. Cham-) supplies, hor years afterward, when
that to mean thet the fasks each were | both officers and privates, rode their for the muddy roads of Virginia were berlain brought home the horse he had | 8 man Was about to buy or trade a
warranted to held a full pint. As alown horses, takcn from the’ plough, @eadly for the Northern artillery) ridden when he had the honor of re-, horse he would turn up the hair of one
matter of fact the Masks were all two! from the doctor's rig, the teamster’s | lorses, and hard enough upon the bet- | ceiving the Confederate battle flags in | shonlder in search for Uhe old brand of
ounces shy of a full pint. But then! wagon, from the racing stable. ter beasts ridden by the cavalry, Both) surrender at) Appomattox, and the | 1865, If he found the eapitals “Eon
the lege nd on the bottle didn't gsuar- |} -'Phis country of 1861 was a land of | sides seized fine horses in the Shenan- beast was for years an object of pop. | he either declined to buy or trade or
antee the measure, as Macgraham | horses, Jwo-thirds of the people were, Goah Valley, where there was a tradi- | ular interest in his paddock at Bruns- | reexamined the poiats of the heast |
Would have blandly informed you; it! farmers and every vehicle in town or | onal fondness for good horses, By wick, He fell over a bluff on the anni- | before elosine the boergain, ‘Those
simply guaranteed that the flask was | country was drawn by horses, mule or | the time the conflict was well on there! ver vary of a famous battle and was) inithids indieated that during or secs
areal flask oxen, All over the South there were | were few sound horses left on the | found dead by his master. The horse. after the war. that particular beat

Three miles upstream the moun- | good horses. Though there, more than! Virginia plantations, Fortunately for| upon whieh -the Confederate General had been “in pected and condemned
taineer found a square ended punt,|in the North and West, the mule the women and children, old men and] Robert Selden Garnett was killed at|a judgment that maetimes proved ae
| which he bought for $3, a pair of oars | and the ox were used on the farms and | slaves left at home, farming could be] Carrick's Ford in July, 1861. afterward) vere, however, for many a. le ast thus
j thrown In, He took this down to the} plantations. Th paris of the cotton! done with mules and oxen. The ar-| fell into the hands of a young Confed- | branded was still do NS good ser

gtliowed

 

 

FEWER SUICIDES IN PARIS.

Kvery One Anxious to See How War
Will End, It Is Explained.

Panis, March 10.—Suicides in Paris
have dropped to about two a week, as
compared with an average of fifteen to
twenty in ordinary times. .

People who always want to know the
why and the wherefore of everything
have endeavored to get at the reason of
this. A wag, who is perhaps not so far’
off the truth as some might imagine,
Suggests that every one is so anxious
to see how the war will end that they
cannot bear to shuffle off this mortal)
coll until victory crowns the day.

It is just possible that suicides are
fewer now because so many favorite
means of guing to one’s long account
nte not readily ava ve For instance.
from the first moment that War was
declared all gunsmith shops were close]
vp and nelther arms nor munitions of
any kind can be bought. No one is
on any of @reat public
monuments, so that jurnping off bridges
r the Are de Triomphe ts no longer pos-
sible.

 

 

  

 

 

the

 
 

three men and the path was down

there,
Several shots broke the river still-
ness. It was hard work, and Joshua

Macgraham, now that he had become
stout, hated hard work more than
he had in his thinner days, but there
Was nothing else todo. He turned and
started up the steep hiliside, dodging
from tree to tree, and the three men
er him, firing every time that Mac-
tham's body offered a worth while

   
 

{a roaring

‘other “tind”

 

| pathy for the man that wi
‘water for food liquor?

BY “SUN™ CORRESPONDENTS

 

 

BAST MEETS WEST —
AT MARSEILLES

Port of Many Nations Fined
With Bustle Incident
to the War.

 

 

VAST SUPPLIES THERE

 

Special Correspondence te Twe Buu.

Manegittes, March 16.—Despite the
brilliantly illuminated etreets and gay,
jostling, heterogeneous crowds that
throng them at all hours, one feela much
closer to the fighting line here than in
Paris.

A eeemingly interminadle stream of
rumbling munition carts, with perspiring
British Tommies swearing profusely at
thelr tired mounts; equads of German
prisoners under guard; two rollicking

“Hieland” pipers playing a ekiri on the
bagpipes, accompanied by a squat fene-
galese on a mournful lute to an admir-
ing audience of little brown Gurkhas,

Tall, stalwart, turbaned Indians and
slant eyed Tonkinese, a tired little mother
clothed In rags and followed by a non-
Gescript brood of young ones, each hun-
erily munching a crust of bread—Mon-
tenegrin refugees recently arrived; all
the weird phantasmagoria of the war
passes down the Cannebier or main
atreet.

“For the East is East and tho West is
West, and never the twain shall meet,”
no longer holds true. A national calam-
ity has broken down the century old bar-
riers of distrust and mieuncerstanding.

Familiar ocean liners, now trana-
formed into gray transports, lie at an-
chor in the harbor, awaiting an oppor-
tunity to engulf the miniature sky-
scrapers of munitions standing on the
wharves, ot to discharge thelr precious
cargo of human freight.

Along the miles of docks apparent
chaos reigns. The casual spectator sees
nothing beyond the huge travelling steel
cranes, whining complainingly under a
too heavy load, and the stevedores and
longshoren:en (their khaki or blue Jurmp-
ers the oniy sign that they are soldiers).

A diminutive littl man, little more
than a boy, as his embryo mustache tes-
tifles, sitting quietly on a bale of hay,
is the master mind directing the whole
operation. The bale of hay ts hie head-
quarters, where he issues instructions,
not through telephone, as on the flrine
line, but through the medium of a tall,
red faced sergeant with g decided brogue
This was a quiet oasis in the centre of
bediam.

“Oh, no, we're not very busy to-day,”
he replied in answer to my exclamation
of wonder at the effleiency to be found
on all sides, “You should hive seen us
when the boys were ‘junket.ng’ off to
Salonica. Then we in t Army Service
Corpa were a bit pushed

“To-day and every day
week we have only been
shipments. After a while
pretty much of a routine and a
thankless one at that. ¥ when
the °C. O's" ¢commanding othcer’ s) lug-
gage goes astray.’

Here was a licutenant,

 

 

 

   

for the Iast
londing detal!

it gets to be

 

certainly mot

 

over 25, in command f from Soo
to 1.00 men, accepting his respon.
sibilitw and doting his bit wit a quiet
efficiency Which a man twice his age
might have envied. #1e was just an-

of the war.

 

OF THE CUMBERLANDS

creek. But he could there in
the dark. And he would dare
there next day, for doubtless the man
of the house would hear the story
his perfidy. And who has @ny syin-
! sell spring

not go
not go

of

At. daybreak
Macgraham was on his way. But
he did not try to reach the nearest
house. Instead he went up over Black

the next morning

‘Hog Mountain and down to Hawkins

armet, Branch, a creek that wound its devi-
Never seemed a hill so steep, but! yes way toward He Big wanay yee
life was just as precious to Macerra- | tee he found the mountain tread
ham as it ever was to any man, ana | Most of the time it led through the
he kept on, panting, his breath com- | creek bottom, the creek itself hecom-
inginwdres COURHEN. cACSIAaL Thanh 4) 8 the road, as mountain roads have
: : sh fast he nad! ae way of doing.

in teoae were nick $0 fence | tte # le or tothe roma turned
aibne At & @ae thot from the creek bottom and skirted
= | the water course. Macgraham stopped

After an hour Macgraham could! on reaching the stretch of mud road
hear no more of his pursuers and he| There were footprints of two men, also
sat down for a rest. But he had, the marks of a mule's hoofs. He
hardly made himself comfortable in| studied them long and earnestly. Burt
the shade of an old beech when he! there could be no mistaking the signs.
heard voices that he recognized, Like | The shoe prints were those of his own
4 frightened rabbit, he broke from! mule. The three rivermen, one of
cover and started on again, this time| them mule back, the other two welk-
taking a course that wound down the! ing, having learned where he lived,

hil

 

veral times he stopped to rest, but

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

were trying to head him off.
Four miles across the mountains was

 

  

 

 

had not gained his breath when voices, Left Fork of Janner’s Creek, He coul
frightened him on. reach home that way, but it was 4 lone
That night, just before sunset, a{ detour, and over in that section he
lone figure, stout, red of face, muddy | )@d no real friends, only enemies
up to his knees, shirt torn by bushes,, There was nothing else for it, how-
clothes soaked with — perspiration, | eVer Macgraham crossed four moun-
stopped behind a clump of bushes to t4!M8 and by noon had reached the
take a survey of a little log cabin in! Left Fork. He followed this to Jan-
au creek bottom clearing It was ner's Creek, up this to the right branch
Jdeshua Macgraham The log cabin of Janner’s Creek, thence to the head
Was the home of a friend, Waters of the right branch, across
Macgraham had toiled painfully up; ® mint +0 Hell Creek dow? thi
six mountains and dowh again into) '° Ick Creek and so on. Along ail
he valleys on the other side, he had the water San reee heodme Ly aah
noting to eat and had taken copious ereek bottom farms, tut he d AO
cagvinks from every spring and creek atop at.any of them, keeping: well out
in-an effort to kill the terrible gnaw- | oF Sight 48 fact. for news has # sicange
ing pain in the pit of his stomach, |“ of travelling in the mountains
Used to abundant eating, his day|..at Mfternoon toward sundown he
without food had told on him "i sawacabin, Almost fami
rom the los cabin came an odor Bered to it, determined
that Was most delicious, that of fried # Place Was deserted, the door ajar
Ieken, Smoke curled from the ehim- here Was no sign of recent « ipa
ney Macgraham smiled, tion, the little farm had tong bees
“Shucks’ but ain't 1 the lucky dog! abandoned. Nor Was there a@ sera;
1 got here jest right. BIL is frying | feu
some chicken, fest as if he *spected Two days later A man, a man
ine ter drap ino on him Good ole | Strangely Wasted and pate reavhed
Bill!” Harry Dawks'’s place Dawhs hard
Then came volees and Macgraham recognized his od neigt rand friend
Who had started from behind the | Joshua Macgraham
ushes, stopped, his face aghast Gordie, Josh’ What's trouble?’
"Yep." growled a volce, “it were! “Been sick, Harrys Went over to
jest plain spring: water There that | Ule Sandy on busine and Waa took
rery eriiter had given us all g{down sick, Am right’s po'rly yet. Any
drink of good liquor and then sold us thing to eat, Tbarrs
spring water An’ he done likewise, They ate) fricd Ken and earn
the same to lots o' others too {bread, and Maceraham fell wear
“My Gawd!" gasped Macgraham, | into bed, whieh he shared with los
Then he heard the volce of his one | frit nd.
time friend "You'll ha’ to mike more lLquor
“ff dt get sight ot him Vi shoot him) Josh." advised Dawks. “You all ain't
li} a dawg." satromng enough to farm, nohow, yer
It was almost dark, White of face, | wasted away so much. You allis tine
Miceraham started weartly up the | ner than vou ever was in your ‘fe
Mountain side, heeping to the back i Yep! You just plaum ha’ to mal me
of the log cabin, for there were noo’ that liquor”

Windows on that side. Soon dark | Macecgraham sighed ‘Yep \r ton
ne, He did not know that section | goin’ to make good liqner an’ bt ai
well enough to travel at night. The goln’ away from home lookin’ fer bliss

hearest house was five miles up the| ness neither,”