2 8 THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1916,

a

 

 

 

 

 

 

LONG ISLAND REAL ESTATE FOR SALE. Loe ISLAND REAL ESTATE FOR SALE. ! CO UMB I STUDENTS
(PAD APR LAL PAP PPL APP PAP PA PAPRAPPPPAP LDA | ’ A

     

THE SWIMMING POOL IN THE WATERFRONT PARK

|
Motor out today

 

or take a train from the Pennsylvania Station to

Kensington, Great Neck
On Manhasset Bay

' REMEMBER, Kensington has sewers, gas, water, electric light,
f and a waterfront park, with a swimming pool, bathing beach, a harbor
: for docks and motor boats, and tennis courts, for the exclusive use
' of Kensington home owners.

kr, 26 Minutes by Express Trains . BY MOTOR

55 Trains a Day . og Q , Brid fol
Automobiles Meet All Trains §, From Queensboro Bridge. follow
[ : > var > Jackso Avenue — and Broadway
i BEST SUNDAY TRAINS: ThrouRh Flushing, Bayside, Douglas-

920, 10:20, 11:20 A, M. 4) 20, ‘ton and Little Neck, and then follow

t 20, 2.20, 4:20 and 4:20 P, our signs to Kensington.
i BKEST WEEK-DAY TRAINS: (Of, turn north from Jericho Turn-
: 9:10, 10:16, 11:16 A. M. and 12:22, pike at our big sign in New Hyde
1.22, 2.37, 3:38 and 4.39 P. M. ‘Park, continuing straight ahead to
Extra Saturday Trains— the entrance gates, four blocks
1:05 and 1:41 P. M.> yond Great Neck Station.

\ ~~ eeeaeeeeeee

 

| Write or telephone for illustrated

{ booklet, ‘‘A Week-End in Kensington.”

i ae e

Rickert-Hinlay Realty Co.
Telephone 5600 Greeley 1 West 34th Street
—

 

NEW JERSEY REAL ESTATE FOR SALE. | NEW JERSEY REAL ESTATE FOR SALE
OI I FAA ne

i rs
Must Sell Now—Your Own Terms

A Gentleman’s Beautiful Country Estate,

Boat Dock—Large Garage—Extensive Grounds
Price $14,000
WITH PRIVATE WATER FRONT

Actual Shore Ownership and Lake Rights
An unusually attractive property, with pom ‘

everything desirable in a fine country home. ’

Offered at about one-half of its true value

  
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
          
             
      
   
   

rhe main house contains 12 rooms and 3
baths, servants’ quarters, &c. The beautiful

    

 
 
         

e Second Floop— PLAW e

Aott: SRA.VANTS Rloem iN
Atna. Fleet——

 

bam ae ae

One of the finest residential developments near New York
SHIPPAN POINT MANOR

| : Owners Bed Room
Stamford, Conn. | ; \ ‘
po /\LV\ Ls

|
|
}
'

 
  

   

     
 
 

Shippan Point Manor offers the advantages of unrivalled location, | £
overlooking the Sound, in a fine section; excellent train service, 50 | = f
minutes from Grand Central and 30 trains daily, and a carefully ei ne

  
 

 
      

 

5 restricted property. es :
i | i } . | wt"
i Plots range from half acre to an acre, purchasers becoming mem- | | Lf io "
y bers of the BEACH CLUB, with its tennis courts, pavilion, bathing, | i | ei |
r &c,. Some waterfront plots are still available. Water, electricity, | | 3
: \ sewers, &c., are installed and many homes already built and occupied. CHILDS BED RLoo: EWIAG Roo) of
; deo
Building and improvement will be undertaken by this company ——
® , . °
according to purchaser’s approval, at fixed contract price, if
; so desired.
CHARLES BUEK CONSTRUCTION co. M * of the designers in TH® Qiagonally laid sheathing on outside,
Sun's Country Home Competle thereafter a plaster board to be latd on}
7 East 42d Street, New York City. tion departed from the old es- top with . corrugated surface und a!
aa : ree ; go ey for the stucco coating.
BROKERS FULLY PROTECTED. tablished styles in architecture in an “phe effect of the exterior is almple,
f attempt to produce houses free from the) eonsisting of stucco with a light brown-
& sameness which characterizes much sub- ish tint, the roof of cedar shingles
‘ = ” - = —lurban planning. Gustave GG. Vigorous. stained olive green with casement trim

WESTCHESTER REAL ESTATE FOR WESTCHESTER REAL ESTATE FOR of the office of Emery Roth, designer of to match, The chimney is of brick |
SALE, SALE. the dwelling shown here, possessed an stuccoed over only above roof. To pro-

. -jidea which he handled with such ability duce additional interest at the second

as to win considerable favorable com-, floor level a six inch corbelling out was!
ment both for his {dea and for ita/ introduced with brackets both on front |
| presentation. }and rear. The shadow made by this

Of his design Mr, Vigorous says: | horizontal coarse as well as that of the

“The general scheme and layout of) entrance porch hood and the flower box
this house has been developed along the in front of large stair hall window help!
lines of economy and simplicity both much in forming a pieturesque mass, |
in regard to the plan and to the ex- “The interior is simply treated, orna- |
terior, This feeling no doubt will be ment being used only where needed.
the first impression created in the inind) The trim of the entrance hall, stair hall,
of the average layman. Yet at the den, ving room and dining room ts all!
sume time enough interest has been of chestnut stained a warm brown and
carried out on the exterior and the plan > wax rybbed. The other rooms are fin-
tu satisfy the usual critical demands of | {shed In cypress stained in the same
a home seeker who wants something | manner, except the bathroom, which ts
out of the ordinary at a moderate cost.| in white. All floors double, with hard | Aove: Lavaoay

“The outline of the plan is oblong, fine pine upper floor, Hardware of good (Acullag—"
with a span of 24 feet for the jioor grade ireplaces Of seiected nard
| beams, which is reenforced at the cen- burned brick
tre by «a large brick chimney and stud “The plan has been arranged #o as |
partition that carry through. In the to give a very large IHving room, con-
other dimension the over all is 34 feet.; nected with the dining room and stair
The total height of house from the eet] al directly in such fashion as to give
‘lar floor to a point two-thirds of the] the effect of bigness The tnside of the
roof height is 32 feet. Of this figuring | house to be plastered in the usual man-
6 feet 6 inches is cellar height, 8 feet|ner, while the beams Supporting the
# inches first floor, 7 feet 10 inches| second floor are to show and he plas-
kecond floor, while the attic varies in} tered in the ving room only, The main
height, but an average of 7 feet 6 Inches! feature of the living room is the big
is obtained, The first floor ts 1 foot 6! open fireplace, with the bay window and
inches above grade level, seat opposite.

“The foundation walls consist of 12 “The second floor has a large owner's
Inch concrete up to 1 foot above grade] bedroom with fireplace conveniently
level, vee a fanting snare at bottom.| situated near bathroom and child's
|The outside steps to cellar, also rear| room. Also there {a a 8
terrace, to be of concrete, All eutside| another bedroom. The ae joa ane
walle to consist of wood studs with/taing maid's room and storage space,

owen ee eer rnnet | en . ao

   

         
    

  

    
  
 
   
  

   
 

  
 

     
    

 

 

    
      
  

MINUTES

     

   

FROM

      
  

     
  
  

 

   

42D or

    
 

STREET,

  
  
 
  

RAILROAD

    
 

     
  
  
 
 

   
    
    
  
 
 
     
    
       
    
    
   
  

One of the attractive homes
at ‘Larchmont Park’’

Onur settlement starts within a five minute walk of the station, and is convenient to
the village stores, schools and churches, also to the bathing beach and boat clubs, It ts
Improved with sewer, water, gas, electric light, telephone, macadam roads and cement
sidewalks

We ean give you here a substantial home on an attractive plot of ground for $5,600—
on Payment of $500-—balance like rent '

Come and see the merit of our home proposition which accounts
success of Larchmont Park 7 mr ihe talead af

     

 
 

     
    
    

VOR PARTICULARS WRITE, ‘(PHONE OR CALL

LARCHMONT PARK, INC,, | ,,{i\\11,224 tt: New York

Phone 9560—Madison Sq.)

      
     
  

 

 

SUBMIT.
PRETTY FARMHOUSE DESIGN

Clos.

*CRILVZEN'S +

- Drv

Ke aa NOMLAND and George room is a brick fireplace with an eX- plastered, extending aed

foot

PANTRY |

If!

 

thi
a

ui

ae
.

SOOM.

 

Cy factiition for Skee eine eit ‘ | the full size of the first floor, has a|
v. » motorin saddle ‘inde one foot
backing, boating and all outdoor recreations } i concrete ae laid on cin 1 rs c ne foot
this property is unparalleled near New York } j above the foundation Iine. Tha base-
city ” ment walls are to be *k work un- laid

above the weather

Kite He w

 

 

“| Steve. | = \

 

 

    
  
    
 
 
   
  
 
 
   
       

PASSAGB

ECONOMY AND SIMPLICITY CHIEF
FEATURES OF STUCCO DWELLING

   

   
   
   

Twa
|

fame fintsh as the woodwork throughout
the house

“The roof will be finished with shinglea
on sheathing which will be left
The porch rests on six. brick

 

     

a — rrr
T40NG ISLAND REAL FSTATE FOR SALE. | LONG ISLAND REAL ESTATE FOR SAL,

'
'
|
|
j

  
  
  
      

Forest Hills Gardens

**4 Forward Movement in Suburban Development’

| A forward movement implies a definite architectural
| treatment of the houses and buildings so that when the
whole is completed there will be harmony and not
strife in the close relation that each house must neces-
sarily bear to its neighbor. In the Gardens there is
ample variety in the individual house, but each is so
planned that large or small all share in the benefit
Suan comprehensive design underlying the entire
scheme.

Large or small, each house is subject to the building
restrictions which are carried out in the interest of all.
While lots are sold for investment or individual im-
provement by the buyer the Company has erected and
will continue to erect enough houses to influence the
general appearance of the whole layout. Up to the
present two hundred and fifty houses have heen built
on the property.

A forward movement in Suburban Development
means harmonious architectural treatment of all the
buildings in the community with special regard to
i location, material and design.

TALK No. 3.
\ HOUSES ' rns eerice of Laks appesr. PLOTS
* 6 com: .
| For Sale, pany wil Mat orth ita aime For Sale,
nd accomplishments in. the
’ $9,800 development ‘of Forest Hille $3,000

Gardens. For a complete set

to $22,000. address the Company. Up.

For transportation, booklet or information address

Dept. S,
SAGE FOUNDATION HOMES COMPANY,
47 West 34th St., New York.:

15 MINUTES FROM PENNA. STATION

FOREST HILLS, LONG ISLAND.

lots range from $550 to $2,000. three years, ranging in cost from
Reasonable restrictions and con- $5,000 to $20,000.
venient terms. 40 minutes out; best beach on
Not a new development, but an the coast, restricted and deeded
established residential section of — !m perpetuity to property owners,
New York City where $500,000 — best of bathing and fishing; well
{ have been spent in permanent, appointed clubhouse for residents.
l/l) non-assessable imfrovements and — Detailed information on request.
H one hundred all-year homes Telephone, Greeley 2741.

tl NEPONSIT REALTY COMPANY,
! Suite 512, 1 West 34th St., New York.

Present prices of the remaining have been built during the last
'
|
i
|
|

to

al . eni- ternal chimney taking the flue from the! gnishe 4 thich is built the reg ting r »

living room, with Imposing open fireplace. { BR. Hall, two students of arcli : : ee : finished grade on which is built the reg- footings extending four feet the ,

feature of the house; contains every. cone tecture at Cajumbla University, aurnnce Ih TRE ORSRORE ular combination frame. Sheathing will finished grade. The roof of the house 5 A L D W I N H A R B O R

venience, parquet floors, beamed ceilings, i The second floor contains the mas-) be nailed directly on the frame, Huild- extend the perch and is supported

So panee ed In hardwood, electric light ' | made the designs and drawings for ™@ ter's bedroom, with children's room ad-| ing paper will) be laid between the by sia t up Greek Dorj :

; 50 "ORO, B. PEARS attractive farmhouse reproduced here. Joining, an adults’ bedroom, a servants’) sheathing and eclaphoards w h fort “The windows will be provided with
; : . R. ¥ It their description of the building these T7O'., bath and linen closet, all open-) the exterior fints! The Is of the shutters, which will be painted green .

640 Riverside Drive. Tel. 6900 Audubon. coal ets ney P ® ‘ing conveniently off the hal! Each dormers are aiso finished with clap." erfor walls and columns will be OU should know about the wonderful home
wen my room has ample built in closet space, ex- boards. pa i white. ‘The porch floor is to be opportunities at BALDWIN HARBOR.
sate et house which we greece | ones the servants’, which will be pro- “The interior will be lathed directly painted gray and the ceiling, which will A most attractive Summer and Winter

designed for THE Sun’s Country ouse | vided with ai wardrobe. One large) on the studs to which the plaster have a board finish, ta to painted j ; i
t ns on the first floor! dormer will be built in the front to give applied, making a plaster fintsh on walls white Residential L Community on Hempstead
' . dinimg room, kitchen, but-| head room and a place for windows. and ceilings. On the floor jf: e plot will be seeded wit? Bay, only 22 miles out. Houses, cottages, bunga-
} kitehen closer, hall, main Small dormers will also be bullt In the be laid a rough floor with ak a and will have pathe to lows, lots and plots, bargain prices, easy terms,
ind service stairs, covered front porch servants’ room and children's roon floor above. There will be a nine ' nd garden, with to also money furnished to build. City improve-
ind small rear porch. In the living “The basement excavation, which is base board in all the r the : ments without city taxes or vexatious restric-

tions. Good bathing, boating, fishing, aquatic
sports. Delicious clams and oysters right off
shore. Select neighborhood, with schools,
churches and markets convenient; yet prices are
most moderate and terms easy. Bought right to
sell right. See BALDWIN HARBOR first. The
season is advancing; don’t wait. See it NOW for
yourself any day, at our expense.

BALDWIN HARBOR REALTY CO.
243 West 34th Street

B
A
L
D
WwW
i
N
H
A
R
B
O
R

BALDWIN HARBOR

 

Extraordinary Announcement
WESTBURY GARDENS, L. I.

Gustave §. Dorwin announces the opening of the beautiful propert \
at Westbury, L. L., to public sale on a guaranteed plan for

“HOMECRAFT HOMES”

Westbury Gardens is 152 f ahove sea level, has excellent Railroad ¢ ommutation service
and every convenience of city life, including gas. electricity, telophone, water. fire protect. 99
eranolithic sidewalks, with tho added charm of country environments

j We desire in this restricted colony at Westbury Gardens a home loving people. Our Ho

| crate Homes” are designed for the man and woman that appreciate character and comior
fa home

if you can meet the requirements of character and stability that pre

vall at Westbury Gardens | will submit to you plans, specifications anid

prices of “Momecraft Homes.” ft will finance your house and you can pa’

| me tn full, in part, or in monthly payments not exceeding the amount you
| are probably now paying as rent.

AND we give to every purchaser a warranty deed, with insured tithe, together with
our guarantee indorsed by a Bank that if at any time within a period of als months
from the date of purchase the purchaser for any reason whatsoever changes his min?
whether from sickness, change of plans or dissatisfaction, that we will return to the
purchaser upon demand the full amount of his purchase without interest, upon fu!
reconveyance by him. Gftice on the Property. Come out, write or telephone.

Telephone, Westbury 14s GUSTAVE S. DORWIN,

Keference” Bank of Westbury Westbury, rT.

REAL ESTATE FOR SAT Sa EesS, ; REAL ESTATE FoR SAL} “att ' Ns

WARD: BEAC

29 MINUTES FROM BROADWAY

  

    
       
     
    
       
  
      
  
  
  

  
    
 
    
         

THE SEASIDE COUNTRY HOME COMMUNITY
WITHIN THE LIMITS OF NEW YORK CITY

The Business Man's Paradise, where he enjoys the comforts of an All Year
Country Home on the Water with all city conveniences. Stumimer (Advantages
Nowhere Fvcelled~ Miles of Watertront-- Bathing, Fishing and Boating at thetr
best. Casino, 600-Foot Pler. White Sand Beaches Tennis Courts, ete tor
the exclusive use of property owners and their guests. Cosev, Pieturesque Homes,
Shaded Asphalt Streets. Flower Gardens and Green tawns
Ample Restrictions—No Agsessments—Titles Guarantead

Lots $100 to $1500. Aeeor ting to loeation on or near the watertront Paymnan'*
arranged (Co meek convenience of purelaser

ty We will help you plan your Home at Howard Keach Phe opportunity we
offer tor a home. together with a Waterfront Investment, cavnet be oop aon
in New York City

Call, write or phone, Worth 3446, for particulars

Smith & Richmond, Inc., Sales Managers
HOWARD ESTATES DEVELOPMENT COMPANY
51 Chambers Street, New York