THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1916.

€arliest Christian Pamtings Found |
in the Catacombs of Rome 5

    

‘Fragment from a Christian sarcophagus. showing Jesus standing in the bow of a boat, steering, while A striking picture of Jonah being cast from the ship to the whale and later being cast up by the whale.
Mark. Luke and John are rowing. The story of Jonah, being symbolical of resurrection, was a favorite with early Christian artists.

On this page are some striking examples of Although the existence of the paintings has

the very first Christian pictures ever painted.
They ‘have been found upon the walls of the
Catacombs of Rome, in which the Christians
took refuge from persecution by the Rcmans

been known for centuries, it is remarkable that
only within a comparatively few years have
any reproductions of them been made public.
In the first half of the last century Mr. William

in the second and third centuries. This fixes Palmer, an Englishman living in Rome and a

their date within definite limits and they un-
doubtedly represent the earliest atterrpts to
record the events of the Bible in picture form.
The Christians of Jewish origin in Palestine
would not, even had they possessed the ability,
have painted the pictures. Their entire religious
training was against the depicticn of the Deity.
It remained for the Roman converts to the
faith to teccme the first sacred ertists. The fact ; : et ee ; ie ;
Chak hike Walk ek baie te te Oxmenna ‘ 7 er eeaee ; 4 oo sagether with De Bowel s hii were brought
; ati ero . - % = a out in England in a book of limited edition
almost miraculously preserved it through the under the authority of Cardinal Newman. This
repeated sackings of Rome by the Goths and was beautifully illustrated with colored litho
the Vandals, and their fermanence ufon stone gtavures of the paintings. It is from this volume
walls also doubtless saved them from being that the reproductions on this page were made
carried to Constantinople when under Con- The criginal paintings are, of course, carefully
stantine so many of tbe holy relics of the Church

preserved, and may be seen by visitors to the
were removed from Rome. Catacombs.

close friend of Cardinal Newman, made an
exhaustive study of the paintings and had
copies made for his own private c “" ‘tion. At
Mr. Palmer's death these photograpns and the
data that he had compiled came into the hands
of Cardinal Newman. In the meantime an
Italian, the Commendatore De Rossi, had made
an extensive study of the symbolism of the
paintings. The Palmer photographs and data,

The very earliest picture of the Virgin and Child, of what was later called the Byzantine type. This was from the Cemetery of
Saint Agnes and dates from the third century.

 

  

 

A

      
 

The Holy Communion, the baskets of bread tvpifying the parable of the loaves and the fishes.

The Adoration of the Magi. The three wise men of the East come bearing gifts to the infant Saviour
painting from the Cemetery of Saint Priscilla.

This is also from Saint Agnes’s Cemetery and is one of the earliest known Christian paintings.

°
3 |

a) fee

» i

~~

. as
|
~ i if mr SS
dig 4 i ” s
a f

Bian inet , ~— wstihd
i oN ee ne Es arate uae

    

Here is Christ, the Good Shepherd, as drawn upon the walls of the Cemetery of Saint Agnes. On the left

A strange picture of the rock i ;'
is Daniel between two lions, and on the right are Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego in the fiery furnace. ge p rock in the desert being struck by the rod of Moses, held, however, by Pete!

The proselyte is taking off his sandal as indicating that he is on holy ground.