Se

 

ae

 

DS ay d
ee

ES seageciescie

     

roe a
MERCIER SCORNS.
GERMAN WARNING

God's Law Comes First,” the
Primate Writes to Gen.
von Bissing.

 

 

 

REFUSES TO BE SILENT

Lone \pril! 15.-Tn a polite and
dignified but firm letter to Gen, von Bus-
‘itary Governor of Belgium, Car-
Mercier, the primate, declines to

in "

' Huenced by the warning to main-
cain Slence regarding Germany's rule in
Pelaium

The Camiinal does not regret Nis de-
hufoation of the atrocities alleged to
ave bee hinntted against his people
vy the invaders Hie is willing to

unio Cusar the things that are
but, without completing the
i) injunetion, suggests that he

“render
Cwesar's
Seriptur

if influenced by it in all his actions,
“It is better to obey God than man,”
says the primate.

The letter is as follows:

“It behooves us, Excellency, in an-

Swering the letter it pleased you to ad-
drese us, to render homage to the cour-
tesy you have shown to the venerated
head of our Church.

Likens Him to King Saul.

“The faithful servant of our Lord
Jesus Christ, we obeyed the summons of
Hie representative on earth. But, you
kmow, Excellency, that it was not we
who e@olicited the great honor of laying
our homage at the feet of his Holiness.
Allow us then, even smitten as we are
ty, admiration before the warlike pomp

nding you and the brilliant staff
which, like King Saul, you have attached
to your person, to retain nevertheless our
full Uberty of judgment.

“That liberty in the trouble@ hours
trough which our country is. passing
we cannot and will not relinquish. In

80 we remain faithful shepherd

ot t flock for which our Lord has
@iyen His life.

"We shall follow the teaching of the

successor of St. Peter, his Holiness

go XII]. In his encyclical he instructed

as to obeying the civil authorities

= they give orders manifestly con-

to the natural, divine law: ‘If

   

Hurtens to Conscience Firat,
yy

  

 

verted the Belgian Gaul, nor the spiritual

son of those who by their labors made
Wiyetrions the See of Malines, of which
the Library of Louvain formed the
purest jewel, the inestimable priceless |
treasur’

"In the alinost fatal position in which
our people are plunged we made our

Voice heard and hoped that our thoughts |

would be pondered on by you. But a
Prince shall have thoughts worthy of a
prince and shall keep lis authority over
the chiefs i

“Relgian, we have heard the cries of
sorrow of our people: patriot, we have
sought to heal the wounds of our coun-
try; Rishon, we have denounced crimes
committed against our innocent priests,

“Excellency, we have the honor, &c¢.”

of his people

 

He Urges the Nation to Be
~ Strong and to Speak
With Effect.

 

Puitaveceuia, April 15.—Dr, David
dayne Hil), ex-Ambassador to Germany,
ta}ked on preparedness before the Ameri-
can Philosophical Society to-day during a
discussion of international law, in which

John Bassett Moore, ex-Counselor of the |

State Department, ani
Tower, ex-Ambassador to
gary, also took part,

“If we are weak,” said Dr, Hill, “our
only safety lies in silence; but in a great
moment silence 4s d.shonorable.

Austria-ffun-

   

 

would speak with effect we must be
atrong.”

“Applying this doctrine to the United
States of rica, Our influence for
peace and | Will be in qparuportion
to our stren.t We will not require
# grent standing urmy, for our people
never w endure a great tighting mae
chine te bul we muald be able
nm ca 1 to place promptly §
the f ' proportionate to the
natio ' , extent We nud
be , © me for ti is there
that the eee es of the world are to
be

i) it ’ | that nations that
Miglate rat inl law whould be out-
lawed

SCHOOLBOYS GOING TO CAMP.

Millturys

Obs serra cd

and Athlete

ae

Training
Monticet!{s,

 

 

A meeting of the executive committee
of the Mi} yand Athletic Kncampment
League, which proposes to establish an

encampment tor schoolboys this summer
was held yesterday

at the Waldorf-As-

toria Representatives of schools in New
York, Connectiout, New Jersey and
Pennsylvania met in conjunction with

Major William Ht
American Guard

Miilott of the Junior

Joseph TT. Griffin, principal of Publie
Behool 114, who presided, said plans
Of organization were perfected for an
extension of the organization of the
Junior American Guard through the
States represented and that a large
military aud aihietic encampment for
schoolboys would be established this

@ummer at Monticello.

—————

RUPTURE WITH BERLIN

Charlemague |

If we)

 

 

IN TWO WEEKS FEARED

Continued from First Page.

 

testimony by citizens of the United States
to show that a German torpedo damaged
the ship.

The importance of this late evidence
has greatly decreased, it is explained,
because the United States had a com-
plete case against Germany without it
and because Germany's note is taken as
a practical admission that a German
submarine was responsible.

Secretary Lansing, it is understood, is
not interested in the sketches which the
submarine commander is reported to have
made of the “unknown steamer” he tor-
pedoed. Ambassador Gerard has in-
formed him that the German Govgrn-
ment is ready to send these aketches to
the United States, together with a photos
gragh of the Sussex. The German Gov-
ernment, according to Ambassador

| Gerard, takes the view that this is a
very important point in the evidence and
should be eiven due consideration by the
United States before it proceeds with the
case. Secretary Lansing thinke otlfer-
wise. He does not think that the ac-
ourary “or lack of accuracy” of a pencil
sketch made by a U boat Captain can
offset the direct and circumstantial evi-
dence which shows that the Sussex was
torpedoed.

It is probable that the communicatign
which the President will send to Berlin
will not be made public until a reply has
been received from the German Foreign
Office. As fhe note will be a severe in-
dictment of Germany it was explained

| to-day that the President may not wish
to embarrass that Government by ite pub-
lication until he has given Berlin a last
chance to modify its methods of sub-
marine warfare,

Members of the Pre@ident’s Cabinet are
responsible for the statement that the
communication 4s not an ultimatum in
the strict diplomatic eense of the word,
but is the same in effect, excepting that
no time limit is prescribed for Germany
to reply. It was strongly intimated by
officials at the White Houne, however,
that the communication will require an
answer “without delay.”

Officials at the State Department re-
fused to confirm or deny a report that
the communication has been already com-
pleted and is on the way to Berlin.

BERLIN WANTS PEACE.

Officials Anxious to Avoid Rupture,
Says a Correspondent.

Lonpon, April 15.--The Hague corre-
spondent of the Exchange Telegraph

 

 

Company cables that the Berlin Foreign
Office

has been considerably perturbed

  

ment on similar previous crises The
press concerns itself chiefly in exploding
of Sus- |

 

  

      

)Cwsar those things; the German presentation the
. whe) Sesars, for we pay you the | sex disaster without eriticising Presi-;|
Allen) ae due to strength, but wea) dent Wilson's attitude in advance or sug-
kee) to your encroachments the] gesting what tt should be.
sacre! ‘ of our. consetence, the | The Temps says:
lari: f the rightful oppressed. “Germany in.regard to the Sussex finds
"Tt wae your Exeeliency may bela denial simpler, but envelops its lia
sure, deep reflection that we de-| with underhand hypocritcal explanations
mou doto the world the evils with| which reveal embarrassment. Berlin
which our dbrothers and sisters are over-] cannot now be under any illusion with
Whelioed -srightful evils, indeed atro-| regard to the impressior which this fresh
clous mids eRe tragic horror of whi hia latory maneuvre produces across the
cold rs efuses to admit i} Atlantic, but bably counts on. the
“Hut had we not done so we should | repugnance of t! United States for a
not hive felt ourselves worthy to he rupture with Germany
the successor of the Apostles who con- “It knows thet President Wilsom ts

i determined that the conflict, if inevitable,
i shall he based on judicial grounds cov-
ibility Mexican coam-
The Katser

   

ations counted on
himself that Gierman influences
American business werld are
to coanterbalance a re-]

|
!

1 are |

} flatters

lin the

strong enough

volt }
has

been further |
of bomb mas |

“Public opinion
ao by the disc
teri thoard an ned ship, Tt is]
not for us to prejudice

United States Mt

the decision of |

{ may be that a

}eonflict may once more be avoided, Dut
successive testa to which American

|

|

 
    

|
1
jaro
|
|
i

the

Das
tience has been submitted since the Lu.
sitania have increased the tenston pro-
| fired ‘one so that a rupture appears
|

 

fated one day or another, unless the
United States obtams thy
nunctation of assaseination
iif the United States submits to this!
bie h outrage of the Sussex, her rela-

Kaiser's re-

Hive nl

itsca

 

 

ions with Germany remain, neverthe-
less, at the merey of another tneident.’

 

The Journal des Debats says

| “The German note of explanation
jamounts solely to an affirmation that)
Lape Victims perished in accordance with |
Germanic regulations The note'’s fig
nifleance is the German resolution to
{continue submarine warfare implacably.”
| The note's assumption that submar
j ines are able to distinguish and recog |
nize ships attacked is ridiculed by the}

 

    

 

 

 

 
 

 

| newspat r, which recalla the fact that |
a German submarine commander de-
{ clared that he had torpedoed the British
warship Suffren, when he had really
| sunk the French Admiral Charnier, |
| Sen on EKG :
CHELMSFORD IN PERIL.
Almed at Veascl—Three
i k, One Captured,
LONDON, April 1f.--It heeame known
| to-day that the steamship on whieh
| —

| “77”

‘{fumphteys’ Seventy-seven
| For Grip, Influenza,

COLDS

1
| To get the best results, take
“Seventy-seven” at the first feel-
ing of catching Cold.
If you wait until your bones
begin to ache, it may take
' longer.

2oc. and $1.00. at all drusgyists or mailed,

‘TONIC TABLETS

\For that tired feeling in the
\Spring and after the Grip or
lany long illness, physical ex-
haustion, loss of strength or
‘appetite, General Debility, take
Humphreys’ Tonic Tablets --
‘price, $1.00, at drug stores or
imailed on receipt of price or

isent C. O. D.
wilume roys’ FY heticine Co., 156

|
|
|
|
|

i

Baron Chelmsford, the new Viceroy of
india, was proceeding to his post was
attacked by a submarine. A torpedo wae
fired at the vessel, but it went wide of
the mark. *

The steamship, it is said, carried an
unusually la number of women and
children. Baron Chelmagord was ac-
companied by his wife and four daugh-
ters. The new Viceroy arrived at Bom-
bay on April 4.

The British steamship Shenandoah,
of 3,886 tons, has been sunk by a mine,
according to Lloyd's. All but two of the
crew have been landed.

The Danish schooner Proven, while
bound from Satubal, Portugal, for Goth-

 

(EXPERTS NAMED 10 |HAYDN’S ‘CREATION’ /$8,000,000 WA

THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1916.

——S——e

 

 

 

STED
ON GUARD—BORAH

Senator Even Charges Embez-
zlement—Lodge and Others
Protest.

LIST U.S, INDUSTRIES; SUNG ONCE AGAIN

Will Pave Way for Mobiliza-| Is Given With Brahms “Song
tion of Country’s Resources of Fate” by Oratorio
in Time of War.

Society.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FIVE FOR EACH STATE] MERITS OF PERFORMANCE|YET REED BILL PASSES

 

 

 

The names of the 250 State directors The Oratorio Society gave its third Wasutnaton, April 15.—There was

enburg, Sweden, was sunk by a German| five for each State—who under the} and final concert of the season In Car- he fel seer, ae the 7 an SS ox tae
submarine. The crew was landed at! direction of the committee on indus- y @ National Guard. It came on Sena
Yumiden, Before being. picked up. the negie Hall last evening. Brahme's

sailors were adrift in an open boat fifty-
six hours.

The German, steamship Hispania, laden
with briquettes, was sunk last night by
a mine near Handham, south of Stock-
holm, The crew was saved,

The Danish steamer Kasan, bound
from Liverpool for Copenhagen, was cap-
tured to-day In the Cattegat by a large
submarine, according to the Politiken.
The submarine placed a prize crew on
board the vessel.

 

The British steamship Shenandoah,
which was built at Glasgow in 1893,’ was
last reported aa leaving St. John, N. B.,
on March 28 for London.

DECORATES U BOAT MEN.

 

Kalser Confers Honor on Two Sab-
marine Commanders,
Lonpon, April 15.-—The decoration of
the Hohengollern Order has been con-
ferred by the Kaiser on two submarine
commanders, Lieuts, Wenninger and
Von Werner

The Prussian Order “Pour ie Merite’,
was conferred by the Emperor on an-
other submarine commander, Lieut
Otto Steinbrinck, several days ago

 

WAR RISK RATES STILL RISE. .

 

Reach Highest Point Since Last
Sammer's Scare.

German submarine activity and the!
frequency of ship disasters due to float-|
ing mines placed transatlantic war risk

 

There is little opportunity, they potnt
out. for a general slackening when the
feoghieh despatches two oor three
ships lost about the British Isles every |

shh

day, as has been the case for several of Mechanical Engineers), president of | nexssy of the Second Field Artillery, U.
days, ‘ the American Locomotive Company.) 8. A

_Rates to the southern part of the] inember of the executive committee of | to gas asphyxiation. The coroner issued
french Atlantic coast have not risen| tig Railway Business Association, vice-) @ certificate attributing her death to
with the others, the territory being out ‘president of the Merchants Assoeiation, | cuicide.

of the danger zone, and for the south! formerly general manager of the Lake| = Mrs, Hennessy wax 36 years of age
Atlantic and Mediterranean routes there} snore Ratlroad. | She ia sury ived. by her husband and a
has been a considerable decrense William McClellan (American Insti-) ten-year-old son Capt. Hennessy is

BIGGER GERMAN U BOATS.

Two Monater Submarines Launched

 

 

for Use im the Atlantic,
Special Cable Deapatch to Tar Sis
: t, April 15- The Ceneva cor-
respondent of the Daily Express talee)
graphs:

“It is reported that the Germans have |
launched at Kiel two submarines, larger
and more powerful than any prey ous |
To lroats, which are

intended for service
in the Atlantic.”

 

 

A woman’s judgment is better than her intuition, and every
thinking housewife knows the importance of buying goods by name.

Therefore, when sh

WARD:
Tit roP
BREAD

she knows that wi
the BEST with no

at her own table that she is offering every member of the family a
wholesome and nutritious food.

Grown-ups relish and enjoy TIP-TOP because it tastes good—it
The children delight in it as a healthful and nourishing
food that touches the spot.

is good.

The WARD pa
rich in nutritive qu

muscle, teeth and tissue, because it adds to the water proper propor- J
tions of beneficial lime salts which correct and modify the water to
the best standard for bread making.

Eminent pure food scientists and authorities endorse WARD'S
BREAD. Its wide sale and popularity are proof of public approval,
See that the name ‘‘WARD”’ is back of any variety of bread, rolls or

cake you buy and

THE BEST OBTAINABLE.

No Hands
But Yours
Touch TIP-TOP

 

 

| “for distinguished services to Spain and!

tor Reed's amendment, adopted later, to
provide pay for officers of the National
Guard above the rank of Captain equal
to the pay and allowances of a Captain

trial preparedness of the Naval Con-
sulting Board of the United States will
make a complete survey of American
industry so it can be mobilized in time

“Song of Fate” and Haydn's “Creation”
were sung to the manifest delight of a
large audience. The former of these
compositions was given at a Musica) Art

of war, were announced yesterday bY} goctety concert In March, 1913, but the in the regular army.
the committee's chairman, Howard B.| Oratorio Society had not presented Senator Borah of Idaho, who has fre
Coffin quently commented in the debate on the

Haydn's “Creation” for twenty-two years
and {t must have been a novelty to many
of the listeners last evening.

“The Creation” is over a century oid,
yet it has not lost its freshness nor {ts
power to charm. Doubtless much of its
tiaivete, especially in the instrumental
descriptions, can only cause a smile to
hearers accustomed to the extraordinary

and soul searching methods of contem-
porary realists. Yet even these concep-
tions of Haydn became the models for
hundreds of future composers, and in
such delineations as that of the sea the

army bill on the inefficiency of the Na-
tlonal Guard aa a factor in any pre-
paredness programme, returned to the
fight to-day with greater vigor and
read into the record information from
the War Department ich, he sald,
showed that the $8,000,000 appropriated
annually under the Dick law for Increas-
ing the efficiency of the National Guard

had been ‘‘disgracefully and shamefully
wasted,’ and in @ome cases actual em-
bezzlement had occurred.

Senator Chamberlain had pointed out

Fach of these 250 men has been ap-
pointed by Secretary of the Navy Daniels
an associate member of the naval con-
sulting board. They will be under the
immediate guidance of W. C. Gifford,
chief etatisticlan of the American Tele-
phone and Telegraph Company, who is
acting as supervising director of the
surveys tLnder them will work more
than 30,000 highly trained members of
the American Society of Civil Engineers,
the American Institute of Mining Engi-

wi

gS eS

a ‘ a { that Mr. Reed's amendment would add
neers, the American Soclety of Mechan-| jateat writers have egivaneed only in the] another million as mn tne ea
jeal Engineers, the American Institute | direction of doing the same thing On 4]! penditure on account of the National
of Electrical Engineers and the Ameri-; larger scale. Guard,

And what must the
server of music say about the closing
measures of the introduction which in
j Melodic style, harmonic basis and instru-
mental color bring “Tristan und Isolde”

instantly to mind’? If then some things
ure juvenile because they belong to had

ean Chemical Soctety. | thougntfuy ob-

Mr. Coffin said “The names and;
standing of these men speak for them. |
selves, They have been selected by
their own professional associates, with
the only standard that of efficiency and
integrity They work without pay—in- | Juventus mundi, others are of the peren-
| deed, the services of many of them could | nial variety. The beauty of “With Ver-| sented Senator Borah's comments in
/hot be bought In my judgment they | dure Clad” is of the kind that is a joy | Sharp language.

form a vast, flexible organization the, forever, and the vigér and brilliancy of |
like of which has never been known in| the chorus “The Heavens Are Telling”
this or any other country, and an or- | can still stir the spirit.
ganization, moreover, which from top to The performance of the oraterio was
bottom is absolutely non-political by no means commensurate with the
composition itself. There was a want
{of balance among the forces assembled.
The chorus sang well and {1 at different
times, At no time Was there much color
in its delivery, but there were spirit and |
good tonal qualities. The orchestra was
| not equal to the demands of even Haydn's

Friends of the National Guard who
are working to wive the State organiza-
tions a better status than the army bill
proposes rallied to the defence. Sharp
#peeches were made by Senators Cum-
mins, Reed, Sterling and others. Senator
Pomerene of Ohio, who has been mak-
ing a fight for the National Guard, re-

Guard Graft is Charged.

“T challenge the accuracy of the state-
|ment by the Senator from Idaho that
jany of these officers have violated any
jlaw,” sald Mr. Pomerene. “Tf cannot
bring myself to DelLeve they have been
guilty of any wrongdoing. T would be
very much surprised if officers of the
O%Mo National Guard are guilty of any
such charge.”

“Educational Orders.”

'

Mr. Coffin's committee has decided |
that the first step in industrial prepared. |
ness js an inventory of the country's!
manufacturing and producing resources,

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

tary defence of the country,” said Mr.

one distinctly finds himself faced] over the news of the dissatisfaction in Seren arvene sue. reey Ween Sn tne ey nail pe a ‘ ances rere’ ter awa The intonation was bad and the Shis Silt be purent ad "perort Me
: , ¥ G » best leve : since the extended] S™all annual “educational orders” for’ cnaracter of the body of tone was gen-|)' U1 be surprised,’ retorted = Mr.
with the alternative of breaking the com-| America over the recent German reply. |¢st level reached since : - army atid navy supplies be placed with mally “aw an 1 eek koral. “I have no doubt that if Sena-
of God or those of a Prince he] The correspondent states that the! German submarine campaign of last] ;) ts of establishment a tHael ane S ‘ ‘ tors who only examine what has be
follow the ts of Jesus Christ sont ith Ambassador ; wusands of establishments, ang Mat; The solo singers were Florence Hinkle, ih am at has been
Mi answer nid th Apostl It is one oa a 1 swith Co aloe London widetwriters agreed! siilled liborers be enroiied in an indus-| soprano; Paul Reimers, tenor, and Ma- done with the appropriations made for
yer as jostle. jer severi ’ f w : ‘ . . 4 | pe ; i ‘ oa . 1 Gus . » Fede ,
etter gp Gna ean sean pcg de pig 4 ane ve Hun at on a schedule of rates at the beginning| trial reserve in time of peace, With @) rion Green, bass. Miss Hinkle @ang the National Guan by the Federal Gov-
ae a ; ; von Burian, the wae TOe ® ee View to Keeping them at work in time! peautifully. Her “With Verdure Clad” /ernment they will hesttate to vote to {n-
“To act thus is not to merit reproach| Foreign Minister. Voluminous instruc-| of the week, and although they werej oe v0 pis inventory is the task to! wae lovely in feeling, in tone and in its/Ccrease those appropriations to $50,000,-
eg a ne ior mr tions. have been sent to Ambassador von! higher than any which had been quoted! whic), the five nationaleengineering so-, eer a anieh aa Green was toler. | 000 4 year as provided for in thts bill,
8 in opposition to the divine w Bernstorft ¢ th fet! } ; . : oe ° ‘ Tr t » for thin Sen: tor .
e : ; re the s nh f tl eties edged their aid, at the reques s , q wily t je time for this Senate to reflect
end lae, exceed their power and corrupt} “German officialdom. the despatch | there regularly since the sinking of the oP iat Wits quest | able, His style was well conceived, but! nat te ie ROL Rising 10 the eemte ies
Justice. Hence their authority is not “now seems willing to strain every | Lusitania, according to local under-| ¥ The five dire: tore appointed for New j his eae ani Ps aA eit irs ppeks they think they are going to get in pre-
. Binding, because when it is not just it! »,eryve in order to avoid a rupture with writers, they have s been maintained | York State ure . Z he frequent y bus Ve ’ oes paredness Tt is time that the people
: the United States, while the press con-! steadily. These provide a schedule of; | ou te re e 3 on a very hard edge. Mr. Reimers de- should know. We are Alling this army
“Excellency, your authority cannot! tinues in a most flamboyant way to give! 2 per cent, to ports on the west coast of) 1) G wal eee aoe s ogy & livered hie recttatives in a dull and a oun ein ne i a ed
then be exercised except in accordance] advice to President Wilson, publishing | England, 2%) to 3 per cent. to Londen | ‘ih te Sa hair hat ws Aivect rv of Oe etn ‘i 2 ares) a enone eer | proprintions taken from the national
with justice. Kece in justitia regnabit] vicious articles and cartoons of the! and east coast ports and 3 per cent. to) sane =. oO, chairman or direct ‘ their original value sreasury, WhItH Wwe could Not + ava i
Rex. (Hehold, in justice the King will] president.” j transchannel porta. Inany public service corporations; edus| The Brahms work went respectably. |) ‘ongress for 1 he win 16 Ae
reten.) a vacates ae i | The American market has been gradu-| “ted at Pennsylvania State College and | Its own intrinsic beauty is so great that | (6 © ONBIOSS or : single minute if it
HWhie na prince casts aside justice we wit Be hy lally rising all week teward London and Cornell University, vice-president of the} even a routine performance of it can Rive | Tone the wiles ae peabucewd via” being
no longer owe him efther obedience, Ml PARIS PRESS VIEWS. lhas at present reached rates of about ean ar rics rican Tnstitute Bis cr uhading ih the er Ge are Senator Reed followed in an attack on
spect or loyalty, Placed by tt a 14, r cent. for west coast ports and 2} rat Sr eae : e ts ‘ . J itt » a y and ral ae
ou en t hg arciiienineohes ‘ata of ° feule G jany’s per a OF a o Tandon ane east | of Mining Engineers), president of the) chorus, and Mr. Koemmenich, the con. | the seep ae ee nt a Sea 8 AttacH oF
we are only answerable to our Perna Paners rere See const ports. It is expected by local | SPanish-American Jron Company, presi-| ductor, showed himself to be possessed bed i 1 ea : tae This eon ane
‘ mY an ‘ » oF . 3 ’ . “ring Soc , tele, . ror hat quarter i » g Sen-
e and if in the discharge of Sueset Egplanation. l underwriters that the rise will continue! oc" of the I ee ee ring oe lety, | of a sensitive feeling for the music. aan ted a iets action vee en
2 7 i | » ide ” . OR nsti- .
ftlee we are obliged to raise Special Cable Despatch to Tuk Svs leven more. At least, they say, accord- fre Maine bninasce davelebee oft I - | “S think {t is unfortunate to have the
we believe ourselves to bel yachts, April If CDelayedy —Comment [Wie to present indications, the market | {00 {ia wunrasoue mines and ratroads| ARMY MAN'S WIFE A SUICIDE, | Nationa! Guard presented here as the
eg the teachings of our Divine]... the German note shows a a stinet en steady for some time to] i cuba: decorated by the King of pain | enemy of all other branches of the mili-
change in tone as compared with com- .

with the Grand Cross of a Knight Com-

Mra, Fred B, Hennessy Found Dead
mander of the Order of Isabel la Catolica

of Gas in Capital,

15 —Mrs
wife of Capt.

mone

WASHINGTON,
Waldo H. Marshall (American Society |

erick B.

Fred-
Hen-

April
liennessy,

tute of Electrical Engineers), consulting! stationed at Fort Sill, Okla,

   

 

   

 

 

 

Lodge, "T have a great respect for the
National Guard of my own State and
generally, but we also have a regular
army which has been made the subject |
of wanton attack here on this floor.

SWORN INTO SERVICE

iCol. Willard C. Fisk

Sneers About Gold Lace,

“1 for one am now and always have
been very grateful to the regular army.
The Senator from Idaho has shown)
from official reports that the money!
spent under the Dick law has been!
largely given to the officers of the mili-
tla, while the enlisted men have had |
little or nothing. He has not charged
that it was spent illegally; simply that
{t has gone. And what is the reply? Many newly commissione) oticeg ae
That these figures are due to some wick! the New York National ¢

 

"ASSOg
Examination to Sueceed
Col. Appleton.

 

 

edness of the regular army. : i fl 0 been

“Then we have also heard the cheap Re ase. or a eee ne the last
sneers about gold lace and all that port | oe ur ulected ts ard ra.
of thing. Who is fighting your battles! on ned Col, Dur at x '
in Mexico now? The regulara,. Who; with the brevet rank of Majonn.

has never failed vou on any battlefield? |
The regulars, Who is holding your bor- i

der in Mexico? The regulars, Who led! en ine nina
your army In the civil war to victory On} pave peen

has passed his exanidniiion any

Infant
conimise “

 

oth sides? The regular officers, the! qi vacancies, ax yy ee 4
Graduates of West Point.” i Barager, David DP, Mohler. 4 ,
Senator Borah’s exhibit was desiened) git and bredenek <_ r

to show that officers of the National}

 

 

Secon: nfar rede
Guard had used up the great bulk of | the can tis ie sara ne
appropriations under the Dick law at These officers |
the various camps of Instruction, while! a, First Lieutena uy
the enlisted men got a relatively small) ctead. Troay (Pires Os
share. Here are some of the figures) ¢, MeClure, Uattery ft ob
he used to prove his contention; | tillery; Joseph Ti. Pitts aud « ee 5
Ramsey, Second infant sia

Troops in attendance, four companies; | Offivers who have }

total payments to officers, $1,957; to. Second Lieutenant: ar 1 Cha are
enlisted men, $625. | Warren, Battery 1, eld A
Camp of instruction, Alabarna, 1912—/ tillery; Otto J. Meinecke. | c
Troops in attendance never in excess of | Artillery; Charles IL Seott, Commine
one regiment; duration twenty days; | Seventy-first Infantry Dr. ¢ . +!

  

Dp
for duty with the
: Heyworth Camp-

amount paid to staff department
were not memibe
ticipating, $2,822

who}
s of the regiment par-

Kaveer, Medic
Seventy-firs: Ii

   

 
 
 
  
 

bell, Battery Tt. Birst Field Artillery
Camp of Instruction, Mississippi, 1912] Truman Smith, Company A, Twelfth te!
—Enlisted men never at any time in Alonzo Kk Sweet

|
| Camp of instruction, Delaware, 1912-—|
| ian * 200; total payments to offi- meee

fantry, and
B, Second Infantrs

 

 

 

cers of staff department, $1,999. In the The following oflcers lave been placed
same State the total funds disbursed for} on tha reserve list Capt, John @
maintenance during 1911 and 1912,| Punger, Fourteenth Infantry ; ex-Liey:
$11,893, of which $9,754 was pald to| George P. Bill, Seventh Infantry: pipes
officers and only about $700 to eniisted|) Lieut. James WW. Davie, Seeond Field
men Artillery ; ex-Firet Lieut. Henry 4.0 de
| Other eimilar showings were read by} Rubio, 201et New York Volunteers; ex.
Senator Borah as to camps of instrue- Capt, Arthur FE. Conner, First Infa ites
tion {in Texas, Ohio, Alabama and Ar-| ex-Capt. Charles J. Lamb, First Infan.
izona | try, and First Lieuts. John Ho Moree.
Senator Cummins of t0\.. made a| son and Edward CC, Strack, West tn
ee reply to Senator Borol: and de-| fantry.
fended the National Guard officers of 5 <a

lowa. He said that if Senator Borah's y -
ee | SENATE AMENDS ARMY BILL.

true it was time to halt
consideration of the mili.iry bill and}
start an investization. | Donble Oath and

Pay for High
Militia Officers,

    

 

WASTING ‘, April 15.- ® Senat
TO TRAIN MARINE CADETS. [iispoed. ur tives. amendinente te tne
ne ;army bill to-day. Senator Wadceworth's

  

House Gets Alezander Bill for Two) amendment prescribing the double oath

Government Schools. for Cmcame anid esilisted men of the Ne.

tional Gaurd, which is to fix the obiiga-

Wasttinaton, April i4.—Representa-|tion primarily to the Vederal Govern.

tive Alexander, chairman of the House! ment, and secondarily ‘o the State, was

| Committee on Merchant Marine, intro- | “(o#ted by a vote ot to 23. This is
duced a bill to-day to establish two Gov-

 

Fone of the amendments designed te “Fed

eralize the militia.”

 

 

 

    

   

ernment schools for training and educat- Senator Sutherland's amendment te tn.
ing young men to become engineer and crease the coast artillery Was iost by a
, 7? * be
| deck officers in the merchant marine. It see gg de ceded
! amendinent { ed by Seng
| {s proposed to incorporate the measure in| Reed r rive anh ¢ Po
the ship purchase bill now under con- | Guard above the rani of Capta 4
sideration by the committee pay and alluwances of & Cag! ite
* ’ pilar rm ‘ ‘ ‘ ¢
The Dill provides that one of the ria ane we BARR OL
| he vote on ¢! army t + ane
training schools be established on the Wieaday : ar
| Atlantic and one on the Pacifle coast. | eer eee
\It is further proposed that 125 cadets ae
}shall be appointed each year who must) ines Wt Child,
have qualified for entrance by having Yea ' " daugh.
{served s's months as apprentice sea- i" 1 \ Nad
{men in the navy or for two yeurs in the inst night of ptomaine poisoning at -
merchant marine how "51 Seven! v-fiftl street }
It is estimated that the schoo's will) Ridge
cost $245,000 a year—-$125,000 as al-| Last Ti ‘ 1 \
lowances to the 250 cadets at £500 ner seme oonne ¢ ‘
annum each, $100,000 for mainta Wallace and the child ate Mes he.
training. s p and $200,900 for ins eame | i ‘The i
tors and incidental expenses, | mother have ree

Hampton Furniture

HE stately sincerity and dignity
which so impressively distin-
guished the Manorial Living

England were

due not to the Furniture alone but
{ccilings, the lofty

and the pictur-

esque panelings of time-mellowed oak.

engineer, graduate of the University of ccaenahnieinasnanneiabieatar
‘e § ¢ a. . ,
Pennaytvania, «nor (American Chem.| Americans om Bark Saved. i the New Galleries
teal Society), manager of the Corn | WASHINGTON, April 15.—-Despatches
Products . Refifing Company former) received by the State Department from
president Or the Amertoan Institute of the American Consul at (Queenstown state
Chemical Engineers, chairman of the that fifteen minutes was given the crew
New York section of the American) of the British bark Inverlyen to leave
Chemical Societys ther vessel before it was sunk by the
iS gunfire from a submarne. One boatload Hails ot Blizabethan
of the crew is still unaccounted for. The
Russian General rigere Dead, jonly two American men of the crew also to the coffere:
Loxbpon, April 4ien, Plehye, rae} reached land in another boat, The bark, casemented windows
tired cormprianee fthe Russian nertherg | wt ich was unarmed, made no res{stance,
army, is dead at Moscow | according to the Consul

. Was found dead here to-night, e
|

world rooms, are

e asks for
*.

the furniture bue

modern hoine,

Hampton

th it she will get quality, purity and cleanliness—
increase in price. She knows when she serves it

tented process of bread making produces a loaf
alities and a valuable aid in the building of bone,

= earn -%
atesseuwn . oo &

n\n ee oe
a i) plP TY
ro ae q

ee
rv
yl

fb ee .

you are certain of

Delivered Fresh
and Clean
Every Sunrise.

 

 

LT

TM Oe eel legs ‘ ia

Fe acca cee ett eat ch nat eet tee crea eres has Pecan tenets icone aiabedtieitlentped

 

Ih surroundings such as these, recall-
ing the very atmosphere of those old-

now display ed the

Hampton Reproducti@ns of old Eng-
lish Furniture—the pate-legged Table,
the high-backed cane-seated Chairs and
the carven Court-cupboards—which so
faithfully reflect the forceful age in
which their originals were fashioned,

Thus, in the New Building, sugges-
tions mav be gathered not only for

for the complete

decorations and arrangements of the

Shops

18 East 50th Street
Faring St. Patrick's Cathedral
New York

ee ee

J
—

———~