am
;
7

RE ARE ORD SER TREN Se A RS PF

HERE is something indescribably
touching in the attitude of the
French critics toward the exhibi-

tion of the Triennale, the reviews of which
are now arriving in this country. When
read in the mass, the one after the other,
the background of the war is only too
visible. Andre Michel actually begins his
article in Delnis thus:

“One must not blame those who paint
and model while the battle rages, since
it is their profession and their destiny

to paint and model, and if we in the
rear, the old and useless, stop before these
works of art and dare to discuss them with
our readers, whose hearts and thoughts
are like ours, where the cannons thunder,
it is not, you must believe, because of in-
curable dilettanteism or vain curiosity.”
Some such justification as this is uttered

 

HEAD BY ROBERT LAURENT.

Recently shown at the Petrus Stuyve-
sant Club.

by all of them, and even the one exception
among them who chooses to attack the
quality of the works that are shown—
all but Marius Leblond in the Matin are
markedly kind and considerate to every-
thing exposed—clearly is in a state of
nerves and merely expresses the general
emotion though in a céntrary way. He
went to the gallery of the Jeu de Paume
in a high state of exaltation, hearing, like
M. Michel, the roar of distant cannon and
yearning for some painter hero to silence
them. Instead he was confronted with some
of the usual nudes and became scandalized.
It was not the moment in which to study
the high light upon a woman’s ankle, he
felt, nor could he even bear a color scheme
founded upon the charms of a copper
kettle. His outcry is forceful, but of
course unfair.

What does M. Leblond expect? Does
he wish the comedian to earn his living as
a tragedian henceforth? Is the violin to
be thrown away and only the war drum
heard? One would imagine that the gen-
eral forgiveness meted out to the little
Jongleur de Notre Dame in the opera
would be a sufficient answer. Though the
heavens fall we must play our game out
in our individual way.

“We must be equally severe," he writes,
“in such a period of discipline and con-
science, for our artists as for our adminis-
tration or our Parliament. At this moment,
when so much that is noble is giving soul
and spirit to the Patrie on the front, I
endeavored to find in this exhibition what
the artists have been giving of their spirit
and their souls.

“Deception, almost revolting! I see
these artists treating subjects that are
practically childish, A Mme. Marval to
create the human interest is obliged to play
with puppets! Truly, while men are
waging a war of giants is it dignified upon

Symons

New Galleries replete with
an_ interestin
collection of
of Art.

Rare English China, ex-
ceedingly Rare Battersea
Enamels, Glass, Fine Chip-

and varied
ntique Works

endale & French and
talian Art Furniture, Tap-
estries, Bronzes, Clocks,
Figures in Dresden & Sevres

and

Rare Chinese
Porcelaing

New York * 26 East 45th Se.
London: Hanway Street

 

segs ee tee

 

a es

SERRE TEN er-epreDene-e

 

    
 
 
  

the part of a woman of such a standing
as Mme. Marval to constitute herself the
mother, the nurse, of such affected dolls?
And the harm is in the lack of conscience
with which she dates this work by putting
newspapers in the hands of these gay crea-
tures upon which one reads ‘Montmirail’
and other glorious inscriptions of the battle
of the Marne.

“And you, Pierre Laprade, whom we
loved during the peace for your gallant ab-
stractions from the eighteenth century, was
it the moment for you to paint and to ex-
hibit to us a monkey fooling at a window?
I believe some monkey evil genius con-
trolled your palette. You are in the
trenches, Laprade, I know; you live among
men and behind masks of protection against
poisonous gases that make our poilus look
like beasts; but krow, my dear Laprade,
you must see only beauty in man!

“No, it is not the moment to fool."

M. Leblond pays his compliments to
Matisse, Manguin Marquet and the other
modern spirits in equally savage terms.
He mocks at the big Matisse canvas, in
blue, gray afid purple, of little fishes
swimming in a glass bowl, which he had
seen previously at Bernheim-Jeune's and
says to continue such a style in 1916 is a
condemnation in itself. ‘‘Never were you
more ‘sincere,’"’ he cries ironically to
Matisse. ‘You showed me by your ex-
hibition of imitations after the masters at
Bernheim's that your true trade was that
of a copyist, but this time I catch you ‘in
the act’ of dulness. Truly, is that your
thought? All your researches, all your work
I now declare to be frivolous."

Of all of these exhibitors Maurice Denis,
Paul Flandrin and Odilon Redon alone
receive his praise.

Maurice Denis sends a religious piece,
a “Sacre Coeur.” The Mater Dolorosa is
seen leaning against the Figure upon the
cross with the Sacred Heart irradiating His
translucent flesh. Judging it from the
photograph (never a wholly fair test, of
course), it appears to be a work that
would seem affected and labored in times
of peace, but M. Leblond, thirsting for
exaltation, lauds the canvas to the skies.
“It is as moving as a verse from Dante,”
he says. ‘When life has become heroic
art must present us only with works that
are victories.”

Vuillard, the neoimpressionist, and Bour-
dello, the sculptor, are the most generally
acclaimed by the other critics and un-
doubtedly carry off the “publicity” honors
of the show, although Rodin, Degas and
Renoir are among the ‘‘also rans."

Edouard Vuillard has a very strong posi-
tion and was probably the “smartest”
painter in the Parisof before the war. His
works were always to be seen in Bernheim-
Jeunes before they were quite dry and
generally they were placed in the window,
where they effectually stopped the passers-
by. They had such an undoubted clever-
ness of brushwork that even conservatives
had to admit Vuillard was a painter while
protesting against his disdain of facts. He
threw a lovely assortment of tones upon
the canvas, but the human form divine
was treated as an accessory, and often
the lady's shaw! trailing over the side of
the chair was made more important than
the lady.

In his present portrait of Mme. Franz
Jourdain the lady triumphs. To the aston-
ishment of the conservatives the portrait
actually looks lie Mme. Jourdain, and
though the accessories are many and interest -
ing Mme. Jourdain interestsmore. ‘Ingres
would have painted it differently,” says
M. Michel, “but Velasquez would have
regarded it with complacency, while Char-
din would have loved it, for it is unques-
tionably French. It will probably be one
of the masterpieces of the time.”

Bourdelle’s ‘‘Herakles’’ was shown in
plaster at the autumn salon, but the gen-
eral opinion is that it gains decidedly in
the bronze. Hercules is shown lancing an
arrow from an enormous bow, his attitude
crouching, with muscular legs braced far
apart against rocks. It appears to be in
Bourdelle's best manner.

Renoir's bronze Venus provoked no en-
thusiesm, nor did his canvas “Eurydice."
“Eurydice’ might just as well have been
called ‘‘Baigneuse, No, 88," for she looke
precisely like the long line of bathers that
this painter has put forth. In the photo-
graph the color cannot be judged, but the
design is weak. A young girl’s head of

   

THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL

ereensnerw eere-vem-a genitt ees cemyeectengensiem etre ttt tenet te Le I TEE NE NOT TI NL CTS NE LY LLL IL I GLE LL tN LT CLO LE A LI TT I LOT TIT

16, 1916.

    
    
      
       
   
    

;

“GYPSIES IN SOUTHERN FRANCE,” BY AUGUSTUS JOHN.
Owned by John Quinn, Esq., and recently loaned to “The Coffee House Club.”

the persistant Renoir type rests upon an
elderly torso, which it must be confessed
is weakly drawn. Jacques-Emile Blanche
contributes a showy portrait of an actress
from the Odeon, which I think Chardin
would not have loved, although it is French;
Degas an “Etude de Femme” of no great
interest, Forain some ‘Danseuses’’ in

 

WOOD CARVING BY ROBERT
LAURENT.

Recently shown at the Petrus Stuyve-
sant Club.

i

“GREYHOUNDS,” BY HUNT DIEDERICH.
On exhibition in the Bourgeois Galleries.

  

rather a Degas manner, and finally Rodin's
“Le Desir’’ is a small group in plaster of
no special significance.

‘Les Artistes Morts pour la Patrie,”’ just
issued by the French Government, is one of
the acts of justice characteristic of those in
the war not actually engaged at the front,
another instance that individual sacrifice
in this war of millions of human beings is
not to be overlooked or forgotten.

The list of artists, architects, musicians,
actors and art workers who have fallen in
service between August, 1914, and Decem-
ber, 1915, is given with a short biegraphy
of each, and often with a special estimate by
an expert of the achievements of the art-
ist. Those who have written prefaces to
the various sections of the book are Leon
Bonnat, Albert Dalimier, Bartholome,
Widor, Pascal and Mme. Bartet of the
Comedie Francaise.

There are innumerable instances in these
short biographies of heroic attitudes and
noble self-forgetfulness in times of danger,
and it is impossible to read the recital un-
moved, for this expenditure of good blood
seems a difficult one to be reconciled to.
The list is a formidably long one, and the
loss is one the world will never be able to
estimate, for these men for the most part
were young, and their talents were but be-
Giuning to ripen and their true powers
were known only privately to their friends.
These, however, have written most elo-
quent t ibutes to their lost comrades. Good
artist, good soldier, is practically said of all.

Walter Sickert's ‘‘True Futurism” in the
March Burlington is a more or less veiled
reproach that there will be academicians
even among the futurists, and that all fol-
lowers of movements merit the accusation.
Among his instances is this one of Turner:

“Ruskin is said to have made the reputa-
tion of Turner, a statement which I con-
fess I profoundly disbelieve. And certainly
no line of Turner's pencil, no wash of
Turner's brush, was ever affected by a word
that Ruskin wrote. The only writings of
Ruskin in which Turner took a real
interest were certain Arabic numerals and
a certain current signature on leaves
that were torn from Ruskin's checkbook.
We all know the story of Turner's leaving
a hospitable house where a band of col-
leagues had passed a delightful evening
in aesthetic discussion, distinguishing them-
selves by the subtlety, the ingenuity and
the eloquence of their contentions. Turner
alone remained dumb. Stepping out into
the night he sniffed the air and produced
this, his tardy and only contribution to the
symposium, ‘Rummy thing, painting.”

There are numbers of rather elderly
people in town who object violently to
modern art, but hitherto they have lacked

c te em
" ‘ :

a great leader. They will rejoice exceed-
ingly therefore to learn that Guido Bruno
appears to be willing to be “It.” Mr.
Bruno gave some of his time to the recent
Forum Exhibition and records his conse-
quent emotions thus, in Bruno's Weekly:

“My chair is comfortable. But the
walls! The rays from the skylight! Green.
Red. Blue. Purple. Yellow. Green and
Yellow. Orange. Black and Blue. And
Red. Red. Red. Red. Green, yellow;
green, yellow; green, yellow. A head on a
terrible neck. A deformed hand sticking
out of a mass of brown and black squares
and circles. Feet without toes, arms with
fungous growths and rheumatic knots,
buildings and earth and wrecked bridges
and wild rivers and clouds, frozen to shape-
less heaps . it rotates and rolle
and turns and rotates and rises and falls,
and writhes and writhes around and around
and explodes and burns up and writhes
again; hard labor, inspiration, imagination,
illusion—delusion truth ...
a big beautiful bubble.

“It bursts.

“I arise, I leave my seat.

‘‘Down into the street. Ah! how wonder.
fully pure seems the air on a cold March
morning, even here in Fortieth street in
the heart of smoky old NeW York.”

As nearly as one may make out the above,
Mr. Bruno joins the opposition. But ap-
parently the Forum Exhibition almost
got him.

 

With an imposing beard, an eye that
darts fire when there is a word of malice to
be said. a tall figure that might belong to
an idler but is in reality the equal of a wood-
chopper's, so is Van Dongen, the artist,
before his great white canvas, writes ‘Le
Promeneur"’ in the Paris Figaro.

Some strokes from a sure crayon, a splash
of blue, some deep yellows, and suddenly
upon the canvas a female head lives upon
a supple figure wrapped caressingly in a
shawl. One thinks one seizes the tactics of
this artist. From mass to the flat tone, the
eyes sharply traced, it's not difficult, thinks
the amateur. But Van Dongen laughs in
his beard. From a corner of the studio he
pulls out a sketch made in another process,
and he continues with other sketches, all
courageous in style but which one would
not have supposed his.

The critic no longer knows to which saint
to consecrate himself. How define the
talent of a painter who seems to have
robbed Light of her secrets?

Van Dongen has come back from Spain.
He has brought back some superb works
which outdistance by far the works of
more celebrated painters who have trans-
lated a more conventional Spain. An artist
only recently said of him:

“They will make as much noise over
Van Dongen later on as over Manet.”

 

Copyright by Albin,

RL RO

 

 

EXHIBITION

Of A Remarkahte Collection o;

Antique Chinese Glass

Marvelous in both
Form and Coloring

AT OUR NEW GALLERIES

619 Fifth Avenue

Between 49th and

   
   
      
 

Ath Streets

ALSO

Rare Old Chinese Porcelains
Japanese Curies & other Works of Art

“Just receiced and placedon View

Dee & Fukushima

DIRECT IMPORTERS
WM. F. DEE

  

  

INC
OTTO FURUSHIVS

GOUPIL&CO >”,

THREE EXHIBITIONS
THE SCULPTURES

of

EDWARD FIELD SANFORD, s-.

and

MONOTYPE & COLOR PRINTS

ou

PRINCE JEAN PALEOLOGUF.

April 8th to May Ist inclusive
Also

OIL PAINTINGS

tu

PAUL PHILIPPOTEAUX

April 19th to May 2d tnelusive

58 WEST 45TH STREET eins

La Place
Antique Shop

WANTED, AUDAVIS, Mur.
Formerly of 4th Av. and 6 West 28th St.
Beg to Announce
their REMOVAL to

242 Fifth Avenue

West Side —South of tsth Se.)

Period Furniture

and Faithful Reproductions

Sheffield Plate —Antiques, &c.

Interior Decorations —Curios

Prints—Period Mirrors

Oriental Porcelain Tapestries,&c
By personally covering the European
field, we offer exclusive selections.

      

 

  
      
     
     
     
     
       
     
       
 
     
   
       
       
           
   
       
     
      

  

Arlington Galleries

Now on free View

CHARACTERISTIC
EXAMPLES OF THE

LEADING

AMERICAN ARTISTS

Crifical inspection Inriled

274 MADISON AVENUE

Between 40th and 40th Streets New York

MONTROSS GALLERY
Pictures By

JEAN CROTTI MARCEL DUCHAMP
ALBERT GLEIZES JEAN METZINGER
APRIL Ath to 22nd

550 Fifth Avenue, above 45th Street

     

C'anessa Gallery
1 West 50th St.

Formerly The Altman Gallery

EMIL FUCHS

Announces the Exhibiton of his
RECENT PORTRAITS
Until April 30th inclusive
at the Galleries

Jacques SELIGMANN & Co.
705 Fifth Avenue (55th St.

sof

Cathedral Parkway Gallery

Exhibition of Paintings by
John Sharman

Weekdays only-Until Apri! 28th

ranev O00 W. 110 St-°S. W. Cor Broadway

F.W. Devoe & Co’s
ARTISTS MATERIALS
For Studio, Sehoot and Outdoor Use «

World Standard
Everything for Sketching from Nature.

Fav Sate atall well equipped

       
   
       
         

seta Veh Supply Stores

Fulton & William Streets, N. Y.

Advertising Rate—ffin cents per agate line for cach

inser. Copy required fully ten days in adrarc