SIXTH SECTION . SHAKESPEARE
TWELVE PAGES TERCENTENARY

se YORK, SUNDAY, Pe DUN _sesen
APRIL 16, 1916.

and Publtehing Agpoctation.

 

 

>

WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE

 

 

  

 
  
 

rivcact

In the National

Forinnt Gallery
London Consva

Genuine by Un

Fame of Shakespeare Rounded Out by

Three Centuries of Study and Expert
Criticism----All Races Join in

Praise of the Supreme Poet

By JOHN COWPER POWYS, speare—so to speak—from his friends. in

With the Single Exception of the Bible
More Books Have Been Written About
Him Than About Any Subject That
las Gripped the Mind of Man

 

     

      

 

     

 

 

           

  

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

   

 

 

    

 

  

 
 

 

   

 

 

 

together in that abselute fe@ioity of inde mockery of all hones rithe.sn whieh ts
beat ‘ : , Fe “oer words, from those who persist in croibable ispiration whic capes all net only Cliristiar on tefl and
Mather of "Viiow und Revision raising him for the possession of ali aie iit) Gib ‘"
: sties the very absence of which in him is Bu to is upon the naturalness athol,
“Wood and Stone,” “Con- one of his chief claims io our regard work that oge would continue to lay stress To waive some of the most oxpresaive
fessions,” &c. Mr. Shaw is perfectly right; Shakespeare spite of all euphuistic flamboyance, in and characteristic passages oa the plays
His arriy f the terceutenary of has no definite philosophical propaganda, spite of all passionate intellectual con- as mere pandering to popular superstition
Shakespeare ind ina tragie hour and only a race of academic critics so lensation, it remains that no one has so Sa stretch of secular prejndtce ner lightly
rrives for the majority of his etup’dly moralistic as our own, or. so requentiy caught the very “perfume @nd to be pardoned tn a st 4 but
fellow countrymen--forces us once naively pedantic as our adversaries across ipplianee’ oof human sorrow and haman equelly is it vin ar oe to
nare | y and visualize with some meas he North Sea, could possibly have sup- And te is Caught these not merely eNpealN AWANV as dramis esstons to
we ‘ what at t! ate date and jesed that he had The Frenchman ‘Taine, the Hps andint earts of narmal and tho exigencies: ¢ ‘ t lofty and
fer t e tu ne years  owith that clear logical insight into #s- vell constituted persons it has not bee mel mm if nd death
greatest poet's means for theth problems which the Latin mind Tic ry mnized how far he has gone wr from the “sure
swe sent het mes tione possesses, sets us upon the right with what the sil fashion of cur medioe ! seems
se from amid nd bhewil- track here by his emphasis upon the per- tv swamped age calls degenerates and t S itiaganation ke
eine Yothis dark hour of the world's sonal and ime@ginative aspect of Shake- eurotios-= out hus caught them in the the imagination of ba wd Vit and
ot speare’s work. and his light glossing over tle erties and sobs and ltughter of the Velasquez, was ineatrion yout ep wit
ie inte his own; critical and of the ‘definitely philosophical.” mormal! { e perverted Catholic symbolism and Cathe tradition
isseitent voiees have grown few and far The point at issue between Mr. Shaw It is necessary ones more to remind the while at the Saine time * disillusioned
ete The judgment of the icious” and Shakespeare is indeed a point full of re eus ie f amoene one's contem- PARAN reason, visual ‘ = fa f existe
' rat fled by the plaudits of the interesting ~sychelogical controversy. — It waries that Shakespeare as a poet is the ence, such as Sop it
row He is the supreme poet of our race, Is nothing mere nor less then the eternal extreme opposite of what.in these days Is have done. played tende and willy
robaly the supreme poet of the whole conflict between the puritan and the ar- ghtly named a pumist? ft is really round the ine Viable t dest The
ace mankind tist. The pathetic thing is that there are x less tn the gentle, wears Catholic priests in Sti pear nlia'a Ara
With t exception of the Bible, more stil) innumerable puritans—-and they often playfu nduigent pessimism of treated with an affe ries it
witks e been written upon this Shake- occupy professional chairs in our universi- Shakespeare i osuel energetic and domi- anv rate. that is se wilt er ones
speavan volume than upon any other prod. — ties--who still faney, in their conventional neering spirits as Tolstoy and Shaw are ‘The great political minded ps : teh
tof che unwearted brain of the world — innocence, that Shakespeare is what thes found so angrily protesting. Why doesn’t as Beaufort, Wolses, Pand yucheg
woul, A early all these books are eulue “naively” call “a great thinker.” he— they seem to save bestir himself and with less symy or
mistic. § Tire nay differ from one another A great thinker he certainly is. and a evolve some sensible tangible gospel or prejudice
thelr itions and explanations—- great philosopher too, perhaps: but his philasophy by means of whiely the progress Nothing [Is more
nev are agreed in their lavish and unmiti- thought is the thought of an artist rather of the world may } celerated instead of than that ridiculous goth
sted appreciation, than a metaphysician, and his, philosophy tering bitter and too human complaints and omniscient Shite + ea
Nor is this chorus of Jaudation confined naturalla @nd pre@perly understood would touched with the musie of magical beauty, characters like a god “in va ind never
toourown tongue, Our present Teutonic fill these pious s¢uls with indignant dis ver the hopelessness” for a > moment rem Ne 3 vn mask
iversarie ave in certain respects even may Well, it is clear enough why he doesn't ‘This mysterious Sha eure f t? Fas
surpassed ourselves ino their devotion to The more one analyzes Shakespeare's ul- do it; he doesn't do it because he doesn’t mote and concealed identity En ihean. made
poe Toe translations of Shakespeare timate attitude toward the world the more elieve progress in that sense at all much too popular t the unfe ite Ace
nto German rival the most famous trans- completely does one umderstand the pecu- What he belleves in is the acquiring by vession toe his cual ® imp Nt crite
stens of aii time. and the commentaries of liar thrill of rageowhich it is bound to excite mano ody that natural and unmystical ordi- ies aS Arnold and Brownin H nevere
German so! arship upon the plays come in the typical puritanic mind; that is to nary man so seldom consid din poetry theless, a fla@ment of " ‘ ! ich
fe in claberate naivete and erudite art- say. if such a mind is honest with itself of some sort of imaginative resignation, by as the ordinary man or worna ie he
essness with German textual criticism of and clear headed enough—as Mr. Shaw means of whi the Durden of the world's plavs simply and naturally. « veeps
the itself himself—to see through the fogs and mists fatality may be made a ttle lighter and aside
e Germans it would appear that of academic hypocrisy. The conventional easier as he gees bis wat Taine and Brandes ey safer
the Seandindvians and the Slavs have been notion of Shakespeare thrust down the Tt often happens that the essence of a guides. The latter's fumeos Weclation
fallthersces most spiritually and wstheti- throats of our unfortunate infants by de- great artist's attitude to the world is to he entitled “William Shia } idopts t} ao
ay udebted to Shakespeare, though here — signing moralists is of course the typically found rather in the fue and intangible sensible and obvious view andy his
i there infatuated groups of Latin lit- English notion of a shrewd and somewhat Sy " Droeetou? RPortrare atmosphere which the mention of Nis fantastic bubble of mousked ome : fe
terateurs on Franee and Italy and Spain jocular preacher-poet, full of his little nate evokes in the mind of an average the most complete manne: \s Mmatler
nave de ed themselves to him and drawn “quips and cranks and wanton wiles,” but Zngraved oy Martin Droeshourt ond Mrefixed lo tHe Pirsé® sensitive person than in the most elaborate of tact, no honest man cay red © plies
spratlen from him with an elan and pas- profoundly and gravely set upon delivering Folio, IO2ZS3 of philosophical analyses ‘ine begins to without becoming gradual) wire of @
son even more extravagant and abandoned, his moral message to a bewildered and lam- have a suspicion as one listens to the pro- quite definite personaliis emergne fram
It might be of interest before attempting entably erring world. This. we need nerves ridiculously far In this matter at has been iluminated by a genius akin grim envy of the royal courae™ of George nouncements of the schoolmaster type of them; a personallry of pn nate and
suumary of the eauses of this uni-  seareely point out, is the very last thing any rate the insincerity is net on Shake- ta ‘is own have not been the official com- TT, who is reported to have roundly de- ig eompared with the hesitating stam exalted prefudices a personalit entialie
ersa) aoreement, equalled only by the de- Shakespeare was. Shaw is absolutely speare's side; the insincerity is on the side mentators im their elaborate and Sehglarls elared his detestation of the poet the fact, merings of the illiterate, that “the real pon and wounded The crueliies of life
on ¢ olars to the great names of right; Shakespeare had neither a definitely Of those who because of some vaguely for- — treitises. One feels indeed sometimes as namely, that these plays do appeal, in some Shakespear reveals himself more com and “Fooled to the 1 f his bent” by the
jterature, to point out the articulated philosophy nor a definitely ar- mulated theory of the perfectibility of aver- though the expression ‘a Shakespearian quite unusual and extraordinary way, to pletely in that vague and curious mental stupidities of his fellow morta er
few exer nal cases of protest and dis- ticulated ethical system. It is for this rea- age human nature shrink from any honest scholar’ were synonymous with a. tire- both the sophistionted and the unsophis- atmosphere which his name conjures up part of this tiresome lt of omniscience
sent son that he is so supremely great. He is envisaging of the real psychology of that some, meticulous fool: but rhe -piemaariver teaieG as “ hy do they pes this than in any other conceivable way. to regard all the aspects ¢ " * works
Vhat may he called the typical Gatin with the artists and the saints, not with the ost treacherous of al! animals, the many less pedantic company of the great writers peculiar appeal? That is the question one And what does his name conjure up in of the poet as of equal and supreme valne,
et to Shakespeare, the reaction of prophets and the schoulmasters, headad he himself has inspired; such names, for cannot aVveid attempting to unsWwer, the natural and ordinary person's mind whereas it is quite certain thar na han?
disturbance and wonder produced upon There is, however, yet another modern And vet it is not altogether a misunder- instance, as Goethe, Heine, Hugo, Lamb, What is the essential secret, the undying putting aside such tiresome recollections of artist who ever [hy as been more une
peend issic tunte by the abnortual riche objection brought against Shakespeare, and Standing, this blind fury of Puritan re- Keats, Matthew Arnold and Walter Pater and immortal eharm, of this first among all chool or class as tease us With supertictal equal, more capri ig, Mole Waverine th
Nees And strangeness of this supreme bare on quite different grounds—this is the fa- formers of such opposite types as Tolstoy One Teels tempted to exclude Coleridge the poeta? ne js tempted to arene ; Nadtatian® Surely the impression of a his interest in his at
har immed up once and for all mous criticism of Tolstoy, summed up in 4nd Shaw, in the presence of the Shake- from this sacred list for no other reason — without sOrubie oF peep Sine UN mind tenderly and reverently indulgent to It is not for nothing that certain writers
latin of all Latins, the in- the great Russian’s fantastic and ill bal- ‘Spearian attitude, To get at the true than that he alopted an omniscient, meta~ naturalness; his mile ae 7 Presse All human faults save perhaps malice and — and preachers have spoken of Shakespeare
comy Voltaire himself, whose strie- anced attack upon King Lear. Tolstoy's secret of ft we must remember that the physical tone in his eritical discourses; aay O “eee the ReLAre? oe to ingratitude-—the impreasion of a mind as a secular Bible as a vr s
Aiea the looseness and carelessness contention is that Shakespeare's work as a revolutionary element in) Shakespeare. - ( tone fatally indicative of the kind of ay a ‘ ae . ane Shenae 3 life, of wounded to the heart by the “whips and expression may no Foun saab Gees
f the espearian method, the astounds great artist suffers from a certain obvious ‘hat spirit of revolt in him, which we who mind debarred by a native inhibition fron Ee Ai ae * ' ; eee ; scorne’ of nature's cruelty to her children, — tainly it is the very opp of ours—but
net \ ofthe sublime and the ridieu- and flagrant insincerity, the result ef his !ove him best find so essentially one of ‘nis following the flow of the Shakespearian Nee eee ee Ne eee OOD Tani ling @ balm for its hart in the quaint the fact remains tha fe pertnatt
hbume ang vf thee ta ates A y p 108 ; deed be remarked that cdies is often overrhetorical and flamboy ut ’ y ectly
8 ragico and the comic, in the Jack of sympathy with the masses of the  “valities—is a totally different thing from aprices, Tt may indees y (ni : ol ‘ademicians — umors of “simple homespuns.” in the pas right. Shakespeare s tere © prose
S) Mis tyle. would very likely find people, and a sort of cringing flunkyism the limited optimistic protest of the re- the most suggestive and arresting of all ant. niy very Jd0iBLrous academe jians gioia of desperate lovers. in the Ja iahtor of Pandan aaraara at anaes
ng is ' ror ne j vg ‘ the things said about Shakespeare are would have the daring to deny this, In ; pears j ’ ; ;
- wy a modern virtucso of in the presence of royal and noble blood; forming type of mind, It is, as a matter of : Y , : ’ : the later pinyae=the pluie written aft voung gils and the fretful “philosophy of It is possible, for all ty, ¥ nz pease
Hele itidiousness, if the raucous jn other words, according to Tolstoy's view, fact, a much more drastic and dangerous coun ud fee ae Bul ee Spin ANS te ont ee caies : ee differant i timorous old age mism~ and indeed a! the more becuse of
, Tue mob and the throwing up Shakespeare is a social snob with an absurd — revolt; it is a revolt, disillusioned, ironical, half houiiatine hinte aad unpremeditated emerges, a certain crowded and condensed Can it be said dhat one is exaggerating a it--to derive from the xe iy and
of ne veaty nighteaps” did not and inartistic mania for indulging in tauda- antinomian, againat the whole fabric aftd flasles of insight as come jn their indirect. mannerism, us though the images and mere personal impression when one claims — temper of his work an attititd vard life
: protests in the atterance, This tions of the “upper classes” at the expense = StFUDELINe of the system of things, of the accidental suddenness just as the moment thoughts which filled his mind were so for the associations called ap in any nmat- whieh has just that sort of vali us as
irrol with Shakespeare, haaed of natural humanity and ( hriatian pity. evatem Gf things Ae manifoated nos 1p and the occasion dictate, with no solemnity many and so subtle that the rhythm of ural mind by the syllables “Shakespeare” a Individuals whieh the Bible f has, %t
ie de sine ak gty realy re mune 6 ee bia any when Ming ey ona = all of our human inatitutions upon them, or academe air of interpreting poetic speech had to be stretched to the sense of gentle and creme Tumanity, isan attitude at once scepticaland choare
treeks and Latin models of of all plays is yrought forward in evidence ane usages, - the message of the great poet breaking point to give them utterance touched te high and terrible poignance by fal, at once disillusioned and kind. It ds
P owever, by no means the of it, condemns Itself as ridiculous even in In “King Lear” itself, the very play One is led to make especial mention here But in spite of both these lapses from the — the shadow of universal futility and soft- an attitude singularly and espeetatiy
? Hiorhest appealing to English the utterance, selected by Polstoy for his special animad- of Lamb ¢ ate ghoye the reset he. simplicity of perfect style one is eantinn. ened at best and at worst by the nearness — tender to all tha queer dereliote of Ire we
enders 4 ertainly Shakespeare, like all great ar- version, Shakespeare permits himself with cause in the fragmentary and fleeting sur- ously conscious as one reads him of a cer- of the obliterating power of death? encounter on our way the whipperanape
, Ingel more comprehensible tists and noble, fastidious spirits, has adeep savage and unrestrained bitterness to turn gestions of these two, nearer in their dif tain magical closeness to the actual moods Much discussion has been lavished upon pers, the swindling » snl ‘tities he ales 4
' sjorits among us would be the rooted loathing for the meanness and vul- his very king into an abandoned mouth- ferent ways, perhaps, than any others to and feelings of men and women such as the Yuestion of Shakespeare's religion, but simons, the ramshackle Atttara. cha evan
nhy vought forward recently by Hers gar fokleness of the mob, In “Corlolanus piece of anti-social revolt, of anarchical in- the Shakespearian temperament, we get one finds in no other writer who has ever that matter seems when one look# 1 do wells and the downright fools.
Yo and dnpiiett in the Puritan and “Jullus Caesar,” as well as in many — vective, Some of the most furious indict- an emphasis upon the more purely poetic fived, and this vivid, palpable touch of straight in the face of much less impor- It {8 an attitude tha: exacts nothing off
th M3 very first appearance of other instances, he permits himself to utter ments of the essential injustice and in- aspect of the plays? that aspect which ix reality is always borne in upon us with tance than the question of his prevailing RAN IRATURA ATED Eta ih Aida a ane
j (refer to the contention -xo weary, bitter, ironical protests against the equality of this world’s customs which — yo often lost, by reason of @ lack of imagi- the indescribable thrill of imaginative poetic mood, It so easily, this problem of the best of it ina kind of quizzie 1 eee
ih Witlily stated by Mr. Shaw stupidity and brutality of the “common have ever been uttered are to be found nation in the ordinary commentator, un beauty, Shakespeare's religion, resolves itself into iii pity es ; pris rl TAR Aee
tae ‘ pene ne ho definite phiioe herd,” Bub 50 regard sare indignant out. acattered at large through this great play, der a weller of unimportant and tedious There, perhaps, after all, is where the a futile controversy over the meaning of ae re Ss - aeuGh Seaich has a
syrie unda, We owe @ great debt cries outer ea Ww h which every man of and of these the most poignant of all are discussion. secret lies, Other writers now and then words, Let it be admitted that there ig oan. ene sort of courage which (a not the
sth ' ~ Mr. Shaw for bringing this sense, however revolutionary his feelings, put into the mouth of the king. Teke Shakespeare from whatever angle approach the fleeting truth of human feel- much jin his habitual attitude toward life vaychological obtuse: aie f sp ginal : ?
rei curly into the di ; light, for. it RAMA SURO sympathize--as a solemn ex- To turn from Shakespeare ‘5 accusers one will one cannot escape from the faet ings, Other writers now and again attain which must be called pagan, which at least fi flerce, clear burn s ae ate ous
aA ve le issue very materially, pression of contempt for the people, as op- to his apprectators, it is interesting to note underlying all the affectations of cultured by a magical use of image and metaphor s identical with what we associate with the ra ‘ 5 54 the spirtt
ehormous assistance to those — posed to the people's rulers, is to press the — that those who have thrown most genuine admiration and vulgar praise —affectation the supreme thrill of imaginative beauty. tone of the great heathen writers. There is
hoe are anXious to save Shake- natural reaction of a sensitive artist's light upon him—those whose appreciation that makes one sometimes give way to a Shakespeare alone, one feels, weds the two much aiso- to deny this would make a Continued om Second Page
v ‘ 4 '