6 THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 16

 

 

WAS SHAKESPEARE A LAWYER?

Controversy Over This One Point in His Life Has Raged More
_ Fiercely Than Over the Baconian Theory of Authorship of
the Plays---Noted American Authorities in the Fray

By FREDERICK C. HICKS,
Lew Librarian of Columbia University.
NTEDATING the Raconian contro-
versy by fifty-eight years and 80
intimately connected with it that
each in turn has kept the other
alive is the question whether Shakespeare
was a lawyer. Like the dispute over the
authorship of the plays, it has been stig-
matized as the most useless and unwar-
ranted of inental exercises and heralded as
the most pregnant subject for literary
eidy and criticism. But while the star of
the Baconians seems definitely to be on the
wane the legalists still give out ight, and
+ can safely be said of the advocates of
theories that they have added to our
wwicdge of that group of plays the pre-
ninenece of which in English literature te

evyond question,

The tercentenary of Shakespeare's death
« ;herefore an appropriate time to review
the literature dealing with the legal acquire-
ments of Shakespeare, tracing it from ite

ee.nning in 1790 to the present day. To
weigh all of the arguments and evidence of
the various writers pro and con, attempting
to reach a conclusion and thus inviting an

nswer, is not the purpose of this article.

The hope is rather, standing on neutral
ground, to map out the controversy as
shown in a selection of books and magazine
articles, leaving the contestants to pursue
thelr own particular kind of warfare.

Tt will be seen that here we find lawyer
against litterateur, as well as revolutton
within each camp. It fs a battle of know!l-
edge in which the lawyer renders a judg-
ment on legal grounds only to be contro-
verted by the literary man, who says that
the lawyer speaks ‘with no authority be-
catse he knows no literature. But the
iiterary man will not let the law alone, and
attempting to answer the arguments based
on St is met by the assertion, You know no
law, While this is going on the historian
saye of one or both, You epeak as a child,
because you do not know life as it was in
the days of Elizabeth, Bacon and Ghake-
speare,

The suggestion that Shakespeare had
been trained in the law was first made by
Hémond Malone, himself a barrister, in his
fret edition of Shakespeare's works pub-
Ywhed tn 1790, tn the following words:

“The comprehensive mind of our poet
embraced almost every object of nature,
every trade, every art, the manners of
every description of men and the general
language of almost every profession; but
his knowledge of legal terms {s not such as
might be acquired by the casual observa-
tton of even his all comprehending mind; !t
has the appearance of technical skill, and
he fs so fund of displaying it on all occa-
sions that I suspect he was early initlated
‘nat least the forms of law and was em-
ployed while he remained at Stratford in
the office of seme country attorney who
was at the same time a petty conveyancer
and perhaps alsuv the seneschal of some

rr court.”
Hbocent conjecture was used as a
veel dsainst its author following his
pu tien in 1796 of an “Exposure of

Iroc Porgeries,” an inquiry into the
of certain papers attributed to
s venir George Chalmers took the
these papers, now known

 

 

 

 

ive heen Torgeries, and in 1797 wrote
\ielosy for the Believers in the
thespedce Papers.” in whieh he thus

rrelevant!

expresses disapproval of Ma-
on:

 

nes sugeest
“Mr. Malone places the aspiring poet ‘in
eooffige cf some country attorney, or the
vsehal oof some manor court,” and for
Mis Vielation of probability he produces
Many passages from his dramas to evince
sespeare’s technical skill in the forms

w. * * * But was it not the practice
times for other makers, like the

ne from every flower the virtuous

yeets, to gather from the thistles of the

v the sweetest honey? © © ©

No; su an intellect, when employed
ont drudgery of a wool stapler, who had
heer ,

veh bailiff of Stratford-upon-Avon,
have derived all that was necessary
from a very few books: from. Totell's
Presidents, 1572; from Pulton's Statutes,
‘, and from the Lawier’s Logike, 1588,
Tt fs one of the axioms of the Flores
Regi thet, To answer an improbable
imaginal on (s to fight against a vanishing
shadow.”

Chalmers returned to the charge in his
“Supplemental Apology,” published in 1799,

  

 

and t started the controversy well on
its way The subject did not, however,
attract inuch attention until the middle
of the last century, when two English
lawyers almost simultaneously employed
‘ter legal acumen in support of Malone's
In the first week of August, 1858, Will-
am ol. Rushton, a Liverpool attorney,
published a little book of fifty pages en-
tihd “Shakespeare a Lawyer” (Liverpool,
We &H It was au attempt to ex-
vertain obseure legal passages of
~halhespecre and to show that he had aec-
red a gen knowledge of the prin-

‘ and practices of the law of real

pr ty, of toe common law and the crimi-
nal law, that he was famillar with the
lier of the statute law, and that

fused law terms correctly, He concluded
isespeare’s great knowledge of the
W could be explained on no other theory
an that he had practical training and
ice 48 a lawyer,

ionth and a half after Rushton’'s nook
fame trom the press, and while it was be-
ne reviewed in the English magazines,
‘ohn, Lord Campbell, Chief Justice of the

Hench, @nd author of “Lives of
sncellors” and “Lives of the Chief,
set pen to paper to answer the
‘tion Whether Shakespeare was
torney’s clerk, The result of his

published on January 1, 1859,
title “Shakespeare's (egal Ac-

considered in a letter to J.

he Collier’ (London, J. Murray; New
) Appleton & Cu).

rles f the above two books are
! Gord Campbell either
int of Rushton'’s work, or chose
ord it. It was broadly hinted,
that Campbell had “robbed @
shielding himself from the
+ of this exploit under the

f his great office.

‘| “a little leisure during this long
\ writes the Lord Chief Justice
ollier, “I cannot refuse to commu-

"elo you my sentiments upon the sub-
el and [ shall be happy if, from my
j “sonal knowledge and experience, I
‘ate afford you any information or throw
: lt ttiy hints which may be useful to you
vercafter,?

He js all the more willing to accept the
task, he says, as it will for a while drive
from his mind the recollection of the
wranglings of Westminster Hall. Since
Campbell's work fg the first to contain an
flaborate discussion of the claims of
Shakespeare to be ranked as a lawyer end
Bince his work fs most often quoted it will

Necessary to outline his argument,

He seta about discovering how Shake-

care was employed between 1579, “when

be most likely 1 * until 1686,
when ly left achool,” un

experier

Arn

fame «que

  

ever @n at
Wis

toMr, «

rof

comes to a consideration of the probability
of his having been employed as an attor-
ney's clerk. He finds “no established fact
with which this supposition is inconsistent”
and he produces in support of this theory
one bit of evidence drawn from a later pe-
riod. He quotes from “An Epistle to the
Gentlemen Students of the Two Universi-
ties” by Thomas Nashe, 1589, in which the
latter inveighs against “shifting compan-
fons” who “leave the trade of Noverint,”
that is lawyer, and construct “whole Ham-
lets” from English translations of Seneca.

This attack he conceived to have been
directed against Shakespeare, who had
displaced Nashe in popular favor, Camp-
bell sees a return to the attack in Robert
Greene's “Groatsworth of Wit,” 1592, in
which @ rival actor is referred to as a
“Shake-scene,” and described as “an up-
start Crow, beautified with our feathers.”

“Therefore, my dear Mr. Payne Collier,”
gays Lord Campbell, “in support of your
opinion that Shakespeare had been bred
to the profession of the law In an attor-
ney’s office, I think you will be justified
in saying that the fact was asserted pub-
licly in Shakespeare's lifetime by two con-
temporaries of Shakespeare, who wero en-
gaged in the same pursuits with himself,
who must have known him well and who
were probably acquainted with the whole
of his career.”

The bulk of Campbell's book consists of
evidence drawn from the plays to corrobo-
rate this statement, and the result of this
study is put into the following words:
“Were an issue tried before me as Chief
Justice at the Warwick assizes ‘whether
Willlam Shakespeare, late of Stratford-
upon-Avon, gentleman, ever was clerk in
an attorney's office in Stratford-upon-Avon
aforesaid,’ I should hold that there is evi-
dence to go to the jury in support of the
affirmative, but I should add that the ev!-
dence is very far from being conclusive.”

The mere fact that a Lord Chief Justice
felt the subject to be of sufficient impor-
tance to justify examining the evidence
made it gospel truth for most people; but
it merely roused the ire of one student of
Shakespeare, Writing anonymously in the
Atlantic Monthly (July, 1589), Richard
Grant White is tolerant of Mr. Rushton
but scornfully satirical with the Lord Chief
Justice.

His lordship tn his introduction had ex-
pressed a desire to bring about a “fusion
of law and literature.” thus «iving his
reviewer excuse for raillery on a few er
rors of grammar and diction. White cor-
rects certain misstatements of fact,
examines the evidence which first to Ma-

and

raised in 1848, when Joseph C. Hart in
an account of a voyage to Spain entitled
“The Romance of Yachting” (New York,
Harpers), wandering far from his sybject,
discussed Shakespeare's plays in an {cono-
clastic spirit and concluded with the query
and assertion “Who were the able literary
men who wrote the dramas imputed to
him? © © © They should not be assigned to
Shakespeare alone, if at all.” But on
March 10, 1916, there was sold at the Wa}-
pole Galleries, New York, a hitherto un-
known book entitled “The “Life and Ad-
ventures of Common Sense: an Historical
Allegory” (London, Printed for Montagu
Lawrence, 1769), which apparently places
the origin of this historic doubt eighty
years earlier than Hart's book, and which
on this account sold for $1,825, It re-

       
 
   

neither of them, and Miss Bacon took no
notice of Malone's suggestion, It fs evi-
dent, however, that her followers had been
providentialy supplied with new ammuni-
tion. If it could not be proved on Miss
Bacon's theory that Shakespeare did not
write the plays and that Bacon et al. did,
the same conclusion could be reached on
the authority of no less a person than a
Lord Chief Justice.

There was no doubt that the writer of
the plays was unusually well versed in
legal lore, and Campbell had strained many
points to account for this, What more
simple therefore than the following: ql)

Shakespeare’s idea of what a justice should be as shown in “As You Like It.”

Jaques:
And then the Justice

In fair round belly, with good capon lined,

lone, then to Rushton a
bell had become progr
vincing.

All had based their contentions on pas-
sages showing acquaintance with things
legal, Malone citing 24, Rushton 95 and
Campbell 160, White's method was to
show that the use of legal terms in poetry
and the drama was not pecullar to Shake-
speare, although he admits that upon
Shakespeare's works there is “a stronger,
clearer, sharper legal stamp than we can
detect upon those of any other.” The ar-
ticle, which began with much spirit, ends
rather tamely, having proved merely that
Lord Campbell's argument was far from
conclusive, and pointing out the folly of
discussing a subject to which he had just
devoted twenty pages.

The discussion might here have died a
natural death, leaving everybody free with-
out further argument to believe Shake-
speare a lawyer or a butcher, all agreeing,
however, that he was a poet, Up to this
point the argument had been something like
this: (1) G@hakespeare wrote the plays;
(2) the plays show such a knowledge of
law as can only be possessed by a lawyer;
therefore (3) Shakespeare was a lawyer.
But now a new element entered into the
argument.

The major premise in the syllogism was
attacked, and it was eerlously doubted
whether @hakespeare was the author of
the plays, Until a month ago, it was sup-
posed that the question had been fret

‘ 4

finally to Camp-
vely more con-

4
v

With eyes severe, and beard of formal cut,
Full of wise saws and modern instances,

counts that “Wisdom,” supposed to repre-
sent Bacon, whose name, however, is not
used, came to London, where he met a
“Deer-stealer,’ who by a trick obtained
possession of Wisdom's commonplace book
“in which was contained an infinite va-
riety of modes and forms, to express all
the different sentiments of the human
mind, together with rules for their com-
binations and connections upon every sub-
Ject or oceasion that might occur in dra-
matic writing * ® ® With these ma-
terials and with good parts of his own, he
commences play-writer, how he succeeded
is needless to say, when I tell the reader
that his name was Shakespeare.”

The true Bacon-Shakespeare contro-
versy did not, however, begin until 1852,
when Miss Delia Bacon reached an tnde-
pendent conclusion, and was at work on a
book to prove her theory, The first chap-
ter appeared in Putnam's Monthly, Jan-
uary, 1856, with the title “William Shake-
speare and His Plays; an Inquiry Concern-
ing Them,” but publication went no further.
She did, however, in 1867 bring out “The
Philosophy of the Plays of Shakespeare
Unfolded" (Boston, Ticknor & Fields), in
which, to justify the system of philosophy
which she found concealed in the plays, she
gave to them a plural authorship, exclud-
ing Shakespeare and emphasizing the part
contributed by Sir Francis Bacon,

It will be noticed that this book appeared

just prior to the works of Rushton ana '

Campbell, although it is mentioned by
}
,

And so he plays his part.

The author of the

legal
knowledge as can be possessed only by a

Plays had such
lawyer; ¢€2) Shakespeare did not have
this hnowledge, whe Sir Francis Bacon
was one of the legal lights of his time, a
Lord Chancellor in fact, and he had, more-
over, all the other attributes of seholar-
ship which ean only with the greatest diffl-
eulty be aser‘bed to Shakespeare; there-
fore (3) Lord Bacon was the author of
“Shakespeare's” works,

Not quite as baldly as this, but with fun-
damentally this reasoning, the new logical
chain, as will later appear, has been made
to serve many masters, Henceforth the
literature of Shakespeare's legalism might
be divided into two distinct classes, one
emanating from the “simple legalists” and
the other from professed Baconians and
their opponents, ‘To follow the collateral
line in detail] would, however, lead us away
from the present purpose, which is to give
the bibliographic history of Shakespeare
the lawyer, not Bacon the dramatist.

Undaunted by the friendly but severe
criticism of his first attempt, Rushton con-
tinued his search for evidence, In 1860 he

published “Shakespeare's Legal Maxims”
(Londen, Tongnmans); in 1869 “Shake-
speare’s Testamentary Language’ (Lon-

don, Longmans), containing a Comparison
of the language of Shakespeare with the
definitions contained in Henrie Swinburn's
“Brief Treatise of ‘Testaments and Last
Willes,” published in 1590, and therefore
accessible to Shakespeare; and in 1870

.

 

ee eee nasa

His stricture on Constables in
“Much Ado About Nothing.”

Dogberry:
You are thought here to be the
most senseless and fit man for the

constable of the watch; therefore
bear you this lantern.
“Shakespeare Illustrated by the Lex

Scripta.” an attempt to explain) obseure
n the works of Shake-
speare by extracts from the ancient Eng-
lish statutes. Most of the material in the
two latter works had been previously pre-
sented by Rushton to the I Society for
the Study of Modern Languages.

Thus far no prominent Amer
White had entered the
over Shakespeare's professional
dents. It is inevitable that this restr
could not last. And so we find G
Wilkes in 1877 devoting a chapter of his
“Shakespeare From an American Point of
View” oNew York, D. Appleton & Co. toa
consideration of the “Legal Acquirements
of Shakespeare.” In it he squarely takes
issue with Lord Campbell, contending that
the plays do not in fact show evidence of
unusual learning, certainly note
enough to justify making Shakespeare over
into a lawyer or Bacon into a playwright,

Wilkes was followed in 1883 by Franklin
Fiske Heard, a Boston lawyer, whose con-
tribution is entitled “Shakespeare as a
Lawyer’ (Boston, Little, Brown & Co.), Tt
adds no new theory and no new evidence,
but presents the old evidence in attractive
form

The next American to take up the study
of Shakespeare's legal acquirements was
ex-Governor Cushman kK. Davis of Min-
His book

passages and Words

 

 

an except
controversy
antece-
int

  

  

into

 

  

legal

nesota, a liweer of prominence
entitled “The Law in Shakespeare” (St.
Paul, West) Publishing Company), was

published in S84. In it he cited 812 in-
stances of the correct use of legal terms.
While asserting concerning the conjecture
that Shakespeare studied in an attorney's

office, that “the truth in this respect will
probably never be certainly known,” he
leans perceptibly ino the direction of an

affirmative answer,

lis inferences are mainly these: Since
an nuthor's work can never entirely hide
his former pursuits, it is signifleant that
Shakespeare “was more addicted to the
employment of legal nomenclature than
any English writer’; the legal learning in
the plays “is accurately sustained in many
passages with cumulative and progressive
application"; the author “had a lawyer's
conservatism—he respected the established
order of things’; in the “Hamlet” of the
folio edition of 1628, the use of legal terms
is much fuller than in the quarto edition of
1603. “From the one to the other we see
Shakespeare's mind in operation, © © © If
Shakespeare's use of legal learning were
not that of a full man, with pride in his
skill, we should not expect to see, in the,
changes by which he brought the play to®
perfection, any additions or elaborations
in that respect.”

In the very next year this last point was
amplified by Rocellus 8. Guernsey, author
of the “History of Penal Laws agninst Sui-
cides.” whose contribution is entitled “Ie.
clesiastical Law in ‘Hamlet’: The Burial
of Ophelia,” a paper read before the New
York Shakespeare Society. He points out
im detail the differences between the law
found in the 1608 and the 1604 editions,
and on the basis of an examination of the
latter says, “I now claim the honor of being
the first discoverer and announcer of the
fact that in ‘Hamlet’ can be found allu-
sions and statements showing the most
thorough and complete knowledge of the
canon and statute law of England relating
to the burial of suicides that has ever been
written.”

The United States was now well repre-
sented in the study of the law in Shake-
speare, Besides the works already men-
tioned Dr, Appleton Morgan, president of
the New York Shakespeare Society anda
well known legal writer, had issued in
1881 “The Shakespearean Myth, William
Shakespeare and Circumstantial Evidence”
(Cincinnati, Robert Clark & Co,), of which
three American editions rapidly succeeded
gach other, as well as a German transla-

 

 

   
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
    
 

The trial acene in “The Merchart af Venice,” which has been the battle
groumd of mmch of the discussion ewer the port's legal knowledge.

tion by Dr. Karl Muller, published by
Brockhaus of Leipsic. Tn this work all the
theories of authorship were discussed, and
incidentally the following dictum was given;
‘We cannot close our eyes to the fact that
history very decidedly negatives the idea
that William Shakespeare of Stratford was
either a lawyer, a physician, a courtier, @
philosupher, an aristocrat or a soldier.”

In 1888 Dr. Morgan devoted a chapter of
his “Shakespeare in Fact and in Criticism”
«New York, William Evarts Benjamin) to
“a study of the “Law and Medicine In the
Plays.” The book itself is dedicated to
Cushman K. Davis, who “has touched, to
adorn, the study of Shakespeare,” never-
theless we find Dr. Morgan reviewing with
critical eye the conclusions of Rushton,
Campbell and Davis and showing that by
purely legal tests the law of the “Merchant
of Venice” ts bad law.

This he does by imagining that the case
of Shylock against Antonio had been once
appealed with success, and that on a sec-
ond appeal by Antonio the court affirmed
the decision of the lower court, completely
overruling Portia. This final opinion Dr.
Morgan produces in the form of a modern
decision as it would appear in a law report.

Passing then to the inferences to do
drawn from the legal phenomena in Shake-
speare he says, “William Shakespeare was
certainly not a lawyer, either hy profession
or practice.’ How then shall we account
for all the ‘evidence in the plays? “Ts not
the solution of the mystery after all,” says
Pr. Morgan, “to be found in dramatic
necessity? Portia's law 1s bad, because
bad law is more dramatic than good law.”

This might have been a good place for
the whole question to rest, but such was
not ita destiny. It was time for England
to reenter the fray, and so there appeared
in 1897 a book by Edward James Castle,
kk. (., late Lieutenant Royal Engineers,
entitled “Shakespeare, Bacon, Jonson and
Greene. A Study" (London, Low, Marston
& Co.), tn which a brand new theory is
set forth.

Ye divided the plays Into two distinct
classes, legal and non-legal, explaining the
presence of law in one group and the ab-
sence/‘of it in the other by the assumption
that Shakespeare in writing the former had
the assistance of a lawyer, probably Bacon,
and wrote the second group unaided, This
new pronouncement gave occasion for an-
other American summary of the whole
matter, an opportunity accepted in 1899 by
William C. Devecmon of the Maryland bar,
whose book “In Re Shakespeare's ‘Legal
Acquirements'; Notes by an Unbellever
Therein” was issued by the Shakespeare
Society of New York.

The text of his first chapter 1s that
Shakespeare was not necessarily a lawyer
because he used legal terminology, ‘tet
since this deduction had so often been male
he devotes three chapters to showing “how
Shakespeare has been made a lawyer,” run-
ning over the list from Campbell to Castle,
whose effort he considers the most wonder-
ful of all. He declares not only that Castle
has failed to produce evidence that there
are two groups of the plays but that the
conelusion ‘would be a non sequitur even
if the facta were admitted,

In his Jast chapter Mr. Devecmon at-
tempts to show that such legal knowledge
as Shakespeare possessed can be explained
by the fact that at Stratford, where his
father ‘was High Bailiff, Shakespeare had
“been brought up as it were within the
four walls of a court house, with the liti-
gants, jurors and lawyers his daily com-
panions.” “Thus I believe I have shown,”
he concludes, “though in a very brief and
imperfect way, that Shakespeare had no
knowledge of the technic of law and no
just appreciation of those fundamental
principles of justice which are the basis of
all law.”

At this period a grateful relief from con-
troversial writing was provided by Judge
Charles H, Phelps of Baltimore, whose
“Falstaff and Equity” (Boston, Houghton
Mifflin, 1901) is one of the most readable
and informing in the whole series, The
whole book of 201 pages is devoted to the
illumination of one passage from the first
part of “Henry IV.." where l'alstaff says:
“An @he Prince and Poins be not two arrant
cowards, there's no equity stirring.” He
shows that in all of the plays the word
“equity” is used only four times, and his
researches drive him to the conclusion that

_ the point in Faletaff's use of the term has

uniformly been missed,

— a. ee

"hit by referring to the creat War then

With the learning and enthusiasm of
one already the author of a treatise on
“Juridical Mgnity,” he proves that, far from
being a pointless Joke, in which the lan-
suage is forced, Falstaff here made a loon
at

its height between the courts of liw and of

ehancery, The conclusion is Supported by
a review of this war, as shown in fam.

cases, and the special occasion for sh
speare's knowledge of the subject is
out by reference to the ceuse in eouity th
in the courts entitled Shake Spoare vs Tan
bert. Judge Phelps’s book was not w rhite
to make Shikespeare

   

te

browse

Into an lawyer hb

it shows him referring with aco:
@ technical subject then common rews
using it With telling effert

tu t
audiences of the time
Mr. Deveemon’'s conclusion

Wy Wats

tM}op
to attack, and ft did not long

TeMain Upiar

swered, The Yale Lait Beview of Ayn
1902, contains un analysis of “Shak
speare’s Alleged Blunders in) Leanal Ter

minology,” by Homer B Sprague, wit!
especial reference to Deveemon’s last chap
ter, His conclusions are Worthless, it was
now asserted, hecause the alleged blun-
ders do not exist.

And So the matter rested for nine years
when a book, modelled after Rushton and
Campbell and filling 624 pues, attempted
to group under 511 legal headings ab-
stracts and briefs on “every proposition
of law discussed or presented by the poet
in his plays and sonnets.” tdward J.
White, also a writer of legal treatises, en-
titles his book “Commentaries on the Law
in Shakespeare, With Explanations of the
Legal Terms Used in the Play#? Poems and
Sonnets, and Discussions of the Criminal
Types Presented” (St, Louis, Il, H. Thomas
Law Book Company).

It 1s a reference book not Gesignel .
Prove any theory, but showing the author
convinced that the plays contain #004 law,
whoever thelr author may have been. In
his introductory material he discusses with
judicial mind the arguments based on the
legal contents of the plays, but lays him-
self open to the suspicion of inaccuracy
when, forgetting that Samuel Warren was
in fact a lawyer as well as a physician, he
says: “A London physician in the novel
‘Ten Thousand a Year presents the details
of the common law action of ejectment in
such a manner as to make lawyers ques-
tion that other than a lawyer could go ac-
curately describe this technical action.”

Tt has already been remarked that the
discussion of the law in Shakespeare las
been long lived not only on account of its
own vitality but because of transfusion
from the Baconian cult. The observation
{s as true to-day as it was in 1860. Of
this there 19 good evidence in “The Baco-
nian Heresy. A Confutation’ (London
Herbert Jenkins), by J. M. Robertson M.
P., who is 1913 devotes 147 pages of his
book to @ review of the whole matter.

Examining the arguments based on legal
allusions and legal phraseology he seeks to
demolish the structures raised by Rush-
ton, Campbell, White, Davis and Castle
and to show that thelr conclusions am
worthless because they exhilted an in
excusable ignorance of the literature
life of Shakespeare's era, He 4}
ceeds to supply

ane
ren pro-
this information in a
chapter on “Litigation and Lecalism in
Elizabethan England.” IES position
Stated in two sentences, which he the:
supports by thirty-eight paces

“Any alert student of Mlizabechan
ture might be expected to reject ao thesis
which proceeds upon lach of familiarity
with the life whieh that literature more or

ters
erae-

less clearly mirrors, Most of the eham-
pions of the ‘legal’ theory —orthodox
Bacohian and uantieStrattordian  ahke

simply ignore the evidence for the general
currency of legal phrases in the
bethan and Jacobean pertod.”
There can be no conclusion to a review
of a dispute which has not ended, As long
as the “myriad mind” of Shakespeare is
discussed inferences will be drawn from
his use of legal terms, allusions and char-
acters, By a selection from books and
articles in the English language whieh
carry forward tho lterary story of Shake-
speare's legalism we have come down to
the year 1918, The periodicals of later
years carry the story to the present hour.
And those who wish may trace a similar
bibliographical narrative in the critical
writings of the lawyers and Mterury meu

Iliza-