cai eeieseeeninntatnesapepstemees Suous-desesmemsamiennees -. sheunenpowe-o_200sseiealetS RSS aeae

Siinaee aes neta

OR ae RT i scat areas

—.

  

   
 

THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1916.

 ——

SHAKESPEARE'S PLACE IN THE WORLD'S LITERATURE

 

The All Embracing Shake-

      

speare

 

By WILLIAM HAZLITT.

striking peculiarity of Shake-
Bpeare's mind was its generic quai-
ity, its power of communication with

all other minds-—-so that it contained
a@ universe of thought and feeling within
itself, and had no one peculiar bias, or ex-
clusive excellence more than another. He
Was just like any other man, but that he
was like all other men.

He was the least of an egotist that it was
Possible to be. He was nothing in himself:
but he was all that others were. or thai
they could become. He not omly had in
himself the germs of every faculty and
feeling, but he could follow them by an-
ticipation, intuitively, into a! their con-
Ceivable = ramifications, th cough every
change of fortune or conflict of passion, or
turn of thought. He “had a mind reflect-
ing ages past.” and present—all the people

that ever lived are there,

There was no respect of persons with
him. His genius shone equally on the eyil
and on the good. on the wise and on the
foolish, the monarch and the beggar: “All
corners he earth, kings queens wad
Btates. ¢ S alr ns, nay, the secrets «f

the grave.” ar hardly hid from his search-
Ing glance. Ile was like the genius of
humanity, changing places’ with all of ug
at pleasure and pla ying with our purposes
as with his own He turned the globe round
for his amusement, and s urveyed the gen-
erations «of and the individuals as

  

hen

they pissed, with their different concerns
passions, follies, vices, virtues, actions and
motives— as well those that they knew, as

those which they did not know or acknowl-
edge to themselves

The dreams of childhood, the mvings of
despair were the toys of his fancy. Airy
beings waited at his call and came at his
bidding. Harmless fairies “nodded to hor
and did him courtesies,” and the night nag
bestrode the blast at the command of “his
@o potent art.” The world of spirits ley
open to him, like the world of real mew
and women; and there is the same truth
fn his delineations of the one as of te
ether; for if the preternatural characte’s
he describes could be supposed to exist
they would speak and feel and act as he
makeg them.

He had only to think of anything in
erder to become that thing, with all the
circumstances belonging to it. When he
conceived of a character, whether real or
fmaginary, he not only eatered into all its
thoughts and feelings but seemed instantly,
and as if by touching a secret spring, to
be surrounded with all the same objects,
“subject to the same skyey influences.” the
@ame local, outward, and unforeseen acci-
dents which would occur in reatity. Thus
the character of Caliban not only stands
before us with a language and manners of
its own, but the scenery and situation of
the enchanted island he inhabits, the tradi-
Gioms of the place, its strange noises, its
hidden recesses, “his frequent haunts and
encient neighborhood,” are given with a
miraculous truth of nature, and with all
the familiarity of an old recollection. The
whole “coheres semblably together” in
time, place, and circumstances,

* In reading this author you do not merely
fearn what his characters say—you see
thelr persoms. By something expressed or
understood, you are at no loss to decipher
their peculiar physiognomy, the meaning of
@ look, the grouping, the by-play, as we
might see it on the stage. A word, an epi-
thet paints a whole scene, or throws us
back whole years in the history of the per-

gon represented, So (as it has been in-
@eniously remarked) when Prospero de-
scribes himself as left alone in the boat

with his daughter, the epithet which he
applies to her, “Me aed thy crying self,”
flings the imagination instantly back from
the grown wornan to the helpless condition
of infancy, and places the first and most
trying scene of his misfortunes before us,
with all that he must have suffered in
the interval,

How well the silent amguish of Macduff
js conveyed to the reader, by the friendly

expostulation of Maleolm—-"What! man,
ne‘er pull your hat upon your brows!”
Again, Hamlet, in the seene with Rosen-

erantz and Guildenstern, somewhat abrupt-
ly concludes his fine soliloquy on life by
saying, "Mam delights not me, nor woman

 

 

neither though by y & You seem
to say 80." W hich is explained by their
answer "My lord, we had no such stuff

in our thoughts, But we smiled to think,
if you delight not in man, what lenten en-
tertainment the player shall receive from
you whom we met on the way”-—as if while
Hamlet was making this speech, his two
old achoolfellows from Wittenberg had been
really stamding by, and he had seen them
emiling by etealth, at the tdea of the
players crossing their minds,

It is not “a combination and a form" of
words, & set Bpeech or two, a preconcerted
theory of a character, that will do this:
but ell the persons concerned must have
peen Present in the poet's imagination, as
et @ kind of rehearsal; and whatever would

sd

a:

Cs. Mehl

 
 

Witliar

Jasestt

   
 

 

 

have passed through their minds om the
occasion, and have been observed by oth-
ers, passed through his, and is made known
to the reader. I may add in passing, that
Shakespeare always gives the best direc-
tions for the costume and carriage of his
heroes. Thus, to take one example, Ophelia
gives the account of Hamlet; and as Ophe-
lia had seen Hamlet, I should think her
word ought to be taken against that of any
modem authority.

How, after this airy, fantastic idea of ir-
regular grace and bewildered melancholy,
any one can play Hamlet, as we have seen
it played, with strut, and stare and antic
right angied sharp pointed gestures, it is
difficult to say, unless it be that Hamlet
is not bound, by the prompter’s cue, to
study the part of Ophelia,

      

By THOMAS CARLYLE.

this Shakespeare of ours, perhaps
the opinion one sometimes hears a

Shakespeare the Supreme
little idolatrously expressed is, in

Poet
OQ
fact, the right one; I think the

best judgment mot of this country only, but

of Europe at large, is slewly pointing to
the conelusion, that Shokspeare is the
ehief? of all Poets hitherto: the greatest
inteNect whe, in our recorded world, has
left record of himself in the way of
Literature,

On the whole, IT know not such a power
of vision, faculty of thought, if we take all
the characters of it, in any other man
Such a calmness of depth, placid joyous
strength; all things imaged im that great
soul of true and clear, as in a
tranquil unfathomable sea! It has been
said, that in the constructing of Shake-
speare’s Dramas there is, apart from all
other “faculties” as they are ealled, an
understanding manifested, equal tu that in

his so

Bacon's Novum Organum, That is true,
and it is not a truth that strikes every one,
It would become .nore apparent if we tried,
any of us for himself, how out of Shake-

speare’s dramatic materials we could
fashion such a result!
The built house seems all so fit, every

way as it should be, as if it came there
by its own law and the nature of things:
we forget the rude disorderly quarry it was
shaped from, The very perfection of the
house, as if Nature herself had made it,
hidca the builder's merit. Perfect, more

 

    
 
 
  
     
  

perfect than any other man,
Shakesjeure in this: he
by instinet,
what his materials are, what his own force
and its relation to them is,

It is not a transitory glance of insight
that will sufflee; it is deliberate illumina-
tion of the whole matter; it is a calmly
seeing eye; a great intellect, in short.

It is truly a lordly spectacle how this
great soul takes in all kinds of men and
objects, @ Falstaff, an Othello, a Jullet, @
Coriolanus; eeta them all forth to us ip

we may call
discerns, knows as
what condition he works under,

“There Sleeps

TJttania”
Midsummer
Ais

their round completeness; loving, just, the
equal brother of all. Novum Oganum, and
all the intellect you will find in Bacon, is
of a quite secondary order; earthy, ma-
terial, poor in comparison with this,

Among modern men, one finds, in etrict-
ness, almost nothing of the same rank.
Goethe alone, since the days of Shake-
@peare, reminds me of it, Of him too you
say that he saw the object; you may say
what he himself says of Shakespeare: “His
characters are like watches with dial-plates
of transparent crystal; they shew you the
hour like others, and the mere mech-
anism also is all visible.”

For, in fact, I say the degree of vision
that dwells in a man is a correct measure
of the man. If called to define Shake-
apeare's faculty I should say superiority of
Intellect, and think I had included all under
that.

If I say, therefore, that Shakespeare is
the greatest of Intellects I have sald all
about him,

The Supreme Delineator
of Character

      

By THOMAS DE QUINCEY,
England's Greatest Essayist.

N the gravest sense it may be af-
firmed of Shakespeare that he is
among the modern luxuries of life;
that life, in fact, is a new thing,

and one more to be coveted, since Shake-
epeare has extended the domains of human
consciousness, and pushed its dark fron-
tiers into regions not so much as dimly
descried or even suspected before his
time, far less illuminated (as now they
are) by beauty and tropical luxuriance
of life. For imstance, a single instance,

) Javlor
; Se teriage f

indeed one which in
new revelation, the possible beauty of
the female character had not been seen
as in w dream before Shakespeare called
into perfect life the radiant shapes of
Desdemona, of Imogen, of Hermoine, of
Perdita, of Ophelia, of Miranda and many
others, The Una of Spenser, earlier by
ten or fifteen years than most of these,
was an idealized portrait of female inno-
cence and virgin purity, but too shadowy
and unreal for a dramatic reality, And,
as to the Grecian classica, let mot the

itself is a world of

reader imagine for an instant that any
prototype in this field of Shakespearian
power can be looked for there. The
Antigone and the Biectra of the tragio
poets are the two leading female char-
acters that classical antiquity offers to
our respect, but assuredly not to our im-
passioned love, as disciplined and exalted
in the achool of Shakespeare. They chal-
lenge our admiration, severe, and even
stern, as impersonations of filial duty,
cleaving to the steps of a desolate and
afflicted old man, or of sisterly affection,
maintaining the rights of a brother under
circumstances of peril, of desertion, and
consequently of perfect self-reliance.
Iphigenia, again, though not dramatically
coming before us in her own person, but
according to the beautiful report of a
spectator, presents us with a fine statu-
esque model of heroic fortitude, and of
one whose young heart, even In the very
agonies of her cruel immolation, refused
to forget, by a single indecorous gesture,
or so much as a moment's neglect of her
own princely descent, that she herself
was “a lady in the land.”

These are fine marble groups, but they
are not the warm breathing realities of
Shakespeare; there is “no speculation” in
their cold marble eyes; the breath of life
is not in their nostrils; the fine pulses of
womanly sensibilities are not throbbing in
their bosoms. And, besides this immeas-
urable difference between the cold moony
reflexes of life as exhibited by the power of
Grecian art and the true sunny life of
Shakespeare, it must be obgerved that the
Antigones, &c., of the antique put forward
but one single trait of character, like the
aloe with its single blusaom: this solitary
feature is presented to us as an abstrac-
tion, and as an insulated quality; whereas
in Shakespeare a!l is presented in the con-
crete—that is to say, not brought forward
in relief, as by some effort of an anatomi-

 
   

cal artist,
to speak,

but embodied and embedded, so
as by the force of a creative na-
ture, in the complex system of a human
life: a life in which all the elements move
and play simultaneously, and, with some-
thing more than mere simultaneity or co-
existence, acting and reacting by such
other and through each other. In Shake-
speare’s characters is felt forever a real
organic lite, where each is for the whole
and in the whole, and where the whole is
for each and in each, They only are real
incarnations,

Shakespeareas aDramatist

   

By SAMUEL TAYLOR COLERIDGE.

11] stage in Shakespeare's time was
T a naked room with a blanket for a
curtain; but he made it a field for
monarchs, That law of unity,
which has its foundations, not in the
factitious mecessity of custom, but in
nature itself, the unity of feeling, is every-
where and at all times observed by
Shakespeare in his plays,

Read “Romeo and Juliet’’—all is youth
and spring--youth with its follies, ite
virtues, its precipitancies; spring with its
odours, its flowers and its transiency; it
{fe one and the same feeling that com-
mences, goes through anil ends the play.
The ola men, the Capulets and Montagues,
are not common old men, they have an eager-
ness, a heartiness, a vehemence, the effect of
spring; with Romeo, his change of passion,
his sudden marriage and his rash death are
all the effects of youth, while in Jultet
love has all that ts tender and melancholy
in the nightingale, all that is voluptuous in
the rose, with whatever is sweet in the
freshness of spring, but !t emds with a
long deep sigh like the last breeze of the
Italian evening, This unity of feeling and
character pervades every drama of Shake-
speare.

It seems to me that his plays are dis-
tinguished from those of all other dramatic
poets by the following; characteristics:

1, Expectation in preference to aurprine,
It is like the true reading of the passage-—
“God said, Let there be ‘ight, and there
was light"—-not, there was light. As the
feeling with which we startle at a shooting
star compared with that of watching the
sunrise at the preestablished moment, such
and so low is surprise compared with ex-
pectation,

2. Signal adherence to the great law of
nature, that all opposites tend to attract
and temper each other, Passion in Shake-
speare generally displays Ubertinism, but
involves morality, and if there are excep-
tions to this they are, independently of
their Intrinsic value, all of them indicative
of individual character, and, like the farewell
admonitions of a parent, have an end

beyond the parental relation, Thus the
countess’s beautiful precepts to Bertram,
by elevating her character, raise that of
Helena her favorite, and soften down the
point in her which Shakespeare does not
mean us not to sec, but to see and to for-
give, and at length to justify. And so it is
in Polonius, who is the personified memory
of wisdom no longer actually possessed.
e eee

8. Keeping at al! times in tho high road
of life. Shakespeare has no innocent adul-
teries, no interesting incests, no virtuous
vice—he never renders that amiable which
religion and reason alike teach us to de-
test, or clothes impurity in the garb of
virtue, like Beaumont and Fletcher, the
Kotzebues of the day. Shakespeare's
fathers are roused by ingratitude, his hus-
bands stung by unfaithfulness; in him, in
short, the affections are wounded in those
points in which all may, nay, must, feel.

ee8¢ °

4. Independence of the dramatic interest
im the plot. The interest in the plot is
always in fact on account of the char-
acters, not vice versa, as in almost all
other writers; the plot is a mere canvas,
and no more. Hence arises the true justi-
fication of the same stratagem being used
in regard to Benedict and Beatrice, the
vanity in each being alike.

e oe e s

6. Independence of the interest on the
story as the groundwork of the plot.
Hence Shakespeare never took the trouble
of inventing stories. It was enough for
him ¢o select from those that had been al-
ready invented or recorded such as had
one or other, or both, of two recommenda-
tions, namely, suitableness to his particular
purpose, and their being parts of popular
tradition—names of which we had often
heard, and of their fortunes, and as to

xe ye ys

PelpAewaido f

RET SO

which all we wanted was to see the man
himself. So it is just the man himscif
the Lear, the Shylock, the Richard—that
Shakespeare makes us for the first time
acquainted with. Omit the first scene in
“Lear” and yet everything will remain; so
the first and second scenes in the “Mer-
chant of Venice.” Indeed it is universaily
true.

6. Interfusion of the lyrical—that which
n its very essence is poetical-—not only
with the dramatic, as in the plays of Metas-
tasio, where at the end of the scene comes
the aria as the exit speech of the charac-
ter—but aleo in and through the dramatic.
Songs in Shakespeare are introduced as
songs only, just as songs are in real life,
beautifully as some of them are charac-
teristic of the person who has sung or
called for them, as Desdemona's “ Willow.’
and Ophelia's wild snatches, and the sweet
carollings in “As You Like It.” But the
whole of the “Midsummer Night's Dream”
is one continued specimen of the drama-
tized lyrical. And observe how exquisitely
the dramatic of Hotspur—

Marry, and l'un glad on 't with al! my heart ;
I'd rather be a kitten and c: ry—mew, &e,

melts away into the lyric of Mortimer

1 understand thy looks: that pretty Welsh

Which thou pourest down from these swell-
ing heavens,

I am too perfect in, &c.

Henry IV., part 1., act IIL, se, 1.

7. The characters of the dramatis
Bone, like those in real life, are to be
inferred by the reader, they are not told
to ‘him. And it is well worth remarking
that Shakespeare's characters, like
in real life, are very commuon!y Miisunder-
stood, and almost always understood by
different persons in different Ways,

Lastly in Shakespeare the heterogeneous
is united, as It is in nature, You must
not suppose a pressure or passion alwe ‘ys
acting on or in the character--passion in
Shakespeare is that by which the indivia-
ual is distinguished from others, not that
which makes a different kind of him

Shakespeare followed the main march of
the human affections. He entered into no
analysis of the passions or

per-

those

faiths of men,
but assured himself that such and such
passions and faiths were grounded in our

common nature, and not in the mere acci-
dents of ignorance or disease, This is an
important consideration, and constitutes
our Shakespeare the morning star, the
guide and the ploneer of true philosophy,

Shakespeare, the Full Man

   

By RALPH WALDO EMERSON.

OME able and appreciating eritics
think no criticism of Shakespeare
valuable that does not purely

on the diamatic merit; that he ig
faleely judged as poet and philosopher, ¥

rest

tS |

aut heee

think as highly as these critics of his dra.
matic merit, but still think it secondary,
He was @ full man, who liked to talk; @
brain exhaling thoughts and images, which,
seeking vent, found the drama next at
hand. Had he been less we should have
had to consider how well he filled this place,
how good a dramatist he was—and he {y
the best in the world. But it turns out
that what he has to say is of that weight,

as to withdraw some attention from the
vehicle; and he is like some saint whoxe
history is to be rendered into all langiiges,
into verse and prose, into songs and py.
tures and cut up into proverbs: so that
the occasion which gave the saint's mea).
ing the form of a conversation, or of q
prayer, or of a code of laws, is immateria:
compared with the universality of its ap.
plication, So it fares with the wise Shake.
speare in his book of life. He wrote the
airs for all our modern music; he wrote
the text of modern life; the text of man.
ners; he drew the man of England and
Kurope; the father of the man in America,
the drew the man and described the day,
and what is done in it; he read the hearts
of men and women, their probity and
their second thought, and wiles; the wiles
of innocence and the transitions by which
virtues and vices slide into their contra-
ries; he could divide the mother’s part from
the father’s part in the face of the onhtid,
or draw the fine demarcations of freedom
and of fate; he knew the laws of repres-
sion which make the police of nature, and
all the eweets and all the terrors of hu-
man lot lay in his mind as truly but as
softly as the landscape lies on the eye,
And the importance of this wisdom of life
sinks the form, es of drama or epic, out ef
notice. ‘Tis like making @ question con-
cerning the paper on which a king’s me
sage is written.

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
   
    
  
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
    

 

Shakespe ave i* us ft
}

uch out of
gory of eminent authors as he is out of the
rowd, He is inconcervably wise, the

hers, conceivably. A good reader can, in
a sort, nestle into Plato's brain and think
from thence, but not into Shakespeare's
We are still out of doors. For executve
faculty, for creation, Shakespeare's
unique, No man can imagime it better
He was the farthest reach of subtlety com:
patible with an individual self
of authors, and only just

the cater

the suites

Within the pos

sibility of authorship. With this wisdom
of life is the equal endowment of imagina
tive and of lyric power, He clothed the

creatures of his legend with form a!
sentiments as if they avere people wo

had lived under his roof, and few real men
have left such distinct «
fletions, And they spoke in
sweet as it was fit Yet
seduced him into an ostentation, nor dit
he harp on one string, An omunipresen!
humanity coordinates all bis facuties
Give a mam of talents 4 st ry
his partiality will presently appear He
has certain observations, Opinions, topics,
Which have some accidental

and which he disposes all to exhilit Me
crams this part and starves that oot!
part, consulting not the fitness of the t) ing,
but his fitness and stremeth, But k

speare has no peculiarity, no importunate
topie, but all is duly given; no veins, no
curiosities, no cow painter, no bird fr

laracters as t)ese
Janzuage 48

s ever

his tale:

to teil and

promiuneneé

 

no mannerist is he: he has no diseoverade
egotism: the great he tells greally. (h@
small, subordinately, He is wise ‘
emphasis or assertion, he is sirol As

nature is strong, who lifts
Mountain slapes without eff
same rule as she floats a bul

and likes as well to do the one as

This makes that equality of now ¢
tragedy, narrative and love sce

SO incessant, that each reade;

of the perception of other reac: .
bower of expression,
Inmost truth of things inte 2
verse, makes him the type of !
has added a new problem t

This is that which throws hum
hostory, asa main production of
and as announcing new eras and a
tions, Things were mirrored in !
Without loss or blur:
fine with
Dass;
and

the tat n

or of trams

he eould
precision the
the tragic and the comic indiffe
Without aay dtetortion or fas

In short, he is the ehlef examp or to pro
that more or leas of
fewer pictures is

great Ww

produ

a thing indif
the power ¢ make one 4
Dasguerre learned how to det
etch its image on his plate of i BUN
then proceeds at leisure to cioh a!

had ! re

There are always objects, but

never representation, bere ts perte t rep
resentation at least, and ow te rd
of figures alt for their portra ed
can be given for the making o/ ,
speare; but the possibility of | ,
tion of things Into sung is core

i
;
&
'
;
5