ee

es

sa ae

 

 

GERMANY’S ES

More Serious Teutonic View of the Theatre
and Its Purposes Insures Him Adequate
Presentation and Respectful Hearing

By CALVIN THOMAS,

Gebhard Professor of the Germanic
Languagos and Literatures, Co-
lumbia University.

NE who os@ays to tell of Shakespeare
O in Germany may well he reminded
of the Paaimist's saying, “Thou hast

fat my fort In a large room.” Indeed,
the room is both large and old, One would
Uke to ramble about tn it, to explore some
of ite crannies and here and there to brush
the cobwebs from a window and look out
on rome landscape of other daya, But I
am writting now with a stipulated brevity

which forbide ail meandering and daw-
dling,
On tha whole the Germans take the

drama rather more seriously than we do.
Of course thelr theatres are places of
amusement, like ours, and many of them
are nothing more. But there ia a tendency
over there to think of the drama as an
“{natitution,” ilke the church or the school,
and to regard the appreciation of it as a
phese of Kultur. Go where you will in
the empire you will find good theatres—
many of them eubsidized ty prince or pub-
No—awhich are beautiful buildings and ob-
of much local pride. And in these
theatres Shakespeare—more or less
him—belongs to the standing repertory.

The proper etaging of him {es studied with
@are, and no commercialized star system
te allowed to run riot with the ensemble,
albeit many a German player has won
fame in Shakespearian roles. Poor perform-
ances one may sometimes see, but hardiy
ever one that {e very poor. In my own
experience excellence has been the rule
I cannot now think of any other great
@ramatic poet who is 80 widely, so highly
and 6o justly appreciated by a people of
alien specoh as is Shakespeare by the Ger-
mam. This ie a long established state of
effaira To what extent, if at all, it may
have been affected by the war I am not
im @ position to say.

There is a vast German literature abou:
Ghakespeare—literature ofappreciaion, com-
mentary, criticlem and special research.
From Lessing and Goethe to the present
time the best German writers have usualiy
had something of interest to say about
him. The German Shakespeare Society has
duly sent forth its annual volume since

   
   
    
    
   
    
    
   
   
   
   
    
     
    
   
   
   
    
    
   
   
   
   
    
     
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
    
  

German iljustration for “The Winter's Tale,”

4066. The Schlegel-Tieck version is one
of the world's great masterpieces of trans
lation, even if one reject the patriotic claim
that it is sometimes better than the orie-
final. In short, Shakespeare the peerless
playwriglit Is very generally known to the
German intellectuals.

. That they feel the magic of is best
verge as it is felt by the more favored of

these whose birthright is the English
language is not to be liehtly assumed,
for the virtue of great poetry is seldam
translatable, The thing Is possible, but
only when the translator s himself a
child ef Apollo, like FitaGeraid, whe trans
muted Omar so wonderfull Generally
speaking, however, Where thece is a really
fubtle essenee of poctry tore ss of
it ow evaporate an the passa nto

another idjam, Reading a translation, even

were t what w call a geod one, if more
or less jike kissing through a veil

It was in the third quarter of the eigh
teenth century that Shakespeare dawned
upon the Germans as a dramatic poet who
const tutes a class by himself True they
had made his acquaintance long before,
but lis very name had been forgotten,
Back in the sixteenth century, toward the

Wore

end of tt trannes of Mnelish nlavers
eo-called “Mnglish Comedians,” had begun
visiting Germany to turn a penny by ex-
hibiting Uheir art, which was acrobatic
end musical as well as histrionic, The in-
vasion continued until the Thirty Years
War rendered the business unprofitable,
The visitors played in English, except
@iat the clown, who might be the leading
man of the company, s00n took to speaking
German, thus giving him from the start a
factitious importance, They took over
plays of Marlowe, Wenster, Greene, Shale
epeare and other lizabethans, and per-
formed them wherever they could get a
Hicenee. In time the business wae taken
up by German troupes who atill called
themecives “English Comedians,” because
phe mame-was « go0d advertisement. Yor

their purposes they made ungainly trans-
lations of the English plays, ruthlessly
sacrificing the poetry, condensing, omit-
ting, rearranging and otherwise cobbling
until the originals were sometimes hardly
recognizable heneath their deep German
diagulse. The clown was always the centre
of attraction

In this way the German public became
acquainted after a fashion with the plots
of at Jenet a dozen Shakespearian plays.
But there is no evidence that they knew
his name or were aware of any notable
difference between his work and the other
badly bedevilled Fnglish plays that were

served up to them, The name Shakespeare
had not been found in a German book prior
to 1682. Presently all that remained of
the Englieh dramatic invasion was a etrong
predilection for the clown, who got worse
and worse with the lapse of time.

About 1720 a fresh breeze began to blow
into Germany from England. Curlously
enough, it came by way of Switzerland,
telling of Milton and Pope and Young and
Thomson and other English notables, but
for some little time giving no tidings what-
ever of @ man called Shakespeare. Mean-
while the principles of the dramatic art
were becoming a subject of general interest
and lively discussion. It must be remem-
dered that in Germany the seventeenth
century had quite failed to develop an ele-
vated playable drama. If a man of letters
undertook to write a tragedy he wrote it as
a matter of course in Alexandrine verse,
following afar off aa best he knew the ways
of the approved French dramatists. But
there were no theatres. ‘The acted drama
was in the hands of wandering barn-
stormers, who extemporized their parts and
amused the crowd with rant and vulgarity
and the antics of the clown.

About 1780 {t was borne in upon Prof.
Gottsched of Leipsic that the German
drama needed elevating, and that he him-
self was the man of destiny. He was a
scholar, a patriot, a facile writer, an or-
ganizer—everything but a poet. He con-
cluded that the great need of the hour was
ssood taste, and where was good taste to be
found if not In France? So he set about
making plays, and inducing his friends to
make them, in the French style, being very
particular about the unities and all that
Then he leagued himself with Mme, Neu-

  
 

Act IV., Scene 3.

the best actress of the time, who was
at the head of a band of strolling players,
and the two started a real theatre at
Leipsie. Henceforth there wag at least a
chance for a dignified dramatic art to de-
»p hand in hand, as such an art always

ber

'
f

must, with the art histrionic.
And then presently--it was in 1740
young Lessing raised his voice, protesting

n his vigorous, uncompromising way that
Trof. Gottsched had botched the whole
business of elevating the German drama
‘or,’ he declared, “the German taste in
matters of the drama ts more akin to the
Koglish than to the French. In our trag-
edies we wish to see and think more than

the timid French tragedy gives us to see
and think, The great, the terrible, the
melancholy affeets us more than the nice
the deheate, the lovelorn,” »

The argument runs on to the effect that

it would have been better had Gottsched
tro@siated the masterpieces of Shakespeare
rather than those of Corneille and Racine;
that he would thus have given more pleas-
ire to playgoers and have stood better
chance of etimulating good native produc-
tion, “For,” said Lessing, “genius can be
kindled only by genius, and most readily by
one who seems to owe everything to nature
nnd is not Piistiiened whay Dy the labored
perfections of art.”

This is the beginning in Germany of an
uproarious cult of genius and nature, as
opposed to erudition and formal correct-
ness, Shakespeare was exploited as a self-
made genius who had played an ancient
kame magnificently without knowing the
rules, or at least without paying any atten-
tion to them, A little later, when he came
to write his “dramaturay’ (1767-1769),
Lessing made freo use of Shakespeare as a
sort of big stick with whieh te batter down
the prestige of the French drama, The
French, so he said, had tried to follow
the rules of Aristotle without understand-
ing him, and #o had. missed the tragic ef-
fect which the rules were designed to se-
cure; Bhakespeare had gone his own-way,

6 _ THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 16,

a en nn er

 

 
 
  
 
   
 
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
     
   
   
  
  
   
  
    
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
 
   
   
  
 
   
 
   
 
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
     

Note the modern costumes.

Dut the
goal
All this seems to us now a iittle arid

as ff the proof of the pudding were to be
found in the faithful following of a famous
old recipe. We can understand the im-
patience with which Lord Morley, in his
“Diderot,” speaks of the “immense con-
troversy carried on in books, pamphlets,
sheets and fiving articles, mostly German,
as to what !t was that Aristotle really
meant by the famous words tn the sixth
chapter of the ‘Poetics’ about tragedy
accomplishing the purification of onr
moods of pity and symputhetic fear’ and

had always reached Aristotelian

calls it “one of the disgraces of human
intelligence, a grotesque monument of
sterility.”

So it looks to ua and so it looked to

young Goethe in the heyday
Shortly after returning home, at the age
of 22, from the University of Strassburg,
where he had come into relations with a
little sect of ardent Shakespearians, Goethe
planned a celebration to be calied "“Shake-

of his youth.

ee

A German view of “King Lear,”
Act I., Scene 1.

Lear:

Hear me, miscreant!

On thine allegiance, hear me!

epeare day There were to be speeches
and toasts in honor the “Will of All Wills.”
The short address which he himself pre-
pared for the occasion has been preserved.
A part of ft runs as follows:

“The first page of him that I read made
me his for life, and when [ had finished
the first play I steod like a man born blind
who suddenty receives his sight by magie.

Most vividl ! saw and felt my whole
existence expanded infinitely Everything
was new and unfamilisr and the unac-
customed light made my eves ache, After
a while | learned to see, and thanks to my
grateful genius. I still continue to feel wha’
1 have gained Not for # moment did

I hesitate to renounce the regular drama.
The unity of plice seemed to me oppres-
sively prisoniike, the unities of action and
of time as heavy on the imaginatior
I leaped into the free air and for the firs
time I felt that | ad hands and feet.”

In some degree this enthusiasm was due

clogs

to infection he Herder. who had happene
to visit Strassburg while Goethe was re-
siding there jn 1770-1771 \ radical |
along the line, in religion, philosephy, edu-
cation and criticism, Herder had convinced
himself that the grand merit of the ereat

est poets Wis to reveal the
& people

life and soul of
at some porticular epoch

‘es were Hiomer, Osta:
wiloof whom he found
abounding life

His chief {instan
ind Shakespeare
genuineness, nat

 

 

 

alness

and the smell) of the soil that had begotten
them. He saw in Shakespeare a mirror of
Elizabethan Eneland in all its fulness and
variety, Here, in a nutsoell. were all sorts
and conditions of men Jiving themselves
out, each in his own way oprinee and

pauper, saint and sinner
‘all thoughts, all

earned and lewd
passions, all delights’
Herder could not think of it without dithy-
rambic excitement Hiere wre a few #en-
tences from an essay, or one might better
call {t a rhapsody, on Shakespeare pub-
lished In 1778:

“As Lyread him, stage,
seem to have vanished
sO TaAny

actor and conlisse
Nothing there but
leaves from the book of history
of Providence, of the world leaves agi-
tated by the winds of time!’ And all of
them separately acting machines of the
most heterogeneous character; all of them

as we really are in the hands of the
Creator--ignorant, blind instruments for
the production of a complete theatrical

picture, a large complic#tion of events
which only the poet sees through and
over. Who can imagine a greater poet of

northern men in that epoch!"
It is noteworthy that at
writing the words just quoted
Goethe nor Herder had ever
of Shakespeare on the stage,
is true of Lessing They
impression entirely from the

the time of
neither
Feen a plan
And the same
had got their
printed page

So it was, too, with the younger insur-
rectos, including Schiller, who came after
them, They were not close students of

Shakespeare, but blind worshippers. They

1916.

Leena

aid “puis 4)
o>

aby,

 

 

“Twelfth Night,” Act IT.,

Malvolio:

Scene 3.

  

Care and No Commercialized Star Sys.
tem Runs Riot With the Ensemble

the staging of the great Briton began to
engage attention. The problem was firat
attacked by Schroeder of Hamburg, the
most eminent German actor of the day,
but his efforts were hampered by the lack
of a good translation

Aside from Borck's isolated Alexandrine
version of ‘Julius Cesar’ (1741), the
Germans first became acquainted with
Shakespeare in thetr own language through
the version of Wieland, who issued @ trans-
lation of twenty-two playa between 1760
and 1766. The task was not taken vory
seriously by the translator and was in-
differently done. Not only did he substi-
tute prose for verse (excepting the "Mid-
aummer Night's Dream”), dut he allowed
himeelf to omit, transpose and condense in
accomiance with his own Gallic taste. The
result was Shakespeare's sense without the
glory of his diction.

In 1776 Eschenburg published a revised
edition of Wieland, including @ transla-
tlon of the remaining plays. This first
complete German Shakespeare is fairly
good hackwork for the time, but hopelessly
inadequate for the stage.

In 1791 Goethe became director of the
little theatre at Weimar, and ere long he
began to lean heavily upon the judgment
of Schiller, who was the better playwright
and the better Judge of dramatic effective-
ness. As they were both fervid admirers
of Shakespeare it was natural that they
should wish to try him on the Weimar
stage. They chose “Macbeth” for the ex-
periment, and Schiller made a metrical
veraion of his own,

His knowledge of English was rather im-
perfect, ao he used Eschenburg for his
foundation and the English text for com-
parison. The result was a decent ‘“Mac-
beth,” which was played with success, but
{s not a masterpiece of transiation. Con-
siderable liberties were taken with the
text, and the changes made now seem for
the most part unlucky, albeit Schiller was
a better judge than any one can now Be as
to what would go best on the Weimar stage
in the vear 1800. Schiller’s work is very
much better than the feckless version of
“Romeo and Juliet’? which Goethe himself
prepared for the Weimar boards in 1811.

Meanwhile the Romantic School had
been actively proclaiming their doctrine,
which included among other things the
idea of historeal accuracy in Hterary inter-
pretation. Tne great poets of other lands

 

 

great masterpieces of translation. In Gor.
man it hag no astperior unless Wore
Luther’s Bible. One can ensily pick thaws
in it, and one is not surprieed ¢ witha
translatora have tried to improve

The eix playa transiated by

Tieck are below the general ave
commends the version as a \
evenness of merit. If it dice
Shakespenre’s utmost he iichis
much below his ordinary lev:
following lines from the °\1
Venice”:
Sit, Jessica: look how the
Is thick Inlaid with patines of &
There's not the emaliest or
behold'st
But in his motion like an ancel sinye
Still) quiring to the young-eyed cherubine
Buch harmony ita in immortal souls.
But whilet this muddy vestura of decry
Doth grossly dlose it in, wa cannot hee
Schlegel renders the lines:
Komm, Jeasica, Sieh, wie die MT renclenny
lat eingelegt mit Sohetben Ii!
Auch nicht der kleinste
eichst,

iten Goldes

Der nicht tm Schwunge wie ein Engel eng:

Zum Chor der heligeaugten (herulim

So voller Harmonie sind ew'ca Celstar,
Nur wir, well dies ninfall’ge Kk!
Ihn grob umhbillt, wir kinnen sie

Thie ie certainly good transiating

caGence copy the Pnelish,
paper aqueeze copies an inscription
there is something lacking.
The impalpable, untransferah's
which !s Shakespeare at his best

The further history of Shakespeare ty
Germany, if one had space to write of +
in Getall, would be, on the one hand a
record of echolarly research and on the
@ record of increasing voane ant
ever improving presentation on the stage
One could make a pretty anthology of goot
things that have been sald abort him &
time
ie down:

af course
nf the

other

eminent German writers from the
of Goethe, Grillparzer and Hei:
the day before yesterday. Ani,
one could also make an antholor
other kind—of the foolish things t!
been said by paradoxers, philist'nes an
special pleaders. It is the penalty of suct
greatness as ‘his that even
cannot let him alone.

And what of the future”? one

  
   
   
     
      
      
     
       

Oo
c

 

Left to right—Malvolio, Sir Andrew Aguecheek, Maria, Si: !

Belch and Clown.

Have you no wit, manners nor honesty, but to gabble like tinkers at this time of night? Do ye make an

my lady's house?

used his name asa raliving ery, It meant
emancipation from conventional rules

Tt was in this way that Shakespeare cap-
nred the younger generation and became
#® name to conjure with, before any one
thought seriously of playing him, Toward
the end of the century, permanent then-
tres having now become fairly common,

GREATEST OF SHAKESPEARE TREASURES ON VIEW

HE most complete and most valuable

| collection of Shakespeariana ever as-

sembled in this country or any other

is now on exhibition at the New York Pub-

He Library, Fifth avenue and Forty-second
street,

The exhibition would not be possible any-
where except in this country, Although
the British Museum owns what is at most
times the best collection of the sort, it has
not all of the books now on view tn New
York, nor could It bring together such a
collection as this “for display, The reason
is that nearly all the important Shake-
speare collections In England are in public
institutions, from which they cannot be re-
moved for any purpose whatever.

But in the United States the great Mhake-

speare couecnons are privale property.
This has made the present exhibit possible,
With hardly any exceptions the priyate col-
lectorg of this country have united to make
the library exhibition the finest of its kind
in history,

The extraordinary scope of the exhibition
is illustrated by thig fact; Between 1694
and 1709 twenty of Shakespeare's plays ap-
peared, printed separately. These are the
famous Shakespeare quartos, There were
ninety editions and issues of them in the
period mentioned, Ali but tlve of the ninety
are represented at the library. Of these
five four are not in this country. The fifth,
a first copy of “Titus Andronicus,” the
owner declined to lend for exhibition,

Among these quartoa ia the firat “Ham-
let,” printed in 1608 Only, one other copy

ot itexists, That is in the British Museu

and is the less perfect of the two, An ex-
pert has estimated this “Hamlet” to he
worth $100,000, Henry EE. Huntington

bought it two years ago with other books
from the Duke of Devonshire.

The library's exhibition, which
ranged by Miss Henrietta (.
authority on Shakespeariana, is divided
into four parts, The firat comprises issues
of Shakespeare's works prior to 1709, The
second shows epurious avorks and adapta-
tions of the bard, The third shows the
books that Shakespeare used as sources
and books that he read or refers to. The
fourth part of the exhibit shows contem
porary allusions to Shakeepeare and his
works,

The exhibition continues until May 31,

WAS ar-
Bartlett, an

aud other times —Dante, Shakespeare, Cal-
deron- were no longer to he blindly glori-
tied, nor treated wilh condescension
md “huproved’ to suit the taste of a
later era unwisely proud of its enlirhten-
ment Instead, they were to be faithfully
reproduced owith their sins upon them, if
sins they had committed,

It was in this spirit that
Schlegel undertook a
Shakespeare,

vet

August Wilhelm
new translation of
Ite had a good knowledge of
Fnglish and a fine sense of literary values,
He had also written sume verse and got
the reputation of a poet, though the muse
never really confided anything to him ex-
cept a faultily faultless technic, Between
1797 and 1810 he translated seventeen
plays and then his work came to a etand-
still,

He had secured a promise of assistance
from his friend Ludwig Tieck—also a poet
and a Shakespeare enthusiast--but Tieck
seeins never to have done anything but
edit, In after years ls daughter, Dorothea,
took up the task in conjunetion with Count
Haudissin, and these two translated the
rest of the plays. The whole was finally
completed in 1834, and from this time on
there was a worthy German Shakespeare
for reader and playgoer,

I have already spoken of the Achlege)-
Tieck Shakespeare ae one of the worlde

the German eult of §
triumph undiminished

is now rife in Germany
birth and the Jangua.
Let him that has tie 4
hear strong protestati
must and shall make no a
very vehemence of the
gests that the contrary
11s volaries.

The present strategy
Shakespeare as essentia
Withstanding the strane
birth and speech. At tie |
the German Shakespeare 8
ing address was
Hauptmann. He said at

“The time is that of t
war, The question is, |
poet whom an ling!ish in:
forth permitted in ier
yes; {t is permitted. \) ad
permitted, it fa commanded

The address ended wit
mento: “There is no pus
Knglish, that has » 1
Bpeare as the Cerne
Fpeare’s creations are 9
his soul has become one *
even if he was born «&
England, Germany is the
truly Lives,"

deliver

TIMATION OF THE WORK OF SHAKESPEARE

Proper Staging of the Plays Studied With

ver
good, Observe how the German sense and
almost as a
Yor
What ta it’
ensence

orks. WE

VAS

lameaeneere—eeemmmennrneneneenceneeesiii™ ah es

it

Kreia, den au dy

doven @taos
cht hrag

it nave

the cranks