ne en

‘ ‘ . ’ ere @ | “-
°

—_—_-—-——
a

REED SCOREDAT © |254 FOR HUGHES; T. R. 229 IN
DEMOCRATS’ DINNER} “ESTERN NEWSPAPER POLL) CITY RAGBIN CELL

= in Central States Declare Preferences for G.

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

President Wilson, Unable to
Be Present, Sends Tumulty
With Message.

Motorcycle Policeman Chases
for Miles as Many Persons
Are in Danger.

O. P. Nomination—Total of 1,154 Replies— .
Many for Favorite Sons.

 

 

 

Cmicaao,, April 15.—The Tribune will! corded native son candidates, and the
say) to«morrow : a for Justice Hugties and Col.

Inthe Tribune’s can of the news- | omens are made in the face of party
paper publishers of the central States) The responses so far received are di-
1,154 replies have been feceived to date| vided as follows:
expressing.an opinion on.who should be pe inote wes bees

the next Republican nominee for Presi-; indiana’. on
Wisconsir 133)

These are divided among the various
candidates as follows;

MANY NOTABLES THERE ONE VICTIM IN HOSPITAL

 

 

The Young Democratic Club, a new
organization of more or less youthful be-
levers in the principles of Thomas Jef-
ferson and Woodrow Wilson, held its
first dinner last night at the Hotel

Before Joseph Seymour, an automobile
1} demonstrator, went into a cell in the
Weat 123d street police station last night
he had created excitement all the way
from Seventy-second street and Central
Park West to 125th street and Seventh
avenue, including many intersecting thor-

   
 
 

teeeeeseeeces 1ag

 

dem. Of these, 264 favor Hughes, and

 

This
Had not international affairs been 60

  

Hughes ............ 29 , v0
tense, the President certainly would have ae geceevelt seoceeees SD “ 38 Polen ius mae aes tae
come to New York to dine with the colts ? | Cummins *|wrinkles in racing through crowded
of his party and to offer a few words bs | Fetrpanke DRA. scvsescesceeels 121] streets and luffing policemen, just missed

 

of wisdom. Since it was utterly impos-
sible for him to leave Washington and
get out of touch even for a few hours
with his Cabinet and departmental chiefs,
he sent his secretary, Joseph P. Tumulty,
to the dinner to eay “how dye do” for

 

a half score of pedestrians, scraped a
Crosstown car and finally knocked over
David Arthurs, a carpenter, who, bruised,
is now in Harlem Hospital.

Seymour was charged with felonious
assault in hitting the carpenter, driving
an automobile while intoxicated and also

 
  

TOCA... .cccecceess ri ee 229 | Smith,
The significance of these figures lies in

Osborn, Cameron, Mann and
Barthold divided sixteen votes among
the fact that they concern States in| them, and seventeen editors reported “No
which preferential votes have been ac- chpice.’

oO OOOO OOOO eee:

 

him.
Richard C. Patterson, Jr., president of

the Young Democratic Club, had con-
ceived the notion that Mr. Tumulty
would make a first rate substitute for
hie boss in the speechmaking Way, and
so suddenly he called on Mr. Tumulty to
stand up and go ae far as he pleased.
Mr. Tumulty emiled and blushed and
said it was all very unexpected, and
just then when every qne was expecting
him to launch into a speech he grinned
and said he guessed he had better end
by reading the letter the President had
entrusted to his keeping.

The President's Message.

President Wilson’e message to the
young Democrats was as follows:

It is with the most sincere regret
that I find it impossible for me to
attend the banquet this evening. I had
promised myself thé very great pleas-
ure of consorting with my friends of the
New York Young Democratic Club.
The Democratic party has become the
party for young men and for all the
forward looking forces of the country,
for those who will not tura back to
privileged control and who do mean
to go forward to the realisation of
every genuine human right; and I had
hoped to have the privilege of speak-
ing to you to-night, however imper-
fectly, the message of hope and confi-
dence which should spring to the lips
of every Democrat who sees in their
true light the past achievements and
future opportunity of the great party
to which we belong.

Nearly 350 young Democrats heard
the letter from the President and
speeches by Edwin 8. Harris, the new
chairman of the Democratic State com-
mittee; Supreme Court Justice Clarence
J. Shearn, George McAneny and Sheriff
Alfred E. Smith, At the guest table in
addition to these speakers, Toastmaster
Batterson and Mr. Tumulty, were Ed-
word M. Bassett, William F. McCombs,
Henry Morgenthau, Morgan J. O'Brien,

Wiliam Church Osborn, Abram I
Elkus, Arthur J. Somers and Marion
Verdery.

Mr. Morgenthau, the Ambassador to
Turkey, spent a considerable portion of
the dinner time in earnest conversation
with Mr. Elkus, who is to take hig place,
according to political rumor.

Some of the Geents.

Obeerved at other tables were Stuart
G. Gibboney, Henry B, Keith, John H.
MeCooey, Stanley J. Quinn, David L.
Tadell, Max D. Steuer, Senator John
Godfrey Saxe, Gordon W. Auchincloss,
Harold A. Content, Abraham Levy, Ber-
tram de N. Cruger, Magistrate John J.
Freschi, Justice Frederic Kernochan,
Second Deputy Police Commissioner
Frank A. Lord, Elton Parks, Supreme
Court Justice Francis K. Pendleton,
James A. Foley, Walter R. Herrick,
Lamar Hardy, Alexander Konta, Fire
Commisioner Robert Adamson, Cleveland
H. Dodge, Albert de Roode, John T. Dool-
{nc, William G. Willcox, Sinclair Howard
Armstrong, A. R, Wilson, Rollo Ogden
and Frank M, Patterson.

There was a sprinkling of Tammany
m of the straight out Murphy organi-
get -hyt the san-dalled “Federal” va-
riety of Democrat was in greatest num-
ber ind dominated the celebration. ‘here
were many, many office holders at table.

Vresident Patterson started the speech-
making with the explanation that jthe
purpose of the club was to provide for
young voters interested in Democratic
priiciples a non-factional club. It was

ung club, he said, but that was a
fait it would get over, and meanwhile

vas going to pitch in and hustle as
hord a@ it knew how for Democratic
prnciples and Democratic candidates,
Then Mr. Patterson presented Justice
Shearn, who proceeded at once to speak

s mind about Zenator Reed of Mis-
sour +

“Tl have no patience,” said Justice
Siearn with the doctrine promulgated
bs Senator Reed Thursday night,
Whether the offences (offences against
the United States by warring countries)
proceed from England or from Germany.
iis argument is that as long as the
fens are not aimed at us and our

jurics are merely incidental to a death
Struggle between others we should not
fomplain

“Ile likens the case to two infuriated
nen fighting one another with revolvers,
«od incidentally, but, as he nalvely ob-
unintentionally killing innocent
passersby That argument is as un-
ound in lugie as it is In law. It fgnores
the fact that a nation, like an individual,
* presumed to intend the natural con-
Sequences of a voluntary act, and fur-
ther, that utter and reckless indifference
to the consequences of an act fs equiva-
ent to intention

“After the long series of violations
of international law by both England
aud Germany that we have sufferéd dur-

s the last eighteen months IT deplore

  

erves

the fact that a Democratic Senator of|

the prominence of Mr. Reed appears

 

 

DRY COLD,

Knickerbocker and very nearly had Pres-| 289 want Col. Roosevelt nominated.
ident Wilson for their guest of honor.

 

as their apologist. It seems to sinack
of copperheadism, which was buried a
generation At any rate, I am sure
that young ocrats will have none
of it.” .

Emphatic points™made by Justice
Shearn in his “America Firat’ speech
were that young Democrats believe that
we must have a firm foreign policy; that
the persistence of attacks against Ameri-
can citizens lawfully and rightfully going
about their business on the high seas
or in Mexico js an attack upon our flag ;
that England's course in rifling our mails
la a grievous offence; that the bombing
and fomenting of strikes and the de-
atruction of lives and property inst!-
gated by Germany is an affront to a
friendly nation. Justice Shearn’s speech
was warmly applauded.

Edwin 8. Harris, the néw State chair-
man, brought a message from ex-Gov.
Martin H. Glynn.

“Tell the Young Democrats,” Mr.
Glynn sent word, “to prepare to fight
against the moneyed interests fight-
ing under the guise of patriotism.”

 

RALSTON 18 CALLED JUDAS.

Cel. Dady Angry at Lose ef Hie Re-
peblican Leadership.

Col. Michael J. Dady has lost his place
as G. O. P. boss in the First Assembly
district in Breoklyn, which he held for a
Generation, and his. downfall is espe-
cially grietous to him, Belng brought
about by an alliance of D. Harry Ral-
ston, long his chief lieutenant, with
Alexander M. White.

The clash came over the reelection of
the executive committeeman, when Dady
decided ‘to drop Ralston and named

ienty P.’ Erwin iv his: place. lston
then eh the support of White, y's
chief tical foe, and Won out by a vote
of 33 to 26 for Erwin. Col. Dady yes-
terday veiled his feelings thus: “That
is the man whom I have made and kept
for ten years. Instead of D. Harry Ral-
ston, it is. Judas Iscariot Ralston.”

Mr. sWhite, Who recengly retired as
treasurer of the Republican State Com-
mittee, is now regarded as the party
leader in the Heights district, while Col.
Dady is classéd as a retired statesman.

“§ was-afraid that I might be made
executive myself.” Mr. White said yes-
terday, “and. Ralstoh's election suits
me, now that he has broken away from
Dady.: Our’ attacks on Ralston pre-
viously were not so much aimed at him
pe as at his subserviency to
Dady's influence.”

MARYLAND TURNS TO T. R.

Hughes Ie Aceeptabie, bet « R
actionary Win Net De.

Barrrmuore, April 156.—George Wille is
the first of the city’s regular Republi-
cans to kick over the traces and declare
for Roosevelt or Hughes. The or-
ganization has announced.‘tself for an
unpledged, delegation. W. WW. Adams!
and George T. Hewing, ciassed as Inde- }
pendents, favor the Hughes or Roosevelt |
programme.’ There are now four deie- |
gates in the First district, three in the
Second, five in the Third and one in the
Fourth who are committed to either
Hughes or Roosevelt. “Their preference |
undoubtedly is Roosevelt. |

“While I am for an Uninstructed dele- ;
gation to Chicago I am first, last and |
all the dime for the nomination of either
Justice Hughes er Col. Roosevelt, who-
ever, in the best Judgment of the dele- |
gates, will be the stronger candidate tc}
beat Wilson,” said Mr, Wille. “We ought
to send 9 delegation to Chicago who wil)
use their heads for the best interests of
the whole nation. Under no circum-
stances will I consent to support a reac-
tionary for President.”

TOMPKINS FOR GOVERNOR.

feo Halled at Dinner—Califernians
Talk Heghes Over Phone.

At the fourth annual banquet of thé
Rockland, County Society in the Hotel
Astor last nf; Supreme Court Jus-
tice. Tompkins, whose Gubernatorial
boom «was launched when he wae intro-
duced .as “the next Governor of the
State,”. talked over the transcontinental
telephone to Justice Manley in San
Franciaco, while the two hundred diners
were holdinz similar conversations.

Justice Tompkins asked Justice Man-
ley what kind of candidate the Repub-
licans of California favored for the
Prealdentia! nomigation.

“We want a straightforward, upright
man, who is capable of doing big things,”
came the answer. otg 6 ‘
that?’

“Hughes.” . ee

“That's the man I guess we ali] want,"
Justice Tompkins rejoined.

 

 

 

 

 

 

STORAGE |

exceeding every speed limit on the books.

King was on the Weat Drive at Seventy-
seventh street just atter @ark when he
espied a big black touring car coming
rorth at about forty miles an hour. King
caught the car at Seventy-ninth street
and was just handing the lone driver a
summons when he perceived that it would
be better to take the man somewhere to

WAGE DEMAND CLEARS
“MYSTERIOUS STRIKE”

" . | Pest up.

Trouble Feared at National) Tne car in the meantime had been
. turned around. King went across the
Conduit Plant—More pdriveway to call a mounted man and

Men Walk Out.

 

while bis back was turned Seymour sud-
denly threw on his power and was off
(like a shot. He was a half block away
j before King could get his motorcycle
| Going vight,

 

Hastings, N. Y., April 16.—The |
terious strike” at the plant of the Na-
oe al we ore ppg ¥4 street, weat to Columbus avenue, north to

e 8 mysterious to-day en *’ + Siete
strikers formed a committee and called | ese Oret tg T1Gtn Ba. Daa tc Bovante
on Supt. William H. Lewis with a de- | avenue and thence straight wp to 128th
iw for a five cents per hour increase | grreer
n Wages. } Durin is zi ing, rte ra

Sheriff Wiesendanger suggested to the | done Lg PR ovr dety wles. hr haa. “he
s cores might Meee heer : bes | policeman says, he never saw such driv-
Diain grievances. e mrikers elected) ing. There were sharp corners to turn
two men from each of the six depart-} and Seymour did there with "one hand
ments of the plant to call on the superin-|on the steering wheel and smiling
tendent. They were told that no increase! sweetiy. There were vehicles and peo-
Was possible and that contracts for three | ple that Seymour passed with a bored
months ahead, mostly for muuitions for! look on his face
the Allies, would be a total loss if the! The race in 116th street,
company granted their demands. The! wa's nerve trying
men are now getting from twenty to
twenty-five cents an hour.

When the comnittee returned to the
hall where the strikers were gathered
and announced the result of their yisit |
their report was greeted with jeers and
shouts of derision and a unanimous vote |
oon at once not to return to work}
until the company yielded.

The 1,400 men who walked out on! Seymour said that he is a demonstra.
Thursday and Friday were joined by 600 | tor for Sidney Bowman at 1712 Broad-
more men to-day, leaving only 1,500 at! way.
ween The Sherff, fearing a repetition chi nsip-etitaindainmpeniaesiiteniakt
of the trouble four years ago, when many
persons were hurt and one woman wan | A. R. CONVENES TO-MORROW.
killed in « strike. at the plant, has: pee
brought in twenty deputies and the con-| Dinner for Mere, Bleakley of New
duit company has increased its guard} York, Prestdent-General

from 60 to 100 armed mem. |
There is anxiety in the village to-) Waentneton, April 15.—Between 600
and 700 delegates and alternates to the

night, as there has been one clash with
In a saloon a citi- Continental Congrean of the Daughiers

furnishes it: South to Seventy-second

King said,
The surface car was
in the middle of the crossing when the
{ automobile came up. King says Seymour
; Somehow or other wound his machine
around it, only scraping the rear end,
and he was going fast when Arthurs
stepped in the wav at 125th street. Sey-
mour then lost interest and King caught
him wit&in the block by jumping over
the runuing board

the deputy sheriffs.
ven who sympathized with the atrikers!of the American Revolution, which will
expressed his opinion of the deputies so | open on Monday, have arrived here.
freely that one of them, who overheard! Dr. Charles D.. Walcott, secretary of
hig remarks, engaged in a fight. ‘the Smithsonian" Institution, and = the
No serious trouble is eXpected until, Regents held: a_ reception to-night in
Monday morning, asthe plant is practi- ; honor of Mrs, Clarence 1. Bleakley. of
cally shut down over Sunday. When) New York, the president-general, in the
the whistle blows on Monday there may | New National Museum. to which = the
be strife. officers and memberg were invited.

   

    
   
   
  
 

-- >

|

a

Follow the Impulse

CMake a generous lenten offering

PMO. ss eerrvcccerevcesccceseccescsssscossssererses:

PRMMMAT. Ss ale Ch dn at'ooo0ceeedceseceersas:

,- s . ’ ~N

me gw cc __ THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1916.

AUTOIST ENDS WILD |LEAGUE FORMED TO

 

 

BOOM ROOSEVELT:

Non-Partisans Organize Be-,
fore Colonel.Gets a Chance
‘to Know About It.

500 ALREADY SIGNED UP:

 

 

 

 

The Roosevelt Non-Partisan League, |
& Union of Patriotic Citizens of All,
Parties, opened offices yesterday at 12
Vanderbilt avenue and began to send out |
invitdtions to the citizens of this com-
munity to lay aside their political party |
affiliations for the purpose of wafting |
Oyster EBay's most distinguished resi-
dent into the White House on a wave.
of popular enthusiasm for American-|
iam.

A hitch In the plans of the new or- |
Ranization occurred at the very outset. |
le was the intention of those who have;
been working on the matter for several
weeks not to permit any divulgence of
their purposes until the consent of Col. |
Roosevelt had been obtained. They!
wanted his indorsement before enrol- ,
ments or subscriptions were solicited, |
but fate decreed otherwise. |

The news became public and now the;
managers of the league are in something |
ofa quandary as to whether or not the)
Colonel will be offended at such an un-!
authorized movement to make him Presi- |
dent of the United States. Should he;
send a very sharp letter to the or-|
ganizers stating that under no circum- |

This then was the itinerary as King] stances would he permit his name to be,

used in connection with any political |
movement, even one of the non-partisan |
variety, much sincere effort and a great |
deal of printer's ink would have been
wasted to no purpose. The only thing
to do now, and it will be done, is to seek
the Colonel's approval after the fact.
The league is sending out enrolment
blanks and it was said last night that
500 voters had already signed up and|
had stood manfully by the southeast!
corner of the blank, where, under the
caption, “Optioaal Contribution,” runs |
the following expression of sympathy: |
“L degre to contribute for the purpose ,
stated § ... Which T enclose.” |
The purpose referred to is sufficiently
outlined in the enrolment blank, which !
reads e |
We invite all patriotic citizens who j
believe that Theodore Roosevelt is the
man Amertea needs ae President dur-
ing the next four vears to become
members of the Roosevelt Non-Parti- |
san tenrue.
There are

 

no dues or membership

great record for peace and his many
wonderful achievements are properly
presented to the American people they
will realize that no other American
is so well fitted by character and ex-
perience to lead our weountry during
the next four years,

If you_are interested fiil in and mail
this coupon to the secretary.

The circular calle for the. name and |
address of the person interested and his |
party afffiiation. The secretary ie Guy |
Smerson, who is an associate editor of |

fees, but we should be pleased to re-
ceive contributions of from: $1 to $100,
All money we receive will be ex-
pended on publicity. Members will |
be supplied with copies of pamphlets
end other literature published by the |
league. |
We feel sure that if Roosevelt's |
|
|

o

%

   
 
      
   

| boats with permanent fittings for using Henry

 

 

 

the Beonomic World and who did a great |
deal ‘of work during the campaign of:
the National Security. League for mein-
bers. Associated with him {s Louis K. |
Brown, formerly secretary of the United:
States Commiesion ,on Industrial Réla- |
tions. and now executive secretary of the |
Tariff Commission League of Chicago.
Another originator of the movement is
T. C. Desmond, who is a member of the
Republican county committee from the
Twenty-fifth Assembly district. .The
fourth gentleman ts R. L. Sweet,. ;
It was said that these four men had
put up $1,000 to get the league under
way and that assurances of support
have been received from both Republi-
cans and Democrats. |

MINE SWEEPS FOR U. 8. SHIPS,

Navy Department

PLAN TO HONOR GEN. KLINE.

Mifltary Friends to Give Tenstl-
Miontal at the Majestic April 27.

Friends of Brevet Brig-Gen, Ardoiph
L.. Kiine, who filled out the terin of the
late Mayor Gaynor, have arranged tu
give him a testimonial at
Majestic on Thursday evening, April 27.

 

the affair and reservations have already
been made for more than 1,500 guests.
| The Old Guard, of which Gen. Kline
| ta the commarider, will escort him to the
shotel. and he will lead the military march
at midnight. There will be dancing in
the grand ballroom in the Cafe Moderne,
the Oriole Room and the grill and main
dintng room, The fesiivittes are to start
at 10 .o'cluc. All military guests will
be in unifornn,

 

Sete om Lesson |

Those who arranged the affal: are
' ‘ia Kerepean War. Urevet Major-Gien, Darel Appleton, Rear
WASHINGTON, April 15.—All capital) Admiral Charles D  Sigsbee, Rear Ad-

miral Nathaniel R. Usher,
ships and destroyers of the United States | AViltiam A. Prendergaat, Dork Commits.

navy are to be equipped with mine|sioner R. A.C. Smith, Police Commis.
sweeps, according to annou | stoner Agihur Woods, Herman A. Metz,
by is Navy Sharma eink ike President Frank 1. Dowling of the Board

bof Aldermen, Fire Commissioner Robert
sweeps are to be supplied by the bureau| aqamson. Borough Presidents Marks,

of construction and repair as rapidly a8! pounds, Mathewson, Connolly and Van!

funds permit. Lessons of the European! Name; Congressman George W. Loft,
War, where mines have played an impor- | Henry LL. Joyce, Willis Bo Richards,
tant role, are responsible for the decision. | Niles H. Decker, Col. Edward H. Snyder,

The Department also has authorized | Col, John J. Byrne, Major John R. Hege-
the equipment of six tugs and six gun-/ man, Jr, Capt. W. Grant Cook, Capt.
Meyers, Capt. A. P. Vreden-

yr

the Hote},

|The entire hotel will be given over to!

Comptroller |

~
ant

4a -

 

 

"FALL RIVER BOAT IN *
"CRASH OFF NAVY YARD

 

The Plymouth Backs Into Tug
Tryjng to Avert More
Serious Collision,

The Fall River liner Plymouth, bound
for Fall iver, smashed her rudder early
(las: evening and was compelled to put
hack to her pler for repairs after she had
bocked ‘to a tug in the Kast River of

the New York Navy Yard in an effort
to oveld # collision with the North Star

‘Caster Steamshin Corporation

The Plymouth, with 563 passenzers on
hoard and » large cargo of freight. had
left Ser dock at Pier 14, North River,
reun ed the Battery aml wes going up
the aet River when the North Star,
coming in the opposite direction, tried
‘to pase Thee was not room and the
Plymouth was forced to back (0 escape
mn smarh

The tua Albert J. Sione, pulling three
barges, was a few lengths behind, and
the two met, The tug wae only slightly
[damaged and was able to proceed im-
mediately, but the Plymouth’e rudder
was so badly Jammed she could not go
Three tugs were summoned and

|

 

on

|

sweeps, these vessela to be used as fleet!) burgh, Capt. Frank Clement, Capt. John}
| M. Deemer and Capt. Walter I. Joyce.

mine sweepers when desired.

     

MM

   
  

LLM AN A TS |

 

 

A Separate Shop for
A. Separate Shop for
A Separate Shop for
A Separate Shop for
A Separate Shop for
A Separate Shop for

ee

 

 

4a.--.

 

 

a e+

 

=
=
=
=
=
—
=
=
=
—
—|
=
=
=|
=
=
=
—
—
=
=
=
=
=
=
—
4
=
=
=
=
—
—

29.50 «nd

 

AEA ey sr MA Unease a

   

 

women § rt

wv

| .
ee renee cen eee a eee

Svs HALU: UTeUMLPeL EEUU LH

mM

|

Tailored Suits of Serge, Velour Checks or Scotch Tweeds,
Silk Suits of Taffeta, Faille ur Gros de Londres,

|
' Distinctive Apparel, Embodying the Newest_Ideas in Fashion

Afternoon Gowns of Taffeta, Serge, Georgette or Foulard,
Evening Gowns of Plain or Brocaded Silks, Taffeta or Net, 29,50 to 195.00

An Unusual Showing Monday

Women’s Gown Shop
|

|
| i New Double Frill, Model
|
|
|
|

Special 6 ; 75

MMMM MT TAIL TTT

— eo

Registered.

Every Want is in a definite place,
at popular prices, and as a specialty.

Individual Shops for Women

Women’s Suits
Women’s Coals
Women’s Gowns
Women’s Waists

Sport Apparel
Women’s Shoes

Women’s Suit Shop

29.50
29.50

Showing Monday Twenty Distinctive Models

 

Women’s Braid Bound Suits

Mannish models of Oxford worsted, navy or black men's wear serge,
velour checks and English tweeds in brown, tan or green colorings.

Special 39.50

Women’s Bolivia Cloth Coats

The Most Wanted and Fashionable Fabric of To-day.

Fiftecn distinctive and exclusive models of Bolivia cloth, in rookic, mouse, taupe,
Santiago, purple, rose, citron, gold, twilight-blue, Java brown, clover green,
navy, Chinese-yellow, Mohawk, white or black.

| 39.50 w 79.50
English Polo Coats New Vogue
|
|
|

Double Breasted Seve ueBighth Length Monnish Mode /,
Of White or Tan English Polo Cluth.

59.50

. Women’s Georgette Crepe Waists

Of white or flesh color Georgette Crepe; new fat cellar, double frill and sleoves
hand embroidered, hemstitched and trimmed with Val. lace

men’s Pearl-Gray Kidskin Pumps

Brelusive Model Lasts, Hand Turned Soles, Snavish Meets,

Of selected pearl, smoke gray or white washable kidskin.
Also all brown, tan or black and white kidskin.

Special 7.00

2+

“Specialized service means multiplied satisfaction.’ This policy
dominates the house of Franklin Simon & Co.
ized Service, the one other dominant note of the ‘‘Thirty Shops”’ is
eternal newness—to show the things that are Coming, rather than
the things that are going. To be a step ahead of the mode, to
show the styles of To-morrow rather than of To-day.

Aside from Special-

to 98.50
to 145.00

18.50 to 98.50

eo TT ETT

To a ene: eeeeenneee see -ceemne wee

pulled her back to her dock, where the
passengers were taken off.

    

nM MM MMMM

Franklin Simon 8 Co.

Fifth Avenue, 37th and 38th Streets

A Store of Individual Shops

aT tt

eee a

UVRAUNRUTAN AYA ULTO LUGE AAU

 

   
  

 
 

   
    
   

ee

 
 
 

:
:
'
’
: