ee eee

6 THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1916. Sk q

SHAKESPEARE FROM THE VIEWPOINT OF THE FRENCH

An Acquired Taste With England's Gallic
Neighbor, His Assimilation Into Latin
Literature Took Many Years

By ADOLPHE COHN,

fessor of the Romance Languages
rred Liveratures, Columbia University.

HAKFSPBARE in France fe an ac-
quired taste. The productions of
the master dramatic genius of the
Anglo-Saxon race are aa unlike the

ial growths of Romanized Gaul as

. possibly be imagined, Time was when
Shokespeare, while moving to tears or
quahter both the highest and the lowest
in the thronged capital of the Finglish
k nadom, Was totally unknown eouth of
the Channel; another time there was when,
while acknowledged to have possessed a
certain kind of genius, he was regularly
dubbed a barbarian totally unacquainted
with the simplest rudiments of his art.
Then again, all of a suddon he was hailed
by some as the god of the stage, his banner
waved as a battle flag, the effulgence of
his name projected so as to cast into com-
parntive shadow the names of dramatists
considered before as the most dazzling
stars in the dramatic sky.

fuch ere the various, stages through
which the fame of Shakespeare had to
pass before Fronchmen managed 60 to as-
amitate him in thetr process of intellec-
tual and esthetic absorption as to be able

|

the very ones that came to de ridiculed
in one of Boileau'’s wittiest productions,
the romances of La Calprenede and
Scudery found in England when clothed
in English garb readers as enthusiastic as
Mme. de Sevigne herself. During the same
period Shakespeare and Milton are not
named once by any Frenchman whose ut-
terances have been recorded by history.
Saint-Evremont, a French writer of no
mean ability, whose line lay more in liter-
ary criticism than in any other direction,
and who spent the longer part of his very
long life an exile in England during the
reign of Louis XIV., did not think it
worth his while to acquaint himself with
the English language.

Politics had nothing—we ought to say
perhaps very little—to do with this state
of literary estrangement. England and
France were not continuous arrayed
against each other in the international
complications of the period. Henry the
Fourth of France, even from the time when
he was simply Henry of Navarre, drew no
inconsiderable part of his strength from
the support that was awarded him by the
policy of Queen Bess, and Voltaire in his
quandom go celebrated epic, the “Hen-
ried,” had only to stretch the truth a little
in order to represent the French popular
King as a guest at the court of the Eng-
Neh Queen, reciting his woes to her as
/Eneas to Dido in order to arouse her sym-
pathy and turn her from a simple friend
into a political ally. And later, when Eng-
land had sent to the acaffold a king whose
wife was the aunt of the then King of
France, the horror excited by this deed did
not prevent the Prime Minister of France,
Cardinal Mazarin, from entering inte an
alllance with Cromwell and from cordially
welcoming in France British regiments
destined to cooperate with the French
soldiers In breaking the political power of
the King of Spain.

Was France, perhaps, at that time ao
thoroughly self-satisfied as to feel that for.
eign nations had nothing to offer that could
be considered of any value by the side of
her own Iiterary productions? The answer
to this query must be emphatically in the
negative. Foreign influenced were then
cordially welcomed by the literary tribe of
the kingdom. But they did not come from
beyond the Channel, or beyond the Rhine,
at best; they had to cross the Alps or the
Pyrenees. During the whole of the six-
teenth and seventeenth centuries first
Italian, then Spanish influencag were very
active in France. Shakespeare was un-
known, but the French dramatists owed a
cood dea) to his Spanish confreres, Lope

* Vega, Calderon, Alarcon end Guillen de

ero,

The fact is that the French then 4i4@ not
realize that within a few centurtes after
the Norman Conquest a language had been

‘eveloped in England endowed with the

‘reneth and flexibility and also the musi-

‘l possibilities required for the creation

' literary masterpieces. The French

‘ought that every Englishman who hed
+ message for the world at large would, as
id been done so often, for instance by
omas More, Chancellor Bacon and
Hobbes, entrust it not to the English, Dut
“the Latin language. Any attempt at that
‘me to place Shakespeare's masterpieces
tfore a public accustomed to applaud the
sreat productions of the classica] masters
of the period would have been doomed to
fnominions fallure not only se of
thelr deflance of all the accepted rules, net
on'y because of the rude shock they would
have dealt to the prevailing téste, but be-
“ise of the preposterousness to the
Fren hman of the seventeenth century of
6 tuca that any Hterary or artistia mas-
terpleco could possibly come from such ®
rmeh und uncultivated land es England
was supposed to be,

The awakening came when the absolute
Monarchy of Louls XIV. began to show
unmistakable signs of decay, when a period
Of defeat und its concomitant, dissatiafac-
lon, succeeded the evtranrdinertly briltiant
Period extending from 1661 to about 1685.
Then thoughtful people began to took for
Possible remedies to the successful rival
north of the Channel.

England became a favorite study to more
than one seriously minded Frenchman.
What attracted him at first was the po-
and economic condition of the island
dom; but soon literature also began to
claim his attention and he felt ready cau-
tlously to open intercourse with the crowd
of human charactera moving upon the
Staze with this intense life which Shake-
SeaTo to a higher degree than any other
Cramatist managed to impart to the crea-
ons of his genius,

Voileire was then a resident, or rather

fn exile, in England, where he Itved for

nearly three years from the spring of 1726
to the close of the year 1728. The fame
of the great dramatist had just passed
through @ period of comparative eclipse,
coincident with the predominance upon the
stage of the poet Dryden, whose works
show very strangely the influence of the
French masters of the seventeenth cen-
tury. The people were then turning back
with intense delight to a more national
drama, and as soon as he had sufficiently
mastered the language of the country,
which he did in an astonishingly ehort
time, he could not help, lover of the stage
as he was, joining with the crowds which
filled the theatres of London; neither
could he help falling under the spell of
the great magician weeping over the
heartrending triale of Hamlet, Othello and
Desdemona, Romeo and Jultet, shuddering
at the deeds of Macbeth and Lady Mac-
beth, in fact passing through the whole
gamut Of dramatic emotiona due to the
most faithful and most complete repre-
sentation of iife that the world had ever
known.

But while deeply moved he never was
carried away s0 as to lose control of the
critical faculty which constituted his
strongest gift from nature. He felt the
power of the most etirring scenes; he was
moved by the poetry and eloquence of the
most striking and moat lofty passages;
but he could never sympathize with the
faithful reproduction of the vulgar and
coarser sides of human life, which he al-
ways held to be irreconcilable with the
dignity of the tragic stage. The contin-
uous shifting of scene, too, seemed to him
due to an inferior and rather primitive
technique which did not know how to
concentrate the dramatic interest in a
single epot.

He admired Shakespeare, no doubt, but

What Voltaire felt he could not help
expressing, and soon his “Letters concem-
ing the English nation,” published first in
England, in an English translation, but
soon circulated in France, though forbidden
by the Government of Louls XV., for the
first time made the name of Shakespeare
known to the French reading public. He
was presented as @ rather uncultivated
genius, without taste, without a real mas-
tery of the secrets of dramatic art, but
full of @ kind of natural genius which
burst forth in passages of unsurpassed
pathos and eloquence. Nay, some of these
passages, for instance Hamlet's soliloquy,
were rendered into French with a fidelity
that has never been surpassed. We allude
here, of course, to the beautiful prose
translation which Voltaire put in @ foot-
note, not to the weak verse paraphrase
which appears in the original text. Vol-
talre paid an even higher tribute to Shake-
speare; he imitated him, and several of his

The death of Cesar in “Julius
Cesar.” From the painting by
J. L. Gerome.

plays, “Brutus,” “Zaire,” “Semiramis,” un-
mistakabliy betray a strong Shakespearian
influence,

Parisian curiosity was aroused. The
French public was ready to welcome good
things coming from England. Voltaire
himself had acted as an introducer not to
Shakespeare alone, but to Bacon, to MiI-
ton, to Locke, to Addison, to Newton, Soon
Richardson's novels, translated almost im-
mediately after their appearance in Eing-
land by the celebrated Abbe Prevol, were
to take the reading publie, especially the
women, by storm, Time was getting ripe
for a translation,

But Shakespeare does not lend himself
easily to turning into French, especially to
the highly intellectual and overgeneralized
kind of French that prevailed during the
eighteenth century, a century compara-
tively devoid of poetry, not atrongly given
to the sentiment of nature and permeated
with a spirit of criticism alien rather than
friendly to spontaneous outbursts of emo-
tion. The first translator, who did his
work fairly well for the times, a conscien-
tious, but not a great writer, by the name
of Laplace, confined himself to a few plays,
whioh he pubiisiied in 1747 aid which were
well received by the reading public, Nearly
thirty years were yet to elapse before any -
body mustered courage enough to under-
take a complete transietion of Shake-
speare’s plays,

This was done at last, in 1776, by Le-
tourneur; who had two other writers of
atill leas note associated with him in the
undertaking. It was the occasion of a
fierce literary querrel, for Letourneur, in
his preface, had hailed Shakespeare as the
god of the atage,

This was more than Voltaire could en-
dure, He wrote flery Ietters againat euch
rank blasphemy, he tried to wrench from
the Academy a severe condemnation of the
offender, he smote his own breast for hav-

'

* , )

  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
 
   
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
 
  
   
    
  
   
 
 
  
     
    
  
  
  
    
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
 
  

“King Henry VI.,” first part, in which, as Joan La Pucelle Shake-
speare drew the character of Joan of Arc.

ing first mentioned Shakespeare in his
English letters and awarded him @ certain
degree of praise,

Most literary historians will have it
that this Voltairean outburst was the out-
come of eelfish considerations, that Voltaire
feared if once Shakespeare were really
known In French people would discover
how important a part of his own tragedies
had been borrowed from the English poet,
The answer to this view, it seems to me,
is simply that Voltaire was then already
82 yeara old and therefore need no longer
be in fear of any reversal of attitude of

Talbot and Joan, Act. I., Scene 5.

“Othello,” Act. V., Scene 1,

   
    

Roderigo: O damned Iago! O inhuman dog!

the public toward him. What ehows this
interpretation co be correct is that sev-
eral years before, without any protest this
time on Voltaire's part, a much bolder step
had been taken toward making the French
acquainted with Shakespeare,

A French adaptation of “Hamlet” had
been brought out in 1769 on the stago
of the Theatre” Francais. Strangely
enough the author of this adaptation, Jean
Francoia Duots, did not know a word of
English, He had been dependent for his
labora on Laplace's translation, which had
had the power to make him a devoted

follower of the great Will. Ducis's “Ham-
let” was successful, Voltaire did not pro-
test, Why? Because it did not enter
Ducis’s mind to subvert the time honored
laws of the French stage and to proclaim
Shakespeare a greater literary artist than
Corneille and Racine. In fact Dueis’s
Shakespcarian plays fit in perfectly with
Voltatre'’s judgment of Shakespeare,
Carried away by Shakespeare's power of
depicting human nature Ducie takes from
him his charactera and their catastrophes
and recasts them in the mould of classical
French tragedy, with its stately Alezan-

 

Awakening Which Began With the Decline
of Louis XIV. Not: Completed Until the
First Adequate Translation in 1776

Grine and its unitios of time, place and
ection. There was enough left of Shake-
@peare to crown the undertaking with suc-
cess. For twenty-three years Ducis kept
up hie labors as the introducer of Shake-
@peare upon the French stage. Retween
“Hamlet,” hie first attempt in this line,
and “Othello,” his last, given in 1792, ‘he
algo adapted “Romeo and Juliet,” “King
Laer,” “Macbeth” and “King John.”

Ducis'’s great success, it must be sald,
was due in a large part to his chief inter-
preter, the creat tragedian Talma, Talma
knew Shakespeare better than Ducis did.
The early part of his life had been spent
in London, where his father, and himecif
also for a while, had practised dentistry.
Hie tnepiration he drew not from the
adapter's achievement but from the words
of the immortal poet himself, which he
not only could read but had heard so often
from the lips of the great English actors
of the time.

Ducis, interpreted by Talma, and Letour-
neur, whose translation was in the early
part of the nineteenth century, revised by
Guizot, both from the standpoint of ac-
curacy and of, literary excellence, on both
of which grounds it atood In great need
of improvement, were then the real, though
aa yet very imperfect and unsatisfactory,
introducers of Shakespeare as an ele
ment in the literary life and artistic atmos
phere of France. ife was accepted as en-
riching but not as revolutionizing them,
The attempt to mike him a revolutionary
force in French literature was soon to
follow.

It came in 1827 and was tmnado by Victor
Hugo. The young poets, romanticists al-
most to a man, claimed more liberty than
was allowed by the classical rules. Shake-
@peare was a godsend to them, He stood
as the living demonstration of the fact
that the classical] formula did not contain
precepts without the observance of which
no Gramatic masterpiece could de created;
nay, it threw obstacles in the way of the
poet if he would give to the world what
was greatest in art. To the old classical
tragedy they opposed what they called
drama, and Hugo tn his celebrated preface
to “Cromwell” exicaimed:

“We have reached now the poetical cu'-

mination of modern times. Shakespeare
ie drama itself; and the drama, which
melts together under one blast the

grotesque and the subiime, the terrible and
the ridiculous, tragedy and comedy, the
drama puts its stamp upon the third period

Macbeth:
Banquo:

“Macbeth,” Act I., Scene 3.

So foul and fair a day I have not seen
How far is ’t called to Forres?

Schlegel placed the publie in as close cone
tact with the works of Shakespeare as ie
possible to be done whenever a poet's crea-
tions are to be appreciated through the
medium of any but his own idiom.

The task, however, was harder in France
fhan in Germany, On one side the tyranny
of the grammarians of the eighteenth cens
tury, making tho language an exquisitely
penetrating instrument for psychological
analysis indeed, but on the other side mule
tiplying to excess appliances which ime
peded it as the expression of the most
sudden and = therefore most dramatio
moods; on the other the quite natural
attachment of the French to their own
dramatic traditions, justified by an une
example? succession of three centuries of
masterpleces, made the task of the trans-
lator extremely difficult. How was the
problem to be solved?

To-day there is no difficulty for @
Frenchman who has no knowledge of Enge
lish to get @ very fair idea of Shakespeare's
achievements. This idea he must get, of
course, from translations, and the popue
larity of the works of the greatest of Enge
Nsh writers is shown by the ever increase
ing mumber of these translations. In the
last fifty or sixty years no less than half a

dozen translations of Shakespeare's come
plete works have appeared tn French, some
by writers of decided merit, such as the
tropiumentel translation due to Praneois
Vietor Huge, one of the great poet's sons,
or as the translation by bimile Monteeut

one of the inost delicate art eritica of a
generation or two ago,

A curious fact will slow how a taste for
Shakespeare has spread even among those
who cannot he held to belong to the cultt.
vated classes, There is a large collection
of works known as the Libliotheque Na-
tionale, the National Library, begun about
1860 by a group of journeymen printers
for the benefit of such operatives as were
anxious tu extend their knowledge by the
best reading obtainable, The volumes ree
tall. at five cents apiece. The collection
contains now no less than twelve of
Shakespeare's plays, viz: “Hamlet,”
“KRomeo and Juliet,’ “Othello.” “Macbeth
“King Lear.” “The Merchant of Venice,”
“Midsummer Nicht's Dream,” “The Teme

pest.” “Richard. 10," “Henry VIL,”
“Much Ado About Nothing,” “Julius
Cesar.” The plays are given here tn the

order of publication of the volumes,
But these translations never see the light
of the stage. For theatrical performances

 

What are these

So withered and so wild 1n their attire:
That look not like the inhabitants 0’ the earth,

And yet are on ’t,

in the history of poetry, the period of the
literature of to-day.”

And Alfred de Vigny, who was fighting
alongside of Hugo in the onslaught of
the romanticists against the old classical
citadel, eummoned the public to witness
for the firet time the production on the
stage of a rea] version of a Shakespearian
play, his remarkable version of “Othello.”
Shakespeare cannot be translated except
by a poet, and Vieny was a poet worthy
of the task he had undertaken

Vigny's attempt was crowned with suc
ceas, His “Othello,” to be sure, was not
quite Shakespeare's “Othello.” In more
than one place the French translator had
toned down the savage energy and- why
not say #0?—the coaraeness of the oriazina!
play. But enough was left to arouse tiin
indignation of the upholderg of the old
theory and conveniely to ratxa to the high
eat pitch the enthusiasm of the adherents
of the new school. :

But in this very success lay the pos
bility of a serious danger tor the develop-
ment in France of a taste for 8S):
epeare, lils fortunes seemed now liniced
with the fortunes of the romanticiets, and
whatever praise hoe deserved by their
fiighta of lyrio poctry it soon becume cloar
that they were not hichly gifted for the
stage. Their poetry wis too personal, too
aubjective, too closely interpretative of
their own moods and feelings to lend itself
to a faithful and anything like complete
portrayal of human nature such as we
find it in the world around us.

What would become of Shakespeare
when the public taste moved away from
Tromantic eccentricity and insisted more
upon truth than upon violence? It need
hardly be eaid that Shakespeare stood the
test, and indeed !t is not going too tar to
gay that one of the causes of indebtedness
of the French to the romantio movement
is that it created an intense and permi-
nent desire for a closer acquaintance with
the creations of the Bard of Avon, Letour-
neur and Ducip no longer aatistied the
craving of the pubite for an aecurate
knowledge, a real perception of achieve-
menta which aroused unbounded enthu-
siagm not only in England but also in Ger-
many, where the translations of Tieck and

tke

 

the Frens
to the

n Dp (os other re ss, due
rmuunber of poets end

y they
‘y plays

l@bora of a»
dramatists. Accor
take one or anothey

ing t elr tar
of Shakespear
and enjoy grappling with the aun ilty of
making it ntable neh the-
@treeoor And the labor has to be @ labor
of love, or else 1 tha undertaken,
is there j kesy o's plays
could 1 exactly

#8 it Was written,
rhe m
fi dice

 

to the Fre

    

emer nitiated in

‘829 by Al-
on aimost unin.
terrupteddy ane our oO. la Vispecially
dramatista of
France have had it os one of their am-
bitions to extend list wideh already
contained Vignes ‘Othello.’ Alexandre
Dumas and Pau \Iour “liamilet,”
Joles  Laeroin's Macbet! 4 “HWing
Jear.’ Sine tle hor too imeotion new
Versions of prlas Wiitdoy pert the
Preach liave lieard ii their own language

} .
fadia (Pete Mauch Ado othe

Vigns is op

since Psa t

rioed,

iw “Tha Aer nt of \
f the Shrew,’ “Winters
« A few vea iien it Wiis Were

the author ¢ Mos rano’ wanted to es

“Tame
Vale,”
i that
n new
oh stage
‘Romeo

ing oo

Lava 1 transterring to tha }r
Shukespeire’s great love tra Ivor
and 4
Sul it must be ackneas that most
merely
Once

! by some
jiumied OF the
ian Mounet-Sults whose
career Was en
weeks une

Prencebmen Hy Sha peare
hrough the ve

! Aine at
nh ie Whike they

muy be t
Kival tibpelownatlion Tike cue
grout trakes
fed bs tth only
But t et Shake-
Speure os @ plas wrist dois on yet cone
the French
thod of
ywn and

QUUbe Ped, abe
public. They have cotapared his m
dramatic eonstt tion with t

they deliberately prefer the la i,

Where they acknowledges him supreme is
In tho creation of human chara His
Hamlets, O%ellos, Desden laos,
Shiylout fed low Are to
familiar throuch the = por-
vy learn
Who has
und w! 2 emlod

tery
mat others
them foures

tTreveal ane mesftortiunes: of whieh the

tape

to Know better this ¢
the curth for his
Man.

a fow ,