THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1916 ~~

 

ie
eS
mS

al

ae
~~

RY.

aad

 

ZORAIDA’S FATHER ON THE

DON QUIXOTE’S SECOND ADVEN-
TURE. SEASHORE. “

    
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
   
 
  
   
 
  
  
       
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
 
    
   
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
   

DEFEAT OF THE BISCAYAN,

 

N the same day, April 23, 1616, that
Shakespeare died in England
Cervantes passed away in Spain.
The death of Cervantes was es-

teemed as great a loss to the Spanish
people as was that of Shakespeare to
the English. All through Spain there wil!
be celebrations of this tercentenary, and
were it not for the overshadowing ereat-
ness of Shakespeare the United States
also would pay due tribute to the memory
of the great author of “Don Quixote.”

As itis America {ts contributing her full
share to the permanent memorial estab-
lished {n Spain on this occasion. The old
house in Valladolid in which Miguel de
Cervantes Saavedra lived hag heen defi-
nitely identified, and purchased as a lasting
memorial through the cooperation of the
Iiispanic Society of New York, of which
Archer M. Huntington !s present.

This house was built, according to the
records, early jn the saventeenth century
hy Juan de las Navas, and there Cervantes
lived shortly after it was finished, possibly
as early as 1603, when the Spanish court
was removed to Valladolid and he was
summoned thither. The little house has
now been acquired, together with the
houses on either side, for any future de-
velopment which may be desired. All are
owned in the name of the King of Spain,
ind the restoration ig being carefully and
conservatively made.

Parts of the Cervantes house are bé@ing
set aside as library, reading room, &c.,
and one room on the first floor is being
made large enough to accommodate a
hundred persons. In this room it is ex-
pected that some professor from the Un!-
versity of Valladolid will give a daily read-
ing from the works of ‘Cervantes, A
emall printing office is being installed for
reprinting some of the little known works
of the master, and in the library will be
found many of the oldest and rarest copies
of the books known to have been written
by Cervantes.

Cervantes was well entitled to far more
than this belated honor. He was a genius,
and recognition came to him very late in
life. He had, indeed, an adventurous career.
Born in 1547, he soon caught the military
fever of his time and became a soldier,
fighting against the Turks. He had been
especially fond of reading and of the stage,
and he mentions in the preface to his

“Comedies” how delighted he was when he
saw Lope de Rueda and his company set

up their rude stage in the plaza of his
native city, Alcala de Henares, where they
acted the country farces which he !mitated
in some of his plays. He must have been

a voracious reader, to judge from “Don
Quixote" alone, for it shows an intimate
knowledge of the romances of chivalry,
ballads, popular poetry and chronicles.

Little is known of his education, and It

is very doubtful if he ever attended a uni-
versity, although there was one in his na-

tive town. He was one of that company
which sailed from Messina in September,
1571, under the command of Don John of
Austria, and in the first battle with the
Turkish fleet he was woundegl severely tn
the breast and left erm. He lay seven
months in the hospital of Messina before
he was discharged, with his left hand per-
manentlg disabled, perhaps, as he was told,

“for the greater glory of his right.”

In 1572 he joined the regiment of Manuel
Ponce de Leon and took part in the cap-

THE 'RAGGED KNIGHT.

The illustrations from the dr

THREE CENTURIES

ture of Tunis. It was in September, 1576,
that he sailed for Spain, only to be cap-
tured by some Algerine pirates and taken
as a prisoner to Algiers. Cervantes was
allotted to one of the pirates, Dall Mami,
who insisted upon a very high ransom, for
he examined the letters that Cervantes
carried and thought him a person of great
importance. Hearing of his situation, the
father of Cervantes and the people of
Alcala raised all the money they could
and his’ two sisters surrendered their mar-
riage portions, but when the money was
brought to Dali Mami he refused {t as
being too little.

Various attempts to escape were made
by Cervantes, and later he was turned
over to the Dey of Algiers, who had him
wavily ironed and put into prison. After

ffering Many hardships and trying many

hemes to escape he was at iast ransomed,
after having been ‘mprisoned for five vears,
Penniless, he was obliged to seek military
service once more and he went to the
Azores in 1582,

In 1683 he returned to Spain, bringing
With him the manuseript of S first pas-
toral romance, “Galatea,” and probably the
first part of “Persiles and Sigismunda.”
There seemed no prospect of promotion for
him with that crippled hand blocking the
way, and he tried now to earn a living by
his pen, having “Galatea” printed in Al-
cala in 1685. It was at this time that he
married Dona Catalina de Palacios Salazar
y Vozmediano, who had l.ved near Madrid,
and fortunately possessed a little fortune,
which helped to support them

The drama attracted him now and within
the next three years he wrote twenty or
thirty plays, only two of which have been
preserved, "Numancia" and the “Trato de
Argel.” Critics agree that if the plays
which were lost are no better than these
two we can well do without them, for these
are poorly constructed, clumsy and only
vecasionally show any flashes of power

Giving up hope of making a living hy
hig pen Cervantes was glad to accept an
appointment as one of four deputy pur-
veyors to the fleet in 1588 that fleet which
Was to be famous as the Invincible
Armada, Two years later he petitioned
the King for an appointment to an office
in America, but the petition was promptly
pigeonholed, In 1592 he made a contract
to submit six comedies which were to he
“the best ever exhibited in Spain" and for
which he was to receive 50 ducats each;
but evidently nothing ever came of the
matter,

In 1595 he was successful in a literary
contest, receiving the fine prize of three
silver spoons, He had been appointed a
collector of revenues for the distriet of
Granada, but unfortunately he entrusted
the money collected to a merchant, who
absconded with it, and poor Cervantes was
sent to prison in Seville in 1597. He was
released after a vear.

Tt was while travelling from town to
town collecting the taxes that he gathered
the marvellous material which he used s5
skilfully in “Don Quixote.” He must have
noted down at this period those incidents
of the Benedictine monks mounted on tall
mules, the strollers in costume going from
one town to another, the barber with his
basin on his head on his way to bleed a

hat

 

THE ASS OF SANCHO IS LOST.

patient, the recruit with his breeches in his
bundle, tramping along the road singing,
and all those other human touches which
went to make the power and beauty of his
masterpiece in later years.

Here it was that he first sounded the
true note of his genius in a humorous
sketch entitled ‘Rinconete y Cortadillo,”
out of which “Don Quixote” was to develop
later. In fact the preface to the master-
piece seems to show that, like Bunvan, he
wrote at least the first part while !n prison.

From various literary indications “Don
Quixote” must ‘have been circulated in
manuscript or read aloud for some time
before it was firet printed in 1604. The
publisher, Francisco Robles of Madrid, was
£90 doubtful of the success of the honk
that he did not go to the expense of secur-
ing coyprights outside of Castile, but
pirated editions appearing, the rightful
publisher had to hasten a second edition in
order to protect hia literary property.
Portugal appreciated the work at once,
two publishers issuing editions before
Robles, go that he lost most of his royal-
ties there,

“Don Quixote’ grew in popularity al-
most from the first day of publication.
So early as 1607 an edition was printed in
Brussels, and by 1608 the seventh edition
had appeared in Spain. With all this grow-
ing popularity of “Don Quixote” Cervantes
did not understand that here lay his real
genius, but insisted upon trying to write
plays and novels, instead of bringing out
the second part of “Don Quixote,” which
had been promised in the first. He was
convinced that the drama was his metier:
there lay his chief ambition. He might
possibly be compared with the comedian
who insists upon playing Hamict, ignor-
ing his own greater ability to amuse.

While he at last became proud of the
success of his book, he would have traded
it in a moment for a tithe of the dramatic
laurels which came to Lope de Vega at
that time. When his publisher demanded
eagerly the second part of the book he
put him off always with the promise that
he would have it done soon. But he was
forced in self-defence to do something at
last. When he saw a litte volume printed
in 1614 and entitied “The Second Volume
of the Ingenious Gentleman Don Quixote
of 1a Mancha” tw Avellaneda of Tordesil-
las he was roused to action. He was made
all the more angry by the introduction to
this volume in which he is spoken of as
“heing old, having lost his hand, having
heen in prison, being friendless, envious
of Lope's success," &c.

At last Cervantes saw his duty, and
casting all else aside, he plunged into the
writing of the second part of “Don Quixote”
with might and main. The new volume
was printed in 1615, only a few months
before his death. He had passed through
a toilsome and adventurous life, a life of
many hardships and disappointments,
crowned with success where he had least
expected or desired it

“Don Quixote” is undoubtedly the world's
most popular work of fiction, for it has
been translated into more languages than
any other book except the Bible, and :s
read in lands which never heard of chiv-
alry or the romances which it was intended
to satirize, There must be a reason for

awings by Cruikshank and Lalauze

on a iy

 

DON QUIXOTE AND T

 

CERVANTES, TOO, IS DEAD THESE

this universal appeal Is it the farcical
character of the adventures of the hero?
Is it not rather the mixture of humor,
wisdom and wonderful knowledge of
human nature which haa endeared it to
readers of every nation? It {s atrangely
true that sage and scapegrace, man, woman
or child may read it and each one will find
what is sought.

From the very moment that he secures
his “knighthood” from the innkeeper we
follow him over hill and dale, wondering
what absurd thing he will do next and
how he will escape without breaking his
neck,

Sancho Panza, his faithful squire, the
fat foil of the long, lean knight, who so
fervently thanks God for the man who
invented sleep, is one of the greatest
characters in all fletion, the most charm-
ingly innocent of all “habes in the wood"
of this world of striving men and women
His objections to being made ruler of anv
demesne on the ground that his wife could
never attain to the proper dignity of ber
station are as simple and straightforward
aS any sentiment ever expressed by the
worthy squire,

Who that has read “Don Quixote” can
firget the battle with the windmills, the
attack upon the sheep, the awful struggle
With the wineskins, Mambrino’s helmet,
the balsam of Fierabras, how Sancho was
tossed in a blanket and all those other
unparalleled adventures of man and master
which none save a poet could ever have
imagined and act down in print? He was
really transcribing from life, and the op-
Position of the Don and Sanoho is the
opposition of fact and fancy, or reality «ni
imagination, as presented tn actual living.

Cervantes js too skilful a writer to hav
the Don and Sancho always worsted, for
then th. readers would speedily lose in
terest in the tale. so he allows a triumph
from time to time, as when Don Quixote
defeats the Biscayan knight im such &
typical fashion that he holds the memore:
of this success as his chief support in
misfortune all through the first part of the
book

He is led on, even more skilfully In the
second part, by his success against the
Knight of the Mirrors, and in the adven-
ture with the lion, and especially by his
reception as a true knight errant by the
Duke and Duchess

Poor Sancho Panza, with his eye ever
to the main chance, is encouraged also by
the treasure trove of the Sierra Morena
and the great feasting at Camacho's wed-
ding, for if there are two things that
Sancho relishes more than sleep they are
eating and gold,

Many have tried to illustrate the at-
ventures, but not always with success, for
few cared to study Spanish conditions.
Dore has been severely criticised for ple-
turing impossible architecture and. sur-
roundings as well as characters, Vierge
has done some excellent work of course,
but Cruikshank and GLalauze have struck
some splendidila sympathetic notes in their
presentations of the incidents and acci-
dents which befell the knight and his faith-
ful follower,

Tested by the appreciation of the world
by the criticism of scholars, “Don Quixote’
stands as one of the greatest of the world’s
classics, a masterpiece that does not belong
to Spain, but to all mankind, because of
the intense humanity which is in it.

ae

S hs
Sas

HE KNIGHT
OF THE MIRRORs,

se es Ay 7 i vA

,

 
     

 

DEATH OF DON QUIXOTE