ela eee arene

    
  
  
  
    

oe

Sap TTS ELE A OP

10

oe eee

 

THE VERDICT OF THE TWENTIETH CENTURY ON THE PLAYS

 
 
   
 
 
 
  
   
   
   
 
  
   
   
    
  
   
  
    
    
  
  
  
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 
 

Shakespeare and English
History

     

By GEORGE McLEAN HARPER,

Helmees Professor of Belles Lettres and
English Language and Literature,
Princeton University.

HEN a boy goes to a new school

he looks about in self-distrust

to discover what are the cus-

toms and standards of the place.
Bo in life we individuals are unable or
unwilling to stand alone. We look about
in human society, to learn the rules of the
game; we observe who are the heroes of
the school and try to form ourselves ac-
cordingly.

But actual life is too close at hand and
confused to furnish perspective and a
sense of wholeness, except to a few extra-
ordinarily clear sighted observers, and oer-
haps even they are deceived more often
than not by false appearances of sym-
metry and purpose. The self-made man
intellectually is liable to strange illusions,
because he must depend chiefly on his own
experience. His independence, whieh
strengthens his character, limits the scope
of his vision and the sopndness of his
judgment when he comes to make broad
generalizations.

From this narrowness and incapacity a
man of literary culture, even though pos-
@easing only mediocre natural powers, has
@ chance to free himself. History teaches
by examples, philosophy by precept; but,
as Bir Philip Sidney said, the poet does
both: “He giveth a perfect picture of some
one by whom he supposeth it was done;

@o as he coupleth the general notion
with the particular” example.” Prof. ,
Richard G. Moulton expressed the same

fdea when he declared, “Poetry and fic-
tion are an experimental side to the phi-
losophy of human life.” Thus it is that
the ‘poet creates; thus it is that he in-
etructs,

To do justice to this conception we
must realize what poetry is It is mot
verse. It is not merely entertainment.
It is the most complete and profound ex-
pression of personality of which man is
capable, It is thought and feeling witered
by something more than a man who
writes, by a spirit within him, not him-
eelf, which speaks in musical language.

In a large sense we can hurdly think
of poetry as, in its true inwardness, differ-
ent from puinting, sculpture, music, ar-
chitecture, elocution or dancing, which are
all expressions of human thought, espe-
elally emotional or temperamental thought.
And there is a real distinction
these arts on the one hand and the crafts
and sports on the other. The difference
iz not so much a matter of utility, as has
been sometimes urged, as of personality
and liberty.

Mechanical structures neither awaken
curiosity as to the characters and tempera-

beiween

 

ments of their makers nor reveal much
concerning them, except that they were
more or less skilful and persistent and
honest. A well built engine or a@ straight
furrow do not greatly interest us in the
Personality of the mechanician or the
ploughman; but we learn to recognize

Beethoven in his symphonies and Raphael
fn his line. For Burns as a ploughman
we have not much concern; for Burns as
a poet we care immensely. In this mat-
ter of personality the sportsman stands
half way between the artificer and the ar-
tist; his individuality does interest the pub-
lic, as any one can assure himself by read-
ing the sporting page of a newspaper.
Among all the arts, and far more than
all the sports and trades, poetry is pre-
eminent as a mode of thought, an expres-
sion of character and temperament, It
employs the most plastic, resourceful and
universal medium, since language is a
means of communication superior to color,
to tone and to material substances.
Imaginative literary art, that is, chiefly,
poetry and prose fiction, furnishes more
impressive examples of the philosophy of
Nfe than crude life itself can furnish. “Rob-
fnson Crusoe” is more memorable than
any story of an actual shipwrecked man,
the Prodigal Son than any newspaper ac-
count of a youth fallen into evil courses.
And there is a good deal of fiction, and
wery effective fiction, that passes as his-
tory; for example, the Cyrus and the So-

crates of Xenophon, and the Jesus of
John's gospel. Almost all “speeches”
recorded in history are inventions, as,

for example, the famous funeral oration of
Pericles in Thucydides; inventions, I mean,
eo far as their exact form is concerned, for
we cannot suppose that there were any
shorthand reporters present when they
were uttered.
owes its advantage as a teacher merely to
the attractiveness of its subjects. Why
ehould it be--or indeed is it—-more attrac-
tive than biography? Its advantage lies in
the fact that the author is free to select
and arrange his material in such a way as
to express his own thought and feeling
more freely than the biographer can do.
The drama possesses an advantage over
marrative fiction because the function of
drama is to represent human beings in
action, There is least chance of deception
regarding character when we see it Im ac-
tion, Character is made by action and for

action and can be understood in action
alone.

 

Sir Herbert Tree as Cardinal Wolsey and Lyn Harding as the King
in “Henry VIII.” at the New Amsterdam Theatre.

Copyright, 1916, by White.

There is eome ground for dispute
whether @ purely objective and therefore
essentially prosaic drama is more effective
as a criticism of life, or a pocticg! and
therefore more or less subjective drama.
Shall we choose, as masters of reality,
Ibsen or Shakespeare, Sophocles or Emile
Augier? I for one should expect to find
more truth, more reality, more perma-
nence, in the poetical drama, for the reason
«iven above, namely because the high pitch
of excitement on the author's part which
the composition of poetry involves renders
him more likely to reveal depths of feeling
in himself and the common ground of feel-
ing of which all men have a share. Certain
kinds of creative power may perhaps be as
fully shown in the prose drama as in the
poetic, but the full tide of passion runs
stronger in poetry.

The advantage of Shakespeare's drama,
not only over crude life, therefore, but
over prose fiction and prose drama, lies
in his power of sclecting and arranging
his material in such a way as to create a
representation or imitation of reality, and
to form a whole such as nature seldom
presents, and capable of conveying the
authors deepest thought and feeling.
Rarely if ever, im cur individual lives, is
there a day or a sequence of days filled
with a single great action fully rounded
cut and unobscured by trivial or extra-
neous @vents. Less infrequently, yet rarely
also, do we observe in actual life men and
women who stand not for themselves
alone but for classes.

The dramatist can create these untfled
actions and increase in imagination the
proportion of such persons. He can by his
processes of selection, condensation and em-
phasis bring before us the standards, rules,
heroes and examples most needed by us for
the conduct of our lives.

The eminence of Shakespeare is due to
many qualities, the interestingness of his
plots, the music of his lines, the picture
making magic of his phrases, his knowl-
edge of many things, the romantic natures
and situations of his characters, &c. His
popularity, which ia quite another thing,
and vegy great and very real, is due chiefly,
I think, to a general acknowledeyment that
his pages are filled with valuable concrete
illustrations of life and furnish, as Mr.
Moulton aptly puts it, “an experimental
side to the philosophy of life.”

In attempting to disengage some of the
moral or philosophical values of Shake-
speare’s Works we must never forzet that
he was an artist creating freely, and there-
fore primarily interested in his creations
rather than in the inferences that may he
drawn from them in a perfectly legitimate
though by him probably unforeseen way.

lie Was not a systematic philosopher, We
need not expect, therefore, that his moral
judgments will cohere as elements of a

system, though we may perhaps discover
that they cohere as expressions of an in-
dividual personality, Thes may not be sys-
tematic, but they probably will not be self-
contradictory,

1 am aware of the danger of attributing

6 THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL

 

 

Margaret Anglin as Katherine in “The Taming of the Shrew.”

to Shakespeare a personal adherence to the

views uttered by his characters, Yet keep-
ing this danger fully in mind, I believe that
it is possible to regard as really his those
opinions which are often and variously ex-
pressed in speeches of high poetic fervor,
especially when, as is often the case, he

sues out of his way to tind a place for them,
Hamlet's instruction to the players, for in-
stance, and the ethical discussions in the
first three acts of “Measure for Measure”
were introduced at the risk and expense of
pure dramatic effect.

If we may, then, tentatively and in de-

 

flance of certain critics but in close con-
formity to the habit of general readers, ask
ourselves, “What is Shakespeare's philoso-
phy of life?” the answer may be helpful.
One large division we can at once make,

Philosophy considers the relation of God
to the world and the relation of men in s0-
clety. In regard to the first of these rela-
tions Shakespeare assumes, and perhaps
for that reason does not heavily insist
upon, three principles; a divine purpose, @
divine revelation of right and wrong and @
future life. In considering the relation of
men to ono another he makes a very sharp
distinctlion—sharper than we ordinarily
make or have a right to make in real life—
between the sheep and the goats, between
men of good will and men of evil will, That
was characteristic of his time and indeed of
nearly all the Christian centuries from the
disappearance of Greco-Roman civilization
to she eighteenth century. It is a fault in
Shakespeare, and he tries to remedy it in
his later works, “Measure for Measure,”
“Alls Well That Ends Well,” “Winter's
Tale,” “The Tempest.”

Shakespeare's moral world is governed
neither by strictly Christian ethics nor
by the code of honor. The standard is
neither so pure as the former nor 80
fantastic as the latter. It is rather
faithfulness in the sphere to which a man
is born and to engagements voluntarily
undertaken. It cannot be eaid that all the
plays represent this virtue as triumphant;

Miss Helena Modjeska as Portia.

far from it. For example, in “Othello” it
certainly does not prevail, But it is upon
faithfulness as the chief of human virtues
that Shakespeare puts the stamp of his
approval--upon faithfulness and one other
quahty which makes faithfulness effec:
tive, namely a sense for reality.

It is in a measure unfortunate and
limits their usefulness as examples that
so many of his characters are reyal or
otherwise high placed personages, HKvery
kind of community lays special emphasis
upon the variety of faithfulness most in-
dispensable to it, A military community
values courage and obedience, A monastic
community values chastity, A frontier
people values enterprise and helpfulness to

 

one's neighbors, A business community
values honesty, thrift and energy, With
Shakespeare's feudal lords, kings, com-

minders and statesmen it) is personal
efidelity and class consciousness that are the
first requirements in a man of good will,

Yet we can make allowances and de-
ductions transfer ta our own sphere
much that was originally applied to them,
The unwelcome fact remains, however,
that he was often unfair to his characters
of }ow degree, considered as such, and that
aristoeratie figures predominate out of all
proportion in lis world,

It is furthermore apparent that in
Shakespeare's {deal world human beings
have not full control of their fates, Char-
acter Is not always destiny in his pages;

 

nor is it in life either, Tlis plays are not
Sunday school books, nor are they fairy
tales. But in) general persons in’ his

works who subordinate lower to higher
purposes and desires ure approved, whether
they succeed or fail, and those are dis-

 

 

16, 1916. ;

approved who do not fill their etations
faithfully.

His approadh tp life varies according
to the class of play; he has a tragic key
and a comic key. We may go further
and say that his so-called comedies are of
at least three kinds with respect to the
angle of approach to moral questions--
comedy proper, where he is humorous and
mildly satirical, yet true to life in all
that concerns right and wrong behavior;
farce, where some of the rules that govern
the game of life are supposed to be sus-
pended, and romances, where the poet is
slack In his attitude, such as the great
four mentioned above, all of them unsatis-
factory in certain features both as works
ef atagecraft and as moral atudies, except
“The Tempest,” which occupies a unique
position as his valedictory.

And then there remain the history plays,
in which he did not have his ‘hand entirely
free as regards plot, but which are most
satisfactory as studies of human char-

James K. Hackett and Viola Allen
in the banquet scene in their
performance of "Macbeth"
at the Criterion Theatre.

acter Working under conditions

im-

posed by aetuct life I have in mind par-
tieularty the English history plays, for the
Roman history plays had ther course
souk What less determined by a desire to

conform te a large and complex mass of
f - Ilutat Whe much a
a chronicler of faet,
‘if moulded the material

Wits as

  

In m “Richard WL" and “Richard
tragedics and the ‘Henry IV." and

ifenry \ plhiys are comedies; but this

frects their contents remarkably little.

 

As | studies J tind the romances and
farees loast editying, the tragedies next,
and 1} history plays and true comedies
most edifying, The history plays and true
omedies are sufficiently ideal to merit Sid-
ney s praise of poetry, and yet not too
remote from reality; closer to reality, it
seems to me, than the tragedies, The

Shakespearian mould for tragedy is, in a
formal sense, very nurrow; @ king or other
wreut personage is defeated and brought to
« violent death through the cooperation of

! external force with an internal

ay
a hoastiie

fault. “Romeo and Juliet’ is an exception,
In comedy he took greater latitude, In
history plays ereater latitude was forced

ripon him by the “facts.”

Acceptance of fact is one of the chief
ways in which a man can prove faithful;
for the intellect and the will are closely
connected, and there is great weight in the
Socratic doctrine that knowledge is virtue.
It js as much a part of our duty to seek
the truth as te stand for the truth when
we have found it. Mem of science have
heen ever forward in perceiving this rule
of the moral life, and many of them have
made wreat sacrifices in order to follow it.

The history pluys have special value as
showing in chow far Shakespeare took
pains to ascertain facets, and with what de-
gree of reverence he treated facts We
know precisely where he found them, and
can easily discover to what extent he felt
bound by them or what Hbertles he felt
justified in taking with them In writing
the history plays he was subjecting him-
self to a severe requirement; he was bend-
ing to the yoke of the actual.

The actual is different from the real.
Roth are different from the ideal, Romeo
is no Jess real than Prince Hal, Both are
ideal, also, But Prince Hal is, in addition,
ictual, Here, we perceive, Shakespeare
was restricted by his regard for the data
iin the chronicles upon whieh he based the
Henry plays, This restriction is even more
apparent in “Henry V.." where the action
is delayed and the patience of the audience
severely taxed while Shakespeare deals
“with the charges of vain ambition and

 

 

cruelty brought by history against the
King. Shakespeare was willing to risk the
success of @ great play in order to give @
hearing to awkward and almost unmanage-
able allegations against his hero.

But the history plays also gave him a
certain freedom, as compared with trag-
edies and comedies proper; the loose struc-
ture permissible in the history play allowed
him to express himself more freely than
the more conventional forms. We may
fairly look in them for a ‘more outspoken
utterance of personal opinion, especially
in scenes where he departs from his au-
thorities, for in such instances he {s his
own guide, choosing arbitrarily and creat-
ing freely.

In matters of historical importance he
shows great respect for his sources and is
xtremely scrupulous; in matters that con-
cern only human character in detail, on
the other hand, he flings history aside or
interprets it according to his own private
views, At such times the style becomes

Ada Rehan as Viola in “Twelfth
Night.”

simple and tense, and the ordinary trap-
pings of rhetoric drop off.

If we may venture, then, tosspeak of
Shakespeare's personal judgments, tliey
seem to be of two kinds, of society in
classes and of men and women as individ-
uals. The former kind are not always
broad and sympathetic, being limited by
his conception of the State as a feudal
organism; the latter kind are almost al-
ways just and sound and humane, It is
these whieh are universally approved,

Their applicability is immensely elastic.
They are vital and eternal. They serve,
and w.ll probably always serve, to enlarge
narrow experience, to cure sentimentality,
to lighten morbid gloom. His sense of
manhood values is very broad and liberal.
Saintler and more Leroic conceptions of
human life have been formed by religious
leaders and by epic poets, Odysseus, Pro-
metheus, Beatrice, Milton's Satan, even
Faustus and Tamburiane are

Shakespeare's range as being
better or worse than mortals. He
never attempted anything in this order.
But we must remember that these heroic
r religious tigures are not real, but derive
a large part of their impressiveness from
the fact that they are symbolical. Shake-
speare perhaps never, and certainiy never

Mariowe'’s
bevond
either

in a Woole hearted way, attempted to
ereate symbolic types,
Shakespeure’s genial power is nowhere

more copiously exerted than in his history
plays, nor more freely and joyously; yet
so just is thelr portrayal of the essentials
of history that for thousands of readers
they have taken the place of authentic
history and fixed the popular conception
of English polities and social life between
1377 and 1485; that is, from the accession
of Richard IL. to the death of Richard IIT.
He was really interpreting the fifteenth
eentury according to the stindards of tie
sixteenth, but we do not always stop to
think of that. In “Richard 11." he gives
us an incompetent king, in “Henry VIL" a
fanatical king, in “Richard 111." a diaboli-
cal king, in “Henry IV." an overpolitic
king, in “Henry V." a heroic king.

A nation is always governed, or tending
io be governed, in the interest of the class
which already holds the most power. In
France before the Revolution, for example,
miny iinportant exemptions from taxation
were made in favor of royalty, the nobility
and the clergy, In Germany ever since
the war of 1870 it has been and is the
officer class, the military caste, More than
ten years ago a Conservative member of
the Reichstag, defying the Liberals and
Socialists, boasted that the Kaiser could
order a lieutenant and ten soldiers to dis-
perse that body. And the laws accordingly
discryninate in favor of the officer class,
Which is composed very largely of rich
nobles. The imperial franchise is on a
three class basis, a first class vote being
worth three third class votes,

In the United States the most powerful
class is composed not of military men,
nor of the clergy, nor of titled land owners,
but of men who possess or manipulate free
eapital, From the beginning of our na-
tional history this has been the elass miost
favored by legislation,

In Shikespeare's time there sull lin-
gered the traditions of an earlier day, when
neither the milltary man as such, nor the
land owner as such, nor the capitalist as
such was the greatest power in Mngland
There still lingered the spirit of feudalism.
And in his great historical series, begin-
ning with “Richard 11,” the was reaching
back in imagination to an age two hun-
dred years earlier than his own, when
feudalism really prevailed, in full security
and splendor. The balance
the social organism, though
shift, had not wholly shifted, even in
Shukespeare’s lifetime, and the interests
of his own day prepared him to deal Vitally
With the interests of that older time,

Shakespeare's political horizon embraced
a feudal world, not vet autocratic nor the-
ocratic nor plutocratic nor demovratic, The
sovercign was not abaolute, but power was

of power in
tending to

 

one

ae,

held in varying degrees by several mutually
dependent classes. Tho king was only the
greatest among his peers, and below the
peers, with jealously guarded privriegee,
came the landed gentry, and below them,
with strictly reserved rights and duties,
came the smaller land owners, and then,
still protected from encroachment from
above, came the traders, artisans and labor.
ers. This conception is brilliantly ius.
trated in “Henry V.” in the passage where
“the state of man in divers functions” te
compared with that of the honey bees,
“creatures that by a rule in nature teach
the act of order to a peopled kingdom.”

Being an Englishman, however, with an
Englishman's characteristic sense for fac:
an Englishman's characteristic eve for yer
tonality rather than theory, Shakespear
concerned within this frame or setiing
feudalism not so much with genetic prvi
lems, the problems of classes, as with t.
problems of individual souls. As far 4
kingship went he recognized the fact th,
no man was fit for it. He felt that the task
of ruling a people was too crushing for any
one pair of shoulders, What ceught his
eye in English history was not what fives
the attention of a modern historian, 4
Froude, a Green, a Gardiner, not the story
of the English people but rather the pomps
and splendors of court life, the psycl)
of kingship and the reaction of power
human nature,

If any one entertains the t{iliwion that
political liberty is something ora
purely American acquisition jet him turn
to these four plays. He will cea jn them
how much ahead of the other peoples of
Europe our sturdy ancestors were, even tn
the sixteenth century; how far from dee.
potically England was ruled; how jealous!y
Englishmen protected their rights from the
encroachments of absolutism and how ont.
spoken they were then as now. If we can
imagine a Shakespeare living about 1598 tp
any other country he would not have been
able to put such brave words into the
mouths of common people, such considerate
words into the mouths of dukes and barons,
such humble questioning in the hearte ef
kings. The sense of responsibility waa al-
ready awake in the ruling clusses of Pre-
land, and her people have never known sud.
Jection.

As for the pomps and splendors, fasc-
nating as is his presentation of them, they
are not the subject of this paper. We are
concerned here with the steady and relent-
less gaze which Shakespeare plunged into
the hearts of kings and other human be-
ings who have thrust themselves {nto
power or had responsibility thrust wpon
them. He dallies with the subject of divine
right, can hardly get away from it, but tn
the end seems to lay it aside tn despair and
gets down to the solld bases of human na
ture,

Here he was at home. In the Jone’:
night watches by the bedside of a Hane
TV., In the prison of a Richard T7., on the
haunted coueh of a Riehard TE. he
campfire with Henry V., it is a poor hare
uncrowned figure of a man «ava cor. wr
ting with the problems that afflict all mas
Selfishness, cunning, ferocity, the tempts
tion to employ other men to gain
the whole array of sins that would dect
our fidelity to fact and to our test tdent
beset these men, and the most jg
ill paid clerk or errand bow Hyir
blank, dull life may, reading thece coarse
imagine himself a Richard or a Henry ar
live night after night like a kine or
Shakespeare, the begetter of kings

 

pon

new

our ena

     

 

Three Preeminences of
Shakespeare

 

By HENRY A. BEERS,

Professor of English Literature, Yale
University.

THOUGHT that comes Naturally
d ¢ one when reminded tha: {s {

three hundred years since Sha
speare died is the enormous growt? f
fame, In 1616 he was simply “theexce
dramatick poet, Master Wm, Shakeper
dn 1916 he is the foremost baye i poeta
the supreme dramatist of al! tie I
plays are the one lasting contri} ur
the Elizabethan stage to the lr ratut
the svorid, and Coleridge prohesied that t

 

  

 

writings of his contemporaries would
time be reduced to notes on S)) ales; are
In three particulars his po 8
assailable, He is our greats
playwright, our greatest poet t
single contributor |. the pli sos 0 g
speech, His plays have ever \ ob
played, At least twenty of ¢ i at
belong to the acted drama. tot r t
of the theatres, Several of t
Popular, are revived at intorve
thirty-seven pieces are, or wer t
given annually in Germany
But even if his plays she
shown—-a thing by no mean
since theatrical conditions
Will never cease to be read
a hundred readers for on
Shakespeare literature 9 ya-: e
textual eriticism, comment
psychological and historical,
every phase and = deta wre
What a monument to one mya ‘

the two great variorum edison
and of Furniss, «# hundred var
the latter still incomplet
but more is daily
Shakespeare, 7
In Bartlett's “Dictionary of ©
there are more than 120 pau
from Shakespeare, including
expressions now in constant u $ fit
far as household words: not: 8
tences universally current i rey
1s the soul of wit"

being w

and

nature makes the whole wor

detached phrases like ta wor Y

“a bright particular star

path of dalllanee,” “funeral i
The growth of this unesam

been steady and gradual, bu

means been exclusively the w

years, Two centuries ago |

in a well known passave t

tures the least

our fathers

will

eritielsm oon >
(seventeenth

And swear all shame js 1

In England all thro
century Shakespeare y
and more into his own. ap
becoming wider, deeper a
gent. The latter part «
made him known to
analysis of Hamlet's i
helm Meister’ was perlap
of modern interpret
cism, And now CGeor,
Danish critic, pronounces |
famous Dane in

ative S

 

more famous than Tyo ou |
senor Hans Christian And
In the nineteenth
and his fellow romanticist aN

speare to reluctant Ira ’ AE
reluctated against !

his fame-—Rymer, \

the latest and wi

G. B. Shaw
Swan,” and maintain
ligious or political yp
his picture of life is ui

whi i