‘

ee fea 28

 

VIEWS OF WELL KNOWN AM

SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1916. ot,

ERICAN:

CRITICS ON FAME OF SHAKESPEARE

The Contemporaneousness
of the Bard

By FELIX SCHELLING, LL. D.,

John Welsh Centennial Professor of Hie-
tory and English Literature, Uni-
versity of Pennsylvania.

 

 

HY do we buy Shakespeare in in-
numerable editions, cherishing
the old and ingeniously devising

read

the new? Why do we

@akespeare, quote Shakespeare and study
him, teach our children by means of him,
act him and go to see him represented and
misrepresented, whether he bring wealth
and fame or ruin to the actor? Why are we
interested In all the petty things that he is
alleged to have done or left undone, even
in ecandal about him and fabrications
about his works and their authorship?

There are at least as many answers to
these questions as there are questions like
these and more. And he is a presumptuous
inan who thinkg that he can wrest from
this Ephing of the ages the secret of his
charm, the reason for the permanence of
hie rule over the hearts and the under-
standings of al] English speaking men and
women and some more, In the ecores of
reasons that may be aagsigned for Shake-
apeare’s hold upon us I want to mention
one, and that is his contemporaneousness,
what is to us his modernity.

Modernity, as we recognize it in a great
writer, 1s not the incessant invention of
romething new and undreamed in the hal-
lIncinations of our ancestors. Modernity
consists in the continuance of a tried tra-
dition in things ‘which are really worth
while and in the application to existing
conditions of universal truths. Shake-
spearo, with all his minor difficulties, ts
really the most intelligible of all the poeta,
and that ie because he {a speaking to us in
a language, with a epirit, an attitude to-
ward al] the great essentials which ts ad-
golutely fresh and contemporary.

There are 8,500 palpable printers errers

_ In the follo editions of his playe—and yet

we can follow the genera! trend of Ghake-
epeare's thought even without the correc-
tions, wise and unwise, which scholarship
has lavisiied upon us. There are hundreds
upon hundreds of allusions to matters of
custom, manners, dress, decorum, arts,
games and methods of epeech which we
can etasp only by means of notes if we
ana fully to understand them, And yet
we are in no doubt as to the conduct of
any one of these plays or as to the trend
of any of their dialogue.

There are a thousand personages in
amas, from intricate and dificult
speaking parts to those that appear no
more than by name-—and yet each per.
sonality la readily grasped in its larger
caeentials by him who reads if not by
him who runs. There are sentiments that
anise out of hundreds of situations in these
plays, from those that move the lightest
and mest trivial laughter to moments of
fore the mysteries of life, crime,
to each of which we
because !t

these di

 

 

pause be
death and eternity,

assent,

veld un instinelive
‘Rens a truth that finds echo tn the
eart of each of t And there are scores

 

of passages in which-—if one of us is in his

 

niture a true and not a seeming man or
woman e will bumbly confess that here
su philosophy, a guidance, a justice, a
large t ve his own
T are the things in wh
we recognize Shakespeare our contemp

ry, things that keep him in some respects
ag yet Well in advance of this cruel, me-

dieval, lagging world of ours.
I le of fashion in all ages are cone
{ with externals and trivialities, the

r f dress, manners at table, er in
the prevalence of a g.ven game

on, the slang of the passing mo-

| t n

  

nen you must know as to the
nanner bern or vou sre a creature of outer
darhoess, These matters as they touch
‘gs age we have to study when we read
s eure or We are shocked that Ham-
throw himself down on the
' the feet of Ophelia in the court
Denmark and bandy a small kind of
» her that would count him to-day

at

hut when we turn to essentials, the valor
of tuen, the purity of woman, the deadli-
\ nese of injustice, not only to those who are

 

ta Sietin but to those that themselves
flit, the need of a larger charity in
Us world if we are to look to charity for

ur own frailty, the obligations of oaths,
the essential nobility of man all said and
ne—tn these things is Shukespeare as
rue to-day and as uplifting as he was in
+ own time and assuredly will be when
Myramids are a thousand yeurs older,
Should we not read our Shakespeare to-

nd eo to see him acted less in the

attit aun antiquarian examining a
riosity lately exhumed? Should we not,

! sord, read him as a poet with a fresh

a possessed of a power of certain
bidance woot from the merely immediate,

permanently essential?

His Permanence in World
Literature

By GEORGE ROY ELLIOTT, Ph. D.

Henry Leland Chapman Professor of
English Literature at
Bowdoin College.

Wi) centuries ago Shukespeare was
’ > from the particular kind of
popularity he has now, and we can-

     

id tie that two centuries

he have it, There is a spe-

4 to wave of almoet adula-

tory f ‘ i has Lifted him high dur-

‘hg wt Lundred years, We of the

a ‘ niury and after have divined

IN buahespeare'’y work a steady wholeness
or

. Veracious scale of valueg ap-
ex elements of human

ourselycs have lost and are
beer fio regain

ree squareness of outlook rose

Die t ® coniy

! ter, The centre of his char-
foley Was that prime social virtue which
as he in the world's chief men and

wh Mankind throughout history has
\been trying to develop and define. So far
‘thas won no current name (even such @
term ay “magnanimity” seems to us pare
ttal), but it may be designated clearly
enove) as a harmonious combination of
Justi e und amity, This ig the essence of
Bhakespeare's life and work. Wrong em-
Dhasis upon certain facts and traditions
concerning his external Ife and upon the
theatrical sum which floats on the surface
of his work hag constantly obscured this
essence from the genera) eye, but the gen-
eral heart and mind have divined it.

Guided by this two sided socta) virtue,
y Bhake peure was at once amiable and hon-

estly effective as a man among men, He
throve justly as popular playwright, as
Gipitalicl and ws real estate owner, Multi-
tudinouy Dussages in his dramas reveal
uch 4 true acquaintance with the various
Uractical activities of tife that commenta-

 

   

tors have imagined him as having been en-
waged in everything from gardening wp to
statesmanship. The best testimony to his
practical sagacity, however, appears in his
method of writing: his constant concentra-
tion of his main energy upon episodes,
scenés and characters which he was best
fitted by nature to develop, and at the same
time his most un-Hamletian capacity for
plodding straightforwardly through those
parts of his stories which were inherently
uncongenial to him. Both tn active and in
social life he wae “gentile” and “honest” in
the richer Elizabethan sense of these terms.

The Shakespeartan drama ig simply this
character at ite highest pitch, deeply con-
templating human life and projected
through the medium of an unparalleled gift
for expression in words. From the stand-
point of his prime social virtue Shakespeare
was able to see life squarely. Portia’s
verses on mercy seasoning justice are one
among a hundred instances of hie ethica)
thinking. But his complete outlook does
not appear in his best passages: it is in the
veary warp and woof of his plot weaving
and character patterning. Considered thus
as an organic whole, the best of his dra-
matic work In history plays, comedy and
tragedy reveale a maximum of the moral
forces which centre in amity, in harmo-
nious fusion with a maximum of those
which centre tn Justice,

We derive from this work the {deal of
a human character nourished in true pro-
portions on “the milk of human kindness”
and on the clear passion for Social right-
eousness: possessing “a noble and a true
conceit of godlike amity” and perceiving
that “what poor duty cennot do noble re-
spect takes it in might, not merit”; but
at the same time keenly realizing that “to
be honest, as this world goes, ie to be one
man picked out of ten thousand,” that tn
many fespects the world is still “an un-
weeded garden,” and that “in these cases
we still have judgment here,” “here upon
thia bank and shoal of time.”

The inherent squareness of Shake-

Richard
Mansfield as
Richard III.

Vhoto by Brown Bros

Robert Mantel!
“King John.”

Edith Wynne Matthison as Katherine in “Henry

speare's outlook was fostered by the age in
which he grew to maturity, The structure
of medieval life, with its marvellous unity
of design, still stood intact, though every
recesa of it, political, social, religious and
intellectual, was flashing with new lights.
The Shakespearian drama is a replica of
this oid iMlumineted castle, informed by

at
=

Shakespeare’s mind and art. After his day
the castle iteelf took fire from fte new
lights, and was gradually demotished, In
its place we have been swiftly piling up
new and various structures; the ensemble
{es more intricate and wonderful than the
old building, but it fe heterogeneous and
incomplete.

We have lost forever the primitive unity
of the castle and have not yet fully learned
the design of our great city. In our beat
moments of eelf-understanding we are con-
scious that the deepest laws of socia) ar-
chitecture are the same for al] ages. Hence
the relief, hence the feeling of guidance
and interpretation, which we experience
when we pace the court yards, lift our
eyes in the tapestried hall and mount the
firm battlements of Shakespeare, We find
in him the archetype or original harmony
of modern life, and it edumbrates for us
the larger and more complex harmonies
we are seeking; thus we read into Shake-
speare our own deepest social meanings,
meanings which he did not consciously in-
tend and yet truly suggesta

The tercentenary commemoration is
etimly appropriate to the present climaz
of the drama of modern history. We may
realize our need of Shakespearian square-
ness more especially at a time when the
diseordant epecialisme of the nineteenth
century have clashed out into the world’s
greatest war.

Theso specialisms have tended to cumu-
late at two poles: the one, naturalistic
rationalism, drawing support from indus-
triallsm, from scientific materialism, from
socialistic atheism and from aristocratic
militarism; the other, irrational and often
mystio idealism, drawing support from
abnorma] individualism, from vaporous
religious and literary cults and from the
thin, uninformed visions of democratic
pacifism and humanitarianism Such gen-
eral drift of these epectaliams has appeared
strongly, though with differences of em-
phasis, in all the leading nations, includ-
ing our own. In Germany a new and

in

 
 
   

  

 

Photo by Alice Boughton.

VI.

vigorous nationality was able to draw both
main sets of specialisms to itself, deriving
a marvellously efticlent body from natural-
istic rationalism, und a sort of demli-soul or
halo for this from Irrational mystic ideal-
ism. Germany has thus both interpreted

and set on fire the aincteenth century
world.

= ‘ont atonaniienians

With some of our epectalisms gone up in
battle smoke we may see more clearly the
true path, which they littered and partly
blocked, namely the path of social amity
and justice harmoniously combined. This
path passes clearly through that epitome
of human social and political relationships
which we call the Shakespearian drama.
Here all specialisms are subordinated to
the full working out of human character
and eubjected to the test of amity and
Justice; each therefore assumes its proper
piace in the ecale of human values. Here
we find love of the best fruits of peace,
but no pacifism; stern joy in the best
fruite of war, but no militarism; richest
appreciation of the individual harmonised
with a truly eocia] standpoint; immense
preoccupation with worldly life and with
the question of human responsibilities,
illumined with the conviction that

“There's @ divinity that shapes our enda,

Rough-hew them how we will”

*Protean’’ His More Ex-
act Epithet

By HARRY LYMAN KOOPMAN,

Librarian and Professor of Bibliography,
Brown University.

Sea th {s called the “myriad

      

minded,” the “thousand gouled,"
and we have accepted these ex-
Pressions as metaphors framed by
the imagination to assist us in measuring
his genius; but in the light of modern
psychic revelations these terms tako on a

 

Forbes-Robertson as Hamlet.

hew and sturtling character of literalness.

Shakespeare was indeed a single person-
ality, but one capable of almost infinite
divisibillty by dissociation. TVrotean would
be @ more exact epithet; but Proteus--
like the ancient Germanic skin changers--
never took on more than one form at once,
Shakespeare could dissociate a pair or a
vroup of personalities ut the same time
and pit them one ugainst the other In a
battle of wits or wills, his central person-
ality all the while sitting by and noting
down their words and actions,

These personalities he could body forth
and withdraw at his pleasure, and he
never confused them. They may be men
or women, superhuman like Ariel, or sub-
human like Caliban; they may press the
bounds of sanity with Hamlet, or pass
tnem with Lear; they may grow like Prince
Hal, or degenerate like Angelo; but they
are never confused one with another;
even the two sycophants, Osric and Os-
wald, are distinct individuals,

Dissociation of personality in authorship
is probably far more frequent than !s com-
monly realized. Browning, the club man,
the diner oul, wus a totally different pet
son from the author of the “Ring and the
ook," so different that a ludy who kuew
him deseribed him to the writer as a com-
bination of Jekyll and Hyde. More slar-
tling waa the case of William Sharp, whose

Fiona Macleod wrote books that his most
intimate friends never suspected to have
come from his pen; even the printer
would not have guessed it, for the hand-
writing was as individua) as the style.
From such a case to that of automatic
writing—including such supposed epirit
revelations as Thomas Lake Harriss
poetry—te but a step, even if the two be
not identical

One wishes that one could have a
glimpee at the original manuecript of
Shakespeare’s playa, to ete if the effront-
ery of Faletaff and the innocence of Mi-

Shakespeare composed
aloud, one would like to have compared the
two voices in which Imogen uttered her
devotion and Timon his curses. Dickens,
as we know, could call up spirits from
the vasty deep of his personality, but he
could not always lay them at will; ao he
would sometimes dash across the street
or dodge around a corner to avoid meet-
ing one of his characters who asserted
existence against his authors protest. We
may guess that Shakespeare ruled hie
spiritual offspring with a sterner hand,
saying to each, as he closed the book of
its remembrance, So much of life shalt
thou have and no more,

Shakespeare has been ealled the least
autoblographic of writers. Even in the or-
dinary acceptance of the term this judg-
ment will hardly hold; but if we regard
each of his myriad characters as an
emanation from his own personality, his
plays, taken together, form one vast mul-
tiple autobiography.

Iivery figure that he sets on the stage
{s a Shakespearo manque. We look at

the lofty browed Droeshont portrait, then
turn to Falstaffs “tun of man,’ and see
ho resemblance, But what is Falstaff but
Shakespeare, retaiming the wit and inven-
tion with which he overcame Ben Jonson
in their merry encounters, but leaving out
the moral sense, the high mindedness and
the purpose in life that made Shakespeare
the prince not of roisterers but of poets.

At the other extreme, how nearly {ts the
epeculative Hamlet the whole of Shake-

peare! Take away his fatal puzzle of the

will, substitute a brown doublet for his
inky cloak and set Hamlet down in
Bread street, and the Mermnald would hail
him as Shakespeare, Prince Hal may be
called autoblographic {n a narrative sense,
for does he not enact in the flerce Heht
that beats upon a throne Shakespeare's
own youthful follles and his manly re-
demption of them?

But what of Shakespeare's women? A
foolish criticism asserts that the female
characters of masculine authors are sim-
bly men masquerading in petticoats, Mrs,
Jamieson lony ago refuted this charge {n
advance when she chose for the source of
her, “Characteristics of Women" not real
life but the heroines of Shakespeare,

She found his Cleopatra not only a
woman but the real historical Cleopatra—
the “Rare Egyptian’ -——individuwized and
placed before us. With her compure his
Cordelia; one, the vampire, whom few men
strong enough to attract her would have
the additiona) strength necessary to resist,
and the other the embodiment of all that

men in their noblest moods dream of
woman, But neither is written about, de-
scribed, depicted; each lives and moves

before us, an emanation brietly lent for our
enduring wonder from the glowing orb of
Shakespeare's multiform personality.

What are all the callings and profes-
sinna that mpecialists have aacrihed to
Shakespeare but a tribute to the actuality
of his personalizations? Gilbert has satir-
ized them without exaggerating their num-
ber:

“The bard playwriting in his room,

The bard a humble lawyer's clerk,

The bard a lawyer—-parson-—groom—

The bard deer stealing, after dark,

“The bard a tradesman—and a Jew---
The bard « botanist--a beak—-
Tho bard a skilled musiclun too

\ sheriff and @ surgeon eke!

Shukespeare was not one or another of
all his characters, but each was a part of
Shakespeare, thrown out into visibility,
luke @ prominence on the sun's orb, and

E. H. Sothern as Hamlet and Julia Marlowe as Ophelia.

 

 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 

 

then withdrawn. But did ever the sun of
Shukespeare grow weary of ereation out
of its own substance llenry Morley uses

the expression that Shakespeare died aa

old man wat ftifty-tw burned ils
creative efforts,

This would seem a just statement, for
the strain of repeating a s e dissociate
tion destroyed Woliinim Sharp oa fty.
Shakespeare at ferts ‘ eom have
felt that he had reached the limit of his
physical endurance, and in “The Tem-
pest,’ the last of lis plas he sets fore
Us a central Meure that oby 1 m-
self, and after a surp ny triumph of
imagination, tn which at each end of the
scale he transcends the marrow imut of
human mature, he dismisses bts spirtr
actors, abjures his maui hreal his siaff
and resolves to go into retirement, where
every third thought shall be his grave
Thus, as Prospero, does Shakespeare at

once confess his art and resign tt.

A Scandinavian Critic's

 

Estimate
In “WitttaM ShHAkesrrany, a Ci AL.
StTupy

By GEORG BRANDES.
AV ISL

HAKESPEARE his ed peculiar
and loving care upon

tie ticure of
Portia.  b& in the circumstances

in which she {ts placed at the outset and

 

in the conjuncture to wWlieh Shylock’s
bond gives rise there is a touch of the
fairy tale, In so fur (he two sides of
the action harmonize well wilh each other,
Nowadays, Indeed, we are aj find
rather too much of the nursery story tn
the preposterous will by wii Portia ts
bound to marry whoever divined e very

simple answer to a riddie—to the efle t that
a showy outside is not alway: to be trusted
The fable of the three caskets picasea
Shakespeare 60 much as a tnenns of ex-
Pressing and enforcing his hatred of al
empty show that he ignored the erotesque
Improbability of the method of selecting a
bridegroom.

His thought seerns to have been: Portia
is not only nobly born: she is thoroughly
genuine, and can therefore be won only by
A suitor Who rejects the show for the sub-
stance, This is suguested in
long speech before making citi,
?) If there ts anything that Shakespeare
hated wilh a hatred soimewiat disproper-
tionate tu the triviality of the mutler, a
hatred which finds expression in every

assanio's

his choice

weir 28 ahs pea ORGD. 5

Mia eaten Rew ele ao

  
   
  
    
  
  
   
 
  
    
  
  
  
 
  
 
   
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
   
    
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
  

Henrtetta Crosman as Mistress
Page in “The Merry Wives
of Windsor.”

stage of hie career, it !s the use of rouge
and false hair. Therefore upon
the fact that Portia’y beauty owes nothing
to art; with others the case ts different:

 

he insist

Look on beauty,
An@ you shal) see ‘tis purchas’d by the
weight;
fo are those crisped anaky golden locks,
Which make such wanton gambols with the
wind,
Upon supposed fairness, often known
To be the dowry of a second head,
The skull that bred them, In the sepulehre.
And he deduces the inoral:
Thug ornament ts but the guiled shore
To a most dangerous sea,

In epite of Portia's woman'y velt-sure
reuder in love vhere !s something tnde-
pendent, almost masculine, in her charaece
ter, She las the orphan heiress’s habit
and power of looking after herself, direct-
ing others and acting on her own respon-
sibility without seeking advice or taking
account of convention. The poet has bore
rowed traits from the Italian novel in ore
der to inake her as prompt in counsel ag

eit

   

 

  
 

 

 

     

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

e is magnanimous How much money
dees Ar io oWe? she ash Tliree thoue
sand ducats? Give the Jew six usapd
and tear up the bond.

Shakespeare has equipped her with the
bright and Victorious temperament with

henceforth, for a ceriin time,
hearly all the heroines of his
come To another of these idtes tt is
said, “Without question, sou we born in
a tberry hour.” She answers, "N sure,
einy Lord, my mother cried, but then there
Was a stur danced, ¢ ider that I was
born.’ Ail these yo women were born
under star that danced. Even the most
subdued of them overiiows with the rape
ture of existence

Port.a’s nature is health, its utterance

Radiant happiness ia ? lement
She is descended from happiness, she as
rrewn up in happiness surrounded
with a’l the r f hap-
piness, and she t tea inp ness with
both hands =) is noble to the heart's
s ‘ duek-
incon rr with her

131 1

The « at ‘ i however,
iy the eye of mide reader: and
* tors, is of Shyioek, thuugh
there can be mo du ‘at he appeared to
Shakespeare's cont connie pere-
sonage, and, since he ikes his Anal exit
before the last act, by no means the pro-
tagonist. In the humanher view of a later
age Shyk apt 8 & 4 pathetile
creation, a scapegoat, a victim; to the
Hilzabet p wi r solty) and
his mils: rliness, his usury and ! Pugerne&s
to dig for another the pit into which he
himself falls, he seemed, mot but
hud They Aid not even tike him
seriously enough t feel an rea neusi-
hess us to Antonio's fate they al
knew beforehand the issue of the advene
ture They jauched avt Went to
Bussanio'’s feast “in bate, to feed upon the
prodigal Christian’: they laughed when, ia
the scene with T le sufferer neelf to
be bandied ubout between exultation over
Anton w misfortunes and r ver the
prodigality of his ru r, and
they found him odtous whe evclaimed,
“DT would my daughter were dead at my
foot and the fewels in Yr ®@ar He was
HmMply as au Jew, a despised creature ha
wlonzed tuo the race w id erucitied
Grod himself, amd he wa sed
48 ah eXtortionate usurer we the rest
the Kiuglish pu like Norwesian
public so lately as the first wf of this
eentury--had no acquaintance \ Jews,
except in books of omy the tae From
1290 until the middle of the seventeenth
ventury the Jews were entir ly excluded
from) Iengiand Every pre} sinst
them was free to flourish umebecked

Did Shakespeare tin a eertalr easure
share thir relist prejud s as he
foema to have shared the pu prejue
Gices against the Maid of Crleat it, ine
deed, he is responsib'e for part she
plays in Henry VI’ We wnav be sure that
he wis Very slightly affected t them. {f
nt all Wad he made a more oundiseulsed
effort to place himself at Shy'ock's stande
potrt, the censorship oon the ne hand,
would bave intervened, w n the otner
hand, the public would have been bee
wWildered and a ted It is quite tn the
spirte of the age that Shvteci ild suffer

e punishment whi ta mn. = 6To
poe him out for hi f necked vengefule
ness he is winuleted mot only f the sum
he lert Antonie but of half bis fortune,
and {s finally, like Marlowe Jew of Malta,
compelled to change hig religion. The lat-
ter detail gives something of a shock to
the meudern reader. But t! Tespect for
personel cot When ft conflicted with
urthoudonsy, cid au ‘ L in Shakespeare's
ume,