SEVENTH SECTION SPECIAL FEATURE || .
TWELVE PAGES g THN. : SUPPLEMENT ”

—_ a . oe ae See m = : ; en ene. pant

NEW YORK, SUNDAY, APRIL 16,

i

 

1916.— Copyright, 1916, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

--

 

- ~ - es coe ae

HE PACIFIST VERSUS THE MAILED FIST

Peace at Any Price Arguments Fall Anarchy and Chaos Would: Be the
Before Logic of Government, Ultimate Results of Disarma-
Says Henrv Breckinridge ment, in His Opinion

do not insist that society be without by the hand of man at one time—
police protection because none can Ung high upon the prow of the Ship
of State--a warning, a challenge, a

command to all the sworn servants
may rob the house or who the par- of the

This, the second of Henry Breckinridge’s articles on prepared-
ness, comes at a time when the perilous position of our forces in
Mexico is pointed to by the advocates of adequate defence as clinch-
ing evidence of the nation’s military weakness in the face of even a
slight emergency. When no.man can predict what new complications

tell Who is the particular burglar that

State. “Provide for the coms
ticular thief to steal one’s goods or mon defence’-—that is the command
who the particular forger to falsify a Of the preamble, and, among other
things, all that is afterward written
and enacted in that great instrument
is for the carrying into effect of the
pacifist wishes to leave us open to purpose announced in the preamble,

the assault of any envious, ill disposed Every member of Congress takes an
oath to support the Constitution of the
United States, Every executive officer

a day. or an hour, may bring forth the question of what the nation is
doing to meet any possible emergency is in the mind of every citizen.
In this article Mr. Breckinridge attacks the pleas of the pacifists and
points the road to which the policy of disarmament must lead.

check. Yet when it comes to our in-

ternational relations as a nation the

 

] By HENRY BRECKINRIDGE, police offiver as to whether or not you

Formerly ' Assistant Seeretary of were driving too fast,
War. If the judge accepts the testimony

or ambitious Government that may

find it to its fancy or interest to as- ‘ ;

of the national Government takes an

© obtain @ comprehensive view of the officer instead of yours and fines sail our policies or our possessions. oath to support the Constitution.
‘ you you do not pay the fine because

of the great problem of na- It is the duty of the national Gov- Thus no pacifist could conscientiously

you think the judge's decision just rament t srotect al ur interests take the oath of office unless he in-
tional defence we must com- J ernment to protec all our i

but because he will put you in jail if from assanit from without, as it is the tAded, within his sphere of aetivity
mence at the bottom and work up. ji bie : and responsibility, to “provide for the
you do not pay— because he has at his duty of all government to protect our

We must understand sometbing of the ‘i 4 ee common defence.” There is no end of
disposa| all the organized force in the at “re § . ‘
philosophy underlying the matter, . ’ m legitimate interests from assault from jatitude for difference of opinion as to

community to bring to bear upon you ‘thi his , xi ven | mile at it : ‘
the legal foundations = on which y ’ within. This duty would exist even if the details of the plans that are to
to coerce you into submission to hi j wer } i »Con- provide for the common defence, but
we must build, the domestic and inter- nothing were said about it in the Con- | , a ‘
orders, Behind the judge are the po. It a disarmer in the halls of Congress or

Ae ; tituti » Uni Sti is
national conditions to be met. Also stitution of the United States, 8

d lice, the sheriffs, the militia. and af in the seat of the executive power ts
awe must know something of military
wl need be, the army of the United Stave
% history and the organization and train-

a duty that inheres in all govern- ‘

‘ one Who break* his oath
ment and is that which distinguishes phe Constitution confers upon the
sie od intbtary foneeh en are collected by a threat o government from anarchy. Federal Government express authority
The pacifist is opposed to the use of force, by @ threat that your property The man who urges and argues that tO make war, There is no limitation

Will be seized if the tax is not forth-

4 invar on this authorit Congress is authote

force in the settlement of international ‘ ' the national Government should not ; : i
coming, and such seizure by moans of pre ‘ ; L ized to declare wary to provide and

disputes, He thinks that resort should organize sufficient power to protect a onthe :
tax sales is no unusual thing Maintain a navy; te raise and support

he hod solely to reason, He does not the legitimate interests of American armies; to provide for calling forth the

citizens and the American nation in) yy)

One of the most element, reasone
te} us what to do in case reason fails, tia to execute the laws of the
for the developanent of orderly gov.
He does nol take inte aceount the ex-
; y ernment in the world out of a state
tent to which all stability in society is
el of savagery wos the necessity of co
based on force

international relations is in the same Union, suppress insurrections and re-

class with the man who argues against Pel invasions; to provide for organize

ing, armin the militia

 

the upbuilding of gyvernment in the
operation to use force against ani nal-
Whatever may be the extent to

 

7 and for governing stic rtoof them
domestic field to protect legitimate in-

#S Mev be eniploved in the service of

or men or both that rendered life and

@hich the forces of morality and rea- terests of property and of life. ia ine United States, reserving to the
woperty unsafe. And to-day one of
san contribute to the existence of peace BECHEET at sa a professes a belief in the abandonment States respective» the appointment
$ e gre: yurpose of all gov arnt > : 4% : . '
and order in domestic affairs. it is cer- the great purpose of all gqvernme of the fundamental protective funetion of the office@s and the authority of

in the werld- local, provincial er na

 

, he ‘
°@ tainly a fact that organized force of government in a tield where that timing the mist

tional—-is wrotection of the ister- discipline prescribed by Congress:
pars a very important part. The x is the pr etiop of the ia protection is absolutely essential ios ris i j ‘ '
exte, sperty ; life ‘tigen s ‘ ie States are denied the power to
Hileeenated paliceman is the aymhol of t POPES TS and f citizens b might arm myself to deal with th

keep troops or ships of war without
yan
in
to deal with the armed power of a Such immine st danger as will not ad-

es j rest oP ran- :
the oraanmized foree behind the laws SESry! ultimately_teating on orzar vecasional ruffian who invades my just yy. consent of Congress, ar ¢
’ ° * ” ¢
and regulations of government. In ized force for power. The meusure'o

 

rights at home I could never hope war unless sectuativ invaded,

‘ ; ve j t ° f thi ure
front of the War Department at Wash- the relative importance o ie

pose is the amount of the budzet for

 

 

ington there is a captured Spanish foreign Government that attneked ma mit ¢ jean T ' male

’ f , nite of he fire in-my life or property So with ree the President the commander in chief

annon manufactured in the sixteenth SOUFtS and departments of health, fire b a ‘dat : ,
lie { ritjes ' ¢ yvre spect to the issue ¢ national defenen of the arms ad navy of i" nite
4 century, It is a very ornate affair, RNG POHEE ABN CHIRR): ANG IaP Coane the disarmer is) nothin more und States, and of the miitia of the seve
slahorately decorated with designs in #!mles and navies in the fleid oc n et 4 ae ; ;
. r nothing less than an anarchist eral States whe eed ttiter tlhe actual
4 : ; , t ‘ ; ; ‘ ; 5

bronze. On ft is inscribed this motti; on! gevernmen But the Constitution of thee United service of the United States
“Vitima Ratio Regum," the last argu- SNe but an anarchost wol ace States doe ea good deal te | My reader may | t » this
that force shor tote resorted say concerning the duty of the ma- ar e T have } red overmuch to
ment of kings. However crude and ‘at foree shoutd not tw ba ; ys . . ’ ‘

t t ; “ry t t , t ‘

j > affair f Psile gover ant tional Government ta defense he nie raise up n idea f materialism and
brutal this may sound to our ears it ‘” the affairs of domestic government tion. You will recall the preamble to force. Nothing is farther from my in
contains at least the truth that hu We have no societies of Internal paci- ihe C ‘tt RG , ; rae tee ; a ta he

; ; x e Constitution: “We, the people of fention. Foree wit! t morality j n-
Manity not yet has been able to free Asis organized to do away with po- the United States, in order to form dependable and temporal, The things
tself from dependence on force in the Nee forces and fire departments on t! a more perfect Union, establish fus- that are unseen a te But Lib-
conduct of its affairs ground that they are wicked envoord - tice, insure @omestic thamquillity. pu erty must armed te protect herseif

: : ‘ A , Vide for the common defence. promote from. despotian Righteousness must
To take a Vv le ing oa oe mMems of bartal force, and by thelr '
, ke a very simpie ir wane ¢ ; ; ; the general welfare and seeare ¢ ' rmed for safet vais cht
every day life: When driving down the Very existence encourage erime are blessings of Hbherty to ourselves apd cous de ment muse be armed
street in a motor car you do net keep devastation by fire. our pesterity, do ordain and estat for prate Nn asainst impotence and
Within the speed limit because you The people who profess pacifism this Constitution for the United States nana Foree nist De subordinated
think the speed regulation reasonable, i) international relations ¢and Dy paci- of America.” “Provide for the comet aN) Liberty must not he sold to
1 ¢ mon defence.’ There it is that © militarisn But we must “provide for
" Stand necessary, You do it because fis! mean a bevever in peace a § \ ; ;
; ' ' issue of national defence finds tts ‘ minon defence And unless we
You Know vou will be hated into court @oy price and in) national disarma- birth—-bodied forth in the preamb provide adequately we do not provide
tl fined if you are caught exceeding ment) do not coniend that life and ; to the gre eharter of our liberty aia!
. “DEFENCELESS AMERICA.” ; male ;
‘He cimit and breaking the regulation, property be left unprotected from as- Pai é b M Fl f h ? Cc te dustplal d ini i can te 1 N 1 Cc Iti that Gladstone pronounced to be the fan ah k 6 Printing
ainte dy ames Montgomer ag or the campaign on industria repareaness delng conductec y tiie ava Oonsulting ae baked sateiiment ever at +} wy a Hihtishin: ariniinn
You may have a difference with the sault by ruffans and criminals. They : y J * y BS pag prep 5 ’ : S greatest instrument ever struck off bid Puolst iss )

Board.

 

OUR TROOPS IN MEXICO, WHERE NEARLY ONE-HALF THE ENTIRE MOBILE ARMY IN THE UNITED STATES IS HUNTING ONE MAN.

At the left—Cowboy scouts with the Pershing expedition, At the right—The halt for mess. The American forces in Mexico number about 12,000, strung along a line of communications: of 500 miles. It is estimated they are outnumbered by

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Carranza soldiers four to one. Phutos, copyright, Unde A & Underwood
age vo ° ° tr
—— —————————_— -S A el Rae ————— a
- oO ere: oe ne ree ee: SCeMDER+-c090> + MpeCGEENntee wuimeeen « i Ca ESI IEEPERSESIDS SomEires bon CNN SL aaa eae a ee PSP a LTS ore
eS ——- T eam . . So - — : -- oe ee - aa
basis y 6 vs af s

 

 

 

. , » ‘ ,
RS I. el CNN ee | epee: a wall teres