THE SUN, SUNDAY, _APRIL

; eae 7 __._.__ THE SUN, SU

THE STORY OF TAMMANY

16, 1916.

 

re

 

 

 

 

Pocasset Club, Twenty-eighth Assembly District. “we

Seated (left to right)——James O. Farrell, Hubert J. Treacy, H. Warren Hubbard, Nicholas J. Hayes, leader; Patrick J. Hynes and Peter H. Me-
Donald. Standing (Jeft to right)--Mark Levy, Thomas A. Scotillo, James M. Vincent, Joseph A. Brady,

    

   

  
 

    

   

 

 

     

 

   

   

 

   

 

   

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

   

    

  
 
 

 

 

Peter J. Quigley, Edward J Kelly and Thomas J. Dougherty. ‘
a AMIN AN Y'S N {= THOD OF % i tieth Assembiy district run from 106th casset Club. It was built for club purs ne one on his dostriet should have #& suit Aight Hagan Was de the
| . ‘ . hen . . * re clistris lub
4 | _ iv to 119th street, from Park avenue to! poses and contains buwling alleys and) preference ever a tnan from Mother Vietor Att unt time tive dis
To. T TS [the Fast River, There are seventeen) pool and billiard tables as weil as card distvie! Wien Ue ploce sought was fouse was on f Oram otis avenue, Woiet
i . } } . fr ho} he i } sar ar ’ ‘ pepesent
PI¢ KING | | S C ANDIDA i ES. election districts, and three of the cap- tables, connected wilh a vilice of which he Tlagan sot cer a mt in ut
> t r Wa secured,
|tains are Etalians who look alter the When Mr, Hayes was Fire Commis- ) Was in chars oe v oa i
7 . ’ + “. ’ 7 the hie aypit i wai ’ sé t cal of-
HAT influence does a Tammany Hal! district leader bring to bear on | Italian constituents of the leader. The sioner the beard of vernors of the Mr. Hayes aeons that his territory : snide ae . \ ypied “4
‘ j » > ‘es an > nil'a | a aia dh ‘ + aPie t has wit 'eooorderys mons poor pease sanization teadel be “ways '
the nomination of Democratic candidates for political office? Has | “istrict includes W ard's and, Randall's) club passed a resolu ion refusing to is W " " 7 iF } ta ‘ son iniak ea touta at
th 1 ful leader creat 1 islands, whose residents vole in the permit firemen and pollecniuenm to bes fee and ot shout oF charity ; ver eee saad
e more powerfu ead zreater influence and more success in} Eleventh election district. The Little come members, It was argued that ig dispensed 4 tubho oe surrou : ] b; ; iten
the picking of candidates than the leader not so well known? These) Italy section is densely populated, ard. complieations would be avoided by "Wo do not tel about of charities | ants Me is a sii : ray Leet
: + : : hata tie tt an i . sa} os apout) his voic has toe eng & rat
ave questions which often perplex persons not familiar with the methods of /in one block the population is 3,000. this ruling, Of course the rule did iy heres” was ces as wens a aa ; 1 t i resen j , t :
: vg k . > 1!%h 1 . ~ ‘ ‘s ; is ph his etri work j makes S jp Wese ‘ KNOW ’ i!
ihe organization. That is the block bounded by 1 2thand not keep firemen and policemen out » ai ae Bcd <bareat} its a Wok af itie whiner
The mea of lidat fi fH fi = ' ! 1 113th streets, Firs: and Second ave- of the clubhouse and they were wives At ose eves Gees HOt NO! pal | ‘ os ; ‘ , :
é‘ | € ry ootice " at rectly Pp atten- . ' ‘ ; : (Pt. l Se0 ‘ ‘ ie Ye sort eh lhae ces thie ' ‘
le names candidates for ee are rst 3 ought directly to the atten nues. Concerning the Italian popula- bearings like any other eal “ y ’ oe ‘ i a wh 5 . u ; te mt : rf eae 4
tion of the machine or organization itself at the meetings of the executive tion Mr, Hayes said: ume to see the Jeader of the district.) fflubh } won AS Poe een pacer ees “ fc tl
. . . ‘ : + 4) 1 oss fas often startied.  Tivere are wo oehub
committee. The names are handed in by the district leaders, There is no set ‘As regards politics the [tulti of , Hayes, however, always insisted Ul eee by Vic ret Hhikan’s manage
} riet give » litde tr . , bss SRST ELS att pecs - BG
period of the year for the presentation of such suggestions, They may be his district give me litte trouble. it ee anon esses emiaieoncemih ment of his political district
: ' ‘ ‘ ‘ , s true we have had a gre tunber of ' '
affered at a meeting in the middle of the summer—for the executive committee | #8 the We have had a great _munh When his newly ected committe
murders in this section, but the class ME | {, AG AN: | ONG A Lametecnnt ‘ited ¢ ska ises
. ; i . = nn 7.6 ‘ ‘ we . - ne an maahines Tew GQaeyas aie
meets in Winter and summer, and in all serts of wetter yoat any other time of people Who commit these crimes J A SF roat Gaon Vi ahel re he ;
a leader considers favorable, Nor is it necessary that the candidate should be not known to us. They do not belong }- been duly choserf as the executive
; Leek ‘ | been duly “Those us t \ live
nated just prior to election The term of the Mayor in New York city is four to political ciubs and do not give their POLIT [ ICAL \V AR a IORS {Member of the district lie made his
years, and it is not infrequently the case in Tammany Hall that candidates are Re Pon LOT RI OOS: ‘ oe i a i nmittes whose | Customary speech of thanks, In the
wr association a large Membership of | ° ¢ > whe 1s e has a lecture cer 4 ourse P isin sminpricn | 4 vi
considered’ several years before the convention at which the nomination t8 tie native Italian’. and they are ovat NE political warhorse who |} | ohet nae hate saaatiner dudes (SUree- ene a rks he said he hoped
ae ; ; aca Mi i eee ween ean i his way to a place | SUeerins 1° St ene eas that he Weuld be more sagseious in
made. This is called “grooming the candidate for office. and respected by every club member en te ARDY Ala Way fo 6D) | voemas CoP Crain. Per nine months | © political affairs of the district, but
* : s ‘ : Soar cils o iar waits i ny ai ali ‘ { ‘ st ’ t
Fach district leader is of course anNXious to be sponsor for as many suce This class does not get into trouble of authority in the oe S ¢ in the year oa ‘ture is given every | jeided, that he would be just as
‘ ; v . sk . or ai " { . ‘ : a s J. agan : ight iy ] yee tings roi of ee
cessful candidates as possible. If it brings nothing else, success in such mat- pie they seldom as , the leader py do Tammany Hall is Jame £eN.) Monday me 1 om meet n i ri wt noisy. +
ous = lem in any sert of litigation, hey sec a . j 8 } the Ustrict Hietetpeits ais cen “te t have anv , : eom-
ters shows political wisdom and foresight on his part. He presents the name iio wood people." ' ¥ executive member in’ the Fifteenth | qidke ate TBH Veka:. i eetre con Ivf have anything to say, any com
of hi didate to tl ther dist t leaders, He explains why he believes the | BES SOOM PeCpie: “ ; Assembly district. Ile has been a n 4 Be ee ioe i 5 1 ra ment to make, you are going to heal {
of his candidate to the other disirict leaders, eX s y ne . | Mr, Hayes said that his district has , eS a in that! Preparedness Many well kuownh! ip ang steaight from the shoulder, too,”
condidate deserves the honor of the nomination and sets forth his qualificas | the smallest vote of ary Assembly dis- | /eader for fourteen years and in thé | politicians have given the voters the) og iho way he expressed it,
rot | ‘ ‘ ‘ of t ° p g 1 le ' Tit oof ei oe erence ic oy n
tions for office and his ability to make a vigorous and successful campaign. trict in Manhattan, the ave regis. time has had to engage in two hard | a fii ft th a NIP Hy an publ loere are two meetings in the «
atic being 1 4400 vas the t hot ‘ ) is |} talks to them yese lectures are al roh Week n s the political
The candidate is thereupon subjected to a close study, @f course he is not | WH#tien being only 9.4 It was the tles, both of which he won. Tis ks to : oe o week. OMe ds the potitiea
E ' first distriet to send an tiactan te \- st contest was in 1913, when he beat well attended, siiowing ve Interest neering and the other the seeial guth-
present at the meetings. If the leaders unite at onee on him that settles it, Dany as an Assemblyman. He is Sale 2? aE Pen rites that there fe in them oting of (hel club, Hagat is ievays
Hutsuch a thing seldom happens. Other lead have their candidates. They |yatore Cotille and he served three George Form, bis meee ees : The Amsterdam Pemoorath: C1 IS ypesent and gives his best advice when
nrade them at the same time, endeavoring each to demonstrate that his can- te rms, He is adawyer. Another ftal- of 4.000 i, 248, eae gene J. oe the name of the local organization. TC pated upon to settle same disput
} ; ' . ' } lian of the distriet whe has come to the contested his leadership, tu Pore wis organized twenty-we year " for there are sveh things as disputes
‘ ate is bes ed f. © nomination This brings alont a general diseussion., ! \ : . ‘ ‘ 5 Me '
saeinebaistacbditranies ha any ° fiont is Iraneis N. Maneouse, now a niy forty votes, while Hogan get} ond Hagin Phas been its present ever even in the best tulanced political ot
Nothing may be settled for months, Then, as often happens, a candidate who deputy on the stalf of District Attorney | 3,800, ° sinoe. he Dhow okt West thizations
appeared to have a fixed place on the shite is rejected and @ candidate who had) sgwann, Not only has Hagan always been on) Sixty-fourth rr foun tors Ilagan is one of the war herse yf
heen put forward as a dark horse gets the nomination, ' Tt has been the geod fortune of ie Job to corrat the male voters of e oa Beet a e club the game of city politics who do net
. tat ’ ate > . } . tntn fiietrict ’ » us ws reanized a whos the ing bought 1 te ave nired wit he cares
In selecting candidates for the more important offices great trouble is) the present leader to hold the district | district, tut he has nm OrRAMs i« Lh the ate md te have aged With the cares tl
‘ ne pe s ‘ i ‘ in the columns of the Democratic, Semen's Democratic comynittee and) in 1403 eo is marked i go with the job of attending te th
taken in ging over their qualifications, Sometimes a subecommittee is ave | ie. with but a few exceptions, In {the members are now In training, as} two lampposts ointments wants of political followers, He is 57
pointed to examine inte the histery of the candidate and to determine if) pos- nineteen years he lost the district oace hy calls it, for the fall election, They | up to date, pool ond bile! years o'd and the futher of seven sons}
sble hie streneth with the voters or what ebiection the voters might have to \ when a Republican wos elected te the bold meetings twice a month and at- | Tiare tables a rooms, but NO} and two diughters our of lis somes
him. This committee may make two or three reports to the executive com. | Assembly, On two other occasions he | toad tures on the subject of poli itenicating epuer ved are Voters and three are electio hh
} 4 ee and ‘in’ iti ‘ial lost the Aiderman, the jast time lasi tics. They will be called upon to use) prenises trict captains under the leadership) of)
mittee Nimost alwass it inquires into lis antecedents ane social and alan i year, When a Republican won hy their influence to make votes for the | Ha : won his eadership from their father The sons have hoon
connections as Well as inte lis politics AU this is for the purpose of enlight- + twelve votes. Democratic party and te act as watchs | delim Bo Sexton, new dead. whe Was brought up te spend their spare trom
ening the leader of Tammany Tlallas to the term oof campaign that might be | The clubhouse of the distriet is at ers at the polls on election day, fat one time a member of the bi-parti- in the club in the interest of tho is
made nentiet hecandidate, Kast 116th street, ieh is near Mr. Hagan has ideas cs Vin ann as ci ee . Pee eae ss en “ 7 ene eh e sie : s - i ;
} "ay F i ave , § “alle > "Oe | to attracts me o club meetings, | well intvenehed at the tim at atte he leader does not hale mublie of-
This is known as “sizing up the candidate There may have been a few | Third avenue, Tt is called the Po | What attrac ren to club meet 1
Insianees of the kind, but it is seldom, ne matter how powerful the leader ma) | See -- - : Sone Sa = sone ae — 4

« that he bas been suecessful in forcing on his assuciute leaders a Weak can- ;

date. The leaders themselyes generally realize that they must have Kood | S & P ® f
condidates if they are to survive. The ‘sreoming of a candidate” often takes | c1SSOr ortralts O

s number of years, The purpose is te pick out the opportune time for the ,

nomination. There Dave been instances ino whieh the candidvte after going

Lou Tellegen in

Wough the process of training lus heen dropped hecause of a happe ning over |
Which he had ne eontrel A shift in pepolar sentiment, the dissntisfaetion of

of the community with the polley of an administration--all such
considered in selecting the candidates

® portion

Tower y are

‘The King of Nowhere’

 

 

In naking up a political ticket the leaders of Tumimany tall have eon- . : he
Sdered it good polities at times (a inderse the candidate of an opposing warty, | By lethel Cc Il avlor
e idea being thereby to strengthen the Democratic tleket, bargains or ¥ ° 7
trades for offiees alse are nnide \
heoause of ms ehonge in the character of the popuittion ip reeent vears in |
many distriens it has been found odvisthie ty consider a distribution of offlees {
Hiiong races, This is dene for the purpose of adding general strength to a
ticket
In the final selection of candidates the chocee is left in mest cases ta the |
eader Reports on all candidates: having been made and their availability
Wing been discussed from every angle, the leader is expected to have the |
hootical acumen sufficient te piek a winking tiehet th the present leadership |

of Tarnmany

Hal) the leaders say that Charles 1° is not
rong his individual opinion on the members

NICHOLAS J. HAYES, THE |
LEADER IN THE TWENTIETH

ICHOLAS J. HAYES,

Sheriff of New York county cl
; wi
* and twice Fire Commissioner

Murjlis autocratic in

once , (Sullivan election dis- .
captain for his father. Hayes}
born in the district, allhough
he bus lived within its boundaries for

Hives, is an

Ss not

  

 

 

 

      

* the Tammany leader of the) forty years, He came to. this. city
Twentierh Assembly district, which from Troy, N.Y. and was firs, em- |
hes within its boundaries Harlem's ployed as a clerk. He became inter:
Little Traly, For nineteen years he, ested in local polities, and it was not |
has held the post, having won con- long hefore he was an election district
Cal originally Dy @ contest that was) capiain
fimous in its day. He showed an aptitude for leader-
Join ( Sheehan was the leader of | Sinp.and when the discontented of the
Tammans Hall at the time and for- | district wanted a change he was the |!
ner Tot Justice William H. Burke | «! oice as the may to make the ean-
Bas the recognized leader of the dis- | vase against Burke, His first politi- |
tot. Hayes, supported by a number, cal job was that of Deputy City Clerk. |
© song inen, some of whom have} He was appointed by Mayor MeClel- ,
Bice crown old in the game of poli- dan to be Mire Commissioner in 1904 |
Mos wih their leader, started out to, and was then elected Sheriff. He was
Bie hatte to Burke, The chief ob- reappointed Commissioner on |
dection to Hurke's leadership was that | Mebruary 20, 1908, after the death of ,
he brews ertelde the dts Hayes. Pugh Bonner
Wen, showing hat his follewers! It was while he was Fire Commis-
Bimted home pute sioner that the big Troquois Theatre |
Since that time Hayes has had to fire occurred in Chicage, In conse- |
@hter to three contests, in all of quence of that fire, in whieh hundreds !
¥ was victorious. The first of lives were lost, there was a demand
y for the leadership against [throughout the country for the ens |
Me Kas former Assembiyman Jolin J. forcement of existing fire laws and for | uf -f
een woo had been sent to Albany better laws for the protection of the | / 4
t * time Then former Alderman public. The agitation brought a greut wet jal 4 me
has Fo MeCall, who had served increase of work and responsibility: to! gy’ Vi [
‘ernie gs a city father, took up Comynissioner Hayes, Ino reminiscing vit \
‘ ioOls Geust Hases, ‘Phe Inst about those days he sald to the writer:
a Was in 1910, when Henry H ‘lL certainty have been in the lime-
Davaris lost to Uf iy es, inht Sometimes it was favorable |
Haves morried, ives at 164 Mast (and many times unfavorable comment
" hol and hag tive children, | that # get, but T got it.”

+, and one of them, Daniel | The present boundaries of the Twen-

As the King,

  
   
 

 

 

 

dames J.

Amsterdam Democratic Club; Fifteenth Assembly District.

Seated (left to right) —Gustave A. Disch, N. Taylor Phillips, James J. emetss leader: Cornelius Daly, Marshall Ingram, secretary. Standing (left
to right)——-James Hebron, Joseph M. Kelly, Maurice A. Lynch,

ie now, pis dase place being that of
‘an Commissioner, This

  

 

 

 

 

 

ALL FROM THE INSIDE |

Voley, William A. Sweetser, Edward L. Hackney, Richard
I. Clarke, Martin Norton, Thomas J, Donohue and Frank Donnelly.

organizations im ihe city
have a bail or

that do not
picnic for the people of

 

Hace be held from Pele te 15. Prior | te district. This came about through
te that thne J vid been Warder of the suggestion of the leader that the
' ‘Town wooatanother time he Was fineness which would be used for such
\esistant  Commiissioner of Pablo pon eotevtainment should be distributed
Works under Borgel: President Jobnpamong the needy of the district. A
MW. Ahearn Christmas tree is provided in the club-
The boupdares of the district tu Phouse on Christmas eve. Donations
from SiNiy-foceth to Ninety-fourto fore solicited, ond then the poor of the
streer awwesc oof Central Park to the} aistriet are rounded up and are ene
North River There are thirty-fourlabied to have a good time with a pres-
Mection distiicts and 15.400 vogistered? ent io take home as a reminder of the
ofers in its confines. The district has)season'’s cheer. All of the money
eds Mere alla Repuliican district. | yeeded for this purpose comes from
but the Democrat orsanivzation has} those who agree with the leader that
arried often and bas ent the? ad-Tir is better to spend money in this
verse majerity down to about 1,000, fashion than in attending some out-
Niong oR side Drive and West) ing or going to a ball.
nd avenue reside twenty-nine imill- On Christmas Day Hagan jumps
maires, and a laree mumber of Jus-jinto his automobile and personally
tees of the Supreme Court live in the} helps to deliver 100 dinners that go
district Amene them are Justices} to the widows known to be in need.
Dowling, Ford, Mriinge Bijur, Gave- There is no preiiininary inquiry to «ee
sun, tlotelikise, Shearn, Weeks, Whit- [if there is a voter in the house. Just
taker, Plendrick, Newburgrer, Clarke.) as soon as the name comes in arrange-
Delehanty and Lebman and City Court }inonts are made to serve the basket
Justies Allen Mr. Hagan told the

writer that formerly a number of them

were members of his club and took
an active interest in the affair of
| the district; buat it is the practice of
tre des tie to retire on their elec.
t ? TH aetuve participation in the
be ot ' ¥. Some of those liv-
j ities Ilasan's a rast adrepe in at phe
elindy ance mh ted renew awoytaint-
Pes Save inade in the past
Tirew dau Purticipate in potitieat
tai tive wan to verte
The Amsterdati club enjoys the d
Wtion of being one of fer olin il

“THE SECRET.

N the ¢

obs fo a Aisetssi of
! hare atid sorh gesstoumieintes. the
Short oplignp reporter whe told
y las Stans admiit Vaest “ tw
leanne for ail tis ty les Tle ghee
about as followe .
| "It wus ten or tweve veurs age
whe nol was werk Eo) A ReWSpuper
J whien bad just devised the idea of
fappealimg co its readers Dy means of
fey original weyvel qauuatdished im daily
Destilmrents nel advertised as law
| Ia been weitten by ttwe celebrated
patie benny het given 1 was
one oof them amd doba, M was
| the othe
“Soaeh Gay wei diad to grind cut
F SOO cor GAO words oof adventure,
We were Ipposed te collaborate each
day..but finally ave fined It up te alter.
nate, He wonkl weite one days in-
t

stalment did T weuld write the next.

 

 

; ‘Ror many Weeks that was the
easiest job oY had ever had We
islatimed the story through regu-
) her paths of lurid adventure, we lured
the lemeine inte Chinatown and had

 

the hege rescue her, sent them over to
Murepe to give the kings aad queens
there a few thrills, rung in detectives

igunmen, river pirates and all the old

of adventure stories

 

dol Vewia’) to lea

   

[hero and heroine in imi sible places
at the end of his instalment Th
Next day | would lave te rescue them
from their dangers Hed finish his

instalment by eending them up in oan
‘aeroplane and having the engine fail;
Vin my instalment the nest day ld have
to let them fall on a haystack or

order to
with the

| something foolish in

eine as

keep them alive and ga oon
story,

“He'd have them up on the sinteent]

 

'
story of a burning building; Vd res-
joue them with @ balloun, Hed have
the heroine, ber leg broken, in the
yaeniadddder af ates ARViCa judigte with oa
froaring lion bewndiog toward ler; ba
» hove te reseue fer from that

“After a month or so the thing kind
lof palled, so one day TF decided to pu
one up to him that would leave him
flat
; “After the characters got through
performing for the day T put the hero

on a steamer in the middle of the At

vlantic and then carefully sank the !
‘steamer, | explained that not a spat
iwas left floating, nor anything else
twhieh the hero conld grab hold of,

{I disposed of any possibility of another
steamer coming up and rescuing the

OR
DALRYMPLE CAME BACK

dinner and no questions are asked of
the recipients.

Hagan is an enthusiastic yachtsman
and has named his boat after the or-
ganization for which he has so many
years heen fighting. He has a fifty-

   
 

 

 

five foot yacht called Tammany and
net infreque ¥» has she been in
trouble like her namesake. But she
has always come out all right in the
end Tt is on this yaeht that Hagan
entertains his district captains and

iss down the rules geverning the du-

whu las gone into the

ties of @ man

polities,

HOW

siane of

 

  
 

 

qWas just leaving New York harbor,
1000 Miles away | explained that
Ithere was no aeroplane ont that day,
snd that the warm weather had driven
{tle whales to the north, for it
Would have been just like Johnny to
Use aowhale to rescue the hero, every-
jthing else failing, 1 guarded against
bevery sort of rescue that I could think
of by explaining carefully in my ine
stalment that it was not possible.
There was nething anywhere within
jMessthle reach of our hero except

|
7
;

thought

  

v ry he was left floating in the mid-
die af the Atlantic and would have to
swim te shore

“T felt pretty tine that night when
T thought of the joke 1 had played on
Johnna. Neat morning I slept late;
late enough to be annoyed when the
omer catled noon

“You've got te write to-day’s in-
lent on the novel! said the hoas,

me vt

 

 

‘There Was a train wreek near Stam-
ford, and Johnny ean't get to work.’

“Lo saw more stars than lord has
ears. There | was, with the here left
aosolutely flat, and 1 would have to
reseue him

“That Was my hardest assignment
Minally T went to the office and batted

cut the instalment, whieh was printed,
The story mext day read something
like this:

“"A new play was to be put on at

the Opera Comique, and the society of
France's capital was being hurried in

georgeous equipages through the Bou-
levard des Italiens,
“'The smurtest footmen, the most

spic and span carriages, the most high

stepp. ie horses, were at the servrore
of Vivienne, who, elad in a resplendent
costume which udded to her greet
beauty, was just beginning to recover
from her gvlef over the ill fate whieh
tad befallen Ducrvinple ia the marine
catastrophe which six months hefore
had shocked the world

“'As her footrnan opened her ear-

riage door and she otepped out an the
sidewalk before the Opera Comique a
shabby, sloueching form shutHed before
j her :
“oVivienne’s rosiness faded from her
cheeks; she clutehed at her heart,
and swayed backward. Her footman
ehe was going to faint, He
aefcead her elbow, bet his touch ree
stored ler to full consciousness, an&
she ieaped forward and confronted tae
shabby individual
‘ack Dalrymple!”
“My God, can tt be
you perished
sank.”
"'e Ves, Vivienne. it is 1.’ said Dale
remple, a deep red suffusing hfe
Weatherbeaten countenance,

 

she exc'aimed,
you? T thought
when the Maria Louisa

ooeer™ell me, Jack, iw vou escaped
in that great disaster,’ said Vivienne,
trembling vielently ino the great joy
that filed her at the diseevery that

Jack Was not dead
'"'eThat, Vivienne, Is a. secret I
have promised never to divulge,” said

hero by stating that the only other! Dalrymple.’

steamer on the entire Atlantic Aen “After that it was casy,”

eee

*
*

.