Seeetleet neieetee ee

ARG eee? a

S

Zaetecnea

eens

a]

eat

j
i
i}

 

  
    
  
 
   
 
 
   

10

 

SOME NEW BOOKS.

The Modern Moliere,

— Ft would be a diMentt matter to
write a dull book about Bernard Shaw.
The world is divided as to his worth
and his wisdom, but there seems tu be
no doubt in any one’s mind «s to his
wit, lie is in line witli the great
humorists of the world—Moli@re, Vol-
teire, Swift, Heine, Shaw. Germany,
‘Trance, even America, were swifter to
acknowledge Shaw than his own coun
try, as is witnessed by ArGustin
Vismon's The Twentieth Century
Moiiere, translated from the French
by Eden Paul and Cedar Paul (Stokes).
@i is strange that England should have
‘been slow to acknowledge Shaw,

 

 

sense. He is never more caustic and
seathing than when he is dealing with
sentimentality, romantic idealism or
eany form of falsehood. He places his
philosophy on a firm footing of real-
ism. If he goes astray it in by the
overaevelopinent of his fatulty. He
has set himself to penetrate all shams
and all hypocrisies. Is it possible that
in performing his task he has, like too
clever a detective, suspected crimes
where there are none?

One of the hypocrisies Shaw has
uncovered is that of family affection.
He practically assures us that there
is no such thing; that children are
always more or less secretly in revolt
against parents and that parental lova
fis a form of self-indulgent tyranny.
The lesson is a good one. It is quite
true that the intimacy of family life,
the Iikeness of family traits fre-
‘quently beget rudeness and quarrels.
Bat the gener thesis is wrong. Just
@s it is true, as Shaw himself points
out in a récently published article on
Ireland, that emall nations cannot
thrive by trying to stand alone and
separate, so the individual cannot stand
alone, but is strengthened and upheld
by family affections, family loyalties,
family pride. A man is what he is in
himself and also what all his human
relations, loyalties and environment
‘make him. This Shaw, the rampant
individualist, has overlooked. He has
created a legend of himself, and who-
ever writes of him has innumerable
anecdotes at hand. At one of his pub-
lic lectures the chairman leaned over
and asked him the title of his lecture.
“Tt has not one,” responded Mr. Shaw.
“Tell them it will be announced at the
core.” Again the chairman announced:
“Mr. Shaw will be glad to answer all
reasonable questions.” “But I prefer
unreasonable ones,” said the unsup-
*pressible one in a stage whisper.

The only person known to have
cothe off even with Mr. Bernard Shaw
in a tilt is Lady Randolph Churchill,
who invited him to lunch to meet some
Americans. He telegraphed her in re-
«ply: “Certainly not. What have IT
done to provoke such an attack upon
my well known habits?” The lady
responded, also by wire: “Know noth-
ing of yqur habits: hope better than
your mafiners.” The story usually
ends there with Lady Randolph
ahead. As a matter of fact tl.e long,
kindly, reasonable letter in which the
author explains himself is excellent
and leaves him victor:

My Dran Lapy: Do he reasonable. What
om earth am I to do? If 1 refuse an in-
Vitation in the conventional phrases, it is

understood that 1 want to break off al!
felations, If I make the customary ex-
Cuses to the effect that I have arfother

“engagement, I shall recelve another Invt-
tation, and perhups when | have refused
six times running my would-be hostess
would come to the conclusion that T had

“taken a dislike to her. Of course there
Js the alternative of accepting. But in that

   

 

for
Jn the main his wit is glorified vee |

en

flashes of wit artd treasures of good, sense,
Then he leaped into his coat, selzed his
umbrella, cut his way through his ad-
mirers with good Kumored chaffp suffered
th® addresses of an oid Irish lady who had
hnown him in childhood and was as volu-
ble as himself, and finally fled along Re-
went street “like a soul in chase,” his
tongue flaying all created things, untll at
a tube station We turned on his heel and
vanished as if by magic. It was like the
hurry of the wind, Keen as a ragor, dry
and withering as the East. Mind and body
alike ct @ gallep, trained down to the last
ounce, He is a hurricane on two legs, a
hurricane of wrath,
Jerry built society. He is the lash laid
across the back of his generation. He
whips us with the scorpions of his bitter
pen, and we are grateful.

He lampoons us in plays and we fight at
the pay box. We love him as Bill Sikes’s
dog loved that hero-—because he beats us.
Shaw is Swift. without any of
Swift's morbid melancholy. He is in

according to M. Hamon he wears the
mantle of Moliére. He is not an ideal-
ist; he believes in money as this
whole generation has believed in it;
only the generation has hidden the
belief and disguised it, whereas Shaw
comes out openly and says: “Money
is the most important thing in the
world. Money represents health,
strength, honor, generosity and beauty,
as undeniably as the want of it repre-
sents weakness, disgrace, meanness
and ugliness. ‘Flee from sin,’ says the
preacher. Flee from poverty, which is
the root of sin.”

M. Hamon was chosen by Shaw him-
self to translate his plays into French.
In February, 1909, M. Hamon was
permitted to give a course of ten
lectures on Shaw at the Sorbonne.
The volume before us contains six of
these lectures, dealing largely with
Shaw the man, his dramatic method,
his relation to the dramatic critics,
the technique of the modern drama,
the nature of dramatic art and the
arallelism between the drama of
Shaw and that of the Greco-Roman
drama, the medieval, drama, the drama
of Moliére and the drama of the
eighteenth and nineteenth centuries,
with some general considerations on
dramatic art as exemplified in Shaw's
work. Should this volume achieve its
purpose the author promises another
volume containing the matter of his
remaining four lectures on the ethic
and metaphysic of Shaw.

The present work is the most con-
scientious and learned analysis of
Shaw's technique that has been pub-
lished. For critics in general have not
quite digested the fact yet that a man
may jest in terrible earnest.

To turn to the chapter on Shaw's
relation to dramatic art in general,
M. Hamon first points out that Shaw's
drama is a drama of ideas and not of
incident. We all know the crude
laugher who thinks it funny to see
a fallow mortal stumble and fall down.
We remember the introduction of in-
sanity on the Elizabethan stage as a
motif for laughter and of drunkenness
in the modern farce. Shaw's comedy
is on another plane altogether. He
makes us laugh at muddleheadedness
and hypocrisy. It is philosophic tn
that it deals with the general rather
than the peculiar and aims at show-
ing the connection existing between
things which in real life seem separate
and unrelated. The material action
is always subordinated to the intel-
Hence, of necessity, the
play frequently becomes .a dialogue,
a dissertation, even a debate. His
plays exercise a moralizing influence,
for in them we see ourselves, our
foibles and frailties laid bare; in them
we have “an indirect discourse by a

lectual action,

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

flashing through our!

He flings his |
withering gibes in our faces and we laugh. ,

direct. ine from Voitaire and Heine, and

7

yet facile epigram. It is the humor
of seeing the naked fact beneath the
artificial trappings of life.

Again we may say that Shaw, like
Moli@res is thé most social of drama-
tists. He castigates conventional man-
ners with a laugh and the laughter
is a punishment for the disharmony
between social custom and reason.
mile Faguet says of Mollére: “To
transport truth from the world to the
stage, truth and the whole truth, na-
ture and the whole of nature, such

he did.” The words apply equally to
Shaw, whose dramas are one long
continued protest in forms however
varied against thé romanticism which
lends hypocrisy to love, the idealism
, which gives rise to hypocrisy* in poll-
| tics and against all the conventions of
social life, Shaw, like Moliére, is the
least romantic of men and the most
uncompromisingly truthful,

Like Moliére's, Shaw's philosophy is

i deterministic; in the main we must
submit to life. to nature, but with the
continuous effort to see clear and make
the best of conditions as they are.
The determinism of Ibsen and Strind-
herg is psychological and individual.
They aim at individual reform. Des-
tiny is wrong, but it. triumphs. The
protests of the characters are fruit-
less despair. But with Shaw Destiny
is right and its triumph good. What
must be must be, and it is futile to
fight against the inevitable. What we
have to do is @ submit to necessary
conditions but never fail to make the
best of them. Hence the lack of any-
thing like lamentation, feeble whining
or heroic denunciation. Both Mollére
and Shaw glorify common sense; and
by common sense is meant a healthy
and sane view of man and life.

When a man has lived a century or
two ago we judge him without rancor

| because his faults, such as they are,
are at. least at rest. Wherefore, we 10
longer accuse Moliére of immorality,
though his morality was totally at
odds with the thinking of his time.
Shaw is frequenfly accused of im-
moral thinking because his thinking
is unconventional, and after all it is
still true, as Socrates said, that to
think ahead of one's time is a crime
and punishable as a crime,

One more point of similarity be-
tween Moliére and Shaw: Both are in-
clined to choose their most philosophi-
eal and thoughtful characters from the
lower classes, Moliére’s maid servants
and valets are famous. Shaw's most
able thinkers are Juggins, the wonder-
ful William in “You Never Can Tell,”
the delightful greengrocer in “Getting
Married" and the chauffeur and Men-
doza in “Man and Superman.”
Shaw's style M. Hamon says:

Bernard Shaw's sivie is finely and subtly
logical, recaliing that of Voltaire, Rénan
or Anatole France; it is sometimes tor-
rential, like that of Secarron, and always
appropriate to the character, Mke that of
Mollére; it is natural, pithy, and exhibits
here and there a deliberate ordinariness,
like that of Ibsen. Shaw is fronical, caus-
tic, sardonic, amusing, Uke Rabelais, para-
doxical to am extent which would give
points to Jean Jacques Rousseau or Proud-
hon, and endowed with an extraordinarily
fantastic imagination, like Beaumarchals.
All these characteristics combine to form
a mixture with a flavor of its own, which
is that neither of Moliére,
Voltaire,
or Proudhon.
aroma, which
and Instructs,
thought. To sum all

is Bernard Shaw.

In summing ©p we must realize that
it is such writers as Mollére and
Shaw, true daredevils in the world of
thought, whdéd tear away the blinding
films of romance, who reduce the arti-
fictalities and hypocrisies of their ages
to shreds and tatters and who clear
the ground for the future builders of
life.

M. Hamon's book, while penetrating
and appreciative in the highest de-
gree, has no beauty of style or care
for construction. The book would be
greatly improved by a bibliography of
Shaw's work and a subject index.

or

Beaumarchais,
Jacques Rousseau, Rénan
It has its own peculiar
charms, pleases, recreates
amuses and gives food for
ft

Jean

up in a word,

 

Head Hunting Haldas of the Queen
Charlotte Islands,

There is much promise, and not for
; Missionary readers alone, in the sub-
; title which the Venerable W. H, Cot-
Lison, Archdeacon of Metlakahtla,
gives his volume In the Wake of the
Wer Canoe (Dutton): “a. stirring
record of forty years successful labor,
peril and adventure among the savage
| Median tribes of the Pacific coast, and
the piratical head hunting Haidas of
the Queen Charlotte Islands, B. C."
Even thongh the Lord Bishop of
| Derry assures us, in an introduction,
{that the book should be “the most

 

| the season,” it is a@tory for civilized
‘heathen to enjoy.

| The author was a ploneer mission-
jary in the Queen Charlotte Islands.

hs gad Be ory kor s aktanee as number of characters who converse
better opportuntty of seeing and talking} With one another in order to convey
to my hostess than if 1 were to meet her| a meaning to the public,” as Deschanel
by chance at the Savoy Hotel. I should| said of Aristophanes. The comedics
@et nothing to eat, for Todo not eat the) (io not deal with insanity, drunken-
corpses of animals or anything else that | ness or physical awkwardness: nor yet
fe likely to be offered to other guests. | a9 they deal with the great triangular
It i+ not at all agreeable to me e >
to come to luncheon with a lot of carni- | Preblem and romantic love. Mr, Pi-
vores, of necrophag Bevides, it breaks | Nero still has that subject to himself.
,@P my morning's work T won't lunch} When Shaw does deal with sexual ate
With you, To won't dine with you, I won't] traetion, as in “Man and Superman,”
call on you; [ won't take the smallest} “Misalllance,” Ze, he divests it of all
‘part in your social routine, and T am only} romantic glamour and convention and |
eMiliing a kn ~ yon nt By ner spe ie ,set. it down as baldly as did Walt
Ee ene ceceg tar howe wratines, | Whitman as the parental instinet, «
ion you would serve me up. Bat if at | in Shaw's own words, “the life force
a@ny time whatsoever IT can do you a real] But sex attraction never monopolizes
@ervice, you have only to call ugon me;| Shaw's stage more than it does the
ithat's what I exist for, stage of life. Politieal, social. philo- |
The truth of the matter is, Shaw] sophic, literary questions fill in) his
‘exploits himself to his own advantage, | drama as they fill in life Tt is this
Dut he is far too clever to let other | above all else that bas made his tech-
‘people exploit him for their advan-| nique seem new and unprecedented.
tage. He is perhaps the most inac- | Once more the strange thing about him
‘cessible lion in London to-day. Helis that he reflects the whole of life as
will not be lured out to be looked at | it is and it becomes the strangest thing
by the curious. Knowing that udver-| in the world.
tisement is one of the chief conditions Like the Greek dramatists, Shaw’ in
of success in modern life, he frankly | his later works, such as “@ietting Mar-
confesses: “I advertised myself so} ried” and “Misalliance,” discards the | popular Sunday school premium of
sedulousty that 1 find myself in mil | division into acts. “Candida” and
dic life almost as legendary a person | “Getting Married.” for example, have
as the Flying Dutchman.” As a mat-|) not even a change of scene, a pro-
ter of fact, less is known of Shaw’s | ceeding ‘which is not only a renewal
Private life than perhaps of any world | of ancient Greek practice but one em- |The Haida tribes inhabiting those isl-

renowned man of his day. You ean
discover just exactly what he chooses
to tell youseno more and also no less;

ployed by such classical dramatists as
Kacine and Voltaire.
The minute and lengthy stage direc.

 

jands and the Prince of Wales Island
off the southeastern coust of Alaska
were a savage and primitive people.

for his utterances reverberate round | tions of Shaw are paralleled ip the | They Were bold sea rovers, and the
the world. He has announced for your | liturgical drama of the Middle Ages. | sight of the approaching sails of their

sedification: “TI am a reasonable, pa-
itlent, consistent, apologetic, laborious
‘person, with the temperament of
schoolmaster and the pursuits of +
fvestryman”; and again he Ly
am, by temperament, economienily
minded and apprehensive to the point
‘of old maidishress.” We are undec
the impression from what has leaked
out that he is u mun of austere morais,
a teetotaler, a vegetarian, He says:
“My chief joke is to tell the truth;
it is the funnies: joke in the world.”
At the age of 23, trying to find out
his natural bent and what he could
‘best do to become a valuable member
‘of society, he allowed himself to pe
supported by his mother. In refer-
ring to this fact he said with shocking
irreverence: “I did not throw myself
into the struggle for a livelihood; I
threw my mother.” This utterance
shocks o great many people, but after
all it should be ‘he deed and not the
“expression of it that shocks. As a
“matter of simple truth a groat many
young men between 29 and 23 throw
their mothers and the mothers are
detighted to be thrown in such a cause
and the fact is perfectly normal and
pardonuble; only. very few sons would

SUVS:

express thelr dependence with sueh
delightful freedom. As on matter of
inet Mrs, Shaw must have heen a

 

-y
A ud a svecessful musie teacher and we
mow tot at the age of Tu her san
hud difficulty in persending her to lay
os..¢ Mer profession “Let some gool
‘son maint my two hundred pietures,”

98 Andyes del Sarto said. But Shaw
wee tho pyers; be eame out the vietor
mde: ced for his mother in her old

‘ose ani there remains no harm in the
e fact of So enrtls dependence: the ante
‘ehoeck te in the candor and merriment
“with which he refeys to it,

f That most brilliant of modern por-
» trait puinters A. , Gardiner describes
£ one of Shaw's Igetures thus:

Per forty minutes he poured out a tor-
ge", of mingled giles at his audience,

At times the stage directions seem to
! form a part of the dialogue, as in the

a) fourteenth century resurreetion play }

Shaw's “John Bull's Other
IsJand.” Tie shares with Aristophanes
his utter independence of incident,
lack of complication, suspense and dé-
novement. Such absenee of insufti-
Cleney of action was quite usual, M.
Hlamon points out, up to the time of
Beaumarchais, Moliére bad no plot
jfor “Les Précieuses Ridicules” or “Les
Facheux,” none in “Le Misanthrope”
oy “L'Impromp:ru de Versailles." Ev-
erything in “L'Ecole des l’emmes” is
anecdotal. Ingenfous complication of
plot, us usurping observation, charac-
ter and criticism, did not make its
| appearance in dramatic art till the
/time of Beaumarchais and it was
aleve all the contribution to the stage
of Scribe whose methods were fol-
lowed by all the playwrights of the
nineteenth century.
| In Shaw's plays M. Hamon points
{out their extremely coherent and vig-
orous intellectua) action, and to this
action all material action is subordi-
| nated, In Mollére’s work, he says. we
| find the same thing, the differehce
vine in the fact that in Mollére the
{action is psychological rather than in-
j tellectual, Shaw's plays and Moliére's
‘both do away with the artificial com-

and in

 

‘to disentangle, There is no suspense,
ino dénovement, no finality in the end-
‘ing, [a this respect they resemble
life which is continuity, where noth-
ing really begins or really ends, Shaw's
{ plays. like Moliére’s, are comedies of
} Manners and of characters, and al.
though M. Hamon failg to poin thts
out they are comedies satiriaing tp
conventional thought of the time: for
‘the centuries have modes of thought
as nations and individuads have,
The great value of Shaw's plays ia
jthat they make un think. Like
Moli@re's they are full of the humor
of prefound Observation. The wit in
tiem “oe never mere verbal quibble nor
» ;

fine big war canoes struck terror into
the tribes along the neighboring
coasts exposed to their plundering
jexpeditions, They were tall men, of
j fairer complexion— when not covered
jwith war paint-—than the Indians of
ithe mainland; and they spoke a
harsher tongue,

In 1876, when the author first vis-
ited them, their hunters were armed
with long barrelled Hudson's Bay Com-
pany flintlocks, which had replaced
their aboriginal bows and arrows,
e and harpoons, Later they used

 

 

 

rifles with percussion caps, but nowa-
days every Indian hunter carries a
high powered modern repeating rifle.
They say they succeeded better in the
hunt when they used the native
weapons; but whereas in earlier days
sea otter and fur seal abounded in the
channels and inlets among the isle
ands, they have now to be sought far
off shore in the open sea, and the rea-
|son for the lessened reward of the
jhunt is not that which they profess
to believe in. When Capt. Meares
explored the coast in 1788 and 1789,
a score or two of fine furs could be
had from the natives in exchange for
a few beads or a handful of nails.

The missionary was worldly enough
to take advantage of the superiority
iM his own firearm in impressing the

sor0uU8 reasonable, energetic women piication, the entanglement in order | natives with a proper sense of the

| white man's powers, He had a Snider
rifle, which the champion marksman
of the tribe, Nugwats Kippow,
“Mather of the Wolf,” professed to
helieve to be no better than the In-
Jaren guns, The tribesmen, having

 

great faith in the judgments of
Mather of the Wolf, shared his con-
tompt for the missionary’s weapon
After cu @ucting morning prayer, he
| accepted their invitation to witness a
trial of thelr skill, Wor a target, a
whiteg clamshell was fastened to a
jtree Jrunk, at a distance of about

{150 y@rds, The natives fired in turn,

and missed. Then they challenged

the ' ite man to do better. His frat
}

was Moliére’s aim and this is what!

  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  

THE SUN, SUNDAY,

APRIL 16, 1916.

4

; o . M4 -
shot, carefully aimed, found its bittet. | or are to become, neither cooperatively | original texts; “it transformed me-|there the carth shell has failed io
Father of the Wolf threw his own nor combatively, those of strangera!dimval Confucianism into an immedi- | withstand its various stresses.
gun down in disgust, and went to his! going non-tangent waye, anything that/}ate working principle for the individ-

hunting lodge to sulk. Trivial as the
incident was, it gave the missionary
an influence with the Indians which
a dozen sermons might not have won
for him. Father of the Wolf became

one of his most faithful friends and-

cooperators.
When the white man, addressing

the men of the tribe in the chief's | can war were on the books, we should!
house, announced his desire to open a, ve the better fitted to meet the enemy |

mission among them, his reception
|was polite but not enthusiastic. One
of the sub-chiefs said: “You can lead
our children in the new way, but we
do not desire to abandon the customs
of our forefathers. We cannot give
up the old customs. The Scanawa
(presiding spirit] of our medicine men
ia strong; stronger than the words of
the Great Chief above, so you will
have no power to change them. It
would not se good for you to try.
The ‘Yetz haada’ had better return
to his own people.” But the permis-
sion to teach the children of the tribe
was encouraging, even though many
of the people, and especially the medi-
cine men, resented the action of the
council in granting it.

The building of the mission house
Was attended by a peculiar difficulty.
The Haidas were not accustomed to
such labor, but at last with the help
of a number of young men of the
tribe the clearing was made, Then
the logs were hewn flat on two sides,
and the work of sawing began, The
missionary instructed the Indians how
to saw each log straight down the
centre, so that the sawn sides could
be turned inward, to give a smooth
inside wall, But “one after another
the sawyers were seized with hiwemor-
rhage, caused probably by the con-
tinual up and down motion of the
arms acting upon the lungs.” That
Was the opportunity of the medicine
men, aiways hostile, and they took
advantage of it by assuring the suf-
fering workmen that the missionary
was using sorcery upon them,

When the difficulties with the labor-
ers were at last settled. a new dim-
culty arose in the matter of persuad-
ing them to rest on the Sabbath. To
them one day had been the same as
another. The dance house had been
prepared for the mission services
while the house was building, and the
missionary arranged to float over it
on Saturday a smal) flag and on Sun-
day a large one. The Indians came
to call Saturday “little Sunday,” and
Sunday the “rest day.”

Before the missionaries came to the
Tsunghean Indians, on the mainiand,
these natives had learned from the
fur traders to designate Sunday as

the “dress day.” Christmas they
called Welaixim hali-kanootk, the
great dress day. And from their
neighbors over the way the Haidas

had caught the idea of observing
special days by special costume.

So when the first meeting was held
in the dance house, it was a strangely
clad congregation that assembled. One
sub-chief had a dressing gown with a
large figured pattern. His wife wore
a bright counterpane fastened about
her by a girdle of rope. The son of
one of the chiefs had picked up some-
where a harlequin dress, trimmed
with small bells which tinkled as he
walked. <An old chief had an ad-
miral's uniform, much too small for
him, so that the epaulettes stood up
oddly, and a beaver hat. Naval and
Military uniforms of English and
United States patterns were popular,
and the effect was such as would have
befitted better a fancy dress bali than
a religious service. The costumes had
perhaps been stolen and sold to the
southern Indians, and by them bar-
tered to their friends further north.

The author writes with special
knopledge and with a broad human
interest of the Indians of the Canadian
missionary field. His account of. theit
evangelization is not without the
minor note; for, however their condi-
tion has been improved, according to
the white man’s standards, something
quite worthy of respect has been sacri-
ficed in the inevitable destruction of
the aboriginal customs, The book is
both a monument to a racial past of
much interest and a record of mis-
sionary labors full of quiet courage
and a good deal of practical wisdom,
by whatever errors sprung out of
the white man’s arrogance they may
have been attended,

——-——_———_

Education tn Old Japan.

The descriptive adjective used by
Frank ALANSON LoMRanp. professor in
Doshisha University and lecturer in
the Imperial University at Kioto, in
the title of his book, Pre-Meiii Eduea-
tion in Japan (Kyo Bun Kwan, Meth-
odist Publishing House, Tokio), is not
80 expressive to American readers us
the term “Old Japan” would have been,
but its use avoids the suggestion, by
contraet, of the phrase “New Japan,”
which the author considers misleadng
because it carries implication of in
impossibly definite demarcation he-
tween two eras in one national life.
The forms “Old Japan” and “New
Japan" reflect rather the changes ‘n
Occidental knowledge of Asia's eastern
vanguard insular nation than changes
in the Japanese people. In the his-
tory of peoples of greater propingults
a’ d more intimate association we rec-
ognize the universal parallel to our
own national experience of continuous
identity through the programmes of
successive eras, but for Japan we pro-
vide an exemption from the natural
law. We do not so sharpy dichoto-
mize the Anglo-Saxoum und the modern
Englishman, the tribal and the impo-
rial Teuton, the Frenchman of to-day
and the Gaul, his ancestor; the mod-
ern Greek and the ancient Hellene, as
we do the pre-Meiji Japanese and the

twentieth century “Yankee of the
East." ¥
Neither the visit of Commodore

the Constitution granted by Meiji
Teno in 1889 marks a boundary in
chronology between two Japans. The
almost mythical Japan of the Sho-
gunate, land of travellers’ tales, out-
landish legend and comic or romantic
rhyme, belonged to a people of strong
nationalistic tendency. Even the ages
of loose tribal organization in Japan
are not of the remote antiquity in
which they swim in the murk of in-
choate historical knowledge, And, on
the other hand, the Japan that
whipped Russia and entered the flela
of modern international trade and poli-
tics is logically, in its now national-
ized and politically prevalent Mikado-
ism, logically bound up with the Japan
of the old Samurai,

Japan and the United States are
brought Into relations which it seems
must become increasingly intimate.
The ocean which severs them physi-
cally unites them in commercial in-
terest. Whether the existing and ex-
panding relations shall continue
friendly and develop to mutual ad-
vantage or

tility, even "e

»

contributes in either mation toa clearer,
fatrer understanding of the character,
| purposes and methods of the other le
'a factor for international peace and
comfort. Even if tales of Japanese
| shrewdness and duplicity in preparing
‘for American feet the way of deatruc-
‘tien were true, ant a Japanese-Ameri-

the more we knew of him, including
his past. But such
infinitely remote from
pees of Mr. Lombard.
| Japan's “first intellectual awaken-
| ing” came about with the influence of
| Buddhism in broadening the mental
; and spiritual horizon of the Japanese
;peopie and “the moral sanctions of
; Confucianism” “giving vitwity to
vague Shinte conceptions of duty.”
From that dime, in the seventh cen-
tury, to IS6S the author traces the
histery of governmentally supervised
education and of private educational
| saruenties. Ile describes the training
}for citizenship, in) which regulated
physical exercise and ethical culture
were important, and the education of
women; and states the present day
educational problems. ;

Asa teacher in Japan the author has
noticed racial characteristics which
throw light upon the expectable ad-
vance of the people. The Japanese are
“essentially young,” keeping through
life the mental attitnde characteristic
of youth, combined with the eelf-re-
specting dignity Which befits the ma-
ture man. It is “racial addlescence.”
The Japanese are precocious. They
shaw interest in abstract, philosophical
ideas before the voung Westerner is
conscious that such reasoning exists.
Their educational system has always
put stress upon form and expression,
developing “a logic chopping ability de-
ceptive to self and often to others.”
Thev are “periodic,” aiternating be-
tween spaces of great effort and of de-
pression, They lack the power of
sustained and persistent labor, says
the Doshisha professor, and are subject
to discouragement. This is not the
general Western view of the Japanese
ternperament; but, anticipating cita-
tion of Port Arthur in objection, the
author says they fought there in the
presence of their ancestors, and them-
selves admit they fought as they
would have done on no other field. ft
is spun a little fine, but is compre-
hensible, is the conclusion,
“seems necessary to their success, and
that attalmed by masterful action
rather than by drudgery.” The Japa-
nese are idealistic, and the thinking of
the students to-day is not of a practi-
cal type; to them the ideal is most
real.

A statement that deserves special!
consideration Lears upon the common
view of the Japanefe as a nation of
imitators, unable to originate. In the
pedagogue'’s way of looking at things,
the ability to imitate and adapt
springs from sensitiveness to envi-
ronment and susceptibility to sugges-
tion. But Mr. Lombard says that the
inventive powers and initiative genius
of the Japanese have been underesti-
mated. They afe supersensitive to
criticism and opposition. They can
be led but not driven, Their spirit is
communal. Se f-eacrifice ts the basis
of their morality; a view opposed to
the much circulated one of unmorality.
Western mations strive for develop-
ment of the individual, The Japanese
loses himself in the community. It is

suggestions
ihe peaceful

 

“Success,”

a quallty that makes for national
strength.

American school children of to-day
might study with profit the versified
maxims which, coming from China,
were the early text books of Japan:

The whole universe, at the creation, was
one wide waste.

The sun reaches the meridian and declines;

| the moon waxes and wanes

In divisions and constellations the stars are
arranged

Heat and cold (summer and winter) al-
ternately prevail

The autumn is for ingathering, and the
winter for boarding up OTe

When you know sour own errors, then re-
form;

And when you have made acquisitions do!

not lose them 22 8

A foot of precious jade stone ts not to be
valued;

But for an tach
to conter

Be watchful as though near
walking on ice

Always rising early to attend to the com-

1
an abyss or

fort of vour parents,
Then your virtue will rival the epiden-
drum in fragrance,

And in rich exuberance be ike the luxurl-

   
 

ant pine o 2 8
Delight in reading and in studying books,
Be very cautious In speaking hastily or
ra-hly.
In epistolary correspondence be concise,
speaking to the point;
And In verbal answers be discreet and ex-
| plicit. © © 8
| To support fire, add fuel; so cultivate the
root of happiness,

And vou will et n eternal peace and end-

j

 

less fell

 

In the ninth century students in the
Imperial had for «

University 1 assics
the Wokye, a primer ef ethies, and the
| Analects of Confucius. They had texts

jin Chinese history, but not in that of
‘

their own country, In the study of
law they were so primitive us to con.
fine attention te the Conetitution and
| Regulations, There were courses in

jmulttary serviee and in mathematices
}bot': using Chinese text books Pen-

manship and phonetics were Chinese, |

and ino composition Chinese models
were followed... Uxaminations were held
annually; students answering two-
thirds of the requirements were passed
has excellent, those over half were pro-
fineted as fair, and those who failed to
jde better than 40 per cent, were not
| permitted to advance

Among the regulations of a sehool
opened in 1773 were these: “Students
shall not argue, placing their pi in-
terpretation against the accepted in-

Perry, nor the Restoration of 1868, nor! terpretation of the se cool” “Students |

shall be polite amd diligent in study,
favoiding frivolity.” Students shall!
consult upon questions of difficulty but
yield to recognized explanation, They
shall not debate concerning anciest
teachings snd the opinions of the
sages.” “Ability shall be honored, not
| jenlously treated.” “Respect shall he
j paid to all paper bearing the written
jcharacter, and care shall be taken
Jagainst fire.”

In Old Japan many teachers ac-
quired great influence, and some of
made

, them so deep and jasting an
impression upon the national eon.
sciousness that it has to be counted

among the forces explanatory of the
State's development. Foremost among
thesa is Nakae-Toju. “the sage of
'Omi,” born in 108, The Government
schools taught the philosophy of Cone
jfucius as formulated ‘by Chu Hi,
| Nakae followed the Yang Ming teach-
| ings, Dr, William) Kiliot) Griffis dee
jscribes the officially indorsed Neo-
‘Confucianism as having “hardened
after 500 years into scholasticism":

evolve into hos-| Nakae’s Oyomei (Yang Ming) teach-
bs armed hostility, | ing was based upon « rereading of the

are |

of time vou ought earnestiy |

ual.” Its tendehcy was individualis-
tic, and of course incurred the
hostility of a Government which sub-
sisted upon the communistic spirit in
its subjects, Nakae was considered a
spreader of treacherous doctrine. He
never had at one time more than
thirty-five or forty pupils, but his
school was the centre for one of the
three influential divisions of politico-
philosephical opinion.

Comment upon the education of girls
jin Old Japan has emphasized their
training in-the art of flower arrange-
ment, and passed too lightly over more
essential matters. Westerners must
admire the carefulness with whicn
these girls of the Orient were in-
structed in the duties of wifehood
and motherhood instead of being left
to learn through hard experience the
penalty for error based upon ignor-
ance, But women of the West must
regard with horror the frank view
that woman's “‘nferiority to man” is
attributable to her “five particular in-
firmities, inducility, discontent, slan-
der, jealousy and silliness.”

Mr. Lombard describes both the the-
ories and the practices of: Japanese
education previous to the Meiji era.
and he is at pains to make clear the
graduated nature of the transition
from one era to another, thus avoid-
ing the fault of misrepresentation and
artificiality. He emphasizes, at the
end of his book, the influence exerted
upon the nation by the increase vf
study by young Japanese “in the uni-
versity of the world,” and regrets her
inability to make herself better under-
stood: “Her language, written charac-
ter and native reticence combine to
check the development of that. power
which comes only from honest self-
expression. Apparently she cannot,
or will not, interpret herself to the
world. Her best interpreters have
been her foreign lovers.” We should
know better how to govern our senti-
ment toward the Japanese people if we
had the certain answer to the question
inspired by the phrase, “cannot, or
will not,” make herself known.

i a

 

Beauty of Mountains.

To make a book about mountains
that shall satisfy at once those who go
to them to study the physical history
of the world, those who resort to
them for sport and those who view
the rugged peaks and ranges with the
eye of art is a task fur ambition. In
The Mountain (Scribners) Professor
Joun C. Van Dyke offers the geologist
and the alpinist more of pleasant
reminiscential suggestion than of new
information; and while the artist will
discover more in his pages than either
of the others, it ‘s certain to be his
exceliency the “general reader” who
wil) enjoy them most.

It is the spectacular, the startling,
the fantastic in form and color, the
author thinks, that Mguid our first
admiration of mountain scenery: “The
| Spurs and spines of the Dolomites, the
sharp shaft of the Matterhorn, the
beetling height of Kinchinjunga” com-
(aeey wonder, As we grow older we

way “care less for the abrupt than the
| quiescent” and delight in “the fldwing
| lines of the Appalachians or the
rounded forms of the Scotch hiks.”
Majesty and mystery wreathe the soar-
ing summits of the grant peaks; mar-
vels of color play upon their sides and
“bout their tops. They are a world
apart. But the lesser ranges in popu-
lated regions grow into the lives of
those who dwell in the valleys, and
seom to impart something of their own
Strength, dignity and steadfastness to
the characters of men.

We abserb the qualities of nature.
Tiey who live on the sea or beside it;
they who inhabit the wide-sweeping
prairies, and they whose outlook is
upon forest clad hillsides all derive
some coloring of character from their
physical environments, Professor
Van Dyke does not disdain a mild im-
[ Drsesiontem! “We change our point

ee

 

of view, but the mountains themselves |

le lange not. Whatever face they turn
to us, whatever thelr appearance, it is
{aways one of beanty, They are mere
Yreaks in the crust, crushings of the
earth shell, and by the same reckon-
| ing color is a mere break in the beam
cf light, but what a wonder work each
of them spreads before us!" But the
changing aspects make as many
mountains of one mountain as his
moods make different men of one man;

| The art lover loves also the hills,
for their “drawing.” Here all is fluent
rhythm; not faultless regularity but
harmonious sequence, whereas “the
abrupt line of a splintered mountain
ridge checks and harries the eye.” And
the more sparsely covered hills show
best the lines of beauty. “The heather
of the Scotch hills or the grass of the
English hills does not perceptidly
check the flow of the lines, but the
trees of the Harz or the Catskills
muffie and confuse.” Consistently car-
ried out, this idea would uphold a se-
ries of bare knolls as most beautiful,
and rebuke the appreciators of color,
light and shade as well as of line.
Beauty does not go with baldness, in
the common view.

But Prof. Van Dyke moves on from
line to mass and surface: “The heather
of the Grampians in early September
is the added note of color splendor
upon fine form and beautiful linear
pattern.” And we conclude, from the
whole analysis, that the best hills are
the American; for in the winter time
they are bare, {n the summer they are
shaded, and in the autumn they show
the richest panorama of colors in the
world. Dr. Johnson thought moun-
tains so much hopeless sterility “dis-
missed by nature from her care,” but
the author of this book. expressing
amazement at “the cockney limitation
of that thought,” admires them as na-
ture’s most brilliant paintings.

Prof. Van Dyke has effected an
admirable combination of seemingly
inharmonious elements; his science
and his art unite without a suture.
He analyzes without being dull. He re-
cords impressions without affectation,
and obtains literary decoration with-
out a suggestion of the dictionary cf
quotations.

_—_—

Years of Childhvod,.

A Russian, and a Russian only,
would dare write a large volume of
three hundred and forty pages record-
ing the impressions of his first eight
years in the world. This has been
done by Serce AksaAkorr in his Years
of Childhood, now translated into
English by J. 8S. Duff (Longmans,
Green and Company). At first the
reader feels that the book can only
be a contribution to child psychology
and fit material for James Sully to
work upon. Before the end, however,
the Russian has justified himself and
the book is worth reading not only as
a novel of manners and customs but
as characterization. There is:no pilot
or invented story, but the minute de-
tails, heaped upon one another, give
not only a vivid picture of a country,
an age and a society. but of, individ-
vals, till the reader finds himself as
closely bound up in the fate of those
individuals as in any hero or heroine
of romance. The chief figures in the
narrative are ‘ie father and mother
of the author. he author was born
at Ufa. in the district of Orenburg, in
1791. At the time his father held
office in the tuwn and his grandfather
owned large estates in the country, to
which the author later fell heir.

The hook forms an interesting cone
trast to Gorky’s “My Childhood,”
which describes the violence, igno-
rance, sordid misery of the peasant
clase, with bright gleams of amazing
intellectual energy breaking through.
Aksakoff, on the other hand, belonged
to the upper classes, and while the
life he describes is somewhat lacking
in refinement and delftacy, it, at least,
lets us see the great gulf that existed
between the conditions of the upper
and the lower classes,

Aksakoff died in 1859 and there is
no note of revolution in this volume
which carries the author, a delicate,
imaginative, impressionable child, from
his very first memories to his eighth
year, From babyhood, practically, he
was interested in literature. His repue
tation, which stands very high in
Russia, is founded chiefly upon his
two volumes of memoirs, the prese
one and another called "A Family
History.” This latter volume begins
with his grandfather and carries the
author through his college days, so
that the translated votume would
chronologically belong in the middle
of the other one. Maurice Baring
says of “Years of Childhood":

The pictures of nature, the poriraitsa of
the people, all the good and all the bad
of the good and the bad old times pass
before ‘one with epic simplicity and the
magic of a fairy tale. One is spellbound
by the charm, the dignity, the good
nature, the gentle, easy accent of the

 

and it is careless and incomplete to] speaker, in whom one feels convinced that

describe mountains as always beauti-
ful, for mountains have too much per-
sonality—since we are using that kind
of ianguage about them—to be always
heautiful,

The red men of the American plains
regarded the mountains with more
fear than yffection, and clothed them
With superstitious beliefs, The Sioux
lelieved the Great Spirit rested upon
the summit of the Rockies; cloud
streamers in the sky were the feathers
; of his war bonnet or the smoke of his

pipe. The minor peaks were inhabited
| by evil spirits seeking to destroy him.
| Wakonshecha, the evil one, lived in
deep caves and canyons, And of
course such myths are as ola@ as the
race. Were not the mountains seat-
tered by Titans in combat? In India
Shiva the creator was supposed te
tiwell in the remotest heights of the
Himalayas, “It was from the moun-
| tain tops that Buddha and Christ
jascended into heaven; from them
| Moses received tho tables of the law
| and saw the Promised Land; and in

the heights of the Caycasus Prome-

theus was chained.” Pujiyama is a
| sanered: mountain. Apollo and the

Muses assembled on the top of Par-
nassus, Zeus looked down upon the
world from the peak of Olympus, The
elder Scandinavians peopled the
heights with gnomes. The Germans
placed the witches’ dance of Walpur-
gisnacht high on the Brocken. In
later tlmes the world came to believe
in good spirits as well as demens
dwelling in the heights. In the Mid-
dle Ages hermits sought seolusion in
mountain fastnesses, and shrines were

placed in the high hills,

Ruskin would not “pass” in geology
to-day: “He is right in pointing out
that the mountains with their ragged,
upright lines sive a feeling of action,

}und that the plains by their flat, horis
| zontal lines give the opposite feeling
lof repose; but he is misleading in
| likening the mountains to the violent
| muscular action of man ‘brought out
with fierce and convulsive energy, full
j of expression, passion and strength.’
| It is a false analogy to say that ‘the
| mountains are the bones of the earth.’
And to intimate that they have risen
hy initial energy into ‘vast pyramids
or wedges, flinging thelr garment of
earth away from them on eich side,’
ix to put forth an untenable concep-
tion of mountain making.” Mr. Rus-
kin was too subjective, Children in
achoo] are taught to see in long ranges
a continental backbone; but the line
is not of strength but of —e

 

there was nothing common or mean, who
Wasa a gentleman by character as well as
by lineage, one of God's as well as of
Russia's noblemen.

The present volume is quite en-
thralling enough to make its readers
hope for a translation of the author's
other volume of memoirs.

 

KEEPING UP WITH THE LIT.
ERARY GAME.

“The Poetry Review of America,” a
monthly periodical devoted to the in-
terests of American poetry in all its
phases, will begin publication May 1.
The subscription price is $1 a year,
and the magazine is to be published
in Cambridge, Mass. Among the con-
tributors to the first number will be:
Louis Untermyer, Sara Teasdale, Amy
Lowell, Amelia Josephine Burr and
Willlam Stanley Braithwaite.’

That the apostrophe, like the
hyphen, is a recent intrusion is the
statement of Francis o Sullivan

tighe (sic), author of the new Irish
romance, “The Portion of a Cham-
pion” (Scribner),

“The ‘o,'" he says, “is not a con-
traction of ‘of, as popularly sup-
posed. It is a corruption of the Irish
‘ua' meaning ‘the descendant of.’
Also the ‘o' should not be capitalized
except when the Christian name is
omitted.”

The word “tighe,” following the aus
thor's name, signifies “of the house,"
and it is the traditional designation
of his family as distinguished from
others of the o Sullivan clan. In pri-
vate life the author is just plain Sul-
Ivan, but he thinks that to print {t
so on the title page of his fifth cen-
tury romance would be anachronism,

Charles Hanson Towne, whose new
collection of poems, “Today and To-
morrow" (Doran) was recently is-
sued, is an editor as well as poet. He
controlled the policy of the Smart Set
when that magazine first won notice
and Was equally popular in this goun-

try and England, In those days Mr.
Towne “discovered” innumerable
writers, since famous, ineluding

Henry Sydnor Harrison, Justus Miles
Forman, Baroness von Hutten and
James Branch Cabell, Now, as editor
of McClure’s, he is finding many other
young authors to whom he is giving
opportunity and encouragement,

in the Philippines and a plea for the
independence of ‘the islands make up
the.theme of “The Case for the ¥j\).
pinos,” just announced by the Century
Company. The author, Maximo \
Klaw, is secretary to the Hon. Manue}
L. Quezon, Resident Commissioner of
the Philippines in Washington.

Mr. Klaw is a product of tha
American system of education estah.
lished in the islands, having grad.
uated from the University of Manil;
before coming to this country, Wie,
he took his degree in law at the
wane University Law Sehio}
1914, It was the ability with which
he managed his college literary maga.
zine at Manila that led to his being
callef to this country as assistant to
the Commissioner. He is a firm te.
Hever in the ability of the Filipinos
to govern themeeclves,

Ween Anna Katherine Green was
much younger than she is to-day sha
met Ralph Wald» Emerson. The ‘ereat
thinker took an interest in her as.
pirations to become a poet. This
meeting resulted In her sending him
fome verse and this, in turn, resulted
in a long letter of encouragement ty
go on in verse making. In reiation
to her verse, Emerson said:

“If our thoughts come in such wealth
and with such heat that we have no
wie fo i tch and obey and

ve em, the Question is
ine cae answered

So it was for the time being. But it
is now known that the question Anna
Katherine Green put in her early
youth has been answered differently:
and she is glad to be the author of
more than twenty-five mystery stories
of which “The Golden Slipper” is the
latest. :

 

‘\

Arthur Gleason, author of the new
book of war impressions, “Golden Lads"
(Century), is the only American whose
signed testimony us an eyewitness of
German atrocities in Belgium was j)-

| corporated in the Bryce report.

As a stretcher bearer working with
the first line of the Belgian army }
was twice taken prisoner by the Ger.

| mans, and it was while thus behind the
| German lines that, at Melle, he saw
| them burn twenty-six peasants’ houses
with peasants in them, and later talked
with eleven civilians—men, women and
a child—who had been used as a covey
by German troops and bayoneted jy
the process. One was a woman of
about eighty. The child, a gir! of
twelve, died from the bayonet wounds
in her back.

 

 

Rachel Swete Macnamara. author of
“Drifting Waters” (Putnam), explains
that her family belongs to one of the
ancient septs of Ireland-—the name
“Mac na Mara," as it was spelled of
old, literally meaning “Son of the
Wave." She writes: “I can never pe.
| Member a time when I did not write.
or rather, to be accurate, I used to
compose little rhymes before 1 could
write, which my elder sister used to
jot down for me.”

—_—_——

Tn connection with his new novel
“The Leatherwood God," which is now
running serially in the. Century, Wil-
jam Dean Howells recently received a
letter from an QOhioan living in New
York, who said that he aiso had for
years had his eye upon Dylxs, the pre-
tended “god,” as a theme for a story
which he even had begun to write.

-As the strange figure of the impostor
was a living memory in the @hioan's
youth he said he was happy that. after
80 many Ohio worthies of old time had
received attention, the man of the
Leatherwood region was to be “recov-
ered and set into American literature
by the hand of the master sculptor.”

Mr. Howells returns the compliment
by vouching for the fact that the few
pages of the story his correspondent
had actually written and passed on to
him were “good stuff, very simple and
straight.”

 

A special interest attaches to the
new nove! of bridge building “Web of
Steel” (Revell), in that the collaborat-
ing authors are father and son—tw
Cyrus Townsend Bradys, Dr. Brad)
the elder, needs no introduction, of
course,

Mr. Brady, the younger, was gradu-
ated with distinction from the Law-
rence Scientific School, the scientific
department of Harvard University, in
1908. He was at the head of his class
and received his degree, Magna Cum
Laude. He practised his profession
under the United States Governinent
in the Philippines, and afterwani fr
China and in the Argentine Republ.c.
where he is now the resident engines?
of the United States Products Com-
pany (Steel Trust) in Buenos Ayres

Young Mr, Brady has been also 4
frequent contributor to the Enyince'-
ing News and to other technical |
pers. He is the only American en-
gineer who holds the degree of civ!
engineer from the famous University
of Buenos Ayres.

William J. Robinson, yston
youth who relates his remarkal> 6\-
periences in "My Fourteen Moni)s «!
the Front” (Little, Brown), was bor
twenty-two years ago aboard an ol!
sailing ship in the middle of tie India
Ocean. He was three months old when
he first saw land, at Philade ‘a

The first six years of young Robi
son's life were spent aboard hs
father's ship and in that time he tra\-
elled around the world twice. Wher
he was 13 years old he entere! Ver-
mont Academy, Saxtons River, Vt.
and was graduated four yours ister

Mr. Robinson was abroad on !
ness (his twenty-third trip across thr
Atlantic) when the war broke o%
Later he joined the British arn.
was sent to Belgium with the expel>
tionary force, and became « despat’)
bearer. Mr. Robinson {s to contribu's
a series of war articles tu the Afantic
Monthly.

the

 

and

 

Stanley Washburn, author of (“Viev
tory in Defeat" (Doubleday, Page!
had unusual opportunities t ebsrrv?

the Russian leaders at the front He
experiences in Russia iniu'e |
luncheon with the Czar at th: impe

with

rial Field Headquarters, meet'! <>
Grand Duke Nicholas, Somezes and

others Ont of appreciation ter >
energy in seeking correct: news oe
Czar decorated him with the out?
St. Anne. Mr, Washburn con tts
Gen. Alexieff, the Russtin ¢ ta
Staff, as the most remarkable ™ ary
genius that Russia ha’ produced > "ee
Peter the Great. :

Mr. Washburn Is a young 1). 11 ‘ihe

a pieturesque career, which sii! an

newspaper work in his native cles
Minneapolis, and carried tin to Mane
churia at the outbreak of tie [s'> 0°
Japanese war. He was (en
Nogi's army outside Por! rt

served with the third Japanc army
until the end of the war, and “|
orated with the Order of the Iii!

A history of American sovereignty | Crown.