A TRAVELLER'S TALE
OF ARKANSAS CITY

He Plays Draw Poker at 01a
Man Greenlaw’s and Runs
Afoul of Bassett.

 

 

TNUSUAL DISPLAY OF GUN

By DAVID A. CURTIS.

“Tue Sux's poker stories of Arkan-
sas City have a peculiar interest -to
me," said the gray haired, young look-
ing man in the club smoking room,
“because of my owf personal expe-
rience in old man Greenlaw’s back
room,

“I played poker there with the old
man himself and three of his friends
in the vear 1882, and though I was
not made acquainted with his bung-
starter and was not fleeced of any
very considerable amount of money
there wag enough excitement attached
to the game to fix the Ancident In my
mind and make me realize how faith-
ful Tue SuN stories are in their de-
scription of the conditions actually ob-
taining at that time.

“I was representing some important
interests at the time of the great flood
of 1882 and it was neceseary for me
to go from Memphis to Little Rock.
Flood conditions made travel ex-
tremely uncertain and the most avail-
able route was by river packet to
Arkansas City, thence by rail to Little
Rock. I thought 1 could get there in-
side of two days, but it took me four.

“When I got off the boat I found
Arkansas City practically under water.
We landed on the levee, and such
buildings as were atop of that-there
were a few of them, including the rail-
road office and freight house—were
accessible enough, but back ‘in the
town the people were living in their
second stories. After a little search T
found one man in the freight house,
representing the railroad, and asked
him when the next train would start.
Tt was 9 o'clock Monday morning and
I figured on getting to Little Rock,
112 miles away. that afternoon.

“"They’s on'y one train. runnin’
now.’ he said. ‘She's went up this
s‘mawnin’ an’ she'll come back to-mor-
row if she gits through. An’ she'll so
hack Wednesday.

“Biff! Bang! There was forty-eight
hours gone from my schedule. I shud-
dered when T thought of what
ahead of me, for [| had stayed at hotels

 
  

; it

was | Botlen

 

    

Sreatly disturbed, but trying to speak
coolly.

“*Yo' can't open no jackpet on'a
pa’r o’ tens, not in Arkansas City,’ he
said, etitl more roughly.
struck the table with his fist as he
spoke.

“"But,’ J sald, ‘I didn't open the
pot. This gentleman opened it.’ And
I pointed at Pearsall. ‘I came in on
@ palr of tens, an I hed a right to do,’
T continued, ‘and I drew a third ten.
What's the matter with that?
are you going to do about it”
rather defiantly, feeling sure |
Others would support me.

“They did not, however, and | re-|
membered that etiquette forbids inter- ‘
ference with another's quarrel, i
when Bassett said again ‘It don't go,’
I interrupted him. . ,

“I leave it to the table, | said.
and looked around, knowing that if
appealed to they could speak without
impropriety.

“I will do old man Greenlaw the
justice to say that he did speak. I
think he saw that Bassett's outbreak
Was too raw, or at least that it was
iil timed, |

“'The gent'a right, Joe.’ he said.
‘He didn't open the pot. Shut up an’)
quit devillin’ on him,’ i

“But Bassett wouldn't shut up. or |
father he wouldn't be placated. He!
Jumped up. and [ thought at. first he|
Wee going to strike at me, but to my
Great surprise he rushed out of the
Place in a great hurry.

“ ‘What's the matter with that man”
T asked of the others. ‘Is he cfasy or,
-Juet plain drunk”

i
i

What
1 spoke
that the

“Oh, th’ ain't nothin’ p'tic'lar th’
matter with him, said the old man re-
assuringly. ‘Yo' all ain't got no vall to
be d'sturbed. He done killed a man day
befo' yesterday an’ he's been drinkin’
mo’ 'r leas ever sinc’t, When he drinks!
he's llable fo’ to be some quar lsome,
an’ he’s gone out now to git heeled. I
reckon somebody must a lifted hie gun |
off'n him. But yo' all needn't to mind. |
The boys won't let him come back.’ {

“I didn't know ‘the boys’ and t did;
mind, s0 1 did a heap of quick think- |
ing. First, I thought of my own gun, |
which was in my arip over at the!
hotel. How it came to be there in- |
stead of in my pocket was somewhat |
curious.

“A few days before a friend in
Memphis had noticed that I was darrse |
in@ it and sald to me, ‘You'd better |
put that thing away. If you are caught }
carrying it in Memphis you'll be sent |
to the calaboose sure. It's a new law
and we're keen about it. The Mayor)
of a Kentucky city was locked up for |

last week.’ i
“So T had put it in my grip and for- :
it, not having the habit of
toting it except when | was travelling.

 

in other river towns, but if 1 had) Just now it seemed as if 1 might want

known what I did later on T reckon

ft, and 1 said, as lightly as 1 could, !

I'd-have fainted. 1 firmly believe that | ‘That's all right, but if it’s all the same,
the only hotel in Arkansas City at that/to you I'll go and get mg own gun. |

time was the worst one on earth.

“By Tuesday afternoon I was almoat
desperate and T ventured into a bar-
foom near the notel. The loose tim-
bers that were tied together for 4
sidewalk were flonting in the water
end f Yad to pick my way along om
these to get there, but T felt that I
must go somewhere.

“M& silent bartender joined me in a
drink readily enough, and T looked
around, There was a little back ropin
to the place, and as the door was
open I could see that three men were
playifig cards in there.

“I Was not acquainted with anybody
in the town, hut from what
read since then IT krow now (hat one
of them was old man Greenlaw. Tire
two others must have been Winterbot-
iom. and Pearsall. 1 didn't see Blais-
dell. Possibly he had not joined the
combination at that time. Certainly
there was no such remarkably fine
work. done In the game as he is sald
to have been capable of, though the
play was obviously crooked,

“I knew enough of poker to see that
the cards were marked and that the
eld man, at least, knew the marks.
He pretended to have poor sight and
to be afflicted with a sort of incipient
palay that made him slow and clumsy
» dealing, but T saw that he was read-
ng the cards as he dealt. It was
coarse work and did not deceive me
for a minute, but I presume the play
waa better after Blaisdell! sat in.

“I doubt if the three were trying
te win from one another, Probably
they were trying to entice me, but the
same was not a big one and | was
perfectly willing to lose a little money
for the sake of a little amusement, so
afier IT had watched them a few min-
nies | asked if I could take a hand.
1 didn't expect any objection, and none
was made, so I sat in.

“There was no conversation and !
found enough interest in the game
!o content me Without wanting to talk,
for it was very funny to see how
openly they were playink together for
my: money. As | did not propose to
lose any great amount, however, IL
played along, enjoying myself fairly
well until another man came in.

“He was, I think, the best looking
man I ever saw. ‘Tal! and magnifi-
cently built, he had a fine face and
jet black curly hair, but he was un-
pleasantly abrupt in his manner and,
as I soon learned, remarkably il!
tempered.

“He saw al a glance what we were
doing and without a word took @ va-;
Vant whair at the table and waited
fo the next deal, when a hand waa
feali to him as a matter of course,
His name was not mentioned to me,
then or afterward, and it is only
through THe Sun stories that I have
identified him as Joe Bassett.

“Mr. Bassett had undoubtedly heen
deinking, though I did not imme-
diately perceive that, seeing no sign
of intoxication on him, I had been
‘osing rather steadily in the game up
i the time he sat in, but it happened
that for the next two or three rounds
! had a ijitthe run of good luck and
| took several pots, not large enough
make me a winner, but large
enough to provoke his anger, he being
the principal loser.

“He growled about it rather offen-
sively. and it seemed to me that he
wanted to fix a quarrel on me, though
1 do not remember just what he said
at first. Whatever it was, it sufficed
TO Dut jie on my guard, for 3} never
uarrel at the poker table, and I felt
that under the circumstances it would
Le the height of folly to make any
retort. The last thing In the world
that seemed desirable to me was to
get into a difficulty in such a place
and in such company, 8o I made him
no answer, but made up my mind
thet if he said anything more I would
quilt the game.

“Then [ won another pot in which
he wax a ioer, Jt wasa Jackpot, As
1 wast raking in he spoke up vio-

in

it

Jenfis, glaring at me in open wrath,
Yoat don't go, stranger,’ he sald.
‘Yo ail eat play no sueh poker as

tet, Not in Arkansas City yo’ can’t.’
“What's the matter?’ I asked,

|

 

 

T have |

a

——

That man may come back.’ i

“Oh, very well. That's nachul |
enough, said the ol@ man, and I went, ;
leaving my chips on the table, though |
T did not feel sure that I would come |
back. IT did not want the company to
think | was running away. i

“Ss | went 1 had another thought, ;
which was that probably the safest |
place for me in Arkansaa City was!
right there at the poker table, since}
my enemy would surely find me if he
went looking for me, no matter where |
| might be. At least there'd be wit- |
nesses there who knew what hed hap- |
pened.

“So bo got my gun and went back.
When | reentéred the room the old
man leaned bach and pulling a der-
ringer out of each of his hip pockets
laid the two of them atongside tis
chips on tie table,

“It's damned onhandy settin’ on
them things,’ he sald quite casually,
end nobody else said anything. but T
noticed that Winterbottom drew a re-
volver and Pearsall a knife. placing |
them a!so on the table. !

“It seemed evident enough thai no}
one had any very firm faith

'

in the
hoys'’ ability to keep Baasett away. so
I laid my own gun with my chips and
sat down facing the door. 1! wanted to
see him. first in case he should come.
Then the game went on as if nothing
unusual had happened or was expected.

“Nothing more did happen excepting
that I lost money for the remainder of
the sitting, rather more rapidly than
I had at firat. Perhaps | was nervous,
Anyhow ! was thinking principally
about how long I'd better stay there
@0 as not to have the eppearance of
running away from a fight. The
money seemed comparatively unim-
portant at the moment, but after a
time 1 professed to be aimost busted
and said I reckoned I wouldn't play
any longer, as I wanted to keep enough
in my pocket to pay my fare out of
town.

|

 

“IT presume they believed. as I
wanted them to, that IT had no more
money with me. At all events they

made no objection to my quitting the
game and no effort to induce me to con-
tinue. Probably the old man had not
systematized his business so well then
as he seems to have done after that.
Anyhow I lost no very. great sum in
the place and | got out witpout any
diffcuity beyond what | have told.

“The whole thing seemed rather like
a bad dream after TI had gone beck to
the hotel, and the more I thought of it
the leas I could realize the truth of it,
though | knew enough of the life ot |
the river (owns at the time not to be}
surprised at lawless conditions, and I |
freely confess that | wae still nervous
about the possibility of encountering
Bassett again. So | made some ini- |
quiries about him and discovered that |
what the old man had told me about
him was in fact the truth.

“He had killed a man two days be-
fore and ‘had been drinking more than
usual after doing it. Moreover he had
the name of being quarrelsome, eape-
cially when he was drinking. Despite:
this, however, he seemed to be we!!
liked in the community, and when I
asked why he was not locked up aa |
liminary to a trial for the killing the |
landlord of the ‘hotel said that =|

had been an inquest and that the Coro-
ner had held him to answer to the find-
ings of the Grand Jury when that
should convene. He had, however, al-
lowed Haasett to go at large on hisown
recognizance, es it was not considered
likely that he would rua away, and |
anyhow, it was improbable that the
Grand Jury would take any action in|
the matter on account of his popu- |
larity. |

“After ‘hearing all this J waa atill
more impatient to get away «and I in-
quired anew about the train. | was
then told that T would have to go, by
‘canoe, nine milea through the woods,
to meet it the next morning, an so
much of the road had Leen washed
away by the flood.

“LL saw no more of Basseit, but 1
took good care to get an early start the}
next morning, and t don't think | ever!
‘eft any place with less regret than 1
came away from Arkansas City the
only time I was ever there.”

  

 

POEMS WORTH READING.

April ts fa the tand.

 

And he Apri! te in the land, and is weaving for

her wearing

A garment of green and gold from tne

shining threade of the sun;
Vrom the rim of the dawn
will epread for our far foot faring

 

    
       
 

to the eve she

A path where the bioseome dance and the

ripples of rapture run!

April i@ in the land, and

Gutes and tabore,

And there's never a jarring sound that

the breath of her music mare:

shout to their neighbors,

And the biue winds cry to the sky. and

there's singing of midnight stars!

April is in the land, Lorn: of the days that

darken,

Sprung from the barren hours, the how

of dolor and dearth;
April
and harken,'

Le, you shall see arid hear a harmeny

old ae earth! .
‘ CLINTON SCOLLanD.

 

Rainy Day in the Park.
Along the winding pathways lie
Gray pools of water in between
The pedvies, where the giint of ely
Heflected gray ie even.

And where abou' the ponds the eedge,
O'eriaden, droope ite heavy head,
The dul! drops fell upon the edge
Of melting ice like lead.

Deep in the withered grase is heard
A rain ound cricket's cheeriese cry;
And note of some far homing bird,
Beneath the desolate sky.
M. E. Bonnien.

 

Treth’s Avenue.

Fram the Bridgeport Life.

O etty' mad with Just and @in,

Where sad and joyful millions dweil,
Bound by the giitter and the ain

Held fast by some pecullar spel!

Of light, or darkness horn In hell
Where seekers after truih are faw

Who to the world thelr wiedom tet!,
And heip to pave truth’s avenue—

Where human spiders wait and apin
Thelr web of lies ta buy and se!)
Their brothers, sisters caught therein.

Though helpiom thelr poor souls rebel

ud, lamenting kbell
eading tanea to
and evils ¢o expe!
ve truth’s avenue—

And cry fn
That speaks in
These wron
And help to

City of profnise, ob, begin

Your mu®ky foulneaa to dispel’
The: rectitudy now worn-and thin,
May rise a ignty sentinel

 

you

    
 

py ith Semine enerd theae wrongs to quell.

THOR ® | no bane or curee pursue
‘he an and woman, beggar. swe!!
Shall help to pave truth’s avenue.

BNTOY,

Bee Juatice for her citadel
Sends out her searchlight

true,
That all may see thie miracie
And help to pave truth® avenue
CaTeemxe Tavion

  

Another Investigation.
From the Washington Star

Golden sunshine flowing
Freely from the aky.
Rlossome gayly glowing
Where the breezen sigh;
Robine lightiy singin
®@ongs of iad content—
All (hat nature's bringing
Doeen't coet a cent!

Wondor how she worke It,
It's a curfous way,

And she never shirke it
As titge elips away,

laboring se cheaply
For a happier stare’

We should ponder deepis-—
Tat's investigate.

 

Napatica.
From the Beston TYranecript
Hepaiica. thy flower face,
Prultion of a hardy race.
Reflects the cldud streaked April shy
And decks the hank wh
And fallen branches interlace.

Sof: coats of brown thy stem embrace,
Tony spreading roetiets hold thy place

And feed where tender plants would die,

Hepatica.

ride thy leaves efface
sieekness for thy grace

Content, thate sp te thee sup):
If thou he pleasing to the eye

They vat in meekness at thy bane,

ica.
we Avice M. Suerann.

Duck Negte.
Prom the Edison Monthly

The city is taken of twilight.

Siow, hy ealffey and street.
Glimmering square and thareughfare
The wings of the dim dusk bea::

Pale on a solemn tower,
Pearl on «# roofe sharp ridge

In (oving
Taelr lobe

 

Dun and brown where the hi @ step down

To river and shore and bridge.

Highwaye are strange with gleaming:
Fhe span of a lofty track

Arches the sir, unbeamed end bare,
Its girders lost in the biack

Then.
Su
A sky

igh te,
Marvellous, tier on tfer

 

 

ate darkened corner.
enly, Straight and sheer,
scraper emites the dusk with

   

And high and wide of an {netant,
Angie and curve and apire.

Turret and dome and #!ndowed home
Sparkie with jets of fire.

The city {a taken of magic.
Scintiliant splendid, white-

Touched tn the dark of an bumbie spark

And limned on the atartied night’
Nascy Brap Tvranan.

 

Garden Fiettes.

Prem the Port Plain Mandard.
He dug the best potatoes
chat ever graced ea dish:
His tomatoes were wonderful,
Up to any wish

Hia peas were the fattest.
In each pod there were @ int,
And his beets were the Gneast
That ever got by rot.

Hie corn war the leader
In rows by many numbers.
Ané@ he pulled down al! the prises

With hia smooth and big cucumbers.

His cabbage wae the heet
er raleed by any man;
His asparague far azceeded
That which ever went in cap.

 

Ail hia produce was perfection.
weeds—

Not a sign of any 6.
He was dreaming of t pictures
In hia catalogue of eceeds.

 

 

The New.

Prom the Boston Tranecript.
Put hand to the work of to-day
With passion of joy and will,
‘To-morrow is ae far away
Asa star above a bill.

‘Though the torrént’ te crpee le wide
And often stern in ita flow,

On the fairer other eide
The lilfes and roses grow.

e
Though the mountain fe hard to climb
And rises bold from ite base
Into the clear sublime—
lim top for repose has piace.

If the seal for your work endures
Your journey must upwerd be.

If the land ia no longer vours
What matter'—accept the nea.

Your life.ia the Jife of your soul,
And your soul shall never die.
The now {ts your only goal---
You cannot the now deny.

ALaneon TOCESB SCHUMANN.

Ber Charm.

Prom. the Richmond Times-Dispatch.
Nhe was not very Beautiful,
Nor even very dutiful, |
Hut.yet she won inen's hearts;
For ehe could caok tuo beat the hand,
And suitors ate from her fair hand
Whon it held cakes or tarts,

A Diecunalen.

Said the musing river to the hill:
“ft am older far than you are.”

 

 

Answered then the dreaming hill;
“Nay, you are because of me.”

Mocked the wind fsems down the vale:
“Granted one fe ol@er, then

Whe {se older afll than he?

One muat be, else he were noi!”

The musing river watched the hill,
And the dreaming hill Jouked down:
One must be, but who?

They frowned, ‘

The wind, amused, went on
» Astucs Wiitacs Peace.

The ivric vales rejoice, and the hilitops
|

streng and

dead \eaves ile

ite

ie tuning her

fa in the tand, aad if yeu but look

 

}
i
!

{
|

i
!
!

|

|
|

   
 

 

Re@arding the reataurant in Greenwich

Village with walls covered with play-/the Contract at three diamonds, doubled

bills: Charies H. Britting. born in New- |
ark, N. J. of German (Bavarian) par-
ent# In 1848, started-« little restaurant
in Greenwich Village at 126 Greenwich |
avenue and was there for forty-one
yearr. He was intimately known to in- |
numerable actors. A big, paunchy, genial |
mai, clean shaven, with a plensant face. ,
He died about a year ago, his weight be- ;
ing at the time 268 pounds. 1 frequented |
Brittigg’s place, which he liked to call |
“Britting’s Little Theatrical Hall of!

  

Fame." Many yearn ago Britting be- |
2an to decorate his restaurant with
framed: old playbills and soon every

square foot of the walla was covered. |
There were pictures of all sorts of the-!
atrical favorites, and souveniie of many |
kinds—costumes, wige, swords, and so |
forth, which had been owned by old time |
players. He dealt in those things and |
it hae been said of Britting that he left |
@ome $40,000 as hie profite from this:
source. He bought old playbilia in large!
lots, and in one package found a bill of |
tne play from the Naseau Street ‘Theatre
of 150 years ago: this he sold at once
to 4 well 10 do collector for $100,

He began hin little aleak and chep
house with about a dozen tables; when
1 visited it some two vears ago those
‘sho dined there had to push aside the.
heapa of theatrical antiques to eet room
for their plates, cups and saucers. But!
Britting's Little Theatrical Hall of Fame ,
is now no more. i

Que of Britting’s last steady lodgers |
and boarders was that aterling old melo-
dramatic player, John B. Studley. Stud-
lex iived many yeara with Britting.
sombre, distrait, repellant, and, dying
when he was about 80, left a twenty-
year-old black suit and silk hat to his
landlord. Britting told me that the euit !
was for sale, but T am not aware that!
he ever disposed of It. Studley waa in
the restaurant one day. A gentleman
entering to dine, Britting presented him
ty Studley. The acior, highly offended, ;
tlrew himself up in what must have been |
his old time Old Bowery melodramatic
manner and, his eves flaming, cried: ;

“Britting, [ would have you to know. |
sir, tnat | do not wish to have vou pre-
gen: any one to me in this place; nor
will T tolerate being presented to any
one! Remember that. sir!”

Britting hastened to apologize as ab-
Jectly as possible to the jrate actor,
and Studley strode haughtiiv from the
room, Www.

The restaurant in Greenwich Village
that (. &. aske about was Uritting’s, at!
126 Greenwich avenue. The walia of |
the little room were covered with playv-
bilis of New York theatres of the ‘40s, ,
‘608, ‘60s and '70s—many very valuable,
It « sald Britting never sold a playbill, |
no matter what price was offered.

His place was a resort of actore and!

 

 

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1916 3
‘ QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS. SOHOOL FOR CARD PLAYERS.

a wie ne, MITEL DR Oa ee Ray, hy oe, ee , Ree

ree, ;
of

NOVEL POINTS OF THE LAW.

 

 

The right of a passenger on a trolley
to recover money taken from him

Auction Bridge, ©. H. G. enya: Z% A
car
: robbery in the presence of the con-

» A and redoubled by %. The declarer
succeeds in making five odd. We are in
doubt as to the exact score to be credited
to Ze side.

Redoubled diamonds are worth 28 a
trick, so there ia five times 28, or 140,
below the line for @ame. Honora are
scored as held. 7 alao gete 100 for ful-
Alling a redoubled contract and 200 for
two tricks over that contract, making 300
in bonuses,

ductor warn passed on by the Su-
preme Couwt of Indiana in Bepp vs.
Indianapolia C. and &. Traction Com-
pany, in Which the court heard an appeal
from an order sustaining the defendant's
demurrer to the uit. The court in ite
opinion cefera to the rule speaking of a
carrier’e duty as to personal effects re-
talned in a passenger's possession being
to exercise reasonable care to protect
them from lows or injury, but saying this
rule does not: extend to large sume of
money or other property of @xceptional
value retained by the passenger without
the knowledge of the carrier, It declares
this statement la ¢o be qualified by mak-
ing the carrier liable for a reasonable
amount of persona) effects, including a
teasonable amount of money for
travelling and other incidental expense,

FA. B. maya: The dealer starte with
one no trump. <A and Y¥ passes; B bid-
ding two hearts, Without walting for Y
the dealer, Z, bids two no trumps. When
A and Y pass again B goes to three
hearts, and when Z and A pass Y goes
three no trumps, holding these cards; no
hearts; king queen jack ten of clubs;
ace jack ten five of diamonds, and kine
Jack ten and two amall epades, The no
trumper was set one trick. The question
an arose an to the soundness of Y's

a.

 

 

 

 

for the return of the jack on satiefactiun

 

 

 

 

 

rr a a

‘iI ‘

 

Vinetr subscriptions to the Marshall-
| Janowsk! bout and there seems to be
seatvely any doubt that the required
sum will be raised and the date for the
beginning of the match announced in
due time Intending subscribers are

CHESS FOR PLAYER,
LOVER AND STUDENT | guiecvitions ‘te the treceutes Sioa

, ) American Chess Bulletin, Sun Building,
Jaffe Must Do Without a7o0, *°" "rr" New York

Analytica!

Work.” .

 

| A new auministiation of the Brook.
‘Iyn Ynstituie cness Club was mace uf
sal (he meeting on Ape Fouts
‘are the names of the officers and
execuiive commitiee: CC. Langing Hays,
| president; Edward Hehr, flrst vice-pr
dent; Maward Taylor, second vicespreat-

JUSTICE SCANLON DECIDES

 

  

 

dent; Charles Wolf, secretary; John @.

| Verey, treasurer; Reuben Gotdamith,

j Hares Zirn, Albert Wo Parker and

A novel tawauit involving wn inter. | Bayard S. Litehfleld, executive commft-
esting point for chens players was de. | tre: The Columbia University Chess

cided Tuenday by Justice Michael y.{ Curb, defeated by the Institute club dure
Scanlon, before whom « hearing was | (MR the winter, bas asked for a return
held in Part 2 of the Bronx Municipal | meted amt will probably be accommo-
Court a week ago. The principals in toe | Geted at an early date,

case were Charlex Jaffe, plaintiff, and! ern

Hartwig Cassel, defendant, the former; Games played in the championship
having brought suit to recover $700 as | tournament of the Manhattan Chess Clubs
a fee for work allexed io have been! UEEN . anes

done fn analyzing certain variations of , Kt SUN merie Evers. Utamevene

 

 

 

 

 

Y should have taken his partner out ome? watches, clothing and such other) the Rice gambit, an opening in chess Wine wa Kwan "or
- ; articles for personal convenience, pleas- | oOrminated by the lute Prof. Isawc «I P-Qs PQs HIG WES Re
of the no trumper on the Arst round With | 4. and comfort ae are reasonably suit-} Rice. Jaffe alleged that the defendant) 3 RURE Ke KBs 20 Kes Keke
at least two spades. On the second round, | sete to the ; tion in life, the | 184 s#ked him to untertake that wor! GPKS = Okt Qe 2 nese
when the dealer shows he haa the hearts | Oascenger'’s station ' which was io be uxed ax part of a bovk | 4 B-Q't rene 24 R-BA -Ra
| Journey he'ia taking and possible acci-Jte he published under the title of | oa Whe 24 RK H- Kes
stopped at least twice, and enough out: | dents sickness and sojournings on the| Twenty Years of the Rice Gambit.” | pig rs 33 bans an
aide to go back to no trumps without). for which a reasonably prudent Jaffe's only witness was Marshall, the! © Hg? Cantlee = | 27 gk n-E
wailting for his partner, four spades looks aa ’ United States qhampion, by whom he is v Rt ay x Ki-Ktt | 29R-KKU P-Kta @
like a safe bid, If tife dealer does not like | 2" Would provide, employed ax a chess instructor. Mar 11) Kicks Rrekid’ [a0 QcRO” .
; There is no distinction as to street car} shall's testimony wan to the effect that! 19 B-KE Kt-Qe 4t QQ ch
it he will call his minor suit and there nmere f others, and the court in| the Plaintiff has w standing ae a chess | 14 ish Qr8 | Lor ch -KS
must be nine trumpa between the two}! : expert and the work in question, if cor-) 15 V-QR3 Kt-Qa3 [44 K Rake
hands in either clubs or diamonds, which reversing the lower court sald it think®} rect, had a reasonable value of tie i? bia ir Kis 1S Pitts ce
Be ee itee) ene en eee ae that there are “sound reasons for deny-| amount sued for. ‘the plaintiff occu-| 18 R-H Ki-Kts) (30 R-KBS Resigns
looks like @ little slam if Z really has &! ing in the case at bar appellant's conten-| pied the witness chalr for upward of DOUBLE RUY LOPEZ.
no trumper. tion that a recovery in full for hie loss; an hour, Harry J, Sondheim of the firm | Ranbir. | Reubit-
- of property may be predicated on the!or Alexander, Cohn & Sondheim con-) check Bernstein. | scheek. Berna
rR. R. saya: There wan considerable | fallure of appellee’a conductor to protect] ducting the examination on behalf of | yas, gee: | apie Fieck.
diacussion aa to the correct opening bid, ;4im from personal violence.” the defendant, woile 1. Fabricam acted) 2 kt KS Kt-On3 | 4 P- Pr
no acore on the rubber game, when the ss in behalf of the plaintiff. 3 Re Bs Kt 83 10 Pe Pp
dealer held these cards: Jack, nine, eight The jury have the absolute right tu The witnesses called in behalf of Hart- * Rania antics | 1 a : ky
small in hearte; @ix clubs to the ace. | qualify their verdict in @ homicide case! Wig Cassel were Julius Finn, A B46 Pgs VOR | UF BsPeh | Kea
king, queen: the ten of diamonde and the | by addin: “without capital punishment,” Hodges and 1. Rosenthal, all prominent; 7 B-hts Bxkt Resigns
king small in spades, | Without disregarding thelr oaths, though BS re we of ear oad i beer. . RUY LOPEZ.
: there ne ‘ Wa ae at ne had beer aske iY the late Prof. ernstein, Kapehik. | Bernstein, K
The usual bid on a solid minor suit, State 4 Gentes ta 6 rw > aoe | Nice siortiy before his death to act for yeits. oieck. ® White. Wie r
good for six tricks but with no sure Thim am referee and to dectde whetver or) Ske ns ke ons 2h Rat? 8
reentry, is two clube, This shows the! Damages are recoverable from the | not any analysis submitted by a coverie | eis Ru v ans ws Rk I~ Re
partner the precise nature of the hand, | owner of land for the death or injury | °%,'v#ding Now York players and to be! 4 He ia fue ii tt: i fie
ak ; ie | Of w child of tender years, even though | !rinied in the volume referred to were: & ty: 2NV-KB4 Kt-htck
' her bid can, Some will gamble! ° 3 “1 i 2 26 PK
as no ot e ‘echuteally a irespasses, who har been neceptable. he Jaffe analysis came in! 7 ghktech Pah 20 KK Kt
on the partner's having high cards | atipacted to the place ‘of the accident | Ce course to fix attention and he de-: a Kine ioe y i Be Wet
enough in the other suits tu stop them thereon by dangerous agency In the eer aS ie eat aa fakes eal 10 It ons tastes lhe Right pap
: i i an ‘ r to rinted, eS oni Qh RK it WB
and will bid no trumps. But if Oe | eh wer Chee ba a Ronanihal testified chiefly that the tats {12 B Ro Hohn ita Rehe A
partner has those cards he will ®> 20] wasn, 16¢ Pac, 461. ; ‘ "| Prof. Rice was the only one who ever |}, Ri QKs Kis | aa Ree ihe
truinps himeelf and have the advantage | me for analyses of this sot. 1s Ri nes w Kea | 37 K-Q2 hens
of getting & lead wp to concealed | where plantlt.. who exchaue tl afier'a netrn saoskiernion iron integers Siege ae Rhee AI
hand, ‘horse for a jack, sued to reaciid he-! : © tte wet one | 8 ens QeKS PRI PKA
| cause of breach of warranty of the jack,! $03 erdict for the defendant, allowing | WREGS Rowe at KR KOKS
JOT. Mo save: We play a great deal! the judgment for plaintif€ for the full Sveum lin Pats rite pt p- Rik
of duplicate auction in this town, but) Value of the horse should have provided : a . 22 Kt-h2 BRS Resigns
The Cuban champion, JR. Capal anes,

 

  

 

    

    

 
  

   

a few public men who loved to look! «ome take 40 for unfinished gaine, : i on
over the old playbills. Jt is said that} and some do not. Others again add 126 | of the money judgment. ‘oats vs. satan egg interesting Drow eodings | in the At the Empire City Chess lun @
many an impecunious actor went to} for a game won, whether on one hind Cal. App., 154 Pac. 491, ,oa .) est At Seattle ne miayed ii 1, Wasbington Heights hundicap tus heen
Britting’s without a nickel In his pocket,!or on the accumulated scores of wev- | eee hibition fifteen games O° begun, there being thirty-nine starters,
knowing Britting would not let him goj eral, while others add ie 125 only! ta St. John ve. St. John, In the Su-, 40 4. winning fourteen and losing On| playing ino cwe sections In the cham.
hungary. In the last year of the yee! when the game is made on the fndi- | prame Judicial Court of Massachusetts, | #4 on the diy folloning he encoun plonship supplementars imatel th psehuts
rant it was almost the home of many | vidual deal, Which of these methods js / i! ‘appeared that plaintiff was forced tu | ‘ed twenty sseven pli ern, WINTNg al) and Jusehke have won one game each,
actors who had seen betier days. Brit-| the correct one according to official leave her husband by his drunkenness. the gama, At tie conclusion of the rec. | FRENCH DEFENCE
ting’s knowledge of theatres of old! rules” | She removed to another town, where her Ord = performance tie following WH) onke Lipsetitz  deecthe. Lag
New York was wonderful. It was a i father-in-law, defendant, followed her} !anded to him | White Black Whire Wl
Great pleasure-to go to his place, get; There are af present no official rules | aud offered her $1,000 to return to her! Be tt resolved py the Seactic Chee and! | Tks hs a
one of hie beef stews. and sit and chat) for duplicate, those published in 1914! husbend and make a home for defendani. | Checker Clab that the members verv h ee ot KERB Kk we Bao Hale pse I ie
with him of a New York that few re-' 5. the Whist Club having been dropped. j Plaintif? accepted the offer, with the un-| (pre iate ihs css piasing wf Mo. J. It ~h: WWE
member. H. FE. Ksntonrt. an : : derstanding that the money war to be) ces’ ty) close in tate clon ; + PE WBS
Charies MW. Britting had a restaurant The majority of those who have ex- | pald atonce. After several months de- j; The members araAlINOtie age tia ¢ Re-Kts) Reka ne ae .
for forty-three years at 126 Greenwich , 4Mined the subject ure opposed to add-! fendant. who was a widower, FOREGO shibition OF a. Sem grnep SPs Pg ost na athe
‘ e bd | ele Piteed ‘ aie . y on ; 8
; avenue and for several decades the place | ing any bonue for an unfinished game, | 4nd left plaintiff's home without paying | ele aie king of WER PQA ae Pst? h
was # favorite with actors. Change! as it ie worth an equity of not more | {he $1,000. It was held that, defendant | certain ani decided! 7 MR Raia “ ve a on i
conditions and business invasions caused | 3 a having voluntarily left the home pro-/ 0? the king thar Seatie pia; “2 Kiet OR eR
Britting to retire. He moved his collec- | ‘Nan ten poinfs on averages. The score) vided, thereby rendering further _per- me hiss ‘acd Ereaily eniaved ine pace: ({EGREY Kee iapil-oke i-th
tion to a basement in West Fifteenth ; of 125 should undoubtedly be restricted | formance of the contract by plaintiff? ime] jigs chasm of hve “wersonatity and ne teh! rou AP Bs one
j 1 We is KR vn
street, where he lived alone until his; to game made on a eingle deal. as any | Possible, and plaintiff having fully per-| hia a hearty godapord and continued sic- | 1? ne B-Qe iwi nee”
SORRR' {8 SAFER,” TPES, | cavos score may be due entirely to | piaineiet on her part up to that time, | cess upon success, 7 k-B™ Kiohs a7 K Re Is Ka
W. M. Consett. ' ; plaintiff? was eniitied to recover dam- On April 6 Capablanca met thirty-nine Is Begs KEK bs RRS K-Q4?
luck ages for breach of contract. chess players at the Commercial Club; 8 Q- hz Wok JOR Rt ak Resigne
. WOKE Pak
nn Portland, Ore. He won thircy-
wr Cutt! ° < : at RUY Lorez
sensahah aatie ae Ca oe A car a eee a ei. ne eee ; — Supreme Court of Oregon — sian eceites ee te pear Linaah itz of sone Lipechute Juschke.
‘ . ° . nov: P 7 oe eee vee - z Whi' lacs i
any bottled or canned arations of |B says: ‘Turn them out; these seats|.” - sane of Biate we Wa ace Tonal exhib-tion, winning them all, Aito-j mp he iy Ws eon “ Mack.
3 prep Sd that the words “unmarried female” in a 2eQ he ths
it? What action haa it on the organa| have not won a rubber.” Y beta that sediotion -atatula mas he hala +: ins wether he vontewed ato Poridand €4, 2 Kh BS Wie a | cae he bby
or system when eaten? Where can 1! B has no right to choose the seats, and clude a divorced th ‘man. ‘The court | 8#™Me*: Of Thich he won 82 losing 2 ? t ie ine tt Be Kxk eh
' vs Peston 9: enmve 9 ‘ ‘, ese b) See Oe .
ane < about it and !te beat be he or Lyi by eens them A loses nis | anid: “Our attention has been culled to | eee a t was due in Sau Fran. a Cartiee Ht he
with other food? ARLIC. j right to choose. | Dut one reported case directly in point, | Aeea nes ete | tneke bon
Except as there may be recipes in = Nothing can deprive those cutting the in which it was held, under a statute! he ‘cat aos s ' is as les
i. - . practically identical with ours, that the ne last annial imneeting of the; @ P-os Nt
Ttalian, Spanish and other cook hooke! towest cards from having the choice of phrase ‘an unmarried female’ should be | Manhattan Chess Club a commitiee was 10 WAI Qe ‘ Ge
accessible in the New York Public Li-| seats. The laws state that the one with construed to mean a woman who hag | @bbointed to amend the constitution and | py Ite it On k
brary we are not able to give mach in-/ the lowest cut may consult his partner| never been married, and that the seduc- ear io a. ae mace wensu iting i Rheeke
' ‘ -| tion of a divorced woman is not a \io- humoer me na atier ‘ef?
formation as to where the inquirer can I before making his deciaion, and no pen ‘ation of the law. Yn Pratt va, Mathew,| @reat deliberation a new consiltution | ies!
find out ways of preparing garlic for) ality is preseribed for the partner's offer- 22 Reav. Rep 298 it fe said that the ard bw-laws hate been worked out, Toese | leek:
the palate. Its use (purely as a condi-| ing his advice before being asked for it.| word ‘unmarried’ does not necessarily | Were read to the members {n the quar. | pe
ment) is so limited in English speaking We ; ag ae} mon" ‘without having been married.’ and sey eediia ie di ae the Hs WOR
> oker c C. §. saves: A demandsithat no fAvwed meaning can be assi ned 1 y July * members WK he
countries that only ane mention occure the right to cut the cards after the hands | co it. but it must be Teainaa aad will have to decide whether or no! to RRS
in “Preparation of Vegetables for the | are all dealt but before the draw. A is ing to the circumstances of the case, | 4¢cePi the proposed revised constitution iene Q-
Table" by Maria Parloa (Department}in the current pool. This authority has been oited with ap- Sie ore h ee Mic “ar ne rer Rekeh  54Q Win Hess
, r : ° . nance such rules and believing that | Wi We 54 Q- Rr ck
of Agriculture, Farmers’ Bulletin 256) : The pack must not be disturbed after | Proval by many of the courts, and indeed | 7 WilUERAitate Antelilcant: cenaitcnasie Bhs eG hich Rowe
pe is approved in the cane of “Jennings vx. PSUITATS I aN’ ¢ at | Rs Resigns
beer ee aoe ase @arlic are use@/ihe first card ia dealt, although any Commonwealth, in which came the court | the committee briefly outlines the main _
they should never out, but separated : ‘ changes proposed : ‘ . ya
into ‘cloves.’ One clove will be enough player may demand the right to shuffle it | argues that since a diwrced woman has ! PROBLES No a58 0 SO MOTTO.

'
}
'

ee

 

 

ee.

——————_ —__ ee

for a smal! quantity of soup, sauce or | before it is presented to the player on the
gariie. | dealer's right to be cut.

ragout. Wever fry shallot or
Cook in the dish to be flavored about
ten minutes, then remove.”

Medicinally garlic promotes the ae (opens it

tivity of the excretory organs and has
atimulant and stomachic properties. It
ia used in bronchitis and lung tybercu-
losis. The ancients believed that garlic
shielded the field laborer from the ef-
fecta of the sun's heat. This and other
interesting historico-literary bits
mentioned in the article on garlic
the Encyclopedia Britannica.

are!
in

 

 

There are many versions of the origin
of the expression “I'm from Missouri:
9ou must show me.” which W. P.,
Adams aske about in “Questions and,
Answers" of March 5, bui the account!
which receives the moat credence is as
followe: In the early days of Mianouri
the country courts required that a man.
bring his prospective bride with him!
and present her to the authoritien before |
the marriage license could be issued. :
Sometimes the man would try to evade
the requirement and refuse to present |
the girl. Then he would be reprimanded |
with the expreasion, “You've xot to!
show me” The rebuke was generally |
considered a joke and the phrase spread
over the country.

GQn.ermnt KNipmerer. |

Will you kindly atate whether the
necessary education required to pass the!
examinations entitiing a German to serve
only one year in the army ‘einjaehrig |

freiwilliger) is absolutely free of all!
achool expense exrepting necessary |
books and paraphernalia. A. 1. G.

One of the staff of the New Yorker

Staats-Zeitung has kindly answered the!
question, He writes: |

“This education is ot absolutely free. !
As a rule stich examinations do not
take place. Pupils of higher achools ,
(gymnasia or Latin achoola which lead !
to entry to the universities and real-
achulen or highér commercial schools)
are entitled to @uch exemption if thev |
have been through the second highest |
clase, and thie without special examina- |
tions. j

"The feea in these jhigher sehvols
amount to about 130 marks a year, pay-

ta for DOOKS extra; the amounts uit-
r alightiy in the different States. How- |
ever, for poor boys exceptions are made. |
these bos« being permitted to use the
schools free of charge. Inability to pay
school money must be attested by a,
certificate.”

  

 

We are anxious to get in touch with
one or more companies manufacturing
crackers or biaculte 6? vertous Kinds in
or about New York. F. P. C. & Son,

Messrs F. P. C. & Son and other firms |
who frequently ask assistance in this!
sort of quest may most readily aceom-
plish their purpose by writing directly
to the manager of the industrial bureau |
of the Merchants Association of New
York, 283 Bron@way.

' liberty

or the one on the

| necessarily had experience in the techer-
+Ous ways of men, she le immune from
Es wiles and does not need the-pro-
'

 

Fight are plaving and A

C is lighting a
“I have siz cards
E

tection of the law. We oannot agree
with thia interpretation, however, for the
spirit of the law does not and cannot
take into consideration the wisdom and
experience of those whom it undertakes
to protect from wrong. We entertain
the view that law ‘a intended fur the
safeguarding of the virtue of the chaste
widow just as much aa for that of the
woman who has never been a wife.”

F. G. save:
B comes in.
cigar when D remarke
in front of me. © has only four.”
at once demands a new deal.

There is no new deal. If either C or
PD lifts a card the hand is foul, but it!
neither © nor D has lifted or looked at)
any card the dealer must be called on |
to draw a card, face down, from the six !
and give it to the four.

 

A recent decision upholding the valid-
ity of a atatute providing for the in-
spection of gasolene will no doubt give
meneral satisfaction. ‘The decision will
be found in State ve. Bartler Oil Com-
pany, 185 N. W. 1088. The holding is
to the effect that the prevention of fraud
and imposition upon the purchasing pub-
ie in the sale of a commodity, the
quality of which is not readily ascertain-
able, {s a proper object of police regula-
tlon asx well as the protection of public
safety; and a statute providing for the
testing of gasolone for gravity, requiring
it to be branded “Uneafe for Mluminat-
ing purposes,’ and requiring the word
“gasolene" to be Dranded and the gravity
atencilied on every barre! or package, ini
&@ proper police measure and is not in

10 G. ¥ saya: After considerable bet-
ting «A calle B, who saya, “T have a
straight, nine high.’ A shows a straight |
jack high and H sava “take the pot,”
which A does. ‘The others at the table
then call B's attention to the fact that
hin straight was also a flush in clubs
While A’a was made up of four apades
and aclub. Must A give up the pot”

Not afier B has acknowledged that he
lost it and told A to take it. He should
have laid his hand on the table ant let
the players decide.

 

 

Sixty -aix B. B. W. wave: It is A'sd contravention of the Constitution, It is
deal and B's lead. B eave he will close} further held that such a commodity, |
it at once. A bets that as no one canj| whether the subject of interstate com- |

trick, Mjimerce or a part of the general mass of
B objecta] the property of the Siate, ie subject to
inspection under the police power; but |
j the charges must be reasonable and in |
tended for the purpose of covering ex- |
A ‘is mistaken as to the terms of the | nenses of inspection, and not for the
privilege. Wt ja when a player is tn the | purpose of revenue.
lead that he may close, and as Bis in| =
the lead at the start, although he has} ‘The State of Oklahoma has @ statuce
: | providing that “unprofessional conduct” ,
not won a trick, he can close before he | vithoriging the revocation of a physi-
leads to the Arst trick ‘cian’s license shall include the obtaining |
of uny fee on the assurance that an |
Five hundred. H, 0, O. says: Mliy-) “incurable disease” can be permanently |
‘ug four hands, partnership game, A | cured, In Freeman va. State Board of
gets the bid in spades, The ace of dia-! Medical Examiners, 134 Pac, 56, it is
monds is led, and second hand puts on! held tbat the words “incurable disease” |
the Joker, takes the trick and leads the | mean any disease which has reached !
king of diamonds. He has no apades.! an incurable stage in the patient afflicted |

close except the winner of a
must lead first and then close,
to this on the ground that it will allow A
to renounce to the firat lead.

 

| A beta the Joker is a spade and second! therewith, according to the then general | 6 Castles

hand has revoked state of knowledge of the medical pro- |

‘ fession. ‘The court's conciusion is ex- |

A be corrent, i | preaned asx follows: "We are clearly of
hel int ‘or ‘ineur “i

4. P. maya: A objects to the holder] the opinion that the ware incurable ds |

ease in the seciian the statute
{question apply to the state of the divease
Tt 1 le void ¢ the fokei ‘which a patien€ may hive at the time
Ny : pny PHRMA AE RHP Samet the treatment of it ix undertaken by ,
denied. the physician and that,’if a physician
The player who leads the joker is ac! undertakes to treat a patient whe is
. suffering from # disease which has in,
fo name any sult he pleaser its progress reached an incurable state
Without regard to what he holds or what] gecording to the then gen@ral state of |
the previous play has been. ‘The only] knowledge of the medical profession and |
restriction in a no trumper is that they uccepts ® ie snow ee a ne |
: ; assurance tha can effect a permanen
doker cannot be played tos lend as cure of such disease, he would be
long aa the holder of the Joker can fol-
low sult.

af the joker in # no trump hand lead-
ing it and calling for a auit to be played

mas

guilty of unprofessional conduct as de-
fined in that section of our statute.”

 

1. 8 WK. save: Plasing two hand, A
melds 40 marrlage, trumps a triek with
the queen and lays down the other queen
and scores 180, H beta this is irregular,

BK ia wrong. It does not wmatter
whether A wads the queen in hie hand
le to trump with,

The owner of lands in ‘Vexus, induced
to exchange them for lands in Mexico,
by misrepresentations of the owner and |
his agent that auch lands in Mexico were
good and smooth, had a cause of action
to reacind the contract for fraud—Ben-
ham ve. Tiptea, Tex. Civ. App. 181
S..W. 616,

sia emetic hansen SSNS tigated eeassgs nena salaa Sciestisioemntconagdpuideieninmnminmcise ane iseas
tz s=
39
ae a
-v
62

| Raubitacheck,

1. Toa conmo'tdate the offices of record

ing and corresponding secretaries a. Biack -7 Peces
give the treasurer sole custod:
control of the funds of the
clud ineteed of haying these funds
itivided among two officiate of the cluls

   

tlons for reinstacement of mem
»@ fonsiiered upon the same tania

am appilcatton for new membership 4

    

No actfon whleh tundamentally affects
the interest of ever, ember shail }

taken without the conference of at least |
twenty-fve members 5. Honorary man. |
bers of the eclud sha!! not be elected uniess
at least nine members of the hoard of !
Girectors «are present at a meeting. 4. |
TAls paragraph deals w great iengta upon |
the provisions dealing with delinquen: |

 
 

members. 7. Nominations ‘or offcersa a:
directors for the ensuing vear to be p'ac i
twenty dave instead of ten days previuur
to the meeting for election on the bulletin
hoard. § To change the daie of the an-
nual meering from January to April,

The committee appointed to prepare |
the revision was comprised of Felix EF.

   

Kahn, Abraham lLazinsk, Herbert R. Whitten nian
Linvburg, Waller J. Rosenstein and! BUR Beare
Harrison B. Weil {| Whte to piay and mate in (wo moves,
eee ‘PROBLEM Ne Ost Moro VHOEBR”
Toe championship tournament of the! Biack--® Pleces

Manhatian Chess Club ia being played
on schedule, the scores to date benig us
follows: }
Beihoff, 0--3, Bernaiein, 8-1; Hodges, |
2--%; Koehler, 'g--1),; Kupchik, 3-9; |
y—-2'9. Rosenthal, 1-—2. |

In the championship tournament: of the
Isaac L. Rice Prog. essive Club the soures |

wt

es

of the competitors read as follows: , j % e
Kostic, 24ye-2'y. Kupealk, 2'y- ity P ¥ %
Bernatein, 2---1; Dornbachn, 2- 2; Chajes, | e, Ny.

geot's: Meruchess, 1-2 Morris, | Wie tg
sy 2 'y

A selection of games from both these |
Lourmnamenis is appended below, j
ss |
At the Knickerbocker: Field «lub
United States Champion Marsoull gave
a simultaneous exhibition the other day, |
winning eleven games, Josing one and
drawing one, On this occasion Capt. J
P, Hopkins, U. 8 A., won the following

 

PP GE > -

 

 

Wi

   

 

    
   

       

© 10 Ay wd Mate roo em
interesting game from the champion : SOLUTION Tee UTSOMEEIEM Nenana
DANISH GAMBIT 1 Kl Un, Haws & Riki. ;
Marshall Hopkins; Marshall. Hopkins b We HE. Risk a= “
hite Black, | White Mack 1 KtORS. Paik RAI. ws '
1 P-Kea Ke 7 P-KO KRt-his
7* ‘a bat & ih ' ys BOLE TION VO PROBLEM Neo ans
a P-OBS % 5 I a7
Chime OR ns OP RR Regs | LI RRR A taal
KK Bs hts " Ktzkt Q R7 inate | raed na. the al OAS
BK *The winntng move! Grice Pays Mass
~oonmees { Solutions ‘ ecelyed
For years pas! it seemed always dim! from Ta ol ciraosin, Neo York city,

’ ‘ ce Hur New Vork oi Fines Roberts,
cult to organize chess inv Buffalo. but! pis etpiia la bein et wher, New Vurk
this seupon a new Organization, the Bure oi). No Gevcgnin Whittnotiies Mass: H.
falo Consistory Chess Club, with hea. | Se Bede. AR aan tle, ys : r oa

ter 7 ay daucksan, Clinton “* ’ "
quartera at 146 Dale ware avenue, MAS New York citys Rovert nse mepae
been making things pretty Ively in the! tiarrishure, fo. dood Le ast Ur-
wieal metropolls on Lake Erie, Mlehardi anes Not ;
S J. De Niord, secretary, Mas been very | k Hann Bogie A v ie Rohe iS ¥ nid IP.
. ' ur eal viullon ty {xP “a
active, aint being supported by a hard! nin by aeane of We KIY John bh Laquin
working board of offlvers am! directors! 4) means of Qxl! and) Reber Bacon
lYWuffalo hax now been firmly and sube Selireiner and jeeoh Grossman hy Kt Qs
stantially placed on the chess map of tne), Sutin soiutous received) to Prab-
*nited RiAt of A oe oe pies Now toe and #5) from . Zeckea-
Unite tates 0 mericu. Arrange- }dort New York city; to Dreblems Nea
menta are being made to have two or J und G84 fom Alfonso Martines, Ha-
three gamer of the forthcoming mate) ne. Cube No Gavagaln _ Whittnavitie,
between Marshall and Janowski played | Aifrega Barroug, Wey Weal. Fiat

; o Problem No. 653 from Isidore C
under the auspices of the new Buffaly Mpcaulin . \ bed lore Cheraey,

organisation, and the club has also |

  
     

 

 

 

issued an invitation t6 the New York | at 2 SR RPoN De ce.
Siate Cheam Ansociation to hold ite suis SUN me fallowee Ohio, reports
annual midsummer meeting at Buffalo, On Saturday, Apris 8 the Ohio State
the meeting to be held 'n the home of the | Univers Cless (ean defeated Obie Wee.
Buffalo Conaistorys Vhe large awrite ean to ft in the afternoon and the
; wu . a We cou he evening hy © avare a@
torium of the Vonsiatory has been offer a 03%, (apt. Collins, Scnner, Clason,
for the place of meeting. ust wrence and Mitchell played for seate
{Viale iv the first of « number of matcher

 

to be plaved. and boos hoped that as much
terest wi'l be aroused here ae there ts in
?

During last week a great number of in
the Haat over chess playing,’ \

chess friends in thie city have forwarded

betein re oe