.

THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1916. ~

LLL

HUMANS

BY THREE MEMBERS OF THE RACE
Illustrations by a Fourth

THE WEEK IN RHYME

   

 

\
4

iy

(ON THE SMOKER OF THE 8:0

(|

 

 

 

TALES OF A JEALOUS WIFE |

 

4 , By DANA BURNET. By BURGES JOHNSON.
\I.---Aunt J ane Gets Busy HE Colonel's platform seems to be = Our intercourse with Germany ve ELLO, George! Lend me a match?" “Speaking of pergulus, djever hear that
By THOMAS L. MASSON. | | The strongest yet constructed, Has suffered new contusions. H “Sure, Heturu it when you're (hrough | er Ce ae, Artie, don't you see the parson?” |
Bynopsia of previous chapters: Harold Peasely “Then Jet us be honest with exeh other,  Be- ‘Twill hold a real American Alas, our “bloodless victories!” tien iki: j want Come on over, Arthur's got a }

s And his wife, Myrtle, move to Hiightville, a handsome | lieve me when Tosny that as a wet blanket you :
suburb, There they meet Mra Abercrombie Pelter, | would take the double iron cross ino any age or With politics deducted.

Alas, our dear delusions!
the acknowledged social leader, who offers to give a | climate, As an original manufacturer of trouble | The novels of the early spring Free verse, ’tis said, has come to be
reception tn Myrtle s honor and introduce her into) yeu have the Bethlehem Steel Works and the

Blightville society, Myrtle, who is afraid. to ar Standard OF Company in total datly oatput Have laughed their girlish laughter— A lucrative profession,

“Morning, James,”

“Gimme the makin's?"

“Sure thing.”

“It's Pop's deal. Pop always treats me white;

“Oh, very well.”

“If T could get only a small contribution from
enech one we could easily ratse the necessary
amount, It should be viewed as a community

 

 

 

; . . . | don't you, Pop?” affair.”
¥ Telter > an nn tr oes sy te hen thes ye vanes thea ite nore Dn ts coming berwoun Pee Will Barnes fell down It sells around “Anybody oot aeeigary) Left some good ones in “You see, his aunt washes for the Wigginses
# ome Fi iv ies y can | cones orite ok ‘ " fi . . he . orn 8 tay? " . . y ,
P get Myrtle to consent and holds her hand in the inters | Dane ane wife, And lost his crown, Ten cents a pound, my eee Con al aes Ve van wines i 7 . ee ll a pA gd eee
} y ’ oN . i ; e & : “You'll ge e Worst way y ’ 4 * | told my wife, m he, OVENS » ‘
=. view, a little way he has, Meanwhile Myrtle, mise. Now Myrtle and Tare both human, 0 will And Root came tumbling after. . ° But rhyme is our Qbsession. of Kuldie's." oe Well well) WELL! You. fellows are ensy,
_— ing him at the station, meets Mr, Peiter, takes him | hold almost any tndy's land for five minutes: to — “That fellow's a reggerler sponge. Never saw) anything you can play better than this? Old
‘home in her car and discovers Hireid and Mra, Pelter | give her pleasure ne matter what her face may be, _ ho little bo y hs him 1 l t ‘i Y f his own, What you | 5 at a4 it eo"
tete-a-tete Harold cleverly turns the tables, per- Tlike io @mble a lietle on the side. If my coun- — . . y = vim wane out nh cleat v * i ari) maid, Tr instance? :
forming a Napoleonic feat of sirateay by a Bn | try cntied me ? would cheerfully set merself up SS g I tyou ~—e smoking? Heatherbloom? Let's have a a. “LP don't see how they keep ‘em as long ns thes
a. c f sir accusing ye E eheerfully se . => =. “Yo ’ , . » smoker rant’ ho ‘em like humar
the astonished Myrtle of flirting with Mr. Pelter, and as a target with the rest of the boys, Ino the — 7 dent wan y r — Yes, PT olike to join you men tn the sine do. A servant's human, Treat ‘em Wen

   

now and then, Sort of keep an ese on you that | peings, PE osay, but make ‘em respect you, No

,

both Pelters side with him. Myrtle, discomfited nenntime Totry to smile on the world and get

@ends for Aunt Jane, a grim New England lady, whe |

after questioning them seizes upon Harold's deserip-
tion of Mrs. Velter as weighing 200 pounds, calls

| religion or polities only after midnight,

and of a woman's age or weight never.
‘Aunt Jane, whe was) strong for Myrtle, liad

seized upon a chance remark of Harold's to save |

} the day. She Knew the instant she saw Mrs. bel-

nlong the best Tocon without making others too
tmisernuble, Myrtle is atse very human. She
Wints Ine home too much and.suifers seme when
she thinks Toam running away, but that's just
Verween us. you understiund-—or ought to be, We
have our litthe foibles.

“But, ny dear Aunt Jane, don’t come between
husband ane wife, amd if you really enjoy worry.
ing yourself te death over trifles don't think you
ust drag evervbods else in, Your hard doctrine
of diabetiont honesty lias queered us in Blight.
Ville permonentiv, Tn six hours yon've done us
enough camiage toolast for years. Remember,
you ern get away, but we've got to stay on.

“There! Pve heen strietly truthful with you,
How deo yeu likewit?’

 

 

way.”

“Hey, Joe! Are you feeling stuck up this morn-
ing’ You and my wife ceriainty held all the
curds last night, Never saw such a run of lack!

No use of trying te play against hands like that |

T was hare piped too on necount of your wife

being a beginner, Pliyed for years?  Shucks! |
|

Dnever would of thought i

“Now what do yeu think of that! Look at that)

hand, with vay TT swear TP haven't lad a decent
show since we started usin’ these cards,”

“Yes sirree! Fixed her this morning—Just
before To hiked for the train, Can't stand for
rough stuf tike that from oa eook. That don't
vo in my office, and TP owon't have itat home, Wife
hadn't the nerve, Seon ous Td finished my coffee

rough stuff. Why, only this morning——-”

“BI says his wife told him, and TP got the same
story at the post office, so there must be some-
thing in it.’ ’

“Well, vou know, T stayed upstairs, though my
wife did say T could come down and join ‘em
when tt came time for the eats; but IT knew tt

T walked into the kitchen and said: ‘Maggie,
we're through with vou. Too much rough stuff—
ean't take it from seu or anybody like you, Pack
your drunk! | ‘That's what Po said—‘Too much
reugh stuit—-flen Po had te beat it for the 8:08,"

“No. Wilbon won't get two votes east of the
Mississippi. You mark my words, not two votes,”

“A slum! By Jinks, ASLAM. Who'd a thought
it of him! My deal, Now PH be good to myself
——wait'll vou see.”

“LT tell you, Lo heard them myself. They were
at it het and heavy, but just like women too,
siniling as sweet as you please, with their little

Aunt Jane slowly rose up! Her gaunt face
towered above him, [It was a terrible moment,

Germany refuses to conquer us.
Harold sat there dazed, scarcely knowing whether | Sir Woodrow's donkey balks and brays The, French and German officers

a CS <TELSSPSNSS sS

he lad won or net,

“Myrtle! called Aunt Jane. Myrtle appeared And greatly pains its rider.
on the scene, her face blanched with fear. Queen Wilhelmina looks askance

Are praising one another.
No doubt the Sultan and the Czar
Will soon be lisping: “Brother!”
The newest hats are beautified
By porcelain projections.
A serving plate
Is quite ornate,
And Hughes has no objections.

a a

'
‘upon the Pelters and confronts Harold with his own |
testimony.) |
HERE is an old rule that one shontd tatk of |

|

|

 

hammers ont all the samev. T strolled past and |
Po heard her say: ‘Tim sure it's going te be per-
fecily lovely when its finished! and Mes, ‘Tibbits
said: ‘Tt is finished. -it's a pergela—they go with
all Ttalhin villas, but vou naturally wouldn't Know
that, my dear’ And then Minna said: ‘Well, it's

But when Aunt Jane spoke again the beatifie ;
expression in her face was something Harold had At those who sit beside her.
“You ask me how TP like it.’ she replied. “I Sir Ford is still a candidate

like it. For the first time in vour life you have
reat The English Toms
it, At least you are sincere, something To never ‘
suspected you of before. When the truth hurts Are hurling bombs
happiest, if there is such a thing as happiness in
this world-——whieh TP doubt
to part ven, On the contrary, Lam going to bring
you together, But first Tam going te get even |

never seen before. She almost beamed,
Upon the jitney ticket.
told ine the lard bitter truth aud DT houer vou for
the mest PT like it best becutse that makes me the At Kaiser William’s wicket.
“And now my children, tisten. TD de net intend
with that Peiter woman if it takes every last drop |

 

On the smoker.

 

Was ho plaice for ime. Lordy. low they did gabble

talkin’ abow every sort of stuf PE couldn't de
(omy reading, amd as for local news, TP rell you,
| boys, we don't need any weekly hewspuper if
) that’s goin’ te meet around——"

“Pent again. Im game. but if yond rather
Play old maid or paper dolls just say se.

“Ef Palo of been General Joffer, back there in
December or. say. January-——"

“Oh, very well.”

COST OF KNOWING PEOPLE.

Bi ME going on a journey one is pretty

< ch, © poet with
i, v sPring novel; moncy.

. price of food hen

As for Harold, he was speechless.

ter that if she could prove auy reference to that |
lady's weight on the pau of Harold if there ever
had been aus thing between these twee it weld
all be over.

“How dare you aecuse me oof weighing 2oo |
pounds?” demanded Mrs. Pelter. of Harold.
Harold blushed aint was silent, as he ought te

 

ee

Yes, spring is really here.

| The Prussian Chancellor refused
To conquer us this season.
We wonder if the British fleet

Our military pilgrimage
Is deep in dust and glory;
While Congress boldly guards the rear

likely te consult the time tables and find
eur ubeut the hotels, and after these facts

have been, ‘Then she “blew up. if such a vulgar
i expression may be permitted ti connection with
the leader of Blightville society,
Assuming ber hauehiiest numer she seorn
fully looked over ler three visiters,
“Tin on trifle tired she said) frestity, ‘ot te.
fng intruded upem by entire strangers To aan

} Peared to be a single ninded Tittle ween lene.

 
  
      
   

ure Compassion.
Titans now Aviat Jane's turn. The heroine of
eoun
of gossij \
village, she styklenly found herself in her element,

She swept Mes. Abercrombie Peter with het

eyes, ‘
“Give yourself Sue concern about us she re:
plied. “We are amply able te take enre of our
selves, ‘This upstar’. Blightville was a newling
wilderness ten yenrs age, when your liisbianed
whoever he is now—-was selling pink beads tua
city stere. Tf your grandfather wast a imenkey
it wax because he hade’t yes learned how te etinis
trees, Come away, my children, and lenve this
woman to revel jn the implements of Satan,’

She pointed to an nddvcent card table with x
i" get of bridge scores still on it,
= 6s As for Harold, he was speechless, Long prac-
thee in living with a jealous wife Harned tanancdes Ihime
extremely resourceful. Long mingling with all
sorts and conditions of men hed given him a
nimble wit, But when you aecuse at suburban
society leader of being over weight all hope is lost
There is nothing to do tut cush ino veur chips
pocket your loss and face the world anew,

On their way out te the villinge hhsvek Hone Wats
ati) waiting for them dn the offing they met Pelier
eoming home from the office, Harold teek din
wie have just left your wife ina teariag rage”
he said, “because in oan inadvertent moment i
tried to guess her weight at 200 pounds “4

“She weighs two hundred and ten-—gross, whis

eller.

Peat he that as it may, she will never forgive
me. In the meantime that lady sou see there
signalling the periscope of that hack Is my Aunt
Jane from dear old New Engle, She haus been
handing it eut te your wife and all ix over be:
tween us. In Blighiville hereafter yeu wm |
must be strangers to eneh other, Bu in town l
trust we may still continue to he friends,

Petter grasped his hand cordially, while a tear
aiood in bis eye. Although Cor seme years naw
he hid been the husband of a subieban society
leader he still retained traces of homan feeling

“Believe me when EP osay.” he replied, “thant |
pity you from the deoths of my soul Tn Blight:
ville we may Hever speak ws we puvss by In town
the Sinmese twins compared with ts will look

seaeaihdeneitiiaeieanetea niehaemaettiantieianteee ase ood one

Po SEs
> ee

=

culling me.”

atta ateete tliat emmmetimeiE on a ee
7 - : . ae ee eS
Pa ee

bouse he was grabbed by his enraged wite,

gow mach cie you siy Poweighed?" ,
Peltier never lost his presence of inind. ble re
Plied promptly :
“One hundred and Chirty-eight with all your
Bnils set.” _
Mennwhile Hareid, with henvy heart, joined

ess

Bnet OR er a ne Goa

ed

bad ample time to reflect, as way ene will agree

Was ut ow tine a regular horse,
His past life rose before him dike a panorama
Myrtle’s mad jenlousy, his numerous attemprs at

ery

TRE SRR RS OS RL,

 

r@solve came to him, He would have it out with
Aunt Jane calmly, without heat or passion, He

sss ea as
5 rset ei -

the room he said pleasantly ;
*"Aunt Jane, you believe in facing things,”
"1 do”

And telling the bitter teuth ne matter where |

Ho omay tend or what depths of buman anguish it
May srouse,”
> "Lhat is my ductrine.”

-

 

nitogether too ined learted Mrs. Vesely, 1)
offered to take yeu up merely leewtise yeu ape |

ion lonely tite, and Podid tis, Poassuie seni. out |

like total strangers. Aurevoir, PT hear some one |
He was right, The moment: he entered the |

“DP heard vou talking.” she eried, "Come now, |

Aunt Jane and Myrtle, Qa their wine rome ine |

who, being used toa moter car, vides behind what |

escape and tinaliy tae oncomlis of Aunt Jone ;
stirred him to the thought of actlon and a great;

waited until they bad arrived home, and then |
when Myrtle, feeling that he was safe, had left

 

| Actually put his arms around Aunt Jane.
ss philologion! battles in thai stronghold |
vi deep dyed intrigue. a New BRaghind |

of New Bnghiud blood in aimy veius, We are suing
te give a reception of aur own.”

“A reception!” cherused Harold and Myrtle.

“Yes, a reception 1oum geile te show this
little suburh of Blightville what a reception really
ix."

“But said: Myrtle, “we don't know anybody.
Mrs, Abercrombie Pelter, the acknowledged social
leader, Is our sworn evnemy. [t's impossible!”

Haroid, not so doubtful, went over and actually
put his arms about Aunt dane.

“Can you get away with it! he asked,

Auut Jane smiled grimly,

“Cana Panghter of the Revolution, a shining
light of the Colonial Dames, a descendant of one
of the Signers and a hundred other minor things
get away with a Blightville reception’ Good
Laud, T should hope sof Set the date, eall up the

livery stable, secure all the hacks and hand |

We that telephone book while [T make out the
Juvitation dist, Why, we'll turn ‘em away!"

(To he coutinucd.y
e

BY JOVE THATS
Luck, vUST MISSED

LADIES AND GENTS! IN ME

YOU SEE THE QUINTESSENCE
OF LUCK ! BORN UNDER THE
LUCKIEST STAR AND SECOND

COUSIN OF A HORSESHOE

Could be the salient reason?
| The latest type of submarine
Is good for sea or prairie,
The price of food
Is well nigh rude,
And aren't the Oil Kings merry ?

 

’ looking gentleman with a quiet,
deferential air rang the ball of the labora-
tory and said te the doctor who came for-

 

tuystertously.

“Absolutely,”
“Well, put me dewn for three mouths.”

 

 

THE FABLE OF UCKY DOG WHO OVERTRAINED--by john held

MY, SEE THE PRETTY

BUTTERFLY ! AINT
NATURE WONDERFUL ?

MONEY WAS NO OBJECT. “You astonish me, sir

mouths anyway, without paying fer it, unless I

mistake my guess,”’

extend it?

“But. my dear sir, this is a very extraordinary
“What are your rates?” cuse, To have heard of nothing like it) before,
“dne bundred dollars a day for single individ: ¥
If you can get a group of five, however, it
WHI) be S00 cliy apiece,”

The man leaned forward. He looked around | married for thirty-tive vears toa woman whe has
hever left me for a moment,
“We ore entirely alone, sir’ ; fees wWay on a three months trip to visit
relatives. [propose to have the time of my life
and I don't want te take any chances.”

“Certainly net,’ he

 

. (iwarKed OvER
THAT SPOT, | At
pa LUCKY

 

With thund’rous oratory.
A great reform is now on foot
To make our spelling simple.
Berlin gave pain
To gentle Spain;
And Mars has got a dimple.

You will live three

The new patient smiled,
“Et de all rigat wir”
nade a let of money in Wall Street and To am
ready te pay one hundred dollars a day just te
“This is the place. L believe. T should like to | make absolutely certain.”
have my life artificially prolonged.” | “Then if this is the case, sir,
“Be seated, sir”
The physician took out a card index.
“Your names"
Writhog tt down, he sald:
“About how long would you like te have your givesvdita check.”
Vif porerlentogent, sir?”

“LT bave just

‘The man shook bis leased.
“Ne. thank vou,” he sald.
| tall Peare for. Make out the papers and L will

Three months more |

Wonld vou mitd tedling me oyvour reason, sir?’
The man leaned forward.

 

BLESS MY SOUL! A CASE
OF PIMAWALPIZUN!
CAUSED BY THE BITE
OFA BALTANICA BUTTER:
FLY! YOU WILL BEIN

THE HOSPITAL

 

Beating it for the 8:08.

sWeet aby Wits ose ohiee fer rainy afternoons.’
Then TL got out of hearing.’

“We had a larger attendance at prayer meeting
thia Week than the week before in spite of the
weather, and Dthink if we can beep it up

“Ttell you it means ai arny of Occupation, ame
ten years wont Settle things-—-not ten vears, If
Vd of been President :

“Just vou held your horses, Pt play when 1

get good and ready

“Its this way, Judge. T like te live peacefully
with my neighbors, but if To have to move that
line six fuches Vil build a fence on it eight feet
high and paint it with pink and purple stripes.
You can push me just about so far aie ok

“Now if we could persuade her to resign from

) the choir T thing everything would go on quite

smoothly
“You blooming idiot, that was my ace! 1 played
that? Holy smoke! Pf a man enn't depend-——"
“If Pa of heen Secretary of State Cd of written
the Kaiser a onete that ‘ud make his hair eurt,
Tosnid te Charley at the time you” remember,

| Charley?

NEVER TOUCHED
ME! TALK ABouT

| fect mind filled

avhout what we are
have his Income doubled we should e

(Ting up in the morning

have been gathered to estimate the expense, I:
would be ridiculous to start out, say, fora month's
travel, without knowing beforehand just about
Hew del it would cost yeu,

But does one ever stop beforehand to eounr the
cost oof ade friend? We become aequainted with
people without the slightest idew of the expense
they may lewd ous inte beth in time and aetual
cash.

There is an excellent gentleman who lives fn
the next street, He possesses a rather nice vein
of intelligence and his manners are charming,
tout ‘pen cour days at home Cwhich are rather
precious to usd) he has aequired the habit of drop-
ping in wand discussing with us the lopies of the
May, ei

We have made a rough caleulation ef the time
spent in this way. and we find that during the
bust year he has robbed us of eight whole days,
To be exaet, or perhaps we should say te be
strictly Justi, he has given us something in return,
We have a pleasant sense of his presence, and
Possibly during the entire yeur we have sequired
from him an idea or so, but upon the whole in
casting up this aecount we discover that he owes
Us much which can never be repaid,

+ Again (in one of those unlucky Moments whieh
*revidence in frenkish Joy sometimes wreaks its
Vengeance upon usi we were intredueed tea
lady: a lady with a family. Since then we have
met her frequently. She jas sal WENT to us. ut
dinners and upon various motor ear rites Thint
of the number of Precious moments we have
passed in her company ino whieh she lias dis
eussed the servant Kirl question or presented us
With her entirely immature views of eerialn
Phases of literature! ‘To Know ao pevson like elias
is more than reckless extravaganes, [1 ei the
hature of a crime, : ; poe ine

Many of us in Hie ne doubt becene se experi
enced and cautious that when n Hew head begins
to loom over the horizon we inveluntariie. < el
hiding place, But then gzain sou fever ave aut Cr
ahha biateves u ) never gre quite

rehand whether the person mas not be
profitable, Every prospective friendst Is;
gamble, ‘ as eee

Sometimes a human he
Ingentious ONpPression on
hothing whatey

 

 

2s

ME Within infantile ane
Wis fee. with absolutety
er 0 Real! him, bas on prey
WHE human svripat ‘lione
aud Met Gnd is possessed of the inant ieee j
which Wwe heed most at eridien! moments Burt
ailus! these friends are few nd har betweer
And while we are Anding them how is it possible
to avold heing set Upon by all the others’ ;

We cannot of course require eredentinis We
CHONOL say OY Sir ar Misi, very ADAATANOG
appears to he favorable, bur wh We
tome? What am Tite Relooul of you. and in egse
I Hind that yon are not Profitable wonld vou he
Willing to deposit a bend hefovelinnd fap 4
geod behavior ino order a | neon
agaist loss’

We are, from the standpoint of aetual dell
une eents, alse limited .
Noaneial equals, Yer here wanin the wer
is Mhely 41 HY Moment te be lipser

if Jones, for PXAMpre,
come of 35.000 a ven

 

Weare Vveu worth

MAY be insured

ar-

te these where on

Hyemens

Whe is receiving: an in
(whieh we will assume is
Setringg, should suddent:
With Jones, Yer Jones mrighi HAVE tect
NeECOSSIIV lowe TF Ween the othor i
experience this good fortune it
to Jones to espect that he could k

hus we see thar the feonomic how is hound te
operite upon our friendships in iis terial work
ing. The thing really Lanetgets to type + Traa &
science perfects us in living we snir' ea te.

terete | ' ral
Heat eaeh, materenies
Would be untiads
eer up With ne,

; know people eniy afong the itnes of the greatest

efficiency, In every centre of humanity there
Will naturally be a Clearing house of friendship
in which human beings will be checked off and
their qualities properly noted, so that no time
\ il he lost in futile Prtereenise,
Vhink of the saving thts tennis) Phink of wer
WIED Ge perfeet assures
that you are not Belge to te interrupted curia
the entire day by any Incompetent friend whose
opinions hitherte intraded upon you lave then
away much of your efficiency! ; -