‘OL LXVIIL—NO, 30.

——

CHINA BEGINS TO YIELD;

PRINCE TUAN DEGRADED AND ANTI-
FOREIGNERS PUNISHED,

 

 

Emperor Kwang-sa Sends Notice of His De-
cision to the Katser, the Czar and the Mi-
kado, and Appeals for Early Peace-Says
Li Hong Chang's Plan for Pantshment of
Boxer Leaders Is to Be Followed—Orders
Oblations Before Coffin of German Minister,

Special Cadle Despatches to THE SUN,
From a Staff Correspondent.

Spavoral, Sept, 20° 8:10 P, M.—An imperial
je'ter tothe German Emperor, which was sent
to-night, says the Emperor of China sends greet-
ings to the Kaiser. It goes on to say:

“This adden uprising in China has resulted
in the murder of your Minister. My subordi«
nates have acted disgracefully and have broken
our friendly relations, for which | am deeply
gorrowful 1 have to-day ordered Grand
Councillor Kunkang to offer oblations before the
Minister's coffilZ, I have also ordered Ji
Hung Chang and Liu Kun Yi to afford every
facility for the return of the coffin to Germany.
When it reaches that country I have ordered
my Minister at Berlin to again make oblation
and thus show my profound regrets.

“Formerly our two countries were peaceful.
I now appeal to you to regard our common in-
terest and allow of early peace negotiations,
ao that perpetual peace may be secured, I
make this special and earnest appeal.”

\ reply to Li Hung Chang's memorial to the
Throne denouncing Prince Tuan which was
fesyed on the 26th, says the warlike actions
were not the desire of the Emperor or the Court
pnt were due to the Princes and high ministers
af State who must accept the responsibility
They must accept the Impertal responsibility
and get suitable punishment.

Prince Chwang, Prince Yih and the secondary
Princes Tsai Lien and Tsai Ying, have been
dicmiseed from hereditary rank and all offices.
Prince Tuan has been treated lenienfly. He
has been dismissed from his offices and handed
over to the Imperial Clan Court to determine
what penalty shall be imposed on him, Mean-
time all his allowances have been stopped

i nder the Emperor's edict, the Duke Tsal
I secretary Ying-Hien, Grand Secretary
Hang Kih and Chao Chul Chan, the President of
the Board of War, have bee n handed over to a
board to determine what penalty shall be im-
posed on them.

In making this announcement in the letter
to Emperor William the Chinese Emperor says
that he has taken this action “to show these
offenders that I am determined to preserve the
Imperial inheritance and not to regard Princes
or Ministers. They must blame themreives
for this severe punishment. My people must
be pleased by this punfahment.”

The Imperial edict promises that Li Hung
Chang’s entire plan in regard to the punishment
of offenders shall be followed. This edict
will have a quieting and helpful effect on the
Chinese

SHANGHAI, Sept. 20, 960 P. M.—An Imperial
letter to the Czar of Russia has been issued
thanking the latter for his promise to with-
draw the Russian troops from Pekin, Emperor
Kwarg-au also asks the assistance of the Czar
in the peace negotiations.

The Emperor has also sent a letter to the
Mikado of Japan in which he expresses regret
for the mur of the Japanese secretery of
te meat Saat: Th this Wetter he states
that he has ordeted funeral oblations at Pekin
and by the Chinese Minister at Tokio The
Finperor also grants a funeral allowance of
6,000 taels

 

KWANG-SU THANKS THE CZAR.

Chinese Emperor Offers to Pay Respect to the
Grave of Baron Von Ketteler.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

AHANGHAI, Sept. 28.—The Emperor has
issued an edict thanking the Czar for the with-
drawal of the Russian troops from Pekin and
announcing his willingness to conduct a memo-
rial ceremony over the grave of Baron von
Ketteler, the German Minister, who was mur-
dered at the outbreak of the troubles in China.

PLAN TO AID THE POOR,

German Women Asket to Save Thefr Comb-
ings Which Can Be Made Into Hatr Nets.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Renere, Sept. 20.—It ts reported that the
women of Wurtemberg have adopted a novel
scheme for raising subseriptions to charity.
They have issued leaflets headed, “Collect
Women's Hatr." The leaflet explains that
every woman ean contribute toward helping
the sick and poor by sending their useless comb-
ings to certain depots, whence they will be
forwarded to Stuttgart, where a hairdresser
will convert them tnto invisible hair nets. The
explanation ia that until recently China sup-
plied nearly all the hair used in this way, but
theexportation of hairfrom China was stopped
when the Boxer troubles began

NOVEL

 

 

PRUSSIA STARTS CANCER INQUIRY,

Calls on Every Registered Physician to Re-
port on Cases Treated.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Loxnon, Sept. 29-—The Prussian Govern-
ment has Initiated systematio inquiries with a
view to amplifying the world's knowled@® on
the eubject of cancer, Every registered phys!-
clan has received a paper of questions calling
upon him to give his experiences in cancer
cases The principal polnts are whether cancer
's hereditary and contagious, whetber It is con-
nected with a particular habit, such as indul-
gence in alcohol, tobacco, &¢,, or whether it is
more prevalent in one district than another

HIGBEE'S ODD MISSION.

Getting End-of-the-Centary Sentiments From
Sovereigns and Notables Abroad,

Special Cable Despatch to THER SUN.

 

MR,

 

Lox Sept. 20—Frank D. Higbee, a
member of the American Red Cross Society who
came over on the Deutachland on her record-
breaking | few weeks ago, has had re-
markable cess in Europe on his unique
mission of colecting from the various Sover-

elens and prominent people throughout the
world end-of-the-century sentiments, which
are to be read at “watch night” meetings and
festivities in the United States on Dec 81, 1900,
under the auspices of the Red Cross Society.
He will sail for the United States on Oct 6

 

MARK TWAIN COMING HOME,

 

Will Spend the Winter in New York, but
Hasn't Decided About a Permanent Residence.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
_ Loxpon, Sept, 20 —Samuel L. Clemens ‘Mark
Twaln) sails on Oct. 6 for America and will
spend the winter in New York He has aban-
doned lecturing because he dilikes travel. He
. hard at work on his new novel, of which he
“48 Written 50,000 words, but he «ays he may
destroy it any day. He is undecided as to his
future residence, whether it will be in New
York or England.

Pope Blesses 20,000 Pilgrims.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
LoM#, Sept. 20-—The Pope blessed 20,000 pil-
éritns at St. Peter's to-day. Two thousand
were Aipericans

On a Water Level

From centre of New York to centre of Ch cago and

in sight of @ ri
bene = ade ver or lake tf you take the

 

& cw
New vok

 

EEE
a

 

NE

BRITISH CAMPAIGN WARMS UP.

 

Demands on Lord Salisbary for a Promise ot
Cabinet Changes—Uncontested Seats,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

LONDON, Sept. 20.—Interest in the general
election has increased somewhat during the
week, or, rather, it has come into existence.
Untonist leaders have taken serious alarm
at the apathy throughout the party and are
adopting energetic measures to secure ade-
quate representation at the polis. The factors
in opposition to the present Government are
stronger in its own ranks than among the Liber-
als, It is the rank and file of the Conserva-
tive party which must pay for the terrible
mistakes and military shortcomings in South
Africa. It is not seriously feared that these
eritics and malcontents within the party will
vote with the Liberals, which might involve
the stigma of little Englandism, but there is
reason to believe that thousands will give si-
lent expression of their disapproval by absten-
tion from voting. If this action is at all gen-
eral it will easily cost the Government more
than half its majority, thus inflicting a severe
mora) defeat.

Public and private appeals throughout the
country urge Lord Salisbury to make some
concession to this feeling within the party
by announcing the reorganization of the Cabinet
after election. This would be equivalent to
demanding the withdrawal from the war of-
flee of the Marquis of Lansdowne, who much
more than Colonial Secr®tary Chamberlain or
any other member of the Cabinet, is the object
of Unionist criticism. The opposition, how-
ever, especially the radical ia con-
centrating ite attacks on the Colonial Secre-
tary, who is the most abueed man in England.
These assaulta have silenced for the time being
his enemies among the Tories,

tt is more than doubtful tf Lord Saltsbury,
with his well-known cynicism, will announce
the eacrifice of the Marquis of Lansdowne,
no matter how serious disaffection Is mani-
fested within the party. Aft the same time
it is fully probable that the Marquis of Lans-
downe will not return to the war portfolio,
for the Government cannot refuse radical
reforms in the War Office and the present
Secretary's incompetence is notorious

There are a few picturesque personalities
in the campaign. These are furnished by
John Dunn’s fight in Battersea, Winston Churech-
ill's in Oldham and that of Capt. Lambton
of the Powerful, whose marines saved Lady-
smith. The latter is running on the Liberal
ticket and is making slashing attacks on the
War Office, which is exasperating the Union-
ists

Sir Francie Treas Barry, Unionist member
of Parliament for Windsor, and Henry David
Greene, Conservative member for Shrewsbury,
have been reélected without opposition

Of those returned without opposition since
the opening of the nominations yesterday
fourteen are Conservatives, five Liberal U nion-
{ats and one Liberal Amone these are Colonial
Secretary Chamberlain from Birmingham,
West, and Mr. George Wyndham, Parliamen-
tary Under Secretary for War, who also repre-
sents Dover In the House of Commons

Up to 2 o'clock this afternoon the candi-
dates returned without opposition represent
the various parties as follows: Conservatives,
85; Liberal Unionists, 9; Liberals, 3

The veteran General, Sir James Hills-Jones,
who has been the constant companion of Lord
Roberts in South Africa, has returned to Eng-
land. He made a speech at Swansea to-day
In which le siated that he knew Lord Koberts
desired to see a Unionist government in Great

section,

| Britain.

ROYAL EXPLORER WINS HER,

The Infanta Marta Mercedes Tarns From Conant
Caserta to Wed the Duke of the Abrozzi.
Special! Cable Despotch to THR SUN,

Lonpon, Sept. 20.-The Queen Regent of

W YORK, SUNDAY,

Spain ts reported to be incensed at the conduct |

of Count Caserta, whose suit for the hand of the
Infanta Maria Mercedes appears to have finally
failed. It was supposed that the Princess
ardently desired to marry the Count, but this
is now denied and it is semt-offlelally announced
in Madrid that she gives her heart as well as her
hand to the Duke of the Abruzzi whose perils
and adventures in the frozen polar regions
atrongly appealed to her romantic Spanish
heart.

Count Caserta’s offence consists inhaving
written to the Pope complaining in effect that
the Queen Regent made a fool of him. His
suit, he says, was encouraged by both mother
and daughter until overtures were made by
the Italian royal family in behalf of Abruzzi
The Pope is reported to have written the Queen
Regent and the Princess a fatherly warning
against taking a too worldly view of the sacred
institution of marriage and both have replied,
repudiating the Count’'s version of the affair

PROFITS OF THE “PASSION PLAY."

Theatre Receipts Amoanted [to $400,000-An
Offer Made to Players to Toar America,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Lonpvon, Sept. 29.—The inhabitants of
Oberammergau made a rich harvest during
the “Passion Play” from American and English
enthusiasts. The theatre receipts alone
amounted to $400,000 besides the money made
by boarding visitors and selling souvenirs,
Visitors bought $40,000 worth of pictorial post
cards, 170,000 rosaries and 150,000 pictures
of the Last Supper. The demand for carved
wooden curios, chiefly of the crucifixion, ex-
ceeded the local industry's supply and wood
carvers in the Tyrol are now large purveyors.

Anton Lang, who played Chriatua made
a emall fortune selling autographs and would
probably have accepted a lucrative offer to

S

EPTEMBER 90,
55—BRYAN SPEECHES—

|

PROGRAMME OF HIS SCOOT WEST
THROUGH THIS STATE.

D9

Mr, Stanchfield to Have Mr. Bulger Tied to
His Charlot Wheels on His Toar—McGuire
Treats to Manhattan Sherry-You Can't
Coax Gam Shoe Hill From the Platocrats,

Those plutocrat hunters at the Hoffman House,
headed by the Hon, “Gum Shoe’ Bill Stone
of Missouri, were not entirely pleased wit! the
announcement made yesterday morning that
the Hon. David Bennett Hill, chairman of the
Democratic State Executive Committee's col-
lection agency, had promised to chip in to the
campaign fund for Bryan and Stevenson and
Stanchfleld and Mackey that promised fee which
he is to receive for hisargument before the Court
Appeals against the constitutionality of the
State Franchise Tax law. The Hon, James
K. McGuire, chairman of the Executive Com-
mittee of the Democratic State Committee, the
Hon, Frank Campbell, chairman of the Demo-
cratic State Committee, and their associates,
the Hon, Phil Thompson of Kentucky and the
Hon, Joe Rickey of Missouri were rather inclined
to think yesterday that Mr. Hill had put a string
upon his contribution for the reason that the
Democratic State platform at Saratoga par-
tienlarly that the State Franchise
Tax law is a first-class measure. However,
it was said that Mr. Hill must settle these mat-
ters himself, and in a campaign like this out-
siders must not Interfere.

Mr. Hill is to make a speech in Brooklyn on
Monday night, and after that he is to go to Rich-
mond and Danville, Va He is a friend of
Senator John W. Daniel of the Old Dominion,
and Senator Daniel this year needs a little
help. After his Virginia trip Mr. Hill is to make
aspeech in Newark (apple-jack State), the home
of ex-United State Senator Smith,
one of the sturdiest Democrats that ever lived,
and after that he is to chase around meekly
in the middle Western and far Western States
at the behest of the Hon. James K
front and shoulders of the Cotton Bale Trust

The Hon. James Ko MeGuire had a mouthful
of sherry at exactly 2.14 o'clock yesterday af-
ternoon. It wasn't that ordinary sherry that
the average citizen ts called upon to take tn
hotela It was the straw-colored
the Hon. William

declares

James

Jones, head,

Syracuse
sherry

street and Fifth avenue delighted to bring ont
for his enests on the veranda when tie late
Aaron J. Vanderpoe! was president of the elub,
and when euch men as the late William R
Travers, the late Samuel J. Tilden, William ©
Whitney and Democrats of that character
were in the Democratic political fold

Somebody told the Hon Mr MeGutre about
thie famous sherry So hunted up the
Hon. John P. Caddagan, manager of the Hoff-
man House, who used to rin the Grand Unton
hotel in Saratoga

“Let's have some of that sherry, John,” said
Mr. McGuire. Between sips of this famous old
sherry, which, according to those who have
tasted it, at certain hours in the dav will make
your hair turn red, white and blue, Mr, MeGuire
and his friends had a delightful little lunch.
Sometimes Mr. MeQnire orders his breakfaat,
lunch and dinner in English, but when he is par-
ticularly optimistic as to the outeome of Bryan
and Stevenson and Stanchfield and Mackey he
drops naturally into French Or those
easions he has the French papers before him,
and between bites he will look over his glasses
at you and say

“Stanchfleld is all right, isn't he?” and then
he will go on and tell of how Bryan will sweep
the country “provided those horrible Repub-
lican national campaigners do not buy up all
of our people.”

For the information of all concerned, Re
publicans, Democrats, imperialists, militarists,
the friends of Representative James J. Belden
of Onondaga, and the acquaintances of the

he

on

Hon, John 8. Kenyon of Syracuse, the Iinch
to which Mr. MeGnuire invited his friends

+ yest-rday is herewith appended

| his car platform between stations,

tour America with the entire company if the |

rules under which the “lassion Play” is held
at Oberammergau hadn't prevented,

WARNING AGAINST TIGHT CORSETS.

London Physictans, After Investigation, Potnt
Out the Danger.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

LONDON, Sept. 20.—London physictans are
pointing out the difference between the meas-
urement of the female waist taken ontside
the corset and of the nude figure, The vast
majority of women persist in the statement
that corsets increase their comfort besides
enhancing their beauty.
waists siys that the average waist itself was
23.8 inches, while outside the corset it only
measured 21.7 inches.

The majority of writers indorse
if they do not compress the flgure; otherwise
they threaten the direst results in later life.
They advise women who fear embonpoint
ft» consider their diet and physical exercise
and avoid the tight corset.

TRAVELLING MAN'S SUICIDE,

corsets

 

Emanoel Merer Takes Arsenic and Dies fo
Baffalo—His Home Here.

Rurrawo, N. Y., Sept. 29 —Emanuel Meyer of
63 West 112th street, New York city, died at the
yspital att o'clock this morning from
a dose of arsenicfwhich he took
Meyer is a travelling man
employed by a gentlemen's furnishing house in
New York city, It is said that he visited sev-
eral gainbling houses last night and lost all his

money
Meyer's ©

general he
the effects of |
with suicidal intent

 

ife, whose home is nat " 7" 112th

eet, heard of his death last night, but the
oe which she got was to the effect that
he had died ina Buffalo hotel of heart trouble
She does not believe that he committed suicide,
She says her husband wrote to her on Wednes-
day, saying that he was very ill

 

KE, & W.
= &W. Dress Shirts BP.
Correct in Ot. Ade

wv

| most of

A measurer of fifty |

| cipitated upon

Hultres.
Tortu verte,
Thon Marine
(uls d' alose
Pigeonnesu desossé en Chartreuse.

There the Hon. Mr. McGuire stopped. He
said he would entertain his friends again when
he returned to New York city. It
remembered that Mayor MeGuire 1s a very
temperate man himself, but while he sips an
assafe@tida cocktail there is no harm in. giving
his friends anything they like. Mr. MeGuire
seemed to be particularly. flush yesterday
so those who gathered at his board were invited
to partake of, possibly in a vicarious way, the
Hon, Richard Croker’s hospitality. The Hon,
“Gum Shoe Bil” was over at_another table and
he looked askance when Mr. MeQGuire gave
his friends the coldest kind of a cold glass of
the Widow Clicquot Ponsardin, and between
mouthfuls served brandied peaches, figs and
cherries, and at last the tiniest spoonful of
maraschino run

After that the Hon, Mr. MeGuire said that
he had perfected arrangements for William
J. Bryan's tour in New York State | after
the great meeting under the auspices of the
Hon. Richard Croker in Madison Square Garden
on Oct, 16, After that he is to leave by a spectal
train and will make evening addresses in Al-
bany, Syracuse, Rochester and Buffalo, with
fifty daylight five and teneminute speeches from
he Hon, Mr,
Hill, continued Mr. MeGuire, will preside at
the Brvan meeting in Albany, which
will be held in Harmanus Bleecker Hall. That
reminds one of a little story The Hon, Mr
Hillentertained Mr. and Mrs Bryan at Wolfert's

toost in 1806. Mr. Hill was very solicitous to
know exactly how Mrs Brvan_ felt toward
him at the time. Mr. Hill thought. that

he could gain this information at the dinner
tible, and at Wolfert’s Roost he gave a
fine bachelor dinner to the hero of Nebraska
and his wife, Mrs, Bryan, however, didn't say
a word at the dinner table and Mr, Bryan was
quite as silent, and Mr, Hill didn’t seem to think
muchof the Bryans. Mr. Hill is now engaged
in establishing his regularity again, so that
if things run right in 1994 something {ike 87,000
eee in the Presidential line will hit Mr.

The Hon. Mr. MeGutre before returning to
his home in Syracuse last night, quaffeda
flagon of Kissingen water, and subsequently
took unto himself a huge pot of black coffee
and then he told how Stanchfleld-John B
Stanchfield, Mr. Croker's candidate for Gover-
nor is to make a speaking tour through the
Southern counties accompanied by the Hon
Charles N Bulger Mr. Bulger is
to first make a tour of the northern counties,
Mr. Bulger comes from Oswego, and he has a
very capacious sleeve into whi h he laughs
the time since the Democratic State
Convention at Saratoga, where he denounced
Mr, Croker, Mr. Murphy and Senator Thoma
Francis Grady in flowing language, because Mr,
Croker, Mr. Murphy and Mr. Grady had pre-
the Democratic party this man
Stanchfleld in preference to that man Bird 8.
Coler, Comptroller of the city of New York

4 friend asked the Hon, “Gum Shoe Bill"

| Stone yesterday why te remained in New York

city, when the Hon, Cotton Bale Trust Jones
was running things in Chicago

“Oh, that’s all right,’ replied Mr. Stone.
“Rr ther Jones is having a vieasant little
séance in Chicago, but he isn't having half as
pleasant a time as I am having here.”

There is only one place in Chicago, it is said,
where the Hon. Cotton Bale Trust Jones
ean gratify. his intellectual palate Here
in New York Mr. Stone has a dozen
places, and in the interests of the Demo-
eratic party, Bryan, free silver, at 16 to 1,
anti-imperialism,  anti-mil tarism, and anti-
trusts, the overthrow of the Supreme Court
of the United States, and finally the snecession
of the Hon. Mr. Stone to the Hon, George Gra-
ham Vest’s seat in the United States Senate
the Hon. “Gum Shoe Bill” insists in remaining
at theHoffman House. The Hon. Phil Thomp-
eon of Kentucky and the Hon Rickey
of Missouri, are with the Hon. Gum Shoe_ Bill
in this matter first last and all the time. They
insist that Mr. Stone must remain here and
Mr. Stone said last night: “That's all right,
boys: I agree with you that the fate of the
Democratic perty depends upon my standing
my ground right here among these plutocrats *

hereupon Mr. Stone ordered his delightful
little dinner for the Hon. Phil and th: Hon. Joe,
and several gentlemen who, !n the rough pare

Joe

 

Carl BH. Schultz's Carbonated Waters Are the

only pure and correct mineral waters manufacured.
Ade.

Rourke Cockran tn |
the old dare of the Manhattan Club at Fifteenth |

IBER 30, 1900.—COPYRIGHT,

 

should be |

cs

8 moe oat

lance of to-day, are called ‘Washington lobby-
ists.'" Mr. Stone's dinner was as follows:

Clovisses.

Petite Marmite, Spectal.
Timbases de volaille, Taileyrand
Suse de redsnapper, Burnave.
‘ob-au-rent a la Nesle.
Poussin.

Galantine de dinde aus truffes
Macedions
Eclairs: ~Assortis.
Mousse aut ananas.
Glace a l'eau:—eltron,
Lalla rookh.
Camembert.
Frambotses a ta creme.
Cate Turaue.

Orange ala Zahn,

This pleasant little political séance wound up
with four magnus of Chateau Lafite Grand
Vin, 1877. This cosis only a shilling a sip, but
when plutocrat hunters are out for a great fight
no stone must be jeit unturned.

 

WONT DECLARE THE WAR OVER.

Annexation of Boer Repablics Makes This
Step Unnecessary.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Lonpon, Sept, 20.—The military importance
of the operations in South Africa is daily di-
minishing as the war passes the tranaition
stage into armed occupation. It {s not ex-
pected that fighting will henceforth develop
beyond patrol collisions or brief swoops by
the Boers on the garrisons which Gen, Lord
Roberts is quartering at all important centres,
None of the Boer leaders has any inclination to
submit and with the improvement of the
weather tn October there may be renewed
activity directed toward seizing British arms
and ammunition convoys, The lack of muni-
tions and not the lack of energy is reducing
the republican forces,

The British Government has announced that
as the Orange Free State and the Transvaal are
already annexed there will be no reason at any
time in proclaiming the conclusion of peace, It
would Indeed wreck the projected conciliation
policy If a day were selected which the jingoes of
future years could celebrate as a kind of Sedan
Day; besides ironic comparisons of the con-
duct of this war would surely be called up.

Lord Roberts will send the City of London
Volunteers from Pretoria on Oct. 1, Others
will follow according to transport arrange-
ments, but the new year is sure to see over 100,-
000 British troops still in South Africa, Lord
Roberts himself is expected to return before
then

He has authorized a olvillan freight train
to start from Durban to the Rand this week,
the first in twelve months The return of
the industrial population will not Ikely be
allowed until Gen Kitchener's parallel track
from the Vaal to Johannesburg, alongside
the Netherlands company’s line, is completed
The railway question will remain the most
important In South Africa so long as a big gare
rison is kept in the Transvaal. Both toward
Cape Town and toward Natal there Is only a

single track, along which all munitions and |

supplies must be brought The country ie
utterly unable to feed the industrial populas
tion of the Rand, much less the military popue
lation, which must always be supplied with
big reserve stores in view of a sudden resump-
tion of fighting

The universal demand for army reform,
arising from Great Britain's war experiences,
provoked Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman,
the last Liberal War Minister, to say last even-
ing: “Officers should be better paid or be
obliged to spend lass, Otherwise the army
will remain the playground for the rich.”

He did not care whether the officers came
from the ranke or from the ont ‘te, but they
ought to be able to tive ont pay. Then
the officials would find that t* officers would
devote themselves seriously ‘© their profes-
sion. That there should be a democratic army
was the lesson of this war. The experience of
correspondents accompanying the army en-
tirely confirms this view

 

Former Volksraad Member Plans to Continue
the Stragele.
Spectal Cable Despatches to THE SUN.
(From THE SUN'S Correspondent at Pretoria.)

Preroria, Sept. 2&—News has been
received from the north to the effect that
Barend Vorster, who was a member of the late
Transvaal Volksraad, and who is at Zoutspans-
berg, has constituted himself chief of the
Boer government and is directing plans for
the continuance of the struggle It is not
thought that hia opposition will be serious
when the British attack his forces His fol-
lowers are not enthusiastic and his supply of
munitions of war is scanty.

There has been aslight skirmish north of
Pienaar’s River.

Commandant Erasmus is honorably observ-
ing the armistice agreed ona few days ago.

Preronta, Sept, 2&.—It is reported
that Gen. Rotha with 2,000 men is advancing
by way of Leydsdorp to join Vorster at Pleters-
bure

LONDON, Sept. 29.—Under date of Pretoria,
Sept. 28, Lord Roberts reports that the Boers
siiffered more severely in the action at Pie-
naars River station than he had previously
thought. He says:

“Believing that the post was weakly held
they advanced boldly to withfn 200 yards of our
advanced trenches, when they came under the
fire of two mountain guns. The explosion of
amine,of the existence of which they were ignor-
ant. killed several

“Pole-Carew reports that he paraded the troops
at Komatipoort in honor of the King of Portu-
gal's birthday. The men presented arms to
the Portuguese flag.”

Lord Roberts adds that hetelegraphed con-
gratulations to King Carlos I. from the British
Army

JAS, EVERARD'S BROTHER ARRESTED.
A Woman Charges Him With Enticing Away
and Assaulting Her Daughter.

Joseph Everard, the general manager of
James Everard’s brewery at Madison avenue
and 183d street, and brother of ghe brewer, was
arrested yesterday afternoon by detectives
Buckridge and Byrnes of the Bast 126th street
station, on the charge of criminally assaulting
Jennie Collins, 15 vears old, of 156 East 118th
street, and Fasie Keppie, 14 years old, of 1682
Park avenue. Everard lives at 55 West 133d
street and is well-known in the upper part ot

the city. He is married and has several chil-
dren He belongs to Tammany Hall.

The two girls had been missing from their
homes since Thursday, Agnes Hicks of 158
Fast 118th street. told the Collins girl's mother
that Mr. Everard might know something about
the whereabouts of the girls. Mrs. Colling
necompanied the Hicks girl to the brewery
yesterday and waited outside while the girl
made inquiries She told Everard, it is alleged,
that she was a sister of the Collins girl and that
if he didn’t tell where the girls where she would
make trouble, Everard, it is alleged, then
took Mrs. Collins and the Hicks girl to 2164
lexington avenue, a furnished room house
kept by Mrs, Martin, where the two girls were
found in a room on the top floor

The Collins girl was taken home by her mother
and after she had told her story Mrs. Collins
wert to the police station and demanded Ever-
ard's arrest. Mrs. Martin said that Everard
came there Thursday night with the girls,
saving that they were nieces of his

Everard denies that he lured the girls away.
He says his arrest is the work of his enemies,

Rawlins Brings a Shipwrecked Crew.

The transport Rawlins, which arrived yester-
day from San Juan and Santiago, brought fif-
teen seamen of the German steamship St.
George, which wae driven on the Cuban coast
near Daiquirl, on Sept. 8, by baffling currents,
in a heavy rainstorm. The skipper and chief
engineer stood by the ship hoping to save ber
The crew are on their way toGermany, The
Rawlins has aboard two Spawsh cannon cap-
tured by the Americans at Santiago, Among
her passengers ure Major Almy and Licuts.
H. W. Cooper, L. N. Bennett and Kromer,
thirty-two enlisted men and seventeen
oharged soldiers,

 

 

i eee

—_

 

HE'S CHAMPION MURDERER:

ITALIAN BRIGAND KILLS A JUDGE,
WITNESSES, JURORS AND SOLDIERS.

Convicted of One Murder and Sent to Prison
for Twenty-five Years, He Escapes and
Starts Out to Kill Every One Connected
With His Trial—Is Making Rapid Progress.

 

 

Special Cable Despatchto THE SUN,

LONDON, Sept, 20.—All Italy is in a state
of excitement over the exploits of the brigand
Mussolino, whose murder record is rapidly
nearing champion figures. Some time ago
he was convicted of the murder of an inoffen-
sive peasant and was sentenced to twenty-
five years’ imprisonment He recently es-
caped and took to the open country as a bri-
gand with the avowed object of taking ven-
geance upon everybody connected with the
trial

An enterprising reporter, taking his life
in his hands, obtained an interview with the
blood-stained rufflan. Mussolino put on highly
virtuous frills with the newspaper man. He
said

“I harm nobody who has not injured me.
Iam no vulgar malefactor, but, take my word,
I will kill every one of the scoundrels who de-
nounced me to the law and gave evidence
against me; the members of the jury who dared
to find me guilty of a common crime and the
Judges who had the audacity to send me to
prison, all shall know what it means to be the
enemy of Mussolino. Butall other people need
not fear. I protect them

Such wholesale threats would be grotesque
in any other country, but Mussolino is a man
of his word. Murder has followed murder

with incredible rapidity, and, after all, the |

flend runs no particular risk as there is no capi-
tal punishment in Italy, and if captured he will
be no worse off than if he had merely hidden
after escaping. He has already killed every
man who gave evidence against him, and has
murdered seven of the jury, while two others
are awaiting their doom in a state of abject
terror, although protected by the police night
and day. The remaining three died natural
deatha, or, as some aay, Unnatural deaths from
fright,

Apart from his legitimate quarry, so to speak,
Musaolino has incidentally killed two cara-
biners. The last crime was committed on
Tuesday when he emptied the six chambers of
his revolver into Judge Zizilli, a member of
the court which sentenced him. The Judge
ia dead of course, and his sons and brothers
are now joining in the chase of the murderer.

All thease crimes have been committed in the
provinoe of Reggio Calabria. The desperado
is absolutely terrorizing the entire proviner.
His courage and indomitable nerve are superb
He does not confine his murderous work to
the country or to the night time. Several
times he has entered towns and villages in broad
daylight, killed his victim and disappeared- this
despite the fact that a price of 10,000 lires is
upon his head and that the entire provincial
force of gendarmes and militia were hunting
htm

Mussolino is about 28 years old and of fine
physique Itke the robbers of romance. He is
kind to the poor and has a pretty way with
women, who are believed to act as willing in-
tellizence officers

 

IATION.—TH

 

The great trial at Palermo, consequent upon |

the latest effert to extirpate brigandage in
Sicily, was concluded this week. It
three months and was full of exciting dramatic
incidents, but the Italians have not taken
nearly as much interest in it as in Mussolino’s
murderous exploits. The Palermo prisoners
numbered 248. They were accused of all pos-
sible crimes from murder to housebreaking
The sentences passed aggregated the
pendous total of sixteen centuries, than which
there is surely nothing more remarkable out-
side of comic opera

As soon as the President of the tribunal had
finished reading the judgement the prisoners
howled in chorus and made desperate efforts
to break through the fron bara behind which
they were caged. The guard of eighty gen-
darmes leveled their rifles at the condemned
men while the President shouted: “If at my
third word order is not restored I will order the
gendarmes to fire. Now then, one, two——"

Before the Judge could say three all the pris-
oners threw themselves on their knees and
beg@ed for mercy and at a gesture from the
bench the gwendarmes lowered their rifles, So
ended a strange trial There is astrong #us-
picton that quite half the prisoners were victims
of agents of the provocateurs.

stile

 

 

PRANK WORK WON HIS POINT.

 

The Charge of Fast Driving Against the Aged
Banker Dismissed.

Frank Work, who was arrested in Central
Park on Friday afternoon for “reckless driv-
ing and abusive and threatening language,”
was discharged In the Yorkville police court
yesterday by Magistrate Flammer. Mr, Work's
alleged offences were summed up in the court
phrase “disorderly conduct.” Former Mayor
Abram 8. Hewitt was with him when he came
into eourt. Park Policeman Frank P. Bald-
win, whoarrested Mr. Work, said that he had
been frequently warned before he was placed
in custody, and that he struck a policeman
with his whip and used abusive and threaten-
ing language at the time of and after arrest

"fan't it time, your Honor, to tell the truth of
the matter?” Mr. Work broke in while the

policeman wastalking.
“Yea,” said Magistrate Flammer, but address-
ing Baidwin he continued: “You all know Mr,

Work, and you ne not bave arrested him
He would have come here had he been re-
quested,”

“Your Honor,” Mr. Work began again,
“almost every word of this confounded police-
man’s etory is a lle, I hooked up a pair of
very gentile mares yesterday afternoon. They
had not been exercised much lately and when
they got out they wanted to rush, but not to
run let them cut up a little and then drove
them back After having driven in the Park
for a while I went to the Casino where the su-
perintendent of my stable was waiting with
another trap and a single mare. This mare
is a gentle one, too. I did not drive fast, but
she is a little brisk. This polleeman seized
my horse, It was an outrage. He had a con-
federate in uniform who stole my whip. The
mare was not going fast and I was not whipping

her,”

“It ts allewed that you were partially intoxi-
ented?” Magistrate Flammer interjecte

Theelderly banker shook hishead only. Mr
Hewitt now qpoxe for him: “I have known
Mr. Work half a century, your Honor,” said
he, “and I have never known him to be intoxi-
eated, I have no doubt, though, that he was
very much aggravated yesterday afternoon.”
Policeman Collins of the Park squad, who
enid he was nearby when Baldwin made the
arrest, testified that Mr. Work was on the wrong
side of the road when he was arrested

“That's another lie!” exclaimed Mr. Work
hotly.
i Mr. Work was very abusive,” added Col-
ins,

“| did call the policeman a dirty blackguard,”
admitted Mr. Work, “and 1 repeat the asser-

tion here.” .
“And you whipped your horse,” said Col-

ina,
“I did tap her,” confessed Mr. Work
The Magistrate then dismissed the case.

M'RKINLEY FAMILY PARTY,

Relatives of the President Arrive at Canton
to Spend Sunday.
Cantor, Ohio, Sept 29 —Two of the Prest-
dent's sisters, Mrs. Sarah Duncan and Miss Helen
McKinley of Cleveland, and Mrs. Glidden and
other relatives are here to spend Sunday with
the McKinleys. They were joined at dinner
thie evening by Mre Church of Massillon, an
old friend of the family--and the evening was
passed in a sort of family reunion — Officially
and politically the day was uneventful) There
were not many callers and none of them well

known. The day was rainy and distal so that
neither the sident nor Mrs McKinley left
the house t was a good day for the secree

taries and clerks to make headway against
the ever-growing volume of routine work.

lasted |

ee

\ Pair to-day and to-morrow.

®

IRTY-TWO PAGES,

PRESBYTERIES DEFEAT REVISION?

 

So Predicts Dr. F, KE. Shearer, on Retarns of
the Vote of 61 Ont of 232.

The Rev. Dr. F. E. Shearer told a SUN re-
porter last night that the returns how in
indicated an overwhelming defeat of re-
vision of the creed by the vote now being taken

| in the Presbyteries of the country.

“There are 232 Preabyteries in the country,”
he said, “and so far we have got the vote froin
61, or 26 per cent of the whole, The vote stands
27 against revision, 6 for a moderate revision,
11 for revisions that are unspecified, 8 for a new
creed, 4 for a supplemental creed, 2 for an
explanatory statement, and 8 Presbyteries
so vague in their vote that it is doubtful if they
know themselves what they want

Now it takes two-thirds of the 282 Pre=-
byteries to order a revision in the creed, Ap-
parently more than one hundred Presbyteries
will vote against revision. As it only takes
78 negative votes to defeat revision, it seems
sure that the creed will remain as !t now is.

“In 1802, a vote was taken on revision, Many
Presbyteries that then voted for revision are
this year voting against it. The percentage
so far, in this ght, as well as the percentage
on the general vote shows that revision will
suffer arout. The total vote, or at least enough
of it to show positively which side will win,will
be known by next Saturday night.”

 

 

FIRE FLUNG FROM A WINDOW

Sets a Widow's Vell Ablaze ia the Street Be-
low—Plomber Explains.

Mrs. Winthrop Sargent Gilman, the aged
widow of the founder of the firm of Gilman,
Son & Co, bankers, at 62 Cedar street, was
passing by the dwelling at 12 Bast Thirty -el@hth
street yesterday afternoon when a plumber
who was at work on the second floor threw
a lighted plumber's lamp out of the window
The Jamp just missed Mrs. Gilman's head,
and the blazing oll spattered on the mourning
veil she wore, setting it afire, Mre. Gilman's
maid, who was with her, tore the burning
veil from her head. Mra. Gilman's face and
hair were slightly scorched, but otherwise
she escaped injury. She is 8 years old. The
niaid, whose name is Maguire, was burned
on the hand and forearm quite severely

The plumber is Fritz Gunther, His lamp
flared up so flercely that he thought it was
about to explode and he flung it from him. It
went etraight out of the window. Gunther
ran to the window to see what became of it
and saw Mrs. Gilman's maid stripping off her
flaming veil. He came running out of the
building then and explained

Policeman Hynes asked Mrs. Gilman ff she
wanted Gunther arrested, but she refused to
make a complaint. She went home in a cab
and went to bed suffering from shock

TIME UP FOR MAYOR'S ANSWER.

Reply to Ice Trast Charges
at Albany.
ALBANY, Sept. 20-—Mayor Van Wyck's reply
to the ice trust charges has not yet been filed,
so far as could be learned this afternoon, at the
Attorney-General’s office The Governor on
Sept. 15 granted the Mayor's request for more
time by extending by two weeks the original
thirty days limit, thereby giving the Mayor
until to-day to file his reply
The Attorney-General was to-day at Utica,
and it was sald that Van Wyck's ioe trust an-
«wer might be handed to him there
SynacusK, Sept. 20. Attorney-General
Davies, who to-day passed through Syracuse
on hts way to hia home {in Camden, was asked if

Vet Recetved

 

Mayor Van Wyck's answer to the lee Trust |

charges had been received, and if not, what
course the State intended to pursue.

“| have not been at my office since Thursday,”
was the only reply the Attorney-General would
make.

The fime limit expires to-night, and it was
rumored that the answer had been served upon
Mr. Davies in thie city.

 

At the City Hall yesterday the Mayor's
secretary said that he knew nothing of the
filing of any reply by Mayor Van Wyck. C.sarles
J. Patterson, the Mayor's counsel sald that there
was nothing to be disclosed

CAMPANIA IS WERY LATE,

St. Louts, Usually Astern of Her, In Early Yes-
terday Afternoon.

The Cunarder Campania, which was due
here yesterday morning, is making a long trip
of it from Queenstown, She was six days and
about seventeen hours out at 1 o'clock this
morning. The St, Louis of the American Line,
usually astern of the Cunarder, got in from
Southampton and Cherbourg early in the after-
noon. It is likely that the Campania has en-
countered much fog off the Banks or that her
machinery is deranged. Jame: J. Corbet’ the
pugil'st, and Sixto Lopez the Filipino, Agui-
na'do’s champion in Europe, are among her
passengers,

The St. Louis had nasty weather on Mon-
day, when two days out, and did much pitch-
ing and rolling, to the disgust of all save the
veteransearovers. Among her passenger were
Ada Rehan, Judge John Clinton Gray, the
Marquis de Dusmet and the Vicomte de Gram-
ment

JIM HOWARD SENTENCED TO DEATH.

 

 

Tells the Judge That He Is Innocent of Goe-
bel's Marder—-To Die on Dec. 7.

FRANKFORT, Ky., Sept. 29.—The motion for a
new trial was overruled in the case of Jim How-
ard to-day for the Goebel murder and the
sentence passed on the prisoner. In passing
séntence Judge Cantrill addresased the prisoner

“James Howard, at the April term of the
Franklin Cireuit Court you were indicted for
the murder of William Goebel, and a jury of
twelve men found you guilty and fixed your
sentence at death. Have y ou any legal reason
you could give why sentence should not be
passed upon you?"

“[ am innocent,” said Howard,

“The jury has already passed on that ques.
tion,” said the Judge, “and It is the duty of the
Court to pass sentence, I command that the
prisoner be taken to the jail, and there kept
until the 7th day of December, when the Sher-
iff will hang you by the neck until dead, and
and may God have merey on your soul.”

Judge Cantrill granted an appeal to the Court
of Appeals, and suspended judgment unt:| that
court acta on the case,

THE SOUTH AND THE GREAT CANAL,

Commisstoners Stadving the Probable Effect
of the Interoceantc Project.

BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Sept. 20.—Prof. Emory
Johnson and ex-Senator Samuel Pascoe of the
Isthmian Canal Commission are in Birmingham
in search of information and statistics as to
how the construction of the canal will affect
the industrial and commercial welfare of this
part of the country. Addresses were delivered
at special meetings of the Birmingham Com-
mercial Club by the visitors, President W.
H. Kettig, wholesale dealer in hardware; James
Bowron, Vice-President of Tennessee Coa),
Iron and Railroad: Col. T. M. Bush, President
Alabama Consolidated Coal and Iron Company,
and others. Many qvestions asked by the
Commissioners were answered and a printed

pamphlet giving statistics as to the district
and State was presented

4A special train carried the guests and com-
mittee of citizens on a tour around the Birming-

ham district, taking in furnaces, mills, pipe
plaints, ore and coal mines, coke ovens and
steel industries The Commissioners go from
here to Atlanta

 

American progress is again exemplified and rail-
way travellingt made enjoyable in trains equipped
with electric lightsandfans A_e'ean clear and safe
light and purified atmosphere, The cicctricity is gen-
erated oy revolving car anle,—Ade

perms rrr ee

EE

PRICE FIVE CENTS.

SHOTS FOR THE SOLDIERS:

AMBUSH ATTACKS ON MILITIA OFFI-
CERS IN THE COAL REGION,

 

Two Officers Fired On Near Tarkey Ren and
Two Others Stoned—Camp of the Eighth
Stoned at Night-Reading Company Seems
to Fear More Trouble— Miners Pazzied.

SHENANDOAH, Pa., Sept. 20—As Major
Halberstadt of Pottaville, the brigade surgeon,
and Thomas Glean of Philadelphia, of Gen,
Gobin's staff, were on their way on horseback
to the Twelfth Regiment, which is encamped on
the hill back of Turkey Run, from Shenandoah,
they were fired upon from ambush. The bul-
lets whiy.zed by thetr ears; both escaped Injury.
later in the day Lieut.-Col, Hutchinson and
Lieut, Bergstresser of the Eighth while riding
over the mountain were greeted by a volley of
stones from ambush. At midnight last night a
crowd gathered on the mountain aide back of
the camp of the Eighth Regiment and stormed
the sentinels with etonas, About a hundred
men of the regiment scoured the mountain aide
but found no one,

PREPARING FOR MORE TROUBLE.

The Reading Company Ready to Send Oat
100 Deputies To-morrow Morning.

PorrsviLue, Pa., Sept. 20—The Reading
Coal and fron Company js preparing to send ont
1% special deputies early on Monday morning.
This looks as if trouble is anticipated before
the remaiolog collieries of the company, twelve
in number, are forced to suspend in this dis-
triet. A train of fifty deputies was quietly
sent to the western end of Schuylkill county
to-night to guard property at Brookside and
Tower City, where there are three fine oolleries
at work full-handed—Brooketde, Goodspring
and Lincoln. The employees are deterinined
not to go out. The rumor ts that an attempt
may he made to fores the miners there to quit,
the same nas at Lykens .

Another trainioad of deputies, consteting o'
seven care, is side-tracked at Palo Alto to-night
ready to be sent either to Minersville or to the
Panther Valley mines. These collieries out
about 600 cars of coal a day, the plant at Weat
Brookside being one of the most valuable of
the Keading Company.

The strike feeling in this district has been
very much Increased by to-night’s meeting.
The Potts eolliery at Ashland closed down to-
night to remain idle until the strike is ended.
The Oak Hill, Pine Hill and Lytle collieries
did not work to-day, the emplorsees of those
operations foining the ranks of the strikers,
A desperate effort was made to start the Lytle
colliery this rnorning, but {t proved a fatlure,
The suspension of these three colllertes adds
1,500 employees to the army of anthracite strik-
ers. The annual tonnage of these three col-
lieries is over 500,000

A large force of strikers representing prin-
cipally the Lithuanian and other foreign ele-
ment, assembled at the raflroad station here
and tried to persuade the miners ving at Min-
ersville and vicinity, who are employed at Rich-
ardson and Glendower collieries, from taking
the train to work. Some few of the foreigners
were influenced not to go out. The 100 em-
ployees of Davis Brothers, Ellsworth colliery
at Broad Mountain, laid down their tools at
noon to-day and went on strike, ‘The colliery
had been working steadily. It is stated that
Phenix Park No. 4 is running short handed

Organizer Dougherty 1s going right ahead
organizing and will not cease his work nntil
there has been a_ settlement. To-morrow
an effort will be made to organize a branch
at Branchdale, The miners at the Silverton
colliery, when they quit work at noon, said ther
wanted the seale fixed the same as that adopted
at the Hazleton convention.

 

SITUATION IN THE HAZLETON REGION

Mines That Are Betng Worked and Those That
Are Idle—Strikers Use Threats,

Ha7LETON, Pa., Sept, 20.—The second weel
of the great coal strike closes to-night with
little or no advantage on ettherside since Inst
week, Theairisfullof rumors of strike settle-
ment and the mine workers at the various
collieries hereabouta congregate about the
offices, eagerly awaiting the news that will
bid = them return to work, Twenty-
two mines were in operation to-day.
Several are full handed but the
mafority are working under difficulties.
Lattimer had ita full quota, Cranberry has
gained additional recruita, while Beaver
Meadow has had as many men at work as any
day since the strike began. The other col-
Heries working to-day were Hazel mines, Shaft
No. 49, dJeddo Nos, 2, 4 and 5, Drifton, Pond
Creek, Derringer, Gowen, Onetda, No, 7 8tock-
ton and Eckley. Old Buck Mountain colliery
has been closed down, the men employed there
being transferred to Eckley.

Eckley colliery this morning found a goodly
number of men at No 10 ready to resume their
day's labor. The strippines are working with
good effect. At the loaded turnonta over fifty
loaded mine cars were standing awaiting to be
pnt through the breaker, The foremen do not
fear the colliery will be closed down

There are ten plants completely tied up fn
this district, as follows: Upper Lehigh, Sandy
Run, Hagie ftrook, Harwood, Milnesville, Bea-
ver Brook, Yorktown, Coleraine Old Buck
Mountain and Morgans & Co. The washeries
are all idle. There would be very few col-
Hieries crippled hereabouts if the men who are
on strike would remain at home and not mo-
jest these who want to work. Fear of bodily
harm is keeping the majority of men idle, ily
strikers have been abroad and sueceeded in
driving tollers back to their homes, This morn-
ing there were about seventy-five strikers
holding workmen up on Alter street and sev-
eral were not allowed to board traction cars.

\ gang of Hungarians stopped a number of
wo kmen who were on thelr way to work fe
Drfton this morning. Two of the number
were captured by Supt. Kudlich and the names
of allare known and ther will be arrested.

G. 8. Markle & Co's collieries are still] work-
ing with excellent results A Lehigh Valley
engine supplied the No. 5 colliery via atrain of
empties and took out a train of loaded cars
this morning, The Same can be sald of Jeddo
No tand Highland No.2. Constderable tronble
‘@ fronted the employees working
in Hiehland and living in Freeland,
whileone car was on the way to wort this morn-
fie. Before 5 o'clock a mob of nearly one
h indred men from Freeland and another gan
from Highland seattered themselves on every
path and road leading to tha colliery. Quite
a few were seen in the woods. They tnter-
cepted the men and drove them back to town
in droves, thus erippling that colliery consider-
abiv, The deputies were stationed on the
several crossroads, but the strikers did their
work where they could not be seen, Themat-
ter is now receiving the attention of the
roper authorities and men can rest assured
they can go to their work on Monday morn-
ing without being molested.

There is no change in the situation on the
south side, exeept that some of the fo: -
speaking strikers, with whom a reporter ta
to-day, are in destitute circumstances an
threaten to return to work {ff no aid is recely
from the mine workers. President Mitchell,
when asked about the matter, sald that the
organtyation had not yet received any appeal
for financial assistance,

John Markle of Jeddo, who made a business
trip to New York yesterday, returned home
to-day. tle enid he had nothing whate to
give out for publication regarding the mm
tion. Abie mass meeting under the ausplors
of the United Mine Workers was held on the old
baseball ground® near St. Gabriel's cemeterc
this afternoon, President Mitchell addransed

 

 

the meeting and urwed the strikers to stand
firm until the stmhe was settled definitely, By
an almost unanimous vote the men decided
to continue the strike

THE READING TIF-UP,

Farther Suspension of Mintng Men Wane the
Miners’ Unton Ro cognizced,
READING, Pa, Strike meetings
were held to-nieht at Tower City and Reimerton
in the west end of Shehuylkill county, @m@d ia

Sept. 29