Ba

 
 
       

A CLASH OF REGEIVERSHIPS
ATEN IN STATE COURT RERE.

 

Appointment Vold, Says Wireless Receiver
Samed by U.S. Court In Maine —U, 8,
Court a “Foreign Court’ ts the Ree

tort Motion to Cure the Defect Here,

Hail a doven lawyera took part in a
spirited argument before Supreme Court
Justice Cohalan yeaterday relating to an
efor! by Selden Bacon, receiver in bank-
ruptey of the United Wireleas Telegraph
Company, who was appointed in Maine
asi week by United States District Judge
Hale. to get the assets of the company
away from Robert E. Dowling and Sidney
Harris, who were appointed three weeka
ago by Justice Cohalan in a stockholders’
brought here, but without the
preliminary of making the
Attorney-General a party.

Charles EF. Littlefield and Saul 8S. Myers
were the lawyers who went to Maine
and had Selden Bacon, also a New York
appointed receiver in bank-
Roger Foster, counsel for cer-
tain stockholders in a suit here, charac-
terized the action as “an effort to throw
the company into bankruptcy by the
jackals who make their lair in the Federal
Building.” John Quinn, counsel for the
New York receivers, said that he sub-
ecribed to Mr. Foster's characterization.
Neither Mr. Littlefield nor Mr. Mvers was
present

A petition in) bankruptcy here had
heen thrown out previously because the
State court action was then pending and
the Federal court here decided that the
State court should have precedence in
the matter All the lawyers then repre-
renting various factions in the case had
stipulated to take no proceedings in any
other court after Justice Cohalan ap-
mointed receivers here, but Lawyers
Myers and Littlefield were not parties
to the other proceedings. They went
to Maine representing oreditors and got
Mr. Bacon appointed receiver in bank-
ruptey of the Maine corporation, which
owns all the stock. The New York cor-
poration operates the business

Shortly after Mr. Bacon was appointed
he wrote to the New York receivers de-
manding possession of all the assets and
as Mr. Quinn said, Mr. Bacon claimed
that under a recent act of Congress his
powera are “as wide as the continent
and as high as the sky.” Mr. Bacon
told Justice Cohalan later that he said
his powers were “as wide as the United
States.” In his letters to the receivers
Mr Bacon said that their appoiatment
vas invalid anyhow because the At-
torney-Genéral had not been made a
party to the proceeding here and that
they could not hold the assets. Mr. Bacon
also served an order. returnable in the
Federal court here, to show cause why he
should not be made ancillary receiver here
which would entitle him to take posses-
sion of the assets in this State

The New York receivera at once quit
paying salaries to wireless operators,
and asaresult of it, Mr. Foster said, many
eperators have been sleeping in Battery
Park the last few nighta. The local re-
ceivera de facto also got an order calling
all parties interested to appear yesterday
before Justice Lehman, now sitting in
Part 1.. Special Term, and show cause
why a nune pro tune order should not be
signed making the Attorney-General a
party in order to cure the defect in the
original appointment of the receivers.
They also asked permission to appear
in the Federal court to oppose Mr. Bacon's
appointment as ancillary receiver.

Mr. Bacon and all the lawyers who had
opposed the appointment of the receivers
named by Justice Cohalan urged Justice
lehman to adjourn the case because the
papers had been served on them just
before they went to court. Counsel for
the receivers insisted on an immediate
hearing, saying that delay would facili-
tate efforts to break up the company and
ihat important contracts are being held
up, one of which is the equipment of the
battleship which is now waiting here to
take the naval reserves on a cruise. The

curt refused an adjournment and sent
the case to Justice Cohalan, who heard
argument at once.

After the Maine bankruptcy proceed-
ings had been characterized by Mr. Foster
and Mr. Quinn the latter said: “Where is
Mr. Bacon? I object to his running
away” Just then Mr. Bacon was seen
outside the court room, having retired
when Justice Lehman refused an adjourn-
ment, and Mr. Quinn called him in. Mr.
Quinn then repeated that Mr. Bacon's
appointment was “the wanton and de-
structive act of a foreign court.” He
taid that the statement of the lawyers
*ho had Mr. Bacon appointed that the
company is insolvent is untrue, because

the sasets are $700,000 and the only in-
debtedness is a judgment of $65,000. He
baid that the Marconi company and other
business rivals would benefit if the United
Wireless is put out of business, and while
ne didn't want to eay that the lawyers
interested in it were acting for the rivals,
1 looked that way to him.

Mr. Quinn also asked Justice Cohalan
* inquire into Mr. Bacon's efforts to induce
the Attorney-General to take active steps
because he had not been made a party
to the proceedings. He said that at the
argument before Justice Lehman for
a delay Mr. Bacon went up to Deputy
Attorney-General Beyer,
court and ordered him to call at the
Attorney-General's office and see if he
wasn | directed to ask for an adjourn-
ment. One of the men Mr. Bacon spoke
nthe Attorney-General's office, said
Quinn, was his cousin, Deputy Attor-
hey General Henry Selden Bacon,
getting interesting,” said
Cohalan, and he call4d on Deputy

fetion
necessary

lawver,

ruptey

My

This is
Iusties
Att

Heyer said that he had inspected

the
“! have no sympathy with persons who
apse an

h
Apr

that

echnical grounds,” he said.

ment of ihe receivers here, said

pre

Wei,

‘ne papers only casually, but he thought crate in favor of the income tax included
rder asked for ought to be granted.! ,.semblyman Murray, who made a long

Foster had tried to stop the) nent against it was made by Assembly-
ceedings before Judge Hale in Maine | ™ peat eg 7 ,

ding hum a telegram asking {for

‘i! he could appear, and that this
'slerrany) se angered Judge Hale that he| HT
Appou.ted a receiver at once, He eaid | —Aar.

   
  

that because of the way the New York
State receivers have been running the
company they will have it bankrupt
anyhow in a short time

Justice Cohalan said he would sign the |
order asked for by the local receivers. |
Out of court Mr. Bacon said that he did
talk with his cousin in the Attorney- | Porcupine and Cobalt Mining Campe in
General's office and they both agreed that Path of Flames —Foreats, San Dried,
because of the relationship between them Are Katen Up by Wires- Many Flee

it would be better for Deputy Attorney- |
General Bacon to have nothing to do with } to Rivers and Lakes and Are Drowned.

the proceedings
POLICE TO SEE ABOUT ICE.

Mayor Suspects ‘Trust’ of “Heartless
Greed". Wants to Make Sure.

ESTIMATES OF THE DEAD RUN
EROMW 30 UP TO 300.

 

Orrawa, July 12.—Forest fires in the
mining district of northern Ontario,
which had been intermittent for a week,
were fanned into a general conflagration

Mayor Gaynor acted yesterday on pated isha dene bag bil Acai n hy
complainte that the American Ice Com. | @od for 200 miles the new mining coun-
pany ia refusing to sell ice to the inde-| try north of Cobalt is a scene of desola-
pendent dealers by sending the follow-|tion to-night. Just what the loss of life
ing letter lo Police Commissicne: Waldo | will total up will not be known for some
directing him to find out if the reports
are true:

1 have received several comp laiots that |
the American Ice Company is refusing to
sell and deliver ice to the so-called indte- |
pendent wagons engaged in the sale of ice,
thereby depriving the congested districts |
of the Rorough of Manhattan of ice to a
large extent, the company not having de-
livery wagons enough of its own to dis-
tribute ice throughout the city. Very much
discomfort and sickness is being caused
thereby

Thia is a matter for the District Attorney |

 

 

time, as the section awept by fire was be-
ing prospected by small parties without
means of escape from the flames.

The Temiskaming and Northern On-
traio Railway, extending from North Bay
on the Canadian Pacific Railroad, to Coch-
| rane, which is the point of junction with
the national transcontinental division
of the Grand Trunk Pacific, runs through
the devastated district. Cochrane has

of the county of New York to take coge | Practically een Wied Oe ERO Tany
nizance of, but as he has not yet done so | Mining camps In the recently opened up
please send ou! some of the most intelligent | gold district of Parcupine are in ashes.

men of the force to ascertain the supply | “hai , g
of ice which the said company bas here | Chairman Englehart of the T. and N. O

in the city from day to day and whether | railway commission reports to-night that
it is restricting the amount which it brings the lives lost in the fire so far ascertained
tS the Oy tn Orter 10 CARBRCe Pricer, eat number fifty and that over 200 are in-

the mumber of independent wagons which . ‘

it is refusing to supply, and this inform ation |jured. The latter are suffering intensely

we can lav before the District Attorney land are in urgent need of medical atten-
The case ae it is laid before me seems ' tion

to be one of heartless greed and oppression | At Big Dome mines six men perished in

and yet | do not wish to preiudge, for some- | the fames. while at West Dome two men

times such things are much exaggerated, | tost their ‘lives besides Manager Whito

as you know. 1am certain, however, that 7 u
the repor(s of distreas for lack of ice in some Fire han destroyed West

quarters are not exag@erated
see the president of the company personally
and get his version.
| am aware that this ia extra work the |
|

 

jand family.

cluding the Armstrong, McGibbon and
Vipond. Aura Lake post office and
town are gone, with the buildings of the
McIntyre mine, a rich property owned
by New York parties, and several stores

doing of which the law may not cast upon
you and your force at all, but 1 trust it will

be well done nevertheless
{and shacks.

WoW. Gaynor, 7 : i i
Saves It is believed the casualties will number
Several independent ice dealera on! hundreds.

the East Side decided yesterday to take) “~The northern tragedy increases in hor-
their grievances to District Attorney ror as time passes,” says the latest report
Whitman to-day. They allege that driv- | from North Bay. Telegraph wires being
era for the American Ice Company have! down at Pcrcupine have closed off the
been telling the customers of the inde- | news. Messengers have just arrived
pendent dealers that there was no shortage from Porcupine camp asking for physi-
of ice and that they would have no trou- cians and medical aid, and doctors are
ble in getting all they wanted if they} going from Cobalt, Haileyburg and
would sign a contract with the big com- | Liskard prepared to treat victims who
pany, At the same time, the indepen- | have been burned in the fire.
dent dealers allege, the ice trust refused; The Government railway is bringing
to furnish them with ice according to; out burned and injured people from
their contracts with the trust, saying | Porcupine to Iroquois Falla én gravel
that there was an ice shortage trains and a corps of doctors and nurses
District Attorney Whitman said ves- | will meet them there with a apecial train
terday that he thought if the ice trust | and rush them to hospitals.
had made contracts with independent}. No details of the number of fire victims
dealers to supply them with ice at a stipu- | and casualties can be obtained, but it is
lated rate and then refused to abide by | feared the list will reach hundreds, as the
the contracts, stating that there was a/| country is filled with prospectors and
shortage of ice, and it could be proved | settlers, especially in Bristol and ad-
that they had ice in their possession at! jacent townships, where new finds have
the time, the criminal law had been vio- | recently been made, and in Cripple Creek
lated. }district. It is reported that a man and

- - _—— wife and twelve children, settlers, have
CUBA ANGRY OVER SPIMSON.

 

‘heen burned to death. Subscriptions
j for the relief of the suffering and destitute
Hears He's Going to took tntoe Graft | have heen opened up at Toronto, Ottawa
There Lottery Seandal Duel? | and other points.
Spectat Cable Despatch to THR SuN At midnight the report comes from
Havana, July 12. The announcement |} North Bay that the loss of life will reach
that Secretary of War Stimson and Col. | soo
E. H. Crowder were to visit Cuba to in-;  Reportsof the resulta of the fire late
vestigate the “improvident and reckless! to-night are of still more alarming nature.
grants end concessions” made by the! 4 private measage from Haileybury says
present administration excites the Cuban! that at the height of the fire at Porcupine
Government press greatly. The nows- | to-day 600 people were driven into the
papers declare tha* it is most humiliating i lake and 200 lost their lives. The report
that Cuba should he subjected to such | from Cobalt at midnight is that altogether

foreign interference in her,interna!t affairs.
The opposition papera, however, say that
the move has long been expected as a
consequence of the Government's cor-
ruption.

Orenci Nodarse having given to El
Mundo an interview in which he denied
the charge made by El Dia that he was
grafting $85,000 a month from the lottery
of which he is director, El Dia reiterated
the charge this morning, saying that
President Gomez likewise was implicated.
It gave the names of persons in support
of ita statements. Nodarse communicated
with the editor of E/ Dia, it says, in an
attempt to purchase the paper's silence
and El Dia gives the names of the persons
who brought the message.

Gomez has forced the resignation of
Nodarse, which was accepted to-day. It
is believed that Nodarse will challenge
Representative André, the owner of El
Dia, to a duel, It is also rumored that
André will he assassinated as the only
means of saving the Government from the
exposures which his paper has been mak-
ing since the Conservative party refused
to accept and indorse his motion to im-
peach Gomez.

FOR FEDERAL INCOME TAX.

State Legisiatore Passes Resolution Ap-
proving It.

ALBANY, July 12.—The Assembly to-day
by a vote of 91 to 43 passed Senator Wag-
ner's resolution approving the proposed
Federal income tax, which has already
passed the Senate. The resolution was
the topic for discussion in the Assembly
moat of the day.

‘Assemblyman Terry of Kings was the
only Democrat to vote against the reso-
lution. He said he believed the Demo-

300 lives have been loat.

Toronto, Ont., July 12.—As the result
of the forest flrea thirty people have
lost their lives at Porcupine, including
Capt. White and his family at West
Dome Fifteen men were drowned
at South Porcupine when they were
driven into thelake by the dense clouds
of smoke and rolling wave of fire.

Two were burned to death at Eldorado
mine and another met a similar fate at the
United Porcupine mine. Three towns
have been wiped off the map. Hundreds
of refugees are facing starvation.

A train consisting of #00 women and
children was rushed out of Cochrane this
morning as the wall of flames advanced
toward the village. The town of 2,500
inhabitants was soon a mass of fire and
is entirely destroyed. South Porcupine
and Pittsville are charred ruins.

Two special trains have been sent to
bring out the 4,000 people who are facing
starvation or death by fire in the Tisdale
district.

The flames swept down on the towns
without warning. The alarm sent the
people rushing forthe lake, but they were
forced to abandon everything. The town
of Kelso was abandoned to-day after a
fight lasting since Sunday.

An estimate late to-night places the
Joes of lives in the Porcupine district at
300 to 400. A atretch of 30. miles of
woodland has thus far been burned over
by the fires raging above North Bay.

Nortu Bay, Ont., July 12.—From
North Bay northward for 300 miles
and covering a wide section east and
west flames are raging and miners,
prospectors and settlers are in desperate
plight if they even escape with their lives,
for supplies, buildings and equipment are
being wiped out by a roaring wall of fire

 
   
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
    
  
 
 
    
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
    
 

NORTH ONTARIO FIRE SWEPT/"#8¢t'* nock-crsppro miven.

Boy Swimmer Held in Stone Vice Under
Water May Live.

Two fifteen-year-old swimmers suc-
ceeded in releasing a thirteen-year-old
companion who, in diving, had become
wedged in between two large rocke under
six or seven feet of water off the foot of
Weat 104th street last night and got him
to the surface in time so that it ia believed
he will live.

Gabriel Cross of 908 Amsterdam avenue,
was the boy who was caught between the
rocks. Four other youngsters of the
nieghborhood, Eugene Joyce of 177 Weat
102d atreet, Joseph Stapleton, Charles
Murphy and Thomas Quinlan, already
were in the water when Cross came down
to the pier at about dusk and when he
had changed his clothes for trunks, dived
in. He did not reppear. The other boye
remembered that there were rocks at
the bottom at that point and Joyce and
Quinlan started for the bottom to see what
was wrong. Joyce toucnea the imprisoned
boy the second or third time he dived and
then coming up now and then for air,
Jovce and Quinlan worked at the boy
under the water until they had got him
free of tne rocks which held him. When
they brought him to the surface he was
unconscious and his two rescuers them-
selves had to be lifted out of the water

The shouts of the boys on the pier
brought men from the other end of the
wharf, a boat and men from a nearby
boathouse, and two sailors from the
cruiser Washington, anchored in the Hud-
son The three boys were liftd to the pier

and Cro#s was sent tothe J. Hood Wright |

Hospita! in an ambulance.

AMERICAN DUCHESS'S JEWELS.

 

 

880,800 Top Price in Sale of Lily of Mart.

borough's Diamonds and Pearis,
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tae Sun.
Lonpon, July 12.—Jewela that were the
Property of the late Lily, Duchess of
Marlborough, once Mrs. Hammersley of

Please also | Dome and all plants in ite vicinity, in- | New York and later wife of Lord William

Beresford, were sold at public auction
to-day at the rooms of Christie, Manson

& Woods. A brilliant necklace. composed
of forty-one graduated brilliants with a
single brilliant snap, was sold for $12,000;
a pearl necklace composed of sixty-one

graduated Oriental pearls and lengthened
by the addition of twenty-eight small
pearls with a gold barrel shaped snap,

went for $9,250.

The highest price of the sale was $80,500,

bid for a magnificent pearl necklace com-

posed of forty-one Oriental pearls with a
black pearl and diamond cluster snap

and a pearl and green enamel pendant
attached, enclosing hair.

A pearl and brilliant necklace, the
centre composed of seven graduated clus-
ters, each with a magnificent bouton
pearl, surrounded by brilliants with a
band of twenty-six brilliante, the snap
formed of a pearl and brilliant cluster,
sold for $35,000.

A pearl and brilliant tiara composed
of fourteen graduated clusters with a
bouton pearl in the centre of each divided
by brilliant scrolls and foliage, the whole
surmounted by fourteen fine drop shaped
Oriental pearls, fetched $37,500.

A pearl rope composed of 492 small
pearls divided by crystal rondels with a
diamond barrel snap brought $12,500.

Another pearl necklace belonging to a
person not named, sold for $25,000, and
still another sold for $5,050.

FIREWORKS IN THE HOU SE.
Representative Willis Sets Himself on

Fire, but Is Put Out.
WasHINGION, July 12--Debate was
running along smoothly in the House

to-day when a pyrotechnic display was
observed in a seat immediately in front
of the Speaker's rostrum. There was a
flash of fire, a puff of smoke and an ex-
clamation of pain

Members rushed to the scene of action
and rendered first aid to the injured,
Representative Willis of Ohio, or at least
a box of matches in his pocket that ignited.
waa the cause of all the trouble. When
he left his office thia morning Mr. Willis
placed the box of matches in a pocket
of his new alpaca coat. He was intently
following the debate when the matches
ignited

The blaze was quickly extinguished by
members sitting near by. Mr. Willis left
the House with only three quarters of
what was formerly a good alpaca coat

NEW ASPECT IN MELLON CASE.

Curphey and Kirkbride Say It Is sought
to Extradite on an Unheard Charge.
Gov. Dix having decided that the
offence for which George Alfred Curphey
and Capt. T. W. Kirkbride were indicted
in Pennsylvania is extraditable the two
Englishman should have appeared before
Judge Mulqueen in General Seasions yes-
terday. They were not there and Assiat-
ant District Attorney Johnstone moved
that their bail, $2,500 each, be forfeited.
The motion was opposed by Francis
P. Garvan, their counsel, He did not say
where his clienta were, but argued that,
the bail which was given by the National
Surety Company was put up when they
were charged with “obstructing public
ustice” and that Gov. Dix had not held
hem on that charge, but on a later one
alleging conspiracy. While the Goy-
ernor delayed his decision on the first

brought another alleging the more geeri-
ous offence against the two men. There
was never any hearing before a New York
Judge on that charge, as the first case
was already in the Governor's hands.
Judge Mulqueen reserved decision.
George Alfred Curphey was named as
cor dent in the suit for divorce

 

charge the Pennsylvania Grand Jury |

cratic party was making a mistake in | which illuminates the sky for many miles | brought by Andrew W. Mellon of Pitta-

ENSIGN. YOUNG DISAPPEARS

| SHIP AT NAVY YARD.

Was to Have Reen Up for Court-Martial
Yesterday Yard Opinion ts That He
Has Only Skipped—Comes From North
Carolina and Was Graduated in 1008.

“Absent without leave” was the only
official word to be had at the Brooklyn
navy yard yesterday concerning Ensign
Robert Simonton Young, Jr., signal officer
of the torpedo boat destroyer Perkins,
who disappeared from the ship and yard
on Tuesday night after writing a note
saving that he would drown himself.
But several more official words that had
been wired to the Navy Department at
Washington came back and set the navy
yard gossips talking about Young and
recalling the suicide of Lieut. Ozburn of
the gunboat Tacoma, who shot himself
at the yard nearly two weeks ago while

he reappeared he was placed under ar-
rest by his captain, Lieut.-Commander
Joel R. P. Pringle. He was to stay
aboard the Perkins until called before
the court-martial that was to hear hie
case at 10 o'clock yesterday morning.
He was not confined to his quarters, but
had the run of the deck and was on his
honor not to leave the vessel.

The Perkins was in dry dock at the
time, below the reach of whatever breezes
may have found their way through the
heat. Several times the temperature
rose to 106; the little ateel destroyer was
anything but comfortable. Even when
she was removed from the dry dock and
moored at the end of the Horn, the
long pier that crooks about the basin
like a protecting arm, confinement aboard
her was not just the sort of fun the young
Annapolis graduate would have chosen
in the hot spell.

At 10 o'clock on Tuesday night Young
turned in. He said it was hot. but he
was feeling all right. He wanted to get
what aleep he could before going to court-
martial next day. In the morning he
was missing. Lieut.-Commander Prin-
ale found the letter in which Young wrote
that he purposed drowning himself. On
the bunk beside the letter was a revolver
with one cartridge dented as if it had
missed fire when the trigger was pulled.
Lieut.Commander Pringle took the let-
ter to Admira! Leutze, commandant of
the yard. The Admiral sent a despatch
to Washington and called for detectives
from the Brooklyn bureau.

It was aaid at the yard yesterday that
neither Lieut. Commander Pringle nor the
Admiral believed that Young had killed
himself or that he intended to. The com-
rades of the ensign aboard the Perkins
held the same view. They said, “He's
skipped,” and added that they thought
he would be back to take his medicine
had been ashore long enough to
talk with hia parente. The navy yard
basin has not been dragged. The police
also are inclined to believe that Young is
alive.

When Lieut -Commander Pringle went
ashore yeaterday afternoon he left Lieut
Grady, chief engineer, in command of the
Perkins, and told him not to talk about
Young. Lieut. Grady was thereforemum,
but there were others who thought they
knew why Young had gone away

The ensign was transferred last winter
from the cruiser North Carolina to the
Perkins and presently became chief en-
gineer of the torpedo, boat destroyer. He
liked the job and the crew liked him, but
before long Lieut. Grady was transferred
to the Perkins from the Dixie and was
made chief engineer by Lieut -Com-
mander Pringle. Pringle and the ensign
didn't get along well thereafter, it was
said, but it was further said that the en-
sign waa “one of those chaps that don't
talk much ”

Young was appointed to the Naval
Academy in 1904 and was graduated in
1908. His home is in North Carolina. His
father is said to be a physician

GY ROSCOPIC COMPASS.

Overcomes Variations and isn't Defected
by fron.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN

Paris, July 12.- Ensign Lemaire of the
French navy has invented a gyroscopic
compass indicating the geographic north
instead of the magnetic north pole, as
does the ordinary compass.

The Navy Department has approved
the invention and finds that the Lemaire
compass dispenses with variation cal-
culations and is not affected by iron.

when he

CRAZED GIANT A MAN HURLER,

Edward Carrol! Tosses Pedestrians and
Fights Five Policemen.
Edward Carroll, a giant in stature

he stands 6 feet 3 inches and weighs 250
| pounds walked up to a pedestrian on
{188th street near the Alexander avenue
corner in The Bronx yesterday after-
{noon, grabbed hima about the waist and
threw him six feet out from the gutter
line. Then he reached for another,
throttled him and tossed him into the
street as easily as he would have thrown
‘a meat basket into a wagon.

Those who saw Carroll's face and his

awaiting court-martial trial for being) ganate to-day by an overwhelming ma-
absent without leave. jority.
' Ensign Young got shore leave two Gov. Smith received 155 votes against
ago and overstayed it five days. When| cast for his opponents.

The election of Gov. Smith to fill the

 

Twronspay, Jory 18, 16f1.
Fair to-day and probably to-morrow,
moderate canteen Wi light west

to nort

west winds.

 

 

TE)

PRICE TWO CENTS.

he RALPH GALLINGER wre.| 676 100,000 FROM INTERBORO

ew Hampshire Senator's Son Victim of
an Antomobiie Accident.

PEMBRORE, N. H., July 18.--Dr. Ralph
E. Gallinger,son of United States Senator
Jacob H. Gallinger, was killed in an auto-
mobile accident here about midnight,
A man named Davis who was with him
was seriously hurt

EVA ROOTH PROSTRATED.

Commander of the Saivation Army a
Victim of Working tn Hot Weather.
Among the victims of the hot weather

is Commander Eva Booth of the Salva-
tion Army, who after managing cam-
paigns in New York and Boston has had
several fainting spells and has found it
impossible to keep her appointment
to apeak at the Christian Endeavor con-
vention at Atlantic City.

 

HOKE SMITH MAY NOT ACCEPT.

Wilt Not Take Senate Seat at Least Till
Regular Session Opens.
ATLANTA, July 12.--Hoke Smith, in-
augurated as Governor of Georgia ten
days ago, was elected to the United States

 

four year unexpired term of the late
Senator A. 8. Clay complicates the politi-
cal situation in Georgia. If Gov. Smith
accepta the position as Senator it leaves a
yacancy in the Gubernatorial office and
ex-Gov. Joseph M. Brown has practically
announced that he will again offer for
the position of Governor, for which he was
recently defeated by Gov. Smith.

Should ex-Gov. Brown announce, he
will be opposed by friends of Hoke Smith
and the Gubernatorial primary will be a
lively contest. Gov. Smith has not yet
decided whether he will accept the Sena-
torship. It ia rumored to-night that he
may thank the General Aesembly for the
honor conferred upon him and decline
rather than see the State thrown into a
turmoil over the Governorship.

The impression ie, however, that Gov.
Smith will accept the Senatorship but
will remain as Governor until the regular
session of Congresa in the hope of getting
legislation which he thinks is needed
The General Aesembly to-day asked Gov.
Hoke Smith to make an address. The
Governor complied, but while he was
@peaking he was hissed by friends of de-
feated candidates.

 

NO BARRY MORE-—COLT SUIT YET

Hint at the Office of Actress's Lawyers
of a Reconciliation.

No papers have been served yet in the
suit which Mrs. Russell G. Colt (Ethel
Barrymore) is reported to have con-
templated against her husband. It was
hinted yesterday at the office of Ditten-
hoefer, Gerber & James, who as attor-
neys for Charles Frohman would also
represent Mies Barrymore, a Frohman
star, that there might be a reconciliation,
but it was said that no definite announce-
ment could be made.

According to Frank M. Patterson of 27
William street, Mr. Colt'’s lawyer, Mr
Colt has heard nothing from his wife or
her representatives regarding a suit and
atill believes that none is projected

 

PROFESSOR OF EUGENICS,

Cart Pearson First to Occupy London
University Chair.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tur Svs
Lonpon, July 12.--Carl Pearson will be
the first professor of eugenics at the
London University. The late Sir Francis
Galton left $225,000 to endow the chair

TWENTY-ONE NEW FIREHOUSES.

City Will Spend $1,000,000 for Modern

ty-one new firehouses that are to cost
about $1,000,000, including the buildings
and the sites

This is the largest building programme
ever undertaken the Fire Dep art-
ment. ‘The houses are to be of a uniform
type, of reenforced concrete and of sim-
ple construction.

Some of the new structures are to re-
place dilapidated engine houses, but
most of the twenty-one are to be new
of

by

quarters demanded by the growth
the city.

Bids will be called for this week, the
details of which will be printed in the
City Record. Vians and specifications
may be obtained at Fire Headquarters

Ten of the new buildings are to be
erected in Brooklyn, four in Manhattan,
four in The Bronx, two in Queens and
one in Richmond

 

MAINE TOWN DESTROYED. |

 

Flames Then Spread to Woods and Get
Beyond Control,

Porruann, Me., July 12.. The village |
of South Waterboro was swept by flames |
this afternoon. Thirty dwellings and |
nine other buildings were destroyed and |
100 persons made homeless.
to date is estimated at $300,000

After destroying the village the fire |
raced through the woods and this evening |
had swept a path four miles long tarough |
valuable umber tand, leaving also the}
ruins of three isolated farm houses in its
trail.

The fire is atill uncontrolled, although
a bucket, noe and shovel brigade of 300
farmers are fighting it, aided by engines

Structures in the Five Boroughs.
Fire Commissioner Johnson has ar-
ranged to begin the construction of twen-
The loss

IF CITY WILL LET IT EARN 3
PER CENT. ABOVE CHARGES.

 

Seth Low Says There Can Be No tdeal 6ab-
way System With the Interboro Com:
pany left Out—New Offer ts Likely
to Be Called For by To-morrow,

Ex-Mayor Seth Low, who has been
working to bring about an agreement
between the city and the Interborough
company for8new eubwaya, said last
night that he was under the impression
that an agreement could be made on
these terms:

“That the Interborough company shall
agree to furnish $75,000,000 of new capital,
more or less, for the construction and
equipment of that part of the McAneny
plan assigned to it if the city in any way
that may be found legal will permit It to
earn 3 per cent. above interest and
amprtization charges on its old and new
private capital.

“By entering into the proposed rela-
tions with both the rapid transit come
panies,” Mr. Low continued, “the city
becomes absolute master of the rapid
transit system of the city and its develop-
ment. If the Interborough company ree
mains outside of the present development
it is impossible for the city to make an
ideal system of rapid transit, no matter
how much it may spend in rapid transit
development.

*The city is justified also in remembere
ing that the rapid transit system con-
trolled by the Interborough company
under ita leases belongs to the city itself,
and it is in every way good judgment
when the city is spending money for
rapid transit development to spend it in
such a way as to add to the value of ite
own property and not to detract there
from.

“These are some of the advantages
which the city will secure by the arrange-
ment with the Interborough company.
Let us now look at the other side of the
picture.

“Probably every one will admit that
the advantages for the city, which I have
pointed out, are real. If any one at all
questions the arrangement it will be upon
the ground that the allowance to the
Interborough Company is too large.
Under the arrangement suggested that
allowance is to be three per cent. above
interest and amortization charges on the
total amount of private capita! involved
in the enterprise represented by bonds,
which it is estimated will be about $125,-
000,000; that is to say, the Interborough
company will receive $3,750,000 a year in
excess of its interest and amortization
charges.

“I should have heen glad, as every one
else would be glad, if it had been possible
to make the arrangement with the Inter-
borough company on more favorable
terms, but I do not hesitate to say that I
think the terms egreed upon are fair;
and it is altogether in the city's interest
to have agreed to them. The Inter-
borough's present stock capital is $35,-
000,000 and its investment in the aubway,
covered by bonds, is about $48,000,%9
above this capital Upon this stock
last vear it earned over $4,000,000 after
providing for the amortization on ite
bonds

“Under the arrangement proposed the
Interborough company will furnish
$75,100,000 of new capital for construction
and operation; will put in at $3,000,000
the Steinway tunnel, which cost it §8,-
000,000, and will receive for operating the
enlarged system $3,75u,000 o vear instead
of $4,000,000, which it is earning to-day
for operating the smaller system,

“lis true that the Interborough com-
pany is eaming to-day tore than it
should because it is carrying passengers
under conditions of crowding that are
abnormal, On the other hand when the
extent of the system to be operated is

 

more than doubled, as it “ill be under
the new arrangement, | submit tha it
is not unreasonable to permit the operas
tors to receive for this service the sum
of $3,750,000 ® year for the tern of the
lease. If it be assumed that the com-
pany'’s working capital will remain at
825,000,000, as it is to-day, not withstand.
ing the enlarged system to be operated,

the allowance to the company upon its
capital is about 104% percent ‘The publie
must bear in mind that this is the encire
reward which the company will receive
for operating this grea. system during
the term of the lease, for the company
does not own the subway and all of the
increased value of the subway passes
to the city automatically when the lease
expires. In ordinary investinents the
stockholders own the property and benefit
hy increase of value in that direction
as well as from current earnings, but in
this instance the proceeds of $125,000,000
of private capital furnished by the Inter-
borough company for the construction
of this subway system become automat-
ically the property of the city at the
termination of the lease. This of course
is covered by the amortization, 6o-called,
of the bonds.

“But the point to be emphasized is that
the stockholders have absolutely no way
of receiving a return for the labor and
risks attending the operation of the road
except from this allowance of $3,759,000,

advocating a tax on incomes and he
feared the party would regret it. As-
semblyman Chanler of Dutchess shared
Mr. Terry's feelings in regard to the |
resolution, but Mr. Chanler said he had
participated in the caucus on this propo-
sition and would be bound by it, an ex-
pression which brought smiles to the
faces of those who recalled how the for-
mer Lieutenant-Governor broke away
from the caucus on the United States

: Senatorship and voted against the caucus ; (‘ity and destroyed every building with
\orney-General Beyer fora statement. | candidate for nearly three months

Republicans who voted with the Demo-

h, and Assemblymen Brooks, Colne,
Ward and F. A. Waters

proposition, while the most forceful argu-

WHERE 10 TAKE LUNCH

DEWRY & SONS CO., 138 Fulton St, N. Y,

\
0 court and try to have an order | Goodman, Higgins, Hoff, Murray, Shlivek, | there.
i Minority Leader |
se ily Prentice, who had opposed the} Merritt made a vinorous attack on the
man Young of Westchester. | children, have been forced to rush into, un
SKE ' intense and blistering heat.
And drink the best American Wines | inmate

 

The town of Cochrane, at the junction
of the T. and N.O. Railway and the Trans-
continental, which was nearly wiped out
the other day by fire, was levelled to the
ground yesterday and the inhabitants are
in a bad way for food and shelter and are
asking assistance from neighboring towns
to the south

The flames have wiped out the mining
towns of Pottsville and South Porcupine,

 

burg agpinet hie wife, With his friend,|staring eyes yelled madly for help
Capt. Kirkbride, he went to Pittsburg | Policeman Ulrich of the Alexander avenue

Bee: tate pub nied atation, himself no weakling, ran up and
roceedings and while under subpoena | tackled Carroll. He was thrown on his
left the State and came to New York to! back in a twinkling and the big man

| Comaule taste counae. Vine, they were | placed a footon the policeman's neck,
arrested they said that they had no no-! inning him to the sidewalk. Th lice.

ry . | pinning him i e police
tn that they ahould nat ha elett ne Stale man blow, hie whistle and Policemen

; |Meyer and Hollister came running to
such State lines in Fngland, they said. i hia rescue. &

The giant took on the three almost aa

 

 

devastated the camps surrounding Golden ICE CREAM STRIKE, | easily an he head pnd, uver and over
200 Kast Side Workers Say They Tot) 8°r084 the cobbles the three rolled, locked

enti i in C | training embrace. Carroll bit
the exception of eight in Casnrene, ip bang fer Lattio Pay. ‘Hollister and then Meyer in the hands

terminal point of the Temiskaming and A union of ice cream makers recently ; and on the arms. Not until two more
Northern Ontario Railway, Golden City | o-panized by the United Hebrew Trades | policemen came up from the Alexander
j t d all th k of | Ore tion Was th
itself remains intact and all the work of | garted a strike yesterday in a number | #yenue station we », man subdued.
rescue and protection is being centred | o¢ past Side places, affecting 200 workers All five sat_on him until an ambulance
The workers eay they labor twelve and | came from Lincoln Hospital. Dr, Halla,
Information comes from South Tis- | fourteen hours a day seven days a week (no tode willl tt, AiNd tt he believed
dale that all the mining camps from Dome ; for 96. $10 and $128 week cr | tree olently
to Whitney township have been burned. | They want a shorter workday, & #ix} Garroll was taken to Bellevue Hos ital
Hundreds of people, men, women and | d& a BR Ts oy a where he waa put in the paychopathic
cream season, which pegipe earlier and |
je than

the lakes and streams for refuge from the oe hater an tha fees is any

Carroll lives at 878 East 139th street.

 

: other part of the city. The strike is to be CHy
. TO BANISH SUMMER FATIGU
GREAT BEAR SPRING WATER extended 1 other ice cream plants to- | onde Acid Phosphate, Teaspoontul ty ang Hors:
“its Purity Has made it famous.'!—Agr, | day. makes a delicious, cooling, Summer drink.— Ade.

which is 3 per cent. in excess of the cost

 

| from Portland, Me., and Rochester, N. H.,! of amortization on the private capital
j with crewa of trained firo fighters. At] involved.”
19 o'clock the flames were rapidly ap-| Mr. Low maintained that the city could
| proaching the village of Goodwins Mills. | not obtain a comprehensive and unified
The fire started at 2 o'clock thisafter-| system of rapid transit development
noon in A. F. McKenney’s barn from an | without the cooperation of the Inter-
unkpown source. | borough. The great defect of the original
rapid transit contract, he said, was in
its failure to provide a method by which
additions to the system could be made
from time to time as desired by the city
“The absence of such a provision,” he
said, “has resulted in the absolute ces-

 

 

! Hag of Water Fells a Woman. |

; One of the warm weather diversions
jof First avenue youngsters is dropping
| from the roofa paper bags filled with
| water on pedestrians below. About 0:80
to'clock last night Mrs. Mary Haley, 1®{ sation of rapid transit development for
‘years old, of 413 East Fiftieth street while ; "

passing 815 Firat avenue was struck on the ms oF es oo The arrangement
| head with a large bag containing a gallon | POW Propose with both the rapid transit
; or 40 of water. The bag burst and the} Companies contains such a provision,
| Water drenched her. The combination | so that by this agreement with the In-
|e the blow Gn she head and She shock of | terborough Rapid Transit Company the

the water rendered 1e@ o nm uncon- |. : ’ ;
Jacious. An ambulance surgeon revived | City will not only get the immediate re-
jher and took her to her home in the am- | Sult at which it aims but also it will avoid
; bulance | al! danger of the cessation of rapid transit

Only Twe MM his, New bork to Colorado, | development in the future.

| mock, eifland Lines, ‘de luae, “Roeky Mauniain | It ie not likely that the subway puzzle
dmited” and — Mountaineer, ng and will be solved at to-day's meeting of the
ening from Chicago. Low fare excursio Z &

ficketsy 401 Broadway.--ads. won | Board of Estimate. While Borough Presi.