‘

4

“nN

-

’

eee

“¥OL LXXIV.—NO, 338,
TWOKILLED IN AUTO ACCIDENT

OWNER 4ND GUEST PINNED UN-
DER OVERTURNED MACHINE.

 

 

 

Reth Taken Out Dead—Woman Mortatly
injored and Her Two Children and a
son of the Owner of the Machine Terri-
hiy Cut and Bruised, but Will Recover.

Mrppurrown, N. Y., Aug. 3.—Two men
were almost instantly killed, 2 woman was
mortally injured and three amall children
were terribly cut up and bruised in an auto-
mobile accident at Cuddeback ville, Orange
county, at 2:30 o'clock this afternoon

The killed were William J. Maxwell, a
wealthy young man of Wurtsboro, Sullivan
county. and John 8S. Fields, a contractor
and builder of Port Jervis, N.Y.

The injured are Mts. J. C. Eglinger. the
«fe of an Erie Railroad conductor: her
two children, Stella, 12 years of age, anc
Resell. 9 years, and Gordon Maxwel!, tne
son of W. J. Maxwell, 10 years of age.

Wiliam J. Maxwell was about 33 years of
age He was the aon of a Sullivan county
farmer. About five years ago he began to
recerve legacies from relatives and in time
bad a good size fortune. He married
Alpha, the daughter of Mr. and Mra. James
K. Gordon, well to do residents of Wurts-
baro

[his morning Mr. Maxwell, with his
wife and son Gordon, left. Wurtaboro for

« pleasure ride to Port Jervis, about thirty |

miles. On arriving at Port Jervis Mr.
and Mrs. Maxwell and son visited friends
until after dinner. Mr. Maxwell then
irove his machine to the home of John 8S.
Fields and invited him to take a ride. Mrs.
Maxwell preferred to visit with friends.
Mr. Fields spoke of his daughter and son-

inlaw and Mr. Maxwell drove the ma-
chine to their home and asked them to go
along

When the party started out it was com-
osed of Mr. Maxwell and his son Gordon,
John 8. Fields and his son-in-law, J. C.

Vglinger, and wife and two children, Stella
and Russell. It was decided to take a run
to Cuddeback ville, five miles away. The
road between Port Jervis and Wurtsboro
is as level and smooth as any in the county.
Mr. Maxwell had had a number of auto-
mobiles, but the one he had recently pur-
chased he was very proud of and he desired
to show its speed. The run from Port
Jervis to Cuddebackville was made wiihb-
out event

In the centre of the village Mr. Maxwell
endeavored to turn his machine around
for the start back to Port Jervis. It is said
that the machine, which was of 60 horse-
power, was running about fifty miles an
hour when the accident occurred. In
turning the machine something went wrong
with the steering gear and in an instant
the big touring car was upside down in
the ditch alongside the road. There were
several witnesses to the accident, who ran
‘o the assistance of the injured. Mr. Max-
well and Mr. Fi Jdound to be
pinned under the overturned machine. Mr.
Fields had been instantly killed, but Mr.
Maxwell was still breathing. Mrs. Eglinger
and her two children and Mr. Maxwell's
son were thrown some distance from the
machine. Before the two men could be
extricated from under the machine Mr
Max well had expired.

The bodies of the two men, with Mrs
glinger and the three children, were carried
into the house of Benjamin Cuddeback, and
physicians from Port Jervis were sum-
moned. Dr. H. B. Swartout and Pr. C. N.
Nhinner responded. They found Mrs. Eg-
Unger terribly injured, and it is believed that
ler back is broken. The three children
were fearfully cut and bruised. The in-
, red were taken to the Port Jervis hospital
to-night, where it is said that the children
will recover, but the recovery of Mrs. Eg-
hoger is doubtful.

FRANCE STOPS AUTO RACE,

‘coven Deaths in Accidents Cause Ministry
to Pnd Critertam de France Contest.
Special Catle Despatch to THER SUN.

Paris, Aug. 3.—Two accidents resulting
in seven deaths caused the Ministry of the
Interior to telegraph the Prefect of Give nde
to put a stop to the Criterium de Frarce
automobile race at the end of the second
iay, when it was only half completed.

rhe competition was for touring cars and
the speed was strictly limited to a moder-
ate rate, but the limit was utterly ignored
the firat day, all the cars arriving at the
controls before the schedule time, so much
s that the Ministry telegraphed a strong
warning this morning that it would suspend
competitors who exceeded the limit to-day.

lo-day's accidents, however, do not seem
to have been due to exceeding the speed
limit. In the worse of the two accidents
dust was proably the greatest factor. The
competitors, who had left Cleremont in
the morning and had passed. the most

 

\iffcult part of the route to Libourne, |

were nearing Bordeaux, where the road is
excellent and wide, when the second acci-
dent occurred.

The earlier accident, which was the indi-
rect cause of the later one, occurred near
“t. Medard, twelve miles from Bordeaux.
the competing car, Martini, driven by
Sergeesman and Mechanician Perret and
with two
Tequin, broke down. Meurice, who was
slightly injured, says the rear seemed to
vreax and the pneumatic tires burst. The
‘ar after a succession of bounds smashed
into a tree.

Lequin was taken to a hospital, where he
diel. Tue chauffeur was only slightly
Inyured

\t the Yurac sign post, seven miles from
Rordeaux
Monnier, with Driver Metayer and Mech-
anician Mathieu, was well on the right
side of the road when through the clouds
of dust appeared a motor coming from
Bordeaux in which were Driver Rouillier,
director of the auto agency at Bordeaux;
Mechanician Faveau and two local news-
paper men named Amigues and Herbert,
who were coming to inquire about the pre-
vious accident which had been reported
frorn St Medard. -

It is believed that Rouillier was trying
‘© pass a vehicle drawn by a horse which
was causing much dust. Suddenly the
‘wo cars came together with a terrific

crash. Both were reduced to wreckage. |

Peasants who rushed to the scene found
Rouillier, Mathieu and Metayer dead.
Faveau died on the way to the hospital.
Amigues and Herbert were taken to the
hospital in the gravest condition, the former
dying shortly after his arrival.

The interdiction of the Ministry of Marine

}

photographers, Meurice and |

the competing car Martinlethi ;

 

Saas

only refers to the Criterium de France
competition and does got say that the
Coupe de la Presse will also be forbidden,
The latter is a speed contest which is held
after the four days touring contest in con-
nection with the Criterium de France.

As the Coupe de la Presse contest takes
place on the Lisieux circuit with the route
guarded by troops it may still possibly be

| held. The regulations for to-day's running

| prescribed a maximum speed of 21 miles an

; hour. \

| A later account says the competing car
was named Suan and was driven by Martin
Lethimonnier, Eithlum Villemin and Me-
tayer. All three were killed, making the
total number of deaths seven

The Auto confirms the report of seven
killed. It says Roullier’s car, which was a
#) horse-power Peugot, was travelling at the
rate of thirty-six miles an hour. The Sul-
tan car was running at the rate of forty-
five miles an hour.

oe

CAR HITS AUTO; WOMAN KILLED.

Her Husband, ¢. H. Law, and Chaaffeur In
| jured at a Crossing in Atlantic City.

| ATLANTIO CiTY, Aug’ 3. Mrs. Charles B.
i of 2073 Ambler street, Philadelphia,

 

 

was killed in a collision ween a trolley
car and ap automobile at Chelsea and At-
thie afternoon. Mr.
Law, who was in the tonneau with his wife,
was badly hurt and is in serious danger
from the shock, and A. B. Streator, the
chauffeur, ia cut and bruised, bot not dan-
geromsly burt.
| The trolley car hit the automobile with
| @ terrific crach and all three passengers
were thrown high in the air as the machine
was whirled into a five foot deep ditch
which had been made at that point by the
| work of relaying the tracks. The auto was
| broken to pieces
Mrs. Law struck directly in front of the
| still moving car when she came down and
her head and body were badly crushed.
Ambulance surgeons who arrived in a few
minutes saw that the woman was dying,
but rushed her to the hospital. She
died before she was taken out of the ambu-
| lance.
| The husband was bleeding from a dozen
cuts and was taken with his wife in the
ambulance. He was half crazed by the
accident and even after his hurts had been
| bound up could not talk céherently. He is
| still in a ward and news of his wife's death
is kept from him.

Whea the crash occurred passengers on
the trolley car were thrown from their seats
and screaming women started a panic ih

| their efforts to leave the car.

A thousand cottagers and car passengers
witnessed the tragedy which was caused
by the attempt of the chauffeur to cross
the tracks ahead of the swiftly moving
trolley car, whose inotorman was making
up lost time on a run to Longport. The
machine was coming up from the speed-
way at Ventnor and the chauffeur, who
owned the machine which was hired by
the Laws, turned across the avenue to go
to his garage after a new supply of fuel.

Streator declares that the trolley car was
running at a bigh rate of speed and says
the motorman, Applegate, is tc blame.
The motorman, however, saysthat Streator
was talking to his passengers and failed
to turn his head in time ‘to see the car.
Poth men are being held for the investiga-
tion by Coroner Gaskill,

CYCLIST KILLED RB) at To,

Pricet and an Editor in a Car That Kan Over
KK. Bennett Near New Rochelle.

New ROCHELLE, N Y., Aug. 3.-—-Edward
Bennett, who had a cleaning and dyeing
establishment in the New Rochelle Theatre
building, died in the New Rochelle Hospital
this afternoon from injuries received late
last night when he was run over by a touring
car operated by Dr. Conde B. Pallen, ediior
of the New Catholic Encyclopedia

In the machine with Dr. Pallen was the
Rev. Thomas P. McLoughlin, who is pastor
of the Church o: the Bleased Sacrament in
New Rochelle. The accident occurred on
the Boston post road just over the Larch-
mont line. Dr. Pallen and Father McLough-
lin were bound for Larchmont, while Mr.
Bennett was returning to New Rochelle on
a bicycle.

Mr. Pallen and Father McLoughlin say
that Mr. Bennett was on the wrong side
of the road and that just before they reached
him another machine came along at a rapid
rate and crowded them to the curb. They
| had supposed that Bennett had intended
to take the path between the two machines,
but instead of this he appeared to be be-
wildered and after zigzagging a couple
of times he turned again toward the curb.
The car struck the wheel and smashed it
to pieces.

Bennett waa thrown under the machine
and when Dr. Pallen and Father McLoughlin
got out they found that he was pinned
beneath the car. They tried to back the
car off the man but were unable to move
it owing to the condition of the steering
gear, which was wrecked by Dr. Pallen in
| trying to avoid the collision by running
; into the curb. The priest and editor waited
| a short time until some chauffeurs in pass-
| ing cars helped them lift up the heavy
| wheels and release Bennett.
| _ After hearing the explanation : of Dr.
| Pallen and Father McLoughlin the Coroner
|
|

lantic avenues iate

 

 

AN

a i

permitted them to go on their own recog-
nizance with the understanding that they
would appear at the inquest.

eee

 

AN AUTO IN BAR HARBOR,

Which Is a Surprising Thing, Because a
! Rule Forbids It.

| Bar Hanson, Me., Aug. 3.—Bar Harbor,
| which some years ago practically forbade
| the use of automobiles on the island, was
| treated to a surprise to-night when a car
|

 

owned by F. C. Mahoney of New York
came into town. Mr. and Mrs, Mahoney
are registered at one of the hotels here
and intend to stay some time Before
coming here they consulted counsel and
if trouble follows are ready to make a test
case of it.

Some cottagers who are interested in
| keeping in force the rule against the cars

will take part in presenting the other side
| of the case.

 

MUCH WHEAT IN NEBRASKA,

Railroads in a Fix New Trying to Move
Part of the Crop.

| Omama, Neb., Aug. 3.—Nebraska railroads

are swamped with wheat which is being

shipped to markets and already the traffio

is so great that the roads are badly con-

. On some lines in a single division

are loaded 1,000 cars of wheat daily and the

motive power is not sufficient to keep the
| sidetracks cleared.

The present movement is altogether

| from the southern portion of

Vheat from Nebraska will bois
cane next week and the lines will be still
i further congested. 5

ie alt Pity

 

'HUSBAND HELD UP THE SHIP

ON THE HEELS OF HIS WIFE, THE
BOARDER AND LITTLE SAMMY.

 

Got to the City of Atlanta Just in Time, Col-
lared the Boarder, Let Him Ge Again,
(Came Tearing Back With a Polloe-
man and Nalied All Three of Them.

The lines were being cast from the steamer
City of Atlanta of the Savannah Line yes-
terday afternoon at the foot of Spring
street, North River, when a tall, hatless
man ran up the narrow gangway. A minute
later there was a series of feminine screams,
followed by a volley of curses, and the tall
man emerged from the crowd dragging a
man about half bis size down the gangplank
to the pier. He had the other by the back
of the collar and tossed hinfabout so that
the little fellow's feet oftentimes dangled
over the water.

Behind came a woman and a boy 5 years
old dressed in a white duck sailor suit.

“This scoundrel is stealing my wile!"
the tall man shouted as he ran through the
long pier shed toward Weet street. * Police!
Help! Police!”

“It's a lie!” cried the woman.
a trip for my health.”

Presently, with the woman clinging to
one arm and the child swung over his right
| shoulder, the short man came tearing back
| Scattering packages, money and even a

watch in their wake, the threetumbled up
the gangplank and disappeared in the body
of the vessel.

“That's a damn funny proceeding,” said
Capt. Johnson of the Atlanta as he snapped
hie watch case shut and chafed al the delay
Next came the tall man with Policeman
Edward Barry in tow.

“Hold the ship, for God's sake, hold the
ship!” he shouted. “This isa plot. A man
aboard is eloping with my wife and child.”

It took a twenty minute search to dig up
the other man, the woman and the child,
for now they were very quiet. After every
other stateroom had been looked into a
roomy cabin on the after deck waa found
to be looked. All hands pounded on it
vigorously, but there was no response.
The head steward found that it was as-
signed to no one, so the searchers felt sure
something was wrong.

“Come out or I shoot,” shouted Police-
man Barry as he gave the door a final kick
and grinned at those about him.

The door flew open and there was the little
man pale as a sheet. Clinging to him were
the woman and the child. The child wept
aloud at sight of the policeman. Fvery-
body talked at once. Then there was a
long warning blast from the @eumer's
whistle.

“I'm not going to sea,” said Barry “You
folks come with me to the station house.
There's something wrong here, but I'm
blessed if I can figure it out.”

They went ashore and the boat sailed.

“My name ie Abraham Gellend and I'm
a percha i lyn,” gaid the tall man
atthestation house. “My wife, two children

and I live at 553 Atlantic avenue. My wife
complained of being lonesome, and for
company I took in this fellow. He's a
salesman and is very polite. My wife got

to liking him better than me. Three weeks

ago I fired him out of the house. Then my

wife went to the police court and swore

that I hadattemptedtokillher. Magistrate

O'Reilly held me for trial in Special Sessions

upon this man’s evidence The case is
| down for August 19. :
“f got bail and moved my trunk out of
the house The next afternoon | came
home. There was my fourteen-year-old
daughter Helen on the stoop crying. She

said that nobody was home | broke in

the door and found the place cleaned out
| slick as a whistle. Even the’piano, bureau
| and bedclothes were gone. My wife had
| gold them to an auctioneer and cleared out.
| “f lost all track of them until to-day,
when a friend told me that the pair and
little Sammy, my son, were going to Savan-
nah. I washere, but they were slick enough
| to wait until the last minute before going
| aboard.”

The woman, who gave her name as Nellie
T. Gellend, broke in by saying that it was
all a lie. An explosion followed from the

| two men and everybody talked at once to
, Capt. Big Bill Hodgins, skipper of the sta-
| tion house In the middle of the noise the
woman fainted.

“Shut up! Shut up!” shouted the per-
aspiring police captain “You'll drive me
crazy.”

He tried to get them to talk one at a time,
| but as they wouldn't he locked them all
'

!
i
|
\
!

“Dm taking

 

 

 

 

 

up for disorderly conduct. The little man,
who had been pretty badly battered, said
that he was Louis Sohnier and that he
represented a tobacco house in Savannah.
The two men were put in the same cell,
too badly winded to be dangerous. Sammy
| was sent to the Gerry society rooms for the
night. Mrs. Gellend said the other child
was with its grandmother. At the night
court the husband was fined $1 and the
wife $3 and the lodger was sent to the
workhouse.

TWO HURT AT FIRE,

|
| on Man Saved--Reserves Out to Hanidie
! Kast Side Crowd.
| Just when the East Side was taking the
| air at 8 o'clock last night there was a cry
| of fire from the third story of the tenement
| at 214 and 216 Eldridge street. The crowd
became so thick that the reserves from three
stations had to make a lane for the engines.
The fire was gutting the apartments oc-
cupied by Nathan Millian when Policemen
| Hildebrand of tne Eldridge street station
! went up through the smoke and led the
tenants over the roof and down through
the next tenement. D. B. Weiner
of 214 East Tenth street found S. Roseman,
72 years old, who was in his bed on
the third r. Weiner took the old man
on his shoul and tried to down the
front stairway, but he was forced back.
| ‘Then he carried him to the roof,

About an hour after the fire it was dis-
covered that Mrs. Vitalo, 52 years old,
and her a mony Kate, 16 years old, had

ved en le

recei of. They ran to the
roof and jumped fifteen feet to the roof

 

 

 

of the next house. In the excitement no
one noticed Chem, The pe yantes | to
send them i they a
coach and drove et home of a friend

in Elizabeth street, where they got their
own doctor.

 

Cuban Thieves Return a Stolen Horse.
Spe cial Cable Despaich to Tus Sun. .

Havana, Aug. 3.—-An armed band at
Alquizar yesterday stole a horse and saddle
the State, | belonging to Alejandro Planas. Later they
returned the horse with this inacription

on his rump in paint:
“He ean’t travel.”

>
<=

 

a

**NEW YORK. SUNDAY, AUGUST 4, 1907.—copurions sso,

MUST STOP ATTACKS ON GIALS,

All Plain Clothes Men Ordered to Do Noth
ing Kise.

One of the firat acte yesterday of acting
Police Commissioner O'Keeffe was to send
out a general order to all policemen who
have,been doing plain clothes work to drop
what they have on hand and get out and
stop attacks on women and children This
ia the order: ,

“To All Districta and Precincts: Payrol-
men assigned to plain clothes duty in dis-
trict and precinct offices will do patrol
duty in plain clothes in their\respective
precincts, and will make a te where
attacks occur on women and children.
Said plain clothes patrolmen are
relieved from all other duties until further
orders by direction of the Police Commie-
sioner Moses W. Corrriant,

“Chief Inspector.”

The order applies to Greater New York.
The Commiasioner sent an order to all the
inspectors to meet in the Commissioner's
office to-morrow to consider plans for stamp-
ing out crime. Commiasioner O'Keeffe aaid
that he contemplated having handbills
printed warning mothers to keep watch on
their children. Mr. O'Keeffe said:

“All sensible men know that these crimes
in secret places, such as back rooms and

cellars, probably cannot be prevented.
These crimes are the result of depraved
| minds. But the police will do all im their
| power to stop them.” .

| Mr. O'Keeffe said that he would ask the
, Board of Fatimate to-morrow for an appro-
| priation to appoint 509 more policemen.
| He has written to acting Mayor McGowan
| asking that a meeting of the boards of Alder-
| men and Estimate and Apportionment be

 

called to bear him.

 

NO IMMUNITY FOR ATTACHES,
| (hauteur of Capt. @loman of Our Londen
| iintbassy Fined for Overspeeding.
Spectul Cathe Despatch to Tae Sts
Lonpon, Aug. 3.—Diplomatic privileges,
wherein the law of the land has been trans-
greased, have been claimed more frequently
hy members of the American Embassy than
any other body london. The lateat ex-
| ample waa ae. when exemption from
| the laws of England regulating the speed
of vehicles was claimed in behalf of the
chanffeur of Capt. 8. A. Cloman, the Amer-
ican Military Attaché. Neither Capt. Cloman
nor the chauffeur appeared in the Hunting-
don police court, but a letter was read to the
| Magistrates asserting exemption for the

| aan on the ground that he was a
servant of a member of the United States

| Embaaay.

Capt. Cloman made a mistake in thinking
that the privileges of his servants were
the same as his own and the Ambassador's
servants. Under the provisions of the

| Statute of Queen Anne such exemptions

| only apply to members of the embassy
and their suite and the Ambassador's
| Rownehetd servants. In other words, Mr

Reid and his family and every one of his

| secretaries and eighty-seven servants enjoy

| diplomatic immunity from arrest and proc-
| @s8, but the servants of the various at-
tachés are not included in this imrounity.

| Under the provisions of the dtatute in
question the Embassy is obliged to furnish
a list to the Foreign Office of persons en-
titled to exemption. The list is then for-
warded to the Home Office and copies sent
to the Sheriffs of the various counties.
The American Embassy list thus includes
Ambassador Reid and family, all the mem-
bers of the Embassy and their families, the
clerks, and Mr. Reid's entire household
down to the humblest servant, but does
| not include the secretary to the naval at-
taché and the servants employed by various
|

attachés.

The Huntingdon Magistrates therefore
inflicted a fine of $60 on the ground that
there was no proof that Capt. Cloman’s
chauffeur was in the employ of the Em-
bassy.

A short time ago Mr. Reid's chauffeur
| was arrested at High Barnet for exceeding
| the speed limit. He was discharged on
| pleading diplomatic exemptions.

Spencer Eddy, when secretary of the
London Embaasy, also eacaped when ar-
rested for riding a bicycle on a side path.
Another well known case is that of William
Brown, who was coachman to the late John
Hay. He was arrested for obstructing the
passage of vehicles. When arraigned at
the Bow street police court the Magistrate
expressed regret at his arrest.

CZAR MEETS THE KAISER.

(ioes on Board the Hohenzoliern and Re-
views the German Baltic Fleet
Special Cable Despatch to Tas Sun.

SWINEMUENDE, Prussia, Aug. 3.—The
Kaiser and the Czar metat 11 o'clock this
| morning.
| The arrival of eleven Russian warships
| preceded the greeting of the two Emperors
on the high sea. Emperor William, accom-
panied by Chancellor von Buelow and Ad-
miral von Tirpitz, the German Minister of
Marine, boarded the Russian royal yacht
Standart, thirty German men-of-war form-
ing a significant background. The Czar
shortly afterward returned the visit,
| lunching with the Emperor aboard the
Hoheuzollern. To-night there was a gala
dinner aboard the Hohenzollern and both
fleets were illuminated. On Mondav there
will be great naval manouvres and on
Tuesday the fleets will leave for home.

TRAINMEN CALLED OUT,

Strike Order Issued on Entire Colorado and
Southern System.

Denver, Col., Aug. 8.—At noon to-day
another strike order went into effect on the
Colorado and Sowthern Railroad, calling
| out every member of the Brotherhood of

 

 

 

 

 

Railway Trainmen over the entire system.,:
Before it was delivered to the men Vivce-
| President Parker of the road sent telegrama
to President Roosevelt, Charles P. Neill,
Commissioner of Labor, and Martin A.
Knapp, acting for Government lavervention,
to prevent the calling out of the men. The
jueet was a little tardy.
n effect it recited that the trainmen were
| violating their agreement as a result of the
Chicago conference in calling the men out
wanees the thirty day notice in the sched-
ules.
Switchmen, conductors who are members
of the organization in charge of the strike,

b am. brakemen and flagmen in
both the freight and passenger service
| are included | Colorado and. Southern off
' aa a trains will not

| delayed but admit that the freight ser-
vice will be hurt. Besides the 300 men di-
| rectly affected there will be close to 500

other men, including conductors, neers
end Svemen. who will be wu to
we

 

nab!

 

latest Marine Intelligence.

Arrived; Ss New York, Southampton, July 27; as
Richmond, Georgetown, Ju y 81.

pErer's OLD PORT WINE INVALIDS
WIL strengthen the eak and lescenta,
H. T. Dewey & Soas Co., 188 Fulton St., New York,

Age.

oe en

 

 

ONE, A STAR BOARDER,
KILLED BY THE WIFE,

WAS

*

The Other, a Husbend, Had His Throat
q and the Wife and Star Bearder
Ray M's a Suickie—Two Household
‘Tragedies on Different Sides of Town.

 

Frank Gertinger, an electrician who
boarded with the family of Louis Stein on
the top floor of 320 East Eighty-third atreet,
was shot and killed early this morning by
Stein's wife, Teresa.

At almost the same hour the dead body
of Arthur Tyler was found in his apartment
on the Sixth floor of 306 Weat 112th street
His throat was cut from earto ear. His
wife and a boarder, Thomas Fitzgerald
were detained by the police.

Mr. and Mrs. Stein late last night had a
violent quarrel, in which Gertinger took a
emall part. It was finally wound up by
Mrs. Stein with these words:

“If | go TN take Frank with me.”

Then she drew a revolver and fired three
shots at Gertinger’s back. One took effect
and he died instantly.
| Mra. Stein then ran to a rear window

and jumped into the yard. She was picked

up @o badly burt that the surgeons at

Roosevelt Hospital said she couldn't live.
| Stein and a grownup daughter, Lonise
! were held as witnesses.

The body of Arthur Tyler was found in
the kitchen of the apartment by William
Hansbrough, the elevator man. ‘Tyler's
head was in the oven of a gaa atove and the
gas was turned on.

Death had resul@ed from the gash in his
throat. When the police investigated they
found that Tyler's throat must have been
cut in the bedroom twentp-five feet away
where the bed was covered with blood.
‘There was no blood on the way to the kitchen.

The police sent ous an alarm for Mrs.
Tyler and Fitzgerald, the boarder, and an
hour after the body was found they both
returned together.

When Mrs. Tyler was told of it she merely
said:

“That's not surprising. I expected him
to do it long ago. He tried it last Feb-
ruary.”

The pelice then learned that Mra. Tyler
and Fitzgerald had both been away on a
long trip to the South, and had only re-
turned yesterday afternoon.

Employees of the apartment house said
that Mr. and Mrs. Tyler left the house early
in the evening at about the same time.
Tyler revurned later alone and got the
janitor’s key to get into his apartment.
Neither the woman or Fitzgerald were
noticed around there in the evening.

Tyler was salesman for a whiskey firm.

KGIRL DEAD, HOUSE ROBBED.

The Discovery Made After a Fire in
lawyer Mack's Home.

Sofia Heckler, a servant employed in the
home of Harry Mack, a lawyer, at 20° East
Sixty-seoond street, was found dead in the
basement of the house shortly before 11
o'clock last night. There were burne on
the head and body. A fire bad burned out
the second floor of the bouse late in the
afternoon. Mr. Mack reported to Capt.
Cooney of the East Sixty-seventh street
police station after the fire that he and hi«
brother, Leo Mack, a clothier, bad been
robbed of jewelry worth 81,000.
| A passerby saw smoke coming, from the
| second story window of the house about
; 4 o'clock, An alarm brought Battalion
Chief Kane, and it was found necessary to
|

SSN, sessilis “tessa

 

batter in the heavy front door. Once this
had been done it took twenty minutes work
to put out the fire.

Chief Kane noticed that things had been
upset in the rooms and so reported to Mr
Mack. The latter said that his family
and his brother's family were out of town,
but they had left everything orderly. Mr.
Mack inquired for the servant. The lawyer
said that she had received a package of
clothes that he sent home in the afternoon.

A search was made of the house for the
servant, but she wasn't found. Mr. Mack
asked the neighbors, but they bad not seen
her.

A fire patrolman on watch at the house

| last night noticed that a door leading from
the dining room, which is on the first floor,
to the basement was bolted. He opened

‘ the door and walked to the bottom of the

| stairs, where he stumbled over the body
of the girl. The body was at the foot of
the stairs. There was blood on the girl's
head and she was burned slightly.

Detectives Donnelly and Michel of the
East Sixty-seventh street station hastened
to the house. Capt. Cooney said that she
might have been burned by the fire and
in her haste to get away had fallen down
the stairs. After the fire a fireman or a
policeman might have bolted the door to
prevent any one from entering the base-
ment

Mr. Mack said that the servant had
been employed by the family for about

] six months. She was 2* years old.

| Mr. Mack said that he and his brother

| had been robhied of several go!d fobs, two
diamond shirt etude, a number of stick-
pins, sleeve buttons and numerous other
trinkets.

Se eee Se a a noenoeatet

by fhe Sun Printing and Publishing Aesociation “

TWO MEN ARE FOUND SLAIN|

 

SSS Sl

est ee

Sunpay, Avdver 4, 1007,
Fair to-day and to-morrow;
light variable winds.

*

 

——

ENTIRE CITY UP FOR PLUNDER,

60,000 of Irkutsk Accused of
Burning Stoicn Ratiroad Candies.
Special Cable Despatch to Tum Sun.

Sr. Pererspura, Aug. 3.—The entire
population of Irkutek, Siberia, acoording
to the nowspaper Sibir, has been summoned
to the law courts by the Siberian-Baikal |
railway administration on the charge of |
receiving stolen candles which were the
property of the railway company. An
investigation has shown that the entire
population of Irkutsk and the vicinity,
some 60,000 persons, have used candles for
some time which have been stolen syatem-
atically by wholesale from the different
railway stations.

ALEON DUE TO DIE NOW, |
-_--—-_eo

Kast Orange Armeniag's Time Limit to Pay
10,000 for His Life Expires. |
East Oranat, N. J., Aug. 3.--According |
to the schedule of the Hunchakist society, |
as conveyed to Armen P. Aleon of 86 Arling- |
ton avenue north, Fast Orange, to-morrow |
will be ascension day for Mr. Aleon. The
time limit allowed him by the society in
which to pay $10,000 as the price of his |
life expired at midnight to-night, after |
which Mr. Aleon is due to be translated |
either by bomb or bullet at most any time. |
He hasn't paid the $10,000 and says he won't. |
Accompanied by Policeman Nelson Gam-
ble, Mr. Aleon want down to the 8:10 train |
this morning. He has not relaxed any |
|
'
|
{
|
'
\

'

 

of the elaborate precautions to guard him-
self. The repeating riftes, shotgun, pistols |
and bulldog are al! in excellent working
order.

Mr. Aleon says he is most afraid of
Alexan Arzouin, who, he eays, is the “head |
devil” of the bunch that is after him. He |

‘saya he wishes the poiice would nail Ar-

vouin, [t would make his mother much hap- |
pier than she is now. However; the rug
importer seems reassured to a certain
extent by the rounding up of Father Mar-
toogessian

SPAIN WILL PAY UP.

{
{
}
|
|
|
.
Recognizes a Debt of Long Standing to the {
United States of About #000,000. f
Wasnincron, Aug. 3-—Spain has just |
recognized a debt of long standing to the
United States. The Spanish Cortez hae
passed an act directing the payment to
the United States of a debt acknowledged
by Spain in a convention of February 17
18%. The claim is for damages inflicted
upon American commerce. The certificates
of indebtedness were delivered to the
United States and interest paid thereon
at the rate of 5 per cent. until 1878, when
Secretary Evarts called attention to the
unpaid principal and to the law creating
the sinking fund out of which the principal
was to be paid. The matter since then
has been a aubject of legislative delibera-
tion in the Spanish Cortez. The amount
involved is approximately $600,000

 

POPE TO BREAK A’ CUSTOM,

Witt Direct That His Precerdia Re Not
Preserved in Alcohol.

Special © to Tar Sor. i
Paria, Aug tk patch from Rome |

to the Figaro says the Pope intenda to |
break a custom dating from the time of |
Pope Juliua Il. When a Pope dies his body |
is embalmed and the entrails preserved in |
alcohol. A collection of these precordia
1
'
'
|

 

 

are kept in the Quirinal parish church.
Many of the vases have been foun burst,
owing to the evaporation of the alcohol, |
and the contents pulverized.

Pius X. has intimated a wish that bis |
precordia be not separated from his body.
This is equivalent to a wish that his body
be not embalmed. !

LOSES $1,000 OVERBOARD. |

 

Mrs, James Mesick Drops Gold Purse With |
Hing and Meney From Steamer Nantasket.

New Lonpon, Conn., Aug. 3. When the |
steamer Nantasket atrived from Shelter |
Island this evening news was received \
that a guest of the Manhanset House on the |
island had lost a purse overboard from the |
boat which, with the contents, was valued |
at $1,000 '

A clerk in the Manhanset House to-night |
said that the loser is Mra. James Mesick of
New York. The purse was of solid gold,
adorned with diamonds and sapphires. A |
diamond ring and a sum of money were in |
the purse. !

WILLIAMS OR VARDAMAN?

Vote Is Se Close Yow That There ts No,
Telling Who's Kiected. j

JACKSON, Mias., Aug. 3.—The expert |
accountants employed at the Williams |
and the Vardaman headquarters here get |
closer and closer together with every fresh |
tally sheet end chances seem good that |
by the day on which the State committee
meets to count the vote the candidates will |
be neck and neck. #4

John Sharp Williams this afternoon
gave out a statement declaring be is elected
by about 650 votes.

His campaign manager says 900. Gov.
Vardaman says he is elected by about 250,
the returns from all counties save Jackson
being official, and that is conceded to Will-
iams by 300. Should it go more Vardaman’'s
majority, as claimed, will be correspond-
ingly less.

The situation is that both sides are per-

Rattalion Chief Kane said that he had | favor of Williams. There can be no settle-

questioned his men closely and was
convinced that the house was in a state of
disorder when the firemen got there.

A lunch was spread on the kitchen table
and part of it had been eaten. Chief Kane
said that in his opinion the girl had been

ment satisfactory to both factions till after
the executive committee meets on August 8
to declare results officially.

MISS DREXEL MAY TAKE VEIL,

 

murdered. Mr. Mack said late last night | Report That She Is Willing to Enter Order

| that he was certain that she had been mur-
dered. The woman's skull may have been
fractired.

 

FKUDIST WCOY KILLED:

Arrest for Assault on a Woman.
Lexrnorton, Ky., Aug. 3.—-A special from
Whitesburg tells of the killing to-day of
James McCoy, who for several days has
been defying arrest. MoCoy was prominent
in the Hatfleld-McCoy feud in Pike county,
but the officers upon this occasion were
| hunting him for striking and wounding
| his mother-in-law, Mrs. Martha ‘White.
' McCoy had married a second time, his wife
| being the daughter of a former comrade

| in the Pike county feud, Bill White.
Sheriff Holbrooks went with several
| helpers to the McCoy home. McCoy had
|

{ ee
It Wasn't for Revenge, but for Resisting

been warned, and taking two Winchester
rifles he fled to the mountains. McCoy was
surrounded, but he fought till his ammu-
nition was gone. He was found with several
bullets in his body.

Founded by a Relative.

PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Aug. 3.—Miss Mar-
gareta A. Drexel, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. |
Anthony J. Drexel, may enter a convent.
Mother, Katherine Drexel of the Convent
of the Sacred Heart at Torresdale and Mother
Superior of the Convent of Sisters of the |
Blessed Sacrament for Indians, returned |
to Philadelphia to-day from Rome. By |
those close to her it was said to-night that |
not the least of her missions abroad had been
to persuade her relative, who is still in her
teens, to take the veil and to enter the order
she has founded.

Her parents are reported to be opposed
to auch a step but will yield if they become
convinced that her happiness is dependent
upon it. Miss Margareta is said to be
eager to retire from the world. The an-
nouncement of her decision probably will
come before winter.

Mother Katherine brought back with her |
the special blessing of the Pope for the |
order she has founded.

Commence your vaca’ rigs bi
Line, See Steam boat oad cscs Savin ak

s
“~~

|
|
|
'
'
|
sistently claiming victory, but chances are in |
I
|
|
|
|

 

 

: indulged in much caustic comment.

| bowed over the manuscript.

—aananeenaanneaned — ——

 

THIRTY-FOUR PAGES, PRICE FIVE CENTS.

$29,240,000 FINE
ON STANDARD OL

Penalty for Rebating Is Ime
posed on 1,462 Counts
of the Indictment.

JUDGE LANDIS'S REBUKE.

 

Speaks Harshly of “Studied inso-
lence” of Lawyers for Indi-
ana Corporation.

Motive Not Matecriet Where Proo!? of Crime
Is So Glear, Justice Mays, In Consider
ing Plea That There Could Be No Ine
Jury to Competitors, There Being None
—*pecial Grand Jeary @rdered to Be
aipanctied for Aurost 14 to Cote
sider Case of Other Party to Rebate
ing, the (htcage and Aon Raliroad
—Opinion Is Couched in Violent Terme
—standard OF Will Appral the Casr.

CHicaco, Aug. 3. A fine of $29,240,000,
the greatest in the history of criminal jurie
prudence, was the penalty imposed upon
the Standard Oil Company of Indiana to-
day after a conviction for accepting re-
bates from the Chicago and Alton Railroad
in violation of the interstate commerce
law by Judge K. M. Landis in the United
States District Court. The punishment is
the maximum possible under the statutes,
$20,000 on each of the 1,46? counts of the in-
dictment upheld during the trial. Judge
Landis expressed regret that be could not
strike a harder blow

Judge Landis ordered that a special
Grand Jury be convened on Auguet 14 to
consider the evidence brought out in the
Standard Oi} trial concerning the Chicago
and Alton Railroad as the giver of the re-
bates which the oil corporation accepted.

Judge Landis discussed the contentions
of the corporation's counsel in detail and
or
the contention that the Constitution of the

| United States gives the inherent right to

make secret agreements regarding rail-
road rates he said: “Candor obliges the

| Court to say that he knows nothing to sup-

port it but the eminence of the counsel who
asserted it. A more abhorrent heresy
could not well be conceived. One might
as well assert the right to make a secret
agreement with the collector of customs
or a tax assessor for a low rate of custome
duty or a much reduced assessment on
property.”

, The Court classified those who evade the
laws on rebates with the counterfeiters of
money and others who rob the mails. “Com-
mon honesty is not to be ignored, even in
this day,” was another shaft followed by the
statement that more offences like those
charged in this trial would wound society
more deeply than the acts of the lawlese of
less prominent position.

In leading up to the announcement of the
penalty Judge Landis declared that the
Standard Oil Company of New Jersey, the
main corporation,: was the real offender,
and that its only motive was the enhance.
ment of its dividends. Therefore the’ only

| adequate punishment was a fine of sufficient

size to deter others from following the re-
bate course to great wealth

A email penalty, the Court insisied, might
be taken by lawbreakers of this class a¢

, being in the nature of a license, and there-
| fore anything less than one-third of the net

revenues of the corporatiow in the thres

' years covered by the offences charged coul4
| be comparable to the imprisonment of a

human being for one day.

Merritt Starr, partner of John 8. Miller,
the chief of the Standard Oil counsel, who
with Chauncey W. Martyn and Robert W,
Stewart of A. D. Kddy's office represented
the defendant, arose in the crowded court
room when the case was called, saying he had
a few suggestions to offer relative to any
order the Court might enter. Judge Landis
waved the attorney aside with the remark
that such matters could be taken up after
the order had been read and plunged at
once into the document which he held
As the reading went on the Judge's head
His feelings
were visible in the workings of his face and
the emphasis with which he voiced the de-
nunciations of corporate dishonesty. The
reading went on with a rapidity that tried
the abilities of the court stenographers.

Attorneys Starr, Stewart and Martyn
gave out a statement after Judge Landis
had finished, in which they declared for the
Standard Oil that “this case and its reeult

| itustrates how a law may be 6o applied

as to promote the evil it is designed to
prevent and penalize that which it is in-
tended to promote and secure.” They as-
serted that while the purpose of the inter-
state commerce law was to prevent re-
straints and promote freedom of com-
merce, as it was appliedin this case it put
shackles upon trade.

The punishment proposed by Judge
Landis recalls the severe blow dealt the
Waters-Pierce Oi] Company in Texas oa
June 1, when that branch of the Standard

| was found guilty on 2,521 counts of violating

the anti-trust law and penalty fixed at a
fine of $1,623,000 and revocation of license
to do business in the State.

United States District Attorney Sims
and his assistants, James H. Wilkerson,
Robert W. Childs and Hafry A. Parkin,
who devoted all of their time to the case,
were pleased at the victory.

“We studied the Court's directions,” said
Mr. Sims, “and acted as instructed. It is
hard to say whether the Standard Oil Com-
pany will take the case to the United States
Court of Appeals or directly to the Supreme
Court of the United States. The attorneys
for the defence assert that there are con-
stitutional questions involved in the de-
cisiem which may cause them to take their

. ‘

gl

oe

ei!
re