f,

 

G&ppeal directly to the higher court of the | |

eountry.”
That the lengthy opinion given by the
Court would rmaiterially clear up the Gov-

ermment’s constant study of questions re-

lating to interstate commerce was the
opinion of the District Attorney. “The
opinion was the strongest and clearest
statement of muiters relative to this sub-
ject that has been given,” said Attorney |
Sime. “It is a clear exposition of up to date |
facts regarding the interstate commerce |
laws and comes at the most opportune
time, For twenty years the Government
has been studying and working on this
question and this opinion clows up a num-
ber of doubtful questions and blazes the
way for many things.”

In beginning his decimon thie morning

Judge Landia set forth a statement of the
facts of the case as follows:

“This is a prosecution of the Standard
Oi Company of Indiana for alleged viola- ;
tions of the act approved February 19, 1003,

known as the Elkins law. The charge is
that the defendants’ property was trans-
ported by the Chicago and Alton Railway
Company at rates leas than those named in
the carriers’ tariff schedules published and
tiled with the Interstate Commerce Commis-
Rion, as required by law. The offences
are aileged to have been committed
during the period from September 1, 1003,
to March 1, 1005. ‘The indictment contains
1,903 counts, each chars, the movement of
@ car of oil. Certain of the transportation
is alleged to have been from Whiting, Ind.,
19 Eaat St. Louis, [b., the remaining counts
covering transportation from Chappell, DIL,
toSt. Louie, Mo ‘The plea was ‘not guilty.’
Op the trial 441 counts were withdrawn
from the consideration of the jury on
grounds not going to the ultimate questions
fnvolved in the case. On 1,462 counts the
verdict was ‘guilty.’ Motions for a new
tral and anarreat of judgment having been
overruled, the matter is now before the
court for the imposition of the penalty
authorized by law.”

A good part of the decision was taken
up with a quotation of the statute forbidding
rebating.

“The men who deliberately violate this
Yaw wound society more deeply than does
he who counterfeits the coin or steals letters
from the mails,” was one sentence in the
Judge's arraignment of the company.
Karlier he had announced that to heed
ite plea for a modest fine because it had
injured no competitors, it haying none,
would be to put a premium upon crime.

Another rebuke for the defendant cor-
poration and for the lawyers came when
Judge Landis spoke of the “studied inso-
lence” with which they had treated the
Court. With the rebuke was a warning.
Judge Landia quoted from the statement in
which the company lawyers had refused to
plead mitigating circumstances in connec-
tion with their defence, and said that he
must consider their offence the first one.

In this statement the word “mob” had
been used. It afforded Judge Landis an
opportunity for pillorying the “millionaire
corporation” which “gratuitously intro-
duced” such a subject before the court.

Judge Landis then told of the examination
of the officers of the Standard Oil Company
of New Jersey, its purpose and in what it
had resulted

“For the guidance of the Court in determin-
ing the penalty to be fixed in this case,”
he said, “the Court requested counsel to
furnish information as to what, if any,
corporation held the stock of the defendant
Standard Oil Company of Indiana, what the
outstanding capital stock of such holding
company was and what its net earnings
and dividends were for the three years
covered by the indictment.

“Thisinformation,which the Court deemed
it to be hia duty to obtain in order that
he might advisedly exercise the discretion
required by law in fixing the punishment,
the defendants’ counsel, after deliberation,
refused to give. The Court, therefore,
caused subponas to be issued requiring
the presence here of the principal officers
of the Standard Oil Company of Indiana
and of the Standard Oil Company of New
Jersey

“Defendant counsel thereupon applied to
the court to recall these subpoenas, repre-
senting that such principal officers were
not in possession of the information sought
by the Court, and suggesting that the sub-

“enas be limited to a certain person who,

t was said, had the informa-
tion, and whose name counsel offered
to give to the Court. In response to
the Court's inquiry, however, as to whether
euch person would testify or refuse to
tinswer should this course be adopted the
statement was made that he might decline
to answer on the advice of counsel. There-
fore, being of the opinion that if there was
to be’such refusal to testify it ought not to
come from some subordinate selected by
the defandant for that purpose, the Court
declined to recall the subpanas  Accord-
ingly. they were duly served.”

After dwelling at great length on the sub-
ject of railroad tarifla, in which he set up a
Gtrong argument to the effect that the oil
trust had been favored with special rates
as againat the full rates charged to competi-
tors, Judge Landis attacked the plea of
the defence as to its method of special
billing. He continued;

“Res ing the defendant's alleged
natural right to make a private contract
for a secret railroad rate, candor. obliges
the Court to say that he knows of nothing
to support the proposition but the eminence
of counsel who advance it.
$B" In such cases, as in all others, it would
fequire two parties, each competent to
contract, and considering the nature of
the thing to be contracted for, the rail-
way common carrier is fundamentally in-
competent. This is so for the reason
that the railroad company is a public func-
tionary and is enabled to construct and
operate a railroad only by its exercise of
the power of eminent domain, which is
a sovereign power of government. Thus,
by.condemnation proceedings, such a cor-
poration may take the property of the in-
dividual citizen, éven his homestead, against
hie wilh and protest.

“The theory upon which government
authorizes this to be cone is that it is neces-
sary for the public welfare, and nothing
can possibly be more plain than that property
thua acquired must be used for the benefit
of the public--not part of the public but
all the public.

“Under the doctrine insisted upon by the
def t the railway company might give
the Standard Oi! Company a very low trans-
port rate and, by contract, obligate
iteelf to withhold the same rate from the
very man the taking of whose property
by condemnation rendered possible the

 

POSTE M.
SOAKED IN COFFEB
intl too Silt io Bend Over.

“When I drank coffee I often had sick
headaches, nervousness and  bilfousness
much of the time, but when I went to visit
a friend 1 got in the habit of drinking |
Postum

“I gave up coffee entirely and the result
has been that I have been entirely relieved
of all my stomach and nervous trouble.

“My mother was just the same way. We
all drink Postum now and, without coffee
in the house for 2 years, we are all well

“A neighbor of mine, a great coffee drinker,
wastroubled with pains in her aide for years
and waa an invalid. She was not able to do
her work and could not even mend clothes
or do anything at all where she would have
to bend forward. If she tried to do a little
hard work she would get such pains that she
would have to lie down for the rest of the |
vay |

“At last | persuaded her to stop drinking
coffee and try Postum Food Coffee, and she
did ao, and has used Postum ever since; the
result has been that she can now do her
work, can sit for a whole day and mend and
can sew on the machine, and she never feels
the lewat bit of pain in her side, in fact, she
bas got well, and it shows coffee was the
canae of the whole trouble

“Leould also tell you about several other
nei hhors who have been cured by quitting
eon 4 and using Postum in its place.” |

 

 

“There's a Reason.” Look in pkg. for the
fAmous little book, “The Road to Wellville.”
a .

a i a

   
 

Seeing Ss
| New York Yacht |

ENCIROLES the ISLAND of MANHATTAN

Leaves Foot of West 22nd St.,
NORTH RIVER, |

10 A.M. and 2:90 P.M, every day and Sunday.
ROUND
$1.00

TRIP
| All points of interest ex-
plained by expert lecturer on
board. |

‘Phone 4044-0 Gramercy, Office Flatiron Bidg.

THE ORIGINAL
| Sight

 

 

 

 

 

Seeing New York |
Automobiles

| start hourly from 0 A.M. to 4 P.M, from the
| Fifth Avs .slde of the Flatiron Oa ahi OMce
|| and waiting room in the Flatiron Bullding,

eware of Imitators.

    
 
      

construction of the road. A more abhorrent
heresy could not be conceived.

“There is no more reason for the claim of
natural right to private contract for the
exercise by a railway company of the
public power with which it is endowed
than there would be for the claim of similar
right to private contract with the collector
of customs or tax assessor for a secret
valuation of property. It is the defend-
ant’s position that the commerce clause
does not empower Congress to forbid and
make criminal the defendant's act in ac-
cepting frcm the carrier a less rate than
that published and filed by the carrier, as

uired by law.”
“i. subsequent hs of the decision
the interstate com-

Judge Landis defi

mercelaw. He aleo granted that the power

of Congress to act in these matters is un-
uestioned. Continuing on the evidence

ponies 5 ies a joint tariff existed, Judge

nc .

“It was insisted by the defendant that the
evidence did not show any common
ment between the Chicago and Alton and the
Chicago Terminal Company for a ocon-
tinuous carriage from Whiting to East St.
Louis, as charged in the indictment. The
evidence did show the filing and ene
of a joint tariff schedule of the Chicago and
Alton and Chicago Terminal Company,

utting in force from Whiting to East St.
uis the 18 cent rate, shown by tariff
No. 24 to be the Chicago-East St. Louis rate.

“Furthermore, these two companies main-
tained a — agency at the intersection of
their roads at Chappell for the transaction of
the business of both at that point, which
consisted largely of the Standard Oil traffic
from Whiting to East St. Louis.

“In addition to this, the evidence shows
the movement of defendant's propery by
the Chicago Terminal Company, t com-
pany not looking to the defen t for its
compensa:ion, but relying — — the
Alton company therefor. The whole course
of business, from the publication and filing
of the joint schedule to the payments of the
freight charges, conclusively shows that
these two companies were operating under
a common arrangement for the transpor-
tation of this property.

“Motive is not material in a case where
the proof is clear that it was the defendant
who committed the grime. Motive may
be inquired into whet necessary to deter-
mine the ultimate fact, when in dispute
as to who committed the crime. The real
question here is whether the defendant
accepted the concession knowingly, and
in determining this it need not be affirma-
tively shown that the defendant had actual
knowledge of the lawful rate. The defend-
ant must be presumed to have known that
which a diligent endeavor made by an honest
man in faith to ascertain the lawful
rate would have disclosed to him.

“The burden of this diligent endeavor
is not to be diminished or increased by
the supposed existence or absence of a
lawful rate on some other road ogee in
amount to the rate accepted by the ipper.
To adopt defendant's conten would be
to impose upon the occasional shipper,
who cannot employ a traffic manager
and who is not expert in traffic matters,
a more rigid requirement than that im-
posed upon the continuous shipper, by
excusing the latter on account of what his
large business might enable him to know o
rates on other roads from penalties which
would be imposed upon the former for the
same act.”

The Court subsequently held that the
shipper must know and not assume what
he has to pay in freight rates. He said
on that subject:

“The Court is not impressed by the dole-
ful predictions of counsel for the defendant
as to the hardships upon the honest shivping
public to be anticipated from the enforce-
ment of thia rule. The honest man who
tenders a commodity for transportation
by a railway company will not be fraudu-
lently misled by that company into allowing
it to haul his property for leas than the
law authorizes it to collect. For the car-
rier thus to deceive the shipper would be
to deliberately incriminate itself, to ita
own pecuniary detriment, which it may
safely be trusted not to do.

“The only man liable to get into trouble
is he who, being in control of the routing of
large volumes of traffic, conceives a scheme
for the evasion of the law and connives
with the railway officers for its execution.”

The defendant is held liable on each of-
fence and the law on that point is quoted.
The plea of the Standard Oil Compan
to limit the penalties to three failed, anc
every other loophole made by the defence
waa closed. ¢

Continuing bis decision Judge Landis
said:

“The proof is silent as to what number
of cars, if more than one, constituted ship-
ments on specific orders, no evidence having
been offered by either party on that point.
Because of this the defendant's counsel
urged the Court-to grant a new trial, the
claim being that eu a showing was a
necessary part of the Govérnment’s case.’’

In the open, of the Court the evidence
fully justified the jury in finding the de-
fendant guilty on of the 1,462 counts.
In concluding the decision and imposing
the maximum fines the Court said:

“One thing remains. It must not be as-
sumed that in this jurisdiction these laws
may be ignored. If they are not obeyed
they will enforced! The plain demands
of fustice require that the facts disclosed
in proceeding be submitted to a Grand
Jury with a view to the consideration of the
eonduct of the other party to these trans-
actions.

“Let an order be entered for a panel of
sixty men, returnable at 10 o'clock on the
morning of August 14. The United States
District Attorney is directed to proceed
accordingly.”

STANDARD OIL'S SIDE.

President Moffett Says the Company ts Not
Even Technicatly Guilty.

In a statement by Jamea A. Moffett,
president of the Standard Oil Company of
Indiana, issued yesterday from 26 Broad-
way, it is asserted that the company is not
even technically guilty of rebating. Presi-
dent Moffett declares that the court would
not permit the company to introduce facts
that would have demonstrated its inno-
cence and asserts that it not did get asquare
deal.

“The court having pronounced its judg-
ment in the case of the United States vs.
the Standard Oil Company of Indiana,”
President Moffett states, “there can now
be no impropriety in atating our position
to the American people. The facts in this
case are simple and easily understood.
The Standard Oil Company of Indiana
was convicted of receiving what the Gov-
ernment claimed was a concession from
the Chicago and Alton in the shipment of
oil from its refinery at Whiting, Ind., to
Fast St. Louis, TM. It must be borne in
mind that there is no question of rebate
or discrimination in this case. The con-
tention of the Government was that the
lawful rate was 18 cents per 100 pounds
between these two points. The defendant
claime first that the lawful rate waa six cents;
apd secondly, if six cents was not the lawful
rate it was the rate issued to the Standard
by the Alton as the lawful rate. and the
Standard was justified in believi-g from
its own invesitgation and from the informa-
tion received from the railroad company
that six cente was the lawful rate. °

“The 18 cents rate was a ‘class’ and not a

4
~

‘commodity’ rate
Chicago and St.
the association inoving the 18 cen
under oath testified that it was never applied
and never intended to apply to oil.

“The period of time covered by the in-
dictment in this case was from September 1,
1908, to March 1, 1905. The rate on oil be-
tween Chicago and East St. Louis over the
Alton for fourteen years, from 1891 to 1905,
was always 6 cents per 100 pounds. This
was an open published rate known to every

| one concerned in the shipment of oil and
enerally known in all railroad circles in,

Eiica ©. Both Chicago and East St. Louis

being in Ilinois the railroad company was

under no legal obligation to file this rate
with the Interstate Commerce Commission
at Washington, but Whiti bel in In-
diana, shipments from Whiting to t St.

Louis were technically, at least, interstate,
and hence the Alton filed with the Interstate
Commerce Commission what is known as
an application sheet, applying to Whiting
the Chicago rate, and deemed the filing
of the application sheet all that was neces-
sary under the law.

“For over pay pense by custom all of
the little indust towns grou about
Chi , and which are in reality an es-
sential part of Chi and go to make
up ite industrial cemneh. have been given
the same freight rates as Chicago. The
reason for this is of course apparent and
it is because of this uniformity of freight
rates that Chicago as the centre of this group
is " a oy, of over 2,000,000 i -
tants. Whiting, Pullman, Hegewisch
and South Chicago did not get the same
oes rates as Chicago manufacturing
establishments in these towns would be com-
pelled to close their doors. Because of this
condition and situation railroads created
what is known as the Chicago eee
District, which includes Whit! and
of these other little manufacturing towns
in and around Chicago. These towns are
further unified by a belt line railroad which

encircles Chicago and connects thie entire
yy with the trunk lines radiat-
rom “4

f the Stan is guilty in this case,
says President Moffett, so is practically
every other elope in that manufacturing
territory. The dard wanted to show
that the Chicago and Eastern Illinois Rail-
road had a lawful published rate of six
centa a hundred between Whiting and
East St. Louis and that the Standard shipped
about one-third ite oil, or 2,000 cars, over
the Chicago and Eastern Illinois, so that’
it couldn't bly have had a motive
to violate the law by shipping over the
Alton. The court, says President Moffett,
wouldn’t allow such evidence to be intro-
duced. It was desired, aleo, he states,
to show that packing house products,
between the same points and for the same
time, were carried under a commodity
rate—linseed oil, for instance, at eight cents
a hundred—but the Government barred
such testimony.

“Under such circumstances,” the etate-
ment continues, “and in view of the fact
that petroleum had been openly carried
over the three roads from Whiting to East
St. Louis for from ten to fourteen years
for six cents, what a draft it is on human

credulity for the = to assert
M the only possible legal

that 18 cents was

rate. * * * We insist that the facta,
many of which the court did not permit
us to show, not alone demonstrate inno-
cence, but inherently forbid the idea of
guilt.

“We further insist that whatever may
be one’s technical view of the law relating
to the above questions every equitable
consideration is with the defendant, and
if the only desire was to give this defendant
a square deal this prosecution would never
have been instituted. b

“The American public not only believes
in fair play in the abstract, but with all
the facts before it it has the capacity to
determine whether a defendant, rich or

. has received a-square deal.

“For all these reasons the Standard Oil
Company asserts that it is not even tech-
wioally ¢ guilty and that it

been prosecuted because of the claimed
failure of a railroad company—which has

ht never have

neither been indicted nor

prosecuted—
to file ite tariff, and that the prosecution o
this defendant under the ciroumstances
of this case is a prostitution of the spirit
and the high purposes of the interstate
commerce act.”

 

ROGERS HAS NOTHING TO SAY.

Ne Other Answer te Queries About Stand-
ard Oil Decision.

FaIRaAVEN, Mass., Aug. 3.- Efforta to
obtain some statement from H. H. Rogers,
vice-president of the Standard Oil Com-
pany, who is at hie summer home here, in
regard to the decision of Judge Landis,
were made to-night without the least satis-
faction.

“I have nothing to say,” was the only
answer Mr. Rogers made to queries.

 

 

 

MORE REBATING INDICTMENTS.

 

Lehigh Valley R. BR. and the New York,
Chicage and St. Louls Are Presented.
CurcaGco, Aug. 3.~—Indictments were re-

turned to-day against A. Booth & Co., the

New York, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad

Company and the Lehigh Valley Railroad

Company charging them with violating

provision 1 of the Elkins law prohibiting

rebating. The indictments were returned
by the Federal Grand Jury before Judge

Landis, after he had irnposed sentence upon

the Standard Oil Company.

Three indictments werereturned. That
against A. Booth & Co. contains seventy-
five counts. The indictment against the
New York, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad
Company contains fifty-one counts, and the
third, a joint indictment against the New
York, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad Com-

y and the Lehigh Valley Company,
contains fifty-four counts., The act of

February 19, 1003, under which the cor-

porations are indicted, provides for a fine

of from $1,000 to $20,000 for each offence.

The Government charges that Booth &
Co. organized the Overland Refrigerator
Express Company, through which it received
pretended commissions on business turned
over to the railroad companies, which
amounted to rebates ranging from 8 to 124%

cent. of the regular freight charges. It

3 understood that it was shown to the

Grand omy that the Overland Refrigerator

Express Company was organized by A.

Booth & Co. and was acuta y ovens by it

alhtough the stock was held in the name of

a third party, and that at different times

Booth & Co. had made statements to the

effect that the business of the Overland

Refrigerator Express Company was really

its business.

The Grand Jury investigation which re-
sulted in the returning of the indictments
was limited to investigation of citeges vio-
lations of the rebate law by the different
corporations indicted. No investigation
was made by the Grand Jury of violations
of the anti-trust law by any of the concerns
named in the indictments, it is declared.

FINED IN INDIANAPOLIS,

Standard Oil's Manager and Driver Plead
Guilty to Giving Short Measure.
INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 3.—Notwithstanding
the Standard Oi] Company yesterday filed
suit to enjoin this city from enforcing the
ordinance requiring inspection of measuring
vessels in which it delivers oils, Rudolph
Beaumont and Eli Abbott, local manager
ayd dr'ver respectively of one of its
wagons, pleaded guilty to-day to giving
short measure and consented to pay fines.
Both men had been fined in the police
court and had taken appeals to the Criminal
Court, where the cases were set for trial

 

eee eee

on Monday. This afternoon appeared
by attorney, withdrew their of not

| guilty and pleaded guilty to the charges.
» bond had transferred to

the custody ot the Circuit Court when they
| appealed, and ii ‘vas returned minus the
| amount of the fines and costs.
| The company’s wagons were followed
| several days ago by an inapector and when
| he measured the oil left at several resi-
| dences and found it short the driver was
arrested. When er Beaumont went
to the palice station to bail the driver out
he was placed under arrest on the same
charge .

| Their
'

ee ena

|

—— ee ———— ——————— eee oe eee i aL LLL LLL

 

BROADWAY HUNG WITH FESTOONS
OF INCANDESCENT LIGHTS,

 

Jowel Show and Dress Parade On in the
Great Hotel Ballrooms—The Village
Awaiting the Arrival ef Cavanagh's
Special and the Beginning of the Races.

Sarnatooa, Aug. 3.—Saratoga to-night is
“sitting up for company.” This being a
summer resort is pretty strenuous business.
Here in this beautiful village in the foothills
of the Adirondacks there js probably in-
vested in hotels, in mineral springs, in other
pleasure gratifying and health giving para-
phernalia, as well as in trade, not far from
$10,000,000. The dividends on the capital
inv must be earned in just about one
month or not at all. If one doesn’t think
it is rather nerve wearing to be a summer
resort let him try to earn dividends out of
one

Yet Saratoga is no different from any other
of the many famous summer resorts of the
country. It’s a get rich quick game or a
get poor quick game sure enough. But
in apite of the situation which they are up
against here the proprietors of all of the
big hotels seem to be fairly well pleased
with themselves and the world. The aver-
age summer innkeeper is very much like
the average proprietor of a successful
gambling house. No matter how much
the house may be ahead of the game the
stereotyped reply regarding the business is:

“Only fair; not anything like what it
ought to be.”

Notwithstanding this perennially beau-
tiful peasimism the facts appear to be that
Saratoga is a good bit further ahead of
the game this year than she was at the
same timea yearago. Broadway to-night,
its spanning elm arches hung from end
to end with fanciful festoons of thousands
of incandescent lamps, is thronged with
happy, careless midsummer pleasure
seekers, and a jewel show and dress parade
is on in the great hotel ballrooms, through
whose windows floats the music of the two-
step and the waltz.

The village reminds one of a débutante
the night before her presentation dance.
It is fidgeting and fussing and worrying
about the great event of the morrow. To-
morrow night Col. John G. Cavanagh,
Ambassador Extraordinary and’ Minister
P'enipotentiary from the Jockey Club to
the Metropolitan Turf Association, or what
is left of that illustrious organization, will
arrive here in sections of the Cavanagh
special and when the Cavanagh cohorts
have detrained Saratoga will get a pretty
definite notion of what sort of a coming out
party she is to have on Monday when the
races begin.

Word came from Cavanagh at Brighton
Beach to-day that the special would be the
largest he has brought to Saratoga, but the
message aleo contained the statement that
because of the greater number of turfmen
and turf followers it would not be necessary
for the local authorities to call out either the
fire department or the militia.

Everybody seems to be mentale, specu-
lating on the effect the meeting at Yonkers
will ve on the Saratoga meeting. It

isn’t known in these what ata! are
ing to race at the pire City track, but
e stables of the following owners are at

Horse Haven:

August Belmont, John Sanford, H. P.
Whitney, F. R. Hitchcock, H. Knapp, J. E.
Madden, T. Hitchcock, Jr., Matt

George J. Long. Charles Littlefield, J. J.
Hyland, Paul J. Raineg, Oo. W. Peppeler.
M L. Hayman, Bonney Brook Stable, James
Bowdin, Frank Brown, J. E. Seagram, R.
Nevelle. T. J. Healy, E. H Hanna, W. C.

es, Barney Sc Smith,
HB. Skile, E. A. Forsyth, ‘J.
keland

La y

Clay, J. W. Hay, Kirkfield Stable, F. T.
Miller, FA. Ambrose Clark, H. McDowell.
James Fitzsimmons, W. B. Jennings J. E.
Widener, Brownleigh Peck Stable, . Peters,
J. H. MeAvoy, M. Hearst, George Hill,
Henry Harris, New Castle Stable, George
E. Johnson, N. L. Shultz, Frank Farrell,
Burlew & O'Neil, C. E, Durnell, A. J. Joyner,
E. R. Bradiey, Herman B. Duryea, J. W.
Colt, J. O. Keene, J. Miles, Ch Staine,
Beacon Stable, W.M. Wallace, R. P. Carman,
J. C. Ferris, Pierre Lorillard, H. Flippin,
James R, Keene, C. Hughes, H. C. Lyles,
John Markline, Ha {Bites ‘A. L. Hammil,
E. W. Mitchell, J. 8. Ward and P. H. McCar-

ren.

The stables of T. C. McDowell, C. H.
Smith, P. H. Sullivan, T. D. Sullivan, H.
Graham and Howard Oots will arrive late
to-night. The only owner who has can-
celled his order for stable room because
of the Yonkers weting © R. F. Watkins.
It was said that W. F. Schulte had decided
to race at the Empire City track, but Secre-
tary Earlucker said this evening oe =

Schulte’s stable was ex he
morning. From_ this show it would
soem that all of the best s es in the

Kast would race at the Springs instead
of at Yonkers.
Robert A. Pinkerton, chief of the eastern
division of the Pinkerton agency, will sail
for Europe on Thursday, with Florie Sul-
livan. iiam A. Pinkerton, chief of the
Western division, will have the ral
supervision of the police and detective ar-
rangements at the track. Tur SUN cor-
ndent asked Mr. Pinkerton at Congress
Hall to-night why it was that hie agency
had deolined to police the Empire City
track. Mr. Pinkerton said:
“The reason is extremely simple. Unless
we can do any piece of work well we do not
care to do it at all, With all of the other
work we have it-was absolutely impos-
sible for us, on the short notice we , to
take on the work at the Empire City track
and do it aa we would be ex to do it.
It would take between seventy and eighty
men, those men, or the maser of
them, would have to be broken in. With
my brother out of the country I did not
care to undertake the job. I have more
work to do now than I can well take care of.”
- oing nok cae tar We tee
was n for ith,
and the ve gophied:
“Not much. I am glad ay that my
brother's health is now first rate. He is

going over to take charge of Sullivan. You
now Florie is one of the swell toe dancers
of the East Side. The latter of the

month the annual contest for interna-
tional toe dancers’ cup will take place in

Paris.

Florrie entered for the contest some time
ago, but after the theft of the Ascot gold
oup, feeling cock sure that he would win the
toe dancers’ cup, he wanted to make sure

that he would have it when he got home.
So the Pugease Sullivan a pen o
gaged the erton send a speci.
guard over with Florite.

“We have had no ant, important com-
mission in years, and ia of the
Eastern and Western divisions held a con-
sultation. After the matter was carefully
considered it was decided that the agency
could take no chances with such an im-
portant job, so it was voted that my brother
should act as the al .

“Even if Mark Twain were in Europe
I'll bet a hundred dollars to a franc that
Sullivan brings the cup home with him.
You must remember that the special! repre-
sentative of our agency must not only
see that the cup comes back but he must
also see that Florrie gets it. I have never
yet known my brother to fail to carry off
anything in sight that is worth while ”

ODD SUIT FOR DIVORCE.

Capt. Bush's Wife Says He's Too Fond of a
Quiet Life for Her.

San FrRanorsc?, Aug. 3.-—The wife of
Capt. Ross L. Bush, U. 8, A., now stationed
at Alcatraz Island, in San Francisco Bay,
has begun suit for divorce at Winnemuoca,
Nev., where she has established a resi-

dence.
She charges that her husband allowed

himeelf no recreation except reading the
of many

 

ex ng
ible and that every night he insisted upon
listening to the
of the sacred book, She loves society and
dislikes so quiet a life. Her allegation is
of mental cruelty.

.
————— eS ———————————_— eee eT NL OOO ee

 

tagcat | SARATOGA OPEN FOR BUSINESS | ”""_7™4™*=

for It Mrs. Koenig Wouldn't Be On Her |

)

 

Way to Germany Now.

New Rocaxe..e, Aug. 3.—That Mrs. Mary
Koenig, the manager of a private sanitar-
ium, ie on her way to Germany to-day is
due to the fact that a mosquito kept her
awake last night.

Mrs. Koenig bought her ticket and put it
away with $400 in cash under her pillow
when she retired. She was just dozing off
when she heard a mosquito singing around
her bed. |

She was lying awake to swat it with her
hand when she saw a man atea) into the
room, The visitor went to her bed and was
about to reach under the pillow when she
gave a loud scream. which frightened him
eo that he ran away.

Mrs. Koenig telephoned his description
to the police and later he was arrested by
Roundsman Deveaugh when he was about
to board a car for Manhattan. He proved
to be Hans Rupli, a former employee at the
sanitarium.

TOOK A DRINK ON A TRAIN

And Got Arrested for It in Texas, Whore
the Law Reads That Way.

Dauxas, Tex., Aug. 3.--George Brush, a
traveller from Kentucky, was a passenger
on an International and Great Northern
train entering Palestine last night. He
pulled a flask“Trom his and was
sampling a brand of whiskey when he
felt a touch on his shoulder and heard the
words “Consider vourself under arrest.”

There is a new law in ‘lexas, prohibiting
drinking on trains. The prisoner was
turned over to Sheriff Black and locked up
in the county jail. This is the first arrest
made in the State, under the new law.
Brush paid a $10 fine to-day.

TWO RESCUES AT A FIRE.

 

 

 

Low Pressure, Bursting Hose, Three Alarms
and Police Mixap Make Confusion.

The big four story apartment house
at Greene and Marcy avenues, Brooklyn,
was nearly destroyed by fire at 10 o'clock

yesterday morning. The fire originated from
an unknown cause between the roof and
ceiling and had gained considerable head-
way before a tenant discovered it

Patrolman George J. Dunbar of the
Gates avenue station, who was on duty in
Tompkins Park, diagonally across the way
from the scene, sent in an alarm and then
ran through the house notifying the ten-
ante. He found Charles Warwick, %
years old, on the third floor. Mr. Warwick,
who is an invalid, was picked up and car-
ried to the street. Then Mr. Warwick's
married daughter fainted and had to be
carried out.

After the alarm was sent in only one en-
e . exouse being that
the engines that ordinarily would respond
to the alarm were at other fires. re
was a low pressure in the water mains,
and then to add to the trouble no less than
five lengths of hose burst. The result
was that three alarms were sent in.

Dopey Chief Duffy had charge of the
fire ting. Reserves were sent to the
scene from various police stations and in
the general mixup the reserves from Adams
street arrived at the fire about the time
the firemen were leaving the burned build-,
ing. They were told they could return
to their station.

he damage to the building is estimated
at $25,000 and the tenants estimate their
combined losses at $10,000.

KILLED BY TRAIN AT BAYONNE,

John Deery Strack While Climbing Over a
Fence Between Stations.

Baronne, N. J., Aug. 3.—John Deery
of 491 Broadway, this place, a hotel pro-
prietor, was instantly killed here this morn-
ing by a westbound Royal Blue flyer.

Deery was bound for Elizabeth and
reached the East Twenty-second street
station, but as there is no ticket office on
the westbound ‘side of that station he
had to cross to the other side. Between
the eastbound and westbound tracks
there is a fence to prevent passengers
crossing there. There is no gate in the
fence and passengers have to walk about

a block down the track to the end
of the fence and up the other side to the
ticket office and then walk back again the
same way, if they want to buy a ticket
for a westbound train.

Deery jumped the fence between the
tracks, and after purchasing his ticket
started back. He saw the Royal Blue flyer
coming down the westbound track and
thinking it was his own train started to
climb fence again. The train: was
running close to the fence and while Derry
was on top of it just about to jump to the
ground the flyer struck him and hurled
him about one hundred feet.

Roth platforms were well filled with
people at the time and several shouted
a warning to Deery as be started to climb
the fence the second time, but apparently
he did not understand them.

Deery was one of the best known Irish-
men in the State. He was 40 years old and
unmarried.

 

 

 

GIRLS SAW THIEVES AT WORK

And Drug Store Seda Counter Man Is Ar-
rested as a Result,

Augusta Viffires and Hattie Rich went to
Schlessinger'’s drug store at Third avenue
and Tenth street last night and told the
manager that shortly after midnight Fri-
day they saw two young men lift up a grat-
ing on the sidewalk and climb down into
the basement. They told several ing
men of what they seen, but oko mes
one - of the drug store i

© manager e was in-
terested because his place had been robbed.
There had been taken, he said, $185 in cash
and negotiable checks for $65. © thieves
knew just where a little secret cash box
was kept. The two women gaid that they
had got a good look at the two young meb
and that SSonjamin Maniloff, the soda
counter man, was one. Maniloff was ar-
reated and at the night court he was held
in $1,000 bail for examination.

 

 

JUMP WHEN CURRENT GROENDS.,

Three Women on an Eighth Avenue Car
Hurt Themselves.

A short circuit on a southbound surface
car at Central Park West and Seventy-
sixth street last night acared the passengers
and three women jumped off and were hurt,
one of them seriously. She is Mrs. Henry
Hartmann of $26 West Twenty-ninth street.
Her head struck the curbing and her skull
was fractured.

Martha Johnson and Susan Parker, negro
women, jumped. One got a scalp
wound and the other a contused knee.
Charles Baker, the motorman, was slightly
burned about the hands and face, and in
jumping barked his knees and hands. He
took charge of his car again when every-
thing was all right.

The grounding flash lasted less than a
minute, but was of sufficient brilliancy to

ive the passengers a great scare. All the
foe on the car blew out. The line was
blocked about twenty-five minutes.

 

ACCUSES ELEVATOR Boy.

Girt Says Negro Kept Her in the Car Until

' She Screamed. |

Lester Doteaon, a negro elevator boy {
in an apartment house at 478 Central Park
West, was taken last night to thenight
court vharged with having attempted to
assault eight-year-old Erma Girola, who
lives at 471 Central Park West. The little
gr says she entered the elevator and “~-
boy kept her there while he ran the

 

car up and down se times. The girl
screamed and the ne; let her out at the
te Kernochan held

negro in $1,000 for examination.

'
+

p-

ind floor

 

 
     
     
   
   
   
   
   

A Startling Prophecy

But One That Is Based on Solid Facis

HE New York Jndependent states editorially :
“The musical instrument generally known by
the name of the Pianola has been recognized

by the lay and professional mind alike as a serious and
permanent musical instrument. . . . It seems to
be probable that in a few years no piano will be made
without the roll mechanism as an adjunct.”

The reference here is to {

The Pianola Piano

)
HE time has passed to speculate upon the future
of the Pianola Piano. It is here to-day as
_ the most successful innovation tn mustcal tnstru-
ments of modern times.
There ts nothing doubtful about its standing, for in thou-
sands of homes it has supplanted the old-style piano and its
popularity has extended all ever the world, even into countries
where no other American piano is heard of. Abroad, it has
Big Tomate Crep in Senienene,

Cuicaao, Aug. 3.—Officials of the Amer
can Can Company have information to the
effect that the Delaware tomato crop will
capeed a value of $3,000,000 this year. ‘I hie

been purchased by Royalty, and in this country by eminent
persons whose names are household words.

The musical trade is fully posted on the great and growing
demand for the Pianola Piawo, and all sorts of imitations and
substitutes are now offered. Remember, then, that it is the
Pianola Piano that has created the present revolution in the
piano industry, and that no énstrument is a genuine Pianola Piano

unless tt is made by the Aeolian Company.
There are four pisam and only four pianos, that are
made as Pianola Pianos—the Weber, the Steck, the
Wheelock, and the Stuyvesant. Each of these is a
standard in its class, each represents the highest order
of musical value obtainable at anything like its price.

The AEOLIAN CO.

Aeolian Hall, 362 6th Ave,
mear 34th St., New York.

 

 

 

 

GREAT DAY OF HOMECOMERS

CABINS OF FIVE LINERS TIRE OUT

 

. ; . of cans in that section has {already
THE CUSTOMS OFFICERS. been large, mactonting that the pack will be
am the largest on record.

 

won.

 

Kalserin Auguste Vict oria Bears Scarcely a ww,
Mark of the Ville de Dijon’s Bewsprit,
Which Woke One Side of the Big Ship

shorn geo | EUROPE CLAIMS ITS OWN

The Hamburg-American liner Kaiseirn .
gamete Gaal, ten coe ae Dr. Peter Hoffman Sails for Ger
many---Lived fer Years in

scratches as the result of her encounter at
the beginning of her voyage with the French America, Where ie
Gained His Fame.

bark Ville de Dijon, related by cable last

week, got into Quarantine yesterday after-

noon with the largest aggregation of pas-

sengers in cabin and steerage that has NEW YORK, August 4, 1907,—Dr. Peter Hof

entered port since the beginning of the man, the “grand old man” of medicine, bas set

season. Her whole ship's company con- sail for Germany, the land of his birth, where
he will spend his closing years. His successes
were all earned tm this country, where he bas
lived for the past fifty years.

sisted of 3,034 persons, including 551 saloon,
200 second cabin, 223 third cabin and 1,322
Dr. Hoffman ts a great believer in simplicity,
and his cry has constantly been for Simple

steerage ngers.
It was neam midnight before an unusually

—. hy , under = Bishop. |} wedication. Me to the discoverer of the new
, a y on — ; F og eh je geet remedy whieh, although consisting of only three
ol e % rong. ol. op oug staple drugs, obtainable at any drug store, Is
the cabin arrivals for the day had broken considered an almost infallible cure for all
records, but he could not say for certain. forms of Catarrh of the Stomach and Dyspepsia.
His men, who had passed six ships, in- The ingredients of this prescription are 1 ounce
cluding the Baltic, the Campania, La Lor- of Bicarbonate of Soda, }4 ounce sealed package
raine and the Graf Waldersee, were played of genuine Bislac aad an ounce of Burnt Mag
out. Altogether more tl 2.700 cabin nesia, and these should be mixed on a sheet of
agers had ‘ehen the paper and taken, @ half teaspoonful at a ume.
passe been landed half an bour after meals and at bedti ii
lonesome last one left the pier of the Kuiserin a half glass of hot water. es
It is important not to accept any substitute

Auguste Victoria.
for “Bislac,” which must be delivered to ; ou
(

 

 

PRN RRA PARI ete

« UAAAAARAAAAANUAIANA,A mn nen

The pier is one of the longest, widest
and solidest in the world, but it was pretty in ortginal sealed package.
well taxed by the invasion from the floating sealndaieiadciaial
city and the baggage of its citizens. There
was much hubub but no confusion and the
841 cabin passengers with 3,000 or more
of baggage all got awav without

PPP remESmpPETsmryrmemses AID

 

The Little Things

In Furniture

Often signify much in the wa
of convenience—and in ef- |
fectiveness.
Whether you have some odd
little piece to buy. a particu:
lar room to fit out or a great

 

 

pieces
mishap

Naturally the talk of the ship was the
collision with the French bark. Folke
aboard the Kaiserin did not know the name
of the bark-which was supposed
Rueer and his officers to have
schooner—until a wireless from Assistant
peneees Manager Meyer of thia city told
them.

Only about 150 passengers were awakened

by Capt.
been a

by the bark when she amashed her jibboom

ead bowaprit to splinters on the and | residence to furnish you are

tough steel plates of the liner on the star | here certain of Furniture that

board side aft. These happened to be sleep- ; endures and of service that 94 Han’.
ing near the place where the jibboom hit | is genuinely helpful. :

and where later the yardarm ends of the
bark scraped. be

rooms in night clot
midnight—and were much

came out of their
ee—it was just after
disturbed.

Schmitt Brothers,

On
the port side of the ship, wider than the

ordinary street, rs slept, serenely | ,umiture Makers.
tn us i wae mot 7 x fast Estabilshed 1638, 40 East 23d
e, W e pol je aw senti-
ments with the starboard, that all the shi MARR .
ship had ‘hit them. Su RIED

new a sailing
is the bigness of a modern liner.

Kaiserin was four hours out of Cher-
bourg in Cimmerian fog, going slow—ac-
tually feeling her wa: Sahen ‘the impact
came. The of the bark was heard
indistinct! the liner came almost to

sande 1. Z
he was one of the first on deck. a

He con-
fessed his inability to draw.sailing vessels
out of fogs away from the paths of liners.
He said also that he had been wrecked
once—in the Bay of Biscay and had been
nervous ever since. e@ scare was over
cone as tte tae te at
gropin r the » but
couldn't find her. an Be
me passengers by the in were
Robert ba , the actor, who says it is
come that ae . going to merey
who was a fellow passenger; ust Shoan,
Chancellor to the King of Seeden, here
to pave the way for the visit of Prince Will-
iam of Sweden; Mr. and Mrs. Claus 8 -
els, Dr. a Pitcairn, American -
General at Hamburg; Dr. of the

Count

DAVIS—BURKE.—On Saturday, Aug. 3, at th
Church of St. Gerard, Hollis, L. 1, by the
Rev. John S. Gresser, pastor, James J. Davis
of Brooklyn to Emily J. Burke of Summit, N. J.

DIED.

JUDD.—At the residegce of ber son, in Springfield
Mass, on August 2, Harriet Stewart Jud’
widow of Orange Judd.

Interment will be in Flushing Cemetery at | °
o'clock Sunday afternoon, August4 Funers
services will be held at the grave.

MACKENZIE.—At Glen Stey, Sullivan coun’)
N. Y., James Stone Mackenzie, busban’ »'
Lottie Rouse, in his 66th year.

Funeral services at Glen Stey Tuesday, Aug. '
ati@P.M.

NORRIS.—At the home of her aiece, Saturday
noon, Aug. 3, Mrs. Esther Fearey Norris, \o
her 724 year.

Service at 116 Broad st., Newark, N. J,, om Tues
day morning, Aug. 6, 11 o'clock. Inmtermer
Fairmount Cemetery.

 

German rtment of Justice;
von Lynar of the German Embassy at Wash
ington, J. C. Van Cleaf of the Na’ Park
Bank, Maurice Untermyer, Charles May
Oelrichs, Dr. and Mrs, Calvin Thayer Adama,
Percy “G, Williame, ‘Walter Chankes ae"
ere , ms, ter er, Jr.,
and kh. C. Norfleet.
Maurice Untermyer has been at Carlsbad
taking the waters. He said he met there

UNDERTAKERS.

‘MERRITT
Be Net Deceived

H THE TELEPHONE BOOK.
LMING
OOL.

im Merritt

ARE NOT AN
The $

about two weeks ago M J. O'Brien, Company
James A. O'Gorman, John F. Carroll, HAS ONLY ONE PLACE
uel Untermyer, John B. McDonald sna th 19th St,

Judge Newburger and that they formed
the Pictie ‘Tammany Hall Society of Carils-
bad. All hands were taking the waters—
on the side. Mr. Untermyer says that
prices at Carlsbad are preposterous and

sca,
maeeneye Pe
Vice-President and Manager.

 

that the new Tammany or zation is

goil to get tp « atock dom y and build MERRITT

a hotel there exclusively for Americans. ey a gy
Ses eg er eee Chapels, Ambulance service. Tel ime oneloce

Died on Elevated Platform.

J. Arthur Haring of 152 West 141st street,
a collector for the New York Telephone

CEMETERIES.
BEAUTIFUL CEDAR GR

one

VE CEMETER'.

Company, was taken ill yesterday afternoon | 5 nites trom Hee ere tren dive, Bestty. © Fe
while riding in an uptown Ninth avenue from. a te of Urentes Wew Yow 17
elevated train. Hoe was carried to the ata- | t . PLOTS and = upwa: Visit tir

book a 'CRDAR ROVE CEMETEN
Ave., New York City. ;

tele Mustrat

1 Madiso:

tion at Houston street a
minutes later.

md died a few

cs