‘4

SECOND SECTION.

NEWEST IN RECRBATIONS

KOILDING CLIMBERS FORM A
CLUB TO FOLLOW THE sroRT,

ontdoor Badminton an Invention in India
-iame Should Be Taken Up by Coun
try @lube and for Lawn Parties —Five
Play on Kach Side—In Largest Courts.

4 club has been formed among some
New York amateur climbers of buildings,
sieeples and precipitous heights to carry

! in concert their hazardous sport that

ia hitherto been followed alone or in

suples. It is mountain climbing in minia-
ore and may be followed wherever access
may be gained to a building or stack of
cbimneys where the holds are practicable
for an ascent and descent. The coming
jown is as daring in risks as the ascent,
yaually, and affords the best sport. Man-
hattan'’s skyscrapers, it is thought, will
afford opportunity for many thrilling
limba. Should young men be noted soon
climbing in fly fashion to the summits of
the tall buildings they will be recognized
as members of the new club.

A club in London is the model of the club
here. In that great metropolis the extreme
griminess of the holds on buildings is an
neonvenience to counterbalance the at-
tractions of the sport, and whenever possible

he London club holds its meetings in the
epen country. Ropes and grappling irons,
ife lines, climbing laddera and climbing
rons fastened to the feet are the chief
‘ools of the sportsmen, the outfit being not
inlike the building sealing appliances of
our fire fighters. The New York club,
should it follow the example of the British
one and seek the country, may find some
riaky climbs along the Palisades of the
Hudson.

Yet one of the most successful recent
excursions of the London club was to burrow
into the earth and not to climb aloft. This
was an exploration of the Derie Holes,
situated near Bexley on an estuary of the
Thames a little below London, Dene Holes
are believed to be the work of the ancient
Britons and to be 2,000 years old or so.
The holes are found in clusters of fifty or
sixty and suggest the idea of a community
It has been suggested that the Britons
dug them to escape from the Romans. At
all events they are carefully constructed
and may have served as strongholds as
well as places of refuge during piratical
forays along the coast in ancient times.

Each hole is a circular shaft about 4
feet 6 inches in diameter and from 40 to 120
feet deep. The shafts are sunk through
Thanet sand until they reach the chalk,
where they end in two or more low rooms.
Those visited were in Stankey's woods,
Bexley, which is literally honeyoombed
with the shafts, and as they were con-
cealed by bushes of ash, elder and hazel,
the explorers had to proceed with caution
to avoid a too hasty descent. There are
similiar holes near Gravesend.

The clubmen are mostly large and lusty
men and they had a day at Fexley that
taxed all their powers. In each shaft,
down either side and facing each other, ia a
row of large footholds at convenient <is-
tances apart, like the rungs of a ladder,
and the theory was that the members could
easily ascend and descend by grappling
the cavities with hands and feet. In prac-
tioe the clubmen found the sand too soft
and loose for the first ten or fifteen feet for
this sort of climbing and as a substitute
they had to be lowered down on the life
lines. This was easy enough going down,
although in many of the holes the sides of
the shafts had vanished and the feeling
was as though being dropped into a dark
pit. The pulling up could only be done
by the five or six on top forming into a tug-
of-war team to haul out their brothers one
at a time.

“They tied on their heaviest man first,”
writes one of the above ground clubmen,
“which was foolish. Still, with a prodigious
effort, we did get him up a few feet and
then he stuck, or our strength failed; any-
how we could not budge him and down he
iad to go again. I above and they below
had both learned something. I, that the
suspended weight of a man cut the rope
leep into the soil around the shaft's mouth,
(he groove forming about the most useless
sort of pulley I have met; they, that the
said grooving dislodged cataracts of sand
ind pebbles which fell vertically. Now,
the joy of heing hauled out of a chamber is
‘hat you are right in the line of fire. If
vou stoop your heed the sand fills up the
ack of your neck; if you look up your face
gets peppered. e last man, although
ur team now had been recruited, we could
hot get up at all. When at length he did
irrive at the pit’s mouth we discovered the
reason. He had caught his head againet
‘he roof of the chamber close to the entrance

f the shaft and we had been doing our best
'o pull his head off or break his neck. He
was not hurt much, however, and was at it
again at the next hole.”

One of the pleasures of amateur climb-
ing or burrowing is the contemplation of
the other members in the difficulties that
vou have successfully overcome. This is
a side delight in many other pastimes—in-
deed, in nearly all of them—and the one
who best overcomes the task is the best
fellow. There are no Dene Hole descents
for the New York clubmen, but their op-
portunity to mount aloft is unexcelled.
Asa preliminary to test the nerves it is sug-
gested that the members take turns in being
hoisted, while riding ite blocks or iron
xirders, to the tops of high buildings now
under construction.

Badminton is the modern form of shut-
tlecock and besides the tournaments of the
New York Badminton Club it is an estab-
lished winter indoor game in many of the
largo olties. In Eng there are bad-
mintom courts in many of the clubs and
eountry houses. In India ball
ia played in large outdoor courts. Col.
k. *. Beddome of the Indian Army believes
that this game should become a po
simmer pastime in Great Britain the
United States. Ina late Field Col, Beddome
x: ves a description of the from which
this Summary is s

“The correct size of an outdoor badminton
court is eighty feet by forty feet, but for
obvious reasons it is more ed
‘n a full sized lawn tennis is
only alittleamaler. A line down the centre
of the ground divides it into right and left
courte, and a cross line is two yards

mn the net on each side as a servi

vase over which the ball must be
e server is out. The net is five feet nine
ichea (against five feet for the shuttlecock
came), but six feet is so es played,
‘Le result, being longer rallies, but this latter
height is not favored by good players.

“there are five players on each side.
the right and left fronts stand about two
vacda peyone the serving crease and have
not much moving about, but they have
' be on the look out for all short or sneaking
eervices as well as for cute down from their
front opponents or low driving from the
back players opposed to them. The front
centre stands about three yards or rather
more beyond the crease and has a great
‘(eal of the play; this post is therefore gen-
erally taken by the best player. The right
‘and left backs have a good deal of running
spout bus should be weilf able to cover

le of their

toot by i Tart are wool paseo back
é

¢ bl f bare

 

NEW

ti |

ee

sut with courte of lawn tennis size
ack players are rather apt to get in one
| another's way.
| “The game is 20 up. The first service
of each player is from the ht court into
the opponent's right court, then from the
left into the left, each player going in in
j turn, While serving the right and left
fronts can change places for the time being
with the front centre, but if they are indiffer-
ent players and the front centre good it is
| more usual for the change to be between
themselves only; the b players should
change places for the alternate serves.
The service has to be underhand. Expert
back players can indulge in a good deal
of hard hitting without ever hitting out of
bounds, very high service to the back
of the court, and low, sharp serves or re-
turns just over the pet aimed at the front
players. In India some players had a very
effective screw service to the back of the
court, but these serves do not puzzle an
! expert.”
| Lawn tennis racquets are used by the
men, but the women prefer badminton
bats. With good players the ball is rarely
missed at the back of the court and seldom
killed from that quarter. When a front
player, gets a fairly high ball he tries to
cut it down for a kil, but with expert players
| these cuts are very often returned as easily
as they are in the shuttlecock game. Long
rallies are frequent and marked by fine
cutting by the front players. Lawn tennis
and shuttlecock players soon become ex-
perts, but they are apt at first to hitoutof
bounds.

The women players make the balls used
in India, a requisite being that they should
not only fly easily to the end of the court,
but be easily hit out. They make the balls
on two round cards cut to the size of a
sherry glass, with a circular hole in the
middle the size of a sixpence. Berlin wool

players are sometimes put in (i. ¢., six aside),
t

 

 

is then wound round and round until it can
no longer pass through the centre hole;
the wool is then eut all round and a long

3 of whipeord inserted between the
cards. This is drawn very tight and doubly
knotted, wound round again several times
and knotted again several times. This
gives weight to the centre of the ball, which
has then to be clipped with a sharp acissors
to a circumferance of 6% inches. Ordinary
badminton balls will not do, as they will
not flv to the end of the court

“With ten good players ball badminton
is really a splendid game and very excitin
to watch,” to again quote the Colonel,
“The difficulty is to get together ten good
players, the chief drawback being that a
| duffer or two on either side spoil the game.
It would be a aplendid game for all out door
clube and for large garden parties, as each
game only laste about twenty minutes
| often less—and takes in 80 many players.
| It may be mentioned that any attempt fto
| play in a full sized or even lawn tennis sized
court without a front centre resulta in a
failure. There must be three front players.
| A game of four a side can, however, be
played in a narrower court, and in a still
smaller court games of two a side (one
front and one back) or even singles can be
plaved, in these smaller courta great
skill and practice are required to keep the
ball within limits, tyros always hitting out.
Badminton teams have to practise a little
together before they really excel. This is,
however, only the question of a few games.
The game may be classed as an easy one
and soon learned. Elderly people who are
not active enough to attempt lawn tennis

 

fronta.”

In the dearth of pastimes at the count
clubs as a change from golf and lawn tennis
there may be a place for ball badminton in
this country. If it is introduced there will
soon be no lack of good players, men and
women. Aside from India, it is now only
played on the lawns of a few old Indians
who have returned to England.

 

JAPAN IS MARCHING ON.

Another Witness to the Strides She Has
Been Taking.

Certain symptoms of innovation struck
forcibly upon my imagination as I travelled
through the country districts of Japan, says
awriterin Blackwood's. ®

Schools presented a conspicuous feature
in every corner of the country—not the
schools dear to the bigoted literati of China
or the intolerant mullahs of Islam, but
modern, up to date, twentieth century
schools, where the knowledge and learning
of the West isa fast becoming imparted to
the children of the East.

I remember one day meeting a number
of small boys returning from a village
school in a district far removed from the
influence of railways and big cities. Onmy
approaching them they drew up to attention
with thilitary precision and bowed cere-

moniously to me as I passed.

1 was somewhat puzzled to find a reason
| for thia spontaneous display, and ‘subse-
quently learned that the cause was to be
found in the cut of my clothes. I was
dressed after the manner of the West,
and was therefore an object of respect.
You ask why? Because Europeanization
is the fetich of the day.

Nor is it only the boys who attend the
schools in this year of grace 1907, for the
schoolgirl in magenta hakama, with satchel
and books in hand, walking blithely to
the nearest academy, is the rule rather
than the exception of to-day—-and a vastly
significant one in an Eastern country.
And if we turn to statistics regarding
education we find that they more than con-
firm the deductions of observation.

Thus in 1809 85.06 per cent. of the boys
and 50.04 per cent. of the girls of school
age were attending school—figures which
had increased five years later to 96.59 and
89,88 respectively. During the school year
1903-04 (the latest for which I have figures)
£4,500,000 was spent on public education,
and 5,976,124, or 98.23 per cent. of the chil-
dren, boys and girls combined, of school
age were recorded as receiving elementary
instruction.

There is another—a powerful, perhaps a
sinister—influence eating slowly but surely
into the old communal life of the people,
the influence of modern industrial] require-
ment. Already thousands of women and
children are toilin, wearny factory and
workshop, attending mechanically to the
great steam driven — looms
which are slowly but
the life out of the old famil ma-
chines on which were made the exquisite
fabrics embodying the artistic soul of

Japan. f
nguarded and uncared for by a kindly
isfation their lot can scarcely be oon-

sidered an enviable one. No factory acta

the pages of the statute book of

$$ ee net

ES Se

apan.
We have our duty plain before us,” say
the manufacturers, “to establish our com-
modities firmly upon the world’s markets.
Let us get our hold of them before we are
tied om handicapped by Government in-
terference.” y

Such was the fervent prayer which I
heard breathed by more than one manu-
facturer—a prayer which would appear to
have every chance of being granted, since
only so lately as August last the Japanese
Government refused an invitation to send
delegates to an international conference at
Berne, held with a view to prohibiting night
work by woren on the grounds that the
state of the industries of the country did
not ddmit of such interference! ;

True, the women and children may smile
over their work as the casual visitor passes
to and fro among the whirring creels or the
crashing looms, Bur. then the Japanese smilo
is an enigmatical thing and, as been
written, “the Japanese can amile in the teeth
of death, and usually does,”

Some day the workers of Japan will rise
and will demand for themselves the same
rights and privileges already conceded to
their feliow workers in the Weat--but the
day is not yet. Before that time comes
Japan will have dispelled once for all the
dusion that she isa trifler in toy lanterns and
and paper fans and will have vindicated
her claim to be regarded as one of the manu-
facturing oations of the world,

rer iy: *, Lm NAS ® ye

can occupy the position of right or left

xorably crushing |

 

 

|

A

 

Sennen Ss Ss lt

 

LONG DELAYED GIFT TO PARIS

PAUL

STATUE FINISHED AT LAST,

The Present of the School (hildren of the
United States—Project Started Seven
Years Ago—The Delay Since the Bub-
Ject of Much Unpleasant Critioiem.

Americans living in Paria will learn with
feelings of relief that Paul Bartlett's statue
of Gen. Lafayette, known as the gift of
the school children of the United States to
France, has at last been finished, and there
is every indication that before many more
months the bronze will have been cast
and set up on the pedestal where, since
1900, a weatherbeaten, crumbling plaster
cast has represented it. President Fal-
lidres has seen the work and complimented
the sculptor.

When the plaster model was set up it was
believed that it would be replaced by the
bronze monument in a year or more at the
latest, but time passed and apparently the
statue was as far away asever. The make-
shift of plaster became broken and shabby
until at last Americans in Paris considered
it little short of a national disgrace.

But the end is apparently near and the
American colony rejoices.

The movement to erect the statue took

 

 

YORK, SUNDAY, AUGUST 4, 1907.—Copvriont, 1907, by The Sun Printing and Publianing Association,

bishop Ireland journeyed all the way from
St. Paul to deliver the dedicatory address
in French and to read a letter of congratula-
tion which President McKinley had written.

Ambassador Porter presided at the ex-
ercises, and the Commander-in-Chief of the
French Army, Paul Deschanel, President of
the Chamber of Deputies, and Armand
Fallidres, later President of the republic,
were present. President Loubet made a
speech and the French Senate and Chamber
passed resolutions of gratitude for “the
“gift of a monument that will perpetuate
memories equally dear to both countries.”

Soon afterward the ‘committee on the
statue, consisting of George Post, John
Lafarge and J. Q. A. Ward, chose Paul
Wayland Bartlett, the American sculptor,
who had lived in Paris for many years, to
makethe statue. Then came a long period
of inaction.

Americans who tried to learn why the
statue was not finished did not get much
satisfaction and the plaster cast on the
pedestal in the Square du Nouveau Louvre
began to show the effects of the weather.
A hoof fell off the plaster horse and a boot
dropped from the plaster hero.

Bartlett did some artistic patching and
covered the whole with bronze'paint. But
the paint peeled off in spots and Americans
and even polite Parisians could not help
noticing that the horee’s neck was strangely
twisted and that his taiPdid not fit him.

 

 

——

 

PAUL BARTLETT'S STATUE OF LAFAYETTE TO BE ERECTED IN PARIS
THE GIFT OF THE SCHOOL CHILDREN OF THE UNITED STATES.

 

definite shape eight years ago when a com-
mittee was formed in Chicago to collect
money.

tary, was the most active worker in the | the Parisians smiled at it.

cause and associated with him were such
men as Archbishop Ireland, Ferdinand
W. Peck, Thomas Hastings and Melville E.
Stone. The presentation was planned to
add interest in this country to the universal
exhibition in Paris in 1900, and subscrip-
tions came in fast.

School children throughout the United
States raised $60,000. Congress appro-
priated $25,000 for an issue of Lafayette
dollars to swell the fund. The Daughters
of the Revolution gave $10,000, and other
contributions made up a total of about
$130,000.

The French people approved of the idea
with enthusiasm on the hands across the
sea principle, and when Mr. Thompson
went abroad to make the arrangements
President Loubet entertained him and gave
him the Presidential box at the opera.
The site assigned for the statue is one of
the best in Paris. It is in the Square du
Nouveau Louvre, commanding a view of
the great thoroughfare which runs past
the Tuileries Gardens.

To make a bronze statue requires time.
The committee had planned for an unveil-
ing on Independence Day in 1900, so a plaster
cast was mado§to rest upon’the pedestal,
which later was to uphold the bronze monu-
ment. The unveiling was a great event.
The American flag was hung out every-
where by the grateful French, and Arch-

| equestrian statue.

en a ee

Americans grumbled and grew angry.
They considered that the presence of such

Robert J. Thompson, the secre- | a monument was a national disgrace, and

Bartlett was
appealed to and ‘about the only satisfaction
the questioners got was this explanation:

“I do not consider seven years an in-
ordinately long time to take in making an
Other sculptors have
takenlonger. Saint-Gaudens took fourteen
years to make a statue for Boston and the
sculptor of Joan of Arc worked for twelve
years on it.

“I know people are asking why I cannot
find inspiration. I have found inspiration.
I mean to take my time, because the work
is important.

“The statue will be cast in bronze in
America. I am taking for my model a
horse of the late Gen. McClellan. It is avery
very big horse and I shall represent La-
fayette as very youthful. He was only 19
when he went to America.

“I do not think the committees complain
of my delay. Archbishop Ireland has writ-
ten asking me to make haste, but I believe
I am making haste. Suppose I took four-
teen years, what would people say?”

Bartlett. made these remarks more than
@ year ago, but now the end is in sight and
before long the plaster statue which has
caused Americans in Paris annoyance will
have disappeared. But in the face of the
delay will there be another celebration
when the bronze statue is in place? There
is no way of answering that question at
this time.

 

 

NO MAN’S LAND.

Unowned Spitzbergen Peopled Only by &
Thousand Deed.

The name of Spitzbergen has been spoken
oftener during the last few months than
for many a long year. The fact that the
Wellman airship has been building there
is responsible for Spitzbergen becoming
something like a household word. Its
history is romantic.

During the most profitable period of
the Dutch fishery, 1620-36, says the Na-
tonal Geographic Magazine, over 300 Dutch
ships and more than 15,000 men annually
visited Spitzbergen; more than 18,000 men
were on the coast in one summer. These
conditions led to its summer colonization.

The most remarkable of these estab-
lishments was at Amsterdam Island, where
on a broad plain grew up the astonishing
village of Smeerenberg. Here, nearly
within ten degrees of the North Pole, 70
degrees 50 minutes north, for a score of
years prevailed an amount of comfort and
prosperity that can scarcely be credited
by the visitor of to-day.

Several hundred ships, with more than
10,000 men, visited it annually. These
consisted not alone of the whalers and
land laborers, but of the camp fgllowers
who always frequent centres of great and
rapid productivity.

in tne train of the whalers followed
merchant vessels loaded with wine, brandy,
tohacco and edibles unknown in the plain
fare of the hardy fishers. Shops were
opened, drinking booths erected, wooden
aot even brick tile covered houses con-

oa teh,

bb 4 heh to

structed for the laborers or visiting whale-
men,

Even bakeries were constructed, and as
in Holland tne sound of the baker's born,
announcing het, fresh bread, drew crowds
of nee Somes. If report errs not,
Sete b at oa
en’ ng meerenberg.

Theshore fisheries soon failed (about 1640),
and the Dutch being driven to the remote
and open seas Smeerenberg fell into de-
eaceaees He molished

|

. the
ee Sta of the famous Spitzbergen

But human interest in Smeerenberg did
not pass away with its vanishing habitations,
for on the res of that bay rest the last
mortal remains of a thousand stalwart
fishers, who closed their lives of toil and
struggle in viewof the icy seas.

Spitzbergen of recent years has been
claiming greater attention. A coal deposit
of considerable value has been found on the
island, and it has become a favorite resort
for hunters and for excursionists.

It ia known as No Man's Land, as it_be-
longs to no country, morn and Sweden
being unable to agree as to its possession.
Last year about half a million dollars
worth of oil, furs and eiderdown were
obtained from the island.

Some authority ought soon to take pos-
session of the archipelago, for the game—
such as reindeer, polar bears, tarmigan,
geese, ducks and other birde~-formerty 80
plentiful, ia being wantonly exterminated.
A party of tourists last summer killed more
than 100 reindeer, leavi the carcasses
where they fell and taking with them only a
few of the finest heads and antlers. Eider-
duck neste are robbed of eggs, which Nor-
way on her northern coasts and Denmark in
Greenland protect by law.

” rrvrerercyerive veratrine

Ce ee

 

 

FPREDERICK LORSER & OO.

PPIs WE IV Ie I

BROOKLYN AD

Store Closes

at
5 P. M.

Store Opens
at
8:30 A. M.

Fall Carpets : : Underprice Sale.
Values That Must Stir Wide Interest.

FR’: years we have held a Carpet Sale at this season. For years it has been of sufficient magnitude

to bring people from out of town as well as those who can conveniently reach the Store.
There is a tremendous stock

of Carpets. There are hundreds of new patterns from such famous mills as Bigelow, Hartford, Alexander
Smith’s Sons, ete. There are Carpets for parlor ‘and bedroom and hall and stairs. No new stock could
show a wider range or better styles.
And yet these Carpets are offered now jor prices averaging a jourth under the regular.
We count the Sale “good advertising.’ It induces business at a normally dull time. It presents the
new Carpets to an always widening audience. It meets an annivereary and it shows to many new people
the character and the scope of the Loeser Carpet stock. Briefly here are the prices:

75c. Tapestry Brussels at 54c. | $1.10 Velvets at 79c. | $1.50 Body Brussels at $1.19.

85c. Tapestry Brussels at 64c. $1.25 Velvets at 98c. rm f sae no egh-g*y 9

$1 Tapestry Brussels at 74c. | $1.60 Wilton Velvets at $1.24. $1.75 Axminsters at $1.24.
Carpet Rags-——40°%, Off.

Linoleams—Half Price.
From our short lengths of Carpets we have made up 71 Carpet

A lot of short lengths of printed and inlaid Linoleums and also
Ruge and these go into the sale at 40 per cent. less than the

e woe OS Cloths are included in the sale. We oape made
t oes —2e. ‘ rams,
Carpet ie worth. Sizes range about 6x9, 8'(x10%4, 9x12, > e ozactiy halt to SG nee
105¢"18'4 and 12% x15 feet. Prices 86.98 to 830.75

To-morrow we match our best previous Sales—and surpass them.

for we cannot hold any special piece while you go home

and measure.
Third Floor, Fim Place.

 

Nottingham Lace Curtains About Half Price.

Thousands of Pairs in the Annual Sale.

UNDREDS OF BROOKLYN PEOPLE ARE WAITING WITH KEEN INTEREST for this event.

It is unique—unrivaled. For years we have held it at this season. For years it has offered greater

values in inexpensive Curtains and greater stocks of such Curtains than any other store even

attempted to equal. For years it has crowded the Loeser Upholstery Store as no other store anywhere is ever
crowded at any time.

For the Sale to-morrow we have more Curtains than ever before. For the Sale to-morrow the values are greater

than ever before—indeed large increases in wholesale cost will probably make a duplication of this offer impossible even

for us.

One Lot at 34c a Pair. |

One Lot at 49c a Pair. | One Lot at 89c a Pair.

One Lot at 65c a Pair. One Lot at $1.19 a Pair. | One Lot at $2.75 a Pair.

It ia difficult to realize the high character of these Curtains without seeing them. The 34c. Curtains, for
instance, are all well worth 60c. and 75c. a pair. There are at least 35 different patterns of the 65c. Curtains worth about
$1.25 a pair. The $2.75 Curtains are in superb novelty, Brussels and French patterns, and could not be matched to-day
under $4 to $6 a pair. Fully half of them are worth over $5 a pair.

Thousands of Half Pairs and Nottingham Strips 17c. and 29c. Each.
$2.25 to $3 Shirtwaist Boxes at $1.15 Each.

Third Floor, Front. None Sent C. O. D.

One Lot at $1.55 a Pair.
One Lot at $1.98 a Pair.

One Lot at 79c a Pair.

fe

$1.50 French Imperial Serges, 65c.
50 Inches Wide : : : : A Great Piece of Luck.

HESE Serges are particularly adapted to plaited skirts, for they have a fine twill, very firmly woven, and yet are
T soft to the touch. It is a piece of pure good fortune to have a quantity, absolutely all wool,.in particularly good
colors, 50 inches wide and for less than half price—65c. a yard. —
The colors include garnet, wine, brown, castor, tan, cadet, royal navy, dark navy, bottle green, reseda, pearl gray,
stone gray, plum, heliotrope, rose, cream and ivory.
Second Floor, Him Palce

Women’s $22 White Serge Suits, $9.98.

E HAVE SOLD SUITS LIKE THESE at $18.98 and been told again and again that the value was
unmatched. Now come the final fifty Suits from the maker—and it is not hard to imagine how
they will be snapped up to-morrow, when the price is $9.98 apiece.

The white serge is excellent and the Suit is very smart in looks and very well made

und double-breasted. Some have black collar and cuffs of silk; others of the serge, satin lined.
side-plaited effect, finished with bias band.

$42.50 Voile Suits at $18.98.

Thirty-seven fine Suits out of our own stock reduced for prompt clearance. They are made of the good hard
finished twine voile with short Eton coat beautifully braided and with lace applique collar and vest. Kimono and full
sleeves. Lining of fancy taffeta. Skirt is side and box plaited, gored and made over a taffeta drop in fancy effects,

None C, O. D., Credited or Exchanged.

 

 
  
 
   
   
  
   
   

Prince Chap coat, single
Skirt is a gored, triple

Second Moor

 

 

85c. Printed Foulard Silks at 49c.

IFTEEN HUNDRED YARDS of as pretty Foulard Silks as have been sold anywhere this season
for the full price. Only because it is clearance time do we get them for so little.
They are 24 inches wide, all silk and in navy and white and black and white polka spots and other design:.
75c. Loulsine Check Stiks et 89c. $0 All Silk 24 In. Black Foulerd eat 59c.
$1.50 All Sik 27 Im. Nevelty Pongee, 59c. $1.35 Guaranteed 86 In. Black Teffete, 98c.

Bond Street. None Sent C, O, D.

 

  
  
  

   

Main Floor,

  

Men’s $12.50 and $15 Suits at $7.75.

HE STIR THE SALE MADE LAST WEEK is sufficient evidence of the enthusiasm that will greet
this announcement. For the Suits sold then have had time to become themselves an advertise-
ment of the sort of values this offering brings to Brooklyn men.

There are eighty more of the Suits—all our regular $12.50 and $15 standard-—all at $12.50 and $15

the best Suits to be bought anywhere.
Main Floor,

{ 12%c. Printed Organdie Batiste, 9c. ™

EN THOUSAND YARDS MORE—the second half of our purchase—have come in and will be ready
to-morrow. It is one of the best offerings of colored Dress Cottons we have ever known.
Seeond Floor. None Sent C. O. D

        
       
   

Elm Place. None Sent C. 0. D

       

”

 

Women’s $4 Sample Shoes
And Oxfords at $2.50 a Pair.

F YOU WEAR A4 OR 4'sA, this is a chance to pick from
some of the handsomest of the season's footwear for

Parasols at Half Price.

HOUGH THE USEFULNESS of Parasols is not be
any means over, we are already au-
,tumn season and now comes the round-up of our

close to half price.
They are the product of one of the best shoemakers
in the seuarz. and the fact that they are sanapres is fair
the

stock on hand at one-half of regular prices. It includes:
Women’s: $2 to $20 Parasols st 98c. to $10.

Children’s $1 to $3 Perasels et 50c. to $1.50.
Main Floor, Nome SentC. 0. D.

“evidence of
and patent leather, in high an
and turn soles.

*

ir worth and galty. Made of black kid
low cut atyles, with welted

Second Floor, Rear.

 

 

asia