THE SUN.

   

     
 
   
  
    
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
  
  
  
 
 
   

 

NTLE GRAFTER

BY O, HENRY.

Shearing the Wolf.

Copyright, 1907, by 8. 3. McClure Co, in 0 nited States
and Great Britain,

THE GE

 

 

 

Jeff Peters was always eloquent when the
ethics of his profession was under dis-
cussion.

“Tbe only times,” said he, “that me and
Andy Tucker ever had any hiatuses in our
cordial intents was when we differed on the
moral aspects of grafting. Andy had his
standards and I had mine, I didn’t ap-
prove of all of Andy's schemes for levying
contributions from the public, and he
thought I allowed my conscience to inter-
fere too often for the financial good of the
firm. We had high arguments sometimes.
Once one word led on toanother till he said
1 reminded him of Rockefeller.

“*Il know how you mean that, Andy,’
nays I, ‘but we have been friends too long
for me to take offence at a taunt that you
will regret when you cool off. 1 have yet,’
says I, ‘to shake hands with a subpoena
eerver.’

“One summer me and Andy decided to
reat up a@ spell in a fine little town in the
mountains of Kentucky called CGrassdale.
We was supposed to be horse drovers, and
good, decent citizens besides, taking a sum-
mer vacation. The Grassdale people liked
us, and me and Andy declared a secession
of hostilities, never so much as floating the
fly leaf of a rubber concession prospectus
or flashing a Brazilian diamond while we
were there.

“One day the leading hardware mer-
chant of Grassdale drops around to the
hotel where me and Andy stopped, and
smokes with us, sociable, on the side porch.
We knew him pretty well from pitching
quoits in the afternoons in the court house
yard. He was a loud, red man, breathing

hard, but fat and respectable beyond all |

reason

“After we talk on all the notorious themes
of the day, this Murkison—for such was his
entitlements—takes a letter out of his coat
pocket in a careful careless way and hands
it to us to read.

“‘Now, what do you think
says he, laughing—‘a letter likethat to ME!’

“Me and Andy sees at a glance what it is;
but we pretend to read it through.
was one of them old time typewritten green
goods letters explaining how for $1,000
you could get $5,000 in bills that an expert

couldn't tell from the genuine; and going |

on to tell how they were made from plates
stolen by an employee of the Treasury at
Washington.

“ *Think of 'em sending a letter like that
to ME!’ says Murkison again

“ ‘Lots of gool men get ‘ein,’ says Andy.
‘If you don’t answer the first letter they
jet you drop. If you answer it they write
again asking you to come on with your
money and do business.’

“But think of ‘em writing to ME!’ says
Murkison.

“A few days later he drops around again.

“ ‘Boys,’ says he, ‘I know you are al!
right or I wouldn’t confide in you. I wrote
to them rascals again just for fun. They

would start. When I get there I'm to wait
on a certain street corner till a man in a

gray suit comes along and drops a news- |

paper in front of me. Then I am to ask
him how the water is, and he knows it’s
me and I know it’s him.’

“‘Ah, yes,’ says Andy, gaping, ‘it’s the
same old game. I've often read about it in
the papers. Then he conducts you to the
private abattoir in the hotel, where Mr.
Jones is already waiting.
brand new rea! money and sel) you all you
wantattiveforone. You see 'em putitina
satchei for you and you know it’s there.
course it's brown paper when you come to
look at it afterward.’

“*Oh, they couldn't switch it on me,’ says
Murkison. ‘I havent built up the best
paying business in Grassddle without hav-
ing witticisms about me. You say it's real
inmuney they show you, Mr. Tucker?’

“I've always—I see by the papers that it
always is,’ says Andy.

“*Boys,’ says Murkison, ‘I’ve got it in my
mind that them fellows can’t fool me. 1
think I'll put a couple of thousand in my
jeans and go up there and put it all over 'em.
If Bili Murkison gets bis eyes once on them
bills they show him he'll never take ‘em off
of'em. hey offer $5 for $1, and they'll have
tostick tothe bargainifltackle'em. Thats
the kind of a trader Bill Murkison is. Yes,
1 jist believe {'ll drop up Chicago way and
take aStoilshot ond. Smith. I guess the
water'!| be fine enough.’

“Me and Andy tries to get this financial
misquotation out of Murkison's head, but
we migint as well have tried to keep the man
who rolls peanuts with a toothpick from
betting on Bryan's election. No, sir; he
was going to perform a public duty by
catching these green goods swindlers at
theirown game. Mayne it wouid teach 'em
@ lesson.

“After Murxison left us me and Andy sat
a while prepondering over our silent medita-
tions and heresies of reason. In our idle
hours we .always improved our higher
selves by ratiocination and mental thought.

“Jeff,’ says Andy after a long time,
‘quite unseldom I have seen fit to impugn
your molars when you have been chewing
the rag with me about your conscientious
way of doing business. | may have been
often wrong. But here is a case where I
think we can agree. I feel that it would
be wrong for us to allow Mr. Murkison to
go alone to meet those Chicago green goods
men. There is but one way it can end.
Don’t you think we would both feel better
if we was to intervene in some way and
prevent the doing of this deed?’

“I got up and shook Andy Tucker's hand
hard and long.

“‘Andy,’ says I, ‘1 may have had one
op two hard thoughts about the heartless-
ness of your corporation, but I retroact
‘em now. You havea kind nucleus at the
interior of your exterior after all. It does
vou credit. I was just thinking the same
thing that you have expressed. It would
not be honorable or praiseworthy,’ says I,
‘for us to let Murkison go on v.ith this pro-
ject he has taken up. if he is determined
to go let ue go with him and prevent this
awindle from coming off.’

“Andy agreed with me; and | was glad
to eee that he was in earnest about breaking
up this green goods scheme,

“1 don’t call myself a religious nian,’ |

says I, ‘or a fanatic in moral bigotory,
but I can't stand still and see a man who

has built up a business by his own efforts |

and. brains and risk be robbed by an un.
sorupulous trickster who is a menace to
the public good.’

“Right, Jeff,’ saya Andy.
right along with Murkison if he insists
on going and block this funny business,
I'd hate to see any money dropped in it
as bad as you would,’

“Well, we went to see Murkison.

“'No, boys,’ says he, ‘I can’t consent
to let the song of this Chicago siren waft by
me on the summer breeze, I'll fry some
fai out of this ignis fatuus or burn a hole
io the skillet, But I'd be plumb diverted
to death to have you all go along with me,
Maybe you could help some when it comes

of that?’ |

They show you |

Of |

‘We'll stick |

 

to cashing in the ticket to that 5 to 1 shot.
| Yes, I'd really take it as a pastime and
| resteinens if you boys would go along
too.’
| “Murkison gives it out in Grasedale
that he ia going for a few days with Mr.
Peters and Mr. Tucker to look over some
iron ore property in West Virginia. He
wires J. Smith that he will set foot in the
spider web on a given date; and the three
| of us lights out for Chicago.
“On the way Murkison amuses himself

with premonitions and advance pleasart
recollections.

 

“In a gray suit,’ eays he, ‘on the south-
west corner of Wabash avenue and Lake
street. He drops the paper, and I ask
how the water is. Oh, my, my. my!’ And
then he laughs all over for five minutes.

“Sometimes Murkison was serious and

, tried to talk himself out of his cogitations,
whatever they was.

“‘Boys,’ says he, ‘I wouldn't have this
to get out in Grassdale for ten times a
thousand dollars. It would ruin me there.
But I know you all are all right. I think
it's the duty of every citizen,’ says he, ‘to

try to do up these robbers that prey upon

the public. I'll show ‘em whether the
water's fine. Five dollars for one—that’s
what J. Smith offers: and he'll have to
keep his contract if he does business with
Bill Murkison.’

“We got into Chicago about 7 P. M.

| Murkison was to meet the gray man at
haif past 9. We had dinner at a hotel
and then went up to Murkison's room to
wait for the time to come.

“‘Now, boys,’ says Murkison, ‘let’s get our
gumption together and inoculate a plan
for defeating the enemy. Suppose while
I'm exchanging airy bardage with the gray
capper you gents come along, by accident,
you know, and: holler: “Hello, Murk!®
and shake hands with symptoms of sur-
prise and familiarity. Then I take the
capper aside and tell him youall areJenkins

and Brown of Grasedale, groceries and
feed, good men and maybe willing to take
a chance while away from home.’

; “Bring ‘em along,” he'll say, of course,
“if they care to invest.” Now, how does that
scheme strike you?’

“What do you say, Jeff? says Andy,

| looking at me

“Why, ['ll tell you what I say,’ says I.
‘T say let's settle this thing right here now.
I don’t see any use of wasting any more
time.’ IT took a nickel plated .38 out of my
pocket and clicked the cylinder around
a few times.

“*You undevout, sinful, insidious hog,’
says I to Murkison, ‘get out that two thoue
sand and lay it on the table. Obey with
velocity,’ says I, ‘for otherwise’ alternatives

are impending. I am preferably a man of
mildness, but now and then I find myself
in the middle of extremities. Such men

jas you,’ IT went on after he had laid the
| money out, ‘is what keeps the jails and
court houses going. You come. up here to
rob these men of their money. Does it
excuse you?’ | asks, ‘that they were trying
toakin you? No, sir; you was going to rob
Peter to stand off Paul. You are ten times
worse,’ says I, ‘than that green goods man.
You go to church at home and pretend tobe
| a decent citizen, but you'll come to Chicago

built up a sound and profitable business by
dealing with such contemptible scoundrels
as you have tried to be to-day. How do
| you know,’ says I, ‘that, that green goods
man hasn't a large family dependent upon
his extortions? It's you supposedly res-
pectable citizens who are always on the
lookout to get something for nothing,’
says I, ‘that support the lotteries and wild-
eat mines and stock exchanges and wire
tappers of this country. If it wasn't for
you they’d go out of business. The green
goods man you was going to rob,’ says I,
| ‘studied maybe for years to learn his trade.
Every turn he makes he riskea his money
and liberty and maybe his life. You come
| up here all sanctified and panoplied with
| respectability and a pleasing post office
address to swindle him. If he gets the
money you can aqueal to the police. If
you get it heffhocks the gray suit to buy
supper and says nothing. Mr. Tucker and
me sized you up,’ says I, ‘and came along
to see that yeu got what you deserved.
Hand over the money,’ says I, ‘you grass
fed hypocrite.’

“I put the two thousand, which was all
in $20 bills, in my inside pocket.

“‘Now get out your watch,’ says I to
Murkison. ‘No, I don’t want it,’ says I.
‘Lay it on the table and you sit in that chair
till it ticks off an hour. Then you can ko.
If you make any noise or leave any sooner
we'll handbill you all over Grassdale. I
guess your high position there is worth
more than $2,000 to you.’

“Then me and Andy left.

“On the train Andy was a long time
silent. Then he says. ‘Jeff, do you mind
my asking you a question?’

“*Two,’ says I, ‘or forty.’

*‘Was that the idea you had,’ says he,
‘when we started out with Murkison?’

“Why, certainly,’ says I. ‘What else
could it have been? Wasn't it yours, too?’

“In about half ap hour Andy spoke again.
I think there are times when Andy don’t

exactly understand my system of ethics
and moral hygiene.

ou

of a

“‘Jeff,’ says he, ‘some time when
have the leisure I wish you'd draw
diagram and footnotes of that conscience
of yours. I'd like to have it to refer to
occasionally .’”

 

TEN BEST THINGS TO EAT?

What Would Be Your Contribution te This
Yuom-Yummish Question ?

A good subject for a silly season dis-
cussion has been hit upon by What to Eat.
The burning question is: What are the
ten best things to eat?

‘The propounder of this delectable problem
hastens to expiain that it does not refer to
the ten articles of diet which are @est for
the eater’s health, but “the ten things you
eat that you prefer to all others.

“Everybody, of course, eats. And
everybody has favorite dishes. But when
once one starts to narrow down the list
to vhe ten very best dishes the problem
begins to get vexing.

“Suprose the choice has narrowed down
| to escher a ripe venison steak or a tender

yvrairie chicken roasted over the coals.
iow would you cast your vote then?

“Review what you do eat and then think
out what you would most like to eat, and
then narrow these selections down to just
ten, taking into consideration, of course,
the season of the year, the meal to be
chosen and the prevailing conditions of
| weather.”
| J. EB. Wolfe of Greensboro, Va., who
was asked the question, gives this as his
personal selection: '

1, Roasting ears, roasted in shuck in hot
ashes

2. Broiled Smithfield ham.

ft. Smothered quail, with gravy.

4, Stewed young chicken, with gravy.

Stewed oysters seasoned to suit taste.

6. Mountain trout roasted in the ashes in @
shuck.

7. Country sausage, like our mothers used
to make.

&. Roasting ear pudding

9. Buckwheat cakes, with good butter and
pure molasses, washed down with coffee,

10, Bermuda onions boiled like poached
exzas and seasoned to suit taste

Rut this is tar from including all the good
things to eat

Think of the big Thanksgiving turkey
where does that come in? Or a canvas
back pow and then. Or @ lobster on a
cool night. Or—look at this awful array
of tasties that has already been conjured up.

|
|
|
|

 

|
|
|

|
|
|
|

; and commit larceny from men that have
answered and told me to come on to Chicago. |

Vhey said telegraph to J. Smith when 1!

A NS A SS

— _

CANAL BOAT ROCF GA

FAMILY PARTIES FROM UP STATE
IN COMFORT HELE,

Life in Krie Basin or Coentics Stip Has tts
Advantages These Days—Canned Vau-
deville and Cooling Breezes Avaliatie
—Pleasures of Canal

‘This is the season when the Erie Canal
uavigator, sometimes irreverently referred
to as a canaler, takes along his family,
generally numerous and nearly always a
bit brighter than the average up-Staiw
residents, to keep him company.

The canalboat owner, as a, rule the
skipper algo, is the properest nian between
Buffalo and New York city in the period
when his ohildren are on vacation. He
believes.in education and he sees to it that
the little folks get as much of it as may be
had by attendance at the public schools
of the various towns along the Une of the
Erie.

The youngsters look forward to July
and August, because they know that they
will get a fleeting glimpse of many cities
of their Stateand maybe a week or more of
pleasure in the biggest show town of the
continent. It is not far from Erie. Baain or
Coenties slip, where the boats tie up while
waiting for cargoes, to Coney Island. Life

 

IRE CANAL BOAT W.

 

aboard the boats, the cabins of most of
which are neater then the dining room of the
average country home, is not half eo bad
as life in the usual run of flats hereabout
The skipper is not the man depicted by
the old time generation of humorist. He
does not swear at his mules, many of which
nowadays are horses, and he even frowns
upon the driver who indulges in cuss words.
Between this port and Troy, where the
horse or mule power is turned off or on, de-
pending on the direction the boat is going,
the skipper's boat forms part of a hig tow
and he has to do practically nothing except
to see that his animals are looked after
properly. He keeps them in good shape,
because if he does not they may fail him in
emergency. It is pleasant sailing from

——$

 

RDENS |

 

'

 

Boat Trips. |

     

 

Troy, and after the cargo, usually grain |

at this season, is discharged the boat ties
up with a lot of other mastleas craft, and
the family, particularly the little ones, go
in for a good time.

They put on their store clothes, take
rides and strolls through the city and trips
to Coney. They do not come back to stuffy
rooms. On the after deck, completely
covering the top of the cabins, on all boats
owned by their skippers are spread awn-
ings, sometimes of the regulation striped
stuff and sometimes of canvas.

A TRUNK INCIDENT AT CADIZ

THIS TELLS WHY THE AMERICANO
CAN'T GO BACK,

+ i

Cireamstances That Led Two Persons to
Curse Him and One to Thank Him,
Making a Majority Against Hin
—Dipiomacy Gave Ramon Ali the Tips.

The hard feelings over the late Spanish-
American war may all have passed away
in the south of Spain, but there ig one
Americano who isn’t likely to ta his
chances on a return to tne chalk white city |
of Cadiz. When he left there some months

|

'

|
persistent, but they were not so diplomatic.

Ramon sai that he knew many Ameri-

ago three persons saw him off. Two cursed
canos, millionaires chiefly they must have |

 

 

him and the third thanked him. The
curses, being in the majority, deter him
from trying a return trip.

And so Jos‘ Lopez and the Capataz spend
their idle days, which are many, objurgat-
ing the Americano chiefly, but Ramon
Galera not a little. The hotel porter doesn’t
count.

The Americano walked out of the custom
stopped, undecided where the sidewalk
ended and the roadway began. It was a
nice December day.

The merry bells on a small donkey draw-
ing a large wagon gave an impression of
real winter as they tinkled. The impression
was hardly borpe out by the stifling heat of
the Calle de la Aduana.

The once beautiful pillara at the end of

the street with the time rubbed inscriptions
telling of the old glories of Cadiz trembled
in the heat haze. Alongside the long wharf
and inside the basin the fishing boats
shrivelled in the sunglow.
» Out of the bright blue sky the sun shone
glaringly on the milk white city rising out
of waves as blue as the sky above. The
odd conceit of the appearance of Cadiz
being like writing the word “white” with a
pencil on a piece of blue paper strtick the
Americano.

He smiled at a much powdered young
woman who tottered along on two high
heels, a black lace mantilla draped about
her head and shoulders and every known
color and shade somewhere displayed
about her person. ‘The sun had no chance
to burn her face. It had to get through a
thickness of q~owder first. 16° was‘in the
very momént of aniiling that Rangoon Galera
approached and appropriated ‘the Ameri-
cano.

It mignt as well be said right here tha
Ramon was and is the most ingratiatin:
personality in the world. It was therefor»
that he was able to carry off the prize.
José Lopez and the Capataz were no Jes
been, to judge by the sums they presented
to Ramon, according to his say ao. |
“The Hotel of the Lions of Gold is a very |
good place,” said Ramon, and he put the |
tips of the fingers of his right hand to his
lips and blew away a kias, thus making a’
gesture indicative of all sorta of comforts,
luvur.es and conveniences in the Fond,
de los Leones de Oro. “Would you lik»

nouse, or rather the custom shed, and
to have your trunk and bag taken there?”

Ce SSFP L

the Spanish phrase is. It is quite incom
prehensible to foreigners with very sligh
Knowledge of Castilian, and it took Ramo \
some minutes to get his introdrctory
statements down to a business basis.

Eventually it was done, -but Ramon
learned that French was much better un
derstood by the Americano. The French of
both contracting parties was very im-
Perfect, so they understood one another
beautifully. «

“I am going to be here only a day or so,”
said the Americano. “I would like to
leave my trunk somewhere near the rail
road station so that it would be handy to
the train. Can that be done?”

“Assuredly,” replied Ramon. “It ia but
@ step to the railroad station and you may
leave it there by paying a trifle for storage,”
It is indeed but a step from one place t>
the other in Cadiz. It is not as greata city
as New York, for instance. But muy
bonito, always with the finger tips to the
lips.

Ramon, short but sturdy, shouldered the
trunk and was of like a good fellow to th»
railroad station. It was here that the
Americano, following, was intercepted by
a practically toothless young man, with
many days of beard upon his fhoe, di-
shevelled of clothing and wearing a por-
ter’s knot. This person displayed the
place where the teeth had been by a sweet
and courteous smile and handed over a
card:

José Lopez, Caballero,
Mozo en la Estacion Central de los Ferrocar-
riles Andaluces en la Ciudad de Cadiz.

The name was in very pretty script, the
rest in severer type. Toothleasly, José
Lopez, gentleman, also porter in the Central
Station of the Andalusian Railroad in the
city of Cadiz, asked for the privilege of
bearing the Americano’s trunk the short
few yards which remained.

Ramon shooed him away. José followed
into the waiting room, where presently was
held an extraordinary council. The drama-
tis persone:

Ramon talera, guide and interpreter.

FE) Capataz, or chief porter,

José Lopez, gentleman, porter, 4c,

The Americano’ trunk,

The Americano,

To mention them in the order of their
importance:

FE) Capataz did not differ greatly in a,-

‘pearance from José Lopez exoept that he

was a trifle less dirty and had a hatband
marked in ex-gold letters, “Capatas.” He
was not so sunny as José, but that possibly
was because of his duties. When one has
four mozos to look after and has to attend
to the, baggage on two trains in and two
trains out every twenty-four hours except
Sunday, when there are fewer, one has a
rinht to look worried and act a trifle more
disagreeable than others,

It appears that although ordinarily one
might store a trunk there, in this case there
was something out of the ordinary and it
was unlikely that without permission of

several exalted authorities it could be
done.
Eventually, as the Americano preserved

an appearance of stony indifference to all
the statements made to him by way of
explanation by Ramon, the railway station

Andalusians speak Spanish quite after contingent acknowledged it a bad job and

 

WHERE CHILDREN THRIVE

|
|

 

|

 

SUNDAY. AUGUST 4 1907.

 

their own fashion. “With the mouth fu'l,” | let it go at that. The trunk was put ina | when there was a mad rush to the car.

side room, where it passed out of the juris- | They have high clearance those Spanish

diction of José into that of El Capataz, who
locked the door.

The union rate for guiding in Cadiz ap- |
parently is or was five pesetasa day. That |
is reasonable, being leas than a dollar.
Ramon proved to be very pleasant com- |
pany, indeed, and the Hotel of the Lions of |
Gold, although net a terrestrial paradise,
was bearable.

The Americano’s stay lengthened from
a day to a week, and everywhiere that |
he travelled in the streets he met José
Lopez, caballero, who smiled and smiled |
and revealed the fact that dentistry in
southern Spain is not a profitable occuna-
tion. And ever and anon El Capataz
crossed the path of the invader and men- |
tioned that the trunk still was in safe keep-
ing.

On the day of departure from the hotel, |
it may be mentioned in passing,three or |
four brand new helpers appeared suddenly
in the hotel to help the Americano with
minor trifles in his packing. Also two
of the waiters got an idea that his week
in the hotel had run down his system so
that he was unable to carry his comb and
brushes from the bureau to the bed, where
he was loading his suit case. lurther-
more a porter shot up from nowhere and
with an appearance of undergoing great
strain carried the suit case toa barrow and
wheeled it to the station.

The crisis of the Cadiz incident ap-
proached. José and the Capataz saw the
Americano and his party from afar off.
They gathered to welcome the approach-
ing departing guest.

With great flourish the Capataz dragged
forth the trunk from its hiding place and
permitted José to have part in bringing
it to the place where it might be checked.
It was a laborious feat, because as any
one knows a trunk after being a week in
storage becomes mettlesome and fractious,
With parade and display the trunk was
brought to rest and was ready for checking.

The Americano bought his railroad ticket
and handed it to Ramon to get the trunk
checked, Again the Capataz and José
helped. The process of departure was
almost completed but there still remained |
a few things to be done.

The young man who had wheeled the
bag over from the hotel, all decorated with
a flaring red and yellow paster of the ea-
tablishment, the Capataz and José stood
about, appealing. Ramon had not yet
been paid, either.

The Americano had§what seemed to him
a bright idea. He got out a sum of money
sufficient to pay Ramon for the week and a
fair bit over.

“Ramon,” he said, “I don't want these
people annoying me for money, so you
give each oné what is a fair tip out of this
after your pay is taken out. You see?”

“Yes, sir,” said Ramon, bowing pro-
foufidly “I will do that. Good-by and many
thanks.”

The Americano, satisfied at heart that it
was a great plan, walked out on the plat-
form and looked for his car. He bought
& magazine, cost price three cents, tip to
the boy half a cent. Then he installed him-
self in the gar and sat waiting for it to pull
out.

Thgre was about @ minute still to waig

railroad cars on the Andalusian line and a
man ‘on the ground is breast high with the
floor. The young man from the hotel,
the Capataz and José ell tried for the
entrance at onee, “Aren't you going to
give us propina’” asked the Capataz.

“Yes, I watched your trunk all the time,”
said José. “And I smiled when I met you
in. the street,” he added hopefully.

“I carried that heavy bag to the station,”
said the hotel porter.

“Your trun would have been unsafe in
the station but for me,” said the Capataz.

“Don't bother me,” said the Americano.
“Go speak to Ramon. I gave him money
for all of you. ‘He has propina. Go see
him.”

At the word the three hustled off, but just

| as the train was about to get out, they were

batk again. There were tears in the ac-
cenis, “Ramon says he has no money for
us. He says that you gave him enough
for himself only. Give us propina. Have
you nothing for ua??

“Go away from here,” said the Ameri-
cano, “Don't bother me. You live here
with Ramon and I tell you he has the money.
You have lotsa of time to argue with hit.
Don't bother me. It was to escape bother
that I gave the money to him. That is
all.”

There was a wail of cursing as the train
pulled out and the three objurgated the de-
parting Americano, ‘The latter leaned hia
head out of the window, and just at the end
of the station platform, his gaze encoun-
tered the amiles of Ramon.

“Many thanks, sir,” said the head of the
house of Galera, with the dropping of the
right hand that indicates always gratitude.
“A pleasant trip.”

And apparently all the argument that the
Capataz and José can put up from time to
time begween the two trains in and the two
trains out of Cadiz every day but Sunday
jan't likely to affect Ramon much. The
Americano never will know, because An-
dalusian knives are quick and sharp and
life is cheap enough even te do a cutting
for the sake of a dollar.

Photograph of Hindu Women.
From the Shanghai Mercury.

The curious fate of a photograph taken
in the mills during the late factory commis-
sion comes from.Bombay. It contained 3
party of three Hindu women who quite
understood the taking of a picture and came
with alacrity dressed in their best; they were

taken in a group with several Mohammedan
men

Alas! The canons of decorum were broken,
When the photograph appeared the lurking
objections of caste took concrete shape. ‘the
Ghameless ones were boycotted, no one would
go near them or touch them, other women
would not allow them to go to the same wells
for water, stall holders and shops refused
their wares,

Finally the injured women petitioned one
of the agents of the mill to apply to the Gov-
ernment for the return of the negative. This
was done, the offending negative was handed
to the husbands of the women and was im-

, mediately dashed in pieces,

|
|
|

Maampte of Vanity.

From the Indianapolia Star
Apropos of vanity, Secretary Root told
about a politician who, the day before he
was to make a certain speech, sent a forty one
page report of it to all the papers. On e
20 Appeared this paragraph: p86
“But the hour grows late, and I must

close.” |"No, a0! Goon! Go on!")

   

There is at least one hammock on overy
boat. Some indulge in the luxury of two
and three when the skipper also has aboar:|,
besides hie family, relatives and neightuis
of his home town. Some of the skippers

j own only one boat, the cost of building
which is about $4,500, and some own three
+ aw four.
| There is no boat with a ohlid or woman
aboard that does not have a pot or mora
of flowers of its own. Waterfront mis-
| sionarics representing the churches von-
tribute to the floral decorations in the hope
of attracting the women, most of whom
are religious and sweet tempered, to the
| special church the missionary is trying to
| help along. Times have been prosperous
recently for the Erie boat owners and thes
} van afford luxuries that they might nave
| called extravagances some years ago.
The songs and recitations of the best
| brands of phonographs help to entertain
grown folks and children. Occasionally a
small organ or piano is heard in the fleet.

Boats equipped with canned vaudeville
invite folks of less fortunate craft to come
| aboard and take in the roof garden show.
Sometimes in Coenties Slip and Erie Rasin
it ie a bit warm, but it is not eo warm as
the room of a breezeless flat.

Sometimes, too, the mosquitoes come
when the wind is from the Jersey shore
Then the careful wife puts up protect-
ing netting and life becomes fairly luxurious
once more,

 

 

 

One of the most charming and one of
the cleverest little girls of the fleet now
near the foot of Coenties Slip is Hettie Ray.
She is the mate, by courtesy, of one of
the three »oats of her father, Capt. Ollie
tiy, of Port Byron, ‘which the little girl
explained was in Cayuga county, about
twenty-five miles west of Syracuse.

Capt. Ray's boats are lying side by aide
in the slip. The one that the aunt of Miss
Heitie, who is a passenger from Port B: >
is particularly interested in is the 8.
Davis. The nameboard was ited by
Miss Nettie herself and it is a bit more
aviistic than several other names painted
by professionals.

vise Hettie said the three boats,
tacdem, had taken fourteen days to
down from Buffalo. They are
general merchandise, mostly for Buffalo,
for transshipment to lake steamships.

Capt. Norman Paten, who owns twe
boats and is aboard the

Jr. of Syracuse, is one of the my

men of the genament — i ie a
and the on picture or orderly
cabin is a ‘Evene of Avraham Linooln.

He was eleven days making this port
from Buffalo and said that he probably
would be ten days here towing awa
in the holds of both his ships. He ead
he would rather live aboard the Castler
in summer weather than he would ashore
and that that was the sentiment of most of
the skippers of the fleet, particularly those

| that had their families along.

 

 

| THE LONG ALASKA TRAIL,

In Summer a Lonely, Flowery Way —Mighty
Different in Winter.

Our trail still leads to the north along
the great Government road from White-
horse to Dawson, a gold seeker writes in
Hunter-Trader-Trapper. It is about 850
; miles, well timbered all the way with spruce,
| poplar and cottonwood: some jack pine
just starting inghick masses of many acres.

Forest fires ten years ago a/ove most of
the game and fur to other parts, yet we see
| fresh signa of bear and fox in the dusty
' road every day for miles. and miles. Some
; duck, mostly mallard, canvas back and
| black duck, geese and swan show up nearly
| every day's travel.

This is the middle of May—the grass is
| four inches high, blue and white flowers
along the roadside, some strawberry blos-
some, and yet a pane of glass frozen in our
camp kettles each morning. Fruit is killed
1,000 miles south. °

This Government road is a solitude in
summer, not a person for a hundred miles,
but in winter when the ice tops travel on

 

the mighty Yukon River, then this road is a
wide awake, thriving, bustling, hustling,
there runway for the traders and miners.

reat four and six horse e.ages slam through
this road night and day from both ends.

Change horses’every twenty-two miles at
hotels called roadh charges at
these roadhouses are $1.80 for each meal,
$1 for bed, $1°for handout lunch; beer, 4c.,
25 cents per drink, hay and oats 5 to 10 cents
per pound, The hay comes from Spokane
and the oats from Mani both points
about 1,500 miles away. Both articles are
first class. P

We were overtaken on this road by four
droves of beef cattle of 125 head in each
drove. They were shipped from Calgary,
Canada and ttle, Wash., £00 miles by rail,
1,000 by sca, then 120. miles by rail, 140
mileg on foot, then by boat 250 miles to
Daweou, 1,100 miles-to Fairbanks, Feed,
both oate and hay, averages $1¢0 per ton.

The first cost of cattle is about $70 per
j head. They are stall fed unti) three years
old and weigh from 1,(00 to 2,200 each, the
best im the land. The freight on each is
eae than $100, the feed and care another

They sell in’ Fairbanks for $350 to $400
each. The man who works the pick and

Se eee

shovel pays for all. Chuck steak, 66 cents;
T bone Sheek. 90 cents; best guts, $1 per
poune

One herd lost five head through the ice;
the next day the next herd lost nine head
at the same place.: They went under the
ice in twelve feet of water. The miner
must pay for this loss also, The hay each
herd of 126 eats costs about $200each night
on the road, One herd waa short a man
to drive, so the younger of us two gold
hunters went for five days at $10 per day
and expenses to heip out. .

Sarveyor and Panther.

Blackburn correspondence Kanaas City Times

A surveyor employed by the St. Louis,
Bartlesville and Pacific Railroad Company,
which purposes to build a line from Joplin,
Mo., to Pond Creek, Okla., saw a remarkable
sight through the glass of his transit inatru-
ment while running a survey on Sand Creek
| fifteen or sixteen miles northeast of Paw-
huska in the Osage Indian reservation,
repens y. "The country at that place is broken
and in ted with canyons.

The surveyor had turned his inetrument
to see the fagman behind him. The flagman
was seen plainly, but beyond the flagman
about 00 yards was something that caused
the surveyor to » in astonishment. A
large panther, at the edge of a small gieerin >

was gazing intently at the surveyors. Throug)
} the oa: Danther's every mov it ud
“thee which watts ran re fee ;

|
|
|