PLBA FOR THE FRATERNITIES

ee ed

GOOD POINTS OF SECRET SOCIE-
TIES OF STUDENTS,
~ = ™

The College Fraternity and the Princeton
clah System Compared—Many Evils
of the Former Said te Have Been Eiimi-
nated—The Matter of Extravagance.

WiLLIaAMsTowN, Mass., Aug. 3.—The
upper class club system at Princeton was
described in Tux SuN regently. Here is
an account of ite rival development, the
college fraternity, which may be said to
have become a factor in the social ‘life of
the American college when Kappa Alpha
was founded at Union in 1825.

This form of the student club, which
was ruled out of Princeton at a time when
it threatened to become an academic evil,
has in other colleges met with increasing
popularity and success, until its aggregate
membership roll, including the dead and
the living, now numbers more than 250,000
names. In many ways it closely resembles
the Princeton club, but ita adherents at-
tribute to it a more useful place and in-
fluence in the college world.

In point of luxury it is not much behind
the Princeton club. The Chi Psi house at
Correll, which burned down last winter,
was said to have cost $250,000.
finest fraternity house in the
At both Columbia and the Sheffield Sc
tific School, the home of Delta Psi—generally
known as St. Anthony Hall—is noteworthy
and other examples of fine fraternity ar-
chitecture are plentiful throughout the
country.

Here the fraternities have taken posses-
sion of Main street with its extensive lawns
and towering elms, and the fraternity
houses in dignity and beauty are quite
ona level with the college buildings, Kappa
Alpha, through its recent purchase of the
colonial Proctor mnasion, thkes the lead
for expensive quarters, though its new
move in this direction has been much criti-
cised. This house contains fifty-three
rooms and is said to have cost $120,000
when erected a few years ago, and the land
about it is easily worth $40,000 more. House
and land were purchased this year for about
$60,000.

Other notable fraternity houses are the
Sigma Phi house, valued at about $100,000,
and the home of Alpha Delta Phi, which
is often pointed out as the finest adapta-
tion of the colonial style to the needs and
yees of the college fraternity. The other
lodges--there are twelve in all-- possess
each some distinctive feature that lends
a charm of its own

As at Princeton, there appears the same
constant desire for more expensive quar-

country.

 

It was the |

ien- |

ters, 60 that now there are two new houses |
in course of erection and other societies |

have the same move in contemplation
But even now, though there ®re degrees
of luxury, the interior of almost every
house has its own atmosphere of ease and
comfort.

Years ago, when the Greek letter fra-
ternities first sprang into prominence, they
met with opposition on all sides, They
were few in number and tended to ex-

   

fraternity is now represented by chapters in
thirty-seven colleges and universities and is
one of the strongest and most prosperous
in the country. To-day it differs little,
if at all, from the other fraternities, and
the advocates of the system point to this
fact as evidence that the old evils of fra-
ternity life have disappeared.

And members of Delta Upsilon heartily
acquiesce in this, Extreme secrecy, snob-
bishness, exclusiveness aro less and less
sought after by fraternities because they
have been found to be in the end harmful.

With the increased number of societies at
an ingtitution the strength of any one of
therm must depend first of all on phe extent
to which ita members are known and liked
throughout the college body. The first

 

Fi
=

O Rd te

CLLTA VE

eens
; thought of a fraternity nowadays, next to
seeing that its men satisfy the requirements
| Of the curriculum, is to make them get out
| into college activities and mix with their
: fellow students in a democratic way. In
| other words the aim of the fraternity is

to secure for its members a reputation for

congenial temper, character and onergy,
60 that when lined up with the other soci-
eties they shall rank as a fine set of ren
Now while this bears a close rose:nblance
; to the aima of an upperclass club at Princes
; ton, in other ways, say frar roity amen,
| the two forms are widely diferent in their
effects. Under the Princeton system mem-
bers are chosen at the end of sophomore

year, and those who have fai
tion at that time

u of an elec-
and there must necessarily

be many~—are apt to feel that they have
been tried and found wanting by their rel-
low students Inevitably college spirit is
weakened
It is claimed for the fraternity, on the
; other hand, that it is & far more agrevable
presence to the man who is not a member
In most colleges a fraternity elects nearly
| all its new members as soon as they enter
college, or within a month or 60 alterward
The basis for judgment is by no incans
adequate. Sometimes a new man has a
friend in the fraternity, sometimes his per-
sonal appearance and manners eain hin
admission and sometimes he cone: witha
reputation for proficieney in athletics or
iiterary work, Thus many good men are

clusiveness and arrogance, a spirit con-
trary to all ideals of democracy in college
life. Almost immediately a student or-
ganization opposed to their methods arose |
in every college where they e sisted, soon
uniting under the motto “Dikaia Upotheke |

(justice our foundation), to form a new | invariably overlooked

national fraternity known as Delta Upsilon, |

Almost seventy-three years old, this

—

MAKING A FORMAL GARDEN

DR. LANGTON'S WORK AT THE
HOME OF C.W. WALPIN.

 

Some Unusual Effects Precuced With Native
Stone—Pergoja With a Tea House at
Either End—Landscape Arebitects
Who Are Ignorant of Thetr Matertals.

These pictures show three views of the
gardens at the home of C. W. McAlpin,
near Morristown. They were designed by
Dr. Daniel W. Langton, the landscape
architect, and gave him a very interesting
problem in his profession. The home of
Mr. McAlpin adjoins that of his relative,
J. T. Pyle, and the families live in close
intimacy. Thus the gardens are intended
to connect the two houses. :

Following the principle that a gar’en
is an cutdoor room and should therefore
possess in a degree the privacy of a room,
the gardens are in the rear of the house,
although there are views of the garden to
be had from certain points on the road.
The places of Mr. McAlpin and Mr. Pyle
are about three miles out from Morristown,
on the road to Bernardeville.

The pergola which overlooks the formal
garden is finishe i at both ends with a tea
house like that shown in the picture. The
bed of poppies and iris is in the formal

 

 

SATERIOF OF PE

 

garden, which is especially interesting in
the use of award in a formal garden. This
has been rarely attempted in this country,
where flowers and the gravel walks are the
inevitable ornaments of the formal garden.
The use of the sward in this caee had a par-

|

|

|

|
|

sto

Not upcommonly a tan reft a
fraternity until he has been a year or two

Juit

   
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 

a -'

GOLA.

 

 

WILLiAMS COLLEGE.

 

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY, AUGUST 4, 1907.

(EE

oT,

 

in college. There are others whose families
object, and still others who think, they
cannot stand the expense. In addition to
these a large class of non-fraternity men
is comprised of those who show small
promise as freshmen, but develop by the
time they become upper class men

In these ways, it is explained, the non-
fraternity man, or neutral, has flo reason
to feel that he is in any sense an outcast.

He is in very good company, and there are

 

_©§ FORMAL GARDEN BELOW

 

PELTA OPSILON CHAPTER FHLOUSE AT UNIVER SITYO

!
plenty of reasons to explain the fact that

he is not a member of any fraternity. More-
over, there’is always the possibility of a
man's being invited to join later on in his
course,

But this, it is asserted, presenta only an
incomplete view of the situation. There is
much more to commend the system.

Membership in a fraternity does not
come as the goal of under class ambition

} and failure to attain it does not necessarily

   

were put into the garden. The tennis court | garden. Thearbor vital hedge which sepa- | as they are also arranged to serve for stor-
is reached by a flight of marble steps and | raves the formal garden from the house is

these are ornamented with two urns.
In the centre of the garden is the old

ticular purpose and was not put into the | stone fences. The picture shown here
garden merely for its beauty. On theeleva- |

tion at the side of the garden is a tennis | flowers had

court. It was desired that this should
be of turf. It was to preserve the unity of

this spring, before the
hed the perfection they
show in the bed beneath the tea house,
taken atalater date. Inepite of the use of

was taken earl

style in the garden that rectangles of eward | the sward thero is no lack of color in the

not of course the result of any recent land-
scape work, The same ground served

attained ita growth then.

Overlooking the formal garden is the
| pergola. It encloses a rectangle of sward
100 feet broad by 120 feet long. At either
end of the front of the pergola are the two
houses, They are in red brick faced with
stone. Their purpose is not purely social

s

Italian well, and the other decorations, in | formerly fora kitchen garden and the hedge |

addition to the six palms, are the Italian |

| ing garden tools. They cannot be closed
whatever the weather may be. The per-
gola is made of field stone which was gath-
ered in the neighborhood.
The pergolas are covered with various
| kinds of blooming vines. Their breadth
| is one peculiarity of the construction. The
average pergola is too small for more than
} one person to walk with comfort on the
path it covers. Dr. Langton, who has al-
ways becn prejudiced against these narrow

 

 

 

 

Pa
FLOUSE, WEL AMS CO

 

ICHIGA KE

 

; bring disappointment that lasts.
stullént becomes a junior he has learned
the true value of a fraternity. He sees it
in its true light as a useful agent in culture
and social intercourse.

But the barriers are down: he regards
his fraternity as a mere incident in his
college course, and among his classmates
he observes no such distinction as fra-
ternity and  non-fraternity. His judg-

, ment of others is based @ personal qualities,

 

 

pergolas, has made his gate five feet broad
80 that two persons may use the walk with
comfort and even be ,joined by a third
without discomfort. To accomplish this
the pergola has the unusual breadth of
ten feet. The photograph was taken be-
fore the vines, which now form a roof,
had grown to their fullest extent. The

etre

@ pergola, particularly where, as in this
case, they are contrasted with the red
brick tea houses. The effect in this case,
however, has been to diminish very charm-
ingly any possible exceas of color in the
material. Then there is the attraction
that always comes from using material
that is at home in the immediate neighbor-
hood.

The jars surmounting the steps of the
pergola were made in Italy for the purpose
in order to get them of the correct propor-
tions. Landscape architecture hus in Dr.
Langton’s opinion made a great advance
in this country during recent years.

“There are still many landscape archi-
tects, however,” he told THz SuN reporter,

| “who have not yet mastered the science
of working in the materials of their pro-
feasion. Thoy make the designs and hand
over the carrying out of details to men
who have learned what materials to use.
| It is, of course, just as necessary for a land-

 

  

SPER GOL ALY

 

| seape architect to understand his field
as it is for an architect to be able to make

| hia specifications. Yet some of the men
| who accomplished most in landscape archi-
tecture had slight knowledge of how to
work in their materials. Landscape archi-
tecture is becoming more of a science every
year, however; men are learning all ite
‘pranches. It still happens, however, that
many men who do landscape architecture
are no more than florists working under
the direction of architects,”

Before the |

   

—

; Same is true of alumni.

Ce res

and it is along these lines that his friendahips
deepen. The result is in the end a hearty
comradeship between fraternity men and
neutrals.

Thus « system of election which is hap-
hazard achieves its own useful ends. It
removes the stigma of the term non-fra-
ternity. And in addition it serves as a
great levelling influence among the fra-
ternities themselves, for when freshmen
are the candidates each fraternity has an
even chance to get ita share of the desirable
men. Moreover, the system brings all
four classes into close relation, giving
freshmen the benefits of upper clase super-
vision.

These are the arguments put forth by
the adherents of the system to prove its su-

 

, OA) FAT EPMIP >
4LEGE.

 

periority as a form of student club life.
But it has further advantages. These are
the opportunities it gives for intercourse
and friendships throughout the collegiate
world, and the exceptional privileges it
lays before the graduate.

In Williams, for example, all the fra-
ternities but one are national; that is, they
are merely chapters of a fraternity that is
represented in the same way at other col-
leges and universities all over the country.
Each fraternity holds a yearly convention,
at which delegates from all of ite chapters
are present. In visiting another college
a fraternity delegate naturally goes to the
chapter house and is weloomed for as long
a time as he cares to stay.

The broadening influence of such a con-
dition is obvious; an undergraduate at
Williams cannot fail to gain much from a
comparison of ideas with a fellow student
from the University of California. The
When in a college
town they drop in at their fraternity house,
stay to dinner, perhaps, and are thus
brought into touch with the undergraduate

| world.

|
|
|
|
{
}
|

But they also have a little world of their
own, for in most cities of any size graduate
members of a large national fraternity are
organized into fraternity alumni clubs,
which have dinners and smokers and occa-
sionally have quarters of their own. A’

| good instance of thie is the dinner given

|

rough stone pillars are unusual in building |

| he knew
schooner from Baltimore toCharleston, 8.C., |
and thence to this port; his visit to the

| building, but in all the

| deck, with all

saw caught recently while he was making a

to Gov. Hughes by the Delta Upsilon Club
of New York last March.

 

CAUGHT AN OCEAN SUNFISA.

Young Visitor at the Aquarium Tells of an
Interesting HAttie Sea Trip.

There dropped in at the Aquarium the |
other day a fine, healthy looking boy of 15 |
or 80, his face bronzed by wind and weather,
who wanted to see if he could find in the
Aquarium's collections a fish like one he |

 

 

 

little sea trip. He had sailed with a captain |
on a four masted Baltimore

Aquarium was made while the schooner was
lying here unloading.

They showed him around, all over the
pools and tanks there
was no fish like the one he sought. Then
they showed him a lot of pictures of fishes
of the various sorts that frequent the waters
in which the boy had sailed, and presently,
at sight of one of them:

“That's the fish,” said the boy. “We caught
one like that that weighed 500 pounds. Cap-
tain sighted it one day when we were coming
north and he headed ¢he schooner up for it
and got out the oon and the mate har-
pooned it and we hauled it on deck.”

The big fish that the box had thus seen
taken and whose general appearance he
had accurately described was an ocean
sunfish. The ocean sunfish is at home in
tropical and sub-tropical waters, but it ooca-
sionally strays further north; in these waters |
one was taken some years ago off Rockaway
Beach

It is an odd appearing fish, shaped some- |
what like a globe flattened at the sides, |
making it very deep and thick bodied. It |
has a tall fin rising from the upper part of its |
body and a long fin depending from the
lower, but instead of the familiar sort of tail
fin it has around that end of ite body a nar-
row weavy tin something like a ruffle.

An odd fish, sure enougn, 1s tne ocean
sunfish, and it grows to size and to
very considerable weight. he Loy didn’t |
say that they actually weighed the one that |
they caught on the ooner, but even count. |
ing its weight at 500 pounds it wasn’t the |
biggest ever. Ocean sunfish have been
taken measuring five or six feet in length
and eight feet deep from tip to tip of their
fins extended and weighing from 600 to 800 |
pounds. |

“We had & great time harpooning this big
fish and hoisting it in aboard,” the boy
said, “and when we had it lying there on |

hands look at it, the |
cat came to take a look too—they’ve got a |
|
nasium.
“But the cook didn’t let the cat suffer.
He mixed up some condensed milk with

big cat aboard that sails with the schooner
water right away and gave that tothe.

n
ar,

And when the cat came along the cook
slipped the end of its tail into the queer
Ash's mouth and the fish closed on it and
held the cat fast.

“And that scared the cat, of course,
but the fish didn’t bite ite tail very hard.
I guess it didn’t do it any damage, and in
a minute it let go; and when the cat jumped
the om waisted! , ; ‘ ‘

“We caught a oise goin own an
I skinned it to asa it, but had hard
work meoping that skin away from the oat.
Cats like fish, you know, and wherever
I put that 90 skin to dry the cat would
get at it, even when I tied it once in the
rigaing.

“So I spoke to the cook about that and
he said, ‘you put a little Pepper on it and
the cat won't trouble it.” got some red

per in the cook’s galley and sprinkled a
ittle of that on the porpoise skin and laid
it this time up on top of the cook's ley.
But the cat found it there and climbed
for it.

“You know how cats lick their food before
they begin to eat it? Well, the schooner’s
cat did just that when it had got up on the
roof of the galley alo’ de that parpoise
skin; it took just one along the top
part of the skin where I’d sprinkled the
red pepper and then it ete off the roof
of the galley down to t k and turned
somersets and flipflaps and went through
more gymnastics than you'd see in a gym-

s

cat any

  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
 

Association with men of his own fraternity
after graduation often proves also to be
of great value to a man in a business way.
Besides all this alumni always have the
freedom of the chapter house when return-
ing to their own college at commence-
ment time or on the occasion of an athletic
contest.

But with all ite advantages the modern
college fraternity has its faults. It not
infrequently boosts a man into a position
to which his merita do not entitle him.
The sin of extravagance, with which fra-
ternities are often charged, is less common
perhaps than is supposed. Fine houses
erected by aliimni subscriptions need not
imply expensive habits. They are built
to give dignity and weight to the chapter's
name.

Occasionally the societies which own
them are so heavily endowed that no dues
beyond the initiation fee are required of
members. This makes possible the elec-
tion of desirable men whose purses are
small.

But more frequently the erection of fine
houses tends to a condition that is
perhaps a chief evil in the situation A
chapter building a house generally finds it
necessary to borrow. This places a heavy
financial burden on the active membership.

To obviate this the house is built with
living accommodations for a large propor-
tion of members, the increased revenue
from rentals making it an easy matter to
carry the obligation and eventually pay
it off. As a result, where a dozen years
ago it was exceptional to have more than
seven men out of twenty-five or so room-
ing at the house, the newer lodges are built
to house from fifteen to twenty or even
more.

When men eat, sleep and atudy in the
same house it is clear that in the end it
will become harder for them to mingle
with their other fellow students. This
tendency is growing #o that there are
many leaders in educational work who
believe that eventually—fifty or a hundred
years henoe, perhape—the fraternities will
resolve themselves into separate colleges,
as at Oxford and Cambridge. It is not an
unusual, thing at the present time for
graduate studentse—candidates for the
mastes’s degree—to be living in the fra-
ternity house in the capacity of advisor .
and tutor to the undergraduate members.
In this the prophets see the nucleus of a
separate faculty.

With all the criticism of the fraternity
system it is an interesting fact that thirty
or forty years ago, before the question had
attracted the attention of the outside world,
open hostility between the fraternity and
non-fraternity elements was not uncom-
mon, actual rows even taking place, while
to-day the two are on the friendliest of
terms. The fraternity man is careful that
his manner shall betray no suggestion of
distinction between the two, and if the
subject comes up in conversation it is
mentioned in a humorous, matter of fact
way that carries no offence.

Extreme secrecy has disappeared and
fraternity men and neutrals frequently
laugh together over some funny incident
that happened “up at the house.” They
are frequently each other's guests at meal
tithe. Therefore many of those who are
in touch with academic life are inclined
to ridicule the fears of some modern critics.
The American college fraternity has been
developing for more than seventy-five
years, and during that time has rid itself
of its worst evils, they say.

 

 

cat and that took away the bite of the
pper. The cook was all right. "
iked a little joke but he wouldn't do th

harm.

“We did a little fishing on the way down,
off Cape Hatteras. We struck head winds
there and there wasn’t any use in thrashing
around in them and making no headway,
so the captain anchored there with two
enchors out and sixty or eighty fathoms
of chain on each and waited for better
weather, and while we were waiting there
the captain said I might try the black-
fishing.

“The sea wasn’t so very bad, but he wasn't
taking any chances, so he tied a rope around
my waist and then let me slide down to
the side of the vessel. where I could get my
line overboard. We didn’t have any live
bait and I got some pork from the cook
and put some chunks of that on the hooks.
I had five hooks on one line, with a half
pound sinker.

“‘Pay out on it till you, eet the slack,”
the captain said, and I did, and the it
hadn’t much more than touched bottom
before I felt the biggest kind of a tug and
began hauling in, and on that one d of
the line I got three blackfish weighing
three or four pounds apiece. Good black-
fishing there off Hatteras.”

“You must have enjoyed the trip,” they
said to him at the Aquarium.

“I certainly did,” said the a “Fine
captain, fine crew, fine schooner; it time
I ever had. I wouldn’t have missed it for
anything.”

nd while they have many interesting
visitors come to see them from many 8
of the world the Aquarium’s people wouldn't
have liked to miss this little visit of the
healthy, sunbrowned boy from Baltimore.

 

| Harbor Seals From the Coast of Maine.

Four young harbor seals have lately
been added to the Aquarium’s attractions
They came from Boothbay, Me.

Gen. Aleshire’s Plans for Improved Re-
moont System.

The new Quartermaster-General of the
army, Brigadier-General James B. Ale-
shire, entertains some ideas of his own
concerning what is known as the remount
system; that is, the sources of supply of
horses for military use.

Some idea of the number of horses needed,
Rays Borper’e Weekly, may be gained by
the fact that there will be required to equip
the army as at present organized “

engineers,

horses as follows: Cavalry, 12,215;
artillery, 3,450; infantry, 600;

281; Signa! Corps, 200; Medical Department,
430; hospital sections, 32; ambulance com-
pany sections, 44; division and department

eadquarters, 5; general depots, &c., 7;
Military Academy. 215. Should an emer-
gency require an increase in the army, it
will be necessary to provide 8,524 ridin
horses, 72 draught horses, 4,100 draugh
mules, 132 pack mules and 187 riding mules,

It is Genera) Aleshire’s idea that there be
established in his office a remount division
which shall have charge of the establish-
ment of depots for the purchase of young
horses for both cavalry and artillery (from
three to four years old) to conform with
prescribed specifications, and to be held
at Capote until they are in condition and
of sultable age for issue to troops (gener-
any from

& .
available are near Springfield, Ohio,
the vicinity of Lexington or Danville, K
in Virginia near Washington, near Pla
pre in Missouri, in the Sequoia National
Park, and the Yosemite National Park in
California.

The advantages of the remount system
include the supply to the army of young,
fresh, 60’ and well broken horses;
creation of a market for young horses;
the prolongation of the life or period of
duration of the animal with a correspond-
ing reduction in expenditures; the afford-
ing of time and means to properly handle
and break young horses; the establishment
of uniformity as to conformation, action
&o.; and the standardization of a special
type which would be understood by breed-
Sunibarg care; and tually, the oquapepens
sanitary cars; y, equipment
of the United States army with the best
mounts of any army in the world,

six to nine months).
the places which are regardod oe