—

 
  
 

borwck

Yin
tate

tae

MITTEN SLEEVE NOW

Fashion Jumps From One Ex-
treme to Another.

LONG, SWIRLING SKIRT LINES.

Forecasts of Fall Modes From French.
Resorts.

The Short Siceve Fad at the Climax of ite
Career This Sommer —Change in Fash-
fon Will Reduce Glove Bilis—Empire
Effects Dying Hard—Soutache Em
broidery Retains Ite Vogue—The Pink
Frock Immensely Modish-A Decided
Fancy for Relleving White Gowns
With Touches of Black Taffeta—The
Contrasting Hat Now the Correct Thing.

Still the accounts of costumes worn
during the Paris season are rolling in and
reports from Deauville-Trouville and other
smart watering places tell of ravishing
midsummer toileta which have been
reserved for the delectation of the fashion-
able crowds gathered together at casino,
private féte or racihg’ events, for the Pa-
risiad lias her races throughout the summer
as Well ae during the Paris season. The

’
rrr es

pr =~
ett

? = = rd
rs Tea ee
BT Tee ue

 

HEAVY NET.
smartest of the Parisian smart folk are in
evidence at the racing events all around
the Normandy cirpwt, and the Grande
Semaine at Deauville-Trouville brings out
almost as marvellous a display of clothes
as the Grand Prix itself.

There is prophecy lurking in the folds of
the Trouville frocks if one can but read
the messages, and buyers, dressmakers
and ‘all of the guild whose business it is to
note every slightest shadow thrown before |
by coming vagaries of fashion are fre-.
quénting the favorite haunta of the fashion-
able folk, eyes and brain alert and often
notebook in hand. |

No one can say absolutely what the |
autumn season will bring forth. Modes |
will be tested and thrown aside, surprises
will be launched in the late season, all ¢he
familiar comedy will be gone through with
again; but the summer frocks do give some
indication of fashion tendencies; and
through certain women who are famous
for their toilets and may be depended
upém to give a new fashion its chance the

,dressmakers experiment at Trou-
with ideas which they hope to em-
plabize later on. ° , .

A well known buyer writes that out of the
bewildering chaos of exquisite materials,
intricate trimming, 4o., a few significant
facts stand forth and are, in his estimation,
worth noting. The mitten sleeve, trans
parent, long, clinging, falling over the hard
eo far that in some instances it-is held down.

 

LINEN AND IRISH LACE

by a tiny thumb strap, has. been worn by
several of the women whose verdict has
much todo with Parisian modes, and though
pot yet popular bids fair to be taken up toa

/-wery considerable extent.

“, Shall, see the mitten sleeve upon p

'“problem during the summer for many

' wash leather, chamois, 4&c., for. common

The short sleeve fad has been carried to
the point of caricature and has had a
long career. So some change is due;
and while the short sleeve will unquestion-
ably be much worn throughout the summer

and will always have its place for certain

types of dress it seems probable that we

many of the dressy frocks in the autumn
and the prospect isa pleasant one.
Incidentally it will make a difference in
glove bills, for the long glove proposition
has been a serioug one to women of mod-
erate income and even in Paris the price of
gloves has gone up on account of the
searcity of kid. The silk glove settles the

women, but the silk glove is never smart
for dress and fashionable women prefer

use.

The loose wash leather gloves are correct
with mourning frocks, for driving, &c.,
and for dressier wear the soft long glove
of yellowish tone or palest biscuit or gray
is more chic than white, though a majority
of. the women cling to the white glove be-
cause it cleans more readily and more often
Shan agy colored glove aud is in conae-

  

_| elbow the sleeve fits closely and some sort

great |

SS

ds of the long white gloves are de-
moralized beyond hope, the owner etill sends
the gloves to the cleanser, for the long
arms of the gloves will clean indefinitely,
and having been cut off at the wrist may be
worn with short gloves, the point of union
being concealed among the wrinkles at the
wrist.

But to return to the long sleeves, the
upper part of the new sleeve ia usually but
little changed, though some lovely sleeve
designs are in such sheersmaterial aa chif-
fon or net finely tucked in horizontal linea
elong the inner arm down to a point just
, alow the elbow and fall in a drooping,

|
|

 

GOWN OF VALENCIENNES AND EMBROIDERED BATISTE WITH GIRDLE AND TRIMMING OF BLACK TAFFETA.

 

quence more practical. Even after the

 

 

 

 

held just below the bust curve hy a girdle
of black Liberty eatin; and the guimpe
and chip draped sleeves are of lace and
chiffon

This model might be attractively carried
out in a much simpler frock, eliminating
the costly embroidery and intruating the
cachet, of the frock to the oddly trim
negligence and grace of line.

Soutache embroidery retaine ite vogue
and adorns even the filmiest of stuffs,
mousseline de eoie, batiste, &o., but in
such trimming everything depends upon
the celverness with which the embroidery
is applied and the originality and charm

 

 

clinging puff so far down, while below the | of the design; and the machine soutaohing

applied to certain pretentious though in-

of short cap or kimono drapery forms an | ¢xpensive frocks shown in some of the

outer sleeve.
short the tucked and soft falling sheer puff |
is liked. The best of the mew tailored
frocks show a disposition toWard long
sleeves.

The skirts, which with the sleeves always
mark the changing lines of fashion more
noticeably than any other features of
frocks, are, if one may judge from the |
most authoritative of the midsummer
modela, narrowing somewhat and more
clinging thanever, long, swirling lines being
sought and an absence of trimming or
merely a flat bottom trimming accentuating
the impression: of length. Many of the
smartest summer skirts ehow but little
fulness at the waistband, though the bottom
width is still great, even though diminishing
a little.

|
Empire effects die hard, though fashion
ohroniclers have been asserting their down- |

of charming frocks are to be seen with the
familiar shortened waistline, though there
are few Expire coats, and the waist shorten-
ing in many cases is hardly enough to de-

Apropos of modified Empire effects, a

fall all during the last season, and a host |

a

serve the name of Empire. |

frock of heavy net, sketched for one of

of Empire and jumper ideas achievei by
one of the most famous of the Parisian

needs careful making, but is charming
in a deceitful simplicity and graceful of
line.

The Empire skirt falls in long, clinging |

the smail cuts, shows a chic combination |

|

dresamakers. The model is extreme and |

 

Even when the sleeve is | #hons is a far ory from modish elegance.

We have often spoken of redingotes

}

 

 

DOTTED AND PLAIN

THE SUN, SUNDA

the low cut neck and the armholes and

 

 

4

        

| modele of this sort multiply as the season |
| vivid tones, such as peacock blue, lettuce |

advances. The coat illustrated here was
an attractive example of the possibilities
in this idea and was in a delicate rose petal
pink tussor embroidered in self-tone and
relieved by |jines of black on collars an
cuffs. A princess oekirt and overbody
of the material untrimmed at the bottom
but braided slightly over the shoulders
and an under blouse of the sheerest creamy
batiate and lace, with jaboting lace edged

coat.

Pink is much worn in all the delicate
shades, and sheer frocks of rose petal pink
mousseline de soie or chiffon trimmed in

ee

 

 

——.

lace or hand embroidery, are immensely
modish. All old ideas as to appropriate
combinations of material and trimming |
have been done away with, and not only |
soutache but heavier silk galons are fre- |
quently used upon the vaporous stuffs. |

One exquisite pale pink frock worn dur-
ing the Grand Prix week in Paris, and much
commented upon by the critics, was of
mousseline de soie, trimmed in wide silk
galon matching the material and also em-
broidered lavishly in self-tone soutache;
and a frock of corn color gros tulle also
had a trimming of wide corn color silk
gaion, but combined with heavy Iris! lace
and valenciennes.

Irish lace and valenciennes or valenci-
ennes and cluny appear together upon
a majority of the elegant lingerie and mous-
seline gowns, and hand embroidery of one
kind or another is mingled with the laces.
The openwork English embroidery, which
lost caste somewhat for a time, appears
more frequently as the season advances, |
but is used with more reserve and discre-
tion than formerly and in combination |
with other trintmings.

One of the small pictures will give a good
idea of the way in which trimmings are
combined even upon a frock of seeming .
simplicity. This white mousseline de soie ,
has English openwork embroidery wheels
of valesciennes and motifs of heavy !rish
crochet cleverly associated in skirt and
bodice trimming, and the crowning note of

| coquetry is given to the costume by one |

{
{
|

of the taffeta fichus of which we have
spoken before now, and which are beloved
of Parisians at the moment. The fichu |
in question was of old gold chiffon taffeta |

folds and is hand embroiciered in self-color and long paletots made in everything | embroidered in bleu ciel and was the only

soutache fully half way to the waist. The

from batiste or silk mousseline to tussor | Colorful note in the white toilette, but gave
softly plaited corvage is soutached and | and linen and almost entirely covered ; an accent purely French to the demure |
finished im embroidered scallops around with elaborate soutache embroidery, and White mouseeline.

frille down the front, accompanied the |

. 1907.

_ Absinthe greén, old rose aad even more

‘or emerald green and violet, are worn in
these taffeta fohus as well as in the little
| boleros, kimono coatees, &0., which are
| for slipping on'over sheer frocks of white
| or neutral tint.
There is a decided fancy for the relieving
| of all white frocks by touches of black
| taffetas, and while this detracts from the
| traditional jeune fille character of white
muslins it constitutes an‘ air eminently
| Parisian.
| toilette of the central sketoh which achieved
great success.
There was a robe of valenciennes almost
| hidden under wide panels of white batiste

» | embroidered by hand in very large dote

‘and having big embroidered scallops along
| all the edges. A cravat, girdle, sleeve
| fold and soft tasseled scarfs falling from
| the armholes in front were of black chiffon
| taffeta. With this fpook was worn a big
black hat loaded with plumes of brillant
canary yellow.
Panels of lace or heavy embroidery ex-
tending the full length of bodice and ekirt
= front are popular and many models
| of sill mouaseline, lingerie stuff, £o., have
| these panela of very heavy Irish lace broad-
ening on the bodice to form shoulder dra-
pery, loose short . coat
trimmings calculated to give the popular
| shoulder and sleeve lines. °
The obliteration ofthe armhole li
is accomplished in various waysand a

showing the line in which the sleeve and

shoulder join is almost unheard of. A
good coat model whose sleeve is a cross
twixt cape and kimono sleeve, was a feat-
ure of a smart linen frock of which « sketch
is reproduced here, and ie not a difficult
model for copying, though it has an exocel-
lent air. ’

The white linen skirt, of the finest home

 

ROSE MOUSSELINE.

woven Irish linen, was untrimmed eave
for bias folds of the linen, the top fold
trimming at each side of the front and oon-
tinuing up to the waistband. The coat, of
the loose cut away type, whioh, for all
their negligent looseness, do slightly de-
fine the figure lines, waa of heavy Irish
crochet trimmed in bias bands and but-
tons of the linen. The blouse was of va-
lenciennes and Irish ani a little cravat
contributed the modish note of black; but
the hat was all of brilliant copper color.

The contrasting hat is the correct thing
and some of these plumed hates are as vivid
| as they are handsome. Flower laden hate
are, however, obtaining their innings at
last and big hate on which blossoms are
heavily massed vie with the feather trimmed
millinery at Trouville.

There is a fad for pure white flowers
| and foliage—leaf, flower and stem all dead,
frosty, white floral ghoste—and huge roses
of this type are used on large hate of white
tulle net or braid and are used too upon
hats of pale tint. We saw a lovely hat of
palest pink tulle and white lace, trimmed
with pink velvet ribbons and great ghostly
rose clusters, worn on @ restaurant terrave
the other night in association with a frock
of the same very pale pink in silk gauze
and valenciennes, and with morning and
afternoon frocks modish women are wear-

ee SE

 

 

 

LINEN AND SOUTACHE.

ing large hats of colored straw in light tint
massed with frosty white flowers and foliage.
White morning glories are, next to roses,
the favorites among these freak flowers.
Handsome ribbons share ti hon.
ors with flowers upon the blossom laden
hats and ribbons assume an important
place in frock ornamentation. Tiny ruches
of soft satin ribbon trim sheer silk mousse-
lines and other summery stuffs, outlining
inset lace motifs or bands, edging bodice
draperies and wandering wherever they
will add to the effectiveness of the design.
Ribbons are used for the striping of thin
stuffs, running the full length of the skirt
and introduced in various ways upon the

| bodice. Wide pompadour ribbon is set into

sheer material with lace insertion and forms
girdles, shoulder draperies, sashes and
coats.

One pretty white gauze had a wide band
of pompadour ribbon let into the skirt
with a narrow band of lace on each side
of it, and a battleffent design in fine white
satin ruching crossed both lace and ribbon
and extended for four inches on the skirt
material at each side of the band cee

Pompadour ribbon was used for gi
and sash ends,

High Time te Be Cautious.
From Harper's Weekly.
He-—So you insist in breaking off the en-
gugement?

She--Most decidedly. What do you take

ovegit may be your last ¢

Take, for example, the race |

effect or other |

} shoul

 

 

about forty. Better think *|
hance.

impo

rtant Notice |

  

“7

Previous to moving into our New Store we
purpose to close out every remaining sum=

White Serge Suits

Former prices $38, §
Reduced to.....,

Former. prices $35 and $38.
Reduced to

Reduced to kas
Braided Linen Suits

Reduced to

Former prices $40 and $45.
Reduced to...............055

Taffeta Jumper Suits

Former price $45.
Redu to

 

 

Cian asa 60 csnnneenvees

Also odd lots
Summer Travelling Coats,

 

Special

 

2.45
3.85
4.35

4.00 Waists at
5.50 Waists at
6.50 Waists at

eee ee

 

and the balance of the week

We offer the following attractive and most
unusual Bargains

$48 and $58.

Tailored French Linen

Formér prices $35 and $38.

Former prices $40, $48 and $53.

Summer Weight Cloth Suits

er eee ew eweee eeeeee

500 More of Those Pure
Irish Linen Skirts

Direct from our own workrooms in different

Real Value $12.50.
The greatest linen skirt bargain in New York.

of beautiful Lace Coats, Linen Coats, *

 

 

Broadway, Seventeenth &

 

mer garment regardless of cost.
For To-Morrow

 

$24,75
$47,50

$18,090

Suits

- Lingerie and Princess Dresses =

$23.00
$22.50

 

$19.75

 
   

Rajah and Pon silk

trimmed Coats that we are closing out at HALF PRICE.

Sale of

Lingerie Waists

 

7900 IN A VARIETY OP BEAUTIFUL EFFECTS AT THE
FOLLOWING GREAT REDUCTIONS:—

$3.00 Waists at...... seaaas $1.85 | $7.50 Waists at

10.50 Waists at............ 6.85
16.50 Waists at -.. 9.88
25.00 Waists at.............12,50

We advise your early attention to these most remark-
able, offerings.

Eighteenth Sts.

 

 

a a

THR ABANDONED —

JUST THE PLACE FOR A HOME,
THE BACHELOR GIRL. FINDS.

'

Refrigerator Simply Grand te Staff Things |
In-Get Tube Invaluabic for Hats and

Ghees—Endices Possibilities in Kitchen
Cabinete—The Maddening Dumbwaiter

“I'm thinking of writing a little book of
instructions giving suggestions as to the |
transforming of an abandoned apartment |
house kitchen into a living room,” remarked |
a gummer student, as she placed her best
hat in the top of the refrigerator and care-
fully arranged her shoes in the set tubs.
“It's all right once you put your imagina-
tion to work and get over being too fussy
about the exact fitness of things.

“You see where two or more apartments
are used together and there's only one
kitchen in use there’s bound to be an odd
kitchen or two left over, and these rent like
hot cakes to girls who realize the poesi-
bilities and know how to make the most of |
the kitchen equipment which is there and
has got to efay, no matter how much one
might be willing to pay for its removal.

“Take my refrigerator, for instance. I |
couldn't for a moment get along without it. |
It's the grandest place in the world for
stuffing away things.

“A hat or two can easily go in the top

tt, where the ice really belongs,
and then the shelves below are five for lay-
ing out one’s lingerie waists. One girl
I know has made pasteboard slides for each
shelf and has them padded and perfumed
just ae daintily as if they were intended
for the most elaborate chiffonier. ‘

“In my book of instructions and sugges-
tions I shall devote an entire chapter to set
tub possibilities. Asa receptacle for shoes
and bate they are simply invaluable.

“One clever girl I know has arranged a
sort of inner lining for her tubs, something
on the order of an ordinary shoe bag, with
ever so many pockets and straps. This
lining ahe tacks to the inside framework of
the tubs, above the zinc. The pockets
hold shoes, slippers and overshoes, inside
the straps she keeps her shoehorn, button-
hook and a couple of blacking brushes,
while in the flat space at the bottom of the
tub she keeps her shoe blacking supplies.

“Another ingenious girl hae fitted up her
eet tub like a hat trunk, with supports such
as are secon in the trunks one buys espe-
cially for hats. Five hats can be kept beauti-
fully inside a tub, one at the bottom and one
on each of the four sides It’s a great
echeme!

“When closed the tubs may be arranged
to present almost any appearance, accord-
ing to the whim of the girl who occupies
the room. Sometimes a girl chooses the
tubs for her dressing table, sets a mirror up
across the back and arranges all her toilet
articles on the broad surface. But I think
this is a mistake, as it makes quick access

© tubs an | ibility.

Tne best = hey yy use the top of the set
tube for a tea table or desk. The tea things
can be placed on a tray, so that everythi
can be removed at once and the interior o}
the tubs easily reached. When the desk
a ement is preferred, a flat board
be covered with a large sheet of
blotti poner and all the equipment ar-
ranged on this. Ata moment's notice the

thing may be removed and the top
of the tub quickly lifted.

“When it comes to what is eaually called
the kitchen cabinet, the possibilities are
almost endiess. If the cabinet has glass

ma

doore be lined with colored
Se s that the contents of the

 

(,LOVE

Distinctive in Style
AA} and Quality.
A PURE DYE.

Improved Double Finger
Tipped Silk Glove — for
well-groomed women.

‘dontified by " Ivanhoe” on hem—pro-ur
otle at glove counter of lead'ng stores.
U.S. Patent 627,704.

 

Q@e=_ee_eaeae__e

shelves will be concealed. A favorite
adaptation of these shelves is to use the
lower one as a dressing table,

“When the door of the cabinet opens
there is the first shelf spread with all sorts
of silver articles, and at the back, between
the first and second shelf, may be placed a
long, low mirror. This may be easily
lifted out and ut on @ table when a full
length view is desired.

“Skirts may be laid at full longth on the
upper shelves and the glass doors ‘keep out
dust most effectually. Underneath
shelves, in the large cupboard intended for
bulky kitchen utensils, may be screwer
a few dress hooks, as the space is usually
sufficiently high for the hanging of waists
and short coats, ' .

“The regular kitchen closet be easi!\
transformed into a dress closet simply
taking down the two lower shelves and )'-
Cag up a few dress hooks. Oné fortunat»
girl whose kitchen closet boasts a woode
roller intended for a roller towel ,
} ly WE for half a

ozen coat hangers, a points w oride
to this method of utilizing the a ent

of a modern apartment house kitchen.
all things elee I shall advise

of the dumbw: >
dumb only in name and in the
world is so maddening as the bumpoty -
wp tad down the ehafe delivering eupiies
up an nD eupplics
an th top floor ve. *
ing on the top away,entirely

with annoyance abe enables the
ocoupant of the top floor kitchen to utiliz»
eS SOD, of the ee shaft for, all
80) of purposes. It's nicest place
imaginable for hat boxea, and sometimes
two or three may be piled on top of #av!:
other in this open space. All that’s neces
eer to put a firm pasteboard over the
bottom of the shaft and take caré that the
ropes are not interfered with. .

“Sometimes a set of tempor: shelves
may be ingeniously arranged, wiureh
case the top of the shaft makes a fine book -
caso. It's a great scheme, and for this
reason I shall make a special point of recom-
mending the kitchen of a top floor apar'-
ment in preference to any other.”

in

a
Treating the Sex Fairly. .
From the New Orleans Times. Dame rat

“Me father,” sald Mrs, Murphy, “always gts
whin a ladv enthers the room.” f

“The ould man ts too suspictous.” , Murpry
arunted. “! never seen the woman yit that vd
be mane enough to hit ye when ye was sittin’ dowa.”