LITTLE §THINGS OF DRESS

 

DAINTY ACCESSORIES
TRANSFORM FROCKS,

Guaimpes and Cellars of Lace and Embrotde
ory Maoh Used This Summer --Designs
Prettier Than Ever Before—Varted
Color Schemes —Wenderful Littic Coats.

The little drese accessories of embroidered
lingerio stuff, linen and lace are legion this
summer and many of them are very lovely,
furnishing to the home made frock the
needed touch of daintiness of which the
bome dressmaker is incapable and making
transformations of costume possible with
a basis of but one foundation frock. But
alas, the prettiest of these little things are,
as 4 rule, 80 expensive that one might al-
most have two frocks for the sum to which
that added touch of ready made daintiness
brings the cost of the frock.

Hand embroidery and good laces are
always expensive, and these are the first
principles of fine lingerie and linen novelties,
but many @ woman considers the money
well spent when a handsome collar or
guimpe will give her whole costume an air.

The mania for jumper frocks has nat-
urally brought about an effort to supply
guimpes to suit all tastes and purses, and
while great numbers of cheap and coarse
guimpes are on the market it is now quite
possible to buy really fine and lovely
guimpes which have*yoke and sleeves at-
tached to a thin muslin waist and conse-
quently fit well and keep in place.

The jumper bodice, supposedly for wear
over any thin lineire or lace blouse, does
not ueually look so well over the ordinary
lingerie b.ouse as over sleeves and yoke
especially designed for such use, and it is
a comfortable thing to be able fo buy an
attractive guimpe ready made and needing
little if any alteration. Net and lace, val-
enciennes and cluny or Irish, lingerie ma-
terial hand embroidered and lace trimmed
are the chosen materials.

Of separate guimpes and yokes there isa
plentiful supply, and whether one wants a
plain, well shaped yoke of baby Irish or
cluny, a simple yoke of hand embroidered
linon or batiste, or a complicated and elab-
orate combination of lace, embroidery,
tucking, &c., one has but to look about in
order to find what will answer the purpose.
These guimpes are in various shapes and
depths, and many of them are finished at
the bottom so that they may be used as
yokes set on the outside of the blouse if one
prefers to apply them in that fashion.

Collars of all kinds are lovelier than
ever before. Of the high turn down linen
collars, hand embroidered, we have had
much to say before now. Their vogue
endures, but the smarter models incline
more and more to openwork effects pro-
duced by English openwork embroidery,
inset lace, &c., and collars having the turn-
over part entirely of real baby Irish are
much fancied by the fashionable contingent.

Collar and cuff coat sets repeat the ideas
exploited in the blouse collars and are
embellished with hand embroidery and
often with small motifs of cluny or real
Irish crochet. Collars and cuffs of colored
linen embroidered in white or in a deeper
shade of the foundation color are smart
on some frocks, and seta in white linen
embroidered iu color look well upon coats
of the same color as the embroidery.

White or écru linen embroidertd in the
clear browns are remarkably effective,
and when the brown is of a somewhat light
saddle color are worn with coat suits of
many colors other than brown.

Brown shoes, belt, bag, collar embroidery,
ecarf or cravat, hat and parasol look ex-
tremely well with either blue or green
and are good when worn with a white serge
or other all white costume. The turn
down embroidered collars for wear with
blouses echo this fancy for colored em-
broidery, and delightful little seta are shown,
including a collar buttonholed in color
apd embroidered in colored dots and a
flat little double cravat or rabat of the same
linen buttonholed around the edges with
the color and embroidered in dota to match
the collar. These are shown in Danish

blue, browns, black and rose embroidery
and consort well with linen frocks in the
color of the embroidery.

Aside from the regulation coat collara
there are more pretentious and original

THAT

—— ee ee

collars in many designs, and certain fichu |

like ‘shoulder draperies of embroidered
and lace trimmed mul! or batiste mark
the vogue of the V shaped blouse cut and
the broad shoulders, Some most attrac-
tive little sleeveless boleros with such
shoulder drapery, all in lace and em-
broidered batiste or linen, are among the
new things, and there are flat collarlike
embroidered pieces, broad on the shoulder
and narrowing to points front and back,
the two points crossing in surplice fashion
and fastening to a girdle in front and in
the back

Handsomely embroidered collars cut
round and not too deep and continuing
in deep stolelike pboints to the waistline
in front are other French importations.

Chemisettes made with round yoke
and close standing collar and fluffy lace
trimmed frills running down the fronts
to the waiatline are offered for use with
bodices slightly open in front or cut in a
very deep V, as are so many of the jumper
bodices.

Little skeleton waistcoats of pique or
linen, plain or embroidered, white or col-
ored, have the regulation waistcoat fronts
and merely straps between the armholes
in the back and at the waistline in the back.
These give a very fresh and smart air to
the plain tailor coat and skirt costume,
as do the waistcoats of toile de Jouys or
cheaper but effective cretonne which,
however, have been shown by only one or
two importers, though they have been
considerably worn in Paris.

When one comes to the subject of the
innumerable little coate of lace or lingerie
there: is an embarrassment of riches and
80 complex are the designs of a majority
of the models that descriptions seem use-
less. Everything from the most diminu-
tive of boleros to the short, loose paletot
and pony coat is in evidence and hand
embroidery, soutache embroidery, laces,
crocheted passamenterie ornaments, fast-
enings, buttons and fringes are pressed
into service for the beautifying of these
little garments. Incidentally it may be
mentioned that one can now pick up im-
ported models of this [character at very
low prices.

 

Roque.
From the Home Magazine.

The highest form of croquet is called roque,
played with smaller implements throughout,
and it is in this game and in what we may
term advanced croquet that the scientific pos-
sibilities have been reached in full. Roque is
played om @ canvas covered or smooth dirt
court that is kept as level as any billiard table.

Around the borders, as in the real scientific
croquet, are placed boards or beams, from
which the balls rebound and afford countiess
opportunities for carom shots, familiar to ail
billiard players. Such a border can be built
Sround any lawn croquet court, and will add
immensely to the sport.

Balls made of wood, however, wiil not re-
bound from the border as effectively as those
made ef hard rupber. Hard rubber balls are
always used in roque.

|
|
|
|
|
|
|

KENNELMAIDS.

Engiish Girt Who Has Tried It Advises the
Occupation.

An English girl, writing to the Queen,
announces that she has led the way to a
new avocation for women. She isa kennel-
maid,

A friend who saw her doctoring an in-
jured dog not only suggested the work
but persuaded a well known master of
hounds to make the experiment.

The M. F. H. was by no means loath to
try it. He had found it extremely difficult
to secure conscientious, skilful and reliable
kennelmen, and the notion of -a kennel-
maid appealed very forcibly to him.

“To a true lover of animals my duties are
not arduous,” writes the new kennelmaid.
“They consist in a thorough superintendence
of the kennels-—boys under me do all the
rough work—and a personal supervision
of the hounds themselves. 1 soon know
each one by name, find that each has. ite
own separate peculiarity as has a child,
and that each individual idiosyncrasy of
temperament must be studied, and it is
not long before Lam friends with them all.

 

BEAUTY MAKING IN LONDON |

A SHORT LESSON IN THE ART |

OF BEING PRETTY.
- -—

Preparation for a Five O'clock Tea —ling-
Neh Methods of Preparing the Mair and
Toucting Up the Compiexion-—The
Proper Use of Many Totiet Accessories,

“They aay of me now that I light up well,”
| said a pretty woman, “but before I went

said of me that I did not know how to light
up at all.
“It ia not every woman who lights up

complish this is immensely valuable. The
woman who can make herself look pretty
im the evening is able to fascinate her friends.

“Lighting up well depends largely upon
the condition o° the hair. Disorderly
hair ie never bepoming.

“I keep my hair well shampooed, eo that
| it is always light and full of life. This is
important, aa the hair soon gete limp and

 

“Then my lady has her pug doge and some | lifeless in’ hot weather; and unless it is

 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

beautiful Maltese terriers, whom I wash |
daily in a well appointed’dogs’ bathroom,
and take out for regular constitutionals.
A long country walk through flelds and by
hedges, with a dozen or so dogs at my heels,
is of all things what I most love; far, far
sooner would I be out with them than with
the pampered, well fed, stupid ghildren
of the rich, whom I should have had to accom-
pany had { taken a post, as first intended, of |
nureery governess. |

“These animals, at least some of therm, re-
spond so eagerly to a little attention, and a
dog love once gained ia never lost--a dog
friend is yours till life's end. I had to re-
mark this trait with reservation, a6 one of
my charges, a French poodle, never made |
the slightest response to my advances.

“He was proud, unapproachable, reserved
tothelast. But then, poor creature, he car-
ried such a pedigree that he was hardly
likely to condescend to lesser souls!

“The greatest difficulty against which | |
had to guard was their very real jealousy. ,
From the beginning I had to avoid showing
one more than another any peculiar sign of |
affection; they were capable on slight provo-
cation of literally rending one another to
pieces.

“The young peonle of the house, too, had
their domestic pets, and at some time or
other my cottage would open its door to
take them all in -squirrels, white rata,
guinea pigs and such like and when the
family went away for holidays they found
comfort in leaving these pels to my care, |
sure that they would be well fed and looked
after. Even the sitting hens came in for a
share in my ministrations. {

“As salary I was allowed one of the lodgers |
adjoining the kennels rent free, with fire and
lights, and a guinea a week princely re-
muneration,”

|
|
|
|
|
|

 

PILLOWS FOR THE SICK, |
Have Plenty of LAttie Ones to Tack In |
Around an tnvatid.

There is no problem more difficult of |
solution than how to make a long stay in
bed or a convalescing period comfortable |
for the patient. ‘

Pillowa, pillows, pillows, a score or more
of them, is the solution, says the Circle. |
Not full sized heavy feather pillows, but
amall light wool, down, hair, or even balm
cushions are the comforts which ease the
patient’s tired muacles.

They sbould be in sizes ranging from
ten to eighteen inches in length and from
eight to twelve inches wide, or they can be
made sauare. The larger ones are ex-
cellent if made of hair and tufted like a
mattress.

These little cofhfort eushions can be
slippedeunder the neck, at the small of the
back, under the knees or heels, and placed
where a tired arm cap rest comfortably
upon them; thie for the patient in bed. .

When ‘the patient is sitting up the pil-
lows can be tucked in all the hollows, and
are especially useful in preventing that
awful ache where the bend of the knees
reste against the chair.

These small pillows alao fit nicely in the
hollows of the regular bed pillows when
the patient sits up in bed, and they are
convenient for the nurse to rest her elbow
or neck upon if she has to support the pa-
tient for any length of time. A good
round dozen of these cushions will not be
too many and they will be found an in-
valuable aid to both nurse and patient.

 

SOCIETY AT ASCOT,

Most Fashionable of English Races —The
Royal Enclosure.

Aacot ia the race meeting best patronized
by royalty and English society, although
the amaller course at Newmarket ia a great
favorite with the King and hia frienda.

Ascot week sounds the first note of the
decline of the London season, says Town
and ‘‘ountry. It is situated near Windsor,
and consequently not far from London.

who have count houses and
estates in the neighbor either enter-

‘ook
or let their residences, servants and all
to a great advantage.
from the castle
to the course one of the events of the
meeting.
There
in both England and America concerning the
enclosure.
been

tain large parties themselves for the w
The house party at Windsor with visiti
royalties is ane of the features of the Ascot,

and the royal
has been much agitation recently
This is a space originall:
reserved for the sov his = and

personal guests, but the latitude has

much extended and it is the subject, a
women especially, of intment
heartache ae well as exultation and ‘rump,
Americans have been favored
by admission to the royal 4 ‘

once. Unless you do this your hair will
have a ragged look. That is the difference
bet ween the work of a professional and that
of an amateur.’

“Before she put away the rouge she

| rubbed a little of it into some cold cream,
| and with this she went all over my face.

It gave me that fashionable, rosy look

| which one muat have in summer, as though

to London to take lessons it used to be |

!

well, yet the knowledge of how to acoom- |

|
|

|

\/Z

well washed there ie nothing that can be |
done with it.

| brought out my supply of curling tongs,

“My first social afternoon in London |
} was an important one. An English tea, |
as [| well knew, would extend well into 6 |
o'clock, and there might be candles and
electrics before my return. It was, there-
fore, imperative to look nice

“Some one had recommended a beauty
| parlor to me, and I telephoned to it for
assistance. The answer came back that |
a maid would call upon me immediately
and that I was to have the dressing table
set for her. .

“Much in doubt aa to what would be
required by the maid | went to work to
‘arrange the table as a beauty parlor. |

lamape, lotions, creams and’ manicure im- |

plements. And then | sat down to await
the maid, who arrived astonishingly soon.

“It is one of the charming things about |

London that you can telephone for a lady's
maid and have one within half an hour.
In exactly twenty minutes there stood
before me one of the most capable young
persons I had ever beheld

“I placed myself in her hands. Although
the process took over an hour, it was highly
satisfactory. She began with hair wav-
ing, and, with quick touches she tossed
my hair this way and that, giving it little
pinches with the tongs and working at it
with her hands until she had shaped the
colffure.

“As it was a daylight function she elected
to dress my hair rather low and to wave it
up high on each side away from my fore-
head. The middle she pulled down into
something that resembled a point. And
then she waved and waved,

“She chose not the old Marcel but the new
scallop, and she workdd it deftly. She
used ordinary, medium = sized curling
tongs which she heated in an electric stove,
and she had pinchers for the little love
locke at my ears.

“The lovelocks she twisted into a wheel
about as big around as a quarter and
pinched with her hot tongs until they
made the loveliest little wisps, all curling
and shiny, that you ever saw. ‘Your ears
are a trifle large,’ said she, ‘and these will
cover them up a little and make them look
babyish.’

“To make my ears |ook still more babyish
she touched the lobes with rouge to make
them pink. Of course she rubbed off the
rouge afterward, but there was just the
faintest dab of pink.

“For the sides of my pompadour she
chose one of the new double wavers that
make three big waves all at once,and with
these she put in deep scallops.

“*You must be careful,’ observed she,
‘to shape the scallops so that they will
look as though they were all waved at

| image
| of

one bad been automobiling in the sun or
crossing the ocean.

“*The danger is in getting too much
rouge in the cream,’ said she. ‘But you
see how very little of it [ use. The com-
plexion ia that of an olive skinned bru-
nette.’

“Then came the massage of my face,
which was quick and thorough, The tired
lines between my eyes were amoothed out
and the funny little wrinkles that gather
around one's mouth during the day were
coaxed to depart. The supercilious nose
wrinkles also received a touch,

“After five minutes of the massage |
hardly knew myself. Then came’ the
powdering.

“We who think we know how to powder
the face should take lessons of theLondone rs.
They are past grand mistresses of the art

 

 
  

“>

ot

~

DAINTY ACCESSOR

of applying powder to the face prettily. | that jute is not the cheapest raw material

They beat the French, who are apt to put
on too much,

“The London woman uses just enough,s! hate and shoes which Germans, at

and sbe uses it so well that you do not sus-
pect ber of having put powder on at all.

“ ‘Now hold your breath,’ said my ladies’
maid.

“And then she shook a big powder puff
in my face. It wa» as large as a big orange
and it wafted a cloud of powder all over my
countenance, from the roots of my hair
down to my ears, and even to the back of
my neck,

“Next my beautifier took a tiny powder
flulf and whisked it around, taking in the
space back of my ears and all the other
little spota that had been missed. ‘This
is the way we distinguish between good
grooming and bad,’ said she. ‘I use the
powder fluff to make the out of the way
places look like the others.’

“Finally she massaged the powder into
my skin, whisked it again with a clean
powder fluff and handed me the hand glass,
‘Inspect yourself,’ said she,

“TL did so, and hardly recognized my own
It was myself, but myself devoid
imperfections, My complexion was
pure and good and I had a skin that looked
more like peaches afd cream than I had ever
dared in ail my life to hope for.

“My benefactress now busied herself
with my eyebrows, which she brushed
with a tiny eyebrow brush. She also ar-
ranged the hair along my forehead.

“The hair Jine is important,6 said she.
‘It must be neat and beautiful.’

“I felt somewhat offended when she
took a bit of pumice stone and a chamois
for the back of my neck. She explained
it by remarking:

“It is wonderful how the back of the
neck gets yellow. If women could have
a@ back view of themselves in an open car
or at the theatre they would change their
minds in many matters.

“The back of the neck is the crucial
teat of good grooming. Show me a yello-
neck rising from a pretty lace collar nud
I will show you the woman who spends
more time upon her dress than she does
upon grooming herself, which fs all wrong
of course.’

“But there were other things to be done.
a must select pout cone scheme,” in

e. ‘for so mt jepends u or.
And then she did an odd thing. _

a

THE SUN, SUNDAY, AUGUST 4, 1907.

“Standing back from me, she lifted a
mirror and threw the light upon my face.
‘Your color is green,’ she decided, ‘and
you must have green appointments.’

“Quickly taking in the accessories of
my wardrobe, she selected a white straw
hat trimmed with green. This she pinned
upon my head. Then she selected some
rather odd but quiet green jewelry from
my jewel case.

“She pinned my white lace lingerie collar
with a green pin. ‘You are delightful,’
said she, ‘Then, removing my hat, she sat
down to do my manicuring.

“It may seem odd to you,’
‘that I do the manicuring last. But really
it is the best time. Your hande will be
much in evidence and they must be white
and freah looking.’

“Picking up one of my handa, she held
in high in the air, to let the blood run out
of it. When she laid it down the veins

| had faded away and the hand was delicious-

said she,

ly white.

through which she put my hands, but I
will gay that she bathed them in lotions
and she dabbed them with peroxide and
made therm as white as milk. Then she
powdered them.

“The naile she scarcely touched at all.
She did not cut them, for she said that
they were none too long. But she shaped
them the lest bit with flexible sandpaper
sticks so that they matched the tips of
my fingers.

“Your fingers are rather fat,’ said she,
‘but you have cut your nails to a sharp
point. This gives your fingers an un-
pleasant look. | will take off the point
#o that your nails will match your fingers.’

“This she did and then she painted the
a pale but very pretty pink. ey certainly
looked ten years younger.

“She massaged my arms a little and
whitened them with her peroxide lotions
And then she turned her attention to the
beautifying of my rnouth. She insisted
| that I touch my lips with cologne to make
them red and she told me ¢o bite them
occasionally to keep the blood in circulation.
But she cautioned me against biting them
too hard; there must be just the merest
| pressure of the lips against the open teeth.
. ‘Il am going to suggest,’ said my lady's
maid, ‘that you dress the feet a little more.
You should have shoes better adapted to
a 5 o'clock tea when the feet are so plainly
displayed.

Your shoes are too plain and incon-
spicuous and | would suggest that you
wear brown shoes with brown silk stockings.
| Upon your boots I would suggest that you
tie a wide bow. It will give your feet just
the distinguishing note which they need.

“‘And now for the teeth; your teeth are
| pretty, but they do not shine. '

“It took a course of dentifrices of various
kinds to make my teeth shine,and then m
beauty expert advised me to wet my teeth
with my tongue to make them look moist.

“Your lips should be moist and red and
your teeth should gleam,’ said she.

“I learned how to make up quickly so
| as to look pretty. It takes no more time
| to do it than it does to tellit. And certainly
the results were good. Never did I look
better.”

 

 

NEW MARVELS FROM PAPER,

| Carpets, Clothes, Shoes and Hats Made of
the New Stuff,

A clever German has invented a paper
varn which he has named xylolin, and from
which he weaves fabrics of almost ineredi-
ble chespness. His paper cloth is said to
be an excellent substitute for cotton, jute,
linen and even silk.

Rugs and carpets of any thickness are
made of paper yarn, says the Cirele. Al-
thou rh these paper floor coverings can

irdly vie in richness with Persian and
Turkish rage, still they are mothproof,
lictht and clean. As a substitute for jute

in he manufacture of bagging the German
pap rv basa future before it, for the reason

i

————L

IES OF DRESS.

 

in the world,
Spun paper fibres have been woven into

have not hesitated to wear. year
about 7,000,000 washable paper towels were
made, which sold at wholesale for about
two centea apiece and looked for all the
world like linen.

So easily is the yarn woven into a cloth
of any design or shade that paper clothes
have recently made their appearance.
Lighter than linen, these paper suite are
said to be nearly as warm as wool.

A man's three piece suit*coste him no
more than a dollar. Such paper suits are
quite unlike the paper waistcoats which are
occasionally worn, for they are not merely
strips of paper sewed together but are
made of cloth woven from a true yarn or
thread and are, therefore, porous and

aageente.

© paper thread out of whioh thie re-
markable fabric is made is waterproof, and
is neither brittle nor hard; it neither shrinks
nor stretches and at first glance cannot
be distinguished from cotton. —

BARGAIN SALES IN JAPAN.

The Scrimmage Is Absent, but the Shep-
Ufter Ie Not.

Even in placid Japan they have bargain
sales, but they conduct them on very
different principles from the scrimmages
we have over here, says the English Ladies’
Pictorial. An amusing American woman
has embodied her experiences of travelling
alone in Japan in a most entertaining vol-
ume just published, whence may be gath-
ered a description of a sale at the greatest

trading house in Japan.
The goods are not Sung about. They are
shown to advantage in locked cases, and
f departments keep the keys.

 

ine, perfect and quiet prevail
orabise toddle about qute cmt ly;
others on their m r ow-
over osderty and auies J
bargain sale ma: , it is not free from the
cnepitver, one i to Eetevering to that
detective is as .
Land as in England. The kimono sleeve (e

|
|

“I will pass over the various stages |

 

SN

pho. Constable go

«°

DRY GOODS .CARPETS—UPHOLSTERY

Store Closea 6 P. M. Daily Saturdoye 12 Noon.

| Women’s. Garments

|

For Motoring, Touring and Steamer Wear.

and Leather Requisites.

 

At specially attractive prices we are showing an unusually
comprehensive collection of new model Ou:er Garments, in light
weight woollens, Coverts, Indias, Pongees, Linens and shower-
proof fabrics; also Steamer Rugs, Travelling Bags, Suit Cases

 

| Special Reductions

 

Origina'ly $8.50 to $55.00.

Fine qualities.

Bemmed,
Hemstitched,

For Single Bed,
For Double Bsd,

WHITE HABUTAI SILKS,

TOURING COATS for Mountain
wear and Motoring,

 

FIRST GIOVE WEARERS.

Se

Gauntiets of Ancient Hunters—Sainte Whe
Were Gloves.
Mra. Arthur Bell in Collecting.

Not only on account of the intrinsic beauty
of many specimens that have been preserved,
but also because of the symbolism connected
with them gloves will ever have a special in-
terest. for the student of the past.

That they were worn af a very early period
there ia no doubt, though exactly when they
first came into use it is impossible to say, for
there are no actual references to them fn early
Greek or Roman M&S. The first mention of
gloves ia in the Odyssey, in which it is stated
that laertes, the father of Ulysses, wore them
on bis hunting expeditions to protect bie hands
from the thorns, and in his Cyropmdia Xeno-

hon reproaches the Persians for their effem-
lenep in covering their hands.

Both in the East and West the glove, when
once adopted, soon became of importance as
the recognized symbol of the transfer of prop-
erty, the seller of land giving the purchaser a
glove asa token of possession, for which rea.
son it is generally supposed that in the much
quoted passage in Ruth iv., verse 7, “to con-
firm all things a man plucked off his shoe and
gave it to hie neighbor,” the word shoe should
have been translated grove.

In Christian iconography @ glove was very
early associated with certain saints, notably
with St. Front, who is said to have left hia
glove behind him after attending the funeral
of St. Martha, the sister of Lazarus, and with
St. Cesarius, Bishop of Aries, who is credited
with having sent his glove full of air to a dis-
trict in hie diocese suffering from a protracted
calm. r

A glove worn on the left hand by a saint ina
token of noble birth, probably because the
falcon was carried on the left wrist, and as
early as the third century A. D. gloves were
given by the Emperor to Bishops on their
investiture. St. Ambrose of Milan, who died
in 308, is represented in a painting, now in

1

TURKISH BATH TOWELS, dozen,
TURKISH BATH MATS, colors and white,each, 1.00, | .50,

FINE HAND-EMBROIDERED LINEN BED SPREADS.

10.50, 12.50, 15.00, 16.50
12.50, 15.00, 18.00, 20.00

PONGEE COATS (full length) bigh color, Francis Model,
HIGH CLASS LINEN SUITS, this season's stock, te clese, 22.90

[

To Close Summer Stocks

UNPRECEDENTED SALE OF 1,000 FINEST

Embroidered Waist Patterns

FRENCH HAND-EMBROIDERED BATISTE WAISTS (unmade). :
Comprising embroidered front, collar, cuffs and emple plain ma-
terial. Rezularly $5.09 to $13.50. Reducedto 2.78 to 8.00"

HAND-EMBROIDERED BATISTE WAISTS (unmade). ,

penzell Embroidery; many are examples of rarest needlework.
Reduced te

Fine Ap-
3.00 to 30.00

SPECIAL SALE OF

Women’s Long Gloves :

3,000 PAIRS, 16 button length, Silk Lisle and Taffeta
Gloves, in black, white, gray and new'tan leather shades.
Regularly $1.50 and $2.00 ;

etaire

pair, l 00

Towels and Embroidered Spreads

30 sar Cent. Below Regular Prices.

ALL LINEN HUCKABACK TOWELS,
dozen,

3.00, 3.50,
5.50,
3.00, 4.50,

5.00
6.25
6.50
I e 75

Silks for Summer Wear

A large variety of weaves, especially enitable for
garments for Seashore, Motoring end Touring.

WASH SILKS, in checks and stripes,

85c t 1,25
55c, 75c, 1.00

75c t 2.00

BLACK INDIA SILKS, 27 inches wide,
Lyon dyed, superior finish, spot and waterproof,

White Silks and Satins for Wedding Gowns
Novelties for Bridesmaids’ Dresses

Women’s Coats and Suits

15.00, 27.50, 35.00
22.50

 

Scotch Axminster

One-Piece Carpets
Sizes, Designe and Colorings to meet Special Requirements.

Wiltons and Brussels
Two-tone and solid color effecte to match all prevailing decorations.

. a .
Oriental and Domestic Rugs
Unsurpassed Collection of tare specimens in all sizes.

+

 

the sacristy of the cathedral of Alx-le-Cha-
pelle, wearing gloves, on the back of which
& star ts embroidered, Gloves areamong the
emblems of St. Amadeus of Savoy, whose
sister is supposed to have given him a glove
she bad received from the Blessed Virgin,
and the story goes that 8t. David of Sweden,
when bis sight was failing him from old age,
hung bie gloves on a sunbeam, taking it fora

As te well known, the throwing down of «
glove was in feudal ti ‘oball o!
je combat and the picking up of ¢ en oe °

an a0ce| ce of the defiance, a ‘ull
turned 4
erga cPitaeh ee Oak te aa

ful poem “The Glove,”
the ine dash dewn her glove at the feet |
of the lion, only to have i¢ Gung back in ber
face by ner caver. om

a at o weare vein t
nelenste asa token that t yy orr3 yh —#
her cause against all comers, and to this
« special significance attaches to the gift
pair of gloves from a man toa vomas
custom of taking off the right han g ve
before shaking nance with a lady is p y
a survival of the days of chivalry, aa is aleo
the presentation of a pair of white gloves toa
Judge when there are no cases to fe tried at
an ansize, an well as to the giving of black
gloves to mourners at a funeral,

y
oe

Mashgaria.
From Blackwood's Magazine.
There are few places in the world so difi- ~
oult to get at as Kashgaria. Though it lies in,
Chinese territory the journey from Pekin!

ocoupies no less than six months. From India
caravans take two months, having to crow
f-

meanwhile the three highest mountain ra
In the world by way of several passes measu
ing 18,000 feet above ses level.

hen from the tailend of the Russfan rail-
way system in Central Asia one may reach!
Kashgar in three weeks by several tes, ail
worn the transit of difficult and storm

e

s passes.

Kashgaria is said to cover an area of 350.000
square miles-a statement that has litile
interest until considered in relation to the
proportion which is cultivated by man. |) is
startling (o reslize that human endeavo: fh +
been capable «f renuering fertile little m+
than a bundredth part snd that rinety-aine
bundredths of it ts irredeem bt» . sert,