TREASURES OF EARLY
ITALIAN ART.

Masterpieces of Medizval Painters and
Silversmiths Displayed at Perugia.

 

  

MADONNA DEL SOCCORSO BY SINIBALDO IBL

—_——- — —— ———

Romer, July 7.—The history of every
Jalian town is as full and varied as that
fa nation. Perugia, the capital of the
provinee of Umbria which
ike @ great and ever changing pageant
at her deet, bas a history that dates back
t) the Etruscans, and fragments of
the wall built by them around the town
more than 3,000 years ago still stand. In
the year 309 B. C., the Roman Consul Fabius |

. defeated the Etruscans and took
ession of the town. In the year 40 B.C.
the emperor Augustus laid siege to Perugia,
which held out for seven months. When
the town surrendered the ae post-
poned the sack for a day,
citizens set fire to bis house during the
night and by the next morning Perugia
was burned to the ground. Augustus
rebuilt it some years later and henceforth
it was called Augusta Perusia. In the
invasions of the Goths Perugia suffered
the fate of all other Italian cities. In
the year 592 Perugia became a Lombard
Duchy, subsequently she was restored
to the empire, and gradually she grew
powerful and individual until finally she

became almost independent, subdued
neighboring towns and extended her do-
minion over all Umbria. Meanwhile

Perugia was in close connection with the
Papacy, but the Pope’s authority was
purely nominal. Internal strife between
the people and the nobles weakened the
power of the town, and the Popes repeat-
edly attempted to fforce an acknowledg-
ment of their authority. The Perugians
revolted against the Popes times without
number, but in 1375 their authority was
fully recognized

The later history of Perugia, from the
end of the fourteenth century, is one of
blood and tyranny, of internal strife and
lespotism, of feuds and crimes. The
government of the town was disputed

‘ WOMAN'S STORY OF THE TRIP
ON THE MINNETONKA,

“r. Clemens the Centre of Interest All the
Way —(ireatly Impressed by His Oxford
Expertence—Was Commonly a Serious
Talker—Doesn’t Wear Pink Pajamas.

Long before the reporters swarmed over
‘he side of the Minnetonka at Quarantine
the other day to meet Mark Twain on his
return trom Europe Mr. Clemens's fellow
passengers had found out what some of the
reporters learned for the first time, and
‘hat wae that Mark Twain, except on occa-
sions when he sets out to be humorous,
s ordinarily @ most serious person. He
‘no joker in the ordinary affairs of life.
\t the same time the fellow passengers
earned that when Mark Twain travels

is practically about all there is to the
cor pany. He dominated the Minnetonka
‘mah (bo moment she set out until she
“Tived

One of Mr. Clemens’a fellow travellers
‘aa 8 Western woman, and being a person
ie to observing things and setting them
‘own she preserved a record of the voyage.
Here is what she saw, heard and observed
“8 8be wrote it out:

'he Minnetonka had mot been gone
‘tom her dock an hour when the private
yacht of the Elder Brethren of the Trinity
House. the anciant and almost mediwval
reonization which controle practically
‘ the shipping entering and leaving the

''s of Great Britain, drew alongside in
‘nes with a special committee on

say England's last farewells to
mens, The yacht kept along with
‘eral minutes, the committeemen
nversation over the rail with

‘cena, and as they were about to

‘ay the committee gave three
‘ cheers for him, Then some one
fron the yacht ealled out:

!hey will be making you President of
of the ‘hited States after this.”

il Lave to steal another cup before I
Will be eligible,” he shouted back.

Then they gave three more cheers and
®ilod awayamid much waving of hate and
handkerchiefs, The boat people then set-

Yr me

 

lies spread |

pos- |

'

|
|

|

 

5 SLi My

1s 74

Te x 1 ui
ee

see eats y

and controlled by the noble families, Miche-
lotti, Oddi and Baglioni, until the year 1559,
when Pope Paul III. took possession of
Perugia, razed the house of the last
despot to the ground and reestablished
the power of the Papacy. After three
years Perugia again*re olted against the
Pope, and again was subdued. In 1707
the town became a French prefecture and
in 1809 it was fermally annexed to the
French Empire. Fifty years later Pius IX.
sent Papal troops to Perugia and regained
possession of the town Finally, in 1860,
the Papal troops were dislodged by Gen.
Fanti, the envoy of King Victor Emmanuel,

but one of its | and the town that had risen fighting, and

fighting had flourished, became part of
the united Kingdom of Italy. The light of
romance was lost from ita tistory and it
acquired the silence, tranquillity and peace
which characterizes modern Italian towns.

It has been asserted that a very olose con-
nection exists between history and art,
and one would naturally expect to find
in Umbrian art some reflection of the war-
like, ever rebellious and strong people of
Perugia,yet in noschool of art wasthe feeling
of the painters more purely and more abso-
lutely religious than in Umbria. Art here
is the spiritual escape or reaction from the
history of the times in which it was pro-
duced. Perhaps this is to be attributed
to that extraordinary power over the minds
of men exercised by the mere example of
pure living and sweetness of character
of the great Saint of Assisi, whose influence
of peace is still felt throughout Umbria.
The art of Umbria raises the spirit to the
pure regions of mysticism, and it represents
the very opposite of all that fury, blood
and passion peculiar to the time and places
in which the artists lived and worked.

An exhibition of ancient Umbrian art
is now held in the Palazzo del Popolo of
Perugia, which was built between the

 

 

 

I ted down to get | cont deme, to ak cuit with its dis-
tinguished passenger. They found him
kindly, affable, an eager watchers of the
ship's sports and especially fond of the chil-
dren, a fondness which centred itself finally
upon Dorothy Quick, the eleven-year-old
girl about whom the newspapers have
printed so much.

“He is growing old gracefully,”
first comment of the passengers.

For several days Twain's famous white
suit did not come forth. Instead he wore
a gray suit and white cravat, a thick ulater
-— a cap which nearly covered his

oukas "Lushy gray hair and came well
down to the shaggy eyebrows which are
getting white now. He kept with him
much of the time he was on deck his meer-
schaum pipe, which he smoked slowly and
quectenasey. Fe gray any, a about
the onl n of his years 8 was
ht and quick and had in it what he had
ign to the effect that he felt seven years
ounger than when he reached England
ve weeks before. It was the general
inion of the passengers that judging from
his appearance he certainly need be in no
purey 6 to “complete arrangements for bis
fun

Mr. Clemens was soon the centre of vari-
ous groups. He was always willing to talk
and the passengers drew him out constantly.
His voice was low and hia speech slow but
very clear, and he used no superfluous
words. He used his cigar or pipe in making

estures and he had t _— of portraying
focidents so perfectly that his listeners
seemed to have been present at the time.
One of the stories that he told was of ae
first visit to Westminister Abbe 7 =
wont there with Dean Stanley an ur.

went at night. They started a

pownlebt on their tour of the Ceautiful
structure, spending some three hours
among the tombs and monuments, their
lanterns emphasizing the faces and figures
and throwing a ae weird light over the
surroundings. A kitten, he eaid, had fol-
lowed them in from the street and had
gone skipping from one tomb to another
with them.

After a time the kitten got tired and as
they were about to leave the building they
missed it altogether. They. went back to
search for it and found it curled up and
fast asleep on Queen Elizabeth's breast.
Mr. Clemens said that if a cat might look
at a King surely a small kitten might make
friends with a Queen's tomb and give a bit
of life and warmth to the cold marble which
epeiied out her career and her greatness

Mr. Clemens spoke of the quests at the
forty or more dinners that he yy and
seemed proud of the fact that the guests
were not eo much on account of

was the

  

 Boigy
ip NI

 

   

 

THE

 
  
 
  

SARINE OF THE VIRGIN'S

 

and which is one of
the most wonderful architectural monu-
ments of the thirteenth century. The ex-
hibition includes specimens of every kind
of Umbrian art and comprises a vast and
varied collection of art treasures, many
of which were but imperfectly known before
now. It would prove beyond the scope
of an article to trace, however briefly, the
development of Umbrian art from its in-
fancy until it reached its climax with Peru-
gino, who stamped the peculiar personality
of his painting upon a whole ‘schoo! of
Renaissance Italian art, but a fairly good
idea of the importance of the Perugia ex-
hibition may be given by illustrating a
few of its chief exhibits.

Undoubtedly one of the moat remarkable
characteristics of the spiritual tendency
of the Umbrian school was examplified in
the painting of the gonfalone or banner,

years 1279 and 1341,

a style of picture which is peculiar to Um- |
Perugia were |

bria. The inhabitants of
prone to fits of excessive repentance;
when casting aside the vanities of the flesh
they would half kill themselves with cords,
stripes and lamentations, Sometimes they
appealed to the saints through litanies,
at others they appealed to Christ's mercy,
especially in times of plague, through art,
It was then that the gonfaloni were painted,

Theee banners were carried in procession
around the city, the priests walking in front,
the populace behind, while a wail of lamenta- |
tions filled the air.
banner of Bonfigli at San Fiorenzo, a poem
of supplication.to God would be painted on
the banner iteelf, with passionate words of |
prayer upon it. There is a most original
collection of gonfaloni in the Perugia ex-
hibition which is important both on account
of art and as an illustration of a religious

rite peculiar to Umbria. The best gonfaloni |

are those by Benedetto Bonfigli, probably
the master of Perugino. The one in the

 

er rank and station, but because they were

| feas to

a

lished. He dwelt

noted for things accom
both hosts and

upon the eo, weet tness 0
guests and

“It was most enjoyable but hard work
for me, and I told them #0. You see I like
to do all the talking myself and when you
do all the toling it is easy, but with these
bright peo felt almost lost, and I con-
Dg somewhat put to it to keep

my end oe

A n describing his reception at Ox-
ford “that words seemed to fail him a bit,
and his voice became more soft and full of

Copp Sool feeling. .

tw e beat time I ever had in my
life,” bee said repeatedly, He dwelt especi-
ally upon the beauty o the Oxford eant

and on the beauty surrounding it all and |
said

“The birds were not disturbed by it, but
fluttered along with it and seemed to enjoy
it as much as an dy. And the swans in
the river were un eames by “ the life and
color and gayety, b if used to
it and unconsciously aoe their part in and
added to the beauty and joy of the picture.”

Then there was the incident of the ool-
lision at sea, about which much has been
told, but only in a general way, the details
thus far having escaped print. Whatever
Mark Twain's experiences as a Mississippi
pilot may have been, it is probable that 174
never faced a more thrilling five minutes
than he did on the morning of that collision
when he heard the order:

“All hands on deck! Man the boate!”

It on the third day out from
London at 6:80 in the morning, when ther

loomed out of the i d mist a big
four mas schooner, the Stirling, close |
on the Minnetonka's starboard side and

bearing down at a lively rate. By the
uick manoeuvring of the Minnetonka the
fo roe af the impact was grestiy lessened,
ao that the schooner struck onlya glancing
bow, bounded back and then struck a
second blow, punching a hole in the Minne-
tonka’s side just forward ‘of the saloon
above the water line. e@ blow tore away
the boweprit and head sails of the schooner
and she gave the Minnetonka's side a hard
scraping as she dragged along.
The collision gave us quite a shakin
and the order for all hands to come on desk
was obeyed instantly, the passengers ap-
pearing in pajamas, bathrobes, kimonos,
steamer rugs or whatever came.to hand in
me first excitement. The lifeboats were
out and completely manned for
oe and for a few minutes we had
visions of bobbing about in the fog in these
emal) boate until picked up by some passin,
veagel. Every one seemed eoll-peanessed
and only one or two women showed signs of

Mr, Clemens was one of the first on deck,
olad in a bathrobe, slippers and cap. He

 

WEDDING FING

Very often, as in the

SUN. SUNDAY, AUGUST

  

DOROLO, PE) ROGIA.

GENEALOGICAL? TREE OF lf
MATTIE O PA GUALbO.

Church of San Fiorenzg was made at the
time of a terrible pestilence which raged
in Perugia at the end of the fifteenth |
century. The pictures represented in these |
gonfaloni are always highly dramatic.

Christ is represented as inexorable and re-
vengeful, Death strives with man, and the
Virgin, sorrowful and merciful, while sad
and supplicating groups of saints and citi-
grace.
| A celebrated picture by Bonfigli is the
| Madonna della Misericordia, the Mother
of Mercy in the Church of the Gonfalone,
which is a beautiful specimen of the master’s
| purely pietistic painting. In contrast to

zens knee! by the city walls and pray for |

this painting is another one by Sinibaldo Ibi |
which comes from the Church of St. Francia |

in Montone and represents the Madonna
del Soccorso, the Mother of Help. These
| two paintings, while having the character-

| istics of the Umbrian school, differ con- |

siderably in the conception which each
| represents, While the first one has a pre-

vailing touch of sorrow and sadness the |

| second is full of hope.
Among the many paintings exhibited
there is one by Matteo da Gualdo which

deserves special mention, not so much owing

manifested great interest in what was going |

on but was entirely calm and apparently
not disturbed in the least.
possible the captain hurried forward and
Seneved Mr. Clemeng that we were all right
“I know we are all right,” returned
Mr. Clemens, “but how about the ship?”
“We will do our beat to find out,” replied
Capt, Layland, and then the Minnetonka
swung about in search for the schooner.
We cruised about a long time sounding
the whistle, but no trace of the boat was
found and we were obliged to abandon
the search. She left a piece of iron plate

As soon aa)

and some of her wood as she tore away |

from the Minnetonka and that was all we
| knew of ber, all hands hoping that no

serious harm had come to her.

Mr. Ashcroft, Mr.
companion, drew up some resolutions of
} testimonial to the captain and crew

which were signed by every passenger

on board, expressing “deep gratitude for
and appreciation of the unceasing care”
which they exercised. The collision,
however, gave rise to the most exciting
and sustained arguments on the voyage.

Almost as soon as the news was made

known that the danger was over a stage

whisper went round that Mark Twain
was clad in pink pajamas, Another report
was that they were blue and another waa
that while th were pajamas all right
they were yellow, The men passengers
became much interested,

citement waa strong among the women
as they hurried about to catch a glimpse
of the oostume. Before many a them
, Could get aloft Mark Twain had disap-
} peared, like the schooner. There were
plenty of other colored pajamas
| and gay bathrobes galore,
Twain in pink pajamas.
a few persons who insisted that they had
seen him with their own eyes and he did
wear pink peayeme us

No one felt like asking Mr. Clemena him-
self about so delicate a matter, and so the
question was submitted to Mr. Ashcroft.

*I am sorry to disappoint you,” he said,
“but asa matter of fact Mr, Clemens doesn't
wear pajamas at all but ‘a night shirt, a
| aes of doubled barrelled night shirt, a
| cotton one with a flannel one over it, and it
was this double garment

There remained

that he had on

_ | far we walked,
Clemena's travelling

while the ex-,

there |
but no Mark |

 

4. 1907. *

   
 

 

 

BAPTISIMAL
FONT FROM
SPOLETO.

Rene cen

   

 

a ineeianhsdl allie tee

     
 

GONFALONE BY SO Rve sary °

the cross, while the rest of the painting.
although unfinished, gives a good idea of
the painter's masterly style.

This canvas is suid to have been com-
missioned by the Blessed Colomba, a nun
who was celebrated for her piety and who,
with her mysterious warnings, attempted
on many occasions to calm the frantic
passions of the rival factions in Perugia
during the rule of the nobles.

cell of the Blessed Colomba, and it was held
in such veneration by the nuns that it was
never until now allowed to leave their
convent.

The most important collection in the
Perugia exhibition is that of religious
silver ornaments. A_ reliquary of gilt
enamelled silver has a hexagonal base
decorated with towers and angles and
adorned with six medallions in enamel.
Three Gothic shrines to contain the statues
of the saints are supported on a graceful
column, round which is represented a tur-

| preted town intended for Citta di Castello.

! The reliquary belongs to the thirteenth

to its artistic merits, as on account of the’ century. A ailver processional cross by

subject it represents. Adam is painted
as an old man with long hoary hair and
beard lying down on what appears to be a
field; from his chest a trunk of a tree arises
and branches out ina conventional manner,
forming tw@nty-one small circles in each,
which two
whose names are written on ribbons. Each
one of these is one of the ancestors of the
Virgin Mary, who appears on the top of the
tree between two larger circles, in which

personages are painted,

|

F. Roscetto, belonging to the Congregation

| of Mongiovine of Panicale, is a perfect

exampie of the Umbrian silveramith's art.
There are chalices without number, each
a masterpiece crosses, candlesticks, altar
ornaments, church vestments belonging
to Popes and Bishops, which up to the
present time had remained hidden in Um-
brian churches and monasteries. There
is a beautiful baptisimal font of the fif-
teenth century from Spoleto in silver finely

are painted St. Anne and St. Joachim. The | chiselled. There is another reliquary of

painting is supposed to represent
genealogical tree of the Virgin Mary.

The collection of Perugino’s works ie not
very large, as most of his paintings were
carried away from Perugia by Na-

 

the | St. Benedict from Norcia, also fifteenth

century work of priceless value, and a
wonderful and exquisitely worked silver
shrine by F. Roacetto, where the wedding
ring of the Virgin Mary is kept. This

poleon to Paris; still there is one canvass | ring, which is the greatest relic that Peru-
the gem of the collection, which, although | gia has, was piously stolen from Chiusi

in an unfinished state, is undoubtedly the
great master’s most interesting work. The

| painting represents Christ carrying the

cross. Only the head, hands and feet are

finished; the rest is merely outlined. The |

head is a magnificent specimen of Peru-
gino'’s art. The eyes of Christ express
resigned pain, the hands show in a remark-
able degree the physical effort of carrying

Discussion waxed warm on it and it was
decided finally that if some one could be
found who would say the same sort of
things in the same way, day in and day
out, without effort, perhaps he would be as.
humorous as Mark’ 'wain, and that was the
end of it.

Mr. Clemens was the life of the usual
abip’s concert and he told a story. He
said:

“I remember once that I started on an
extended walking tour in the Black Forest.
My companion was a clergyman of reckless
disposition who was not over careful what
kind of company he kept. Our first step

was to buy pedometers, for we wanted to
tell our literary friends at home just how
Our next step was to secure
railroad tickets. We had a good excuse,
because, you see, we had a lot of ground
to cover that day and it was a matter of
judgment that decided us to do that part
of our walking tour by rail. It was stran
but some way we never did find it possible
to get along without railroad trains for the
reat of the tri lt was the best walking
tour I ever had.”

Mr. Clemens wore his white serge suit
that evening cor the first time on the ship
and the passengers felt more of their
curiosity cottahe: The degree of Master
of Good fellowship was conferred upon him
then and there and the passengers left the
ship with regret at saying good- y to him.

The Rise of Charies 8. Metien.
From the Van Norden Magazine.
Chaflea 8. Mellen became president of
the New Haven just four years ago. In
that time he has raised it from a minor posi-
tion to the fourth or fifth place among the
railroads of the United States as regards
Carnings.
Mr. Mellen is not a man of great wealth.
In the course of his forty years of railroad

| life he has knocked about from one road

| to the other,

and probably has not saved
nore than five or six years salary. But
in his four years term of office he has won

(he eanfidence of his board of directors,
us well as that of the amaller shareholders,

land despite his comparative poverty is as

; puch master of the New Haven as

at the time of the collision and over it he |

slipped his bathrobe. His cap and slippers

completed his costume His bathrobe is a

rows | affair, but it isn’ ‘t pipk and it isn't
lue and it isn’t pajamas.”

Soon after breakfast that morning Mr
Clemens appeared in the familiar aray suit
and expressed concern about the missing
schooner and srequenty expressed the
wish that we might learn of her fate

After that a discussion arose on the ship
as to whether the humorous things said by
Mark Twain derived their humor mostly
from the manner in which they were said

ee

tarriman
is of the Union Pacifle.

 

Antiquity of Tennis.
From the Captain.

Among all the popular games of to-day
none perhaps is of greater antiquity than
tennis, for it is said to have originated in the
ball games of the ancient Greeks and Romana,

In the first place the ball was struck by the
hand, later on heavy gloves were worn or cords
atrapped round the palm: and the racquet
. is | onnrires onring «the fifteenth century in

ranee, where the game was very popu
and thence introduced into England,

 

 

by a certain Winterio di Magenza in 1472,
and it possesses miraculous powers. The |
ring is a circle of some thickness, with a
blue transparent stone, probably an opal.
There is a legend connected with this
relic which deserves a passing mention. A
lady of Tuscany, having a great love of
jewelry despatched a man to Rome to
search for jewels in that city. There he

NEW YORK IN 1853.

 

Information From the Pages of an O1d |

Business Directory.

A pictorial directory of New York city
published on the occasion of the world’s
fair in 1853, contains much information in
text and illustration relating to the smaller
metropolis of fifty-odd years ago. The
business and professional life of the city
included 900 physicians, 500 brokers, 1,300
lawyers and more than 4,200 grocers.

The directory contains scores of adver-
tisements of business firms that have long
passed out of existence. Old hotels like
the Clinton House in Beekman street, the
Irving House at Chambers street and Broad-
way and the Mansion House in Brooklyn

are described and their service and menu |

are properly praised. A wood cut shows
the Trinity Building of that period, with
the churchyard and church to the south
and the importing house of Freeman &
Bright to th® north at 113 Broadway.

The ancient Broadway omnibus is shown
in the picture, together with hoopskirted
ladies and gentlemen in old time headgear
on promenade.

Ready made clothing was then in vogue
and its advertisers tell of its advantages
over other kinds of apparel for men. [ron
furniture had come into use and the dentists
were advertising mineral teeth.

George Wood was then a fashionable
hatter at 242 Greenwich street. Pratt,
Woodford & Co. were booksellers at 4
Cortlandt street, and Narine & Co. were
lithographers at 7 Broad street. Moulton,
Plimpton & Williams had a five story build-
ing at 12 Vesey street, running through to
Barclay street. They were dry goods
jobbers and importers.

Delmonico’s French and American Hotel
was at 25 Broadway and Porter & Cummings
kept the Pearl atreet house at 88. Classic

                           

Broadway, “opposite the park fountain.”
Daguerreotypes were then in favor and
Brady's gallery, at 359 Broadway, is named
as the place to secure the best.

Reynolds's Dental Detergent is ad-
vertised for cleaning teeth and removing
“the still more execrable odors of that vile
and loathsome weed, which no animal,
excepting man and the tobacco worm,
has ever been known to eat.”

According |
to tradition this painting was kept in the |

 

 

 

ED SD

 

| chanced to meet a Levantine jeweller who
had just come from Jerusalem and who
gave him the ring, bidding him tq receive
it with all reverence and see that it did not
fall into the hands of the profane. The
Tuscan lady had the audacity to wear it
and her hand became withered. The ool-
lection of altar pieces and triptichs is
varied and rich, Among the latter there
is one by Matteo da Gualdo which belongs
to the Municipality of Gualdo Tadino. It
represents the Virgin and Child in the osn-
tre, with St. John the Baptist to the right
and St. Catherine of Sienna to the left. In
| the predejla there is the baptism of Christ,
the Holy Supper and a miraclb of St. Cath-
erine. Among the former the most im-
portant are two altar pieces by Nioolld
Alunno, the painter of Foligno, one of the
early Umbrian masters, whose works are
seattered through the small churches of
the province. One of these altar pieces
which belongs to the Cathedral of Gualdo
Tadino is a truly remarkable work of the
kind. It represents the Virgin and Child
surrounded by angels in adoration and
flanked by Saints Peter and Paul, St. Fran-

cis, St. Bernardino, St. Anthony, St. Se-
bastian, St. Ludovic and the archangel
Michael. The other one from Nocera

Umbra represents the Virgin kneeling,
adoring the Child in the central panel, while
the side panels are adorned with represen-
tations of different saints venerated in
| Umbria

The Umbrian artista excelled in missal
illuminating, and the collection of choral
books, missals and codes gathered from
all the towns of the province is the most
complete and perfect that has ever been
put together. The best specimens are the
following: The first page from the code
of the Coilegio del Cambio, the exchange
whose emblem is the Griffin which forms
the arma of the city of Perugia; a page from
the code of the Collegio della Meroanzia
or corporation of merchants, and three
choral books of the fifteenth century repre-
| senting Christ in glory, the Virgin in glory
and the Last Judgment.

Besides what has been briefly described
above the exhibition of ancient Umbrian
| art at Perugia contains tinnumerable ool-

lections of brocades, frescoes, roelain,
weapons, antique furniture, w carving,
laces, coins and embroideries.

 

es)

 

 

lon then at 663 Broadway,the American Institute
| was at 351 and the American Tract Society
was at 150 Nassau street. Among oldtime
magazines mentione’ are Godey's Lady's
Book. published at 156 Nassau street; the
Scalpel, 2 Astor House and the Plough,
Loom and Anvil, at 9 Spruce street.

A real estate boom had struck the terri-
tory now known as Bronxland. Country
residences and “charming building sites”
were advertised in the village of Fordham,
in Westchester county. City Hall Park,
Broadway, the Battery and Wall street are
carefully described. In regard to Wali
atreet the editor earnestly adds: lame
may the head of Wall street be guard
by the ever open church, and its foot puri-
fied by the ever flowing river!”

The City Hall also receives the editor's

attention. It was then believed that the
building would soon be used as a city post
office, in which capacity “it would meet the
wants of the city for hundreds of years
to come.”

A woodcut
Garden pictures a scene oauty ized
| by the older frequenters o' Sealwar
| The leading hotels of the city count up
3 seventy-six, Of the entire list only

two, the Astor House and the Clarendon,

are running to-day The Clinton, the
| Setiamere. ‘rench's, the Howard, the
| Irving House, the St. Nicholas, the United
| States and the Prescott House are now
| destroyed or obsolete as hotels.

It should be noted here, however, that
the Prescott House of 1853s still standing
as the Prescott Building at the northwest
corner of Spring street and Broadway.

; The ornate window caps are the same
to-day as shown in the woodcut of the
building aa it looked in 1853.

At this time the station of the New Haven
Railroad was in Canal street near Broad-
way. The Hudson River Railroad had a
station at West srensvey and C hambere
street and the Erie road had a atation or
landing place at the foot of Duane street.

The volume ends with a description of

 

of the entronse to Niblo's

the Croton Aqueduct, which is compared

| with the aqueducts of Roman_ history
There is an alphabetical catalogue
business houses and manufacturers, some
like quillmakers, are supposed
to be practically extinct at the present

 

       

time
A list of city street shows man has exe
now known by newer names. ‘Riso

dale road was then a continuation of Bre _
way from Forty-second street to Harlem.
A promise of more w engravings in
future editions is made by the editor, with
the explanation that the wortg'e fair of
that period made the price of labor so
high that some of the cuts shown were

The National Academy of Design waa procured at a cost of $40 and $50 each.

os . . setae

+ Tate APRA

ay

ney mee eh eh | ell nih 5 a al tay