ee *
ae

oo
a

Sie
aan

er

Set II =

BD BOTS A eae . ere PTET EE

7

.

Fair Margaret Castell

 

BY H, RIDER HAGGARD
Copyright. 1007, by HH. Rider Haggard
(Continued)
About ® o'clock on the following morn-
ing one of the jailers came to surhmon

 

Margaret and her father to be tea before
the court. Margaret asked anxiously if |
the Sefior Brome was coming too, but the
rman replied that he knew nothing of the |
Sefior Brome, as he was tn one of tie cells |
for dangerous criminals, which he did not
serve

So forth they went, dressed in their new
clothes, which were as fine as money could
buy and in the latest Seville fashion, and
were conducted to the courtyard, Here,

to her joy, Margaret saw Peter waiting
for them under guard and dressed aleo
in the Christ'an garments whic they had
begged migit be supplied to him at their
cost. She eprang to his side, none hinder-
ing her, and forgetting her baxhfulness
suffered him to embrace her before them
all, asking him bow he had ‘fared since
they were parted.
“None too
gloomily, “who did not know if we should
ever meet again; alao, my prison is under-
ground, where but little light comea
through a grating, and there are rate in it
which will not let a man sleep, so T must

Peter

be awake the most of the night thinking |
|

|

{

|

|

|

well,” answered

of you. But where go we now?"

“To be put upon our trial before the
Queen, I think. Hold my hand and walk
close besi¢e me, but do not stare at me
Is aught wrong with my dress?”

“Nothing,” answered Peter. “I stare
because you look so beautiful in it. Could
you not have worn a_ veil? Doubtless
there are more Marquiges about this court.”

“Only the Moors wear veils, Peter, and
pow we are Christians again. Listen- I
think that none of them | Gderstand English.
? have seen Ifez, who a!.ed after you very
tenderly—nay, do not blush, it is unseemly
in a man. Have you seen her also? No
well, she escaped from Granada as she
the

80 hard.

planned, and Betty is married to
Marquis.”

“It will never hold good,” answered
Peter, shaking his head, “being but a trick,
and I fear that she will pay for it, poor
woman! Still, she gave us a atart, though,
eo far as prisons go. I was better off in
Granada than in that rat trap.”

“Yes,” answered Margaret. innocently,
“you had a garden to walk in there, had
you not? No, don't be angry with me.

Do you know what Betty did?” And she
told him of how she had lifted her veil and
kissed Morella without being discovered.

“That isn't so wonderful,” said Peter,
“since if they are painted up women look
very much alike in a half lit room ,

“Or garden?” suggested Margaret.

“What is wonderful,” went on Peter,
eeorning to take note of this interruption,
“ie that she could consent to kiss the man
at all. The double dealing scoundrel!
Has Inez told you how he treated her?
The very thought of it makes me ill.”

“Well, Peter, he didn’t ask you to kiss
him, did he? and as for the wrongs of Inez,
though doubtless you know more about
them than I do, I think she has given him
an orange for his pomegranate. But
look, there is the Aleazar in front of us.
Is it not a splendid castle? You know,
it was built by the Moors.”

“I don’t care who it was built by,” said
Peter, “and it looks to me like any other
castle, only larger. All I know about it
is that I ami to be tried there for knocking
that ruffian on the head -and that perhaps
this is the last we shall see of each other,
as probably they will send me to the gal-
leys, if they don't do worse.”

“Oh! say no such thing, I never thought
of it, it is not possible!” answered Mar-
garet, her dark eves filling with tears.

“Wait till your Marquis appears, pleading
the case against us, and you will see what
is or is not possible,” replied Peter with
conviction. “Still, we have come through
some storms, 80 let us hope for the best.”

At that moment they reached the gate
of the Alcazar, which they had approached
from their prison through gardens of
orange trees, and soldiers came up and
separated them Next they were led
across a court, where many people hurried
to and fro into a great marble columned
room glittering with gold, which was called
the Hall of Jusiice

At the far end of this place, seated on a
throne set upon a richly carpeted dais
and surrounded by lords and counsellors,
sat a magnificently attired lady of middle
age. She was blue eyed and red haired,
with a fair skinned, open countenance,
but very reserved and quiet in her de-
meanor.

“The Queen,” muttered the guard, sa-
luting, as did Castell and Peter, while
Margaret courtesied.

A case had just been tried and the Queen
Isabella, after consultation with her as-
sessors, Was delivering judgment in few
words and a gentle voice. As she apoke
her mild, blue eyes fell upon Margaret
and, held it would seem by her beauty,
rested on her till they wandered off to the

ee A I A eet caacaaaaattmenammie a

tall form of Peter and the dark, Jewish
looking Castell by him, at the sight of
whom she frowned a little.

That case was finished, and other suitors
stood up in their turn, but the Queen, waving
her hand and atil! looking at Margaret,
bent down and asked a question of one of
the officers-of the court, then gave an order,
wheron the officer rising summoned “John
Castell, Margaret Castell and Peter Brome,
all of England,” to appear at the bar and
anewer to the charge of murder of one Luiz
of Basa, a soldier of the Holy Hermandad.

At once they were brought forward and
stood in line in front of the dais, |

the officer began to read the charge against
thern.
“Stay, friend,” interposed the Queen;

“these accused are subjects of our good
brother, Henry of England, though one
of them, I think”—and she glanced at Cas
tell—“was not born in England, or at any
rate of English blood, and may not under-
stand our language. Ask them if they need
an interpreter.”

The question was put and all of them
answered that they could speak Spanish,
though Peter added that he did 60 but in-
diferently.

*You are the knight, I think, who ia}
charged with the commiasion of this crime,” |
said Isabella, looking at him. }

“Your Majesty, I am not a knight, only
a plain esquire, Peter Brome of Dedham,
in Engiend, My father was a knight, Sir |
Veter brome, but he fell by my side, fight-
ing for Richard, on Bosworth Field, where
| had this wound,” and he pointed to the
semr upon his face, “but was not knighted

*And how came you to Spain, Sefor Peter
Brome?”

“Your Majesty,” arswered Peter, Mar-
garet helping from time to time when he
did not know the Spanish word, “this lady
at my side, the daughter of the merchant
Jolin Castell who stands by her, ia my af-
fiunced “i

for my pains.”
‘wcbella smiled a little, then asked:
wt
Then you have won the love of a very

beautiful maiden, Sefior,” interrupted the
Queen, “but proceed,”
“She and her cousin, the Sefiora Dene, |

| we have lain prisoners many weeks, but

understand ia the nephew of the King Fer- |
dinand, and an envoy to the English court,
who passed there us the Sefior d'Aguilan,
but who in Spain is the Marquis of Morella.”

“Kidnapped—and by Morella!” exclaimed
the Queen.

“Yeu, your Majesty, cozened on board |
tis ship and kidnapped. The Sefior Casteil |
and I followed them, and, boarding their |
vessel, tried to rescue them, but were ship-
wrecked at Motril. The Marquis carried
them away to Granada, whither we fol-
lowed also, I being sorely hurt in the ship-
wreck,

“There, in the palace of the Marquis,

 

at length escaped, purposing to come to
Seville and seek the protection of your
Majesties. On the road, while we were
dressed tike Moors, in which garb we com-
passed our escape, we were attacked by
men who we thought were bandits, for
we had been warned against such evil
people.

“One of them rudely molested the Dona
Margaret, and I Gut him down, and by
misfortune killed him, for which man-
slaughter I am here before you to-day.
Your Majesty, I did not know he was a
soldier of the Holy Hermandad, and I pray
you pardon my offence, which was done
in ignorance, fear and anger, for we are
willing to pay compensation for this un-
happy death.”

Now some in the court exclaimed:

“Well spoken, Englishman!”

Then the Queen said:

“If all this tale be true I am not sure
that we should blame you overmuch, Sefor
Brome; but how know we that it is true?
For instance, you said that the noble Marquis
stole two ladies, a deed of which I can
scarcely think him capable. Where, then,
is the other?”

“I believe,” answered Peter, “that she
is now the wife of the Marquis of Morella.”

“The wife! Who bears witness that
she is the wife? He has not advised us
that he was about to marry, as is usual.”

Then Bernaldez stood forward, stating
his nDame and occupation, and that he was
a correspondent of the English merchant,
John Castell, and, producing the certificate
of marriage signed’ by Morella, Betty and ,
the priest Henriques, handed it up tothe |
Queen, saying that he had received them |

|
|
|
'

in duplicate by a messenger from Granada
and had delivered the other to the Arch-
bishop of Seville.

The Queen, having |@oked at the paper,
passed it to her assessors, who examined
it very carefully, one of them saying that
the form was not usual and that it might
be forged.

The Queen thought a little while, then
said

“That is so, and in one way only can we |
know the truth. Let our warrant issue, |
summoning before us our cousin, the noble
Marquis of Morella; the Sefiora Dene, who is |
said to be his wife, and the priest Henriques |
of Motril, who is said to have married them |
When they bave arrived, all of them, the
King my busband and I will examine into |
the matter, and until then we will not |
suffer our minds to be prejudiced by hear- |
ing any more of this cause.” |

Now the Governor of the prison stood |
forward. and asked what was to be done |
with the captives until the witnesses could |
be brought from Granada. The Queen
answered that they must remain in his |
charge and be well treated, whereon Peter |
prayed that he might be given a better cell, |
with fewer rats and more light. |

The Queen smiled and said that it should |
be so, but’ added that it would be proper |
that he should still be apart from the lady |
to whom he was affianced, who could dwell
with her father. Then, noting the sadness
on their faces, she added:

“Vet I think they may meet daily in the
garden of the prison.”

Margaret courtesied and thanked her,
whereon she said very graciously: |

“Come here, Sefiora, and ait by me a |
little,” and she pointed to a footstool at her |
side. “When I have done this business I |
desire a few words with you.” |

So Margaret was brought up on the |
dais, and sat down at her Majesty's left
hand upon the broidered footstool, and
very fair indeed she looked placed thus
ahove the crowd, she whose beauty and
whose bearing were #o royal, but Castell
and Peter were led away back to the prison,
though, seeing 60 many gay lords about, |

the latter went unwillingly enough

A while later when the cases were fin-
ished the Queen dismissed the court
save for certain officers, who stood at a dis- |
tance, and turning to Margaret said: |

“Now, fair maiden, tell me your atory,
as one woman to another, and do not fear |
that anything you say will be made use of |
at the trial of your lover, since against you
at any rate, at present, no charge is laid.
Say, firat, are you really the affianced of
that tall gentleman, and has he really
your heart?”

“All of it your Majesty,” answered
Margaret, “and -ve have suffered much for
each other's sake.” Then in as few words
as she could she told their tale, while the
Queen listened earnestly.

“A atrange story indeed, and if it be all
true, a shameful,” she said when Margaret
had finished. “But how comes it that if
Morella desired to force you into marriage |
he is now wed to your companion and ;
cousin? What are you keeping back from
me?” and she glanced at her shrewdly.

“Your Ma esty” answered Margaret,

“I was ashamed to epeak the reat, yet I will
trust you and do so, pray ng your royal
orgiveness if you hold that we who were
in desperate straits have done what is
wrong. My cousin, Betty Dene, has paid
back Morella in his own false gold. He
won her heart and promised to marry her, |
and at the risk of her own life she took my |
place at the altar, thereby securing our
escape.”

“A brave deed, if a doubtful,” said the
Queen, “though I question whether suoh
a marriage will be upheld. But that is a
matter for the Church to judge of and I
must speak of it no more. Certainly it is
hard to be angry with any of you. What |

 

did you say that Morella promised you
when he asked you to marry him in Lon-
don?”

“Your Majesty, he promised that he
would lift me high—perhaps even”—she
hesitated--“to that seat in which you ait.”

Isabella frowned, then laughed and said
as she looked her up and down:

“You would fit it well, better than I do,
in truth. But what else did he say?”

“Your Majesty, he saia that not every
one loves the King his uncle; that he had
many friends who remembered that his
father was poisoned by the father of the
King, who was Morella's grandfather; also
that his mother was a princess of the Moors
and that he might throw in hie lot with
theirs or that there were other ways in
which he could gain his end.”

“So, so,” said the Queen. “Well, though
he is such a good son of the Church, and
my lord is so fond of him, I never loved
Morella and I thank you for your warning.
But I must not speak to you of such high
matters, though it seems that some have
thought otherwise. Fair Margaret, have
you aught to ask of me?”

“Yes, your Majesty, that you will deal
gently with my true love when he comes
before you for trial, remembering that he
is hot of head and strong of arm, and that

  

blood-—cannet brook to eee their lady mis-
handled by rough men and the wrappings
that shield. therm torn off their bosoms.
Also I pray that I may be protected from
Morella, thai he may not be allowed to
touch or even to speak to me, who for all
bis rank and splendor hate him as though
Lo were sore polaoned snake.”

“I have gaid that I must not prejudice
your case, you beautiful English Mar-
garet,” the,Queen answered with a smile,
“yet I think that neither of those things
you ask wil} cause justice to slip the band-
age that is about her eyes.

“Go, and be at péace. If you have spoken
truth to mé@, as I am sure you have, and
Isabella of Spain can prevent it, the Sefior
Brome's punishment shall not be heavy,
nor shall the shadow of the Marquis of
Morella, thé baseborn son of a prince and
of some royal infidel”—these words she
spoke with much bitternesa—“so much as
fall upon you, though I warn you that my
lord the King lovés the man, as is but natural,
and will nog condemn him lightly.

“Tell me one thing. This lover of yours
isa brave man, is he not?”

“Verv brave,” answered Margaret smiling.

“And he ride a horae and hold alance,
can he not, at any rate in your quarrel?”

“Aye, your Majesty, and wield a sword,
too, as well as most knights, though he
has been but lately sick. Some learned
that on Bosworth Field.”

“Good. Now farewell,” and she gave
Margaret her hand to kies. Then, calling
two of her officers, she bade them conduct
her back to the prison and say that she
should have liberty to send messages or
to write to her, the Queen, if she should
80 desire.

On the night of that same day Morella
galloped into Seville. Indeed he should
have been there long before, but misled by
the story of the Moors who had escorted
Peter, Margaret and her father out of
Granada, and seen them take the Granada
road, he travelléd thither first, only to find
no trace of them in that city.

Then he returned and tracked them to
Seville, whare he was soon made acquainted
with all that had happened. Among
other things he discovered that ten hours be-

fore awift messengers had been despatched |

to Granada, commanding his attendance
and that of Betty, with whom he had gone
through the form of marriage.

On the following morning he asked an
audience with the Queen, but it was refused
to him, and the King, his uncle, was away.
Next he tried to win admission into the
prison and eee Margaret, only to find that

| neither his high rank and authority nor any

bribe would suffice to unlock its doors.
The Quean had commanded otherwise,
he was informed, and knew Terefrom
that in this matter he must reckon with
Isabella as an enemy. Then he bethought
him of revenge, and began a search for

| Ifiez and the priest Henriques of Motril,

only to find that the former had vanished,
none knew whither, and .the holy father
was safe within the walls of the Inquisition,
whénce he was careful not to emerge, and
where no layman, however highly placed,
could enter to lay a hand upon one of its
officers.

So, full of rage and disappointment, he
took counsel of lawyers and friends, and
prepared to defend the suit which he saw
would be brought against him, hoping
that chance might yet deliver Margaret
into his hands. One good card he held,
which now he determined to play. Castell,
as he knew, was a Jew, who for years had
posed as a Christian, and for such as he
there was no mercy in Seville. Perhaps
for her father’s sake he might yet be able
to work upon Margaret, whom now he
desired to wir more fiercely than ever
before.

At least it was certain that he would try

this or any other means, however hase,
rather than see her married to his rival,
Peter Brome, Also there was the chance
that this Peter might be condemned to im-
prisonment, or even todeath, for the killing
of a soldier of the Hermandad.
’ So Morella made him ready for the great
struggle as best he could, and, since he could
not stop her coming, awaited the arrival
of Betty in Seville.

 

_ CHAPTER XXI.
BETTY STATES HER CASE.

Seven days had passed, during which
time Margaret and her father had rested
quietly in the prison, where, indeed, they
dwelt more as guests than as captives.
Thus they were allowed to receive what
visitors they would, and among them Ber-
naldez, Castell’s agent, who told them of all
that passed without.

Through him they sent messengers to
meet Betty,on her road and appraise her of
how things stood, and of the trial in which
her cause would be judged. Soon the mes-
sengers returned, stating that the “March-
ioness of Morelia” was travelling in state,
accompanied by a great retinue, that she
thanked them for their tidings and hoped

| to be able to defend herself at all points.

At this new’ Castell stared and Margaret
laughed, for, although she did not know
ali the story, she was sure that in some way
Betty had the mastery of Morella and
would not be easily defeated, though how
she came to be travelling with a great ret-
inue she could not imagine. Still, fearing
lest she should be attacked or otherwise
injured, she wrote a humble letter to the
Queen, praying that her cousin might be
defended from all danger at the hands of
any one whatsoever until she had an op-
portunity of giving evidence before their
Majesties. .

Within at hour came the answer that the
lady was under the royal protection and
that a guard had been sent to escort her and
her party and to keep her safe from inter-
ference of any sort; also that for her greater
comfort quarters had been prepared for
her in a fartress outside of Seville, which
would be watched night and day, and
whence she would be brought to the court.

Peter wag still kept apart from them, but
each day at noon they were allowed to meet
him in the walled garden of the prison,
where they talked together to their hearts’
content. Here, too, he exercised himself
daily at all manly games, and especially
at sword play with some of the other pris-
oners, using sticks for swords.

Further, he was allowed the use of his
horse that be had ridden from Granada, on
which he jousted in the yard of the castle
with the Governor and certain other gentle-
men, proving himself better at that play
than any of them. These things he did
vigorously and with ardor, for Margaret
had told him of the hint which the Queen
gave her, and he desired to get back his full
strength and to perfect himself in the
handling of every arm which was used in
Spain.

So the time went by, until one afternoon

the Governor informed them that Peter's |

trial was fixed for the morrow and that
they must accompany him to the court
to be examined also upon all these matters.
A little later came Bernaldez,who said that
the King had returned and would sit with
the Queen and that already this affair had
made much stir in Seville,where there was
much curiosity as to the story of Morella’s
marriage, of which many different tales
were told.

That Margaret and her father would be
discharged he had little doubt, in which

of Peter's chances he’could say nothing,

for they depended upon what view the
| King took of his offence and, though un-
acknowledged, Morejla was the King's
nephew and had his ear.

Afterwarg they went down into the
garden and there found Peter, who had
just returne! from his jousting, flushed
with exercise and looking very manly and
handsome. Margaret took hie hand and,
walking aside, told him the news.

“Lam glad,” he anawered, “for the sooner
this business is begun the sooner it will be
| done. “But, @vect,” and here his face
| grew very eurnest, “Morell: has much

| power in thie land, and I have broken its
| law, so none knows what the end will be.
| “I may, be condemned to death or impris-
| onment, or perhaps, if I am given the chance
| with better luck I may fall fighting, in any
of which cases we shall be separated for a
| while or altogether. Should this be so,
| I pray that you will not stay here, either
in the hore of rescuing me.or for other
reasons; since while youare in Spain Morella
| will not cease from his attempts to get
hold of you, whereas in England you will
be safe from him.”
| When Margaret heard theae words she
| sobbed aloud, for the thought that harm
might. come to Peter seemed to choke her.
| “In all things I will do your bidding,”
she said, “yet how can I leave you, dear,
while you are alive, and if perchance
you should die, which may God prevent,
how can I live on without you? Rather
| suall I seek to follow you very swiftly.” .
| “I do not desire that,” eaid Peter. “TI
desire that you should endure your days
till the end and come to meet me where I
am in due season and-not before. I will
add this, that if in after years you should
meet any worthy man and havea mind to
marry him, you should do ao, for I know
well that you will never forget me, your
first love, and that beyond this world lie
; others where there are no marrying or
| giving in marriage. Let not my dead hand
| lie heavy upon you, Margaret.” °
“Yet,” she replied in gentle indignation,
“heavy must it always lie, since it is about
my heart. Be sure of this, Peter, that if
such dreadful ill should fall upon us, as
you left me so shall you find me, here or
| hereafter.”

“So be it,” he said with a sigh of relief,
for he could not bear to think of Margaret
as the wife of some other man, even after
he was gone, although his honest, simple

| nature and fear lest her life might be made
|; empty of all joy caused him to say what
| he had said.
|

 

 

Then behind the shelter of a flowering
bush they embraced each other as do those
who know not whether they will ever kiss
again, and the hour. of sunset having come
parted as they must.

On the following morning once more
Castell and Margaret were led to the Hail
of Justice in the Alcazar, but this time
Peter did not go with them. The great
court was already full of counsellors, offi-
cers, gentlemen and ladies who had come
from curiosity, and other folk connected
with or interested in the case.

As yet, however, Margaret could not see
Morella or Betty, nor had the King and
Queen taken their seats upon the throne.
Peter was already there, standing before
the bar with guards on either side of him,
and greeted them with a smile and a nod
as they were ushered to their chairs near by.

Just as they reached them also trumpets
were blown, and from the back of the hall,
walking hand in hand, appeared their
Majesties of Spain, Ferdinand and Isabella,
whereat all the audience rose and bowed,
remaining standing till they were seated
on the thrones

The King, whom they now saw for the
first time, was a thick set, active man with
pleasant eyes, a fair skin and a broad fore-

head, but, as Margaret thought, somewhat
| slyfaced, the face of a man who never
| forgot his own interests in those of another.

Like the Queen, he was magnificently at-
tired in garments broidered with gold
and the arms of Aragon, while in his
hand he held a golden sceptre surmounted
by a jewel, and about his waist, to show
that he was a warlike King, he wore his
long, cross handled sword.

Smilingly he acknowledged the homage
of his subjects by lifting his hand to his
cap and bowing. Then his eye fell upon
the beautiful Margaret, and turning he
put a question to the Queen ina light, sharp
voice, arking if that were the lady whom
Morella had married, and, if so, why in the
name of heaven he wished to be rid of her.

Isabella answered that she understood
that this was the sefiora whom he had de-
sired to marry when he married some one
else, as he alleged, by mistake, but who
was in fact affianoed to the prisoner before
them; a reply at which all who heard it

| laughed.

At this moment the Marquis of Morella,
accompanied by his gentlemen and some
long gowned lawyers, appeared walking
up the court, dressed in the’ black velvet
that he always wore, and glittering with
orders. Upon his head was a cap, also of
black velvet, from which hung a great
pearl, and this cap he did not remove even
when he bowed to the King and Queen,
for he was one of the few grandees of Spain
who had the right to remain covered before

| their Majesties.

They acknowledged his salutation, Ferdi-
nand with a friendly nod and Isabella with
a cold bow, and he, too, took the seat that
had been prepared for him. Just then
there was a disturbance at the far end of
the court, where one of its officers could be
heard calling:

“Way! Make way for the Marchioneas of
Morella!” At the sound of this name the
Marquis, whose eyes were fixed on Mar-
garet, frowned fiercely, rising from his
seat as though to protest, then, at some
whispered word from a lawyer behind him,
sat down again.

Now the crowd of spectators separated,
and Margaret, turning to look down the
long hall, saw a procession advancing up
the lane between them, some clad in armor
and geome in white Moorish robes blazoned
with the scarlet eagle, the cognizance of

} Morella. In the midst of them, her train
supported by two Moorish women, walked
a tall and beautiful lady, a coronet upon her
brow, her fair hair outepread, a purple
cloak hanging from her shoulders, half
hiding that same splendid robe sewn with
pearls which had been Morella’'s gift to
Margaret, and about her white bosom the
chain of pearls which he had presented to
Betty in compensation for her injuries.

Margaret stared and stared again, and
her father at Ler side murmured:

“Itis our Betty! Truly fine feathers make

fine birds.” .
To be continued.

Tyranny in Morocco.
From the Review of Reviews.

In Morocco the Government will not : Moe
grain to be sent from one part of the couniry
to the other, and consequently a district may
be so rich in corn one year that the harvest
rote for lack of labor to gather it and the

THE SUN, SUNDAY, AUGUST 4,

| were kidnapped in London by one who I | such knights a@ he-for knightly is his , case their ship was ready for them; but }

eee

|

'
'

 

i a

ESTE

following season may see positive starvation .

in the same section.

Indystry is ‘alyzed, for no sooner does
a man show signs of wealth than the local
Governor for black-

es down upon him ol
mail, and if he does not pay he is thrown ino
a dungeon and left to aaa mene. Be
be not decapitated =

@ spike above the city’s gate as «
tu otaers. °

1907. .

ARK FLAMINGO'S _
_REAPPEARANCx. |

An Unexpected Guest m the Dinner
That Was to Be Gentleman
George’s Last.

1.

It may be remimbered that Mies Rachel
Brune was left at Cadiz Inn in the land-
lord’s charge on that evintful night whin
Mark Flamingo druv off with me in the
pony cart to pay due respect to the sooper-
stitus remains of his wife. Miss Brune
had been wan of the party at the Inn, of
which Mr. and Mra. Flamingo and Gentle.
man George Ringgold were the odder
corescondint parts~the wan, indeed, to |
whose intrigooin’ inflooance were mainly
due Mr. Flamingo's infateratun and death,
the disappearance of Mrs. Flamingo with
her fummer lover and the flight’ of Jarge
and mo t’roo the black dark to kiver from
the avinger of blood.

-It_ might be supposed that arter such a
olearin’ of the stage the cuttun wud have |
been rung down for bad and all on Miss
Brune, but the ilemint of surprise kem
into the worrold whin woman did, and it
has stayed by her iver since.

Whin money talks summise keeps silent.
The safest hidin’ place is where cash in
advance is the invar'able rule, for the im-
plied contact goes with it that no questuns
will be ast.

Actin’ on these truisms of trouble Jarge
and me sneaked back to town, and before
the tragedy at the old Brick Church oud
be cried in the marnin’ papers had tuk
refuge in a quiet house on the waterfront,
there to abide till the cluds rolled by.

The papers kem out, marnin’, extry and
evenin’, but niver a wud in anny of thim
of the stiffened corps with a knife cut
t’roo the heart which wanst had been
Mark Flamingo.

“I don’t understand it, Smithers,” com-
plained Jarge. “The pony cart under
the shed must have attracted attentun,
to say nawthin’ of the busted vistry dure.”

“No news is good news,” says I, revertun
for comfort to me Scriptooral trainun.

“Not whin wan is m’rooned on a cussed
desert island like this,” he growled, walking
restlessly to the winder.

Acrost the way waa an ocean pier, from
which a grayhound was jest about to slip
out with the favorin’ tide.

“The case may be held up be the aut’ori-
ties.” mused Jarge. “There are plain
clothes men and plinty over there; gad, but
I cud call the roster of Headquarters.
Mebbe they are watchin’ for Mrs. Flamingo
and her man. But, no—did you iver see
the like of that, Smithers? Right t'roo the
midst of thim!”

Even as Jarge talked a cab had drawn
up at the ind of the pier. Out stepped the
good natered, portly chap we had seen
with Mrs. Flamingo the night before at
Brookside House. He assisted to alight
a veiled leddy of famil’ar farm.

Arter a wud or two as to their luggage
they wint aboard. In a few minutes the
steamship put out. As her stern swung
into the stream we cud ee the portly chap
on the upper deck sillywetted in the waning
light.

Clus be his side stud the leddy. Her
veil was raised. It was Mrs. Flamingo, and
no mistake. And they wore wavin’ their
native land a long farewell.

“That beats puttin’ ealt on a bud’s tail,”
chuckled Jarge. .

“The beaks wasn't arter thim; they
know nawthin’ aginst thim,” I said deci-
sively. “But that fellow with his arm
about the post is in different case, Jarge.”

“By Jove, he is,” agreed Jarge, squintin’
hard’ t'roo his glasses. “He's onto thim;
he’s watchin'jthim: he's glad they've gone.
There's somethin’ in his interest wuth
knowin’. Confound the cuss, where have
I seen him before?”

“At Cadiz Inn,” I answered quit!>.
“That's Shartell, the landlord.” And even
as I spoke the big dark complected fellow
with a contented shrug strode away.

A lump of a man, Shartell; slow, de-
liberate, niver excited: he nivertheless
advanced to his objict some’at arter an
elephant’s fashun, brushin’ aside with
contempt obstacles that might destrain
wan less forceful and headstrong. Oh, yis,
he knew what he was up to ivery time,
and he med for it, too, in his cold, sober

 

 

 

-

Trut, rises often like the sun; its light
glimmerin’ t’roo a mist before it shines full
and free. At fust you see objicts distarted
and strange, but little by little they become
manifest, and thin you wonders why you
fell down so often in getting to thim and
onto thim.

Arter clus discussun, Jarge and I decided
that in some mysterus way Shartell had
learned of the murder of Mark Flamingo
in the old brick church and was keeping it
secrit for pupposes of his own. How and
why, we naterally thin ast.

Well, for wan t’ing, there was the pony
cart hitched under the church shed, and for-
gotten by us all in the panic of discovery.
The pony might have slipped the hitching
strap and trotted back to the inn.

Shartell might have follered back his
tracks, entered the church and found the
corpse. If he chose, he wud have had no
difficulty, in tuckin’ it away out of sight
and mind in the old idifice long since given
over to rate and ghosts.

If he chose? Shartell's reason wud be a
practical reason. No matter about the
means if the ind in view was bright and
yeller and jingled in the hand.

In the cur’us knowledge picked up in his
trade he.wud know Flamingo as a man
who had been as warm as he now was cold;
wan, who though marret had lived in his
own snug little box, detasho4,; and wisely
80, too; who had cut off b:-isiness cares and |
connectuns, who had no odildren or rela-
tives; whose frinds were fellows easily met
and easily shaken. ;

Suppose now he had suspicted that Mrs.
Flamingo was about, to lose hersilf for love,
might he not have banked upon the possi-
bilities enough to have hid the body tem-
porarily; might he not, after the confum-
matun of havin’ seen her aail be the light of
the moon to the odder aice of the worrold
and not alone, in some w‘iy have put hinself
into Flamingo's place and possesauns?

And 6o, arter sucl: sweet convuss, Jarge
and I looked for'ard to the morrow t'rco
our glasses, seein’ the oriole of hope radder
than the shadder of fear.

“The papers kem out, and wanst more
Jarge and I searched him t'roo, each arter
his bent, me, commerc'al, him, soo’al, ands’
neéder in vain.

“Hear to this now!” I cried, my finger on
the sicond' item of the fust colyumn of
“Business Chances,” and I read as follers:

For sale oheap to close up business, that
old established country hotel known as
Cadiz Inn, together with ten acres of good
garden land adjacent, stables, sheds, 4c.,

“I matches you,” replied Jarge, and he
flashed this nugget from the inexhaustible
mine of society news: ;

' All true lovers of. the -turf-will.share our
regret in anneuncing the resignation of Mr.

Mark Flamingo as steward of the Nottothe-
saift track, Am obscure ailment,
chronic, has assumed a threatening activity
and will confine this prince of good fellows
to hie #ttburban home for many weeks, A
bumper, Mark, to your speedy recovery.

“An affectun of the heart, I shud say,”
suggisted Jarge

“Yic,” I added, “accompanied by atiff-

  

 

 

| coarse, horrible details—wby, for a million

|

ness of the j'ints and shortness of the breat’.” |

And thin, j'ining hands, we danced around
the blamed old centretable, with ita red
kiver beer stained, cigar burned, so glad
were we that our silf-imposed custody
was over.

“An interprising’ gent, this Shartell of | I

yours,” reflicted Jarge. “Quick to neck
a sitooatun and go t’roo its clothes. {
t'ink it wud be well for us to call on him
at his eubbuban villa and p'int out the ad-
vantages of the rule of t'ree.”

“Espio'ally whin combined with division
and silencé,” I agreed

And so it happened that afternoon, as
bold as a righteous line, we perceeded to the
rooral retreat where Mark Flamingo had
set up his Penates unly to keep on settun
‘em up again.

Jarge was in that hyleerus mood which is
the most agreeable stage of mintal intoxi-
catun.
be all right but it was all right.

Alriddy he had crowded Shartell into q carved in

earner, t'reatened him with expesur',

extorted nine-tinth of the graft, and thin

sailed off over moonlit seas to the land
where all times are good times. But I had
me puttybatuns.

“It ien't "k> Shartell,” I objicted. “He
lacks—v uat the divvle is it, Jarge. whin the
monkey puts the cat's paw in the fire arter
the chestnuts.”

“The initiative?”

“He lacks it annyway.”

There was a rolling sound. I looked
back to see a stout little nag and rid wheeled
cart toolin’ rapidly down the road. I gev’
a warnin’ sign. We bot’ ducked behind
a tree, and jest in time.

Past ewep’ the idintical pony cart in which
I had driv’ with Flamingo to the old brick
church; and within it, guidin’ the ribbons,
stately and composed, set Miss Rachel
Brune.

Ll.

Areg'lar vanity box of a house, half hid by
vorubbery and trees, with an air about it
which seemed to say “No admittance ex-
cipt on pleasure.” This remoteness was
accintooated by a fat and tubbaned colored
wench asleep at the back dure and a
drunken clown catchin’ flies on the stable
bench, alike incapable of t'ought save of
food and drink. Ividently the servante
had benn s'lected on account of stoopidity
inetid of in spite of it,as ginerally happens.

We slipped unnoticed t’'roo the kitching
and thince to the dining room, sequistering
oursilves respectfully on eeder side of the
cuttoned dureway. What with the side-
boord on wan side and an antic chiest on
the odder it wud go hard if we cudn’t
disappear before anny of the inmates ap-
peared. Meanwhile, it was to listen.

Peerin’ t’roo the swing of the cuttun I
seen Miss Brune at the desk betune the
front winders; while standin’ at the side
was Big Shartell.

“A pretty good day's work, my man,”
she was sayin’ as she sorted a pile of yeller-
backs all a-dazzle with X-rays. “You see
I knew poor Flamingots ways so well that
there really wasn't anny risk. He allus
kep’ his checks signed in blank; I had ofting
filled thim out for him before. Now, with
bot’ the banks anc. the public notified of
his disability there will be no trooble in
cleanin’ out his accounts, good twinty
t’ousand, say in t’ree mont’s time, with
the bist of livin’ here meanwhile. You
must want some change; will this do for
the prisint?”

“And thin?” ast Shartell eagerly, his dull
face lighted, as he tucked away the yaller
slab that she sliced off indiff’rint from the

roll of life.
She watched him narrerly under heavy

cide, for all her unconcern, takin’ his measure
like an expert in spiritooal gownds, and
perceivin’ how avarice was ragin’ within
him like a t’irst in a desert.

“Oh, you have his fortun’ bot’ reel and
pussonal in mind?” she anwsered, doubt-
fully. “That dipinds——”

“Lieten, Miseus,” Shartell wint on, gainin’
power with ivery wud, like some great
boulder eset in motun. “I put my eggs all
in wan basket whin I wint into this deal
with you.

“I hung back, you know I did, whin,
arter I had brought you wud that Flamingo
lay muddered stark and stiff in the isle
of the old church, you claimed that there
might be a millun or more in it for us to
divide. I didn't bury the body safe and
sure in the old Dommino’s grave under
the pulpit, raisin’ and settun the stun that
hadn't been disturbed for a hunder year—
God, whet a job!—I didn’t stalk Mrs. Fla-
mingo #nd her man t'roo the city until I
seen thim off'on the ship for iver and a
day. { didn’t sell my place in the country,
where I feels like mysilf and nowhere ilee,
and come to this bandbox for a fistful of
chicking feed.

“I want my full sheer of the houses, the
lands, the certificater, the scrip—yis, and
I'm goin’ to have thim, too, if I swing for it.”

She laughed full in hie black, inflamed
face; it was amazin’ to see her.

“That is a contradictun in tarms,” says
she, as cool as a schoolmistress. “If you
swing. how can you have thim? Tut, tut,
man, did you niver hear of the fool who
killed the goose that laid the golden egg?
Likely he swung for it, too; I'm eure he
shud. Sensible folks like you and me don't
swing for money; they live to enjoy it.”

“Yis, but they gits it.”

“They do, in time, after every contingency
has been provided for, every danger guarded
aginst. I don't say that with my knowl-
edge of Mr. Flamingo’s affairs and my abil-
ity to imitate his handwriting I might not
80 contrive that the great bulk of his prop-
erty shud come into our hands; but what
wud be the use if a man remained alive, as
unscrupulous, as acquainted with the facts
as we, all in readiness to anatch from us
what we had secured?”

“And there is such a pusson?” Shartell’s
great hand were clinched, his brow was
ghastly pale and beaded.

“I am jest writin’ to him to dine with me
to-morrer evenin’. Here is his address.”

Shartell snatched the dainty envelope.

“Mr. George Ringgold,” he read. “Ah, I
remimbers,” he muttered. “He was with
you allat the luncheon as Flamingo’s frind.
And you t’ink he’s a crook?”

“I know he is, a most deaprit wan, and for
that very reason niver to be missed if he
drops, or is dropped, out of sight.”

“And he will dine here to-morrow night?”

“Dine long and late, with many a drink
betune. Whin he goes out. into the black
of those trees, where the eart’ is soft and not
likely to be disturbed for years; he won't
know where he is; mebbe no wan ilse will
iver know eeder.”

“Cudn’t it be done here, in the house?”
Shartell whispered.

Mies Brune gev’ a little squeak like a sick
girl; she kivered her eyes with her white
hands.

“Oh, abominable!” she protisted, with a
shudder, “Don't you know that I cudn't

endure to see a fly harmed?

uct th

jus the y

arto hana | a
.“Itmay a , but “Th

the sight of the battlefield itself, all the | of the 2m

tong , millions I wudn't do what you did the odder

night in that old church. I shud go mad,
Iknow I wud, at the faintest, tiniest glimpee,
“No, uo, you must do it as I say; there
is not half the risk I am going to take for
you. I'll draw tin t'ousand to-morrer
marnin’ in these (beautiful crisp veliow
bills, a reward of valor for you, for you,
“And thin think of all it means whin that
wretoh is out of our way—wealth without
mit. Come upstairs into the library and
I will show you the schedules of what is
waiting for ue. Come, my hero, come.”
At the sound of their retreatin'’ steps
crop’ over to Jarge's side. He was gray
and trimbly, but rage was in his aves, 1
lifted the lid of the great antic chist. Ig
was impty.
“Are you riddy to make a try for that
tin t’ousand, the price of your head?” I ast.
“I'll do annythin’, annythin’,” he mut.

| tered. “What do you suggist?”

|

 

 

“A deed without a name,” I answered,
as I led him back to the stable.
IV.
Late the nixt evenin’ | crouched behind
the sideboard in the warm and cozy dinin’
room. Jarge, av coorse, was not opposhet

Not unly was everyt'ing going tO | ime in hidin'’ on the odder side of the cuttun,

but the big black chist, ite kiver curunly
antic fashun, was there, and
not impty, eeder.

“No, indeed, it wasn't impty, for why
ilss had we driven the pony cart t'roo the
black dark to the old brick church the
night before, why Ilse had we gritted our
teet’ to a task before which dimmons might
quail, why ilee had we driven back at a
slower rate, an indless rate, with cold
sweat all adrip, excipt to pervide that
chist with a tinant not to be named and
‘orrible to behold?

Av coorée, Jarge was not opposhet
he had better game in hand; he aan
poshet a bright and beamin’ leddy in white,
with whiter arms and shoulders and teet'
and black eyes that flamed and smoldered:
a fascinatun leddy who plied him with food
and wine and med almost as much of him,
if thet cud be, as he was accustomed to
make of himself.

It was late, and the house death quiet:
the stoopid sarvints long since garn, jest
the very time to linger long with the cun
that inebriates and the glanct that en-
flames. I wud have felt sure that Jarge
had yielded egein,as he had allus yieldec
before, to the tve-fol; megic that goes
with song, hat I not seen that he was im-
ptyin’ his glass under the boord, and tha:
his eyes, though tinder whin they met hers.
were odderwise sharp and strutinizin’.

And so I knew} not unly that he was
perpared for his part, but that he wud play
it puffict as soon as he found out where
the tin t’ousand was concealed

Mies Brune was ristless, narvous, anx've
to have it over and to sleep the sweet sles;
of the innocint. She walked to the winder,
lookin’ out on the plantatun on the side
and rear t’roo the thick trees of which
Jarge must go to the stable for the little
trap in which he had come. Some'ares
among those ghostly trees Big Shartel!
was layin’ in wait, all tinse to do his job,
and she was wild to have it over that she
might rist contint and in peace.

She tunned and stud behind Jarge’s
clair, her hands on his shoulders, bindin’
lcw so that her warm neck swep’ his cheek.

“I hates to have you go,” she mummered,
“out it is late, the roads are dark and lonely,
a storm is commin’, I'm afraid to have
you stay.”

Jarge got on his feet with simulated
difficulty. ;

“All right,” he muttered, staggerin’ to
the front room, but as he passed, his eyes
tunned like sun signals to me, and I knew
that he knew where the money was hid.

Thin I hurret over to the antic chist
and got busy in « hidjus way not to be
named; wukkin’ with a fierce inergy, which
gev me the strengt’ of tin men, and the
cold sweat of thim too. I had jest finished,
the unbidden guest was jest set in his place
at the tabble—whin I heerd thim comin’.

“You kin go out this way t’roo the kitch-
ing, if you don’t mind,” she was sayin’.
“We hev to be unconventunal in the coun-
try.”

Jarge swung the cuttons apart. For a
moment she stud frozen with borror; thin
with the groan a little child might give
in ite sleep she clutched his arm.

“Look! look!” she

“What's the matter? I don't se
nawthin’,” retarted Jarge.

With wan look of terror she left him,
advancin’ creepy like, as wan with speers
behind and fire ahead might advance,
to the tabble.

“Mark, mark,” she moaned, “forgive,”
but divvle a wud from Mark.

Her white hands olutohed and tore her
whiter buzzum. She snatched from it a
roll of yellers, ah, how the infunnal X-rays
did glow, and t’rew thim for'’ard as if in
part’al restitutun. She swayed, she bint,
she lay low, as white and still as a beautyus
lily rint by the storm. .

And Jarge and me, our booty in hand,
crep’ out of the house the front way, leavin’
the unbidden guest, stern and silent like
a Judge, waitin’ wanst more to pernounce
martal doom, whin Big Shartell shud come
from the rear.

THE TASMANIAN ABORIGINE.

Last of the Race—Discovery That Was Made
Teo Late.

Hobart correspondence Indianapolis News.

The visitor to Tasmania can have an ex
perience that is novel—he can call on the last
of the native race of the land. ' She is Truca-
ninni, and she holds receptions in a glass case
in the National Museum, There is only (he
skeleton left, but judging from that she was
a well organized little body of about 4 feet

The Tasmanian aborigine was a clean sort
of person, moving every day, so as not to haré
the dirt or ashes of yesterday in his camp.
The mode was uncut hair for men, shaved
heads for women. Both wore at times a neck-
lace and also on occasions tied a atrip of fur
around the calves of their legs. They seemed
to get along very well with this even though
the winters were cold.

Then came the white man with his gun and
his modesty. Between the gun and the biaok
blanket and some other clothes and the perma-
nent shelter, there was only ‘one lef: in the
seventies, and she—Trucaninni—died at about
the age of 70 years in 1876, and her bones, well
articulated and polished, stand in state to-day.

When this face had disappeared the “pale
ozoic fellows” discovered that these Tas-
manian aborigines were probably the world’
only specimens of the people of the stone
age. But the discovery came too late. The
folk who had mixed up with them were
not of the calibre to give the world « ve
good, to say nothing of reliable, record of tbe
inner characteristics of this extra primitive

ple, or their traditional account of

pee hoy,
lack as the ace of «| ’ ,
on this isolated island. Thelt orieeinat rocaed

mich i meg We route Ne bad iS
e t a
y hairs ree provehte not own (0 rhe

ays when slabsof granite were legal tender.
5 se a ae a ti, ‘
Bebbin Boys’ Wages. 4
From the Washington Star.

John B. Lennon, treasurer of the America®
Federation of Labor, delivered recentiy io
Bloomington an address on strikes.

Turning to the amusing features of the
strike question, Mr. Lennon asid:

“I remember a soribe of bo! ys, a just

le bh
ht well, even brilien .
t out they posted

  

bobbin bo