BILL, BART AND THE INDIANS | "ae

UNCLE JASE DIPS DEEP INTO
KNOB COUNTRY HISTORY.

 

With the Ald of Tradition and Cider He Ex-
plains About Mediinnis’s Barren and
Hig Ingin Swamp and Gives Detalis
Nout Really Necemary -Gets Peppery.

LACKAWAXKEN, Pa., Aug. 3.—“Seems to
me | never see Uncle Jase so peppery aa
he was the day he was recomemberin’
some Knob country hist'ry fer the New
York feller who was vacationin’ around
up there,” said the man from that inter-
esting spread of Back-of-Lackawack baili-
wick. “O' course, what he was recomem-
erin’ fer the New York feller he had to
go back more than a hundred years after,
an’ mebbe it was somethin’ of a hard pull
on to him, but yit it don’t seem to me that
he orto got worked up #0 peppery over it.

‘Consarn it all!’ saya he to the New
York vaeationer, ‘that's Big Injun Swamp
hist'ry!’ says he, scowlin’ like all possessed.

‘That hain’t got nothin’ to do with Me.
jinnis’s Barren!’ says he. ‘I told you at
ihe beginpin', consarn it! that I wished

you'd a’ ast me about Big Injin!’ says he.

“And go he had, fer the vacationer had
come to me first an’ ast me what wasthe
reason a landmark that lays ‘way off south
o the Knob, was called McGinnis’s Barren,
an’ not rememberin’ just then what the
reason was, but knowin’ that whatever
it mowt or mowtn’t be Uncle Jase would
know it, L sent fer Jason to come over an’
racomember fer the feller, who was a nice-
appearin’ sort of a chap, an’ seemin'ly
pinin’ to be filled up on Knob country
hist'ry.

“Jase come over, an’ the New York
seoker after the lore and logic o’ things
there. and thereabout went to soundin’
lim,

“‘Unole Jase,’ says he, ‘what do you
spose is the reason they call that intergstin’
ridge setch a ridic'lous name as McGi
Barren?’ says he.

“Now, mebbe that mowt ‘a’ ben the
startin’ of Uncle Jase bein' peppery, come
to think on it, fer he flared consider'ble an’
aape:

“What do I's’ pose ia the reason?’ says he.

S'pose?’ says he. ‘I don't s'pose nothin’
avout it,’ saya he. ‘I know what the reason
is, by hemlock!’ says he.

“The New York vacationer was startin’
in to amooth things over, but Uncle Jase he
waved hie hand an’ says:

“'Never mind! But I wisht you'd ‘a’ ast
ine. what Big Injin Swamp is called Big
Injin 8wamp fer?’ says he. ‘Then I mowt
‘a' give you some p’ints in the hist’ry o’ the
Knob country that'd be wuth your while
a puttin’ im books!’ says he.

“The vacationer was on the p'int o'
changin® his question to suit Uncle Jase
better, but Jason waved bim shet ag’in, an’
says:

“But as long as you didn’t ast me about
Rig Injin,’ says he, ‘I calo'late that you
don't keer to hear about Big Injin, so I'll
tell you how that barren come to be McGin-
nis’s, although the barren ain't McGinnis’s
nor never was!’ says Uncle Jase, an’ that
surprised me consider'ble, fer ever sence
I was knee high to a duck I had heerd it was
MeGQinnis’s Barren, an’ 80 I put in a word an’

Saye:
“The barren ain’t ° McGinnis’s, Uncle
Jase?” f says.@ ‘Why, how’s that?’ I says.

“*How is it? says he. ‘Car McGinnis
is the barren's, that’s how!’ says he, an* he
looked around the room with setch a
sweepin’ an’ all pervadin’ eye that I knowed
(Oo wunet it had see that somethin’ was

~*yiisdin’; an* I told Sairy Ann to go down
cellar’ an’ fetch up the cider. * ‘Cause
McGinnis is the barren's, that’s how!’ says
Uncle Jase, after the cider had come up,
an’ oonsider’ble of it had gone down.

, “An’ after he had thunk a spell, with his
finger ag'in his forrid, he says:

“*As nigh aa I kin figger of it out,’ say¥
he, ‘it was jist about a hundred an’ twenty-
five years now sence Bill an’ Bart, two
neighborin’ settlers along the Big Buahkill,
went out one day to a pastur’ lot to fetch
in a couple o’ hosses that was pasturin’
there. Bill’s t’other name was Cortright
an’ Bart was hooked onto the name o’
MoGinnis. °

“ ‘Bill an’ Bart was jist lettin’ down the
bars an’ was on the p’int o’ steppin’ into
the pastur’ lot when up riz an Injin outen
the bushes on one side, an’ two more In-
jins riz outen the bushes on t’other side,
an’ before Bill or Bart could as much as
peep them Injins had 'em took, an’ away
they started with 'em up country on the
double quick, an’ if it hadn't ben fer Bob,
one o° the Hanners boys that lived two
miles from Bart an’ Bill's place, that barren
down vender wouldn’t never had no name
at all, ‘tain’t likely. But Bob was swingin’
along on the trai o’ them Injins that Faa
took Bart an’ Bill less'n fifteen minutes
arter theyewas took.’

“Uncle Jase held up a little fer to tamper

with the cider, an’ the vacationer sort o’
shook his head an’ says, wonderin’ like:

**Kin you recomember how it was that
Rob Ceodet that Bart an’ Bill had ben took
by Injins,’ says he, ‘so as he could foller
8 soon onto their heels?” - he.

“That idee had kind o’ hit me, too, but
| wasn't goin’ to mention of it. Uncle
Jase got the dipper down an’ I Was Bue I
to see him flare up wuss'n ever, t be

tidn't, He.sot the dipper down an’ says,

erkin’ his thumb over to’rda me:

*'Dan'l here,’ “he says, ‘knows as well
as I do that there hain’ t nothin’ ever come
down to the posterity o’ folks in the ,Knob
country 80 all pervadin’ strong an’ per-
sistin' as this that come to Bob's posterity

that Bob could smell an Injin two mile
an’ more, oaye - ‘That's how Bob
knowed it!’ he. ‘An’ Dan'l here
ows it as wel a I do,’ says he. ‘Don't
you, Dan'l?’ hi

2.
* ‘Every bit as as wel - says. ‘Every durn
bit!’ I says: an’ sold
- That’ 8 how Bob A it!’ says Uncle
Jaane. ‘An’ them Injins knowed that Bob
had that amazin’ nose fer Injins, an’ they
wa'n't goin’ to let no grass grow under
their feet in puttin’ as much o’ the wilder~
ness a they could betwixt them an’ that
nose before it got to workin.’ They had
kot as fur as the big barren, five mile or 80
from where they had took Bart an’ Bill,
an’ then Bart begun to git tuckered out.
He hung back an’ hendered them Injins
®0, not ‘cause he wanted to, but ‘cause his

legs had given out, that the Injins was
afeard they couldn't git to where oo
was goin’ to on time, an’ beyond the reac

0’

Rob's nose, so they sot the tomahawk
into Bart, sculped him, left him layin’ there
an’ acooted on.

“Well, when Bob, follerin’ on that trail,

eome to Bart, layin’ there on the barren,
all tomahawked an’ sculped, he done the
only thing he could do under the circum-
stances; he dug-a grave an’ bu

where he lay, an’ the barren has ben called
MeGinnis's Barren ever since, though it
ain't MeGinnis’s no more than it's mine,
an’ never was. MoGinnis is the barren’s
‘suse his grave wa'n't never disturbed,
an’ what's left of him is there yit.’~
“Uncle Jase tampered with the dipper
agin, an’ then says to me:
,,, Dan’,’ says he, ‘seems to me I never
ry see finer weather fer fishin’,’ says he.
' the signs fer fall shootin’ is better’n
I've seen ‘em fer a coon’s age,’ says he,
“Hut the New York vacationer wa'n't

‘hrough seekin’ fer lore an’ logic t,
an’ he saya to Uncle Jase: a vores
An’ what become o’ Bill?’ says he.

“Hill? says Uncle Jase, lookin’ as if be
surprised at the question. ‘Why,
(idn't have nothin’ to do with why that
‘rren is called McGinnis’s!’ says he. ‘Ir.
was Me(iinnis’s Barren you was astin’ rae

about, wa! n't it?’ aa
York fe'lr, ‘But

t

Yow,’ saye the I

¢

I'd like to know now what could ‘a’ becom
o’ Bill,” says he

tne hy. coonnen it ot’ oF
| ay hhist'ryi? ea
got nothin’ i do wit

Motiinnis’ * Barren!’
ays he. ‘I told

‘ou at the beginnin’,’
about Big injin. -_
nh, Consarn it * om \e

“'T know it, Unole Jase,’ as tho voce
tioner, ‘an’ Tit ast it now, if it'll be all the
same to you,’ he says, * ‘cause I'm potions
to hear what become o’ Bill,’

“But you tei te ast one Big ojte
if it was Bi jin you wanted to
about,’ says Jase, shakin’ his ad an!
scowlin’, an’ I have an idee that he wouldn't
‘a’ recomembered any more if I hadn’s
waid to Sairy Ann that uhe'd better go down
nN, an’ fetch up some more cider. *

When it come up Unole Jase thunk an-

other spell, an’ then «a:
“Wha [eh sayabe, ‘Well,

the Ensb oomiey pion Se

e Knob country tra

down straight to Bill's terity Tan’)
here unowe as well as To. ety te ~y

them Injin’s made was somethin’ amazin’,
fer though it was erin’ along to'rds eveni’
when the an’ Bill, at gundown

fire on the edge of a big swamp, &

seventeen mile from the — lot

Bill an’ Bart was took! . sir! There

them Injina was, gittin’ iy to light their

me! fire. . t never lit it.

‘oo = reason fer why!’ tye Unete Uncle

the time was that t
injine made through that untrod —
ness, it wa'n't as good as what Bob was
makin’ on their trail. An’ Bob diskivered
somethin’ that the Injins badn't, . ani that
was that Bill was breakin’ off t from
the bushes an’ underbrush al 1 © way,
eo if it Rappenes 4 that Bob in’t come
nigh enough to the scootin’ Injins to amell
‘em on the trail, them broken twigs ,’d show
him which way it was leadin’

ae | lo an’ behald yel who should come
along ine Bob but two more Pioneers
who’ had yen out deer huntin’, an’ conse-
kently had their rifles with ‘em.

“'The Injins got to the edge o’ the big
swamp jist as the sun was gettin’. One
o’ the three was a tremenjous big buck,
an’ he was layin’ off an’ takin’ it easy,
while a second one was jist strikin’ a flint
to light the camp fire. The third Injin
stood leanin’ ag’ina tree. Bill was tum
in a heap off to one side.

“‘Seddently, crack! crack! crack! three
rifles bellered out in the stillness o’ that
swam). The Injin with the flint tumbled
onto the faggote he was jiat on the p'int
0’ lightin’, deader'n a p ‘isened pup. T'other
un at the tree slid down an’ curled up in
a heap o' good Injin, ‘cause he was jist
as dead as the one acrost the faggots.
The big Injin sprung to his feet an’ jumped
into the thick laurels.

“**Glory!” hollera Bill, jumpin’ to bis
feet. “This is aittin’ free without etrainn’
your lungs or liftin’ a finger!” he hollers.

‘He dn’t sceercely hollered when
hang! went a rifle off in the laurels an’
Bill come tumblin’ to the ground a con-
sarned sight quicker than he got up vit

“ ‘Bob he fired at the spot where the shot
had come from, an' a yell setch as none

| of ‘em had ever heerd afore riz ougenthe
laurela. Bob sloshed hia wav into swamn.
The big Injin laid there dead, clutchin’ bis
rifle, an’ thev left him there.

“He had heerd Bill shoutin’ an’ exultin’
an’ had turned to take a partin’ shot at
him. His aim was a leetle to the bad, fer
hia bullet only ketched, Rill in the thigh,
When Bob found that Bill wa'n'’t dead he
says to him:

“After this,” he says, “don’t never
neon ‘fore you're outen the wooda'” he

a That’ what become Bill,’
Uncle Jase,

they was gittin’ ready to light their foot
Ww

o'

domes down from Bill t> his posterity, as
Dan' 1 here knowa as well as I do,’ says he,
‘an’ I could ‘a’ told vou go in the first place
if you had onlv ast me about Big Injin!’
says he, peppery aa kyann.

“But the New York vacationer thanked
Uncle Jase, an’ when the cider was gone
an! I didn't tell Sairy Ann to go down ce
an’ git some more Uncle Jase went away.
Then the vacationer says to me:

wl, seems to me I can't help sort o’
believin,’” saya: he, ‘tat it wouldn't ‘a
made a durn hit 0’ @lamn to tradition
whether Bill had broke them twigs off on
the trail, or whether Bob couldn't ‘a’ amelt
them Injins two yarde,’ says he. ‘It started
Bob off with the intention o’ rescuin’ Bill
- Be niet erat an’ lopped-ot done it,
though instead o’ twigs lop off to guide
him big sawlogs had be'n piled two layers
high in his path, fer I'm convinced,’ says he,

‘that. when Knob country tradition, an’
p'tie’ly Knob country tradition as reco-
membered by Unlce Jase, sets out to rescue
folks from Injins them folka im goin’ to be
rescued, an’ nothin" kin stop it!’ says he.

“An’ I was aorry Uncle Jase wa'n’t there
to hear him, fer it'd a tickled him tremen-
jous, an’ made that pepperishness o’ his’n
turn mild as milk, I know!”

 

on
WEIGHING THE MAIIS.
Done Every Four Years as a Basis for Rali-

road Contracts.

The railroads are paid for carrying the
mails on the basis of a contract running
four years. Once during this period ad-
ditional men are put on the mail cars, whose
duty is to weigh all mail received and de-
livered at each station.

The figures thus secured are assumed to
represent an average of the amount of mail
carried on that route, and become the basis
of the contrgct. Four years later a few
period of weighing is begun, and the con-
tract is revised in accordance with the new
figures.

The United States is divided into four
contract districts, says System, and the
weighing is carried on simultaneously in all
parts of a district. The following year
some other district is weighed, and thus the
circuit of the country is covered in the four
year period.

Each district contains several weighing
divisions. For example, in the district
which comprises the North Central States,
weighings will be conducted simultaneously
in the divisions centring at Chicago, Cleve-
land and Cincinnati.

It is in the tabulation and compilation of
the reports sent in by these official weighers
that the evetem devised by Carle C. Hunger-
ford RY the railway mail service is em-

plo
3 Ae weighing of the mails for the pur-

pose of re the contract is not a new
departure,” Mr. Hungerford. “That
was part oft he old system. The mail
weighers have cards on which they record
the weight of the mail taken on at each
station on the route, and also the weight
put off. Another card the weet
on the return trip between Cosme

“This process of daily weighin a up
for ninety days, and the totals. ‘mun be
footed at the end of each week and the
end of the whole period. Formerly eaqh
day's report was entered by the clerks
on @ large tabulating eect three feet long
and two feet wide, and fi a
totalled vertically and hor

“The size of job Soe oon when
I tell you that the report of just two trains
on a Fong run for the period of ‘mney days
took up thirteen of these la

“The work aon twen
in the Chicago C adamnaee durin,
time of the weigh
afterward. Then t
ror in the footings.

“So we developed the plan of Going omy
with oe tabulating sheet al
ime ne aaene sateen
vaead stri rmanent record of the
weights. a wo first entering
figures on the large sheet and then trans-
ferring them to the machine, one man
reads the amounts from the w

rt and another operates the ine.

“The figures for a week are kept
gather. and totals taken for each town,

a the end the totals are taken for the whole

rOrThe cipher in the middle of the column
marks the dividing line between the columns
for mail <= train and mail
on. At end of the w weighing
the totals for the various w are footed

on the machine.
“We can do the Work with half the clerks
months to fash the reper Gelso
mon a w
ing ol Heretofore we had
twenty-five men at work, “abulel
ee aw now half the number can

ae dye ao A
, and for three sienthe
was liability of er-

male ite

7

ce

   

wh
records bi,
k
leached
kk
bra
i
ga
prageeener look
transfixed
d
bra’ call such
taken all
black bearded
one that
taken nd lance
to
“ae8 | setf Branstetene

| “I don’t suppose Hite really meant to

bo:
bunch, and h
ed
ppose
“The broth
mon
a

~=| SAW IRSSE JAMES THI

A BOY'S MEETING WITH TWO
NOTED OUTLAWS.

Weed Hite's Crucity Made a Swimmer of
Him—Jesso James's Striking Appear-
ance—Last Visit te Old Chum—Hise Pro
sentiment of the Fate He Was to Moet.

 

“Not long ago I met up with young
Jesse James,” said a man, the sod of an
army officer, who epent his youth at Western
army posts. “Young Jesse recently came
out at the top of his law clades in Kansas
City.

“He isa a bright but singularly taciturn
chap--like hie dad before him in that re-
spect. He looks a good deal like his father,
barring the elder Jesse's beard, and this
is a boost for bim, fer the outlaw was a
handeome man--a man who, though he
oame of stock rather below middling, had
the carved features and many other pointe
of the thoroughbred, including remarkably
@nall hands and feet.

“I had two good looks at Jesse James,
the outlaw—onoe when he was living and
the other when he was dead. And, with
my. younger brother, 1 was once at the
age of 8 the terrified and sbrieking victim
of a famous member of the James gang,
Wood Hite.

“That little incident was an odd affair.
It was due to that desperado’s innate
cruelty and his hankering to inflict torture
upon human creatures—-for Hite was the
most reckless and merciless devil of the
James gang, I've often heard it said--that
my brother ani | became pretty good
swimmers.

“My brother was 7 and I was only a
little bit more than 8, and we use@ to aneak
away from home to go swimming in the
wicked Missouri River, which flows past
Fort Leavenworth. When we got down
to our regular wallowing spot at the river-
side one hot afternoon we found a huge
red haired and red bearded fellow sitting
in the shade of a tree close to the verge,
fapning himeelf with his sombrero

“He spoke to us in ap agreeable way
and we dida't mind him. We stripped to
fool around in the shallow water. The red
bearded man watched us for a while, and
then he climbed into an old leaky skiff that
was pulled up on the river bank.

“ ‘Get in, young ‘uns,’ he said to us pleas-
antly--he had an agreeable speaking voice
when he chore to make it so, ‘and we'll have
a little ride."

“We climbed into the stern sheets of the
akiff, a pair of pleased naked youngsters.
Without saying a word the red bearded
man rowed the skiff out to the middle of
the Big Muddy, which is a mile or nearly a
mile wide at Fort Leavenworth, and the
ourrent was as swift asa millrace out there
and filled, with sucking eddies: When he
pulled the boat to midstream, he dropped
the oars, rose, calmly stepped to where we
sat huddled in the stern sheets, picked us
up one by one and deliberately tossed us

rays | Over the side of the skiff into the arrowy
‘cause that's how the tradition | river.

“Did we swim? Well, you'll observe
that I am here for one, to show that we
swam all right. We had to swim. There
wasn't anything to it.

drown us. All he wanted to do was to tor-
ture us. We spluttered and hollered and
shrieked, but we swam. As we passed
down with the current he picked up the
oars and followed us in the akiff.

“We got hold of the skiff and he helped
us in. He allowed us to breathe for a bit,
and then he threw us overboard again.
He repeated this half a dozen times or
more.

“We whimpered and beg FES but he paid
no attention to that. He'd just pick us up
and chuck us into the ewirllng stream like
as if we were part of a skiffload of cobble.
stones, take us out when we began to sho
« ns of complete exhaustion, and then

we'd rested up in the boat for a short

}, heave us overboard again. He got
tl red of the sport after about three-quarters
of & hour at it, and rowed us ashore.

We had, of course, no idea who the man
was, About a month later Wood Hite,
killed by another desperado, waa lying in
the morgue attached to the Leavenworth
calaboose. My brother and I knew Dona-
van, the = in abar B qpespe of the calaboose

us into the dead

way took the sheet from his

face, ‘and ~~. ha a poe ay ee ond I cochangee

chalky other. He was the

man who'd oop ; enter oving ing himself that day

Mada tossing us into the middle of the Big
ud

‘ot out of the dead room we
immediate! an, of course, to brag to
our pal about how we'd been in the
same ith the dead desperado of the
James ow he had chucked us
into the water and all that, and word of it
reac my dad a few days later, and I
the two of us were not whaled toa
fravele or anything like that.
er and [I were pretty good
swimmers from that time on. The tortur-
ing outlaw had given us swimming nerve.
We had confidence, for we'd ha

en we

vette was only about a year after that when
I saw Jesse James himeelf alive and dead,
and both times within the space of about a

nth.

“At the end of the Government military
reservation in Leavenworth an Seat
named Jeff Brunstetter kept a groce’

t a lot of time hai aroun “nid
way back to the post from the
venworth.

re on m
school in
“One afternoon I was corked off ona heap
-_ sacks of bran in the rear of Jeff's
a dime novel—curiously
enon iRe me novel concerned the do-
lames gang—when one of the
an striking ing looking men that I ever saw,
before or after. into the store. He
was nearly 6 feet tall, and, even with the
rather bi linen duster that shrouded
“ to down below the tops of his spurred
boots, as straight as a lance, with
a ders so broad that they seemed al-
most out of pi preperees with the fineness
his waistline, oh showed where the linen
duster wrinkled in at his middle.
“He wore a big cream oatored sombrero,
ushed somewhat back on his jet black
ir, and hie heavy beard, as black as the
under side of a raven’s wing, was in curious
eontrast to the strange lor of his skin—
he'd been under gover for a long time then,
and his face had b out. But the
man’s eyes were what took me, daunted
and rather frightened me.

meee were extraordinarily large, not of

kind, but just big an perfecti
bo © poppin oft ~— {tas an flashing
blackness. en the man entered the door
he cast those eyes about in a quick, roving
lance that took everything in at the one
flash, including me, the kid on the sacks of
no. I caught his and I shrank from
the immense of that quick

76, not because oe were essentially
wicked, but because of the impaling pene-

tration of

“Jeff Brunstetter, the storekeeper, who
was casting some accounts ind a
rtition at 4eo came out when he
pears the entering Re
visitor. The
— when he saw Sent sanding "has at
the rear. ed like some-

“ye u damned fool!’ he daid to the man
who'd just com in, and I can l how
I said to myself that Jeff must be a mighty

ve man to @ looking man as
the visitor such a ry that, ‘Haven't

of - p airiking
man

a stiff |

trusted = in Missourt, and James
a ‘ back of ee
room

conn, "Seman aid Oot Gat bo tae
grrenah on his way back to his : ie

t. Joe, where his wife was, and de-
cided to dig up Jeff, whom he hadn't seen
for a Me — —=7 ition on the
sack of bran, I heard @xpostu-
lati with the visitor, though | didn’t
catch the words.

Jeff was really put it into Jamee for
taking such a dari nce as walking

a the @ 0

to, when there were a lot of fellows about
in the district who might recognize him
from having been by when James was
putting over bank and train and other

ld robberies in and around Leavenworth.
Then James said:

“They're going to get me. Not the
posse people, but somebody. I don't

now who. But I've got a fooling, bee S
for months, that I’m near the
Glad to look you over again. You fare
mea rood licking when we were young,
and I’ve always liked you for it. Heres
something to keep, if you want it,’ and
outlaw tucked a hand beneath his Le
duster at the belt line, pulled a
from his stuffed leather belt, and handed
it over to Brunatetter. ‘So iong .. Te won't
be long before you ‘ll be bearing. that some-
body has got me.’

“Brunstetter pooh-poohed all that and
advised James to try to reach the weat coast
and make Australia, where he could begin
over and on the level with the bank roll
that he had put away. James shook his
head over that suggestion and with a
grip os Jeff's hand strolled carelessly out.

“As he me he reached out a hand
and gave me a pat on the head. At the
same time he caught sight of the title at
the ne top of the dime novel I_ was reading —

ames Boys at Blue Cut,’ or some-

thing of that sort.
is jaw tightened when he'd read the
title and then he shook his head and sort

of smiled grimly and out he passed, swishing
pod riding whip. He mounted a big thor-
hbred” ‘sorrel that was standing without
= across the street away.
“Something leas than a month after that
my mother took my brother aod myself
up to St. Joe to spend a couple of days with
f sister who was pttending a firlss @ seminary
t that place. Ford killed Jesse James in
the latter's home on the day after we ar-
rived in St. Joe
“The dead outlaw was laid out in a sort of
state in hie home, and all of the lation
of St. Joe were allowed to pass by hie bier.
I got my ears boxed by my good mother
when | suggested to her t that + wanted to go
to the James house to see the dead outlaw,
But Thad “ the onene, And ae
time I had the peculiar experience of recog
nizing, in death, a celebrated bandit whom
I had seen and been touched b pony a little
ife

while before when he was in

 

SAVING THE HEATH HEN.

What the State of Massachusetts Is Doing
to Preserve Last Flock of the Birds.

The island of Martha's Vineyard has the
distinction of being the abiding place of a
species of the feathered tribe which is
found in no other place in the whole world;
and this statement, says the Boston Tran-
script, ia the more remarkable when it is
considered that at one time in the country's
history these birds were scattered thiokly
throughout the whole of the territory
between Cape Ann and Virginia.

This almost extinct bird is the pinnated
grouse or heath hen; or, as it is called for
short, the “heathern.” It was from a
heath hen, said to have been found in Vir-
ginta, that Linneeus described the prairie
hen or prairie chicken, and it was not until
long years after this distinguished natural-
ist had been gathered to his fathers that
William Brewster of Cambridge, an eminent
ornithologist, made the interesting dia-
covery and gave it to the world, that the
‘heath ben of the Atlantic coast States and
the prairie chicken of the range lands of
the middle West were two distinct species.

To the ordinary observer, who only notes
the differ@nce between the crow and the
blackbird by stating that both are black,
only the crow is larger than the blackbird,
this same answer might be given in relation
to the prairie chicken and the heath hen,
for they seem alike in color, but the former

| ia larger than the latter. But when they
are examined carefully there are many dis-
tinguishing differences which are accurately
noted in all modern bird books to which
the student or those particularly interested
can ey refer.

In a little reservation which theese birds
seem to have picked out as a place where
they may quietly end their existence there
is now about one hundred specimens.
Doubtless these would have disappeared
entirely had it not been for the’ activity of
the ih and Game Commission of the
Commonwealth. Now active steps have
been taken to stop their Cresson and

to reestablish them among “pe Se birds
of the country. “Even ne a
sion states,

“the number is so reduced that
the killing of one bird may have serious
effects.”

A hundred | penne ago these birds were so
numerous and so common an article of food
that in some of the New England States a
penalty was provided by law, oe be be inflicted
upon any master who should feed his ap-
prentice with the flesh oftener — twice a

week; to-day it would cost eploure.
should he venture to tickle hi his we te with
one of these birds, the sum $100, and
Bev: other dollars on the side. Dr.
George W. Field, chairman of the commis-
sion, is most enthusiastic aS the efforts that
are being made to msyre the tion
of this species. He has st hen on

ita native heath, earned ~ aed eccen-
tricities and conceits, and
the Legislature the Sasa of mediate
action, and from all appearances the heath
hen is destined to live and become a feature
in the bird life of i Commonwealth.

But the saving of this bird is not alto-
goto for the purpose of killing him when
. ere — jus. It ae Se Be
the heath hen @ very enemy for wi
we nave te been seeking to exterminate the
largely 0 . Tee f in the summer time

r Gey ot insects, and from its habit of

perch ne upon the low branches of trees

has a most excellent opportunity of get-
ting at frase insect peste that are the un-
“2 of our shade and forest trees.

age Dr. Field spent several days

anes z the irds studying their habits and
making notes. From these it that
“the bird gives one the imp: on of ad-
mirable adaptation to the open ony 8
large, muscular, hardy, vigorous bird able
to withstand snow and aleet, in size equal
or even exceeding the ruffed grouse in
weight. Inhabiting open fields and pas-
tures, eybeiating on insects, leaves,
and wild be in a country where the
absence of foues ‘and raccoons reduces the
number of its enemies practeany to oom,
men, skunks, fleld mice and parely cums
species of hawks, the problem main-

taining and b ng back the Lia to ite
former abundance pa aa
If the law passed ‘o is aanatied

with, and one petae’ ee should insist upon
this, there is no question but a few years

hence the heath hen will be a common

me bird and furnish abundant food for

e legitimate rtaman. It is said that

ite “flesh is dark, of delicate texture and
delicious flavor.” .

 

 

Neo Shop Talk.

From the Washington Star.

A Washington educator is telling a story
about a young medical friend of his who is
interssted in insanity symptoms and is a
sort of amateur alienist, The other day the
student got a chance to visit one of the wards
in the asylum for the ingane, and having
heard that there was a man —— —
who labored under the
he was God the student ‘asked the at ashe ibe
allowed to see this pollens

ared the mont romising for in

e wan take ow whore 0 @ Tunatio
was confin the following conversation

re Deit:
er or iate everlasting

pa jPmane a Be

me, Saree

La rom
St Mal,
ow

 
     

ance rep! :

   

DRY WASHING IN THE DESERT

GOLD MONTING AFTER THE OLD
MEXICAN PLAN,

 

 

Legends of Iacky Strikes In the Houthweat
—The Mexican’s Steady Seurce of In-
come—Vast Qnantities of Geld Which
Ne nam Can Get at Por the Time Being.

The desert country of the Southwest is
tioh in legends of luoky strikes made by
dry washers. And the dry washer is not
@ laundry utensil designed for use where
water is too scarce to bé used other than
internally. It is the sole mechanical in-
vention with which the native Mexican is
credited, a means of taking placer gold
from the sand in which wind supplies the
place of water.

Given @ good head of water and the man
with the hydraulic giant will wash a for-
tune from auriferous gravel that carries
@ few cents worth of gold to the square
yard. The fellow with the pan muat find
SO cente worth or better in the same area
to make wages, but the dry washer regards
the ground as barren if he does not find a '
dollar's worth of the yellow metal on his
riffies after screening the same amount of
sand.

There waa old man Cushenberry, whose
haunt was south of Casa Doma, that curi-

ous volcanic plateau which is visible for a
hundred miles around Yuma. He was in
his chronio condition of hard luck when a
shovelful of sand left the ri of his primi-
tive dry washer cloggéd to overflowing
with dust and nuggets.

In half an hour he had taken out $14,000,

and in the following six montha he had
spent every cent of it in an ineffectual
effort to raise water from the Colorado
for more extensive operations. He never
found another pocket.

Down around Yuma, when you talk of
dry washing, they will also tell you of the
ditched hobo. A Southern Pacifio brake-
man ejected him from a side door Pullman,
and he sought the waterfront, which was
an inatitution then, celebrated from the
Nglies to the Yaqui country.

“The Front” was a narrow strip of shore
just below the old Government ocorral,

where by ancient usage was established the
commonwealth of the dead broke. Every-
thing was owned in common. They had a
Mayor and an unwritten code, enforced by
a kangaroo court. In earlier days no loss
of caste attached to residence on “The
Front;" to-day’s Insolvent was frequently
to-morrow's magnate. Gradually, how-
ever, the hobo élement came to be pre-
dominant, and the city marshal abated
the sanctuary as a nuisance.

But to return to the ditched hobo. He
told the Prontere a hard luck story that
would a few years ago have insured aid,

comfort and indolence. The taming of the
Apache and the extension of the Santa Fé
and the Southern Pacific had, however,
made them familiar with his kind, and
his case was promptly disposed of. A
grubstake was made up and he was advised
to acdompany a couple of men who were
just starting on a dry washing expedition
up the river.

That same day the outfit uncovered a
ledge that was shot and spackled with free
gold, and the hobo's share brought him
$50,000. Ali hoboland preserves traditions
of the period of plenty that followed. In-
cidentally not one of the trio that struck
the lode was alive a year later.

But as to the dry washer and the man
who operates it. The tourist who crosses
the sand and alkali wastes in a Pullman, or
is whirled in an automobile to the bonanza
to look at the good thing the superintendent
has framed up for him sees neither.

The desert prospector is the brother of
silence, a silence so profound and pervasive
that when a vagrant wind raises a level
jet of sand and moves it a yard or two the
silken swish of its transit is audible for
furlongs.

The scamper of the horned toad fills the
void corridor of the ear, the footfall of the
sad eyed burro is percussive. Only at
night, when the coyote lifts a lean muzzle
to the bland moon is the stillness shattered
as infinite desolation finds a voice

Another sound there is that speaks of

man's presence In the heart of the waste,
miles from the railway and equally re-
mote from wood and water, there may be
heard a recurrent popping that is not to be
confounded with the jarring rataplan of the
stam p mill.

It ia like the pop-pop-popping of a gaso-
lene launch. and the tenderfoot might
fancy that the ship of the desert had been
brought up to date and equipped with
those muaiasions appliances of which the

motor enthusiast loves to discourse.
wana the sound and you will come
the man and his machine—a sun
Srowned and solitary man, the corners of
his eyes wrinkled ue ap apple that has been
roten and thawed by the instinctive con-
of the lids against the glare of

= be Test of the placer minora, the

He is the Zs
at ae ise ie vatieys

ae
c that would disturb the
7 vue. —. Scott.
from the ott tundra
wee: AS coors of pelle
since given u' r of yellow
metal. oa longtom and the
flume exploited oa 'them. after which the hy-
draulic recovered fortunes from tailin
or from gravel too poor to work by the
more expensive method.

But the desert is rich in auriferous gravel.
There are thousands of square miles in the
Mojave and the Colorado. that yield placer

in such (rOrirgie Oreck that, oven be nd
© output of Creek a ‘ono;
would bo made to look like a grub stake

—y ‘- not, but there is wind The
ony washer is merely a rude bellows of the

familiar, blacksmith potters It forces a

current ‘of air , - 6 Bost of muslin

wet = an incli d crossed at
rife. anges by sticke of wood

vel ia made run down. this

raul ae while the Dellows lifts it

being heavy.

is on - Yb
a sand are e at the bottom.
‘arious forma of the dry washer have
been patented, but the simplest type re-
mains best; an old = box, a few yards
of lin, haifa rd of fine muslin
and a little baling wires: are oe the materials
required for its construction. The whole
apparatus need not weigh over or

pounds ao os a oan it

place on his back.

Ra in solgbeperens Arizona the Mexi-
can is ted with the invention of the
dry wi and nothing else. It is the
last venueree the p pros! who qonact

a . For around Yuma,
S oS ais ne tee Coaaee one may

 

S  eolaadetat tintin ne tiiieadl mais be eee Se ee

    

aixth
infallibly the
er mise a saeaner or only stumble

Se ae carefully studied the natural
que of these spote, but are unable to
discover the indications which point them
out to the —- It ia maddening to work
ten days under a blazing #un for a few
dollars worth of. dust and puguers. and

directly
a bucket
hour's
work with $50 ae P the yellow metal
aagties up in his nie gaud

But if Mexican coneeanes this sense,
he is careful not to abuse it. He takes only
enough for his immediate necessities, and
has a lofty contempt for the Americao's
ambition to acquire riches. Nor will he
locate a quartz vein if he happens to un-
cover one.

By an unwritten law these dry placere
above Yuma are free to all. No one stakes
a claim other than those located by dredg-
ing companies, who after yeare of disaster
have not yet given over the attempt to eat
away the banke of the Colorado until they
have opened a into the denert.

Many rich di apnvaree of quartz lodes
have been made by dry washers and some
have been worked! by the same primitive
method.

Now and then a rich strin a vein an
inch or two wide, ia found, which is not of
sufficient volume to pay for the erec of
- ae which is a crude quartz crusher

Ay wer, or 6 even ety the
coacle. the way, ia precise

sort of mill to which the Hetines har-
aeamee Samson, omordiog to the familiar
picture by Doré. The discoverer then rigs
@ spring pestle with which he pulverizes
the rotten quartz running the powder through
the dry washer.

Early in the '908two young fellows found
such a stringer near the deserted camp of
Ehrenberg. ith pestle and dry washer
they managed to get out several thousand
dollars worth of dust, but a good deal of the
rock was too refractory to be worked in that
way, and thie was sacked in the form of
apecimens and concentrates, the whole
amounting to over $10,000.

They came down the river in a boat, which
was tipped over in three feet of water ‘within
a few miles of Yuma by a big dog that ac-
companied the party, and tried to climb
aboard after being pitched out for a swim.
Not a cent's worth of the cargo was saved.
The bottom of the Colorado ie a vast deposit
of silt and quicksand. Dredgers have sunk
seventy feet in it above Laguna wit
touching’ bedrock.

The placer miners say the gold of the
desert which the dry washer recovers -
such minute quantities was de
the river, the bed of which is liable to chan
materially in a few weeks. In the m
deep cafion that is one of the world’s won-
ders, a ditch from five to fifteen miles wide
and hundreds of miles long, - through
a highly mineralized region, thére must
= been many rich lodes, richer perhaps

any of which the world holds record.
T ge the action of the water through
countless ages has disintegrated and car-
ried far down toward the delta of the great
river in the form of dust and —— ..

The . or is a natural
bottom, om
and ridges of bedrock form mile wide rifles,
is a treasure house whose riches no man
may estimate. But even the opaque water
is said to carry an averageof 25 cente worth |

on the surface.

Every miner knowa that gold will float,
the flour gold whose particles are so minute
that only the avid grip of quicksilver may
clutch and hold it. Perhaps some day some
Jernigan will make good and wrest from the
broad and shallow Colorado a treasure
that will complicate anew the relation of
the precious metals.

Meanwhile the chief source of production,

cerned, will continae to be that legacy of
the Aztecs, the dry washer.

COUNTESS HENCKEL’S NECKLACE,

The Three Stringe of Pearl That Form it
—Vaidabie Biack Peart.

From the Weatminater Gaeette.

The late Duchess of Sermoneta’s pear’ |
necklace, of which one has read so much
lately, is doubtless very beautiful and valua -
ble, but it can acarcely be considered the

“most costly necklac e in the world.”

This distinction more probably belongs
to the famous pear! necklace of the Countess
Henckel, a lady well known in London and
Paria society, the value of which is said to be
£50,000. It is really composed of three neck-
laces, each of historic interest. One was the
property of the ex-Queen of Naples, sister
of the late Austrian Empress: the second,
once the preperty of a Spanish grandee, is
known to fame as the “necklace of the Virgin
of Atocha”; while the third was once owned
by the Empress Eugénie.

Not long ago a necklace composed of 412
pearls in eight rows, the property of the late
Duchess of Montrose, was sold for £11,862.

The Empress Frederick of Germany ie said
to have possessed a necklace of thirty-two
pearls worth at least £40,000; while Lady
lichester’s necklace of black pearls is valued
at about £26,000.

Tree Dectors.
From Park and Cemetery.

Prof. George E. Stone, who is in charge

| the work, writes as follows concerning
the course in tree culture given at the Hatoh

 

 

 

 

Experiment Station of the Massachusetts
Agricultural College, Amherst, Mass.;

“At the present time we have seven senior
students who are taking work in a course
which I term the ‘Physiology and Pathology
of Shade Trees.’ So far as 1 know this is
the only course given in thie. country or any-
where "oles, and we are turning out quite
few young men who are esporally train
to fill intelligently such po ons as city
foresters or helpers m= parks.

firme

“Many of our

t the present me
: have established fo

r the care of ¢

all of them are meeting with remark-
able success, some of them ying as
many as 200 men. I started this “gh

ogre ago at the request of Ae
hav °, been ep surprise” at the way in whieh it

! BRANCH OFFICES
She DM Sun
DAILY

SUNDAY
EVENING

AD VERTISE.-
ments and sub-
scriptions may be left

at these offices, where
= the rates are the same
as those charged at
main office. :: 3:

LS

 

under the silt where rifts | =

of gold to the ton, held in solution or floating \

eo far as these placer deposits are con- ;

     

BIPENSIYE ENGLISH HOMES

ESTATES THAT IT TAKES
TUNES TO MAINTAIN.

Dake ef Devonshire’s Seven Great Houses
—largest Private House in England
—Comt of Keeping Up Biennetm Patace,
Duke ef Mariborough's Country Seat.

It ie @ pathetic fact that there are several
men in the United Kingdom who wout
consider themselves on the brink of bank
ruptoy if they were reduced, says Lon-
don Tit-Bite, by any evil stroke of fate
to & mere pittance of £1,000 a week—who
would find it simply impossible to rub along
anyhéw on the income of a simple million-
aire, which would be barely sufficient in
some cases to pay the expenses of the lordly
pleasure houses which they have inherited
from their andestors.

The Duke of Devonshire, for example,
has no fewer than seven of these stately
homes- siz in England and one in Ireland—
each of them fit for the reception of a king
and not one of which, as he confessed the
other day, be has yet lived in long enough
to explore thoroughly. Probably he himself
does not know within £1,000 how much
these palatial homes cost yearly to maintain,
but the annual cost has been said to make
y big hole in £100,000.

entworth Woodhouse, which ia only

an of his four palaces, Lord riewaness
owns the largest private house in En ary

It has a frontage of 600 feet, its hall is >

Ter suburban villas could

> built inside it, and ite owner could live

in @ different room every day for six weeks

oes | were oo comes rooms unseen.

@ five regal homes

oat and i Sootlond the value of which

nto millions, and which, a,

un-

he has thirty f ki Rn

over acres of kitchen gar-

dene alone; in the glaes houses and garden

employs about seventy men and

hie ie horticultural bill for this one

to exceed

 

FoR.

>
R

‘ord seat,
mara pabe cass Balls eh Ev ce
a on alone for his window
It actually cost £300,000 to an it ie
== aed, was more valuable tha than {
: it je 348 feet long, hae fi
Shsomhere cts marke
s oun ee
pictures » = books > be pas oS cost, which

to more t
7. — of Stakes owns

five stately seats, at one alone “ which—
Syon House, Brentford—a staff of thirty
or forty men is kept busy, largely in the

qace fruit

cent kitchen
houses. And yet the is only
a gmail on of the ae in this princely
home, the rental value of which aeny
exceeda the Lord Chancellor's official in-
oom.
ute has five

i i Kngland Scotland and Wales, and one

of them, Mountetuart, Rothesay, covers
an acre of ground, has 150 rooms and has

rt actually cost over £2,000,000, representing,
| | a a modest 4 per cent., a value of £80,-

r. One can easily understand
| that “his lordship's income of £230,000 a
year is ant a penny too much for the de-

j mands

f Lord Vendendever’ a four seats, Wyn-

ard Park (Stockton-on-Tees) is 100 yards

and boasts a sculpture galle 100

feet’ i and 58 feet high, while ‘ood,

one of the Duke of Richmond’s four man-

sions, measures, with its two wings, 378

feet, and requires about sixty domestics
kee it in order.

Howard, the splendid Yorkshire

ont of Lord Carlisle, has 125 rooms; Raby

Castle stands on two acres; Stafford House,

| the | town residence of the Duke of Suther-

gre employment to some aixty
| eee! and costs about £20,000 a year
to ae Pane and Eaton Hall coat over
21,000 to build.

Such are but a few of the “stately homes
of England,” some of which are not seen
by their lordly owners for more than a few
weeks, if at all, in a year, although each
of them costs many thousands a year to
maintain.

It is said that there are at least sixty
counsry houses in the United Kingdom

ich require a etaff of from 250 to 500
eorvants and involve an annual bill for
wages ranging up to £20,000, and in many
of them ¢t ardens alone account for
more than £5, a year. How large are
the numbers of servants employed in con-
nection with these houses and estates is
shown by the following example—that of
a relatively modest establishment in Suf-
a The total numper of servants em-

is 173, and of*these the_home farm
require fifty-four and the gar-
dens forty; indoor servants number seven-
teen, k re and night men sixteen; the
parks and lakes employ ten, the brick kilns
nine, while there are seven carpenters, four
brioklayers, four warreners, three lodge
three painters and half a dozen
blackamiths and wheelwrights.
is, it should be remembered, is but a
class establishment, although its
w bill reaches £8,000 a year. Of still
emalleg estab ments there are about 600
% Ls nited ~otom employing between
ay one a hundred servants with wages
bi averaging at least £4,000.

Expensive as country seats are to main-
tain, with a few exceptions such as those

tioned they are little more costly than
houses. For a tiny house in Park

as would be procurable in a
— for £00 a .year, a rental

is asked, while some of the lar; or
yt a@ rent running into
Square the vente

town

South Audley street.
«And town and country houses are but
& part of the expenditure ¥ the thy
— we are considering. A steam yacht
easily run away with £5,000 a year;
hr milar eum is by no means uncommon
for a grouse moor and a deer forest; a
London season, with its costty entertain
ments, may eee geen account for
and a throng the lon list bf i items
© re in annu balance sheet
of the which are consideted as
necessary to them as his > peer
It is thus not diffioult to y
an income of even £100,000 or £200,000 may

be caeeers. and how aghast many a
man would be i were au brought
face to face with the necessity of cutng

down his expenditure to a pitiful £50,

a year.

NEW YORK CITY — Wall

' Street Men may leave sub-
scriptions and advertisements
at the Wall Street office,
25 Broad ‘Street. Telephone
2200 Beekman.

, 1303 Broadway, near 38th St..
241 West 125th Street.

BROOKLYN — 106 Livingston.
Street, near Court Street.

BOSTON, MASS.—-Room 26,
Globe Bldg., Washington St.
-—T. P. Harrison.

NBWARK, N. J.—704 Broad
St.—P. N. Sommer.

CHICAGO, ILL.—1002-1004
. Tribune Bldg. —Guy S. Osborn.

ATLANTIC CITY, N.
Walter B. Bdge.

sl

 

ee

eS