PARIS’S SYMMETRY MARRED |

SKYSCRAPER
qiry

 

THE
BLEMISH,

—

AMERICAN
LATEST

 

‘

Bullding Law te Secure a Harmonious Per-
spective Apparently Disregarded—Call
to the Authertties—Lombroso's Fale
Palmistey Deductlons—Police Dogs.

¢ iCable Despatch to Tas Sun,
Jue. 3.~ The architectural beauty
ix threatened by vandals A law
been. observed that around a
ly buildings conforming in size
shall be allowed. This is
no’ ing fed On the Rue de
Pivoh and the Champs Elysée several high
Ke » have destroyed the harmonious
ind the Are de Triomphe is
ed by a monstrous construction.
iimineting blow an American syndi-
entre bought the block running from the
» Boulevard to the Rue de la Paix and
Luildaskyseraper. An indignant
sriter in the Patrie, commenting on

ry
bee ok
@mere ot

ant appearance

lisregaré

per °

°
your eyes, municipal officers;
your inertia. It is your duty to
e harmonious aspect of Paris, and
»not, take care! The public are in-
yt oat the erimes committed against

itv of the city.”
merer cabmen, who are obliged
ity francs a day to the cab come.
y. use various means to increase their
eorpiows. An observant cabby on discover-
he taximeter registered more when
ik was placed beside him made an ex.
ent and found that a piece of wood
na certain position made the tax.
Other cabbies fol-
The police have just
1 and are endeavoring

“tister faster

e se

edith

Hnpie,

e frau
hendton

LOMBROSO FALLS INTO ERROR.

That

Prof

Put not

celebrated expert in criminology,
Cesare Lombroso, has dealt a severe
together fortunate blow to palm-
ry as a selence. Basing his conclusions
stographs of the murderer Soleilland's

 

so wrote to the Temps describing the
raht hand as what neuropathologists call
nkey’s hand, for it possessses the
hy of hypothenaire” which apparently
«6 palmistry language for a flattened palm.
Only one line crosses it, whieh Lombroso
eivs is typical of the lower monkeys, epilep-
ica, idiota and born criminals, The little
ver is wide apart from the others. The
huud is somewhat longer than
right, otherwise it is entirely normal. Later
Lombroso toys with words like atavism
i chromatic asymmetry,
conclusion that this should make us think
efore pronouncing definite judgment of
eilland
\ unfortunately
Pertillon, the ¢
serviee, savs Soleilland’s hands have not
been photographed. Bertillon says
A reporter asked me in February for
photographs of the hands of criminals to
justrate a story, possibly hoping that
Soleilland’s bands would be included. I
gave him the right hand of an honest work-
man whose occupation was that of a car-
riage washer, and the left hand of another
honest man, a sheep shearer. I was much
surprised the next day to see these repro-
tneed as Soleilland's hands. The carriage
washer’s little finger was stiffened by the
water and acids used in his work, which

atro}

for Prof. Lombroso M.

would also account for the disappearance |

of the lines on the palm.”

This is not the firat mishap of this nature |
Some |

that has happened to Lombroso
time, ago he asked Bertillon for a series of
photographs of women criminals. Ber-
uilon explained that tha rules prevented
him from giving these photographs and
vivised Lombroso to apply to the Govern-

ment through the Italian Ambassador. |
Lombroso, however, applied to Prince
Bonaparte, who asked Bertillon to give

him some photographs of women for a
book he was writing, neglecting to specify
that he wanted criminals. Bertillon sup-
pled several photographs, which he found
reproduced later in a work by Lombroso,
who found in the women signs of atavism,
a}eoholism and degeneracy which made them
born criminals. The photographs were
those of peaceable market women and good
mothers free from a passion for alcohol.

NUMBER OF EUROPEAN TOURISTS.
A French statistician has made an esti-

mate of the number of tourists travelling |

in Europe. It is diffieult to place reliance
upon his figures, but they are probably
as good as those of anybody else. Accord
ing to his computation Paris receives
90),000 visitors a year, who spend $45,000,000;
Londen gets 600,000, and Vienna, 360,000.
Imring the year 800,000 go to Switzerland,
g $50,000,000, Italy and Spain receive
5.000 people, who spend $60,000,000, The
large amount expended is due to the fact
that wealthier people visit there and make
longer staves. The record is held by Euro-
pean watering places, which will have
people spending more than

sendin
epen

Sew
$150,000, 000
Apropos of the influx of foreigners to
ins during certain months the Prefect
lice hae decided that a certain num-
men should learn enough
fneleh, German and Spanish to answer
sts intelligently in their own language.
vill be established and policemen
erving in the central parts of Paris will
t those sessions three times a week.
exhibition was given at Vittel
police dogs from
mé some of these animals develop
son lerful skill in hunting out not only
and hidden objects. There
» a sharp competition between the va-
injs for prizes offered by the Dog
ety of the bast. These dogs assist
i r refractory prisoners without seri
nethem. Varieus objects were
the large grounds and the dogs
‘released at about the same rmmoment.
never failed to diseaver these objects
viy found them in a marvellously
space OF time
W urttemburg
r case of megalmomania

of police

aes

\ I is
nv

me it iopt

has developed an
It aspires
s the
to succeed The
7,000,000 for this

ind seems likely
ss Diet has voted §1

int -gambling law passed in Belgium

Iwo years ago is now a complete dead letter.
t gambling kursahls are now open

nd, where bacearat, trente et qua-

na thout the zero The Government |
bey some desultory. prosecutions, but
‘ee now been abandoned.

AMERICANS IN PARIS

Americans are still found on the

b vistors, but most of them are merely

en 4 t Five American Generals were
This Week

ry Soe and wife of New York have
n 'froma tour of France.
\l Spitver and wife have arrived here
fron Munich in an automobile
Buda family of California left to-day

fora notor tour of France and Germany.
fred Booth and wife of Baltimore will
t next week for Rheims foran auto trip.
n. Meany. counse! for the Bell Tele-
Prone Company, left to-day for Aix les
Bains

&

{ published in the Paris papers, Lom- |

the |

leading to the ;

iirector of the anthropometric |

France and |

n |

largest railway station in the |

yilette are in full swing, the last |

ITALY'S ANTI-CLERICAL RAGE,

People Aroused by Stories Against Monks
and Nuns,
Spectal Cable Despatch @ Tan SoM.

Rome, Aug. 3.—The Italian Liberal press
teems with detailed description of the al-
leged immorality and corruption of the
religious educational inatitution and a
campaign in favor of the suppression of
all convents and monasteries throughout
the country has been initiated. Quite
repently a so-oalled clerical scandal waa
discovered by the Milan police. An old
woman who called herself a nun had a

|} home for destitute young girls in Milan
which turned out to be a den of iniquity.
It was found that the children’s earnings
were increased by means too horrible to
relate.

The home was closed and the so-called
nun and her accomplices, two priests, were
arrested, The Liberal papers blamed the
| ecclesiastical authorities, but theae proved
| that they had warned the police repeatedly
| against the woman and her work, that they
had denied the sacraments to the woman
and protested against her and exposed

 

 

false nun. They even patronized her home.
Notwithstanding these well authenticated
facts the newspapers still persist in regard-

result tha: the anti-clerical feeling in Italy
has now almost reached a climax, Meetings

at Milan.

rible that they are not fit to be read. Still
not one bit of proof has been adduced to
show that they are based upon a particle
of truth, It is no exaggeration to say that
open acts of violence against religious
communities are momentarily expected
and this may lead to their wholesale sup-
pression by the Government.

It is difficult to predict what may happen.
| The French people were indifferent in the
| recent religious agitation there. Here the
| situation is quite different, as popular feeling
/is hostile to religion and the anti-clerical
parties are so well organized that if a move-
ment against the Church once begins they
will not stop until they will try to overthrow
religion and perhaps attain a church war
in Italy amounting to a revolution.

Despite the fact that the alleged irregu-
larities in the Catholic schools are still
unproved insults against ecclesiastics con-
tinue on the part of violent anti-clericals.
! This morning the Abbé Perosi, the famous
musical composer, while coming out of the
| station was approached by an unidentified
person who spat in his face. Numerous
bystanders witnessed this occurrence, but
they did not interfere.

Cardinal Casseta was also hissed. The
| French Abbé Maurey was also insulted.
| He has threatened to appeal to his Ambas-
sador if the insults continue.
| Reports continue to arrive from vare

ious parts of the country of  pube
| lie disorders resulting from the ex-
posure of monastic scandals. The most
serious incident happened at San Pier
d'Arena, a suburb of Genoa, where an anti-
clerical mob besieged the Salesian college,
smashing the windows and doing other
| damage.

The temper of the crowd was already
becoming savage when the inmates of the
college opened fire with revolvers, which
increased the fury of the assailants, who
finally succeeded in breaking into the build-
ing, when they set fire to it.

| JEWISH-GENTILE MARRIAGES
|

| Increasing In English Speaking Countries
—Danger te Zionist Movement.
Special Cable Despatch to Tam Sin.

Lonpon, Aug. 3.—The growth of inter-
marriage between Jews and gentiles in
recent years has moved the Jewiah Chronicle
to make a plea for “strengthening the his-
toric religious conscience of our people.”

A well known Jewish lecturer in an inter-
view said the intermarriage of Jews and
gentiles had first assumed notable propor-
|
|

 

tions in Germany, partly as a result of the
increased social intercourse of the gentiles
and Jews which followed the intellectual
emancipation of Jewry wrought by the
popular philosopher Moses Mendelssohn
and his contemporaries.

Figures show that it has affected all Eng-
lish speaking countries, particularly New
| South Wales and other Australian colonies,
The figures are more significant because
they apply only to marriages not solem-
nizedinasynagogue. There are thousands

of unions which are intermarriages in fact
though not technically so regarded, be-
cause one of the parties accepted the
rewish faith before the ceremony, and the
marriages are therefore between persons of
the Jewish religion if not of Jewish blood.
|
{

 

 

 

In such cases the children are seldom
lost to Judaism. But the consequence too
often is that the parents settle their differ-
ences by ignoring religion altogether and
do not bring up their children as adherents
either to Judaism or to Christianity.

These facts are of course powerful
arguments in the mouths of Zionists and
to some extent account for the rapid flock-
ing of intellectual Jews to their banner.
The Jewish people are beginning to believe,
this authority says, that so long as they
remain dispersed without territorial foot-

{hold the amenities of modern civilization |
| are a greater
|
|

 

ing the scandal as a religious one, with the ; who is now Raisuli’s prisoner.

|

danger to their existence | were severe.
than the confinement of the ghetto and | gource that Kaid Maclean will probably

the barbarities of the torch and the thumb- |

| screw of the pogrom,
| Pope Hecetves 150 American Pilgrims.

| Spectat Cable Despatch to Tar SUN.

| Rome, Aug. 3.—The Pope this morning
| received in the Sala Clementina 150 Amer-
ican pilgrims, who were presented to His
Holiness by Mer. Kennedy, the rector
of the American College. The Pope ex-
pressed great pleasure at seeing the Amer-
| iean Catholics, whose ioyalty to the Church
|} was much appreciated, he said.

 

The Weathe-,.
The weather was fair and generally cooler yester-

| day over all the country east of the Rocky

| Mountains. The high pressure, which brought on

| moderately cooler weather, was central over the

| Mississipp! States, spreading slowly southeastward,
This means a slight rise of temperature in the
Atlantic districts after this morning.

| The pressure was low off New England and over

| eastern Canada, but without storm formation, It

was becoming warmer again over the eatreme
Northwest, but temperatures of 6 degrees above
| freezing were reported In northern Minnesota and
iw innipeg and but 2 degrees above freezing at
Minnedosa, Man,
In this efty the day was fair; slightly cooler;
fresh northwesterly; average humidity, 53
j ort cent,; barometer, corrected to read to sea level,
\, M,, 20.05; 8 P, M,, 29,97.
| ie temperature yesterday, as recorded by the
| official thermometer, is shown In the annexed table:

wind,

1907, 1008, | 1907, 1808,
°
BA Mie... 72 13

 

BB Wes nceece
3P, M. aur

Highest temperature, 61°,
WASHINGTON FORECABT FOR TO-DAY AND TO MOKROW

For custern New York and New England, fair
Sunday and to-morrow; tight rariable winds,

For the District of Columbia, eastern Pennsyl-
vania, New Jersey, Delaware and Maryland, partly
cloudy to-day, with moderate temperature; to-
morrow, fair, light variable winds.

Yor western New York and western Pennsyl-
vania, fair and warmer to-day; parUy cloudy te-
morrow; light variable winds,

at4P.M,

——$$— ee

| THE
FRANCE’S TASK IN MOROCCO

ENGLAND WILL STAND BY HER
DESPITE GERMANY.

Nothing Will Do But Intervention, Which
Germany Checked —The Algeciras Con-
ference of Little Effect-Engiand
Wants to Rescue Kaid Maclean.

Special Cadle Despatch to 'T um Sun.

Lonpon, Aug. 8.—The orisia in Morocco
is really only what might have been
expected and what indeed was fully antiol-
pated as long ago as the Algeciras con-
ference by those who undergood the
situation in the benighted country. Ite in-
evitable outcome is also clearly indicated
to any one who will take the trouble to make
himself acquainted with the hopeless politi-
cal conditions prevailing there at present.

The Sultan is an impossible ruler, and
it is more than doubtful if anything ap-
proaching order can be evolved from
native resources. Morocco is hopelessly
disintegrated and there is noform of anarchy

 

 

her home to noavail. The police,on the other | quite so hideous as the fanatical Moslem
hand, protected and were in league with the | variety.

That some pretence of authority has
been preserved so long as it has been is
due solely to the efforte of Kaid Maclean,
For years
he has been the real maintainer of govern-
mental authority by means of his influence

of protest are held everywhere and popular | over the weak young fool who was the
feeling has been worked to such a pitch | nominal sovereign. Both France and Eng-
that a general belief prevails that all religious | land have realized for several years that
institutions are identical with the false one | the collapse of the present government

was inevitable. They entered into an

The calumnies recently printed against | arrangement regarding what should be
monks and nuns are so loathsome and hor- | done when outside intervention became

imperative.

Germany intervened and went so far as
to threaten the peace of the world if this
agreement were carried out. She saw in
the scheme only a deep laid plot whereby
France was stirring up diasension in the
country with the object of adding it even-
tually to her North African dominions.
Then came the Algeciras conference with
its complicated conclusions which amounted
in effect to rendering it extremely difficult
to carry out that foreign intervention which
France and England saw would soon be
imperative.

The real question at the present moment
is whether the German suspicions have
been sufficiently allayed to allow France
to proceed to execute her obvious duty.
If not, then France must risk serious Euro~-
pean complications or postpone her active
intervention until the world has been
shocked by far greater horrors than those
of Casablanca.

It is said to-day that Germany has already
despatched a warship to the seat of the dis-
turbance, but political reports from Berlin
thus far have all been of a pacific nature.
French opinion is considerably aroused
over the subject and demands for decisive
intervention, including military occupation
in force, are being made. It is said that
Germany would be glad to see France thus
embroiled just now, and that other dangers
might arise if the country were employing a
large army in Africa fighting hostile tribes,
and that a long time would be required tb
subdue them.

The English position is embarrassing,
but England may be relied upon to support
loyally the French policy, whatever that
may be, Great Britain strongly desires to
rescue Kaid Maclean, whose peri! is now
believed to be very real. She also would
like to avert the loss of British commerce
which would undoubtedly follow the French
occupation of Morocco. She has, however,
given France an unqualified pledge to subor-
dinate English interests to the French in
all things regarding Morocco, and by that
agreement England will stand.

Tovton, Aug. 3.—The armored cruisers
Gloire and Jeanne d'Arc sailed for Moroooco
at 10:30 o'clock to-night. A transport has
gone to Oran to embark 1,000 oolonial
troops.

Paris, Aug. 3.—The Matin says Franc®
will send the warships Gloire, Dupetit
Thouars, Guoyden, Conde and Du Chayla
to join the Galilee. A landing force of
1,500 will also be sent. The naval force will
assure the debarkation of the landing force
which will ocoupy Casablanca and the
suburbs, where it will assure security,
search for culprits, watch punishments and
reembark only when France haé received
absolute satisfaction

A despatch from Tangier to the Matin
says the French transport Constentin has
arrived with 500 passengers, some Euro-
peans afid many Jews. They describe the
situation at Casablanca on Friday as ex-
tremely critical. Six thousand armed
horsemen surround the town. The com-
mander of the Moroccan foree of 600 de-
clares he is unable to reestablish order.

The French cruiser Galilee arrived on
Thureday. All the French except t¢
Consu) have taken refuge aboard the three
ships in the roadstead.

The dead French were buried in the
garden of the French Legation, as the
Christian cemetery had been completely
sacked, t

MOROCCO PRETENDER BEATEN.

Sultan's Troops Defeat Those of Bu Hamara
—Maclean to Be Freed Soon.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

TANGIER, Aug. 3.—The Sultan's troops | there are really over or not.

)

would oe a goed Ran, carehing
else. Most peo unacquain with

fairs in Morocoo have an idea that the
Sultan is an obstinate and austere person.
On the contrary, he is a ——- person
to meet and converse with @ only
trouble is that he tries to rule his people
with kindness instead of being atrict and
compelling them to abide by
the country. He has repeatedly told me
that he wants his peo; a to be peaceable
and law abiding, but they will not follow
his advice,

“While the Moors cannot seem to appre-
ciate the faét they are continually playing
into the hands of France by catering to
them. Germany hs by far the strongest
hold in Morocos: in fact two German army
officers are employed at Fez for the sole

purpose of drilling the native soidiers and
ficey ‘to rie them for any emergency that is

agreement that England made
with? France to keep her hands off of Egypt,
rovided France would do the same in
orooco, seems to have aroused the indig-
nation of Germany, who waa not considered
at all, and Germany is simply lying low
and saying nothing at"present. It is a |,
recogni: fact among the foreign Powers
that Germany has the strongest influence |
i eee, and that what she says is quite
a £ to go with the Sultan.
the truth were known,” continued
the doctor, “it ven not not surprise me a great
deal to learn that F more or less
interested in Raisuli,. the bandit. The
Frenchman is considered very tricky and
sly, and while his habits and customs are
known to some extent by the Moors they
do not
Sultan 4 of those about
him are robbing him, but he believes that if |
he dismisses his attendants and others who
claim to be his friends others who may
take their places eter’ a a great deal
worse, hence he eS ‘ers to make no change.”
While at Fez the doctor was under special
day and night. and even under these
conditions there “gre times when his pe
was endan, Sultan presented to
him a handsome photograph: of himeelf,
the plate being Sovete ees by
himeelf, but_it was wi the « = derstanding
that he would not allow a copy of it to be
published under any conditions. The doc-
tor gave his solemn oath that he would
abide by the conditions.
The costly saddle and accoutrements
resented to the doctor by the Sultan will
loaned to the University of Pennsy!-
vania to be placed in the university mu-
seum.

HOW TO GET MORE SUNLIGHT

Englishman Wants Clock Hands Pushed
Forward in Sammer and All Will Be Happy.
Special Cable Despatch to TaR Sun.

Lonpon, Aug 38.—An interesting dis-
cussion has arisen in the English and French
press as to how a man can make more use
than now of the available hours of daylight.
William Willett has just published a pam-
phliet on the subject. He writes:

“For nearly half a year the sun shines for
several hours each day while we are asleep
and is rapidly nearing the horizon when we
reach home after the work of the day is
over. Under the most favorable circum-
stances there then remains only a brief spel!
of declining daylight in which to spend the
short leisure at our disposal.

“Now if some of the hours of wasted sun-
light could be withdrawn from the begin-
ning and added to the end of the day how
many advantages would be gained by all,
and particularly by those who spend in the
open air, when the light permits them to do
80, whatever time they have after the du-
ties of the day have been discharged.

“By a simple expedient these advantages
can be secured. We can have eighty min-
utes more daylight after 6 P. M. every day
during May, June, July and August, and an
average of forty-five minutes more every
day during April and September. The ex-
pedient which I propose is that at 2 A. M. on
each of the four Sunday mornings in April
the standard time shall advance twenty
minutes, and on each of the four Sundays
in September shall recede twenty minutes.

“Another means of arriving approxi-
mately at the same end would be to alter
the clock thirty minutes on six Sundays,
the last three in April and the first three in
September. We lose nothing and = gain
most substantially. Having made up our
minds to be satisfied on four occasions with
a Sunday of twenty-three hours and forty
minutes long, or twenty-three hours and
thirty minutes long on three occasions, the
advantages aimed at will follow auto-
matically without any trouble whatever.
Everything will go on just as it dg»s now,
except that as the later hours of the day
come around they will bring more light
with them.”

Mr. Willett calculates that on an average
210 hours of daylight are wasted every year
by every person. The expense of the
artificia] light used in this time will be saved
bedily. A man who left work at 5 P. M.
would have as much daylight before him
as a man who leaves now at 3:40. Satur-
days if he left at 12 o'clock it would be
equal to stopping under present conditions
at 10:40 A. M.

BELFAST MOB SCATTERED.

Conference on Labor Troubles Adjourns
Until Monday—No Police Trouble.
Spectel Cable Despatch to Tag Sun.

Bevrast, Aug. 3.—-A mob to-night at-
tacked a police patiol wagon and attempted
to rescue a prisoner. The police were
forced back, but reinforcements arrived
and several charges were made before the
crowds dispersed. Several persons were
injured.

Lonpon, Aug. 3.—Conflicting reports in
regard to the industrial position in Belfast
leave doubts as to whether the troubles
The telegrams

 

 

fought another successful battle against | announcing a settlement of the troubles

the troops of Bu Hamara, the Pretender,
\ taking many prisoners and heads. The
t- of the Government troops, however,
It is stated from a high native

be released at the end of next week.

Another steamer has arrived, bringing
400 refugees from Casablanca. Nearly all
the Europeans have now fled from the place.
Those remaining are taking refuge at the
consulates. The French cruiser Galilee,
one of whose boats was recently stoned
by a moh, refrained from bombarding the
villages at the request of the consular corps
and reembarked a landing party.

The Consuls felt that the presence of
troops might provoke the tribes to massacre
the remaining Europeans. The Galilee
alone is not sufficient to insure the safety
of the town.

A GOOD WORD FOR THE SULTAN,

His Den tist Says He Means Well, but Is Too
Kind to the Moors.

PLAINFIELD, N. J., Aug. 3.——Dr. Frank B.
Bostwick, who arrived here on Thursday
from Morocco, where he was called last
March as a special dentist to the Sultan
and the members of his family at Fez, had
an exceptional opportunity to make a study
of internal conditions in which England,
France and Germany are now much con-
cerned, and while he says it would be difficult
to determine the outcome of the present
disturbance, he feels sure that England is
to play a mog important part before it is
settled.

In the opinion of the doctor, the
uprising in Morocco is due to a speech made
by the German Emperor at Tangier, when
he asserted that the Sultan and his subjects
could have their independence so far as
Germany was concerned This had
tendency to increase the confidence of the
Moors, who, the doctor says, believe that
one Moor is the equal of three men of any
other country.

t the Moors need most,” said Dr.
Bostwick, “is a good, sound thrashing.

 

resent

LBS SSeeSe5Se5 SeSETESES BS |

have been followed promptly by disclaimers,
which are usually qualified by promises of
what is about to be done. The negotiations
are conducted privately and therefore
most of the published announcements are
largely speculative.

A conference for the settlement of the
carters’ and dockers’ strikes sat all day.
The best informed people regard the out~-
look as hopeful, though the conference
officially adjourned until Monday.

Meanwhile the police strike has not re-
sulted in the threatened crisis. Constable
Barrett, the leader of the police revolt,
addressed thousands at the Custom House
but not a single policeman appeared. This
did not deter the crowd from enthusiasti-
cally indorsing Barrett's attack on the
Government, after which the people car-
ried him in a chair through the city.

The disorders reported to-day have in-
duced the Government to take further re-
pressive measures. These will take the
form of picketing military on the streets
on Monday and s0 adequately protect
goods vans and put an end to repeated
attacks on drivers.

FEAR SINN FEIN AGITATION,

Irish League Worrted Over the Move ment
to Help Ireland Industrtally.
Special Cable Despatch to TAR SUN.

Dusuin, Aug..3.—New York rumors
that American sympathizers with Ireland
are considering whether they should give
help to the Sinn Fein or parliamentary
party have caused uneasiness in United
Irish League circles. The Sinn Fein au-
thorities are about to send a delegate [to
the United States to explain the doctrines
of their organization.

Their main point is that parliamentary
work is vain, that all classes of Irishmen
should be banded ther to work and

ueh for the industrial welfare of the coun-

and that if the many ousnnds of

 

fa “Paria spent yearly in senpag © ne party
sament were spent in
ould be much more prosperous.

SIN, SUNDAY, AUGUST 4, 1907.

|

 

|

fully appreciate the situation. The |
reall izes that man

|

|

a a enn

! almost incredulous horror in this country.

A Eee ae

BOISE VERDICT’S LESSONS

“SPECTATOR” LAMENTS OUR SYS-
TEM OF COURT PROCEDURE.

Distrust of the Courts, It Says, Has Brought
on Antaganism Between Rich and Poor
Akin to Civil War—Deciares That Wo
Need Better Judges and Juries.

Special Cable Despatch to THe Son.

Lonpon, Aug. 3.—Keen interest has been
taken here in the trial of Haywood at Boise.
The Spectator devotes the first leader to its
consideration. It says:

“That which makes the Idaho trial so de-
pressing is the extent to which it reveals
the depth of the chasm now visible between
the rich and poor, between the employers
andtheemployed. They ought in America,
where on the theory that all are equal and
| no one can wilfully oppress, to be on terms
of kindly regard, but they obviously hate
one another to such an extent that the bal-
ance is lost in prejudice and society shat-
tered by what Carlyle galled preternatural

 

| suspicion.

“At this moment one-half the people of
the United States believe that Haywood was
acquitted in defiance of the evidence be-
cause he was the foe of capitaliste, while the
other half are certain that he was only ac-
quitted because the capitalists were deter-
mined to break up the trade unions and
bribed witnesses to poison by accusations
of crime the general body of opinion.

“So keen is this division of feeling that
immediately after the verdict a representa-
tive of theanarchists wrote to the President
exulting in the trial asa victory for them-
selves and Mr. Roosevelt quietly published
their letter without comment as proof posi-
tive of the public danger. He evidently be-
lieved, and was justified in the belief, that
all respectable men would understand why
he submitted the letter to their eyes and
would sympathize with him in his bitter
scorn of the writers of the letter.

“Haywood was defended by his counsel
as the victim of vulture capitalists, and
when he was acquitted, before leaving the
court, he thanked each juryman individually,
behaving, in appearance at least, as a soldier
might who appreciated the conduct of a
forlorn hope and could not be content with
a general approval.

“The struggle in truth has all the bitter-
ness of a civil war, and though in that war
the terrorists cannot win, for in the last
resort the freeholders are the masters of
the union and the freeholders desire order,
still the fact that the contest should have
risen to such a height in the model republic
is most depressing for all who retain their
hopes in the future of humanity. It is
almost as depressing to see how despondent
the best Americans are as to the possiblity
of finally reforming the great force to which
they must look for the prevention of the act-
ual war in which, if that force cannot be
created, this bitterness must end.

“The root of the mischief, they cannot
but perceive, is the imperfection of the
system through which they distribute
justice. If the courts could be implicity
trusted theanarchists, the extreme Socialists,
the labor associations and syndicates of
capitalists, all alike, would gradually be com-
pelled to carry on their struggles subject
to the full restraints of law as devised and
interpreted by civilized mankind.

“bere can be no necessity for armed
violence when the law is at once just and
irresistible. The law itself is as just in
Am»rica as in Great Britain, but in the
republic it is not irresistible. So many
influences of corruption, of terrorism and
of class prejudice are allowed to deflect
what ought to be the immutable, serene
justice of the courts that their pacifying
effect and the confidence of the people in
their action are alike destroyed.

“It is distrust in the courts which makes
hatred of the millionaires for the workman
so bitter and the fear of them among em-
ployees so extravagant; distrust in the
courts which induces the toilers to combine
for purposes of menace; distrust in the
courts which renders verdicts worthless as
instruments for preserving or creating
peace. Something of that distrust may be
unjust, for there must be scores of honest
Judges within the Union and thousands
of men who once sworn as jurymen would
no more suppress or betray their own con-
sciences than the best of Britis: Judges
would.

“But, allowing for that injustice, it is
clear that in a great portion of the United
States the judicial system fails, while it is
not clear that the people, though they
acknowledge the failure, will consent to
any radical reform. They will not raise
their Judges above pecuniary temptation;
they will not confine the jury box to the
classes least likely to be corrupted, and
they will not accelerate the system of trial
till the opportunities either of corruption
or terror are reduced to the minimum.
Nor apparently will they make crime by a
combination much more penal thaa crime
by an individual.

“These, however, are but suggestions,
and the Americans, who are a sagacious peo-
ple, could if they chose devise much more
effective plans. They do not devise them,
and in that failure is the cause of the hope-
lessness even among those who, like our-
selves, reckon themselves as devoted to the
western as to the eastern branch of our
race, It is as possible to get courts beyond
the suspicion of prostituting justice to per-
sonal considerations as to get regiments
beyond the suspicion of cowardice, and in
neglecting to get them universally the peo-
ple of the United States neglect to secure
the first necessity of and best guarantee
for successful civilization.

“They have secured them in the Supreme
Court, but they should secure them irfthe
remotest district of their wildest State.”

The Spectator also devotes another
article to a pamphlet, which it received
on the convict lease system in America,
quotations from which will be read with

The convict lease system, the Spectator
declares, reveals many of the same diffi-
culties laid bare by the Idaho trial, leading
to the same conclusion, that though justice
may be perfecgyy enshrined in theory in
the United States it can only with the ut-
most difficulty be procured in practice.

In the Spéctator's opinion it would have
been well if the Federal Constitution had |
placed criminal jurisdiction in the most |
important cases, or at all events the power
of supervision of all criminal law, in the
hands of the central Government. State
rights now form an impenetrable stockade
against the forces of righteousness, for
a State in defending its right will be respon-
sible only to itself. It will forget every-
thing except that outside influence is try-
ing to intervene.

The Spectator goes on to say:

“That the Federal Government should
get certain defined rights of intervention
seems desirable if not inevitable, not only
for the sake of dometstic reform, but in
order to eliminate the danger of reckless,
irresponsible affrontg to foreign Powers.”

Earthquake Shock at Port Antonto.
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sun.
Krvaston, Jamaica, Aug. 8.—-There was
a sharp shock of earthquake at Port An-
tonio this morning. No damage is reported.

 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
  
     
   
 
   
    
   
  
 
 
 
 
   

  
 

 

Herald Square

Announce for Monday, August 5th,
A Very Extraordinary Sale of:

White Lingerie Dresses

for Women, at $5

Values, $10, $12.50, $15 and $18.50.

These dresses represent the entire stock of a prominent
manufacturer and comprise about G00 garments. The
materials are white lawns, mulls or sheer batistes,
trimmed with lace or embroidery in 34 Princess models.
All sizes from 32 to 42. The event is unquestionably
one of the most attractive ever offered by this:depart-

ment.

.

Further reductions are also announced in

Tailored Linen Suits,

Formerly $12.50 and $15.00, at $5.00

Formerly $18.50, $22.50 and $24.50, at $9.50

 

Waists for Women

Waists of sheer French batiste, yoke, front and
back of pin tucks, tucked collar and cuffs edged

with lace.

=

Value $1.95

Waists of fine white Iawn, front of all-over |

Swiss embroidery and clustered French tucks,
%-length sleeves, tucked collar

tucked back,
and cuffs edged with lace.

embroidered linen collars.

Short white-Dresses,

Formerly 75c to $12.95.
At 59c to $7.95

Children’s Bonnets,

Formerly $1.50 to $10.95.
At 79¢ to $4.95

son ties.

or buckskin Gibson ties.

ties.

Formerly $5.00, at

 

Low Shoes for Women

Tan, Russia, dull kid and patent leather in
English walking pumps, 2-button pumps or Gib-

$1.45
Value $2.50

Waists of superfine, very sheer handkerchief
linen, fronts hand embroidered, %4-length sleeves,

$3.45
alue $6.00

 

Stockings for Women

Black gauze lisle thread stockings—very sheer—
reinforced soles, heels and toes, extra high heels; }32¢
Hermsdorf dyed; regular 50c grade,

Panama Hats for Women
$3.50 & $5

Blocked Panamas; new telescope shapes,
high or low crowns, wide or narrow brims.

Children’s Apparel

 

 

Infants’ Long Cloaks,
Formerly $4.50 to $28.50.
At $3.75 to $22.50
Misses’ White Petticoats,
Formerly 69c to $4.95.
At 50c to > $3.96

 

$3.85
Value $6

Tan, Russia, calf, tongue pumps, patent leather |
Gibson ties, 2-button pumps, dull kid or
metal, button or Gibson ties; glazed kid Oxfords,

gun-

$2.85
Value $5

Patent leather, dull or glazed kid, white duck
or canvas pumps, Gibson, Christy or Oxford

$1.85
Value $3

 

Wash Suits for Boys

Washable Russian Blouse and Sailor Suits in white or
colored madras, pique, poplin or chambray; bloomer
trousers. Sizes 2!< to I0 years,

Formerly $3.50, $3.95 and $5.00...
Formerly $1.95, $2.50 and $2.95

About 25 Russian Blouse and Sailor Suits of fancy
mixed cheviots; sizes 2)4, 3, 4, 9 and I0 years only.

....at $2.50
ov osecsee sll ian

   
 
 

 

GREATEST OF NAVAL REVIEWS

KING EDWARD SEES 188 SHIPS
MASSED IN THE SOLENT.

It Is Simply the Reserve of the British Navy
—Not One Vessel Was in the Review of
Twenty Years Ago—Six Admirais and
85,000 Officers and Men Together.

Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Lonpon, Aug. 3.—The Daily Mail in an
editorial article to-day says:

“The British public has every reason to
view with satisfaction and pride the im-
mense array of ships which lie moored in
the Solent for the State review by the King
to-day. Commanded by six Admirals and
manned by upward of 35,000 officers and
men, the 188 vessels of the home fleet con-
stitute by far the most formidable force
ever assembled under one officer.

“It is a fact worthy of general knowledge
that in the home fleet to-day there is not
one single unit which was present at the
1 yal review in 1887 and few which even ap-
proach twenty years of age. The home
fleet is thus a thoroughly modern force, At
no previous great naval review could this
have been said. At both Coronation re-
views, that of 1002, there were vessels pres-
ent armed with muzzle loaders, and in 1897
there were six vessels so armed, while as
we go further back the number of dummies
steadily increases.

“Yet the home fleet has been assembled
without drawing a single ship from the
main fleete in commission. It represents
only the reserve of the navy, the second
line behind the Channel, Mediterranean
and Atlantic fleets. It is not a sham, but

 

battleships of the home fleet :
in the test this year shot so wel
fleet stands fourth in order of

e

       

DRIAN IC

ee

Lemon
~-Cius oa”

J cant, oque.ra

 
     
         

 

and putting thirteen shots, each weighing
880 pounds, from her two 9.2 guns into the
square of a canvas only 21 by 17 feet. Of
these thirteen shots eleven struck the bulls-
eye painted in the centre of the target.”

Spread over an area of more than twenty
miles the fleet consists of fourteen baittle-
ships, including the Dreadnought, 12
armored cruisers, 13 protected 7
scouts, 10 torpedo gunboats, 97 destroyers,
12 lo boats and 11 submarines. The
remainder of the fleet is made up of auril-
iary vessels.

The royal yacht Victoria and Albert
passed between the lines of the ships and
all the warsbips fired a royal salute and
simultaneously made a displav of bunting
of every hue with vivid effect, while the
crews cheered.

 

CATHEDRAL CHOIR DAMAGED.

 

Huge Weight Crashes Through the Arohes
of Christ’s Church w Dubiin.
Special Cadle Despatch to Tas Sun.
Dvusuim, Aug. 3.—After Christ's Church
Cathedral had been closed last night a
huge half ton weight which supplied the
motive power to the bells fell from the
tower, sixty feet, crashing through the
archesinto the choi:. It has been decided
to suspend the services in the Cathedral
until the extent of the damage has been
ascertained.

oy Church Cathedral was erected
in the eleventh century. It was in this
church that the liturgy was first read in
Ireland in the English language. In 1558
mags was again celebrated in the church

sees armen

of
took tea ite place.

 

©