= i

—

lt ay

es a eae

rm

ne

a I

is

bi
1 nt
Hh
PHA
We
ty
il
} aN)

me ro

ee
=

=
Se
Sa ee

a
-——

arr

neediest
ea nt

* Frees
a

ee

TT ee Ra a Ebi SS = FR RE BO aR I I

a ibhe by the voicinggs higgy

WALL STREET TYPES MANY

FROM GAMBLERS TO CLERGYMEN
‘AND INCLUDE WOMEN,

 

Women, However, Are a Horror to Brokers
—Proprictors of Gambiing Houses Take
Wall Street Loses With P Grace
—(Chart Piayers—Western Speculators.

The observation awd imagination of
Dickens did not conjure up such curious
characters as one may find in Wall street,
in the customers’ rooms of brokers, in the
hack rooms of bucket shops, in the door-
ways and on the pavements of New etreet,
in the cafés, restaurants and other haunts
of those who chase the elusive dollar.

Here ia a brokerage firm doing business
on the Stock Exchange, says the Van
Norden Magazine; one member, or perhaps
two, active on the board, another looking
out for the office requirements. There is
a comfortable customers’ room, with stock
tickers, easy chairs, gossip tickera and
on the table literature of a kind calculated
to interest and entertain the casual way-
farer or customer.

The office member is genial, plausible, |
confidential, full of wise saws and secrets |
of . vast importance, exuding knowledge
of prospective movements, clear as to the
significance of the news and reluctantly
intimating by his very deniala and hia ;
hesitancy that he is in close communica- |
tion with the “big interests.”

Candor sits enthroned on his forehead,
there is a total disregard of self-interest
in his advice and in his pocket is the memo-+
randurm of his margin clerk, showing how
much further leeway Ris customers may
have before he calls them. The best type
of office man is the one who oan keep full
margins and at the same time impress hie !
clienta with the belief that he is the earthly |
manifestation of their guardian angel.

But the customer himself is the more
interesting type. He has many varieties,
from the top hat:and frock coat of the
pseudo plunger to'the commonplace slouch
and bourgeois tweeds of the 100 share
nian, His facial characteristics are many, |
his expressions reflecting the tale of the
ticker as told in‘ his-own account, his pur-
pose to beat a gamesthat is as crooked ase
thimblerigging, and which the old-
fashioned trick o° thea ioop 18 a8 square as
euchre at a church social

Recent years have seen the advent of |
the so-called Western speculator, spectacu- |
lar in his stock market operations, which
are but a variation of his other forms of
gambling, tirm in his own belief that he |
is a power in the market, kept before the

 

j

 

 

 

to

 

 

preciation and under cover of bis timey
reputation foribreeviness and square deal-
isg, earnestly and assiduously looking
caf, Lor himselfweven at the sacrifice of hia
intimate friends.

Fhen there isehe gambler, the owner of a
gilded palace uptown somewhere. You
can find him inethe financial district, in-

 

variably a loser. He does not take his
losses easily.

Profanely he consigus the game to
Gehenna, but —-hescomes back, Luck goes

 

against him, he loses heavily, he borrows,
loses again, and again he is tided over.
He retires beaten, but he comes back again
to pay his debts and renew the game.

Akin to him is the horsy trader, some-
times vague, mostly vulgar, whose lucky
Nays and amours are his choice topics,
He will tell you confidentially when a stock
hag advanced several points how he had a
tip to buy it before the advance, No
Important move catches — him unawares,
and his prescience: (after the fact) is won-
derful.

Ie there anything quite 60 earenens
a@ the chart player? He has a note boo
in which he jots down each day, by means

of diagrams, the fluctuations in certain
stocks,

He speaks in a mysterious way of “double
tops” and “double bottoms,” tells you

haw it is certain that when a stock crosses
the high price of a previous upward move-
ment it will score a further substantial
advance, The chart is positively an oracle
to him, Delphic it is true, for there are
few who thus keep a record of Fortune's
pranks who show any outward and visible
ai of Fortune's favors.

‘here are as many distinct typesamong the
wealthy speculators as among the smaller
fry. There isthe exceptional type, the free
handed plunger who plays fur the excite-
ment it affords, occasionally wins, but takes
it for granted that the baiance will be.on the
denit side at the end of the year. He is the
prey of those who have scoemes of all kinds
10 promote, the object of tender solicitation
on the part of brokers, who see big com-
missions in his disregard of conventional
methods and lack of conservatism.

Then there is the quieter type who is un-
Known to the public, who trades heavily and
takes either bis losses or his winni without
comment. Usually ne is a close observer of
conditions ana in touch with the so-called
big interests.

A variation of this type is the wealthy
trader who is identified with some issue or
seourity traded in on the board. He has
many accounts, but he is secretive and
sharp witted,

Ale will promise-anything, he is especially
conciliatory and a good fellow to newspaper
men, and he is always at pains to enthuse
over any Visitor who can serve him. But
it is an unwholesome type, the kind that
makes white light history, and the associa-
tion of whose name with any enterprise is
enough to blacklist it in the eyes of square
traders.

Success in politics seems to leave men sus=
ceptible to the lure of Wall Street, and there
are dozens of offices in the financial district
that number among their customers men
wno are closely identified with the political
game

And it is not your ward politician, your
district laader, nor your director of the ma-
chine that constitutes the principal part of
te particular coterie of speculators. Some
of them are high in the legislative coun-
cils, some are stern and Puritanical in their
public views, others are names to reckon
with when public functions are in band.

One man who was at one time very much
in the public eye, to whom was intrusted
eertain Government work of special im-
pastance, spent much of his time in a

roker's office in the financial district. He
was a favorite character in the Rise and
Shine series of thumbnail sketches which

ood magazines and periodicals published
rom time to time, and his youthful admir-
era pictured. him with a halo.

Needless to say, he was very human and
stocks fascinated him. He waa a plunger
at times when the fever seized him, but at
other times he was 80 conservative that he
pepetionlly purchased his stocks outright.

yhen he was deeply interested in the
market he was brusque to the point of rude-
ness, at other times he was mild and equable
as June weather.

He was known personally to a dozen
neWspaper men, but no word of his pres-
enoe in the Street reached the public. Let
it be added also that the work assigned
him was completed in a most thorough

 

manner, but what a storm would have
bean raised had some one published the
farts. Secrets are well kept in Wall Street
sometimes.

(ther men in the political game are more
careful, and their orders are placed by
private telephone, their accounts simply
carry a number, and the clerks in the office
do aot know whom the numbers represent.

One of the very real characters in the
finwyncial district is the professional operator.
He plays first violin in the orchestra of the
“wig interests.” Sometimes he causes dis-
cords, but nowadays he is usually found in
thorough accord with his director.

e real professional has large resources,
a cash or credit. He es a study
both of actual and technical conditions and
raraly does he stand for severe punishment
if be find his deductions wrong. It is
curious, but nevertheless a fact, that the
hest.of the professionals are more accurate
in their reading of the market from the
taperthan they are in determining its char-

 

 

        
  

acter when they take
floor of the Exchange.

Some of them possess liar powers
of divination apparently that enable them
to read in the tangled heures of the
the subsequent movement of a stock.
Seated in a broker's offlce they use only
their calm judgment, but on the floor they
are a oentre of interest, their own operas
tions complicate the market and the
egotiam that is innate in orey operator
oe larger plays than he would ordinarily
make.

Your professional does not generall
play for a long pull; he ya a good, pe 4
turn, and frequently when he appears on
the floor it is merely the completion of hie
plan to realize on the operations begun ij
several brokerage offices. While Sie i
vigorously eens for stock, keeping it
strong by hia purchase and the sentimental
influence of his apparent position, hie
lieutenante are distributing bis holdings.
At the end of the day he may be noted
as a big buyer of a certain security, while
asa matter of fact he has disposed of all his
holdings.

The true professional is serontialty a free
lance, big enough to handle heavy lines of
stock, wise enough to keep his own counsel
and seldom or never foolish enough to at-
tempt to antagonize tho financial hierarch |
that controls the lubricating oil of stoc!
speculation credit. °

Among traders in atocks perhaps the most
gullible are clergymen.

For some reason or other they, that ie
some of them, swallow any kind of bait
offered tothem. Possibly it is their abound-
ing faith in human kindness.

yomen are not wanted as clienta in 99
per cent, of the brokerage houses. They
are a horror to the firm, its clerks and every
one else, and their most implacable enemies
are the women employees of an office.

There is another type of woman in the
financial district that is very interesting,
and that ia the confidential order clerk.
Many houses doing a big business or doing
business for certuin individuals employ
women as order clerks.

Usually they are a splendid type. keen,
alert, intelligent, diplomatic, resourceful
and loyal. ey are implicitly truated, and
with good reason. You never find the
frivolous ar shallow girl in such a place,
and they command respect and oourtesy
from customers and clerks alike. ‘Typists
and telephone girls are distinet and form
a special clasa in the Street.

HOW SALMON ARE CANNED.
Even One of the Small Canneries Handles

10,000 Fish Dally. *

Nobody unfamiliar with the Pacific Coast
can realize in what enormous numbers
salmon are there caught. One dismisses
with an incredulous laugh travellers’ tales
of the salmon jostling one another out
of the crowded Fraser River in their haste

 

 

to get up stream, an Englishman all the
time thinking of the Fraser as like aSeotch
salinon river.

Though it would take a good many fish
to fill a Seotch river so full, vet even then
it could not accommodate ehough to keep

oree oe ~ ee wee

work for a season

At one of these smaller canneries 10,000 to
12,000 fish can be dealt with in a day in a |
busy season, and there are canneries, some
of enormous capacity, all along the coast, |
in the States as well as in Canada

Yet, in spite of the multitudes of fish
taken, there does not seem to be any diminu-
tion in the numbers left. The Dominion
Government enforces close times strictly,
says the Queen, and much is also done in
fish hatcheries to protect the young fish
ull they grow sizeable; salmon may be oly
netted for a few weeks in July and August.

Even then there is a close time from
6 o'clock every Saturday morning till 6
o'clock on Sunday night. It is a pretty
sight on a Sunday, when the sun begins
to dip, tg see the fleet of fishing boata all
out on the broad, smooth Fraser River
waiting to cast their nets the moment the
6 o'clock gun is fired at New Westminster,
The fishermen are mostly Japanese

This is only one fishing greund out of
many, and the Steveston canneries on
Puget Sound, a few miles tram ride out
of Vancouver City, though the largest in

¢e! mee the smaller Canadian canneries at

| Canada, are by no means the only flourish-

ing businesses of the kind. Steveston is |
quite a large town, a Chinatown ia great
part, for Chinanten and native Indians
do most of the canning work, The Indian |
settlements are quite deserted in the sum-
mer time, except for a few old women and |
children; for every man, woman, or girl
who can hold a knife is sure of employment
at the salinon canneries. :

In Vancouver im the canning season it
is almost impossible to get servants, for
cooks are generally Chinese, and they
like the change of employment; besides,
they earn high wages and are sure of being
welcomed back again when the salmon
has gone down to the sea and the works
are shut till next year.

When the fishing boata have taken in
their haul they set sail for the Steveston
wharves and the salmon is flung out in
great heaps—hundreds, thousands of them
on the wide floor, men wading in them
knee deep, heaping them up conveniently
for the machines and the men and, women
to begin work.

Several kinds of salmon there are and
two are easily pointed out. The spring
salmon is best in flavor and is the only
sort served on British Columbia tables,
but it is pale colored and thé ignorant
public will not buy it, so it is not used for
canning. The sockeye is what is tinned;
it is more abundant, with deep red flesh,
and all the fish are of a size.

Some of the apring salmon are larger
than others and most of them are larger
than the sockeye, but then spring salmon

vary in age and sockeyes are all just 4
years old. After four years of ocean life
they go up the river to spawn and, having
spawned, they die—die all along the river
banks, or, if they are-
getting up stream, die in
the barrier. 4

Every four years there is a glut, when
fish have to be thrown into the sea again
(because the canneries cannot dispose of
all that the fishermen bring), when wasted
salmon lie all about the Steveston wharves,
and when salmon are sold in Vancouver
for a cent a piece, which ia less even than it
sounds, because a cent is not a recognized
coin in British Columbia; nothing costs |
leas than five centa; there are no coppers
in circulation, and, as for the salmon, |
the housekeeper would have to take five
for her nickel, inasmuch as there is no
such thing as change. Fortunately the
giut did not come this year, for there was |
a shortage of labor as it was and spring |
salmon were selling at 35 to 40 cents apiece.

A long row of Indian women working at
a board seize the fish from the heap and gut
them, the next worker cutting off the heads,
tails and fins. ‘Then they are washed and
sliced by machinery (by means of circular |
knives, similar to those used for cuttin
planks of wood), #0 that the slices are all o
one thickness, and fit exactly into the tins;
these also, with their lids, are cut out and
soldered by machinery and hold just a
pound of fish each.

The slices of fish have to be fitted into
the tins by hand. This women do; but once
this is done there is no more handling of the

prevented from
heaps beneath

fish.

The processes through which each tin
goes are elaborate, but machines have been
Grodneiy perfected to accomplish them all,

ll that the men have to do is to keep the
machinery in order, to lift and shift the
trays full of tins and to wat ch for the de-
fects revealed by carefully devised proc-
eNseS

On each filled tin a lid is fixed and soldered,
a hole being left in the middle. This hole
has to be soldered by hand (and saalso has
another hole pierced at the side, to let off
the steam after the first heating), which is
done in huge iron ovens, the process lasting
an hour.

No plan haa yet been discovered by which
salmon can be tinned and yet not cooked
more than one would like to have it. The
germs must be killed and the air in the tins
must be completely sterilized; and in order
to effect this great heat and considerable
length of time are necessary.

Finally, when the tins have been soldered
for the last time they are lowered by tray-
fuls into tanks of boiling water, men stand-
ing over them with great pincers to remove
any tin that emits bubbles, After this, they’
are ed and stacked and left not leas
than a month, on the chance of further
leakage showing itself by the bulging of
the tin owing to the formation of gas in-
side. Then they are labelled and are put
upon the market.

their places on the | MARS

 
   

AT ITS

WHAT EXPERTS SAY NOW OF
PLANET'S INHABITANTS.

 

Some of Ite Features —Difforent Opinion Re-
sarding the Canais—Characteristics
MAke Those of Our Own World—How
the Earth Would Appear From Venus.

There is no difficulty to the o! er,
however untrained, in ‘picking out the
planet Mars at the present time. It is only
necessary to look south about midnight
or a little earlier, and the planet's disc,
bright and fiery red, catches the eye at
once, if the night be clear enough for any
stars to be aeen at all.

Marsa waa in “opposition,” ‘hat ia, he wae
on the meridian, at true midnight, and
waa therefore visible throughout the
entire night on Saturday, July 6; he waa at
hia nearest approach to the earth a week
later, on Saturday, July 13, when he was
distant from ua lesa than $9,000,000 miles.
He is therefore specially well placed for
the markings on his flushed, angry looking
face to be watched and studied.

But it must not be supposed, writes Mrs.
A. D. Maunder in the London Chronicle,
that astronomers have been waiting for
either of these dates to begin this season's
work on the planet. Observers in England
indeed are at a great disadvantage this
year, as Marsa is unusually low down in the
south, and it ia almost hopeless for them
to expect to be favored with clear and
steady views of him. It is therefore to
astronomers of tropical or southern coun-
tries that we must. chiefly look for fresh
information respecting our neighbor this
year,

The “opposition” of a planet is utterly
unlike a total eclipse of the sun; there gre
no magic moments wherein rose red flames
or silvery corona are suddenly unveiled,
to be lost again as soon. Our only chance
of learning more of our planetary comrades
in the solar syetem is by the slow and long
continued method of watching them niabt
after night, for successive months, through
each recurring “opposition” and little b
litule pathesing together facts, separately}
trivial, until the sum total is aufficient to
warrant definite conclusions. The process
is slow and unsensational, but that is the
way of science. A planet cannot be boomed
like a soap, a patent pill or a political ery

And the scientific method has taught us
an amazing amount about Mars in the two
centuries and a half that he bas been sub-
jected to telescopic scrutiny. Every part
of ita surface has been charted; we know
it more completely, though of course not
nearly in such detail, than we know that of
the moon; for Mars turns every side to us
and keeps no hemisphere in hiding as our
satellite does. We may even truly say
ThA We RASe teeeurbee of Mars more
completely than we know that of our own
world; for our telescopes easily find their
way to both his poles; neither bis Arctic
nor bia Antarctic regions have to be written
down “unexplored.”

But thongh we know so much of the sur-
face of Mars, can it be supposed for a mo-
ment that we have learned all that we may
yet learn, all that there is to learn?

This question is called forth by the con-
troversy that haa arisen about the “canals”
of Mars, for the one astronomer Mr
Lowell of Arizona, U.S. A., who contends
that these are really artificially made water-
ways bases his argument on the assump-
tion that his drawings of the planet are
yerfect and could not be materially changed
f in the futhre we should be able to see the
planet much better than we can at present.

It ia very hard for any one who has not
made the planet a study to realize how
difficult an object it is and to appreciate at
their full value the skill and patience which
have secured so rich a harvest of facts,
Mars, even at its nearest, seen at its very

best, is no larger than a four inch ball seen | serve without getting #ome pi@tures of

at the distance of balf a mile. It would be
no small feat to detect lines under one-thir-
tieth of an inch in breadth on such a globe
even with the best of telescopes, Yet the
“canals” of Mars would be no wider than
this on such a globe, and every marking of
one-tenth of an inch in diameter would
have to be drawn in form and place before
the little ball would bave been as fully
represented a® Mars ia now shown to us ip
the maps of Schiavarelli, Lowell and others,

The result ia that we find in Mars some
characteristics like those ofour own world
some very different. Just as we find on
the moon mountains, hilla and volcanoes
reminding us with differences of those
of the earth, but fail to find oceans, seas
or rivers, 80 we know of Mars that his day
is but little longer than ours, and the varia-
tions in his seasons almost exactly the same
as with us, though of course slower, since his
year is almost twice the length of the ter-
restrial year. We also see that, unlike the
moon, he has an atmosphere, that clouds
form on it and snow falls. But with these
the reaemblance to our own world seems
to end. Mars has no oceans, no great
seas, some water there must be, but it is
amall in amount and is not gathered to-
gether in great basins. On the other band
Mars hos a feature unknown to the earth;
he has the “canals.”

At least we have nothing onthisearth that
we can recognize as “canals,” but that may
well be because we are too near to our own
world and see ite features in too much detail

we “cannot see the wood forthe trees”
but there can be little doubt that astrono-
mers on Venus if there be any such
turning their telescopes toward our earth
might very well see among our chief

THE SUN, SUNDAY:
ITS NEAREST

| apows louder and soon more

|
'

|

|

 

| have come the old el

geographical features lines as sharp and .

straight anddard as any “canal” that Mr
Lowell rules acrose his drawings of Mars.
If we grant - what is, however, very improb-
able that our atmosphere is transparent

enough to allow our oceans, seas and rivers |

to be discriminated from the solid land,
then beyond a doubt the Amazon, the Nile,
the Mississippi, the St. Lawrence and the
great rivers of Asia will appear to the ob-
server on Venus much as the Martian
“canals” do to us, namely, as long,
straight, narrow lines all windings and
branchings will be effactively smoothed out
because all auch irregularities will be too
small to produce any effect at that distance.

Our terrestrial geography would indeed
produce still stranger features. Over and
over again we should have the land run-
ning into long, straight bars. The eye
would smooth out the irregularities in
outline and bridge over the gaps, which
were too minute for it to define; and though
the chart of the Kerth, as it appears to
Venus, would probably not look quite so
much like a spider's web as does Mr. Lowell's
chart of Mars, it certainly would contain
many stiff rectilinear features that would
suggest an artificial origin and greatly
puzzle the geographer here to identify.

It is not a mere theory that the straight-
ness and uniformity of Mr. Lowells
“canals,” from which he argues that they
are of artifical origin. are simply due to
imperfect seeing. veral observers, either
moro skilful or more favored in their con-
ditions than Mr. Lowell, have already
detected so much of detail and of irregu-
larity in their structure as to quite remove
them from the idea of artificiality.

There is no reason for believing that
Mars is inhabited other than that derived
from the supposed artificial origin of the
“canals.” Mara has a cold climate; it
receives less than half the light and heat
from the aun that the Earth does; and we
get none too much, But more important
even than the eupply of heat is the means
for holding it in. This is afforded us by
our atmosphere; but the very fact that
the atmosphere of Mars is so rare that it
offers next to no hindrance to our per-
ceiving every detail of the planet's surface,

roves that it must be far less sufficient
‘or such a purpose.

Indeed, just as a house with windows
uncurtained and unglazed proclaims itself
to be empty, so it is with a planet. There
is a certain modesty about an inhabited
planet as about an inhabited house. The
very conditions of habitability mean a
certain decent veiling from outside scrutiny.
An atmosphere such as ours, dense enough
for respiration, moisture bearing, cloud sup-
porting and dust laden, such an atmos-
phere, in & werd. 68 is cnnsntial for life as
we know it, would never permit such a dis-
play of its surface as Mare offers to

us, and no doubt the earth appears to Mars,

  

 

 

as Venus to
featureless ball of light.
We may therefore confidently re te
t “ roetme of Canyenee on talk out
gnals from or can aging w Mara,
or that its seasonal changes cat be
to the existence of life—and not only life,
but ee my and singularly efficient life,
or phantasies about the “Titanio works of
a powerful and cooperative population,”
Mars 18 not quite so entirely deprived of air
and water as our moon, and uently
is not quite so “dead” a world or so wholly
removed from change. But when ite fit-
ness for supporting fife is considered thie
advantage must be nterbalanoed by its
much ter distance from the great source
¢ light and heat, and therefore of life—
ie oun.

 

 

COLORADO ELK RANCH,

Man Who Started it Says Elk Are as Rasy
to Mandie as Cattic or Horses.

“Co' Dick! Co’ Dick!”

As the lusty lunged Colorado rancher
sends the cry echoing up from the quak-
ing asp bottoms there is a sudden crashing
in the underbrush. A tinkling bell drawe
nearer, and soon there dashes into the open
glade a magnificent cow elk. About her
neck is a bell, but otherwise there is nothing
to hint that she bas not sprung from the
wilds. The crackling of the underbrush
elk break
, through into the open and etand staring

 

| at the human intruders. They make a)

| magnificent picture against the green
| bushes of the creek bottom, says the Denver

| Republican, and soon across the rushing |

trout stream outlined against the sky ap-
pears a row of antlered heada.
| If it were not for the fact that in the
| early summer most of the elk remain in
hiding with their young there would be
from 100 to 200 of the animals gathered in
the creek bottom or watching proceed-
ings from the opposite bluff, for this is
the great Littlefield elk ranch of north-
western Colorado—the moet magnificent elk
preserve in the world.

 

Fourteen years ago Barrett Littlefleld,,

a veteran cattleman on the Little Snake
| River, saw that elk in the Rocky Moun-
| tains would soon be exterminated unless
| some steps were taken to preserve them.
| Mr. Littlefield’s ranch is an ideal mountain
retreat at the headwaters of the Little
Snake. Here was the natural home of
the elk yeara ago. There were few ranches
in that part of Colorado at that time, and
great bands of elk would come down from
the mountains to winter, to forage at lower
levela where the snow was not ao deep.
They caused losses among the ranchmen
owing to the fact that the hungry animale
would break through fences to get at the
stacks of hay.

But as the country grew more settled
the elk were killed off. ‘To-day, in a land
where one could see bands of thousands
of elk te ago, one can travel for
weeks without seeing one of the noblest
animals of the Kocky Mountain game
country. ‘The elk are practically exter-
minated as far as Colorado is concerned,
and it is only a question of a few years
until they are exterminated in Jackson's
Hole, Wyo., their last stand.

Fortunately, however, Mr. Littlefield had
begun to work out a scheme for a large elk
preserve. From a small beginning four-
teen years ago his elk herd has increased
until t bas a magnificent berd. The ani-
mals thrive here as they will not thriveina
city park, because they are in their natural
surroundings. The Littlefield elk ranch
is in the heart of their old time feeding

round, Part of it is in creek bottoms
thickly covered with the delicate quakin
aspen, on which elk loveto feed, and part o
it ia mountainous. Here the elk wandeus
over hill and dale, getting the food they
like best and being molested very little
by man. In the background are the snow
capped peaks of the Sierra Madre range,
and one cannot wander over the elk pre-

surpassing beauty when elk are surprised
in their favorite haunts or come at Mr.
Littlefield’s call.

The man who carried out this unique
idea with such surprising resulte is a
typical Westerner. In early days he was
a cow man, and old time cattlemen in
Colorado say Barrett Littlefield was one
of the most daring riders in Routt county,
but when his elk herd began to increase
he sold off all his cattle and now devotes
himeelf entirely to the preservation and
propagation of those noble creatures of
the wilds.

“I like to handle elk,” said Mr. Little-
field to a visitor. “They are the cleverest
and most knowing of animals. You can’t
handle them the way you would handle
cows or horses, however. If you cloutan
elk over the nose to make him move away,
as you would a horse, he will never forget
it. He will give you a wide berth forever
after. It is hard for a stranger to get near
the elk pére except late in the fall or in the
winter. In the spring when the youn
hide in the cree
bottoms and will not come out. But in the
tall and winter when feed is getting 4 littie
short theelk will come at my call to get hay.

Mr. Littlefield has been comnpened to
resort to many expedients to keep his
herd from growing too large. He has
supplied the markets of Denver with elk
meat in the holiday season, and he has
sold many live elk to public parks, séme
even being sent to Antwerp for the pub-
lic gardens there. For his market trade
he keeps a number of steer elk. These
magnificent creatures keep their antlers
all the year round, while the bull elk shed
theirs in the spring. It astounds men who
are fatniliar with elk in their native haunts
when a group of antlered creatures is seen
in summer.

It. is estimated that in the course of ten
years, if the present rate of slaughter is
continued, there will be no elk in Colorado
and comparatively few in ween . where
most of the survivors have . Poachers
are even killing elk in Yellowstone National
Park, running down the animals In winter,

when the ice protection in the park is
inadequate. Only a few weeks ago several
of these elk poachers were caught by the

authorities and heavily fined.

But thanka to the foresight of Mr. Lit-
tlefield the elk are not doomed to total
extinction. As long as he maintains his
magnificent herd the wapiti family will
always be safe from total elimination, no
matter how shamelessly the hunters carry
on their work of destruction.

 

 

Something of a Comet on the Way. @@
From the Weatminater Goeette.

Those of us who live three years or so longer
may expect to see a comet compared with
which our present visitant is scarcely worth
mentioning

This wonder of the skies is “Halley's Comet,*
which, after its migbty circuit through apace,
hae for centuries paid us regular visits at an
interval of about seventy-five years. On
its last appearance, in 1835, ita brilliant disc
and flaming tail, apanning the heavens like
an arch of fire, created the greatest excite-
ment.

Another remarkable comet of last century
was that of 1811, which for several weeks
blazed brilliantly in the northern sky. This
comet, which was credited with a tail *
000,000 miles long, more than long enough to
encircle the earth 8,000 times, sree es-

ed a collision with the sun, only 32,000
miles separating their surfac

en,
The comet of 1861 waa chiefly r rkable
for the fact that the earth passed —without

any one being a whit the worse--through ite

 

Prom American Magazine of Aeronautica.

A visit to the balloon factory of Mr. Stevens
the other day was rather surprising. No
less than eleven balloons were found, either
completed or in c@urse of congtruction, One
f 80,000 eubic feet capacity is for the United

C Mecor, tr of th tati f

3.C. Me one o' e representatives
America in the Gordon Bennett race this
year, is having one built of 36,000 cubic feet.
Another of 0,000 cubic feet goes to a Mr.
Baxter in Florida. Stil another goes to far
off Johannesburg, South Africa.

Elmer Van Ranken of Gloversville, N. Y.,
is moving an airship built which will contain
9, cu feet of hydrogen. Two captive

ve gone =} on enterprising coepie
pt young =n 58 Norfolk, who operating

8 park of their own just outside the James-

wo tion. ‘he other purchasers are

James H, Hare, Joseph Cali

AUGUST 4, 1907.

us,a bright but almost

{
due The first submarine craft which really

|
|
He found it very di

FIRST AMERICAN SUBMARINE.

Almost Biow Up a British
1996.

navigated under serious conditions was
the invention of an American, Daniel Bush-
nell of Saybrook, Conn.

Bushnell was graduated from Yale im 1776
and in that same year completed the sub-
marine vessel on which he had been at
work since 1771. He does not seem to have
named the boat himself, but it has come

to be known as the Turtle because of its

shape.
The entrance to the vessel, says « writer

fn the Navy, corresponded to the opening’

made by the ewells' of a ‘turtle shell at

ita head. The boat was about seven and’

a half feet long'and six feet deep; large

enough to contain the operator and suffi-

cient air to last him half an hour.

It was ballasted chiefly with permanent
lead ballast. In addition to this a maas of
lead, 200 pounds in weight, could be let
down forty or fifty feet below the vessel,
enabling the operator to ancher or to rise
quickly to the surface in case of accident.

A water gauge, illuminated by means of
a cork wiih phosphorus on it, which floated
on

i the depth of the Turtle. By means of a
| Compass, aleo illuminated with phosphorus,
the operator was able to direct the course
of his vesscl.

An oar formed on the principle of an old
| fashioned screw was fixed in the forward
part of the Turtle. The operator by turn-
ing it in one direction could propel the
vees«. forward, or in the other could propel
it backward.

Another oar, placed near the top of the
Turtle, worked on the same principle. By
means of the latter the operator, after have
ing established the equilibrium of the
vessel, comld move it either upward or
downward: A rudder in the afterpart of
the Turtle could be used for sculling.

The entrance to the boat was elliptical
and eo small as to barely admit one person.
lt was surrounded by a broad elliptical
iron band, the lower edge of which was let
into the wood, Above the upper edge of
this brase iron band was a crown, »-
sembling a hat. It shut watertight upon
the iron band, to which it was bung with
hinges, turning over sidewaya w hen opened.

In the crown were three round doors,
one directly in front and one on each side,
and large enough to put the hard through,
These when opened admitted fresh air
Their shutters were ground perfectly tight
and were hung with hinges. There were
several glass windows in the crown for the
admission of light and two air pipes.

A ventilator drew fresh air through one
of the pipes and discharged it at the bottom
of the vessel. The impure air escaped
through the other pipe. These, of course
were used only when the turtle was floating
on the surface of the water. The valves
opened automatically when they pame out
of the water and clowed as soon as they en-
tered it,

When the operator wished to descend he
placed his foot on the lever of the valve, by
which means he opened a large aperture in
the bottom of the vessel, thereby allowing
the water to enter the tank. When a suf-
| ficient. quantity had been obtained to cause
j the vessel to descend very gradually he
| closed the valve. The aperture under this
valve was covered by a perforated plate.

The water could be discharged from the
tank by the brass force pump. When the

sss sett esses <b epiennsesunss ceases
-

| vessel leaked the bilge could be pumped out

by a similar pump. Everything in the
Turtle was brought so near the oper-
ator,that he could find in the dark what he
wished and without turning either to the
right. or to the left. A_ firm oe of
wood was framed parallel to the short
diameter of the vessel to prevent the sides
from yielding. This also served asa seat
for the operator.

crown was a socket with an iron tube pass-
ing through it. At the top of the tube
Was a wood acrew, fixed by means.of a rod
which passed through the tube. When the
wood screw bad been made fast to some
object it could be cast off by unscrewing
the rod. Behind the vessel and above the
rudder was attached a magazine composed
of two blocks of oak wood, hollowed out
so a8 to hold 150 pounds of powder. This
was fired by a percussion device, timed b
means of clockwork. A_ rope extended
from the magazine to the wood screw.

To destroy a ship the operator was to
submerge the Turtle, navigate it until it was
underneath the ship that was to be de-
stroyed, screw the wood screw into her
bottom, cast off the magazine and move
away. The magazine being buoyant would
immediately rise against the bottom of the
ship. The clockwork which fired it was
started by the casting off of the magazine,
and gave the operator time to retire to a
safe distance.

Bushnell made many trials of the Turtle
before sending it against a British vessel.
cult to obtain a skilful
operator. Inr t to this part of bis work
he wrote as follows:

“In the firat essay with the submarine
vessel I took care fo prove ite strength
to sustain the great pressure of the incum-.
bent water, when sunk deep, before I
trusted any person to descend much below
the surface; and I never suffered any person
to go under water without having a stron
pe of rigging made fast to it, until

‘ound him well acquainted with the opera-
tions necessary for his safety.
him descend and

'
In the fore part of the brim of the brass

“After that I made
continue at particular depths, without
rising or sinking, row by the compaas,
proach a veasel, go under her, and fix the
wood screw into her bottom, until I cum
him sufficiently expert to put my en
into operation.

“I found, agreeable to my expectations,
that it required many trials to make a per-
son of common ingenuity a skilful operator;
the first I employed was v ingenious
and made himself master of the business,
but was taken sick in the campaign of 1776
at New York before he had opportunity
to make use of hie skill, and never recov-
ered his health sufficiently afterwards.”

In the summer of 1776. when Admiral,
Howe lay with a formidable British fleet in
New York Bay a little below the Narrows,
Bushnell attempted to destroy one of his
ships, the Eagle, of 64 guns. e 0 tor
whom the inventor ee! to e the
ongertmest was Sergt. Ezra Lee.

e had had little experience with the

Lee,
Turtle
He attempted to fix the
wooden screw into her bottom, but struck
as he supposed a bar of iron, which passed
from the rudder hinge and was spiked un-
der the ship's quarter.

Bushnell said that had Lee “moved a
few inches, which he might have done,
without rowing, I have no doubt but he
would have found wood where he might
have fixed the screw; or, if the ship were
sheathed with copper, he nig easily have
pierced it; but oY well skilled in the

eecemehes
|

Turtle and was therefore inexpert.
however, successfully navigated the
under the Eagle.

to move to another place, he lost the ship;
after for some time he rowed some
to the surface of the

far that he durst not renew the attempt.”

On his return from the le,
near ‘jovernors Island, which was then
occupied by the British. Being in haste
and thinking he was discovered by the
cpemy. he cast off the magazine, su ng
that it retarded his movement. ter an
hour, the time the mec! was set to

run, the magazine exploded with t

violence, te the consternat ion of the coven.
Two subsequent attempts were

with the Turtle against the British shipping.

In one of these the operator ‘succeeded

getting hie vessel underneath a British

in

ship, but the tide gn 00 the Turtle
was sw away. the

an dealeen Cons Uaioe as the Tes

on_board.
The inventor afterw:
vessel, but did

health was poor,
obtain and

Samet

ard recovered his
further with it. His

was unable to
assistance with which

 
 

ee SE ee

THE REAL ESTATE MARKET
WHAT THE LAST HALF YEARs
BUILDING FIGURES SHOW.

 

 

‘The building statistics of the city for the
first half of the present year make a showing
that goes far toward explainihg the current
drift of the realty market. A notable
feature of recent trading has been the great

falling off in demand for tenements, using

the word in ite legal sense, in the central
borough. At. no earlier. period within
the enemory of experienced operstors has
there been so little trading in the tenement
sections of Manhattan as is the cape just
now. ‘ ,

These sections have experienced an un-
interrupted boom at least since the modern
Jewish and Italian immigration began.
It is hardly a mere coincidence that the
collapse of this boom takes place just when
for the first time in the history of the city

water within the gauge, registered’! the great bulk of the new housing under

construction is located outside of Man-
hattan.

Until 1905 by far the larger part of the
housitfg construction was projected in this
borough. In 1006 the share for Manhattan
atill amounted to about one-half of the total
for the entire city.

During the first six months of the current
year, however, the housing construction
undertaken in Manhattan shrank to
an inconsiderable proportion. Only 7,203
families were provided for, as against
10,744 in the same period a year ago. On the
other hand the outlying boroughs main-
tained their building record for the corre-
sponding six months of 1006, providing
house room for 26,461 families, as against
26,402 last year.

This computation includes both tene-
ments and dwellings. The number of
families provided for in tenements is ob-
tained from the booke of the Tenement
House Department. The number provided
for in dwellings is estimated on the con-
servative assumption that one-half of the
5,787 dwellings erected outside of Man-
hattan during the last six months are two
family houses.

Of course it has been generally admitted
that the new tunnels and bridges would
eventually bring about some decentraliza-
tion of population. But until a month
ago the Manhattan tenement house boom
gave no indication that professional oper-
ators expected the process of decentrali-
vation be either near at hand or very
extensive.

On this point the following building
figures are extremely ‘suggestive when
viewed in connection with recent develop-
ments in the Manhattan realty market, and
they cover ail plans filed for various

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

      

he |
— Cee | ——
ChUFOeB 5 dBhednee POOF 1 2oong*
BRODIE os sosvnssensee es B e.108
Public bulldings.......... 1907 4 Bh'3ho
1006 mn Biwi
Other frame structures... .19v7 7 1788
1 mM 10,148
TOM seseeesseeeens NOT BAB BB wo
1906 PSVATT
Private Saics.

‘our story dwelling, on lot 25x1085. ‘Ibe
uyers are Edward F. Caldwell & (o.,
who occupy part of No. 38, adjoining

THIRD STREET.—The estate of Georga
Zintle has sold to Julius Lehner and 2.9

lene Silke No, 246 Vest Third street,»
three story anee’ on lot 24.0x105.11

ATTORNEY STREET.— Abraham Sandber
pe sold to Isidore Friedman No. 172 Aw
torney street, a five story tenement, on
lot 23.1150.

NINTH AVENUE.—Nicholas Selvaggi hin

ughtfor a client from Dr. J. E. Sicnar
io. 673 Ninth avenue, a four story tene.
ment, on lot 20x100.

FORTIETH. STGEET.-Nechols & Blumen.
stock have sold to William Silverberg tha
five story tenement at No. 546 West borticth
street, on lot 25x08.0.

HEATH AVENUE, -W. J. Huston & Son
have sold.for Dowd & Maslin the plot, wax
116x50x124, on the west side of Heath ave-
nue, 190 feet south of Kingsbridge road,

244TH BTREET,--Marietta De Pasquale hag
bought the bot, 25x100, on the south ade
of 214th street 310 feet east of White llaing
avenue,

THE BRONX.—The Edenwald Land Com.
panies have sold to Denis McGowan a jot

att avenue 500 feet south of Kj ‘ge
prides road; to] Ruskirk & Burdon one
jot on Bracken avenue 207 feet south of
Kingsbridge road, and two lots on Mone
aghan avenue 175 feet south of Randall
avenue to Emma ©, Carlson,

THIRTY ute STREET. Pocher & Co,
J.

F precy Ty STREET —Charies Wittenaver
sold No. 36 West Fifteenth sireet a

ve sold for Mrs. Lillian 1. Gannon to Mar
McDonaid No. @) West Thirty-nine
street, a five story tenement, on lotjaoxivo,

Miscellaneous.
Douglas Robinson, Charles 8. Brown &
. have leased for Charles A. Peabody to
+" phraim for a long term of yearg
the e,on plot 50x00.11, at No. 414 Weat
as6th atrort, he lessee will erect a gurage
Jobn M. Thompson & Co. were the brokers
in ee sale ¥ the Weldon apartment house,
by. William H. Bennett. The buyer is Joha
Soh » who gives in part payment No.
nd avenue, a four story American
it dwelling, on lot 25.8x110. It's one
of the few dwellings on the West side having
an elevator. The deal involved $250,000,
Plans have been filed with Building Super-
intendent Murphy for a six story apartient
house to be built for T. J. Mc aughlin’s Song
as owners at the northwest corner of Broad-
way and 143d street. It will have a Broadway
frontage of 09.11 feet and a depth of 115 feet
and will have accommodations for forty-four
families. It is to cost $250,000, Schwartz &
Gross are the architects.
Plans Wave been filed for two six story
apartment houses, ehch with accommoda-

tions for twenty-four families, to be built for
Emanuel Krulewitz on 148th street 75 feet
east of Convent avenue. They are to cost
$320,000, Neville & gre are the architecta,

Plans have been fled for remodelling the
four story and basement residence at No,
204 West Fifty-eighth streeet, owned by Loute
Fisher, into a bachelor apartment house with

«round floor store and for making over the
our atory dwelling at No. 241 West Forty-
second street into an office building with a
ground floor store, the &nprovements being
made for Lillie McGovern as owner.

The Mathattan plans for new buildings
filed yesterday tnelude a nine story ware.
house, to be built for Henry O. Heuer at No,
178 and 180 Franklin street and@Nos. 56 and 62
North Moore street at a cost of $227,000, and

kinds of construction during the first aix | 4 six story flat with store for Glick & Gordon
months of 1906 and 1997: ° o Sep, ey one 308 East Thirty-first street, to
MANHATTAN, The Bronx plans comprise the addition of
Sanr Ne pummne | two cares. story and basement wings to the
. ° st ublie achoo nilding on Longw &
WENNER... .+sererensee i > eee rom Beck to Kelly street, to cost sieey
TeneMeNt®......c00e00.+. 1008 ~ GAO 41 018,F00 | #PO_& two story storage house at the corner
1907 ot 17,644.709 | Of Walnut avenue and i4ist street to cost
Hotels........56 coerccees, AOae 1 100,000 2 AW,
1007 2 2. UC OU
PROGR: 565.0sccnccceeseses: ioe it 2.gi4.400 Suburban Notes
y aS 765.200 , x
OMce bulldings....... Ho S111.187,080 | | Pease & Elliman have rented for Mrs. M.
Siaaviesturien wad Work 14,1066.500 HON. Bartlett her country pluce at Harts-
pe 1904 a 2.000.000 | dale, N. Y., for @ne vear to Satterlee Swart-
a 1907 14 1ose.oop | Wout, and for Mrs. George Im Holmes her
Schoola...... 1608 7 9205000 | piace at Lawrence, L. 1., to G@Orge M. Cum-
1907 9 . x inings ,
CRBPOREG,, .. 02 000005sRs i $ eg | " Alfred E. Sehormerbern has mange jhe fel
. 4 Owing rentals a outhampton, I:
Pubile bulldings (muni =~ ( Mrs. Kitred Nelson lleur-de- ive to deymour
cipal... peataiave 3908 i 138328 { \ Cromwell and Clovertop to Mrs. Robert L.
f tevens,
Public "hatidings ¢places , The Rickert-Finlay Realty Com
; ° ' ’ pany hae
of amunenrent)., . ji J * ae sold in Broadway-Finushing to Claus Sehulta
Rtation........ 1908 “a 2.103.000, the tet, ge) on me gouth oe “ Station
ype "sae. road, 20 feet west of Twenty-fourth street;
Mink ied... lus. ae 188-800 | to Axel A. Lindskog and Oscar W. Thorbora
was % the plot, 40x100, on the east side of Twenty-
an — ninth street 60 feet south of Franconia a :
« » io 4 eco Vee
Torals.......+6 Coccceses 1906 1070 =. 878.406.2909 | nue to Peter De Rosa the plot, SUXBAXSS, o
1907 es 47,530.0% | the north west corner of Twenty-fifth street
THE BRONZ. one sreneway to onions O. poet the plot
mn , 100, on the east side of ‘| wenty-secon
Brick dwellings veer % fer. street 440 feet north of Crocheron avenue;
at edaaie st 217 1,858'300 | (Oo Fannie and George Seibert the plot, 60x100,
Frame dwellingss.........1006 631 8,028 665 fax the — side rd T ee wrer 320
1907 4 eet nor of State street Also, in Weat-
Brick tenements.......... WOK s 1s abe moreland to Gustav and Marte Kornhuber
1907 204 3320000 | the plot, 40x100, on the west side of Nassar
2 | . ’ 3 sal
Framgjenements,........ 1906 16 117,400 | road 400 feet north of Summit avenue; to
1007 an 197,500 | Ida V. Lehman the plot, 60x100, on the east
SUOMEB.. 0... eevee ee ev es HJ 27 453,500 | side of Glenwood avenue 100 feet north of
Office buildings H+ 44 = 2 Cutter avenue; to Dean \\ etch the lot, 40x100,
ie on e east side o estmoreland avenue,
Manufactories and work _ . 89,500 | 200 feet north of Cutter avenue. At East
DMN Gy sets sscusisste 1908 81 341,250 ?'t Heigate the compeny bas gov te vone
1907 ‘a £ pley the plot, 44x100, at the northeass
Schools ......seceeeee++ ++ 1008 * Se oop corner of Davidson place and Barclay street;
1007 7 36,000 | to mergaret ). Fauser the lot, 20x75, on the
Churches....... jeseeeess 1906 4 46,370 | south side of Barelay street 60 feet west of
Sanity taeiens enemies 1907 12 230,000 eet. avenpe; be. Remas phorriney the
' x75, on the south side o relay street
DAWD.. veere seers seer es 6 NOOR 4 70,000 | 40 feet west of Woolsey avenue: to A.C. Potter
ea ad 8 190,000 | the lot, 20x100, on the south side of Van Alst
of amusement).........1006 8 317,500 | Venue 24 feet west of Potter avenue. 4
1907 6 308,000 Joseph P. Day will sell at auction next
Stables... cee 1008 56 422,450 | Saturday at Edgemere, L. 1., 126 lots on Spray
1907 an 251'275 | View, Neptune, Wave Crest, Ocean, Mermatd,
Frame structures.........1906 16 oa.200 | Edgemere and Rochesteravenues. Edgemere
’ 1907 i 21,075 | is thoroughly restricted and is in the midat
— —s ———-————= | Of a large restricted section, It has a fine
THREE. oovcnreseeress oof {72 een = gosan trent on eee there are large bath-
, ‘ ouses for the use of lot buyers.
BROOKLYN. The Bankers’ Land and Mortgage Corpora-
Year, No. Cor tion has made the following sales at Elmhuret
Dwellings (Drick)........ 1008 1,280 $5,480,2 Heights’ To Alfred Bowen, the plot 40x100,
1007s‘ 788 9.400'400 | ON the west side of Penfold road, 140 feet
Tenements (brick)........ 10% = 1,047 12,431,000 | north of Kensington Terrace; to Samuel
cee ta ms Veo Garey, jhe plot evar, on the nash side of
eo side avenue, 40 feet east of Arlington
1907 12 640,375 | avenue; to Felix 8S. Wagner, the plot 60xiv0.
Stores and two families ioe 2a 1,482,200 | on the southwest corner of Kensington Terrace
Omce buildings. 1908 OT onan pe Covenie’ Tereway, and, te James o
Peer ¢ Norton, e plo x100, on the east side o
Manufactories and work ed 80 884,000 Fee CNOe BUERES, 140 feet north of Woodside
shops (brick)........... 1906 60 1,903,900 enue.
1907 12 y The Lewis H. May Company has resold for
Moanufactories and work- a Edgar Lehman and A. Kornfeld the Sampter
shopr (frame)...........1006 a4 109,300 | cottage at th® corner of Alexander and Ovean
1907 20 45,575 | avennes, Arverne, L.1., on a plot of six lots
Schools......... nbeeess0s 1906 7 1,365,000 he buyer is Morris Asinof of Manhatian.
@uemhen. too 10 2.230000 | ‘The following sales of houses and lois are
piseergeeiti++ss Ge ? ise tee feported by the Columbia investipent and
Public buildings (munict- : ab tae Radaes Heike ee te ne,
» mere and Hudson Heights, N. J.: To A. bh.
DOD o. os rrorescrorerens HJ $ tet aoe and J. C, Carter a plot 50x125, on the south
Public bulldings (amuse : side of Franklin avenue, Grantwood; to
NGG: vastcesaieesiss 1904 5 aa7.oon | George B. Williams a plot 50x100, on the
Madtes. +t ww 880,000 oor alge. S pomon avenue. eeeet word:
MTB ce: vr ccrecorsecres 406 600 o na Reichert a plot 50x100, at the north-
1907 70 565.468 | east corner @f Fulton and Prospect avenues,
Other brick structures oe ie 000 sense aorens: to ane Prey pat &
2 5 plo! bx100, on e east side of Hamilton
Frame dwellings......... a a sie tee avenue, Hudson Heights, to Mrs. uM, A. Grose
' man am rn ten room house, on plot Sox to,
Frame tenements...,.... Bid 2 p= fed on the north side of kim Avenue, Mordemere.
me stores and two . The Rickert-Finlay Realty Company's
Sapa aeepnien sone 110 800, omtipen at Brondway-Flushing, Douglas Maser
2 107,500 n estmorelan were ke more than
Other frame structures.. 1904 320 431.576 | usually busy this week wit negotiations
1907 “ 08.638 and aales, probably for the renaoe that the
—— amowte~- | GB50 © oc 00 ‘utter’s§ collection o
TO sesercccere. + MME $23 $90,508,351 | curios and junk attracted to the northerly
bn 498 41,961,384 Dart of Queens borough a, remarkable throng
. qua . of we © do people, Many of these ha
' eco, Ne ia not seen me Rickert inlay Broperties since
, a Q early spring, and others, especially those
Frame CONGR». +00 + RT te 538.078 who came fom Manhattan in automobiles,
Brick dwellings............ 1907 2A 4be-anp | HAG not before realized the natural advan-
* ‘ 1906 101 ‘bo2-700 | tage of noe eoottes ae a site for handsoire
‘enements.............+...1007 238 ‘ country homes, The Cutter collection was
1908, 257 bebe exhibited on Monday and Tuesday and
Store and dwellings........1907 a 833,700 one, on Yodan ay aad Thyreday. and on
348,70) | @ our ys e Douglas Manor Inn was
OMces.........+. eeereeeres 3 $10 thronged, with Vieors. | Not a few of th -
5 who on the way home from the Cutter sale
Factories.... 3 191,09 | atopped at the inn for a fee minutes became
Schools....... ” eee | interested in the development that is going
908 4 485 1 on in the entire section, and some of them
CROP»: 0+ 020000000000 .0E , 252 me buyers of home sites on the spot.
i 128 abe
» gaa ito 3 aie POLAR BEAR STEAK.
OL ne a2 o> aro eee sam wae
Socpitale be] 10 25.775 | Net So Bad If Cooked With Plenty of Strong
heneadeiersskenne et coe: paepnt Onions.
Other frame structures....1907 198 180.908 | According to Max Fleischman, who his
” 407.064 | not only killed polar bears but has eaten
50 872,915 | the same, the meat waa fairly palatal.
31 ;
38 192/450 | although it was necessary to cut it into

 

 

 

BEOUGIS,. os se vvervcvcccececss s
; 4
RNG ii sxeisersats<s 1907 = 3385 rm)
1906 = 2467 *orraes
RICHMOND,
Y vo,
Frame dwellings.......... 1007 | us oFerten
1908 543
Brick dwellings.......... 1907 18
Maputectories and work - ter 2 mnie
Moves cece My OSES
Office bulldings........ asf 13 61
Tememente,...oeseesei i+. JOM. : ay
>. .* eteeee

19,950 | the opinion of

ote very thin strips and hammer it thoroug)!y
———- | before broiling in order to get the blubbery

taste out of it.

“In addition to this precaution,” saves |'f.
Fleischman in the National Geogray/'¢
Magazine, “I would advise that a plentil

eri admixture of oniona be used in bro
fresh

bear'meat, and if the onions are strong

one a chant for on: ' 4

one won't really mind bear steak. [t |
he writer and also of |!"
ship surgeon, who was the taster of all -°¥

f .
‘ood, ice”