Bin

4
4
3

 

 

  

  

 

 

Prices Speak Louder Than Words

Some Stores Find It Easier to Print Furniture Talk Than Furniture .
Bargains. We Are Not Afraid to Print the Offers on Which We Claim
Supremacy in. Furniture Value-Giving. Here Are a Few---but the

 

 

Whole Furniture Store Is Filled with More.
and These Prices with Any Advertised or Shown Anywhere Else

 

Compare This Furniture

: Library 5-Piece Parlor Suites | Parlor Cabinets ,
i . Regular Price Reduced to! Regular Price Reduced to | Regular Price Reduced to | Rewular Price J . Reduced to
Fu rniture | $45 Green Plush. ..... $35/$110 Damask ...... 867.50 $110 Panne Plush. . $98.50) $27.00 vernis-martin . $18.00
60 Verona 00 605000608 45 ik P | 135 D k 75 00) 44.00 vernis-martin oe 27.50
Regular Price Reduced to | 73 Tapestry.......... ‘ 00 Silk Plush. .... 75.00) peepee tere | 45.00 vernis-martin 28.00
$26 Side Chair.......... $20 76 Green Plush...... 57] 95 Silk Plush.... 84.50) 190 Panne Plush. . 175.00) 120.00 vernis-martin : " 84.00
28 Arm Chair....... cece 22 Other Parlor Suites (No Duplicates) | 76.50 mahogany ..... 38.00
20 Arm Chair 12. Regular Price Reduced tw | Regular Price Reduced to; Regular Price Reduced to | a mahogany..... 50.00
+ Mb es mms | $85.00 5 Piece $80.00 5 Piece $102.00 5 Piece » 79.50 mahogany..... 45.00
40 Arm Chair........ -. BO | Parlor Suite, . Parlor Suite, | Parlor Suite, 80.00 gold finish. .... 50.00
| damask... 862.00 tapestry... $59.50 panne plush... $76.00; 60.00 gold finish... 35.00
20 Rocker ........ seeee 12 | _———————_————_——————__—_——_———————] 79.00 gold finish 45.00
30 Rocker............. 20/TURKISH ROCKERS—Comforta-| —_3-Piece Parlor Suites 100.00 gold finish 65.00

ble and very artistic rockers for the | Reeular Price Reduced to

ROC sc esssvcevee, BF library, den, sitting room or hall; | $60.00 verona........... $45.00) Davenports neteate

2 Rocker ......... eee. 35 upholstered in the best possible 65.00 verona.......... 50.00 Price to
36.50 Rocker. ......... 28 | manner and fitted with two styles | 100.00 tapestry........... 60.00 = . AESTERESE SELES GS “=e
| 43 Rocker. ............ 27] Of Springs; covered with Boston | 121.50 tapestry.......... 72.00) ge vs" Bane
| oes leather; trimmed with fringe to | 125.00 tapestry............ 90.00) gg’ Gag
© SOTR . erseeeeeesenes 30| match covering; special $25 126.00 damask...... see 70.00) 62 ................ $5.00
OB sw essen ess 45] price... 153.00 damask............ 88.00) 60. .......0000.05.. 62.00
(Siegel Cooper Store, Fifth Floor No. 2) With Harrington spring $29.50 | 243.00 damask wees, 142.50 5. . Corer eeeeoooess 45.00

 

WHITE HEATHER AFAST YACAT
FIFE'S CRE ATION ONLY DE-
FEATED ONCE THIS SEASON,
Abie to Salil won an Kinds of Weather

—Schooner Resolute’s Remarkable

Attantlc Trip—American Protest of
French Motor Boats Arouses Criticism.

The White Heather, Fife's best creation,
is still winning races in British waters, and
in apite of all they can do on the Brynhild
they are not able to improve that yacht

days calm on the east end of the Newfound-
land banks, during which the saila were
lowered on account of their severe flapping
caused by the heavy rolling of the yacht.
Then came light breezes, followed by a
severe gale from the southwest; while
running before this gale the yacht was
gybed by one of the inexperienced helms-
men. At 11 P. M. on July 8 the Bishop's
Rock light was poked up, and was passed
next morning. he Eddystone was passed
at 11 P. M., wind northerly moderate, the
ro making about nine knots. The

eedies were sighted at 2 P. M. on the 10th
inst., and just on entering the Solent the
acht was struck by an —aoney heavy
slinding squall of rain and hail. Capt.
Webster then beat the yacht up to South-

enough to make her even close to the White | #™pton at the end of the ebb tide, and finally

Heather, and it is the continued success of
this yacht that has so much encouraged
the friends of Sir Thomas Lipton, who ia
Row preparing to challenge for the America's
cup

The White Heather Las met with one
defeat this season. In order to keep the
Nyria in the racing an allowance of 7 sec-
onds a mile is given to that yacht by the
White Heather and she has won once.
Strange to say, it was the thirteenth race
of the White Heather, and it was sailed on
the 13th of July in the regatta of the Royal

cast anchor off Hythe at 7 P. M.

“As a piece of superb audacity we think
Capt.@Webster's achievement stands well
to thefront. Here we havea Scotsman who
will not depend solely on paid hands, but
with a so-called crew recruited from the
brass cleaners of the transatlantic grey.
hounds, and a very small crew at that, he
coolly takes charge of a big schooner with
enormous spare and p' 8 to cross the
Atlantic. It is hard to get Capt. Webster
to talk about himself. but we gather that
when he was dropped by the tug at Scotland
lightship his crew were inclined to ask
questions, but they were not long in doubt
as to his meaning business and his determi-

Cinque Ports Yacht Club from Dover to | pation to carry through to a finish what

Boulogne and back. The wind was light

from the southwest

White Heather led by 1 minute. The
yachts raced home witb started sheets
and the Nyria, with freshening breeze,
finished within her time and won the race.
The Brynhild was first across the finishing

line, 19 seconds ahead of the White Heather.

On the previous day the White Heather
Won over a 30 mle course, beating the
Brynhild 2 minutes 56 seconds and the
Nyria + minutes 31 seconds. The White
Heather won the Dover to Ostend race,
which was sailed in a fine northeasterly
breeze, and at Ostend she won again in
another good breeze This yacht seems
to be able to do well in any kind of weather.

Ex-Commodore J. Pierpont Morgan's
@team yacht Corsair has been overhauled
and painted at Summers & Payne's yard
at Southampton. The Emperor's yacht
Meteor is now at Cowes, ready to race there.

The racing in the 5? foot closs is as hot as
ever. The Britomart, Ma'oona and Shimna
alternate in winning and the Sonya occa-
sionally picks up a race. This season the
Sonya has won fifteen flags--three firsts,
@leven seconds and one third.

A new 2,000 ton yacht is being built for
Morton F. Plant from designs by Cox &
King at Leith. This yacht will be about
280 feet long and will be fitted with two
gets of four crank triple expansion engines,
with steam supplied by cylindrical, tubular
and water tube boilers working at high
pressure.

The auxiliary schooner Resolute,
for John W. Masury in 1903, has been sold
to Capt. R. V. Webster of the City of London
Imperial Yeomanry, and the yacht has heen
renamed Ceylon. The Resolute was de-
@gned by A. Cary Smith and is a steel vessel
124 feet over all, 90 feet on the water line,
28 feet 6 inches beam and 14 feet 3 inches
draught. She was built by Townsend &
Downev at Shooters Island, where the
Emperor's yacht Meteor was built. She
fe fitted with a gas engine. Capt. Webster
took the yacht across the ocean himself,
and the Yachting World has an account
of the voyage. which was an exciting one.
It says:

“Capt. KR. V. Webster of the City of London
Imperial Yeomanry has just completed
@ remarkable performance in bringing
the large American built schooner Resolute,
now renamed Ceylon, from New York to
Southampton, with a very small and poor
crew.

“The yacht in question i# a very fine
vessel, resembling very much H. I, M.
the German Emperor's Meteor, Her ton-
age t. Mm. is 222 ai

“Capt. Webster purchased her very re-
eently in New York and made his arrange-
menta to come over here in her, but ~
had considerable difficulty in getting a
crew, and finally having got a small crowd
together, had to make the best he could
of them, though none of them were yachta-
tae. aod few sailors. Only one could steer
and hardly one of them could speak Eng-
lish. There were seven of them, eight in-
cluding the captain, but he deserted at
the last minute, and Capt. Webster decided
to come over and be hia own skipper, he
having served his apprenticeship to the sea
asa lad. He accordingly engaged a tug
to take the schooner out at 2 AMS the crew
having no idea they were going to sea.
Capt. Webster gives us the Slow ng short
sccount of the passage across after the tug

cast therm off at the Scotland lightship on
the morning of June 18 last:

built

“Having got the canvas on the yacht with
considerable difficulty, owing to the igno-
rance of the men, the oeae a fine start,
logging 226 knota in the first twenty-four
hours. He then encountered dense
three days, after which came a ion
of strong gales, during which the yacht
averaged ten k

‘og for

nots under storm trysail,

Staysail and ji. After this came four

|

!

|
|
|

iF

he had begun. Doubtless the said crew

; were familiar with the American expression
At Boulogne the | that he had sand, and felt they had met a

man with plenty of it. Finally we have
the scene of Capt. Webster as a total stranger
entering the Needles and coating hie yacht
up Southampton Water at the end of an ebb
tide, all on his own. Perhaps not all so very
surprising when we find that he bears the
medals for the Sudan and African cam-
paigns and the Royal Humane Society's
silver and bronze medals for saving life.”

Commodore E, J. Schroeder's power
boat Dixie is now in England to race for
the British international cup. Only British
boata have been entered to race agains
the Dixie, and the fact that none of the fast
rench boats are entered ca some
comment. The entries closed on July 1
and after that date the French asked per-
mission to enter. A cablegram wae sent to
the Motor Boat Club of America askin
that club's permission, but this was refused.
The London Yachtaman, commenting on
this, says:

“Our leading article in last week's issue
dealt somewhat crisply with the withdrawal
of the French boats from the international
cup contest at the eleventh hour. It had
the desired effect, for upon receiving a
copy of the Yachtsman M. Tellier cabled
Lieut. O. Sumner requesting hia services
with the M. Y¥. C. for their permission to
enter after July 1. Following an interview
between Mr. Armstrong, chairman of com-
mittees of the M. Y. C., and Lieut. Sumner,

  

t

— ASK FOR “S. & H.’” GREEN TRADING STAMPS—WE GIVE THEM

 
  

BALLOONS FOR WARFARE

HOW FAR CONQUEST OF THE AIR
HAS BEEN ACCOMPLISHED.
Essentials of an Airship for Military Use
—Dirigibie Balloons tn Germany and
Francve—Can Be Used for War Only on
Calm Days so Far—Matter of Descent.

In its entirety there is no subject more
fascinating than that of aerial navigation,

| and especially is this true of its military

| aspects.

 

Dreamers of world power to be
suddenly achieved invoke the aid of some
wondrous invention which gives its owners
the absolute dominion of the air and the
consequent supremacy on land and sea.
Here certainly is a splendid field for specu-
lative romance.

As long as the visionary nature of the
dream was frankly acknowledged, writes
J. H. Ledeboer in the London Daily Mail,
well and good. But quite recently it bas

| been gravely and repeatedly asserted by

|
|

|

|

|
|

responsible persons that this conquest
of the air is almost, if not entirely, a fait
accompli, that future wars will be fought
out in the air by fleets of flying machines
and squadrons of airships. Nations are
soberly said to be constructing these new
engines of war in all secrecy.

When we come to look closely into the
matter, however, we find’ that the only
existing facts in this direction are two
dirigible balloons—one in France, the other
in Germany. Both have had several trials;
both have been very fairly successful.
But before it is possible to estimate in how
far they are suitable instruments of war,
it is essential to lay down clearly the pur-
poses of military aeronautics, 80 often mis-
understood. These are: To direct the
artillery fire on the enemy's position; to
reconnoitre the enemy's lines and spy out
the disposition of his forces; to destroy his
troops, stores and fortifications by dropping
explosives; and, lastly, to transport troops
with speed and safety, possibly over ground
that could not be covered by any other
means.

For the first of these purposes a dirigible
balloon is scarcely so suitable as an ordi-
nary captive balloon, and certainly less so
than a man lifting kite. Its huge bulk
would offer far too obvious a target for the
enemy's guns.

For the other purposes, however, no more

a cable was sent to America asking if the | admirable instrument could well be devised
American club which entered Dixie would, {

under the circumstances, sanction the ad-
mission of the French post entries. As we

f° to press we are advised that the Amer-
can club protests, which, of course, pro-
hibits the French cracks. This is purely a

technical point, and we are indeed sur-
prised that those responsible for Dixie
should take advantage of it. Lord Howard
de Walden and ionel Rothschild, we
need scarcely say, would welcome any ©
rtunity of again tackling the redoubtable
anhard Tellier. The committee of the
M. Y. C. and Lieut. Sumner conjointly,
after much trouble, had made possible the
best race this country could witness, and
we regret that the American challengers
have placed technicalities before sport, to
our loss and_ their possible gain.”
The canoes of five countries will soon
begin racing in England for the challenge
cup. The Yachting World says:
he American challenger for the inter-
national trophy, Charles Burgess, has been
at Langston with his canoe for the last
week or #0 learning the tides. He paid a
visit to the R. C. C. clubhouse on his anival
and was warmly welcomed. His canoe
will be the most interesting of the foreign
challengers, as she is a radical departure
from the rest of the class, having consider-
able dead rise of floor, a gaff mainsail and
no roller reef gear to either mainsail or fore-
sail, although it is likely that the owner
will fit the combined roller foresail and spin-
naker usual in canoes over here. She is said
to bea 1 weather boat, but her sail area
is less than that of any of the English
canoes, with the exception of Genetta, and
her water line is very long.
“The other three challengers will probably
arrive at Lengsice during this week, an
of these the Italian boat and the Belgian
are sister boats to Mr. Hope's Kismet, but
with different weights of plate and sail area.
The French boat should be another inter-
esting craft, although she is somewhat like
the English mode! in hull and rig, but is re-
ported to be finer in the ends. The first
race of the meet will take place on Saturday
next, but it is merely a preliminary sweep-
stake, the serious racing commencing on
Monday with the first race for the Quincy
challenge cup. In thie race the R. ©. C.
canoes will meet some of the chal a)
many of them have entered for all races
open to them, #o that some idea of the rela-
tive merits of the different boats will be ob-
tained. Unfortunately the German boat
has turned out to be over the measurement
limits, and will, therefore, not compete,
although her owner will be present at the
meet. The Belgian and Italian challengers
will probably not be able to get to the meet
before the middle of next week, ao that the
challen ‘Cup races will be tee fire in which
three o @ foreign cam re meet
British boats,”

’

than a dirigible balloon, provided that is
fulfils certain conditions. The proviso,
however, is essential. Briefly, to be of any
use from a military point of view, an airship
must possess the following qualities:
high speed and large lifting power in order
to move against the wind and escape the
enemy's fire, either by moving rapidly at
a fairly low elevation or by temporarily
rising to a great height; extended radius
of action to enable it to return to ite base;
perfect stability during flight; dirigibility
against head winds and cross currents,
and absolute safety in ascending, and more
especially in landing, under adverse circum-
stances.

In how far now can La Patrie and Count
von Zeppelin’s balloon be said to possess
these essential qualities? To begin with,
the all important question of speed. From
the official reports relating to the perform-
ances, of both airships, to which the writer
has had personal access, it appears that La
Patrie has in favorable circumstances de-
veloped an independent velocity of twenty-
three miles and the Zeppelin a speed of
thirty miles an hour.

It is, of course, well known that the wind
often reaches this speed and as often sur-
passes it. If it is true, as shown recently
by a Belgian scientist, that the wind, even
at moderate altitudes, attains a greater
force than twenty miles an hour on an aver-
age during half the days in the year, it fol-
lows that the French dirigible would only
be serviceable during half the year, and
‘then onlv at moderate elevations, save on
exceptionally calm days, The German air-
ship, whose more rigid aluminum frame-
work—the French aerostat only pre-
serves its rigidity thrqugh the pressure of
the gas with which it is inflated—allows it to
move at a slightly higher speed, is so un-
wieldy that it cannot ascend during a
breeze of anything like this strength. If
it did succeed in rising in the air it would
certainly never be able to land again with-
out being totally destroyed, as happened in
January, 1906.

At the present day no higher speed could
be given to a dirigible with x
to the reatest d : “4 E = eens
a “critical” ° ‘ond w it cannot
go without losing its rigidity under the
pressure of the air and buckling up. Inthe
case of La Patrie this critical speed is twen-
ty-seven miles; with the Zeppelin it cannot

  

 

 

be far above thirty miles an hour. Unless,
therefore, it is mutually agreed by the con-
| tending forces in future wars to Jimit hos-

 

tilities to calm days there is every prospect |

that the airship will fail at the critical mo-
ment.

The ridiculous nature of the suggestion
that airships could possibly be used for
transporting troops will appear from the
fact that the Zeppelin, with all its 400,000
cubic feet capacity and its 170 horse-power
motive force, has a lifting power of only two
tons. Its normal crew consists of ten men,
thus leaving rather more than a ton for
explosives, petrol, ballast, &c., ao that it
would be impossible for it to carry even
half a dozen other men.

The pogsent day airship has to carry so
much ballast, or dead weight, that very

little useful weight, such as explosives,

bombs, men, &c., can be carried. Then,
again, it cannot rise to any great height.

The former Lebaudy veasel in 1905 on one

occasion rose to a height of 4,500 feet, which

necessitated the expenditure of 750 pounds
of ballast out of the ton taken; and even
then it only remained in the air just over an

hour. Yet the ability to rise quickly to a

great height is absolutely essential to an

airship under fire. —
From the same cause proceeds the ex-
tremely small radius of action of an airship,
' which rigorously limits its practical utility.

The life of an airship is absolutely depen-

dent on the ballast. “The pelin on one
occasion travelled seventy-five miles in

two and a quarter hours, returning to ita
Starting point; the Lebaudy vessel has
traversed just over seventy miles in over
| three hours. But all these trials have taken

 

place under distinctly favorable ciroum-
stances.
| Lastly we come to the greatest obstacle
of all that has up to now prevented the air-
~ from becoming a thing of practical
utility—the difficulty of effecting a safe
landing. Here the French vessel is im-
mensely superior, yet in a stiff breeze it
could not land without external aid. The
Zeppelin cannot land on solid ground at
all; at the end of its flight it descends on
the water. On the only occasion on which
it came to rest on the earth it was totally
destroyed. Furt , the balloon must
be housed in an appropriate shelter and
constantly requires ng with gas, which
necessitates a cumbrous train of wagons.
These difficulties point only too clearly to
. single onan ce—ae Slee could at
the presen * possibly accompany an
ver in the field. When working from a
fixed base, such as a perinanent fortress, it
may be useful for reconnoitring purposes
within a strictly limited radius.
It may be objected that these conclusions
are at variance with the recent establish-
ment in the German my, of a battalion
specially devoted to dirigible balloon work.
Such a battalion has in fact been organized
in connection with the established balloon
battalion. It consists of three officers, ten
non-commissioned officers and seventy-five
rank and file. The reason for its creation
is, however, not far to seek; it simply de-
notes that with their usual prudence the
military authorities have thought fit to
guard against a possible sensational de-
velopment in aerial navigation by creating
a body of men experienced in handling the
present material—inadequate thoug! it be -
who would be able should the necessity
arise to take full advantage of this ex-
perience in handling a perfected airship.

As has already been stated, an efficient
aerial yy" 8 an impossibility at the
present day; Zeppelin is impracticable

e
and Parseval and
r results, and are at best but inferior
mitations of La Patrie. The latter, al-
though the best airship yet constructed,
notably in dirigibility and stability, marka
‘ut a slight advance on La France, the air-
ship due to the creative genius of Col.
nard, which gave almost identical results
as long ago as 1884.

Gross airships have given

 

Queen Mary's House for Saic.

From the London Daily News.

From time to time most interesting historical
relios come before the public through the
medium of the auctioneer. The latest ex-
ample of this is Queen Mary’s house in Jed
burgh and some old tapestry which it has
eontained.
Jedburgh, according to Mr. James Tate,
had a strong castle at the highest part of
the town, and some of the mansions were in
the form of bastile houses, the defensive
character being :requisite as a protection
against English invaders. Of these houses
the most interesting specimen now remaining
is one in which Queen Mary lay sick for
some time after her ride of fifty miles over
moor and moss to visit Bothwell at Hermitage
Castle, where he had been wounded by the
nditti of Liddesdale. It is this house for
which offers are being invited.
The ped occupied by the Queen at the
ime of her illness is now at Abbotsford,
aving been presented to Sir Walter Scots.
he pestry which covered the walls of
the room is said to have been worked by the
Court ladies while they waited for the re-
covery of their Sovereign.

 

Sporteman’s African Home.

From the London Daily Graphic.

Lord Hindiip, who presides at a dinner
of the British East Africa Association to-night,
ia the first English peer who bas built himself
4 residence in the East African Protectorate.

sequired there a large sporting and
agricultural estate

quite modern inside, and
8-

Saindlip and'bis' wife ta geese
d there a grea

sport
we 6 of the year
bard Bindi las aire. cosets a ot
Seat SE er Coots Atay

.

     
 

‘A.

THE SUN, SUNDAY, AUGUST 4, 1907.

  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

  

 

Two Blocks on

Sixth Avenue

 

 

  

For Boys & Girls

Patent Colt
Dongola Kidskin
Russets and
Canvas,

$1.0

——— off

here

styles in the most wanted materials.

They unloaded

Women’s Kid and Patent Colt welt
turn and flexible sole Shoes —-$2.00, $3.00
and some $4.00 Shoes; Dalton, Jenness
Miller and other fine makes; A,B,C, D and
E widths; sizes 244 to 7; spe-

WAG. ...... cen, owe
Women’s Patent Golt Skin Welt Sole
Ties and Gibsons—Ribbon Laces, A to E
widths, 7% to 1 oc or tip;
2.50 and $3.00 Ties; .spec
ypperpepdemtreras

 

Misses’ Kid Skin and Colt | School

and $2.50 sorts, finest leather,
sizes 9 to 114 and 12 to 2, 3, C, | also some

D and E widths; $1.00 |

special at....... andE widt

White top fancy Shoes and Ties for girls.
| Street Slippers of fancy sorts. Everything
Footwear.

 

 

SLICING IN GOLF.

Some Causes of a Common Fault —How to
Avoid It.

The one fault in golf most in evidence
among the general run of players is slicing,
says Walter Travis in Country Life in
America. There is another more common
perhaps but not so noticeable, and that is
raising the head a fraction of a second
before striking—technically called taking
one’s eye off the pail.

Slicing, however, is different and springs
from a variety of causes, risiding b«@h in
the player and his clubs. For instance, a
wooden club with the lead improperly
set in—toward the toe—or at a wrong angle
with reference to the face—lying off—wil!
have a tendency to slice. So also will any
club with a whippy shaft or an iron club
with a very short socket, irrespective of
shaft.

Now for the faults which reside with
the player himself. Chief among these is
an improper grip. If the left hand be
turned over too much to the left a slice
will inevitably result, unless a corresponding
change be made with the right hand by
turning it over to the right.

The more the left hand is turned over
to the right the yo is the tendency
to pull, unless the t hand is at the

time correspondingly t over
to the left. There is a point where both
hands act in unison, and it should be the
aim of every player to find out his particular

nt.

Irrespective of the relative position of
the hands, balls may be sliced by gripping
firmly with the left and loosely with the
right, or tightly with the right and loosely

™ 2 mg ae f any question of grip
n, rom
nae of tall are sliced by being hit off
the heel of the club. This is generally,
thou not always, due to the pla
standing tco fer away, and the fault
from very circumstance, the or in
the effort to reach the ball properly falling
stand > mfortabl engin Ser and
standing a comfo ie
by keeping the weight of the body on the
heels during the whole course of the stroke,
Another very potent provocative of aiming
is an improper stance—standing a:
too much toward the hole. This jou-
lar sort of fault only fattens with what
it feeds upon. How often may you eee
the owner of a pronounced elice make
allowance for the slice he feels will as-
suredly come off in the mistaken idea that
he is doing something to correct it.
What does he do? He aggravates the
trouble eZ facing even more toward
hole. This simply causes the club to cut
more than ever across the ball.
The true remedy is to reverse the pro-
cedure and turn back more toward
the a a my the exact ite of what
he thinks ought to do. At first he will
be inclined to scoff

5

a
zB
>
3
5
3
i

 

 

Makers and jobbers who were disappOinted with the season's business
eir surplus stocks to us at tremendous price sacrifices,
snappy, well-made Shoes such as the worneh of New York have never r

Here Are Full Particulars of the Various Styles and Leathers:

Skin Welt Oxford Ties--$2.00 | and young women, school
$2.00 and $2.50 Shoes and Ties,

ples, sizes 244to6,C,D

In Addition to the Above There Are |

Women’s Gymnasium and Outing Shoes. of pure kid skin. | Of course there will be crowds here to-morrow, and to insure

navy and white and black and white. On account of the limited quantit
price beyond Tuesday. Choice at, per yard........°. :

 

 

forty Years.

 

| IN ADAMS BUILDING ONLY a
een ceeaneNESEE SNARES

To-Morrow (Monday) We Will Commence the

di Paeabad ee

7
~
¢
r

ee)

25;000 Pairs of Shoes for Women,
Boys and Girls, values $1.50, $2.00,
$2.50, $3.00, $3.50 and $4.00 a pair.

|
In the lot for women. are included about 3,500 |
pairs of finest Sample Shoes and Ties, as well as |
the best known branded $3.00 and $3.50 Shoes. |
We have organized many a great sale of Shoes
at $1.00 a pair in years gone by, but never before
have we collected such a splendid lot as we have |
|

now to sell at that price.

of our own or any other house,

Women’s Louis XV. Kid Covered Heel
Dress Ties—Light turn soles, Patent Colt
leather uppers; B, C, D and E widths; sizes
2to 7; three distinct sorts; $3.00

and $3.50 Shoes; special at... . $ Be 00

Women’s gray, mode and white linen
$2.50 and $3.00 Gibson Ties--some em-
broidered fronts; B,C,D and E
widths; sizes 2 to 6; special at $ i .00

heel,

| School Shoes-—sizes 9
12to 2; value $1.50,

hs; specialat $ 4 .00 $2.00, $2.50; special at

$3.00 and $3.50 sam-

A

ONeill-Adams G

SN

 

The —* in-
volved, the fine values offered an

varieties 1 select from far surpass all se
n ’

you will have to see the Shoes to fully appreciate what you can buy to-morrow for $1.00

the many

  
 
 

 

   
  
 
 
  
  
   
   
 
    
      
   
   
  

 

20th, 2ist& =|
22d Streets

 

      

  

a

 

Patent Colt, Vici Kid,
White and Colored
Canvas, Russet, Demi
Glace Leather.

$1.00

a pair—all the popular

have contributed to this great event,
and the result is @ offering of bright,
ead of before.

Women’s Turnand Light Sole Kid Skin
and Patent Colt Ties and Pumps~ also Gib-
sons, sizes 244 to 7,A to E widths, ten
styles; $2.00 and $3.00 Ties;
special at .

$1.00.

Women's Patent Colt and Fancy Strap |
Dress Slippers — $2.00 to $3.50 values;

all sizes; some colored satin
Slippers; special at

$1.00.

Shoes—For big giris | For Girls and Misses— | Boys’ Satin Calf, Box
Kid and Colt Shoes, Welts and
| urns; also heavy extension sole | sizes9 to 11 and 12 to 2, also |

Calf and Blucher Shoes

to 11 and} 3 to 5%; value $1.50, $2.00

$5.00 | 20°75" 8" $1.00
“Positively No C. O. D. Orders. |

Women’s House and | proper fitting and prompt attention we have deyoted extra space

you need in Summer | on the third

IN ADAMS BUILDING ONLY |————————

| 27-Inch Plain Colored Sil
27-Inch “Coin Spot” Figured Voiles, | 4 yard

|
This purchase represents “‘an end of the season clean-up” of upwards of 6,000 yards of Summer Washable Silk | |
Fabrics, They have heretofore been sold at not less than 50c. yard. The quality is ideal for light Summer, | |
evening and party dresses; of a very fine, close weave, exceptionally bright and silky and guaranteed washable.

k Voiles,

floor and have provided plenty of additional sales-
| people to wait on you.

 

 

| 28¢c |

Full three-quarters of a'yard wide. Every desirable light and dark shade is included in the plain colors, with
abundance of white, navy, brown and black. The “coin spots” are on light and dark: grounds, with
y we cannot guarantee this 28 Cc

One Yard Wide All Silk Pongee—In a very bright, fine ‘dress quality; colors of tan, cham- |
pagne, navy and black. Regular price 89c. Monday, at

 

TURKEYS IN TOBACCO FIELD.

How They Helped Growers of the Weed
in Kentucky.
From the Si. Louisa Globe-Democrat.

“I saw a sight out in the country the other
day,” said an old Kentuckian now visiting
tm St. Louis, “that recalled a good many
memories of the tobacco fields of my native
State. °

“You know wherever tobacco is grown
tobacco worms appear as though by magic.
If let alone they speedily destroy the entire
crop, 60 a largo share of the attention re-
quired by a tobacco field consisted in getting
rid of the worms. During slavery days every
tobacco plantation had a swarm of little
darkies whose duty it was to parade along
the rows of plants every day and pick off the
worms. Sometimes the pickers were pro-
vided with little tin buckets, old oyster cans
or things like that into which they would put
their worms, and the one wh can was
fullest at the end of the day's work was ro-
warded with a small gratuity.

“After the war, however, colored boys
and girls preferred going to school to picking
tobacco worms, so it was hard to find pickers,

“Then some one discovered that turkeys
would do the work, and every tobacco grower
raised each season a big flock of turkeys and
turned them loose in his fields to catch the
worms, They soon learned what they were
there fur and that the best part of their daily
provender was to be found on the leaves
rather than on the ground, They would exam-
ine every leaf and not a worm escaped them.

“The St. Louis county tarmer had a patch
of tobacco, for his own use, I suppose, and
he also knew the trick of keeping the plants
clean, for there was a squad of half grown
turkeys, with’ an old gobbler and three or
four hens leading the procession, marching
up and down the rows, turning their heads
first to one side, then to the other, and jump-
ing up with a kick and a flutter after a worm
that was too high to be reached from the

ground,

“I don’t know how they manage the worms
in Kentucky now, for it has been years since
I have been there. Perhaps they spray the
plants with insecticides, but I shall never
forget the diligence displayed by the young
turkeys when they were first introduced into
a tobacco field and discovered that worms
were good eating.”

PRISONERS’ STRANGE PETS.

Animals and Birds Tamed and Trained
by Convicts.
From Pearson's Weekly.

A curious and pathetic, albeit not so un-
common, feature of prison life was touched
wpon the other day when a man named Kel-
ley complained to a Magistrate that he had
been prevented by the warders from bring-
ing out of prison with him a rat that he had
tamed

Prisoners at all times have been in the
habit of making pets of the four footed
creatures that haunt their prisons. Big
Bull Johnson, in his day 4 notorious south
London character, trained mice in Penton-
ville, and trained them so cleverly that on
bis release he was able to earn over £60 by
exhibiting them, sufficient to set him up in
business, .

Sparrows, blackbirds, spiders and even
fies have all been made pets of by convicts;
and not long ago « sad little story found its
way into tbe press of how a Portland “lifer”
named Persons was driven insane
the confiscation of a field mouse he had caught
and tamed. ;

Wainwright, the Whitechapel murderer,
made friends with the prison cat and .inter-
rupted the chaplain’s exhortations at the
foot of the gallows to inquire concerning ita
welfare, Prichard, the double dyed poisoner,

  

     
 

   

69

    

   

 

kept 4 guinea pig with him in Glasgow ja)
-and shed bitter tears at parting with it.

Few criminals, however, have possessed
such power over animals as did the Spantari!
Guevarra, who was executed some years
back in Newgate for the brutal murder 0!
a woman on Hampstead Heath. He caught
and tamed two rats so that they would come
at his call and follow him about anywhere
The prison mice, too, would come running
out of their holes at the sound of his voice
And even the sparrows, attracted apparentiy

, P
by the etr rsonality of the man, fie
in flocks to Ms ceil win ow. -

 

 

Soothed by gentle anoint-
ings with Cuticura Oint-
ment, the Great Skin Cure,
preceded by warmbathswith

sire

For eczemas, rashes; itch-
ings, irritations, inflamma-
tions, chafings, sunburn, red,
rough, and sore hands, for
lameness and soreness inci-
dental to outdoor sports,
and for all the pu of
the toilet, bath, and nursery,
Cuticura Soap and Cuticura
Ointment are pezzerees.
Guaranteed absolutely pure.

, 87

in Pe

   
     

 

—— ee SSESSeEeEeFeEeEeFESeEeEeEeFeseSesSsSsSeSeesS