THIRD SECTION.

 

 

 

 

 

 

HE REASONABLE to hiaself if they was reely hell tom on
| throwin’ the money away he moug)it as
IN DRAW POKER. | well get some of it for his own self,
“First thing he done was to get a couple o’
| short card players f'm Memphis up to his
Old Man Greenhut Discusses Race | house fora visit an’ put ‘em wise to his little

  

| plan. Then he told Sim an’ Jim, on'y
Suicide and Hears About separate o' course, aa how he had some

friends on a visit an’ he felt like havin’ a

the Bamberg Brothers.
|

a |

“What Arkansas City ‘pears to need
more’n anything else is a rattling good case |
o’ race suicide.” said old man Greenhut |
as he and his cronies sat outdoors one |
day around the front door of his saloon. |

For an interval the party continued to
eat their tobacco in silence, waiting for |
euch further remarke as the speaker might |
see fit to offer. As he continued smoking |
peacefully as one who has freed his mind
Joe Bassett asked a question.

“Touchin’ this here race suicide,” he said, |
“what sort of a fish is it? I haint heer'd |
o’ none on em’ bein’ catched in these here
waters. Do they roost high night times, |
or kin you ride 'em bareback? Be they
good to eat, or on’y fit f’r paintin’ wagorfs?

Old man Greenhut looked at him with
some surprise and much dignity.

“Yore ignorance, Joe,” he said, severely,
“sure is amazin’. Race suicide ain't no
different f’'m any other suicide, on'y you
run a race for it, some like a donkey race
to a county fair. The one ‘t comes in last
wine the prize.

“The last one I seen was managed fine.
There was three ondesirable citizens in
Greenville what had been told so many
times for to go jump intheriver 't they got
sort of in the notion of it, on’y they wouldn't
none on em go first.

“I reasoned with 'em all, but "twan’t no
use, an’ finally the citizens got together
an’ ‘greed fer to have a race suicide. When
the three on ‘em was notified they kicked
some, but they was give consid’able red
liquor an’ was made to see 't was f’r the good
o’ the community, an’ after they'd had
more liquor they started

“They had a hundred yard run to the
edge o’ the levee an’ the last one over was
to have another bottle o’ whiskey afore
jumpin’ in. There was some cur’osity
about what'd happen, bein’ as we knowed
they'd all want to be last.
>» “They started off fine an’ the hull town
was there to see they run fair. None on
‘em ‘peared to be desprit hurried about
gettin’ there first, but they got to the edge
o’ the water in tolable good time, all to-
gether. Then they looked at each other
an’ all ofa sudden Sol Harpiton and Pete |
Kinkead pushed Billy Mush overboard
an’ then tackled each other.

*They had a fine wrestlin’ match f’r
about ten minutes an’ there was consid'able
bettin’ done by them 't was lookin’ on, but
Pete Kinkead finally throwed Sol in the
river an’ we give him the extry bottle.
By the time he'd finished that he said he
reckoned he'd ruther drown nor to drink
any more o' that, an’ over he went. ‘Pears
like some o’ th’ surplus poppylaton o’
this here c’munity mought be utilized that-
away thouten any danger to the town.”

*Oh, I don’t know,” said Owen Pepper
coming around the corner with consider-
eble more briskness than seemed fitting
on so hot a day. “I don’t know. What
was you talking about? Come on and have
a drink, boys,” he continued in the same
breath, without apparently caring whether
he was answered or not.

His invitation to drink, however, was held
to have the parliamentary potency of a
motion to adjourn, and old man Greenhut
led the way to the bar. When the cere-
monies were concluded Mr. Pepper said
agein: “What was you talking about?” and
old man Greenhut explained.

“Looks like it 'd be a excellent thing f'r
Arkansas City,” he said, “to have some o'
them race suicides right here. We c'd
ge: shut o’ some monstrous ondesirable
citizens an’ pervide innocent entertainment
{'r the public to the same time.”

“Oh, I didn't know,” said Mr. Owen Pep-
per. “What's the matter with draw poker?”

“There afn’t nothin’ the matter with draw
poker,” responded the old man, with quick
indignation. “But what's that got to do
sith race suicide? Draw poker don’t get
rid o' nobody.

“Tr's more like a fertilizer. Makes a good
man better an’ a ondesirable citizen wugs, |
‘count o' goin’ broke, same as a fertilizer |
makes the crops an’ the weeds both grow.
Have to do your weedin’ just the same.” |

“Oh, I don't know,” said Mr. Pepper.
“Draw poker’ll do that, sometimes. I
knowed a fam'ly o' Bambergs over in
Tennessee, nigh where I was raised. Rich. |
Had a thousand niggers afore the war.

*Bein’ as they w'an’t none on ‘em gre't
@pendersa they was considerable loose change |
in the house when the niggers was freed, an’ |
when th’ old man come to die, twenty year
ago, he left nigh about quarter of a million,
an’ a wil). |

“This here will was some p'cooliar. |

 

 

 

Th’ old man app’inted one o’ his cronies,
name o’ Totmugger, trustee o’ th’ whole |
shootin’ match, an’ he was to hold it till |
one o' the two sons died an’ then give all |
‘'t was left. to the one ’t didn’t die. But up |
to that he was to give either one on ‘em |
any money that "peared to be reasonable.

“Sim an’ Jim Bamberg was the two sons,
an’ they was all "t was left o' the family.
Pears they hated each other right bitter, |
an' they went to fightin’ in the courts right
away.

“Both on ’em claimed 't ‘tother one had
ought for to been disinherited, but they
both lost, an’ then, hatin’ each other like |
they did, they set to work to get away with |
the hull estate, so’ 't there wouldn’: be
nothin’ left when either one on’ em died. |

“'Peared neither one on ‘em stopped to
think 't he mought be left hisself if his |
brother died first, but they was both hell |
bent on spendin’ all the money so ‘s 'twhen |
he died 'toher one wouldn't get nothin’. |

“Well, Sim 'd go to old man Totmugger
an’ brace him f'r money, an’ get it. He |
wouldn't al'ays get all he went after, but
old Totmugger was tol’able liberal, an’
bein’ as the will p'vided f'r anything 't |
‘peared to be reasonable, he'd mostly give |
Sim what he as't for. |

“Then Jim would go f'r his haul, an’ get |
al! he could, an’ next day Sim 'd go back,
an’ so on. Things was some lively.

“Bimeby old Totmugger begin to think
the boy was onreasonable, an’ they both
on 'em come to me to know what excuse |
they o’d put up for to get more money.
On'y, 0’ oo’se, they come separet. They
wouldn't never go nowhere together.

“Well, I told ’em to tell Totmugger they'd
lost the money at poker an’ had to pay it
cuick. If anythin’ on earth is reasonable
over in Tennessee it’s payin’ a poker debt.

“That worked fine f’r a spell, an’ it begin
to look like there wouldn't be nothin’ left
o’ th’ Bamberg estate, when old Totmugger

had a bright idea. ‘Pears he seen through
what the boys was tevin’ fo dhe pies in save
” sy

nw

a ee.
a8} ,

argo | dunt 7

 

have a little five handed draw.’

|

little fun hissel? while they wasthere. ‘So,’
he says to Sim, an’ then to Jim, ‘you cn
bring a friend along with you an’ we'll

“Well Sim an’ Jim was agreeable, #0 they |
ast me—Sim did an’ Jim did, to go with ‘ein |

—I mean with him, an’ play.
with both on ‘em.

NEW

An’ 1 went |

1
“Say, you never seen anything more

harmonious like ‘n them poker games
as. I wa'n't lookin’ for to make no ever-

lastin’ fortune outen the game f'r I sus- |
picioned what the old man was up to an’)

I didn't reckon he'd let a heap get by him,
but I did manage to pick up enough to keep
me outen the poorhouse f’r a spell, an’
there wa'nt nobody then "peared to be-

| grudge me what I got ‘thouten ‘twas Lip-
But |

ton an’ Drake, the two p'fessionals
when I seen they was gettin’ some grouchy
I let 'em know, on the quiet, t I knew some-
pin’ about dealin’ my own self an’ they
cooled off.

“Well, old Totmugger, he didn't make no
p’tentions to bein’ a player an’ Sim an’ Jim
was tryin’ to get through with that Bamberg
money an’ Lipton an’ Drake was helpin’
‘em best they knowed. It were as happy
an’ pleasant as a prayer meetin’. Fur as I
was concerned there want’ no kick comin’.”

Owen Pepper paused at this point
and busied himself lighting a fresh cigar.
He was so long about this that his listeners,
who were greatly interested, became im-
patient, old man Greenhut especially so.
He fidgetted some and at length said:

“Don't you reckon we c'd maybe get these
here gazaboes over to Arkansas City for to
finish up that there game? We uns o'd
give ‘em a good run f'r their money, an’
*pears like it’s plumb sinful for to let two
such tinhorns as them get away with real
money.”

“There ain't goin’ to be no finish to that
there game, Greenhut,” said Mr. Pepper,
“the same bein’ by reason of it's bein’ done
finished at the time I was tellin’ about.

“First night Sim he played enthusiastic.
'Twa'n’t long afore he found a excellent
way to drop money.

“He'd wait till he got a hand with nothin’
in it an’ he'd bet big. Then if anybody
raised him he'd just call. It worked fine,
an’ he dropped about four thousand that
night.

“Next night Jim an’ me come round an’
the old man told him about Sim droppin’
four thousaad. Then Jim he frothed at
the mouth an’ gibbered an’ squeaked f'r a
whole minute afore he o'd speak plain, he
were that mad.

“‘Blowin’ in my money, is he?’ he sput-
tered when he found his tongue. ‘I'll teach
the mis’able loafer. Just wait till I git a
chanst o’ bettin’ some o’ bisn.’

“An’ that po’, misguided victim of on-
reasonable brotherly defection jumped into
that game o’ poker so vehement like, 't we
was playin’ $10 ante, an’ bettin’ a hundred
at a clip, afore we knowed where we was.

“Jim's play was different fr'm Sim's.
*Peared like he wa'n't satisfied with just
gettin’ a raise or two when he didn't have
nothin’, an’ then layin’ down. What he
played for was to lose as much as he could
every throw, an’ he'd raise an’ raise till the
other feller’d have to call, an’ so get as fur
in as he could.

“Consequence was 't he lose consid’able
more at a clip ’n Sim had, but he win con-
sid’able, too. You see, we wa'n't exactly
broke to his style o’ play, an’ it were some
disconcertin’ for to open a pot f'r fifty, say,
an’ haveanother feller raise it 500. You'd be
liable for to lay down rather'n to risk 500
more, even if you knowed in a general way
what his intentions was.

“That away it come about 't Jim took
consid’able many good pots, but he played
so well 't he managed to drop 42,000 afore
old Totmugger got tired out an’ stopped
the game. He wouldn't let it go on 'thouten
him being in it to watch, same as if he was
runnin’ a kitty.

“Sy, I never seen anythin’ in my life
was more inspirin’ nor Sim's behavior
when he heer’d what'd happened next day.
When he finished chokin’ he says: ‘Blowed
forty-two thousand o’' my money, hey?
Well, there ain't nothin mo’ comin’ to him
a'ter to-night. You'll see.’

“Accordin’ when we begin playin’ that
night, me bein’ the first dealer an’ Sim
havin’ the age, he throws in fifty, sayin’
‘Calls a hundred.’ I says to myself 't here

| was a good place f’r me to get off, but there's

others to hear from first, so I looks on,
“Drake stays and Totmugger drops.

Then Lipton raises it five hundred, an’ I

throws down my cards, havin’ on’y a pair

| o' sevens. That brings it back to Sim, an’

he never looks at his hand, but he says,
very cool, ‘I raise you a hundred thousand.’

“Then old man Totmugger says, ‘You
ain’t got no such money left, Sim, an’ more'n
that, 'tain’t reasonable. You know the will
says you an’ Jim ain't to have on'y what's
reasonable.’

“ ‘Well. how much is there left?’ says Sim,
an’ the old man says there's a balance of
eighty-four thousand. ‘I reckon that's

 

A Club Cocktail

1S A BOTTLED DELIGAT

~

   

Say

HOUSANDS have discarded the idea
of making their own cocktails,-—all

choicest old liquors and mellowed with age
make them the pertect cocktails that they ars.
Seven kinds, most popular of which are Mar-
tini (Gin base), Manhattan (Whiskey base),

The following label appears on every

bottle :
Cuaranteéd under the National

@ Drugs Act.
a —, doth, ‘ Seorlni

1707.
. F. ATU BLEIN & BRO., Sole Props.
died New York” London

mere « fs

SUR ih Py ae I iy
TA Peake aay RN

ee
a SS A cS

 

 

"will after giving the CLUB COCKTAILS |
: g tair trial. Scientifically blended ‘rom the

 

  

 

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS.

Om I

ru

ee

 

win instant favor with all.

APPEAR FZ r
Ee oe” Me Poe

MIU Site So
f Cages [ea
; Caer 1 R

+ yy a % LSM
ASS
1 Lys:

LLL) 5

This $65 Chilfonier
For One Week

Rousing Reductions

    

aint it?’ an’

reasonable, old Totmugger
"lows it is.

“So Drake he drops an’ Lipton says, ‘I
ain't got that much, but- —’ An’ Sim saya,
‘I'll lend it to you.’

“But they decides 't he can't do that
bein’ as he's allin. So he gets impatient,
an’ says, ‘I'll take your I. O. U.' So then
Lipton calls an’ I get ready for to serve the
draw.

“Sim says, ‘I'll paly these,’ but he hasn't
looked at his cards. Lipton ain't takin’
no chances, though, an’ he draws two to
hie three eights an’ don't better. Sim
ain't got nothin’ but queen high, an’ if
ever you seen a man happy he was that
man. °

“There was a holy ca'm on his face as
he says to old Totmugger, ‘There ain’t
nothin’ comin’ to that lowdown brother
o’ mine when I die, is there?’

“An’ the old man says there sure ain't,
So Sim says, ‘Then I reckon I'!l make sure
of it now.’ An’ afore he knowed what he
was up to, he swallered somepin’ outen a
little white paper, an’ two minutes after
he was stone dead.”

This startling finish to Mr. Pepper's story
took his hearers considerably aback, but
old man Greenhut soon reco vered himself
Drawing a long breath he said: -

“Proves what I've always said. Draw
poker's the chosen instrument for to work
out the myster’ous ways o' Providence.
"Twa'n't fittin’ for them two fools to have
money, an’ the money went, accordin’ to
them that knowed the game. You was
sayin’ you got some on it, Mr. Pepper?”

And Mr. Pepper admitted that he did.

“Well,” said old man Greenhut, “there
8 a gam? on in the back room.”

TROLLEY WAR AT BAR HARBOR,

 

Cottagers Threaten to Move if an Electric
Road Is Built.

Bar Harsor, Me., Aug. 3.—A split in
Bar Harbor's summer colony is threatened
on account of the proposed construction of
an electric car line. A company to build
the road was formed last winter by John
8. Bonnedy of New York, Clement B.
Newbold of Philadelphia, George B. Dorr
and Dr. Robert Amory of Boston. The
road is all laid out and the company is
ready for the actual construction work,

The summer colony as a whole demanded
that there should be aa little interference
as possible with pleasure driving, and the
line is laid out 80 as not to run in the roads
but rather through wild land. To accom-
plish this, on coming into town, it was
necessary for the line to cross the Kebo
Valley Club golf links and several private
estates, including those of A. Howard
Hinkle, John W. Auchincloss and Hugh
D. McMillan.

Accordingly some of the cottagers have
developed opposition to the road. This
week a remonstrance headed by Arthur
D, Addison of Washington has been going
the rounds for signatures. It protests
against the building of the road. The
remonstrants declare that they consider
an electric railway detrimental to the best
interests of the resort and some threaten
to sell their estates and move if such a

road is built.

The of the line declare that
they will go ahead with their plans. The
summer colony is now being arrayed upon |
either one side or the other, _ i

ote - ‘

YORK, SUNDAY, AUGUST 4

BROOKLYN

RNITU
Y OMPANY®

Superb Mahogany
Chiffoniers « Dressers

HIS large handsome and stately set (like cuts below) is one of
our greatest summer opportunities, and we take pride in placing
it on sale at such an extremely low price.

made of the best selected mahogany with swell shaped front, hand
carved claw feet and large swinging plate mirrors.
.struction, finish and every particular this is an ideal suit and will

Great Bargains are also offered this week in many stvles of
oak and mahogany Chiffoniers and Dressers.

       

 

$4.(-0°

Carpets—Crockery—Houseturnishings

Low Prices---Long Credit
553-571 Fulton Street, Brooklyn

Store Closes at 5 P. M. Daily and | P. M. Saturdays’ in July and Augus,

 
 

 

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS.

RARAPAARAAAAAALAAALAALA ARAL LIEALRLAAASEAELEL LAL ED DD

   

 
   
     
    

It is a grand set—

 
   
 

In design, con-

 
       
   
    
    
  
  
  

    
    
   
 

 

Fe

———

a

 

    
    
  

neo i er ART
hee) 2, sn: a Pa

Me LC re

Reo

PENNS eg ASSEN

MAN J0447 Fe

    
    

     
   

  

This $85 Dresser
For One Week

    

$5()-9°

in All Departments

   
 

Fallt Mair, Itching Scal

Dandruff Cured. Saataigarion
air

Dr. JOHN AUGUST, Rejuvenator

All first-class Druggists.

Guaranteed under the Food &

Act June 30, 1906, serial 4050.

Drurt

SHORTSTOP FOR MAIL BAGS.

if You Can Invent a Good One Uncle Sam
Will Pay You Well.

The Government wants a device for
delivering mail bags from swift trains
without injury to the mail. “A big fortune
awaits the inventor of such a scheme,”
says the Second Assistant Posmaster-
General.

A substitute for twine in wrapping the
mail will also enrich the one who is in-
genious enough to devise such a thing,
says Harper's Weekly.

Men with brains have been experi-
menting for years to solve the problem of
how mail bags shall be received from
trains running at sixty miles an hour.
Every day thousands of mail sacks are
thrown from such trains onto the platforms
of stations where it is impossible to make
stops.

The mail bage are not _ infrequently
forced under the wheels of the fast flying
train by suction or the wind, ground to

jiecee, and the mail that is not entire

stroyed scattered broadcast. At the
best the mai! bags get the roughest kind of
handling and much of the mail becomes
damaged.

The Government has been for years
hunting in vain for a practical device for
catching these flying mail bags. A simple
hook device has for many years been in
use whereby the mail bags are taken aboard
a fast train without injury.

A scheme just the reverse has been ex-
perimented with for delivering them, but
unsuccessfully, the momentum gained in
discharging a 200 pound bag being too

reat to be withstood by a device of this
find. So the Government is willing to
pay a big price for the use of a patent which
solves this problem.

The Post Office authorities are also look-
ing out for a good substitute for jute twine.
In every post office in the country letters
are wrap) up and tied with twine on
being made ready for delivery. The Gov-
ernment has to pay out hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars a year for this cord.

All kinds of substitutes have been of-
fered, but none have proved entirely satis-
factory. A great many inventors have
made devices for bundling up the letters,
but they have all failed before the test of
quickly uatying them. .

A good fastener which can be disposed
of instantly, and at a cost lesa than twine,
will be worth a million to the inventor.
Whatever this device may be, it will have
to be of stuff that can be severed as quickly
as a snap of the scissors on twine, for time
in the handling of mail counts.

 

 

 

Too Many Qual! in Colorado.
From the Rico News.

Their fields so overrun with quail that
their grain crops are being ruined, the farmers
of Montrose county have appealed to State
Game Commissioner Farr to declare an open
season on the birds.

A few years ago a shooting club imported
a large number of California quell into Mont-
rose county and these birds have increased
80 rap’ 7 they are now said to ue 8
menace the ranchmen. Thousands
quail settle on 4 promising fleld of grain at
one time and in 4 few hours it is completely
stripped and valueless,

    

 
          

 

1907.— ‘opuright, 19 7, by The Sun Printing and Publiening Association,

  
   
   
 
    
 
    
    
     
    
   
 
 
 
   
    
      
      

 

  

SSeS

 
   
   
 
   
    
  
 

|

 

{Brass Beds and Bedding

  

   

 

 

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS.

PPA ALL LLL LL OL LLP APR

PVC

BROOKLYN.

———————

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS

‘e]
were verve verre wr we

US.

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS,

a

mad.

     

       
 

ROL tl HAs ae }

Store Opens at 8:30 A. M. and Closes at 5 P.M. Dally. Saturday Closes at Noon, | BROOKLYN,

a a
— Se

A Great Sale of China

At Half Price and Less.

OUR BUSINESS has run ahead of the space allotted to China. In a few months that space will, we
believe, be commensurate with that business. The China Store will be three times its present size. What
is true of China may be said of Cut Glass and Pottery, Bric-a-Brac, ete.

$.000 Imported 20c. to 50c. China Plates, 10c. Each.

_ At 10c, each, not one in the lot worth leas than 200. each and meny were 50c. cach, ‘The lot consista of bread and butter
sizes, fruit sizes, tea sizes, dessert sizes, breakfast izes, etc., richly decorated in a wide variety of colors, including the Drenden
decorations and lace gold, painted rose on white body and heavy gold edge, painted rose on olive green ahaded body and stippled
gold border, festoons of roses and gold trimming, green wreath with lace gold over the shoulder, garland of roses and gold berder,
and many other beautiful effects. Quantity limited to two dozen of any one style to a customer; po mail or telephone orders

filled. None C. O. D.
At Se., ISc. and 25c., Plates.

This collection includes Bread and Butter Plates, Tea Plates, Brenkfasi Plates, Soup Platce, ete, rickly dy corated in shaded
colors of green and eo with painted roses, maroon band with lace gold trimining, floral wreath with gold edge; others in sotid
colored borders, with rich lace gold trimming and painted centers; not a Plate in this lot wort!) leas than Se. each, ead many were

$7.00 a dozen
4,000 Pieces of Imported Table China,
At 14 and Bven Less Than Half Regular Prices.
These goods are all Ligh grade decorations, incteding ayese band and filigree gold, ivory aud maroon wiih tecdatiion floral

effects and » gold: others in a light green, beautifully shaded to a pinkish tin, with delicate roses painted over the color, of hers
in a blue band with Dresden flowers and gold border and gold rosette centers, etc

At 83.39, were 88.50. Ice Cream Sets, 13 pieces. |At BSc., were 35e, Covered Hair Receivers
At 10c., were 40c. Fruit Saucers. |} At 49c., were 82.10. Brosh and Comb Trays
At 29c., were 60c, Tea Cups and Saucers. es aaa one
At 25c., were 50c. After Dinner Cups and Saucers.

| At 19¢., were 40c,
At 2hic., were 50c. Sugar Bowls. At B0c., were O0c,
At 25c., were 50c. Cream Pitchers.

Breakfast Coffee Cups and Saucers
Bouillon Cups and Saucers
Chocolate Cups and Saucers.

Breakfast Coffee Cups and Saucers
|At 45c., were Oe.

Mustache Coffee Cups and Saucers
In a few of these items the quantity is limited, and an early selection is advised.
PS ee SS

  

 

oe

in Great Furniture Sale.
Savings of I-5 to 1-2 From Regular Prices.

An array of brass and iron Beds unequalled anywhere and certainly at prices unmatched. The fact
that all bedding is made in our own factory, under our personal supervision, and also that we do not make
over old bedding, enables us to state with pesitive surety that this Bedding is absolutely sanitary.

$24.00 Brass Bedsteads, $13.95.
Heavy neat designs, with two inch posts, made fin four
sizes. Either satin or polish finish.

 

$20.25 Hair Mattress, $15.75, |

A. & 8. special hair, specially mixed for us; we believe |
it more serviceable than South American hair; weight 45
pounds, full size. |

| $6.00 Mattress, $4.15.
African fibre, mixed hair top.
Brass Bedsteads.

At @13.95, regularly 624.00. Heavy twolnch At $4.95, regularly 86.50.
posts, all sizes, drawers, wood back,

 

 

~~ $8.25 Couch Bed, $4.95.
Steel frame Sliding Couch, with mattress and bolster
complete.

Hair Mattresses.

At 88.10, regularly 610.50. Mixed hair, full
size, 40 pounds, one or two parts.

 

~ Oak Chiffoniers,

 

Ys '°
vee verre

   
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
    
 
   
   
  
   
    
      

Golden oak, 5

—

seen cee

 
  
  

  

   
      
    

SOP eo 0.994 OGD! 6 OSE 21 OF SSSR Bee BE CHT EST

S At 621.50. regularly $30.00. Continuous At 810.75, regularly 814.00. Golden oak,
pends gogutacty, 020-90. esis 2 two Inch ponte Tul size. mirror top,

At@1 7.80, regularly 20,00. South American | At@22.50. rly 830.00. Heavy two inch At 11.95, regularly @35.00. Golden oak, >
black or gray balr, full size, 40 pounds, one or| Poste, with fancy splits, all sizes, mirror top. *)
two parts. : At @04.co. regalarty 050.00. Continuous two At 220.00. regularly $20.00, Gollen oak, *

rege . Spectally mized posts, full size. :

Atal or gras Nair fal vite, 4 pounds, one oF| At ®24.80, regularly $45.00. Fancy (wo Inch At 21.50, regularly ®27.75. Golden onk, if 2
two parts, posts, satin finish, all sizes, mirror top. $

een eres mee oeee nee mane:

  

 

Midsummer Sale of Furs :

It was Abraham & Straus that first conceived the idea of a Fur Sale in Summer and startled the com-
munity years ago by offering fur garments in July. The astonishment over the response was unprecedented
up to that time, even Christmas business being distanced for like period. To-day it is even more advan-
tageous to purchase, as the COLD STORAGE makes it ae to lay the furs aside until wanted with perfect
safety and at no expense, as WE WILL STORE THEM FOR YOU UNTIL THE FALL without charge.
If you have no charge account a deposit will secure the purchase and you will have no money tied up in the
meantime.

The reason we offer Furs in summer is that we desire to keep our expert furriers at work over the hot
season, and this is our method—fur dealers gladly acting with us in profit sacrificing. Every piece of fur
has been carefully examined and enters the sale only upon its individual merit. We are particularly careful
about quality and all the experience of our experts is at your disposal. —

Some of these Furs CANNOT BE DUPLICATED BY US at the price—none of them are likely ever to
be offered again so cheap, as wholesale prices are higher than ever. No safer investment could be made that

would pay you such an extraordinary profit.
Mink Coats. | Russian Pony Coats. |

At $360.00, worth $550.00. At 829.75. worth 847.50. |
Mink semt- fitted Coat, 23 inches long, perfectly French dyed Pony Skin Coats, 22 inches long
matched skins with animal scarf collar, inished | ye-rer model, military collar, braid trimined,

with heads and tails.
At 8425.00, worth 8650.00. At 869.50. worth 8968.50.
Mink Reefer Coat, of very dark skins, scarf! Prench dyed black Russian Pony Coat, 48 Inches
coliar and deep cuffs Onished with heads and | ime, large black lynx shawl collar, satin Hned,
metal buttons.

tails, 22 inches long: this Is a very handsome
At 652.50, worth 879.50.

model.
At $475.90, worth 8750.00
Mink Coat, made of beautiful dark natural) Natural Russian Pony Coats, in beautiful;
skins, 26 inches long, semi-fitted model, finished | matched skins, box coat mode}, 22 Inches long!
at bottom with talls, paws; brocaded satin lining.’ brocade ined, braid trimmed, ’

Mink Scarfs and Muffs.

At 68.95, worth $12.30.
Natural Mink Bow Knots,

At 619.75. worth $26.50.

 

 

with 1 head, 2 talls and 4 paws,
At 622.50, worth 629.75.

 

with | head, 2 tails and 4 paws,
At $26.50, worth #34.75.
Natural Mink Faney Animal Scarf, trim
with 3 heads, 4 talls and & paws,

 

 

    

Beautiful Lawn and: Batiste Robes. —
A Remarkable Gathering at Amazing Prices.

To attempt a description in cold type at long range is a task well-nigh impossible--we can simply quote what we consider
very, very conservative value, and then a glance at the selling price will ehow the remarkable savings to be made in every tnatance.
When you see the Robes the oering will appeal with ten times the force. Just a few random price items:

$5.50 Lawn Robes at %2.89. $9.00 to $12.00 Lawn Robes at 86.00.
$7.00 to $9.00 Lawn Robes at $5.00. $10.00 to $15.00 Lawn Robes at $7.50.
$11.00 to $16.50 Lawn Robes at $9.00.

 

Main floor, center, Central Bullding.
ae aanennneeneemnie

    

 

NO ORDERS sone Ue |

[Haeegese Agar | Extraordinary Bargain Sales for Tuesday | ronnie sssarve

UESDAY MORNING

15,000 Yards of Fine Printed Batistes

Clearance of Men’s Oxfords, $3 and $3.50 Shoes at $1.98.

FOR TUESD AY If you do not need them now, get them for the future, as chances like this
———------- do not come every day—a big prize for the men whose sizes are in the lot. IS YOUR
SIZE HERE? Patent colt skin, vici kid and gun metal calf. Not all sizes in any one style—but all sizes in

the lot.

A width; sizes 1 to 6, 3 to 6%, and 2 to 7.

B width; sizes 3 to 544, 2 to 6, 3 to 8!,, 3 to 9 and 2 to 10,

C width; sizes 3 to 5, 4to54, 4to6, 3t06'4,4 to 7, 8 to 7/4, 2
to 8, 2 to 9% and 2 to 10.

 

FOR THESE GOODS UN-

D width; sizes 12 to 5, 1 to 5%, 12 to 6, 2 to 64, § to 7, 14 to 7%,
11 tos and 2to 9
E with; sizes 4 to 5, 1 to5%, 12to6,5to 7,4 to 74 and 6 to 8,

Sensational Sale of Baby Dresses. |
$1.25 to $3.50 Dresses at 69c.

~~ ban iy THIS IS A WONDERFUL SALE even for
FOR TUESDAY the famous Abraham and Straus Baby Store.
It is a maker’s sample line of fine lawn Dresses, well made and
handsomely trimmed—some with embroidery and lace trimmed
skirta—long waisted princess effects, guimpes and high neck—
for children 6 months to 5 years. Some are slightly mussed,
but all are marvelous value. Store orders only.

And a Sample Line of
Fine pique and lingerie Carriage Covers, quite elaborately
trimmed with embroidery insertions, embroidered ruffles;
some allover embroidery; that have sold at $1.00 to $3.50;

to-morrow at 60c., O8c., 91.31 and 81.08
Second floor, front, East Bullding.

Clearance Prices on Handkerchiefs.

iB Tribanay Men's all linen t. handkerchiefs, slight
FOR TUESDAY imperfections, 1c, instead of 370.

Women’s sheer, fine hem- | Women’s tan and brown Hand-

stitched Handkerchiefs, | kerchiefs, with wreath and

: Stee mnatens & Be. Slight — equarcidenes, a white,

' ; Main ae “rear Central Build ing.

Another lot of Buchan’s Toilet Soap, guest
room size, highly scented and usually sold
for 5c. a cake, now 6 cakes for 9c. Store orders only and only
a limited quantity to each customer.

Main floor, front, Central Bullding.

FOR TUESDAY

 

‘aaan Guerteneemre a @ Suit Cases of fine Japanese bulrush—quite

FOR TUESDAY as strong and sturdy as the leather cases,
with the decided advantage of lightness of weight. Just right
for hot weather travel, when every ounce of w t counts.
Hava reinforcings of leather and strong handles and lock.
Sizes 12 to 26 inch., 1.07 to 83.45.

Main floor, Men's Building.
j

 

(9c. to 50c, Embroideries,
10c. to 25c. a Yard.

 

‘and Bwien

  

   

=

: Savings of From 20% to 409%.

Natural Mink Animal Searf, 2 skins, trimmed

Natural Mink Animal Searf, 2 skins, trimmed

|

__Third floor, Men's Building. ,

Buchan’s Toilet Soap, 6 Cakes, 9c.

‘cae gnaonn 40,000 yards of Embr oideries; >
FOR TUESDAY ings, 3 to 10 inches wido, cambria, maasets

 
   

vt et ade

}

Et eB we. ok

See" 5

    

 
 
      
   
      
 

    

  
  

       
  
  
  

   

i
il