SOME NEW BOOKS.
The Story of Reconstruction.

The latest addition to the History of the
American Nation, which is edited by Prof.
Albert Bushnell Hart and ia in course of
publication by the Harpers, is a volume
entitled Reconatruction, Political and Keo-
nomi, by Prof, W. A. DUNNING of Columbia
University, The period covered by the
hook before us begins with the collapse of
the Confederacy in the spring of 1865 and

ends with the outcome of the Electoral
Commission of 1877. What ia novel and
striking in the author's treatment of the

subject is the stress laid by him upon the
fact that although the South bulks largest
in the eventful history of the period, the
North also bad its reconstruction and in
the process suffered scarcely less severely
than the South from wnfit officials, the
plundering of public tteasuries and the
degradation of civic standards. Prof. Dun«
ning does not fail, indeed, to elucidate by
thorough analysis and careful reflection the
struggle by means of which the Southern
whites, subjugated by adversaries of their

owa race, tiowarted the scheme of reorgan-
ization which threatened permanent sub-
jection to another race, At the same time
the North clairos a large part of his atten-
tidn. He ix, on the whole, disposed to think

that the social, economic and political ac-
tivities which wrought positively for prog-
ress are to he found in the record not of
the vanquished but of the victorious sec-
tion. He concedes, of course, that in this
record there is less that is spectacular, less
that is pathetic and more that seems inex-
cusable sordid than in the record of the
South, but he submits that moral and dra-
matic values must not have greater weight
in the writing than they have had in the
making of bistorv. While, therefore, his
narrative may seem to slight the picturesque
details of Kuklux operations and carpet-
bag legislation and fraud, it undertakes to
present in something like their true rela-
tions the facts and forees which, manifested
chiefly in the politics of the North and West,

transformed the nation, considered as a
whole, from what it was in 1865 to what it
was it) 1877

At the close of his first chapter Prof
Yunning brings home to the reader how
the progress of the American nation in the
decade succecding the civil war was to be

involved in tho solution of as complex
problems as ever taxed the capacity of a
government. In the North the dangerous
ancroachments of militarism on the domain
of civil polity were to be terminated and
the tremendous financial burdens left by
the war were to be diminished and read-
justed 50 a8 to be bearable, In the border
States the passions and feuds of a divided
eociety were to be curbed till time should
bring tolerance and reunion. In the South
a wholly new social and political structure

was to be built out of the wreckage of that
which conquest had destroyed, and the
foundation had to be made by some distinct
determination of the righta and duties of

the freedmen and by the construction of
State governments.

Our author adds that by the side of these
problems of internal policy, though some-
what in the background, lay certain ques-
tions of foreign relations which now and
then were forced ominously to the front in
the surgings of public opinion. Great
Britain }ad won no high favor in either
the North or the South by her wavering

policy during the war between the States,
and the presence of French soldiers in
Mexico was an incontrovertible expression
6* Les Napoleon's malevolent disposition.

After the fall of the Confederacy it became
a question seriously debated in all the
political circles of the North whether it
would not be well before reducing the mili-
tary and naval establishments to have a
settlement of the grievances for which the
European Powers might justly be held re-
sponsible, Only the imperazive and absorb-
ing demands of the home situation averted
an immediate crisis in foreign relations,
and at each particularly troublesome period
in the process of reconstruction there was
@ renewal of urging on the part of influen-
tial men that the President should find a
way out of internal difficulties through an
aggressive movement against Great Britain
or against the French in Mexico.

In his second chapter Prof. Dunning re-
callathat throughout the Northern section of
the country during the summer and autumn
of 1865 the railway and steamboat lines
were taxed by returning soldiers. Into
every bamlet, however remote, came soon
or late some narrator of personal experience
in the great conflict, now seeking to assume
or resume some vocation in civil life. The
“old soldier” became a significant social
type and left a sharp impress on the popu-
lar life and character of the times. Yet
our author notes that it was difficult to
detect at the North any economic influence
of the great and sudden change during the
middle of 1865. The abrupt transfer of
nearly a million ablebodied men from de-
structive to productive occupation, with
the simultaneous curtailment and extine-
tion of many large war feeding industries,
might have been expected to make itself
felt conspicuously in business and finance.
As a matter of fact hardly a ripple was
visible on the placid surface of the North's
economic life. In that section the read-
justiwest of forces proceeded for a time
S80 peacefnilly as to leave no sign.

Our author goes on to mark the striking
difference between the prosperous and
cheerful milieu to which the Northern sol-
dier returned and the hopeless conditions
which his late antagonist of the South
encountered. While the veterans of Grant's
and Sherman's armies were being trans-
ported to their homes with every appli-
@nce and provision for their comfort that
@ high civilization and sympathetic fore-
thought could supply, those who had fol-
lowed Lee and Johnston were slowly and
painfully making their way, chiefly on foot,
through ravaged and poverty stricken
regions that offered them little cheer save
the benedictions of the inhabitants. Some
174,000 surrendered Confederate soldiers
were paroled by the Union authorities
and over 60,000 more were discharged from
Northern prison camps during the summer.
Prof. Dunning pointa out that these men
fepresented in a great measure the most
useful elements of the Southern popula-
tion, but the situation which they found
when they reached their homes was, as a
tule, destitute of all opportunity for use-
fulness. Capital, labor, currency—all were
sither lacking or so transformed and tram-
melled as to require unfamiliar methods of
smployment. Many a Confederate officer
whose word in March, 1865, had been law for
a thousand men was toiling in the following
May at the humblest manual Jabor in order
fo procure the little United States currency
that would command the necessities of
life for his family.

 

i.

Tt is true that in those regions of the
South where any cotton had escaped the
tavages of war the high price of this com-
modity offered promise of financial salva-
sion to the lucky owners. Marketing the
jotton, however, was difficult, and often
M™mpossible, in the disorganized condition of

country: and moreover the title to
wuch of it was, under the still rigorously,

| conditions under which

eS SS

applied war legislation of Congress, subject
to dispute. Treasury agents and army
officers were active in seizing all that could
in any way be made to bear the taint of
service, either actual or promised, to the
Confederate cause. Extensive fraudulent
operations on the part of corrupt officials
and rapacious speculators wrested from the
owners much that really was free from such
taint. Finally, the tax of three cents a
pound, which confronted any one who had
got his cotton safely through these other
perils out down materially his much needed
proceeds. Thus it came to be felt on all
hands that the most effective means of
Promoting the revival of the South and
putting it in the way of sustaining its popu-
lation would be the prompt removal of the
restrictions on trade which the war had
involved. Accordingly the Federal Exeo-
utive began this process immediately on
the cessation of hostilities, and continued it
as rapidly as conditions seemed to warrant.
When the barriers were levelled which
had made intercourse between the two
sections for four years legal, there was
a widespread resumption of both social
and business re'ations between the peoples
that had so recently been enemies. Not,
indeed, without hesitation, suspicion, awk-
wardness and desperate efforts to avoid
the dangerous topics which were upper-
most in all men’s minds, old friendships
were renewed and old business connections
were looked up with a view to the reestab-
lishment of trade relations. Prof. Dunning
recalls that not a few Souherners came
promptly North to find opportunities which
they despaired of ever seeing in their own
sections, and which well disposed Northern
acquaintances were not slow to put in their
way. The most pronounced movement,
however, was from North to South, under
the operation of the commercial instinct.
A host of traders kept up with or preceded
the opening of railways and steamer lines
into the long closed section. Many North-
ern capitalists also sought in the conquered
and stricken country profitable investment
for their wealth. Especially inviting seemed
the cotton plantations, which now could
be bought at ridiculously low prices from
their resouroeless owners. Sharp witted
officers, and even privates, in the Union
armies, having noted the opportunties
in neighborhoods with which their military
duties had made them conversant, sent
their friends thither or returned themselves
to take advantage of their observations.
Our author records the indisputable fact
that the experience of this first body of
Northern immigrants proved almost uni-
formly. unfortunate, despite the excep-
tionally low prices which they paid for
their lands. Their failure was no doubt
partly due, as Prof. Dunning ve ys, to un-
familiarity with the peculiaritios of the
crop which they sought to raise. Other
causes, however, oontributed materially
to render pecuniary success impossible, and
among these were the social and political
the newcomers

were obliged to live. The disbandment,

| indeed, of the great armies, and the restora-

tion of intercourse between the sections,
was only a little step toward the basis of a
general and permanent peace. Civil gov-
ernment had yet to be instituted in the
conquered region, and the political status
of the freedmen had to be fixed on some
definite foundation of law. As to what
that basis ought to be, President Johnson
on the one hand, and the Radical Repub-
licans, preponderant in both houses of
Congress, on the other, soon developed
widely divergent and frreconcilable views.

President Johnson's policy is expounded
in the third chapter of this volume. We
are reminded of what in our day is some-
times overlooked, that in confronting the
problem of restoring civil government in
the South President Johnson was under no
necessity of devising a solution, The solu-
tion already applied by Lincoln in three of
the States was ready to the hand of his
successor. Our author directs attention to
the fact that the draft of a proclamation for
instituting the same process of restoration
in the other Confederate States had been
submitted by Secretary Stanton to the
Cabinet, and had been discussed in the last
meeting before Lincoln's assassination.
The truth is that Johnson took up the work
of reconstruction at the precise point where
Lincoln had left it.

First, in order to dispose of the idea that
the State Governments which had exercised
authority under the Confederacy might be
permitted to continue their functions, the
military commanders were ordered to pre-
vent any attempt of the old Legislatures to
meet, and such of the old Governors as
could be caught were consigned to prison.
Nothing but military government was then
left in seven of the States. As to Virginia,
an executive order of President Johnson's,
dated May 9, 1865, recognized F. H. Pierpoint
as Governor of the State, and without
formal declarations,Governors Brownlow of
Tennessee, Wells of Louisiana and Murphy
of Arkansas, the official heads of the organ-
izations created under Lincoln's adminis-
tration and with his aid, were assumed by
Johnson to be the chiefs of legitimate gov-
ernments and were encouraged to extend
their authority throughout the territory in-
cluded within their respective State limits.

Having thus provided for the four Com-
monwealths which already were far ad-
vanced on the road toward restoration to
the Union, Johnson proceeded to carry out
Lincoln's project, somewhat modified, for
the remaining seven. On May 20, 1865, the
reorganization of North Carolina was begun
by a proclamation appointing W. W. Holden
Provisional Governor and directing him to
assemble a constitutional convention of
delegates chosen by the loyal part of the
people of the State, and to exercise all
powers necessary to enable that part of the
people to organize a republican form of
government such as the United States
might constitutionally guarantee. The test
of loyalty prescribed was the taking of the
oath embodied in an amnesty proclamation
issued on the same date. Only such per-
sons as should have taken that oath might
participate either as electors or as elected
in the process of reorganization, and more-
ever only such as were qualified voters
under the laws of the State that had been
in force immediately before its secession.

The only feature of this project which
excited much discussion among the ad-
visers of the President, official or unofficial,
was that fixing the qualifications for voters,
Radical members of the United States
Senate and House of Representatives urged
with emphasis the importance of including
the freedmen in the reorganizing electorates,
and the Cabinet was evenly divided on
this question. Chief Justice Chase in-
sisted that both the conditions and the
opinions obtaining in the South favored
reorganization through negro suffrage.
Johnson's decision was for leaving the re-
organization to the Union faction of the old
white electorate. The possibility and the
desirability of a later extension to the suf-
frage by degrees to the freedmen, though
the action of the new State Governments
themselves he did not, however, question,

At intervals from June 13 to July 13,
1865, proclamations identical in tenor with
that affecting North Carolina named pro-
visiona!l Governors and reestablished the

Federal administration in the remaining;

-

 

six States of the Confederacy. The pro-
visional Governors, as soon as they were
installed in power, proceeded first to revive
the local administrative authorities which
had been dormant since the suppression
of the old State Governments, County
and municipal officials who had ceased
to act when the United States troops took
possession of a State were ordered to
resume their functions, taking the amnesty
oath asa part of their qualifications, Next
the provisional Governors took the neces-
sary steps for the election and assembling
of gonstitutional conventions, the first of
which bodies to complete ite work was
that of Mississippi, which adjourned Au-
gust 24, 1965, whereas that of Texas did
not finish ite labors until April 6, 1866.

What was the function of these conven-
tions? Our author replies that in the first
place it was to signify by formal public
acts the acceptance by their respective
States of the resulte of the war. Through
the provisional Governors the conventions
first ascertained what President Johnson
would regard as an adequate expression
of euch acceptance. Following the sug-
gestions thus procured, these bodies began
by declaring the invalidity of the ordinances
of secession, South Carolina and Georgia by
repealing, Florida by annulling, and the
rest by proclaiming null and void the ob-
noxious acts. Next, slavery was declared
abolished forever. Finally, the State debts
contracted in aid of the war against the
United States Government were repudiated,
except in South Carolina, These essential
duties having been performed, the con-
ventions made such modifications in the
old State constitutions as the new situa-
tion required, and then adjourned, leaving
to the Legislatures, for which provision
had been duly made, the task of further
promoting social reorganization, During
October and November,
were held in moat of the former Confederate
States, and Governors and Legislatures
were chosen under the new constitutions.
The Legislatures when they met were con-
fronted with the suggestion, scarcely less
imperative than a command, that they
ratify the Thirteenth Amendment of the

OAT ENC

THE ‘SUN, SUNDAY.

1865, elections |

Federal Constitution. This requirement aleo |

was satisfied by all except Mississippi.
By the end of the year 1865 the provisional

Governors had been relieved of their offices |

in all the States but Texas, and the civil
governments that had been authorized
under their direction were in the full exer-
cise of their functions. When the process
of reorganization had at last been com-
pleted in the State of Texaa also, President
Johnson on August 20, 1866, proclaimed
the complete restoration of peace, order,
tranquillity and civil authority throughout
the United States.

iv.

In the same third chapter our author
points out that at the very date of Johnson's
official announcement that peace and tran-
quillity had been restored the whole country,
North and South, was in fact convulsed
with a political conflict only less demoraliz-
ing than the conflict of arms which it fol-
lowed. The causes of this situation are
traceable to the currents of public and party
feeling which were set in motion by the prog-
ress of the administration of public policy
in the South. The fact is here recalled that
President Johnson on his accession to power
manifested at first no little sympathy with
some beliefs which were characteriatic of
the Radical wing of the Union party. As
his policy, however, was developed by the
appointment of provisional Governors and
by the proceedings under them, his lean-
ings toward the Radicala became con-
tinually less conspicuous, till by the mid-
summer of 1865 thoee Northern politicians
who had cherished the brightest hopes were
in despair of any settlement that would
realize their chief aims. These aime in-
cluded the proscription of the Confederate
leaders, extensive confiscation of planta-
tions in the South, the enfranchisement of
the freedmen and the postponement of
politioal reorganization in the Southern
States till the continued ascendency of the
Union party therein could be insured. As
the Administration's policy was unfolded
it was seen to be obviously incompatible
with every item of the Radical programme.
Even what hope of proscription had been
held out by the numerous exceptions from
the privilege of amnesty granted by the
proclamation of May 29, 1865, had subse-
quently been extinguished by the liberal
issue of special pardons to individuals who
applied therefor. Confiscation had been
stopped short by the United States Attor-
ney-General's opinion that property which
had been seized by the Federal authorities
under the confiscation acts must be restored
to the former owners when these were par-
doned. Manifestly negro suffrage had
been doomed by the franchise provisions of
Johnson's proclamations, and the haste
with which reorganization had been pressed
to completion in State after State filled the
Northern Radicals with gloomy forebodings
of a reunited Democracy sweeping the
Union men out of their control of the na-
tional Government.

There ia no doubt that President John-
son, when once his original purpose of
making examples of certain leaders like
Jefferson Davis had been forced by the
pressure of events into the background,
pushed energetically the policy of mercy,
conciliation and an immediate restoration
of the old Union and the old constitutional
relations. Involved in the policy was a
clear and promising scheme of party re-
adjustment from which the Democracy
would have much to hope. The radicals
of the Union party Johnson had no hopé of
pleasing, or, for that matter, any desire to
please. Such supporters he thought he
could dispense with. On the other hand,
the great mass of conservative men in the
Union party Johnson and his advisers
believed they could hold by the policy
they had adopted; and the loes of support
from the radicals could, they assumed,
be compensated by the adhesion of North-
ern Democrats, who very early in John-
son's administration began to manifest
approval of his views. In the South, of
course, when party life should have been
renewed it could be anticipated with con-
fidence that gratitude would bring a large
following to uphold the President's hands.
Thus, in the opinion of our author, there
was in 1965 a fair promise of an Administra-
tion party which, strong in both sections
of the reunited nation, would be opposed
only by impotent sectional factions—the
radicals and the remnants of the Copper-
head Democracy in the North, and in
the South the fragments of irreconcilable
secessioniam.

That temporarily there was good ground
for President Johnson's hope in this matter
gooms to Prof. Dunning demonstrated
by the approving interest with which the
progress of reorganization in the South
was followed for a while in the North.
Nevertheless, when it became evident that
some of the restored States would be ready
for admission to the national councils as
soon as Congress should assemble in Decem-
ber, 1865, the bearing of the prospective sit-
uation on party politics stimulated the most
anxious scrutiny of the conditions in the
South.

Vv.

Now there is no doubt that the whom
President Johawou bad appolated prove- igpportance in the situation wae

a

’ ” eer ens ,

AUGUST 4,

fonal Governors to supervise the reorganisa-
tion of their respective States had all been
chosen because of their record as opponents
of secession either before or during the war.
_They were mostly former Whigs. The
same thing had been true of the controlling
element in the various State conventions.
While amnesty and pardon and a reviving
interest in politios had enabled considerable
numbers of once active secessionists to got
themselves returned as delegates, they in
no State had taken the lead in the actual
work of the convention. Each subsequent
atep, however, in the process of reorganiza-
tion had brought to the front an increasing
proportion of men who had been conapicu-
ous in the military or civil service of the
Confederacy. Such facts had a very dis-
quieting effect in the North, although to
the South they were normal and inevitable,
for the supporters of the Confederate cause
had comprehended not only the great
majority numerically of the population,
but also the best men that their section could
offer in the way of political experience and
‘ability. The Southern opponents of seces-
sion had, for the most part, embodied none
of the qualities which could enable them
long to retain the confidence of the Southern
electorate. Nevertheless, in the North
the reappearance of ex-Confederates in
politics was widely proclaimed and felt to
be a gratuitous exhibition of contumacy
and impenitence by those in whom, as the
radicals thought, the opposite spirit would
have been decent and appropriate.

Prof. Dunning brings out in the same
chapter another feature of the Southern
situation in respect to which the interest
and vigilance of the North were most keen,
namely, the attitude of the new State Gov-
ernments and of the white population in
general toward the freedman.
the summer of 1865 many sporadic instances
of friction between blacks and whites had
been reported, mostly from the towns,
where the idle and vicious of both races
were apt to congregate, or from certain
rural regions, where the class of poor whites,
whose antipathy to the negroes was in-
grained, predominated. Northern news-
paper correspondents of radical leanings
dwelt at length upon the tone of contempt
for the blacks, and of indifference toward
their fate, which pervaded the conversation
of even the more intelligent representatives
of the Southern whites. This tone signified
to the inheritors of the ante-slavery tradi-
tion that while emancipation might be
recognized by the whites as an unchange-
able fam, liberty in all ite fulness would not
be conceded to the freedman.

On the other hand, during the autumn
of 1865 the demoralization of the blacks,
resulting from their sudden freedom, hat
reached ite maximum. Trom every part of
the South came complaints that the negroes
were refusing to make contracts for labor
in the next planting season and were mani-
festing a hope and a purpose of appropriat -
ing the land of their former masters. There
was revealed a widespread belief among
the blacks that on New Year's Day, 1866,
the United States Government would en-
dow every former slave with a farming
outfit, the normal measure of which was
to be for each adult male “forty acres and
amule.” Naturally the uneasiness prevail-
ing among the blacks during the autumn
of 1865 gave rise to corresponding dis-
quietude and fear among the whites, and
in a number of Southern States where
Federal soldiers were too few to provide
adequate protection local militia com-
panies were formed by the whites for that
object. The recourse to this expedient
caused bad feeling at the North, being
interpreted as a movement to reconstitute
Confederate military organizations for the
purpose of oppressing negroes and Union
men.

In spite, however, of all the difficulties
which his policy entailed, and all the evi-
dence that it would meet with strong op-
position in Congress when the Representa-
tives elected in November, 1864, should
assemble, President Johnson pursued un-
flinchingly the line which, as he conceived,
had been marked out for him by the Con-
stitution. He took, our author notes,
great pains to keép himeelf informed as to
the drift of conditions and sentiment among
the whites of the South. Besides the un-
solicited information with which he was
deluged he received extended reports
from certain persons whom specifically
he had designated to travel through the
Southern States, investigate the situation
and keep him informed in regard to it.
By April, 1866, the question of the policy to
be pursued toward the South had passed the
point where either testimony as to facts or
sober estimates of political philosophy could
play a leading part. Sectional passion and
partisan political emotion had become pre-
dominant, owing to the spirit inspiring the
proceedings of the Congress which assem-
bled on December 4, 1865, and was the prod-
uct of the elections at which the Union
party, headed by Lincoln and Johnson, had
been victorious.

 

 

vi.

The aim of the radical policy of the
majority of the Federal Senate and House
of Representatives, the policy of which
Thaddeus Stevens of Pennsylvania was the
chief expounder and promoter, was not
only to enfranchise the colored freedmen
in the ex-Confederate States but to make
them, conjoined with anti-slavery white
emigrants from the Northern States—
the so-called carpetbaggers—political mas-
ters of the South. We need not dwell upon
the process, involving as it did a nearly
successful attempt to impeach President
Johnson, by which the aim was carried out.
Neither need we recite in detail the shock-
ing outcome of the carpetbag régime.
The author of this book testifies in his thir-
teenth chapter that by 1872 the evils arie-
ing from the inefficiency, extravagance
and corruption of the radical State Govern-
ments in the Southern States had become
intolerable. That the practical working
of those organizations was in all the States
bad, and in some of them a mere travesty
of civilized government, was made clear
by the investigation of a joint committee
of Congress.

The most conspicuous and indisputable
proof of maladministration was furnished
by the management of the State finances.
For the ambitious Northern whites, the
inexperienced Southern whites and the
unintelligent blacks who were placed in
control of the first State Governments re-
constructed under the radical régime the
principal end of their induction into power
was to put their States promptly abreast
of those which led in prosperity and progress
at the North. Things must be done, they
eaid, on a larger scale than under the de-
based of slavery. Accordingly
both by the new State Constitutions and by
legislation the expenses of the State Govern-
ments were largely increased; offices were
multiplied in all departments; salaries
were made more worthy of commonwealths
assumed to be regenerated and progressive;
costly enterprises were undertaken for the
promotion of the general welfare, especially
where that welfare seemed to be connected
primarily with the uplifting of the freedmen.
The result of this programme was promptly

increase of taxation that to the property
owning class were ng and ruinous.
A fact, moreover, ae ae

 
  
 
 

    

Through’

-——— TO Or OO? kn nk eee ae

er Sts ee
coun. - — _

Went dont Deca auld Cakes nh tie 1 Novae > nt lie en Dia
FO Meh AYE MOR RE Oe aM RP C5 TNR

class which had to pay the taxes was sharply
divided politically from that which levied
them, and was by the whole radical theory
of reconstruction to be excluded indefinitely
from a determining voice in State govern-
ment.

The author concedes that the responsible
higher State officials were in many cases en-
tirely honest, though pathetically stupid, in
their schemes to promote the interests of
their respective Commonwealths. He recog-
nives at the same time that the State Gov-
ernments numbered in their personnel a
host of officials to whom place meant merely
an op unity for plunder. He does not
lowe aight of the fact that the progressive
depletion of the State treasuries was ac-
companied by great private prosperity
among Radical politicians of high and low
degree. He recalls that the first to profit
by their opportunities were generally
Northerners conspicuous in Radical! politics,
but he adds that “scalawag” Southerners
and the negroes in general were quick to
follow their example. Bribery, indeed,
became the indispensable adjunct of legis
lation, and fraud a common feature in the
execution of the law. Nevertheless, the
form and manner of the corruption which
has given 60 unsavory a connotation to the
name “reconstruction” were not essentially
different from those which have appeared
in many another period and place. At the
time when the administration of Soott in
South Carolina and of Warmouth in Louia-

jana were establishing the Southern high !

water mark of rascality in public finance
the Tweed ring in New York oity was also
at the culmination of ite closely parallel
career.

Prof. Dunning distinguishes the really
new and peculiar element in the malad-
ministration of the Southern States in
the social and race issue which underlay it,
and which instantly came to the surface
when any attempt at reform was made.
With the dwindling, indeed, of the white
element in the radical party at the South

  

para ae Pearitta day's gl oA Yall A taal
et Ss ur im) f y Uh eA

altogether by the issues of Reconstruction.
The exciting prospect of escape from the
clutch of a hostile national Government
set the hearts of the whites throbbing
wildly from the Potomac to the Rio Grande
Only in the three States wherein negro
and carpetbag rule still endured—Florida,
Louisiana and South Carolina—wae there
doubt as to the outcome of the election.

The author hesitates to pronounce &
definite judgment on the decision reached
by the Electoral Commission, which on
March 2, 1877, was announced by the Presi-
dent of the Senate to the two Houses of
Congress. All that Prof. Dunning sees fit
to say upon the subject will be found in the
last paragraph of his final chapter, where
we are told that the relief of the general
public when the electoral crisis was passed
was deep and devout. Even when Hayes was
inaugurated, the details of the agreement
reached in February at Wormley's Hotel
between some influential Southern Demo-
crate and certain spokesmen of the coming
Administration were not yet generally
known, but the substance of it was soon
learned, to wit: “Let the reforming Repub-
licans direct the national Government and
the Southern whites rule the negroes.”
Such, unquestionably, were the terms on
which the Hayes Administration took up
its task. The terms precisely and con-
aciously reversed the principles of recon-
struction that had been followed under
Grant, and hence they brought an era to
an end. M. W.H.

War and Private Property.

Timely and useful just now, when the
subject is engaging the earnest attention
of the peace conference at The Hague, is
the publication of an English treatise on
The Law of Private Property in War, by ,
Norman Bentwicn (Boston Book Co.). |
This book presents a revision and an en- |
largement of an essay which won the Yorke |
Prize at the University of Cambridge, |
England, in 1906. The aim of it is to formu-

ee

Nhe x are m4 mr
habit 28,)R j ae

  

are the most deadly of all warlike measures,”
so long is it unlikely that the British repre-
sentatives in an international conference
will be prevailed upon by the argument
from expediency. Mr. Bentwich accord-
ingly predicted in 1006, and the course of
events at The Hague thie year have juati-
fled the prediction, that there would he
no unanimous declaration againat the
capture of the private property of bel-
ligerents at sea. He concedes, neverthe-
less, that certain modifications of existing
practice on other points may well be agreed
to. He approves, for example, of the
resolution carried by the International
Law Association at Christiania in 1005,
a resolution to the effect that mail and
passenger steamers, both belligerent and
neutral, should be protected from seizure,
though at the same time it should be made
illegal by the municipal laws of every
nation for such vessels to carry contraband
goods or noxious despatches. Asa matter
of fact, the exemption of mail and passenger
steamers was granted during the Franco-
Prussian and Spanish-American ware, and
is provided for by treaty between. Kng-
land and France in case of war between
those Powers. The author of this book
also thinks that some limit might be set
to the area over which a belligerent may
exercise his right of search and visitation.
During the South African war Great
Britain, despite Germany's protest, ex-
ercised her right at any distance from the
scene of operations; but when, in the war
of 1904-05, Russia availed herself of the
same privilege, Great Britain, now feeling
the pinch herself, protested, It was pro-
posed at the Peace Conference of 1906 in
Milan that certain parte of the ocean, or
the world’s great trade routes (ocean lanes),
might be neutralized in the same way ae
the Suez Canal is neutralized; but the ob-
jection has been made that apart from
the indefiniteness of the proposal it would
be likely to impose too great a check to be

| accepted by beiligerenis in ihe heat of

it became increasingly apparent to re- | late from a study of the chief authorities | war.

flecting men at the North that the demor-
alization in the ex-Confederate States
was leas political than social in its essence;
that the antithesis and antipathy of race
and color were crucial and ineradicable.
Intelligence and political capacity were,
indeed, confined almost exclusively to
the one race; but this fact was not the key
to the situation, for the relations of the
higher class of whites with the blacks
were notoriously far more cordial than
were those of the lower class. Prof.
Dunning notes that a map of the Kuklux
operations, which gave occasion for the
enforcement acts, did not, as a matter of
fact, touch the region of the great plan-
tations and the black belt, where the
Southern aristocracy had their homes,
but included only the Piedmont territory,
where the poor whites lived. The negroes
were disliked and feared almost in exact
proportion to their manifestation of rel-
ative intelligence and relative capacity.
What animated the poor whites was pride
in their race as such, and a dread, partly
instinctive, partly rational, lest their in-
stitutions, traditions and ideals were to be
appropriated or submerged.
vil.

We pass over the commercial and in-
dustrial demoralization in the North from
1869 to 1873, and come to the movement
toward white supremacy in the South
(1874-77). There is no doubt that the
result of the elections held in 1874 through-
out ‘thé country ‘was full of promise for
the afflicted white people of the South.
The return of a Democratic House of Repre-
sentatives to the next Congress was natu-
rally the salient feature of the new situation;
but scarcely less satisfactory was the evi-
dence of the growing volume of sympathy
on the part of the most thoughtful classes
in the North for the corresponding classes
in the South. Liberal Republicanism,
though it proved a dismal failure in the
Presidential election of 1872, was seen to be,
nevertheless, an enduring influence for the
intellectual and spiritual reunion of the
sections. The campaign of 1874 went
against the Republicans in the Southern
States as well as in the North. Of the
States hitherto radical, Alabama and Arkan-
sas were carried by the conservatives;
Louisiana and Florida were very close; and
although a radical Governor was chosen in
South Carolina he was pledged to reform.

President Grant's annual message in De-
cember, 1874, gave perceptible indications
of wavering and uncertainty in his South-
ern policy. The returns from the elections
and the undisguised hostility of the reform-
ing Republicans had evidently prodnoed
some effect. He still, indeed, defended his
course in sustaining Kellogg in Louisiana,
and in using United States troops under the
enforcement acts, but he now conceded that
there was a class of conservative people in
the South who were law abiding and who
were suffering much from bad government;
he conceded also that possibly the outrages
alleged to ba perpetrafed on the negroes
were exaggerated in the North. He ex-
preased, finally, a consciousness that his in-
terference by force in the affairs of Southern
States was repugnant to public opinion,
though he atill declared that without such
interference the whole scheme of colored
enfranchisement would be “worse than a
mockery, and little better than a crime.”
Prof. Dunning's comment on Grant's mes-
sage of December, 1874, is that he would not
see, or was not permitted to see, that the
whole system of Federal interference with
the Southern States under the enforcement
acts had become both a mockery and a
crime. The scandalous prostitution of the
Federal army to merely partisan uses in the
South had been, and continued to be, one
of the most powerful influences in discredit-
ing Grant's Administration. That Adminis-
tration reached what our author calls the
nadir of national disgrace in thy whiskey
ecandals of 1875-76.

Thus it came to pass that the advantage
at the beginning of the Presidential cam-
paign of 1876 wae distinctly with the Demo-
crate. The disrepute which in 1874 had
brought down the wrath of the voters
on the Republicans was progressing stead-
ily toaclimax. No mortal ingenuity could
extract credit from the reoord of Grant's
second Administration. There was now
no reassuring popular response to sombre
tales of Southern outrages; the stancheat
Radical communities at the North mani-
fested stolid indifference to the alleged
woes of the negroes in Mississippi, so long
as the Whiskey Ring and Grant's private
secretary, Baboock, were on trial at St.
Louis. It seemed as if the Republicans,
in the absence of any ground for aggres-
sive appeal for popular support, would be
reduced in the approaching campaign
to a dull and hopeless defensive.

To a certain extent the tactics devised
by ex-Speaker Blaine rescued the Repub-
licans temporarily from their predicament.
Cleverly avoiding the worn out and ineffec-
tive negro phase of the Southern question,
Blaine's procedure revived the fiery war-
time passions of the Western and Northern
white man. Nevertheless, after the nomi-
nations for the Presidency had been made,
the Democrats concentrated their fire on
the weak spots in the Republican adminis-
trative record, and had little difficulty

in keeping the in general on the
defensive. In the the campaign of
main features

1976 wag, determined An ite

$e

4 re HAY ibs aay , Brainy "shyly (pili Py n

and leading cases the general principles |
which underlie modern usages, to indicate
where particular practices violate ome |
principles and to suggest the linea upon

which reform may proceed. Of the ten
chapters comprised in the volume those
of particular interest under the existing
circumstances are the eighth, which deals
with the property of neutrals at sea, the
third, which is concerned with the private
property of belligerents on land, and the
seventh, which has to do with the private
property of belligerenta at sea.

The present status of the property of
neutrals at sea is generally assumed to
have been settled by the declaration signe!
at Paris by representatives of the great
European Powers in 1856, because, although
the United States did not concur in the
declaration on the ground that it did not
go far enough, the Washington Govern-
ment conformed to its rules during the
Spanish-American war of 1898. One of the
merits of the book before us is the clear-
ness with which the author demonstrates
that even the three principal articles of the
Paris Declaration need redefinition at the
hands of the Hague conference. He shows
that even the first article of the declara- |
tion, the apparently absolute abolition of
privateering, has been to some extent

|

nullified through the formation of so-called |
“volunteer nayies” by nations at war.
Prussia invented this device in 1870, and
it was followed and improved upon by
Russia in the recent war with Japan, when
the Smolensk and the St. Petersburg, hav-
ing sailed through the Dardanelles as
merchantmen, transformed the:nselves sud-
denly into cruisers and started to prey
upon neutral shpping accused or suspected
of conveying contraband cominodities.
To-day almost all the chief maritime powers
have arranged to turn part of their mer-
cantile marine into commerce destroyers
at the outbreak of war. The second article,
aleo, of the Paris declaration, that which
makes a neutral flag cover even enemy
goods when these are not contraband,
is partially defeated by the extension of the
definition of contraband and the enforce-
ment against neutral vessels o the “con-
tinuous voyage” principle. The third ar-
ticle, which exempts neutral goods from
capture on enemy vessels, is in turn threat-
ened by the growing habit of sinking enemy
prizes. It was hoped that the present
Hague conference would examine carefully
the encroachments upon the principles
propounded in the three articles named
and would endeavor to stop them by the
formulation of a code which should be bind-
ing upon civilized nations. Even were such
a code agreed upon, however, the position
of neutrals would still be inadequately
secured, for in the stress of war laws are
distorted and evaded, and indeed openly
violated, unless machinery for coercion is
provided.

a at

nu.

The rule concerning private property on
land which was adopted by the Hague
conference of 1899 provided that an invader,
having driven out provisionally the national
Government of an invaded country, shall
take all steps in his power to reestablish
and insure, as far as possible, public order
and safety, while respecting, unlesd abso-
lutely prevented, the laws of the country.

This stipulation, which prohibits an
invader from interfering with private law
as to property or contracts, is supported
by another rule, also adopted at The Hague
in int, which says that “the private property
of individuals must be respected and cannot
be confiscated.” A third rule directs the
assesament and incidence of taxes and
customs to be carried on by the occupant
according to existing practice. The Hague
jaws, however, having thus provided for
the general security of the private property
on land of belligerents no iess than of
neutrals, go on to legitimatize the impo-
sition of requisitions and contributions
by the occupant without requiring im-
mediate payment for them. Supplies in
kind must, indeed, be paid for on the spot,
so far as possible; if they are not paid for,
the fact that they have been taken must be
establi by receipts given to the owner
of the commodity requisitioned. In fine,
the laws of war on land established at The
Hague in 1890 deny the right of belligerents
to seize private property as a profit of war,
and permit it only as part of military opera-
tion or military necessity. At the same
time their recognition of requisitions
clearly modifies the inviolability of property
which numerous foreign publicists assert
to have been established on land, and which
they contrast with the survival of mari-
time capture of the private property of bel-
ligerents.

 

mt.

In his seventh chapter the author of
this essay deals with the agitation for
giving immunity to the private property
of belligerents at sea, not being contraband
of war, and he sete forth reasons for
thinking that the demand cannot be fairly
made on legal or moral grounds, or on
any arguments drawn from the condi-
tions of land war. He expresses also the
conviction that so long as England keeps
her maritime preponderance, and experts
like Capt. Mahan are convinced that “the
blqws etruck, 6, a2. anewy's . commerce

, Be oie! cand
a Beit NP ay x
we Tes xy Wile

 
      

6

 
 

eb Ni datet 8
Hay a wah Set yy

We observe, lastly, that the Interpar-
liamentary Conference of 1006 passed a.
resolution that the Hague conference at
ite next session should by treaty define
contraband of war as being restricted to
arms, munitions and explosives. Mr. Bent-
wich is doubtless right in thinking it too
much to hope that belligerents will yet
agree to this proposal; 80 many other arti-
cles than the three specified may be im-
mediately and greatly useful to the enemy
It should not be too much to expect, how-

"ever, that an international agreement shall

declare that such other articles are con-

' ditionally, and not absolutely, contraband;

i. e., only confiscable when their destinatlon
or quality suggests use for the military
purposes of the enemy. Provisions bound
fer a port of military or naval equipment
and steam coal would come within the
category of forbidden and confiscable
articles. It was unanimously voted at
the International Law Association meeting
at Christiania in 1905 that coal should be
deelared conditional contraband only, and
that it was expedient that the Hague con-
ference should draw up a list of the general
heads of conditional contraband which the
Powers would covenant to respect.

THE EMPEROR OF JAPAN

Leads in Adopting Foreign Customs—His
Only Photograph.

The face of the Emperor of Japan does
not reflect his age, says a writer in Town
and Country. There are no lines of care on
his smooth forehead. His turbulent reign
of forty years has not marred the serenity
of his countenance.

I saw him once driving through the park
at Yeddo, outside the imperial grounds,
He sat in an open victoria, a detachment of
cavalry preceding and following the car-
riage. His face was calm and serene. His
piercing black eyes stared straight ahead
and his dignified bearing was simple, yet
impressive. The briefest glance revealed
a man of no ordirary mould.

The whites of his eyes were more:appar-
ent than in the average Japanese. His eye-
brows were not as straight as in the. photo-
graph, and his strong chin was covered
with a beard of medium length, thicker
than when ten years ago he summoned the
best photographer in Tokio, a pupil of
Taber of San Francisco, to the imperial
fa ace.

Later I inspected a dozen prints. from the
original negative. I protested that the
photograph was inaccurate. I asked to see
other pictures. . .

“You will never see any others,” he toid
me. “The Emperor has set his- seal of
approval and his seal of state upon this
negative. There are no others and there
will be no others, The original is kept
under lock and seal. Only I may take
prints from it in the presence of officials
and with the Emperor's permission.”

I hinted that it was touched up. The
imperial photographer's face became a
mask.

“It is a very correct likeness,” he replied
suavely; “though the Emperor is a trifle
older, he has not changed.”

Those who have met the Emperor re-
cently say his face is much fuller and more
peculiarly Japanese, for the race tends to
corpulency. His frame is above the average
height of his subjects, his shoulders are
broader, and there is an appearance of
strength and compactness of form not
shared by the well fed official and prosper-
ous merchant.

The Emperor is not strenuous, seldom
takes exercise as we understand it, but
his diet is simple and he does not. indulge
in strong drinks. Of recent years he is “
more frequently seen outside the palace
grounds and he is peculiarly gracious to
foreign diplomats and the women of the
official colony.

Matauhito has led, not followed, the
elder statesmen and the progressive Japa-
nese in the adoption of Western civilization
In his palace at Tokio he has installed
many European furnishings. His audience
room is fitted up with a chair and a flat
ton desk. ;

It is there he receives calle from his
Ministers and officiais of state, as does the
President of the United States at the White
House. He does not sleep as do most
of his 45,000,000 of subjects upon a mat laid
floor but upon an English bed. His clothes
are mostly of English pattern, though in
the quiet of his family he dons the Japanese
robe and sandals. He wears white linen
shirts and starched collars, and eats at a
table such as ours, having most of his
food cooked in European style, using a
silver fork and a Sheffield knife.

Though a monarch of an Oriental ragp
descended in a direct line from 1,500 years
of Japanese rulers, Matsuhito has the
general appearance of an Amarican gentle-
man, both in manners and drees.

The walled and moated park sur-
rounding the White House of Japan is
thrown open to the public. The palace
itself is reconstructed on modern lines,

is full of large rooms and is furnished with
Yer, deaghte ail the evidences of mod

tl id -

ity, Matau be & @ wean of pa eae

ia the incarnation of the Divine ’

ae eee. divine and

time when the 4 and earth :-

eaten we ; pow o hala
him accountable to it, 8 ">

4 )
© tle Y
Sara) bbe