oe

Ba yen BOL
Way ae ¢ ' prorat Woli “w ’
" ae

THE SUN, SUNDAY, AUGUST 4, 1907.

PIONEERS OF BSPERANT® |

TRANCE FURST IN SPREADING THE
UNIVERSAL TONGUE,

|

Obhiahome City Ahead of New York With

av Esperanto Paper—World Bneireling

Hand of Men and Women Working for

the Language Zamenhof Invented.

I) every movement there has always |
on In addition to the initiator at least |
other personality that hae stood out |
in object of almost equal regard. Es- ‘
into, which is beginning to be taken |
eriously im this country—but only be- |
ning to be--furnishes an example in
vit
tr. Zamenhof is the inventor of this
iversal language, but now that he has
siarted it on its way he elects to draw
himself into the background and watch
ia course. While nominally the editor of
1» Experanto magazine, La Revuo, pub-
ished in Paris, he is so only at long range,
‘. he has returned to his practice in War-
saw, Poland, where he follows the profes-
ion of ooulist.

Naturally, he is busy with Rapeonnne |
yiat ters, but he does not sacrifice his medical |
sok to them. This course leaves the
trum vacant for the one who can take |
ont fil it. Fortunately for Esperanto, |
| is filled very acceptably.

l,uia de Beaufront, a, professor of
inguages at Louviers, France, had just
vublished in 1888 an original universal
anguage which he had named Adjuvanto
when he heard of Esperanto. He took
i) the brochure, which Dr. Zamenhof had
ivanaged to get printed after much trouble,
ith some natural hostility, and read it
through. To his dismay Esperanto seemed |
to bim as far superior to Adjuvanto as the !
latter was, in the opinion of its inventor,

 

 

to Volapuk.

He could not disguise the fact, look at
| as he would. For some days he com-
wred the two systems. Then his mind
was made up. He deposited his own book
i) the wastebasket, took up Esperanto
with enthusiasm, ang gave a display of
self-denial by labo
ite behalf.

At that time Volaptik had given up the
ghost and the world was directing a frigid
shoulder to the idea of universal language.
For ten long years he battled unceasirtgly,
and with apparently no results except a
ridicule which was as exasperating as it
was polite.

Occasionally he was helped by friends,
among them Réné Lemaire, who is said
‘o have practically sacrificed his health
to the cause, but it was a barren decade
Finally in 189%, De Beaufront founded the
monthly gazette, L'Kapérentiate, and the
French Society for the Propagation of

Fsperanto he also published pamphlets and |
textbooks, and then began to perceive

ring jhenceforward in

some sprouts shooting.

The French people took up Esperanto,
one by one, and they are now the most
enthusiastic adherents of it. Paris is com-
mercially the headquarters of the language
andin that city are published far and away
the best of the magazines devoted to it.
So deeply is it entrenched there that it
seems unlikely that it can ever die out.
4 boy of 13 has made a public speech in
Feperanto. And Esperanto is not easy for
Frenchmen to pronounce either.

Another Parisian pioneer of Esperanto is
Prof. Théodore Cart, who has not only
founded the largest printing and publish-
ing plant for Esperanto works, La Presa
Esperantista Societo, but is also the editor
of Lingvo 'nternacia, an excellent Esperanto
magazine, whose birth antedates that of
L'Eapérantiste by two years. M. Cart is
til] better known as the friend of the blind,
for he devotes the greater part of his profits
to the publication of Esperanto books
printed in the raised Braille character.
Of the advantage to the sightless of all
rations of having the literature of the
world in @ common and easily learned lan-
guage there needs no detailed description.

Another friend of the Esperanto blind is
Mile. E. Zabilon d’Her, who is associated
with Prof. Cart in this work. Abbé E.
Peltier publishes Kepero Katolika for Roman
Catholics. Alfred Michaux organized the
tiret Esperanto congress, which was held at
Boulogne-sur-Mer in 10905. Paul Fruictier
has written an Esperanto syntax in Espe-
ranto throughout.

The Esperantists had a good friend in
lor. Emile Javal, who died about four months
ago. He was an oculist. Seven years ago
he lost his eyesight, but continued his prac-
tice notwithstanding.

Patients had no hesitancy in describing
their symptoms to him and following his
prescriptions, and his colleagues frequently
conferred with him, so great was their
reliance on his knowledge of his specialty.
Dr. Javal became an ardent Esperantist
and helped to disseminate the movement
among his patients.

England comes next in importance as a
section of Esperantoland. William T. Stead
publishes Esperanto books, and though he
has declined to learn it he is favorable to it
and boosts it cheerfully in his periodicals.
Joseph Rhodes and John Ellis, who have
just completed an exhaustive English-Iis-
peranto dictionary, are the hardest working
and most self-denying English Esperantists
in England, but their big card there is the
Hon. Lieut.-Col. John Pollen, C.1.E., V.D.,
LL.D, J.C.8. (80 far to date), president of
the British Esperanto Association.

The Colonel has been making a tour of
india, where he tried to convert the tawny |

|

 

 

Hindu to a simplified grammar, but he had
' hasten back, for he is one of the “Trio
Por la Tria”--the three who have in charge
the third Esperanto Congress, to be held at
‘uibridge August 10 to 17. The other two
are G. Cunningham and H. Bolingbroke

‘

ihe ecitor of The British Esperantist is
ink. A. Millidge, who has just taken the

of Alfred &. Wackrill, Mr. Millidge
recog been the first editor when the paper
wo and a half years ago, and Mr. |

‘hrill suceumbing to ill health. ¢ E. Cefec |
nounced Tehefeteh) is a Londoner, |

u ‘co his name, and is responsible for the |
! thousands of little pocket keys in |
languages for ksperanto, and on |

by the way, he has spent a great deal |

‘! Money, since they ave sold at only a |
!

|

'

|

'

! price,
> Sagle Sehaier is an English Esper-
ind is Wait Known for her enthusiasm,
‘ te by

~ al

(Connor, who has written a
and who compiled, with C.F.
the first English-Esperanto diction-
‘late A, Motreau, who made an Espe-
Lnglish dictionary, and Felix Mos- }
Sotne of these names do not sound
‘oglu Saxon, but their owners are

tited with the Esperan(o movement in
satel

}
|
!
SWlas are willing victiina to Espe-

‘|, especially since the second congress |
' gathered last summer in Geneva. |
Most noleworthy Swiss Esperantist |

8 brederiek Schneeberger, a stout man |
‘oo an immense black beard, who has |
}

>
i

4atopted shorchand to the language and

reported for his paper, Hlugila Stelo
“ged Stan. which is printed in his
oeraphic system entirely, the Ps; eranto
“-ecches which he took in shorthand af
tho Geneva congress.

H. Hodier of Geneva has translated !

ale

} end

Bernardin de Saint-Pterre's
Virginia” into Esperanto and is one of

the editors of the Young Heperantit. Dr.

“Paul and

Kenard edits the Swiss Nupe.
The Germans are inclined to be cool
to Zamenhof's language, but there are

many Espefantista of international note |

| in that country. Jean Bore} in Berlin is

'
the editor of the German Eeperantist and |

a large publisher of booke relating to the
affair. L. EB. Meier of Munich and Dr. |
Mybs of Hamburg are others. ‘The tirst !
German Esperantist pioneers are now |
dead; they were L. Einstein of Nuremberg |
and W. H. Trompeter of Schalke. |
Among the Russians Anton Grabowski |
and Alexander Dombrovski have done |
considerable translating, the latter having |
|

| given birth to an original mathematical

treatise in Esperanto entitled “Concern-
ing @ Kind of Curved Line.” . Dr. Asnes
is the editor of the Russian Kaperantixt

Some other Russian and Polish Espe-
1antists are Dr. Casimir Bein, who trans-
lates over the nom de plume of “Kabe";
Leopold Blumenthal, F. Avilov, Dr. Os-
trowski and Alexis Brzostowski. It is
just as easy to pronounce these names in ;
Esperanto as in the liquid tongue of Siberia. |

Hungary contains one of the smartest |
Eaperantists in Europe-—Paul de Lengyel.
He has written an agricultural {calendar
in the universal language and evolves in-
genious puzzles in Esperanto; squares,
diamonds, charades, rebuses and acrostics. '
With De Lengyel Esperanto seems to be as
pliable as syrup, sugar and eand in the
hands of a Coney Island candy puller.

In the Balkans Messrs. Oreshkow’ and
Atanasow are prominent. There are some
Bulgarian Esperantiste. Jonko Davidoff
is a Silistrian professor who has written
“The Evolution of Esperanto.” And in
Athens, Greece, Dr. Dragoumis sprinkles
his native salt into his Esperanto writings.

The best known Esperantist in Sweden |
is Dr. P. Ahlberg, editor of Into Eaperanto.
P. Nylen is a Swede with a big mustache
and an inclination to indulge in humorous
book reviews. Alf Johnsen is a young
Norwegian Esperanto propagandist who
looks like an American college boy.

Bordighera, in Italy, contains a gray
haired woman Esperantist named Rosa
Junck, a professor of languages. Dr.
Rafaelo Bagnulo is the young editor of
Brothers and Sisters in EKeperanto, the
journalistic medium of the language in
Naples.

Spajn is very friendly. Sefior A. Lopez
Villaneuva has compiled dictionaries and
a text book for his countrymen; Capt. V.
Inglada is the editor of the Spanish Sun,
and Seftor Ricardo Codorniu has founded
an Eaperanto society in Murcia. Portugal
has not manifested much interest in Es-
peranto, though the Portuguese in Brazil
are enthusiastic.

Prof. F. Villareal in Lima, Peru; Dr.
Vargas in Mexjco, A. P. Beauchemin in
Montreal, Canada; J. Coox in Duffel, Bel-
gium, who is the editor of the Belgium Bell;
Luis E. Sepulveda Cuadra in Santiago,
Chile; Dr. Gustavus Busustil in Malta, Th.
Thorsteinsson in Reykjavik, Iceland; Fred-
erick Skeel-Giorling in Aalborg, Denmark,
and a turbaned gentleman of the name of
Adinarajana Chettier in Chi Damburan,
Hindoostan, are some other Esperantists
known to fame.

“Where do we stand?” Answer: Notin the
front ranks of Esperanto. We inhabitants
of Upono—the new Esperanto word for the
citizens of the United States of North
America, the adjective is usona—have not
distinguished ourselves yet.

In Seattle, Wash., lives the first man who
translated Dr. Zamenhof's grammar into
the English language, and he added some
admirable explanatory comment, to wit,
R. H. Geoghegan. but he is an English
by birth. No real American has yet pub-
lished between covers the translation of any
national classic into Esperanto, yet here is
a line of books, from Emerson's Essays to
Mark Twain's “Tom Sawyer,” patiently
waiting to join Shakespeare, Oliver Gold-
smith, Charles Dickens, Moliére, Cervantes
and the Grimm brothers on the Esperanto
shelves. Many Americans, especially New
Yorkers, seem to regard Esperanto only as
an ideal movement and are apparently
waiting for its practicability to be more
obvious.

However, we have two Esperanto papers,
the American Esperanto Journal in Boston,
L' Amerika Esperantisto in Oklahoma City.
The former is edited by J. F. Twombly, who
has done a great deal tO-epread the lan-
guage here, and by Dr. William Gray Nowell,
the assistant secretary of the American
Esperanto Association. F. O. Baker edits
the Oklahoma Esperanto organ.

There are thirty affiliated organizations
in this country, with a membership of
perhaps 1,500in theaggregate. The liveliest
is the one in Philadelphia, whose president,
Prof. A. M. Grillon, has founded a_ dinner
club of twenty members who speak nothing
but Esperanto from soup to cigars. He
represents ue at Cambridge in August, as
he did at Geneva last year.

Dr. Max Talmey, an oculist and language
expert, is the president of the New York
society, and the author of “Practical’ and
Theoretical Esperanto.” Some ardent
Yankee Esperantiste are Dr. D. 0. S. Lowell
of Boston, Mass.; Prof. Viles of the Ohio
State University and Stephen W. Travis of
Tenafly, N. J.

Recently, as one learns from the American
Esperanto Journal, two Filipinos joined the
beginners’ class of the Ohio State Univer-
sity Club. One of them scampered through
fifteen exercises the first evening and forth-
with ‘egan to address the instructor in
Esperanto. Truly, this was “putting it all
over the professor” in éarnest.

'
|

GRAMM AROF INDIAN LANGU AGES,

Elaborate and Diticult—How the Order
of Words Differs.
From the Scientific American.

Prof, A. l.. Kroeber of the University of
California declares that Indian lang ages
are nol a jargon, as is popularly believed,
In a pamphlet recently fasued on the Yukuts
and Yuki languages he affirms that Indian
languages possess an elaborate and difficult
grammar, (hough this is unknown to the
Indians themselves and must be extracted
by the investigations of scientists,

The two languages which Prof. Kroeber
selected for experiments had absolutely no
similiar words. ‘They are more different than
English and Russian. The Yukuts and tie
Yuki are rot even in territorial contact and
show no signs of common origin The Yuki
live in northern California in the Coast Range;
and the Yukut» are located in the interior
of south central California, in the southern
of the San Joaquin Valley. Though
Prof. Kroeber found that the grammatical
structure of their languages was identical at
nearly every point, the words were wholly
dissimiliar, The two languages are like
Lousos on the same paw, bur of different
material,

The sentence structure employed in the

two languages is full of interest. The order
of words differs quite thoroughly. In Yukute
the adjective precedes the noun, in Yuki

it follows. Yukuts tend to place the verb
at the head of the sentenee, Yuki at the end
The numerical systems of the two languages
are radically different. ‘That of Yukuts is
decimal, of \uki quaternary.

It is noted by Dr. Kroeber that California
has more totally distinct Indian languages
per square mile than any other State. The
reason for this great variety of janguages has
uvyer beeo properly accounted ‘for. -

oom. - -

Ph es pane a at

\

POEMS. WORTH READING.

The Soul Weigheor.
Who'll bridge the sweet briar’s drop of dew?
Who'll analyze the ether blue?

Who'll tell the beads of trembling Nght
On wastes of Mowers this summer night’

Who'll find the rainbow's misty source?
Who'll follow comets im their course?

Who'll mount on rays from yon pale moon,
And pluck from spheres their silver tune?

He who would probe the throbbing cells
Where life's inviolate mystery dwells,
AbA Fosten Murrar.

 

 

Our Quiet Brooklyn Fiat.
Our quiet little Brooklyn flat ‘
Is just the kind to please; e
Here could I spend my leisure
Writing verses worse than these,
But - °
A teething baby occupies
A flat just in the rear,
A parrot hangs upon the wall
And a cockatoo dwells near.
The Janitors family cat below
Is wo popular by half,
And a man above who's lost his jeb
Mas found a phonograph.

In front there ts an open space,
A cooling breeze floats tn;

I take my pencil in my hand
Ait ready vo begin,

When

The teething baby in the rear
Inaugurates a squall,

The cockatoo he takes ft up
And the parrot on the wall

In merriment, as is his wont,
Pours persifiage and chaff

Upon the infant, cockatoo,
The cate and the phonograph.

These summer nights how cool they are
When I retire to rest
And sleep the deep untroubled sleep
Of one so greatly blest!
Until—
The teething baby whoops it up,
The cate “Martar” tease,
The cockatoo swears in Spanish
And the parrot in Portuguese.
Is it to cuss, is It to weep,
Or maybe It's to laugh?-—
When the jobless man who cannot sleep
Turns on bis phonograph.

Here could I dwell in sweet content

* And always bappy be.

But—I wonder can I get this ad-
Vertisement printed free?

Wanted—

A modest little room or two .
Behind a botler shop,

With nobody in a flat behind,
Below or up on top;

No feathered neighbors tm the rear,
Ne cats te congregate,

But a quiet little railroad yard
With passenger cars and freight.

To the Agent.

There's a chap who rings my doorbell with amas-
ing frequency

And his visits are conducive to protracted poverty,

Far he holds me up and robs me without any especial
fuss

He ts such a sweet, soft spoken, gentle voiced, per -
suasive cuss.

First he comes to sell me matches, and this super -
human trick

Is accomplished through an accent that would
liquefy a brick.

Then he offers patent wringers, life insurance,
mining stock,

Anything at all, and leaves me when I'm empty as
a crock,

He can make me sign an order, just through that
seductive tone,

‘For most any fool contraption from a puzzle to a
throne,

 

He solicits ald and gets It, for the poor both great
and small,

And sometimes he doesn't have to mention any
cause at all.

He's a ocrackerjack, that fellow, and he numbers
quite a few;

I have seen him by the hundreds, and most likely
so have you. \ :
But although the things he sells me keep me always
in a muse
Here’s my warm congratulations to the mild, per-
suastve cuss!
L. 3. WaTErnovse.

 

A Vote of Thanks.
O Katydld, we hear once more
Your statement to creation,
Nor have the searching years that sped
Produced elaboration.
In vain wo try to piece It out,
We cannot guess your story;
We do not know what was the deed,
If one of shame or glory.

But In this most affected age
Which change of style dispenses,

Your plain, unvarnished statement brings
Refreshment to the

Whatever your achievement was,
Of little note or weighty,

At least you are not Kathryn yet,
But stick to good old Katy.

McLanDBUROE Wriaon.

 

Sweee Vagrom Days of Life.
I know a path that leads away
Far from the busy haunts of men.
Where little children came to play
And frolic tn the shady glen.
Ab! long ago I sung with them
The songs tgelr children sing to-day.

I know a brook that leaps along
The meadow and the pastureland;
In days ago tg merry song
Made music; and again ! stand
And listen to the meadow brook
Make music—and my beart grows strong.

I roam a vagrom as before
Beyond the valleys and the bills,
While with the wandcrers of yore
My heart renews the olden thrills;
I frolic In the shady glen
Andam a boy with boys once more.
Homack SEYMOUR KELLER,

The Tourist.

From the Denver Repubdlican,
Who fills the ) gammnes time with glee?
e .
Who ee a on land and sea?
e tourtst.
Who starts, with toothbrush and a comb,
To Italy, or maybe Nome?

Who never leaves his kodak home?
The same chap.

Whe, wense field glasses on his hip’

e tourist.
Who likes a white sult for a trip’
The tourtst.
Who from the sandwich can't be weaned?
Who is a hopeless t card fiend?
Who's always pretty nearly “cleaned”?
The identical individual,

Who “does” a big town tn a day?
The tourist.

Who looks on travel as mere play’
The tourist.

Who wanders far afield alone?

Who likes to hear descriptions drone

Through “seeing” spleler's megaphone’
The game optimistic explorer.

"Dog Days.

From the Somerville Journal
You're testing rather limp to-day,
ha t -a = to-day

Yor haven't an be °
is Bout
The mercury’s at ninety-two,
4 thin haze dims the heaven's biue.

‘The atmosphere is sultry—whew!
° It’s hot!

 

 

There's not a breath of alr to-day,
It’s hott

Nor comfort anywhere to-day,
It's hot!

‘The leaves hang limp upon the trees,
Unstirred by any cheering breeze,
"Most everybody's tlkat case-—

It’s hot!

The streets are white with dust to day,
It’s hot!
If it were only Just to-day!
- It’s not!

Yor dog days have arrived again.

That torment to the sons of men,

That melancholy season when
It’s hot!

So a Firefly.
You finany tittle meteor,
When summer nights are ripe,
Ofan exalted Personage
You are the prototy pe.

 

Your antics catch the eyes of men
When genius suffers dearth—
The greater lights are in the skies,

Kut you are of the earth,

You touch upon 4 thousand things
And wander every whore,

Kut when the tale of all is done
You still are up in alr.

And yet you are no trusty guide
Amid the night se blind,
ror whovan tell which way you go’
Your light is on behind,
nt eneetiet: aap Whos.

|
|

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.

What ts the origin of the title “the great Pan
Jandrum” which used to be applied to the Renee?
aren H, RAR.

 

It is “the Grand Panjandrum” and it was not
applied to the New York police. In that regard
it has been confused with the term Pantate, which
appeared in the testimony of the Leaow inquiry
a6 applied to a captain of police, was gleefully
caught up into popular vogue, but falled to effect
4& permanent lodgment In our speech, The Grand
Panjandrum |» enshrined in a delicious bit of non-
sense which has been preserved, of all places, in
several serious works upon the human intellect.
Samuel Foote, English actor and playwright at
the mid eighteenth century, wrote the piece and

| Challenged the actor Macklin to commit it to mem-

ory in twelve minutes. The whole piece runs
as follows: “So she went into the garden to cut
@ cabbage leaf to make an apple pie, and at the
same time @ great she bear coming up the street
pops its head imto the shop. What! no soap?
So he died and she very imprudentiy marricd

} POLITICAL NOTES,

B. B. Odell, Jr.'s friends in the New York
Republican State committee say that the
time is rapidly approaching when he is to
return to his old place as chairman of the
committee, succeeding Timothy L. Woodruff.
Mr. Odell himself is quoted as saying: “If I
do succeed Mr. Woodruff it will be with Mr.
Woodruff's acquiescence.” This remark led

 

aspirations to a seat in the United States
Senate could easily find a way to enter into
such a combination and it is known that
Senator Raines and others have declared
that “Odell and Woodruff must get together.”
Mr. Odell, though, according to up-Staters,
is very unpopular with Republicans above
the Bronx line and they are opposed to any
| arrangement by which Mr. Odell could suc-
| ceed Mr. Woodruff as State chairman,

Enthusiastic supporters of Gov. Hughes of

 

| the barber: and there were present the Picka- | New York have started on a Western tour in

|

 

© ieee

ninnies and the Jobililiies and Gargulles and
the Grand Panjandrum himecif with the little
round button at the top; and they all fell to playing
catch as catch can till the gunpowder ran out
of the heels of their boots.”

Who was the author of the statement that there

 

are no two words in the English age exactly
alike? Can you give as gn example a sentence
in which the words begin commas would not
have the same meaning? Vv. McALasTen,

We have no idea who would venture upon such a
statement. An examination of any list of syno-
nyms will disclose any amount of interchangeable
words in our speech. It could not be otherwise,
for English is a composite of the speech of many
tribes, and all through its history ft bas adopted
words from any source, provided they secmed of
velue. Begin and commence mean exactly the
same thing, the only difference between them being
oce of origin, begin coming from a Teutonic source
acd commence from a Romanic. The only reason
why begin is generally preferable to commence
is by way of recognition that English is a Teutonic
speech at base. There has been at times a slight
distinction between the two words, but that has
passed out of use. Defoe frequently employs such
an expression as “I commenced merchant”; this
means in current English “I set up in business,”
but “I began merchant” fs not used fn that sense.

 

For obvious reasons one hates to say that
another lies, yet there are occasions when tnveracity
needs to be noticed. Avoiding the shorter “and
oarer word,” can you su t some way out which

ll neither be actionable nor yet a casus be
yet will show that the false statement has been
at least teed? VERITAS.

Never did Mar get gentler handling than In this,
from Robert Browning's “Ferishtah's Fancles”:

Lied is a rough phrase: say he fell from truth
In climbing towards It.

And in classing lies, for lies are manifold, one
may remember the list in T. E. Brown's “The
Doctor”:

There's lies that’s skinny, and lies that's fat;
Add lies in fustian, and lies tn silk,

And lies like verjuice, and les like milk;

And lies that's free, and Hes for sale,

And rumpy lies without a tall;

Lies that’s sweet, and lies with a stink at them:
Lies like the dew that'll go if you wink at them.

Kindly let us know ff there can be under any
circumstances such @ date as Feoruary S30, 1004.
J, SHERMAN.
Certainly not, as long as/validity continues to
attach to a certain familiar rhyme which fs incu!-
cated in most elementary arithmetic books. It
would be interesting to uncover some record of 4
widespread manual mnemonic system for estab-
Meshing the short months. It ts accomplished by
clenching the left fst and stepping two Sngers:
one after the other, along the knuckle and inter-
vals while repeating the names of the months In
order, and after stepping off the knuckle of the
little finger resuming progress on the first finger
knuckle where the began. All months that
correspond to a knuckle are long months, all that
fall in the space between the knuckles are short:
This Uked to be taught to very young chidren ia
English schools.

What ts It that In pepeier superstitions Is a! eo
as the cause when the cars burn? E. J.T.

Somebody's talking about you. It's casy to
imagine a plausible reason for the belief. When
some one present ts talking the ear hears what Is
sald. When the ear is otherwise excited tt Is natural
to charge It up to the talking of some one absent,
and all things sald that one does not hear a common
small suspicion ts prone to class as derogatory. A
fine old superstition this, for the burning of the
ear or something similar ts far older than our clvill-
zation. In the “Natural History” of the elder Pliny
(xxvill., 5) it Is recorded as already old that “It is
generally admitted that the absent know through
the ringing In the ears that people are listening to
stories about them.”

 

Kindly give me date of the death of Mrs. Paran
Stevens and the subjects of some of her writings.
AccuracY.

Mrs. Paran Stevens left her impress upom her
time but scarcely upon its literature. Probably
reference is intended to Mrs. Ann Sophia Stephens,
who died in 1686 after writing many things. In
Allibone's dictionary the list of her titles amounts
to thirty-two entries. In addition to these novels
and poems Mrs. Stephens edited several now for-
gotten magazines. Between the ‘Ladies’ Com-
plete Guide to Crochet, Fancy Knitting and Needle-
work” and “Mahaska, the Indian Princess,” her
facile pen covered a wide feild, but there is scarcely
a tite which the mention of her name recaiis.

What city is !t that is known as the town of the
twenty-one nations? I heard the expression
once im conversation, neglected to Identity
it at the time and bave never since been able to get
on the track of it. HARRIET MERWIN SANDS.

It does not appear tn any list of popular nick-
names of towns to which access has been had.
It ls probably reminiscent of a poem on Cape
Town by Edgar Wallace in “Writ in Barracks:
The Song of the Town.”

Sing hey! for the town and its dress,
The garbs of the twenty-one nations:

The KaM™r tn blanket—and less,
The lady in Parts creations,

 

What day was observed popularly in the Middle
Saee as Adam's birthday or name feast or some-
thing of that sort’? J. 8.

1¢ does not appear that the anniversary was
ever widely celebrated, and for obvious reasons
the proto-parent has not been canonized. But
there can be no doubt as to the day. According
to medieval chronicles Adam was created on a
Friday corresponding to March 25, the first day
of the year in the old reckoning and still observed
as the feast of the Annunciation. The determina-
tion of the date Is partly theological, but for
the more part a triumph of astrology.

Kindly tell what disposition was made of the
body of Gen. Grant between his death at Mount
MoGregor, N. Y..on July 23, 1885, and his Interment
in the temporary vault on Riverside Drive? Did
his remainsever leave New York State for the West,
and was the parade and service in Chicago a funeral
or merely a memorial” M. T. H.

The body of Gen. Grant was placed tn Its coffin
at Mount McGregor on July 30 and left that place
on August 4, On August 6 it lay In state In the New
York City Hall and was buried August 6 During
this interval memorial services were held In many
cities and smaller communities,

What fine is imposed on a vessel on which a pas-
senger has died at sea’ J.J. SMILLIE,

The navigation law as {t existed in 182 provided
that within forty eight liours after arrival or within
twenty four hours after entry of a vessel the master
shall pay to the collector of customs at the port of
entry $10 for cach passenger above the age of 8
years who shall have died through natural disease
on the voyage, anid the penalty for neglect to make
such payment is $50 In addition to the $10. It Is
not stated that the payment Is intended as a fine,
however.

Are the rivers known as the Fast and North any
part of the Hudson’ INQUISITIVE

The North River ts the Hudson fpr the whole
distance of the common application of the term
North, say a6 faras Tappan Zee: justas there yet re-
main those in the Jerseys who call the Delaware the
South River. The Past River, purely a tidal stream,
may be regarded as an aMuent of the North River
as seen at the Battery or as a branch If one views
its Harlem tribu y at Spuyten Duyvil.

How Is lése majesté pronounced? G.W. B,

In the absence of special type it may be fairly
represented by laze mazhestay. Wut there is no
particular reason why onc should alm to reproduce
the French, for English law has always had the
naine lese majesty from the time that Glanvil was
first put Into the vernacular. One might just as
reasonably employ the German Mayjestiitsveleid-
igung.

My brother's son Is named for me. Is the chiid’s
name Walter Otis Loomis 2d or Walter Ouls Loomis,
Jr. 1 argue that it cannot be the latter since
itts not my cbild. WaLTer OTs Loomis,

Purely a matter of usage, for there is no law to
cover It. In England, whence the usage has come
over t us somewhat recently, the junior Is reserved
for the direct line of descent, the ordinal numerais
for collaterals, as in this Instance.

What steps are to be taken to put on the market
an article containing drugs? To be specific, where
must the formula be registered? Where can |
obtain a copy of the law covering such rogimry’

BA

Under the pure food and drug act the full in.
formation may be had by addressing the chemical
division of the Department of Agriculture in Wash.
ipgien. — ~ oe

wee ee eee

; the effort to bring about the Governor's nom-
j ination for President next year.

Supreme Court Justice John Woodward of
Jamestown, N. Y., ten years in the Appellate
Division of the Second Department, is talked
about for the Republican nomination for
Governor next year. Justice Woodward, the

, Republicans remark, is a great vote getter
because of his cheerful, cordial ways and abili-
ties,

William F. Sheehan, former Lieutenant-
Governor of New York, speaking of Alton B.
Parker's recent visit to the Southern States,
says that Judge Parker has been growing in

! public estimation for the last two years.

Speaking of Massachusetts, it is declared
that if Senator Lodge has the say the delega-
tion to the Republican national convention
will be for Taft or for any other man favored

' by President Roosevelt—in fact, a Roosevelt
delegation, ready to do the President's will.
With Senator Crane on top the Massachusetts
delegation will be unha red by instructions
for any candidate and to combine with
other delegations similarly fixed in a move-
ment to do what might seem best for the party
rather than what was desired by the President.

 

The Foraker-Dick people in conversations
insist that Secretary Taft's views on the
tariff will hurt him in Ohio. Indeed the Fora-
ker-Dick adherents declare that Mr. Taft
is as much a low tariff man as Grover Cleve-
land.

Tillman declaring that Bryan lacks tact
reminds me,” said a Prohibition politician
several evenings ago, “that some of our
greatest temperance advocates have been
our greatest drunkards. They speak from sad
experience.”

Senator John Raines tells his friends that
a great, deal of New York State money has
been practically wasted in recent years in
maintaining the office of the Superintendent
of the Metropolitan Elections District and
that the number of convictions for illegal
registration and voting has not been com-
mensurate with expenses of the bureau.
The Senator's further comments were to the
effect that while any number of arrests have
been made the convictions have been few
and very expensive to the State.

William R. Hearst, Bryan's friends are
recalling, made a formal announcement at
San Antonio on Noveinber 18 last as follows:

“I will never again be a candidate. I shall
continue to live in New York and advocate and
support the principles of reform which I
have always stood for, but those principles
are now sufficiently understood by the general
public for it to be no longer necessary for me
to be a candidate.”

|

|

'

|

'

{

 

RECORDS OF ANCIENT CITY,
Hidden by Official 1,700 Years Ago—An-
tiquities of Central Asia.

Dr. M. A. Stein in Geographical Journal.

My first objective was the ancient site in
the desert north of Niva, where in 1901 I had
discovered the remains of a settlement aban-
doned in the latter half of the third cegpury
A. D. Want of time and adequate labor had
then prevented me from clearing some of the
ruins more deeply buried by drift sand; sub-
sequent roamings of “treasure seekers” had
led to the discovery of other homesteads
hidden away among the high sand cones on
either side of the main groups.

Working with as large a party of laborers
as I could keep supplied with water from a
distance of some twenty miles, I cleared now
close on thirty more dwellings. They yielded
ample antiquarian spoil, including many
implements and household objects illustra-
tive of everyday life seventeen centuries ago.
The numerous relics of industrial art and
architectural woodcarving cledrly reflect the
predominant influence of Greco-Buddhist
art as developed on the Indus.

Finds of records, written on wooden tab-
lets, in the Kharoshti script peculiar to the
extreme northwest of India, and in an early
Indian dialect mixed with a good deal of
Sanskrit, have been abundant. Among these
records, generally in excellent preservation,
all kinds of correspondence, official and pri-
vate, deeds, accounts, &c., seem to be repre-
sented.

A “haul” of special importance was secured
in the comfortable residence of a local official
who, besides leaving files of papers, i. e.,
tablets scattered on the floor of his office
room, had taken care to hide quite a small
archive, undoubtedly documents of value,
below one of its walls. From the way in
which the place of deposit was contrived and
marked it appears highly probable that the
house was abandoned in some emergency.

All the deeds, &c., found here still retain
their original wooden covers and string
fastenings in perfect condition. Among the
dozens of intact clay seals which attest these
documents impressions from Graco-Roman
intaglios prevail. Their appearance side by
side with Chinese seals seem to symbolize,
as it were, the part played by Scythia extra
Imaon in the early cultural interchange be-
tween the classical West and the Far East.

Near several of the ruins the ancient
orchards, fenced gardens, canals, 4c., could
be traced with great clearness, showing how
little the eonomic conditions differed from
those of the present oases. On the other
hand, surveys effected in the desert beyond,
showing the course and extent of the river
from which this ancient colony drew its
irrigation, strikingly illustrated the great
physical change which has taken place here
since the settlement was abandoned.

 

PLANTED,

Work of the Past Year on Up-State Forest
Reservations.
From the Utica Press.

The planting time on the State forest reser-
vations for the year has closed and operations
in the fleld are suspended, although a corps
of men is maintained at each of the three
nurseries, Beginning in 1905 the State has
Planted on barren tracts several million trees.
On one plantation alone, that on the line of
highway three miles north of Paul Smith's,
the State has planted a million young trees,
of which 300,000 white pine were brought from
Germany.

At Lake Clear is planted a forest of 300
acres, while another toward Saranac Lake
embraces 400 acres. On the two there have
been planted upward of 5,000 trees of each of
the following varieties: White pine, Scotch
pine, Douglas fir, European larch and black
locust, They range in age from 2 to 4 years,
and thrive so well that only about 10 per cent.
have been lost, either in the long droughts
of the summer or the cold weather of the
winter.

Near Saranac Lake, on the Lake Placid
road, is a new forest planted by the Stute
commission. The work was begun in 1905,
when 100,000 trees were set out, and the plant-
Inge of each year since have been 100,000
rees,

‘the plantations of the
well travelled highways call entrant an ee
tention of tourists who journey through the
region either in & motor car or a coach, The
around on which the plan forests stand
was denuded waste, clear by re
forest fires until it became as clear of eo
a cultivated fleld. Tall ferns or brakes had
grown each year from the soil, and here and
there a few porler trees had started from
food oid careled be the bird’ fort te ite
e >
conc it w tld’ have been vet (oie

i before the land would h
ears eo hen apie aie

MILLIONS OF TREES

—— eee

to the statement that Mr. Woodruff in his |

a

—

THE OCEAN'S TEEMING LIFE.

Immense Numbers of the Herrings—What
They Live On.

Gases Bastin, Canada, Aug. 1.-A trip
with the fishermen who go to meet the great
armies of herring on their leisurely semi-
annual migration to the spawning grounds
is a revelation in the way of affording a con-
— of the immense number of these
fish.

It is even exciting to catch a sight of the
herring school for the firat time. .The sea
glitters far as the eye can reach with the
reflected sheen from the silver sided multi-
tude, The air vibrates with the wings of
innumerable gannets and other gulls,
swooping as often as appetite calla to
snatch another meal from the prodigal pro-
vision beneath. There is a splashing,
romping fringe on three sides of seals,
white, piglike porpoises, little blue herring
sharks, with now and then the flukelike tail
of a grampus, standing bolt upright a dozen
feet out of the water.

The great curtain nets, as well as the
seines, have to be of the stoutest materials,
or they would be, as indeed they often are,
smashed by the dead weight of the multi-
tude. The side ropes and meshes are at
certain seasons encrusted several inches
thick with herring spawn, which gives the
water a milky appearance for miles. But
all this does not give one such an idea of
the amazing size of these silverclad armies
of the sea as does a walk on the beach in
some of the New Brunswick coast coun-
ties after a heavy gale in the spawning
time. The eggs of the herring fall at that
season through the water, and in gummy
clusters affix themselves to rocks and stones
at the bottom.

Each one is about a quarter of an inch in
size, protected by a fairly stout gelatinous
slightly horny shell. These are often
thrown out by heavy galesand lie upon the
shore knee deep. Farmers busy them-
selves for days carting these eggs to their
fields, where they forma valuable manure.

An observer in Pleasant Bay,on the Mag-
dalen Islands, reported that the sand was
“covered two or three feet deep with them
for several miles.” No uninstructed person
could believe that these incredible masses
of marine flotaam were of animal origin.
There are thousands of tons of them, each ton
aggregating millions of potential herrings.

The shoals of herrings are never ap-
preciably ler, in spite of the vast
quantities of spawn thus destroyed by
gales or high tides. Each herring, it has
lately been demonstrated, produces about
30,000 eggs each season. Theold naturalists
used to calculate the number as ten times
as great. ;

he fishermen take thousands of barrels
of mature herrings each year. The lobster
fishery alone uses 40,000 barrels for bait;
the cod fishery many times that number.
The manufacture of herring oil disposes
of immense numbers also. Each barrel
of fish produces nearly three gallons of
oil and a fifth of a ton of expensive fish
guano. Only the best fish are barrelled for
sale,

On the Pacific Coast the fish are even
more numerous than on this side of the
continent. In one year one of the Ameri-
can companies, the Alaska Oil and Guano
Company, shipped 172,000 gallons of herring
oil, 1,200 tons of guano and 192 barrels
of choice herrings. This represented about
60,000 barrels of herrings. Hundreds of
thousands of barrels are taken altogether
in American waters each year.

How these prodigious armies of fish get
their living in the sea has only been exactly
determined during the past few years. In
fact experiments to perfect the proof are
still going on along this coast.

Following to a logical conclusion the argu-
ment that all animal life depends directly
or indirectly upon the vegetable kingdom,
a dragnet composed of the finest sort of
bolting cloth used by millers was drawn
slowly behind a steamer across a bay. The
result was surprising. An acre of salt
water, it was discovered, produces about
as much vegetation in a year as an acre of
good meadow land.

One great naturalist has computed that
if one of a countless number of varying
minute organisms was allowed perfect
development without any counteracting
destruction for one month the product would
be a mass of protoplasm many times larger
than the sun. One little plant multiplies
iteelf by breaking in two about five times
aday and becomes mature in three hours.

An immense number of tiny animals
browse upon this rapidly increasing herb-
age, and together with it constitute plank-
ton, which is the scientific name for this
prepared ration of meat and greens dealt
out in amazing quantities at nature's free
lunch counter.

The herring family is provided with an
automatic straining apparatus of the utmost
fineness whereby as they breathe the
water through their gills they unconsciously
sift out their daily food. Thus they have
the happiness of feeding without effort
and of finding thein supplies without exertion,
and thus they stand at the very apex of
idealistic trampdom.

To one who knows the secret. of the green
coloring of the ocean the wonder is not how
do its countless animals get their living,
but how the amazing vegetation of the
plankton can possibly be kept under, even
by the multitudious grazing things which
throng those aqueous pasturages.

PIRATE LAFITTE’S TREASURE.

Its Hiding Place Has Been Pointed Out
in Dreams by Ghosts.
From the Houston Post.
Since the French privateer and smuggler
Jean Lafitte sailed the high seas and brought

 

* his treasures to the Gulf coast and buried
‘them, now and then it happens that some

|

 

sensation arises as to their immediate where-
abouts,

Thirty-four years ago the pirate of the gulf,
as Lafitte was called, appeared in a dream
to Dr. Beazly, and rather roughly taking him
by the collar told him to come with him
and he would show him where there were gold

and silver and diamonds buried. The doctor |

in his dream followed his midnight visitor
and he directed him to a certain place in the
cottage which was then the Beazly home
and occupied by the famliy and designated
the spot under which lies the much talked
of wealth of the privateer.

The doctor, having the same dream re-
peated twice in the same night, became wide
awake after Lafitte’s third visit and much
interested, the result being that he did, and
perhaps, too, very shortly afterward, begin
digging under the house in pursuit of the
treasure.

After getting to the depth of four or five
feet he found nothing of any moment except
a very unusual stone in this part of the world,
where nothing of its kind was ever seen here,

Had he kept on possibly the treasure might
have been found and the restless spirit of
Lafitte, wherever it may be, might have
been released from this burden of secrecy,
a burden from which, seemingly, he wished
to be relieved, as another visit. has been made
in the same house, and this time in a dream
Lafitte appears in the presence of a lady,
irging her to get the lost jewels, gold and
silver. i

After all these years Dr. Beazly has at
luat consented to have some one else who
believes in the undertaking join him to
find the treasures, and they have made ar-
rangements' satisfactory to all parties con-
cerned and now in a short time Mr. McKay,
a banker at La Porte, being the associate
mentioned, will begin operations to find
the tregsures stowed deep down under the

old! hewee. ed

 

INSTRUCTION,

On tn ee

: Kor Moys and Young Mea.

MANY BOYS FAIL TO PASS

Yor College tn June
because of the “rade” system of thelr schools
and a consequent lack of ftodividual care,
If they eapect to enter in September they
will fod on application that the

GROFF SCHOOL

228 West 72nd St., New York,
with Its carefully limited number of etu-
dents, offers unusual opportunities for rapid
progress during its Summer Session .
ginning Aug. Ist,

Few boys are stupid; they simply oeed
individual assistance of able teachers,

Location for summer or winter, the best—
near the Hudsen and surrounded by two of
New York's best parks,

Roarding an Day School.—Unusual
accommodations for a few more boarding
students for the summer and for the new
school year. Also day students,

Free use of argos and best equipped
gymnasium to be had in New York; also
swimming pool and athietlc feld-—all within
ten minutes’ walk from school, Systematic

parece exercise under most compe-
rector.

Decidedly a school for gentlemen only.
jending colleges, Annapolis and West Potnt.
Rates in accordance with superior advan-
tages offered,

ddress JOSEPH ©,
and of class 1803, 1). S, N.
St., New York City.

& t 3, or by sppolntimentt.

GROFF, A.B
A., 228 West 73nd
Summer office hours

"Phone 744 Col.

COLUMBIA
GRAMMAR
SCHOOL

FOUNDED-1764.

REMOVED

To its NEW FIREPROOF, BRICK «a8
STEEL BUILDING.

93rd Street and Central Park West.

New site most accessible and quiet; Laboratories,
Gymnasium and Playgrounds.
Boys prepared for all Colleges, Scientific Schools
and Busisess. .
144th Year Begins October 1.

CLASON POINT
MILITA °Y =ACADEMY

lason-on-the-Sound, New York City.
A CATHOLIC BOARDING SCHOOL FOR YS.
(1 hour from City Hall vila Subway and Trolley
A school that turns out useful, manly men,
Incorporated under the Board of Regents.
College and business preparatory school,
Directed by the Christian Brothers.
Library, laboratory, athletic feld, military drill,
Studies resumed Sept. ll. For prospectus address
BROTHER EDMUND, Director,

MANHATTAN COLLEGE

Christian Brothers, Boarding and Day Scholara,
Broadway and 13st St., New York.

COURSES LEADING TO B.A, & B.S.

Faagineering.

Modern Languages. General Science,
Fodesegtoal and Commercial Courses;
also a Preparatory Department.

Reo pens Sept. 11, BROTHER EDWARD, President,

DE LA SALLE INSTITUTE,

CENTRAL PARK SOUTH, NEW YORK CITY.
New York's Representative Catholic School.
Conducted by the Christian Brothers.
SCIENTIFIC AND COMMERCIAL COURSES.
REOPENS WEDNESDAY, SEPT. I1.

Military Drill, Gymnasium, Send for prospectus.

LIMITED NUMBER OF BOARDERS TAKEN,
SD

 

 

 

139-147 West Olst St.
FOUNDED 1700,
& HIGH SCHOOLS.
MENT.

PRIMARY, GRAMMA

UNEXCELLED Teoh.
PREPARES FOR ALL COLLEGES,
OPENS SEPT. 24D.

TRINITY ments. |
R

   

 

 

‘Kelvin School

New York,

nations. Individual Work. All subjects. bora.
tories, Cool building. Office hours; 9 to 1 and by
appointment, G, A. L. DIONNE, Head Master.

Business Colleges.

In March we purchased the
property at 123d Street end
Lenox Avenue (formerly the
Harlem Club) as @ perme-
ment home for the School.
The building,

ap-

pliances, represents an in-

vesiment of over $100,000,

It is worth seeing. Won't
you call?

Open during the entire

year. All Commercial
branches,

 

   
 
  
   
     
     
     
     

COMMERCIAL DEPT.

NEW VORK 7 sc

PREPARATORY"
the

SCHOOL. Individual."’

BUSINESS AND SHORTHAND.
Special Summer Rates.

125 WEST 424 STREET.

TD
STENOGRAPHY— Very effective summer coumve
for beginners. Speed lessons (law report
course) for ambitious stenographers, and 6
brief course of much advantage for literary work -
7s. Also lessons by Mail in elther course,
class work. EUGENE DAVIS, LL. B., expert
court, scientific and legislative reporter; form:
oficial Government reporter, official reporter °
ublican National Convention; reporter of debates,
Inited States Senate, for the Associated Press,
é&c.; 257 Sth av, Mention this newspaper.

 

Law Schools.
——
| 73rd Year opens

New York

if $e ing Sept.26ta
‘lout, Morn

? 1 9:30 to 12. A
University noon "Classes, 5:30 10%
Law School {Evening Classes, 5 10,10,

an _¢ Degrees LL.B., LL. le
Address LT Tompkins, Sec., Washington Sq., N.Y,
e  eenaseipteaanepenemmaenenenannennanannatnnnanmannnel

Sclentifleally Taught

(ON, 23 West 44th, and

PROF. DAL’

MUSICAL.

THE NATIONAL CONSERVATORY

OF MUSIC OF AMERIOA,
Founded by Mrs, Jeannette M. Thurber.
WASSILY SAFONOFP, Director.

23d scholastic year begins Sept. 4 Address
Sec'y, 47 West 25th St., N. Y. City.

    

BELL FROM THE SEA,
Sayed From a Wreck -Now Announces News
of Overdue Ships.

From the Scotaman,

Probably very few people are aware that
an old ship's bell which for many years has
lain under the sea is suspended in the uns
derwriting room at Lioyd’s and is used to
“announce” the arrival or other news re-
ceived in respect of overdue ships.

This is the bell of the frigate Lutine,
wrecked long ago off the Dutch coast. After
being under the water for years the bell was
salved and now, strangely enough, is em-
ployed to inform underwriters that some-
thing has been heard of one of those ships
which by their protrocted passages are
causing uneasiness

Not every ship that is on the overdve
market is ennounced in this manner, It is
only when an underwriter has expressed to
the committee his desire for immediate in-
formation in respect to this or that overdue
vessel that the note of the old black bell
rings through the rooms.

At the present time there are eleven ships
down on the list for announcement by the
Lutine bell, but some of these are so hope
leasly overdue (that it is practically certain
nothing further will be heard of them, The
big steel bark Alaternixe, for instance, heads
the list, She was formerly the British ship
Lord Templemore and was built at Belfast
This ship has not been heard of

in 1892,

since last November, when she sailed from
wt ‘elo bor Avatratia. ”

“4 i re

.

*~