= ” x
Se a See ee

= Soe
ee = eae

 

seal
*

RW

”

pein ig

eve =<

 

ue rn a tt i

Ps:

 

 
        
    
    
  
  
  
  
  
  

IRELAND'S WARRING PARTIES

THE UNITED IRISH LEAGUE AND
THE SINN FEINERS,

Werking for the Same Object, Says av
Agent of the Former, but Pulling in
Ojposite Direcions —Cattic Drives Car-
ried on With No Cruelty to Animals,

Pusan, July 17.--Ae regards organiza-
tion the situation in Ireland somewhat re-
sembles that in Russia. Various bodies
working toward the same common end
are in the field, and one pulls against the
other, to the detriment of the cause. The
anti-Home Rulers in Great Britain and
lreland feel assured that the divisions that
have sprung up in the Nationalist ranks
will largely relieve them of the necessity
of fighting against the dismemberment of
the empire, and they are satisfied that the
old dictum of “divide and conquer” still
holds good.

To. learn how the United Irish League
actually stands and what its intentions are
the writer called mpon Denis Johnston,
who has charge of the headquarters of the
organization in Dublin. Mr. Johnston be-
gan by lamenting that the Sinn Fein party
and the National Council had come into
antagonism with the league. The aime of
both bodies were identically the same until
the action of the Parliamentary party came
into question. The Sinn Feinera wanted
the Irish Nationalists to withdraw from
Parliament. and to head the agitation in
‘Lreland. Many strong reasons might be
urged against this course. In the first
place, the party must be in Parliament at
least once in the twelve months; and if they
abeented themselves the country would
be put to the trouble and expense of a gen-
eral election.

if they did withdraw Ireland would be
represented in the House by eighteen
Unionists, who would do what they liked
with the various Irish interests that are
brought up for discussion, such as the
amendment of the land act of 1908, the

.evicted tenants, the education question and

the finanoial relations between the two
countries. He might say that the ooun-
try was practically solidly againet the
withdrawal of the members. Mr. Dolan,
M. P.. bad expressed his determination to
resign bis seat and go up for reelection
on the Sinn Fein ticket; but he had not
resigned yet. He had held several meet-
ings, at each of which the people had in
the most emphatic way shown him that
they did. not agree with his policy. He
attempted to address a thousand people
-the other day. The people turned their
backs upon him, and in the end he had to
seek refuge in a police barrack.

Asked the strength of the Sinn Fein
party Mr. Johnston said it could not be
given. The two leading men connected
with it were John Sweetman, who was a
gtazier in the eounty Meath and a rancher
in Minnesota, and P. T. Daly. Mr. Sweet-
man continued to be a grazier, although
one. of the aims of the Sinn Fein was to do
away with the grazing system. It was
impossible to say what the strength of the
Sinn Fein party is, but it was a telling fact
that while police note takers attended the
meetings of the United Irish League they
were never to be seen at the Sinn Fein
neetings. It was hard to discover mem-~-
bers of the new organization in the districts
in which branches were said to exist.
Edward Martyn, the recently retired leader
of the society, was the first president of
the sectarian body known as the Catholic
Association, and the present leader is
Alderman Cole, who is to-day one of the
chief opponents of the same association.

With regard to the present position of the
United Irish League, Mr. Johnston declared
that since the rejection by the country af
Mr. Birrell’s bill it has become stronger than
ever It has 1,400 branches in Ireland and
™ branches acroas the channel in Great
Britain, while abroad, including America,
there is a vast auxiliary organization.
‘That the auxiliaries are more than senti-
inental was proved last year by the £74,000
sent to Ireland, mainly from the United
‘States.

Asked concerning the evicted tenants, he
said that of the tenants who had been evicted
on the plan of campaign estates, where the
people submitted to eviction as a protest,
about 8° per cent. had been reinstated on
their holdings, and the remaining 1? per
cent., who were still out, belonged to the
Clanricarde and Lewis estates in the county
Galway

The people were satisfied with the result
of the vattle drives, aud were confident that
next year the majovity of the grazing lands
would be in their hands. During the drives
hot the slightest crueity was ever practised
en # single animal The stock were
airuply criven from the grazing lands and

delivered tothe owner wherever they lived,
and a receipt asked for Ontside Birr,
when the drive wo% in progreas when the
lambs became tired the men carried them

on their shoulders, and he had even seen
fatigued sheep carried by the drivers.
Vhe animals were never scattered or driven
on to the roads to wander. In one case.
ia Whieh the owner lived about eight miles
from the ranch, the people drove the stock

to the police barracks, where they handed |

them ower vo the consicbulary, who gave a
receipt This proved two things—that the
peopde had w desire that the stock should be
wall treate! and that they were not afraid
of the conse quences of their actions. They
presented themselves to the police, know-
ing that they vould be identified
Concerning William O'Brien, Mr. Johnston
@aid that the party had cordially invited him

t6 return when the Birrell bill was rejecteu
and the country had declared solidly that
devolution was dead, and that nothing but
a clear measure of home rule would do
Before rejoining Mr. O'Brien would have

t cast devolution aside; but he did not seem
wclined to take this step
tion was one of difficulty

 

ete -_

|

|

Hence his posie |
Devolution was |

sill der glod before (he eves of the people,
and 4 waaa strioge fact that here and
thers nowspapers owned ostensibly by |
mon whe hod peo money had been started
sao further the policy. Where the capital

for the running of the papers came from
was one of the mysteries
‘ Abked if he had any expressions, par-
ticularly for America. Mr. Johnston said
that the league would be glad if the Amer-
feah people were given to understand that
their great efforts on behalf of Ireland
were fully appreciated. At home it was
felt that the people across the ocean were
keener than ever, and the league waa de-
termined that their confidence in those at
Home would not be misplaced. An ex-
fiaustive programme had been prepired
for ihe sgating in the coming fail and
.Wipter, when there would be, in addition
to other things. monster demonstrations
in aii parts of the country in furtherance
of the Home Rule propaganda. It was a
regre(table thing that the Sinn Fein party
hud sprung up to oppose the United Irish
league, and it was more particularly re-
grettable owing to the fact that the ends
of the two organizationa were identical.
the Sinn Feiners told the Jeaguers that
certain things should be done, but did
not say how they should be done. As for
thomeelves they were always denouncing
the Boer War, and circulated anti-enlisting

|

 

pamphlets at night, yet they allowed a
memorial arch to be erected to soldiers
who fought in the war without having
uttered a single word of protest, and none
of them had ever gone to jail for his anti-
army feelings § The league recognized that
it had a tough fight before it, but it was pre-
pared forit. Ata league meeting the ogher
day in Meath he had lighted a fire that he
hoped would spread. He had suggested
that when the Irish people could not get
a home manufactured article they should
Insist upon getting it of American manu-
facture, and the suggestion had caught on
in the country. As America helped Ire-
land, Ireland should so far as possible,
although she was not very big, help Amer-
loa.

 

LUNAOY IN TRELAND.

Causes of the Growing Number of Patients
im the Asylums for the Invane,

Dustin, July 26.—The lunacy question
in Ireland has lately received much atten-
tion. It has been asserted for a long time
that the people of Ireland have been steadily
degenerating mentally, and that the mad-
houses, which years ago were almost empty.
are now full to overflowing. Various
reasons have been given for this state of
things, ranging from the persecution
practised by the landlord down to the
abuse of tea.

The writer has made investigations in
moat of the county asylume and has made
inquiries among the people who could
throw light upon the matter, including
the doctors who look aftér the insane.
The information thus obtained indicates
that the people have lost their dread of
the poorhouse and the lunatic asylum,
just as the English people have lost the
same dread. Twenty years ago it was
considered a disgrace to have a relative
in either institution; now the feeling of
disgrace has disappeared.

Therefore when the farmer becomes
too old to look after his property and site
down in the chimney corner to smoke hie
life away and to chat with himeelf during
the process, his sons decide that he is
“queer,” or “off hia head,” and tney have
him examined and sent to the asylum.
He is thus provided with good quarters
and they save the expense of keeping him.
This ia one reason for the fulness of the
lunatic asylume ,

Other reasons may be supplied by the
lunacy dootors and their desire to better
themselves and their brethren. Each asy-
lum must have one dootor for a certain
number of patients, and as the patients
increase so does the strength of the medical
staff. Then a doctor having spent a short
time in an asylum and becoming unfit for
his work is pensioned off for life. One re-
sult of this is that the asylum doctors will
pass as insane anybody who exhibits signs
of eccentricity, however insignificant, the
main object being to employ as many
medical men as possible, each of whom
takes his pension when he considers that
his time has come.

As a matter of fact, I find that the mad-
house, which some time ago was dreaded
much more than the prison, is now pre-
ferred to the poorhouse, and itis asserted
that if a commission of independent mental
experts visited the asylums and examined
the inmates a large proportion of the pa-
tients would be discharged as not being
entitled to the hospitality of the estab-
lishments. As for the great Central Crim-
inal Lunatic. Asylum outside Dublin, it is
declared to be a notorious fact that most
of the inmates are sane.

To this asylum are sent prisoners con-
victed of violence or murder when the
juries find that they were insane at the
time their crimes were committed. Ihave
recently played cricket with those “dan-
gerous crimiual lunatics” in the asylum
and conversed with them. I have found
much less rational men in the clube and
streets of Dublin.

The agrarian war in the country has
been a long and serious one, and has no
doubt told upon a proportion of the people
who were evicted or dreaded eviction; but
statements that Ireland is fast turning
into a vast lunatic asylum must be taken
with a grain of salt

ROYALTY AND RELIGION.
Members of Reigning Families Who Have
Withdrawn From the World.

The latest member of a reigning family
to embrace a religious life is the Prince
of Loewenetein-Wertheim, who has just
gone into a monastery. He is well known
through his long activity in opposition
to duelling. He is now 74,and when one
considers how powerful an attraction
monastic life has had for hie family it
does not appear surprising that he took
the step. His only sister and two of his
daughters took up oonventual life long
ago. His sister, Princess Adelheid Loewen-
atein,is the widow of the Infante Miguel,once
a pretender to the throne of Portugal.
His eon, the Duke of Braganza, has just
announced that he will also make a claim

| to the throne of that disturbed country.

Among other religious members of reign-
ing families is Prince Max of Saxony,
brother of the reigning King, who is pro-
fessor of canonical law and liturgy at the
University of Freiburg. With the excep-
tion of those named only side branches

| of the reigning families are to be found

in religious life. The oconsistorial counsel
of the Cathedral of St. Stephen in Vienna
is Count Arnold zur Lippe, a cousin of
the reigning branch of that dynasty.
Among the members of the famous although
politically unimportant family of Lichten-
stein in Vienna who have gone into the
Church are Prince George, who aa Father
Iideson has become a member of the
Benedictine Order at Prague, and Princess
Henriette Lichtenstein, who under the name
-of Adelgundis has gone into the Bene-
dictine convent at Smichow in Bohemia.
Among the so-called mediatized families
there are many more examples, although
they are always Catholics. One may
search in vain for a Protestant dignitary
who has gone into the religious life. Prince
Frederic de Croy, who was not long ago
a very lively young officer of the guards
at Potsdam, is now a priest in the service of
the Po Two members of the Hohen-
lohe-Schillingsfuerst family have recent-

ly become priests. One, Prince Phillip,
who formerly held a high political post,
now « B ictine father, and Prinve hari

Egon, who is barely out of his teens, has
become a secular priest in the diocese of
Stebenburgen. There is of course a long
list of young women who have taken the
veil and among the most recent is the beau-
tiful Marie Schwartzenberg, daughter of
the Prince, who has become a Benedictine
nun, Sister Maria Woislawa, the daugh-
ter of Prince Lobkowitz, has just entered a
convent,and 60 have three sisters of Prince
Isonburg-Birstein, whose mother was an
Archduchese of Austria-Toecana.

Watch In Roots of Sumach Bush.

Mankato correspondence St. Paul Pioneer Preaa.

The gleam of gold attracted the attention
of Mrs, William Koke yesterday when she
examined the roots of a sumach bush that
she had pulled up on a lot adjoining her home
in the east part of the city, which she had
recently purch q

Close examination showed d watch
about which the fibrous roote of the shrub
intertwined.

he timepiece w in woe
condition, although ee evidently n

where found for years, The initiale”A. A, K.”

Up of ther inpwtery ‘ot ’how the waten bape
o a

pened te be inere’or ite Gwnerenip. ® "4

    

a SS Sl Se es ete cee cman SS ee SS eS Se SSS ———

  

  

THINGS THAT VEX PORTUGAL

A BUTTER IN, A KING AND NEW
IDEAS MAKE TROUBLE.

PolltUocal Burprises by a Dyspeptic Promier
—King Cartos’s Ale Income and Chany
pagne Appetite—Returned Brazilians
Disturb the Placid National Existence.

Lisson, July 21.—It is the custom in
the domestic economy of Portuguese
families that one boy shall become a priest
and another a Brazilian. A® race suicide
je rfot one of the troubles that threaten
the little nation, there is no serious obstacle
to the observance of this custom. Per-
hape it ie getting on the wane as regards
the priesthood, for the youth of the land

Pm ay a th aaa
PE re ae re
i , Mi i : P ye 7

 

-

THE SUN, SUNDAY, AUGUST 4, 1907.

residences and to have the full limit of
what any king may expect. The public |
revenues of Portugal don't come anywhere

 

ING ON BIS TRAVELS

SIAM’S K

   
 

near meeting euch tastes. And the people aay ay CHULALONGKORN WILL |

of Portugal, though they are not poor and
not over taxed, are not very willing to
indulge their King. Now Franco shows
a disposition to indulge the King's tastes.
Here again the influence of Brazil is felt.
The returned Brazilian Portugese could,
if he wuld, help the royal purse, by getting
himeeli created a viscount. A good many
of them do; but while their subscriptions
are useful they have the effect of antagoniz-
ing still further the demooratic sentiment
of the younger generation. It is not #o
much the republican idea as impatience
with the make believes of a little monarch.
The bonhommie that surrounds Carlos
in his frequent visits to foreign courts
does not prevent him from being a thor-

here as eleewhere leans nowadays to the | ough Saxe-Coburg-Gotha man in his etick-

material, to the aceptical side; but it holds

ling for ceremonial. When he went to

still good as regards the Brazilian, despite | England to attend Queen Victoria's funeral

all the fines and hindrances the Govern-
ment has set up against the emigration of
the young.

The movement that now disturbs Purtu-
gal and has surprised foreigners into ask-
ing what can be the matter has bebind it
as the prime factor the existence of the
returned Brazilian. He is not a protagonist
in the political fight; but his prosperity
and the ideas he has brought back with
him have captured the fancy of the younger
generation:

The country has been-controlled up to
now by an unbroken sequence of practical
politicians. The new man, Joas Franco,
ia unquestionably another of them, if of a
new kind.

He has broken in‘ upon the old arrange-
ment by which Ribeiro, the Conservative
leader, and de Castro, the Liberal leader,
used to take turns at the premiership by
mutual consent. Whether in opposition
or in office neither hurt the other very
much in the party strife, because each
knew too much about the other.

Their system was helped by the fact
that no great simple question is or has for
some years been before the country.
church issue, particularly the activity of
the Jesuits who have large institutions
here and were supposed to have the good
will of the Queen, was sharply discussed
till a dozen years ago, but it is assuredly
not one of the elements in the present situa-
tion.

What many Portuguese believe they
are seeing the beginning of now is the
fructuation of Canning's historic dictum
of a hundred years ago when South Ameri-
can States emerged politically into the
light, namely, that a new world had been
called into existence to redress the balance
of the old. The hopeful ones are looking
to new Brazil to redress old Portugal.

The leaders of both political machines
fear this new idea. They want Purtugal
to keep to the old way, the world forgetting,
by the world forgot.

The present Prime Minister and temporary
dictator, Joas Franco, takes a different
position. He has chosen to be the storm
centre of his own free will. His personality
must be taken seriously; for it is improbable
that he will have to be locked up in an
asylum, as one of his leading political
enemies has just assured me will be his
speedy end.

The redoubtable Franco is a good con-
firrnation of the proverb that when the
cunning man is thinking the simple man
is also thinking. In the spring of this year
the old time leaders of the ins and outs,
Ribeiro and de Castro, thought they could
and would finish with Franco,

He had a small personal following in
the Cortes and was very little known in the
country. His policy, if he had any, did not
then pretend to be any more high minded
and beneficent than Ribeiro's or de Castro's.
But he made up for his handicap of being
little known and having not much of a
machine behind him by showing indomi-
table energy and still more by showing no
regard at all for the feelings of his op-
ponents.

The Ribeiro and de Castro plan for getting
rid of him was to put him, with only his
small personal following for regular sup-
porters in the Cortes, at the nominal head
of the Government ; then to dictate to him
from both aides unti] he was so discredited
as a public leader that he oould safely be
discarded. France's counter move was to
offer de Castro, the leader of the old Liberals,
three seats in his Cabinet as soon as he
himself accepted the Premiership. .

This did not fit in with the plan for ship-
wreoking Franco and his crew. The offer
was refused, and it seemed at first, to the
old time place holders of both parties that
their enemy waa delivered into their hands.
To their unmeasured fury they woke up
one morning to find that Franco had in-
terrupted his attempts at Cabinet making
by issuing’a notice that the Cortes was
summarily dissolved and that hie personal
Cabinet would continue the administration
of the country.

Now the Cortes, as a collection of Portu-
guese Congressmen, had done nothing to
deserve this sweeping blow. It was as if
a man were to explain his violence by say-
ing: “I never really liked the fellow; so I
hit him on the bead with a sledge hammer.”
True enough, the assembly was not din-
tinguished by any high souled patriotiam;
but then neither was Franco's group.

What Franco could say in his favor was
that according to the letter of the Constitu-
tion be had not broken the law. The Con-
stitution permite the Prime Minister, with
his sovereign's consent, to dissolve’ the
Cortes by decree, but he must bold elections
within six months of the decree. It was
the method of despatch that testified to
what extent it is war to the knife between
Franco and the old gang.

He did not take the trouble to summon
the House to hear the message; nor did he
call a meeting of the fifteen life term coun-
cillors of State who are the political grandees
of the present system of government. He
invited his enemies, to put it plainly, to
call him dictator.

He faces the elections, which should
be held in September or before, without
much popular support, He is rather a
morose, dyspeptic man in early middle life
who occupies himeelf more with his work
and his health than with creating a political
platform.

The foreign shipping and commercial
world are mostly on his side, in spite of
the fact that Portuguese internal securities
have fallen 4 points since his coup d'état.
They think he has cleared the air. The
system hitherto of running Portuguese
politios inspired them with no kind of
confidence. It had to come to an end;
and the disturhance at ite finish would
likely be worse if it were postponed for a
few years.

Besides this considerable good will from
the bigger businses interests, Franco has
the support of King Carlos. He came
by it under peculiar circumstances.

In the absence of any constructive policy
to supply an issue for party warfare, the
Cortes has been reduced to criticieam of
the national housekeeping account. The
central fact in the national housekeeping
account is the high rolling King Carlos.
Were he ar. ordinary citizer one would
eay, Here is a man trying to reconcile a
champagne appetite to a four-ale income.

He likes to posses) yachts and gyal

The
|

ee SSS.
a

|
|

he solemnly consigned the regency and the
reins of power to his wife, Queen Amelia.
It was not enough for Carlos to do this

by his Ministers. What he decided the oc-
casion required was the solemn establish-
ment of a regency.

The Queen, attired in gala robes, drove to
the Cortes in a state coach drawn by six
horses, There she took a solemn oath in
the King's presence to observe the Conati,
tution and maintain the Catholic faith,
Then Carlos set forth in peace of mind to
attend the funeral.

Little wonder that people credit the King
with being a sort of good bourgeois repub-
liean himeelf, adding with a laugh, “But
don't you see a republic is impossible in
Portugal.”

A frequent remark of the professional
person who is the inspirer of young repub-
licans is; “We are a republican people; only
a republic is impossible in Portugal.” Most
of the other well to do, middle aged public
talk in the same key. “I'm a republican;
all our own intelligent people are; but in
Portugal a republic is impossible.”

For a emall country there is in Portugal
a remarkable diversity, even antagonism,
of local sentiment. The northern prov-
ince, which look to Oporto as their centre,
are atill dominated by the Celtic spirit. Their
people have the Celtic aptitude for causing
political commotion, some of the Celtic
quickness of brain, and more than the Celtic
untidiness and want of method.

In the south there is a placid population,
rather languid and melancholy, and easy to
govern. It is much more akin to the peas-
antry of central Spain, with a strain of the
Moorish and the African.

In appearance the South is surprisingly
tropical. It is a land of wide, white sandy
riverbeds, with a mere rivulet of water
trickling through them even in early sum-
mer; almost no bird life or game of other
sort, for there is no cover; humble, burned
looking dwellings for man and cattle, with
low overlapping lid roofs 'to give a little
of the shade that the nearly leafless trees
refuse. At the end of June the main oc-
cupation seemed to be stripping the bark,
half a foot thick, of the cork trees, #hich
abound in sparsely planted groves.

The men, like their goats and oxen, are
amall and quiet. The women are rather
bigger, mostly built on sturdy lines and
are employed at everything, from signalling
trains to breaking stones on the roadside.
They go barefoot on all occasions, but on
the féte daye, which are frequent even
for a thoroughly Catholic country, they
make up for it with an overwhelming load
of headkerchiefs and earrings.

Around Lisbon and the South the woman
is expected to do most of the courting.
In Spain the woman when she is very
young is counted much the finer type.
and the male admirer takes any amount of
trouble to plead his case for hours beneath
her balcony. Not so in the Portuguese
capital. Around the Rocio and near the
Café Suisse the beau, both young and
middle aged, does his amorous promenade
by standing still.

His reposefulness is not so much be-
cause of the sultry evenings as from a con-
aciousness of hie personal decorativeness.
There is nothing of the nimbleness of the
American or English youth about the Por-
tugueée. Usually he resembles his King
Carlos in the matter of generous girth
about the waist.

In his dreas the Portuguese man of leisure
keeps to the quaint taste of old fashioned
hacienda melodramas. The pattern of
his colored shirt is usually rather over-
powering, nor is he afraid to piease his
untamed fancy when he picks his pattern
for a summer suit. And yet withal he is
rather a mild, depressed, undecided sort
of man. ,

Even Spain, which is still in a rather
humble and contrite mood, weighs on him
by her greatness. He doesn't think Por-
tugal will co anything startling, because
the Spanish Government would not approve,
Even the Republican movement is sus-
pected because of the fear that the disap-
pearance of Portugal's separate dynasty
would be the removal of the chief safeguard
of her separate national existence.

Still more do the Portuguese oling to
the century old notion that internationally
their country is a sort of dependency on
England. It was in the memorable
Methuen treaty with England that Portugal
found herself caught most charaocteris-
tically asleep. England, then at war with
France, promised in the good old port
drinking days that she would take all her
red wines from Portuga'. There was in
fact no other place in the wide world where
she could get them. In return she asked
for and got from Portugal a binding con
tract not to start any manufacturing in-
dustry but to import everything of that
kind from England.

Portugal is suffering from the Methuen
treaty to this day economically, and even
politically. It has done her permanent
harm by destroying confidence in her
capacity to drive an’ international bar-
gain. And yet these same Portuguese
have an amazing megalomania in the way
of arithmetic, It is literally true that they
count horses by their feet and not by their
heads. ;

They tell me that the carriage is waiting
and I ask what sort of carriage. “Eight
horses,” is the answer; but it is no such
sort of circus equipage; simply a two horse
oonveyanbe. They say the crowd was
dispersed by fifty horsemen; that means a
dozen. .

They number every window and door ina
house Suppose it bea hovel store, whose
wares are of the kind one sees on pushcarts
elsewhere and are here displayed in niches
in the wall, each window and door has ite
own number; and the entire establishment
is described as, aay, 71 to 79 such and such
street

Things Under Lock and Key.
From the Loutaville Courier-Journal

“Those are diaries,” said the smith, “that
lt am going to put lacks and keys on. They
belong to a rich old maid. She fills two vol-
umes of that size qanually. ond along in No-
vember the two volumes for the com f year

re sent to me. have made all her diaries
och. fast since ‘s2.

- t cedarwooo cheat is a cigar box,
It holda a thousand cigars. I Ty going to
put 0 tpek on it for a clubman. e mistruste

v

et.
mete Benet eer esta sy Sut

COME TO AMERICA,

Me Is Now lo Kurepe—One of the Most Up
te Date of Astasiic Poetentates—Ri-
forms Me Mas Wetablished in Siam
—Hile Splendid Tities and His Jewels.

His Majesty, Prahbat Somdetoh Phra
Paramende Maba Chulalongkorn Klow,
King of Siam, of the Golden Throne and
Lord of the White Elephant, is travelling
incognito ja Europe with her Majesty Queen
Sowapa Pongsi, and there ig reason to be-
lieve that in a month or two America may

see the Oriential potentate and the one of |

his many wives who is recognized as Queen.
Very little has been written about the latest
trip of the couple because, unlike European

royalties, theirs is not an incognito as- |

sumed only to allow them to mingle with
the world. The King and Queen have
kept in seclusion during their travels in

northern Italy and Switzerland, but it is |

doubtful if they will be as successful in
evading notice if they come to the United
States.

King Chulalongkorn is an autocrat, but
he is a man of learning who has profited by a

 

ee et ee ‘

rn *

  
    

 

bearing ‘vcd, from which be makes bie
choice

After breakfast about two hundred priests
are admitted. They depend upon charity
for their food and prea’®t big bowls, into
which the royal breakfast party drops the
food that they have not selected for their
own use Then the King and his family
adjourn to the temple, where he acts as
priest, lights the altar candles and reads
from tire holy books.

Thie takes about an hour and from then
until luncheon the King spends in hia
library, where he has a big collection of
foreign books and newspapers. He goes
to his bath at 2 o'clock. where his wives
shampoo and perfume him Then he talks
to his wives and plays with his children
until he goes to the audience chamber to
take up matters of state.

Twice a week, according to Oriental
custom, he sita outside hie palace gate to
receive petitions and complaints from hie
aubjectsa Twice a week he presides over
the San Luang, a secret society like the

Inquisition of Spain, and by its order peo-

ple who are suspected of treason are im-~-
prisoned and tortured to extract confession.

No sovereign receives more homage from
his people and he possesses a list of titles

| that is imposing. He is Supreme Arbiter

of the Ebb and Flow of the Tide, Brother

European education. He is one of the \ of the Moon, Half Brother of the Sun and

 

most enlightened Asiatic rulers, speaks
and writes both English and French and
has as his advisor Prof. Edward Henry
Strobel, who left the chair of international
law at Harvard Univers ty two years ago to
take the post. The King is said to be the
most up to date and liberal monarch in
Asia. His second son has studied tactics
in the German army and another son spent
considerable time with the Russians.

King Chulalongkorn is one of old King
Phra's eighty-four children. The old King
had the idea that the integrity of his king-
dom depended upon keeping out Europeans,
but in spite of that fact he recognized the
advantages of western education and in
1862, against his own feelings and on the
grounds of expediency, he decided to en-
gage an English tutor for his family.

So he wrote to an Ehglish governess,
Mrs. Leonowen, and asked her to come
and teach English and literature, but not
to preach the Christian religion. She
came, and the young Prince who later be-
came King was her favorite pupil. He
learned English and French quickly and
made rapid progress in the six years she
spent with him, but at the end of that time
she rebelled at the old King's temper and
gave up her job in 1868, a few months be-
fore the old King died.

When Chulalongkorn ascended the Golden
Throne he was only 15, and he ruled under a
regency until 1873, when, according to Sia-
mese law, he was recrowned and assumed
authority. At that time the work of ruling
was divided between two Kings. Chula-
longkorn had two-thirds of the power and
the second King, who was maintained
moatly fer show, did the reat of the work.

Chulalongkorn did not like that arrange-
ment and he and the second King had a row.
The second King fled to the British Consu-
late for protection and that was the end of
his power. When the second King died in
1887 Chulalongkorn abolished the office of
subordinate ruler and Siam will never have
any more difficulties on that score.

The kingship is now hereditary and the
King ia an absolute monarch, but he has a
cabinet council of six royal princes and
thirteen ministers of state. As soon as
Chulalongkorn gained this absolute power
he began to introduce western ideas into his
kingdom.

First he issued a decree making the
Crown Prince heir to the throne. Then he
introduced railways and built a navy. . He
saw his neighbor on the west, Burmah, fall
before the British, and took steps to save
his own kingdom by playing one Power
against another, In that way he stopped
encroachments and the integrity of his do-
main was guaranteed. His navy has more
than twenty vessels, and for his own use
is a royal yacht of 3,000 tons register, which
carries rapid fire guns.

During his reign, which has been peace-
ful and prosperous, he has instituted many
reforms He has abolished slavery, done
away with burdensome internal taxes,
opened up canals for irrigation and trans-
portation, established telegraphic com-
munication with China and postal facilities
erected lighthouses and buoys, charted
navigable streams. improved the judicial
system, proclaimed religious liberty, built
hospitala and an art museum and reor-
ganized the army.

The King is a hard worker, asa aketch of
a day's routine will show. He gets up at
5 and breakfast is served by members of
the harem in the gardens. Twelve women

kneel before him and present silver trayp attention.

 

KING OF SIAM LANDING AT DOVER ON HIS WAY TO VISIT KING EDWARD.

 

“
See a

; —

Owner of Four and Twenty Golden Um-
brellas. His subjects prostrate themselves
as he passes and his favorite wives and his
brothers kneel before him.

Finances do not worry him. His income
is about $10,000,000 a year and his gorgeous
palace contains much treasure. The palace
is divided into outer and inner parts and no
European male has ever penetrated the
latter.

The Siamese hold thé inner palace so
sacred that it is bad form even to allude
to it. The palace which is the official resi-
dence is built in Italian style, but the roofs
are Siamese. The European furniture is of
immense vaiue and the adornments of the
royal chambers were ordered in London
and cost half a million dollars.

The King is an enthusiastic Buddhist and
encourages the display of pomp and grand-
eur in‘ buildings, which best takes form in
the completion of the temples begun by his
ancestors. The wonders of these create a
great impression upon Occidental visitors
and stories are told of gilded halls, gigantio
precious stones and floors inlaid with silver
and gold. In the midst of these temples
rises the famous statue of Buddha covered
with emeralds.

Of wives the King has many, but he can
elevate only two of them to royal dignity.
The custom atill exists in Siam that on
state occasions the princes and nobles
present their prettiest daughters to the King.
His supreme wife, Sowapa Pongsi, is his
half sister, both having the same father.

She is 43, but looks younger. Her fea-
tures are of Japanese type and in her own
country she wears knickerbockers. No
European Queen is so rich in jewelry as
she.

The King too loves jewels and buys about
$500,000 worth a year. The throne of state
is decorated with many of them and in
magnificence ia second only to the peacock
throne of Persia. It is composed largely of
gold and is studded with precious stones.
The King's mantle of state is declared to be
the most valuable mantle in the world. It
has been handed down from king to king,
each adding precious stones until now it is
almost solidly encrusted with gems.

 

TEACHING INDIANS PATRIOTISM,
Students From Many Tribes at Indian
Schools Salute the American Flag.

Chilocco correapondence Kansaa City Timea,

At. the Chilocco Indian Agricultural School
at this place 800 boys and girls from the prin-
cfpal Indian tribes in the United States are
educated at the expense of the Federal Gov-
ernment, Patriotism, or love of country,
though pot laid down in a text book, is taught
as carefully as reading, spelling or writing.
Patriotism is not presented to these boys
and girls at Chilocco as an abstract theory
but impressed as a concrete, visual reality
in the ceremony of saluting the flag.

The band parades in the campus, playing
a national air, and the flag waves in the wind
from the tall Gagstaff. In captained com-
pdnies the students assemble in line, facing
the flag. For an instant there is silence,
followed by the order to salute as the band
plays “The Star Spangled Banner.” With
bared heads the boys and wgirla gaze upon
their country’s emblem of freedom until the
band maater signals the band to cease piaying,

Many of the Indian boye and girls at Chil-
ocee possibly do not hear much about the
flag at their homes, where their fathers and
grandfathers once were at war with the
United States. The ceremony of saluting
the flag soon makes a deep impression upon
them, however, and they stand in reverent

iy MEG

oe ooeououauauaueooeoeo ee Sss85S5959989892920292020209080909 5850 0

QUEER ROADS BACK TONATURE

THE SIMPLE LIFE AS PRACTISE}
IN A SWISS VILLAGE,

Vogeterians, Fruftarians and Raw Footer.
Ameng Them—ome Abhor Soap a:
Beds—One the Prisoner of a Gioat —4)..
Radiates Life, bat Won't Pay Boar.

» Beane, July 24.-On the western ba:
of Lake Maggiore in the Swias Canton
Ticino, where the River Maggia flows j:):
the lake, lies the picturesque villag
Asoona, which has of late become kniwv
as the abode of a number of well mean,
persons who are united in their desire |
get back to nature and whose attemn))'«
to reach that desirable state are as vari
as they are peculiar.

Certain it ia that they have selecte:) {)
practising their doctrines a spot of natur:
beauty. The lake side here is famour fir
ite magnificently wooded*high road, |«
tween Losone and Ronoo, closé to whi
Asoona is situated. Hete a wonderf
panorama of mountains and lake revea\:
itself.

The sun shines on an average 340 days
in the year and winter is almost unknown
Ground is cheap, for owing to the phylloxera
scourge, the majority of the native inhal.
tants have abandoned -their unprofital|>
pursuit of vine growing and have emigrated
To-day Ascona is populated chiefly by long
haired and bearded strangers, each of whic,
has a different notion of living the sim))\.
life and advocates his system as the onl)
panacea for physical, psychical and so: 1s!
ills.

The extreme vegetarians form the mos
numerous body of thie community in
addition to vegetable diet they also con
sume certain animal products, sich 4<
milk, butter and eggs; a heresy strong!)
condemned by the friuitarians, who subsis'
exclusively on products of the soll.

The former frankly admit that they have
| adopted their diet mainly for reasons o!
health; but the latter bring ethical an!
religious motives to bagr on their abatinenc«
from all flesh food, Their prophet is
Tolstoi, as far as he is able to agree wit.
them.
| A third group consists of the 80-calle:!

raw fooders. The use of beds and soa
| thes# abhor as conventional lies. It was
one of these extremists, a former oMice:
in the Austrian army, who persuaded (}y
wife of the ex-Archduke Leogpld of Austria
to embrace his creed, thus bringing ali
an estrangement between her and her hur
band culminating in a legal separation.

Another member of this extremist section
is a man who says that he “radiates life.”
He wears a long toga shaped garment,
sandals and no hat, and has never been
known to havebis hair or beard cut. He goes
about with his features wreathed in a per
petual smile and invariably carries a flowei
in his hand. .

For a time he lived at the cottage of a
humble artisan, but never paid anything
for board or lodging. When remonstrate:'
with he amiled disdainfully and admitte:
it was true that he had eaten the poor man's
bread, but said. he had all along radiated life
upon him, which ought to be more than
sufficient reward.

Another type is the orchard man. In
the fall he rents from a farmer a fruit tree
under which he sleeps and on the fruits
of which he subsists. When the tree is
eaten bare he rents the next tree.

The most peculiar of them all is a gentle-
man known as the Mexican because he
once spent two months in Mexico. His
view is that it is a sin to torment an animal,
and that to keep an-animal in a stable or
even to tie it up is a form of torment and
a sin.

In his hut he keeps a goat, which provides
him with sustenance. His conscience for-
bids him to tie the goat up, but at the same
time he wants to prevent the animal from
straying. Therefore he is obliged to. be
in constant attendance on the goat anil
never leaves her. a matter of fact he
is the goat's prisoner, and as such he is
known throughout the district.

It is a remarkable fact that the women
of this community appear on the whole to
be physically and mentally the more ro-
bust sex. While true and loyal to their
eonvictions they do not go to the unpracti
cal extremes the men advocate.

One of them ie nicknamed Soapsuds
She has made the discovery that the Bible
is not essentially a religious work, buta
book replete with sécret medicinai pre
scriptions. According to her the sub
stances named most frequently in the
Scriptures have mysterious ourative prop-
erties.

As salt, sand and wine are among these
substances she makes a mixture of them
and offers it with incredible perseverance
to any sick person in the village. If the
patient recovers she triumphs; if not, he:
explanation is that the patient is possesse:!
of evil spirita.

Two events have lately disturbed the
community. One woman, the wife of a
strict simple lifer, showed signs of acute
mental derangement and had to be re-
moved to a sanitarium, where she has since
recovered under proper treatment, An
other, whose aim was to kill matter and live
in the spirit, voluntarily abstained for ao
long period from taking nourishment, as!
finally took poison and died.

ee ee

 

 

 

Mentenegro’s Smart Schooigiris.
From the Pall Mall Gazette.

And now we have a schoolgirls’ revolt’
There is in Cettinje an excellent college f°:
girls, founded by the Tsaritea Maria Alexan
drovna, supplied with Russian money an’
Russian teachers. It has six classes, th
sixth one being the finishing one. In the
room of that class hung a photograph «!
Prince Nicholas in a gilt frame. The “finist
ing girls” held a political meeting in that room
It happened that the fathers and brothers
of most of these girls have inscribed then
selves in the registers of the new Nation
Democratic party as members, and ther:
provoked rather sharp criticism and
demnation on the part of the Prince. |!
girls sat in Judgment on him, They fou:
that he called their fathers and brothers “'! >
traitors” for no other reason than that thr
were Democrats, opposed to the autocra':c
régime; they found further that the Prince
was against the Parliamentary régime, and
therefore was not worthy to adorn with h'4¢
photograph the schoolroom of the mod»:
Montenegrine girls. They took down |
condemned photograph and tore it, am:
enthusiastic screams, in a thousand pieces
and danced over their victim.

The screams and the tumult brought to!)
room the Russian mistress of the schoo!, '
whom the girls explained what had take:
place and why. The Government orders!
Yanko Angelat, the chief of detectives

and as such the most unpopular perse *
ontenegro, to investigate the matter. Wh
this formidable person arrived at the sch
he was surprised to see thirty girla wait: «
for him in their best dresses, and solem» '
presenting to him a bouquet of roses. As 4
clever detective and a polite man, he w+
pleased at the attention, thanked the Ri
and raised the bouquet to his nose to in’)
ite perfume. He, however, could not ¢
adequate express on yo his oemerete8 he
e sneezing attac im, a!
shook him badly. As the sneezing would :.
cease, tears came to the police investigaro: *
eyes, and as the dignified Ange at was ©
dian losing hie temper, and thereby |

zs

ignity, too, airls very charitably advi«
im to go at on hospital and let b

be cut off t ttc'SNould oesee't be p

a
sale
4h

_