WHEN BOYS REALLY HAD EUN|

MARTY KEESE RECALLS SPORTS
OF YOUNG NEW YORK,

Pig Midtng ty Cty Ball Park, for Instance,
Was Exciting and Leatherhead Jim
Itong Guppticd a Spice of Danger
~Trips Awey Up te Fourteenth Street.

Down through City Hall Park was the
place to ride the pigs, Marty Keese says, in
the days when Old New York was young.
'.ere was room then for a fleet footed pig
ty show what it could do, because this was
« generation before a great part of the park
was aliced off for,the building of the Post
Mice

There was more chance, too, to get away
with the pig riding in those days. Old Jim
Vimoney, one of the municipal watchmen,
or leatherheads, or Mayor's pups~-so-called
because of the letters “M. P.” which the
lentherbeads wore on their collars -was the
only one around the park to say a pig jockey

‘Yo-Jay Marty Keeso is not only the
jor domo of the City Hall, but he takes
a pate: nal interest in the park, also, beowuse
it is his front yard. If a small boy tried to
rae pig across the City Hall Park to-day!

But with the watchman it was different.
dis real name wes James Timoney, but the
inds called him Beanbelly Jim was not
onty fat, but he had been raised in a New
York 60 much more phiegmatic than it
‘s to-day that when one of her citizens
walked away up to the group of sycamores
that clustered along the west side of Broad-
war Just above the present site of the Hoff-
man House the pedestrian, when he estopped
upon bis return to cool his brow at one of
‘he town pumps, felt himself justified in
vousting of his feat.

Almost any realiy consciontious pig that
vusn't a quitter could give Jim Timoney
weight ant win etraight, place and show.
Vien it carne to the very fast pigs in the
private @tocs of Tommy Curry's father,
who kept pigsin Leonard street near Orange

now Baxver etreet--well, Marty Keeso
save .o may oe freely quoted as saying that
‘fa pig gota Sying start Lefore Jim got his
etilie Jim wouk! iecome only an unim-
portant part of the background instanter

First. of course, you had to catch your
eig and drive it before you to the park,
You dreve the pig down Broadway, if you
like! that route best, and carefully tooled
your mount in between the rumbling old
vtage Coaches and wagone so that a truck-
‘3an or carman, as thoy were called then,
would Rot mun cover your zigzagging
cherger. Pven back io those days, when,
a Marty Keese admita emphatically, every-
thing was nicer han now, hecanso the
6))ores were atiunot more prettily, the
minute o pig got under a truck and was

wat

aqueeved and aquealed into pork it was |

absoiute!y of no use as a mount.

To get your pig into the park required
visety of skill and the faculty of concentrat-
ing your mind on your art. The stone cop-
ing atill eurrvunded the park in Marty's pig

riding days, aod ali along the top of the |

coping waa a tall iron fence. There was a
wide gato with two little brother gates on
aither side of it down where the post office
now comes t> a point, but that gate wasn’t
worth ahucks to park your pig through.

It waa too close to tho magnificent Astor
House and consequently to Jim Timoney.
Half of Jim’s time was given to loaling
around the Astor House and watching the
grand folks coming and going. One of
Jim's proudest boaste was that the Messrs.
Coleman and Stetson, the then proprietors
of this, the greatest hotel in the grandest
city in the most wonderful country on
earth—so Jim said--always addressed him
a3 Mister Timoney. In fact, Jim knew the
Lotel men so well that he called them Bob
and Charley. *

So, take it all in all, the pig jockeys liked
the gate bost that was furthest from the
Astor House and Jim. That, of course,
wae the smaller gate at the northeast corner
of the park, near the spot where the subway
hiosks are now. .

Once inside the park you put your little
jacket on inside out as a disguise to fool
old Jim Timoney. A few feet away your
pig was grunting contentedly among the
clover. You shaded your eyes with your
hands to sweep the horizon for hostiles.
And now (seesh!) you crept and crept
and crept and crept--and crept—and—
crept—a@-a-a-n-n—-—

Wumpf-wheeeeg! Pig coming! Like a
creased streak you flashed southward down
the park between the little wooden posts
and their sagging chains that fenced the
park walke in the days of Old New York.
‘Tiny hoofs are clicking madly and the little
Kieese bare feet are wrapped around the
bumpety body of the squealing charger as
far as they will reach, and grimy little
tingers and thumbs are clamped to the pig's
ears.

Heavens! can the pig keep from skidding
os it tries to round the brand new fountain?
Have you the nice skill as a rough rider to
make vour racer realige, as you clatter near
and nearer to the Astor House and Jim
Timoney, that only so far may a pig go and
no further?

Kut it was just this joking with the deat.
and the bright, brave face of danger--
which was Jim Timoney—and the frightfu
possibility of thundering right smack
into the legs of the law and spilling them
that made the City Hall Park the only pig
course in Manhattan really worth while.

“By the Big Boot of Chatham street!”
roars somebody as the pig charges wildly
toward the cool shadows of the Astor House
facade, shadows that shield a watchman
ao comfortably from the rays of the after-
noon sun.

Jim's coming! Across Broadway toward
pig and rough rider he is panting, and he
sweirs conspicuously by the Big Boot
which Tom Graham, the Chatham street
shoemaker, erected in front of bis shop in
the days when our grandmothers shrieked
in girlish terror and ran, with ringle?s
streaming in the breezes, from the cows
that tried to join their picnic parties up
near Herald Square. It was always a
secret aorrow of Tom Graham, who was
religious, that his innocent Boot was to
suggest the favorite cussword of Marty
Keese's New York.

So here was old Jim Timoney panting
toward you and you were charging toward
Jim; but leave it to the saddle broken pigs
raised by Tommie Curry’s father to face
about at the psychological moment when
steered dextrously into a fence: Jim
Timoney haa scarcely trundied laboriously
through the big gate at the southern end
ot tne park when your charger hae begun
to beat it back to the northeast gate and
Victory.

And 80 you diamount by cleverly tumbling
off, and now it is well to drive your pig
around to the shady paddock back of the
City Hall, between the little domed Aque-
duct Board Building and the yellow
brick Almshouse that used to stand there.
And while Dad Rice and Tommie Curry
and the other boys of the 23 Engine gang
gathered around you in admiration you
told the details of how for the 'steenth time
you had put it all over old Leatherhead Jim
during your thrilling ride. Last fall Marty
Keese saw Le Blon tear down the Jericho
pike in the Vanderbilt cup race, and Marty

ee

just smiled indulgently and wondered
when the real race would start.

Things finally got so bad that Jim Timoney
had to make a eall on Marty's teacher,
Mrs. Weston, in the old frame schoolhouse
with the hateful bell atop that stood one
door from Leonard atreet in Baxter when
Baxter street was known ae Orange. After
that there was a noticeable lull in the pig
riding until Marty went to a private achooi
in a two story building in Leonard street.
near Centre, across from the ‘santa.
Marty's mother paid a penny a day for-hie
schooling there and naturally Marty felt.
that now he was independent of teacher
and could ride pigs without interference
from her.

There were always more and better
sports for the boys in pre-Mexican War
days than there are now, however. One
could join the gang, for instance, and bait
the first Italian*Marty remembers seeing
in New York. This novel product of a
strange land made images in his house in
Leonard street near Centre on rainy days,
but when the sun shone again he wandered
out with his hand organ—he was the father
of the industry—and one could have a
delightful time feeding half smoked stumps
of half Spanishes to the Italian’s monkey.

Also it was fine to follow through the
streets the first Chinaman that the boys of
1844 had ever seen, and tell him in a loud
voice what one thought of him. And when
night fell and the little oil lamps that hung
from crossbars at some of the corners were
lighted, only to make the streets look
blacker, Marty and Tommie Curry and
Dad Rice and Billy Dalson and the rest of
23 Engine gang could always gather to
play the delirious game called “How many
miles?” A game of thie tempting sport
lasted a whole evening because the pack
often had to chase the wolf far up to a place
north of the last of the Bowery tree trunks.

Then when the tired little wolf, his legs
sore and his voice strained from yelling
“Eeeyow!” like a real wolf so that the pack
might have a ascent to follow through the
dark, came to a spot where candles and
lamps aputtered within scattered black
houses that stood on grassy terraces, he
knew it was time to go back home and get
his licking from mother. For the grassy
banks told him he was on Fourteenth street,
and Marty says that all mothers thought
then that “their boys shouldn't go such
a hell of a way uptown” at night. Accord,
ing to Billy Dalson, who is now 73, Marty
Keese was the star hunter of the pack,
but Marty insists modestly that Billy only
says that out of good nature and because
in Billy's eyes Marty is such a kid.

It's too bad that the little boys and girls
can't have any fun in New York now,
Marty Keese regrets. But once upona time
| Manhattan was a fairyland, for the sun
| shone brighter then because it was younger
| and the stars were cleaner and new washed
| at night; and the Battery was the most
beautiful park in America, where all the
| little tads wero taken to roll on the grass
on Sunday and gaze out over a dancing
bay that was misty with the tremulous
clouds of canvas on all the ships from all
the world.

——-

|
|
|
|
|
|

 

 

| TUBERCULOSIS CAMPS IN TEXAS.

Plans for a Quarantine Against Censump-
tives—Tent Colonies.

Austin, Tex., Auguet 3.—Dr. W. M.
Brumby, State Health Officer, is working
out the details of his plans for debarring
from Texas all persons who are afflieted with
tuberculosis in an advanced stage. The
system will involve the establishment of
quarantife camps at many points and a
method of train inspection.

It is asserted by Dr. Brumby and many
other physicians of the State that the con-
stant influx of consumptives into Texas
imperils the health of the people here.
Most of the health seekers go into the south-
western part of the State, where the air is
dry and invigorating and the winter climate
mild.

Thousands of them flock into San Antonio
and El Paso every winter. The indigent
ones have to be cared for by the county or
city.

= addition to quarantining against per-
sone who are afflicted with tuberculosis in
an advanced stage the State health authori-
ties contemplate adopting some plan by
which those who are in an incipient stage
of the disease may be kept out of the larger
cities and towns and placed in colonies or
upon ranches. In this way the patient will
be able ta receive the full benefits of the
climate.

There are many tent colonies of consump-
tives in the San Antonio territory. There
can be no doubt about the curative quali-
ties of that method of living.

Some of these colonies are located ip the
hilly region northwest of San Antonio, where
the natural beauties of the country are made
still more enjoyable by the abundant fish-
ing which the rivers afford and the game
found near the camp. Some of these col-
onies are condu on the cooperative
- ‘most of these tent colonies there is a
regularly employed physician, who is usu-
ally himself a consumptive. In one colony
all doctors and medi¢ine are strictly pro-
hibited in camp. Eac onist is required
to take a pledge that he will discard the
use of all kinds of medicine during his stay
in the camp and that he will not mention
| his digease or physical condition to any one
| as long as he is a member of the colony.

 

 

It is the theory of these colonists that the
cure of tuberculosis is found in breath-
ing, proper exercise, eating of wholesome
food and living in the air. The colo-
nists also forbid its members from weighing
themselves while they are taking the treat-
ment. It is asse’ that the weighing habit
has caused more than one consumptive
patient to have a setback.

The colony hae proved a success. Ma:
of ite members have been discharged as
completely cured and all show signs of rapid
improvement. None but men are admitted
None but cheerful subjects are permitted
to be discussed. It is asserted that the
mental effect of the system under which
the camp is conducted is one cause of the

hysical improvement which takes place
fn the patient.

 

NEW LABOR LAW IN CANADA,

Object of the Indostrial Disputes Investt-
gation Act.

There are three stages in the history of
labor legislation in Canada, writes the
Canadian Minister of Labor in General
Arbitfation. There is, first, the conciliation
common ground on which both parties
could meet and settle their differences.

We have next the railway labor disputes
act, and I think every one will admit that

that act, with ite feature of com ry
investigation, has prevented any atrike

n Canada.:
Noe Ft the disputes are settled through
the conciliation act after a strike or lock-
out has taken piace, way should we not

|

legislation we are now enact-
liy aod di before a strike takes
and before the engendered

it has arisen?
The industrial tes investigation act,

ee

 

 

DY | hours before the bottom fell out of things I

|
|

|

h

re

<acisssauesnn-cnscim eu ia a a eee ce A I cA seit ce eC A CAE S aquetntiinemeecm ae

THE Sl

DISASTER JUST BEHIND Hib

NARROW ESCAPES MARK FRANK
€, KATTSON'S TRAVELS.

a eee |

Wrecks, Explesions, Landsiides, Lightning |

olts, Potlsonings, Floods That Have |

Come After He Has Got Out of the Way

it's Beginning to Get on His orves,

Frank C. Kittson’ of Pittsburg begins |
to believe that he is Trouble’s advance
agent.

“Because,” he explains, “I always seem
to be just about four jumps ahead of dis- |
aster. Nothing has happened to damage
me yet. But if things keep on breaking
this way I'm going to be had sooner or
later.”

Mr. Kittson, whose day's work calls for
him to sell and to set up bridges and trestles
everywhere in the world for a Pittsburg
steel manufacturing concern, has a pocket
notebook filled with memoranda about |
calamities that he has been just a little
bit in front of. The last note in the book
is about the steamer Columbia, which sank
off the coast of California the other day
with the loss of more than 150 lives.

“I rode down from Astoria, Ore., to San
Francisco on the Columbia about a month
ago,” said Mr. Kitteon. “There was a
dense fog all the way to the Golden Gate,
but we didn’t meet up with either ship or
steamer on the trip, and deep water colli-
sions are mighty infrequent out on the
west coast. Yet here the Columbia gets
a port bow ram from another steamer
a couple of trips after I get my dunnage
off of her and goes to the bottom.

“The Columbia made the third Pacific
Ocean steamer I've cruised aboard of
that met with disaster shortly after I'd
made my rides on them.

“Ten years or so ago I came up from
Acapulco, Mex., to San Francisco on the
Colima of the Pacific Maii Line. On her
very next voyage down the coast she
heeled to a terrible hurricane off Cape
St. Lucas and went down with nearly all
hands losing their lives.

“I made the ride from Yokohama to
San Francisco on two occasions, the last
time on the trip immediately preceding the
one which ended 4n the Rio de Janeiro's
going down nearly at the entrance to the
Golden Gate. A lot of people went down
in her, including the American Consul-
General at Hongkong, Mr. Wildman, and
his family.

“I was on board the United States gun-
boat Bennington a number of timea at
Honolulu more than ten years ago, and |
ao when, a couple of years ago, while at
San Diego I found that she was in the |
harbor there I boarded her again to see |
if any of her old officers of my acquaint-
ance happened to be aboard. On the
following day the Bennington went into
the air from a burst boiler, with a heavy
lose of life among the ship’s company.

“Down in the State of Sonora, in Mexico,
four summers ago, I was standing under
the half shelter of a trestle with a crowd {|
of peon laborers during a terrific electrical
atorm--Sonora is where all of the worst
lightning in the world is manufactured
I used to think—and the bolts were hitting
all around and the smell of sulphur in the
air made it hard to breathe. A collie dog
belonging to one of my foremen was running
toward our group when a log loosened
bv the rain rolled down a little bill upon
her, pinning her to the ground.

“Hearing her yelps of pain I ran over
to reiease her. I was ppending the log
ta give the dog a chance to slide out when
there came tne worst crash I ever heard.
It knocked me over on top of the dog, but
I wasn't hurt worth mentioning.

“The bolt, though, had hit the trestle
just at the point where I'd been standing
beneath it thirty seconds before and nine
of the peons were killed outright. That
part of my nice trestle was twisted into
junk, warped into mere scrap steel.

“A year or so after that, down on the
Tehuantepec Kailway—I wae peddling
bridges and trestles and setting them up
on the line—I was seated on a rock, under a
small cliff, at the siesta knock off hour.

About thirty laborers and their foreman
were 8 around in the shade of the little
cliff, rolling their corn shuck cigarettes
after eating.

pipe was in the pocket of my coat,
and the coat was hanging on the fork of a
tree a little way across the hollow. I went
over to the coat to get the pipe. I hadn't
made thirty steps acrosa the hollow before
a landstide rolled upon the little cliff, loosen-
ing the rock, and about ten tons of it came
down upon the spot where I'd been squatted
a few seconds before.

“Four of the laborers were killed, and
nearly all the rest of them had to be pick-
axed out of the meas, all more or less dam-

. I oouldn't have beat that piece of
trouble by more than twenty seconds at the
outside. :

“You hear about plenty of imaginative
chaps who, in their minds, were in the Johna-
town flood, the Galveston flood and the San
Francisco earthquake. I wasn't in any
of those messes, but I missed the Galveston
flood and the San Francisco quake by mere |
chance. ae

“I. was doing some work along the line |

 

 

 

|

of the Gulf and Colorado line near Galves-
ton, and was scheduled to stick there every
minute of the time, for the work was press-
ing. But on the day before the horror
broke loose a man I knew over at Houston
sent a measage to me that he'd framed a bit
of a poker s4ance for that evening, and he
called me names in advance if I refused to
skate over to Houston and sit in for a few
hours. I went over to Houston, and we
were in the middle of the game when the
news of the situation at Galveston came

along.

ol was waiting in Sih Francisco for a
steamer for Japan for some days before
the quake out that wav. Twenty-four

went up to Vallejo to look into a project I'd
heard about for spanning the Napa Creek
with a bridge.

“I caught what little bit of the tremor
there was in Valleio—nothing worth speak-
ing about--and when oy let me into San
Francisco a week later I found that that
part of the Palace Hotel in which I had had
my room before running up to Vallejo
had caved like something made out of card-
board—the only part of that hotel that was
shaken down-—-at the first tremor, maiming
» a lot of folks who were caught sleeping
there.

“About six summers ago, in Dallas, Tex.,
I took an afternoc- off for myself and went
to see an old fashioned one ring circus.
Along toward the middle of the show a
couple of bad looking chaps fell to clawin,
away at each other right behind me.
screwed around take a look at them.

“They looked Mke gun men, and I didn’t
want any of the game that looked likely
to ensue very presently. So having seen
enrages of the show anyhow I got out.

“Didn't walk out the regular way, for
the show being in pro, s and the chariot
races being on I couldn't get out that way.
So I just dropped underneath my plank seat
to the ground and nudged out by Eting up
a flap of the tent. No, the two lookin
Texans didn’t kill each other. They didn
have time. It was worse than that.

“I wasn't much more than out of the tant
when a tornado that came up all in a minute,
as it seemed, struck the tent and I crawled
under the ticket wagon, for it looked good
and heavy and liable to stick toits moorings.
The main tent colla) and they were

lling dead and injured folks out from

neath the broken down canvas for the
rest of the afternoon and night.

“Do you remember that explosion of
fireworks in Madison Square a few years

hen the whole town was out to get

the I was on the spot

where the prematurely fired fireworks hurt

all of those poor ple just a couple of
minutes before it b

“I was elbowed over there with my wife

*

| it’s almost as bad

=

Giger eee

 

 

iN, SUNDA Y, AUGUST
from the main eee ot poe. oh Broadway.

But some rowd hie heel into the
toe of my Wife's shoe and she wae in auch
in that I had to half lead and half

er over to the Fifth Avenue Flotel. a
hadn't got more than half the way to Broad-
way before the fireworks went off, taking
the lege off a lot of unfortunatea.

“Three years ago in Te galpa, Hon-
duras, I attended a night lawn fate given
5; A one of the officials of the Honduras
Government. I missed two jobs on
that night by pure luck.

“First thing was that I didn’t eat ane
of the ice cream or sherbets that were
served, because I don't care for that stuff.
In some way the ice cream and sherbets
were poisoned and everybody that r-
took of the stuffI think that inoluded
everybody at the fate except! myself-was
made deadly ill after the breaking up of
the party, several of them dying.

“The affair that caused the sudden break -
ing up of the féte was the other thing that
I missed by chance. A mussenger who'd
been fired from the Gov
fomtoo much mescal bibuloelty jum: into
the men's smoking room curry@e © 8 acute
case of delirium tremens with him, and
before he could be corralled he'd stabbed
five of the men in the smoking room with a
long, knife.

“('d just left that smoking room a minute
or 80 before to see the dancing of the children
of the gueste. One of the stabbed men
died and the others were laid up in hospital
for a long time.

“I've ducked two fate! automobile acci-
dents by the narrowest squeaks, First time
I was in a big touring car with a crowd

ment employ

of Honolulu good fellows that gave a luuau
—picnic— in the Nuuanu Valley.

It was a somewhat winey and saki-ish
affair, and so when we clim! back into

the car to ride up on to the road overlooking
the Nuuanu gorge there was a bit of risk init,
popocnary as it was a cloady night and the
host of the luuau, who was driving the car,
was a mite unsteady and careless. When
we got to the top of the road stepped out of
the car to stretch my legs—I was the only
one to get out.

“I hadn’t much more than hit the ground
before the brake snapped, and, the car being
on an inclined plane, it began to roll down
hill. Two of the fellows jumped, but the
driver and three other stuck. The car
rolled at terrific speed into a huge boulder.
Two of the men in the car were killed, in-
cluding the driver,

“Other time I missed being bunged up
or killed in a motor car accident was two
years agoinChicago. A party of engineers
attending a convention there started out
in a big car to run over the boulevards, I
accompanied them for an hour or so, but
when the car got within hitting distance of
my hotel I told ‘em that I'd drop out for a
little while to write a letter and send an im-
portant telesram.

“They dumped me at the hotel, promising
to come back and pick me up again in a
helf hour oy so, The chauffeur of the hired
car had been drinking and he ran the car
full tilt invo a loaded brewery wagon over
on the soath side. The chauffeur and the
engineer on the front seat with him were
both killed and the other fellows sorely
damaged,

“There are some other messes that I've
managed; to miss, but there's no use going
on,” wound up Mr. Kittson. “I don't know
what to nake of itall. This thing of bang
ever just a hop, skip and jump ahead o
the worst forms of bother is beginning to
get on my nerves some and I'll be glad
when I can ge travelling and spend the
rest. of my life on my front porch outside
of Pittsbtrg, wannees ponese who know me
are beginning to hold me responsible for
every disaster that happens in the world.

“*Kittson must have been there just be-
fore it happened,’ is what they say. and
as being a Jonahdoo
oneself as to be held responsible for calami-
ties forever happening to other people.”

 

THE STRUGGLING VOUNGAU THOR,

Has a Rook on the Stocks, Now —Sees Sac-
cess Ahead if He Can Do One Thing.
“Yes,” said the struggling young author,

“I am atill on the job, still plugging away,

and not @ bit discouraged, though the stuff

has been, until lately, mostly coming back
just the same.

‘*Speaking of the stuff coming back
reminds one of the publishers’ printed
forms of declination; polite always, but
they are all just the same now as they were
when | first began,.gnd really | wonder a
little at that. The publishers are all the
time calling for new and original things on
the part of the authors. Why don’t they
themselves display some originality, in-
vent occasionally a new form of declina-
tion?

“Wouldn't this be a sort of spur or in-
centive to the authors as showing that the
publishers practised what they preached,
and that sort of thing? But I don't know.
Perhaps if they did get up new forms now
and then I should feel for a time, when I
firét saw them, as if I were dealing with
strangers, whereas now when I see the old
familiar forms I seem to be dealing with
friends, and perhaps it ie better as it is.

“But after all, this is really a trifling mat-
ter, the question of real importance being,
Is my own work improving? I think it is.

“As I look over, which I sometimes do,
the stuff that I submitted only a few short
years ago I think now that the publishers
were justified in sending it back. For while
it had ideas in it, still it wasn't finished. It
haa blind places in it, where the readeg
might get lost—places where the writer had
himself not surveyed and laid/out the road
clear and open fields of surplusage.

“Not that all surplusage is superfluous—
fay from it! How many stories do we read
that depend for their charm solely upon
the manner of their telling, stories which,

| stripped to the bare facts contained in them

would not be worth telling at all! If we
should take the perfume from the rose and
then its color it would be but a cabbage in
miniature, not worth the plucking. So of
manv a story, which gives us delight not
because of its substance, but because of its
dress ang trimmings, of the manner in
which it is told and from which not 80 much
as a spangle could be removed without

injury to the whole.*

“But glitter as these spangles may in
our own minds, not all of us are able to
evolve them in perfect form and then to
lace them just where they belong, and
looking over that old stuff I find that mine
were not always perfectly wrought and that
they were scattered rather promiacuously,
and I think now that they were kind to me
who checked my flight and so gave me
hese } of further practise.

“Which I trust [ have not wasted. I have
even sold a fow little things recently, and
now I confide to you that I have a book on
the stocks which I confidently expect will
be found in due time well up among the
#ix best sellers; this to depend solely, in my
opinion, upon just one ene.

“Lately mene a book in which q “4
pected to find great enjoyment. en
that book came and | first hefted it I
thought it must be bound, not in muslin
but in double thickness sheet iron covers,
it was so heavy; though not a big book it
weighed I thought about four pounds, which
weg. however, I found present!y to be
not in iron covers but. in the paper on which
the book was printed.

“I lighted my, pipe and tackled this book
at 7:30 efter dinner and it opened up de-
lightfully, but at 8 o'clock my pipe was
out and I had lost my place, my mind waa
quite distracted and only my muscles at
attention with holding that book; my arms
ached and my back and legs; I should have
said now that that book weighed not four
pounds. but four tons; and could anybody

d pleasure in reading a book like that?

“And I shall never to buy another
book by the same author for fear of finding
it printed on the same kind of paper. No
joubt many a book has fallen down
the addition of this dead weight, which
shall avoid carrying if I can.

*My book in all t, I think, and if I
can only get my publisher to pres at with
clear type and good will on unloaded paper
in a book that shall he light and easy to
hold and that so shall not detract from
but add to the reader's enj t in read-
ing it, way | toot Dat ay ‘ortune will be
pate: 1 shall be no longer

Lan ae |

4, 19

—

SH

|

NS

07.

 
 

CROOKED POKER BEAT NONE

KENTUCKY MAJORS PLIGHT
THREE DAYS OUT AT SEA,

Simply Had to Pinay Poker, Even if It Was
With Sure Thing Men—The Poker
Piayer From Charleston Who Get Re-
gion and the Episcopal Church Limit.

Waite Suvpnur Spaiwan, W. Va., Aug. 3.
~The men folks at the |Old White Sulphur
Springs were scouting around the other
afternoon, trying to assemble enough
likely looking insitters for a little game of
draw at one of the Paradise Row cottages,
for bachelors. It was a bit early in the:

Old White season, and most of the regulars, |
some of whom have been battling away at
each other in the Old White poker game for!
forty summers, were atill absent.

|
thing graftera that were hanging around
the corridors of the hostelry, waiting for |
nothing better than marks of the cut and
style of my Kentucky friend.
ception to pick out as fellow payers a couple
of obviously square men like those two
young fellows we were talking with at
luncheon?”
turned against him.

“It wasn’t until the game waa three or
four of the afternoon hours old that I caught
the man who pretended to be a Celveland

“He was ao immersed with the ace full
that he wholly ignored my kiok went.
ahead betting himeelf black in the face on

 

The difficulty encountered in getting a
round table bunch together reminded Col.
John Taylor of Cincinnati of a story.

“I've got a Kentucky crony,” he said,
“who would rather play poker than sip
mint juleps on a second story piazza, and
I can’t make it any stronger than that,
seeing that he was born and raised in the
Blue Grasa country. For al) that, he still
plays the barnyard game and he isn't very
lucky.

“He was ordered by his medical man to
take a voyage to Europe a few summers
ago for his health, and he ran up to Cin-
cinnati and dragged me into it. I figured
that it woyld be the decent thing, anyhow,
to go along with him and protect him from
the poker sharks, for I knew that if he went
alone he'd be liable to sit into games with
people that carried their burglars’ kits
right in their hands.

“Well, I had to do everything but beat
him on the head to keep him out of a couple
of perfectly palpable poker deadfalls on
the train ride to New York, and at the New
York hotel I had to keep a hold of his arm
every minute while he was awake to pre-
vent him from organizing himself into a
committee of one to form impromptu draw
fiestas from the gang of sharp eyed good

“On the steamer it was still worse, for |
he's got a sort of frank, corre on way about |
him that caused the card sharks who were
making the voyage to gaze at him with f¢ osi-
tive hunger in their eyes. Three or four of
them did essay to buzz him to the sitting in
point, but I suppose my glares frightened
them away. My friend looked at me re-
proachfully wheh I took these steps to pro-
tect him.

“But, for all my wisdom, i myself was
fooled by a couple of the poker fanciers on
the third day out. Began talking with a
pair of substantial looking chaps of 80 or 80 |
at dinner on that day. One of them said he |
was a commission merchant in Cleveland,
and he rattled off the names of a lot of Ohio
people whom I knew. Agreeable fellow.
The other one said he was a Government
officia] in Washington, and had decent ways
about him too.

“After lunoheon that third day, noticing
that my friend was still glancing wolfishly
into the card room every time we passed it
on our post prandial constitutional I inad-
vertently said to him:

“‘Major, I don’t want to subject you to
any deprivations of any sort on this trip,
but if you must and will frivol around with
cards why don’t you exhibit enough per-

“I hadn't got the words out of my mouth
before he released himself from my clutch
and started aft at a sort of ship lope.

“‘Wonder where I can find ‘em?’ he said,
and then I had to trot after him, and pres-
ently we came upon the two agreeable chaps
leaning over the after rail,and my friend,
without any beating around the bush, sug-
goes a little game of $10 limit to them.

th said that they were a bit rusty at the
game, but they were willing, just to glide
away the time.

tan Oe beeen toe ee

wi —evel

Put of the deck down to the sizes—s> cate
save all the dealing that an all jackpot game
involves in a four ded sitting when the
whole pack is used. The stri game
is pretty hot, seeing that at t game
threes are imbecile, a straight just foolish
and a small full only fair to middling; but
it’s as fair for one as for another when all
hands are used to the values of the cards,

“My Kentucky friend was the happiest
human being I ever saw in my life when we
began the game, and when he went right
out in front from the tap of the drum, hoe-
ing in all of the money in sight he posi-
tively shone with joy. He continued to
enjoy himself just as much when the tide
commission man at an adroit bit of juggle
cheating. He was sitting at the right of
his companion, and it was gradually borne
in upon me that when he dealt the cards
he paid a lot of attention out of the left
hand corner of his eye to the cards he was
dishing to his mate, who on hie part picked
the cards up one by one as they were dealt
—an ornery practice even for a square
player—so that the man dealing them could
get the rieht kind of a >
“Now it’s pretty easy to fill another
man’s hand when you're playing with a
stripped deck if you've got the mechanical
sleight of hand to get away with it after
you see what your companion in crime has
rot in his fist. The man who was acci-
dentally on purpose showing his hand to
the dealer kept up a great line of conversa-
tion, directed at mvself and my Kentucky
friend, while the play I was watchful for
came off, but it didn’t serve.
ton met on and eo deaker, in
discarding, ea ninplike of a
card from hie hand on to the top of the
main pack. That was the card to fill his
mate's flush, with the stripped deck
a flush beats a ful! house. I didn’t say a
word, but I gave my Kentucky friend a
kick on the under the table.

what looked to be the splendid papers in
his hand, until I gave him a kick that je
him wince, and then, gazing at me wi
surprise and mute reproach, he cal his
man The Jatter's flush took the bi p
of chips in the centre and just then 8
in the card room got up to go to dinner and
we followed suit. The two crooks went
ahead of us, and I got the Major pinned to
a stanchion. :

“It's my fault,’ I said to him. ‘I’m
responsible. I am perfectly willing that
you should put it up to me. But we_play
no more with those two fellows. They're
thieves. I caught them in the act in that

—— Se

   
  

about the fine Etruscan tracery that’s only
to be made out by a microscope on the
inside of the shell of the of draw
tg any of the vest of us ever known.

“But he was sure a o man when [
met him at Asheville last winter. I'd
heard from somebody or other that he'd
gece ion, but I didn’

im bad.-

t know that it had hit
But when, one rainy even-
ing, I was snooping around trying to herd
up about seven to sit into a little game
of the $5 kind and I asked this old friend
of mine who'd got religion if he was going
to make one of us he staked me to a gaze
that ieee Sap Lae ond om »

“*My boy,’ said, ‘I thought everybod
knew that i had mended my evil ware. *
don pay een. any more. I am a mem-
ber of the Church. I am not averse to an
occasional game of cards by way of amuse-
ment—but not poker-—no, siree- not poker.
Poker, sir, is a game of deceit. It is a
game that enables a man to deceive his
friends out of their money’!

“‘Grand,’ said I, ‘l wish I had two bite
for every time you deceived me back yonder
in Charleston when I was-—~-'

“ ‘Poker, my boy,’ he cut in on me, ‘is
a game of pure deceit, an underhand,
treacherous, stab-in-the-dark method of
gambling. Iam through with it, sir. Yes,
sir, | certainly am through with it.’

“I got together the requisite nuinber for
the game that evening, and my Charleston
friend who had in gettime religion de-
veloped such a disapproving view toward

over to the cottage to watch the game.

“There ia no sin to watch it,’ he ex-
plained to me, rather elaborately, on the
way over. ‘There is sin in the world all
around one, and one has to live in the midst
of it, and, in a way, participate in the re-
sulte of it.’ .

“It wasa right tidy game,and my Charles.
ton friend, sitting behind my chair, watched
it with a kindling eye that became more
fevered and sparkling every minute the
game progressed. He shook his head
re too, over some of my poker errors,
for he was in a position to see my hands,
and occasionally he'd lean over and breathe
religious maledictions into my ear for
something peculiarly fat headed that I'd
done with my papers, according to his
really expert view.

“Toward —n one of the seven in
the game had to drop out in order to write
som P letters at his cottage for the morning
mail.

“'Oh, here, kick in, parson,’ I said to
fny friend from Charleston who'd got re-
ligion. ‘Take that empty chair over yon-
der. You're due to be trimmed, Overdue.
Come on in. The splashing’s fine.’

“I could see by his hungry eyes that a
great tumult was going on in his breast.

“ ‘It's five dollar limit you al! are play-
ing, isn't it?’ he said, finally, after a long
pause, ih a hoarse tone that told of his
nner conflict. =

“ ‘Five dollar jimit,’ aaid I,

“Well, I'm glad of tha,’ said he, as he
made the empty chair in"two atrides and,
plumped into the seat, ‘because, suhs, five
dolhihs is the limit in the 'Piscopal Church!’

“Then he bought a stack and cleaned
the lot of us to a fare-you-well.”

 

NEW NOTIONS IN TOWN,
Private Mugs, Family Shooting Irons,
Purses, Straw Hats and the Subway.

The idea of having one’s own mug in one’a
favorite cooling off station took hold re-

cently and has been spreading faster than
it ever did before. No longer will barber

 

 

  

 

|

iD

Sa Peer

SIGHTS IN THE MARSHES

MISSED BY THE AVERAGE MAN
IN THE ADIRONDACKS. wximd

 

The Carpet of Moss a Marvctions Mosalo of
Many Colore—Deor at the Weter Bide
—tllence and Lenetiness of the Depthe
of the Vorest--Bird Life in the Woeds.

Osaoop Lakr, N. Y., Aug. 3.--Most per-
sons that navigate the lakes and penetrate
the forests of the Adirondacks avoid the
marshes. In doing thus they miss much
that is beautiful, curious and interesting.

On one side of Oagood Lake, as ft narrows
to its outlet, the Osgood River, a tributary
of the St. Lawrence, extend many acresof
marsh. Across the river from the marsh
rises a pineclad point, warm, brown with
the undisturbed pine needles that have
fallen for innumerable seasons, snaking @
deep rich soil. The view down the river
is stopped by a welter of purple, forestolad
mountains. Everywhere the marsh is edged
by the shining waters of lake and river.

The adventurous explorer pushes the

| nose of his light boat into the marsh at a
the game of draw followed the troupe |

point where a convenient tree aids debarka-
tion and finds himself treading upon a
thick, soft carpet of spongy coarse moss.
The surface is elastic, but the moses is water-
soaked, and to stand five minutes in @
single spot is to sink several inches into the
yielding soil.

The carpet of moss is a marvellous mosaio
of many colors— pale green, dark green,
yellow, sorrel, bright red. Wherever the
eyes rest these colors in every variety of
shade and tint are spread upon the level
surface of the marsh. Here and there are

| s>0te where the mors rises a little above

shops hold the monopoly of the private |
mug. Mr. Jones will go into his corner ,

saloon, order a glass of beer and drink it
out of his private mug. There is a certain
hygienic advantage in the custom.
Another example of a habit newly eequired
comes from the ranks of the architects who

flat dwellers have suffered while small boye
on mischef bent rang their electric bells
and ecurried away in high good humor.
Thie is about to cease.

|
|
|
'
|

the general surface and upon such spote
ama!) evergreens commonly grow, while
the pigeonberry wanders with delicate
green lacelike sprays in and out among the
little tree trunks.

The vegetation of the marsh is greatly
varied, for although the moss is every-
where it is only a sort of surface upon
which and through which grow many
higher planta. At this season thespectabilis
orchid shows its green fruit and another
orchid is blooming in exquisite rich purple.

The wild oxalis is here,and a low laurel
shows abundant smail dark pink blossoms.
Pitcher planta show their rich mahogany
colored blossoms at the tops of their long
pliant stems and their odd water holding
leaves, like the veined ears of .some anl- -
mal, half buried in the moes. The plant
called Labrador tea seizes any unocoupied
area, and where the forest thickens giant
ferns clothe the ground.

As the marsh deepens into woodland the
character of the vegetation changes. The
moas disappears or changes in character.
The ground is still spongy and interlaced
with obscure little streams. Evergreens
and deciduous trees of many kinds struggle
for existence in the shade.

They grow upon the fallen and decayed
trunks of their predecessors and few sound
and shapely trees reach large size, Ip
every direction the trunks, living and dead,
are crossed and interlaced at many angles.

Feeble slender maple shoots straight
and tall as if racing with the evergreens
for light and air. Here and there the moun-
| tain ash shivers in its own lacy shade.

build the apartment houses. For years ! Yellow birgh, beech and maples ere moss-

| grown from the ground to the top,” and
‘many of the evergreens are decorated
| with pendulous moss as with a grayish
; green Bmoke. : ;
Few birds actually inhabit the marsh,
hough the stupid marsh hen occasi

: a t onally
The architects have joined the ranks of shows herself, and waits until the explorer

the new idea gatherers. They are honoring
the small boy by paying attention to
him and arranging the rows of push but-
tons at a height no ordinary small boy can
reach. It will take a full grown person to
ring the bell in the flat of the future, and a

great part of the joy of the Manhattan | hears the amazi

urchin’s life will he taken away from him.

Women, as a rule, fear and avoid lethal | The white thr
A revolver scares thern into the |

weapons.

bedroom behind a locked door. Yet the

is within a boat's length before taking

wing. Across the river and outlined in a

majestic Z against the warm blue of the

| esky floats the great blue heron. Hawks
soar low over the neighboring uplands in
search of prey.

Where the marsh begins to be forest one
ly loud and rapid rat-tat-
pecker in a dead tree top.

oated sparrow gives his _
soul crv from the edge of the forest, and t
exquisitely rich and sad call of the hermit
' thrush floats over the tops of the wilderness

tat of a great w«

new idea is to,teach the wife or the sister | like the voice of its own unvisited depths

how to handle a shooting iron with skill and
dexterity.
Families which never in the past felt the

No beast shows itself upon the eee
daylight save perhaps a sleek muskrat,
which goes souse into the lake or the -
est inlet at the sight of man.

need of a revolver have set aside a hidden | oceasionally sun themselves on the logs

corner where reposes the loaded six shooter.
The timid young wife has been taught how
to shoot the thing.

The bathing suit was once regarded as

an article of apparel to be rented at some |
summer resort and used for a few hours, | land and the edge of the lake, but

Now all is changed. The bathing suit is
as necessary to the modern New York fam

that drift to the edge of the marsh, and as
| gosn * oe ae fringe os marsh
‘orest invisible squirrels
with the rapid chatter whiah sousde xe
the winding of & mer @: :

Porcunines frequent the marshy

7

like the other creatures. The A

i native kills the porcupine at every

ily | tunity, because of the fact that dogs in

as the furnace or the washtubs or the! pursuit of deer used often to fall in with

kitchen range.

It is purchased down on Twenty-third
street or Sixth avenue and it is kept until
the family moves to the seashore or jaunta

the spiny brothers, and come out of the

} ensuing fight punctured in hundreds of
} pase. Hounding has been illegal for some

down to Coney Island or Rockaway Beach. |

years, but the traditional hatred of the

hedgehog persists.
ll owes the marsh and all through the

Then it is used as a bit of private property | ¢orast on its edee are the marks of the deer.

and enjoyed assuch. The bathing suit is re-
ferred to here in the singular number, but
of course, in big families it is plural and gen
erously 80.

The next new idea is even more mys-
terious. A vegetable grows in Southern
climates named the paw-paw, after wh
the little town in Michigan is named. New

orkers have begun to otter a liking
for it. The W-paw cannot be bought
in New York for love or money, but it can
be ordered from the South at a very small
cost and its taste has made it popular with
the limited class which knows of its ex-

ist ;

Wee newest phase of the money question
is that New Yorkers have come to the cone
clusion that carrying a purse is all wrong.
resent day New Yorker is satisfied
to have hia maney jingling around in his
trousers pocket. If he has bills he stuffa
them away in any one of a half dozen
ets, but he has decided that the purse
or bill holder is no longer the real necessity
it once was. Hence the exit of the purse
in Manhattan amene wt.

The next on the list of new ideas relates
to straw hats, which from time immemorial
have been cleaned in New York by pulic
stations at’25 cents each. No longer are
straw hats cleaned in public, speaking
generally. They are taken home, accom-
panied by any one of a dozen hat cleansers,
and the official cleaner for the family a

lies the preparation with a toothbrush.

ext morning the faded straw appears
once again in all the freshness of the rose,
and a ten cent package of cleaning stuff
will last for several months.

A situation in ethics confronta the ob-
server in the eighth new idea. For years
it has been the general belief that a man
or a woman who lived in New York was
ible for the entertainment of his
friends m West whenever
arrived on the island. The

aa ng, aceaysing to usage, was to

the proper , theatres, slum
viewing gxpeditions, monuments, parks,
water tri

, Street car rides and so on for
the t of the strange Westerner and

or
such

last deal,’ '

“aint be looked astonished, but an t| atearmmnay, te, sud ystcanaer with all
gave him the details of what I had seen It was never taken into consideration
be, hesna to jours Soe, seus .naleon that a New Yorker going home to his

ng on this voyago is at an end.’ native Western town received just about as

playi
*He gazed out in @ sort of

much attention as a newly arrived crate

isappointed eggs
way at the heaving sea, and urning =. new ed wees New ox an ae
a pleading countenance pon me, he said: | expense be hanged. This is the founda-
**Kunnel, don’t yo’ all break it up, fo’ | tion of a new idea.
Gawd's sake! Why, man, there ain't The result is that New Yorkers are be-
other game that we can get into, suh, within ginning to act just like the residents of
fifteen hund L Bites ° » uh . other cities. ey are telling the new
Then Tom ae es Carolina arrivals to go guide books and look
and New York oe gee Ghowt © peaer the town over, just as they would be told
plaver w got . - if they as strangers in St. Louis,
Met him at le last winter,” said | Pittsburg, or any one of a dozen
Mr. Middleton, “for the first time m anum- | other Western cities.
bee, of years, Gude tex in the '80s The most astonishing new idea of all,
‘908 something | which has taken two years to eat ita way
on all of the poker players of Charleston, | into the thinking apartment of uptown
nae Ghove Were Gard BFS Souls. GoeS nee Now Yorkers, is thet 6 subway ex ele
w2,etr, in and year out in Charleston he Pras teak cal « hell einatun tacinothe
tnd’ reckon he'd Torgot tore eigen ily ae ua ae ee oe

}

ch | tothe lake alone its edge and

|

Their little raths, punctuated in the early

»' mornine with tiny hoofprints, traverse the

moss in every direction. You may trace
them bv the darker sorrel of the moss in
the track of the deer.

These fascinating little paths lead down
back into the
forest. Here they may often be t
by the fact that where they pass the ex-
nosed roots of the trees are bared of moss.
No deer is visible in broad daylight, but
while as yet the hunting season has not
begun, the patient waiter on the otgeot Be

| marsh after sunset is apt to be rew

gies ei aemeeaneteniinsensiatis

sé

for his pains by a glimpse of shy, swift
forma emerging from the forest and travere-
ing the little runwavs to the lakevor river,
there to drink or to feed upon lily pads,

The does even venture out with
fawns before the hunters have made the
deer timid. Meanwhile the maze of paths
and other siens show that the deer must
be thick in the foreat, thourh their haunts
are within earshot of the railway trains.

To the eye that is indifferent to the charm
of curious vegetation and the loneliness
of the wilderness the marsh and ite forest
edge are apt to be depressing. Travel
within the forest is putremety laborious
because the tangle of fallen trees in all
stages of decay is hard to penetrate.

So long as the ground is flat and marshy
the growth of timber is not so dense as to
resent great difficulties to the ex ,
but ax the land rises the timber thickens,
and one comes to orest surrounding
the fastnesses in which the deer take ref

by day. So difficult of approach are ti
depths that. most hunters prefer to take the
deer at feed after sunset.

The silence and loneliness of the deep
forest are always matters of surprise to the
inexperienced visitor, for here even the
birds are seldom visible, and one rarely
sees anv beast but the red squirrel. Only
hours of watching sufilee to suow the shyer
cenjpene of the forest, ond one mareh, with
te flowers and sunshine, edging o!
less waters and ita brilliant sky, ie cheorful
compared with the sombre depths beyond
its limits.

aaa --- = — soil
e

Motoring Over the Simpion.
From the Ladies’ Pictorial.
The Swiss passes area aradually being
opened to motor traMlce. ‘The latest to
abandon prejudiced was 18 the Simpion,
but coupled with this concession to progress
the authorities of the Wallis Canton make
certain stipulations, Including the by. ne
means agreeable one that when meeting
pedestrians, cattle or horse drawn vonage
the man at the wheel must steer tous
outer edge of the road awny f me e
tection of the inner curve toward the ust
unprotected side bordering on the preoi
Considering the dangeroys nature
mountain motoring at its best, ne ey,
be excu if this rule does not tend. -
rity in taking this way into italy.
especially as non-opeeryanpe of t
tion is punishable by the infliction
varying tr 20 to frances on’ -
yh Fag hy (hritty Swine) can
e
obtained at the Conder a ‘tris
< epass. _

and at Grondo, on either