%
b.

} Fy
i
'

H

oe ires:

LS =

BSL SPS.

=
Ss

fae

—

a

ae.
-

+
=

saatige- seen

age en:

eens +

  

     
  
 
  
   
   
  
  
  
    
 

 

sik
hw
hie
so
r ’
Hai
iy
hat
i 5 |
x!

ed ‘|
yi [
ae

ee eee aie os sa ms : ee ii side ii “= — = one ie OE, Sane on ee .

yy

aye 7
<i
FY aft

oki

-

 

  
 
   

RANCGIIMEN
EYES ON THE MARKET.

Revolution tn the Business of Cattic Haising
—Customs That Are Disappearing With
the Cowboys—But There Are Postsl-
bilities of Excitement Even Nowadays.

All work stops in the Kansus wheat flelds
when the baseball scores come in. Twenty
spans of mules, drawing unwieldy ma-
chines in an ever widening swath around
the field of glittering grain, drew up to the
‘ence and hooked their heads over one an-
other's necks in restful ease, while their
drivers hastened over to the corner where a

sali boy with a field telephone was chalk- |

ing up on a regularly marked off board

the scores of half a dozen games in as many |

Ciies. Five miles, away beyond the wheat
and the alfalfa were the ranch buildings,
while far to the north, over twelve miles
of shining prairie, lay a thin curl of smoke
from the nearest railroad train. '

“Say, Lon, who's pitchin’ for the New
Yorks to-day?”

Lon didn’t know, but a moment at the
telephone and the distant telegraph office
told him, at the same time giving him the
final score of the Louisville game, which
brought a cheer from a son of Kentucky
who had some way strayed into the Kansas
wheatfields

The little group is joined by men from
the mowing machines in the purple alfalfa
field adjoining, and in a moment the men
come from the high wheeled cultivators
almost hidden from sight in the dark green
corn across the :oad All gather around

the score board, pushing and bantering |
one another like the keenest fans that ever ,

crowded Park row, 2,000 miles away.

“Say. Lon,” calls out a tall youth as the |

perspiring Lon pauses in bis efforts to keep
pace with the telephone, “find out about
that boat race, will you?”

“Aw, my aon, mathin’ doin’ for the Hoi-
voids,” cones the answer, and the repre-
sentative eé Harvard retires to the shade
of a stack, while the crowd cheers over the
victory of » Ct ro Cubs.

Then from the direction of the ranch house
comes a distant benk, honk, ana the men
settle down in the shade as an automobile
drives uj, and big cans of iced tea and Jemon-
ade and |.as\.ets of sandwiches are handed
out. Twenty minutes later the ma hines
are at work arain, singing their way through
the grain until sundown. lerhape the next
day the cutting will be five miles the other
side of the ranch houge, but wherever the

en

men are there in the afternoon goes the |
score board, swung on the top of a barbed |

wire fence. and there, too, comes the boy
and hus field telephone.

Kansas in har\ est time is a vast checker-
board, level as @ noor, w.th 116 fields laid out
in square cleancut lines; first the yellow of
the wheat, then the purple of the alfalfa,
heavy with bloom, after that the deep rich
green of the corn, almost ready to break
into tassel and finally the lighter green of
the pasture land, just touched with brown
from the sumer heat. There are no three
cornered deids in Kansas, there are no te.
acre lois. Everything is done on the quar-
ter section basis and a field that measgur_s
leas is conte:nptuovsly termed a patch.

Afternoon tea and field bulletin boards
are inro.etions in ordinary rench life, but
they are only indications of change that
has come over the wuole rural industry in
the Wes, chanzes that would cause the big
mustached ranchman of twenty years ago
to grow purple with horror. A ranchman
in Kansas to-day may not have a dozen
head of cattle on aii his acres, but he is still
a ranchman, and perhaps next year he will
have thousands of head.

The Kansas ranchman of to-day follows
the market as closely as does a Wall Street

 

 

 

LAWN TENNIS TROPHY THAT HAS
Mia PASSED TO AUSTRALASIA,

Seven Years of Competition fer the Chef
Prize of the Game—America, Eagiand,
the Antipedes, Belgium, France and
Austria Have Tried —Resuits of Matches

The seventh competition for the Dwight |

F. Davis international lawn tennis trophy
has been finished, with the result that the

Australasians, Norman E. Brookes and |

Anthony F. Wilding, have carried it away
from the country which it has adorned

since England defeated America in 1903. |

It is odd to note that these two are the
game players who in 1905 were shut out
by the Americans in the final preliminary
tie The American players then were
Beals C. Wright, Holcombe Ward and Willam
A. Larned. Although Asutralasia had the
game men in this year as on that occasion
they were different players. The difference
in quality was great.
was the player that the Brookes of 1005
promised. There was not #o great ad-
vance on the part of Wilding, but an un-
doubted improvement there was.

Since Dwight F. Davis of St. Louis offered
the trophy which bears his name for an
international lawn tennis match in 1900
many countries have interested themselves
in the competition. The trophy passed
from America to England and from England

to Australasia, Besides these three Belgium, |

France and Austria challenged for the
bowl.
the attempts, none of their players ever

having won a match against the teams |

they drew. In the seven competitions held
since it was first offered England has com-

peted every time, America has been a con- |

tender six times, Australasia has tried

tnree times, being successful or the oo- |

casion of the third try.

England defeated America three times
and Belgian once. Amevica defeated Eng-
land twice, Australasia twice and France
once. Australasia defeated America once,
Austria once and England once. Altogether,
taking preliminaries and finals, there have
been twelve series of matches for the trophy.
The Australasians bave won 12 out of 18
matches in singles znd 1 out of 5 in doubles.
America won 17 out of 34 matches in singles
and 5 out of 8 in doubles, The English
won 17 out of 26 in singles and 6 out of 7
in doubles. Australasia is superior in
aingles and England in doubles.

The best individual record by all odds is |

that of Hugh L. Doherty, English champion
from 1902 to 1906, inclusive. He played
és eight international matches and never
was beaten. S. H. Smith and Frank L.
diseley also have clean scores, Smith win-
ning four and Riseley two internationals.
Wilding and Brookes each have won six
and lost two matches in singles. As a
team they were beaten twice this year
in Davis cup doubles.

The only American players with clean
ecores are Malcolm D. Whitman and D. F.
Davis, who played in the earlier inter-
national series. Whitman won three and

lost none. The donor of the cup played
one match, which he won. William

played in eight matches, losing
four.” Holcombe Ward loat three out of
@even. William J. Clothier, the national

A.

>

|
NOW KEEP THEIR |

DAVIS INTERNATIONAL BOWL

The Brookes of 1907 |

The last three were outclassed in >

operator.

the closing market price of the various

, commodities he has to soll.

Iie studies the markets and the conditions
governing them, and he ts prepared to use
hia knowledge to advantage. Twenty years
ago the Kansas ranchman raised long
| horned steers and the farmer raised corn.
| To-day both raiso whatever promises the

largest and surest profit.

“The eattlo ranch in Kansas is as ox-
tinct as the dinosaur,” said Col. J. L. John-
son of Reno county. “There are a few

| weak imitations left out in the short grass

| country, but they are no more ranches
such as we used to know twenty years ago
| than is Central Park

| “Just to call them ranches is enough

 

oe ne EE:

 

 

to make an old timer turn over in his grave

Then it was an insult to be called a farmer,
Now we come right up and answer to the
name.

“We used to be proud to tell how many
acres we owned and how many bead of

cattle we grazed. Now these figures mean
nothing at all. What counts is how rauch

an acre the land pays, and if it will pay
more in wheat of alfalfa, or if corn fed
mules bring a bigger price than corn fed
cattle, then wheat or mules it is, aid never
a thought for the traditions we were brought
up on.

“About eight years ago the great prairies
completed the transition from cattle raising

to cattle feeding. From raising leggy. long

of corn if they saw it and that lived t!.e year
round on native grasses, eked out by a
little sorg!.um fodder when the snow was
deep, we went into the bus.ness of producing
beer.

“We found that the land used for grazing
would raise the best corn on earth, and
that this coru fed to cattle just about
doubled our returns. This discovery was
the first step in the breaking up of the big
ranches, and has led to so many others as
to constitute practically a revolution in the
industry.

“The famous Dewey ranch, the largest
in Kansas and the scene of a feud, is Leing
divide! an: sold as farms. The Rocke-
felier ranch in a neighboring county is
also being sald piecemeal, and the | orsha
rauch in Reno county, while kee; ing its
bounuaries unbroken, is teing worked
on a colonization scheme that makes it
more of a farm than a ranch in the old time
meaning of the word.

“It is the high valuation of

the land

| that is res; onsille for its cecline as a catile |

| raising or cattle ffeeuing plant. Land

 

champion now, won twice and lost once.
Raymond D. Little, captaim of the 1905
team, won once and lost three times.

Karl H. Behr and Robert D. Wrenn both
lost two matches.

In doubles Holcombe Ward played four
| times on winning teams. He and Davis
won once, Ward and Wright won twice and
Ward and Little won once. Behr and
Wright won once. The Wrenns, R. D.
and G. L., Jr., lost the only international
match they played.

After Dwight Davis offered the tronhy
the British sent over in 1990 a team made
up of A. W. Gore, E. D, Black and H. Roper-
Barrett. It is curious to note that Gore

and Roper-Barrett were thedefending Eng- |

lish team this year. America's players
were Malcolm D. Whitman the unbeaten;
Holcombe Ward and the donor, Dwight F.
Davis. Whitman beat Gore and Davis
| defeated Black the opening day at Long-
wood. and on the day following Gore and
Black succumbed to Ward and Davis, then
| the American champions. The matches
| on the third day were started, but rain
| stopped them after Davis and Gore had
played a while. The Englishmen let. the
two remaining go by because they Were
pxeety beaten and had to take steamer for
| home.
The year following a challenge was
made by the British, but at the last moment
| notice was sent that a team could not be
| made up. However, the year following,

| 1902, the lish sent across again after
| the trophy: r. J. Pim and the Dohertys
were the challengers. The play was started

at the Crescent 4. C. Larned Regi-

came on. play was stopped. The
next day the same pairs went at it, and to
the surprise of all Reginald Doherty pro-
ceeded to take three sets and beat Larned.
Pim won a set from Whitman, but the latter
waa. not so easily to be daunted and re-
sponded by defeating the British cham-
pion of 1893 and 1894 a love eet. The other
singles were payed off the same day and
the cup was won again then and there.
Larned defeated Pim and Whitman de-
| feated Doherty, both in straight sets. The
| doubles were played and the Dohertys
| gave an exhibition of their quality by de-
| Rating Ward and Davis, the American
hampions. It was the same year that the

lish pair won our championship in
doubles.

States was 1903. At Longwood the English
renewed the struggle for the bow!. Hugh
Doherty played and won a straight set
match wit hert D. Wrenn. Fate seemed
to be kind to America, because R. F. Do-
herty strained his shoulder at Nahant
playing doubles five days before the in-
ternationals and had to default to W. A.
Larned.
doubles the next day. late Harold 8S.
Mahony, the former English champion,
was the other player brought along, and the
Englishmen did not think well of his doubles
play. They got permission to delay the
nomination of their doubles players until the
moment of entering the court. Fate really
was on their side, because a two days rain
gave Doherty's shoulder a chance and he
was all right when at length the doubles
want on

n.
ve set match between the Do-
bertys and Wrenns resulted in a victory
for the Englishmen. Then followed an
unfortunate incident in the international
play. Hugh Doherty played Larned in
singles. ith me score two sets apiece and
the games four all in the fifth set Doherty
was serving with the score 15-40 against
him. A ball boy got in the way of the lines-
man after the next service and a ball waved
back ag baraed was called out. Those
. omarte wee sure that it =e ie,
v game was replaye
an Doherty won it. Larned won the next
game on own service, but was beaten

AN OLOTIME FHANTCH.

horned cattle that wouldn't know an gar '

ie Beals |
C. Wright won three times and lost once. |

nald Doherty by two sets and Whitman |
had the same lead over Dr. Pim when rain |

The fatal lawn tennis year for the United |

The English were to have played |

that would raise 50 cent corn was too
valuable to pasture a $20 steer, and land
that would raise 99 cent whegt was too
good to raise 50 cent corn.

“On the other hand, a feeding plant on |

a ranch could be used for one purpose as
well as another, and when hogs were high
and conditions were such that they promised
to go higher what was the use of spending

| time feeding cattle, the price of which was ,

steadily going downward.
“Three years ago the Forsha ranch was

fully stocked with cattle, which were fed ,

 

 

ls.
but R. F. Doherty defeated Wrenn after a

the cup, 4—1
Aimerica did not send a team in 1904.
| The Belgians did and were beaten 5-0.
| Phe next year, 1905, was the banner year
| for the cup. Owing to the entry of so many
teams play had to be split up. America
| defeated [Trance 5—0 and Australasia did
| the same for Austria. America beat the
Antipodeans 5—0. There was some fear of
| the doubles because the
| had beated the Dohertys in an exhibition
five sgt maich before tho finals of the pre-
limia The

| withdraw because of a death in his family
| and Clothier, who took his place, did not
| do anything in the one match he played.

The disaster to Wright and the poor play
| of Kreigh Collins, the Westerner, before the

American tearm left in 1906 discounted in
| advance the chances of the Americans.
| Wilding beat both Ward and Little in singles,
| but Ward defeated Poidevin and the Ameri-
| cans won in doubles. It was up to Little in
| his match with Poidevin and he won it,
iving the Americans the right to meet the

ritish. However, they were beaten there
five straight.

The difficulties before the Americans
| this year in the way of getting a team made
the situation something of what it was in

England. Behr and Wright did what they

could, and the opinion is that they did well

enough under the circumstances. In Brookes
they met the man whom the British declare
to be the greatest singles player that ever
| lived. That kind cannot be beaten. If
| Behr had beaten Wilding in their five set
| match the first day of the internationale
| America might have had the cup back.
It is the consensus that that match waa the
| turning point of the whole struggle.
Whether the Australasians will leave
the cup in England or whether America
and England will have to go to the Antipodes
| to get
are going to compete
pionships are

here in our cham-

lawn tennis players from all over to com-
| pete for it that object seems to have been

| achieved. However, the life of the cup |

| will be about over if it is to be taken to
| Australasia.

There America may make one try for it,
but it is a very long trip and everything is
against the challenger. England may look
on and say, “Now you know how it
with the America’s cup.” America ought

| to go on trying for the trophy until ic is
won, back, lawn tennis followers here be-
| lieve, bu: the demands of a trip to Austra-
| lasia are not slight. However, it is not so
| far from India as it is from the United
States, and some of the Indian champions
who took part in the recent All-England
championships may go after it. Tasmania
might try to wrest it from New Zealand,
| but if the cup goes all the way to the home
of Brookes and Wilding there is small
| chance that there will be any more inter-
national competition for that trophy.

| the Davis cup since it was first offered,
| with all the scores, is set forth below:

1900.
AMERICA VS, BNOLAND,
M. D. Whitman, Amertca, defeated A. W. Gore,
{ England, 6--1, 6--3, 6-32.
D. F. Davis, America, defeated FE. D. Black,
| Engiand, 4-6, 6—2, 64, 64,
H. Ward and D. F. Davis,
A. W. Gore and E, D. Black, En
Other matches given over
had to return home,
. 1902.

AMERICA V8. ENGLAND.
R. F. Doherty. England, defeated W. A. Larned,
America, 2-~6, 5-7, 6--8, 6-4, 6-4.
M. DL, Whitman, America, defeated Dr. J. Pim,

Amertea, defeated
jand,6—4,6~-4,6-—4,
cause Englishmen

land, 6-1, 6), 1--6, 6--0,
._F. and H. L, Doherty, England, defeated H.
were and D. F. Davis, America, 3-6, 10-6, 6-3,

W. A." Larned, America, defeated Dr. J. Pim,

Eng and, 6-8, 6—2. 6--

. D. Whitman, America, defeated R. F. Doherty,
Englend, 6—1, 75, 6—4.

RNEADQUARTERS GF THE PIODENN

It might have made some difference, |

ood five set match and the English took |

Australasians |

’ Americans were outclassed |
} in the final with England. Ward had to |

it and whether the Australasians |
interesting questions now |
| that the Davis cup is won for the year |

| If the object of the donor of the trophy |
was to provide a cup that would draw |

feels |

A summary of the matches played for |

AUGU

 

7TA

’

in the most scientific manner rmd pre-
pared to bring the very top price on the
market.
twenty-four hours the Forsha manager
had every hoof on the place on the way to
Kansas City. He struck the market at
its highest point and it has never been 60
high since.

“The next year the ranch fairly swarmed
with hogs and the big fields s:retching
o® to the horizon were al] planted in com
for the fall fattening. Hogs were high
that year, and so was cOrn, and the Forsha

 

 

 

AMERICA V8. ENGLAND.
H. L. Doherty,
America, 6-0, 6—3, 6—4
W. A. Larned, America, defeated R. F. Doherty,
England, by default
k. I. aad HM, L. Doherty, England, dete ated R. D
L. Wrenn, Jr., America, 7-9, 7-5, ®7

H. L. Doherty, Pugiend, defeated W.. A. Lamed,
America, 6-3, 6-8, 6-0, 2—6, 7-5.

R. F. Doherty, Engiand, defeated R.. D. Wrenn,
America, 6—1, 3-6, 6—3, 6-6, 6—4.

ENGLAND V8. BRLGIUM.
F LL Riseley, England, defeated W. Lemaire,
6—2

and G .
a.

Belgium, 6—1, 6—1, 6—2. :
H. L. Doberty, Saguepe. defeated P. de Borman,
Beigium, 6—4, 6—1, 6—1. .
. and R. F. Doherty, Bagiand. defeated W.
| Lemaire and P. de Borman, Belgium, 6--0, 6--1, 6-3,

Riseley, Fngland, defeated P, de Borman,
Belgium, 4-6, 6-2, BA, 7-5.

. L. Doherty, England, defeated W. Lemaire,
Belgium, withdrawn because of |liness.

AMERICA V8. FRANCB-—-PRELIMINART

HM. Ward, America, defeated M. Germot, France,
6-2, 6-3, 6--1.

eW’. J. Clothier, Amertoa, defeated M. Decuglg,
France, 6--4, 6-4, 6—4

H. Ward and B,C vives. America, defeated
M. Germot and M. Decugis, France, 6~—2, 6-2, 6-2.

MH. Ward, America, defeated M. Decugis, France,
6-72, 6—2, & 1.

W. J. Clothier, America, defeated M. Germot,
France, 6-3, 5-7, 6-1, G3.

AUSTRALIA V8, AUSTKIA--PRELIMINABY,

A. F. Wilding, Australasia, defeated C, von Wes-
sely, Austria, 6, 6-3, 7-5, 6--1.

N. FE. Brookes, Australasta, defeated R. Kinzl,
Austria, 6-1, 6-0, 6-2.

N. FE. Brookes and A. W. Dunlop, Australasia, de-
feared Cc. von Wessely and R. Kinzl, Austria, 9-7,
6-2, 7-3. .

N. ¥. Brookes, Australasia, defeated C. von Wes-
sely, Austria, 4-0, 6--2, 6-2.

A. F. Wilding, Australasia, defeated R. Kinagl,

Austria, 6-3, 4—4, (2, (4
AMERICA V8. AUSTRALABIA— FINAL.
W. A. Lamed‘ America, defeated N. E, Brookes,

Australasia, 14-12, 6-0, 6-3.
B. C, Wright, a, defeated A. F. Wilding,

Australasia, 6-3, 6--3, 6-3.

B.C. Wright and H, Wad, America, defeated
N. E. Brookeg and W. A® Dunlop, Australasia,
ae 7-8, 5-7, 6--2.

’ A. Larned, America, defeated A. F. Wilding,
Australasia, 6-3, 6--2, 6-4

Australasia, 12-10, 5-7, 12-10, &
AMERICA VS. ENGLAND—CHALLENGB,
HL. Doherty, England, defeated H. Ward,
| America, 7-0, 4—4, 6--1, 6-2, 6)
S. H. Smith, England, defeated W. A. Larned,
America, 6-4, 6-4, 5-7, 6—4.
|". F. and H. L. Doherty, England, defeated
| H. Ward and B. C. Wright, America, 10, 6-2,
6--2, 4--6, 5--4. :
H. L. Doherty, England, defeated W. A. Larned,
| America, 6—4, 2~.6, 6-8, 64, 6-—2.
8. H. Smith, England, defeated W. J. Clothier,
America, 3-6, 6-1, 6-4, 6-3.

1906.
| AMERICA VS. AUSTRALASTA~-PRELIMLAART.

B. C. Wright, America, defeated N. E. Brookes, |
» 4.

ST 4, 1907.

eee aan

 

The market wavered, arid within |

|
|

 

 

 

}

|
|

 

|

tralasia, 8—-6, 4—4,
| A

oe uh ee xs ee.
ee

ON THE WAY

 
  

x.

 

hogs, fattened on corn grown there, tipped
the market.

“Last year mules promised the largest
return and the ranch was stocked to ite
full capacity with mules. They were prop-
erly fed and cared for and were rushed
to market just when every other man @t
the stockyards whs trying to buy mules.

“The same system is carried out in the
farming operations on these big places.
Their operations are carried on on a big
enough scale so that however the market
goes they can’t mias it.

 

| deteated N. E. Brookes and A. F. Wilding, Aus-

7—&, 6-3, 13—11.
W. Gore, England, defeated A. F. Wilding,

England, defeated 2. D. Wrenn, Aryiegens. 3-6. Ore oe 6—

, 6—2.
*. Brookes, Australasia, defeated H. Roper-~-
Barrett, England, 6--2, 6—0, 6--3.

WHERE THE TELEGRAPH BEGAN.

Morse’s First Success Now 28

Troliey Repair Shop.
Morristown, N. J., Aug. 3.—The machine

shop where Prof, Samuel F. B. Morse worked

 

| out his idea of the electro-magnetic tele-

graph and gave the first exhibition of the
instrument is now the. property of the
Morris County Traction Company and
will be used for car barns and repair shops.
The building formed part of the Speedwell
Iron Works and was built by Judge Stephen
Vail in 1812. It is now dilapidated.

Until Judge Vail died in 1864 it was oocu-
pied. Here was turned out the boiler
used on the steamship Savannah, whioh
was the firet vessel of its kind to cross the
Atlantic Ocean. .

While Prof. Morse was working on his

"pp THE SURCESSON or THE TERAT LONGHORNS WE
»\ AP

hn tenancies

 

 

TO MIA FH EZ,

“If wheat is low they store it away and
sell corn, and if both corn and wheat are
too low for a fair pr: fit into the bin go beth
and the alfaifa and prairie hay crops are
looked to for immediate profite,

“Kansas ig not the only Siate where cat-
the raising has been revolutionized. High
priced cotton is crowding out cattle in
Texas, once the great producing country,
and thousands cf acres that used to be given
over t grazing are now given over to agri-
culture. Mexico is now the creat cattle
producing country, and even there the farm-
ing fever is spreading.

“ Alth< ugh we havo gained cc naiderably
in moneymaking capacity we have lost a
lot of other things. The cowboy is so far in
the past as to be almost forgotten, and with

him have gone the bronco busting and other

Wild Wost performances that we are still

popularly credited with.

“A man who would run a steer down
now and rope him would be fired of the
ranch 8> quick he wouldn’t know what
had happened. Ln the first place the thick
bodied, short legged whiteface that is the
successor to the Texas longhorn couldn't
run if he tried, and in the second, such gentle
jog as he might get up under pressure would
mean the sacrifice of valuable pounds.

“We atill have amusements, though, even
though an old time cowboy would probably
have scorned them. Every ranch now-
adays keeps a pack of wolf hounds, and the

Long Island fox is not hunted more vigor-

ously than our own gray coyote. People

come from Chicago and Kanaas City for the
fun, and the ranch girls who used to wear
their father’s overalls and think nothing of
it now have to have their divided skirt habits
made by a Kansas City tailor.

“The cowboy’s successor on the Kansas

ranch is the harvest hand, though the

 

TURNS OUT WITH EASE-ANY DE-
SIRED BRAND.

What His Laboratory Contatos—Some Sur-
prising Feats With a Bottie—Ease
With Which He Deceives Purchasers
imitations of Well Known Cordials.

Some people call him a wine forger and

moment hie life would not be worth a bunch
of sour grapes. But I prefer to regard him
as an entertaining juggler, writes Armiger

does surprising feats with a magic bottle.
His apparatus, arranged on a narrow
shelf, consists of a dozen or so of small
glass stoppered bottles of various colored
liquids, a big jar of caramel and another
of silent apirit.
euch as an aerated water plant, but it is

    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
         

;
ag SSS SSS ss SSS ses aS sh SSS Sh SS

 

TRICKS OF THE WINE DOCTOR |

 

treat hirn according. In Narbonne at this

 

Barclay in the London Daily Mail, who |
| colored and sweeten

'
{

There are other things, | Picions the brandy

invention he came to the Speedwell: Iron | openly displayed downstairs. For the aera- |

Works to have some machinery made.
He also intended to paint a portrait of
Judge Vail's family. The works were in
charge of Alfred Vail, a son of the Judge.

Prof. Morse explained to young Vail
what he desired made, and the latter, in-
terested in the idea, offered to aasigt in con-
structing the machinery. The offer was
accepted and young Vail submitted the
proposition to his father, who furnished
funds for Morse to conduct his experi-
ments.

The machine was completed January
11, 1838, and placed on exhibition in the
foundry. Mrs. John H. Lidgerwood, a

| granddaughter of Alfred Vail, recalls her

grandfather's story of how the instru-
ment was placed in the factory,

“My grandfather has told me frequently
that the machine was
first floor,” said Mra.
about three miles of copper wire, insulated
by being wound around with cotton yarn
was coiled around the walls of the seco:
story. There are still aome of the hooks
in the side walls, and some of the original

Lidgerwood,

| wire I have in my possession.”
The 8 well works also supplied the
tires, axles and cranks for the first Kimorioan

 

locomotive and made the first cast iron
ough. These were turned out by Judge

. Ward, America, defeated L. O. 8, Poldevin, ail, who was a born mechanic proof
lasia, 6--2, 4&4, 7-5. .
aN ding, Australasia, defeated R, D. Little, of this Dr. Willard P. Vail tells the stor
America, 6—2, 8-6, 6—1. of how Visited the nail factory of Jeremiah
. Ward and R. D. Little, America, defeated | H. Pierson at Ramapo, N. J., and then
| A F a Wiiding and L. O. S. Poidevin, Australasia, | started one of his own.
| “$9 "\riiding, Australasia, defeated H. Ward, | “He could understand a machine at
| ale . 6, O-~6, 6-4, 8-6. | sight,” says the doctor. “How got

6-3, 3--6, 0-6, ° ,

|“ R. D, Little: America, defeated, L. 0, 8. Poldevin,

| Australasia, 6-2, 1-6, 7-5, 6-2

} AMERICA V8. ENGLAND—CHALLENOE.

| §. H. Smith, Pneland, defeated R, D. Little,
America, 6-4, 6-4, 6-1,

L. Doherty, Bagiend. defeated, H. Ward,

H,
America, 6--2, §—6, 6-3.
H s 2. F. Doherty, England, defeated
| H 4, &-6, 11-0,
10-8, Bet
| S&H. Smith, England, defeated H. Ward, America,
6-1, 6-0, 64.
H: L. Doherty, England, defeated R. 1D. Little,
' America, 3-6, 6-8, 6-8, 6--1, 6-3.
| 1907.

| AMERICA V6. \AUSTRALA®IA~ PRELIMINARY.

N. E. Brookes, Australasia, defeated B,C. Wright,
America, 6-4, 6-4, 6-2.

A. F. Wilding, Australasia, defeated K. H. Behr,
America, 1-4, 6-8, 3-6, 7--8, 6-8.

B.C. Wright and K. H. Behr, America, defeated
N. FE. Brookes and A. I’, Wilding, Australasia,
8--6, 12-10, 4--6, 6-2, 6-~2.

B. C, Wright, America, defeated A, F. Wilding,
Australasia, 6--8, 6-8, 6-4, \

N. E, Brookes, Australasia, defeated K. H. Behr,
America, 4~6, 6--4, 6-1, 6-2,

AUSTRALASIA VS. EXGLAND—CHALLENGE.

A. F. Wilding, Australasia, gfoated H, Roper-

Barrett, England, 1--6, 6—4, 6—3, 7-5.

Rn. D. Litte, Amer

N. EB. Brookes, Australasia, defeated A. W. Gore,
| England. Tb, O--1, T--5.
. Gore aud H. Reper-Barrett, England,

inside Pierson’s place I don’t know, ae it

| was against the rules to admit visitors to

| the establishment.

Oe

“By some means he found his way inside
and in the character of an unski) Country
boy wandered around in apparent stupid
wonder at what he saw. At len Mr.
Pierson saw him looking intently at the cut
nail machine. Instantly waving ban-
dana handkerchief m to
the entrance, telling him bluntly that he
had tne aarnene toete. ¥,

ng an awkward a ail
his leave, but he took that out bai] machi
peer e . He had seen enough.
Not long rward a cut nail machine was
at _ in Sore, “d Pie

“Many years afterwa: reon and V
formed an acquaintance. One da Mr. V;
asked Pierson if he knew how then
factory came to be started at Dover. Pier-

Sta a tng eect
me eieoarey
r. Vail

nails but .
i teh eta

laced upon t ° |

— Se

latter, on account of his scarcity, is a con-
siderably more important personage. The
cowboy used to carry his own outfit and
fry his”own bacon ovor a fire of his own
building. At roundup seaaons the chuck
wagon followed the men, <nd they out
in the shade of the wagon and. ate their a.
pork and soda biscuit out of a tin plate.

“The harvest hands on tho otedern ranch,
have their own dining room, sareened and
shady, with a screened in piaasa opening
from it. Their table is covered with white
oilcloth and is kopt spotless. There are
servants to wait on them, and the food is
ample, well cooked and of the best quality.

“At one ranch where I stopped during
harvest time we hai for dinner cor.) soup,
pot roast with brown gravy, stewed joma-
toes, boiled potatoes, bread, butter, woffee,
and rice pudding. On this ranch they
had an immense icehoude, large enoggh
to hang the four quarters of a beef. Tey
kill their own meat and grow practically
all their own vegetables.

“The old time ranchman's idea of wild!
excitement was a stampede. It was rather:
blood stirring, too--a couple of hundred long
horned Texans gone stark staring crazy
and careening wild over the prairie, sweep-
ing down everything ip their path. But
occasionally the modern ranchman can get
up an excitement that makes a stampede
look like Main street on Sunday afternoon.

“I was stopping at a ranch a few daya
ago, sitting on the porch reading and occee
sionally looking up to watch the men in,
the field haif a mile away. They were
cutting alfalfa, and the breeze brought me
the sweet warm smell and the steady whirr
of the mowing machines as the sixteen
spans of mules followed one another
around and around the thousand acre fielc’,

“4 big red motor car dashed by in the
road and honked a greeting, but the mules
never looked up. The manager of the
ranch, making his regular round of in-
spection, drove up io another car. The
mules did not even stiffen their cars, bu
flopped steadily on their way through
the mass of purple bloom.

“Then aa I watched one man stopped
his team and climbing down from his ma-
chine crossed to the water wagon for a
drink. The mules started to walk away
He shouted to them and they beg.w to
trot. Another man shouted and they
began to run. Then the team aheaa of
them, hearing the clatter, strained on tbe
lines and began to run too.

“in two minutes every mule had gone
crazy and was running madly over the big
fleld, the mowing machines clattering at
their heele, the long shining knivesa whir-
ring rtaenace to everything in their way
Think of it. Sixteen teams of mules
hitched to mowing machines running wild in
a thousand acre field.

“The men dropped lines and everything
else and with arms and legs clung tight to
the iittle seat. To fall off meant being out.
to picoos. One came near enough to the
fence to let go and roll off backward and
get under before another team came up to
him.

“One mule stumbled and fell and his mate
and the machine were piled on top of hira
and their screams were added to the din.
Another, overtaken by a machine, dropped
as if shot, his legs cut clean off.

“No one could stop them, no one could
do anything to help the men clinging to
the rocking, swaying seats. We could only
wait till the crazed mules became exhausted
and stopped. I believe they said it lasted
about twenty minutes, but I have seen
whole days that were shorter. When it was
over I found myself perched on top of a
windmill, a position not easily attained by
a man well on to 250 pounds. I didn't know
how I got there, I don't know yet; But I
know it took the rest of the morning to
down. I haye seen cattle stampedes that.
I thought were pretty exciting, but never
have I seen one that drove me to climb a
windmill. There is something to be ssid
after all for the new system of ranching.”

fe CF a ER

 

 

vintages
prices f.
la it

you've had to pay respectable

; 80? Or has he the power of sug-
gestion, like a presidigitator, who can
make you believe that you hear y

our
18 carat gold hunter ticking inside a boileci

egg!

Frese, of course, are new wines,” he
explains. “The addition of ¢ teaspoonful
of sterilized glycerine at onoe.
You ~—_ remember that when you've got
anew whiskey. It's worth knowing.”

I know some whiskeye that would need
a pint of glycerine to bottle at least to
make them palatable, and I begin for the
first time to suspect their source

“A whiskey or brandy properly made.
ought not to want glycerine, though,” he
observes, as if he had read my thoughts.
“Here's a brandy that I made yesterday
from silent spirit d onanthic ether,
with caramel,
dly differs from well matured natural
cognac. That's because it’s been heated | to
140 degrees Fahrenheit.”

My palate may be getting corrupted.
do not know; but in spite of natural s

seems above roach.
No does the champagne which te ‘his next
dexterous concoction. As far as I can see
it consists merely of a mixture of “Chablis”

tion of table waters is the wine doctor's | and “Hook” with which a little aerated

ostensible calling.

“Fact is, there’s too much wine made

.” he says. “Real wine, I mean.

It's not wanted. It keeps down the price.
Besides, it's wasting good land to plant
it with grapes just to keep up the old myth
that they're necessary for wine making.
Idon't wonder at the disturbance in France,
and I wouldn't mind betting that the regi-
ments that have mutinied were driven to it
by swallowing too much of the wine of the
country.”

He draws my attention to his row of
bottles with a comprehensive wave of the
hand.

 

 

|

2
|
|

water is required. He calls it Cuvée
laut lave Weed te aader th dese
ou ave thought it under the 36
of tinfoil anda label!
The doctor shrugs his shoulders. “ -
body can print labels and brand corks,”
ea Conterapsucusy, “Labels! The
aver man w dr anything and
enjoy it #0 long as it's labelled’ with one of
the few he's acquainted with,
Beaune’ or ‘Rudesheimer’ for instance
He imagines these are vintages, but they're
only districts and don't mean more than
the collective expressions beer or whiskey
e thing is to adapt the liquor to the
abel. if you want an illustration of what
mean, here's one.”
From the bottles on the shelf he takes

“See those? Wine in embryo. Tons of | benzoic acid, benzoic ether, acetic acid and

it! Give me good water”—he indicates an
innocent looking tap in the oorner—“and
I'll turn you out a bottle of anything you
’ like to name— while you wait!”

That is what I have come for. I ought
perhaps to explain that I originally met
the doctor in a distant colony, where men
talk more openly than they do here, and—
well, he knows that what I may set down
in eeint about him will convey no clue to
his identity.

“Mind you,” he goes on, “I don't object
to rea) wine in moderation, My own best
qualities have a base of sound sherry or
Burgundy. Take claret, for instance. w y
oon A Dordeaus some. ae a

ustralian Burgundy or ish Ri
water— watch while I do ina fow on
of French vinegar and 25 cent. of potato
spirit that's colorless and odorless and only
costs e we nee per iyo I can give
you chem y the same thing with mo
alcoholic strength?” . —

Presto! It is done. He pours some of
the renal into a wineglass and hands it
to me. It has the: look, smell and taste
of the wine for which I pay one and six-
penge a bottle.

“Total cost a fraction over three pence,
bottle and label included,” he exults.
“Hocks and Sauternes the same. A little
rea) sherry for the base, sufficient acidit:
say citrio—an astringent like tannic acid
te dry them, spirit and water in propor-
se ene there zon are' Leave out the

o and use white sugar syrup instead,
and you have Chablis.” °

A dis) ng druggist in a hurry could

not up & prescription more quickly
he manufactures wine before my
eyes. .I taste a “Niersteiner.”

“Light elegant dinner wine with good

b -Hochheimer dis-
»” he remarks in the tone of one uoting
2 eh? ‘The Chats ontt ond
round, ion't 10? You quite

ill oy

|
|

|

ether, cenanthic ether and glycerine-—a drop
or two of each—and fills the glass wit
the ever indisy ensable alcohol. raise the
colorless mixture to my lips and behold!
it is Maraschino!

“No troublesome or expensive processes
for me!” he protests. “There you have
about a pennyworth of different essences
that you'd pay sixrence for in a restat-
rant. I add cochineal to it,and it’s Kirech-
wasser—vanilla,and it’s whatever you like
to call or label it! You're astonished?

“If you were to a wine merchant
what I’ve told and shown you he'd pre-
tend astonishment; and if you printed it
some of them-—the ones the gap fits—woul
write to the papers for the sake of adver-
tisement and call you names!”

“What about yourself, though?” I ask
with polite anatenr

“Oh, I'm all right,” he declares. “In the
first place I'm of a retiring nature. I'm
doing a respectable trade in ‘minerals,’ and
only deal with reliable people! ides, |
take precautions—protect myaelf, You've
got to with a Government like ours! I buy
an occasional! cask of real stuff from a goo!
wine district—with labels for bottling
Yes, it lasts me a good while. A few thou-
sand bottles to the cask, in fact!” He
allows himself a wise little smile.

“But that's not what 1 wanted to talk
to you about. I've been thinking. You
can eee for yourself what a lot of money
there is in my business. About 200 pe!
cent. profit, roughly. Now, can't we deal’
If you were to stand in with me—put in 4
bit 80 as to enable me to increase my turn-
over—your name needn't appear, you know
sae might do big things. You see, my

n We

It sounds tempting. I almost yield to it

“Do you drink them yourself?” I ask
cautiously. J

“Not me!” disclaims the wine doctor.

That settles it. jeve he's a fraud
after all. Anyhow, I've never sent
“conscience m: * to the Chan of the
Exchequer, and I never will.