THE §&

 

ON,

Big Fleet to Start on the New York —
Yacht Club’s Annual Cruise.

SOME 250 PLEASURE BOATS EXPECTED TO GATHER AT GLEN COVE ON
THURSDAY—PROGRAMME OF THE CRUISE—TWO DAYS OF RACING

AT NEWPORT—THE CONTEST FOR THE ASTOR AND KING'S CUPS,

SS

vy. A

Funan oF THER

0

 

The big fleet of yachts enrolled in the
New York Yacht Club will start on its an-
nua] cruise to the eastward this week.
On Thursday afternoon the yachts will
gather at Glen Cove at this end of the Sound
and after a few formalities there in the way
of a meeting of the captains on the flagship
North Star they will proceed to the eaat-
ward on Friday morning.

This annual cruise has been a feature of
the yachting season ever since the club
was organized sixty-three years ago. Then
eight owners of small yachts, small as
yachts go to-day, met on board the
echooner Gimerack and elected the first
officers. Three days later seven of the
eight started to sail through the Sound,
touching at different points and finally
reaching Newport, then a little whaling
town.

The cruise has been held nearly every
year since and now it is the feature of the
yachting season. Other clubs have tried
te copy the New York Yacht Club, but
other clubs do not have the fleet of yachts
that are enrolled in the New York Yacht
Club. The Larchmont club used to cruise,
but gave it up some ye-rs ago and instead
inaugurated “race week.” The Atlantio
club used to cruise and last year combined
with the Seawanhaka’ Corinthian and the
Corinthian club of Philadelphia, but this
year these clubs have given up the idea
and the Philadelphia yachtsmen will later
on make a run down to Jamestown. Some
of the small clubs still have their cruises,
but in these there are seldom more than
twenty yachts.

In the New York Yacht Club cruise more
than three hundred yachts havetaken part
in years when there has been a race for the
America's cup, because then owners put
their vessels in commission and follow the
yachts that are etriving for the honor of
defending the cup. There is no cup race
‘bis year, but it is probable that there will
be 250 yachts in the squadron that will be
lead by Commodore Cornelius Vanderbilt.
These yachts will range in size from the
big steamship to the racing 30 footers,

HENLEY REGATTA BYOLUTION

er ee

GREAT CHANGES SINCE
LANTA FOUR ROWED THERE.
Old Trophies Discarded and New Ones In
troduced~Course Greatly Improved,
bot Old Timers Miss Sporting Feature
of Early Days—Better Racing Now.

English critics assert that if the Atalanta
oarsmen of New York who rowed the Lon-

 

don Rowing Club a match race nearly thirty | Providing

years ago wére to visit the Henley regatta
nowadays they would marvel at the changes
that have taken place. Asa rule English-
men are sticklers for established rules and
they possess a deep rooted sentiment for
timeworn customs. They hate the least
change of conditions in any important
sporting event, for it is their opinion that

WINSOME FIRST, AURORA
SECOND, JSTALENA THIRD.

a

j Comparison to the very earliest Henley

AT Ae | identical. The

 

the absolute perpetuation of date, location |

and so on renders the calculation of past | and of olub fron
only

and present at all possible.

Yet with all their conservatiem the evo-
lution has crept over the Henley fixture.
lrophies that were have been discarded,
while new ones have been introduced, The

course itself has undergone a change and | scorch an

indoubtedly for the better. One of the
nost noteworthy changes was that brought
abouf by Col. Frank Willan in 1886, when
y an edict he had the old Poplar Point

cleared away, and those who made it a | 1862

habit of going there to sit under the “cool
cvlonnade” and watoh the races made a
herce kick.
svreen from the heat.” The clump of
Liuwphes too on the opposite side of the
thames from the “Poplars” was cut down
und after that the course was mapped,
ineasured and laid out with a keener detail
but identical in length to the old one.
Ihese alterations flavored of a revolu-
and there were murmurs of dis-
content, but the rowing men soon saw the
unprovement, and the dissatisfaction wore
About this time the regatta was
extended from a two day session to three
and the extension pleased almost every
To a New Yorker belongs the credit
ng the first foreigner to invade Henley,
ana oi the change before and after his ad-
vent the Field prints a very interesting

tion,

away

elory

We do not here include such changes as
those of building mechanics, to wit, out-
ligeers, round ioomed oars, coxswainless
Pairs and fours, keeless boats, not to men-
tion ameaded rules of racing. These have
11 due course 'een common to the advance
°f all aquatics, and it would only be natural
that the pramier aquatic upion should
s.0ow landmurks when they severally came
into vogue. Nor need we hark back for

But they had to find another |

 

|
|
|

 

'
j

| ut for the

 

STARTING DOWNTRE WIND, EADIN

 

which is the smallest yacht enrolled in the | time during the afternoon the flagship | lated guests or taking on more stores for

club fleet.

This year the programme that has been
followed so oarefully for several years
is to be changed. The fleet will rendezvous
at Glen Cove on Thursday afternoon. At
Glen Cove stands the first house owned
by the club. It used to stand at Hoboken, | run up on the flagship and this will mean
but a few years ago was secured by a few | that all* captains will meet on board the
members of the club, who had it moved to | flagship at some set time. At that meet-
Glen Cove, where it is used as one of the | ing the squadron will be formally organized.
many stations of the club. The scene presented by the yachts in the

From early morning until late at night | harbor is always a pretty one. They tug
yachts will arrive at the anchorage | lazily at the anchors while their owners
from all points. As each yacht drops its | and guests loll quietly on their decks,
anchor off the station a gun will be fired | The sailing masters on the racing yachts
saluting the senior officer on the station | will be carefully looking over the rigging
and that officer will acknowledge the sa- | and running gear.
lute with a gun from his vessel. Some

North Star, with Commodore Vanderbilt
and his aides on board, will arrive, and as
soon as the North Star anchors and salutes
every yacht in the squadron will answei
with a gun.

A string of signal flags will at once be

 

 

scene of action, which then boasted iade-
pendence of any rail nearer than Twyford.

The limited supply of crews of those days
could all be billeved in the hotels; the uni-
versities were prone to — to meet to
settle differences in the Grand Challenge
Cup, when a Putney match could not

reed upon; and pryperetions were 80 far
limited that the U. B.
resolutions to the effect that the university
do assemble at Henley for eight (ten) days
to train for the regatta.

It is curious that while in that era the
sentiment of mere sport was so much
stronger than now among the visitors who
formed the audience, it was lamentably
absent from the conclaves of the executive.
The time hed not arrived for the selection
of stewards from ranks of emerili oars-
men of note, and-the lay managers, country

regatta. before the schedule of competitions
crystallized to something like the present |

list of prizes, though by no meansactually |
gathering, which was
started with the Grand Challenge cup only, |
had in half a dozen years developed suffi-
ciently to furnish competition for fours,
pairs and souls, and when this stage had
been reached it was at once a fully repre-
sentative meeting, with expositions of al)
standard branches of sporting oarsman-
ship. After that the doubling and even
trebling of some of the classes of races,
three eight oar and three
four oar cups, was only a matter of expan-
sion of the one main theory of the meeting,
that of aquatic sport in all first class

 

gentlemen unversed in aquatics, often
Te. i: uagenarian and upward | cruelly sacrificed the sporting require-
who rowed fore Alma and Inkerman | Ments of competitors to crotchets of their
would note change of warrounding, besides | OWN amusement.
that of course, would probably be in the

following—the bridge and Lion meadows
as of vantage for carriages and
, the in uction of houseboats
es, these last perhaps
a corol of facilitated locomotion
from London; the, staking of the course,
and the booming which in due time sup-
plemented the cruder staking only; the
ovision by the executive of tents and |
Eoathouses where the racing craft used to
were a waar saturated
sheets, exposed a to solatioe rays on a
lawn here or @ hired timber yard there; the
old rypecks, ropes and bungs (conceived
in imitation of the system of time race
starts at the universities) supplanted since
by punts and starters.
Then, further, the disappearance of the
old watermen’s eights with the one umpire,
and the subetitution of laufches and of

from pairs and sculls, so that the races of a
similar class should not be seen consecu-
tively; and this was enforced, regardless of
the ance that thereby so:ne heavily
entered oarsmen would be sent to the post
thrice in successive half hours. Not until
1862, when competitors conspired, took the
bit in their teeth and drafted their own
card for the day, was this quondam tyranny
overruled. Challengers in those days had
to fight each other like Kilkenny cats til!
but one remained in to meet the holder in
the final heat. The ancient oarsman in
these respects was much worse off than he
is to-day, while the oryel lottery of draw
for stations on the old one sided course
tended to ruin by simple chance all hopes
of a win on merits for which long days of
asveticiam had been endure:

Launches will be ply- |

 

| intothis picture. At once gigs and launches |

!
sporting Oxonians down Bix Hill to the! and new continents, a feature which is

 

C. records disclose | and not till Henley

| higher than in Crimean days.

| keep within touc

As an instance, it was important for them day, though not in training and freely im-
to vary the programme, to alternate eights | bibing between spells of work.

| if merit or luck, or, both, relegated him to

duplex umpiredom; the recognition of the The elimination of the early loca! element |
ress as a factor, with their own stand; | from the card did much Lo raise the tone of
he thousandfold mob of pleasure boats, | the regatia. Lhe local sculls were first |
where of old a bare score could be hired at | abandoned at the suggestion of Lom Egan;
the Angel, and some forty or less private | in the early ‘tis the local pairs were
boats loafed unbarriered on the reach, un- | dropped and the town cup soon afierward |

controlled by any statute, the introduction | followed suit; the public school fours came

of Conservancy autocracy on the course | and departed, and the regatia seitied down
since 1896; the disappearance of horsemen | to first class competitions, subject to certain
from the company, in deference to the | criticisms of the pros and cons of the

Thames cup and its class of entries, which
are periodically heard

The qualification for standard prizes has
not always been the same; the ladios’ plate
was at firat the New cup, open to the world at
lorge; the Wyfold began as a guerdon for
winners of challenging heats for the Grand
Challenge cup before it was transferred to
four ours, he Diamond Sculla began as
Makepiece's Silver Wherry, and the latest
challenge prize of all, the classica) Nickalls
cup for pairs, now endows the one com-
petition which of old had no cha'lenge
trophy in addition to presentation prizes.
Being retrospective, it beam an inacriptive
record of all old winners of the time honored
Silver Goblets.

The modern extension of challenge prizes
and consolidation of scheme and principle

growth of the crowds which at first caused
steeds to be vetoed only beyond a horse
barrier located just below Leander's modern
enclosure, and in due time barred them
altogether; and, lastly, the final fireworks
orgie and exodus. ;

All these would of themselves be evidence |
of a development of sport into almost a
saturnalia. e early Victorian audience
at Henley waa, aquatically, as sporting asa |
Town Moor crowd is aporting in tone when
compared to an Epsom Derby mob. The
\

 

eral non-aquatic crowd of to-day, nine-

the of whom have no part nor parce!
in competi clubs, and who vote that
would be a charming place !
troublesome races, courses '
clearing, and umpires launch washings, »
was unborn and unseen in the year when ;

e@ was laid to rest. The very ‘in adjusting the several qualifications

| ay was of itself a sport- , for them have undoubtedly done inuch
ing feature; vide the Rev. E. RB. Winter's | to extend the area of high class amate vr

sketch, among others, of Oxonian scenes | aquatics and produce that popularity which

in the ‘40s, “Cioing to Henley Regatta,” | has become infectious over the seas, and

tandem, drag, and convey ing- i which now brings to us rivals from old

SUNDAY, AUGUST 4, 1907,

            

 

 

ON E. PLANTS INGOMAR.

   
  
  
   

 

flagship signals colors, flags are lowered,
the long cruise. Among the vessels other | while the bugler on the North Star plays
launches and small sailing craft will be | Columbia and all stand at attention.
darting hither and thither. The first squadron run will be on Friday,
The arrival of the commodore will put life and preparations will be made early for the
race. Each squadron run is a race, and
will be lowered from the yachts. The | the racing yachts sail over the course se-
owner will take his place, his pennant will | lected by the regatta committee. The
be set in the bow and he will head for the | other yachts follow along, keeping olear of
flagship. There the shrill sound of the | the racers, but close enough to them to allow
boatswain’s whistle will announce his arrival | those on board to watch the contest. This
and greet him as he steps on the gangway. first run in former years has been to Morris
At the meeting some little details of the | Cove, but Morris Cove will not be visited
cruise will be arranged and then the yachts- this year. Instead there will be a race
men will go back to their yachts. The | starting from Glen Cove and finishing at
evening will be spent socially. There are | Huntington. This is only a short run, but
always many dinners on the_cruise and | the course selected will be long enough to
much visiting. At sunset there is another | make the contest a good one. On Satur-

 

| ing to and from the shore bringing be- | interesting ceremony._A gu from the | day morning, after a night’s rest in Hunt-

AMERICAN CARRIAGE HORSE.

MOVEMENT BEGUN TO DEVELOP
A DISTINCT TYPE,

Breeders and the Government Working in
Harmony—Ideal Qualities and Ciassi-
fieation Agreed Upon—The Farmers
Becoming Interested in the Scheme.

WasxHrvoron, Aug. 3.—The ideal Ameri-
can carriage horse should be not less than
fifteen hands high and have a smooth,
compact and symmetrical conformation.
His neck ought to be of good length and
naturally inclined to arch. He should
have sloping shoulders. His legs should be
of medium length and well sét, with slop-
ing pasterns and good feet. His back
should be short and strong.

These qualities have been agreed upon
by a committee representing the Depart-
ment of Agriculture and the American
Aasociation of Trotting Horse Breeders
as requisite for the best carriage horse.
A classification for the American carriage
horse was worked out by the committee
on heavy harness horses for the associa-
tion and was approved last May.

The committee was organized to repre-
sent the Department of Agriculture, the
American Trotting Register Association,
the American Saddle Horse’ Breeders
Association and the American Morgan
Register Association, The members of
the committee were George M. R omme
of the Bureau of Animal Industry, chair-
man; Joseph Battell of Middlebury, Vt.,
| registrar of the American Morgan Register
| Association; Gen. John T. Castleman of
Louisville, Ky., president of the American
Saddle Horse Breeders Association; A.
T. Cole of Wheaton, Il!., a breeder of car-
riage horses; Prof. Charles F. Curtiss,

 

 

all but perennial in some shape or other.
The first alien entry. if we recollect aright
was that of Smith of the New York Atalanta
four, for the Diamonds, after the match
of that crew against the London Rowing
Club. It was not till later that transatlantic
fours made bold bids for the Stewards,
and Columbia College secured the Visitors,
ite jubilee did alien
eights invade the reach. .
he advance of amateur aquatic science
abroad has been more rapid relatively
during the current generation than among
our native amateurs, although few habitués
will deny that even among ourselves the
average amateur standard is decidedly
vo a
watermen's eight carrying an ump) as
coxsawain now keeping within hailin
distance of a good Henley eight race, a
yet of old the watermen not unfrequently
passed the last eight of a heat in order to |
of the leaders, which
they did race after race through the long
|
|

The candid veteran, even while regrettin,

a falling off in sporting tone of the rail-
borne company, will hardly dony satia-
faction at the visible advance in science
and skill of the leading aquatic performers
of this later generation, be luxuriousness
of the luncheons, the myriads of skiffs
and punts on the course, the fireworks
finale claiming more mob veneration than
the average regatta heat, even of finals—
all this may jar on his sentimental recolleo-
tions of the purer sporting spirit of the
acene when he himself was beardless,

yet he may on analysis and with full candid
retrospect, feel constrained to admit that
anaieur aquatics atand higher in both
theory and practice than t did when
ho himeelf was an exponent. of them, even

first flight among rivals of his own era.

 

 

Raltroad Ties Preserved 75 Years.
Pottaville correapondence Philadelphia Record.
While borough laborers were excavating
this week they dug up the old railroad be-
(ween Pottaville and some of the coal mines,

 

hich wasl . enty-five vearsago. This
pailroed wal in operation before there was a | direetor of the Iowa. Agricultural Experi-
through railroad Hine ee cep erysie and ment Station at Ames, and H. K. Devereux
*hiladelp Thee wus hauled to Potta- ‘
ville on care pulled by muiles and horses "and of Cleveland, Ohio, secretary of the Ameri-
at his, point loaded en the sans agrees can Association of Trotting Horse Breeders.
othe reat surpr o >» re ifle:
the old ealinnaan ore wooden ties, althoug As soon as the classification was adopted
underground for three-quarters of « contyry. by the committee notice was sent to State
were ine Dertoot snake Gh preserves. © | and national fairs with a view to the es-
cond tions under which they w - .
ably preserved will ‘be studied by railroad tablishment of classes for carriage horses
authorises with the hope of getting some | at the various faire and expositions, The
pubits that will be of practical use. new classification was well received. Two
Claims Rattlesnake Record. faire, the Interstate Fair at Kansas City
Greeley correspondence Denver Republican. and the Kansas — at Hutchinson,
Former County Clerk W. R. Adams claims | have adopted it for this year, and several
to hold the record for killing more rattie- | other fairs announced a willingness to
anakes in Weld oogaty thie Soring end oum- adopt the classification in 1908,
er than any otner on . ving
destroyed twenty-nine on his farm, four The sentiment for the development of
miles West of here. a characteristic type of carriage horse
All the snak were killed on a tract of high | has grown rapidly, and on their own initia-
uneuliivated prairie land. Por years this par- | tive the Iowa State Fair at Des Moines,
ticular ‘eld has been, infested with rattlers, | the Kentucky State Fair at Louisville
and ihree vears ago Tobias Mattox in one and the Blue Grass Fair at Lexingto
day killed thirty reptiles. The last enak Seve offered ori for this DB,
jlled by Mr, Adams was three feet long and | Ky., bave prizes for season
Le largest of all, for the best American carriage horses.

 

 

 

 

Off Newport there will be two days of
racing for all the crack yachts. First will
come the races for the Astor cups. There
are two of these trophies, one for scheoners,
all in one class, and one for
vessels and yawis. To
is alwaya the ambiti

depends on the wind.
will bring together the

i

J. B. Ford's Katrina and possibly some
of the smaller yachts. In the sloop clasg
will be Commodore Vanderbilt’s Aurora,
F. M. Smith's Effort, J. A. Blair, Jr.'s, Neola
H. F. Lippitt's Winsome, G. N. Pynchon's

of the smaller yachts, with one or two of
the New York 30 footers.

The next day will be King’s cup day.
ington Harbor, the fleet will get under way | ,), yachts can start in this race on

for New London. This run will be the | time allowance, and all that start in the
longest of the cruise. It is sixty miles and | Astor cup races will gail for the given
should the wind come from the east it will | to the New York Yacht Club by King Ed-
be a hard day's work for all hands. were vit ‘s This eS ae
‘ | Chub, Du he name o e@ winnl
At New London the fleet}will remain 8} | inscribed on it each year and the owner
anchor all day Sunday,and at this port | of the successful yacht gete a
many of the Eastern yachts that have to | of the big cup. Last year the sloop
come around the cape will join. | won the race. She defeated the Queen
On Monday, August 12, the fleet will run just 9 seconds in one of the most interesting

“- | contests ever witnessed. This
to Newport and instead of stopping thee | Effort is totry again. If sheie ell handled

af

3

for the Astor and King’s cup races will | sho may be successful, but the Queen is
go on the next day to Vineyard Haven sailing much faster than did laat ,
and return to Newport on Wednesday, | and the Avenger, the new He:

has shown up wonderfully well.

This change is made in order to hold the Aker the cup .. ~ :
’

squadron together., Many yachtsmen have | 4:1 ¢hy and launch races in Newport
often gone as far as Newport, watched the | qn then the squadron will disband and
big cup races there and then withdrawn, | yachts will scatter, some going ‘east
but by holding the big cup races after the'| some coming back to these waters.

 

 

or sprawl behind. In most classes general
conformytion and all round suitability as @
carriage horse will count 40 per cent.,

The classifications adopted by these fairs
are similar in the main, but many minor
differences exist, which the Agricultural

Department desires to harmonize. style, action and manners will make up the
uniform, systematic and practical | remaining #0 per cent. In some classes t

Classification suitable for the guidance | horses must be shown in harness

of fairs in general is a poasibility and | hitched to a suitable vehicle, while in

will tend to Fring about uniform exhibi- | classes a bridle or halter onl neceasery.

tions. If the horses shown unaer these | Excessive weight in shoeingfls forbidden.

conditions are jud by capable men a Ronee:

uniform type can fixed definitely and CHURCH SPIRES,

rapidly, it ie asserte. ;

e adoption of the chageidaation by
State fairs is especially urged by theAgrculi-
tural Department for the reasons that they
are in the closest touch with farmers, that
the farmers are the breeders of inoat of
the carriage horses sold on the American
markets and that the value of the Ameri-
ean horse for carriage purposes is rarely
a the farmere who-

t “ plundrede ry 7H sold an-
D ‘armers ni nt prices,
aioe after some months of finishing and !
handling are sold as carriage horses at
prices up into the thousands.
Furthermore, there is a continual sale
of stallions to supply this trade. These
horses are usually of only moderate value

Steepies to Be Found in the City Bull; if

You Wil! Only Look for Them.
“The church spires are d
here in the city,” said Mr. Krilkinby, “shut
off from view by taller business buildings.
Spires that had long been landmarks as
one approached the town ere now come
cealed by loftier structures reared to trade}
and one who never went out of it might
think that New York had come to be @
heathen city, but let him go away for ever
80 small a distance and he sees the church
apires rising again in whatever direction
he may travel.

 

—

co apese producase, but are of excellent Tanne from the car window, he sees
age ype. They could be of in-| near or far, marking smaller towns or
estimable value as foundation sires of ; villages, church steeples ang, aky
the American carriage horse. as of old, in no wise dwarfed by su ;
The classification for American carriage | ing structures, perhaps indeed the
buildings reared by men here visible;

horses adopted by the Bureau of Animal

Industry and the horse breeders contains | church steeples everywhere, the old time
the following classes: Class 1. Stallion | church steeples rising above the trees,
four years old or over. Class 2. Stallion | just the same fixed landmarks etill, a

pleasant and reassuring sight to see.
“And when we come back to the oir

we can find the steeples here if we

look for them. Spires that once could be

seen for miles around but that now are

quite hidden from without the city

still be seen from within, and some

three years old and under four. Class 3
Stallion two years old and under three.
Class 4. Stallion one year old and under
two. Class 5. Stallion with three of his

t of either sex; get need not be owned

exhibitor. Class 6, Mare four years
old and over. Class 7. Mare three years

old and under four. Class *. Mare two | these, our minds thus awakened, we
years old and under three. Class 9. Mare | find still to stand most conspi

one year old and under two. Class 10, | these had grown so familiar that we had
Mare and foal of either sex. Class 11. | come to pase them without a thought.
Foal under one year old, either sex. “Take Trinity's spire, rising in the weat-

ern vista of Wallstreet. And come nearer
and see the broad and ample churchyard
that surrounds the church, here w

land is dearest and “dollars held in their

The conditions governing the entries to
these classes are atringent. The classes
re open only to horses of American blood.
tallions in the first five classes musts be

registered in the American Trotting Regis- | highest osteem. Could angthing in coun’
ter as standard, in the American Morgan | or city be finer or more churchly than
Register or in the American Saddle Horse | thia, for all the tall buildi ‘round it?
Register, and a certificate of such registry “We may walk down Park row year

after year and never see St. Paul's at Broad-
way and Vesey street; but think; and you
can see it all the way down from Pri
House Square, in the midst of the tui
standing there steadily.

“But the city steeple that Pigeons me
most is that of Grace Church at Broadway
and Tenth street, where Broadway tu!
to the west, rising there. like a sen
spire, looking « ht down on and
ing constant wa over the two
and more of the busiest stretch of
greatest business tho fare;
up Broadway you have it, if you will
always in viaw; there where the view
see, not another towering

ilding, but--a church spire!

“So, though there are here now build.
nge that are hi , and while some of
their spires may be hidden pe:
out, yet there are still churches in »

muat be shown in the ving Of required.

Entries in all classes for mares, entries
as get of sire in class five and produce of
mare in class ten, and entries in clasa eleven,
must be sired by a stallion registered in
the above lists, but the dams of such entries
need not be registered mares. The breed-
ing of dams, as far as known, must be given
when entry is made. No mare having any
dravght cross wil! be eligible. Any exhibitor
falsitying the breeding of entries will be

, and entries in all classes must be
Pracucally sound.

The judging will be based on conforma-
tion, style, action and manners as a suita-
ble type of carriage horse, Special atten-
tion will be given to truoneas of action,
and d knee and hock movement are
desirable.

All the entries should he made to trot
and walk straight and true, and judges are

warned to id all showin as in the country; and I that
tendency co mix gaits, paddle peng car | oo Fe Oe cous hove ep wo comm

*