Ho

 

ree owe

eee ree
eS ES Sm

ee ae

Le VR Pony

<

Gibtot-cueeiaietie?

> penta g rr
—— -

sities
Tore

9 re ey
a ee

=

-

 

 

De

= ss

=% Tae
a a

ll
saz

ET

GERMAN POWER AT THE HAGUE

DUE, 1U 18 SAID, TO POPULARITY
Or THE KAISER'S POLicy,

 

 

Icis the Only European Country Represented
In Whiel the Elections Have Sustained
the Ruler—Significance of the Meeting
of @var and Kalser at Swinemande,

Special Catle Despatch to Tar Sun

Tun Hacun, Aug. 3.—Many delegatos
to the peace conference are prepared to
bear that William IT. haa made as easy a
conquest over Nicholas IL. at Bwinemtnde
ashis representative here, Baron von Biber-
eicin, has overthearmy of suspicions which

attended his arrival, The strength of
Germany's position at both meetings has
heen ascribed by representatives of several
Luropean countries bere to having won a
petriotic success at her national elections.

Alone among the European Powers
Germany has been able since the last meet-
ing of the Czar and the Kaiser to point
to popular indorsement of the sovereign’s
position, The Austrian elections went
strongly in favor of the radical Socialista.
Both the French and English existing par-
liaments represent the defeat of militant
imperialism, Russia's two experiments
with elective assemblies have afflicted her
ruler with a double dose of big natural
fatallatio gloom.

In quch a situation the Kaiser is regarded
as having a supremely favorable oppor-
tunity of impressing upon his imperial
cousin that he is his best friend, as a dozen
years ago the Kaiser was able toimpreas the
Sultan when other members of the Euro-
pean concert were making one of their
periodic efforts at coercing Abdul Hamed
into altering the administration of his
European provinces.

Diplomatic observers here hold that the
two cases are not nearly so divergent as
Westerners might think. Both Turkey and
Russia, from financial weakness, are bound
to pay eome heed to outside pressure, how-
ever much they may resent it. Both rulers
have reason to be deeply impressed with
their great neighbors’ success in assimilat-
ing under present conditions elective
institutions with personal rule, The benefits
to the Kaiser in securing a friend at the
northeast as well as the southeast are in-
caloulable.

It is doubtful, however, whether actual
political controversies will enter much into
the present conversation. When the Czar
and the Kalser met at Bjorkoe just two
years Emperor William was able to
raise Nicholas’s spirita without introduc-
ing any political bargain and that, too,
although he made the Czar drink his own
health in German beer after he had been
treated to the best French champagne
aboard the Russian yacht.

The presence of foreign Ministers at
their present meeting is capable of local
explanation. The former meeting was a
swift, almost secret one. It was held at a
place a few hours run from Peterhof Palace
and required a minimum entourage in or-
der to be prudent. The accident of the
British Ambassador at St. Petersburg, the
tt. Hon. Sir A. Nicolson, now being in Lon-
don has no bearing on the imperial meeting,
as Tae Sun's correspondent learned from
St. Petersburg that the British Embassy
announced some time ago that the Am-
bassador was going on his annual leave
at the end of July.

CHOATE'’S SCHEME VOTED ON,

£7 Delegates Approve Permanent Arbitra-
tion Court—12 Silent and & Absent.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tur Sun.

lune Haove, Aug. 3.—Leon Bourgeois
of the French Mission informed the firat
commission of the peace conference to-day
that the purpose of the conference is;

“Not the pacific organization of war,
but the judicial organization of peace.”

This utterance contained an admission
of failure in regard to all parte of Russia's
programme which raised issues affecting
belligerenta or neutrals when war was
actually in progress, or any acientifie
limitations in the conduct of warfare, and
expresses the modest hope that the con-
ference may instead produce a germ of
international law,

Mr. Choate opened the sitting with a
proposal that the American and Russian
schemes be sent together before the ex-
amruning commission, where they could be
discussed jointly. General debate fol-
lowed, in whch Dr. Beernaert of Belgium
led the opposition to Mr, Choate’s proposal
for the establishment of a pernfanent
arbitrational court. He maintained that
the existing Hague tribunal, with its neo-
esearily diplomatic and political conetitu-
tion, Was ample for any usefal purpose

Dr. Beernaert was altogether against the
permanence of judges called on to pro-
nounde on international disputes. The
creation of a few judges endowed with
quasi immovability would be most danger-
ous. Who could propose their removal,
their colleagues, or the countries which
appointed them?

Moreover, national sentiment would not
tclerate a confederation of countries or

ee Ss Sn SsSSssSSSSSSSS<=sSSssSSSSSsSSSSSS

 

|
{

|

| ingly. The Attorney-G,

stained from voting because he had falled

to obtain satisfactory assurances regarding
the amount of the population a country
or combination of countries would be
required to have to secure a claim to a
judgeship on the permanent cour.

Turkhan Pasha of Turkey said he ab-
stained from voting as he had received no
instructions on the question from Con-
stantinople.

A vote was taken, which resulted 27
for; 12 abstaining from voting. Five
delegates were absent. Mr. Choate'’s pro-
ject was then sent to the examining com-
mittee of the first commission, and Choate
and Marschall were specially added from
America and tiermany, Kenault from
France, Eyschen from Luxembourg and
Beldiman from Rumania in behalf of the
minor comrounities.

Next week the conference will consider
the question of the periodicity of ita re-
union. The American proposal, which is
supported by England, so far holds the
field. It stipulates septennial meetings of
the conference under the following condi-
tions: The permanent bureau of the con-
ference to notify ite signatory powers in
July, 1912, that eighteen months later, in
December, 1913, the list of subjecta for the
next conference will be closed, The dele-
gate will then have until June, 1914, to
study hie country's instructions, The con-
ference would elect its own president, thus
eliminating the necessity of having always
to accept the nominee of the Czar

 

FEW STREET WOMEN ARRESTED.

Sulky Police Lieutenants Keep Sending
Drunks to the Night Coort.

Things went along smoothly in the new
night police court last night. Magistrate
Kernochan had the bench and Magistrate
House sat beside him, Judge Whitman
came in some time after the court opened
and watched what took place.

That the new court was a blow to the
professional bondsmen'sa graft and the
divvy with crooked plain clothes men was
again shown last night by the scarcity of
arrests of street walkers. None of this
class of prisoners had come in by 10:30
o'clock and at 12:80 this morning only three.
One explanation given by the police was
that the women were keeping off the streets
owing to fear of workhouse sentences or
heavy fines in view of the rush in disposing
of the cases, Also, the night was rainy.
In the past from 70 to 100 has been the Sat-
urday night harvest for the professional
bondsmen.

The opposition to the new court on the
part of desk Meutenantsa deprived of graft
was evident again as on the two nights pre-
vious by reason of the number of drunken
persons sent to the court.

This is one of the ways the police have of
embarrassing the Magistrates. All of these
doings were being watched last night and
things are likely to be made interesting for
desk lieutenants who keep up their mis-
chief.

By 12:20.o’clock there had been 164 of-
fenders brought in and 108 had been dis-
posed of without much trouble. Magistrate
Kernochan gave way at 11 o'clock to Magis-
trate Corrigan. e

 

SETTLING STRIKES ON COAST,

San Francisco Disposes of the Granite
Cutters and Telephone Girls.

San» Francrsco, Cal., Aug. 3.--A strike
of the granite cutters has been settled after
three months idleness of the men They
asked an increase from $4.50 to $5.60 a day,
but compromised at $5 a day The sand-
stone cutters also will probably go to work
next week. They have been out since
May 1. demanding $1 increase over $ a
day. Thev probably will compromise to-
night at $5.50 a day.

These two strikes have tied up rebabilita-
tion work on Several large skyscrapers,
notably the St. Francie Hotel, and the
Shreve and Sloan buildings.

Another etrike has been settled on open
shop principles. Five hundred telephone
girls who have been out on strike for tour-
teen weeks go back to work on Monday
The company is to maintain an open shop
but not to interfere with the girls’ union.
Other agreements are comprom but the
girls gain no advance in wages. get

an eight hour day, thirty minutes for lueoh
and women ae chief operatore

SENATORS NOT TO BE ELECTED.

 

 

 

HEPBURN'S STUDIES ABROAD

JOWA CONGRESSMAN STICKS TO
ENGLAND AND HOLLAND.

Won't Go to Switzerland for Initiative
and Referendam Observation —Govern-
ment Ownership Won't Do for Us, He
Saye—Our Present National Problems.

Spectal Cable Despatch to ‘Vas Sus
Lonpon, Aug. 8.-Congressman William
P. Hepburn of lowa, chairman of the Inter-
state and Foreign Commerce Committee,
is in London with his wife, daughter and
son-in-law. After visiting Holland they in-
tend to make trips in England and return
to the United States on September 14. It
is Mr. Hepburn's first trip to Enrope. He
onys:

“I only intend visiting Holland and Eng-
land. These aro the moat interesting coun-
tries to me and practically the only ones
which have contributed everything which
America in the way of laws,
institutions and higher thoughts ”

“Won't you go to Switzerland and see
the working of the initiative and refer-
endum?”

“Of course I am interested in those ideas,
and theoretically Switzerlagd could teach
me much, but the practical conditions of
the country and the pursuite of the people
are so dissimilar from those obtaining in
the United States that the auccess of ideas
in Switzerland by no means forms a sound
premise for argument that similar ideas
would suit in America.

“The difference in size and conditions be-
tween America and countries where various
governmental experiments are being tried
is constantly forgotten. .For example, in
New Zealand, where the success of social-
istic ideas is so constantly quoted, the ata-
tistics show that the governmentally con-
trolled railroade lost in one year $1,500,000,
Well; to the American mind that is not a
very great deficit, but you must remember
that New Zealand has only 800 miles of
railroad, while America with over 200,000
miles on the same proportion would have

 

the Government controlled the railroads,
“However, I don't think there is any
likelihood of the people insisting on govern-
mental ownership to any extent. If the
United States owned and operated the
public utilities like the railroads and tele-
graphe it would mean that over 1,500,000
employees would be directly under con-
trol of one or at most a few minds. A
Government starting such an innovation
with such enormous patronage would
easily be able to perpetuate itself. The
people of the United States have awakened
to the fact that governmental ownership
would mean practically an oligarchy and
won't have it. They have dropped theidea
like a hot potato.”

Speaking of prospective railroad legisla-
tion Mr. Hepburn said that unquestionably
many bills would be introduced during
the coming session of Congress affecting
railroads and it was likely that among them
would be one giving the Government power
ulate bond issues based on valuation.
What would be the fate of such a measure
he was not prepared to prophesy. It will
depend, he said, mainly on the attitude of
the Interstate Commerce Commission. Of
course the question of the conatitutionality
of such legislation would be raised, but it
seemed to him that where the railroads
do interstate business, which most of them
do, the Government oould exercise such
power over them. Mr. Hepburn added:
“I do not think that legislation is neces-
sary in order to secure the much talked of
appraisement of railroads, as the Interstate
Commerce Commission already possesses
ample power to secure such information
in fact, there is not any variety of informa-
tion concerning railroads which the Inter-
state Commerce Commission has not now
the power to secure.

“Tariff revision is extremely unlikely, |
If attempted at the coming session it will
be put off until after the confusion of the
next election has passed, when the Republi-
can party, if in power, will undoubtedly
attempt a revision. Since the tariff was
instituted a revision has been made about
once in every six or eight years, Undoubt-
ediy the present law is defective in many
instances. Some rates are too low and
others are too high, but certainly the general
prosperity of the country was never so great

The Appellate Division Sustains the Decision | as under the present law.”

of Justice Fitts,

ALBANY,
opinion the Appellate Division of the Su-
preme Court this afternoon affirmed the
decision of Justice Fitts, declaring that no
Senators need be elected this fall and that
the present Senate holds for a full term of
two years. The court also refused to per-
mit the Secretary of State to include Sen-
ators in his notices sent to county clerks
containing a list of officers to be elected
in November,

This afternoon the Secretary of State
sent out his notices to county clerks aceord-
eral will now
endeavor to have a special session of the
Court of Appeals convened at once in order
Lo pass upon ap appeal from the decision
of the Appellate Division.

DROWNEDIN LAKE ST.CATHERINE

 

| Sixteen-Vear-Old Girl Loses Her Life While

thoir judges deciding a serious national
a:fference. What guarantee was there of |
their impartiality, for it is not likely that

seventeen really eminent jurista would
care to expatriate themselves into situa-
tions which would leave them ample leisure.
Countries not represented on the court

Taking Her Last Boat Ric.
Geanvinnn, N. Y¥., Aug. 3.- Mies Mary
Edwards, i6 years of age, daughter of Mr.

and Mrs. Joseph Buwards, waa drowned

could not be satisfied to bear their position |
| miles from here. Miss Edwards was attend-

before it

The Mexican and Servian delegates then |

announced that they would withhold their
votes until the constitution of the court
had been more clearly defined

The Panama delegate pleaded for one

eystem of international law, but said he |
Was not opposed to Mr. Choate’s project if
tiie great Powers would be compelled to
submit their differences with the leas im-
portant States to this court.

M, Leger, from Hayti, introduced a new
safeguard for the impartiality of the pro-
posed court. He proposed a stipulation
that the judges should accept no decoration
or honor from any country but their own,
The Venesuelan and Brazilian delegations

supported this, although Senhor Barbosa,
in behalt of Brazil, argued at length that
the right of referring arbitrations to sover-

eigns or heads of States should remain
intact and that the proposed court should
not seek to extend its authority on an ob-
bigatory aide

Sir Edward Fry, in behalf of England,
gipported Mr. Chorte, because he believed
ihe proposed permanent court would not
interfere with the work of the existing
tribunal as created in 1889 Parties would
he free to go before whieh court they be-
heved to be the best judges of their cases.

M. Bourgeois agreed with Sir Edward,
but guve his support under the express
reserve that he was altogether against
euporessing the present arbitrational court,
bu wills to make a new experiment,
en the ground that all the world desires
to mec arbiteation in progresa, He believed,
homover thet the 1800 court would remain
the only court for politieal conflict. But
for prety judicial questions perhaps the

forties might: prefer the court which is
permanent, but this would alweys be
Voy Ptury,

4. Bolaiman of Rumania eaid he ab-

this afternoon in Lake St. Catherine, five

ing the annual picnic of the Weloh Sunday
school and was taking @ taat hoat ride prior
to starting home, when the rowboat sho was
in was struck by a steam launch and over-
turned.

Mrs. William B. Edwards and her young
son Wesley were also in the boat, but were
saved by the heroic efforts of a Mr. Clark,
who happened to be near by in a canoo,
He jumped in, holding their heads above
the water until help arrived from shore.
Miss Fdwards came to the surface once
and clutched at Clark's throat, but instantly
sank again. Her body was not recovered
until 7:30 P. M.

 

Battleship Charlemagne Wil Be Laid Up.
Special Cable Despatch to Tap SuN.

Paris, Aug. 3.—A despatch from Toulon
to the Matin says a minute inspection has
been made of the forward turret of the bat-
tleship Charlemagne, from which it was im-
possible to fire the 305 millimetre guns in
the recent manauvres, The inspection
showed that the repairs to the turret will
necessitate the laying up of the veasel for
a long time.

German Steamship Ashore and 16 of Crew
Missing.
Spectal Cubdle Despatet to Tag SUK. ‘

Lonpon, Aug. 8,—-A despatch from Lloyd's
agent at Muscat reports that the German
steamship Teutonic, bound for Hamburg,
is ashore near Rasmadraka, in the Gulf of
Oman. Sixteen members of the crew who
left the wreck in a boat have not been heard
of since.

Hoy Catches a 20 Inch Alligator in a New
Jersey Stream.

Loyo Brancn, N. J., Aug. 3.—Fourteen-
year-old Julius Simon of New York caught
an alligetor in bis net while crabbing in
the Shre webury, Bi River to-day. The reptile
was twenty inches long, About a month
tor about threo fect long and

ago an
canta be 14 wears old was caught
by two . whe were rowing.

Aug. 3.—Without writing an |

|
|

What has most impressed Congressman
Hepburn in Europe thus far is the solidity
of the architecture and the antiquity of the
buildings.

“Toa man like myself,” said Mr. Hepburn,
“these solid old buildings, dating back
hundreds of years, are tremendously in-
teresting. I went to Iowa Territory sixty-
six years ago, and I dare say there isn'ta
building in the States which have since been
eut out of that Territory that ie older than
myself.”

ODD CASE OF

 

WALKER,

Arrested on Suspicion, ‘Hela and Forgotten
for More Than a Year.

Ganveston, Tex., Avg 3.--When
American Ambassador Thomson at Mexico
City inquired into the case of Clarence B.
Walker, an American, it was discovered
that Walker had been an inmate of the
Belen prison for more than a year. The
records failed to show that he bad been con-
vieted of any crime or in fact had been
given a trial.

He was arrested on suspicion, jailed and
forgotten. He was not allowed to com-
municate with his relatives and for eight
months his whereabouts were not known.
When it was learned he was in jai) counsel
was employed, but
made toward getting a
his release. Finally an appeal was made |

to the American Ambassador and after two
months it is formally admitted that Walker
was in prison.
In the absence of any_ record showing
his term of sentence the Belen authorities
declared the American would have to be
tried to secure his liberty. It would be six
months before that could be done.
The matter will be placed before President
Diaz for immediate adjudication. Walker
en bid on a lot of American cows to be
to Mexico, but another American
caer got the contract. The cows had
comm mutilated in transit and Walker, hap-
pening to be in Mexico when the shipment
passed through, was suspected of the deed
and arrested

LET THE TARIFF ALONE,

Says Senator Foraker, Uniess There Is a
Reason for Change.

 

Sanpusky, Ohio, Aug. 3. - Senator
Foraker ssid to-day; “Wo are told that we
must revise the tariff. Secretory Taft

wants to cut it down. I don't know juet
what he wants to do except that he thinks
it ought to he revised. ‘Theodore EF. Burton
also wants to revise the tariff. Do you
farmers want the ; rices of wool and sheop
and wheet and your ether rroductsa cut
down

"a aah like to have a bill of ;articu-
lars from these Republican gentlemen.
Unless they can give a satisfactory reason
for a change the tariff should stand as it is
No doubt the time will come when con-
ditions will call for revision of achedules,
but until the time comes that the country
will be benefited by such changes, let us
be satisfied with the tariff as it stands.

“I'd rather have a poliey that makes
more rich men than one which will make
more poor mea.” .

i

|
|

 

 

| effective.

little progress was |
trial for securing |

|

|
|
|
|
|
e

floor of the building.

sm wh “FIRE arp DREAMLAND. |

Imitation Fotlage Heneath Alredipes

While Passengers Go Round and a

Dreamland Park at Coney Island bad
a ecare last night and fifty persons who
were riding in the airships bad an eape-
cially thrilling experience when the decora-
tions in the refreshment garden directly
beneath the swinging ships took fire,
supposedly from defective insulation, and
burned briskly over a space twenty-five
feet long and ten feet wide. j

When the smoke and flames were first
seen the airships were just getting under
good headway and were directly over the |
blazing imitation ferns, palms and trees.
Passengers in the ships screamed to be
allowed to get off, bul the engineer felt
that it was wiser to send the machinery
around at full blast. Then most of the
terrified passengers dropped to the bottom |
of the boatlike cars and cling desperately
to everything that offered a hold, while
round and round they went. |

When the excitement was at its heli |
some one pulled a fire alarm box and the
Coney Island fire department responded.
Before the firemen got there the employees
of the park had doused the fire with their :
own apparatus and had quieted many
persons who tried to crowd out of the
various amusement buildings in the vicinity
of the fire.

Capt. Langdon of the Coney I#land police
station heard about the fire and sent over
the reserves. The policemen all waited
outside of the park in accordance with the
recent police rule that the men are not to
enter such places until called on. The
park employees, under the direction of ‘ex- |
Sheriff Buttling and Chris Dalton, had the |
situation so well in hand that the police |
didn't ge in.

The refreshment garden was stripped of |

 

 

most of its decorations, but there was |
little damage. |
= ING THE EDDY SUIT?

 

mover From George Glover's Town That |
He fs About to Compromise. {
Deapwoon, S. 1D., Aug. 3.--Aceording to

 

a deficit of over $400,000,000 annually if { belief here George W. Glover, only son of

Mrs. Mary Baker G. Eddy, is about to settle
the suit which he began for an accounting
of his mother's money. Glover has gone
Fast and it is since his departure that the
story of his change of heart has had public
circulation.
Two weeks

 

ago Miss Thompson of
Boston, a former echoolmate of Mary
Glover, daughter of George W. Glover,
also one of the plaintiffs in the sult, visited
the Glover home in Lead, Miss Thompson
gave a letter to Mr. Glover written inthe
handwriting of Mra, Eddy. She declared
that she had been sent as the leader's specia!
messenger.

“Did my mother write this?”
Miss Thompson eseurred him that
bad

She declared that Mrs. Eddy had told
her she wished to communicate with her |
son in a manner that would insure only his }
receiving it. She then asked Miss Thompson
to witness her writing the letter and gave
it to her, requesting that she take it per-
sonally to Glover. |

Just what this letter contained is not |
entirely known. Mrs. Eddy chided her son |
by referring to him as her “deluded, boy’
and declared that since it was he who

brought the suit she was most willing to go
into court. The receipt of the letter caused
Mr. Glover much uneasiness. He had sev.
eral talks with his local attorney, Judge |
'
‘
'
'

 

 

he asked, |
she

G. O. Bennett, and ceared givin interviews
on the case, although heretofore he has
always talked freely.
Miss Thompson, who is said to be a close
friend of Mrs. Eddy, left here a few days
ago. Immediately afterward rumor of a
settlement was afloat. Mr. Glover declined
to talk on the subject and suddenly left
here Thuraday evening for New York.
Judge Bennett to-day would not discuss }
the case except to say that developments
| mai ht be expected shortly. Among some |
of Glov ver’s friends it is said that he is now |
| trai that unless a speed settlement |
!
|

|

reached he will not get $200,000 promised
him by his mother before the suit waa
begun.

VIRGINIA RATLROADS VIELD,
Agree to Two Cent Rate Under Promise
of Minor Concessions.

Ricumonp, Va., Ang. 3.~The railroads
operating in Virginia, under threat of an ;
extra session of the Legislature for the |
purpose of so amending the Constitution
as to put into effect the two cent passenger
rate recently promulgated by the State
Corporation Commission, have agreed 4

 

put the rate into effect within the next
thirty days. The details have not yet been
settled between the representatives of the |
State and the attorneys of the railroads. |
A conference of the officials, begun
yesterday, lasted all day to-day, and many
of the details of the settlement are yet to
be made. The statement was made to-day
that the roads had agreed to abandon the
fight of the two cen. sate enactment, with |
the understanding that the State would |
concede to them certain minor conces- |
sions, one of which is probably an extension |
of the time in which the rate shall become |
There were no open sessions of |
the conference. |
The clerks respectively of the House and
the Senate, under instructions from the
Governor, had prepared letters to be sent
to members of both branches of the Gen-
eral Assembly calling an extra session
The Governor had also prepared his procla- |
mation convening the Legislature in extra |
session.

 

|
|
|
GRAFT IN BROOME COUNTY. |
|
ib
{
1

 

County Custodian Indicted for
and Grand Larceny.

Binouamron, N. Y¥., Aug. 3.- The Broome
county Grand Jury, in seasion since June
19 investigating methods connected with the
; building of good roads in thie county, late |
this afternoon wees seven indictments :
against County Custodian Arthur W. T.
Back, of which five charge him with for- | |
gery in the third degree and two with grand
larceny in the first degree and yrenas fully
obtaining money while a_ public o} Micer,
He waa arraigned before Justice Ly on at
6:15 o'clock and admitted to bail in the sum
of $1,000 and the case was adjourned to
August 19,

The Grand Jury went over the good
roads accounts since work began in 1903
and their report saye that the aystem of
auditing has been a very loose one, and
that of the $500,000 or more expended only
about $330 of it has been correctly audited,
payments having been made by the county
custodian whenever he prenape. The re-
port censures the boards of supervisors
of 1903, 1904, 1905 and 1906 for illegally dele
gating their authority to audit claims, and
recommenda that Broome county cease to
act as a contractor for good roada when
the roads now under construction are fin-
ished and that the contracts for roads
ne? begun be relet or cancelled,

Mr. Back says there is absolutely no
ground for the charges made in the indici-
monte.

Forgery

Bomh Kaplodes In Front of a Saloon in
Jamatioa.

A bomb exploded in front of a saloon at
99 South street, Jamaica, about 8:30 o'clock
vesterday morning but did not do much
damage. The proprietor of the saloon
is Giuseppe Salcone His former partner,
Clemante Criaco, was murdered at 90 Eliza-
beth street, Manhattan, last month. Sal-
cone says he has not rooet ved an threaten-

letters and can't imagine who tried to
Now up bis place. The saloog keeper with
his wife and two children live on the second

sec i i a ee

| the bod

  

THE UY MISSED HER TRAIN |

TOOK THE HAMBURG LINER, OUT-
BOUND, TO GO TO SCRANTON,

She Came From Antwerp tn a Boat and Was
Used to Boats—It Took a Pilot Hoat,
a Fishing Moat and the Survoyor’s Navy
to Get Her Back to New York Again.

Katarzyna Galaska, a Polish girl who
has been in this country less than a month,
started for Scranton, Pa., yesterday after-
noon and at the end of two houra was put
off the Hamburg-American liner President
Lincoln gn the pilot's rowboat two miles
the other side of Sandy Hook. Katarzyna
doesn't know yet how she came to do it.

Matthew M. Coneys, Deputy Surveyor
at the Barge Office down at South Ferry,
is a gallant man and he always is glad to
rescue Polish maidens in distress. Yester-
day when he picked up Katarzyna from the
fishing amack Columbia, on which she had
been deported by the pilot's boat, Mr.
Coneys was particularly pleased with him-
self, for it happened that the Columbta
was shy of life preeervers, skipper’s license
and a few other things demanded by a
paternal Government, and it is Mr. Coneys’s
duty to cruise around on the Government
tug Dalzelline and pick up just such careless
craft.

The Daz.zelline left the territory of the
ship news salts about 11 o'clock yesterday
morning with a full complement of officers
and’ inch. A few minutes before 4 o'clock
the vigilant Deputy Surveyor sighted the
Columbia putting out to sea beyond the
Hook with just the suspicions of haste
in the rake of her sail. The Dalzelline
took after the Columbia and soon over-
hauled her.

“Guess we'll look over your papers and
fixings,” said Mr. Coneys with his best pro-
fessional aix.

“Come and take off a Polish girl we just
picked up,” replied William Dorman,
master of the Columbia, in a tone meant to
influence the trend of conversation.

That's the way Mr. Coneys found Ka-
tarzyna—in tears and gripping close to her
bundle a ticket over the Lackawanna to
Scranton. Nicholas Roach, the pilot who
had taken the President Lincoln away from
the Hamburg-American docks in Hoboken
at 1 o'clock and out past Sandy Hook, rose

 

 

| toexplain.

Katarzyna had been given into his charge
when he left the President Lincoln, said
the pilot, He had been told to get her
back to New York the best way he knew
how; she didn't belong on the liner. They
hadn't been in the pilot's yawl more than
five minutes when the Columbia came along
and picked them up. Roach didn't know
why Katarzyna had been put off—maybe
she was a female anarchist.

While the transfer of Katarzyna was
being made Mr. Coneys took a look over
the Columbia and found that she was leck-
ing in all the essentials of respectability
from a‘ Deputy Surveyor's point of view.
So he had to ask Mr. Dorman, the skipper,
to put back to port and come around to
the Surveyor's office on Monday to answer
‘questions about the absence of lights, li-
censes and life preservers.

When Katarzyna was landed at the Barge

Office a hurry call was sent to St. Joseph's |

Polish Home at 117 Broad street and an in-
| terpreter from the home came down to the
office. Katarzyna meanwhile was glancing
furtively with dimmed eyes at the gold lace
and insignia of authority on the caps and
arms of Mr. Coneys and his assistants and
wondering if she had got arrested instead
of to Seranton. She bubbled over joy-
fully when the interpreter arrived. She
had been in this country since July 17,
when she landed at Ellis Island from Ant-
werp. A Joseph Bonesett of 627 West
Forty-second street, whom she had known
in the old country, had met her at the
island and taken her to his wife, there to stay
until she should leave for her sister's home
in Pennsylvania. Yesterday he bought her
ticket for Scranton, took her on a ferry-

| boat and pointed out the big building across

the river where she would find another
conveyance that would take her to Scranton.
Maybe it was the Twenty-third street.
ferry; Katarayna did not know.

When she got across the river, Katarzyna

| said, she saw some other people walk down

the atrest and out onto a pier where a very
large boat wae tied. No, she didn't see
any train. Maybe Mr. Bonsett told her
to get onatrain. Katarzyna did not know,
Since she had got on a boat to come to
America she reasoned that she muet get
on a boat to go to Scranton. So she got
on the boat. Maybe the people on the boat
found out when they were out at sea that
Katarzyna was not on the way to Scranton,

Katarzyna spent last night at St, Joseph's
Home. Maybe she will leave to-day for
Scranton—on a train this time. Katarzyna
does not know.

Child Murder Suspected.

Anton Schubert, janitor of the apartment
house at 1239 Franklin avenue, The Bronx,
reported to Policeman Minogue of the
Morrisania station last night that he had
feund the dead body of a very young girl
baby lying in the airshaft between the
houses at 1237 and 1289 Franklin avenue.

The child's skull had been crushed and
ced 80 as to give the idea
that it had fallen or been thrown from an
upper window. There were evidences
that it had been killed in the cellar of 129.
The janttor, hie son and a visitor were
arrested as ‘wetnetens.

Walsh Banks Paying Back Loans.

Caicaco, Aug. 3.--The Walsh banke in
liquidation have made a disbursement of
nearly $1,000,000 to the clearing
banks on account of the money advanced

 

 

them by those institutions in 1005 for the |
ositors. The ,

purpose of paying off their di

yment redness the original loan to about |
500,000, which sum is covered by a new |

note,

|» ‘Lattice Johnny Jones” Here Again,
Blaney's Lincoln Square Theatre opened

 

its season last night with a revival of George |

M. Cohan's “Little Johnny Jones” by an
adequate company.

 

 

Biack Arrow, Famous Balking Thorough-
bred and Once Derby Favorite, Dies,
Black Arrow, owned by Col. Hall Walker,

one of the sulkiest thoroughbreds ever bred

in England, died recently of an internal com. |

plaint.
year's Derby and the short price of 3 to 1
was obtained against him. In hia early
career he won the two-year-old plate and
Coventry plate at Ascot. At (ioodwood in
the Levant Stakes, ‘with 100 to 7 on him, he
bolted at the start and refused to run. Then
he atruck an agreeable streak and in the
( hampon © eeders Biennial gave Spearmint
last yore aw winner, three pounds anc
three lengths of a berting. Laat year he
won the Payne Stakes at Newmarket, the St.
James Palace Stake at Ascot and the Lin
field Park Plate, but in the Atlantic Sinke
at Liverpool, with 3to7 against him, he abso-
lutely refused to start.

 

Hastings in Engitsh Motorescie Test,

T. K. Hastings of the CFescent Athletic
Club of Brooklyn sailed for England yester-
day on the St. Paul to compete in the six day
contest of the Auto-Cycle Club which begins
on August 19. Mr. Hastings is an officer of
the Federation of American Motorcyclists
and has entered a twin cylinder Indian motor. |

gycie a candidate for honors in the big |
English c ontest. The test will be over 1,002
iles of rnglish. Yelsh and wyeten romds,

m
4 start and finish being in Lond
the reliability run of the aspen of Amer: |

fees siren Sew York ynt oer 4 Has: |
ona poin

house |

He was at one time favorite for last |

B. Altman & Ca.

MADE TO ORDER FOR AUTUMN FURNISHING.

®. Altman & Wa are PREPARED TO RECEIVE ORDERS

FOR THE COMPLETE
RESIDENCES,

 

MEET THE REQUIREMENTS OF

HAND.TUFTED RUGS MADE

SUGGESTIONS. ,

SPECIAL

MEN'S NEGLIGEE SHIRTS

MEN'S PAJAMAS ;
MEN'S WORSTED BATHING

Fifth Avenue, 34th and

ATAIR WINS CLOSE RACE,

Defeats Alera by 11 Seconds In Horseshoe
Marbor Regatta.

Seventy-two yachts took part in the an-
nual regatta of the Horse Shoe Harbor Yacht
Club which was sailed on the Sound off Larch.
mont yesterday. The largest class was for
the New York Y. ©. 50-footers and if the larger

achts and those that took part ip the Sea-
yenhake Corinthian Yacht Club race had
entered a new record for starters would have
been established.

The vachts sailed twice around a five mile
triangie in a light southerly wind that at
times had a little easting in it. The course |
was to Execution light, then to Whortleberry
Island and then home, making, it a beat on

 

the first leg, a reach on the secohd and a run |

home.
Five of the 20 footers started and the Atair
crossed the line first, followed Or the emg =
| Adelaide, Alera and Ne e Atair led
at the home maris, with the Alera second
j and Nepsi thira, and keeping her lead the
Atair won by it seconds, In the first division
of the handicap class the Thelema se. T
Chinook defeated the Rascal IIT, and Nora ll. °
in be raceabout class, In the second division
of the handicap class the Rascal won, and
n the thidr division the Firesy was the winner.
e summary of the races follows:

N. ¥ ¥. ©. BO FOOT CLASS —START 1:15—COURSE 10
MILES,

Elapsed
roe Baad
Yacht and Owner . M.A, M. 8.
ASsiais, G. A. & PH. Adee. . 2 12% 3 ‘61%
Nepsl, J, De 14 ; 415 47 800 47)
Banzai, C. B. a liory.. -» +o. Did not finish.
Alera, AH o& J, W. Alker ... 2.00411 86 2 6 34
Atatr, J. E, & G. C, Meyer... 411% 2M 26
HANDICAP CLA@S, FIRST DIVISION—START 1:25--
COURSE 10 MILKA.
Thelema, A, ©. Black 4 22 OR 2 57 OF |
Mist, Harry Jackson... 4397 7 312
RACRABOUT CLASS--START 1.35—COURSE 10 MILES.
Nora It., C. O. Iselin... . 4 87-08 8.92 OR
Chinook, C. B. Mallory.. ‘ 423 45 248 45
S. C, Hopkins.... 433 5) 2 S1

HANDICAP CLA88, BECOND DIVISION-START, 1:40--
COURSE, 10 MILES.
Tanboy, 1). Y. Pendas 5

Howdy, George =e dr. ae
Rascal, J. J. sen Ae
Grasshopper, Hatold Pryer..|.. 51

 

 

|
|
| Rascal IT...
|

 

HANDICAP CLASS, THIRD DIVIBION- START, 1:40
COURSE 10 MILER,
Huntress, L. A. Dyer........ . $1110 32610
Okee, J. A. Mabistedt 5010 41010
pence 1.,C, W, Voliz . 850 57 405 57
race Il., fw Lambden 61113) 48113
Wink, L. Vulte is . 5451 3 53 51
Gestion, W, Sheldon. 518 3 3 28 20
Firefly Easer ” . 503 0 318 SO
Arey. WB. Manny . 50421 319 21
Miss Modesty, H. A. Stewart 515 4 330 4%
LARCHMONT 21 FOOT CLA®S- START, 1:45--COURSE,
10 MILEA.
Vaquero, W mtumpt . 6 0) 27 31627
Dorothy, 7 G. Spence... .. 5 00 315%
Hourt, D. KE. Dealey -. 5 OL BH 3 16 38
Folietie, 1) e 3 Gare ey. 510 40 3 25 40
BLOOPS, CLASS R- START, 1:50--COURSE, 10 MILES.
Fansver. 4 See. 562 54 44h
iH. : 5 a 56 3 54 56
Virginia. L e Shicids. .. Did not Anish.
CATBOATS, CLAS® R—-START, 1:50-—-COURSE, 10 MILES
Arline, A. E, Rendie.... -» 02 57 412 67
Thelma, G. W. Glover. 6 08 04 416 04
Fairy, Frank Towle.............. 6033 413
Mariorile, G. G, Unitt..,........... Did not finish
Grace, C. P. Pearson... - 625 OO 35 00
Mirtam, P. 8S. Sheldon. Did not Anish.
MANBASSET BAY ¥. CC. ONE DESIGN—OTART 1:55-—
courer, 10 —
Arivona, G, W. Keal.. 6 06 » 411%
Ahoy, M. Tornom.. Did not finish.

RHODE ISLAND ONE DESIGN -START 1.55--COURBE 10

Lady G,, B. Randotph. 494 47 243 47

Mystic, K. O. Major. 6 O02 32 407 32

INDIAN HARBOR ONE DRSIGN--START 1.55—COURSR
10 MILES.

Anawanda, G.E.Goodman... «Did not Anish.
Owatonna, J. L. Ackerman... 61605 42505
Wa Wa, J. B. Robinson, Jr... 61748 422 48

NEW ROCHELLE CATBOATS—@TART 2 P. M.—-COURSE
10 MILB.

Mischief, J. L. Mitchell., 43451 2Mu
Nereid, George W. Fuller.. 4mm 2500

BRIO CLAS8—START, 2 P.M. COURSE, 5 MILES.

 

Skeeter, Thornton Smith ....... 44h 2% 52
Dragon Fly, Donald Cowl. ......4 30 99 23%
Cricket, Clarkson Cowl. soo 48790) «2:97 BO
Hornet, R. Howland. , 4 3847 247
Searab, KR. Fitzgiubons ......,. 42 3 0 bo
Wie Bug. George Corry. soe. 4 2007 22
lady Sug, F. Gade.,. seceekee @ 82 2B 2 82 26
SPECIAL HORSKSHOR HARBOR CLAGS—-8TART, 2 P M.—
COURSK, 5 MILRB.
Indra, G. A. Sutton 44755 247 SS
| Quinsiqamond, J. H. Woodward ..4 88 58 2 38 8
CATBOATS 18 FOOT CLASH—®TART, 2 P. M.—COURSR,
| + MILES.
| Zo-To-Aen, G. P. Sutton..........5 00 00 3.08 On
| Qneente, J. M. Willlams.. 40532 256 32
fun, J. C, Diaz ' 50853 318 68
| Rowsatl, W. Fisher... coceees 6 4710 B47 10
MILTON POINT CATS- START, 2 ?. M.~COURBE,
MILFS,
Inez, C. C, Converse. 430 29390
Frolic. C. A. Pearson. oh 2% %
AMERICAN DORY CLAGs- STAnr, 2 Pr. M.—OOURSR, 5
MILES.
‘im Cc £: Fry 5 02 41 302 41
| Faraway, A.B. bry 5 05 =, 305 12
| lLemora, w 'L. Churehtil, Did no # Ani sh.
Teddy, '\. Vanderloan 510 2 10 52
Molly, topes Weatervelt.. Did not finish.
Bo Hho, M. Cowperthwalt
Ruth, e ¥. Smith 5018 308 13

MANHASBED ¥, C, DORIFG Stan, 2 v. M.--OOURAE, 5

' Seadsy, H. Landis 44133 24133
y 75, Meera, iB 33%
¥ 6, W, H. Judson 43612 23612

CANADIAN HENLEY FINALS,
/

 

Metropolitan Rowing Club Entries Fall
Sr. CATHRXINES, Ontario, Aug. 3.—Fred

Feussell of the Metropolitan Rowing Club,
New York, started favorite, but only finished
third in the final of the sentor singles to-day
atthe Canadian Henley regatta. The Metro-
politan entry also lost in the senior doubles,
The results in the finalise were:

Junior Fours; 140 Pounds—Don Rowtng Club,
Toronto, won; Argonaut, Toronto, second; Sitawe
Rowing Club, third. Time, ¥ minutes 21 seconds.

Juntor Singles Celtic R. C,, Buffalo, won: Syues

RK. C., Buffalo, second; Don R. ¢- Toronto

| Time: “@ minutes 40 seconds.
Junior Doubles Don R, Cc.
second. Time, 0 minutes 47 secon

|
|
|
| to Win Out,
|
\

Junior Fours — ~Argonaut wor; ae
second; Toronto B. C., third, “TLe.f;
16 seeonds,
Intermediate Singles— te woo. Don,
second, Time, & ainates
intermediate St , Detrols RK. C.,

FINE DRAPERIES AND RUGS ~~

REQUIREMENTS IN SIZE AND DESIGN; EXAMPLES OF FINE EURO-
PEAN, ORIENTAL AND DOMESTIC MAKES BEING OFFERED a8

MEN'S FURNISHINGS FOR MIDSUMMER WEAR °

|
|
|
|
' | in Brilliantines, nicely trimmed
|
|

FURNISHING OF TOWN

HOTELS AND CLUBS

WITH LACE WINDOW HANGINGS AND INTERIOR DRAPERIES OF
EVERY DESCRIPTION; DESIGNS BEING ESPECIALLY PREPARED TO

EACH APARTMENT.

TO ORDER TO MEET SPECIAL

TO-MORROW, MONDAY, AUGUST 5th, AT THE FOLLOWING

PRICES : ‘

’ s . EACH. 85c.

MEN'S SILK NECKWEAR—FOUR-IN. HANDS AND CLUB TIES,
PER HALF DOZEN, $1.40

PER SUIT, $2.25

SUITS . PER SUIT, $1.90

35th Streets, New York.

 

 

es

LINGERIE

FOR SUMMER WEAR

| Drawers and
Corset Covers

$0c., 79¢., F8e.

Chemises and
Night Gowns

7396, F8C., 71.50

Petticoats
98c., 41.50, 41,98

Kimono
Dressing Sa

50c., 75c., 98c.

Long Kimoné
ns

98c., 71.45, 41.96

Summer Corsets,
hose supporters attached

1,00, $1.50

 

Bathing Suits,

Also a line of French Hand-
Made Lingerie at Reduced
Prices

 

Le outlier Bs

 

——

 

won: N, Consgrane, Argonauts. secon Time
10 Rees hee! geconga © i on . ‘/
es--Toronto Canoe
chine €. ©, and island A. A., ted for second, 0
Wipe wie. c.
ad anoe Race—Toronto C. won; Ielend
A. second; Parkdale, third. No t! tanen,
soc Singles —W. Bowler, Don 5
Jacob, Don C., second: Fred’ Feusell, Metro
politan. New York, third, ime, 10 minutes |S

second

9 oer a ae x” 1 * opied “Aes
ay a2

ut won; Winnipeg. R. C
utes 11 seconds.

R. C. won: Mowenetines
second. Time, ® minutes }:

ee

Big Crowd at New Jersey Trotting Meet.

ELivanera., N. J., Aug. 3.--Fifteen thousand
persons attended the invitation light hamess
matinée of the Road Horse peg ad of y
Jeraey at W jwante Park
mare Lady T driven by ¢; 34
Greepe. Jr., won the 2:21 Stott trot ESET din et
Gye. ‘inui won the free forall, The

oma . ee
Sentor Doutles-
. C. New York,

seconds.

   

ng
Laey ly Trivol. bik. *., by Star Kirk (J. A. 211
iighland a i 6 a Driseoll) 1 2 °
Handy Anay. igon ae Baa
i .€: Pw, iv slischel sn 4 ber
, Genin’: is
¥ a 2:22, 2:234.
40 Ciaes, st protting
tive Be & 1 be
Olive W iain, ee es Viuiiss 4 3 is
ae pat
2:10 class, peachy
Chestaut eur. ch. Sawn, 50.1.8
ons 2 410
4 280
8 Bro
a6
ats
Free for all trot
Gyp werent ir, tae Des sccccees —
Sir Arthur, bik. et laword Fe PD. scvevevccvere f 3
Hampton, b. g. (F. J. Gregory).............. a8

 

Miss Potter Wins Handicap Gingics #

Newport.
ae. S Ss » Aug. 3.—Mise Alice Power
ew York this morni tc’
i the hands cap Tate veaaia tou me ramen ar
ng

“anino,
of Philadelphia.” "Se rs

Handica

ed Doubles —Ft und.
eee f a8

aneien Alice Pot
6-4

Nora [ec
nud Detmore soe

um and James Kul

at Wwiitars “Hen ane

3 Gordon Coogan, 46-9

peat Bre, Harger. Ata cdeat o
beat M Mise’ = ie Ferce ens arin

 

 

U. P. to Put Im Gasolewe Motor Care oo
Branches.

Omana, Neb., Aug. 9.—One hundred

motor cars have been ordered by

gasolene
we AFeORAUIS. | the Union Pecitie Railroad for use on br branch

pasceger use 7 tase will be abs doned on branch
be built I” “Dee ‘woker' chops #

 

o