ene ™
sare

=~

==

———

sc oS eS >
5 pl GRP a ee

=.=
oo eZ

eae = wera

:
—

 

Se ee

. Oe
M6 SS

aD

 

”-
See aie aa.

a oe

a artes fers ae

Selilineebatehoncahe
. eee

 

 

RET 2

   
 

  

19
SAN FRANCISCO'S PORT MAYOR

VARIED ACTIVITIES OF DR, ED-
WARD ROBESON TAYLOR,

The Successor to Schmitz the Fiddler a Man
Not Expected to Take Orders From a
Bow —Prominent in: Many Different
Pursuite—Sanp!6 of His Poetry.

ox Francisco had a fiddler for Mayor
tr Huwene Selimitz. In Edward Robeson
Taylor it has a poet. Dr. Taylor is a few
other things-dean of
California's law department,
actiug president of the Coast's
medical school, a practical
ardent bibliophile—everything Wut a poli-
tician of the good old cannibal school;
but he is very well known through his
avocation of versifying.

Here are some lines upon San Francisco
of to-day, written not long before the new
Meyor moved to the City Hall:

for instance,

What matters that her multitudinous store
The garnered fruit of measureless desire—
Sank in the maelstrom of abysmal fire,

To be of man beheld on earth no more?

Her loval children, cheery to the core,

Quailed not, nor blenched, while she, above
the ire
Of elemental regings, dared aspire
On Victory’s wings resplendently to soar,
What matters all the losses of the years,

Sinee she can count the subjects as her own

that shure her fortunes under every fate;

Who weave their brightest tissues from her
tears,

And who, although her best be overthrown,

Resolve to make her and to keep her gereat?

When District Attorney Langdon set out
on the afternvon of July 16 last to ask Dr.
Taylor to be Mayor, he found his man in a
book store.
refused, Dr. John Callwey because he had
already given so much of his time to relief
work, Judge Ralph C. Harrison for the rea-
son that he had on hand certain litigations
which he deemed Cisqualifying.

Dr. Taylor knew this, knew also that his
name had heen so much the product of a
Moment's suggestion that nore of
morning newspapers, filled as they were
with “Who will be Mayor?” speculation,
had mentioned it. He asked for an hour's

grace. Before 6 o'clock he had accepted.
“Is accept this office with much relue-

tance,” he toid Kudolph Spreckels and Mr.

Langdon, Warwicks of the cecasion by virtue

of their grip on the boodling Supervisors,
“and only because | believe that any man
should heed the request, no matter what the
personal sacrifice may be.”

“Had any pledges heen exacted of me,”
he said later, “I would pot bave considered
the tender for one-thousandth part of a
second, As far as I am concerned there
will be no partisan polities. As Mayor of
this city every man looks just as tall to me
as every other man. The first essential to
good government is perfect order, and I
shall employ every arm of the law to the
end that such order shall prevail.”

Mayor Schinitz was given to the expression

of just such sentiments at times, but Schmitz, |

aave for a few hopeful weeks just after the
fire, was always roped and delivered.
evident that Mayor Taylor starts as his own

Dr. Taylor will be 69 on a 24.
He was born at Springfield, Ifl., of parents
who came from Delaware and Pennsylvania.
He attended Kemper School in Boonville,
Mo., and learned to set type in the office of
the Boonville Observer.

When he had mastered the printer's
trade he became the Ubgerver's editor. In
1862 he went to California.

“When I looked around me here,”
a reporter the other day, “I thanked God
for the privilege of living in such a country,
and I have thanked God for the same
privilege every day since.”

He got a job as purser on a Sacramento
River steamboat,
resting and was graduated from the Tolland
Medical College, now the medical depart-
ment of the State university, in 1865 In-
stead of sticking to medicine he became
private secretary to Gov. Haight, studied
law, was admitted to the bar in 1872 and
practised with Gov. Haight until the latter
died in 1879.

Yet when Cooper Medical College in San
Franeisco was founded in 1882 Dr. Taylor
wae made vice-president, and vice-president
he is still—acting president now as well.
His term as dean of Hastings College of
Law (University of California) began in
1899.

He was a friend of Senator Stanford, to
whom he was related by marriage, and was
a trustee of Stanford University until he

differed with Mrs. Stanford on policy and |

resigned. One of his sons, Henry, was
graduate manager of Stanford athletics for
ayear Henry and the other son, Edward,
are now the San Francisco firm of the
Stanley-Taylor Company, which does much
of the Coast's fine printing, including Dr.
Taylor's books

sides all this Dr. Taylor is not unac-
quainted with city affairs. He was a mem-
ber of San Francisco's original Board of
Freeholders, and of another board which
in 1898 made the city’s present charter. Ho
is a public library trustee of the working
sort.

He is a trustee of the San Francisco Law

Library, a former president of the San
Francisco Bar Association and poseenry
member of the State Medical has
written many papers for medical aoa leant
journals and is a member of the Bohemian
lub, He is a Democrat, but hasn't voted
the straight municipal ticket in forty-five
years,

And as for labor unions--“As Mayor I
know no union man nor organization man,
but every man as 4 man,” says the successor
of Schmitz. “I see that somebody has said
that I am not a man to feel any sympathy
with labor. He is mistaken. am 4 prac-
tical printer. I know every part of the
trade. I worked at it for years, and some
of the time I worked twenty hours a day.”

Dr. Taylor's best known literary work is
his translation of the Portuguese sonnets
of José-Maria de Heredia. It is the stand-
ard English translation, now in its fourth
edition. Here is “Oblivion”:

On headiand’s height the temple's ruins lie,

Where Death has intermixed bronze heroes
slain

With marble goddesses, whose glory vain

The lonely grass enshrouds with many a sigh.

Only at times a herdsman, driving by

His kine for drink, piping antique refrain

That floods the heavens to the very main,

Shows his dark form against the boundless
eky

The earth, sweet mother to the cods of old,
At springtime vainly, eloquent'y weaves
Round the rent capital acanthus leaves;
But man, no more by ancient dreams con-
trolled,
Hears without tremor, in the midnight deep,
The grieving sea for her lost sirens weep.
In the fourth edition is included Dr.
Taylor's own “The Music of Words”:
To give to Beauty her immorta) meed
As gemmed she lies immaculately fair:
To paint the hopes that end in fell despair,
While tones mellifiuous every passion breed:
To follow Fancy's fairy troop that lead
Through vales of Dream embathed in drowsed
air,
Or on Imagination ’s heights tedare,
What nectar hearted, golden words we need
Buch words as thine, thou muse encrowned
one,
Who, like some inextinguishable sun,
Bhall light the heavens of man forevermore:
Such words as Homer sent long, long ago,
With music winged through Greece's beart
of woe,
Or ouch as deathless make Heredia’s lore.
Here two stanzas from “Th ita,”
from “ js and Other Verses,” published

 

the University of |

leading ,
printer, an

the ,

It is |

he told |

studied medicine while |

ee

| im 1899 by Elder & Shepard, Sap Francisco:

| We cannot all be winely great,

| Much less be greatly wine:

| To few alone in’t given by fate

' To read the mysteries,

And in the mass of rubbish find

| The food that nourishes mankind
But none there is who cannot move
‘the world a little with his love.

 

| ‘the deepest poem in the one we feel,
And not the one that language can reveal:
' Oh, times there are when music stirs thesou',
Beyond mere words to measure or control,
| And myriad thoughts flit ghostlike through
the brain
That all the tonqguesof earth could never chain.
Let artist paint with ne'er so deep a speech,
Great worlds there are he cannot hope to
reach

Dr, Taylor has als £0 had published “Into
the Light—a Poem,” “Visions and Other
Verses,” and “Selected Poems,” a recent
voluine made necessary by the loss of
varler collections in the fire, and has had
riv ately printed “Memories and Other

| Verses.” One set of sonnets

Keith, a sonnet to a picture. In the way
of books Dr. Taylor has, or had--it may
have been burned also~a rare collection.
| He has original Kelmscotts, the only set
of Dove's Bible in California and other
rare editions.

More might be said about Taylor the
writer and scholar, but :the above ought
to be enough to convince Toledo that Brand
io is not the only literary Mayor in
sight

Personally Mayor Taylor is a genial old
gentleman with a fighter’s face. He has
a straight mouth and a firm unshaven
upper lip, and if his friends sometimes
allo’ that Dr. Taylor ia a crank they always
' add: “but a crank on the right side. There's

one thing—be has lived in California forty-
five years and has never been known to
take his orders froma boss.

AQUARIUMS SEACOW.

Parlier in the day two mea haal +

it Has Broken the. Captivity Record and
Hasn't Missed a Meal.

The sea cow now at the Aquarium has
been kept alive in captivity longer than any
other animal of its species ever exhibited
here. The previous record for sea cows
was ten months and eleven days; this sea
cow has been here now about e'even months,
; having been received on September 5, 1906,

and it is still in excellent condition,

It has never missed a meal since the day ,

of its arrival except on two occasions
when for brief periods food was denied it
for its own good. It eats about half a
bushel of green stuff daily, supplied to it
in two meals, one at 9 A. M. and the other
at? P. M.

Fel grass is what it eats principally,
but it eats also ulva, or sea lettuce, and
the ordinary land lettuce and
and csrrot tops and celery tops. It likes
eel grass best of all, but it is very fond of
lettuce; give it all the lettuce it would eat
und it would kill itself by overeating, just

as a land cow might kill itself by overeating |

if it got into a cabbage patch.

‘The various green things grown on the |
land that are fed to it constitute the bulk |

of the sea cow's food in winter when eel
grass ix unattainable on account of ice: eel
grass is the staple of its food in summer.

pensive to feed the sea cow in winter on
' Florida lettuce and Boston lettuce grown
at that season under glass, but as a matter
of fact it is not.
; The lettuce thus fed is the trimmings
the ranker outside leaves cut away by the
| wholesale produce dealers to give the
heads a sightlier appearance for market.
which trimmings the Aquarium buys for
| fifty cents a bushel, eo that to feed the sea
/ cow on lettuce or celery in winter costa
really only 25 cents a day.

The marine farmer, who keeps the sea
cow supplied with eel grass in summer,

| has this season eo far mowed an are, of |

| four acres ina spot on the shores of Graves-
j end Bay; like the land farrner, he uses a
scythe in his tnowing, but unlike the land
farmner he swings his scythe under water,
doing his mowing at low tide, when the
depth of water on the grass is least.

The eel grass grows in a season to be four
or five feet in length, the tops of it to be
seen undulating, with the movement of the
water over it, when the tideis high; equally
familiar is the sight of it as it all lies low
| and all one way, drawn so by the receding
| tide, when the tide is low; and it is at that
| stage of the tide that the marine farmer

gathers s> much of the crop as may be
' required for the sea cow's needs.

fore the oo in cutting eel grass

for the ssa cow, it has been cut down to
the roots but this season in mowing over
a space, about four inches of the crass
has been left. standing. In the course of
| two or three weeks the grass thus left stand-
ing adds five or six inches to its length by
growti, and then this space is ent over,
down to the roots for a second crop, this
second crop grass being found better and
| tenderer.

When the 82a cow was firat brought here
from the Florida waters, in which it was
taken, it had in the upper part of its bod ~
just clear of the base of its tail a dee»
wound with an opening about three-quarters
of an inch one way by one quarter of an ine’)
the other, a wound such as might be made
by a spear head and which was perhaps
inflicted upon the sea cow in an attempt
to capture it. For six months this wound
was treated daily with an antiseptic aoln-
tion; it has since been dressed every other
day with an antiseptic powder; these treat -
ments being given when the pool is drawn
clear of water to be cleaned and the sea cow
is ving on the pool's floor.

At first the s°a cow flapped ita tail with
pain when the treatment wae applied, but
now it takes it very kindly. Twies the
wound has closed and pus formed in it,
each time to be lanced and cleaned and
the treatment resumed.

It might seem — it would he difficult
or imnoasible to keep a 2 pert dry within
a wound upon an ani that for so much
of the timejremains submerged in water,
but this is accomplished easily. The powder
is placed In the wound on cotton, the orifice
of the wound being then plugged with
cheesecloth, this making a plug that proves
perfectly efficient. When at theend of the
second day, as now,the dressing is renewed,
dry powder is found on the dressing re-
moved. Originally this wound in the sea
cow was five and a half inches in depth; but
now it has healed to within about an inch
of the surface, and there rea no reason
to doubt that it will in due time be healed
completely.

So this sea cow, which has now broken
the record, is getting along in every way
very nicely; it ia certainly as well cared for
and as comfortable here as any sea cow
could be anywhere in captivity.

BE st OIL FOR ROADS.

Results of a Test in Kansas—Olls Must Can-
tain Agphaltum.

A recent teat of oils for road making in
Kansas showed that the residuum from the
refinery was superior to any of the crude
ois, one gallon of the residuum being equal
| to two to four of crude oil.

 

In order to determine the value of this
— for road making, says Country Life
| merica, a road bed was prepared in sandy

 

|. After grading it ughed f
EF a hal hes fe eal temebel. i
| . 2 follow: each
application tall one. compan, am nes
uni been appl
| aa aces was then
|
After congiirable the surface of the
road became dusty ee another application
| ad mate. Prof. Dickens reports that the ,
in perfectly satisfactory, being firm |
| not

Another stretch of road treated in the
ing three

}

was written ,
around the pictures of the painter William |

romaine |

It might seem that it would be rather ex- |

i. ea

THE SUN’ SUNDAY, AUGUST 4,

COLORADO'S __ OWN COINAGE

AIGH Prices PAID NOW FOR

PIKE'S PEAK MONEY.

 

1,000 Given for a Geld Deoubie Eagie and
It Is Not the Rarest Cotn of the Series
—Coins Struck by Private Firms as a
Substitute for Gold Dust as Currency.

The private gold coins of Colorado are
now arousing the interest of collectors
and $1,000 is said to have been paid the other
day for a Pike's Peak 1860 twenty dollar
gold piece. So far as the records show this
ia the highest premium ever ped for @ coin
of Colorado.

Yet the 1860 double eagle is not by any
means the rarest of the series. Indeed some
of the private gold coins of Colorado are
among the rarest of all the coins issued in
the United States.

From 1860 to 1862 three firms in Denver
struck gold coins of the denominations of
$2.50, $5, $10 and $20 to replace as a circu-
lating medium the gold’ dust which was
carried about by miners and weighed out
to suit their needs. These firms were Clark,
Grubér & Co., John Parsons & Co. and John
Conway & Co. The first concern was the
moat prominent and a member of the firm
said in 1862 that ite coinage capacity was
about $60,000 a year. Comparatively few
coins were struck by the other firms.

Of the twenty dollar Pike’s Peak gold
piece there are two varieties, dated 1860
and 1861. That dated 1860 shows on the ob-
verse an eagle with upraised wings, bearing
upon its breast a shield and holding in its
talons three arrows and an olive branch.
Below is the date, “1860.” Around the bor-
der is the name of the issuing firm, “Clark,
Gruber & Co.”

On the reverse, filling almost the entire
field, is a representation of Pike's Peak, be-
neath being the word “Denver,” while
around the border is inscribed
Peak Gold.” Below is the denomination
“Twenty D.” This is the $1,000 piece.

The sevond variety shows the head of |
: |
liberty to the left on the obverse sur- ;
rounded by thirteen stars. The coronet bears |

the words “Pike’s Peak.” Underneath is
the date, “1861.”

On the reverse is an eagle with out-
stretched wings, with a shield upon its
breast. There are arrows and laurel
branches in the talons, and from the beak
is suapended an ornamental band, com-
pletely surrounding the eagle, above which
and beneath a radiation is a coronet of
thirteen atars. At the bottom is “Twenty

There were eleven other varieties of gold
coins issued in 1860 and 1861 in Colorado

Two of the denomination of $2.50 were issued |

by Clark, Gruber & Co. and spevimens of
each have sold for $15 apiece .

A bird variety of the same denomination
has the inscription “Pike's Peak, 244 Doll's”
on the obverse, while the reverse bears the
| firm name “J J Conway & Co,
, Only two specimens of this coin are known,

one of which is in the mint cabinet at Phila-
| delphia. It is regarded as one of the rarest
of United States coins and far more valu-
able than the 1860 Colorado double eagle.
, The fourth and last variety of the de-
nomination of $2.50 was issued by John
Parson & Co., Oro City, Col.
of these are said to be in existence.

On the obverse is shown a five stamp |

quartz crusher, with the eee me

arson & Co., Oro.” This coin is of
design and workmanship and is worth i.
much more than the other Colorado coins
of the same denomination. An offer of $350
has been made for a specimen. i

The rarest of the five dollar pieces was
also issued by Jahn Parson & Co. Like the
$2.50 piece it did not bear a date. Only two
of these coins are known, and the Unite i
States Mint is the possessor of one of them.

! Philadelphia during she recent Stickney
| coin sale. Several of the leading coin

collectors of the United States were at |
the mint and each was asked what in his |

indgment was the rarest piece in the |

Territorial gold coin section of the mint
cabinet. Not one selected the J. S. Ormsby
$10 gold piece of California, which recently
brought $1,210 in London, but the first
choice of all was the $5 Parson piece. ‘The
second choice was the $2.50 piece of Con-
way & Co., while a few thought the $10
gold piece of Templeton Reid, assayer
; who struck coins in Lumpkin county, Ga.,
, some time in the early ‘308 taken
from the Georgia mines ought to have the
place of honor.

Five dollar 4 givers were also issued
by Clark, Gru & Co., and specimens
have brought $15 ‘each, Of these there are
two varieties.

A $5 piece issued by J. J. Conway & Co
fesemures in ooulen the $2.50 piece issued
by the same firm. Like the lower denomj
nation, it is of great rarity. A specime
has not been pu —- offered for sale, so
far as the records show, and there is no
way of estimating its value.

The first variety of the $10 pieces shows
on the obverse an eagle with upraised
wings bearing on its breast a ield.
Around the border is “Clark Gruber & Co.”
and below it is dated “1860.” On the re-
verse is a view of Pike's Peak and beneath
is the word “Denver.” The inscription is
“Pike's Peak Gold,” with the denomination
“Ten Dollars” below. This has sold for $38.

The second vane of eagle is dated 1861,
with the head of Liberty on the obverse.
surrounded by thirteen stars, and “Pike's
Peak” on the coronet. “Clark, Gruber &
Co., Denver,” is the anattittent on the
reverse. The value of this variety is placed

i t $20.

' * The last variety of ten dollar gold piece
, was that struck by J. J. Conway & Co. This
! coin, like the rest of this concern’s issue,
bore no date, and the design was the samo
as for the $2.50 and $5 . Tt is ex-
tremely rare and there is no record of one
having been offered for sale. Not even the
United States Mint cabinet can boast the
pospeaston of a specimen of this denomi-
nation.

Keference haa been made to still another
variety of Colorado Bat there by ar “— known
numismatic expert, © record
of a specimen being in ee. The
design vat ote mp wes original and dif-
fered from all the others, bat indications
point to its having pean the 8, prosuct of the
mint of Clark, suber & Oa the ob-
verse of this ‘piece as a a aoa of
Pike's Peak, with the words “Denver City
Assay Office.” In the field on the reverse
are a miner's sieve, a spade and a pickaxe
crossed, beneath which is “917-1000.” On
either side are three stars, the date “1860,”
| and the words “Five Token.”

On April 21, 1863, ress authorized the
| establia ment of a United States Mint in
| Denver and the private mints went out of

OB ee ee ee re Ee eee anne eee ees eee —

 

business. No coins were struck here by
ahe Government, owing to the scarcity of
metals brought about by the war, and the
plant was used only as an assay office. In
January of 1906 the. first United States coin
was struck at Denver.
COINS AND STAMPS,
i A. N., Ancon. “Panama, —What ts the value

of the Motewin old copper coin | dug up here? On
j; one side ts ge et ore aries 1V. with an inecrip-

ton and the date “1805.” The reverse contains
the Spaniah coat of arms, with this inscription,

“Hispan, Ft Ind. Rex

Your coin ts In all Wkelibood a one maravedi
plece of Spain. It ts not at all rare. One cata-
logue lists all the copper coins of Charlies IV., which
consisted of the denominations of one, two, tour
and eight maravedis, dating from 1798 w 1408, as
being worth 35 cents in good condition and 50 cents
when ao preserved.

Pawtucket. R._ 1.~-Kindly tell me the
> yale Sis as oa) rare ihe onda" idl a tol:
row ia”
lar, Fifty Cont od the date .

This ts one of the two aa ‘onan. of fifty cent
pieces utrucW in the year, those with lettered edge,
such as you describe, and those with a reeded edge.
The former ts not rare, and Is valued at but a few
, cents over face value even ven when im mint condition,

L. C., New York Cl — What a ee coin © Fimteh

ae SSSeRe

SVU wy » are on gee , or

Tia oye pussies He

Le age ee Ag

ait PRT Pe ave ti ieee ar

“Pike's |

D.” This coin has brought $300 at an auction. |

Bankers.” |

Only three |

Hvidence of ite ranty was ates in j

dT AM rae

 

 

bearing « cross and eword, four bodies lyin
the ground. and what to be a woman han fing
wome draperies over .
top ts “Ugonottorum
This le & medal struck at the Papal mint, and
the reverse does represent the St. Bartholomew's
massacre. [tis not included among the rare med ain

bronze having brought $1.90 at @ sale some years
ago.
ont H.H., New York City.--In there any premium

an Amercian $10 gold piece, good as new, coined
‘fn 1900?
No.

P.C.L., New York Oity,—Were 81 ogee certificates
ever Issued prior to the series of

gold banks in California and one in Massachusetts
issued notional bank bills which were redeemable
in gold. These were like the usua! national bank
note of the period on the obverse, but the reverse
showed 2 mass of United States gold cuins of all
denominations, The gold bank bills consisted ‘of
denomtnations of $5, $10, $20 and upward.

A.G., New York City,--Enclosed please find *
rubbing of a largacoin. Has it any value’

This plece ts a souvenir of the mint exhibit at
the World's Fair in Chicago. These medals were
| all coined in bronze, but some were gold plated

The former sold for 25 cents, the'latterat & cents.
| It should be worth the latter figure to collectors.

i

F. C. M., Mount Vernon, N. Ye-Will you kindly
tell me the value ofanickel of i683 with “FE Plurtbus
Unum” in place of “cents.” Also of 50 cent pleces
dated 1454 and 1405, mint mark “B" on latter, and
a five centime copper plere of France dated 1555.

There ts no premium on a nickel of 1885 of the
regular Issue either with or without cents.
50 cent plece of 1454,!f In uncirculated condition,
should be worth a siight premium, but that of
1805 Is held at face value. There is no mint letter

“tb.” The French coin bears no premium.

 

8S. R. L., New York City —Ie there any premium
on a copper cent dated 16667
No.

r. S._F., Stottville, N.Y. Have bills issued by
the U nived Co ontes at Philedelpnte in 1776 any
' value? p peneeee two-—one for $30, Issued Novem

rr he 2. jn and another for $4, Issued February
17, 1776.

Collectors value these bills at from 25
each,
denomination.

to 50 cents

 

| §&. G.S., Tottenville, S. I.—Three Britisn cotne |
| have been du “Pp near here. They are of copper,

with the head of George II. The dates are 1752,
1749 and elther 1758 or 1750. What are they worth? |

| The colns are evidently halfpennies. There
were two varteties of the copper coins of this King,
which date from 1727 to 1760, one variety showing
the young head of the King, the other with older
features, The latter are all common, and worth
bit little over face value. while the former are
slightly rare. A rare balfpenny of this series, from |
which the letter “r" In “Georgius” bas been omitted,
is held at a fair premium,

STAMPS,

! P. A. N., New York Clity-—-I have about a dozen
| Hawallan mam pe. used and unused, which | got
| in Honolulu before the occupation \iso a couple
of the stamps used during the Columblan celebra
tou of a few years ago, Is any value attached &
them by collectors?

rhere are many varteties of the Hawaitan ene |
used before the American occupation, and they
| vary tn value. Columbian stamps are listed In
the standard catalogue at about double face value
; for unused and about one-half face value for used
starr ps.

—

J. N. W.. New Haven, Conn.—What ts the value
of the following internal revenue stamps, issued
at various dates, from during the civil war. or
soon after. to about 1870" wenty cent brown
, and thirty cent Hlac tniand exchange, ffiyv cent
' brown certificate, insurance, protest and entry of
| woods, fifty cent blue (no special use designated)

Nght green mortgage, greenish blue conveyance. |

} Hae conveyance, entry of gouds, light blue probate
rocess; $1 red brown foreten
exchange; $1 green (no use
$1 brown power of attomey and life
Insurance; $1.50 blue tnland exchange, $2 brown
conveyance and mortgage. $8 green charter party
and $5 brown probate of will.

There are several varieties of each of the stamps
| you deseribe, They exist on old paper and sitk
paper, unperforated, perforated and part per-
forated, and these conditions have everything to
| do with the value w collectors. They are listed

In the standard catalogue at the following figures,
which are those for perforated specimens, on ofd

paper, the condition of the majority of such stamps:

of will anc original
exchange and inlaw
designated),

‘Twenty cent inland exchange, 2 cents; thirty cent |

Inland exchange, 6 cents. Of the twenty five cent

stamps the certificate ts quoted at one cent, the

Insurance at three cents, protest, 25 cents; entry
| of goods, 12 cents. The fifty cént mortgage, 4
' cents; conveyance, two cents: original process,
_ two cents; probate of will, 75 cents; entry of goods,
| four cents, One dollar foreign and inland ex
| change, five cents each; power of attorney, eight
cents’ Hfe insurance, 15 cents. Two dollar con
| \erance, cents mortgage, 1 cents. Three dollar |

charter party, 15 cents. Five dollar probate of |
will, SS cents, One dollar and a half inland ex-
change, 18 cents. The values of these stamps
vary greatly, the 8 probate of will when unper
forated being valued at $12.50.

| Ss. M. Roxbury, Mass. -Can you inform me
when ‘ite ‘damon were used on letters” Have the
original letters and envelopes tracings of which
1 enclose any special value? They are not cata
logued as far as IT can learn. | also have several
postmarks from Kansas which must be rare.

We are unable to say when the postage paid mark
was first used on letters, The envelopes you dé
seribe, bearing the postmarks of different New
Vngland towns and citles, with the postmasters’
marks showing that the postage has been pald
are not catalogued by the standard catalogue for
the reason that they do not come directly under
the head of stamps. Certain persons make a
specialty of the collection of postmarks of all kinds,
and they may pay a small premium for them.

 

SAMP AND JAWN SHAWP.

Former's Advice About the Campaign of
“Brains Agin Ha'r.”

John Sharp Williams of Mississippi he is
called in Washington and “Jawn Shawp”
of Yazoo in his home country, says Fred-
erick Palmer in Collier's. Occasionally
Samp Giddings comes to town from the |
swamps to give him advice. Samp is a
lean Red Neck and a veteran of the late
unpleasantness. Only once did he ever
ask a political favor.

“Jawn Shawp,” he said, as he slouched
on to the Williams porch in the spring of |
1898, “I heah the Yankees have had to call |
in the Confeds to he’p ‘em whip the |
Spaniards. My shouldah’s been itchin’
evah since I hea'd the news—an’ I've been
votin’ fo’ you, Jawn Shawp, right regularly. |
These yerg recruitin’ officers say I’m too
old. Jawn Shawp, I kim ovah to see if
you couldn't use yoah influence up to Wash-
ington an’ fix it so's I could tote a musket
ag'in ‘fo’ I die. Yis, seh, my shouldah’s
a-itchin’—an’ I've been voting fo’ you
right regularly, Jawn Shawp.”

Mr. Williams passed the word to Mr.
McKinley, with a description of Samp's
personality, and the President passed the

word to the War Department, which made
an exception of Samp, who served through

| its cam = with a volunteer regiment
in the hippies and saw young men go |
sick and die while he kept well.

Two or three years after he was mustered
out he rea red on the Williams porch,
and following some preliminary talk about
the cotton crop he began

“Jawn Shawp, I tan yoah becomin’ a
right pow'ful man in Washington, an’, Jawn |
Shawp, I heah all the Yankees aire
apension. Now, yo’ don’t reckon—-—

"said John Sharp.

ttin’

“You get out, “You're

peers immo

. shaking his head gravely.
He Silos ing furttier to say to John a
until this summer.

“Jawn Shawp, I heah you want to ,&o to
that Yankee : te. I reckon it’s ‘cause
yo’ah n’ proud. This
ovens around quite lively.

6 friends sayin’
icans too much

yere Verquemen.s
I heah so
‘o’ run with the 3 Re-
lease ‘em, Jawn
hawp. But 1 tol’ 'em I knowed from pus-
sonal experience was wrong.
had run with the Republicans
me that peneen. bekase all the
gt, = ons, and it keeps us f.
gore,
camel delivered p de-

half ray out of the Send
hon he stopped and led back over his

shoulder
“There ain't no Vardaman men down our
I ain’t permittin’ none.”
qpatinnsd a few steps further and

"He
+ agin ha'r," ho said loud to th
6 agin

ool in general. ’ -

If you
‘ou i a got
blicans
ape 8 down
co ‘em.”
his pay’

or 43
’ A ivlligh on

insoription on

so far as can be ascertained, « provf specimen tn |

This ts the frst issue. Some years ago netional

The |

according to condition and Irrespective of |

ete

 

  

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS. | BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS.

1 ew ree PLP LPL LA PPP

nl Window Shade 5 3
Ready to Hang, 19c

Good. quality opaque,
36x72 inches, mounted on ;

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS |

OI rer ON rr RRR nnn ren nnnnnnnn n>

[Ap resi sSam

 

 

  

BROOKLYN
Our Store closes every day at 5—Saturdays at {2 during July and August. {spring roller. 3
PPP LLL |

 

 

U. S. Gov't Bought Here wc. of Biankets

From stocks gathered for this Summer sale, because our prices are less than those of a oa list of competitors.
We are short just that many Blankets, but the Government gobbled them and we will not advance prices.
Here are the Blankets, in all weights, for all at splendid savings, and we will accept ONE

DOLLAR deposit on a pair and store them until October Ist.
Blankets, $5.00 Pair.

$6.75 All Wool pe a Sage tne woo! filled

No question about our supremacy in Blankets and Bed Clothing, and this offer at $5.00 pair is the test in Greater New York.

$5.00 Blankets, $2.98. geunta, you | boy Gas Siete 3 pe $2.00 Value Blankets, $1.39,

 

PIP IGP ILPI OS

M f good quality 80 per cent. ht damages,
California wool’ filing,” perfect’ goods; | $6.00 Value Blankets, $3.98, | | Flewedown Blankets, slight dameces
single bed size. Because we have only pink and yellow an - /

The cost of wool to-day is $1.00 a| borders; California wool filling on fine |4 customer. None C. O. D.; no mail or >
ound, and as these Blankets weigh four | spool cotton warp. | telephone orders. “2

  
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

Cad
oS
=
|e
, ©
—_
=e
.
TR
=
g°
S
.
B gs
Q
©
qo
=
=
-_-
4s
-
r
aon
an
$?
Pu

"3
Is the first item in a special sale of handsome lace effects, bright, new and crisp, direct from the factory. ;
We planned this sale to attract and keep the department busy. 3

 

 

 

 

 

are from one-third to one-half below regular prices. What are regular |
prices? Prices that are asked for the same quality and style of goods in “

 

responsible stores—that defines regular prices.

This $15.00 Solid Oak Table, $8.75.

Polished, 45 inch top, extends 6 feet, 14 inch pedestal base. Try to
duplicate it for less than $15.00. Our price, $8.75. Only one to a cus-

tomer. Positively no mail or telephone orders filled.

 

SIDEBOARDS,

~rewewne $19.98 val
SS gy. for $1498

CHINA CLOSETS,

re a
ery, ae
so0eksaws wos csclae

   
  

BRASS BED SPECIALS, |

$26.75 value $16.75 v.
for $18.50 | $19.98 v.
$29.98 value $25.98 value for. .

      
       
    
  

for $22.50 $31.96 value for.........- ere 7) for $19.98
Oe aa8.98 BUPFETS, 10 gS
$43.75 value $24.75 value for....... ie $31.50 value
for $33.50 $26.75 value for......... occ cc es OeleeO for $26.75
| $29.98 value for........ (von ne cere

   
  
 
    
  
  
  

| 3ePIECE PARLOR SUITS.

 

|

} This reed | $23.50, upholstered in damask... .$17.85 | den
| 3 Rocker, a | saree copupennd in nes . + $21.75 in
| back, natura’ | $37. olstered in loose eek =

ma cues | galling secccsooscotsspcoecsalae seat

an lurable, |
5-PIECE SUITS aes
1 e

| sS1o0. Only | $35.00, upholstered in tapestry... .$29.98 $2.98, at $1.85,
| gone to a cus- | $49.98, upholstered in Sicilian. ...$39.50 Only six to a
| tomer. | $65.00, uphol. in panne plush... .$58.75 customer.

   

PPP PPPL

‘Fall and Winter Carpets “i2f'uiea FREE.

At any time you want the work done, and at the lowest competitive prices,
quality, beauty of pattern, coloring equal, and at our present special low prices.
uppose you see our stocks and the cost, and talk it over.

' eee

3200 Pairs of Women’s 8c
$2.00 and $2.50 Oxfords ' * un

It’s our annual Oxford clearance sale, without reference to cost,-and is looked
forward to by thousands who know the splendid coogemetty ft offers. We want
all the extra expert help we can secure for Pick your size and hand them
to a salesperson to make out a check. Not pan “than two pairs to a purchaser.
None sent on approval, because there will not be half enough to meet the demand.

— We warrant the wear of every pair.
PPAPPPPPD

. Any Best Sewing Machine

 

 

 
     
  
   
    
   

 

 

At $1.00 down she $1.00 a week. Bring an expert and take his advice.

Matthews’ A, drop head, adj’ ‘matic lift, | Automatic chain stitch (Willcox & Gibbs’ | Matthews’ $25.00 drop head. 5
special... ...-..+. covceves oe ardonped system) Machines, drop head, patent BAT ETE ee vo neve ee ee ens +5 2280
Matthews’ No. 2, box top........$12-25) lift ess esceeeeeeeeeseeer sees $40.00 | MOR ® romsectrousssereisne
$22.50 Vindex, drop head, 5 aon, Matthews’ W, drop head, 5 drawers, | Folder free to of Machine
automatic &  sotomati to beneenn cade hen + $19,50| auto lift... ..........4+++ +++ $20.50 | Monday. Floor.

 

 

oo Dress Suit Cases, Bags, Straps and Belts.

A display that leaves no room for disappointment.

Guaranteed wa Suit ge Sue Teh Gam, 24 and 26

terproof matting 14 inch Trunk Str; shoulde:
Cases, steel frame, brass lock and side leather > © Gut

ceeeeeeeccee, 98.483 $8.98
bolts, linen lined, sizes 24 and 26 Panama gr ass Trave' Bags leather 7 ft. 8 ft. 9 ft. 10 ft,
with -— 4% frame 50c. 55c. 60. 68c. each

Bridle leather Dress Suit Cone ae
pons lock and trimmings, reinfi
linen lined, with shirt portet.
$4.98; = $5.48;

feather handlen, elses 14 to 16

Cage Traveling Bags, 10 to 18
INCH... cece eee cence ee  98C. to $1.98

Shawl Straps, each........25c. to $1.69
Bag Tags, each..............10¢. to 28c
Dress Suit Case Straps, 5 foot, each,

2c. and 25c

ther corners, straps 28 ne 3 —
24 inch,
$5.69

Sole leather Dress Cases, with | Genuine cowhide leather high cut Handles, each........ 39,
straps all the w vey Sl handles,| Traveling Bags, hand sewed, leather - . grass Telescope oa =
hinges and locks all riveted and burred,| lined and covered frames.......$4.98 with leather shawl straps, practical
linen lined, with shirt pocket, 24 inch, | Genuine cowhide leather Traveling Bage and cheap for tra and vacation
$5.98; 26 inch, ...... ecccccc cc otto 10 to 18 inch, prices. .. .. .$1.98 td $3. trips, complete...... 5%., 6%

Extra cue Dress Suit Cases, 8 in. deep, | Black walrus Club Traveling Allover embroidered Wash Belts, regu-

leather covered frame, brass
leather lined, sizes 14, 15 and 16 inch,
prices............$4.98; $5.25; $5.48

made lar 19, quality, °
better Sie 24 inch, $6.98; 26 inc each . 006 Son oe wom

| DUR 6.0 0.0 00:0 02000 9000000520000uE
|
|
!
|
| $7.48; 28 inch, $7.98

     

 

    
  
  
   
   

  
 
   
   
  
 
 
   
  
  
 
 

 

Mackinaw Refrigerators.
See it in action in our Basement,
saving the food and ice.
Inches Inches Inches Ice

Vacation Souvenirs.

Here Is @ list of unique vacation souvenirs
that, if you find them at any resort, will cost
three times our

Price. We will not stlompe a & description of them,

   
 
  

capacity. because th tions to strike th
35 $10.49 Bomeare To cokste, come plate, ‘but each
50 $14.98 peeeeeses cleverness and artistic taste. See
R. ae lp (china), Sipe end unripe, pevtens es
Apartment house style, with two _—a

front doors—
Inches faaes Inches Ice

Lemons (mili jugs) .
Melons (cream jugs)
Cows (cream jugs)...........

 

nee eens
Women’s Neckwear 54 Price. 3

— deep. cogectty Price. Pretty little decorated ...... Oc, up About 150 dozen; manufacturers’
SH BS MY f micerems aceon § fame ce eat gpl

49 ts,

éi ¥ 3 125 $27.98 Automobiles (china), souvenirs of Brochiya, ae S m ua

Basement.
Wrenner

Special Sale of Best Trunk

We believe we sell more Trunks than any other firm—that suggests that the Trunks are rig 3
° and so is the price,

Basement.

ae Sam to 2b coch 8