sea

ET om 8S

tan dimen neni

AS

“ie

>

she en elle tection

~ Eee

Saeco

 

——
——— ‘ :

 

—_—

 

nt re

_——- -

SUNDAY,

AUGUST 4, 1907.

 

oa -— a)

 

 

—_—.
Entered at the Post OMce at New York as Second
Clase Mal! Matter,

eo eee os
———- +

 

a
—_

 

Subscripiions by Mall, Postpaid,

DAILY, Pet Moni co.cc cceeeweeeeeeeeneee
DAILY, Per Yeor eeeseeccee Pr
BUNDAY, Per Voar ...cc.ceccccee o

DAILY AND SUNDAYS, Per Year. ..ccce cece
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Month. ......066
Postage to foreign countrtes added,

Published by the Sum Printing end Pubitsbing
Avsociation at 170 Nassau street, fa the Borough of
Manhattan, New York, President and Treasurer
of tee Association, Willlam M, Laffan, 170 Nassau
rect; Secretary of the Assoctation, Franklin
Dartiett, 5 Nassau street,

Paris oMce, 82 fue Loulste Grand, Thedally and
Sunday editions are on sale at Klosque 12, pear the
Grand Hotel; Klosque 77, Boulevard des Capucines,
corner Place de! Opéra, and Klosque 10, Boulevard
Ges Italiens, corner Rue Louts le Grand

If our friends who favor us with manuscripts jor
Pudlication wish fo have rejected articles returned they
must tn all cases send stamps for that purpose,

 

The Compact,

1. By proposing to the several States
the Fifth Amendment of the Constitu-
tion, and by accepting it after its adop-
tion by the people of the States, did not
the Congress covenant and agree with
the people of each State that the Federal
Government would not without “dune
process of law” deprive any railroad or
common carrier of reasonable renuner-
ation for services rendered ?

2. By accepting and ratifying the Four-
teenth Amendment of the Constitution
did not North Carolina, like Alabama
and the rest, covenant and agree with
the United States and all the other
States and their people not to deprive,
‘without due process of law, any railroad
or common carrier of reasonable com-
pensation for services rendered, nor to
deny to them the equal protection of the
laws ?

3. Is it not true that only the Federal
courts have jurisdiction to decide finally
whether this constitutional compact is
violated or not; that is, whether a com-
pensation or remuneration fixed by Stata
legislation is reasonable or not?

4. By its debates and votes a year ago
last June on the amendment of section
15 of the original interstate commerce
act did not the Congress declare in effect,
and in opposition to President RKoosx-
VELT's well known preference, that the
Federal Judiciary should have the right
and power to suspend, modify and enjoin
any unreasonable rate of any railway or
common carrier, prescribed by Congress,
by a State Legislature, or by a commis-
sion of either; and to prevent any person
from enforcing that rate until it should
be declared reasonable by a competent
Federal court?

These four questions are perhaps
worthy of study by the candid and the
enlightened of all ways of thinking.

 

Bryan and Auother,

A great many influential Democrats
fn various parts of the South must have
been surprised by the apparently au-
thorized announcement of Mr. BRYAN'S
willingness to accept the party nomina-
tion should it be tendered to him by
the party next year.

Those who fondly imagined them-
eelves to be in enjoyment of the great
man’s confidence have been telling all

‘inquiring persons during the past few

months that Mr. BRYAN has pretty well
made up his mind to refuse the Demo-
cratic leadership unless it should appear
that his candidacy is indispensable to
harmony within the organization. They
have been careful to add that of course
their hero would sacrifice himself once
more rather than see th® Democracy
abandoned to discord, but that person-
ally he infinitely preferred the role of
mentor and referee.

Now, finding that a great number of
the Southern leaders are hostile to his
latest philosophies, especially that of
Government ownership, and filled with
cheerful alacrity in the matter of ac-
cepting his retirement, Mr. BRYAN sud-
denly authorizes some one else to recant
his previously published programmes
and cance! all Pickwickian resignations,
Such are the ways of greatness;
the manifestations of Genius!

Leaving the Prophet's disconcerted
disciples to explain to their respective
vongregations as best they may, we take

two minutes to consider the present
predicament of the Southern Democracy
and the possible effect of Mr. BRYAN's
change of front upon another and still
more illustrious Superman, For the
Southern Democracy we have all the
respect of our hopes and expectations,
They have not only the opportunity, but
the moral and intellectual equipment for
a brilliant patriotic demonstration, Cir-
cumstance bas thrown the ball straight
at them and they will grip or fumble it,
as may be. But if Mr. Bryan, who bas
nothing to renounce save failure and
humiliation, can get bis own consent to
perish in the dust again, what may not
Temptation achieve with one for whom
renunciation means real sacrifice?

The Nebraska Prophet may like de-
feat. At least he is inured to it, and we
must not forget that he personally bas
grown rich upon it. We can imagine a
temperament that prefers martyrdom
—with opulence on the side to the spec-
tacle of another's eminence at the cost
of his own obscurity. ‘The Sage of Saga-
more Hill, on the contrary, has long wal-
lowed in the lap of Fortune. Ttiumph,

Wisdom, Power, Autocracy have come to
be to him as the breath of his nostrils.
Is it not wonderful that he should value
_Abese things leas than BRYAN values gap-

 

|

‘

 

ing wounds and misery In all its Protean

We live, however, in an exceptional
time. All rules have been called in, and
precedent sits silent and neglected with
a drooping head. Though W1LL1AM JEN-
NiNGs Bryan should demand another
banquet of disaster, it does not follow
that THropore Rooseverr will clamor
for a prolongation of his present splen-
dor. Likewise or contrariwise--accord-
ing to the taste and fancy of the indi-
vidual--nothing that Bryan or any other
person, thing or animal may do need
throw the very faintest light upon the
probabilities of ROOSEVELT.

 

A Prophet of “ My Policies.”

Jn an article entitled “The President's
Policies” in the current number of the
North American Review Mr. GEORGE
GrRIswoLp Hitt; a Washington corre-
spondent, assumes to speak for Mr.
Rooskver in regard to his future activi-
ties while President, and particularly in
regard to the subjecta he will treat in his
message to Congress in December.

If Mr. Hit, is not inspired, and if Mr.
RoosevELT hus not read the proofs of
his article, he is taking a wanton liberty
with the Administration aud is rushing
headlong in where a Riis would fear to
tread. Does the country care to know
what Mr. ROOSEVELT intends to make
“one of the chief issues of the next ses-
sion of Congress”? If so, it can learn
from Mr. Hut that overcapitalization.of
the railroads is that issue, and that the
President will deal with, it “in bis next
annual message.” It is also intimated
that between now and December he will
prepare the people in a series of public
addresses for the legislation which he
desires to have placed upon the Federal
statute book. Other great issues which
the President will take up are the income
tax and a graduated inheritance tax,
concerning which Mr. Hil. ismost spe-
cific, as follows:

“ 4 discussion of these forms of taxation, coupled
with an earnest recommendation of legislative
action, will constitute one of the striking aud force-
ful features of the President's neat annual mee-
sage.”

Concerning tariff revision, another
great issue, Mr. Hitt explains that the
President is “widely misunderstood,”
and but for “the determined opposition”
of the Speaker of the House, the Hon,
JosePH G. CANNON, he would have taken
a determined stand himself ere this,
The message will be silent as to this
issue, but revisionists may take courage,
for Mr. RoosEVALT “will exert his influ-
ence to commit irrevocably the Repub-
lican party in its next national platform
to the programme of summoning Con-
gress in special session to revise the
tariff immediately after March 4, 1909.”

Will Mr. RoossvELT himself call Con-
gress in extra session after March 4, 1909”
Mr. Hut. answers for him that “under
no circumstances” avill he “sueceed him-
self,” and reports him as dismissing
“with vehemence” the conviction of his
friends that he will be renominated
unanimously and will have to accept.
Far from thinking of it he is even deter-
mined not to name his successor, but will
“exert his influence to prevent the nomi-
nation of any Presidential candidate
unfitted by sympathy and conviction to
carry on the work where he leaves off.”

‘There is such an air of authority about
these forecasts and assurances, such a
cocksure way of putting them, that if
they were not inspired and authorized
and conned and approved in the proof
sheets there has been some misunder-
standing between the President and the
daring prophet, and we tremble for the
summer calm of Oyster Bay

 

 

Augustus Saint Gaudens.

The man and artist in AUGUSTUS Saint
GAUDENS were 80 admirably welded that
the too frequent dissonance—an astound-
ing paradox to laymen—between the art
and the human who fashions it never
once sounded during his lifetime, crowded
with felicity and works. Not even the
mingled blood of Irish and French will
account for this unusual fag.” Not that
artists are usually wicked persons. Not
that artista in private life are mediocre
persons. But the harmonious combina-
tion that was observed in the case of
Saunt GAUDENS is rare. He was a great
sculptor and he was a normal man, His
virility led him into no extravagant or
exotic experimentings with his art. Sane
and essentially noble, this art was the
outcome of a sane and essentially noble
nature, Of SaIntT GAUDENS we may say
that the art is the man.

Born in Dublin nearly threescore
years ago, his mother Lrish, his father
hailing from the south of France, it
needs no wire edged, psychology to see
in him the Latin love of form and Celtic
imagination, But he was an American.
No native born sculptor has ever caught
up with such sympathetic vision and
plastic power of presentation the. types
of American character. Character above
all was the object of Satnt GAUDENS'S
untiring pursuit, Whether in the sailor
admiral that was FARRAGUT, the patriot
that was LINCOLN, the soldier SHERMAN,
or the philanthropist Cooper, this sculp-
tor envisaged them all and with the
unerring strokes of his chisel set them
before us, not mere simulacra in stone
or bronze, but the very quintessence
of their widely dissimilar souls. He
achieved in his productions that miracle

the evocation by means of form of the
body and spirit of his subject. The monu-
mental grandeur of the Sherman statue,
the magnificent harse, ite rider mas-
terfully controlling its fierce forward
thrusts, are but the externals of a man
of penetrating observation and plastic
genius; it is rather the profounder
spiritual meanings of his conception that
set Saint GAUDENS apart from his con-
temporaries. The man he portrayed
had said that “war is hell”; he is the
warrior astride a warlik: brute; no
belching batteries could quail bis cour-
age. VerRocHIO’s Colleone at Venice
shows usa panoplied knight ahorse; the
Gattamelata of DONATELLO at Padua is
atill the matchless equestrian statue,
Yet. our American sculptor has infused
a subtle spirit into this Sherman that it
would be vain to !ook for elsewhere.
War and Peace, and, again, Peace, are

=”

aqme cS i

a

|

 

there; Victory, that aerial messenger with
ecstatic gaze and catrying the palms, is
not treated as a conventional symbol,
She is the /eit motiv of a composition that
has few equals in structural grandeur.

The Farragut statue—ita low relief
figures in the base--surely allegory has
been seldom embodied with such an
exquisite touch—shows the same infal-
lible mastery of character. Whether it
be the Shaw memorial in Boston or the
Linooln statue in Chicago, Saint Gav-
DENS never fuils to disengage the heart
of his theme. Lincotn for a sculptor
is most unpromising. Consider how he
is handled by this artist. No attempt is
made to attenuate the homelineas of the
man; nor is he posed as a melodramatic
martyr. Dignity is the keynote, dignity
and a veiled power. It is indeed the
Father of his times and country, an indi-
vidual and a type. -

Individuality is the essence of Saint
GavupDENs. A student at Paris, after a
laborious apprenticeship in New York
as a cameo cutter (he came to America
when-a child), a pupil of Jourrrox and
an associate of Mexcif#, FaLGuLeRE and
Saint MARCEAU, he imbibed the lessons
of classic French sculptural art; avoiding
the attempts at academic recrudescence
of the Greek, SAINT GAUDENS'S art stems
from the Renaissance. He is nearer in
spirit. to DonaTELLO than Puipias. He
first searches for character and he is
versatile in its portrayment. The larger
simplicity and poignant emotion of
“Grief,” that maytuary statue in the Rock
Creek Cemetery, Washington, betray the
modern artist; the grief imprinted upon
the woman's countenance is immitigable;
it ia not classic woe, nor is it paroxysmal.
It holds the horror of hopelessness in
every lineament, and in every fold of the
garb there is despair. You involuntarily
recall Beethoven -the Beethoven of the
Funeral March,

The obverse of Satnr Gaupuns’s gilt
was serene and sunny. His low relief
portraits of RoBERT LOUIS STEVENSON,
of the Butler children, are as charming
as DONATELLO. A master in suggestion
he was in this extremely difficult depart-
ment of sculpture, so beloved by the
artists of the Renaissance, The Steyen-
son head, with its delicate contours, the
familiar pose, cigarette bet ween two lean
artistic fingers, are indicated with a eur-
prising verisimilitude. Those marvellous
and almost microscopic indentations,
those tender inflections of the metal,
surfaces so airily dwelt upon, reveal
the extraordinary and sensitive skill of
Satnt GaupDENS. A miniaturist and a
builder of the mighty architectonics of
the Sherman, a sculptor and a psycholo-
gist ~who has résuméd, as he has in his
Deacon Chapin, all New England’~—he
ranks with the noblest practitioners of
his art; there emanates fgom his marbles
amagnetism that proclaims him genius.

Let us add, an American genius, in the
widest sense of the phrase.

 

For the American Composer.

FRANZ KALTENBORN, conductor of
certain summernightsa orchestral con-
certs, is striving to deserve well of his
fellow citizens by giving the American
composer opportunities to be heard.
For such opportunities the native writer
of music is continually clamoring, but
there is abundant room for, doubt that
they accomplish much for him. The
fact is that we have not yet a musical
public of sufficient independence and
knowledge to pass verdicta upon musi-
cal compositions which must dispense
with the aid of the foreign trade mark
or the interpretative charm of some
famous artist and stand on their own
merits. .

The American composer discerns this
condition, but he is naturally at a loss to
know how it can be bettered. Perhaps
the solution of the problem may come
with the establishment of the New Thea-
tre. This house is to be devoted to the
production of artistic dramas and operas
without consideration of their money
making powers. It is promised that the
a will there be able to
witness performances of clasaica which
the amusement loving majority will
not pay for. Therefore if GLtcK and
MOoLiERE are to have hearings, why not
the wandering and homeless American
composer?

In Germany any musician may write
an opera with a reasonable hope of get-
ting it performed, and if it chances to
please the connoisseurs of that country
the composer's reputation is made and
his subsequent productions, operatic or
otherwise, are sure of hearings. In this
country a composer mst confine him-
self to instrumental musie or songs, and
in either case his work is heard only by
the limited circle of serious music lovers.
The stage is the gateway to the attention
of the general public, but what American
composer can an opera produced at
either of the New York opera houses”

But in the New Theatre's plans there

should be provision for the performance

of such works. There they should be
brought forward in the ordinary routine
of the house without special procla-
mation and equally without apology.
Whether few or many people would go
to hear them would not signify. The
value of the productions would lie in the
opportunities they would give for the
exercise of native talent and for the
encouragement they would afford to
artistic workers who now have to seek
openings in the theatres of Europe,
Doubtless many dull and depressing
works would be brought forward, but
that is the case in Europe now. We sit.
calmly at home and let Europe do our
winnowing for us. Until we are ready
to do it for ourselves, to exercise our
own independent taste and judgment,
we shall not be an artistic world power
and our creative artists will languish
for want of home sympathy and under-
standing. If the New Theatre should in
the course of its first five years disclose
a single American work of solid merit it
would more then justify ita exiatence.

 

Rhode Island Poets,

Khode Island has been treating her-
self to an Old Home Week. The strang-
est thing about it is the apparent revival
and reappearance of the spirits of BLoop-
Goon CUTTER, the Sweet Singer of Mich-
igan, and the ever lamented CooGLEr
of Columbia, 8S. C. Under new names,

—$_$_ TT

——$— ——____ —

under many names, all are warbling ip

the Providence Butletin. List, oh, list:
“Ohi List to the call of the Old Home Week
committee

As the bell on the prize poster is rung,
And take heed unto, for it would be @ great pity
If it would strike om ears that are dumb.”
That pretends to come from “Pau-
tucket.” Of course, there is no such
place. From Narragansett Pier, and
sweeter than any murmur of “wavelets”
that break, break, break there-—sure,
poetry is catching~-these lovely lines
are supposed to have been sent:
“Jingle, jingle, jangle
In Roger Williame land;
Listen to the celebration,
On shore aud on the strand,
“The tcklers and the confetti
All om the streets are epread,
And during the life and bustle
The Gags futier up over our head,
~" But our thoughts go backwarde
To many generations ego
When Plucky Ro@mn Witttame
Trudged through the marshes aud (he suuw.
“ Amd let us not forget—-
In the jubilee of thie week
That our sone end daughters
Possess » better streak.”

Where is Boston now? Nay, where is
Indiana? Even our Byron ELMORE must
hear these laurels rustle. To Providence
Plantations a rapt hymn is addressed:

“ Friesds grasp my bend ip thelr Joy at our meeting,
Filled with emotion my features grow pale.
Home of my childhood, to thee I give greeting:
Mall to thee, Providence; Mall to thee! Hath!”

The noblest poem of them all, how-
ever, dedicates itself “To an Absent One”:

“Many a beatt is wrung ta anguish
To think they have to stay far away,
Some tn the Went and foreign parte
Where they have gone for years astray.
“But if you come back for Old Home Week or not,
KHemember we think of thee
And the pratile of thy childhood,
‘Though you are fat across the sea.
“Aud maybe neat year when we have the show,
‘Then will be the time and date
When Uncle Fran will be able to send the vulgar
dough
So as you can come and jubilate.” »

We could hope, we do hope, that
Rhode Islarti Home Week has “opened”
better and more profitable things than
clams and “wine”; that a new wellhead
of poesy has been tapped; that the great
traditions of the Homespun School of
American poets have been quickened.
We fear, however, that all these poems
are the work of one bard, a supreme
genius and employed on salary in the
Bulletin or Providence Journal thought
boudoirs. In other words, the manifes-
tation of poetical spooks is thrilling, but
is it genuine?

 

Govervor GLENN is a candidate for an oMce,
~~ Ashevitle Gasette-News.

What office? Senator of the United States
from North Carolina?

 

In Le Gauloisfor July 19M. Avcipe Eeray,
late Cousul-General of France in New York,
makes public the reasons for his with-
drawal from the diplomatic service. It ia
gratifying to learn that these are related
solely with the politica of his country, his
disagreement with the policy of the Foreign
Ministers and particularly the awkward posi-
tion in which any representative of France
is placed through the anti-Catholic measures
adopted by M, CLEMENCEAD’s Government.

 

A Judge with auch a massive front name
as Kenksaw MounNTAIN could not be ex-
pected to take small change from the Stand-
ard Oil Company.

LT

AT THE SODA WATER FOUNTAIN.

Danger Lurks in the Giass That Is Rinsed
in the Unrepientshed Tank

To vHR Epiror or THe Sen-Sir; If
cleagliness is indeed next to godliness, as
Joho Wesley said in one of his sermons, then
the soda water business in (his city must be
an wngodly trade. | like soda water. I
don't like paatiness. In New York it is diMmfi-
cult to get the first without the second.

At not one soda water fountain in a bun-
dred are the glasses properly cleansed after
being used. The attendants at these foun-
tains dip the glasses into cold water, give
them a twirl and fill them up again for the
next customers, I have not the slightest

doubt that diseases are spread continually
in this way—spread, in many instances, by
drug store clerks who should know better.
In one big de tment store in Sixth avenue
i heard a lady ask the woman attendant at
the soda water fountain tv please wash the
glass before serving her. “Indeed, | will
not!” said the attendant with a toss of her
head.
the faci

 

hey never will. They have not
ities to do so.

There ia a big profit in soda water; .why
not use @ tiny = of it in providing proper
facilities for d apensing it decently and in
en ordinarily clean way’? Some of the marbie
soda water fountains cost many hundreds of
dollars and look very beautiful, but behind
the counters or under them are ty zine
lined tanks of water in which hundreds of

lasses are dipped in a pretence of rinsing
them. it agusting, and it is high time
that the all powerful Board of Health looked
into the matter and corrected the evil.

New York, August 2. cc

 

Financial Report for the Old Homers.

To Tas Epirork or THe S7N—Sir’ Street fakers
in this overgrown village are bemoaning the fact
that during old home week they are losing money.
The answer Isecasy. Though they have thousands
of buttons bearing portraits of George Wasbing-
ton and the Exalted Personage of Oyster Ray, not
one could | Gad to-day who had a mintature of "Warm
Chariey, our second In command.” Several even
professed ignorance of the identity of the Good
Mixer. Is Bim the Button Man tn fault, or what
bas gone awry? G, Norrie,

Bosren, August 3.

 

His Undoing.
To find a more ingenious chap
You'd have to search the town,
Why, he could set the stovepipes up
As fast as they fell down!
Among the minor stunts he did,
All with the utmost case,
To mention only Just a few,
His friends remember these:

He mended all the faucets
For several blocks around
He fixed the bells and buzzers
When they refused to sound;
He regulated watches and be
Tlakered up the clocks;
Ne soldered leaking coffee pots
And set to, rights the locks,

The bleycles he doctored,
From broken back to zim,
To start a balky motor car
Was only play for him;
But one day his wife's eggbeater
Wont badly out of whack--
They wok him to a bughouse
And be never has come back.

~

 

The Semmit of Literary Ambition,
For bindings of leather
i hanker not greatly,
Nor yearn for admittance
‘To magazines stately.

| ask not my writing
To Inger with sages,
Nor seek for fair maldeus
‘To pore through the pages.

\ goal | am wishing
Where fame is not bollow,

And stubby forefingers
The sentences follow.

I'd feel ike a monarch,
A prince and a leader,
Could tbe adorning
MeGuffey's Fifth Reader

Mc LaNpeuaon \Vuson,

i

| Ing or that the greater part of tis doc’

genre —

huv és

THE SIXTY-FIVE MODERN ERRORS

Fun Text of the Catalogue of Heresies
_Deplered and Condenmed in the Latest
Deeree of the Ely Reman Inquisition.

Romy, July 24.—The following is a careful
English translation of the syllabus from the
original Latin text:

Ducnes ov tay Hort Roman anp UNIVER-
8a. InQquisItION, Waonmevay, JULY 8, 1907.

With truly lamentable resuits our age, in-
tolerant of all check in its investigations of
the ultimate causes of things, not infre-
quently follows what is new in such @ way
as to raject the legacy, as it were, of the
human rece and thus fall into the most griev-
ous errors, These errors will be all the more
pernicious when they affect disciplines, the
interpretation of the Sacred Soripture, the
principal mysteries of the faith. It is to be
greatly deplored that among Catholics also
uot a few writers are to be found who, cross-
ing the ndaries fred by the fathers and
by the Church hereelf, seek out, on the plea
of higher intelligence and in the name of his-
torical considerations, that progress of dog-
maa which is in reality the corruption of the
same.

But lest errors of thie kind, whiob are being
daily spread among the faithful, should strike
root in their minds and corrupt the purity of
the faith, it has pleased his Holiness Pius X.,
by divine Providence Pope, that the chief
among them should be noted and condemaed
through the office of the Holy Roman and
Untvereal Inquisition. Wherefore after a most
diligent investigation, and after having heard
the vote (opinion) of the reverend consuitors,
the most eminent and reverend Lords Car-
dinals, the general inquisitors in matters of
faith and morals, decided that the following
propositions were to be condemned and pro-
scribed, as they are by this general decree
condemned and proscribed:

1, The ecclesiastical jaw which prescribes that
books regarding the Divine Scriptures are 6ub-
Ject to previows censorship does not eatené to
critical scholars of students of the scientific exze-
cesis of the Old and New Testaments.

2. The Church's interpretation of the Sacred
Books Is out intended to be despised, but It le eub-
ject to the more accurate judgment and to the
correction of the emegetes.

3. From the ecclestastical judgments avd cen-
sures passed against free and more acientifc eze-
gests, 1t may be gathered that the faith proposed
by the Church contradicts Ulstory and that the
Catholic dogmas canrot really be reconciled with
the true origins of the Christian religion.

4. The magtsterium of the Church cannot, even
through dogmatic definitions, establish the genuine
pense of (he Sacred Scriptures.

5. Since tn the deposit of the faith only revealed
truths are contained, under no respect does It ap-
pertain to the Church to pass judgment concerna-
ing the assertions of human aciences.

6. In defining truths the Church learning abd the
Church feachiag collaborate im such @ Manner thas
it onty rematns for (we Church teaching to sanction
the opiaton of the Church learning.

7. The Church when tt prescribes errors cannot
exact from the faithful apy foternal assent by
which the judgmentaissued by herare embraced.

%. Those who treatas of no weight the condemna-
tious passed by the Sacred Congregation of the
index or by other Roman congregations are free
from all blame.

@. Those who believe that God is really the autbor
of the Sacred Scripwre display execssive simplicity
or ignorance.

10, ‘The inspiration of the books of the Old Testa-
ment consists in the fact that the Israelite writers
bave handed down religious doctrines under a
pecullar aspect, either little or mot at all known to
the Gentiles.

il. Divine Inspiration te pot to be extended to
the whole Sacred Scripture eo a8 to render its parts,
all and single, immune from all error, ~

12, The exegeto if be wishes to apply bimacit
usefully to Biblical studies must frat of ali put
aside all preconceived opinions concerning the
supernatural origin of the Sacred Scripture and
interpret it not differentiy from otber merely human
docuinents,

13. The evangelists themselves and the Chris-
tlans of the second and third generations erranged
artificially the evangelical parables, and in this
way gave an explanation of the scanty frul®of the
preaching of Christ among the Jews.

l4, In @ great many accounts the evangelists
reported not so much things that ate true as things
which even though false they judged to be mote
profitable for their readers.

15. The Gospels until the time when the capon
was defined and constituted were ifcreased by
addiuions and corrections, hence only a faint and
uncertain trace remained in them of the doctrine
of Christ.

16. The narrations of Jobo are not properly bis-
tory, but the mystical contemplative of the Gospel;
the discourses contained in his Gospel are theo.
logical meditations, devold of bistoricMt truth con-
cerning the mystery of salvation,

17, ‘The Fourth Gospel exaggerated miracies not
ovly that the wonderful might stand out but alse
that they might become more suitable for signifying
the work and the glory of the Word lacarnate.

18, John claims for himself the quality of a wit-
nesa concerning Christ, but In reality he ts only a
distinguished witness of the Obristian life, or of the
Ife of Christ in the Church, at the close of the Ort
century.

19, Heterodox exegetes have expressed the true
sense of the Scriptures more faithfully than Catbolle
exegetes,

%, Revelation could be nothing but the con-
sciousness acquired by man of his relation with

 

21, Revelation, constituting the object of Catho-
lic faith, was not completed with the Aposth s.

22. The dogmas which the Church gives out as
revealed are not truths which have fallea down
from Heaven, but are an Interpretation of religious
facts, which the human mind has acquired by
laborious efforts,

23. Opposition may and actually does exist be-
tween the facts which are narrated in Scripture
and the dogmas of the Church which rest on them,
wo that the crite may reject as false facts which
the Church holds as most certain.

24. The exegete ts not to be blamed for construct -
ing ~premises from which it follows that the dogmas
are historically false or doubtful, provided be does
pot directly deny the dogmas themselves,

25. The assent of faith resis ultimately om a mass
of probabilities.

2. The do@mas of faith are to be beld only ac-
cording to their practical sense; that ts, as precep-
tive rules of conduct, Dut not as rules of believing.

27. The Divinity of Jesus Christ ts not proved
from the Cospels, but_Is a dogma which the
Christian conscience haf derived from the netion
of the Messtah.

8, Jesus while Me was exercising His ministry
did not speak with the objert of teaching that He
wasthe Messiah, ner did bistmiracies tend to prove
this,

20. 1th lawful to belleve that the Christ of history
is fer inferior to the Christ who ts an object of faith,

0. In all the evangelical texts the name Sen of
God ts equtvalent only to Messiah, and does not at
all mean that Christ ts the true end natural Son of
God,

3). The doctrine concerning Christ taught by
Paul, Jonn, the Counelis of Nees, Fphesus and
Cheleedon is not that which Jesus taught, bet
that which the Christian covsclence concetved con.
cerning Jesus.

a2, 18 ts mot possible to reconcile the natural
sense of the Cospel texte with the sense taught by
our theologians concerning the conscience and the
tofallible knowledge of Jesus Christ.

33, 1 Is evident to everybody who fs not led by
preconcetved opinton that either Jesus profensed
aa error concerning the Immediate Messlante com-
fhe as con
tained In the Gospels ts destitute of authentictiy.

94, The critic cannot ascribe to Christ a know!-
edge ciroumseribed by bo mits except on a hy-
pothesis which cannot be historically conceived and
which is repugnant to the moral! sense, viz.; that
Christ as man had the knowledge of God and yet
was unwilling to communicate the knowledge of
a great many things to His disciples and to postority.

356. Christ had not always the conscjpusness of
His Messianic dignity.

36. The Resurrection of the Saviour Is not prop -
erly @ fact of the historical order, but a fact of
merely supernatural order, neither demonstrated
nor demonstrable, which the Christian conscience
gradually derived from other facts.

37. Faith In the Resurrection ef Christ was in
the beginning not so much in the fact itself of the
Resurrection as in the immertai life of Christ with
God.

38. The doctrine of the explatory death of Chrint
1s not evangelical Dut Pauline.

38. The opinions concerning the origin of the
sacraments with which the Fathers of Trent were
imbued and which certainly Influenced their dog
matic canons are very different from those which
now rightly obtain among historians who examine
into Christianity.

#. The sacraments had their origin in the fact
that the Aposties and their successors, ewayed and
moved by circumstances and events, Interpreted
some idea or tatention of Christ.

41."The sacraments are merely Intended to bring
before the mind of man the ever beneficent pres
ence of the Creator.

42. The Christian community Imposed the neces.
sity of baptinm, adopting It as a mecesmry rite,

oe ss I Se

and adding to it the obligations of the Christian
profession.

48, The practice of conferring baptism on infants
was « disciplinary evolution, which was one of
the causes why the sacrament was divided into
two, viz.: baptiem and penance,

#4, There is nothing to prove that the rite of
the sacrament of confirmation was employed by
the Apostles, but the formal distinction of the
two sacraments, baptism and confirmation, does
Bet belong to the history of primitive Cartstianity.

45, Not everything that Paul narrates Toacerning
the institution of the Fucharist () Cor, al., 23 2
ie to be takem bistorivaliy.

4. in the primitive Chureb the conception of
fhe Christian siamer reconciled by the authority
of the Church did mot exist, but it was only very
slowly that the Church accustomed itself to this
conception, Fven after penance was recognired
06 op lwatitution of the Church it was not called
& sacrament, for it would have been held an
lgnominious sacrament,

«7, The sof the Lord: Recelve ve the Holy
Ghoat: w sian ye shall forgive they are forgiven
them, and whose sins yo shall retain they are re-
tained (Jobn gx., 22, 28), do not at all refer to the
sacrament of penance, whatever the Fathers of
Tremtmay have been pleased to say.

48, James in the Fpistie (v,. 14 and 15), did not
iatend to promulgate a sacrament of Christ, but
to condemn a plous custom, and if in this custom
be happens to distinguish a means of grace it Is
mot in that rigorous manner in which It was received
by the theologians who Iald down the notion aad
the Bumber of the sacraments.

@, The Christian Supper gradualiy assuming
the gature of a liturgical action, those who were

preside at the Supper acquired the sacer. |

oharacter.

60, The elders who Miled the office of watching
over the gatherings of the faithful were instituted
by the Aposties as priests or Bishops to provide
for the necessary ordering of the increasing com-
munities, not properly fer perpetuating the Apos-
tollo mission and power.

61. It is pot possible that matrimony could have
become a sacrament by the new law until later in
the Churebd, for in order that matrimony should
be held as a sacrament it was necessary that a full
theological development of the dovtrine of grace
and the sacraments should Ort take place.

62. It was foreign to the mind of Christ to found
a Church as a society which was to last om the
earth for a long course of centuries; nay, in the mind
of Curtat the Kingdom of Heaven together with the
end of the world was about to come immediately.

63. The organic constitution of the Church fs pot
immutable, Dut Obristien society ike human so-
clety is subject to perpetual evolution.

54. Dégmas, sacratments, hierarchy, both as re-
ards tbe notion of them and the reality, are but
interpretations and evolutions of the Obristisn
intelligence which by external increments have in-
oreaned and perfected the little germ latent im the

65. Sitaom Peter mever even suspected that the
— of the Church was intrusted to him by
Christ.

4. The Romana Church became the head of all
the cburches not through the ordinance of divine
Providence but merely through political comditions,

87. The Church has shown herself to be hostile
to the progress of natural aad theological sciences.

68. Truth is not aay more immutable than man
himself, since it is Involved ta him, with bim and
through bim.

69. Christ did not teach « determinate body of
doctrine applicable to all times and toall mon, but
rather inaugurated a religious movement adapted
or to be adapted for diferent times and places.

@. Christian doctrine im ite origin was Judaic,
but through successive evolutions became fires
Pauliue, then Joannine, and Sually Hellenic and
Universal.

G1. It may be said without paradox that there is
no chapter of Soripture, from the frst of Genesis
to the last of the Apocalypse, which contains «
doctrine absolutely idestioal with that which the
Ohurch teaches on the same matter, and that there -
fore no chapter of Scripture hae the same sense for
the critio and the theologian.

62. The chief articles of the Apostolic symbol
had not for the Christians of the Orst ages the same
sense that they have for theChristians of our time.

. TheChurch shows herself usequal to the task
of efficactously maintaining evangelical ethics
because she obstinately adheres to immutable
doctrines which cannot be reconolied with modern
progress.

64, The progress of solenoe requireaa remodelling
of the conceptions of Christian doctrine concerning
God, creation, revelation, the Person of the Incar-
nate Word, redemption.

65. Modern Catholicism cannot be reconciled with
true science unless it be transformed into a ngn-
dogmatio Christianity; that is, into a broad and
liberal Protestantiom.

And on the following Thursday, the fourth
day of the same month, an accurate report
of all this having been made to our Most Holy
Lord Pope Pius X., his Holiness approved
and confirmed the decree of the must Emi-
nent Fathers, and ordered that the proposi-
tione above enumerated, all and several, be
held by ail as condemned aud proscribed.

PRTen PaLoMBELLI,
Notary of the H. R. U. 1.

This syllabus has not so far excited con-
siderable comment. It was remarked that
the decree was signed only by the, Notary
of the Holy Office, unlike the last syllabus
of Pius IX., which was published in 1864,
together with an encyclical letter known as
“Quanta Cura.” Canonically the difference
between the two documents is one of form
only. The Osservatore Romano, the official
organ of the Vatican, in an article published
recently entitled “Faith and. Modern Sci-
ence!” does not analyze the propositions
condemned by the syllabus, but attacks in
genera! terms the so-called modernists.
In the course of centuries, it says, human
science, backed by pride and vanity, has
dared to lift ite tongue more than once up
to the Throne of God and of the Church,
almost claiming an explanation of divine
mysteries, of the consistency of revelation,
of the legitimacy and entity of the apostolic

' function of Peter, and of the doctrines di-

|

     

vinely taught, and seeking an annulment
or a modification of the dogmas and dis-
ciplines of the Church. Every century had
a heresy, and the Church to every assault
offered resistance and registered in the
pages of history as many triumphs as she
had battles. Dogma has neves been
shaken. An institution that has never
changed its doctrines and its teachings can-
not be called old, The perpetuity and the
immobility of her magisterium prove her
eternal youth, The modern reformist
movement has justly appeared to the Pope
and hie advisers as a new form of old bere-
sies. In each of the propositions con-
demned one can see that modernism has no
excuse and that it is a hypocritical attempt
at reform undertaken in an underband way,
an attack against the fundamental author-
ity of the Church, The article of the Osser-
vatore Romano was evidently not inspired
by the Vatioan, but probably due to the
pen of a writer who is accustomed more to
polemics than to Biblical studies and the
interpretation of modern errors.

A noteworthy feature of the present
syllabus is its clearness, Errors are con-
demned, but they are not attacked in such
a way as to provoke disoussion, criticism
or comment. I¢ is within the power of the
Pope to condemn errors, and he bas exer-
cised tha payer. Several debated points
have been settied, suc’; for instance, @*hat
the interpretation of the Bible is not a
purely scientific matter, but one exclu-
sively belonging to the Church, Whatever
comments will be made on the syllabus of
Pius X., nobody oan deny that it contains
nothing which does not refer exclusively to
the Church, and that therefore it is alto-
gether a religious document, such as one
expects from an eminently religious Pope.

Animal Intelligence in Massachasetta.
From the venerable and conservative Newburyport
Herald,

John Taibut of Rock Knolls enjoys the distine-
tion of having & tratwed hen that will jump over
his clasped hands, even If held quite high from the
ground, Uncle John trained the hen himself.

A cat Is owned by a Byficid man that will eat
raw gteen core, and will even strip down the buaks
tn the feld ta an effort to get the corn.

impregnable.
Katcher Is this safe burglar proof’
Necker Yes: it ts equipped with a patent car
window device,

Thé Point of View.
‘The biggest fishes get away.
At least that's what the anglers na).
it mayn't be so and yet it may
Ne dowlet the fiahes feel that way,
408 CONa.

 

 

 

 

  
   
    
 
   
 
 
 
     
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
  

Court of Appeals in the case of the People,

420), in which the court declared sooieties for
the prevention of cruelty to children to be

the Police Department.”

   

 

CHURCH AND STATE.

To tHe Eprron or Tue SuN--Sir’ Mr
Albert Gallatin is unquestionably right in
holding that religious belief has done muci:
to sustain the existing order of society
Even where the belief was neither very
definite nor habitually present to the minc,
it has kept up a general impression that t).
existing order was providential and tha:
there. would be a recompense hereafte:
for those who suffered here, If it departs,
the demonstrations of political economy
will hardly supply its room, On the other
hand, it is impossible to assent to Mr. Albert
Gallatin’s apparent suggestion that the
State should intervene in support of re-
ligious belief, though the Japanese Gov-
ernment seems to have entertained some
project of the kind when it sent abroad fo,
specimens of religion. Napoleon said tha:
France wanted a religion and he gave |r
one; with what result we see.

Physical acience, having burst ite fetters
has made vast advances. and almost en-
grossed our faith, while spiritual inquiry
has been manacied by traditional dogma
and Church teste. Enforced belief in the
miraculous and in Athanasian theosophy
have perhaps been less injurious than dogma
which conflicted with ethical fact, such es
the doctrine of the fall of man. In perfec:
freedom of reverent inquiry is our hope.

GoLpWIn Sait.

A GREAT WORK OF CHARITY.

How the Society fer the Prevention of Cru-
eity to Children Serves the Commanity.
To tus EpirorR oy Tus Stn—Sir: In Tas

Sun of August 8 reference is made to a state-

ment by City Magistrate Butte that the So-

clety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil-
dren ie operating under an unconstitutional
statute. The answer to that allegation is
found in numerous Supreme Court and Court
of Appeals decisions, notably that of the

 

 

 

&c., ex rel, the State Board of Charities vs.
the New York Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty td Children (161 N, ¥. 283; 162 N, Y.

“aub-governmental agencies, branches of the
District Attorney's office, the courts and

Respecting the collection by the society
of payments toward the support of children
com by the courte to institutions
Oy the ‘commant ug Justices. ok pare rente |
tt ir abill

an
only after due inquiry as to th ity to
pey. orders are made under section
1, Code of Criminal Procedure. A failure
to comply wee such order is a violation of
n of the Penal Code. These collec-

. a are made py the societ ot the jooet
Comptro! of the City of New York.

All such funds are transm teed to the Comp-

|
troller, the amount during 1906 being $31,-
570.75. During the twenty-two were that
the has been in o; tion the amount
ieee — res . Because ' =

roper gu a no reason W
should not pay toward the proper care ‘ot

their children en the State undertakes
to do a parental duty. In cases of destitute
paren’ o such orders are e.

The t before the

oGuire case was broug
court under these conditions: The mother
wy tolen weg custody Ld ~ Police. areca
oy, after having been found sleep-
ing in sellare with her two ciris '
, the er 6 years. he
ome, and did not strive to make
If. She informed the Court that
r hus and relatives would look afier
tion made at the request of
alsh showed that there was no
one to care for the woman or her children,
and that she was wholly an improper guar-
dian, and not able indeed roperly, to care
for A justice of the Children's
Court the children fn an_excellen!
institution of their own religious faith, he-
Id tter off under

lieving that they wou
au So aditions moa, seeping in cellars with
an T momperete mother. ‘ i
ere no “non-support” proceedinc:
i ted against Mrs. WeBuire, nor would
tl gainst any homeless man or woman
society heard nothing of
the woman since her discharge. The children
are bg. properly ca for, and the com
munity ld be thankful that there ts «
sub-goverhmental agency whose quiet work
in the worst spots of the city results tn the
annual rescue of 06,990 children. For the care
of these, pending disposition by the courts,
the society receives no compensation what

ever.

It is due to the work of the society tha‘
the subject be at least fairly presented to
your readers. E. FRLLOWa JENKINS

com and Superintendent. of the So

o
Cc

, one
poor crea-

ety tor the Prevention of Cruelty to
hildren.
New York, August 3. @

 

Honorable Amends to Mr. Bowen.

To THe Epiror or Tae Stn—Sir: Refer-
ring to the letter of Mr. Herbert W. Bowen
in Tus Sun of to-day, I regret that in my
previous letter I should bave misrepresented
his position in settling the Venezuelan claims
of the non-blockading Powers. When in
Caracas some time ago I received that infor
mation from what I considered very excel-
lent authority, but as Mr. Bowen certainly
knows the facts I am quite willing to accept
his statement. No doubt the treachery of the
subordinate in the State Department, men-
tioned in Mr. Bowen's letter, helped to con-
fuse the real situation.

However, my statement regarding Mr
Bowen had nothing to do with the real points
at issue, which were:

1. That our State Department had refused
to abide by the decision of an international
arbitrator in a case where an American com-
pany was awarded only 2 per cent. of its
original claim.

2. That if thie policy is permanently adopt e«
international arbitration can be considered
final only when the decision is satisfactory to
the stronger nation. Puivie W. Henny.

New York, August 2.

 

A Proposal for the Exclusion of the Degenerate
Im migrant.

To Tae EvIToR oF THE SUN—Sir: Discussion of
the question of restricting immigration is idle be
cause immigrat@n has been so large a factor In our
wonderful growth and develépment. Restriction
would be most decidedly against the policy ani
welfare of our country. There is room here for
many millions of additional Immigrants, and w!'))
even an undiminished ratio of growth it may be
centuries before It would be wise to put up the bars

Nevertheless, without the slightest reflection upon
the immigrants from any partifular country, !1 ma
be sald that many crimes of personal violence *'
traceable to residents of foreign birth. Why no!
then, amend our Immigration laws with the aim of
checking and decreasing this condition?

Our present laws debar those who have too |it\'e
money or bealth, The moral character, persons!
history and antecedents of the individual tmmigron'
can certainly not be Investigated after he has once
reached our shores, but how about some system of
inquiry before he satis?

Could not the lnited States frame laws requ:
ing all desiring to immigrate to our country to pre
duce written or other satisfactory evidence [ro
rellable sources In their native country that th
possess good moral character and bave respects!
antecedents?

Such a law would tend to exclude the good (0
nothing, the vagabond and the criminal, all of whon
under existing laws seem to qualify for admission
withog dimculty. Clearly, no foreign coun!
could Jqeasfully question our right to excl:
undesirabie Dynes, The fact that we appear mn
hate quite a number of them suggests the thour!'
that they are dumped upon our shores with |)
exclamation: “Good riddance to bad rubbish.”

New YouK, August 2. ADOLPH OprEeNnni iM! \'

 

Overpaid Austrian Official.
Jnnebruck correspondence Pall Mall Gasei'

That no sum is too small to be taken Into acco"
by the lynx eyed Austrian officials is evident from
an incident reported from Bregenz. The tax of
there bas Just received a formal notice from (ie
High Court of Justice at Innsbruck stating thal «"
investigation of the accounts of the Bregen: ‘"*
oMce for 1906 shows an overpayment of one her!
(one-tenth of a penny) In the salary of one of \\°
oMetals, .

The notice directs that the oMelal be require!
to refund this sum, which must then be duly o"
tered in the State accounts for the current »°
A Vorariberg paper publishes a facaimile of ()'*
interesting document, and gravely expresses ‘0°
hope that the extra heller bas not led the over)"
oMectal into paths of extravagant dissipation.

 

Ticklish Question.

Knicker They are building the Palace of Irn.’
Mra, Kaicker--WIt it have @ kitchen In \(°

 

Vacation Mastic.

\I! have heard the gas jet story
No man yet has sung the lay
Of the phone that keeps on ringing

While the family is away,