AUTOMOBILES.

AAR ee A IPI Peal See trate RAD NAR AARRARA AAR AAW Rene RAR Lane

 

Herein New York City there haveagain been demonstrated
the wonderful hill-climbing powers of

Best of America
A Clean Sweep at Fort George Hill

@ The STEARNS won FIRST in Class A for high.powered
Cars in the remarkable time of 28 1-5 seconds—I2 sece
onds better than its nearest compztitor.

@The STEARNS won Ist, 2nd, 3rd and 4t> in the Touring
and Runabout C ass B, defeating all other Foreign and
American Cars.

q! he STEARNS also made the test time of the day, and
in each e.en: met worthy competitors.

q, At other difficult hill-climbs the STEARNS
has shown its strength.

AT WiLKESBARRE, in June, it won /st and 7nd in the
event for Stock Touring Cars on Gilant’s Despair Hill,
6000 ft. long, with a 70) foot rise,

THEN AT STUCKY HILL, Cteve'and also in June, STEARNS
Stecx Touring Cars made the best time in every event
In which they were entered.

spot for testing

q| ‘ore Georre Hill has alwars heen pointed out as the tdeal
private owners have re-

the possibilities of autewobiles. Agents an
reatedly timed and (ested their vars on ohis ft

The conditions ore tdeol a 10") grade, & of a m

a 5 ) i tle long, with a double
i orve: the car which can win on such a hill is worthy of your recognition.
“hen touring, bills are met and must be sealed. It stands to reason that
he car wbich climbs hills in the best (ime is the ideal car ter touring.
Stearns power ord Stearns construc tion

Stes place 1¢ above every other antoma-
bide asa nibh clin ber and wake possible the best results over rough roads.
Smooth, easy, luxnriows riding, at low or high speed, are Stearns qaalit
Vine 1907 season iy about over, We have (or immediate delivery one Stearns

¢ Pesser@er ‘Vollman) and on August 10+ z .
at ovr salesroons, & h ove Stearns Runabout. Call

Wyckoff,Church &

@.
«

 

Broadway at 56th Street.

cen,

 

**Keep Ycur Eye on Continentals!”

 

PIRES |
Victorious All Over the World |

The great Furopean races of 1607 are bei i

. ) ‘ ng *on, in almcet eve
inatance, by cars with Continental Tires. -

In the wer'd-famous Herkomer cemretiticn for 1907 (a classic |
event and one cf the most severe known to the sport, the road coveiing
over 1 0C0 miles «f mountainous and country roads), the first agven
ears were equipped with Continental Tires
s In the Forstenrieder Park Rave. Kesselburg Hill Climb and the
Race for the Graphio Trophy, Isle of Man, the winning cars in every
case had Continental Tires.

In the Empercr cf Germany Cup Race not less than thirteen of the
leading cars ran on Continental Tires

The Continental is the creat tire of the day.

It has the!
cf any tire in the worid. ne SOON ORNS

CONTINENTAL CAOUTCHOUC COMPANY
J. M. GILBERT, Gen'l Mgr. 43 Warren St., New York City
Uptown Branch, Broadway, cor. 73d Street.

 

AUTOMOBILE NOTES.

F. Le Roy Pelletier, advertising manager for | Word reached Mr. Houpt yesterday that W. C
the Ford Motor Company of Detrott whose pen | Hood. who established the hundred mile record
le : | at Washington on May 30, witha 60 horse power
hes made the name Vord famous wherever the | Thomas, would be on hand at the Bri hton track
rutomobile ls discussed, tnyaded the realm of the | to uphold the standard of the Thomas in a similar
} stern wiseacres last week and distributed among ee ae bee oan preck. pemaes his two big
aa tebe oa ; : S aaa ‘ing cars, which he has nominated for
Je fe v we ms of Information which made them the Alantic bite races, Mr. Houpt will send a |
up and teke notlee, Mr. Pelletier is rated as | Thomas : Oty to the beach to cuimpete in several
ene cf ibe eblest publicity men connected with eve a pecliviid at the wheet, ‘The lat
unre automobile industry. and whe ter ye remember crea bouts as getting away
4 tule callie tee cheat ae when he gets KolD® | with the Brighton cup in the first automobile event |
t mc his strong personality ts seen to the | held at that track. Mcllvrid, a soon as the races |
best advantage. Nor does he depend merely on | are over at Atlante City, will accompany Roberts
the foree of rhetoric to earry hts various points, | pone = hg ees wane, Sart ta the ony four
but briugs into play an array of facts and Ogures | >? o with a Thomas Forty. Gus
: ? ? Guisbard wifl act as mechanician t
“ ' know no denfal. Speaking on the subject F o Roberts tn al}
marketing the product of the Immense Ford
en! tis remarks were not only interesting but

| the latter's races

hed an espectal sigaifeance and may well be di
bested by others striving in the same direction
e tort advertising campaign has been prac
trally @ newspaper one,and that It has been strik

i on Thursday,and Roberts left
| oe for the beach ono

|
|
|
|
|
|
|

eit

 

i While browsing among the literary tufts tn one
of the quaint hostelries whither the steering com
mittee of the Glidden tour had piloted him, the
publicity man of R.M. Owen & Co., who distribute

» thetwosmaliest priced cars--the Reoand Premier —

; that finished the recent 1,600 mile strenuous A. A. A.
tour with perfect scores, gleaned the following:

 

a,

ve of edverttsing medtums for automobiles
‘tr Petletler sald in part: “It ts generally con
d that the Ford Motor Company ts one of

* heaviest advertisers In the automobile business
Sow. @8 8 matter of fact the Ford Motor Company
(Zocnds less mMoncy per annum In advertising than
ao any of its larger competitors
i the twelve months beginning September 1 last

 

OO runabouts and 1,000 sig eylinder cars repre
senting @ cash value of over $7,550,000. Our ad
Usag outlay for this pertod Is tittle over one

talrd
one- hat! that amount of machines, so tt will be
heen that the Ford advert'sing policy peys. The
logic upen which we based our belicf in the dally
newspaper for our particular business ts as follows
We market over 80 per cent. of our product within
the territory whieh is covered by the large datly
and Sunday papers Issued tn the Ofteen principal
eities of the United States. A vast amount of ont
ying territory for which we would have to pay
i) 4 magazine campaign, we would be unable to
handle because of the fact that there are no agents
there tu close the deal after an inquiry has been
received

se beleve that all progressive people and all
Persons who are able to afford an attomobile read
toe large city dailies, The results from our cam

palgn have proved that they do, With a news
Paper campaign one ts able
& they arise which ts absolittely impossible with
® Magazine campaign, For the Wally paper we
can write an advertisement to meet weather, de
lvery and other vita) conditions and publish it the
‘

returns, whereas in a magazine campalgn, when
copy Das wo be written a month ahead of the date
on which the reader will se® tt, it Is the loosest sort
ofa gemble to forecast weather and other condi

tions which have 4 marked eifect on our business.” |

Mr Pelletier’s visit to tke Ford company's New
York house was further distinguished by that
branch reaching the $1,000,000 merk during bis stay,
This represents the total of cight months business,
eading With July, in which month Gaston Plain-
the New York branch manager, sold runabouts
and Ford Sixe€ to the tune of $215,000, All told
uring the eight months just passed Mr Plaintid
has Marketed im Mis territory 1,400 lord four cylin-
arr runapouts and 125 Ford sig cylinder cars.

Probably the greatest endurance test ever at
trrapted by @ driver of racing altomobiles will be
tried by Montague Roberts, the pilot of all the rae
the cars of Hargy S, Houpt, the New York sports-
nan. Mr. Ho * has entered his 115 horse-power
_oomas Vanderbilt cup ear and his 60 horse power
Thomas Speedway Flyer in every event of the com
Ing Atlantle (lay meetin which they areciigible, The
Uaode City races will not be completed tii next
“Wednesday, so Roberts will he competing for hon
oro TI the evening of that day. Ag soon as the At
lantic City races are finished Roberts wil! drive
over the road to New York and immediately get
reacy for the twenty four hour endurance race
be held at Brieh Beach, ia wh event he will
rive alone Mr. Moupt shipped his racing «rr
which are to wake part ta the Atlantic City reé

g uecessful sheds much light on the relative ;

tat of other makers who market less than |

| Jolly him
| him by speaking tll o

| There's no end of fun minding your own business

{ it es other
We witt market | [t mak

| Rubber Company, show that 72 cars in the run

to meet conditions |
| condition to be readily repaired, and 53 of the re

owing day, thereby wetting quick and accurate }

| road

| of others, no matter how smail you may really

| posted in all the commercial houses of Muskogee,

“Hide your litte hammer and try to speak well
know yourself to be. When a stranger drops in
‘Tell him that Muskogee is the greatest
town on earth-and prove it. Don't discourage
your neighbors, and don't
advertise other towns by speaking ill of them

peapre like you. Nobody gets
stuck on a knocker. Join the Commercial Club
and be a Muskogee booster.”

This laconic ¢xcerpt wes fathered by a local wit
of Muskogee, and was so well received by his fellow
townsmen that It was immediately placarded and

 

Oe

From St. Louts to New York via Chicago, Cleve
land and Bufalo in 110 hours ts the latest record
breaking road rformance. With this achieve
ment to his credit M. A. Helmann of St. Louls ar
rived in New York earty this week, driving his Olds
mobile ‘oadster, Mr. Heimann made the same
trip 4 year ago Ip 120 hours, and the return run to
St. Louls via Philadelphia, Pittsburg in 90 hours
On his return trip this summer he ts coniident he
can reduce the reeord to 75 hours.

Naturally one of the items of (os tn the Glidden
tour was for tires, Figures compiled by repre
sentatives, who observed the tour for the Diamond

used a total of 06 tires tn addition to thetr original
equipment between Cleveland and New York. Of
this number 33 cars equippes with Diamond tires
used 14 tires all told, la addition to those on the
wheels at the beginning. The observers estimate
without making minute Inspecuon of tires discarded
for any cause, that all of the Diamond tires are in
maining extra tres used are not beyond repairing
In no case were Diamond tires responsible for a
penalization throughout the tour.

The Hartford Rubber Works Company has just
issued one of the most complete and comprehensive
maps ever got out, The company has
sg vent severa! thousand dollars in compiling this
wap, having retained for that purpose one of the
foremost experts In the country, and this it Is dis
tribusing free to drivers who write forit. The map
covers all territory east of Cleveland aad Pittsburg
and as far north as Torontc, showing the best roads
to and from all points in this terrttory to the Jam
town exposition, The map has been thoroughly
brought up to date,

Three thousand miles tn oventy daysisthe record
touring trip Just completed by D, FE, Levy, a New
York broker. To maintain an average of 150 miles
a day for twenty daystsa notable performance for
a private owner anyne his own car and accom

anied by a party of friends, Mr. Levy travelled
n his Matheson from New York to Chicago by the
way of Albany, Ruffaloand Cleveland and returned
over the same route taken by the Glidden tourtsis
a week before him. Me envountered a great dea!
of stormy weather and found the roads tn wretched
condition.

In the twenty four hour endurance race to be
run at Brighton Beach on Friday end peturdog
neat Frenk Lawwell of Vanderbilt (up fame and |
Harry Knepper will alternate tn driving a 8 horse
power Frayer Miller

» he Mayaes Automobile Company r selves
wee ose perm yer « residen
Queene ana net it of the New \ ork ‘Automobile

u
’ 0. LM. cars wth participate tn the racing at

RADAR DL fn tn

 

record.

   

Limousines
Landaulets
Touring Cars
Runabouts

 

 

 

 

Atlantic Clty next week, Including the racing car ,

bullt to compete for a place on the American team

WHITE WINS
HOWER TROPHY

The White Steam Runabout competing
for this trophy completely outclassed all com-
petitors; and was awarded the trophy after a
faultless trip of 2,089 miles, the longest and
hardest journey, without replacements or
mechanical trouble, of which there is official

At the finish the car was in the

|

in the last Vanderbilt «up race, but not completed |

in time to start tn the elimination trials. The
B. L. M. racing car is reported to be very fast and
it is more than possible that it will turn out a win
ner at Atlantic City. Arthur Moulton will drive it
unless the services of a satisfactory professional
pilot are secured,

BULL AND CAMPBELL WIN.

Heavy Handicap Not Effective in Crescent
A. €. Class A Doubles.

The class A handicap doubles lawn tennis
tournament at the Crescent A, C, has been
completed, Charles M, Bull, Jr, and W.
Alexander M, Campbell, who had the heaviest
handicap, minus 30, being victorious in the
final round over Perry and Henderson,
scratch, Thik was a keen match, taking
five sets to determine, Perry and Henderson
made arunaway of the first (Wo sets, winning
6-1, 6-2, That ended their spurt, however,
for Bull and Campbeu won the three follow-
ing sets in handy style, =

Play in two handicap singles competitions
now is under way, In class A,
and Campbell are in the upper semi-final
bracket, Bull has qualified for the lower
semi-final and will meet the wi
match between Pelzer and Brett,
also are three players in class B who have
reached the semlefinal round, tunt meets
Stoddard to pick the man for the finals in
the lower half,
come of the match
Sears, The summary

Creseent A. C Handloap Doubles, Class A
First round~ Sargent and Rarker, minus half 15
defeated Parkinson and Mitchell, eerateh, 6-1
6 -2; Worcester and Olfver, plus half 15, defeated
Lodewtek and Lembcke, scratch, 6--1, &-6, Bull,
‘r., and Campbril, minus 3, defeated Edmonds
and Hamlin, plus 1%, by default; Affeld and Bull,
Sr., minus half 15. defeated Brigham and Brooks,
minus half 15, + 4, 6-4, 6-3; Tomlin and Holmes

lus 15 defated Atkinson and Sanborn, plus haif

», by default.

Second Round- Perry and Henderson, scratch,
defeated Blatr and Heltcamp, minus !5, 6—4, 4-4,
7~—S: Sargent and Barker, minus half 15, defeated
Worcester and Oliver, play half 15, 7-5, 1.6, 8-6
Bull. Jr., and Campbeld, minus 50, defeated Affeld
and Bull, Sr., minus half 15, 4-6, 6-4, 4-3, Tomitn
and Holmes. plus 15, defeated Fly and Heinigke,
minus half 15, 6-1, 6-3.

Semi-final Round Perry and Henderson, scratch,

Cef-ated Sargent and Barker, minus half 15. 6-2,
6&—4: Bull. Jr. and Campbell, minus 20. defeated
Tomlin and Holmes, plus 15, 6-4, 6. 3
Final Round Bull, Jr. and Campbeil. minus
40, defeated Perry and Henderson, scratch, t-—6
3 . 6-2, 6--4, 4—A,
Class A, Handicap Singles First round- Camp
bell, minus 30, defeated Sargent, minus half 15
6-4, 6-8; Pelzer, minus half 15, defeated Perry
minus 16, 11-0. 1--6, @—a: Brett, scateh, defeated
Martin, minus 50. by defautt,

Second Round--Henderson, minus half 15, de
feated Heltcamp, minus M, 4-6, ®- 6, 4-4, Camp
bell, minus ®, defeated Briehaim, serateh, 6-2,
4-4 Bull, Jr, minus half , defeated Hadsell,
scratch, 44, 8-6, 6-4,

Clase B Mandicay Singles-—Pretiminary round
Whiting, minus half 80, defeated Sheidon, minus 20,
6—8, 6 4%, Potter, scratch, defeated Clinken bronner
serateh, by default; Ketley, scratch, defeated
Eacher, minus half 15, by default

First. Round--Martien, seratch, defeated Diatr,
minae 90, by default; Neale, minus half 90, defeated
Parkinson. minus half 15. 6-3, 8-4: Mitchell, minus
half 5, defeated Sanborn. scratch, 6—4, 6-8; Sears,
minus 15, defeated Whiting, minus half 9, 6-2,
6-4; Kelley, scratch, defeated Potter, soratch,
6—4, 1-6, 6-2, Lunt, scratch, defeated Barnaby,
arratch, #3, 4-2; Stoddard, minus 18, defeated

 

 

between Mitchell and

| Graft, minus 18, 6-2, 6-1; Starr, yotaue half #0,

defeated Semple, plus half 15, 4—?.
ound—Neale, minup half &; .defeated

parties, wernt: “e-}. T4. is a cprenen Acfeated
ey. acraich, » Stoddard, @ yue .
detented Starr, minus bal? 90,6—1,6-—-0.' * *

Henderson |

ier of the
‘There |

Neale is awaiting the out- |

a

 

Packard Motor Car Co. of New

Announces the completion and opening of its new
establishment with enlarged facilities and com-
plete equipment for prompt and efficient service
and ‘solicits your inspection and patronage.

 

PACKARD “30” 1908 Model—Now on Sale.
SS

same perfect condition as at the start.

THE WHITE COMPANY,
Broadway at 62nd Street.

BROADWAY AND SIXTY-FIRST STREET.

York

 

Are a correction of all other tire evils, and faithfully bear
every tire responsibility. They are commended by those
who have failed to find the same utility in any other tire
product, Experience has made them competent judges.

They cost more—But Wear the Longest.

They cost more—But Give more Comfort.

They cost more—But Give Satisfaction.

They cost more—But Protect You Absolutely agaiost .\cciees’.

And for such Autoists as demand something better
has in the past been able to find in the

than he
Clincher Type, we offers--

THE FISK CLINCHER TIRES,

Made in *‘ Heavy Car Type”’ style. The most expensive tire,
as regards materials and workmanship, on the American market.
Our own design of construction used, and ‘Fisk quality” besides.

THE FISK RUBBER CO.,

CHICOPEE FALLS, MASS.
1725 BROADWAY. NEW YORK

Packarp MOTOR CAR CO. of New York
announces the completion and opening of \its New
Establishment at
Broadway and Sixty-first Street

with enlarged facilities and complete equipment for

prompt and efficient service, and
inspection and patronage.

Packard ‘‘ 30’’ 1908 Model—Now on Sale,
Limousines—Landaulets—Touring Cars—Runabonts.

solicits your

 

 

  
   
       
   
       
      
      

1 Or 10 J

\

 

 

 

ee ——— eee
——————— —

 

   
 

SO Ec MAB RM am So te as

AUTOMOBILES.

RAARAARMAMAAAAA AMY

 

Medium Cost

Matchless Value ||

The MORA Racy- $2 259
type Roadster ov

The car that scored mechanically
perfect in three great sealed bonnet
contests, ran over 4,000 miles, and
still shows original seals intact.
No car at any price has so far

equalled its record.

The MORA

Roadster $1,859
The timé you give to inspect the

mechanism of this MORA type will

be well spent. It pays to know

WHY the MORA got in line with |],

leading cars so quickly; why it

STAYS with the best of them.

The MORA $2 500
Tourer ’
With Donbie Ignition.

High grade, medium weight,
moderate price, ample power, spa-
cious, comfortable, handsome in
appearance, An inviting proposi-
tion from every point of view.

FOR IMMEDIATE DELIVERY

Two MO?A Racytype
Roadsters
Three MORA Tourers

CIMIOTTI BROTHERS
Broadway and 110th Street

Subway Entrance at Door.
Telephone 2686 Riverside.

 

AUCUST SALE
OF 278
AUTOMOBILES.

A large purchase of the entire stock of a leading
dealer hac added 38 demonstrating and sitghtly
used automobiles to our great stock. In addition
to the largest line in the world, we can also con-
sistently claim to offer prices from one-third to
one-half what others ask.

TONNEAUS AND TOURING CARS.

Locomobiles, 20.25 h. p., $1,250; Wayne, 50 hb. p.,
$1,600; Panhard, $1,250; Fiat, 4 cy), $2,000; S chai
Built Tourtng Car, $1,500, cost $6,000; A ‘ar, 4
cyl.. $1,500; Ford, 6 cyl. $1,600; Thomas, almost
new, $1.650; Columbia, 40-45 h, p., $1,850; Darracq.
16h. p., $800; Reo, $675; Locomobile, 2 eyl., $875:
over 200 others, prices $250 up.

RUNARBROUTS.

2 Auto Cars, $490 and 8400; Ford, 4 ey!., $480; De-
cauville, 4 cyl. poneeealy new, $850, Knox, $300;
pegeuvius, 2 cyl., $850; Orlen, $250; Oldsmobile,

" STEAMERS AND ELECTRICS.

We have the largest line of electrics and steamers
in New York and offer special inducements. Nearly
all our cars have full aap Seinen. ete. Buy
now, This Special August ie offeys prices that
can never be duplicated.

MANHATTAN STORAGE CO.

Largest Auto Dealers tn the World.

334-340 West 44th Street

2 blocks from 42d St. Station 9th Av. "L.” 8 blocks
from Broadway.

  

ALUMINUM
AUTOMOBILE BODIES,
Highest Grade Only.
MOTOR REPAIR
WORK,

“ Complete Cars; Immediate

Delivery.

_J.M. Quinby & Co.

Newark, N. J.
Adjacent Lackawanna Station.
Established 1834.

ea

PACKARD

AUTOMOBILES
ats FOR HIRE woe:

 

 

Gesu ae eS SS <a a

MODELS

NONE BUT THE BEST

THE LARGEST PACKARD RENTERS
iN THE WORLD

F. LAUTERBACH ff

14998 Broadwey = Piwne 3539 Bryant

500 SLIGHTLY USED CARS, no junk
' machines offered, to make room on the
floor of our salearoom; any reasonab!c
offer accepted for cars from $150 tu

$14,000. All makes, foreign and Ameri- ‘
ean. Look them over before you buy
or sell. Automobile Sales Corporation
of New York, 1661 Broadway, near 52d
st. Phone 1421 Columbus. New and
second hand Mercedes and American
Mercedes. i

& |

A a eS ED

Al Autos: Pick Your Bargain.

ALL 1906 AND 1907 MODELS.
Speedsters and Touring Cars at

Ay price to clear. Cash Wanted.

Pierce Great Arrows, “2A,” $1,200 $1,400; Loco
mobiles, $00 to $1,500; Packards, from $950, Olds
mobiles, Runabouts and Tourtne, $1,250 $1,500,
Loziers, $1,800 to 82.500; Autocars, "30," from $1,000
Darracgs, $650 to $1,260; Cadillacs, $400 up; Max- |
wells, 100 other unusual opportunities, any |

rice. Demonstrations cheerfully given. }
ttan’s Pioneer Establishment. |

TIRES: 40% to 00% off of list. |

BROADWAY Rona AUTOMOBHLE |

|

 

, TCHANGE,
247, 249 West 47th St, near Broadway.

 

 

AUTOMOBILE |
ROAD MAPS

of New England New Jersey and New York by

 

 

 

 

 

districta, Complete, occu and convenient,
Boid by a or mail. scriptive catslogue
. a. R & CO., 2. s8., OF
. BIGELOW & CO. 62 Nroad St.. New York.
‘S swell © H. P. Runabout, with drtver,
for hire, city or country, weekly monthly; also
fine hich grade touring cars and 1 passenger out-
coach; low rates. SHEARMAN, i877 B'way.
852 and 4480 Colum

ones bus,

 

NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR IT.

A@verticenents for Tae Tuy apd Tre

‘uw may be fel oh ry +O: ong” UP.rt
eenger oc. we ree

Evaytwo
v2 Mes®

—— o ™ a

 
   

AUTOMOBILES.

PPPRIAAAAAA N11 4s 2 A

217, FORD CARS—
217 more happy

motorists—was the
registration record for
July in New York.
The next largest was
91, and 88 was third
—nearly three times
as many Fords

as of any other make.

Each succeeding
month sees these
wonderful cars more
and more coming
into their own.
Watch August—

the comparison will .
be even more
startling.

Time is the friend

of Fords—it proves
that in performance,

endurance and
economy Fords have
no rivals, no peers.
And Fords increase
in value while others
deteriorate by
comparison.

It's no secret

that other cars are
now being sold

at prices far below
list» and some

that did compete
earlier in the season
are now offered

like job lots

and remnants in the

“*Misft’’ Motor Marts,

Meantime the
demand for Ford
Sixes and Runabouts
has increased so
greatly it’s a certainty
the Sixes will
command premiums
within three weeks,
and by September .
first every one of
the 10,000 Ford
4-cylinder Runabouts
will be delivered.

To-day
there are 8,536

on the road.

Ford prices may
increase at the end of
the season—they
never have to be cut.

“Watch the Fords

go by” —every

car is running every
day and every owner's
happy—ask ‘em.

FORD
MOTOR
Co.

1721-1723 Eroadway.
Tel. 4987 Columbas.

Dowutown Stere—
Broad-Exchange Building.
Brooklyn Store, 29 Galecy, Street.
Newark Store, 16 HM? Sérest,