WAY BUY ANY SUBMARINE

Jt LQUAL IN VALUE FOR NAVAL
WARFARE TO THE OCTOPUS,

 

The Attorney-General Sets at Naaght the
Recommendations of the Submarine
Hoard and Deekies That Discretion
tics With the Secretary of the Navy.

Wassinoton, Aug. 3.-The Attorney-
(seneral to-day rendered his opinion in the
matter of the purchase of submarine boate,
tor which $3,000,000 was appropriated by
‘ ongress at ite recent session, The opinion
was asked for by the Secretary of the Navy
na to Whether, in view of the report of the
submarine Board, which tested various
pes of boats, as authorized by the Naval
\ppropriation bill, the Department could
curchase any type of boat other than that
recommended by the board, The law stipu-
tures that no part of the appropriation shall
tLe expended in the purchase of any boat
net the equal of any submarine now in the
navy or under construction. The board
reported that the only boat submitted in
competition which met these requirements
was (he Octopus type.
The Attorney-General
olde that. notwithstanding the recommenda-
ons of the board discretion lies with the
secretary of the Navy to purchase any béat
provided he “shall be satiafied that the boat
when completed in accordance with the
ierms of the contract shall be at least equal
»o value for the purpose of naval warfare
to the Octopus, or whatever other boat may
have been the beat boat of the submarine
class owned by or under contract for the
‘overnment. ”
The opinion is construed as setting at
naught the recommendations of the Sub-
narine Board as required by the law, and
places the whole matter within the dis-
eaten of the Secretary of the [Navy to
jo as he sees fit in the matter of purchasi:
boats of this class. In effdéct the opinion
that notwithstanding the fact that one
‘ype of boat may be inferior to another,
va determined by the tests required by law,
the Secretary of the Navy is empowered to
buy any boat provided it meets contract
requirements that it shall be the equal of
the beat boat in the navy or under contract
for the Government.
The report of the Submarine Board, of
which Capt, Marix was chairman and which
conducted the testa of the boats at Newport,
was also made public to-day. . The Secre-
tary of the Navy in his instructions to the
board asked that it express an opinion
based upon ite findings of the relative merits
of the boats submitted in competition, and
agoordingly the board submitted the fol-

lowin

“It f the unanimous opinion of this board
that the Octopus is the Gapemer boat Bhat
sented for these tests, and therefore t
she is equal to the best boat now owned
by the United States or under contract.
The board is also of the opinion that a boat
generally similar to the Octopus, but larger,
would be a superior naval weapon.

“The subsurface cannot be com
with submarine boats, being of an entirely
diffrent type, but could considered
in the class of the torpedo boats or de-
stroyers if built of sufficient size, yet in
the absence of the regular subsurface boat,
there being but a quarter size model, it
was impossible to make a satisfactory
com rison with any class of vessel. From

hat th the board observes of the speed and

ability of the model there is no reason
to doubt that guarantees made in this
respect can be carried out.
be conceded that a subsurface boat as com-
pared with a torpedo boat has less vul-
nerability, requires leas men and a
larger aoinn Paes she has less
speed and greater drau

The sear also added the following

opinion
That the type of submarine
oumant by the 6 is, in the cpialen of the
pease, inferior to the type as represen’
the Octopus. The closed superstructure
: the Lake, with the large flat deck, which
is fitted to carry water ballast and to con-
tain fuel tanks and air flasks, which is an
easential feature of the Lake boat presented
te us for trial, is inferior to the arrangement

in his opinion

It may also

n board the Octop’ us for the same purpose,
pod also is in the pinion of the board'detri-
mental to the proper control of the boat.
The hydroplanes, an essential feature
of the Lake boat presented to us for trial,
were i of eubmerging the boat on
anevenkeel. They are, therefore, regarded
as an objectionable encumbrance
“The board is of the opinion 7 the tests

of the subsurface boat model did not develop
ee built of a size suitable
to render ties available, are equal

boats now owned by
the Government.”

Capt. Marix filed the minority views re-
epecting the matter of the subsurface boat,
in which he said:

“In my opinion the spans size a -
surface y the com:
their additional bids, nited with a yp
torpedo tube and ab) ble to make a speed of
fifteen knots, would es a weapon of great
value, additional to any now owned by the
Government; and this value would be en-
hanced by the rapidity with which the
ould be constructed and the > ease with whic
they could be transported.”

 

UNDER DOMINICAN TREATY,

U. E. Paolliam Appointed General Receiver
of Customs and J. Edwards Deputy.
WasHIncrTon, Aug. 8.—The insular bureau

of the War Department has notified U. E.

Pulliam of his appointment on August 1 as

general receiver of oustoms for the re-

public of Santo Domingo under the terms
of the treaty between that country and the

Uatred Seaton. J. Edwards also has been

= Sot te Pulliane and i Mo bawenis ~~

have been serving in these respective ca-
pacities under the modus vivendi between
the United States and Santo Domingo since
the retirement of Col. Cotton as receiver.
Mr. Pulliam is to agg ae dT. a of 96,500

penses, and Mr.

“f $4,500 and $4 @ da:
treaty provides that
designate the receiver ae his

TWO CENT RATE LAW VIOLATED,

T. FP. Miller of Indiana Aske the Interstate
Commission to Enforce It.
Wasurvoton, Aug. 8.~Theron F. Miller
of Michigan City, Ind., has appealed to the
Interstate Commerce Commission againat
what he declares is an excessive rate of fare
between Michigan City and New Buffalo,
Mich. Mr. Miller > cltes that he paid 30 cents
© travel this distance of ten over the
Michigan Central Railway, were the
Legislatures of both Indiana and Michigan
have passed a two cent rate law between
he boundaries of their respective States.
He claims that 3 cents a mile is an excessive
ate and asks the oo to enf

 

orce
he rate of 2 cente a mile on this interstate
‘ie nese
The effect of a on in favor of the
nonte ention of Mr. Miller would be to enforce
he local two cent rate on many interstate
routes within States that have passed a
'vo cents a mile rate law.

Movements of Naval Vessels.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.—The collier 4
anon bes arrived at Lambert Point, the
battleship Louisiana at New York yard
id the collier Cesar at Boston.
‘he battleship Ken tucky bas goited foo
oston for New York, the battleshi
“ut trom New York yard for
loads, the yacht Yankton from New 1
yard for Rockland, Me,, and the dentrover
Whipple fret League Island for Ne

 

DWLY TREASURY STATEMENT,
\\ ASIPINGTON, Aug. 3.—The statement of the
Neciots and eapenditures of the Treasury shows:

ALABAMA'S RAILROAD FIGHT,

mpalgn

Broken Up by Senate's Action.
BinminonaM, Ala., Aug. 3.—No action
had been taken up to-night by the State
authorities to enforce the cancellation of
the license of the Southern Railway Com-
pany to do business in Alabama It is
understood that the unexpected action
of the Senate late last night in defeating
the administration bill providing for the
appointment of receivers for railroads
which have forfeited their rights to do
business in the State has disrupted the
original programme of Gov. Comer and
the State authorities, who had hoped to

have this bill rushed through both Houses
islature and under its

 

of the rovisions
seek to throw the Southern way into
a receivership.

After a tome debate the bill was defeated
by an overwhelming vote. This action
came as a 6urprise. Both houses of the

lature heretofore ev bill
ch bore the seal of val Gov.
Comer and the State admi tion.

Just what action the —, authorities
will take is uncertain. is expected,
however, that arrests will be made of some
of the railroad officials or em seyess as was
done in North Carolina for of
ane matters to an issue. "1 is under-
the railroad company will not
move one way or the other until the State
has taken to enforce the action of
the railroad prop vere lanoring the action
e le are ng the action
of the-Secretary of State.
Among the rumors as to the probable
action of the railroad when the State seeks
to put the screws to it is one to the effect
that it will confine its operations to inter-
State business which cannot be interfered
i the wente. It is also said that the
road may seek to stand on the Federal
inj unction already issued net certain
other objectionable laws, including the
new rate law, or may file a supplemental
bill to enjoin in this particular case.

MEDAL FOR BROO LYN FIREMEN.

Witttam 8. Hurley Wil Denate One Annoaily

for Valor.
William 8. Hurley, a prominent resident
of Brooklyn, who had a brief but picturesque
experience as a member of the old Rapid
Transit Commission, has offered to pro-
vide an annual medal! of valor, to be awarded
to firemen in that borou Mr. Hurley
recently sent this commu cation to Deputy
Fire Commissioner Wise:
My attention has been called to the fact
that the Borough of Manhattan gives seven
medals each year to the members of the Fire
Department for heroic and courageous acts
performed during the year, and that the
Borough of Brooklyn gives but one for the
same purpose.
It seems very unjust to the Brooklyn fire-
men that they should not have equal recog-
nition for courage and devotion to duty,
particularly as I understand the possession
of a medal counts for 7 per cent. in examina-
tion for promotion. It will give me great
pleasure to offer your department a yearly
medal, if you think it appropriate that I
should do so. Your department, of course,
is to arrange conditions governing ite be-
stowal and presentation.
The offer of Mr. Hurley has been mee
and he and Mr. Wise will arrange the details
of the gift.

COMPANY SUES UNIONS.

Boycott Against Telephone Company Starts
Action for Redress.
Hevena, Mont., Aug. 3.—The Montana
Federation of Labor, the Livingston Trades
and Labor Council, Telephone Operators
Union No. 42, L. W. Thorpe, Almodose
Grenier and Effie La Fever are made de-
fehdanta in a suit begun in the Federal
Court here by the Rocky Mountain Bell
Telephone Company to-day to secure an
order restraining the respondents from
interfering with or molesting in an: a.
the business of the company and to
the boyoott which, the complainant alleges,
has been in force since March 14 last, which
has damaged the company to the extent of
000.
No temporary injunction was issued, but
an order to show cause why the application
for the jndpnction should not be granted
was made by Judge Hunt, returnable on.
September 16. The trouble is the out-
wth of the strike of the linemen in
fiah, Idaho, Wyomin,

ane Montana, the
SBontone, Federation ordered the
Mountain Bn ; Geclared unfair
in ail teen cities and  esdeving out all
switchboard operators.

 

 

BUTTE BANK CASHIER HELD,

Four Informations Against Clements, Naval

Academy Graduate.
Butter, Mont., Aug. 3.—A. B. Clements,
former cashier of the Xtna! Banking’ and
Trust Company, was arraigned in the
Criminal Division of the District Court
to-day on four informations charging
felonies in gonnection with the bank fail-
ure. One charges him with taking $175,000,
another with taking out $42,000 without

of it and the two other
te to the issuance and

ged false foporte about
the financial condit.

on of the bank

Clemente is a te of the United
States Naval OY was in the navy

A few months ago his
divorce from him. He
married his bank stenographer. Since
arrest he has been in the custody of a
ler who was one of thegheaviest losers
in the Ztna falure. The bank failed for

$600,000
MARTOOGESSIAN

making an en’
informations re
publication of

=
SSS SSS SSS iis nt —enimeernemncmenene ian Tae A eee ERE

for some years.
wife obtained a

 

UNFROCKED.

 

Assassin Tarns Sullen in His Cell and Won't
Tell Anything.

Levont Martoogessian, the Armenian
priest now in the Tombs charged with
having sent blackmailing threate to rich
Armenian merchants, and suspected of
knowing much of the plans for the killing
of Hovhannes S. Tavshanjian, has been
unfrocked. Archbishop Saradjian, head
of the Armenian Church in this country,
received yesterday a cablegram from
Mugerditoh,, the head of the Church. The
cablegram was sent from Etchmadzin,
Caucasia. Translated it reads:

Saradjian, Archbishop, New York.

According to your demand we have de-
graded Martoogessian.

The ion of the priest will also
mean that he will lose his given name, Le-
vont. This was bestowed upon him after
an Armenian Church custom when he took
up the priesthood. — was the name
of one of the most ous of Armenian
religious dignitaries. jan will
have to take his old given name, Garabed.
The District Attorney's office is not now
a0 hopeful of securing from little Bedros
Tempartecomian, the actual assassin of
Tavshanjian, a confession as to who it
was that put him up to the murdering.

An Armenian from Chelsea, Mass., claimed
the prisoner as a cousin yesterday and

pestowes on him a name entirely different
heretofore given to tim. =oe
Baocrict ‘htton ‘a office is about read.
oes that o@ told the truth abou bie’
2 the pretensions of certain
be his relatives are spurious.
is | abot that t some of those |
itted to see him he has
taremain silent about the murder plot.
io now mest stubborn and even
look, at persona brought in to see hin He |

SSS SS SSS ss Ss Ss

a

t }

e |
|

a

for the charge |

y in ee faith to be Serwarted for
patricelo and charitable per poses by Ar-

This day. This month. Fiscal wear. ted hi
woate zouian, who is a repu
: me... ies “ran "rai, ‘ Saradjian will d a memorial
' an | service fn honor of Varmacnen te ——
The. Pebeini nena expats Onisneson ing and vit haa refrained mentioning | Fu
om nv internal revenwy $316,281; and miscetlancous, Se ie “

| has. invited Gen.

THE SUN, see cmimemremsteie atacand a

Greene Gold-Silver

COMMON AND PREFERRED 8TOOK
A present prices are considered two

ARKANSAS DIAMOND REEF REAL | YAY BUY ANY SUBMARING] “22594 maxzmosn #7007. | ARVANSASDIAMONDREBPREAL! @M@ MO MEE ceccsscccssccccsccccsc cscs sccssscssssenssseassssassegss

GEORGE F. KUNZ HAS BEEN DOWN
LOOKING AT IT,

 

 

|
Seems to Be Genuine Matrix and the 4
monds No Giactal Travellers —Ownors
Arranging to Develop It —Ite Richness
a Matter te Be Determined Later.

Dr. George F. Kunz, probably the leading
authority. on diamonds in the country,
announced yesterday that the diamond fleld
recently discovered in Pike county Arkansas,
was the real thing, and so far as he knows
the only real diamond reef in the country.

“The announcement of a diamond mine
discovery here is a very serious thing,”
said the eminent gem expert. “You know
that the diamonds in many newly discovered
so-called diamond mines have been brought
there—either in glaciat moraines or by
various people interested. There has been
no locality in the United States where
diamonds have been found ‘in place,’ that
is, where they naturally belong. But
so far as our investigations have carried
we believe that this Arkansas discovery is
genuine. Further investigation, of course,
is necessary to prove it absolutely right
and to reveal its value.”

An Arkansan, riding along a road, saw
two aparkling stones by the roadside about
a year ago.

Local talent declared them diamonds and
Dr. Kunz was summoned to investigate.
Dr. Kunz has investigated the discovery
of every diamond in the United States
within the last few years, ascertaining that
diamonds found in Wisconsin, Mich igan,
Ohio, California and in Richmond, Va.. were

i there in glacial movements. He
written a book on “Gems and Precious
Stones of North America” and for the last
twenty-five years has weigoen reports for
logical Surv He spent about

two weeks in = Arkansas a
H. 8. Washin geologist and petro-
pra . was ti) —y more than a month.

rock of the formation in and upon
ouieh the ww diamonds were found
is voleanic and . ractically the
eame as that in h African diamond
mines,” said Dr. Kunz yesterday. “Dr.
Wi ‘a investigations have proved
that rock is geologically, that in Pehich
diamonds are found. The formation was
first discovered in 1842, was noted at unusual,
and in 1889 by the then State geologist
John C. Brenner, was thought to be of
diamondiferous character. Its extent is
about 100 acres. The stones have been
found in an area of thirty or forty acres
between two dikes. A new roadway be-
tween the two hilis pas out ab the washed
and decomposed rock, and this led to the
cerer7.

“We found no diamonds ourselves, but
130 have been collected, found in twos and
threes. Borin 140 and 180 feet deep
which have mn made have revealed
the same rock. Some of the deposite of
rook are as large as a single mine at Kim-
berley. Only one stone has been found
in the rock itself, two in the decomposed
wash or broken up rock, and the rest on
the surface. The stones are white, yellow
and brown. The largest, a clear fine white
crystal, is about 6% carate weight, while
another just as fine, a beautiful yellow,
weighs 454 carats in the rough.”

Dr. Kunz said that an area of 600 acres
containing these diamond finds is held by
four or five responsible men of Arkansas
who are oc ng on the development
and investigating the possibilities. Until

 

 

these possibilities are more fully known,
Dr. Kunz said, a value could not placed
on the property.

DISBANDING TAILORS UNION,

 

United Garment Workers Forming a New
Union in Place of the Brotherhood.

The Brotherhood of Tailors, which has
been ordering strikes every summer for
the last ten years, will be out of existence
in a week or 80, according to Benjamin
Larger, general secretary of the United
Garment Workers of America, and another
organization will take its place which will
be more careful in the way of strikes.

Final arrangements were made yester-
day by the general executive board of the
United Garment Workers to start the en-
roliment of members for the new body to-
morrow, and all the coat tailors who give
up thejr present strike, which at one time
involved 35,000 tailors, will be'eligible for
membership. Those who remain on strike
in violation of the orders of the United
Garment Workers to retuftn to work pend-
ing arbitration will have no union.

ine strike@iteelf, it was learned yesterday,
has proved a fizzle, as strikers were stam
peding to work all last week. The strike |

narrowed down to a fight as to whether
the coat tailors would be controlled by the |
United Garment Workers and the American
Federation of Labor or the Socialists, as
represented in the United Hebrew Trades, |
which advised the strikers to stay out, }
According to last reports the United Gar- |
ment Workers won. j

Secretary Larger of the United Garment
Workers said last evening that when the
new organization is completed the annual
summer strike of the tailors will be a thing
of the past. They were ordered in most
cases because the tailors, after they gained
their demands one summer, would drop
out of the union in batches and a strike
had to be arranged in order to get them to
pay up their dues and join the union again |
the next summer.

WOULD BE PARALLEL ROADS,

ee Te ee eee ene eee ee eee

 

Cenfiicting Applications to the Upstate |
Public Service Commission.

ALpany, Aug. 3.—The up-State Public '
Service Cominission has received from the
Rockland Railroad Company an applica- '
tion to extend its line from Nyack to Wee: !
Haverstraw, in Rockland count¥, and from |
the West Shore Traction Company, which |
has heretofore received authority to butid
ite road over practically the same route
in the county, an application for the revoca-
tion of the authority given the Rockland
Railroad Company, on the ground that
although it received permission to construct
its road in February, 1903, it had failed to
begin the work up to March 20, 1007. A hear
ing will be

— on the applications by the
commission

ter on.

 

MAKING THE DIRT FLY),

 

More Than & Million Cabic Yards Exca-
vated on the Canal in Joly.

Wasninaton, Aug. 3.—The Washington
office of the Isthmian Cana) Commission
this morning received a cable from Chief
Engineer Goethals on the Isthmus, saying
that the excavation on the canal during
July was as follows:

Culebra division, 770,570 cubic yards,
against 624,536 cubic yards in June; Gatun,
74,765, cubic yards, against 75,019 cubic
yards in June; dredging in canal prism,
212,710 cubic yards, against 81,352 oubie
yards in June. Total, 1,(58,776 cubic yards,

ainst 780,057 cubic yards in June.
“eT his i is the largest month's work yet done.
The rainfall for the month is reported at
| inches, against 14 inches in June. Dur.

ng the month of July, 1906, there were but
157,003 cubic yards excavated in Culebra
| cut, as against 770,570 cubic yards for the
game month this year.

 

Gen. Edwards Invited to Accompany Secré-
tary Taft to Manila.

WasHINGTON, Aug. 3.--Secretary Taft |
Clarence 8. Edwards,
chief of the insular bureau of the ‘War
Department, to accompany him and Mrs.
Taft on their trip tothe Philippines, where
the Secretary goes on September 10 to attend
the opening of the et Philippine Assem-
os The Secreta Mrs. ‘Taft will
urn by way of the Sioerian Railway and
Fone. It is probable that Gen, Edwards
will accept the invitation,

 

YL
or

| The doctor said that Goodstein might pose |

| for some time, but

| and George J. Webb, 26 years.old, of 557

AUGUST 4.

of the cheapes
mining

SPECIAL LETTER ON APPLICATION.

JAMES O’BRIEN

42 Broadway, New York

‘CURB SECURITIES

 

LEFT HIM ON STOOP TO DIE

AMBULANCE TOOK HIM TO HOUSE
AND DEPARTED.

 

 

Coroner Shrady Investigating Case of Man
Who Had Been in the Harlem Hospital
With a Broken Leg—Friends Biame
Hospital for Sending Him Away.

Friends of Philip Goodstein, who was
employed as a salesman by the National
Looking Glass Company, at 101st street and
East River, and who died on July 12, have
made serious charges to Coroner Shrady
against persons connected with the Harlem
Hospital.

Goodstein had one of his legs broken
in an elevator accident at the looking glass
factory on July 1 and was taken to the
Harlem Hospital. There was also a cut
about six inches long on the leg. Good-
stein was discharged from the hospital on
July 11. At moon on the next day he died
from blood poisoning at his home, 4 East
107th street.

Jacob Minowitz, a real estate dealer
with whom Goodstein lived, is one of the
witnesses against the hospital officials.
He was examined by Coroner Shrady yea-
terday. Minowitz said that the first in-
timation that the persons in hie flat had
that Goodstein had been discharged was
when a small boy ran up four flights of
stairs from the street and said that there
was an injured man in front of the house.
That was about 9 o'clock on the evening of
July 11,

Minowitz said that he and other mem-
bers of the family looked out of a window
and saw Goodstein on the steps supported
by twomen. They hurried down and found
him in intense pain. The ambulance was
gone then. Minowitz said it was impos-
sible for Goodstein to get upstairs and one
of the men carried him on his back. Good-
stein groaned with pain all the way. The
two men who had come to his aid in the
street, according to Minowitz, were strang-
ers. They left after the man had been
taken to his room.

Minowitz told the Coroner that Good-
stein complained that he had been ill treated
at the hospital—that he had been com-
pelled to dress himself when his leg pained
him so he could scarcely sit up and that he
had been left sitting for four hours waiting
for an ambulance. Goodstein said he had

fainted while waiting for the ambulance
and when he asked a nurse for a drink of
water she told him she had no time to waste
on a discharged patient. According to
Minowitz the ambulance doctor didn't
even take the trouble to ring the door bell

when he left Goodstein in front of the |

house.

Goodstein was worse in the morning and
shortly before noon Minowitz sent for Dr
Benjamin Fidler of 18 East 107th street.
Dr. Kidler arrived a few minutes after

Goodstein died. Then Coroner's Physician |

Weston was notified. Dr. Weston and
Dr. Fidler agreed that death was
by blood poisoning. Dr. Weston
reporting the case to Coroner
said it was “a at, ~-- case and ough’
to have discharged.” Dr. Fidler
said iast night that when Dr. Weston re-
moved the plaster cast from the leg he
found the wound in a bad condition. It
had not healed.

Members of Minowitz’s family and Louis
Cobin, a neighbor who helped to carry
the injured man ws the stairs, corrobo-
rated Minowitz. e Coroner has been |
investigating the case for some time, He ;
announced yesterday that he would submit
the case to-a coroner's jury and summon
every one of the doctors in the Harlem |
Hospital who had anything to do with !
it. An autopsy alao will be made on the
bod

Dr. John Overton, the house surgeon of t
the Harlem Hospital, said yeste that |
Goodstein had received the best of care
in the hospital. One of the visiting sur-

dressed Goodstein's leg. The
fog was put up in splints at first and then
) & plaster cast was put on.

in re-

 

The cast had

| been on for forty-eight hours when the

decided to discharge Goodstein,

a had Sess sitting up and moving around

on crutches fora day ortwo. Dr. Overton |
said that when Goodstein left the hospital

he showed no symptoms of blood p>isoning.

 

r for the am
e did not believe he |
fainted or a drink of, water had been de |

nied him.

The ambulance which took Goodstein
home was in chargefof Dr. Henry Fischer.
Dr. Fischer denied that Goodstein had asked
ae any 5 gevetnnep after the ambulance

ed the house. He said that a
poor out from the houseand greeted
n, and he supposed he was one of
Goodstein’s friends who was waiting for
his return. When the arnbulance left the
house Goodstein, according to Dr. Fischer,
was walking on the crutches without much

difficulty.
COP SHOOTS. A FUGITIVE.

Boliet Intended Only to Scare Him Enters
Lionel Dowdney's Back.

Lionel Dowdney, 23 years old, of 749
Jefferson avenue is in a critica) condition
in St. John’s Hospital, Brooklyn, from a
bullet wound inflicted by Policeman Thomas
J. Cavanagh of the Gates avenue station
early yesterday morning.

Cavanagh and Detective Arthur J. Britton,
while in Throop avenue near Decatur street
on a quest of two highwaymen who were
reported to have been engaged in a holdup
in the neighborhood, ran across’ Dowdney

had to wait in hia}

 

Quincey street in a rough and tumble fight.
‘Lhe youn ated on the approach
of [the policemen, Dowdney == ht,
with Policeman Cavanagh in a hot

after him.

Cavanagh called on him to stop, but he
kept up his flight until he reached Fulton
street and Granada place, when a bullet
fired by his pursuer entered his back and
brought him to a quick halt. It was at first
cappreed that the wound was a trivial

ne, but when Dowdney was removed to
the noe ital it was found that he had but
nee of recovery

men 6@

|

 

ali
4s Webb, with whom Dowdney had
pose | fig upg: was taken to the station by
Detective Britton. He said that he and |

Dowdney were old friends and after making
a social call were on their way home when
they became involved in a quarrel over a
trivial matter and came to blows.
Policeman Cavanagh was arrested for \
the shooting and paroled. He said he had
no intention to shoot Dowdney and fired
the shot in the air to eeare him into a eur-
r.

 

 

a ye
$$$ ee

of the Esposito brothers,

| tals,
caused | we z
ove

Shrady
not |

bail lalallala te cee ote ie a en he ea ape

1907. +11

Telephone 4100—Cortlandt. 2

| SSSSLSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS

THE MULTIPHONE |

PAYS ONE PER CENT, EACH MONTH ON THE PAR; IT PAYS
ONE AND ONE-THIRD PER CENT. MONTHLY
ON THE MONEY INVESTED.

ELEVEN MONTHLY DIVIDENDS HAVE
ALREADY BEEN PAID FROM EARNINGS.

If you could be at the office of the MULTIPHONE and see how inastru-
ments, no matter where they are placed, are turning in an average of MORE
THAN. FOUR TIMES the amount needed to meet any promise we have
made, you would wonder why any one with money to invest lets a day pass
without buying all the Multiphone stook he can get.

But there are some who still doubt. There are many who do not know
Others who are convinced fall back on the fear that it is too good to be true,
and that an offering that gives to every investor a money making chance
such as only the insiders of high finance are supposed to find must of neces-
sity be a trap. Meantime as steadily as the tidds rise and fall with the first

of every month out go the dividends to every stockholder, dividends from
actual earnings, and those earnings so easy to prove or disprove that a child
can see that there could not be a trick about them

Dividends are likely to be

three times as large as now.

The MULTIPHONE proposition is as simple as a clotheapin There is
no question as to the beauty and stately attractiveness of the instrurnent
itself; there is no question as to the exquisite music it reproduces from the
finest records; there is no question as to the soundness of the company and
the perfection of its plans. The one query that the most cautious person
can raise » Will it coatimee to pay dividends? Have you a doubt on that
score now

Weigh every word, please. With higher price stock more money comes
in for every share sold, The price of instruments remains the same;
fore a given amount of stock sold now will set more instrumente * a
than if sold at a lower price, and as the stock price goes up and we
ceeds will continually put more and more instruments earning divid

This condition is what gives such added investment value to’t
issue of stock. The returns from it will be quickened _peyond sie yet
shown in the marvellous history of the MUL "TIPHON

Stock Is Now $7.50—Par $10.

I¢ will be at par before the leaves fall. [t will be uhove
fairly realize it, and then What? Is there any reasonable limit ” tore has a
right to be $30 on the basis of the dividends now paid. What then when the
dividends are doubled—tripled?

This is a New York compans, qepenl $2,000,000, under a charter that safe-
guards the rights of every stockhol

Multiphone Operating Company

 

 

t stocks in the
market.

HAD A ROPE FOR A PRISONER

And Crowd of Brooklynites Came Near
Using It on Man Girl Complained Of.
An Italian who said his name was Martin

Sallo, still suffering from injuries inflicted

late Friday night by men who had heard

Miss Annie Rogers's story of his attempted

assault upon her, wae arraigned in the

Butleratreet police court, Brooklyn, yester- |

day and committed to jail for examination

on Wednesday on the girl's complaint.
Mies Rogers, who is 17 years old and lives
at 75 Third street, Brooklyn, waa on her
way home at 10 o'clock on Friday night,
when the Italian met her at Bond and Third
streets, Brooklyn, and attempted to assault
her. He dragged her behind a number of
trucks and wagons. She screamed and
kicked, and Patrolman John P. Lyons of the

Butler street station ran to her rescue. At

the same time a number of men who live

in the vicinity heard her and also hastened
to see what was the trouble.

The patrolman captured the Italian, and
some of the men, hearing that he had at-
tempted to assault Miss Rogers, tried to

getathim. The cop held the prisoner with
one hand and beat off the others with his

you

night otto. Le the prow ger loreer. | Washington Life Building, Broadway é Liberty St., Wew York City
G 60) ec Aa e
Ralian. ino 20D @ veme wan tarowe rh | | PROSPECTUS FREE ON APPLICATION. Suite 1518.

thecrowd. One end of it was thrown over
a lamppost and a noose was made of the |
other end. When the crowd became too
demonstrative and were closing in on the
officer and his prisoner Lyons, realizin

how desperate the crowd was, made a nove

SEND POSTAL FOR PARTICULARS.

 

 

 

plea. Pos PROPOSALS.

“If anything should happen to this pris- PRO asa. | enna. PARADOR:
pow, he yelled, “I'}l lose my job and you

now it.”

The men knew Lyons and they gave up
the hanging idea, but severa: at them
rushed in and etfuck the prisoner in the
face. When a patrol wagon came the
man was thrown into it and taken to the
Butler street station. He would not tell
where he lived.

$15,000,000
NEW YORK CITY

Four (4%) Per Cent.
GOLD TAX EXEMPT STOCK AND BONDS

Issued in Coupon or Registered Form.
Interchangeable at will after purchase.

To be Sold Monday, August 12, 1907

At 2 o’clock P. M.
AS FOLLOWS :

$13,000,000 Corporate Stock, Payable May 1, 1957
2,000,000 Assessment Bonds, Payable May 1, 1917

EXEMPT FROM TAXATION, EXCEPT FOR STATE PURPOSES

THESE STOCKS AND BONDS ARE
LEGAL INVESTMENTS FOR TRUST FUNDS.

Send bids in a sealed onve! enclosed tn the A DEPOSIT oF

envel

TWO PER CENT. OF PAR VALUE MUST A ANT Dit ate epost

neney or certified check upon a solvent er ACCOMMAN _ intormation® oe
City Record,” published at Room Ne. 3 Cite Hall, New Tore

Consult any Bank or Trust Company, or address

HERMAN A. METZ, Comptroller City of New York

280 Broadway, New Yerk.

 

FOURTH ARREST IN GIRL MURDER.

 

Htatian Who Cannot Give a Satisfactory
Explanation Heid.

The detectives who are trying to run
down the murderer of Katie Tietschler,
whose body was found in a cellar at 203
First avenue last Thursday, found yester-
day a man who admitted to Inspector
McCafferty that he had known the victim
and that the day after her disappearance
he had been in the cellar where her body
was discovered subsequently. This man
is Luigi Esposito, one of four brothers who
own pushearts and who told the inspector
that they had rented the cellar where the
child was found to keep their stock in over
night.

John Bauer, the uncle of the murdered
child, who has been as active as the detec-
tives and sometimes more acute in the
search for the perpetrators of the crime, {
recommended on Friday the questioning ;
Luigi, Tomaso,

George and James. Early yesterday morn-
| ing the detectives rounded them up and
took them to Headquarters.

All of the brothera except the elder,

answered McCafferty’s —-
a straightforward manne
re examination Luigi Seenmee ‘ns
anc contradictory. He finally admitted
that he had spoken a few times to Katie
Tietschler and that he had been in the oellar
on two occasions after the girl had been
missed from her home. He admitted in-
timacy with Annie Messner, the woman
now held on suspicion in the Tombs, and
with several men of her acquaintance.

He was arraigned in the Yorkville court
a8 a suspicious person and held without
bail for forty-eight hours. He was locked
up at Headquarters.

 

 

GAVE WHISKEY FOR FARE.

Will Now Sue the New York Central for
Injuries Received on the Ride.

SPECIAL TH nai EDITION OF

 

FOLLOWED LITTLE GIRLS.

 

 

Man Who Rambles in His Speech Says He

Wouldn't Have Hurt Them.

Frank Powers, 90 years old, of 156 East
Sixty-sixth street, who said he was the
manager of a lunch room at Fifty-ninth
street and Madison avenue, was arrested
yesterday on the complaint of several young
girls, Ella Johnson, 10 years old, who lives
with her mother, a widow, at 166 East Fifty-
sixth street, accused the man of attempting
to entice her to Central Park. Her mother
accompanied her to the Yorkville police
court and tried to attack the prisoner, but

was prevented by a policeman.

The girl told the Magistrate that the
man had caught her by the arm and tried
to force her to go with him. She broke
away and at Fifty-seventh street he accosted
two other girls. They were Frances

Schwarzme of 868 it avenue, and
Lillian Smi of 305 Fast Sixty-second street,
who are 14 years old. ‘e laid hands on the
girls and they and ran awa:

The prisoner said he had no inten ion of
injuring thegirls. He rambled in his speech
1nd Maxistrate Breen held him in $1,000
for examination,

 

POLICE CAPTAINS TRANSFERRED,

 

Thirteen of Them Shifted as Gen. Bingham
Goes on His Vacation.

Arthur J. O'Keeffe, who was made acting
Police Commissioner by (en. Bingham
before he left far his vacation, announced
yesterday the transfer of thirteen police
captains. Mr. O'Keeffe said that the
changes had been decided upon by Com-
missioner Bingham before he went away.

Ex-Inspector Donald Grant was sent
from the West 100th street station to Union
Market; John W. O'Compor, who has been
acti ‘inspector in Williamsburg during
the illness ef Ln tor Dennis Sweeney,
will report to-day for duty in the Mull
street station, relieving Capt. George
Liebers, who is sent to the Brena” ‘Park
station. Jo n D. Herlihy is sent from the
Union Market station back to West 100th
street. The other changes follow:

Capt, Henry Halpin, from West Sixty-eighth
street to College Point.

Capt. John J, Farrell, from College Point
to West Sixty-eighth street.

Capt. James MeGlynn, from City Hall t»
Bathgate avenue.

Capt. Edward Walling,
avenue to City, Hall,

Capt. Michael E. Poody, from Borough Hail,
Brooklyn, to Washington avenue, The Bronx.

Capt. Charles D. Kemp, from Sedgwick
avenue, The Brena, to Borough Hall, Brook-
lyn.

Capt.. Dennia J. Brennan, from Washington
avenue, The Bronx, to Sedgwick avenue, The
Bronx.

Capt. Vrederick Gj. Carsdn, from East Thirty-
fifth street to Weat 125th street

Capt. Patrick Byrne, from West 125th street
| to Kast Thirty-fitth street,

from Bathgate

Utica, Aug. 3.—A novel question will
be raised in a suit against the New York
Central and Hudson River Railroad Com-
pany which is to be brought within a few
days. The question is whether or not a half
pint of whiskey is legal pay for a ride from
Syracuse to Watertown. The identity of

the person who is to institute the action
against the railroad has not been revealed,
but it is said that he is a resident of Water-
town.

The facts in the case recite that several
months ago this person was in Syracuse
and was about to purchase a ticket to go to
Watertown, when a friend told him he
could get him a ride on a freight. It is
said that the conductor on the freight was
asked if the person might ride and answered
in substance that he could a ae had a half
pint. The would-be passe
a pint of er and iy cond r sie
himself. The le to Water-
town, but on the way the = met with
an accident and he was so badly injured
Gas Be was in the hospital for nearly two
moni

It is conceded that if the he perace rode free
the railroad would not be responsible fcr
any injuries he sustained, but it is ur,
~~ the ettorney y who is to bring the suit ¢!

en he gave the conductor the shiokey
the liquor was accepted as the fare to Water-
town and mg the railroad com-
pany was bo he conductor's act
and owed him the oame care and duty that
it would have owed him had hebeen riding
in a palace car instead of in the caboose.

CORRIGAN AFTER POLICEMEN.

New Magistrate Will Not Let Them Tout
for Lawyers.

George Blessing of Sheepshead Bay yes-
terday made an affidavit in the West Side
court that he had given $10 to a lawyer who
had not appeared when he was arraigned
on the charge of not supporting his wife.
The lawyer was not in court when Blessing
made the affidavit, but he said later that

| he had not appeared for Blessing because
1
\

another lawyer, sent by Blessing’s em-
piozer, had made his appearance.
gistrate Corrigan was concerned

chiefly because it was brought at re!
| lawyers had the privilege

prisoners about to be crraigned. if It —
' his first day in the court and he said that if
| he found that policemen were helping
| lawyers get cases he would bring it to the |
attention of the Police- Commissioner.

 

Killed by Fall From Running Board of a
Troney (ar.

George Brower, 35 years old, of 351 Pulaski |
street, Brooklyn, on returning from Coney
Island early yesterday morning in a De-
Ra evenuedey had to stand on the
board owing to the crowded condition
the car. As the car swung around the Survo

was thrown off and, falling on his head, sus-

tained a fracture of the skull. He was

prnes up unconscious and died soon after
removal! to the Swedish Hospital.

¢

 

in Franklin avenue near Pacific street he,

=

Financial Critic

Containing twelve large haif-tone spats of the
graces 74 mines of Goldfield, > Nevada. THE
PNA ‘CLAL CRITIC ts the accepted authority on

high grade mining investmetns. It La, tell y:
how small sums may earn large profi bow to
place your money to insure re A permane 4A
and meee Bes posted on ALL AT IS Goon. It
answers questions fearlessly and will tell you
what your present holdings are worth. W’ net have
you tn waiiored stocks? Write us argue as =
receive this lal tllustrated edi

chine. FRE subscription to me TINANCEAL

EK. H. KRAMER & blish.
1312 1312 Merchagta'¥ change Bldg. San Praneteco, Cal Exchange Bldg. Se 'San't Fraactsco, (v00, Cal

== NIPISSING

ON WHAT ITS FUTURE —
SEND FOR SPECIAL

J. Thomas Reinhardt

in Gapenee Place, 38 Broad 8
a New York.
U A factliti f
neceall wire” to Boston Ome”

a ‘OR SAL5- Group of sorty fon £0 F minine
claims, near Greenwater Listric a r
tally developed; indications point to lernene °

veer qgerer wulpides; water ee: coa! in
vicinity; R. will tap propert terms
Address GEO, F. EULE hh 440 Bora. n Gate ay.,
San Francisco, Cal.

INVESTIGATE
An investment that wil! pay big dividends qui By
beginning this year, not @ prospect or special
but an estabiished profitable enterprise right bere

in New, York, ably managed. well known, e
have 2? P sheree of this storl forsale. Par $10.00.
RNER & COMPANY. 500 Sth av.

 

~

AMERICAN LOCOMOTIVE COMPANY,

111 Broadway, New York, June 2th, 1807.

The Roard of Directors this day declared a div!
dend of one and one querter per cent, upon the
common capita) stock, peyeble Auguet 26, 1807, to
the comn.on stockholders of record at. the close of
business on August 9, 1907, Cheeks will be mafied,

Transfer books of the conimon stock will close at
oe PD. M., Angust 9, im, and reonen August 26,

FIGH BYST, Secretary.

 

BU SINESS- OPPORTU NITIES.
“HAVE post itive Inside information of a tow
priced Inv estment stock which will doubie In waive
in sit montis, Can be nought tn small lois on
installments, Address GRORG’ CLAWSON, Sear
ite Bullding, Kansas City, Mo,

 

 

oo nemo
“TMPORTING house, well known, rating Lb 14
} wants active treasurer to buy Interest. practica ,
monopoly. lon , Suse essiul, growing revord. 8.,
box 116 duno

 

sUMMER RESORTS.

PEARL ARAA RRL

“MAPLEWOOD INN, Dobbs Ferry, N. ¥.

 

ony

An Ideal resting place, first class board; al! tm
provements; 2) miles from New York, Open a’
ear, F. URIDGER, Prop. Phone 04,

BD NINES PU RPOSES.

Veen nA AAAne

          
   

To wer “vor
PAA ALORA

VOR RENT ae wr ee “suitable for omer or
buatness, In a very Nqit lost in the centre of bus-
ness seelion, (2d et.. between Broadway and 5% av,
Write partie ulars. S. 3. U., 14 Broadway,

yy