VOL. LXXVI.—NO. 10.
(RADERS FOR HUGHES NOW

PARSONS PUBLICLY, W0OOD-
RUFF ONLY IN PRIVATE,

Those Who Bet Parsons Would Stick It
Out Pay Up—Woodruff Dissects
“Test Vote’ to Fit His Announced
Position—Picking Hughes Ticket.

Herbert Parsons, president of the New
York county Republican committee, got
in first. Chairman Woodruff of the
State committee was still a trailer in
public. In private for a week he has
told his friends that Gov. Hughes's re-
nomination at Saratoga was assured.

Quite a bunch of money changed hands
when Mr. Parsons in an authorized state-
ment declared for Hughes. Privately
Mr. Parsons’s friends had bet that he
would stick it out. Rank outsiders took
the bets, the proposition being that he
would get aboard the Hughes band wagon
ahead of Woodruff, primaries or no pri-
maries, for they had nothing whatever
to do with the attitude of Mr. Parsons
yesterday any more than they had to do
with the statement issued by Mr. Wood-

roff.
For two weeks both Mr. Woodruff and

Mr. Parsons have known that Mr.Hughee’s
renomination was inevitable. They cone
tinued the fiddle-faddle just the same,
and the results of the primaries, whether
they had reference to the vote in the
*test districts” or not, had nothing what-
ever to do with their final throwing up

the sponge act yesterday.

Early in the day Mr. Parsons issued the
following statement: *

The result of tne test vote taken in this
county shows that a considerable majority
of the enrolled Republicans prefer that
Gov, Hughes should be renominated.

We took the test to put the question up
to them, and if their desires were explicit
to act accordingly, The test showed that
there is some bitter opposition. But in
view of the controlling sentiment in favor
of the Governor's renomination, which the
test has made olear. it is my opinion that a
large majority of the delegates from New
York county to the State convention will
favor Gov. Hughes’s renomination.

Chairman Woodruff hada talk with
Mr. Parsons and a number of Brooklyn
Assembly district leaders and subse-
quently he issued the following state-
ment: :
According to the reports in this morn-
ing’s papers, in the nine districts of New
York county which were tested the total
vote for Gov. Hughes was 3,844 and against
him 8,624, or almost even. In Kings county
in the Eighth, Nineteenth, Twenty-first and
Twenty-third districts, which are the only
ones I have received any returns from, the
vote for the Governor was 955 and against
him 2,099. These districts were selected be-
cause the Eighth, which gave a vote of 103
for and 576 against, is a district'typical of
the Democratic districts which constitute a
majority of the Agsamblysdistricts of Kings
county and because Judge Brenner, the
leader, could be trusted to eee to it that the
test was conducted in perfect fairness to all.

The Twenty-first district, which gave a
vote of 159 for to 652 against, was selected
because it is the most distinctively German
of the many German districts in old Williams-
burg. Judge Brenner in telephoning to me
last night stated, as did also Mr. Levy, the
acting leader of the Twenty-first district
during the illness of Mr. Jaquillard, that the
vote had been taken in the freest and fair-
est manner. Entirely contrary to some
statements in this morning's papers to the
effect that no announcement was made of
these test votes I told the leader of the
Hughes movement in Brooklyn, Mr. Darwin
R. James, Jr., last Friday afternoon that a
test would be taken in these two districts,
the Eighth and Twenty-first. Judge Bren-
ner and Mr. Levy told me last night that the
Hughes organization had circularized the
enrolied voters of both districts urging
them to attend the primaries and vote the
Hughes ticket.

The magnitude of the opposition thus
manifested to Gov. Hughes in New York
county, and particularly in Kings county,
certainly justifies the position which I
bave taken, that we would have to await
the gathering of the delegates at Saratoga
to enlighten us as to the exact situation
in all the Assembly districts, which are the
units of representation. Ardent supporters
of the Governor’s renomination have in-
sisted that I as the head of the State organ-
ization should declare for him on the ground
that there was little or no opposition to
him. I have, of course, recognized the
very large and earnest sentiment in his
favor among many classes, and the very
best classes of Republicans, but could
bot be blind to the opposition which for
the first time was made evident yesterday
to the public.

Some district leaders in New’ York and
Kings counties and some State leaders
have been vehemently criticised for their
Opposition on the theory that it was founded
purely upon personal antipathy to the
Governor. It must certainly now be ad-
mitted by all fair minded men that Judge
Brenner and Mr. Jaquillard in Brooklyn,
and Mr, Levinson, Mr. Blake and Mr. Ned-
jedly in New York, whose combined five
districts showed 682 for and 2,583 against
Gov. Hughes, were justified in believing,
&s it has been stated in the press they did,
that some other man should be the party's
candidate for Governor.

The only Republican Governor who has
been nominated to succeed himself since
Fenton was renominated at the close of
thecivil war, with the sole exception of Gov.
Odell, was Gen. John A, Dix, and incident-
tily it should be said that he was disas-
trously defeated: My only reason for re-
{erring to this is to call the attention of some |
of the too aggressive advocates of the Gov-
*rnor's renomination who think a political
leader is almost a criminal who has not |
already declared for his renomination, ,
that the renomination of Republican Govs |
Ea is quite the exception and not the>
ule \

The convention Which will assemble next |
Monday will settle this controversy delib-
rately and wisely. There the majority |
of the party's duly elected representatives |
Vill rule Whatever the result may be, I
for one will accept it as the party's will in
the best of spirit, and I sincerely hope and
believe every other true Republican will do
‘he same. The nominee, whoever he may
be, Gov. Hughes or any one else, will receive
Hh most loyal and earnest support of the
“tate organization and of every county

Sreanization affiliated with it. There is
altogether too much at stake in this Presi-
dential year for any Republican to allow
his pre judices, or even his personal desires,
‘o impair the present prospects of a splendid
Republican vietory in the nation and the

State

Personal friends of Mx. Woodruff, how-
*ver, didn't hesitate to say that Mr. Wood-
ne had assured them that he believed |

0V. Hughes's renomination would be
ce the first ballot at Saratoga.
Ith

GREAT
“Its Parity has made 46

 

BEAR SPRING WATER,
famons.''—Ads.

 

way definitely the Republicans began to
discuss candidates for the remainin,
places on the ticket. Up to last night the
following candidates have been men-
tioned by themselves and recommended
to the Republican State committee by
their friends:

Lieutenant-Governor—Senator Horace
White, Speaker Wadeworth, Senator John
Raines, Assemblyman Edwin A. Merritt,
Jr., Senator George A. Davis of Buffalo,
ex-Senator John Lewis Childs of Floral
Park, Senator W.W. Armstrong of Roches-
ter and ex-Assemblyman Frank A. Dudley
of Niagara Falls.

Attorney-General—Ex-Judge G. D. B.
Hasbrouck, Jullus M. Mayer and Senator
Harvey D. Hinman.

Comptroller—Mayor Gaus of Albany,
Willlam Prendergast, Register of Brook-
lyn, and Representative N. Calder of
Brooklyn. -

State Treasurer— County Treasurer
Brush of Suffolk, George A. Lewis of
Nassau and Homer A. Moore of Queens.

Secretary of State—Ex-Senator Will-
jam D. Barnes of Rensselaer county,
John 8S. Maxwell of .Amsterdam, James
A. Lavery of Poughkeepsie and Mayor
Carlson of Jamestown.

State’ Engineer and Survéyor—Frank
M. Williams of Madison county, Lloyd
Collis of New York city and Arthur
O'Brien of Utica. “

Judge Haight is to be renominated to
the Court of Appeals without the slightest
opposition, There will be a ecramble
for the other places.

Lather B. Little and others connected
with State headquarters will leave for
Saratoga Friday afternoon. The main
body of the delegates will begin to journey
to Saratoga on Saturday and Sunday for
the convention, which is to assemble on
Monday. Secretary Root is to be both
temporary and permanent cbairman,
and it was stated that Gen. Stewart L.
Woodford is to make the presentation
speech for Gov. Hughes's renomination.

LION AND AERONAUT FALL.

Their 100 Foet Tumble an Unexpected
Incident at Richmend Berough Fair.
When a hundred feet above the heads

of a crowd estimated at 26,000 people,

most of whom were women and children,
at the Richmond County Fair at Dongan

Hills yesterday afternoon, the bottom

ring of an exhibition hot air balloon

parted from the bag and the trapeze,
with the aeronaut and a small lion which
he carried along as a spectacular feature,
dropped into the crowd. The aeronaut
was taken to a hospital more or less
seriously injured and the lion ran away
unhurt, but was captured by attendants.

The balloon exhibition was put on by
an aeronaut named Frank Robinson, who
hails from Milwaukee, William Coby,

18 years old, whose home is in Milwaukee,

was employed by Robjnson to make the

ascents. The balloon was equipped witb

a trapeze upon which Coby was seated.

Attached to the trapeze by a twenty-five

foot line wasa harness which was placed

 

Coby would out the rope carrying the

lion and a second parachute, attached

to the beast, let it down to earth slowly.
Y afternoon the balloon rose

easily, but when it jerked the frightened | &

lion, from the earth some of those stand-
ing near thought they heard a ripping
of cloth. The lion struggled as always
and when the balloon had reached a
height of 100 feet or so there was another
ripping sound, this time unmistakable,
and a moment later the whole hanging
apparatus, with aeronaut and lion, came
tumbling over and over to the earth.
Coby was picked up and hurried
to the S. R. Smith Infirmary. ‘Last night
the doctors said that his injuries were
not as serious as might have been ex-
pected and that they did not believe his
spine had been injured. No bones were

broken.

~ Robinson later was arrested and taken
to the New Dorp police station, from
which he was released on bail procured
by the fair association. The police be-
lieve that the balloon was not in a fit con-
dition for use and that Robinson per-
mitted Coby not only to endanger his
own life but also the lives of spectators—
to say nothing of the lion.

NO CASE AGAINST BEN BUTLER

Because He's Dead, U. 8. Court Learns
—Suit Begun in 1878 Just Dropped.

Notice is hereby given to the general
public that the United States Attorney's
office for the Southern District of New
York has discovered that Gen. Ben Butler,
who had a finger in the sometime un-
pleasantness between the States lying
on either side of Mason and Dixon's line,
is dead. It may be stated also that it has
been discovered that Ben Butler has been
dead for some time. Here are the United
States Attorney's ror or

“ , suggest to t
Cnt tat the Galenate atore named is
and long has been deceased and that
therefore this case is abated.”

The case 80 respectfully referred to was
a little marr of the recovery of $100,000
for alleged false ent and is %

vs. Benjam ,
Butler. begun in April, re, but

nothi Ww t
laintiff’s attorney called at the United
Btates Attorney's office to say that the
plaintiff “had turned unexpectedly”
and was ready for the to proceed.
The learned counsel apparently was aoc-
customed to his client | If and
“turning up unexpectedly,” since nothing
wes done until ber, 1886,
when the case was set for trial. The Gov-
ernment was ready, but the elusive plain-
tiff was not and the case was marked off

Early in 1887 the plaintiff “turned up”
again "and comainet in evidence |}
enough for the case to come to trial.
verdict was returned for the defendant.
Rut the plaintiff did other things unex-
pectediy besides “turning up,” and one
Sing Derente to this case was to shuffle
up the evidence and institute a second
suit along lines similar to the first. This
seemed to have exhausted him, as he
prompuy disappeared and eo far as this
case is concerned has never “turned up.”
No trial has ever taken place, and now t.
Ben Butler is dead and has been dead for
a long time it is not:likely that any num-
ber of SCO on the part of the plaintiff
will materially flavor the stew.

 

It was
was done until 1881,

Five Children Soaffocated in Burning
House,

MINNEAPOLIS, Sept. 9.—Five children
of J. C:! Burdette were suffocated last
night in a_ farmhouse fire near New
Brighton, Minn., while the neighbors,

orant that the little ones were in the
voring to save the

The parents had spent the evenin
ven friends, leaving the children at
ome.

 

Sb before dinner, eria after.
H.T, Dewey & Sons Co., 158 Fulton St, New York,

the Hughes situation out of eit: OLD MADEIRA OR SHERRY.

 

THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1908.
Fair to-day and probably to-morrow; light
to fresh southwest winds,

 

 

ARREST DAVISIN RUSTINCASE

HE’S THE MAN MRS. RICE SAID
WAS TO KILL PHYSICIAN.

Pelice Enter Charge of “Suspicious Char-
acter’’ Against Him and Let Him Ge
Under 65,000 Bond—Had Often Tried
Suicide Before—Mrs, Rice's Pians,

Omana, Sept. 9.—Charles Edward Davis
was placed under arrest late this evening.
This is the first arrest in the Rustin mur-
der case, although more than a week has
elapsed since Dr. Rustin was found by
his wife sitting in a chair on his porch
dying from a bullet wound.

The revolver from which the fatal shot
was fired has not yet been discovered.

Davis is the “other man” with whom
Mrs. Rice testified Dr. Rustin had a com-
pact to give him enough poison to kill him-
self, in return for which the other man
was to shoot and kill Rustin before taking
the poison.

At the police station Davis was booked
simply as a suspicious character and was
released under $5,000 bail furnished by
his brother, Fred H. Davis, vice-president
of the First National Bank of Omaha. A
special session of the police court was ar-
ranged for Davis in order that, he might
not be locked up. Davis is a brother-in-
law of the late Herman Kountze, member
of the firm of Kountze Bros., bankers, of
New York.

The Coroner's jury after deliberating
two hours this afternoon returned the
following verdict in the case:

“We find that the late Frederick Rustin
came to his death by a gunshot wound

about 3:30 o'clock on Wednesday morn-
ing, September 2, at or near his resi-
denoe, 4108 Farnam street.

“We are clearly of the opinion that
the ahot was fired by some man with
the intention of producing death. Also
as to the manner or by whom the shot
was fired it is our opinion that the evidence
is too indefinite to ascertain, but we
recommend that the authorities con-
tinue to make a thorough investigation
as to the conduct of Charles Davis in con-
nection with the circumstances pertain-
ing to the death of Frederick Rustin,
and particularly about the time of the
shooting.”

The jury was not satisfied with the
examination of Davis, and after being
dismissed the foreman of the jury, Edward
said, “We wanted to have another

stand, but they did not seem to want to
recali him.

“We all felt that he knew more about
the case than he had told; that if he had

 

mendation that he be further investi-
ted.

The feature of this morning's eession of
the Inquést was the recall of Mrs. Rice,
who told yesterday the story of a triple
death compact, and some added details
which she gave to the Coroner's jury.

“Was there any partioular reason why
you wanted to die?” was the first ques-
tion asked her by the prosecutor.

“None in partioular. 1 was just tired
of living,” the woman replied.

“Where did. you get the morphine that
was found in your room?"

“Dr. Rustin gave it to me go that I could
kill myself.”

Mrs. Rice then calmly told of the in-
structions given her by Dr. Rustin asjto
just how much of the drug she should take
to cause death.

“He told me to take it after the other
man had killed him,” she said.

“Where'did you get the $10 you had?”
“Dr. Rustin gave it to me just before
leaving me for the last time. He aaid | |
might need it to pay my room rent before |

taking the poison.”

“How many times did you meet Davis
that last day?"

“Three times. The first time ‘was in
Dr. Rustin's office. The doctor had told
me the man whom he had arranged with
to be killed was coming.”

“Did you overhear Rustin and Davis
arranging for Rustin's death?”

“No,” Mrs. Rice declared.

“When did Rustin first tell you Davis
would kill him?”

“After 3 o’clock that last day. Dr.
Rustin also told me many times that
evening that all arrangements were made;
that Davis would shoot him, get away
with the gun and then take the poison
and die.”

“Did Rustin say what inducements
he held out to Davis to kill him?”

“Yes; that Rustin would furnish Davis
enough drugs to kill himself with. Dr.
Rustin said he had known for some time |

3
£
e
es
: 5
5
.
é
5
Fa FS FS ee8s FPR SIAEES 5h

|

 

he | that Davis wanted, to die and he could

arrange to get Davis to kill him first.” i

“Did Rustin say anything about pre-
venting the powder marks from showing?”

“Yes, when he was giving me instruo-
tions to shoot him he said I must stand
far enough back so that the powder
would not show on his clothes,

“What was Davis to do with the re-
volver?”

“Dr. Rustin never told me that. He
was to make way with it so no one could
find ite”

“Thut night, wren Dr. Rustin and I
got t) Thirty-ninth and Farnam streeta
we saw a man standing at Fortieth strect
and Farnam. We both thought it was
Davis waiting to kill Dr. Rustin. Dr. Rus-
tin said, ‘He is waiting to kill me now.’”

Other testimony introduced at the morn-
ing session tended to show that Mrs, Rice
had taken a street car before midnight
on the night of the death of Rustin. |

This corroborated the woman's story
that she had left Dr. Rustin at that hour.

Indications to-day are that Dr. Rustin’s
death failed of its purpose and that most
of the insurance icies to secure the
money on.which he died have lapsed and
are no longer in force. Only the day
before he died one policy for $10,000
lapsed because of non-payment of pre-
mium. Rustin had told the insurance’
agent to call at his office the following
day and he would make a reinstatement
application, but this came too late.

Another policy of $10,000 was allowed |
to lapse in June. Still another noe |

for $f0,000, an accident policy, would be

|

Continued on Second Page.

 

 

+ NEW YORK, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1908.—coprrions, 1008, ty The Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

EX-SENATOR HEADS LYNCHERS.|TAPT ANT) BRYAN MAY MERT

Sullivan of Mississippi! Boasts of Helping
to Mill a Negre..

Oxrorp, Mies., Sept. 9—William Van
Amberg Sullivan, once a United States
Senator for Mississippi, last night led a
mob that lynched Lawson Patton, a negro,
who had cut Mrs. M. M. Millan’s throat.

“I led the mob which lynched Patton
and I'm proud of it. I directed every
movement of the mob and I did every-
thing I could to seo that he was lynched,”
said the ex-Senator to-day. ;

“Cut a white woman's throat? And a
negro? -Of course I want him lynched.

“1 saw his body dangling from a tree
this morning and I’m glad of it.

“When I heard of the horrible crime
I started to work immediately to get a
mob. I did all I could to raise one. I
was at the jail last night and heard Judge
Roane advise against lynching. I got
up immediately after and urged the mob
to lynch Patton.

“I aroused the mob and directed them
to storm the jail.

“I had my revolver, but did not use it.
I gave it to a deputy sheriff and told
him to ‘shoot Patton and shoot to kill.’
He used the revolver and shot. I suppose
the bullets from my gun were some of
those that killed the negro.

“I don’t care what investigation is made
or what are the uences, I am
willing to stand them.

The ex-Senator is a lawyer, 51 years
of age, was elected to Congress in 1896,
and when Senator E. C. Walthall died, in
1898, was first appointed to succeed him
and then elected to serve the unexpired
term. His Senatorial career ended March
4, 1901.

PHILIP LILIENTHAL KILLED.

Son-in-Law of J. Seligman Victim of Auto
Accident in San Francisco.

San Francrsco, Gept. 9—Philip N.
Lilienthal, president of the Anglo-Cali-
fornia Bank and one of the most promi-
nent of San Francisco's capitalists, was
killed in an auto accident here late this
afternoon as he was returning from the
Gans-Nelson fight. ;

Lilienthal was in a large auto with
Gregory Wilenky and Ionao Warechansky,
two Polish capitalists who are visiting
the city.

Rounding a corner the auto ran into a
light buggy. The shook of the collision
evidently threw Lilienthal out of the ton-
neau, for when the horse was got to his
feet and it was found that no damage had
been done those in the automobile were
amazed to see Lilienthal! lying in the street.
Several ribs were broken and his hand
was badly bruised and he died before
reaching the hospital.

Lilienthal married a daughter of James
Seligman, the New York banker, and had
been prominent in the financial and socia!
life of San Francigoo for twenty years.

* a

FOUR°ALANMS IN BROOKLYN.

$150,060 Damage te a Cork Company's
Butiding—-Chief Creker There.

Fire started in the rear of the fourth
floor of a six story brick building at
552, 554 and 566 State street, near the
corner of Flatbush avenue, Brooklyn,
last night and quickly burned up through
the fifth and top floors. Four alarms
were turned in and Chief Croker sped
over from Manhattan and reached the
fire just before midnight. At that time
the three upper floors of the building
were a mass of flames,

The building is owned by Percy G.
Williams, the trical manager, and is
occupied by the Empire Cork Coeapaty.
So far as is known there was no one in
building at the time of the fire, which was
aoe first by a citizen, who sent in the

rm

Separated by a of some ten or
fifteen feet from the Cork company's
building is a row of four story brick res-
idences, and on the east, oe eee bya
similar space, is a four story building with
shops on the grown floor and living flats
above. In rear, facing Atlantic
avenue, is a line of three story tene-
ments. Il these buildings appeared
to be in t danger. The Long Island

 

 

 

| Railroad station is but a short distance

away,and the Fifth avenue elevated trains

|for a time ran almost under the burn-

ing building in a shower of sparks.

Soon after midnight the roof fell,
scattering embers on the roofs of sur-
rounding buildings, the elevated struct-
ure and the Long Island Railroad sta-
tion. The other buildings and the
elevated structure were wetted down and
the fire prevented from ger

The entire building was destroyed,
with a loss estimated at $150,000.

Police reserves from seven precincts
were called out to handle the crowds.

 

GEN. GRANT ENDS RIDING TEST.

Finishes the Ninety Mile Trip at the
Head of Officers, All Fresh.

BURLING TON, Vt., Sept. 9.—Gen. F. D.
Grant rode into Fort Ethan Allen this
afternoon at 2 o’oclook at the head of
fourteen field officera of the Department
of the East who have successfully passed
the three days endurance test, covering
ninety miles in twenty hours anda half,
Medica! examination on arrival showed
the officers had all stood the strain with-
out harm and that Gen. Grant was the

freshest of them,all. ,Two ie were

in camp on Grand Isle, where

ect weather and a. big moon added zest
to the outing.

Col. J. D. C. Hoskins of the Coast Ar-

tillery Cores at Fort Banks, Mass., will
y

o to Fort Myer, Va., next week and take
the test there. He was excused from
taking the test here.

Gen. Grant and aides left this afternoon
for, Plattsburg Barracks, N. Y. He is
the only department commander who
has taken charge of more than one test
this season, his fourth ride coming at
Fort Myer next week. :

ODD CHARGE OF EXTORTION.

Man In Jalil for Threatening to Set Fire
te Timber on Mount Whiteface,

Lake Pracip, N. Y., Sept. 9.—A threat
to set a fire which would have swept
Mount Whiteface bare of timber was the

method which it is charged John St. Clair
of Bloomingdale, N. Y., employed to ex-

a re See Ee cecimany at Ane
wrote ; : rs Company at Au-
Forks commenting the immediate
pa nt of $200, a that if it were
no Sores he by id oy one. the
oom ‘a ngs 0) ut 15,000 acres
of heavil bered tab on the sides
of Moun teface. As @ means
apprehending the would-be incendiary
a chook for $100 was gent him and when
he called for and attempted to cash it
he was arrested and lodged in the Eliza-
bethtown jail.

Two hours quicker to Florida and Atian
ra Air Live shortens schedule Sept. x

1163 Broadway .— Ads.

 

a

 

BOTH TO ADDRESS DEEP WATER-
_WAYS CONVENTION.

Taft Will Probably Take Advantage of
Chicage Visit to Make a Political
Speech, and Bryan May Fellow 6uit
~—Geo. B. Cox Aboard Band Wagen.

Cincinnati, Sept. 9.—Mr. Taft and
Mr. Bryan will pobably meet in Chicago
early in October. Mr. Taft acoepted
an invitation to-day to open the annual
convention of the Lake and Gulf Deep
Waterway Association there on October
7, and Mr. Bryan has consented to de-
liver the closing speech on October 9.

Mr. Bryan gave his consent on the
condition that Mr. Taft should speak
also and that he, Bryan, should deliver
the last speech. Mr. Bryan stipulated
further that no announcement of his
acceptance should be made until Mr.
Taft's consent to appear at the conven-
tion had been obtained.

Mr. Taft by October 7 will have started
out on his stumping tour, but he gaid
to-day that he would arrange his itiner-
ary so as not to conflict with the Chicago
engagement.

As a matter of fact Mr. Taft will prob-
ably take advantage of the trip to Chi-

WILD AUTO HITS HOTEL.

Cumberland Diners Do Not Relish the
Interruption—Ne Damage.

A big automobile ran wild out of the
Gyroscope Automobile Company's garage
at 285 West Fifty-fourth street last night.
A machinist who was toying with the
auto started it up without knowing what
he was doing. The auto went through a
glass door and landed against the Hotel
Cumberland, across the street. It hit
the restaurant wall and the diners didn’t
approve of the interruption. Before any
damagé had been done an alert machinist
shut off the power.

 

WILHELMINA VERY WEAK.

Approaching Maternity Causes Anxicty
for the Queen of Holland,
Spectat Cable Despatch to Ta SUN.

Tre Haave, Sept. 9.—Queen Wilhel-
mina has been unable to leave her bed
for séveral days and is very weak. There
is much anxiety on account of the Queen's
pregnancy.

The newspapers say that Prof. Kouwer,
the celebrated gynecologist of Utrecht
University, has been at Het Loo, the
royal castle, to confer with the Queen's

physicians.
WILL NOZ RUN FOR GOVERNOR.

Judge Parker Says It Is His Desire Never
Again to Hold Public Office.

Wasuinaton, Sept. 9.—Before leaving

cago to deliver a political address there | washington for New York this afternoon

also, and in that event Bryan will un-
doubtedly follow svit.

The delegation which called on Mr.
Taft to-day was made up of prominent
Chicago and St. Louis business men,
including William K. Kavanaugh, the
president of the association; Festus J.
Wade, president of the Mercantile Trust
Company of St. Louis, and Cyrus B. Wal-
bridge, former Mayor of St. Louis,

The indorsement of the deep waterway
project by the national leaders of both
political parties will take it entirely out of
political discussion and will make it im-
possible for either candidate to make
capital of it. That was one of the pur-
poses sought by the association in in-
viting the candidates.

This question of inland waterway im-
provement was indorsed at the meeting
of Governors called by President Roose-
velt last winter, and Mr. Bryan was one of
the five “distinguished citizens’ invited
to attend that conference.

George B. Cox, Cincinnati's Republican
boss, has had himself appointed to a
committee that plans to help Mr. Taft run
his campaign in Hamilton county. Not
only did Cox have himself named on the
committee, but he added two of his trusty
lieutenants, Garry Herrmann, who ‘s tho
boss's manager of the county machine,
and Rud K. Hynicka, who looks after
things in the city organization. The
naming of this committee. wes one. of the
first pieces of news that the candidate got
upon his arrival at the executive offices
in the Hotel Sinton to-day. The com-
mittee was named at a meeting of the
Republican county committee which in-
structed the Cox-Herrmann-Hynicka tri-
umvirate to do everything they could
to promote the Taft candidacy in Ham-
ilton county. Of course this George B.
Cox is the very same George B. Cox that
Mr. Taft skinned alive in his speech at
Akron, Ohio, in 1904, That speech lost
Cox his control in Cincinnati, but he has
risen to the top again since then.

Cox lined up with the Taft forces in |
the ante-convention fight, but it was said
then that he did this only to save his own
bacon and to ward off a fight which he
knew Charles P. Taft with his eat/thone |
and his newspapers would make against
him. Since the convention there have
been rumors of indifference on the part
of the Cox machine to the Taft candidacy |
and stories that the Cox men were willing, |
on account of the Republican espousal of
the dry side of the liquor question in the
State campaign, to let Hamilton county
go to the Democrats by default. The ap-
pointment of the Cox-Herrmann-Hynicka
outfit is apparently a play on the boss's
part to show that he really has his shirt
sleeves up and means business in sup-
porting the Taft candidacy. Cox him-
self isn't certain what part his committee |
could possibly take in the campaign. |

“I am going to have a talk with Judge
Taft in a day or two,” he said, “and find
out what he would like to have us do.”

Apparently Mr. Taft will not need the |
active services of the committee, at least

Judge Alton B. Parker commented on a
report that he would be willing to make
the race for Governor of New York on the
Democratic ticket. Referring to a de-
spatch sent out from Washington last
night he said:

“I am not willing to run for Governor
|of New York. I did not fedl that the
situation and the question presented
justified me in saying more than that.
It is my desire never again to hold publio
office. My friends I felt would under-
stand that I said precisely what I meant
and my answer was intended to inform
them and no one else.”

JAIL FOR STOPPING FUNERAL,

Union Man Senteficed fer Interfering
With Non-Union Ceremony,

ALBANY, Sept. 9.—For ihterfering with
a funeral because tho driver of the hearse
was a non-union man Recorder Frost
to-day sentenced John Fahey, a union
man, to two months imprisonment in the
Albany Penitentiary, There will be an
appeal and Fahey will be admitted to
bail. Because the union drivers of the
carriages stopped after the funeral cor-
¢>ge had started from the house the funeral
procession was stalled on the public street
until the undertaker secured another
hearse with a union driver and trans-
ferred the coffin.

ARTIST URY ROBBED.

Seryant--fiad Made Acquaintance of
Young Man Who Is Arrested.

A. Mueller Ury, the artist who painted
a picture of the Pope a year ago, |s the
complainant against a man who was
locked ‘up at Police (Headquarters last
night charged with the larceny of $600
worth of jewelry and silverware from Mr.
Ury’s apartments in the studio building
at 83 West Sixty-seventh street while
Mr. Ury was in Europe this summer.

Mr. Ury went abroad in April, leaving
his apartments in charge of a servant,
Annie Moran. On May 24 the servant,
according to a story she told the police,
met in Central Park a man who said he
was William A. Perkins, 28 years old, a
law clerk, living in the studio building.

 

 

!

twelve hours Mr. Wright had twice brokea

PRICE TWO CENTS

BREAKS ALL AIR

     

FLIGHT RECORDS

 

Orville Wright Proves Himself
the Master Aviator of
the World, ©

 

2 RECORD BREAKING TRIPS

 

Leon Delagrange’s Flight in
France of 29 Minutes and
54 Seconds Exceeded.

 

‘

In the Morning Wrigtt Fites 57 Minutes
and 31 Seconds at an Average Speed
of 38 Miles an Hour, Circling the
Grounds 538 Times—In the After
noon He Remains in the Air l Heur
2 Minutes and 15 Seconds—Then He
Makes the Longest Fiight Ever Mado.

by an Aeroplane With Two Passengers.

—Could Have Remained tn the Air
Much Longer Had He Desired to,

WasHINGTON, Sept. 9.—Over the paratie
ground at Fort Myer, Va., to-day Orville
Wright smashed all records for con-
tinuous flight in heavier than air ma
chines and proved himself the master
aviator of the world. Early this morn
ing he began by. wiping out the record
of 29 minutes and 54 4-5 seconds made
by Leon Delagrange, president of the
Aviation Club of France; then he broke
the next record, made by his brother,
Wilbur Wright, in Dayton several years
ago, when he flew 38 minutes. Orville
Wright ‘kept on flying and placed the
record at 57 minutes and 81 seconds.

Late this afternoon Mr. Wright started
on another record breaking trip and
remained in the air 1 hour 2 minutes and
15 seconds. Then he made a descent
within fifty feet of his starting point, took
aboard Lieut. Frank P. Dahm of the army
signal corps asa passenger and remained
up for 6 minutes and 26 seconds, which
ia the longest flight ever made by am:
aeroplane. with two. passengers, Within ©

the world’s record for continuous flight
by one person and almost doubled the
record for a two ‘passénger aeroplane.

He not only broke the endurance record ~

but has placed it so high that it may re- .
main unequalled for some time.

In. both flights Mr. Wright could have
remained longer in the air had he de-
sired to do so. His first question on
descénding from the morning trip was’
“How long was I in the air?” When
told that he was up 57 minutes and SI,
seconds he remarked: “If I had known
the time I would have completed the hour
at least.” This afternoon he fastened

Perkins, the servant said, called on her|a watch on the machine where he could’

several times in Mr. Ury's apartments.
Mr. Ury returned on September 5 and
questioned the servant.
the Perkins incident and Mr. Ury noti-
fied the police. They got the servant to

| telephone to Perkins to meet, her at, Six-

-fifth street and Central Park West last
night and they arrested him.
The detectives say he admitted the

see the time. The fuel had not given out,
nor had the bearings of the engine be.’

She told about | come overheated.

As soon as he arrived at Fort Myer
early this morning Mr. Wright realized
that the air conditions for aeronautic
work ‘were ideal and he determined to
make the most of the opportunity. The
sky was perfectly clear, and though @

thefts and told where he had pawned the | trifle hot there was not a breath of wind.

goods.
GERMANY WILL SAY “NO”

France-Spanish Note Would Tend to
Make Mulai Hafid a French Vassal.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Lonpvon, Sept. 10.—The Rerlin corre-
spondent of the Daily Moil asserts that it
has high authority for saying that Germany
has already definitely decided to meet with
an unequivocal negative the Franoo-

It

 

|

|
|
|

in connection with a front porch work. | Spanish note outlining the conditions for |

The candidat id he presumed th -|the recognition of Mulai Hafid as Sultan |
Fe erat tnten te’ bats al aa i jof 58 complete circuits, and at 0:22

mittee had been appointed to help on}
the local end of the front porch cam-
paign, but as that campaign has been
abandoned and he will go out on the
stump the candidate could not see thgt
there was any need for the committee.

Among the callers at the executive
office to-day was Congressman Nicholas
Longworth. He will go out on the stump
under the direction of the national com-
mittee.

Marcus Braun, inspector of immigration
in New York, was another visitor. ~Mr. |
Braun was brim full of enthusiasm. He |
had just come from California and he
was willing to give his word for it that
Taft would carry every State that Roose-
velt did. Marous added, with a cautious
glance Oyster Bayward: “However, I
haven't bothered with politics. being a
civil service employee of the United
States Government.”

Mr. Taft will probably bar local com-
mittees from his train when he starts
out on his campaign trip. His experience
in crossing Ohio has taught him that
there is absolutely no rest for the weary
while the local committee is on the job.
The local Republican lights swarmed
into the Taft car like bees on the way
from Sandusky to Cincinnati. Mr. Taft
half the time had scarcely room to tura
around, and as for any opportunity to
think over what he was going to say in
his speeches, that was impossible. One
town of 500 sent a committee of about
thirty into the car. Mr. Roosevelt in
his campaigning found it necessary to
repress the local committees and it is
eaid that Bryan has had a similar ex-
peitence.

The execu tive offices, which were opened
here to-day on the eighth floor of the
Hotel Sinton, consist of six rooms. Arthur
I.. Vorya, Mr. Taft's chief of staff, has an
office in the suite. The candidate will
be in the offices most of each day when
he is in town.

HAHN'S Restacrant, —_ Row Bidg.
surroundings.

ees, oe

 

 

 

of Morocco if the note should suggest
that he be compelled to accept conditions
“which would make him a French vassal
from the outset of his reign.”

The Government's fears of such con-
ditions rest in the belief that France
wishes to compel Mulai Hafid to become
responsible for certain financial obliga-
tions incurred by Abdul Aziz and the coat
of the French military operations in
Morocco.

MAKING NIG HT BALLOON TRIP

Chas, J. Glidden and Prof, Clayton Went
Up Just After Midnight.

SPRINGFIELD, Mass., Sept. 10.—Charles
J. Glidden, acoompanied by Prof. H. H.
Clayton of the Blue Hill Observatory,
made a balloon ascension shortly after
midnight, Prof. Clayton having with
him instruments for astronomical ob-
servations.

In spite of the hour a crowd of 8,000
gathered to witness the ascension and
when the ropes were cast off at 12:40 A. M.
there was much cheering.

The balloon took a northeasterly course
and could be eeen for nearly a half mile.
The moon made the night very light and
the weather conditions were perfect.

Mr. Gliddon and Prof. Clayton expect
to remain in the air until after sunrise
and hope to cross into Maine, a distance
of 100 miles.

‘To-night’s trip is preliminary to one
which Prof. Clayton and Mr, Gildden
lan to make from St. Louis or Omaha
fn an effort to beat the world’s distance
record of 1,205 miles made by Count De
La Vauix of Paris.

Trip From sing Sing for Convict Banker.

David Rothschild, who was president
pgp ange 109 tential dig Lge
in Sing Sing for , was brought
from Ez to the Tombs Sametee
He was questioned by acting District
Attorney 1 in relation to a commercial
transaction which the District Attorney's
office has been pet : for some

time. Mr. Kresel said thought
Rothschild would be able to assist

District Attorney in clearing up the case.

 

 

as

stirring. The aeroplane was quickly
placed on the starting track for the be-
ginning of the flight. The engine was:
given a preliminary trial and every thing,
was found to be working smoothly.

At 8:25 o’clock Mr. Wright climbed
into his seat and slipped the wire that

«
%:

4

¢ ae
se At ee

¥

~

;
©

 

held the heavy launching weights in’)

suspension. The, machine sped along,
the track and rose gracefully into the

air. Mr. Wright manwuvred his machine.

with ease. He made large and small
circles over the parade ground, a total

he etopped the engine and glided to
earth near his starting point. Mr.-.
Wright said he did not know how long
he had been in the air, but supposed it
was about forty minutes. He descended,
he said, because he was afraid that the
bearings of the engine had become overs .
heated. There was, he added, plenty. of.
fuel left and he could have remained in
the air much longer. The average speed
was 38 miles an hour.

The news of Mr. Wright’s phenomenal
achievement had been well scattered .
about Washington, and there was a large
crowd this afternoon when the second ;
record breaking flight was begun. There
were present Secretary of War Luke E,
Wright, Secretary of the Navy Victor F.
Metcalf, Secretary of Oommerce and
Labor Oscar 8. Straus, Lieut.-Gen. Nelson
A. Miles, retired, who was president of the
Army Fortifications Board when appro-
priations were made several years ago
for Prof. Langley’s , serodrome experi-
ments, and many less prominent epecta-

tors.

The second flight began at 5:18 o'clock,
The aeroplane rose as soon as it left the
monorail and

wide circuits over the parade ground,

Although subjected to a heavy strain’ -

at the morning trial the little engine _

sputtered -with remarkable regularity”
and apparently did not miss an
during the whole flight. Some of. the
circles were small and the machine re-
mained well within the limits of the parade
ground. In other circuits, however,
the machine ‘took a wide course and
passed over the launching apparatus,
the artillery stables and the aeroplane
shed, which is on the edge of the parade
ground, On the long stretches between
the turns the aeroplane travelled on an
even'keel and there was no dipping or
unsteady swerving. The aviator had
absolute control at all times and oocagion-
ally he waved his hand as he passed over
the crowd of spectators.

After making fifty-five circuits in one

A)

a

ee

Mr. Wright began the © %

ee

Pt Te ee 2