——_-- =

BOSS CROKER’S “AMBITION.

uKvixne DESIRE TO DEFEAT

B
HAs A ATt'S TICKET.

o Defeat Odell to Ponish Platt for
intmeat of the Mazet Committeos
to Bie t a United states
A Stirring Campalga,
Th: Hon Richard Croker,
¢ jammany Hall has let it be know)
ste friends here that he re-
tae pext State election as of the most
. rtanee to ‘Tanunany Halil and the

; in the State, and he has
t it ts his purpose to work

He Desire® t
the AvP?
—He Also Desire

senator |# 19005

pATOUA Seto
ohieitain

} at in tin

rvy

 

 

 

+ 7 7 th the utsnost energy from
Meee ect » for success at the polls
aor svat there may b* a fair chance of
ne et , he covets, Mr. Croker has

ae h vind that every effort must be
oe OP a? yo toe factions of the party,
made ve sya phout ne is willing to make
and t se the recognition of David

: ila ‘ cte Jeader and the nomination
= i s Colerof New Yor! for Gove

tooonly things that Mr, Croker
¢ his ri against re solutely Any other

r 7 the state Democrats
- ’ . fort . of the statesman of
7 vy demand they may have
. Mr CT ra advisers say is true
ty oe to Democrats who have had long

, - oth Mr. Croker regarding
Hy oa Stats, he has in his heart a
gee { 1 United States Seni
Se a a © Platt for the bumutation to

put last year by the

a iavetigsl Comunities. Mr, Croker
; { re ven sonstor Platt and the Re
inged the appointment of the

He has frequeotly spoken

na ; ‘the investigation and has told
Aly hat if the opportunity ev er rises,
; reate wy will have revenge for
Z a ypon him and his organization
. fthe Mazet Committee has been
it » not only by the Republicans, but
per’ tt and Mr Coler, both
of . have written deprecatingly
7 ere sin in politics.” To accom-
aI . desire Mr. Croker has set his heart
e 7 a dé Chairman Benjamin B. Odell,
\ f the Re ican State Committee in the
; tat for Gov r Mr. Croker takes into
- tMr Od Meial post in the Repub-
7 ciate ovganization, and argues that his
: te w in more to the Republicans |
of the State than w iid the defeat of a man
Hike Theodore Ro« cevelt, who was not @n @o-
tive mowober of the « rganization when he re
coined mination for Governor Mr,
Croker has sald to his friends that Senator
Plat iid take the defeat of Mr. Odell more

  

ay he would that of any other man

 

 
 

ple Republicans could have nominated,
bevanse Mr. Odell ts the head of the State Com-

ttee, and a man on whose advice Senator
Plat’ places great reilance So Mr. Croker
is willing to do anrthing, except the things
wt ha aays ue believes would lead to the
al ion of Taramany Hall, to order to bring

his defeat

rhe Tammany chieftain sent two, at least, of
jjeutenants in whom he places the

the political
greatest share {iis confidence ona tour through |
the State during the latter part of August and

wder that he might have re-

  

 

fn this tr h

ports of the ai ion In whieh he could place

absolute contidence. These men were Cor
ration Counsel John W halen, who has been

very close to Mr. Croker ever since he returned
from Engand,and John Rhiele, who is known
in Tammany Ha ‘the Sheriff maker,” because
of the great success he has had In arranging
m Both of them have
f the last three weeks in

ae

for this ve

agus
t a good part

 

 

 

 

the political pulae in various parts
of mmonwealth for the purpose of report-
{ng to Mr. Croker personally so that he woud
be able to make up his mind Just what can be
a him it may be added that nouwe of
the Tammany leaders places much confidence
io the reports of conditions which are made by
the state Committee observers for the reason

that they distrust the agente of ex-Senator
Hul Whatever the reports made to Mr. Croker
by Mr Whalen, Mr. Ridele and others may
have been, it is a fact that Mr Croker has in-
formed al] bis friends that, in his Judgment,
Bryan and Stevenson will carry New York
Btate, and has told them to bet on this. Some
ef them are not hurrying to follow his advice,
for they took it in 1898 and bet on Van Wyck
against Roosevelt: but Mr Croker is very con-
fideot. He has promised to give a plurality
of 100,000 for the national ticket below the
bridge

Mr. Croker reasons that if he can bring about

 

 

 

    

 

the defeat of the Ren iblican State ticket, he
Will be able to accompli the humiliation
of Senator Platt and all the militant Repub.
loans low him, because of the friendly
artitud f thern toward Mr. Odell Be-
tides (his repaying Mr. Platt for what he has
called the “outrageous Mazet Committee," |
Mr. Croker has in view the State election of
142. At that election a Legislature will be
chosen which will elect Senator Platt’s suc-

| City in July

is already in the bank, ready to be spent. The
organivation will pot allow ita account to be
overdrawn, either. Anyway, Mr. Croker is
going to work as hard to bring about Demo-
cratic success in the State ticket as he har
worked to clip the wings of Bird 8. Coler and
to hurniliate David B. Hill

TAMMANY CONGRESS CANDIDATES,

Levy, Chanler an@ Roppert Ma) Be Turned
Down—O, i, P, Belmont Agatost ©, Vanderbilc.

Sanatoaa, Sept. 9—Among the Tammany
men who have come up here to help Richard
Croker in his demonstration of his complete
niastery of the Democratic party in New York
State there are a number who, while waiting
the word from headquarters a» to the can-
didate for Governor, are spending thelr time
in talking about the uominees for Congress
this fall Several of the fammany Represent-
utives are to be turned down because they
voted for the Republican currency measure
at he last seasion of Congress. Jefferson M
Levy, who hadn't been elected a week before
he was a candidate for the Speakership; William
Astor Chanler, the explorer-politician, and
Jacob Ruppert, who refused to run for Comp-
troller in 1897, are three who will fall by the
wayside, according to the talk here to-night.
Justice Lleury M. Goldfogle |* talked of as
the successor of Congressman Bradley, who will
not get a renomination this fall. Bradley's

OT rr et er

THE

date, Martin &. Glynn of Albany is out against

       
     

 

‘Mr, Saunders for the nomination for Comp-

troller, fle was first in the field and his personal
friends are very earnest about his candidacy.

For State Treasurer the name of Guy A
Clark is mentioned. He is the cashier of the
Farlville Bank in Madison county, and this, his
friends declare, would make him an excellent
nominee for the office Assemblyman Gecree
M. Palmer of Scoharie has two seta of friends,
one of which is composed of men who want
him in second place on th» ticket, the other
belag composed of those who wish to see him
nominated for Attorney-General. William
ii. Clark of Binghamton is an aspirant
for the Attorney-Generalship, too George
W
of CAinton have friends who want to see them
nominated for State Treasurer.

PRAPTING TUE PLATFORM,

It Will Not Ke Even Sabmiited to Mr. HIM
Refore It Is Read tn the Convention,

SaRaTOGA, Sept. 6—The Tammany states-
men bave been struggling to weid a platform
into shape for several days and this morning
got down to work in real earnest, Senator
Thomas F. Grady and Judge Augustus Van
Wyck were at work upon the several planks

| all the morning and afternoon, and held fre-

downfall is not due to his attitude on any legia- |

lative measure, however; he will be placed on
theshef for other reasons ‘ustics Gold-
fogle's friends say that he has delegates enough
already to make his nomination a certainty

The Tammany stateamen say that they are
certain that the Republicans will nominate
young Coroelius Vanderbilt for Congress, and
they have a grand scheme for his undoing
which looks to the nomination of O H. P. Bel-
mont in the same district. The Tammany
men say that there would be a pecullar tnter-
est tu a race for Congress between two million-
alres, and that the contest between Mr. Be!l-
mont and Mr Vanderbilt would be of more
irterest than a fight between any other two
men for various reasons. Mr. Belmont has
been expected to run tn the district which
includes the habitanta of the Engels and the
Sullivans, and the followers of those distin-
guished statesmen have been walting to wel-
come him with outstretched hands

Congressman Ruppert has been mentioned
for one of the minor places on the State ticket,
but it is said positively that he will not be re-
turned to Congress. Assemblyman Egan haa
been selected for the nomination, but J. Ed-
ward Jetter, one of theCommissioners of Munio-
ipal Statistios, has been nursing a boom which
has begun to attract attention. Mr. Ruppert
is up here to look after his interests. Mr. Jet-
ter will also be on the ground to see that no
damage is done to his chanows wiiuout his con-
sent

Congressman Willlam Sulzer ts also here.
It is not known what he is a candidate for.
His friends said last evening that Mr. Sulzer
would be willing to allow his name to go belore
the convention for Governor if he thought that
{t would bring about harmony and promote
the interests of the party, and the nomination
would come to him unanimously. Mr. Sulzer
has not attracted as much attention here this
year as he did in Syracuse {n 1808, or in Kansas
He !s in excellent health. He
has been through New York State examining
the political situation with care and calmness.
In conversation this evening he stated posi-
tively that the election on Nov. 6 was going to
astonish some of the political wise men. Mr
Sulzer has been feeling the pulse of the people,
who are his especial charge, and thetreondition,
he says, is satisfactory. Mr. Sulzer wil! accept
a renomination for Congress tf one ts offered
to him.

THINKS VAN WYCK MAY BE REWOVED,

Croker Is, Therefore, Much tn the Society of
President Guggenheimer.

SaRaTooa, Sept. 9-—Tammany men fe
marked frequéntly to-day that during the past
two weeks President Randolph Guggenheimer
of the Council had been much fn the society of
Richard Croker, and they declared with much
positiveness that the reason for this lay in Mr
Croker’s belief that Mr. Guagenheimer might
become Mayor of New York because of the
removal of Robert A. Van Wyck after invest-
gation of the Ice Trust charges now pending
against him. In other worda, Mr. Croker \*
said to be convinced that there is @ prospect
of the removal of Van Wyck. ‘The charges
against the Mayor, according to Mr. Croker'’s
friends, have impressed the Tammany lrader
as being of acharacter that cannot be explained
away easily, and it was declared to-day that
Mr. Croker would not be the most astonished
man in the city if after a hearing Mayor Van

Wyck should be put out of office by the Gov- |

ernor. This being his view of the case, it was
said that he was glad of the opportunity to
cultivate more intimate relations with Presi-
dent Guggenheimer, who will under the charter
become acting Mayor in case of the removal
or suspension of Van Wyck

Mr. Guggenheimer has been acting Mayor
three times during Mayor Van Wyck’s annual
vacations and once during the Mayor's famous
trip to the Maine loehouses of the loe Trust

| with his fellow proprietors therein, John F

Carroll and President Morse. A good many
Tammany leaders like Mr. Guggenheimer,
They say that such letters as he wrote last
month to Commissioner of Highways Keating,
in regard to the torn-up condition of Forty~
second street had an excellent effect upon the
public, while they might be understood per-
fectly by those on the inside. Any) w, Mr

' Croker has Mr. Guegenheimer with him @ great

cessor, Mr. Croker has his eye on the seat.
He would regard it as a vindication against
&u the charges which have been brought against
hin if ha eould be elected to the Sen.
ate, and he would enjoy the honor |
and distine:ion particularly if It carried |
wth it the defeat of Senator Platt
himself should he be a candidate
for Teéection, Besides these considerations
Mr Croker js anxious to demonstrate to the
country Democrats that he ts not the bad man |
tut has oeen held up before them. Mr
Croker, acoording to |.ls friends, realizes keenly
the disiike and lack of confidence which Demo-

erats north of the Harlem River have for him
foe ,
He foels tuat thay have a very unfair and un-

Suet iden of
eilst idea of tum and his friends, and he would
be glad of an

pportunity to demonstrate to
thera that he is not a monster as they have been
led to beieve It is known that Mr, Croker
feos very daanty the sentiment which is ex-
Preset by more than one up-State leader of
, . ‘Wehate only one thing

“at

 

“an, that is Croker and
er onee remarked Jocu-
Wanted to make a #peech up

sed that he would be obliged
a carriage to save his life
Al-
§ to Joke about it, the exist-
*Seutiment is strongly resented by

 

iin
Ond protect hin

“ll. from
{hough he afle +

the residents,

eee of the

 

 

 

 

a? here is another reason why Mr. Croker de-
a : ge ratic suceess this fall; it grows out
tis tly tl Con malt ee Mr. Croker is ex.
is s of setting an investigating
a iar dig r the Republicans, and he wants
b Whe anch of the Leais'ature to do
ines d eect a State ticket he is con-
Keb . r vould be some way to uring
os teermined, if it is possible,
a ou. ‘ ‘the Legislature and go after
SieeiPakcre particularly the Ate
rr ‘ Mr. Croker is anxious
i we things at He has told his
the » 4 b st bend every effort to
haa ‘ @ ticket Now tha! he
s ‘ as naptroller Coler
scin and Mr er believes that no
aah Mr Coler after the explra-
he f oMlce--and has, as
SS hie kad out Mr. Hill,
v7 ar Ay and success
7 e> that the whole burden
bis Ae * oldu to rest on him and
wi successful all the eredit
ie. bid that if itis not suceass-
Ws kedt ’ fer all the blame
ate vd we it his boast tha: he never lost
Va ‘ : view he managed the
joao ‘ keh personally and lost He
dum spect e defeat again He
and : A scaAige In tilie campaign he
oa Uiyell for harmony and shoul-
They an i fhitvg from the beginning
and ete t1 The money that they can use
the irawon when the present treasure
tung hi oe 7 y z by we { he . Tammany war
MS ilicee 5 , ighs of Manhattan and
Bd Gore * Hits to $300 an election district,
ik, it was declared yesterday,

deal and the reason ascribed for this by Tam-
many men ia that Mr Croker wont be as
tounded if Mayor Van Wyck is kicked out by
the Governor, Mr Guggenheimer accom-
panied Mr. Croker to Saratoga to-day

 

THR MINOR STATE OFFICES,

 

Candidates for Nearly Every Place om the
Demuvcratic State Ticker,

SaraToaa, Sept. 9—Most of the eminent
statesmen who are in Saratoga now are so busy
saying unpleasant things about each other
an the aspirants for the nomination for Gov-
ernor that they have not much timo to talk
about other matters, but once In a while they
take a few minutes to boom some ambitious
young man for one of the minor offices on the
State ticket, Thus the Hon Murray Dan-
nenbaum came to town this morning on the
train with the Hon, Richard Croker and at once
began to sound the praises « f Samuel Saunders
aa an aspirant for the nomination of Comp-
Mr. Dannenbaum sai. that Mr, Saun-
pure young man, a member
one who woull

troller,
dera was agoodan:
of the Democratic Club an
make an excellent Comptroller. One of the
Tammany men here aske | him if he thought
that Mr. Saunders could command the united

| support of the Kniehts of Columbus and the

A O.H, and then warned him to be very care-
ful, because if he enid “ves” his candidate would
he knocked politically, and if he said “no” there
would be no hope of his getting the nomina-
tion. The bia mon of the party were al!
busy discussing Mr. Croker and his friends
that they had no time to apend over the little
ones so there was @ great crop of booms in
the corridor of the Grand Union, 89 numerous
that any taste could be satisiied The friends
of Jobn A. Norton of Troy, who was the (ome
porary chairman of the State convention held
in May in the Academy of Music, New York
elty delewaies to the National Cone
vention, believe that he would ua good
rian for a similar office in this week's conven-
tion and that he should be still further honored
nomination for Seeretary of

80

to elect
be

by receiving the
State

The friends of Prof. Lee of Cornell University
have been / round saying that he would make
an excellent candidate for Secretary of State,
too, and they say that thew are going to v ork
for him as soon as thes get (ime to turn around,

For Lieutenant-Goveror ol, William A,
Rowe of Troy has been mentioned by his friends,
Troy is ex-l nited States Senator Edward
Murphy, Jr."s, home, and he says that Col. Kowa,

who served on Gov. Flower's staff,jis not acandi- , day.

i but he

| shipa are not alway

quent conferences with Mr, Croker, Mr, Murphy
and Mr. Shoviin whenever they came acToss @
subject which they were at a loss how to treat,
The question a6 to what now constituted State
issues was a subject which called for lengthy
consideration, and the State platforms as far
back as Tilden's were delved into,

Those familiar with past State platforms of
the party will find a plank here and there cov-
ering a questioa treated heretofore in State
platforms revamped for use in the platform
of the Democratic State Convention of Tues-
day next The two ‘Tammany statesmen
mentioned struggled with the party declara-
tien of principles all day until late this alter-
noon, when National Committeeman Norman
E. Mack of Buffalo was enlled into conterence
(ater in (he evening a further session was held
which lasted until early morning, when It was
found necessary (>
poration Counsel John Whalen. Then the
quartette came down to real hard work and,
shedding their coats, handled the various
planks in their shirteleeves in an endeavor to
round them off to the satisfaction of the party
leaders

Platform making is new to the present party
managers. No matter how much they have
attempted to curb ex-Senator Hill's influence
in directing party nominations in the past
few years, they have always considered it
within the special province of Mr. Hill to frame
the platform; but things have changed now,
and for the first time since 188 a Democratic
State platform will be promulgated with which
Mr. Ol will have nothing whatever to do.
It will not even be submitted to him for in-
spection before it is read to the convention,
and he will be as mich in the dark as to ita
contente na any rank outsider. A tentative
platform will be ready to submit to Mr. Croker,
Mr. Murphy and Mr. Shevlin to-morrow, when
it will be finally passed upon

To-night this document contemplates a
strong {indorsement of the Kansas City can-
didates and platform, with a special reference
to the “paramount” issue of imperialism Mr
Mack said to-night that all that was desired
by the silver people was a general indorse-
ment of the Kansas City platform, without
any special reference to the crime of 1878 or to
1@to1. The platform makers are endeavoring
to frame strong State planks with the poor
material at their command, but find it uphill
work For instance, a tentative plank apecifi-
cally calls for the repeal of the Ramapo charter,
and another deals with the trust question
It was thought that Corporation Counsel Whalen
would be competent to deal with the first and
Judge Van Wyck with the second of there
planks. And so the work was p&rcelled out
as the various State “issues” came up for con-
sideraton

The Democratic leadera think they have
constructed a strong plank in favor of the canals
and their improvement The Republican State
administrations of the Past six ye irs, of course,
are condemned and compared with Tammany
government of New York city, naturally to
the credit of the latter Special reference Is
made to these legislative meas: aimed
toward honest elections and better government
in New York city. Senator Grady, the Tam-
many leader in the State Senate, is amply able
to deal with these questions to the satisfaction
of Mr. Croker. Mayor James K, McGuire of
Syracuse, who says he was persecuted before
an Onondaga Grand Jury solely for political
effect, has sucgested a plank which he says
“deprecates the prostitution of the purposes
for which a jury ®) was (stablished.”
The platform will endeavor to belittle the work
of Republican statesmen who helped frame
the tax measures which have brought so much
indirect revenue into the State Treasury during
the past six years.

res

stem

 

COLER A AUMBLG, SAYS CROKER.

 

Sought Tammoany's li stility as Campaign Cap-
itel-Got tt Hard.
This statement by Richard Croker about
Mr. Coler’s candidacy was made on Saturday
to a reporter of the Brooklyn Bagle:

“I have just been placed in possession of

some information which the public ts clearly | and his choice for the exalted position of chair-

Coler |

eutitled to. Several months ago Mr.
was naked whether he had any aspirations
fortheGovernorship. Atfirsthe was indefinite
finally admitted that he had perfectly
clear ideas upon the subject, tle explained,
that, in his judeme no Demoerat to whom
Tammany was known to be “ric idly could earry
ihe State of New York, Tle added that he
looked upon Tammany hostility as a factor
‘ly to commend him to the Democratic voters
the State, further explaining Tammany
yval to any tleket nominated, Now
ente of duty comes

  

 

of
would be |
let us see where the high

in, Let us seecif we can find in the programme
he maps out for himself anything suggestive
of a lofty motive,

“He wanted the Governorship There can
be no mistake about that now... Gcverner-

to be had for the ask-
ing, even br these who say they are op posed
to commercialism in politics Vetere as well
as conventions have to he taken into account.
Hearing what | have said clearly in mind,
you will underetand everything that has hap-
en dsines. Mr. Coler expressed the belief that
Fam nany triencship, be ore and in the cone
vention, would be a handicap after the nom-
inations had been made. You can see, as clearly
ax J do, that subsequent events harmonized
with his plan of campaign.

“He was not opposed to Tammany, nor was
Tammany necessarily opposed to him, But
Tammany, opposi ion was one of his trump
earda, and he drew it from the pack. You
know how he did it. He selected me as the
tarcet to show the peonle of the State how
supertor he wastoTammany methods. Hehad
arpolited Tamina men to offices, and some
of the men Laramany had recommer ded are
his moat effective supporters, bul that is neither
here nor there. Essential to his nitimate sue-
cea. was not ooly a blow at Tammany. but a
how from Tammany. That was the was that he
looked at the came, and that, he was sure, was
the wa’ to pla it. Through me, therefore,
the blow at Tammany wae delivered, Itdoes
rot alter the case, so far at the matter of motivo
is co veerned 2 that there was a miscal-
culation somewhere In thie discussion in-
tentions govern rather than results

    

 

tos

 

Batton of Niagara and Thomas F. Conway | woud

 

SUN, MOND

i

t
|
|

seck the assistance of Cor- |

SER

  

tin’
RR re err

  

 

 

y else form the duties of the Govern-
ane. ir fe‘ has that opinion, he is quite
at liberty to keep it t would be neither fair
to me nor to the public, however, to let it be
supposed that h
the purpose o
chance in politics
the nomination and
conditions which he
4 insure success at the
statement that he would not think of rupnir
unless he could get the nomination in the teet?
ef Tammany opposition. He now finds that
Tammany antagonism waa more serious than
he anticinated He aleo finds that ambition
occasionally overreaches iteelf. The retura
blow he deliberately invited was harder than
expected. What he thought would be of ser-
vice to him has killed whatever chauce he might
otherwise have had

“The topic fe not an agreeable one to me, 1
not return to it were it not for the fact
that the Comy troller seeks to convey the dea
that there {s around hie head a sort of halo
of politienl sanctity, 1 don't discern it. If it
{a there it ia invisible to me. 1 am not fn the
habit of making false pretences and 1 have oo
use for those who do that sort of thing
The Coler canvase was one of cold-blooded
ealenation, with nothing in mind but suc-
cess The clan-tran abort devotion to nigh
ideals and to the interests of voung men de-
ceived many peorle, The rubbish about the
Comptroller‘a antipathy to commercialism in
politics is laughable in the face of some of
the stock transactions in which he never could
have frured but for the office he holds

“But more naneenting than anything else
Ieanthin' of is the idea that he struck at Tam-
many hecause he la too high-minded to have
anvthing to do with it. T have told you why
the hlow was delivered. There ia his own ot
thority for aaving that it was part of a plan
to ineratiate himself with the voters of the
State for election day purposes, If you can
eea anything in that but the rankest sort of
humbug the most palpable of false pretences,
and as low an order of political etratery As
anv man ead sloop to, your eyes are better
than mine.”

young men @
Not at all He wanted
he wanted it under
thought were likely
olls. Not to one, but

giving the

 

WILSON NOT OUTSPOKEN FOR BRYAN.
The Former Postmaster.General Simply De-
clared Against So-Called Inpertalion.

Lexinaton, Va, Sept. 9—-The Hon. William
Wilson, President of Washington and lee
this place, In his letter to the
Democratic meeting heid at Morgan Grove,
W Va, on Wednesday last certainivy did not
imply that he was in full sympathy with the
Democratle theket this year and that he fn
dorsed the platform, as was stated in reports
sent out from that place to all the papers
Phe letter was as follows

“Lam very grateful for the Invitation which
you extend to me in the name of the committee
in charge Of the interstate political gathering
at Morgan's Grove to attend and address the
people on the issues of the day on either Sept
6oré6 It wouldgive me much Pleasure per-
sonally to accept this invitation, but it is ime-
possible for me to do £0 The condition of my
health i, I regret to say, uch a to make even
ajourney to Jefferson inadvisable and publio
speaking beyond my physical capacity

“Long before it became an issue dividing
polit cal parties 1 took strong grounds tn ad:
dres $ belore students of this university, and
‘na set speech before the Legislature of Georgia,
nwainst any colontal or imperias p« liey on the
part of our Government as a result of our war
with Spain. My views are stronger than ever
against such policies, and, did o;) ortunity
permit, | should be «lad to express my views
on the platform, at Morgan's Grove.” |

Mr. Wilson declined to be inte rviewed re-
varding the sublect, saying that he would
inter give his views upon the matter through
the medium of a letier to a newspaper which
had requested hitn to do so <

It is well known here that Mr. Wilson, as he
said in his letter, “before it became an issue
dividing politieal parties,” made speech after
sreech before the students of the university
rewarding the question of colonial or impel al
policy Until Mr. Wilson makes known his
position regarding what he will do no one knews
what ticket he will support. It is mere guess
work.

L

University of

 

 

EVERYTHING WRONG, S4¥S8 BRYAN,

According to Judge Pollord, Who Leaves the
Democrats to Support McKinley.

INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. 9.—-Judge Charles N.
Pollard, a leading lawyer and ex-dudge of
Howard county, and his son Otis have repue
iated Bryan and are outspoken for McKinley
Both have been lifelong Democrats, Mr Pollard
being the only Democrat ever elected to the

Judiciary in this district.
secretary of the Democratic County Committees
He has taken the stump for McKinley and will
be actively engaged for the Republican cause to
the end of the campaign. In @ statement to
the public, the Judge says
Bie perii of the republic, the danger of
aubversion of our free institutions lies not in
tie bugbear of imperialism, but in the thrent-
ened assault of Bryan and his hosta, in the adop-
tion of that leader's erroneous and revelution=
ary ideas | He regpects no aucient landmarks
With Mr. Bryan and his party almost every-
thing is wrong = The Supreme Court is wre
the Federal courte are wrong in using the pov
ef ingunetion, Senators. are elected wrong,
the currency is wreng, the Philippine i Ney
is wrong, everything wrong except Bryan.
Tn his efforts to array Man against man, neih-
bor against neigubor, class against class, and
ac juire the servic? and support of inconerions
ntagonistic and itterly irreconcl able elame ta
for the nromotionof his personal ambitions, heis
the moet remarkable leader tuat) America
polities has ever known, We most adroit acd

dungerous ”

 

 

RAINES AS CROKER'S

Monroe County Delegates Say He Will Be Made
Chatrman of the Convention,

Rocursten, Sept. 9.—-The fon. George
Raines leaves for the Democratic State Con-
vention to-morrow, and it is practically settled,
Monroe county delegaies say,

LIEUTENANT.

so prominent

' that he will be the chairman of the convention,

|

| prevailing rate,

Coler veliewse tha, Hill wonld control the |
convention. Taking this for granted he struck
the blow that would invite the return blow
© necessary t ceona, IT have been looking

  

for sometaing sting a loftinees of nur-
in all this, ¢ have failed to find it
he been convineed that Tammany sup-
pert, prior to and in the convention, would
jaye stra ehtened his case with the people
o- would not ‘ave weakened it, he would have
sought to obtain it. Tf con doubt that, let

refer von fo his eflorta to secure support
from the organization on the Fogle's sida of
the East River je almoat literally beeged
for it. Those who go into a fl@ht ninet be pre-
vared to take all the consequences. I am
Pailing vou, not what TL beileve, but what T
knoe to be the truth of the Coler case, be-
cause if some new impressions have been cre-
to he thrown over.

row

Had

 

ated, an old one remains
board

“There secs to be sull an idea in the b-
lic mind that the Comptroller ts better than

anybody else In all fairness, 1 ask the pub-
he to judge between us, and if there were not
two sidea to a controversy thore never wouid
be any disputes Tam placing the case of
Coler before the public as he himself places
it now before the public He has the same
right as any other Democrat to aspire to politi-
cal honor = He may be better fitted than any-

Stops the Cough and Works Off the Cold,

Lazative Brom.-Quirine Tablets cure 4 cold in one
No Cure, No Pay. Price 25 centa-—Ade.

 

'

a

The presence of the “1 all Sycamore of the
Genesee” inthe convention against the will of
the malority of the delegates from this county,

man, isregarded as a direct slap at the Hill
forces here, who have used every means in
their power fo prevent him from going to Sara-
toga. Followed ont to its logical conclusion

fs wo B. Stanchfield is to

th uld mean that John
he Croker's choice for Governor. Croker's
sudden and violent atta: hmentfor Raines

ia rewarded as the result of Mr. Raines’s stand
in favor of Stanchield for many years. Mr
Raipes has therefore been selected as Croker's
up-State lieutenant and the Raines family
is to assume in Democratic counc tla the same
prominence that it haus had in the Republican
party of the State.

The Croker men here are fubjlant at this
mark of Tammany's favor, which means that
Monroe county will take her old place of prom-
inence in the convention, A divided delega-
tion will go to Saratova from Monroe county,
there being at present no chance of harmony,
As nearly as can be ascertained there will
be eight Hill and four Croker men. Mr Raines
was not elected as a delegate, but will be sub-
etituted in case his name Is presented aa chnir-
man of the convention: othorwise he will prob-
ably not be a delegate

 

CROKER AND THE UNIONS.

 

Labor Delegates Cast Doubt on the Tammany
Chief's Professions of Friendship,

Richard Croker’s friendship for organized
labor was called in question at yesterday's
meeting of the Central Federated Unton by
Delegate of tne Pipe Calkers' and
Tapper’ Union, At the meeting of last week
Mr. Croker had been exploited as a man who
was only waiting for a chance to assist the
unions. Gleason in a report which he made
“esterday said that he couldn't ind anything
8 support this claim,

i Pane" he said, “that Holbrook, Cabot &
PDair, the contractors for the Fourth avenue
section of the Rapid Tran-it tunnel, were pay-
fn@ pine calkers $2.50 a day instead of $3, the
and that MeCabe Brothers
were paying £1.50 a Ay to laborers to do the
work of mechanics at the tunnel s@ction at
i6ist «treat and Amsterdam arenue, | had
heard a lot about Mr, Croker being 2 friend to
Inbor, so | went to talk to him about it. I found
that he was a frieid to Jabor-—no, not by a
darned sight. When 1 told him my complaint
he sald that all the tunnel coxtractora were Re-
\, iblicans, so he had no influence with them
Ve know that the main guy, John B. MeDonald,
f-a't 2 Reoublican, so we ean't get much help
from Mr, Croker.”

It was decided to refer the matter to the
Comruittee on Municipal Legislation

Dutchess County Solid for Coler.

Glenson

 

 

POvVGHKEEPSIE, Sept 9—The delegates to the
Demoeratio Stato Convention from Dute! ess
county have decid’d to vote solidly for Coler
for Governor, James W. Hinkley, formerly
chairman of the Democratic State Com) ittes,
says that Coleris oy far (ce strongest candi-
date ani (a probably the only Democrat who
ean carry the State this fall,

 

Stores, Offices, Lofts, or Property
of all descriptions, whether you seek them or
have them to dispose of, muke use of 1HR
Sun's advertising columns. A SUN reader will
always be found @ desirable tenant or cus
tomer.—Adv.

 

 

AY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1900.

 

entered this fight solely for |

half a doz n of his frfenda, he has made the |

He was until recently |

ee

  

   

BRYAN’S NAME A CHARM.

TURNED A HOSTILE FILIPINO VIL-
LAGE INTO WORSHIPPERS,

 

Ruse of an Irish Reporter With Lieut. MoMil-
lan’s Command to G
in Santo Tomas, Luzon
Falls at the Feet of ‘Bryan's Covsin”

There isn't a rabbit's foot or a ball of yarn
or a mystic charm that’s a marker to the name
of Wiliam Jennings Bryan when it comes to
warding off danger or winning favor with the
Filipinos. They look on the Democratic can-
didate as a kind of a demigod to be worshipped
If any of his reaj relatives want 4 real snap in
this life, they ough t to go out to the Philippines,
advertise their blood kinship with the head anti-
impertalist, and settle down among the little
brown men

Lieut. Robert F. McMillan, a son of former
Park Commissioner McMillan, saw service in
the Philippines @ a second Lieutenant in
the Fourteenth Infantry and was invallded
home recently. He knows just how dear the
name of Bryan is to the Filipinos, One day
last December he was sent out with a company
of Macabebe scouts to capture the little town
of Santo Tomas in one of the northern prov-
inces of Luzon. With him went a newepaper
man named Burton, a tall, raw-boned Irish-
man who said thal he had served a term in
the English army, He was a bright chap,
with a tendency to practical joking. When
McMillan aad his command reached Santo
Tomas they found the Filipinos ready for them
and a hot little fight easued, Several of the
Filipinos were killed and then as is their hanit,
the fighting menu ted aud the Americana en-
tered the village. They got @ very frosty re-
ception, Everybody was sullen and no one
had auything to eat or drink tor the Yankees,
‘This worried Burton, who had @ penchant for
the good things in lite and he sat down to think,
By aud by le got up and made a spoech

“Lieutenant, he said, “lam going to doa
stunt that'll win these jellows and get us some-
thing good to eat. You come with me and Vil
show youa trick worth a hundred riftes

Having nothing else to do, the Lieutenant
went along with the Irish journadst to the
house of the village padre, They tound the
old gentleman at homeand in very bad Spanish
Burton introduced himseil,

“Your reverence,” said Burton, “my name
is Willlam Jennings Bryan. IT ama cousin of
the great William Jennings Bryan, who is the
lending Filipinwt of the United States and
who hopes therefore, to be their next Presi-
dent.”

The padre fell on his knees. He grabbed
the hand of the cousin of the erext Bryan and
assured him that the whole isiand was his
Then be called his servants and sent runners
all over the village to announce the presence
of the great man’s blood. The people swarmed
about the padre’s house in great amazement
and reverence. Fvery gourd and tom
and all other kinds of musical instruments
were brought out of the littl nipa huts and
an impromptu serenade bewan that listed
the rest of the day, Bottles of wine, baskets
of eves and dozens of chiclens were presented
as love offerings to Brvan's cousin. Nothing
in the village was too good for him and his
friends,even thouch they did wear the Amer-
ican uniform. From ufter sullenness = the
faces of all the townsneorle changed to cheery
hos; itality and the Macabebes lived high while
their stay la ted

When Burton left the town he was loaded
down with presenta and everybody turned
out vellinga thousand ‘viv for him. Hehore
meesages from everybody In the village tu his
distinguished eousin, bidding him godapeed
and the beer of luck in his effort to drive the
Americans from t!« island It ie not Known
whether these messages wera ever delivered
put Mr. Bryan {s acting as though they ha

yoen

Lie it MeMi\lan when he told the story had
only this tu any

“f sas the firet time and probably the

ve name of bryan ever did me or any
‘her American soldier any good.”

 
 

  

 

CROKER MEN BOLT.

 

Elect a Contesting Delegation tn the Secon
Orange County District

MippLetown, N.Y, Sept. @—The Second
Assembly district of Orange ceunty will send
two sets of delegates to the Dr mocratie State
Convention at Saratowa. At the Assembly
convention held in this city on Saturday the
delegates became involved in a row which
ended in the Croker faction bolting because
the adherents of Coler refused to indorse J E

Portell of Port Jervis for one of the three dele.
rates to he elected. John 1. Bradley, Thomes
\ itte and Samuel 8S. Van Seun were elected
and instructed to use every effort for the nom-

 

      

 

 

|

| Pint SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 25 cts.

tom |

Inatior © Bird § Coler, fwainst
the protestations of the Crokersymy athizere
The latter, headed by Purtefl, left the
convention hall, and the convention hastily
adjourned without nominating a candidate
for the Assembly. Immediately afterward
the bolting faction took nossession of the hall
and organized a convention of their own. at
whi every town in the district was repre-
sented They proceeded to elect JE. Purte
= oP Gillen and Dr Thermas Gillson as
gates to the State convention, and because |

t.ey are machine men they
that they will be seated by Boss Croker

VACANCY ON STATE TICKFT.

To Be Filled on Thaorsdar With an Erte Man
~Platt on Stampeding Croker.

Senator Thomas C. Platt spent his last day
of the season at the Oriental Hotel, Manhattan
Beach, yesterday. The Oriental will t
to-day and the Senator will remove to the Man-
battan Beach Hotel. He had not much to say
yesterday about politics further than that the
man who would succeed to the nomination
for Comptroller, made vacant by the death
of Mr. Morgan, would be named by Erie county
and would probably be of German extraction,
There were several names under consideration
The vacancy will be filled at a meeting of the
State Comip'ttee in this city on Thursday night

Some one mentioned the suzgested possi-
bility of the Democratic State Convention
being stampeded for Coler The Senator
arniled,

“Mr. Croker,” he said, “is not the kind of a
man that is easily stampeded.”

 

Roception to the Candidates,

A reception will be given to ths nominees of
the Saratoga Convention by the Republican
Club at tts clubhou eto-night. Most of the Re-

publican leader: o the State are expeoied to be
there. I) willbe a sert of social ratifiertion
ft onator De ew Pres de tofthe club, will ine
trodiice the guests of the evonine.

 

 

Show us a fault in our busi-
ness and we stop it at once, no
matter how profitable. We
don’t believe a fault can ever
be really profitable.

 

They said our Agu: Cure
was too bitter and powerful for
the weak digestion of malarial
illness.

We have corrected the fault.
It’s cost us thousands of dol-
Jars 69 1) i¢, bute we have cor-
reste” it

Aad there is no deter medi
cine under the sun ‘or every
form of malama than 1¢w
Matava end Ague Cure.

mnie

 

cr ~
' O Aver Compasy,
Precves Theman Lowell, Mase.
Avett beveapavae avers Har Vigor
avers Pus . Aver e Cherry Pectoral

Ave. que Oere | ayer's Comarone

confidently expect |

@ closed |

 

 
  

 

——

 

A SODA FOUNTAIN FOR EVERY HOM

 

TRADE MARK
Smail Steel Capsules Filled With Liquid Carbonic-Acid-Gas

MAKE ALL DRINKS SPARKLING.

Most table luxuries are expensive and involve much trouble
SPARKLETS—among the most desirable
additions to table or lunch basket—are remarkably cheap, may be

in their preparation.

used without trouble, and without
delay. Fill the bottle, insert a
| SPARKLET, screw down, shake.

That’s all.
Pint bottles, $1.50 up.

Pint syphon attachments, 50 cts.

Quart syphons, $3.00 up.

Quart SPARKLETS (10 in a box)

Mineral Tablets and Fruit Syrups Furnished.

All Dealers.

Compressed Gas Capsule Co.,

, 40 cts.

Write for Booklet,

   
 

Bway & 25th St., N. Y. City.

 

 
   
    
 

hang.
are lost through
arable from the

at at

  
     
          
   

(j

hook made and is the most secure.
that holds the eye fast.

SNAP HOOK & EYE CO.

Tailored Golons w% 3 ot

are desired because of the severe perfection of fit and
Their beauty is gone when these attributes

SNAP HOOK AND EYE

cs
THE HOOK OF 1900

obviates the necessity of stretching over.
The secret is in the small steel spring

If your deaver does not keep them, send 10 cts. for a sample card.
Say whether WHITE or BLACK. .

   

the stretching and straining insep-
use of old-fashioned hooks. The

“

”

It has the shortest reach of any

.. 377 Bway, N. Y. City

 

ROBBED THE PLAZA WINE CELLAR, MEETING OF KAILROAD EMPLOYEES,

Hotel Servants Detected in Manipulating

Orders ond Appropriating the Proceeds,

Three servants of the Plaza Hotel, who lave |
been robbing the hetel systematically for |
months by manipulating orders for wine, were |
caught at it on Saturday by the hotel detective |
and two men specialls detailed from the Cen- |
tral Office, and in the Yorkville police court |
veaterday were held for trial charged with
lareeny Of how much the three culprits
have defrauded the hotel is not known, but
there are indications in the depleted
' , wine cellar that their plunder may have
in te Te total :S of nearly $),000

BIOCK

  

 

Wine has been disappearing So fast at the |
Plaza without apparent bac rease in the re- 4
ceipia that last week Detectives Vallels and |
Wool ridge were called in to aid Burt the
hotel detective, in discovering how went. |
The detectives went to the hotel posing “aS
business men, ened ed a room and ¢ rdered

1 up four bottles of champaci* The order
David Johnson, A colored hall-

i two had been pald for
arrested

| at the bar by

ven to

boy nd he was paid with marked bills
liad heen delivered avd drunk
that an order for « two
ied in at the bar and onls
Joh wus then |

hoy,

When the wine
it was discovered
bottles had been turr

an
arked bills were found in
fourth had heen chane 1
John Cuss, an office ho who
ge to Frank Schromm of
keeper of the wineroom

Three m

possession

had given the chang
venue A, the kK

40 , =

4 ne were arrested, too, and the fraud was

explained. Orders for wine passed throuch
were thus

the \hree and they
the supply

UNION LEAGUE IN NEW ORLEANS.

Movement to Organize a Clab There to Battle
for Reprblican Ideas.

New ORLEANS, Sept. 9 —On the petition of
over a hundred members of New Orleans Cotton
and Buga” exchanges a meeting has been called
for Thursday to organize the Union Leamue
Club, a semi-social, semi-politieal organization
for the purpose of advancing the Republican |
cause in Louisiana The club will be compe ed
of some of the best-known men in Louisiana
and it is hoped to @ive the Repub jeans a a0 1
and political standing in New Orleans wh
they have never enioved before It is asser
that there are 30,000 white voters aready
roued in the Republican parish and pre‘

inbe that a maiority of the members
clubs and tt the strongest and most

 

|
|
able to manipulate |
|
!
|

 

of

the Cotton Fxchance, n :
. eal orwanization ip the city,
influential commercial orwaniza the ©
have declared themseives for McKinley and
nose vel!
° this vear are entering the

The Republicans

campaign on the offensive for the first time

 

in thirty years
. Two Nassan Delegates for Coler.
Mrngoua, L. L, Sept. 9 The Assembly dis-

tr ct made up of Nassau county an i the Fifth
word of the Borough of Quoens has elected
, » oC fon They
three delegates to the State conventior
are John fron of Uempstead, James M. Long
of Ovster Bay and Euvens \ Willis of N T
liempatead re frends of Lyon d Willis
any teat thew will vote a id work for Coler for
Governor

The Weather.

The storm tn the west Gt { of Mexico moved more
to the northward 5 esterdas, folniug with the depression |
grom the Gulf of Callfornia and apparently Icsing its |
orce. It was cloudy and rainy in the Southwess,
the winds diminishing in ferce. It wes cloudy and
slowery in the upper Mississippi and Missouri val- |
leys, Dut elsewhere the weather was generally fair
tthweat States

The pressure Was hivh over the N
it was cooler

and was faliing in the Atlantic States
in the Northwest and upper Lake section and warmer
ip the middle Atiantl: States

In this city the day wae fair and siightly warmer,
wind light to fresh northwesterly: average humidity,
ha per cent , barometer, corrected to reau to sea level,
atS A. M,, 30.12; 5 P. M., 30.08

The temperature as recorded by the officta! ther
mometer, and also by THe S! N'S thermometer at the
surcet level, is shown In the annexed tabl

  

OMiel Sun's, “OMcial~ Sun's.

1009, 2888. 1000 1900, 1890 lyue
9 A. M.72° ar 76°| OP. M Aa® 7a* gor!

2M “0 7 70° oP. M 79° vue 7A°
3 P. M.85S° 74° 81°12 Mid. 75° 6s° 75° |
WASHINGTON FORECAST FOR TO DAY AND TO- |

MORROW

For New [ingland, fair to-day and to-morrow, light
variavic winds.

For eastern New York, New Jersey, eatte n Penn- |
syiransa, Delaware, Maryland and the District of
Columta, fair; continued warm to-day and probabdiy
to morrow; light north to east winds }

For western Pennaylvania and western New York, |
erneraliy fair today and to-morrow; light aorta te |
@asi winds

| It is stated ¢]
| arrived at

| OFRanization, as the by

i he

The Delegates Represent All Labor Organiaa-
tions on the Lackawanna Road,
BINGHAMTON, N. Y,,

Sept. @—The utmost

| Secrecy is belng observed here to-night by

 

the 225 delegates representing all the labor
orgaticaiions employed on the Delaware,
Lackawanna and Western between Hoboken

 

and Buffalo” The principal object of the meet-

ing is the formationofafederation, Heretofore
proposed strikes have failen through because
some of the unions refused to full into line

at a compromise basis has been
which all the unions will join, three

delegates being «ent from each lodge with ab-
solute power [he measure proposed is said
to be Satisfactory to the Broth erhood of Rail-
road Engineers andtheOrder of Raliroad Teleg
Taphers, tie two orgasizations that have
heretofore held aloof. ‘The men demand tho
repeal several obnoxious orders, and ask
that certiin runs be made shorter or divided
Up 80 48 lo give those employed thereon mo

rest. The question of hauling nou-union coal
snould a strike be decared was informally

discussed, and it was decided t

stand by 1
labor. It will require four id by union

weeks to perfect th
laws must be adopted
by each lodge interested

SALTPETRE FOR FRUIT THIEVES,

Women Were Robbing Van Pelt'’s Orchard
When Me Flred Among Them,

   

    

    

Jacob Van Pelt, a we do farmer of Bath
Beach, is a bachelor and lives alone in an old
farmhouse, surrounded bys an orchard, in
highty-sixth street near Nineteenth avenue
The orchard has been robbed repeatedly of
late by menibers of the suminer colony ast
evening Mr Van Pelt saw several women
stealing his pears and apples The women
Were perched on the branches of the trees
Van Pelt rot out his shetgun and loaded it
with petre fired sithout warning
among women at they fell sercaming

t froma the trees ne of then: was seriously
| ininred and all ranaway, leaving hats aud wraps
behind
ORITUARY

Col, David Miller Talmage, former United
States Minister lo Venezuela, died vesterday
this home in Whitestone, 1. T Col. Talmage
Was 74 veurs old and was the son of Thomas
Goyn Talmage, who was Mayor of Brooklyn
from 1845 to 1867) He was born in Rrooklyn
and for many sears Was n social leader there,
lie was A usin of the Kev, T. DeWitt Tal-
mage and « rmer ¢ ration Counsel Wil-
liam © DeWitt of Brooklyn About fifty vears
aco he was married to the granddaughter of
Cornelius Van Bront, her mother being the

} aacond wife of Col. Talmare'’s father In 1897
wrought eult a@ainst his wife for divoree in
North Dakota, alleging that she had deserted
him thirteen vears before. Durin » Civil
War Col Talmage earned a great denl of fame
ns an oreanizer of regiments. lie was the frat
Colonel of the Tifts th Regiment hie Wasa
brover after the close of the war and was In
Venegnela it editerests of a eas comminy at
the t me the American Minister aied there He
was named to succeed. him. Col. Talmage
wa resident of the Roard of ‘Trust: es ‘of
Ww ne when hn Stirmmell, the
prov t r of Stimimell's pavilion, ran the
) ling out over village pronert Col Te
riage ordered him to remove fit. Stiumell ree
fused and threatened the tirst man that started

 

launage hired five
men ard bought six axes Armed with one
he led the detall to the shore and chopped down
all the pavilion that encroached upon village
propert

to remove it with death

 

Mary T. Bristol, wife of Col. Henry B. Bristol,
died vesterdayv of Hright’s disease at Loonust
Valley, L. 1] She « the daughter of Mr
and Mre Valeutine Frost and was bornin Locust
Vatiey in 1888 She wa arried twice Her
fret husband, Charles Re vend, died about

 

| twelve vears ago

For HURRY-UP COOKING
is there anything’ to equal

LIEBIG

COMPANY'S EXTRACT

OF BEEF.
CHORUS OF HOUSEWIVES

ANSWERS "NO"