PO a

MAY YET ORDER A STRIKE,

PRESIDENT MITCHELL MAY DO ASHE
PLEASES IN THE COAL REGION,

If Negotiations Are Not Satisfactory to Him,
He May Say the Word and the Strike will
Oceur-No Formal Order
Regions Delighted That Trouble Is Averted
for the Present No One Wanted a Strike
—Merchants Fought It Hard Bituminous
Coal Interests Egged on the Agitators,

INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. 0.— The meeting of the
Executive Board of the United Mine Workers
came to an end at a late hour this evening and
all matters in connection with the troubles
in the anthracite districta of Pennsylvania
placed in the hands of President
full power to act He is
conducting negotiations which were = Tre-
ferred to in statement of last night and
it ds left with hum to decide when these negotia-
tions ehall end. The board received a number
of telegrains from the offloers in the anthracite
regions late this afternoon, but said that they
were not sufficipntly numerous to give @ corre:
idea of the sentiment which had followed th
reception of the statement deferring the strike
thoug! it was adinitted that some of the miners
» action of the board, while others

were
Mitchell wit)

the
th

 

{

 

  

approved
did net
W. Lt Wilson, Seeretary-Treasurer of the

board, said to-night that it would not require
mm the board to start a #trike

 

a formal order
in the anthracite regions, for the statement

issued last night was really a ¢ onditional order

to the same end. He said that the miners were
emselves

 

 

 

 

asked in the sfaternent to restrain ¢
for a few daga and if negotiations failed the
board would approve the strike
This means,” said he, “that it will not re-
quire ar Yeial order of the men to strike
but as they are notified that negotia-
tions have failed the order to strike becomes |}
« it
H lied ut the board could form no idea
of uo would be consul the
new ithe d ion worl nd-
‘ nthe efreumetances
who 14 in charge of District+
1, le hore toenieht for his home tn Ohio
and w “ tly to Scranton, Pa, and will
be tr ‘ f the strike in that district if one
is ordered None of the members of the board
expressed confidence in an amicable result of
the pending ne if
HAZLETON, Se 1, The newa of the
postponement of the strike declaration in the
Pennsylvania anthracite region was se unex-
pected last night as to cause the greatest sure
prise. Up to the announcement of this action
on the part of the Lud epolis Junta by the
committee it was thought certain that the strike
order would issue from there the course of

 

 

 

the evening, be proclaimed here and go into

  

 

effect on Mond morhing The main  thor-
oughfaure of the 1 Was thronged all the
evening with group f all sorts of conditions
of men eager to hear the news from the Western

that the district
are bu straw, pow-
itive or separate action

city, for it is felt universall

officers of theu men of

erless to take any ini

as distinet from
It is almost

of the postponeniet

 

the head centre
needless fo say that the news
tof the strike and the reeome

 

 

mendation made by the district) cor itlee
that the men go back to work as usual ob Mone
day morning was received with great sat
faction by the entire community for there are
few if any here whose interests are not more
or leasinterwoven with theindustry of the mine
and with the majority their entire prosperi
depends upon it, It was felt moreover with
what justification only further developmiente
can show, thata postponement jneantan entire
collapse of the strike movement inthis region
When the first fludief exciernent abd sure
prise at the news had however died away a
new question thrust itself upon the public at-
tention. Why this sudden change of tront,
why this mysterious cdéllapse of the intention
announced with so much fanfare of trumpets

ess’) Was

 

and heralded with so much positi
it because the local leaders had discovered
that a strike deciaration would be obeyed by
only a small percentage of rkers,
or was there something deeper behind all this

the imine v

strike movement? There has been avery
6trong impression prevailing throughout the
entire anthracite region ever since the incep-
tion of the movement that there was politics

in it of the Bryan brand, but there was nothing
tangible to the suspicion and nothing by which
it could be traced to any responsible source,
but it was generally bruited about. So
announcement printed in THe Stn in an Al-
lentown despatch to-day, while it created so
great surprise, came in the nature of a con-
vineing corroboration of what had long been
only believed.

If such a plot was really hatched out by
Bryanite politicians, it will do them no good in
the ooal regions. On the « its exposure
will act as the very worst }’-
for people are already hereavouts asking them-
gelves what kind of a party is this that will
resort to so dastardly a measure as to plunge
a large part of the State into the inevitable
misery attendant upon a protracted strike
for a problernatical garnering of votes. In-
stead, therefore, of the plot gaining Demo-
cratic votes, it will have just the opposite effect
It will cost the party thousands That the
exposure of the plot, however, has frightened
the Democratic politicians is evidenced by the
sudden precipitation upon this community
to-day of a “apecial commissioner” of a New
York newspaper. It was thought that this
man was out West whipping Illinois into line
for Bryan, so his bobbing up here was rather
a surprise. Just why he was ordered here he
doesn’t seem exactly to know himself

On Monday evening there is to be a meeting
of the radical element {tn Lattimer “to com-
memorate the Lattimer massacre on Sept.
10, 1897," as the circulars which were given out
on the streets here last night read

Meanwhile the colliery whistles will blow as
usual to-morrow morning and thousands of
men will again take up theirtofl, glad to be aeiq
to do 80

BITUMINOUS FAST

Wi.krs-Barnne, Pa, Sept 0 —The Wyoming
Valley awoke this morning in fear that a gen-
eral strike of the members of the United Mine
Workers had been ordered late last ht by

the Executive Committee in session since Sept
6 in Indianapolis, but a lance at the headlines
of thie morning's papers reassured everybody

the

fa boomerang,

COAL MPN AFPYTER THE

 

 

  

that it was at least postponed, if not altogether
averted. The real facts of the origin of the
trouble have never before } ) properly and
ponestiy laid before the rid, but the time
8 now Pipe to put the responsibility where it
sroperly belongs. Although there ie no ques-

fon that the miners have a
are of long standing | ’
moment and cin only be arr
greement of employers and en
nh concert, not by any arbitrary
of outside persons

It is understood pretty wenerally that for
some time the soft coal people have been look-
ing with envious eves upon the fleld covered
by anthracite men and have heretofore tried
with indifferent sic extend their union
into this rich territory, but until recently with
no result. At t six months ago they sent a
number of soft spoken tr Viduals here, and

      

ed by joi
ployed acting
interlerence

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

  

 

to tho other anthracite centres, to cor It on
the ground and whisper large prommiaes
@nd apectous arguments into the ears of the
anthracite miner . lot of ienerint, dis
' led and inutinous workers swallowed the
alt and joined the uni tt in tuen it
duced quite a large nuriber of their ik to
the organization, until now about 1a per «
of the miners in the hare members
is 10 per cent. doe represent the Ine
telligent elem nt by a means, but is 7 ne
ed almost entirely of Huns, Poles ar

 

lave, People of ( anthracite re
no distinction between them, designating ther
all as Huns, who have no pect for law or
order, having come here a few years ogo lear-
ing of this as a “free” country, and imagining
that freedom meant license to coniunit all sorts
of crimes, even murder, with impunity, and
they have carried out their ideas These
people are the ones who have cast opprobrium
on the mining population of the anthracite
regions and who are now under the leader-
ship of the soft coal agitators, proposing to
make all the trouble they can. he Tattimer
bet-back should have been a lesson to them and
was, for a tima, but their memory seems to
be short and they want to try it again
It is also charged that the Democratic poli-
ticlans have a hand in attempting to bring
about trouble enough to re@ult in the calling
out of the National Guard, and thus give them
an argument for use in the coming canjpaign
The Idea of the strike certainly originated
Indianapolis among the soft coal people

‘

  
   

u

 

Oe een

Needed-—Coal |

ty go
lawles. element has been effectually squelc hed, |

 

 

 

 

 

Whether they are pushed ahead by Damo.
Lope

eratic politicians or by self-interest in
of first destroving and then appropri iting
the anthracite markets {t is impossible to de-
termine just vet, but the fact is evident, as ali
orders received by local leaders come over
the wirea from that eity and that city is the
Mecea of all the agitators working here who
Journey there frequent!
APRAID OF PUBLIC OPINION

As to why the strike was not ordered lust
night at 6 o'clock as threatened, the (rue reison
ix that the managers did not dare order it. Pub-
lic sentiment is unanimousty and determined!)
against it and the leaders know it) The ubiot
Claim® & membersht 20 to 4 per Cent of the
mining element the truth is has not over
10 per Cant and probably less, but this 10 per
cent, aathey know, is suffeient to cripple tie
mines and Cause them to shut down termpo-
rarily, not because of their numbers, but because
of their character They will hesitate at
nothing, not even murder, to gain their ends

 

and the other and better class of miners are s
afraid of them, and with sufficient reason,
that they will stay at home and not attempt

nto the mines to their work until this

Ilerein is where the danger of a prolonsed
strike ties, and so long as the agitators —they
call themselves organizers--can keep the strike
woing they will do se, as thelr salaries and
per diem expenses go on just the same as in
the tine of peace, except thatin times of strike

 

 

 

they ean turn in rocre each day lor expense
account,
PRIESTS AGAINST,THE STRIKE
As to what has broken the backbone of the
trike, Orst come the priest f the Roman
Catholic Chureh They are sensible men and
in close touch and sympathy with the members
of their congregations and have been strennous
yard out of the pulpit in denouncing a strike
They have been ably seconded by the Protestant
min of every denomination The local
hoards of trade took a hand and denounced
the position most emphatical fo cap the
x, the wholesale dealers, having in mind
formic yperiences of the sort where they
e big losers, because they had eiven lara
credits to small retailer

 

whore pee were

notified theae #inall dealers that

largely miners,

   
 

 

   

   
 
 
  

    
    

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

     

ahouldthere bea strike they would feel come
pelled to sell them goods only on a cash basi
4 precludes the possibilit of these small
dewers “carrying” the minors to an extent
4a their own capital is limited and their on
» Inv in eredita from the wholesaler Then
the xtipport of the striker and his far during
whieh only tn
ance doled out
' merous foriner
to be produced, would i
fo 80 Stn a sun for eact
ardiy to prevent starvat
is the inion vid to have
} $100,000 in the relief fund
in the treasur th 40.000 mine tO SUOpor
Thet days' ultimatum, glvenjby the Aaesl-
ti convention te th oeperatom to meet the
officials of the union, was regarded here larg
as @ blull from the ders of thecu
was not thought.thery would make a
fo meet the operator and they didn't, Phey
simply seat them printed etreulars of their de-
mands and that was the last of it as they knew
it would be fo outside dis id persons
and newspaper troen the oper sald they
were entire Willitia to ¢ th their own
employees aa employees @ slugivy oor in
omimittee, but tl itt nidiated the
possibility ef inducing them womiilne it
union and thay say they ind by their
resolutions #0 long as there is fo mine,
e pest ridiculous and i har eature
trouble is the part some t SDpers Lave
1 in the matter Cheir misleading illustrae
and news matter have done more to preJ
the outside public against the pe ’
and coal operators of this) region than can be
outlived in many sears They pote re the
miner as a torlorr alt-bak halt-starved
creature, his wife as worked to death and half
clad and } children as. good ds to the
wholly starved child of India, to whorn bears
are a luxury and meat entirely unknown, Gt
the contrary the average toidustr miner is
“A pretty prosperous person ¥ ‘
house, a wholesome, active wife and a
of decently dressed, Wellefed and *t
childret To be rm ® “isis,” A
thous there are many exceptions
more like cattle than anything alt hertie
t! have plenty toea But i e
riers and dirt is not b u } ! i?! ’
They do so fror het aid ve € r
‘ possible to enable then to return to thet
native country and pose enpitalists, t ing
the little farm and spending ¢ tance of
their lives in comparative | uxur the lunur
t Plinwari oe
The charge de in newspapers that miners
children, whet acd, car inedred for,is another
deliberate falselio The re is decently
buried as a banker's child, although not with
such elaborat tray Zs PoOssibl it all gee
pending upon the means of the fami as iu
any other community The story thata “Hua
when dead is dumped into the potter's tleid is
true in many cases, for the reason that if the
dead man was single and had bee: rdet
in one of the many Hungartan boarding ines
the “boss” and his wife and the othe soucders
utrerly repudiate him, deny all knowledge of his

} will be as long as they

 
 
  

 

 

ideutity, appr rate what ava bie
may have left in the hor Wd let the
ties bury him. Butsomeof “the most

 

    

ar ypensive funerals that pass thro

st ts of this valley are those of “Huns” whose
personal savings have been large orto whom
some of the numerous societies lor

beneficial

 

tute
rm Vv

purposes have given an ela

Al] the anthracite

    

eoal tit t to work

 

    

   

 

out their own Salvation ta a cessation of intere
ferenes from the s coal agitators, and it
looks a4 if th have Maued to compel it

The post ‘nent of the strike a blow
which will great lessen the enthusiasm of
many who were keved up to the strike piteb
It has already shaken t} ininers’ ¢ idence
in their leaders, Though unexpected the
operators if does not change thelr position a |
particle. THR SUN correspondent saw the

heads of all the big companies |
while most of thern desire not to be quoted, all
freely on the situation. One of them
said decisively

“There is really nothing to sav on our side
The position of the operators is most sa
factory. It is uy) te riend President Mite
chell of the | e@ Workers now.”

Another The action of
Fxecutive Bo ves only one th

spoke

 

      

 
 
  

   

and that is that the union recownizes its own
weakness and is afraid of the final and cor
lusive test. I should not be surprised if the
leaders continue to hedge until they manage
to wrigg@le out of astrike ”

One of the best known onerators, whose

company has an invariable rule against being
quoted in nrint, diseussed the situation at
length. “Mitchell,” he said, “ is between the
devil and the deep sea, andheknows!t. Hehas
{mportuned us, begwed ws, threatened us,
r ade advances tous to make a settlement, but
1@ knows [tis useless. We have expreased our
deciston and will stick to it. The postpone
ment in declaring a strike does not affect us
in the leasi. We will continue looking after
our own business and refusing interference

“As long as our men will work there will he
work for them. When they atrike we will
fight the strike to the bitter end. There will
be no giving in President Mitchell of the
Mine Workers is a shrewd man. He knows
that the postponement of the expected order
is a subterfuge to gain time for him to extricat>
himself from the muddle tn which he has gotten
himself. It ts not the miners he wants to save.
but himself. He knows if hedeclares a strike
we will beat him: he realtves that after all his
awitation tf he does not call a strikethe prestige
of the United Mine Workers ts gone The
organization has existed here for three yeara
Its membert have pald dues for that’ time
and in return ft has done nothing It has not
even gained recognition from the operator,
Now it has thrown down the gage of battle
and may sneak away fromm it

‘There never las been a successful organi-
zation of minera in this region, sud there never
ire run for the political
elevation of the leaders Politics has heen
the death of all of therm and most of the leaders
have feathered their nests As for the Execu-
tive Board's reasons for continuing the strike,

 

   

thes are absurd The operators do not want
more time We will not settle anvthing with
the union: we have nothing to settle, so there

{s no hope of arbitration
nent or anything else the
ers propose. The leaders give as another
reason that they do not want to destroy the
New Kr ind and Fastern seaboard trade by
stopping the fuel supplies That sounds well,
but [s utter rot. New England uses soft coal
not anthracite A strike here would not pre-
vent a single man in New England fron) work-
fra No negotiations are pending, no settle-
ment is f rojected, our course has not changed
and will not. Mitchell is merely seeking a
loophole from which to escape '
MINERS DON'T WANT TO STRIKE,

fuquiries among the different classes of

miners show that all of them will work to-mor-

or amicable adjvust-

   

     

 

  

row and will wait patiently for the result of
the Executive Board's deliberations. Repre-
sentative miners were questiouel especially
revarding thelr views of the situation and
without excention said they were opposed to
n strike At Pivmouth, where a great many

 

Germans are employed in the Delaware and
Hutson Company, and at the Parish Coal Com-

 

 

pany mines th nen were greatly averse to
atriking They are willing to do all the work
they can wet for their present wages, and while

   
   

 

v . have scr eeaces t Teel that a strike
\ not wll their we Among the
Welsh, who are largely employed nt he
Ked Ash Con) Company's Lehigh and Wilkes.
Barre mines in Wilkes-Barre, the feeling is
the same. They say times are too good to
hother with O& strike At the mines of the

Lehigh Valley Coal Cor

  
 

any in North Wilkes.

Barre, where the natic are Engl

; VAliot f Snalish,
Polish, Irish and Swede, men favor cone
tinuir at work The Wel niners of the

   

Kingston Coal ¢ ompany, the many foreigners
of the Susquehanna Coal Company at Nanticoke
and the large Irish contingent in the Pennsyl-

      

vania Coal Company mines at Pittston pil
look with disfavor upon a strike, but say that
if one is declared they will pr able have to be

 

idle, as the breaker boys,
men will probably obey the order and se cripple
the mines that they have to be shut dow:

As to Lots, Plots or Farms
Readers of Tuk SUN always know when a
good thing 1s presented. Let them know what

you have to offer by using the advertisi
columns,—Adv -"

.

 

ere toeday and |

United Mine Work- |

drivers and outside |

 

   

   

|
|
|

| ing, when all hands were mustered aft on the ,

| but who doubtless would have done credit to

 

} Intention

 

j ine to the provinces

|
|

THE SUN, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1900.

TALK WITH CAPT, FORSYTH.

SAYS FILIPINOS NEED MORE SE-
VERE DISCIPLINING,

The Baltimore's Skipper Thinks the Fighting
Is About Over, bat for Their Own Good
the Natives Most Be Managed With a Firm
Hand—Meda s for Some of the Ship's Men,

There were thirty-five happy bluejackets
aboard the white-hulled cruiser Balumore,
anchored off Tompkinsville, yesterday morp-

starboard side and Capt. Forayth made a little
speech to them telling them what @ gallant
and modest lot of fellows they were, how they
deserved well of their country and that it was
his privilege to present to each of them a Dewsy
medal commemorative of their services at the
battle in Manila Bay two years or more ago,
They had been a long time connecting with the
medals, and as they were pinned on the men
looked a little bit prouder than their shipmates
who did not happen to be in the great fight,

themselves and the navy if they had had the
chance, As each man received his long-deferred
bronze memorial he bowed in the awkward
fashion of a real hero unused to anything but
The medals came down
to the cruiser from Washington yesterday
morning. Iieut. M. J. MeCormac k, Capt,
Dion Willlams of the Marine Corps and Boat-
ewain H. R. Brayton also got medals for their

plain sailor salutes

valor with Dewey

One of the brightest and longest homeward-
bound pennants ever seen hereabouts flew all
{ay from the main truck of the Baltimore,
There was @ foot of it for every man aboard,
which made it longer than the ship herself,
Everybody who wanted to look at the cruiser
and her battle sears was permitted to do so
from colors to sunset, More than two hundred
persons, including many young women, availec
themselves of the privilege Most of the young
wo wanted to have a talk with Michael J,
wounded by

 

 

 
 

the

 

  

    

  

Bb ger, Who Was severely % A, .
bursting of a 3-pound shell exploded by a S-inen
Spani«h shot that hit the Baltimore Bud-
linger’? . is seriously affected, He has
no control over its muscles, ‘The young women
were, therefore, much surprised to find hign
\ ing persigtently at them while he was tell-

ing all he knew about the flaht and showing
them Where the Spanish ne went in and whe?
dumage it had done. Budlinger, was only
al nrentice ther Now he is an A. B All the
took a long look at the Spanish
ounted on & bracket near the
Manila

women visitor
shell, which ia nm
engine room skylight and is insecibed,
Bay, May 1, 1803."
T} I ackets
went up from Havre to Paris,

 

ay that when 200 of them
where they spent
the

» blue

Arneri-

four days, they were lonized by :
eans there Although they had plent : of
money they could not buy anything The

American colony had sent out word that no
Yankee sailor should be permitted to spend
a cent in the presence of any American eltizen
who had a cent of hie own left Chere is a
varn in the forecastle that one of the blue-
Jackets fell in love with a French girl at Uavre
and had the nerve to ask the Captain for leave
of absence so that ha might marry her. He
didn't wet it

  

 
 

 

    
  

The Baltimore will be inst ected by a special
naval board to-morrow or next day, All ¢
her men whose terr have ex;ired will then
receive their discharges It ia likely that the
hirge matority will re@niist before the expira-

n of three months. If they do the will
be entitl three pronths’ pay as bount
Cant. Forseth will recommend that the Baltt-
nore be not used hereafter aa a flagship. She

not modern enough and not. swift enough
in Admiral

  

   

   

  

 

I’ is his opinion that the place for
is aboard a first-class battleship or a sy acht-
like cruiser that can eteam about like a tore
pedo boat The Baltimore's boilers originally
developed 170 pounds press to the square
ine She can now safely ilize only about
one hundred and five pounds. Capt. Forsyth
wi werent 1 he eruiser have new hovers
whieh willena her to steam af about eluhteen
knot Her engines in fine eor !
He will that her commodious
‘ n aft, for ral, be cut up into offl-
r i ms, quarters of the crew be
enlarged, that co formerly filled by the
tornedo mechanis e uiiized for coal, and
that, instead « her present armament, she
have @ main battery of ten G@inch rapid-fire
wuns

Capt Forsyth said this about the situation
in the Philippines: “L believe that it will be only
ov Question of time when the Filipinos will sub-
mit to Amerean ntrol. The trouble has
been thatthe natives do not understand our

They have the impression that
we toay treat them as the Spanish have been
treating them for : They cannot redize
that we ean haveany buta purely selfish interest

ges,

 
 

in cecupying the islands, They do not under-
stand our rusning Arnericath Ways We want to
do things now, They want wait until to-

relies over
trere large slice
trate « I beheve
erate into conflicts

Hoorrow They spread out their
along period like thinb
of bread, We conece
that the war will soon deer
with suerriiia bands

    

 

Cant. Forsyth said he believed the Jackies
would net be wearing their Dewey medals
long. They were a modest lot and did not
like anything that might attract attention
to ther He had known many instances of

  

 

 

 

 

} dolnson,

men who had won servi dals refusing to
wear them, and accounting tor their absence
by saving that they liad left the ut home
or that they had stowed them away somewhere
and contd not fi em The captain said
that he had ne a better lot of men
than were on the Bajtimore the ship was
ninety-three short of her complement simply |
because they could no spare any more men
from the Asiatic efatior Many of the men
had served four mont! vertime, For this
they will receive one-quarter more pay.

TO SURRENDER IP M'KINLEY WINS.

, Sandico's Advice to the Filipinos-Raide«
by an American Deserter,
rue SUN

or of

Special Cable Despatch to
MANILA, Sept. 0.—A numt
ten by Gen. Sandico, a rebel leader, have been
captured at Nueva Ecija. They show that the
writer intends to advise the inaurgents to gur-
render in the event of President MeKinler
being reflected, but m to main-
tain their opposition until the elections in the
United States take place, in the hope that Bryan
may be elected He interprets a Democratic
suceess as equivalent to the independence of
the Filipinos,

David Fagin, a deserter from the Twenty-
fourth Infantry, is leading a band of Filipinos
in Nueva Ecija. This band is
raiding the quartermaster’s
robbing peaceful natives,

It is reported that Tecson, the rebel leader,
who has captured a number of

letters writ-

 

he urges th

 

very active in

wagons and in

Americans,

intends to release them, as he finds it imprac- |

ticable to hold prisoners
The first executive action of the Philippine

Commission was the consideration of a bill
appropriating $1,000,000 for the construction
and maintenance of highways and bridges

4 public hearing on the matter will be held
Wednesday

Gen. Pio del Pilar, who was captured some
months ago, was arrested while he was returt
fie is now held incommu-
nicado in the authorities
reiuse to divulge the reason for his arrest

During the past week here have been several
amall engagements, in which twenty-five
Filipinos and two Americans, ineluding Capt
Bentley, were killed

It is reported that the rebels
are in a demoralized condition

rhe heaviest storm for years has been pre-
vailing here. The telegraph wires were blown

down, buildings unroofed and some damage
done to shipping in the harbor

walled city. The

 

in Camarines

PILIPINO CIRCULAR ON M'URKINLEY.

If He's Elected and There Are No Chinese
Complications the Bandits Will Give In.

 

Sr Lovis, Sept ®—Capt Frank M~ Rtm-
bold, formerly Captain of Light Battery A,
Missouri Volunteers, and now Captain Thirty.

second Infantry,
duty in the

United States Volunteers, on
Philippines, has sent to St. Louis
an interesting communication concerning a
Filipino circular which he found on July 24
in a deserted house while ting with
his company It shows the dependence the
Filipino insurgents place on the defeat of the
Republican party and their ignorance of the
political campaign in the United States A
translation of the circular from the Spanish
js
“Tothe True i ilipino Patriots

“My DISTINGUISHED FRIENDS
campaign and other circumstances have caused
in America a political situation which may
cause the fall of McKinley, and that would
mean the triumph of our ideals Equally
Transvaal, and
on in China, !
ated an atmosphere in international polities
critical enough to eventually disturb the armed

peace of the great Powers, which also might
rave favorable results for our aspirations, bee
cause America! would rather prefer to sacrifice

out se

 

lhe present

the
disastrous war in the Os pee

claliv the flerce revolut ave cree

 

 

 

some of ita desires concerning the Philipp! ses,
by accepting our independence than sustain
two wars and run the risk of losing the whole
archipelago
“Therefore, I believe that under these favor-
able conditions, caused by all these cirowm-
stances, it is necessary that we continue the
struggle, and only accept peace based on inde-
pendenoe, even if it be under an American pro-
tectorate. In proposing this course I do not
intend to open a campaign against the noble
and patriotic positions of Sefiors Paterno,
Bueneamino, Velarde and Company, nor do
1 want to say by this that our leaders, who work
ina patriotic manner for peace on such tempt-
ing conditions, individually considered, are 80
simple as not to realize the present state of
alfairs so favorable for our course, nor do
suppose for a moment that they work dishon-
estly, for T have always had a high regard and
the best opinion of our statesmen, Only
want to say that their work, although highly
patriotio and humane, is somewhat inoppor-
une, supposing that waiting a few months
more we nay possibly obtain a favorable peace
without sacrificing our nationality by recog-
nizing the American sovereignty
“If McKinley ts re@lected and the revolution
in China and the war in the Transvaal do not
cause any complications, I shall be the first
to Acoept peace, which I believe very necessary,
even if it be at the cost of recognizing the sov-
ereiguty of the United States, asl al ways realize
that our forces are impotent to defend our
legitimate and sacred rights. I want you also
to be well aware that all the make-ups are only
@ political move to favor McKinley's reelection.
If he should be reelected God knows what
would become of those much praised indl-
vidual liberties
“If my way of thinking suita you T hope that
you will work in this direction, or delay as much
Aa possible the proceedings of Paterno & Co,,
that I may have time to communicate with
our President and other leaders of the revo-
lutionaries, Besides, it is possible that in these
months we may see the results of the present
elections in America. According to hews
from outside, Cleveland has been elected in
several States. I aim your servant,
“T. SANDIKO,.”

MINERS IN MASS MERTING.,

A Public Gathering on a Common in Scran-
ton—Merchants Oppose a Strike.

SCRANTON, Pa., Sept. 0.—A mass meeting
of all the United Mine Workers of the Lacka-
wanna and Wyoming regions was held on a
common on Washburn street, near the central
airshaft, this afternoon. Representatives
of nearly all the towns, up and down the valley,
Many business men and citi-
the question of a

 

were present,
gens vitally interested in
strike were preseut to aid by their voice and
counsel a pacific policy that would make a
strike impossible. The miners manifested con-
siderable enthusiasm during the speeches
and showed Low much they have been stirred
by what has already happened between them
and the operators,

Practivaily Lothing was done at the meeting,
Nicholas ‘TI. Burke, a local leader, presided
and speeches were made by several prominent
mine workers. All were quite conservative
in tune, Lut displayed much bitterness toward
the operators. At the end John Dempsey,
secretary of the local branch of the Mine Work-
ers, read the statement given out by President
Mitehell in Indianapolis on Saturday and then
announced that the question of declaring a
«trike had been postponed for a few days pend-
jug negotiations,

The miners about Seranton {n the main view
the prospects of a strike with great uneasiness,
There is no question, however, that many of
therm will comply with the orderto strike, This
is revealed by [nterviews with the men. The
wreat danger here is the fact that owing to re-
cent strikes several of the mines are either be.
ing operated by non-union men or by men who,
having recently been on strike, will refuse to
go out again, Conflicts at these collieries with
the other strikers are feared, and ali the more
60 because these mines are in districts where
the preservation of law and order is more difi-
cult than in the other parts of this county,

BITUMINOUS COAL ORDERS,

 

BIG

of a Strike im the Anthracite Region
Causes a Rash of Business.

Auroona, Pa, Sept. 9--The threatened
trouble in the anthracite coal regions has re-
sulted in a rush of orders for bituminous coal
in this sectior Every colliery in the fleld {4
working full time and some of them day and
night. Operators are elving the men nearly
everything (hey ask for in the matter of wages
and Scale concessions, andthe miners are

quently prosperous and contented

Trmense orders from abroad are going begs
ginw in the central field. Soine of the more
lucrative ones hia been taken by concerns
having bottoms to shipt nd as 4 result acone
siderable trade in coal is being developed with
Mediterranean and North Sea ports. Brite
ish shippers have been driven out of the Mexe
t, and Pennevivania is fire

Fear

cole

 

  

  
 
 
  

   

jean mark now
nishing y oll the coal used in the sister
republic, shipping overland.

The miners in this region will not give assiate
anee to the anthracite men should they go
out. They consider the flelds as competing,
and remember that the anthracite men rene
dered them no aid during the big bituminous
strikes in 1804 and 1807,

CAR WRICKS AN AWBULANCE,

 

Driver and Policeman Knocked Unconsctons
—Doctor and Patient Litthe Hart.

William Johnson of 546 Tenth avenue fel
out of 1 three-story window in the Metropolitan
Opera House at Fortleth street and Seventh
avenue atil o'clock Jast night. An ambuines
was called from Roosevelt Hospital, and with
1! Policeman Hauck and the surgeon,
the driver started for the hospital

At Pifty-ela@hth streetand kK ehth avenue the
ulance was a@truck by asouth-bound trol-
ear and Dr. Frinek ,the driver aud the po-
iceman were thrown cut. Jobnson remained
{n the ambulance, which was upset and badly
damaged. A crowd gathered and fished John-
son out of the ruins. He was placed ina chair
on the s.dewalk, but in afew moments that was
also upset by the crowd

After this third shock, Johnson got on his
feet and wanted to help the erowd in attending
to the dr.ver and Hauck. While Dr, Frinck waa
only shahtly hurt, Lawton, the driver, and
Hauck were both unconscious, Theambuiance
was righted after awhile, «a wheel that had
been knocked off wa= replaced and then a citi-
zen drove the ambulance to the hospital,

At the hospital Lawton remained unconscious
for more than an hour, and Hauck _ was insen-
sible ‘or half an hour. Both suffered badly
fromshock. Patrick Duffy, the motorman of
the car, was arrested

BROOKLYN POLICE FOOLED

They Took Shenandoah" Mosketry Fire for
a Safe Explosion and Kurglars.

When the Brooklyn Police Headquarters
was moved to 16 Smith street at the beginning
of the summer, the Bijou Theatre, next door
was closed “Shenandoah,” is announced to
play at the theatre this week and the com-
pany was rehearsing last night. About 10:45
o'clock, Capt. MeNamara and Seret. Stod-
dard were seated in the Detective Bureau when

    

}

  
 

 

they were stertled by an explosion

That's the safe in the theatre next door,"
shouted McNamara, and there's burglars
there

Ile and Stoddard ren into the back vard and

peered into the offlee of the theatre, looking
for the burglar dust then there was a volley
of musketry

“It's only a rehearsal,” the Captain said
ne hope the boys haven't seen us come out
ere

MeNamara and_ Stoddard sauntered back
into the Detective Bureau trying to look as if
nothing had happened There was a good
deal of lenghter fn the bureau last night, but
MeNamara and Stoddard did not seem to en-
joy the fun

SHOWER OF BAD HALF DOLLARS,

Third Avenae Storekeepers Victimized by the
Dozen by Two Slick Young Men,

Shopkeepers along Third avenue have lately

been troubled by a deluge of counterfeit fifty-

cent pieces, Complaints entered at Police
Headquarters pointed ty) two young men «as
being responsible for the cireulation of the

worthlesa coins

Last Saturday Detectives Barnett and Wines
of the Detective Bureau saw the two men at
Third avenue and Fourteenth street and fol-
lowed them around from place to place for
about an hour, In that time the detectives
ji ked up fourteen bad tifty-cent pieces which
md been passed by the pair They were ar-
rested and at Pollee Headquarters described
themselves as John Alder of 16 Bast Twelfth
street and Lester H. Bennett of 236 hast Forty-
third street, Both said they were bartenders

 

  

 

 

 

In the Jefferson Market police court yesterday
they » remanded into the eustody of the
Federal authorities

 

Shirt Waist Makers’ Strike Settied.

[t was reported vesterday by the union that
the strike of the shirt waist makers in M, I.
Nathan & Co.'s factory, 114 Spring streat, which
lasted several weeks, had been settled Dur-
ing the strike the strikers, who were nearly all
girls, made life miserable for the non-union
girls, until the Central Facerated Union, which
Was asked to try ana seattle the «trike, refused
to cdoanything unless the pickets behaved bette:
It was said yesterday that this hastened the set
tlement of the strike

NO MORE CONCISE AGGREGAIONT

of Real Estate News is to be found In an
medium than that printed in Tae SUN eac
day.—Adv.

SERRE RRR EEE ee

 

! Communteation Between Tientsin and Pekin

     

  

NEGOTIATIONS IN PEKIN. |

PRINCE CHING RETURNS TO THE CITY
UNDER JAPANESE ESCORT.

 

Commanication Uctween Chinese Ministers |
ao Representatives of Allied Powers)
Vung La and His Family Suicides Boxer
{

 

Leaders Court-Martialled for Massacres.
Special Cable Despatches (o THE SUN.

SHANGHAI, Sept, 7.—The mail has brought
a number of delayed messages from the north,
One from Pekin says that the Grand Censor
an Imperial Secretary and an unnamed member
of the Tsung-li-Yamen conferred with Sir ¢ ‘laude
Macdonald, the British Minister, on Sept. 1,
preparatory to opening negotiations. Prince
Ching was expected to arrive in Pekin on Sept. 3.

The British have seized Fengtai, an important
position south of Pekin. They met with bo
opposition,

Three hundred men of the Sixth United States
Cavalry defeated 600 Boxers in the Imperial
hunting park, killing thirty of them and capt-
uring many prisoners. The Boxers were armed
with spears and swords

PERKIN, Sept. 1, via Tox1o, Sept. 7.—It is
reported that Gen. Yung Lu, together with
all tho members of his family, has committed
suicide

The Emperor {s at Heuen Hwa Fu

Rome, Sept. ® -The Messagero saya that
Marquls Raggi, the Italian Minister at Pekin,
officially reports a decision to institute a spe-
cial commission to maintain order in the cap-
ital. The commission will be made up of chief
officers selected from the allies. The Minis
ter adds that the Boxers who instigated the
massacres are being tried by court martial,

Pants, Sept. 9.—M. Pichon, the French Min-
ister to China, reports that when the troops
marched through the Imperial palace on Aug.
28 the diplomats accompanied them. They
were received by several Ministers and mem-
bers of the Tsung-li-Yamen.

LONDON, Sept. 10.—-A despatch to the Tele-
graph from Hong Kong, dated Sept. 8 says
that Gen. Gaselee, the British commander,
has telegraphed to the Government to send
no more troops to China,

The papers this morning print somewhat
prominently a news agency report from Pekin,
dated Aug. 30 via Shanghai, Sept. 7, to the effect
that the Germans are initiating an attempt to
organize an allied force for active operations in
the Provinee of Chili, The various command-
era have beon requested to codperate by
contributing men before Field Marshal von
Waldersee's arrival. The project has not yet
been agreed to. Ut 's understood that a majority
of the commanders have referred the proposal
to their Governments. The purpose of the pro-
posed force is not clearly understood. It is be-
Neved that one object of the expedition is Pao-
ting-fu, where Chinese are reported to be mass-
ing. The diplomatic situation in Pekin, itis
added, is becoming complicated

The despatch further says that the Russiana,
Japanese and Germans were pushing troops
from Tientsin to Pekin

WASHINGTON, Sept, 9.--The firat oMcial infor-
mation that Prince Ching had reached Pekin
came to the Japanese legation to-day in the fol-
lowing cable despatch from the foreign office at
Tokio

Gen. Yamaguchi cables as follows: ‘Col
Shiba, who was sent with a company of cavalry
to Taing-Ho, Sept. 3 Prince Ching
back to Pekin. The Princes’ residence being |
in the district oceupied by the Japanese, is
guarded by them. Previous to his arrival the
Prince communicated with Major-Gen. FPuku-
shima, saving that on account of the present

rave situation he had been ordered by the
Limperor to return to Pekin to arrange affairs }
immediately. The district in
the Japanese is now quiet and in order, and the
Chinese, entertaining no fear, have resumed |
their business. The railway south of Yangtsun
is working, but it when |
the communicaluon beyond that place will be

escorted

\

 

possession of |

is impossible to say

reopened.’ ”

 

TO

EXPEDITION RESCUE EMPEROR.

Viceroy of Yoonen Starts North for Kwang-Sa
~—Looting of Pekia,
Spectal Cadle liespaich to THE SUN,
London, Sept. 10—'The Shanghai corre-
epoudent of the Standerd, in a despatch dated |

  

that Sang Pau, a Manchu Viceroy
rthward on Sept

pt &, save
of Yunnan, started pn 5Switha
large force to rescue the Emperor j
The correspondent adds that an mr vial |
decree hus been iseued aiming to prove that the
Dowaser Kinpress was throughout ignorant
of the attacks on the foreigners and was not
connected therewith
Bitter complaints

arrive of the conduct of

the troops in Pekin, It is said that they are
looting the city, robbing both foreign and
Chinese civillans indiscriminately,

A correspondent in Pekin telegraphs that

the Chinese there generally believe that the
foreigners are afraid to destroy the Imperial
Palace or a Meial buildings

Yut Sien, Governor of Shansi, has memorial-
ized the Dowager Empress asking her approval
of the murder of fifty-one missionaries in his
yunen at Taiyuen-fu

ny of the ¢

The American Mistionarv Association has
held a large meeting in Shanghai at which
resolutions were passed asking the United

States to insist upon the reform of the Chinese
Government, enumerating as the principal
changes necessary the appointment of honest
officials, the abolition of illegal executions
and torture, reform of the judiciary, the con-
firmation of missionaries in their treaty privi-
leges, the protection of Chinese converts and
the adequate punishment of guilty officials,
Bishop Graves asserted that 167 missionaries
were known to have been killed. More than
a hundred are still missing. Hundreds more
lost everything they possessed

 

ORDERS TO MINISTER CONGER. |

This Government Desires to Commanicate With
the Chinese Impertal Authorities. |
WASHINGTON, Sept ®--Mintster Conger has
been ordered to cable immediately his advice
as to the quickest method of communicating |
with the Chinese Imperial Government, and |
also to inform the State Department of his |
views on the subject of peace negotiations
Knowing the Chinese as he does and the con- |
ditions that exist in the Far East to-day, this |
Government is disposed to take Mr Conger's
advice in dealing with that Government for a
settlement, and his reply will be awaited with
interest. It is hoped that with the means of

/ communication pow in order between Shang-

hai and Pekin, a reply from the American Min-
ister will be received before the end of this
week

Japan took early steps to let it be known |
that she favored harmonious action by the
Powers in China in occupying Pekin, Her
reply to this effect bas been sent to St. Peters.
burg, and now the only one of the great Powers
*considering” Kussia’s proposal is Great Britain
It ia admitted here, however, that the formal
notification of this Government by the Powers
of Europe of their intentions toward China have
been far from satisfactory, The representa-

tives of the United States in European capitals,
ina measure, have been informed as to the pur-
port of the replies of the governments to which |
they

are accredited, but there has not been

exchange of citeuwar. correspondence
een the Powers and the United States in |
which this country set the exam ple

 

 

WIRES CUT EVERY PAY,

 

 

—~Germans Want American Harracks.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THER SUN
TIENTSIN, Sept. 1— The telegraph between
this place and Pekin is cut every day by Boxers
Communication with the capital is most pre-
The British-American telegraph line
Governinental and military |

earicus
is carrying all

 

 

men and are conveniently situated on the river

messages, except those of the Russians and
eagane
he Germans at Tientsin propose to eviet |
the Americans from certain large warehouses |
which the tatter have occupied since their |
arrival The warehouses are owned by China- |
‘

side. It will be dificult for the Americans to
find other winter quarters, as the remaining |
suitable bulldings are ocoupied by other troops. 5

| farmhand,

| discovered a few

   

———————

In Boarding Houses

a choice of two cereals, for Breakfast, in order

there is apt to be

 
  

——— eee

—

to please everybody. If

body.

 

All Grocers. - =

COOK’S FLAKED RICE CO.,

COOK’S

FLAKED RICE

were served, one would satisfy every-

It is so easily digested that all

may eat it fearlessly, and then it is so
little trouble to prepare.

ABSOLUTELY NO COOKING.

Full directions and book of tested receipts

in every package.

Large package, 15 Cts.

1 Union Square, N. Y. City

  

The delightful flavour and un-
mistakable aroma peculiar to

“CANADIAN
CLUB”
WHISKY

make a High Ball or Rickey
unusually satisfying. Water
cannot wash out the flavor of
“CANADIAN CLUB.” ~<

MURDER OF CHAS, BROWER. |

 

ANOTHER LINK IN THE CHAIN OF

EVIDENCE AGAINST AUSTIN,

His Wife Confesses That Fourteen Years Ago
Austin Told Her He Had Killed Brower
and Thrown His Boay in the Well, Where
the Skeleton Was Found a Few Days Ago.

PovouKFErsiz, Sept. 9.—Another link has
been forged in the chain of evidence against
Peter Austin, accused of the murder of his
Charles Brower, fourteen years

 

| ago, by the confession of his wife, who saya

that her husband killed Brower and threw
his body into the well, where his skeleton was
days ago. Austin’s
posure was not disturbed by the damaging
admissions of his wife. He dismissed her
confession with the remark that she was out
of her mind and that her health had been fail-
ing for twelve years past. lie reiterated his
story that on the day Brower dleappeared
he last saw lim sitting on a stone wall, ighting

com

| his pipe, after he had opened a gate for him

to drive his team through. Mrs, Austin's
confession is as follows

Sept. 6, 1900.—-Veter came hore the nigbt the
crime was committed. ‘The date I do not
know, i “Where ts Charley
Brower?’ Peter told me he had killed him,
Before the crime was committed Peter told
Charley to put up a fence, and Charley said;
‘IT will put it up this time, but I'll never putit
up again.’ Peter told this to me when he came
in that night. Atter Peter had killed Brower
he came home and asked me what time the
moon came up, and Il said, ‘What do vou want
to know for?’ He said: ‘1 want to throw
rower in the well.’ 1 asked Peter where he
had put Brower and he said: ,In the weil by
the chestnut tree 1 said: ‘For God's sake,
what did you do that for?’ Peter said he had
killed Brower before he threw him in the well,
After Brower had been missing quite a while
Peter put on Brower’s pants and wore them

suid two him

out. I said to Peter: ‘I would be afraid that
Brower would anges to me,’ and Peter made
no Teply. Last Thursday Veter said to me
‘They have dug Brower up I said: ‘For
God's sake, what will 1 do?’ He said; ‘You
will have to do the best you can.’ J] said: ‘I

will be left all alone,’ and Peter made no reply,
but turned and went away Il make this as a
confession to be the truth, 80 help me God
FRANCES AUSTIN,"
“I, as a witness, heard this confession
THomes D. Writ,
“Henry Baum.”

The motive for the crime, =o far as it is now
eatablished, seems to be quarrels between Aus-
tin and Brower over wages. Austin appurentiy
owed Brower between $200 and $3800, which
he was unable to pay They had a scuffle
the year previous to Brower's disappeara
which resulted in Brower's left lew being br: n
between the knee and ankle. The movements
of Austin and his wife after Brower's disap-
pearance indicate that they knew he aa
notfreturn. Mra. Austin’s story fully coincides
with the evidence of Abraham Harris taken
before Coroner Sevier .

But little is known of Charles Brower's ante-
cedents. He worked at different times for
Austin and generally went South during the
winter Jt is supposed that he had some money
as he spent but little and was what a witness
before the Coroner described as a gentleman
farmhand No one around Stormville knew
him before he went to work for Austin, but it
was understood that he efme from Wappin-
ger's Valle or New Hambureh At the time
of his disappearance he was about 45 veara of
age, about 6 feet Finches in height and weighed

 

about one hundred and fifty pounds Austin
has frequently contradicted himself on the en}
feet of Rrower’s disappearance, having told
one man that he had reeeived a letter from
Brower and thet he was down South: another |

that he was at the Tilly Powter mine, and a third
that he had never heard from Brower

NO TO RUSSIA,

Refases to Withdraw Her Troops From Pekin
Emperor's Stettin Speech,

 

 

SAYS

GERMANY

 

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN

Beruin, Sept. 9—Germany has
refused to aceede to the proposal of Russia
looking tothe evaciiation of Pekin by the armies
of the allied Powers It is the belief in official
circles that Germany, Great Britain and Japan
will keep their forces in the Chinese capital,
and that the Russians, Americans and French
will withdraw to Tientsin

Three versions have

definitely

  

been published of the

apeech delivered by Emperor William to the |

officers at the naval manmuvres at Stettin
on Friday. In the first reports of the speech
his Majesty was quoted as caving in reference
to China ‘Lam convinced that my plan will
suiceeed,” but in the last version published this
phrase does not appear

How WE LOST PRINCE LIS PALACE,

Frenchmen Got It Away From Americans
“Chung Li Held for Von Kettoler’s Murder,

Speeial Cable liespatch to THe Stn
LONDON, Sept 10—The prints
despatch, dated Aug 21, saying that in the Ap-
portionment of the city to the control of the
different nations the Americans throngh ig-
norance permitted a rectification of the French
quarter, adjoining the American quarter, which
transferred from American to French POSBeS.
sion the palace of Prince Li, the richest ir Pekin,

Times

stocked with treasures wort! probably @1 quo.
on

Acoording to the fines correspondent,
Chung Li, the military commandant of Pekin
who was recently reported to have been ar-

rested, was responsible for the murder of Baron
von Ketteler, the German Minister. He ig oonh-
fined under German jurisdiction,

t Pekin |

|

 

 
   
 
      
   
       
 

Dress Goods.

We are showing

Plain and Novelty
Dress Fabrics

from the leading manufac.
turers,

France, Germany,
LEingland and America
represented.

The indications from the
leading dress makers of
Europe are that woolen fab-
rics will prevail.

Lord & Taylor,

Broadway & 20th St,

   

 

WHOLE BRIGADE ARRESTED.

 

Accused of Selling Fodder Belonging te the
French Government,
Special Cable Despaichto THE SUN
Parts, Sept. 9.—The whole gendarmerie bri-
gade at St. Pol de Leon, in Finisterre, has been
arrested for selling oats and other fodder be-
longing to the Government.

 

Mer. Gouthe-Soulard Dead,
Specta’ Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Parts, Sept. 0 —Mer. Francois Xavier Gouthe-
Soulard, Archbishop of Alix, whore troubles
with the Government some years ago were the
subject of widespread comment in France and
abroad, died to-day. He was born Sept. 1, 1820

  

Another Plague Case tn Glasgow.
Special Cable Despatch to THF SUN
GLASGOW, Sept. 9--Another patient who is
suspected to be suffering with the plague wns
taken to the hospital to-day. Three more
cases are under observation

Fishing Party Stranded.

ATLANTIC City, N. J., Sept. & -A fishing
Party of twelve persons, the guest. of Willian
G. Layer of Philadelphia, had an adventure
this morning in the inlet nearly oppos ts (he
Royal Palace Hotel. The sloop yacht Dart,
Capt. Samuel Monroe, on which they were pa -

sengers, stranded on Giddle Ground bar while
the tide wastaliing. Thecaptainandpa se eer
struggled vainly fortwo hours to wet the eral
a‘ioat. Cart. Monroe finally set signals of
distress, Which were answeced by the life -av-
ing crew, The passengers were landed -@tely
toward noon and later the yacht was floated

 

   

 

Be Cood to

Your Stomach,
TAKE

VICHY ;
CELESTINS
3

with your meals,

It aids digestion,
and its medicinal qualities
heeps your stomach in good order,

Vichy is Imported only in bottles

NOTE. So-Called Vichy ta
Syphons Is Not Vichy.

At First Class Druggists, Grocers,
Hotels and Cafes

General Agency, 220 Broadway. N.Y.

SOOO F 900000000 006-006050006

NET_RANNERS AND BUNTING FLAG

Fo douse and fampake”
Varpows sib tps ”

 

Pe Pana 1 tf Stor
with o @lithoutcamesor @
idawe Prananacenctea and
vwoer amoaian cords write

 

w catatoques and estimates

JA JOEL 8 60, toast! 2 WY. tity.

 

 

 

Ss=>2c ~~