would be interesting, and, no doubt,
surprising, to know how many pedallers
of both sexes are now anxious to wrest the
laurels for long-distance road riding from
Mrs. Emma R. Bayne, who, last month,
excelled all previous performances of the
sort by covering 4,500 miles within thirty
. | days, And wheelwomen who have earned

MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1900.

—--— =

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpald. a dozen or more “ century bara” have mani-
DAILY, per Month “= ae fested a strong desire to eclipse the time
BeeAE ose Yesd ee go | Tecord for 1,500 miles made in July by Mrs. |
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year 00 | JANE LINDSAY | |
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month... . Go In reviewing some of the happenings |

which have taken place sin¢e last January
we must not overlook the spirit of friend-
linesa which has sprung up between cyclists
| and the owners of automobiles. With the
needs and objects of the wheelmen and

It our friends who favor us with manuscripts for the automobilists 80 closely identified,
publication w sh to Nave rejected articies returned, they | there have been unmistakable signs of a
mus! in ai! cases send stamps for that purpose | disposition on the part of both to unite

ss = their efforts in the common interest, and
The President to the People | eapectally for the general Improvement |
as min falda antares ia.| of the country's roads. The League of

Mr. McKiniay's letter of accepta | the cyclists and the Automobile Club of |
printed in full this morning. In one re- |) scica have come to recognize the ad- |
apect it is unique among documents of its | vantages to be derived from the coopera. |
kind Excepting e Very coe phrases { tion of the two bodies, and it is safe to aay |
directly applicable 2 tne Omri ” that their union would be wratifying like
might serve without alteration as President wise to the public atlarge. What the wheel-
MoRiniat's regular annus! menage ‘0 men have already accomplished unaided |
Congress and to the vountry, As such, it must be apparent to every one; and it Is |
would take high rank among the ablest and certain that much more might be done with
most satisfactory State papers that have the help of additional influence and organ
dignified the official annals of this Govern- ised resolution.
mens at the most eventful periods of our In the meantime, the cooler weather of |
national history . \ the present month will enable the wheel-

Mr. McK INLRY answers squarely n+ men and the chauffeurs to enjoy thelr epine
watan 6 challenge to B second battle 08 the tothe fullestextent. Between now and next
Hinen OF 1606. a gold standard must be spring there will be ample time to consider
maintained. ‘The present conditions of do- what course should be followed for the
mestic industry and foreign trade, the gat | hattetenent of Xue hah@aie
isfactory state of the Government's finances | _
and the credit of the nation are threatened .
now as then. The challenge comes in the
platforms of the disturbers and would-be
destroyers of the prosperity of capitalist
and laboring man alike, and it comes in the ,
words of the candidate who declared four | private car to be attached to a regular
years ago that though defeated he would | train on that line was just as true as lying,
continue the warfare just the same; the | Jt wasa phantom, a Bryan spook as real as
Bryan who said in 1806 ' imperialism or the green cheese moon, In

“If there is any one wh» believes the gold standard | denying the story, however, Mr. Rooers |
is @ good thing, of that!t must Le maintained, I warn | has done a service to Mr. Bryan, whose |

| zeal against monopolists is notorious. Mr.

Rooens recalls the fact that one of the |

directors of the Ohio River road, ‘a large |

stockholder of the Standard Ol] Company,

| presided at Col. BRYAN'S meeting at Par-
kersburg.

The name of this erring Bryanite and Oc-

topod is the Hon, Jonnson N, CAMDEN, and

| he used to be a Democratic Senator in Con-

That issue fa at the front; whatever ques- | gross from West Virginia. |
tion may be labe! #1! as “ paramount,”’ whe | At Cambridge, Ohio, on Sept. 7, Mr.
demand for the unlimited free coinage of sil- | BRYAN sald

Postage to foreign countries added
Tuw SUN, New York City,

PARIS—Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, avd
Kiosque No, 10; Boulevard des Capucines

 

 

The Wolf in the Fold

The genuinely Bryanesque story that Mr.
' Hf. H. Rouprs, President of the Ohio River
Railroad, hadrefused to allow Mr. BRYAN’s

him not to cast bis vote for me, beoause I promise him
ft will not be maintained tn this country longer than!
am able to get rid of {t"

And this is President McKINL®yY’s reply:

“We accept the iasue and again invite the sound
money forces to join in winning another, and. we
hope, permanent triumph for an honest financial sy*
tem which will continue Invlolable the publie faith.”

ver at the ratio of sixteen to one is marked

“immediate "in the Kansas City platform |

as in the Sioux Falls platform; while all | magnates vote and then vote the other way ’

the several political organizations uniting | We invite the doubting workingman, and

on Bryan declare that their efforts shall be | jn particular Mr. Bryan, who works hard |

unceasing until the Gold act is repealed and | as a farmer with a camera, to watch how

free silver at sixteen to one enacted in its the Hon, JouNSON N. CAMDEN Votes,

stead. | To think that this money changer and
The considerable portion of the letter de- | monopolist should have presided at a Bryan |

voted to the events growing out of the war | meeting!

with Spain will carry conviction wherever ,

{t isread. The policy of the Administra- Ten-Cent Cotton and Bryan.

tion inthe Philippines has been the only Spot cotton, or cotton for immediate

policy possible to an honest and patriotic | delivery, sold in this market on Saturday

Executive, Step by step the President re- | at 10! , cents a pound as against 6 7-16 cents |

{

“If the workingman does not know how to vote to
order to burt the Trusts, he should watch the Trust

 

traces it from its inception down to to-day. | q pound on that day last year, The high |
There was noalliance with the Aguinaldists prices for it that have prevailed during
no promise of independence to them at any | the present year, with the renewed advance
time. The only alternative was between | ¢)ereof and the great activity in the cotton
holding the islands and turning them over | market in the last three weeks, are not only
to an unscrupulous coterie of Tagalog poli- | q gratifying feature of our business pros-
ticians and adventurers. At no timeafter | perity but serve to illuminate the cardinal
the destruction of Montoso’'s fleet could we principle of Bryanism, namely, that the
or should we have left the Philippines. | yajyes of commodities in this country,
Before the Treaty of Paria was ratified, especially those produced upon farms,
AGUINALDO and his followers turned upon | have been continuously and unduly de-
us murderously and without a shadow of | preased by the adoption of the gold |
Justification. Since then the duty of the | standard |
Administration has been plain. No power) sinew last December we have frequently
but Congress can alienate the territory or | called attention to the extraordinary con-
relinquish the sovereignty acquired by the | ditions in our cotton market. Fora al
treaty which BRYAN helped to ratify. The | time the yearly crops of American cotton
proposition of Mr. BkYAN and others to | have been large. It seemed as though
establish a stable Government in the | nothing could avert Southern planters |
interest of the Tagalog insurgents, and | gro the habit of planting cotton to the |
to protect it when established, is not) exclusion of all other staples; while during
only a proposition to make the mur-| many seasons the weather throughout |
derers of Lawton and our soldiers our! he eotton belt was exceedingly favor-
agents in conveying to the Filipinos the | anie As there was no such proportionate
blessings of liberty and order which we) increase in the demand for the article
have promised them, but it is alsoacom- | the price of cotton necessarily decreased.
mittal to the military and naval support of | ay the beginning of the cotton season last
an authority not our own, requiring on our year, that is, on Sept. 1, 1800, a vast store
part the use of an army and navy farlarger | o¢ ootton had accumulated in the ware-
than is now maintained, and involving the | jouses of the world, forming what is known

very easence of ‘militarism '’ in its most | in the trade as the visible supply. For
offensive form. The real “issue,” styled | the season then beginning a further
imperialism" -by Bryan, Mr. McKINLEY | greatly increased acreage of land de-

sums up in asingle sentence:

** Whether it is paramount to any other or not, it is
whether we shall be responsible for the government |
of the Philippines with the sovereignty and authority |
which enable usto Gulde them to regulated liberty,
law, safety and progress, or whether we shall be re
sponsible for the forcible and arbitrary government
of a minority without sovereignty and authority on
our part, and with only the embarrassment of a pro
tectorate which draws us into thelr troubles without
the power of prevenUng them.”

The unusual quality of the entire letter,
with {its temperately worded and calmly
reasoned statement of results and purposes,
will, we think, impress every reader. The
tone of the letter of acceptance marks the
immeasurable distance between the respon-

voted to cotton had been planted. The
weather had been apparently propitious
through the summer and another bumper |
crop of cotton seemed inevitable. Mr. Henny
Net. and the other agents of English
importing houses here predicted a crop
of over 11,000,000 bales; consequently the
| English consumers steadfastly declined to |
| buy cotton in the spring and summer of last |
year, save in small quantities, feeling that
before the end of the year they would secure
all they wanted at the lowest prices ever |
known. Aa compared with the business of
the previous year, the purchases of Ameri-
ean cotton for foreign markets fe!l off over

sible servant of the people, who has justly $40,000,000. But as the season went on the
"| receipta of cotton from the plantations

earned their confidence, and the political |
adventurer boxing the compass of sophis- | fell off and the surety of a large crop
tical and passionate rhetorio in his frantic | “iminished. The Southern planters be-
bid for office. The contrast we get here is | came convineed that the erop was much |
not merely one of policies or political ideas leas than it was belteved to he by the Eng-
or points of view regarding undisputed lish buyers, and they held” their cotton to |
facts, but of individual character and per- | & &reat extent. The result was a deadlock |
in the price of the staple, but with a con-

sonal trustworthiness,
a , _ | tinual decrease in the amount of the Eng-
lish visible supply of it. This went o

Bicycles and Automobiles, | February, un the Liverpool a
While many persons fond of outdoor | and the ¥Manchester spinners began to
pastimes have this year turned their atten- | suspect that they, and not the Southern
tion from the bicycle to the automobile, | planters, were in the wrong, The sts-
it should not be asaimed that the wheel picion turned to certainty as the weeks
has become friendiess. A glance at the do- | went on. A great rise in cotton resulted,
ings of the wheelmen since last April, in- | beginning as usual slowly, and then pro-
cluding their runs, races and resolutions, | ceeding more rapidly and culminating in
will be sufficient to convince any one that | a period of great speculation and excites
the ranks of the cyclists have been well | ment. The notable attempt and failure of
filled and that their wheels have not ceased | Messrs. Prtce and McCormick in this city
to revolve. | toruna corner in the staple is still fresh in

The professional riders have made the | the publie mind
geason one of repeated record-breaking, | At that time, after detailing the
and wheelmen less ambitious to win prizes | eonditions then prevailing in the cotton
and applause have established a reputa- | market, we said: “ 1f, in addition, the plant-
tion for fairness and good conduct on the | ing for the next years crop, now not very
road which entitles them to general admira- | far away, should be attended with un-
tlon. Through the exercise of caution favorable climatic conditions and it should
and good judgmant on their part accidents | otherwise become probable that another
have been comparatively few, probably | short erop of cotton would be raised, sen-
leas than a dozen of a serious nature having | gational prices for the staple will occur.”
been reported in New York as the result | We are now bound to chronicle the fact
of downright carelessness. This state of | that, in some degree, at least. this has
things, while exceedingly oreditable to the | pcourred, and that the end of it does not
wheelmen, has also served to relieve greatly | yet seem to be in sight. The cotton crop of
the minds of the parenta of young riders 1809-1900 turns out to be only 9,439,559 bales
The season of 1900 will be remembered, | against 11,235,983 bales for 1808-99. While a
particularly by the champions and would- very large cotton acreage was planted this
» re for the part taken by women spring the weather attending the growing
esate of records. Indeed, it erop has been, gf not exactly disastrous, at

   

 

‘

| miles.
| within the past eighteen years, are:

| The

ete

gw bl tac Lt PALAY

ta oa

 

least bad. No one in the cotton trade now
prophesies a crop in the coming season
greater than 10,600,000 bales. The amount
of cotton in open store in the world was on
Sept. 1 only 744,059 bales, the lowest visible
supply known in a generation, and com-
paring with three times that quantity on
Sept. 1, 1800, The .quantity of Ameri-
can cotton ordinarily consumed each
year is about 11,500,000 bales. It is clear,
thus, that there will be barely enough cot-
ton “to go around” in the next twelve
months. But on the other hand, the high

| prices for the staple will diminish the con-
what |

Kumption of it, and in this way
would otherwise be one of the greatest con-
vulsions the cotton world has ever known
will be averted. At ameeting of the Man-
chester spinners, held on Friday, it was
resolved to shut down the mills in that

land the Lena Delta, for example?

section and toabstain from buying cotton |

during the remainder of the present month.

| While it isnot probable that any such gen-

eral cessation will continue for any length of
time, a considerable curtailment of English
manufacture is almost certain, and this
fact must modify any view as to the future
price of cotton based on statistics of the
cotton supply alone. Spot cotton is now
selling at 10 cents a pound or over through-
out the country, the highest prices seen
for a decade, That these prices will not
decline and may even go higher before
the cotton year ts over seems probable.
All these facta are very important to
the Southern planters, but their importance
to the whole country Just now is in
the light they throw on Bryanlsm. No
one, not even Mr. Bryan himself, can
spend more than ten minutes in a study
of the American cotton market for the
year Just ended without perceiving that
the great rise in the price of cotton that has

occurred haa been due to the all-powerful |

operation of the forces of supply and de-
mand and to thoae forces alone. From
the fact that Mr. Bryan's speeches were

mostly addressed to Western farmers, the |

popular conviction of the fallacy of their
argumenta has been largely determined by
the rise in the price of wheat and other
grain products of the West; but of coourme
if there was anything in the Bryan theory
that there was not enough money In circu-
lation and that hence prices of things bought
by money were improperly depressed,
the cotton market would be as «ure an in-
dieation of it as the wheat market, and
even surer, because the value of our coun-
try's cotton erop each year is several times
that of its wheat crop. Mr. Bryan has never
seemed to lay great stress in his speeches
in the South upon the low prices of the
staple peculiar to that region as proving
his monetary theories, largely, perhaps,
because he was shrewd enough to know
that the Southern people, who have so
long ralsed cotton and bought and sold it
speculatively, were themselves aware of
what the sole conditions were that affected
its value

Ten-cent cotton ts a great deal more
than dollar wheat, and it ts a whole barrel
full of nails in the Bryan coffin.

The Nearest Approach to the Pole.

In attaining the latitude of 86 degrees
33 minutes, the sledge party of the Duke
of the Apruzzt advanced to within about
229 atatute miles of the North Pole, The
sledging party under command of Capt.

| CaGNr attained a point 21.85 statute miles

nearer the pole than that reached by Nan-
sEN on April 7, 1805. The Italian expe-
dition, therefore, has uot areatly surpaased
NANSEN, Who, on the other hand, made a

| long step in advance when he attained | fs

farthest north, for he surpassed Lock woop's
of May, 1882, by 105,50 statute
The four highest records, all made
The
Duke of the ABRU7Z1, 1900, 239.15 statute
miles from the pole; NANSEN, 1896, 261
miles; The Fram, 1895 (during her drift
after NANSEN left her), 280.55 miles; Lock-
WooD, 1882, 456.50 rniles.

The achievement of the Duke of the
Aprnvuzz1 makes it more certain than ever
that the attainmen of the North Pole fs
now a question only of time and money.
His work is unexampled in the fact that
only a year after he was reported to have
reached coast of Franz Josef
Land, over 450 miles south of the highest
point he attained, he was in open water,

record

the south

 

Soi OSS -

| his friends.

bound for home, and the telegraph had ;

already flashed the news of his success
and hia return all over the world, All other
expeditions, except PARRY's, conspicuous
for high northing made, were in the Arctic
two or more years. .

It may be some weeks before we receive
an adequate account of the experiences
and main results of the Itallan expedition.
news received from Hammerfest

| or Troms6 of returning Arctic expeditions

is invariably meagre It was weeks after
NaNnSFN'S return had been reported before
the longitude of his nearest approach to the
pole was known. It is necessary, of course,
to know both latitude and longitude in
order to understand clearly where explora-
tions have been made and to indicate them
on the maps. The despatches do not give
the longitude of the point attained by the
Italian party, but one bit of {information
justifies an inference which is, without

doubt, approximately true. The expe-
dition, in going north, visited the stone
hut in which Dr. Nansen and Lieut.
JOHANNSEN lived from Aug. 26, 1885, to

May 19, 1896, nine months, subsisting on
bear and walrus meat and making new
clothing from blankets and sleeping bags
from bearskins. This hut was alittle weet
of 5A degrees east longitude, and the fact
that it was visited on the northern journey
makes it possible to indicate the route
that was followed by the Italians on their
dash for the North Pole,

A little overa year ago the expedition was
at Cape Flora, south of the eightieth parallel,
at the southern end of the British Channel,
This channel is a wide, island-free arm
of the sea passing north and south through
the middle of the Franz Josef Land arehi-
pelago. At its northern end is Cape Nor-
way, on which stands NANSEN's hut. The
desire of the expedition waa to reach the
pole if possible. Therefore it would not
make a detour of 12 degrees of longitude
to the east, or 9 to the west, in order
to follow a route east or west of the archi-
pelago, but would take the best or most
direet route through the British Channel
and keep a northerly course as nearly as
possible, We know they started from the
south end of the British Channel and we hear
of them at Cape Norway, the north end,
It is therefore probable that the highest
point reached by the Italians was along the
northern continuation of this route some
a0 degrees of longitude west of NANSEN's
farthest, or 150 miles or 0, a degree
of longitude being very short when meas-
ured so near the pole,

There is no reason to believe that the
expedition discovered any new lands;
that might have been possible if success-

ful sledging had been prosecuted in the
unknown waters to the east or west of the
archipelago. The scientific results are said
to have been satisfactory. It will be in-
teresting to compare them with those of
NANSEN, whose greatest discovery on his
brilliant journey was that the sea east
and northeast of Franz Josef Land is two
miles deep. Ilave the researches of the
Italians in these waters proved that this
deep sea covers the more westerly region
they visited; and have they obtained
further evidence strengthening the con-
clusion reached from NANnsen's data that,
owing probably to the vast predominance
of water, the mean temperature, in this
part of the far north is higher than along
parts of the Asian coast, in the Kara Sea
These
questions merely illustrate the interesting
nature of some of the polar phenomena
upon which, it may be hoped, the Duke
of the Apnuzzi's expedition will throw
further light,

The brilliant success of the party in its
main purpose, which was to reach a very
high latitude, is, of course, due in part
to the long experience of its predeceasors,
who perfected appliances for travel and
methods of living and working in polar
regions. The expedition cost $200,000,
about as much as either England or Ger-
many have been abie, with great effort, to
raise for their Antarctic projects, It seems
to have been to the advantage of the Duke
that he is the scion of a royal house, for the
ruling family of Italy helped him raise the
large sum he needed for his equipment.

Gen, Sambo Bowles and the Crickets,

We love tosee Gen. Samno BowLes roam-
{ng once more among the meads of Aga-
wam and full of tender pensive pastoral
thought. For half a day he forgets the
wrongs of the heroie AGUINALDO and the
iniquities of the despot McKIniey. He
turns from the seas of blood inthe Philip-
pines and bathes his eyes, weary and sore,
in the maples and the sumachs. He forgets
the brown Tagals inthe black cherries and
the little red cherries. The next day his
Springfield Republican blossome into a
sweet prose poem which any man would be
the better for writing, He hears no longer
the clanking of chains and the hoofbeats of
the pampered jades of Asia. The grass-
hoppers sing to him, and there is peace in
that perturbed spirit.

The “loud and strident cacophonies" of
the Anti-Imperialist League vex his ear no
more. He ‘hears through the long hours
the rough purrmg or susurrus of the
cricket in the grass."' And what do they
purr or susurr?

“It is a voice that acoords with the temperature,
and says, with philosophic monotony of fteration:
Why work, why worry, why contend, why rebel, why
oppose, why quarrel, why query, why quibble, why
inquire, why vex, why vituperate—be controlled, be
consoled, be content, be composed, be comforted, be
qulet, be gentle, be generous, be steady, be strong!
So goes 00 this ceaseless song, in this constant mood
Is there a lesson herein for the restless and riotous
heartof man? ‘The day brings strife, but calm coun
sels come with the night It is an old story; and
many a chapter of Distory has been changed from
whatit might have been through hours of counsel
with the erfewets and the s'ars—-for thelr influence ts
not diverse, but correlative

Beautiful lesson! Why can't Gen, SamBo
Bowes remember {t in Springfleld? Why
must he worry, contend, rebel, oppose,
quarrel, quibble, vituperate? Why can't he
be consoled, content, composed, comforted?
Why can't he take counsel with the crickets
and the stars, forget imperialism and rest
his thought-bowed head among

“The goldenrods,whieh make the cheer of the road-
sides and the pastures Just now; the members of the
sunflower family that add to the brightness; the white
wood asters; the pretty ground nut; the numerous
trefoils, from the common yellow clover of the trav
elied road to the meliilot and the lespedeza; the rattle-
boxes that so delight the children—all these are living
thelr own lives and enjoying them."

Now he is not enjoying himself at all ex-
cept in Agawam

 

The Hon. Cranencr 8. Darrow of Chicago
tella the Henry George Association of that town
that “few live through a college education and
aurvive the effect,” and he contrasts the prize
fighters and the college professors to the dis-
advantage of the latter. Considering the love
of so many college professors for sentimental
polities! economy and sociology and anti-im-
perialism, Mr. Darrow's words are cruel to

 

The New Jersey Democratic Executive Com-
mittee has a strange source of happineas. It
rejoices because Col, Bryan is to be in New
Jersey four days before election. According
to the Colonel's own confession, the States in
which he «poke in 1896 were the States which he
did not carry. He found tremendous crowds
and was cheered tumultuously, but the voting
madehimead. It isto be assumed that in prom-
ising to come to the East he throws away am-
bition and admits that the boundaries of the
enemy's country have not been changed. But
New Jersey must have an invincible charm
for him. The Octopodicide seeks the Octopus.
‘The Octopus will be pleased and amused to meet
the Octopus Slugger. ’

In reply to a number of correspondents we
have the honor to aay that the Union Reform
party, which has nominated the Hon. SeTH
FEuirs of Ohfo for President and the Hon
Samer, P. Nicnoison of Pennsylvania for
Vice-President, consists mainly of the Hon
Samurn. P. Nresouson and the Hon. Sera
FEuuts; that it stands for the referendum and
addendum, and that it will unite joyously with
anybody who has a heart for a unton of

reforms.

Olney on the Duties of Citizenship.

From his Letter of Aug, 14.

If one citizen may properly withhold his vote, logt-
cally all may, and all the wheels of Government be
stopped.

To decline voting because practically assured that
others will vote Is but to give the latteran undue
share of political power and to forfelt the right to
complain of any abuse of (t

The obligations of citizenship are avotded, not per-
formed, by standing neutral tn an election,

lhe voting power is a@ trust which calls for use and
{s violated by the neglect to use.

From the Boston Daily Advertiser of Sept. 7.

An Adrertiser reporter called at the office of the
Flection Commisstoners yesterday to ascertain if Mr.
Olney bad himself done the duty he so eloquently
preseribed for others, This was the result:

Mr, Olney Is not yet on the voting list of 1900,

Mr. Olney Was not on the voting list of 1809.

Mr, Olney Was not on the voting list of 1894.

Mr. Olney Was noton the voting list of 1897.

Mr. Olney was not on the general voting list of
140%

Hack of this the commissioners did not have time
to go, and research would bs accompanied by Invest
gation of musty volumes in the assessors’ depart
ment—but there is @ suspicion that Mr. Olney voted
for Cleveland In 1402

Guest's Dovine Bedroom Guest.

From the London Standard.

Shortly afler noon yesterday Mr. James Guest,
landlord of the Star Inn, Harpur street, Bedford, had
aremarkable experience. A bullock belonging toa
nelehboring butcher entered the back premises by
the kitehen door and passed several children. Turn
ing tothe right the animal faced the staircase, which

is of a narrow and winding character. It hen walked
quietly upstairs, and at the top was met by Mrs,
Guest with one of the children. She was naturally
much alarmed and rushed into a side room
bullock walked into « bedroom and smashed the
furniture tostoms Hariog prered through the win
dow, which was closed, the anime! Jumped over the
bottom of the bedstead, which was broken in two.
‘The intruder afterward walked downstairs, without
any further damage being done. The room was sub
sequently photographed

t¢

THE SUN, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1900.

SSS Sess SSS SSS
rr

The |

Atid AHI

SCHOOL OPENS TO-DAY.

Room for Not Quite All the 445,000 School
Children of the Clty.

The boys and girls who have been having
A good time all summer with no books to bother
them, will wake up to-day to find their sum-
mer dreams over, The schools in all the greater
eity open their doors to-day to accommodate
the army of almost half a million youngsters
who will appear to fill them.

Fortunately the Board of Education is in @
position to take care of more children this
year than ever before. There will be very few
applicants in The Bronx and Manhattan who
will not fad room, while in Queens and Rich-
mond there will be none. In Brooklyn, ac-
commodations are licking but the borough
board is making preparations to house the
surplus in temporary structures, Those who
cannot be cured for in this way will have to put
up with the half-day classes It is estimated
that this number will reach about 20,000 In
The Bronx and Manhattan, Supt. dohn Jasper
estimates the number of pupils in the part-time
Classea will not exceed 4,000, while every pupil
Will get ottention, Last September there were
5,000 who were left out altogether

This betterment of conditiona ia due to the
energy which has been exerted in rushing to
completion the new school buildings In. the
different parts of the city, Three new schools
have heen e« npleted ahd are ready for or-

 

eupancy, They are 174, af Attorney and Riv-
ington streets, 172, on 1osth and 100th streets,
between First and Second avenues, and 174,

178d street and Beaumont avenue, Additions
have been made at ox, Williamsbridge; 46, in
166th street, near St. Nicholas avenue: 5, In
déist atreet, near Edgecombe avenue, 90, an
annex in Tinton avenue, and the Girls’ High
School annex, Elm and Grand streets. These
additions make room for 7,000 pupils.

On Sept, 25 two new 48-room schools in First
avenue at 10tst street and 14th street will be
opened, On Oct, 25 the 48-room school at 111th
street and Lenox avenue will be ready and on
Nov. 15 the 4%room building at 10is8t street
and Amsterdam avenue will be completed
Still another will be completed in December, #0
that by the new year it is expected that there
will he accommodations for about 23,000 new
pupils, In the two boroughs of this county
there will be a total of 175 Fuildin s ready for
use to-day All the vepairing and cleaning of
the old buildings bas been done with unusual
prompines and Supt. Jasper says ¢ vy build-
nw is ready for the scholars to come right in
aud sitdown

The totat number of pupils expected to ap-
yy for enrollment in) Manhattan and The

ronx is about 255,000 and there will be 6,100

teachers to care for them, At the Sehool
Board's next meeting 210 new teachers will
be nominated and it is expected that they will
be provided at once. As the salary muddle
has been straigttened the teachers may rest
assured that they will get their pay promptly
this year. In the whole city the estimated
miunber of pupils for this vear te set down at
445,000 as agninet 426,882, who were registered
last vear

Miles O'Brien, President of the Board of Ed-
neation, declared with some cegree of pride
last night that this season openea under more
favorable conditions than any for several
years.

‘L don't think,” he said, “that we'll have any

upils unaccommodates. The great trouble
1as always been to get the children evenly
distributed. To-morrow morning we will have
our attendance officers at each of the schools
and as soon as a achool is filled the scholars
who apply for admission will be taken by the
officers to the nearest schools where there may
be a chance to get them in. [f there are any
consicarabla number left. over, to avoid
yart-time classes [ hope to fix them up by hav-
ne two separate achoola with separate sets
of teachers {in the congested quarters. Br
commencing a half hour earlier and holding
straight through until 1:30 o'clock in the after-
noon and then starting immetiately with an-
other bunch of scholars and teachers and hold-
ing until 4:30 or 5 o'clock [ think we can get
along very well. This plan will probably be
adopted in case it Is necessary.”

 

 

CHRISTIAN ALLIANCE CONVENTION,

Closing Meeting on Nyack Heights-Contriba-
tions for Missionary Work,

Nyack, ® Y., Sept. 9 —The fourth annual
convention of the Christian and Missionary
Alliance on Nyack Heights came to a@ close this
evening, and the treasury of the organization
was enriched by the addition of $3,000, which
is the sum total of the collections taken to date
The attendance to-day was not near as large
as in former years on the last Sunday of the
convention. In opening the preaching service
this morning at 11 0'clock Dr Simpson intimated
that not a very large collection was expected
to-day, and that as Nyack was near New York,
the collection taken here to-day would constl-
tute a part of the collection expected to be
taken at the bie closing convention in New
York clty in October, Dr. Simpson did not
preach the sermon, but W. Blackstone, one of
his co-workers, preached for him and made
an earnest plea for money for the missionary
work

Cards were passed among the audience and
the first contribution announced was one of
$100. The choir sang a verse, and then came
a pledge for $2,500, followed by a number for
$1,000 and several for $500. Then there was
a pledge for $250 and another for $200, followed
by many for smaller sums. One of the men
connected with the missionary institute arose
and pledged $1,000 from the stuaents of the
institute and the choir sang two verses of a
hymn.

“Wont some one contribute $290 to send the
first missionary to the Philippines?” asked Dr
Simpson, and some one responded with that
amount. ;

Other contributions followed, and when the
service closed at noon Dr. Siinpson announced
that $3,087 had been received in money and
jeiges, and that the collection would be con-
inued in the afternoon,

"We have been abundantly blessed durin
the last summer,” said Dr Simpson, “for ata
of our conventions together this seeson we
have raised $115,000 This added to the sum
contributed here this morning makes $118,000
in all for the foreign missionary work this year,
with this afternoon's collection to be heard
from

In the afternoon many missionary students
made brief addresses, and a young woman
who had returned from the misston fleld spoke
and said she would like to return to Africa
and needed $200 for herexpenses = This amount
was quickly raised with a few dollars additional
for extra oar fare and lunch “This,” said Dr
Simpson, “raises the total amount of our offer-
ings to-day to $3,239, and we etill have the bas-
ket collection to hear from ”

When the basket collection was counted it
was found to have raised the entire eum to
about $3,800

A NEW CENTURY REVIVAL,

Extensive Pians in England and This Country
For a Concerted Movement.

From the Church Economtéat.

All of the Free Churches of England are fotned tn an
effort to open the newcentury with a great evangelical
revival Eight days are to be given to the task, apart
from the months of preparation which have already
begun In this task of preparation the Christian En-
deavor and other lay help is brought tntouse. The
meetings will begin on Saturday night, January
being the month selected, cover the two following Sun-
days and terminate on Mondayevening. The London
meetings are tobe held in advance of those tn the
provinces; this for local effeck There are to be six
London centres—principal centres, each of which will
have many subordinate centres.

In other cities of England the number of principal
centres, each with subordinate ones, will number from
one to six, according to size, and work is already be-
gun to see that no elty, however small, ts omitted
from the plan. The date will be abouta fortnight
after the close of the London meetings. Evangelists
from one toten In number will be sent to each city,
according & Size, and pastors will he'p out

‘There will be special services for milkmen, for car
drivers, for fallen women, newspaper boys, &c. Some
of these will be held at early hours tn the morning,
one of them at3 A.M. They will be held at any bour
those for whom they are held can best attend. The
alm is, first to reach people of all grades and to
provide meetings anywhere and atany time; second,
to converge these meetings upon central mass meet
ings

‘There ts also a movement on foot In this country to
make thisa year of prayer and preparation for the in
coming new century. A enll to this end is addressed
to the people of the United States and is signed by
many representative men, tpeluding such names as
those of the Rev, Dra J. H. Barrows, Josiah Strong,
Washington Gladden, Theodore L. Cuy ter, C. 1. Seo
field and Bishops Gilbert of Minnesota, Leonard of
Ohlo, Doane of Albany, Andrews of New York, &e
The appeal is to Christians to make the year one of
prayer, work and preparation and education by Bible
study and study of misstonary snd other progressive
Christian work in order that a great revival of re
lgion may be prepared for tn the opening year of the
new century

 

Yvette Gullbert Can Sing No More,
From the London Datly Chronicle.

Mme. Yvette Guillbert, the well-known singer at
Parisian cafés chantants, has virtually retired from
het profession by medical order. The severe opera
tlon which she underwent some months ago was
thoroughly successful, but {t bas left behind Ita state
of languor and prostration which will need perma-
nentcare. She hopes to appear now and then: but
Ber past # tive carcer cannot be resumed.

S Piso gk vate se tr eee ots

OLD CAPITAL,

 

SINGAN, CHINA

Its Natural Advantages Have Made i im
portant for 3,000 Years.
From the Saturday Review,

Singan is practically the Chinese terminus of
the great trans-Asiatic highway along which
the Polos travelled, and along which the silks of
the Seres were first carried to Roum. Singan
stands, in fact, just within the eastern boundary
of a region that seems to realize,on an extended
ecale, the conception of an inolosed valley
which finds expression in so many anolent
legends. Bounded on the north by the Mon- ;
golian plateau, this great basin jashutin pre- |
cipltously on the south by @ barrier of moun- |
tains whose sumrita rise from 5,000 to 11,000
feet above the serlevel. An approximation of
these natural barriers narrows the outlet Into
Central Asia to the dimensions of agorge which
the Chinese have blocked by @ fortress called
Kiayikwan; while the eastern entrance is
closed, or nearly closed, by a mountain range
descending from the north which tends to join
the southern barrier but stops short before the
meeting is effected, leaving an interval of about
fifteen miles through which the Yellow River
issues into the plain. As though determined,
however, to complete her work, Nature has
closed even thisgap by a remarkable bank of
loess clay, against which, informer times, the
river would seem to have been siored up, but
now it breaks through it by a narrow passage
that constitutes the Tungkwan or Eastern gate.

The fortress which guards this exit consti-
tutes the key of the east, asthe Kiayikwan
constitutes the key of the west for the posses-
tors of Shenst and Kansuh, Here may be said
practically to commence the great Nanloo or
South road, whose prolongation beyond the
Klayti Gate constitutes the old highway across
central Asia, and along it without doubt the
anoestral Chinese {mmigrants made their way
Here, apparently, in this Wei basin they re-
solved to settle, and henoe they extended their
power east and south over the Great Plain

We may begin: ow to realize the political and
commercial importance of a city which dom-
inated this great biahway, and thus ‘'medi-
atived the entire traf_le between north China
and the countries beyond '' When, nearly 2,700
years ago, the Emperor Ping e«tablished his
capital in Honan, Singan, or Changan as it was
then called, became the capital of the priners

of Tsin, who were cesfined 500 years later to
mount the Imperial throne It was here that
the first Tsin Emperor Che Hwangte, issued
(312 BC.) the famous order for the burning of
the beoks which has caused his name to be ex-
ecrated by the literati; and though it was de-
stroyed se utterly during theclvil wars which
ensued that “fires blazed for three months
among the palaces and public buildings,” it
was promptly rebuilt and made the capital of
the succeeding dynasty. Here, trom. 202 B, C,
to 244 D, reigned the emperors of the firet
Ilan. bere, also, for a fewehort years resided
the Emperor of the Bui; while of the two cap-
itals of the @reat dynasty of Tang (618-906)
S.ngan was the first and createst.

The Sung, who relaned from A. D, 060 to 1126.
made Singan thele first capital. It haa been
besieged. destroyed and rebuilt. Dynasty has
sucered-d dynasty, |alaces have succeeded
palaces, city has su edcity: but for nearly
8,000 years it has been a princely, an imperia]
er a provincial capital. Theodosius sent
envoys here, bearing presents of emeralds and
rubies to the Chinese monarch or the day:
Marco Polo visited it and noted ite greatness
and wealth, and though time and political
change. have lowered ita earlier rank, {t oon-
tinues to be one of the first cities in China—a

|
focus of ancient legend, a centre of are

 

|
|
|
|
|
|

logical interest, and a point of the firststrategio
impcrtance

 

MANY PASTORS STILL AWAY.

It Will Be Late in September Before the Va
cations Are Fairty Over.

Services in only about fifty of the 860 Prot-
estant churches of Manhattan and The Bronx
were advertised yesterday. Fight were of
Presbyterian churches, in four of which vistt-
ing clergymen praached. Three were of Bap-
tist churches, in two of which the regular pas
tors were present. The members of another
Baptist church received this notice on Satur
day

“No preaching on the Lord's Day till Sept 16.
Friday evenings, § o'clock, prayer and testi-
mony meetings {n the chapel The pastor
will eend a written exposition to be read every
Friday evening. Strangers cordially invited.”

Services in seven Protestant Episcopal
two Methodist, four Reformed, three Lutheran
and elght miscellaneous churches were ad-
vertised yesterday. Many of the Episcopal
ministers will get baok to the city for the dl-
ocesan convention, to be held on Sept. 26 and
27, and will resume their pulpit work on the
Sunday next following.

The Rev. D. Parker Morgan of the Church
of the Heavenly Rest will prolong his vacation
through the rest of September, and the Rev.
Dr. J. W. Brown of St. Thomas's Chureh will
return about Oct.1. The Rev. Dr. D. 8. Mackay

of the Fifth Avenue Collegiate Churoh, who
is now in England, will preach his first sermon
of the season early in October, The Rey. Dr,
FP. Walpole Warren of St. James's Church will
begin his fall work about the same time. Al-
though the Chureh of the Divine Paternity
will pe opened in two weeks from now, the
pastor, the Rev. Dr. C. H. Eaton, will not gat
wack to the pulpit until Sept. 80. The Rev.
Dr. D. J. Burrell of the Marble Collegiate Church
will get back early in October, and his aassist-
ants will conduct services every Sunday this
month. The West Find Presbyterian, Chureh
whioh has’ been redecorated {n a acheme of
ned yesterday. The Rev,
or. M. D, Babeock of the Brick Church and
the Rey, Dr. C. H. Parkhurst of the Madison
Square Presbyterian Church will resume work
on Sept. 30.

ong Treen, Waa o

 

From the London Daily News.

‘The uniform of the new regiment of Irish Guards
has at last been approved ‘To be uniform with the
other regiments of the brigade the tunic of the Irish
Guards will be of scarlet, and the facings blue, de-
noting that the regiment is a “royal’’ one. The
Irish will be the fourth Guards’ regiment, and this
fact will be indicated by the buttons in front of the
tunte, which will be placed in groups of four, with an
fntervening space. The collar badge will be a sham-
rock leaf, and the band around the forage cap green.
Like the other regiments of Guards, the full-dress head-
piece of the Irish regiment will be a bearskin. with a
plume of ‘Patrick blue” atthe side. ‘Patrick blue’
is a light shade, very much resembling that affected
by Cambridge University, and is so called as being |
the color of the ribbon of the premier Irish order—
St. Patrick.

 

Schoo) Begins.
Wow!
‘Ten million "Wows!"
Or more,
Rise o'er the land.
Ob youngsters,
You're up against tt, sure;
You know the gall
Of government
Without the consent of the governed,
And we tender you
Our earnest Sympathy.
September is a slob,
That's what itis,
Or it would never loose the key
To lock the fetters on your limbs
Andgive your brains
A chance to boom.
What's brains to you
When all you wants room and tlme
To let your bodies have full sway?
‘The grown-up folks may feel the need
Of books and brains,
Your work and world and wisdom
Califor cifferent stuff,
If it were 80
That two times two were hopscotch
And two into eight went fishing,
Ord og spelled ‘'Tapy,”
Gr Geography were & description of the earth's
Swimming holes
Or Grammar were the study of the parts
Of a boat
llow much more gladly would you seek
‘True wisdom
In the schoolhouse wails
Or if the young idea were taught to shoot
Witha shotgun,
liow silently you'd "Wow"
When sad September
Shored you into school
The grown folks ought to go to school
Because they do not like to play,
And you, who do,
Should be let run
Unttl you, too, have grown bryond
The playing age
To find the need
Of what ts taught In sehool—

Ain't that so? wWwik

' to raise the

  
 

WOMEN IN ROCHESTER UNIVERSITY,

Susan B. Anthony Raises the Money Required
for Their Admission.

Rocuester, Sept. 9.-—-When the University
of Rochester opens this fall, for the first tine
in the history of the institution, women w)
be admitted. Two years ago the trustees .¢
the university voted to admit women on the
condition that $100,000 should be raised. The
women got the trustees to lower this sum to
$50,000, and ever since then the women of Roche
ter have been engaged in a heroic atte
money, They have held fai
lawn fétes and other functions, from all c¢
which they realized fair sums, but yesterd
morning they faced almost
At 4 o'clock in the afternoon the board having
in charge the collection of money was to meet
and if all the cash was not raised by that th
the doors of the university would be «
to women for a year at least, as $8,000 still had
to be raised,

It was intheirdire need that Susan B Anthons
came to their aid Mises Anthony hadalla
been making the greatest efforts to help ra
the money, but it takes the near prospect
failure to bring out all the @randeur of 1
character” Miss Anthony
of age, and most people would think the wlyes
at her age more suited tor the invalid’s chair
than for taking the tleld to rais
sisters might enjoy privileges from which ther
are now debarred, But Miss Anthony thought
neither of her advanced agenor of any other
obstacles, and ashe started out to raise that
$8,000 Miss Mary Anthony, “Sister Mary," a4

she is known to woman pasragions all over the
country, gave $2,000) From friend to friend
Miss Anthony passed, not going in a carriage
as many public-spirited women do, but using
the means of locomotion which nature gave
her. She had many calls to make before ahe
could be satisfied with her labors. To eanh one
she told the story of what the women have
done and what a great loss to the cause of
woran failure to raise the required sum would
mean

Misa Anthony tsed her most persuasive ar-
guments to bring the dollars from unwilling
pockets, the result being that before the he
set for the meeting she had pledges amountine

 

certain defer

{

is onew over Bo

Money that her

  

to an even @8.000, The women gathered to
announce to the committee that they had
failed, when in walked Miss Anthony, and ein

ply and unostentatiously she laid the required
pledges upon the table

“Thank God,” waa the exclamation that came
from the lips of alrnost every woman present

fpeaking of what Mias Anthony Bad dene,
School Commisstoner Helen RO Montgomery
eaid: “I think this is a wonderful example of
the personal power of Susan B Anthony. What
she has done t quite marvellotx A whois
lot of us women have been trving to do the
fame thing a!l summer, and we failed Then
Miss Anthony accomplished it.”

The committee from the Board of Trustees
of the university ia now preparing tts renort
on the pledges, including the formal stata
ment that the women are to be admitted the
coming year.

ee

FRISCO'S 8100,000 MUSIC STAND.

Baid to Be the Handsomest tn the World-—cots:
From Claus Spreckels.

Ban Francisco, Gept. 9-—The fSubfilee cole
bration of the admission of California to the
Union has attracted more visitors than ever
attended any previous event here. The chief
incident of the second day was the dedication
this afternoon of a mustio stand in Golden Gate
Park, the gift of Claus Spreckels. Fully 2,-
000 persons witnessed the ceremony of trans.
ferring the stand to the Park Trustees and
listened to the first concert by the band of 100
pieces. The music stand is erected at the hand
of the Midwinter Fair Grounds, and all the
old centra! court of the fair is gtven up to seats

Mr. Spreckels in a short address preeanted
the stand and Gen. Barnes for the trustees a

ooptes the ett.
‘his mugio pavilion fs gaid by ex to be
the finest In the world. It consista of @ main
arp and peristyle with a colonnade at each
end. phe pan arch is 75 feat high. The
orcpaesre atform {s 46 feet wide and accom.
modates 197 musicians. The structure rests
On & 0o! 6 foundation 4 ct h and can
seen for many miles, It is made of Cal!

ornia sandstone of a bluish gray tint, which re
bles marble. Ite total cost w $100,009. ore
features of the gay were rowkag ani

races and conoertin the evening.

 

 

ENORMOUS MAILS.
New York Merchants Pitch In for a Tremen-
dous Fall Trade.

The entire force of employees tn the news-
paper department of the second diviston of
the general Post Office, numbering 200, were
at work all day yesterday sorting the foreign
and domestio mails for distribution through
the country. The rush, which prevented manr
employees from enjoying their Sunday, was
due to the exceptionally large quantity of
foreign mall and domestio mall of the third
clase which accumulated at the office on Sat-
urday. The Etruria brought 1,400 bags of
miscellaneous mail matter and the St. Louis
brought 200 more. a part of which was for-
warded to Canada and the remainder distrib»
uted throughout the United States.

In addition to the unusually large amount of
foreign mail the department received at the
Post Office Saturday 809 bags of domestic
third class matter from merchants and mamm-
facturers in this alty for distribution among
their customers in New England and points
west and Bouth. This domestic mafl, whfch for
the last few weeks has been the heaviest for

veral years, inclided catalogues and circulars

ssued by New ‘ork firmns announcing their fa
line of goods. The flooding of the Post Office
with thia sort of mall indicates that New York

merchants are preparing for a very busy season
this fall and is a sure sign of business prosperity.
In the last week the mails have heen the heaviest
for five years. At midnight last night all the
accumulated mail had been sent out and the
clog was over.

 

Foreign Notes of Real Interest.

A carrier pigeon let loose from “La Lorraine,” 13
miles out at sea, returned safely to its cote at Rennes.
This is a record.

Dom Carlos 1, artist and King of Portugal, has
Teeeived a allver medal at the Paris Exhibition fare
marine sketch {n pastel.

Prof. Rudolf Virchow, the great physiologist, who
{s now 79 years of age, has Just celebrated his galden
wedding. He has three sons and three daughtera

Tord Rowton, who Is the iiterary executor ofthe
Jate Karl of Beaconsfield, has been visiting the Queen
and it !s rumored that she has directed him t puto®
the pubiteation of Beaconsfie!a's memotrs til! after
her death

An esthetic English Vicar at Wembley will net
allow the word “died” to be put on We tombstones
of the people buried in the cemetery. He insists on
phrases like “departed this life" or “passed awa;
or “entered {nto rest,” and says that “died” ts 4 denial
of the Christian teaching of immortal'ty

Corneville in Normandy, in spite of Planquette's
opera, never had a chime of bells. Subscriptions
have been recetved fromal! partsofthe world, however,
and a peal of twelve belis will be set up in the village
church at the end of this month. Each hell wil) bear
the name of a country; one's “L'Américaine™ and
another “La Canadienne.’

Feldmarscha!! Graf von Waldersee has taken pre-
cautions against being burntup. Hels taking with
him a portable asbestos slate house, packed In sec

  
 

 

tions, that contains seven large rooms when set up
The house has excited an interest tn TD pe second
only to the question whether the Feldmarschall whl

reach China in time to make use of it in the feld.

One Paris “grand dame” is bound that France shall
not be depopulated. The Roche-
maiile is 22 years of age, has been married five years,
and is the mother of eleven boys, of whom the eldest
are not quite 4 :ears of ace She presented her hus
band with four pairs of twins In succession and hes
Just topped off with triplets ‘The ebildren are e
sound and healthy

Vicomtesse de

Aug. 28, 1450, the taud
m Cape Grane:

Fifty years ago, on
marine cable message was sent
in France to Dover A wire insulated by a gut
percha covering Was rin across the Ch annel fror
the Admiralty Pler at lover to prove that messages
could be sent, and the following year the first stron ¢
cable was laid. Mr. Charies Wo ene of t
part) that laid the first wire ts stl! alive and #a
that the first message sent under tie sea was to!
wife and said “All right at Grisnez, home about te

Dr. Tristram, Chancellor of the dlocese of Chic
ter, having Gecided that the rt
of the Church of the Annunciaty
be removed, has drawn up a lists
namely: 14 stations of the cross,
1 article of furniture tsed for ree
2 water scoops for holding holy water, 2 tabernsers
aet up for the reception of the Reserved Sacrament
crucifixes, images of the Good Shepherd and the Vir
gin Mary, images at the side of the Holy Table, o
Ughted blue lamp, @ @urtain with canopy ama eam
vases of Oowerm

 

aston
"

ornament

cific aptects

 

confessional boars

ting conleastor

pr
do
“a

Ge
ta
of
ine
the
por
no
Y ter
the
mij
Kas
the
elty
in
anc
of
one
lit
v
wat
cha
yet
wou
and
othe
fror
eact
roac
for
able
Stat
Dries
afte
Wha
Pani
com)
there
not |
to ra
Bitloy
Th
ation
earn!
Rally
Teeth
Comy
Comy
Comy
York
be, o
Rally
000,00
Baltir
Centr
4nd §