~~

—

 
     

Tee OLS

AALS

ee

 

 

PLAYERS VOTE CLEAN BALL:

SUNDAY ON THE DIAMOND.
Eastern Leagee.

|

 

 

   
 
 

  

 

DECIDE or THEIR OWN accorD TO| 4 eneonahe Manton ¥ Toreate, 1. 0
SUPPRESS ROWDYISM. oun aaeeee.

Protective Association Are Willing to Meet 7 2 | a ‘% 9
Magnates Half Way ia Reforming ¢ a t i { i i
Game~—They Are Also Prepared for Trouble CLupa a g
if League Men Kefase to Treat With T : 7 :

 

If the members of the Protective Association

 

 

 

 

of Professional Baseball Players, who held a Providenes..... Cal Pia 140
meeting in the Sturtevant House yesterday, ee | | ‘ 6) ace
mean what they say, at least one benefit may Waracess, se , @ 610 ASG
be derived from their organization, After | Springfield... see] ; § ie
discussing many points at issue the delegates, hace eae ae ee \
having listened to a sensible talk by their at- Syracuse 16 4,4 0

torney, Harry Taylor of Bufialo, voted to abol-
ish rowdy tam of all kinds upon the fleld, includ-
ing kicking against umpires’ decisions, and
also agreed to hurry the play so that the games

Games lost

 

American League.

 

 

/ . , At Minneapolis First game--Minneapolis, 7; In-
in future will Bot be tiresomely long drawn out. | dtavapolis, 6.” Second game—Minneapolis. 8; In-
Secretary Hugh Jennings, firét baseman Of | dianapoils, |.
the Champlon Brookly ns, explained Ue action a
of the association tn the following manner to Other Gamer
areporter of THE SUN AT PROVIDENCE. a. as

“We fully realize that baseball is in disrepute | apdnna ....0 10201 0 0 0— 4140
at present and that heroic tneasures are neces- , Providence 90900000 0 7 4 pale
gary to bring the game back to its former pop.'- Batteries — = st ae and Peltz
larity. We are ready to meet the magnates | be _— ROER
half way and we have decided that so far as | Newark. at 0 , 0 9 i 9 9 ° 9-8 a 4

Guban X Giants 01 -
the evils upon the fleld are concerned we are | n otterloe Snyder and Westlake; McClellan and
able to abolish moat of ther ourselves. We | Jordan,

AT BAYSIDE.

have also agreed to stop kicking at umpires ' RHE.

and to refrain from indulging in other rows Nassau... eens 2 } o 2 i d | 3 ’
! oa ’

that have hurt the national gate In a word, i “i Lo Union, 8; Bayside Juniors, 4 Fif

the players have come to a realizing sense (hat | tecn innings

unless baseball is reformed it will sink so low | AT SKRLLY GROUNDS. sn &

 

 

      

 

in the estimation of the public that it will be | Howards... 90100200 -8 “ho 8
impossible for us to draw good salaries and for , Skrilys |. 6400 0 4 0 8 16 14 3 |
, HatterlesRetschman and Hanley; Lee and Trim-
the club owners to make any money. We do | ple,
not say that all of the blaine resta with the | AT HOBOKEN, aa
players. The magnates have many things wHoboven.......1 2 41 13 025 wale 18 3
wufidence of t ) le Senec 000008 01 O-
to do to win back the coufidence of the pubile, ne iea--Norwe end Burke; Van Zandt and
but #o far as the Protective Association bs con- | Farmer
cerned, you can say for it in THk SUN that the | AT BAST NEW YORK 2a
players want to do the rigit thing aud are } VolunteerA.C. 000100 01 0-23 3 0
ona t lease the public.” Alerts 4% 6.0.3 2 0 0 wee 16.8
~— i A age oe ' Hatteries~ Wagner and Bradley; Huebher and
Yesterday's meeting was of particular Im- | wy.
portance, for itis the last that will be held until AT ENGLEWOOD. ~ “2s
definite information is received from the Na- py eiewood 06000008 0 0-8 7 4
tional League that a conference with @ repre- Equitable wee 0 0 0 641.0 0.0 0-6 6 ;
gentitive committee mposed of Lawyer ome” -~Hopper and Friedberg; Voorhees anc
‘Tavior, President Ziunmer and Secretary Jen- AT WEEHAWKEN
nings of the Association will be granted lhe RHE
players assembled at the hotel at 2.0 clock and = W nN ¥.F.C....0 0 ° 0 9 o A } 6 ; 1° 2
vent into seesion immediately The different St. louts 3 8 ye -
toate ware fe) ‘saeatar 4s foil we 7 sae Bertram and O'Nell; Hughey and
New \ork: Van Ha tren, Bowerman, Mercer, Car- | Ustows AT JERSEY CTry.
ries and Hickinan; brooklyn. Kelley, Keeler, Jones, R WE.
Kiteon, Cross, Powell, Sheeward and Je inings; Boe Jerseva.... 11900008 0 2-7 11 s
ton: Bary, Dineen and Duffy; Philad Iphia: Delee Gen, Cub Glanta | 1 2.100000 3-8 12 7
hanty, Donaoue and Murvhy, Cinctanad: Crawford Hatteries— Rochelle and Rogers; Sampson and Gar- |
end tiabn, C deago Dexter, GiiMto and Callasan; , |
‘ > cla. Umpire, Mertrity
St. Louls: Young aud Heldreck; Pittsburg. Zimoier, | T RAHWAY
Tanneuill, O'Brien, Philippe  Ritele, Wiliams AT RAH . aaa
Ereereli ns VOR EC, Chesbro, Leech, beaumont, Ely WeatOrengeAC.0 1412000 0-8 4 3
" . Natlorals 104061 40 ..—-1616 8
Prestlent Zimme* took the chair and Sec- Hatteries—Muilin and Kearney; Burchall and St
’ ¥
cretary Jennings it’ormed the members that. Clatr.
the American and astern ‘eague players | AT SOUTH BROTHER ISLAND,
had formaily been aa n.tted to the Association; | RER
that they had paid their dues and were now in! § BL F. OC 1oe2e20000 o~§ 12 8
ood standing. Jenuimes also said that the  Tronsides 4 $3201 08 0 0 O-A 12 8
Ginort an League aud tie bastern League batt ries —Deegan and Doran; Hodson and Luchia

men had appoluted Grevance commi't 6

of their own which would take care of al cases Baseball Games To-day.

 

that were to be considered before they were
pla ed before the executive pa ers of the AS- | NATIONAL LEAGUE AND AMERICAN ASSOCIATION,
soudution. It was e@eaplained, too, that willie
the ", narionn and hastern members ‘ ere en Pittsburg at Brooklyn (two games), St. Louls at

  

tha | New York, Chicago at Philadelphia (two games).

de-

titled to attend the regular mee'ings of
‘ oe they wo eo do “0 having FASTERN LEAGUB
cided to leave everything to 1@ originator i

of the movement Ln regard to the dues which | Hartford at Montreal. Springfield at Toronto, Wor-

are being collected, it was sad thatevery player | cester at Syracuse, Providence ot Rochester.

elected to membership had beeu assessed $5

 
  

 

 

initaiion fee: that every National League player BOWLING.

had agreed to pay $2 a month dues allt var : ae

round, while every American and Eastern ‘ .

League player would turn iato t Treasury | One Delegate Causes Trouble at Royal Ar
$i2 a yea Of the National League players | canum Leogue Meeting in Brooklyn,

134 ave already registe.ed, Which inelides | - s > r
everybody except Fred Ciarke, the manager | The Broo.lyn Royal Aroanum Bowling

league held its annual meeting on *aturday
coe One Se rare: interesting fore of the | night at Trainor’s, Gates d Reid avenues. It
rad toward saaihin & Oolderen oe with the | Wis the most exciting meeting n the history
of the organization, acd the obstinacy of one

Notional League magnates at their annual |
conference in Deoem! At 4 previous moet- | delegate came near pree'p tating an unpleas-

of the Pilteburgs
' tople of the

 

he evances of the pla ers bad been se
the Biel art rr od that’ iP orere © gh mé | antness. De Witt Clinton Council was the chief
up again. So, after a Conference Conimittee, | cause ofthe trouble. It had fu.ied to qualify
9 } Gg . - » |
had | oe nF es hb eo seh ane cones | last month and was dropped from the member-
had hee . th wees Le AS gO! ito |

bhip of thea League

at length. Some of the plavers said that the
The delegates /ast night were willing to admit

had consulted with their club owners and had

received assurance that the League would | the council, but it required a unanimous vote
grant a conference, but there were others who |

seemed to feel that such action on the part of ' to suspend the constitution There was
the magnates could not be looked for. Atany | One Vote aga nat this _It came irom | the
rate Law’ er Tavlor was empowered to norif delegate rom Gramerey Council, who: xplaived
his council Was in the sar @

 

 

 

2 atic eague men just what the asso- | (hat two years ae
we Natoom Dan ea tae : ene " ar era | predicam nt ana that the league then :efused
fecl tuat the League should grant, and also | te shos any lenieney. For more than one hour
fornall ask for a ing at the annual meat- ; efforts were made to chang” the vote of
ing. ‘Taylor made an address to the players, | Gramercy Council Finally the deiegate was
whieh invart wa | won over and De Witt Clinton vas admitted,

“The Neuttonal League has a mistaken idea The annual r fore of the various officers
that the Protective Ass« ciation has been formed sh wedth tthe league was on « substantal
to work against it We wish to work in hare footing, and that this season twenty-eight of

the levding oou ceils in Kings county would par-

with the club owners and to save the

  
 

 

 

y
7 » Allof you players realize that it would , Ueipate inthe tournamen. They are

be rinost unfertunate thing to Pave any trevble Iiedford, Brevoort, Brooklyn, Adirondack, Purn-
You do not want trouble ior that would bring — side Husbwick, Commor wealth, DeForrest, DeLong,
on resulta that might be perhaps disastrous. DeWitt Clinton Dauntless, Bast New York, Fern,
In all of your future deliberations I hope that Fort Greene Fraternity, Fulton, Gilbert, Gram-
yo. will remember that baseball needs to be  Ehy. lolanthe, Justin F. Price, Long Ishand,
¢ Yi rh ; * . . Washington Irving,

  

Lefferts, Na*-au, Poiladelphos,
We come. Morning Star and Pro Patria
The Prize Committee's report for the following
was sdepte A prize tor the first four | igh
\ aver.ge bowl-rs, one prize for the hiche-t per-
centage of rés, three prizes tor the highest

 

put upon a higher plane and that in order to
d) 8 you m &t ork earnestly hand in hand
with your emplovers, providing they will let
you das) Liv Protective Association has not
boon for nadtosandd ur anybody lt is our aim

 

 

 
   

| ton,

; the Lenox A. ¢

to s> popularize the game once more that

salaries will remain up to the present standard Pere ntage of strikes, two pr zs for the bighe:¢

and thet everybody will prosper, We are at | Scores three prizes for the last percentage of

fault ourselves in some respects for the slump breaks, Therlayers must participate in twen-

in attendance, for we have indulged in dis- ty ore games, inc uding the last two, to be

order und rowdyiam which has undoubtedly | ©! ible for the high average, spare or break |
driven away many patrons. So, if we take , Priaes here will be nine tam, prizes, one

prize for hich teain average, one prize for ‘high

e bull by the rns and agree ourselves t
te b : h ureelves, t6 team score, ten priz s for thesemnrking the best

atop these particular evils, it seems only fair , & ‘

that the magnates shon'd reciprocate by grant- | &Ycrace on each tear, and a mystic prize

{ng the very reasonable demands that our! , Phe secretary read a communication from the
Conference Committee will make next Decem- | Elephant Club and another from Trainer. Each
ber. We simply want to have the National cf oe rate “ ure the tournament. The
eanie men accer ta contract which will abolts} @ As aiocesalt)

‘fe ‘farming,’ ‘trading’ and ‘elain' sy fama |» Philadelphos Council will present to the

Lerague the championship troph', a massive

rth words, we want the magnates to con- |
in other words, Se emete oon | cilver cup, and the leagu will adda ilk bane

ult th lavers before their services ar ° c ene
ab pe ines debelhy ore their services are bar {ner ‘Theelection of officers resi ited as follow:

“So far as the reserve rule is concerned all | ype eaent. Charles P Hoske, Beevoort Counell;
f you are convinceed, I think, that it is a ne- | ce- President, W. A. Lee, Fraternity Council; See's
Cin ra ; 7 mre Edward Pye, Nassnu Couvell; Treasurer, M. P

 

ceasity, though it is of course iilegal, but with- | {8's rnc :

out it professional baseball would be a flat re Broontye : eh B Pome ie Pe Brown ‘anc

failure. As we are united in our opinions and ' es a) Delve Ne Auer . * ting Cor

as wo have the support of every player of any | Sree Ten gate to American Bowling Con-
rount in t} untrv, ¥ fea’ th , gress, I. B Corrl ty Delegate WH Royal Arcanum

account In the country, we fee al Our Te- | Day Celebration, Edward Pye.

quest fora conference with the Nationa! League
shouid be granted It is a special request
that 1 have to mate that all players will act
with cootheadedness and that they will not
do anything calculated to antagonize their
empiovers We do not want friction, and we
wili do our beat to avoid it, but If it is forced
upon us then it will be time to decide what ac-
tion to ta'te ”

It was pointed out to various plarers that
if the National League men should refuse to
treat with the Protective Association's com-
mittee, a move could be made that might bring
the magnates to terms While the players
do not desire a rebellion of ans kind, they feel
that should the League by ignoring them force
the association to take radical actior, there
would be an oppr itv to join A movement
to establish a other big baseball league to
include the leadive cities now occupied by the
National League circuit

The American League, which
largest cities in the West, has made so much

rogress this year, especially at Chicago, where
t has a rival club, that there has been talk of
extending its cireult to the Fast. The pro-
moters of the American Association, who tried
to start business last spring, have heen plan-
ning all summer to put their scheme Into affect
this fal, and it is believed that if a combina-
tion should be made between the American
League and the American Association, so that
capital could be furnished to establish a na-
tional clreult, the Protective Association, con- |
trolling al! the available baseball talent {n the
country, would be able to make this combina-

 

The open ng games of the tournament will be
played on Oct. |.

 

Cricket.

A picked team of West Indians played a remark-
| ably good game with the Manhattanson Saturday at
Prospect Park, and considerable interest was evinced
in the match by a large crowd of spectators. Unfortu
nately, the light, which was bad throughout most of
the game, made it almost impossible to see during
the greater part of the Manhattan inning and the
game was at length called on account of darkness,
and thus ended in an unsatisfactory draw. E, Smith
played a good inning for the Brooklyns, and sue
ceeded in getting the top score of the match with 32,
The score: West indians, 132: Manhattan ©. C. 62
The Kings County Club had @ close and well con
takes in the | tested game with Brooklyn team B at Prospect Park,
and won by the narrow margin of 7 runs after an
exciting finish, This result was brought about by
the bowling of G. W. Ttarnes and A, Nugent, who
did all that was required of them at a critical point
inthe game. J. EB. Mordaunt batted well for the win
ners and contributed a good innings of 21, while for
Brooklyn A. Withers succeeded in getting top score
with 24. The score: Kings County, 76; Brooklyn
Team 5B, 69.

Che Neilson Lodge C. C. visited Staten Island fora
game with the Livingston F.C. and created consid-
erable surprise by their good exhibition of batting.
*, A. Skyne and R. W. Powell made a erent stand
for the first wicket and before a separation was effect-
ed the valr had puton 110 tuns. Skyne scored twice
: 4 as fast as his partner, and was credited with 63, while
“ae ie . Py, Joining hands with it Powell adied 31. F. FP. Rogers, W. Kellond and T.
a @ plavers be eve th at nev clubs tr Boston, | Newman all batted well for Vielr respective scores of
ireater New York, Phila telphia and Baltimore | 28, 17 and 15, and the innings was declared closed for
or Washington in the East, and St. Louis, Cin- | 172 for six wickete. The Islanders then succeeded
cinnat!, Chicago and Pittsbure in the West in holding the wickets for the rest of the aftetnoon,
with the best plaving talent available, woul and when time was calied whey had scored 120 for
be successful. So, feeling that they have the | four wickets. R. i. Bonner bitin erand style for 46

lance of power intheirown hands, the plavers } He was well backed up by KR. St. G. Walker, who put
after yervercay's meeting were quite confident | Ot % while C. H. EB. Griffith added 19. The totals
that the National League magnates would ap- were Nelson Lodge, 172: | ivineston, 120

1 ote BRIDGFPORT, Conn, Sept # The Columb
preciate the situation and come to terms. | Oval Cricket Club of New Yor played the Bridgeport
A

| Cricket Club here yesterday an ministered rather
4 bad defeat to the local eleven by 40 runs and 4 wick

 

 

 

 

 

National League Record.

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

: se ets. EF Murphy. the New York's chief bowler, did
Is wrTA “| > 6 | some great execution with the ball, and captured |
¢ & 7 7 g 2328 | & wiekets for 18 runs, and S. Fox, who played well
&'8 és § 2) 5) 2 | for 2, was the only Bridgeport man to score doubdie
CLUBS = § Sigii a <3 figures’ For Columbia Oval, HL. Mullock played |
3 ei: : 2 3) 5 @ fine inning of 457 and Il. Newbery added 10. The
“1% Rom 3 totals were: Bridgeport, 33; Columbia Oval, 78
} 218 | a) a
i |
Srooklva ; ROTI TE Trotti-g for the Bergen County Championship.
Plusbure. 10 BIO1S & 7 BAS HACKENSACK, Sept. 9. —The Hackensack Driving
hiladelphia 6 8 9 6:2 6 056 | ASvoctation hada large attendance at its race meeting
hbicago «/10) 7) 9 A 6 51055 | vesterda,y aliernoon for the county championship cup |
son asi ti 6 10.13 853 | Presented by President George A. Brinkerhoff. Join
St Louls.. 6: 8' 8 8 7 41851 | Demaresi’s Belle West «as an easy winner tn record
Cincinnatt. ; 3 81 0 7; 7111 7 time for the track. There wis also well contested
New York 68 A 4 8 & 618 match race, in which Sheriff Van Huskirk's Emily
—— -| = ~ = —\— | May wasawinner. Summary:
__Games lost .- sexe 4349 5758 50 sone Bergen county championship for President's cup,
ree soe al classes, trouting
' elie West, Dm. ‘ 1
Baseball Notes meee eh b A 2}
The Suburban Club bas Sept. 29 open fora strong May Aleyoner. ch m 30364
out of town team and (s willing to pet upa reasonable | Boray Kirkland. bik. @ 445
guarantee; Hempstead, Mattituck, Oronge A. C., or | Pale db mM. . . ‘ § 5 5
@ Wam of a like caliber preferred Address M. J Mme~ 2:20, 2:21%4, 2:18 4-5
Spalding, Secretary, Park avenue and | 76th street guined race, trotting. two in three heats
on auaenbeteane emily May, b m ase ‘ . > 5
Helen May. ch. m Peeeeeececcces 2:
Baseball, Washington Park 4 P. M. To-day. Minnie. b m...... eT

Brooklyn wa Pittsburg. Adm. 250 and 50c.—Adps.

|
| street that

|
|
mediately after the contest, that 1 was def*ated fairly
{
!

v

THE

THE CORBETT+M'COY FIGHT.

   

 

 

John Considine and the Kid Deny That the
Battic Was a Fake.

The mysterious departure of Jim Corbett
who, it is said, is now on his way to Europe, and
the declaration by his wife that his recent bout
with Kid McCoy at Madison Square Garden
was not fought strictly on the level was dis-
cussed with a gooc deal of vim in sporting

| circles yesterday. Friends of Corbett who
Reem to be legion just now have left nothing
undone to defend the ex-champion, and they
say without reserve that Mrs, Corbett's story
is an untruth. They steadfastly declare that
the accusation was prompted by a jealous

| woman who wishes to even scores with Corbet .

| Both John Considine, Corbett’s partner
and McCoy issued statements yesterday rela-

| tive to the late battle Considine wants to

| know why Mrs. Corbett does not show better
proof that the mill was a “fake” and convince
the public that she is not trying to libel her
husband out of mera spite

“Any person who saw the flght at the Gar-
den,” said Considine THE SUN reporter,
“and says the batUle was not a square one does

| not know what he is talking about. MeCoy
was badly dono up after the mill and the pun h-
|

to

which he received in thestomach

was hard enough to” stop ten ordinary
men If Mrs. Corbett Is as fair and
honorable as she wishes the public

to belleve why doesn't she show the stub of
j that alleged check calling for $2,500 whi h she
states MoCoy received from her to act as Wille
fake? Why doesn't

 

 

| ing party in the aileged
she show that letter, or any line of the letter
whi she says Corbett wrote her, in which he

  

I
ne

mentions anything about the fight or his
| tentions of leaving her because he feared both
| diagrace and exposure A woman like Mrs
Corbett. would be the last person in the world

to be let in on any secrets of thissort,and In the
| face of it it seems absurd to give her remarks
l any credence, Mrs, Corbett ts scarcely worthy
| of contradiction,

it ia no more than proper that I should defend
him in his absence

    

“The night of the fight Jim came to me
said: ‘What do vou think, John? My wife
is agaliust me When I left the house on tne
war to the Garden the last words » sald were

i} hope that, Mecovw knoe ka ve head off."

 

at she would

If it was a ‘fake’ {t is not Iiixel
rt Corbett

make a renark of this sort This }
more than an thing else.'’
Mrs, Corbett would not be interviewed yes-

 

terday She Jeft word when the reporters
called at her residence on West T irty-fourth
ahe was too ill to be seen, It was

rumored that she intends to follow Corbett to
England and demand an explanation of his
conduct toward her

McCoy last night
statement

Owing to the stories published today emanating
fro Mra, Corbett that my late contest with Mr, Cor-
bett was a “fake, | I feel that (t is necessary, in justice
tomy friends and admirersas well as tomy self, lo state
that her accusations are absolutely false and have no
foundation whatsoever, and they are simply the utter
ances of a Jealous woman. lam sure that the public
would not or could not believe any stories elreulated
by Mrs Corbett when they can plainly see that on the
face of them tue otive ls pure malice and spe work
w revenge herself on Mr. Corbett, who, she admits,
has deserted and mistreated her, and the old quota
Hell knoweth ho fury like & woman's scorn,”
secras Wo be applicable in this tustance, TI did not
have @ representative to enter into aby Negotiations
with Mr. Corbett or any representative of his to have
him “lay down” tome, 48 1 would not take bis or any
other man s word In such an agreement lam unable
to see where either of Us could have ane any pres
lige or money by, being defeated. fought a bad
and wrong kind of & ogot by smothering up and not
being the aggressor, It was my intention w Ure Cor
bett out, and when he was in that condition to beat
him | was tn good conaition ana uniurt up to the
time I received the hard punch in the stomach, 4 spot
where it doesnt take a hard punch to incapacitate
from being unable to fight for the few seconds
loved to recover, 1 wantto state now, as I did tm-

gave out the appended

 

  

 

one

and have no one to Liame but myself.

 

 

ar squarely
But | still belleve that lean beat Mr
some time in the near future to have another
1 did intend to leave the city for
butowing to faise rumors now
and can be found at

hope
chance to prove tt
vacation,
tded to remain,
eS8 any “ay

men sig@est that it would
to have a public inquiry re-
warding the pposed unfair termination of
the battle, to ascertain whether Mrs, Corbett
is Justified in denouncing it as not squarely
fought A similar inquiry was held {tn refer
ence to Corbett's rill with Tom Sharkey at
atew yearsago, Senator Tim-
livan fostered the idea at the time,

afew weeks
afloat I have dec
my place of bus

Many sportin
not be a bad id

 

 

 

otuy D. St
but the proceedings
of @ sensational nature,

Games on Track and Fie!d.

Two track records were broken at the monthly
gamesofthe Pastime A.C , heldon the club grounds,
Sisty-alxth street and Hast River, yesterday. In
one of the events for which new fgures were estab
lished the Pastime relay team did & smart perform-
ance, the four runners covering the mile around the
twelvelap track in S minutes 42 25seconds The Paw
times were opposed by the Union Settlement A, Q
team, but the latter never was in the hunt A. HL
Kent added to his stock of “best figures” by running

the 65 yards in 645 seconds lie made this time in
his trial heat, but also won the inal from serateh tn
7 seconds, which ts under the best previous record.

Summaries

65-Yard Dash, A
H. Kent, scratch; E. J. Marks, 17 feet, second; S B
Husch, 16 feet, third. lime, 7 seconds,

One-Mile Run, Handicap P, Sontar, Je,
5 yards: E. Strupel, 60 yar W. E. Cirady,
scratch, third, lime, 4 min ) seconds,

4$40-Yard Kun, Handicap Final heat won by G,
Hischolf, 21 yards; b. J. Curtayne, 80 yards, second;

 

Handicap Final heat won y

 

 

 

 
   

D. J. Hrennan, 15 yards, third, Time 2.5 seconds.
Exhibition Hal ie Walk- Deaa At Letween
SamLiebeold and Louis Liebguid time, é minutes

$7 3-5 seconds

1,000-¥ ard Run, Novice, Scratch Won by J. Doley;
8. D. Woog, second; F. W. Ignatius, third. ‘Time,
sinutes b4 2-5 seconas
ile Relay Kace- Won by Pastime A. C., G.

 
 

V. Andrews, D. J. Brennen and O. C. Ord
wein; Union Settlement A. C., seccnc, J. D. Tun-
woodle, L. Saucier, J. Meckeland H. Arnold. ‘Iim-e
S minutes 42 2-5 seconds

Running Kroad Jump, Handicap- Won by O. V.
Andrews, 2 feet 6 inches, 21 feet 11 inches; KR. J. Me-
Kinnery, scratch, second, 2] feet 4 Inches; E. O'Sul-

 

Ginebes, third, 2) fceet2 inches
Hancdicap~ Fina! heat won by J. F.
Goerwitz, 12 yates, second; E. J.
Marks, 18 yards, third Time, 22 3-6 aeconas

Potato Hace, Handicap- Won by F. Farrell, 8
yards; P. J. Dinan, 7 yards, second; J. F. Rostick,
G6 yards, third. ‘lime, 62 seconds

boalng Exhibitlons-S. Liebgold, Pastime A. ©,
va. W. Booth, New York; Frank Callahan vs. Fdward
Hoylston, both of Union Settlement A. C.. Tommy
O'Connor vs. Dave Wall. both of Pastime A. ¢.

Close competitions and the hardest kind of a strug-
gle for the honors of the day between Owen Reiley

and John J. Farrell marked the semimo thls feld
and track games of the Star A. ©. yesterday ai Lor €
Island City. Rellley won twoevents, the “bundred”
and * two twenty,’ while Farr ll captured the “thou
sand’ and the ‘discus’ Michael J. Flynn and P.
MeCauley led th
on the card Summaries

tuo-Yard Dash, Handicap Finel heat won b
Owen Keilley, & yards; BP. McCauley, & yards second;
T. J. O'Donnell, 6 yards, third. ‘Time, 10 3-5 see-
onds

220 Yard Dash, Handicap—Final heat
Owen Reiley, 16 yards: W. P, Powers, 3)
ond: Richard W. White, 20 yards, third
econds,

},000-Yard Kun, Handlcap—Final heat won by
John J, Farrell 20 yards; John J. Shevlin, 25
d. F Hussey, 23 yards, third Time, 2
25 seconds
ing the Diseus, Seratch—Won by John J
, with 1'1 feet: J. Kehule, secord, 07 feet 3
Adolph Bu haun, t , OA feet 6 ine
Running titgh Jump, Handicap—Won
McCauley, @ incurs, actual leap, 4 le
J Kerhule, seratch, seernd, 5 feet linen; J
lin, 7 inches, third, 4 feet 3 inches

The monthly games of the Brooklyn A.C
held yesterday at Maspeth, The competitions
marked by exciting sport, Willlam H
the honorsofth day Sumioaries

100-Yard Dash, Handicap-—Final heat won
ney Curtis, § yards; Frauk Ve es
Herman Classen, & yards, third

livan, 2 feet
2u0-Yard Run
Rostick, 17 pares; G

 

 
  

 

won by
yards arc.
Mme, 24

 

 

Farre
inches

  

hes
by P
11 inches;
J. Shev

 

 

were
were

Classen won

by Sid
6 yards, second;
Time, 1 4 seconds

 

Quarter-Mile Run, Handicap-Final heat won by
Wiillim Hi. Classen, 40 yards; Prank Veres. 10 yards,
second; ‘}homas F. Fraser, 20 yards, third ‘Time,

86 seconds

Ruoning High Jump, Handicap—Won by Sidney
Curtis 4inehe , 4 feet S Inch s homas F. Frazer
4éinenes, second, 4 fect 6 Inches; Wiillam H. Classen,
A feet & inet

  

 

scratch, third, 5

Pole Vault for Heteht-Won by Joho C Doyle, 1
foot 3 tnehes. 5 feet 4 inches. Wiliam H. Classen,
scratch, second, with 6 feet 4 Inches; Thomas PF,
Fraser, scratch, third. 5 feet 4 Inches,

One Mile Run Handicap Won by Herman Classen,
ao wards. Willlam H. Classen, seratch, second:

Thomas E. Fraser, 60 yards, third. Time, 4 minutes
fO seconds

Running Broad Jump
scratch. 18 feet 10 inches: HW
second ISfeet i) inehe
third, 14 feet

There were interesting competitions at the mem
bers’ games of the New West Stde A. C. yesterday
morning on the club's grounds at Fifty fourth street
near Fighth aver The summary
by S. Bloch, 6 yards; T
is, secon ime, 7 seconds,
: my 42- Pound Weight 1 by Morris Keat
ing, 2 fect, with an ectual throw of 17 feet 6 Inches:
JW. Grief, 2 feet 6 inches, second, with 16 feet 6 inches
! 800-Yard Low Hurdle- Won by J. Dover, 24 yards
| J. 1. Donohue, scratch, second. Mme, 39 4-5 seconds,
One-and One Half Mile Run Won by P, J. Corley,
180 yards; A Edwards, 175 yards, second. Time,
& m! nutes 12 4.5 seconds,

609 Yard Run—Won by D. M. Daly, 15 yards; Mar
tin Buckley, 30 yards, second. Time, 1 minute 212-5
| seconds

Running Hop, Step and Jump--Won by John F.

Daly, 5 feet, with an actual leap of 59 feet S inches; H.

Obertubessing, 4 fect, second, with Ab feet 6 inches.

Won by John C. Doyle,
Dudley, 24 Inches,
. Gilbert S. Jackson, 4 feet,

Won Fitz

    

<.

 

 

 

“TMe SUN : . REAL ESTATE
DVERTISING
ud News medium will better meet your re-

quirements than any other publication, reach-
ing as it does people who have ooney for in-
veatment, and suppiying each day all the news
available of intcrest to those interested in the
Realty Market — Adv

SUN, MONDAY,

|
|

 

 

GOOD SPORT ON SPEEDWAY:

THE

 

RETURN OF FAST HORSES FOR
PALL CAMPAIGN,

Nathan Straus Gives Freddy Mis First Brash
on the Noted Speeding Groand Against
Oscar—Three Gray Pacers tn a Race Pr ives
Interesting to a Big Crowd of Onlookers,

 

Many of the road riders who have been away
during the summer were on the Speedway
yesterday. They were attracted to the city
by the matinée at the Empire City track on
Saturday and were glad to look over the ble
drive agaih. A few have returned their horses
to the city stables, but the majority will not
be settled for the season's driving for two
weeks Dr. H. H. Kane, President of the Road
Driver's Association, dr ve up behind a bay
gelding, His string is still at Long Branch,
where he has been jogging them on the roads
for the past few days, He says they are all

| carrying considerable flesh, but it will take

but being Corbett's partner |

'

and |

only afew days to put them in brushing trim

Nathan Straus drove his bay gelding Freddy
on the Speedway for the first time since he
was added to the string headed by the great
Cobwebs. When Mr, Straus bought Freddy
at an auction sale last spring it was announced
that the gelding could beat anything on the
Speedway

“If he can do that,” sald Mr. Straus, “I will
give you $5,000 for him,”

As the auctioneer would not
Freddy's ability to head all the
Straus bought him for less money.
his initial brush was with the
Oscar, Which has defeated almost every horse
with which he has had a “go” this summer,
Henry Zahn, who drives Oscar, was requested
by Mr. Straus to brush down from the bend
as he wanted to try Freddy against a good
horse. They turned on even terms, and from
the start down to near the finishing point it
Oscar drew

guarantee
eracks Mr,
Yesterday

was a close and exciting contest

away, passing the point of rocks, and won
by a length. Although defeated in his first
brush Mr. Straus was pleased with Freddy's
action. He is good gaited and acts as though
he ts game.

Ike Fleming, behind Mr. Straus's Malacca,
hooked to a bike cart, also had an Interesting
argument with Oscar. They went along in
good style to the point of rocks, where both
Osear caught quickly,

anim als left their sir de
however, and trotted to the finishing point
with Malaeca running it out. Another good

brush in which Oscar was the victor was against

o, 3 Lloyd's back gelding Malzour One
week awo Mr. Lloyd wanted to try conclusions
with Oscar, but Mr. Zahn decided that hia

horse had about all the work he could atand
for that day, but promised to give him @ race
the following Sunday. They met above the
bend and made a great race of it until Malzour
began to tiptoe and act unsteady Before
Mr Lloyd could get him down to business again
Oscar had gained a winning lead

Dr. Gill's gray gelding Anheuser, one of the
fastest pacers now on the drive, and T.N.B,

) also a wray sidewheeler, driven by Dr. D. Ran-

|
}

Corbett, and |
\ would like to trv conclusions with them

'

}

did not develop anything |

|
'

]
} that was driven

dell, met in one of the warmest contests of the
dav. Thoy. went down from the bend like
a whirlwind and the sidewalk spectators grew
enthusiastic, despite the sweltering sun which
heat down upon them. They, flashed paat
the point of rocks with both drivers swing-
ing their whips. Anheuser showed a greater
reserve of speed at the end and passed the
winning mark with a slight lead. After a
cooling out spell, it was agreed to have an-
other * "as Dr. Randell felt quite sure his
horse could show the way next time
Asthey were about to start Mr. Wilder jogged
up behind the gray pacer Girlie and said he
Three
gray pacers {n a brush was something unusual
and the crowd prepared to see a gruelling con-
test Anheuser and Girlie jogged further up
the road to turn for the start than did T.N. B.,
and when they swung around T. N. B. was
already under wavy. Dr. Gill started after
him, but Girlie dropped out after a few strides
Several in the crowd called to Dr. Gill to pull
up, thinking it useless for him to attempt to
overcome such a lead, but the plucky doctor
kept Anheuser going, and at the point of rocks
he was at T N. B’s wheel. Then there was
hard driving. The horses stretched their
necks and the drivers strained their nerves
and muscles, Anheuser's nose showed in
front and le won after about as hard a drive
as he ever had
One of the finest brushes of the day was be-
tween Alves, driven by Nathan Straus, and
David Harrum, Col. Taylor's brown. gelding,

 

 

  

 

driven by E. Perren, pt Buffalo, Both
gentlemen were behind good horses and they
madean exciting race. Alves, however, had

the most steed and won. Bernard Kearns,
with his welding Drex, had quite an interesting
argument with Freeland,2.17%, driven by E.
F. Pierce. Both horses were steady and it
was a good race all the way. Freeland won
by hall & length. Drex also had two great
brushes with T. N. B

Each one was a drive ,

from start to finish, with both drivers using |

the whip. Dr. Rand ll's gray was the victor.

Another good three-cornered. bru-h was
between Mr Pirung’s Alice B,C. C, Floyd's
Malzour and Mr. Wildy'’a Girlle. For half

the distance it was about an even thing, wher

Girlie began to drop back aad Malzour pushed
his nose inthe lead. Alice B, could do no better
than get second place

\ new team on the drive which went Ike the
wind, exett-d a great deal of attention. The
turnout {s the property of Mr. McCormick
of Poughkeepsie, who came here for a dav's
driving. It was his first appearance on the
Speedway. The horses he drove were Genie

pacer, 2184. and Little George, trotter,
a trial mile over the Pough-
a few days ago in 2:18%. They
He will re-

 

keepsie tracl
are not regularly driven to pole

  

| turn them to Poughkeepsie to-day, but expects

fle ds in the rematotog competitions |

| Temper, Prestini or Z:

{1

 

to bring three or four good ones to New York
jn about two weeke for the autumn driving

Horses Ready for Grand Circult Meet at Em-
pire City Track.

Evervthing is in readiness for the Grand
Circult meeting which will open at the Empire
City track to-day. Every stall on the grounds
is full. All the noted horses of the campaign
are there and the meeting promises great races.
On to-day's card are four races. In the 2:13
trotting are Woodford C., E. R. Bowne's gelding
Farris, Alice Barnes, Nell Gwynne, Kate Mo-
Cracken, Maggie Anderson, Tudor Chimes,
Ba; Star, Baker, and otner good ones, Six-
teen are named for the 2°20 pacing

"The 2.08 trotting will bring out a fleld of great
ons. very heat is a race and three heata
decide it. In it are Georgina, 2:07%; Grattan
Boy, 2:06'¢; Gayton, Charley Herr, Lord Derby
and Lord Vincent There are ten entries for
the road wagon trotting, and there will Prob-
ably be six starters, among them Maid Thorne,
rio, Caridon, or Martha,
rombia, and Texana, Franker or Battleton,
» horses will be called promptly at 1 o'clock
1.20 o'clock

 

 

 

and «started at

 

Charles Welland yesterday bought the Rac
ing mare Elsie S from. William Freer “he
price was not made public

Belle Haven Horse Show.

GREENWICH. Sept. 9 —Belle Haven on the
Scund marked the close of its summer season
yesterday afternoon by holding its tenth an-

in tront of the Casino from 2

nual horse s.ow
to 60'clock, followed by a ball at 830 o'clock.
A parade of four-in-hands was one of the

Thirteen of these showy
at the brow of the historic
two

princjral featur s
yehicies assem: led
“Pu ‘'s Hil" and paraded to the Casino,

miles distant. There were fourteen cla ses in
the show, judged + y George R. Reid, Samuel
W. Taylor, Jr, and Thomas A. Maitlaad. Fol-
lowing are the awards

Coaches and Brakes— Howard Willets, first; Albert
C. Hostwiek, second, W. Ro HL Martin, third,

Pairs of horses, 15.2 hands and over—lL. V, Hark-
ness, first Albert C. Bostwick, second; W. R. H

Martin, third

Pairs of horses under
first, Thomas Diamond, second; Mrs
third

Pairs of horses driven by women-- Miss Harkness,

18.2 hands--C. A, Gould
EC. Kirkland,

; first: Miss Lotse A. Benedict, second; Mrs F. M,
Vreeman, third
Single horses, 15.2 hands and over—W. R. H. Mar-

 

lin, first; Albert, Bostwick, second; L. V. Harkness,
third

Single horses under 15.2 hands-—-B Lambert
Sacte't. first; Howard Willets, second; lL. V. liark-
ness, third

Pontes, 14,2 hands or under—W. H.
Jr, rst; Garnett Lee Day, second;
Lafiln, third

Single horses, driven by women Miss Martin, first;
Miss Harkness, second; “irs. Freeman, third

Single roadsters, driven T. Martin,
first

 aette roadsters, driven by men—Henry K. Day,
first

Men's saddle horses— Alfred B. Maciay, first; Jesse
C. Moore, second: W. R. H, Martin, third,

Hunters and Jumpers—Alfred B Meclay's horse,
ridden by FE. HH. Carle, first, L. T. Martin, seeond

Women's sadde horses—Georg Ro Read, first:
W. R. AL Martin second; Mrs. R Donnelly, third.
Tandems, driven to appropriate carts W. RH
Martin, first; Charles A. Goud, second; Howard
W. Willetts, third

Woolverton,
M'ss Ellen DP’

by men—L

Foot Kace Between Teutonic Stewards,

A iunning face took place yesterday on the White
Star Line dock at the foot of West Eleventh street,
between ©. Hagelgrove and Harry Andrews, both
stewards on the Teuton'c. The men ran 100 yards
for a stake, and Hazeigrove won by a yard Consider-
able money charged hands on the result

 

Horses, Harness and Carriages.

No better market is open to vou, providin
four goods are reliable, than the readers a
HE SUN.—Adr

SEPTEMBER. 10, -1900..--

redoubtable |

 

NEWS OF THE WHEELMEN.

Firemen’s Century Ren in Style—New Stare at
Vallsbarg.

Despite the circumstance of it being a warm
Sunday, there was a great turning out of wheel-
men everywhere yesterday, The roads wero
in splendid condition, except for a dusty sur-
face, and many riders remained at the various
resorta to return by moonlight.

There were 175 starters in the annual century
run of the Firemen's Cycle Club when it started
from Be.ford avenue and Eastern Parkway
yestercay morning, and there were only a few
missing when the last checks were given out
at night. There were six women in the run
and they all finished. They were Mrs. Ed-
ward Kettel, Miss Nellie Burger, Mrs. J. Due,
Miss Nellie Benson, Mrs, J. M. Millett, Miss
Jane C. Yatman and Mrs. R Brown, Former

Chief Jolin Castles and Capt. MeAree of the Fire
Department rove a tancem anu were the cour-
lefs

Lhe first division of the run was paced by D. M.
Adee, fl. Romer and San) Belcher: the second
division was paced by W. It. Mackey
Gotthe If, the third division was paced by R- M

Kingham and ¢. BE. Nylander. ¢. P. Staubach
Was cuptaip. The main incident of the ride
occurred on the way out, when Alec Rowe,

ot the Century Road Club Association (8. W. K)
fell against a large rock aud ripped off a finger
nail. Capt. Staubach made anew recor d for
punctures e bought and had put on five
new tires, but finished with the “last ones."
The four-lap board track at Vailsburg, N. J
is becoming a place for the «evelopment of

new stars In the profeselonal ranks of cycle
racits. The usual Suncay crowa of several
thousand, about Uhree thousand, attended
yester. ay, unc witnessed the first trlumph on

the track of J. P. Jacobson, the fle gling pro-

fessional, He beat J. 'T. Fisher of Chicago
by half a lengu) in the finalsprint of the five
mile han icap. Wahrenberyer was a loser to

Wheeler alinost from the start In their pursuit
race. Summaries follow
Quarter Mile Noviee
Walker, Bloomfeld
Roy West, Brooslyn, tuird
Half-Mile Handicap Amateur
R. A_ Brooks, New York ett

Final heat won by E. B.
Charles Maurer, Newark, second;
lime, 84 2-5 seconds.

Fioal beat won by
ards; G, W. Crook,

Brooklyn, scratch, second, Gus i elsing, New York
city, 15 yards, inird. Time. 1 minute 4 seconds
Quarter Mile Handtican, Professional—Final heat

 

¥ by Floyd Krebs, Wyoming, N. d..2) yards; J.T,
Fisher, Chicago, serateh second; Charles Hadfeld,
Newark, third ‘Time, 30 3.5 seconds

Untimited Pursult Hace Between 'S. B. Wheeler,
Danbury, Conn, and_W. F. Wahrenberger, New
York A C.—Won by Wheeler; distance 8% miles
Time, & minutes 58 2-5 seconds

Five-Mile Handteap, Professional—Won by J. P.
Jacobson, N wiiaven, 20) yards; J.T. Fisher, Cht
cago, setateh, second; Floyd Krebs, Wyoming, N. J..
200 yards Time, 12 minutes 182.5 seconds,

Two-Mile Handieap, Amateur~Final heat won by
Gus Welsing, New York c'ty, 99 yards; G. W Cronk,
Brootlyn, serateh second; C, Prank, Newark, 210
yards, third) Time, 5 minutes 3 |-5 seconds

 

 

Roundsman John Scheussler of the New
York squad of “bike cops,” who has been known
for a couple of years as the champion of the
force, successfully defended his title yester-
day at the Guttenburg track, by defeating
Patrolman J, J. Waters of the Brooklyn “bike
squad.” It was a race of mixed character,
the first trial at a mile and the second a five-
mile pursuit, withatoss up for the third trial,
if one should be necessary, Scheussler won
the mile race by a length and overtook Waters
in the pursuit race before they had ridden a
mile and a half. Charlie Schlee of Newark
distinguished himself in the unlimited pur-
suit race. In the half-mile amateur handicap,
Sullivan tralled behind Dove and Dove droppe
out in the stretch. It looked like such a plain
case of team work that Sullivan was disquali-
fled by the referee, although he finished first.
Surnmaries follow:

Half Mile Novice—Final heat won by J. B. Miller,
Yonkers; Frank Wish, New York, second; 5S. D.
Smith, Freeport, L. 1, third. Time, 1 minute 17 seo
onds

One Mile Open, Amateur— Final heat won by George
Homan, Lawrence, L. 1, G. C. Schreiber, New York,
second: John Bedell. Lynbrook, L. I, third
2 minutes 4) 48 5S aeconds.,

Half Mile Handicap Amateur—Final beat won by
KB. . Norkett, Brooklyn, 25 yards; W. C, Cosser,
New Yor! 4° yards, second clinton Ayres, Newark,
45 yards, third. ‘lime. | minute 5 seconds.

| niimited Pursuit Race, Amateur
Schire: Joun Bedell. Lynbrook L. L, second: Monte
Rutter, Norwalk, third. Distance, 121-3 miles. Time,
$1 minutes, 37 seconds

Quadruplet Match Race, Two Miles, Amateur, be-
tween Homatne term and Dugan team—Won by Ro
maine. ‘Time, 4 minutes, 36 seconds.

Mateh Race, Mixed Professtonal -John Scheussler,
New York, and.! J. Waters, lt rooklyn-—One mile heat
race won by Seheussier. Time, 2 minutes, 54 seconds,
Five mile pursult won by Scheussler. Distance, 1%
miles Time, § minutes 10 seconds.

Time,

ALBANY, Sept. 0. — The best time made on a bicycle
between Albany and New York before Sept, 2 was
idhoursand 20 minutes. On thatday Ray Hulett of
New York broke the record, making the distance tn
12 hours and 10 minutes, J. Hendrichs of New York
yesterday came up tn 13 hours and a fraction

Boston, Sept. 9—Will Stinson carried off
first money in the Golden Vase race at Charles
River Park last night It was planned for
four nights, but a stormy one intervened
Ktinson covered in three nights 202 miles
1,631 yards MecEachern finished second,
Champion third and Moranfourth The feat-
ure of the race last night was,the strict atten-
tion to Dusinesa and the even, steady riding of
MeKachern and the plucky determination of
Jimmy Moran, the new recruit. Champion's
propensity to sit up and observe the position
of the other riders cost him many yards, and
he was the most unlucky with bis motors
which gave out at critical points. — The score
was: Stinson, 66 milesi,613 yards; McEachern,
66 miles 408 yards; Champlon, 64 miles $0 yards;
Moran, 63 miles 610 yards. The total score
for the three nights of six hours was: Stinson,
2 miles 1,63) vards; McKachern, 202 miles
707 vards, Champion, 198 miles, 1,050 yards;

  
 

 

 

Moran, '93 miles 853 yards

The Essex County Automobile Club was
organized on last Wednesday night at the resi-
dence of Kirk Brown, Montclair. Glen Ridge,
Montelair, Newark and the Oranges are repre-
rented in the membership, which promises to
include most of the ninety or one hundre
automobilists in the county.

Model Yachting.

The members and guests of the Wave Crest Model
Yacht Club of Brooklyn had a most enjoyable day
yesterday at the postponed annual midsummer re-
gatta, The races were over 4 course half 4 mile to

windward and return, In the first event, for first
class sloopa, the Nanska, ©. lL. Gray, Osaka, W. Wal
lin, and the Chief TIL, Edward bE, Flynt, started,
Nanska won, with Osaka second and Chief IIL third.
The starters In the race for second class sloops were:
Red Man No, 2, Edward FE, Flynt; Nellte GQ G., Dr,
Goodman; Coquette, Alfred Gillie, and Mereta, W. Wal
lin. The Nellie C. G. led from start to Anish, with the
Reed Man No. 2 at her heels all the way
The New York Model Yacht Club members bad
ood sport yesterday off the clubhouse at Steinway.
he concluding feature of the day was the presentation
to Commodore Sweeney of a gold badge, the gift of
the members There were twelve starters in the skiff
race, which was won by William Ogle: H. Muff, Jr.,
was second, In the special race for the second class
sloops the starters were: Vim, John Smyth, Jr;
Sirdar, Commodore Sweeney; Sluner, Peat and Mur
ray rhe course was 4 three quarterof.a-mile tri
angle. Sirdar won, with the Sinner aecond The
Hoodoo, Willlam H. Muff: Foam, William Murray,
and Ripple, Weber and Ogle, started In the race for
the third class sloopa The course was one-quarter
ofa mile to windward and return The Hipple won
first prize, with the Foain second
The members of the American Model Yacht Club
held thelr annual fall regatta yesterday off the club
house in South Urooklyn The first event was for
the championship cup, and was hetween Townley
& Pigott's Star andthe Sirdar, Commodore Sweeney,
of the New York Model Yacht Club. The Star won
two straight heats handlly Then the Ripple, New

 

 

York M. ¥. C., met the Star, The latter won the
best two In three heats In the race for first-class
sioops the starters were: Henrietta, J oD. © y
Alpha, F. Olsen, and Huckeye, Edward Antenen.
The Henrietta won, with the Alpha second and Buck
eye third Phe starters in the second class were
Jessie, F. Olsen; Uncas, Edward Antenen; Comet,
George F. Pigott; Wasp, J. D. Casey, Sea Gull, M

Ondosko, and Water#iteh, A. Moore, The Comet
won two out of three heats, with the Jessie second,
Wasp third and Waterwitch fourth, The race for
the third class boats followed, ‘Tle starters were
Mars, fF. Olsen; Nymph, A. Moore, Lettie, A. Stender;
Star, George FE. Pigott, and Adalaine, F. Woerley.
The Star won tn straight heats, with the Nymph seo
ond and Mars third. ‘The Lettie was disqualified
for fouling the buoy In the schooner class Sweet
heart, George F. Pigott, and Meta, L. ©. Hopkina,
were the ¢ starters, ‘They raced over a haif-mile
stretch to Windward and return, The Sweetheart
wou ¢asily

  

Rifle and Revolver Shooting.

Sra Girt, Sept 9—The individual matohea
yesterday, the closing day of the meeting of
the New Jersey State Rifle Assuciation, resulted
as follows

Members’ Match Seven shots at 200 yards
by Gen Bird W, Spencer of New Jersey

All Comers Distances 200 and 400 yards, seven

Won

shots each Won by ‘Tom Anderion, boston, 45;
O. Hubsenmidt, New Jersey, #4, second.

hiayes Medal Distances 500 and 600 yards, seven

| shotsateach Won by Lieut W. W. Cookson, Wasb

 

ington, 67, Sergt David MeCaliey, Australia, 66, sec-
ond

Gen, E Po Meany. Distances [00 and 600 yards,
ten shots ateach Won by Sergt McCaliey, 04; Sergt
Hoyle, Seventy first New York, 02, second.

New Jersey State Rifle Association trophy—-Dis
tances 800 and 600 yards; seven shots ateach Won
by Private Maurice Appleby, Washington, 65, Lieut
W. Milton, Farrow, and Lieut, Cookson, Washington,
ted at 64.

Savage Match - Distances 200 and 600 yards, seven
shots ateach Won by Sergt Doyle, 67. Tom Ander-
won, Boston, 64, second.

Consoiavion— Distances 200 and 300
shots ateach- Won by Serg. HH

ington,

renter Revolver—Five shots at50 yarde—Won by
Tom Anderton, lad

Revolver Champlonsbip — Fifty ahots at 59 yarda,
on standard Am rican targets—Won by A i A
Himme wrieh', Manhattan Riffleand Revolver Asso
ciation, New York, 422

Military Revolver Championship

yards; ten
Leerer, Wash-

  

Distances 25, 50

and 75 yards, five consecutive strings of fire show
each—Won by Liew. RK. Ho Sayre, Squadron A.
N.Y., 30

Pistol Championship—Fifty sb ts at $0 yarde=Wen
by J. B. Crabtree, Springfield, Mass, 427.

and M. Brooklyn Elevated, every 15

      
 

BROOKLYN JOCKE

Sept. 1), 12, 13, 15, 17, 18, 19, 0, 2', 24, 25, 26, a7, 2).
SIX RACES EACH DAY AT 2.15 P. }

TUESDAY, SEPT. 11TH.

The Junior Champion Stakes, $15,000.

The Curt,

Y CLUB RACES.

The First Special, $2,500.

FIELD STAND, 50 CENTS.

TRAINS DIRECT TO THE TRACK,

LEAVE EAST
1:00, 1:20 P.M. Parlor cars on all trains
LEAVE PARK ROW, NEW

stopping at City Hall, Flatbush Avenue

YORK, daily,
minutes; Saturdaysevery 10 minutes
and 9th Street Stations only,

.

34TH STREET. NEW YORK, via LONG ISLAND RAILROAD, 12:40,

via Brooklyn Bridge and 6th Avenue
xpress to race track,

LEAVE WHITEHALL STREET, NEW YORK, via 20th Street, Brooklyn Ferry, every

20 minutes from 10:00 A. \

1
LEAVE PARK ROW, NEW YORK, Trolley Cars, via Vanderbilt Avenue and the P. P.

& C. 1. Road,

LEAVE BROADWAY FERRY, via Marcy and Rogers Avenue and P. P. & C. 1, Road,
LEAVE HAMILTON FERRY, BROOKLYN, via

16th Street and the P. P. &C, L, Road,

Music by Lander.

 

‘GRAND CIRCUIT EMPIRE CITY TRACK

|
|

 

Won bs Charles |

TROTS,

EMPIRE CITY TRACK,
BECINS
TO-DAY.

FOUR GREAT RACES.

2:12 Trot. 2:80 Pace.
2:08 Trot. Road Wagon Trot.

ADMISSION

 

ONE DOLLAR

 

FIRST RACE CALLED AT IP. M.

Trains from Grand Central Depot
(Harlem R. R.), every 20 minutes after
10:35 A. M.
EXCURSION

RATES.

    

GOLF.

First Round at Match Play for the Staten Isl-
and Champlonshtp,

The sixteen men who qualified on Saturday
in the preliminary medal play round for the
championship of Staten Island played their
first round at match play yesterday at the links
of the Richmond County Country Club, Doug-
las Bonner, who won the prize offered for the
best score in the qualifying round, had a close
and interesting match with his olubmate, A.
E. Paterson, and came off a winner by 2up. A
spirited match was played between George E

 

Armstrong and Louis Livingston, the winner |

of the championship last year, which resulted

in a victory for tbe old warhorse Armstrong,
It required the full sixteen holes to be played
between RK. 'T. B. Fiske and Paul C. Cooke be-

fore the former won by | up. The other three
contests played were 4@ trifle one-sided F
Wonham and FE. O. Schuyler, Richmond County
Country Club, and Mortimer N. Singer and W.
A. Hamilton, Fox Hills Golf Club, did not play

 

their match. Summary:
Douglas Bonner, Richmond County C. C, beat
A. E. Pateisou, Ricumoad County C. C., by 2 up;

Otis L. Williams Bichmond County C C., beat ©. 7.
Wemple, Harbor Hill, by & up and 7 to play; Georgs
E. Armstrong, Fox Hills, bea, Louls Livingston, Fox

Hills, by 2up; Charlies T. Stout, Richmond County
beat l. H. ‘Thomas, Lifchmond County, by 6 up and
2to play; R. 1. HB Fiske, Harve siti, beat P.O.

Cooke. Harbor Hill, by 1 Ups J. A. Janin, Jr., Fox
Hills, beat C GQ Goidsborough, Harbor iiill, by 6 up
and 4 wo play.

On the grounds of le basex County Country
Club at Orange, on Sept. 27, 28 and 29, the State
championship golf tournament will take place
among the members of an asseclation composed
of the following clubs; Morris County, eae
County, Lakewood, North Jersey, Englewooa,
Yantacaw, Nainflel d, Montelalr, Jersey City
and Baltusrol, Prizea will be given for the
champion player, best grosa score, prize for
the best team of five men, and &@ handicap
prize, the latter to be playe! for on the last
day. In this contest some of the beat known
players will take part and the event ts looked
forward to with much interest tn golfing cir-
cles. A meeting of the above name! club
will be helo this waek to complete the arrange-
ments for the tournament

 

 

MONTCLAIR, Sept. 9.--The fall season for the
women members of the Montelatr Golf Club will open
on next Thursday, when there will be a friendly
match with a team from the Essex County Country
Clubon the home grounds An interesting mate
will be played on Sept 2u with the Ardsiey team, this
being # return match

 

The women of the Glen Ridge Golf Club will playa
return match with the Forest Mill golfers on the ¢
Ridge links to morrow afternoon.

FREEPORT, Sept. 9.—- The work of the cighteen
Players who competed yesterday in the handicap
against +a at the Freeport Golf Club wae very
creditable “Ighteen holes were played. ‘lheen-

  

| trance fee was two standard golf balls perman. The

|

RT Raia

results were: Herbert F. Gunnison, 8&6; Henry M.
Kennett, 08; Theodore S. Hope and H.G
at 96; W. P. Cook, 07; C. A. Hope, 100; D. V. Aguim-
baw, 103; H. D. Lacoste, 110, F. R. Vernon, 125

 

The Bayswater Golf Club closed its season at Far
Rochaway on Saturday with the final match of the
series for the men's championship between A. C. Fet-
terolf, the Crescent A. C. crack, and J. W. Harriman
of New York. Fetterolf played evenly and won by
2 up and 1 to play in thirty-six holes.

 

Canoeing.

Commodore Henry M. Dater of the Brooklyn Canoe
Club has notified the secretary of the American Canoe
Association that at the fall meeting he will offer a
resolution amending the racing rules so as to abolisn
the sliding seat This isa board, four feet being the
Imit, which permits a man to hold his craft up with
hisown weignt and allowing ner to carry more canvas,

as he simply slides the board out to the extrem

of the gunwale of the boat as sie heels, © edge
The feature of the annual regatta of the

boeker Canoe Club on Saturday was the ne Antone.

H. Lansing Quick in the Foggy Dew, of the Yonkers

  

 

Canoe Club, Summary

Sailing Race, Class 1, Three Mile Triangul
Course on by porsy bew, H. Lansing Quicie
Yonkers ©, C.; Ma Belle, T. H. "Bain, Underclif’c. C.’
second oe

Sailing Race, Class 2) Won by Yankee. ;
Kretrmey, Knickerbocker (. ( : y ome
Double Biade, Tandem Paddling Race, Ha
Strairhtaway Won by Knickerbocker A i Mule
1, S. Stockwell and FE. H. Stockwell, canoe Lavra:
T. H. Bain and ¢ Moon, Lnderclif€ C, second. -
Double lade Paddling, Half Mile Straighta was
Won by mF st retemeye tr, Knlokerbe chore C,, canoe
Surprise au eller, canoe Us ‘ ker boc
8 ip oo: FT ] 1 sero, Knickerbocker
Club Fours, Vaddlin Won by the Knickerbock
ers, F G, Harrison, G. FE. Taylor, LS. S .
E i Stockwell, in canoe Frolte. h ewe oa
Single Blade, Tandem Paddling Won by F. G
Harrison aud G. E. ‘Taylor, Knic } . }
canoe Jean Hart. aeenerae Ss Sy
10% Yard Swimming Race, Seratch . W my
Paul Keller, Kuickerbocker C. C.: G, rics
Ralekerooexer ( C., second. , on
‘The fall regatta of the New York Canoe Club
sailed on Saturcays off the clubhouse at Recent
The wind was strong from the southeast and several
events on the programme had to be postponed. The
quarter mile paddling race, single blade, was woo by
C; P. Moser, J. KR. Plummer was seconé and ¢ eorcre
MacTaggart third. The time was 5 mi. ue
31 seconds the tandem paddling race at baif a
mile was won by Georg W MacTaggart and R. F.

  

Balle Tauis H. May and W. P. Moser we

I : } te se
and ©. Bowyer Vauvand J. R. Plummer third Time.
4 minutes. F. C. Moore's Ploneer won the failing

tTace, beating the Pioneer, Chance, Zipp and Aziz.

 

Brooklyn Yacht Clab Regatta.

The fall regatta of the Brooklyn Yacht Club was
satled on Saturday on Gravesend Bay. The wind was
Strong from the southeast In the 35-foot class of

sloops D. Grant's Bess won from the Ka
Squaw and Olga In the 25 foot class sane Re
Broph 8 Ollbway won from the Charlotte and Sone
ce. In the cat L el 4
Pebble won from the Pard a “ere

howling.
HALIPAX, Sept 9.-Mark Lynch of Halts
5 ‘ax de-
feated James A. Ten Fyck of Worcester, Mass. and

Harry Vall of St Johnin asculling race of thre
e short
mallee ,Testerday. Time, 20:33% Ten Eyck was

PU ob het tage

GRAND CIRCUIT
TROTTING MEETING,
SEPTEMBER 10TH TO ISTH, INCLUSTV®-

Raccs at 1:00 P, M. Each Day,

Special race trains every day to Mount Vernos of
Harlem Division, New York Central, from Grand
Central Station at 12:1) PM; 124th Street, 12:105
13sth Street, (2.21 P.M. Keturning after the races,
Frequent regular trains

EXCURSION TICKETS 40 CENTS.

Also service via 4th Avenue and 9th Avenue Elewa-
ted Road tn connection with Putnam Division to
Dunwoodie

Excurston Tickets from 155th Street, 40 cents,

 

Sportsman's Goods,

et te ee 7 ~~

      

        
       

ARE BITING BVERY WHLRE
ALL KiNUS OF | RESH 4ND SALT WATER
TACKLE AT 20 CORTLA\LT ST

Henry C Squires & Son

HIGH DIVES AT YORKVILLE BATHS.

Ellis Outclasses Holden—Fast Swimming by
Miss Ethel Golding of Kath Beach,
In an impromptu competition at the Yorkville
ewimming bath yesterday Willlam Ellis, @
motorman, took the edge off the laurela of
Arthur C. Holden, who styles himself the cham-
pion high diver of the world. Elis fs the man
who successfully made the dive from the roof
of Madison Square Garden into the swimming
tank after an attempt at the feat ended tn the
death of Prof. Tom Donaldson about eighteen
months ago. Holden was advertised as one of
the attractions of the swimming carnival held
under the auspices of the A. A. U., of which
another feature was a swimming race between
women. He was scheduled to dive from a
platform said to be 100 feet from the water

 

 

 

 

| level, but which did not apparently exceed 70
| feet, {nto the East River, which, according to

old residents of the district, was only about
four anda half feet deep at the time of the diving.

Holden ran down the ladder without making
the dive This was about @ o'clock, An
hour later, when Holden was telling the re
porters that he must wait until a quarter after
6 for the rising tide to come up another finch,
FJlis, who had been smuggled into the bath,
ran quickly along the approach ladder to the
platform and with scarcely a moment's heat-
tation made a grand shallow dive. The ap-
plause of the thousands who watched the dive
from the bath, pavilions and Bast River Park
reached Holden inthe back room and a moment
later a breathiess messengercame in with the
news that Ellis had made the dive, Though
greatly chagrined this did not change Holden's
— and a few minutes later he essayed the
eat, Holden poised himself for a few minutes
onthe platform, and then he sprang off. After
the out ward spring his body came down in good
style for about half the distance ‘Then his
jegs opened, and while the women uttered
little sereams and the men held their breath,
the direction turned, and he swerved inward,
while his leps moved in an ungainly effort to
recover his balance. A second later and his
body struck the water head on for the hottorn,
and those who had seen Donaldson dive to his
death feared a repetition of the incident 4
moment later Holden appeared and climbed
into one of the boats, which had moved to the
spot where he went down The verdict ef
nearly ali the experts present was that Ellis
fairly won the honors of the day

In the other events on the programme the
greatest interest centred in the women’s swim-
ming race cf fifty yards, in which there were
the following competitors

Adel Schetner, Clara Miller, Louise Sat
Layer, Kittie Waller, Mamie Barry, Moge
Ethel Golding, Mrs. Jennie Coben and |
drum

Ths race was practically a swir
young Rath Beach girl, Ethel Goldiig, who was
atte ded by hermotier. Shecut throvgh the
waterata great rate, using astrong «verhand

Frances L.
e Burke,
isle Gun-

er forthe

 

ttroke, and won by @ length, which was ha!

King, tled |

the distance of the race, The winner, who Is
only 10 years old, issued a challenze to swim
any woman for the_ chanpio ship of thea
world B. Shea of Bath Beach win the final
heatof the 100-rard nevice race by & yards

hee were a sore of  startera fa the
event, weeded out In three tral heats
The concluding event was a relay race between,
as the announcer put it, a picked team of the
Knickerbocker A.C. and a serub team from
Bath Beach. Owing to the loafing tactics of
Don M. Reeder, the former champion, in the
second relay, the Knickerbocker quartette out
the finish so fine that the judges declared it a
dead heat in 8 minutes 2 seconds. In ewim-
mine the heat off the “cherry diamond” team
cut loose in earnest and showed its real quality
by winning by a length in2 minutes 48 seconds
The summaries

 

100-Yard Novice Final heat won by B. Shea, Be
Beach D. Solomon, New York city. second; |
Thatcher, Audubon leach, third) Time, 1 minute

28 seconds

50 Yard Roys' Race-—Won by F. Stlefe!, New Yor;
P. Tierney, New Yor, second; Jobn Auem, third.
Time, 88 4.5 seconds

50-Yard Women's Race—Won by Ethel Go! «.
Rath Beach: Mra Jennie Cohen, New York, second:
Miss Lizgte Gundrum, third. Time, 42 seconds.

200 Yard Relay HKace—Won by Knievertocker A

 

C., with J. Ruidy, D. M. Reeder, 1. Goodwin and H
H. Reeder: bbath Beach. second, with G. Mull gan
H de Loiselly, M. F. Walsh and B. Shea. ‘Time, 2

| minutes 44 seconds.

'
| ing the past week

| Alumnl coaches, W
| coe, 199°, wiih captain of the

 

Football Notes.

LEXINGTON, Sept @-—The following ts the eohed-
ule of the Virginia Military Institute football eleven
for ibe coming season: Oct 4, open, 13, Washington
and L#e University: 2 Richmond College of Hich-
mond, 24 University of Virginia; 27. Rdanow Col-
lege of Salem, Va.; Nov. 3, St. Albans School of Rad
ford, Va.. and 1°, Georgetown Uitwersity, all as
Lexington; 17. Washington and Lee University at
Richmond, 24. Universtty of Maryland at Lexington,
29. Virginia Polvtechnife In«tttut of Blacksburg
Va.at Norfolk. Thirty men have been at work dur
inde: the dir ection of Coach Sam
Walkerof the University of Pennsylvania of 18090
BK Mont-omery and E FE. Bts
eveven, CS Roller,
Jr, at the bead. Sam Boyle of the Univeretty of
Pennsylvan'a, 1894. will arrive to-inorrow and begin
the line coaching. Theres prospect of a fine eleven
this season) «i be school opens on Wednesday end
then hard work will be the order of the day

ORANGE, Sept 9. Ffforts are being made to or
ganize a football team to play on the Orange Oval
tis fall to be known as the Grange Athletic Puotbell
Team. The Srevimlnary arrangements are in the
hands of Louls V. Mohor, Carl Schwinn, Dr, Carl
Sutphinand John ¢, Kyle. The team wil! be coached
by Dr, Sutphin, and Mohor bas been selected as cap-
tain. ‘Training will be started In about two weeks,
but the team is to be strictly ameteur, It is sald that
4 triangular league wil) be formed with the Elisabeth
A. ©. and the Newark A. C., and the season will close
as usual on Thanksgiving Day. Among those who
ere said to be candidates for the vam are Louis H,
Hoher, “Hod” Marshall, “Pop” Buell, John G Kyte.
Harold Lee, Albert Lee, William Kyle, George Gibaon,
Tommy Tucker, Clifford Brown, Joralemen ine
berg of the University of Pennsylvania, Chandler
of Princeton, Torrey, Grobert, Dailey, Estey, Clark
of Pennsy|vania State College, Crabb, Work. Wintiame
Oddie, Mason and Miller. A schedule of games has

 

 
 

 

 

 

been arranged as follows: Oct 6, Nutley A. GQ; 13,
University of Pennsylvania Reserves: All ‘Col.
legiatves of Philadelphia (Pennsylvania Ratirosa ¥

  
  

MO A. 27, Knickerbocker A, C.; Nov
lumbia University; 6, Duquesne Country and
sreatiye ta € ; arytgne: 17, Lalayette

” e aie Univer pees aly;
ark or Hla beth A.C “—

ee)