VOL. LXVIIL—NO, 94,

———

ROBS BANK OF $700,000;

 

VATIONAL'S NOTE TELLIER
HAS BEATEN THE RECORD,

PIRST
GONE

 

He Is Cornelias L. Alvord, Jr. a Nephew of
“Old Salt''-Sald to Have Disappeared on
Thursday After Seeing His Lawyer, Who
Thinks He Koows Where He Is—Alvord
Passed at Mount Vernon for a 840,000-a-
Year Man How Long He Has Been Stealing,
llow He Hid It, and How the Money Went
Not Revealed—Probably Lost on Stocks and
Horees-Thank Fillsthe Hole Oat of a Spectal
Reserve Fund Without Touching Its Puab-
lished Surplas—Hopes to Recover $200,000

but Has Not Got Any Yet.
The First National Bank at Broadway and

Wall street bas been robbed of $7W0,000 or there-

abouts by Cornetius IL. Alvord,

Ir Alvord has been in the employ of the bank

like twenty yeurs, is 60 years

old and weighs 800 pounds. He has disap.
peared. Just how long his defalcations have
been carried on or in just what manner the

cr So,

its note teller,

for something

bank offleers had not learned yesterday or
if they had learned they were very careful
not to aay so, The announcement, which was

made fust before the close of business, created

surprise than interest in Wall Street
First National Bank is one of the last
banks in whieh such misfortune would have
been looked for It is also one of the banks
which would feel even a three-quarter million
theft the least

[he formal statement issued by the bank
announcing the defalcation is as follows

The note teller, who has been in the First
National Bank for many years, is a defaulter to
a large amount, His operations have
tinued for a considerable period and have been
skilfully concealed through a manipulation of
his balance book.

‘The discovery was made by one of the bank
employees a few days after the completion of
the examination of the bank by the United
States examiner

“During the continuance of his peculations
periodical examinations have been made by
several distinct corps of examiners representing
the Comptroller's Department, all expert ac-
countants; and the bank has also had frequent
independent examinations, neither of which
bas developed any irregularity

“The Aggregate of the false entries, amount
ing to $700,000, has been charged off on the
books of the bank out of the reserve fund, with-
out diminishing the surplus [85,000,000], and
profita ($4,114,251 80) of the bank as reported
in its last published statement. It ts also ex-
pected that the shortage will be materially re-
duced by a substantial sum, which there is fair
prospect of recovering.”

In the forma! statement not even the name
of the defaulting teller was given and the of-
ficers of the bank were extremely reticent
yesterday afternoon when asked for any de-
taila further than the outline given. The
teller's name was given in answer to questions,
but little else could be learned about him from
the bank officers. They would tell nothing
as to the methods by which he obtained the
large sum with which he made away or how
long he had been falsifying his accounts; but
it was said to be quite possible that they had
not discovered how he had done his crooked
work

The defalcation is the biggest In the history of
the Street, according to the statement made
downtown yesterday. The Bank of the Man-
hattan Company was robbed by a defaulter of
about $164,000 and the Phenix National Bank
of about $390,000. Samuel C. Seely got $354,-
000 from the Shoe and Leather National Bank
and only a few months ago completed the
term of imprisonment which he served for his
theft. In 1801, after the death of John T. Hill,
President of the Ninth National Bank,a de-
faleation of $400,000 was discovered which was
charged to him

Cornelius L. Alvord, Jr, {8 a nephew
of the late Thomas G. Alvord of
Byracuse, famillarily known as “Old Salt,”
formerly Lieutenant-Governor of this State
and many times Speaker of the Assembly
Cornelius Alvord came here from the country
something like twenty years ago and went to
work in the First National Bank as a clerk
He was latterly earning a salary variously
stated at from’$3,500 to $5,000 a year, the bank
officers refusing to make public the exact
amount. Alvord lived at 227 Summit avenue,
Mount Vernon. He was supposed in Mount
Vernon to be a wealthy man anda circumspect
citizen. He usually got home about 10 o'clock
in the evening

Down at the bank, however, he was described
as having something of a “sporty” spirit, and
he was known familiarly as “Big Tom,” in al-
lusion to his great size. He ts florid and has
light hair and in his general appearance re-
sembled the Hon. William F. Howe. He hasa
wife and three children at Mount Vernon, and
60 far as the officers of the bank knew yester-
day there is no woman involved in the story of
his thefts from the bank

Alvord's place in the bank was in a wire cage
in the basement. His duty included the hand-
ling of the incoming mail and all drafts and col-
lection items. He sent runners out to make
these collections and in this way handled an
enormous sum. Theduties of note teller usually
are to mike all discount collections of the bank
and to collect the checks and notes deposited
with the bank for collection by out-of-town
banks, It is reported that Alvord also handled
the cash shipped by the First National by ex-
press. He also handled the (learing House
sheet showing the checks on other banks that
were handled by the First National, or kept
the record of the Clearing House exchanges,
Also be prepared the showing of cash exchanges

the money received and sent out by the bank

each week, giving it to the various agencies
through which such statements are made pub-
lic. Some of Alvord's acquaintances thought
he was living rather sumptuously for a man of
his supposed salary, but they heard that he was
raking money by speculation in the Street with

no less

as the

con-

 

a relative Since he first went to work for the
bank in February, 1870, he had been regular In
reporting for business and attending to the
duties of his place. He was absent on three
occasions only, each time by reason of flness
When he was away the work of his desk was
alowed to accumulate for him, it {8 sald, no

stationed there

 

There are tw tories as to how the discovery
of Alvord’s defaleations was made. One of
the @tories is that the bank examiners were at
the ba t d last week and that
Alvord appar had some premonition
that day that ! peculations had come or
would cor to lieht. He left the bank early
in the afternoon of that day and according to
the story came back to the bank between half
past Sand § o'clock that evening and got one

of the watchmen and tell him if there

 

 

  

   

 

 

 

bank that night but did not ao to his home at
Mount Vernon and did not return to the bank.

The other story is that on Thursday of last
week the books were urdergolnoe ex
amination because of suspicions that
had arison. Alvord, according to the story,
had sent five tally checks up to the main bank-
ing room on the main floor of the building,
and apparently had not had a chanee to make
certain alterations in the books to correspond
with the slips when the bank officers sent
for him to ask him to make some explanations,
It was Alvord’s tisual time for starting home,
about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, and the mes
senger who went to the to find him
returned with word that he liad just gone, He
has not been seen since

The officers of the bank became suspicious
and set accountants of their own at work on
the books. Within an hour, it is said, dis-
covery was made that several hundred dollars
of the bank's money had disappeared, money
that it had been supposed had been paid
out-of-to banks) The American Banking
Association was notified, and the Pinkerton
Agency was asked to keep track of Alvord
Detectives went to his home and watched all
night, according to the story, but learned that
he hud not gone there from the bank that day
One story saves he has not been
Thursday morning The bank officers would
not say yesterday that the local police had been
notified or had anything to do with the case
against Alvord and it could not be learned that
aby warrant had been sworn out for him. At
Police Headquarters it was said that the theft
had not been reported there and that the central
office men were not Alvord

The examination of Alvord’s books was
continued and his stealings found to
have reached almost three quarters of a million
dollars. President George F. Baker of the bank
did not make any formal statement yesterday
He said in response to questions that he was
much exercised over the matter and that
desired to get to his home after business hours
leaving to Vice-President F. 1. Hine, the task

basement

 

wn

 

home since

 

I

roking for

were

he

of superintending the investigation, and
leaving it to Mr. Hine to make the publi
announcement of Alvord'’a defalcation Mr
Baker went to Tuxedo He said that Mr

Hine would tel! ali that had been discovered

It was said yesterday afternoon that up to
noon of yesterday the First National Bank
had communicated with half a hundred oute

of-town banks before it learned the extent of
Alvord’s stealings. When Mr. Hine was asked
how it was possible for Alvord to get hold of
eo much cash without being detected, he re-
piled

“Ah, now you
the question that is interesting
answered we shall know much
the matter.”

Mr. Hine said that there was no reason to
suspect any other employee of the bank and
that there was no indication of any collusion,
either with another employee or with any
depositor of the bank

With reference to the statement in the bank's
formal announcement that the $700,000 lost
had been charged off out of the reserve fund
without diminishing the bank's surplus and
profits, Mr, Hine was asked in what account
the reserve fund appeared A copy of the
bank's last published statement, dated Sept.
6, was referred to when the question was asked

“Oh,” sald Mr. Hine, “it isn’t in that state
ment.”

“Then you carry a reserve fund that ts not
reported?”

“Yos.”

“Then you have simply charged off this loss
against a fund in hand which officially the
stockholders do not know of.”

“Iam not prepared to say that exactly,” Mr,
Hine responded. ,

“Would you mind telling how much is left
in that fund now?”

Mr. Hine elaborated his statement a little
lastnight. Hesaid that Alvord was not bonded,
Then he laughed.

“A bond would not make much difference in
a case like this,” he added.

When pressed to explain how Alvord ano.
ceeded in stealing the money, he said

“You wouldn't understand it if] did.” °

“Will not the bank make any statement later
on the subject?”

“It will not. The public would not under-
stand if we explained, Later we may explain
to a competent bank offictal if any such desire
information,” ;

Mr. Hine said that Alvord received all the
notes, epecie and currency from out-of-town
correspendents,

“Did he hypothecate the notes?”
asked

“No, He hypothecated no notes,
took the cash.”

“Do you blame the bank examiners for not
having detected the thefts?”

“No more than we blame ourselves.”

“Do you think Alvord could have stolen al
this money without the collusion of others in
the bank?

“He did, didn't he?”

“You are quoted in an

are getting at it. That is
When it is
mofe about

 

 

he was

 

He just

afternoon paper as

  

saying that you were looking for the ‘other
big thief in the bank
‘T never said any such thing. I don't think

   

there were any confederates

Concerning Alvord'’a habits Mr. Hine added
that Alvord could not have been squar i
money in Saratoga this sur er becau
was not away ym the bank at all, They
knew he had been an extremely high liver. Mr
Hine would not say anything about his sus-

picions aa to how Alvord got rid of the bulk of
his stealings

The condition reflected in Mr Hine's
statements excited a great deal of interest
Among the explanations advanced was
this, by one bank officer: He sugested
that the assets of the bank might be

| Carried at less than the market value and that
so it might not be hecessary to charge the
surplus account, the books,

Was any one working scage. The watch
man bro t back word that the Vice-Presi-
derit, two assistant cw jiers and two or three
Strangers were at work in that department
Alvord asked what they were doing and the
watchman replir it they were working over
booke and papers and doing some figuring.
This story. which percolated through various
quarters, Said that Alvord wentaway from the |

Why So Many Travel This Way:

   

Poland! Poland! Poland! Poland!
is the purest natural spring water in the world.—Ade,

 

as it appears on

this loss. An offset

 

with d be made to

 

rah

 
 

 

 

 

 

this loss by advancing such assets on the books
to the market prices of the securities now held
below their market prices Another banker
said that the Tirst National Bauk carried a
vast amount of securities as assets on which
there wi 1 large profit, and out of this the
could charge off this big defaleation This
banker is oof the best known in the etreet,
but he was only & ng an explanat at
might be 4 | lie did not pres to

speak for the First N nal Bar
Bank officers said 4 y that in most of
the local | Ks file er, known as the
letter teller, opens in the morning,
fa s received before
er to the note teller, thus acting
the er itis thesystem for
to check up his items every day
“ sh with receiving teller

4

 

note teller also

   

 

 

 

 

 

inake up the daily Clear » sheet, and
it nof bank offic rst National
Bank's s have been different from
that of other banks, or otherwise it would have
been necessary for Alvord to arrange for the
falsification of many of the books and accounts
of the bank, a thing manifestly impossible for
himto undertake ne
Alverd has naturally in the course of his
service at the bank gone through many previous
ions, both by ficers of the bank
jand by the national bank examiners How
he managed to cover up his tracks in stealings
thats t certainly have extended over a very
‘ | eriod ir 1 l 1 very inter-
“ tory when it ~ % told it was
Sarato Ar eu Water taken for healt? u de
ris easure, | en for pleasur u acquire health
For nerves, stomach, kidneys -Adr

Poland! Poland! Poland! Poland!
is the purest natural spring water in the world. —~Ade

 

| remarked yesterday on the steps of the United

Bank building that although no man seemed
to be able to any considerable extent to beat
any of the betting systems common in the
gambling world, yet there always seems to be a
man able to beat any bank bookkeeping sys-
tem, There will be great curiosity to know
how last man found out at
this succeeded in doing it An officer of the
First National Bank said that the bank was in
the dark even as to the manner in which Alvord
spent the money he stole He moved in good
society in Mount Vernon and waa too quiet and
regular there to have his manner of life arouse
suspicion, This officer said that it was one of
the clerks In the bank who detected something
wrong in connection with Alvord or his work
and brought the news of his discovery to one of
he bank's officers. Alvord, in some way, be-
came suspicious about this time and took occa-
ston to leave his work very promptly on time
one day, not to come back to it The bank's
officers have been unable, according to the
statements made yesterday, to met track of
any accounts in the Street which would repre-
sent any possible speculations by Alvord.
Gossip had it yesterday, however, that Alvord
had been doing some speculating, that he had
notions of his own as to how successful specu.
lations could be worked and that he also had
interested himself in horse racing. It was
Said also that at Saratoga last summer he had
one of the finest turnouts there and lived at
the rate of $300 a week—some people said $300

the

a day. These stories said that Alvord went
back and forth onthe Saratoga Limited. A
despatch from Saratoga last night said that

Alvord had no cottage there.

Che concluding sentence of the bank's formal
announcement of the defaication, referring to
prospects of recovering a substantial sum which
would materially reduce the bank's loss, was
supplemented by reports in the Street late in
the day that the bank expected to recover soime-

thing like $200,000, The reports had it that
$100,000 of this was represented in real
estate and a similar amount in securities
Nobody knew, however, uat what the

securities were or what the real estate was
or just how the recovery Was to be made It
was recalled that in some instances to a certain
extent similar recovery has been made from
gambling places and in certain instances from
brokerage firtns when it has been shown that
they accepted money for speculative purposes
from amanknown to beaclerk on salary and

 

without known financial means of his own
sullicicot to warrant his dealings in stocks
There was a rumor downtown that Alvord

had jost $75,000 in one transaction in Telnessee
Coal and Iron stock.

Supt. Dougherty of Pinkerton
said yesterday that the agency handled for the
American Banking Association cases involving
forgery, burglary and sneak thieving, but that it
did not handle embezzling cases for the associ-
ation. He would not say, however, that the
agency would not take up such cases for indi-
vidual banks and it is not questioned that the
Pinkertons are after Alvord

The bank officers would not say yesterday
who made the examinations of Alvord’s books
The national bank ex-
s district are Forest Raynor of
Brooklyn and Charies A. Hanna = They
not Communicative yesterday

Bank Examiner Hanna said last night that
the the First National Bank
had been concluded. He declined togive any de-
tails and said the rules of his departunent pro-
hibited hin from making any public statement

The First National Bank is one of the oldest
and richest banks im this country. It has ale
nent in Government financial
the ree

the agency

 

on behalf of the bank

 

aminers for th
were

 

examination of

ways been promi
operations, particularly at the time of
It was founded

t f «r
n of spe

 
 

fe payments

 

suTop

 

by Jacob Thompson, who was the 7 isher
of the Bank Note Detector, a guide that Muancial
institutions depended on in the old days of
State banks In recent years the bank has

been connected with what are known in Wali

Street as the New Jersey Central interests
George F. Baker, President of the bank, and
He « Fahnestock, Vic®@President, are both

directors of the Central Railroad of New Jere
In the bank's board of direct:
Messrs. Baker and Fahnestock, are FI. Hine,
also a vice-president of the bank, William B
Reed, its cashier, Fisher A. Baker and William
ok President Baker is Preemie
it of the Astor National Bank, and ts known

 

sey », besides

 

 

Also

   

 

te
as one of the financial advi-ers of the
He and his associates have contro)
wrethan fifteen

 

family ed
the affairs of the bank for m
years

The bank's strong finanetal
is indicated by the fact that the official re
port of its conditiona 5 showed that
it had a surplus and individual profits com-
bined of $0,114,251, or nearly twenty times
the amount of its capital of 850,000. This
is the report

very position

of Sept

 

RESOURCES

 

  

   

Discounts and Time Loans - $5,654,610 11
Overdralts one 12.645 03
t ted States } 4s 400.4 oo
United States 1,700, ¢ vu
United States to 6reu
t! : Ao 00 00
Other Stocks and bouds 20, +18
Pret A 4,853 74
ate aes 60 00
‘ $7
endersand Dang
rs eee j
I from Tra erot
s
Ex 2,
Due
b 10
———-—-———— 25.379.276 73

$52.6658,204 74
LIABILITIES.

 

     

Cc eeeeee $500,000 60
Ss £ 1 )
WRSRUN caidis 6icceve acadeaea ccitaaeaveann 4
at
De posits, banks ‘ 605 12
Deposits, Inuividuals 200 B2

aa ee «30,007,505 04
1’. S. Deposits es 1,455,000 00
U. S Bouds borrowed seeeeessoses 3.000000 00

$62,669,204 74
The bullding in which the First National Bank
and the Bank of the Republic have their offices,

the United Bank Building, has housed therm
since Issi, and when they moved into it Wall
Street dubbed the place Fort Sherman, because

of the dealings of the bank with the Treasury
Department when John Sherman was Secretary
f the The bank had been doing a

i-

 

 

 

 

 

moderately profitable business under the 4

deu f muel C, Thompson, when in 1877 a
controling interest was purchased by George
Fk. Baker, wh vas then ¢ ier, F. A. Baker,
I. O. French, Phenezer Schofield, F. F. Thor
son, H.C. F estock and the late James A
Garland, who teol er the Thompson interest
int inetitutior The new control were young
! hrewd and active. Messrs. Falnestock
and Garland id been associated with Jay
Cooke, and the bank profited largely in placing

Government loans under Sherman

“$10,000 A FAR”

AT MT. VERNON

Alvord Passed for Rich, Kept Seven Horses,
Many Carriages and a Boat,

Mount VERNON, Get. 23.-Cornelius Alvord

Jr.'s home in this city was on Chester Hill, where

 

 

he had a $25,000 Louse surrounded by fine lawns,
wit 1 bie stable He purchased the property
in 1903 from the Lueas estate and since then
Alvord and his wife have done a great deal
of et dining, and their jlavish use of money
has been atown topic. A year ago Mrs. Alvord
created a sensation at the ball of the West-

it by wearing a 81,500 lace

chester Wheelmen
'

gown and aid her diamonds, which according

to the nelehbors were worth $25,000 Mra.
Alvord explained to her friends that her hua.
band, altt only asalaried employee, was
in a position where he received valuable in-
formation about the stock market which en-
abled lim to make $40,000 a year by specu-

 

Poland! Poland! Poland! Poland!
is the puresi natural spring water in the world ~Ade@

OCTOBER 24,

 

Astor |

lation. Alvord kept seven fine horses in his
stable and as many cerriages and employed
two coachmen and two footmen

Soon after Alvord purchased his estate on
Chester Hill, the Methodist church society of
that neighborhood decided to build a temporary
church structure on Summit avenue opposite
Alvord’s house All of the property in that
neighborhood is restricted and the chureh
people were obliged to get the consent of near-
by property owners before beginning to build.
Alvord waa the only neighbor who objected
The church people went ahead in spite of his
protests and he secured an injunction. The
case was fought out in the courts and decided
against Alvord. The pastor of the Chester
Hill Methodist Church is the Rev Dr. C. J
North He said last night that he had noticed
several strangers watching Mr Alvord’s house
and that he had been told that they were Pink-
erton detectives

Alvord was a member of the New York Ath-
letic Club. He was the owner of a big, finely
equipped naphtha launch, which he kept at
‘Travers Island until last September, when the
naphtha tank exploded and the Jaunch was
destroyed

here are three children in Alvord's family,

Helen, §& years old; Harry Benedict,
Gladys, 2

Mrs Alvord went out for a drive with her
two daughters and a maid this afternoon
When she returned @ SYN reporter saw her
She was crying when she left

6, and

at the house
the carriage

 

“Il have just heard of this thing myself.”
she said “Don't ask me anything about it
I don't know

She said afterward that Jacob F. Miller of
120 Broadway, New York, was her litisband’s

 

counsel, and that any inquiries should be made
of him

Alvord’s father end mother formerly lived
with him at Chester Hill, but they are now

at their own home up the Hudson. flis father

 

 

is in the loe business

In the Mount Vernon directory d's
name appears without any address or reference
to his business, and after the name is the fol-
lowing All other information refused

NEW ROCHELLE, Oct. 23--The name of I
Alvord does not appear on the assessment
olls of this city. It was reported that the
bank’s lawyers had located some property
in New Kochelle which Alvord owned and that
they would attach it Augustine Sinith, the
ehairman of the Board of Assessors, went over

the books with a reporter, but failed to discover

 

such a name It is possible, of course, that
he may own property in New Rochelle under
an assimed name Alvord was well known
in New Rochelle, being a frequent visitor here
and his genial disposition made him many
friends

DETECTIVES IN ALVORD'S HOUSE,

An Idea Prevalent That the Man Is Not So
Very Far Away.

 

Mount VERNON, Oct. 25.—Three detectives
from Pinkerton’s agency who came to Mount
Vernon on the case to relieve two others who
had been here all day were told that Alvord
had lent money to his relatives and that he had
purchased an ice plant inhis father’s name, the

 

purchase including many icehouses along the
Hudson The detectives questioned Alvord’a
neighbors to learn whether he had been in
Mount Vernon sinee Thursday. They were

told by a druggist that Alvord had paid a hurried
visit to his home on Saturday, but they did not
believe this story for they knew Alvord's house
hed been under surveillance by other Pinker-
that day After qu ting the
they went to the home of George
minstrel Mrs. Primrose said
her husband had been intimate
e Alvords for two years
We exchanged calls frequentl ®}
“And although I was surprised to hear of this
affair I had an intimation yesterday
coming, I knew the house was being watched

by detectives but I never suspectedthat any-

€

 

ton
drugmist
Pr mrose t? e

men on

that she and
fnends of *

 

that it was

thing was wrong until I heard of the house be-

    

ing watched, I am sure that Mr. Alvord has
not been in Mount Vernon since Thursday last
for his children have been in and out of my
house several timnes since then and 1 have seen
Mra. Alvord since ther

Among the other neighbors of the Alvords
is W T. Amas, the real @state inan whose home
Was broken intu 4 few weeks avo by Gregory

the “gentleman burglar
house on the same avenue

the house of Robert Me urdy

Carter, known as
Adjoining Ar
wi Aivord’s is

es's

 

 

4900.—COPYRIGHT. 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTIN

 

Lord, hired recently to commit suicide in so |
that his wife might collect $50,000 life Insurance
At ll clock to-nigbt two of the detectives

|
|
|

were admitted to the Alvord house by a ser-
vant, and it was sald that they would remain
in the house all night. This gave rise to a
rumor that Alvord was under arrest in his own

 

home and that he was to be taken ont. At
midnight the detectives were stil] in Alvord’s
was said it was their intention

h -e ind it

t r there to prevent the removal of
or y paintings and brie-A-braec which the
bank may cause to be seized) Every room in

the house was lit up and Alvord’s coach
the door

an
remained on guard at

ALVORD PLAYED THE HORSES,

Nets of From 6500 to 61,200 Did Not Buck
the Tiger at Saratoga—A Blonde tu Black,

 

Alvord waa ta patron of the Tenderloin
gambling houses nor was he one of the well-
known frequenters of the big restaurants and |
café tie occasionally went to Corbett's

| aaloon late at night and drank whiskey and to

Saratowa

Hotel Imperial cigar inter where he
bought 30 cent cigars The bookmakers siy
he did frequet Siratoga and waa there this
altuonugh this is denied at the

the

last summer,
bank

At the Saratoga racetrack, they siy, he was
well known to the bookmakers, who had enough
confidence in him to let him run an account
and make good his losses at the end of the
week But he was 4 quiet man at the track
and never created 4 sensation by plunging

Sam Newman, one of the Saratoga book-
makers, said last night that Alvord's beta did
not average more than yand that the larg-
het he ever made was $1,200. Newman
Alvord went
her bookmaker, said that Alvord

 

est
also suid that
Al David, anot

to the races alone.

Was frequently sccompanied by a woman with
blonde hetr and dressed in black, who aleo bet
on the homes

Alvord did not visit the gambling clubs of

The
last night that
iy oft

“We should have known all about him,” said
the gambling house proprietor, “if he had
visited the clubs, and we should have fought
shy of hin learned that he had
anything to do with a bank. That is a rule of
the gambling houses.”

Alvord hed apartments at the Hotel Pabst,
Broadway and For y-second Street, where he
and hia wife went frequently after the theatre
He is also known at Shanley's

proprietor of one of them said
Alvord was not a patron of his or
e other places,

 

aa soon as we

THINKS HE KNOWS WHERE ALVORDIS,

His Lawyer, J. F. Miller, Saw Him on Thars-
day, the Day He Vanished

Jacob F. Miller, Alvord’s lawyer, said last
night at his house, 62 West Eighty-ninth street,
that he had no statement to make about the
matter, Jt was he who notified Mrs. Alvord
f her husband's defalcation

I have not seen much of Mr. Alvord Intely,"
said Mr. Miller, “not} since he moved uptown
and from there to Mount Vernen.’

Poland! Poland! P
fg the purest natural spring

jand! Poland!
ter in the world. —A@e

  

a ert ree ns ee +

Mr. Miller was asked when he had seen Mr
‘Alvord last. He hesitated for a moment and
replied: “On last Thursday, I think it was
He came to see me about some business. What
it was about I can't tell you, I can't violate
the confidence of my clients. If IT did they
wouldn't come meat all I am now
looking after Mr. Alvord’s interests ”

It was on Thursday Alvord disappeared
Mr. Miller was asked if he had been reteined
by Alvord especially for this case

“All l can say about that,” he replied, “ia that
I am looking after Mr. Alvord's business ”

Further than that Mr. Miller would not make
a definite statement Askedif Alvord had told
him that he was going away a defaulter, Mr
Miller said; “I wont say that Mr Alvord is a
defaulter” He refused to explain that answer
more fully He was asked if he knew where
Alvord had gone. Hesaidthat he didn't know
exactly but that he had an idea) He wouldn't
say whether Alvord had left the country or not

to see

or where he thought he was

A question whieh the reporter asked Mr
Miller was understood by the latter to mean
that Alvord had been arrested He irted in
a surprised manner and said What, has he
been arrested’

Any other particulars about Alvord Mr
Miller refused to give His reply was that he
could not violate his client's confidence and that
the bank officials “Ww more about the case

 

than he did

ALVORD CAME FROM SYRACUSE.

Had Financta!l Backing tn Syracase and Had-

son~Marrled a New York Girl.
WASHINGTON, QOet, 2% Cornelius Lansing
Alvord, Jr., is about 40 vears of ageand a ! {

‘ ] Alvord of Stoekport-on-the-Hu

 

  

  

 

He is a nephew of “Old Salt" Alvord of
cuse, Thomas Alvord, chief clerk of the Cone
gressional Library i se of “Old Salt «aid
te iwht that) n Corne «had made
away with any funds of the Dirst National
Bank he was sure it Was in speculat
[ have t ! ‘ nh for about ten
oe. “but he was never extravawant
‘ ort lie Was thorous?
e ‘ where he started
VOATS Me Hie had wealthy Dachers
wai of Syracuse and Hud
lam very much surprised to hear ofany trouble
of this sort through him He lived at Stock.
port-on-the Hudson, his father has a
farm,and William Alvord, his brother, is one
of the best-known men in that communits
Cornelius married @ New York girl who lived
in Harlem somewhere, 1 believe
SYRACUSE, Oct —Cornelina 7, Alvord's
father, Cornelius, was one the founders of

 

 

the Salt Springs Bank and the Bank of Salina

Young Cornelius, as he is known here, was born

    

and brought up in the town of Salina, now a
part of the cit) When a young man he went
to New York tolive, and has since resided there
His femily moved to the eastern part of the

nd the old home

lated (oO Bey.

State soon after his departure
up Aivord is re
eral of the most prominent and wealthy fami-

lies in Syracuse, and the news of his defak a.

here was broker

tion created @ sensation here

DEFENDS BANK FXAMINERS,

Says They Could Not Ke Expected to Find an
Old Defalcation When the Bank Didn't,
WASHINGTON, D. C,, Oct. 23.—Secretary Gage
esid to-night that no report of the defalcation
of $700,000 in the First National Bank of New
York bas been received by the Treasury De
's He said
iners cannot be expected to dis
the bank officers

GAGE

partment om

 

“ur exam

 

cover an old defaication where
themselves have not found or suspected it. The
Fir-t National | ccaun stand iteasily with @

one

surplus of $6.0

 

No Property Recovered Yet.
Charles A Peabody, Jr, is counsel for the
bank. He went out of town last night, saying
that he knew no more of the defaloation than
he had seenin the evening newspapers. His
partner, Fisher A. Baker, said at Yonkers that
just as soon as the bank recovers a penny s
worth of property it will let the newspapers
know of it

 

a. D. OLIVER DIES IN A STREET CAR,

 

Buffalo Business Man Was on His Way to Din-

 

ner—known asa College Athlete,
Henry DPD. Oliver, the Buffalo manager of
the International Paper Company, who four
years ago was a crack oarsman and footbed)

   

the University of Penns«vivania,

player at

   

    

 

  

became tll in a Madison avenue car last

a few minutes af leaving the H

hattan, and died before an ambulance ,
from jower Hospital could reach hit Ap
pearances indicated that the cause of death
was apoplexy, Mr. Oliver was or 27 vears
old, but was short and weighed more than two

hundred pounds
Mr, Oliver arrived here vesterday afternoon

 

  

    
 

  

 

from Buttalo and resistered at the
hattan. He had an engagement
evening with William B. Dillon, the
President of the y ut -~ 1}
Fifty -fi treet, and ‘fT dressin
a i
the hote t
car wae stopp ed (he
nee, but the su nu
¢ . i) ‘ rae
hey
‘ ed fr bape
the body w removed
rime fifteen nmiinute
“atel { ! * My ‘
i ea “) oor { police
body fF ved ndetre
n anid that Mr Oliver elo
be one of the guests at his wedding annivere
aary dinner last night and that they were wait-
ing for him when @ messenger arrived with the

news of his death

   

 
 

Mr. Oliver first appeared in college athletics
as contre rush on the Lafayette ‘Varsity. foot-
hall te He was centre rush later on Tenn-

 

 

The Northern New York Democratic Leader
Is Against Bryan.

Oopenspenra, Oct. 23 —Daniel Magone of |
this city, Collector of the Port of New York
during President first ind
many years the Democratic dictator in northern

Cleveland's tert

New York, announced to-day his opposition
to Brvan. In anawer to a question as to the
duty of Democrats this year, Mr Magone

{
sald to THe SUN correspondent
I cannot give my support to any party, no

 

matter by what name it is called, which seeks
to dontrol the Supreme Court of the U1
States

ited
] was and am opposed to the Chicago
ind

platform, erroneously called Democrath

 

  

of course was and am opposed to the Kuartisas
City reaffirmation of that platform and to the
renomination of Mr Bryat
A story told here illustrates Mr. Magone's
positio A teacher inone of the publics |
f« an ardent Brsanite. He i read
ind considers himeelf invincible ino are '
Hearing that Mr. Magone was about to d re |
his position against Bryan ed the Dem. |
ocratic leader, saving he 1 led ed
iim that if he had made up | mind te we}
| for McKinley he w wrong. Said the tea
Mr. Magone, 1 wish before I ivt
to vou that up would first tell t '
innot vote for Mr. Bryan, i ndeed . i
that you will not do so }
Mr. Magone lied a servant and asked
to bring his Bible. When the ad bee
ded to him Mr. Magone turned to the Ten |
Commandmen ind pointed to these words, |
Thou shalt not steal
There sald Mr. Magone, “is the prin |
reason why IT cannot and will not vote for Mr. |
Bry an |

|
|

Alabama People Wish to Express Their Feet-
ings of Regard by a Reception, |
Binmincuam, Ala., Oct, 23.—President J. M |
Faulkner of the Alabama State Fair A t |
to-day wited Lieut. RK na ty |
to extend to Admiral Samp iit ition |
to visit Birmingham, Alle f Ad- |
rat il be borne by tl Birmingha people
and receptior 1s cordial as a ever ext led |
to publie n ire promised tis desired that |
the Admiral come here Nov. 8, on which day |‘
Gen. Wheeler and Lieut, Hob ny be here |
Hobson will delis address and will pay |
| his respects to Admiral Sampson, which, it is de-
sired, shold be heard by the Admiral in pe I
Since the speech of Lieut. Hobson at Selma, |
in which a high tribute was paid Admiral
Sampson and the announcement was mace |
that that naval officer was dying with a broke
heart, much discussion favorable tothe Admiral

INVITATION TO ADMIRIT SIMPSON, |

 

 

  

has been aroused throughout Alabama. The
press of the State are saying the kindest things
now of Admiral Sampson, a reversal of
ditions of @ year ago,

cone

 

PORT LIMON'S BIG FIRE,

Onty Three Stores Left Standing—Crary Con-
viet Belleved to Have Started the Blaze.

 

New On.eans, Oct, 23, Passengers from
Port Limon, Costa Rica, give a full account
of the wreat fire which occurred in that town
last week, It is believed that the fire
started by an esc aped conviet from Colombia,

was

| He rushed from one of the burning buildings

ayivania’s eleven and since leaving college has |

played with the Orange A

 

SUICIDE'S BODY IN THE RIVER,

Left a Note of Farewell to His Friends When
He Lett Home.

Capt, Marshall of the barge Royal Blue found

the body of a man, about 40 or 45 years ol, in

the Hudson River off Sixth street, Jersey City,

 

              

 

yesterday afternoon, The body was removed!
to Speer’s morgu Letters were found in the
pockets addresset to Jacob Bloomer, 812 sev.
enth avenue, and also to Mr, Bloomer, care of
Mr. Malone, northwest corner of Ninth avenue
and Twenty-elahth street, this city A business
care b re the na e and at res of ( . br ibs A

J, Bloomer, manufacturers of cigars, 204 Seventh

avenue

 

he son-in-law of Bruns, the cigar maker,
said lust ight) that the drowned ma
was undoulbtediy Jacob Boomer of  ia2
West lwenty-ninth street, this cit
Bloomer Was in debt and had had
trouple his business, He wentaway a week

igo Monday night end leftaneot: in whien le
said good by to “all hiv friends” and asked that
his watch be given to his brother

Vale's Fresh Freshmen.

New Haven, Conn., Oct. 28 According to
th® Vale Datly Newa ‘he present freshu
at Yale is “the freshest of the ‘resh In a
scathing sour on the freshmen the Vewes says
editorially

“The present freshman ciass, as a whole, are
the ycunwest acting vot that have cometo Yale
for a lone time, If their wonted actions ex-
hibited merely freshness, we woud eladiy ex.
cuse them: but when they mcrpetrate misde-
meanors which is likely to do their college os
well as themeelves serious injury we feel justi.
fleiinseoring them. One favorite amusement
is to annoy the street car conductors by discon.
necting the trol'ey. This is a mild exampie of
their many capers.’

an class

No Jim Crow Street Cars in New Orleans.
New OnLeans, La., Oct. 23.—The New Orleans
City Council to-night, by a vote of 12 to 4, de-

feated (he ordinance proposing to re-adopt the
star car sys'em and compel the negroes to use
separate street cars from the whites

Poland! Poland! Poland! Poland!

half nude, and, armed with a machete, en-
deavored to prevent the firemen putting out
the fire. He was finally shot down and killed

The bucket brigace was unable to handle the |
fire, and a large force of men was employed in
pulling down houses to prevent the spraad of
the flames, This failed and gunpowder was
ised to destroy the buildings. The fire was
edin this way
ng the heavy losers was the United Fruit
mpany The total was $1,134 I
surance, $966,000. Only three stores remained
standing

The President of the Republic came from San
José and took command of the k of cheeking
the fire. The poor who were driven out of their
houses during the fire took refuge with their
household goods on the sea wa!l and in the park
and market vlace

OF THE ALTRIS CREW,

Yacht Was Sinking Forty Miles Out at Sea
When the Ethelred Hove in Sight.

     

  
 

 
 
    

}
loss

  
 

 

RESCUE

 

 

  
 

 

  

  

The story of the experienee of the sloop
yacht Aliris, whi was overwhelmed eight
days ago in a gale while attempting to cross
from Highland Beach, N. J., to Gravesend Ba
got here yesterday from Port Antonio, Jamaica
The Aliris was driven by wind and <ea about |
forty. miles southeast of |
and lost her boom and her j
was ripped to tatters. The j
Ethelred h n Wee n
and went the “ns
in a@ winking cone and K
and William HL. l.angston, Ott und
Noah T. Mason, all of the boroug n
Afier the gale had subsided the
sloop, which had been r ne be ast
got into water shoal er to alot tr
nee her anchors Thes held her nose to the
gale until the fruiter came alone and took off
tll hands

NEW NAME FOR GOOD GROUND,

To Be Changed to Bayhampton at Wauhope
ITynn's Soggestion.

    

G p Grorvnp, | I, Oct. 2 The name of
this © isto be changed to Bavha

a sO 8 the post office authorities can make

the necessary arrangements It appears to be

or recessary to change the name of the Post

Office in ¢ ler to give the conimuni a lew

nu The matter of a new name was put to

' {received t) pport of about 06 per

the popula The new name was

ed by Wa Lynn of New York

is er Te ut. The. food

   
  

   

and thee d is good but some of .
ants did not belleve that the name suger
enouh life for a place that depended large
upon the summer patronage of New Yorkers

     

MES, KERR BACK FROM ADIRONDACKS,

 

Where She Was Shot by Accident br Dr. Dade
and Lost Her Leg.

Mre. Chauncey F Kerr, who was accidentally
shot ‘ast month while deer hunting in the Ad
rondacks by Dr Charles T. Dade of 48 Fast
Fifty-sixt street, and whoseleg vas amputated
above the knee, was brought to New York from

 

 

    

 

 

      

 

 

 

 

 

Poland! Poland! Poland! Poland!

fs the purest natural spring water In the world. ge 3 fs the purest natural spring water in the world én

rym ore k

 

 

‘Clearing to-day; to-morrow

 

fair and cooler.
-- oo ee - - a ——— ——— ecraennenenes someone ee
y AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION, PRICE TWO CENTS.
1) DANIEL BAGONS FOR M'KINLEY, | PATERSON MURDER UORROR

MILL GIRL WAS DRUGGED AND DONE
TO DEATH BY FOUR MEN,

 

 

Campbell, Kerr and Death Have Confeased,
but McAlister Remains Obdurate -Took the
Girl Unconscions ta Cabtoa Lonely Spot
ood Three Assaulted Her-Brought Her
Lifeless to a Doctor and Then Drove With
Her to Spot Where Body Was Found—Oorpse

Allowed to Full So the Head Struck Jagged

 

 

Pdge of Stone All of the Prisoners Well
Koown and Two of Them Are Married,
Parruson, N. J, Get, 28.—-The last trace
of mystery sur linw the Killing of Jen-
hie Bo ter eventeen-year-old girl
e bod vas nd near the Wagaraw
Brid ove t | River on Frida
1 cleared) awa
Phe 4 " red drinking place about
TD j arlit There she was
‘ | wd th fourimen, driven
t place rts of the town,
take ‘ nd and there
boevinigr the id ‘ was eriminally
. ted thir ons Wher
found ‘ r | ts mis after
being put ba nthe Lafter all thelr
effort t restr ‘ i the drove
it ert ‘ eof a rin Pater
“ -dowr mined her
in t ri ae nd § | her de
I} ‘ wrt ‘ ' the renats
‘ ip Alveu ere the dea |
‘ A ted t, « it ‘ e Where
! . nad ! ke a dead
‘ } head dmiberate hed against
the ragsed-ed@ed rock on which it rested when
hod was discovered t one of Alyea's
‘ ees early the next morning That is
' rv i itline of what is regarded aa one
‘ 1 t hornble erime in the history of
Ni Jerse lhe deed was the work of four
en ranging in awe from 41 to 24, every one of
wl of excellent family and who, with
ee ption, st | we inpublic estimation
inthe mmunity, All were active business men
{wo of them are married, one With a wife and
eral children and the other with a bride of
five weeks The brother of one of them isa
former Judwe and is married to a sister of the
Mavor of Paterson All four of ther are under
arrest and locked upinthe County Jail charged
with murder. Three of tham bave made full
conte The case against them, appa-

 

rently, is overwhelming. Their names are
Walter C. McAlister, George J. Kerr, Willfam
A. Death and Andrew Campbell McAlister,

who is80 vearsof age, isamember of the firmof

James McAlister & Co., engaged in one branch
of silk manufacture. He lived with his father,
James MeAlister, at 106 Park street. His two

sisters, who are utterly prostrated, stand high
socially in Paterson and are very popular,
George J. Kerr is 41 years old and is married
to his second wife and has children living by
her and his first His oldest childi« a
girl ist buddinginto womanhood It was
his brother, Judge John F. Kerr, who married
Mayor Hin Hisfather, Hugh
Kerr, ia one of the noted citizens of Paterson,
aman of means and of high character. He
it was to whorm the late Vice-President Hobart,
at a great reception in the armory givenin
Mr. Hobart’s honor on hisreturnfrom St.
Louls after receiving the nomination four
years ago, referred as “one of the Democrats
whom L am delightedto honor.” Kerr has
two sisters, one of whom is the wife of a promi-
nent Paterson physician. Kerris a meraber
of the J. P. Dunlevy Company, dealers in pal ata,

and painting contractors

witea

hliffe's sister.

William A. Death, who is 25, was married
only five weeks ago, He is an advertising
solicitor. He was a member of Company C,

New Volunteers, and served
honorable record in the Spanish War.

Second Jersey

 

 

 

   
 

 

       

 

withan
Irew Campbell, who is 24 years old and
unmarried, was a bookkeeper {n Hand's silk
milll at skeview Until the Bossehieter
tuurder he, Death and Kerr bore excellent
reputations, notwith-tanding the fact that
Kerr was the juseparable companion of MeAl-
i-ter, who did not huve so good a name dn the
Cor nity His character :
the nickname that was
Sporty McAlister Wis
called and ’ was
the streets ir the evening, @*)-
erall in is frequented
! rather shady
toid at in the
w" line | overy of
neetion ir hieter’s murs
A ding t " ‘ nin the hands
e polloe, i whi comes pre
surnal tr M ‘ Plices, it woe
he who led in the erin last I day nigh
Hie it was, it is sald. who draugwed the giri 4
drink =U t " where the ere
were last eer with her nd e 14

 

 

     

  
    

diets ves i y urd .
4 o 1 i ! ( 1} irahce ¢
i rm t i °. ! hered | that
le Boss t r} teo'clock
r=cdiay Klow hent’s drug store
eart of t ‘ itr e
ela for r ther gave her fif
P . Ther se rea to belleve tt
ennie took but a moderat ere n her
drug store errand i nity of Kent's
drug ' ni rson was Where the @lided
t { eMeAlmter stripe ere apt tolounge
ir bie ing for young @irla who,
\ Loss er, were given to flirting.
I nis asofthist pe there is no question,
Whi hie e wasfarfrom beluga depravedor a
‘ « wirl, «he had a number of young men
nega es and she not infrequently was
know! nk beer with them
She w . ug store on Thursday

ike her purchase
* Campbell
Campbel

evening tor
there

   

   

 

  

 

   

     

 

 

 

  
  

     

 
    
   

  

 

 

Tal awus, in Re-ex county, on Mond night, = 7 on , :
Frank (oe 608 Fifth avenue) Mra Kerr was f Campbell guided her
wceomny hermother, who went to the . 2 a aaa >
Adiror the accident haoper Mai “ long Br madway, through
° ; street Christopher Saaa’s saloon
and ty me Coe Kerr, Mra Kerr is now *
} ’ er and Bridge stre The saloon is a
f . F ‘
entrely i f dance M Charle< Hbnilev of “ {ana } not @ bad fe atior
P deiphia, who was wounded by the same pi a ee . th tables where n on
budet whieh hit Mere Kerr, bas completely samen "ate in the habit 62 going to
recovered eee . , : ;
indi iio To ne of hese rooms Campbell
. “4d Jenni and the two were soon | ined by
GOLD COINS IN A SATOON FLOOR, ter. Death and Kerr. Saas said yestere
iat he was very busy because litle
Twenty-Dollar Pleces None Too Good to Walk arade and that he does not re er all
On at Soath Bend, vas served to tt arty i ’
wows that tw was
SovrTu Benn, Ind, Oct 23. Gold coins play Me Aliate came tothe bar ar : betnthe,
onimportant partin the floor ne of a saloon b 7 and one glans ¢ 4 ic} A imi i -
that is belive built here Twenty-dollor pieces =o), himself. He says, f } ‘
are being inserted in the tiles that areto belaid = served the party with a quart
nd eseh of the blocks will have a vellow metal paw That is the best he «
centreplec In the iniddle of the Moor will bea esterday afternoon, except t
curiosity in the s ape of anold $50 gold « ,for in the cha > pir Ki
which the proprietor {s saidto have paid ’ numhing ‘ ‘ jt?
The tilea will be concave and the co ns wil! be ations of ected by any dru
eet alightiy below the surface, so that boot and » [Mm e have n that Mead
shoe heels wil not wear them twice p oke-e n Jennies drink
i
- ee ee They also } 1 presumably from
. the confess ns at} e Des that
Six Foresters Wanted for the Philippines. neither of t? 4 eomed t nnie
Imnaca, N. Y., Oct. 23. President Schurman | that MeAli r «poke ' 1eTs,
of Corneil announced to-day that the New | s4Ying, she Was a qi - ind tt ak in
\ : loam wrt entie t et
York State College of Forestry bad been re. , 4 : pM ee oii . oo
quested to furnish six professional foresters | Soe that MoAliate ij Kerr went to
forthe Philippine lsiards. Four students have PLB oe . , treet ff the bar
signified their willingness to go j ‘ fy ee o Fr j ; for a
’ ‘ b Saas re ! the
To Hiuminate Dewey Arch for Rrvan! hen gong t r OW hear
The National Assoclation of Democratic | What they said. T! m Peep nded
ius : ¢ “ars Nas
Clubs appiled for, and yesterday the Counet | kn brie r He has
voted to grant, permission to illuminate the | made a irrested and
Dewey Arch and coluinnsa with electric lanps on | is bow | ‘ a ° is held
the night of Oct. 27,in honor of Bryan and | 4 wi cessory By
| Aguinaldyo the time Ss ' i “ t the saloon

Poland! Poland! Polaud! Poland§
fs the purest natural spring water in the werld—Ado,

Saag re

ts

z

1 ee =

 

ete

as

siete

a ee