—_

 

 

Se
'AN EXCURSION INTO BOHEMIA.

What the term really means discussed after |
a visit to the haunts of the New
York bohemians.

IN The SUN

 

—_—
—

VOL. LXXXIII.—NO. 158.

ich MORROW.

 

+++

 

_NEW YORK, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 5,

WAGE DEMANDS | Wilson Now to Use Lash

FAIR, TIMERIPE,
MINERS ASSERT

United Workers Tssue Re-
ply to Statement of An-
thracite Operators,

 

THERE ARE NO

 

 

 
 

 

 

  

  

 

 

   

 

 
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

   

 

on Congress for Defence "#9 NEW

 

President Believes the People Will Force Passage of
Preparedness Bills—No Great Outburst
Yet, Pacifists Aver.

 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE MAY TOUR THE SOUTH SOON |

‘Mrs. F.

 

Wasitincton, Feb. 4

returned to Washington to-day from

son

     

 

 

  

 
 

 

 
    

 

 

     

 

 

 

 
 
  

  

 

 

 

 

    

    

 

   
    
   

 

 

 

 
    

    

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

  

President Wil-t around

the circle in the central West

jand has adopted the tone most likely to

  

    

  

   
 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

    
   

 

 

  

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

   

 

  

 

his stumping tour deter . vom. | *Ppeal to this people. That he has ac-
BIG S \ “TOR ES OF co \l a a andl tour ee to com | complished good for the cause we have
eas plete the job of forcing his defence} no doubt. The chief opposition to it
Sas | programme through Congress here and throughout the country comes
The President's assertions that the | ffom within his own party, and al-
. ; > a : : , though he has addressed his appeal and
Poiut lo Invasions of Non- country had been deceived aa to the) his argument to the whole public it ts
attitude of the middle West on de-!the Democrats he has hoped to tiffuence
unionists and Inet reidses fence does not mean that he is certain P Post-Dispatee “The President had a
of success at this stage of the fight, ft] UeSS4Be for the country and has ade
° + \ - ‘livered it Whateve other success is
in Living Costs, sald authoritatively to-day. If pos-| imputed to the trip. he wt least his
President Wilson may renew his{ shifted from himself accouctability fo
—_— --—---=- - appeal to the people of the country be. | &ny unpleasant consequences flowing
‘ : ,, fore the end of the month, invading | from a disregard of the safety first pres
Patiowins the = statemer by vue other sections of the country where the one ons he #0 solemnly enjoins
Antiiracte coal Operators printed ino yee. | oppes 1 is said to be strongest ane Sta) That President Wilson bas
terday morning's NeWspapers the United It certain that the President will | Sutal Maree dele oak ve
g ery . . ve . y ‘ . (
More Workers of America gaye oul a ok ain it noe ean ih da people cannot be questioned, If he hus
earement defending their new demands, ran oe - ne bette ol aut ne in this way also Won against the
At toe same time the operators mi ule it ovoray with Germany j forces of opposition in Congress, then
plain that thelr statement had been made Leaders of all politionl factions aptes | Woe yn, of the people does not rule in
a j he i the thateif a sudden erisis with Germany ashington, But ff it doee not now, it
emply to acquaint the public with t raha ; tleally all obat ies | Will Whatever party is responsible for
facts of the situation aml was not a rod tHe a ' tis Veen Tit oath oF ines continuation of national weakness, if
formal rejection of the demands of the prenaredin on ArORPAIHITTS, : ; | it should continue, will be repudiated by
miners The statement of the mine f President's friends realize that | Se, peor ene xe November
' : sufficient time has not elapsed since the! The Republic In his eyes the mere
Worke s as follows : . ..} Mechanics of the thing—the forms of
4 1 ‘ , ' sape. deliverance of his messages to the country | : ;
“From all parts of the untry, espe oN tt intlucnce of tis campaign orgatization, (ie eonditiangs of training
cial.y the great cities and distributing a i rai vaated Pe Congress. The "| yield i thiportance. The essential thing
res, come accounts of shortage Of q_oe ne sueprise among Administration | oe ag dea , tee an flehtiag efficiency
authracite coal and of a consequent officials to-day on the President's eee | ofrelation ot spiritual ae I has
roftable market. ‘Jt 4s only just that When they found that ‘ho important | 0 Rats feet rt Ree i
: , changes are noticeable vet in the defence 1 from the transformation of a
the miners should also have a eiare in cup among the Democrats in Cons pecullar and passionate devotion to a
to their arduous and ooo. eertain ideal of liberty and a
higa has made possible , aes Be. paGon with the
ine . ' Not Vet Aroased, fe aw Ace Into the forces that
increases in the wages of miner Voters arinios add Win battles Woodrow
th hracte regions have by no means Ma of an a Con- p#on is thing the mt potent idea in
‘ t pace with the rates in other ine & sien, it uding me from the tere} Ame in Mieters nh the new garments
1! " ' bilery whe the President has been | of tnew day.’
a ‘ In the ten years following ‘ anakiie a they have not set
award of the Anthracite Strike Come peoai ved any derable number of let- | See
Mesio, while the rates of wages of the ters or telegrams, or seen any other! — QHIQ JOLT FOR WILSON.
aniiiracite miners remained practically evidence o lecided change ai ‘) |
ept on they of them con :
@atonary, the werkers in ot TAA eee : Dee tte Mas Be Forced to Declare Hime
ir luditig the miners in the bites Most of these Congressinen frat ia self an a Candidate,
is flelds, demanded and were yamited thes aid Exper au a ) | CouMAt Ohio, Heb: 4 Aviton..bs
“ feel Watge lereases, waned the anthira- px NTN | SINK ryvaannl eae a ve meer pSeecretary of State Hildebrandt to-day
na were forced to pay theit ew of ae oe whe are Oe hisses result ii trealdent Witso ieliie
sare of the better wae for in wf _ a Farin nth ae al a the couti- a Tene eee ts tu bis candi
0 erafte through the tdded casts of 4, mw otha the strength of his tilde nde iled that" iniless catille
ommodities that formed the meces-  ., ions to Congress has been ates for dele to the national Demo-
6 of their living i the t ip. Std vratic convention mane a frst and secon)
ap poner of the pr MIME | oholoe for 9 tines a . TE
No Grent Store on Hand, “ . reiterated to-day their deter- | sernise so rai fle “ i ey ta
“Reports | fente that there are noe tninatier o stand teadfast in their] epta ex of such candida the names
e teres of anthracite, but the inthe oj pesition r of delegates will be barred f¢rom the
er lenronds are not based upon the Iispeciall were leaders of the uppo- primary ballot in August Candidates
of the operators they ire tion tident hur the President will) for President have until Februcars to
fled by the neeessities of the i o force aceeplance of % m= | fe terenta ‘
n ixel Vee enta e statement that | Democrat lewlers ad he ifilde-
ey j z t Deere itive vot could be ecured Pbrandt woull so moptrue the iw that
t ‘ Np t Mi House made by one! President Wilse would be Televed oo
i wo them i. evel ' he anti-preparedness leaders the day the embarrassment of making at open
1oup ‘ are eu ‘ fur I'he tent took the Tum) ANNOUTCe Le of his eandidacs Aa
‘ 1 re a under the prese Sas pepe i reday With almost equal, Olio Democrats aoparentl ire ao unit tr
P o nee favor oof My Wilson for reelection his
a ‘ fairne ! y) Was expressed that even failure to file ar ceptance Would result
on fer Wage f the President should go into the S eltoer in an effort to provide “dummy’
nprel nent mu »areue his se, be will not su candidates for President or else the
ed the n anthracite ‘ ming the prejudice agains selection of national delegates at the
rt plu State eonverntior thus ghnoring the
‘ {primars
of ia miners’ anc Willing to Aid Militia, i
r tields are always =
es “ by representatives of Mhe anitiepre edness jeuders are HUBER’S CASINO BURNS.
» rutors re very Willing to Work out some compromise
m hese rences, es. With the Admit tion, however, based | :
r » if the i fuir to end in a “a plan for st the National Pastha &. €,. Also ed— ith
t disagreement Guard hey s ean be Trotting Horses Saved,
hey have every reason to be so fo tated wh y insure 5 so
ty j tate msumers of coal, the recruiting of the Nat Guard to Hube (Casino, at Jerome avenue and
of mills. factories, lighting and the strength of 500,000 men de manded | MeComb's Dam Park, The
rtation industrie must he as- the President for the country’s ae Broux, burned to the ground about
¢ sinte . upplies of fur line of defence, but the militia can he at eee a :
oa és gee inevitanl aa so trained and organized as to bring qe pocmn 6 my morn ne
alt While the miners and oper- Het only with the spirit) but the letter The clubhouse of the Pastime Athletic
the union districts are seem- Of the President's idea of a eitizenry Club, opposite the Pastime tra and
y wlesely divided on questions of | tt aimed in arms, he hh he peece 3 the Concourse Stables, aihirhs aap
’ ‘hinge conditions. 4¥ avary one. Gt vs important stum ‘ he By Wie, :
; ; ; | ie ae aoe wit, tee peeches There is no likelihood now of Nintiane thoroughbred tr PHOS
‘ heir tools at the expiration of the « iopromise by the President along!) were also burned The were
c riot pertod unless every detail of aj these lines jtaken out Police Sergeant Dender
fe eement haus been det nined TI Sug BP etion at possible COMPPOs | The total loss Was estimated at Stu d00
u ‘ neunion Operators are busily | mise on the Ae efence — ine | te
‘ ; thoxe who | are egard yy many as real evi-|
: 18. aueniy (ole ufo. Weahenine bs the anpos..| SCOTTI IN PNEUMONIA PERIL.
dustries active, and are iid one interpreted by the Admi
fitracts that naturally belong jon as the most encouraging signs of Metropolitan Harytone IM and Doc.
mines: also they have bu : : effect BF the Mi 8 ee : tor Fears Serious Compliicontions,
’ > } ' ¢ tepre i tive enslev of Miss r
: Bluse ane ahen said to-day ere had been no demand Antonio BeOtlh, the Metropolitan's
1e panic stricken con. | frein is constituents for adoption of) chief barytone, is threatened with pneu-
t the preparedness programme in response monila, He is conf wed to his apart
to th Irresident’s addresses He ad- ments at the Hotel Knickerbocker under
Morkets Often lyvaded, mitted that letters of that character the care of Dr. Holbrook Curtis. Jt was
would be likely to appear later ) sia d last night that Mr. Scott Was
‘ is we often find when It is still too early, Representatives! seriously il] and that every effort: was
each our agreements that « RAY to have com cations from the heing made to prevent complications
i ie been invaded and at least) riddle West and Northwest on the sub | Vor several weeks the singer has been
t for long periods fect. absent from operas in whieh the owas
foregoing we do net inean to) tepresentative Mann, twine leader, | wheduled to appear and his plice has
f Ubien toiners should forego one of the champions of the preparedness J been taken by Giuseppe De Luca His
just Jemands, hor do we cause, Hid pet eount much on the effect present illness follows an attack of the
r ' they should not stand ready of the President's speeches to turn the grip, whic he contracted while the
> re tort, aceerer to strike if tide of popular opinion in faver of it epidemic Was at its height not long ago
e enforcement of such It was evident, however, he added, that jy, ai) parts of the eity,
do mean to Pass BOW oe nublic was awakening to the neces-
ene tunge oF posal [2B ]F Nee adoption of defence mess! GEORGE M. REYNOLDS, DYING. |
b ure
; is OF Sd nore than we have} Representative Saunders of ean? hicago hantan Stricken With
‘ F lanother pacifist, held that the President
‘ ‘¢ ee staan thie operators had not stated in his speeches that any Grip in Low Angeles,
htedls. we belleve, « ri idee PrNermencies had arisen calling for the los ANGELES, Feb. 4.--George M
terest to delay settle- adoption of his preparednes _ policy. Reynolds, president of the Continental,
sonting: coal p an “so far as the President tatement | Commernial and National tank, Chi-
' f poxsible strike ne c it we should have the mreatest NaVY | eungo, is dying at} “partments in the
ne the ontract making: | the word is coneerned, said Mr! Hotel Alexandria, acer nding to an ane
‘ they fully inte ult. haunders, “it will result in the abandons | nouncement made to-night by the at-
‘ yriles to wh equital sot. | hent of the $1,000,000,000 defen pro- |} tending physician
Ma paliavae that it gramme and the substitution of a $2,000,- So serious is Mr. Reynolds's condition
4 nsion immediately upon (00.000) programme Heretofore ail the | that Mrs. Reynolds started from Chi
' f contracts, unless aig enper before our committee while men- | cago at 8 o'clock to-night on a special
i been reached In the din-| tivning England as a possible antagonist | train
thade more distant it would) Wve insisted there is na oes ugion to de-| Mr. Reynolds, who came to Los An-
ney to bring: earlier agree. | Yelop a navy comparable to that of the’ geles several days age for a prolonged
! United Kingdom | stay, Was stricken just night with grip
ot go behind facts and the “Why vehould our navy, therefore, be! This was followed by an attack of bron-
placed on a standing with that of Great! chitis, Later he suffered greatly with
after evel suspension because! Britain? The President's latest utter-) asthma and is not expected to survive
fF Uerences. the solution of whieh is. ances on this subject, in my judgment, | the night
bossible. we haVe found that some! represent a decided advance over any- ——- —
! business has gone to other fields, thing yet atternpted in reference to the | BRANDEIS CASE UP TO. DAY.
Wea 'O non-union thelds preparedness programme.” |
itis recognized as good policy!) A letter from Judson Harmon in sup. | Senate Paimistan ‘a ansidee Pub-
! of non-union operators to. port of preparedness we read in the] —
atte 'o delay agreements in the! House to-day by Representative Allen | He Heartuws,
' Uistriets of Ohio, to whom it was addressed, | WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.—The Senate
mit Santana wt OE hed coal , Ene SAME SSE: TA ae on: | sub-committee on judiciary wil meet to-
“y periodical “unnansione “ure too ne Ely thine of it the Ane (F eae morrow at 11 o'clouk to conalder the
ion hoth to the union miners and Pe that anybody with teatattnion , t | nomination of Louis D Brandeis for As-
the operators with whom they deal." i ee ae ein annie melas af socdate Justice of the Supreme Court of
Tonferences between the operators it cat AantiacnAl Gina in this res oe “e the United Bliatew One question to be
Sn representatives of the United Mine|. ay wen P decided is whether the hearings shall
Workers of Amertea will begin in’ this * } be open to the public, Many communt-
y ebruary 21 at the Hotel ae | SEE GAIN FOR WILSON. cations have come to the committee,
‘I present working agreen ant! | scarcely half of whieh have yet been
hetw ‘he miners and the operators St. Leuls weimskhnaba Praise Preai- ™ ad. aac causa shad iy '
on April 1, but the er i | as Dp day iat Revera
Agreed noe stile canine aca dent for Plain Talk, j lawyers in New York have evinced a
4 4 New agreement, Sr. Lovis, Feb, 4.—-The comment of) W!llingness to appear before the commit.
a the morning newspapers on President | tee and give evidence on the cane if sub-
to Augusta-—-Atiantte Coast | Wilson's speeches here yesterday fol-| poenaed, but they appear unwilling to
Lien Behe haa memeuih Randa | town volunteer testimony. | "The names were
’ nuk Sat Dining Car Service, 1198 B'way. Globe-Democrat; “We are glad ton| not given out. Senator Lodge received

that the President has taken this swing

the infgrmation.

1916.—cCopyright, 1916, by the Sun

'APPAM CAPTOR ONE WOODFIELD'S GUN

RAIDERS.

| OthersAo Try to Slip by Brit.
ish Fleet, Say Ger-
mans,

 

38000 “CAPTIVES

 

ling Story of Menace to .
English Ships.

 

and eighty former

 

  

 

    

   

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

ns ; |
Fuller Tells Start-)

 

HELD U BOAT OFF

Although

Hopelessly

Out-

ranged British Fought
for Three Hours,

WERE) CAPTAIN

Savs

Gibraltar,

TELLS

 

STORY

ys That He Hoped to Reach
but Had to

Abandon Ship.

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Three hundred special Cable Deaspates to Tis, Ses
prisoners on the captured British liner LeNbon, Mebo 4. Cut. Hughes of the
Appam arrived in’ New York from! British steamer Woodfield, whieh made
Norfolk last night on the Old Domine | # 84 me three hours fight against a Ger.

7 ‘ Mah submarine noth Mediterrane
jon steamship Jefferson,  lvartier on c '
t ' hud Sew wore 4 inal surrendered th

, s » Eng officials, including
the day the bnalish of : eight killed and fourteen wounded, was
Sir Mdward Merewether, eame in 'S een by the trespondent of Thik SUN
train Many will sail for England) ap oiymouth today and told the story
Monday on the Noordam of his fight

Two mysterious commerce raiders The ringgle Wa + hand to hand
one of whieh sank seven merehant- | ooe on the ae of the steamer, as tirst
men and captured the Appar, ran the ported 1 eof the irvivers of the

’ tru ng ’
British blockade and are now at large ¢ ba K fight which the
gle gu t Voodtiel 5
on the high seas, is the report) Mr \ 1 Wa
‘ iO ! outrangwed arried ool while
raneis ©. Fuller says Gernan sea.
' A \V altve wa ha x ie wruate at

. t » Amer-
men told her on the was to the i : car runey Mitvuttar
ican port. hve We Wow Voyaging from

Nine new raiders in oa have been Aventnout to the Levant uider sealed

4 order Shi irre uw Service
built and the others are awaiting sor i Har new cqiiit. a c(satet
chance to slip past the English fleet nee Wine teamer Was sunk
and start on on career of depredations | ¢,, Hiles east of Ciibraltar
on the Atlantic, she adds

Details of a plot te seize Lieut Berg Submarine Pinds Rane.
and recapture the \ppam was brought Nbouwt 7 the morning snid the
by a number of the freed voyagers-— aptain, who was nself wounded in
oniv the threat of the commander to the figl German submarine ap

, y oe : ” ‘ f he the ) why
sink the liner deterred them ' ed ‘ is armed at ; not om

‘ . oo) chaeiie ay «any nu e She opened tire er

Despite Great Brita Cemund FOF! firat shot fell sho Her second wernt
the relense of the liner e State Dee oar y The ca Pound the FAHe: A
partment is inclined to permit: Lieut lecession of shell ! 1 On
Berg to retain possession while the 2 wa reat 1, tut 1s entirely
ship is interned as & prize of Wat outrane and t i ekhep ear

At Newport News ft Gierman come. § Vert t ¢ neare We

. could } ‘ i he
mander and ferty-three tien pouleae Tie oeelhials ” Hea “Fok
on board and the Tie ena declares, aa cubs ml atiRaT ieee yeith
he will net give up the “fairly caps; epee woof range, while we tried
tured’ steamship t hake altar We found it ‘it
pros ‘ ' a
‘ er Arab firen
CAPTIVES SAW PONGA hed. tn the
detiocuttios
’ TI ,IeReor
ON PLATES OF VESSEL After 4
' ity ‘
Ua-Prisoners of |” '
Merrs Band of tt Sata h HAT?
War Eager to Sail. oldie Thin
feo tierman ecommerce raiders . | Britis en
It was e '
nuvsterious converted freighter whict Whe : Fai
sunk seven British merchantmen and ade ou ber of bad holes ¢
aptured the be lier \ppan ina hip and she was sinki: fast | derec
inother of stim ; ~—broke through the bouts to be lowered All the sau
the Ttritish Dlochsade ino the Nor seu y Swot AW fo boat with the
‘ wo @ ere i vs

do escaped » harry Br trade on yy, \ : =
t Atlant ra ! ae that et tw

T Mtutecue Nos ‘ rs i” it gu I “
Francia ©. Fuller, wife of the Com. | Moulded. | Jumped a

‘ fel s tow the
miiss er.Gieneral Net “ wit pane :
her husba Was Along Nth oper
sons released from the Apy arm at Ne Pirates Capture Survivors
folk and trou te thos city last ght ’ ce og Wy >
by the Old no steamship dete } “ Woodt ana
son Mrs hit t! stor from ' She wer ‘
(ier seamen Who Were tioembers of j 1 u ! twa
the prize crew under Lieut, Hans Berg, | bours later t (ite , es
who br ‘ mm to Norfolk ‘ reached  b% t ‘ .

"They Mrs. Bulle ' de la Gromerad v4 Moro r
“thar oo ! ere ive | Cuast Another bye reacied A ¢
been equ t German {mas ® other ¢ - neue
aval wuthoritie two of these | der esa Via tptured by
have pred ih Tres) Mo rate
and are now seare & tive eomship i > rs ‘t by a Fre fi
lanes for British prizes rrapted ole 1 reach Ory lhe sen
thai t ethers weuld so ble to t Ae irprised ent

Way to the At t vuse the the “ Varlez Ww un i

vs knew of tricks to fool the b 1 they ow The soldier
blockaders " al ned tl thousand a
its a Oot ier ' WoeWere 4

Lett Base on New Veaur's, rie Malag and « by tow

Mrs. Fuller said that several " KR eway the steamer BE i
seatnen oof the Appar prige crew gave by : :
tdentically the same information to Hug tf eee ‘ HHO miles
lish sailor with whom ev be ne Cust he ‘ . Alliuecema other
friend! adding thut raider which * P< ot re ul Oust hirt
Sis known, destroyed seven pe and ‘ uM ’ ® ind Ora

t ore is neit
eaptured one left her German base on ' a the p opal
New Year's Day seaport s 200 miles the

Several of the bingglishmern and Ding. [eas
Hlish women who arrived here last might
on the Jefferson told rather turtling * pp ” ’ wae
SRARIDH EOE AIG A Bim HAY weacnIT ROTC LR U BOAT HAD ? FLAGS,
the capture of the Appam on January
ar M. ¢. Watson, ont Wav fro) Wends te FIs Bither German or
Sierra Leone to London and who vol Austrinn Colors, British Say,
unteered to act third officer of the
Appamn because of a shortage of resular ants Ire { \ Britis
officers, declared that a plot tg recap. | Statement was issued te-day te cant
ture the ship actually was formed and the use of two Mags, the ie 1 and
that the detatls of the plan to overpower Austriat by a submarine w it
the German prize crew were well worked tached the British steamship Comme
out dore in the Mediterranear e

“We met secrets Inder the noses of draws the conelusten fram ¢ '
the German guards, and rigged up wy) that ' Dearne ml the twe
seheme to throttle the thirty-five German) reads te tly cither ording to the nit
guards” said Watsen, “but for a reason tandalit the ship attucked
which To oam not at liberty to give the | ‘ nent save
Plot couldnt be earried out rhe \ ne Rattan ney

“Do you mean that there was a leak tee } 1

7 . ad { stew Pp Conimodore wunk by ow
| De WAH asbec { PLeOTDS Dmarine tn the Mediter 1

“To must not say he replied “rmur py em : 4 | ay ranean

{oo perccerian boar tt owe ’ !
“mn preparing a report which 1 all ; ; x a \ ‘ Wa
‘ ite
hand te othe Brit) Consul-General BUENO 2
here! “The ship was fired on without any
elo Deer nay iow! bh the sub
Plot to Selec Captors, wari and af The snip Wis iba

Alfred Osborne of Plymouth, a Gio domed the submarine mehod the
Coast miner, who lad made a stake and with two flags ro loup at the
was on bis way to Moghind to enjoy ort flagstaff and nquired if the  sidp
corroborated Mr. Watson wit | tis Heing unswered 4 the

“We were all ready to jump the leas affirmative, they unrotled one of the
gars,” said Osborne, “and bt believe we flugs, whieh was the German ensig

could have succeeded th reconquering thy

 

  

 

 

     

ship, but the ehanee that the German

atid have time enough to touch off GEN. HAIG TO SEE KING ALBERT

the bombs with whieh they hid tained | -

the Appai w the hing that paralyzed te and Bart Carzon Sent ts Helt-

nae ty R BOOR ORE: ae pais fearing (ain on Mission to Belglan Raler,

otherwise that Berg would blow thy specral Cahle Despatch to Tin Sus

hip to pleces and kill the women aud Lonpos, Keb. 4.- The official press

children, with the rest of u That bureau annieuneed: teenigh. that iar

the faet of the business,’ Curzon amd Gen Sir Douglas Haig have
There was no doubt at all, cording ) deputed by the Government to pro-

to Mrs. Fuller and other women whe dona special mission to the King of

talked to Lieut. Berg, that he would the Belgiins

have blown up the Agpam if a mutiny Lord Cufrgon already has left Bland

too big for Dis small crew to handle had on the mission

developed or if a British cruiser had a

hove in sight . j It was reported a few dass age that
“He told me so thatly,” asserted Mrs.) Germany bad offered separate peace to

Fuller, “I said te dian one day, Partly belgium, with the restoration of that

in jest, ‘Captain, what would you do if) country’s fndependent sovereiguiyv, pre

one of is Majesty's cruisers sighted us” Viclod the Belgian Clovernment would
‘'Madain,’ he replied, ‘1 tell you! observe neutrality, thus ri ne Belgiuin

frankly that if one of your Warships) on the side of Germany should the Al

sights us To would first warn its come] ies seek to invade the latter through

mander that we have al dd h46 Bugs] Belgium

lishmen and Mnglishwomen and that we! The suggestion is made that the mis

desired to proceed without molestation sion of the lord Privy Seal and the

If tie qutid no heed and iisisted on sur British commander on the western front

render | would blow up the ship I shall may have to do with the presentation

never surrender this priae ito King Albert of the Pritish views on
“And | believe he imeant every word the reported proposal

of it,’ added Mrs, Fuller, "Many of us

had been literally praying for a glimpse

 

Continued on Third Page.

 

 

Bky"
York to
WAY.

\* Y. Office,

Asheville
Delightful clima,
4 Fifth .

He

 

 

| N
of a British warship, But after that we! Weetern North Carolina 1

he Land of the

Kteonehed in through sleeplog cars New
Via SOUTHERN RAIL.

Wiegant hoteles
Adi

 

Printing and Publishing Association,

THE WEATHER FORECAST.

weather

Zeppelin L-19 Missing,
German Admiralty Admits ‘AWORDSHORT
OF SURRENDER

 

PRICE TWO

Berlin Has No Word of Raider Reported Lost in the
North Sea—Captain of Ship That Sighted Aircraft
He Feared to Take Crew Aboard.

Says

 

MEN BEGGED FOR MERCY AS AIRSHIP SANK

 

 

 

 

 

” !

Special Cable Despatch to Tun SU% {wreck for a while The shipper asked

LONDON, Feb. 4.--An Amsterdam des.) Us What we thought best, We all said.

7 } ‘Let's t woe i
patch giving the text of an official state: | ‘I evs get away If thes come aboard
; ; “tt | thes‘) slausht us So we went, and
nent issued by the cernan Admiralty jthen a Wind got up

to-night to ‘ fle t that the Zeppelin ——-——

aise el failed to rete from a |
«1 tiled to return fre RAID DA MAGE HEAVY.
re oltre fight tends to confirm yes
tertday report that the Zeppels whieh | Germans sins Antl-Qlreraft Gunes
#& Rritish trawle wid seen in oa einkine ie English Onlookers,

madition in the Nerth ‘aon T diny Henin, Via London, heb. 4A semi-

Waa los ovetive Wilh its eeeupants. official statement issued by the Berlin
The Berlin ‘ nent was as follows ‘overrea News Ageney this afternoon
suave What purports to be a more or less

Mie Minister of Marine announces fetaited wecount of the dan age caused
that the airship L-i9 has not returned the Zeppelin squadron which last}

om a reconnottring flight Tnquir | day whit svelte six counties of! R I: AL

ive been made, t without resul } Weragglaniet it ‘ ted that important
miNtars damage wa cuused, reports

The 14-19 ie supposed to Ve e same concerning which, the agemcy adds, are
alrahip which sank the collier tf p{ crore vealed ot the British authorities

: The report is based upon information

k ‘ cid Was dat t the Duteh , s terlt

which reached Kerlin through Amster-

oust guard on the island of Ameland | dam, and ‘ays that the raid caused a

on Wednesda Despatches from lon-]| panic among the people of Manchester,
Nott ghar an Si ,

ai 7 lina ritieh waruvalt mate a Kham and “hh field, adding that

the population of these important tidus

horough sea 1 for the Zeppelin in the | tsjap centres had fgmnored the official

where Was seen la but could | warnis in the belief that the raiders

; beould ot penetrate that far

sr ; , ; ‘ The statement says, in part |

Nothing furth jas been learned about | 64 ineer ry bomb dropped into an|
tie 19, 7 it immed that the airship | ammunition factory in Nottingham ere. |
Wiest + ogale whieh raised «| ated 4 panic and caused the work to)

be stopped Two sheds used for mill-
© Sea VES day nd Which, it ts be "

‘x \ ‘ ‘ ind Hie : HUPPOses We burned down in
heved. vy iid ive id if Pmpossibere i
to tow the Zeppelin to harbor, even if diti-airorafs batteries on the

Guinn ed fount ¢ fused extens ve damage and
‘ ors were tnjuted, shells drop-
(apt, Martin's Story, : Ups of workingmen who were
; ! e | “a ne the Zeppelins
Martin of the traw wing | Che worst dainage was done on the

t o, according to his own report | Hun At all places where bornbs

esterday. refused to rescue tte 3 ‘ ped the public was not ad
P s ew for fear they would tater | 7 wid all reports regarding the

. done were forbidden « ula-
overpower | and his men, teid the fol tier
ow g story to-day
We deft Grimsby ¢ January of for | WAY "p * pope >
We | ; DENY GERMAN REPORT
iten days fishing cruise Thad on eel
ew oof nine me My tawler carried | British Say Air Ratders Did Little:
'
y guns or o weapons At dawn Damage to Munition Works,
1 nary 2 we had seventy or eg | Specmil Cable bespatch to Tre Sus
’ he ‘ tr Vv = «he .
Ne )and our tw 40" | Lonton, | 1 Th peply to the tier
Ii was 4 beautiful morning. We were) man Admiralty StuteMent that last
- at e rate of fifteen miles an | Monday's air raid caused damage among |
rhe was no witd and the sea the industrial and commercial establish-

i ment the War Office te-night issued
wae tat <tnoeoth Suddeniy we Saw jen, following statement
what looke lke a white cloud away Serious da Ke was done to three |
/ ‘We knew it could not be a cloud breweries, tifree prailw sheds, one en- |

sa weltiek | gine shed, one tube factory, one lamp

; ) faetory and one blacksmith shop, |
We hauled up our gear and put on Minor damage, such as shattering of |
‘ in Knee ‘ her the thing toon atid glass, occurred in wa muni-
wreckuge We towing into] tien factory ' on work at two
\ ee got nearer we saw it was | places, i t ine factor 4 larness
: uld no stuke he 1 factory, a ‘WAY, a grain shed, a
, ve Ze elins t ave iny | & stutions
: ty : it igo ft f the air unition fas
# s forey wa Owing, Posing abeut ‘blishments of
: Rai ROGtet wats in those mentioned
workingmer
; ‘ hed. a latize nan
. ywar for 2 F
Ofer Keward er of smu pe idwelling house
uA se ‘ it fteen eno were thjure mune seriously and man
7 : 7 : < Some of their hands lightly
i .
‘ knees were s e tbou \nye Mhe latest casua returns are

ow, there were hers € gz. wit Killed " 25 Women, 7 ehil-
+} hends 8 x wh the com §

: way and ns clinging to the side j {8 i women a ’
2 ‘ looke as if the had °
fr a * | wore att i t future to
hariacte

jucke ‘orm the

; ie

Atioks
ee !
; when
) i i sO fia
of the me
ntta

} ot

' ler to

bu . n that
‘ itair
spore
aN rst
: ait Spips |
in the |
‘
Giri t aka
Hat is Sever
i} : women
ema
: children wave be
iC is remembered th

ee ed id alone 1,198 persons

a by z ;
t u shout y altogether the Zepnelins as a
‘Wt nid then sald eans nu ocent civiltar
\\ ther Wasn't oseoomar of nu disappe ing
iw k doff, but there's too ous BOSeOn
ins! Lord Charl esford, former
Tarr ¢ the Addn alts as 0 ew
Germans Araue for Lives favor of three British r raids o
A j : fe ve German raid her
office raightened line and | ™# re ee
Uhre ‘ mg . an aed Vi mit Prwes Nn a Bpeech at
a r Saat cate ford toeday de . reprisal
Hat 1 fake you and you | Y es . to {1
sling ous + and navigate ib)? 1 Be ADS AnD
E : . osophs
trawl Mhat would be ; P :
erin eare ire you, but it won't! More ” nas iad
ae ' would t hin
' nuch for uy ‘ « o
Hhe paid | pledge you my word # sag ' ICED |
4 : ; ‘ $*AQ, ho it should er.

i we Ww not do anything of tha !

tai biome ' iuse nothing has won

a

} us rea ! il simpathy and all
P r dvi rath (ha would! : ‘ ;
ide tt YIN oa ould that is tre fron ity ations than
1 nter e with us and that Po eould :
. "i th fact that we Ampnoned the
} e plenty of money I wed then fj f humar add ‘
f. ise © is .
| took another thought, ‘They are
thirty,’ | said to myself, ‘and we are :
ine. they are armed and we are not Ther , PPeesy PET?
a . mt set a mit isa sl { ar TEL TON ! RESS JOY I L L.
Ve ive whe I ‘ 1 , "
ira |
I} would not take tie risk If there | Zeppelins Nalde Called Master. |
Had deen ateothe standing by f plece of German Gentua.
could have tak nee, but there special Cable Despatch to Taw Sa
Was nothing n sight Hlesides [ore ;
membered the ims have done Va ' Ju 4 --German newspaners
nnd “a ‘ might do again, 1 of Vebruary 2 wil h reached England
could see three iron crosses painted on) to-day aren Ked by triumphant head-
the Zoppelin, two oon one side and one Plies and ores commenting on the re
' ‘he , ( Tl . } .
uiderneath ifs wooden nose, which was. as in rald The Koelnische
Zeitung ive |
tilted ye '
“German airships flew over Daris, !
Wouldn't Trost Ger ne, Manehester, Liverpool and Satoniea, all
within seventy-two hours What else}

“T supposed that these crosses were could soa graphically illustrate the colos |
give them for seme daring deeds and] ga) ramifications of the wild wa or more
Idid not wantime and my erew to bel triumphantly illuminate the enormous
part of the fourtl P . : military strength revealed by Germany

So L steamed wwii rem the Zep. “ifthe Freneh, who are not altogether
pelin about #2200 a'eloek The captain! without reason, and who Nave always
said Wei are sinking now Look | heen so proud of their flying achieve. |
here y _jinents, could do nothing against the air-

“ft osald as ie | word, ‘You wall ips, the Kneglish were almost entirely |
come here and take arge of me powerless against this masterpiece of}

‘No, he said, and pledged his word German inventive genius and. te hnique !
naeain We drew away Some oof the ere is no real protection against at
German crew at first shouted 'Merey | taoks by airships.”

Merey ! Save us! And then they shook |
their fists at us ' ' ;

“) saw there was no use 1 would Vo Reward Zeppelin Destroyers,
have done it exeept for the reason I Pants, Mebo 4. The Fren newspna. |
hive told you Towent aay to find a) pers have announced an offer of 2n.000
gunboat or a patrol vessel that was bet I franes ¢$5,000) to any aviator who
ter provided than we were for looking | brings down a Zeppelin within the
waiter “th enemy crew Preneh lines An offer of 10,000 frances

‘In peace time, of course, 1 would ($2,000) has heen made for any punner
have had all the Germans aboard in two in an anticaireraft battery) who veeom
tieks.” plishes the same result with shells

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

A member of the King Stephen's crew,
Martin's story, added

confirmit
the
“We

ig Capt,
following!

erulsed

round

and

round

the

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
 
 

 

  
 
     
 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 
   
 

 

    
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

  

  

 

 

 

 

  

 
 

 

 

 

      

  

 

 

 
 

Mardi Gras—New Orleans, March 2 to 7th
SOUTHERN RAILWAY office, 264 Fifth
Ave, will furnish information about sched.
ules. fares, etc.—Adr,

‘

 

 

_ Cloudy, probably snow to-day; fair to-
morrow.

mperature yesterda
mailand marine

16.

ts on page bo

26; lowest,

epee

 

CENT

Ss.

GERMAN REPLY

It Does Not Quite Meet the

American Demands,

Tut

Makes Concessions.

SITANTA
STILL

No German Synonym
“Disavowal’

the Sittution,

DANGER LIES

IN THE

SINKING
HELD LEGAL

for

Complieates

VIEWPOINTS

Berlin Insists Language to

Be Used Must:Not B

. a
Humiliating.

WoaASsHine ‘
answer to tie
States for a settlers of the |
eontrover® Wal pire ‘
noon to Becre haat k
Bernstorff, the tis '
The reply fa !
It does 0 neat
disavewal tlied
States Ita
edge that t ta ’ e bot
wa legal ‘
Bu the oy
ta MoOBS ONS '
Meeting e ¢ ‘ ' ‘
ment than ‘ or
from Germa
Whether there ‘
sufllcientto @ring about 4
tlement why
Will feel olligged te
mand with a dire .
diplomatic relat
elded by the tt
State Departine
tO a@seutne resput
an opinion bese
to-day'’s confers
Lansing a
had not made
thar t '

Germann ( Onthdenes

 

d, oontide
thiat the Lausiti
w ou
The
Wa x
; }
Where tlie \ «i
if ‘ “ i A
‘ o are ‘
e ‘ “ ‘
a
' ‘ '
t ou
se ‘
' tae ‘
arr
that in ‘ <
trey ‘
tie
Unite ‘
ised toa :
Sitiarnla ise
it ath 0
The decis
regard '
} ‘
! Cab ‘
ma heir
i “ ‘
ther
Mi ‘
‘
‘
1 ju t '
1 \r
|
\
four anid fer
ts conte ariel tha
he would hase
ident
A Siknitlegane beamteuns
1 opal 1 t
quarters: tha hie
have rot be ter ‘
Einba ha {t wy

 

 

 

04
oR ' {
he t
Wat
‘ol
‘ Me '
‘
d
the attar on tht
Nor does the w
In the German bar ‘
sador has explained
there he word W
meaning W 1 Wow
werd “desiavou “
adopted by the ir !
heare fo t bing ‘
exactly correspond hie
) The use of the Wr t '
bassador bias expla a
tury, weld phy at? 38
commander aeted ‘
det whi he did i \
the United States w ‘
is to disavow the act oa wt
Nor, (hernias a
adinit that the atte i f
reprisal against Cireat WB
for the reason > '
wtional law reeopney
legal, Mr. Laansings, howe ve
the stand that international Ve
reprisals to be illegal but lit!
fleation,
The memorandum reveived ad

1 ad
r
von
'
i °
tion
ar
le se
ft
eal
'
ua
ir

Stronger,

iy

 

oe

ee en ere

ae

gt ogee RE

ae