»
,
|

d

\
! a

 

|
|
|

VOL. LXVIL—NO, 306

PERIL OF THE ENVOYS.

A Call From Pekin to Hasten Re-
lief to the Besieged.

GERMANS WANT VENGEANCE..

Var Not Declared Yet, bat Kaiser Or-
ders Six More Skips to China

OUR POLICY AGAINST WAR..

May Try to Obtain International Agree-.

ment {0 Keep China Tutaet,

 

Giteation Looked Upon asa Revolt of Prtace
Tean Agsinst the Betablished Goverament—
German Admirals Repert Thatthe Emprese
Has Fied Confirms ‘‘The Sun’s’’ Report
of the Killing of the German Minister on
Jane 16—Report That Chinese Treepes Are
Marching on Tien-Tein--Admtral Kempt
Sends Additional Amertean Casualties—No
More Troops Will Be Sent Frem Philip-
pines Uniess Situation Becomes Werse
~Dewey May Take Command of Our

Squatron if a General War Follows.

Special Cadie Despaich to THE.SUN

Lonpos, July 2,— Dr. De Rergen’s eloquent
“Hasten’’ in his letter to Col. Zimmerman at
Tien-Tsin has intensined the anxiety concern-
ing the foreigners in Pekin throughout
Europe, and whatever hope had been based on
the reports that the Russian or combined
relief force was approaching or had arrived
at the Chinese capttal seems to be crushed by
Mr. Brodrick’s announcement in_ the
House of Commons that Admiral Bruee
thought it was not yet possible for the allted
force to attempt a further advance. It is re-
marked here that even if the foreign force of
13,500 men who have now been landed at Taku
were homogeneous it would be practically
powerless to act, while ita composite character
and the failure to choose a leader greatly tm-
pair its efficiency.

It is accordingly recognized that the mem-
bers of the legations, if they still survive, must,
for the present, trust to their own resources.
It is recalled that during the Chinese-Japanese
waraplan of defence against possible attack
was concerted by the foreign represent-
atives in Pekin, and it ts suggested
that this plan, with the British legation
as the rallying point, is now being fol-
lowed. The hope that {t may succeed, how-
ever, is qualified by the gravest fears.

Germany's action is watched here with the
keenest interest. The English correspondents
concur in declaring that her policy at present
is based on loyalty to the concert of the Powers,
and that she is refraining from a separate deo
laration of war notwithstanding such a serious
outrage as the murder of her Minister. The
Emperor's decision immediately to mobilize
and despatch to China the First naval division
is, nevertheless, taken to indicate that Ger-
many is prepared to assume the heaviest
responsibilities,

It is noteworthy that notwithstanding the ap-
parent proof of the assassination of Baron von
Ketteler and the wounding of Dr. Cordes, the
interpreter of the German legation, there are
many Germans who atill doubt the truth of the
statement. They contend that all the reports
are inspired from the same source and
especially remark upon the absence of any ref-
erence to the murder in Dr. de Bergen's mes-
sage,

‘The situation at Tien-Tsin {s not olear. Ad-
miral Bendemann’s statement that it is most
serious andAdmira] Kempff's despatch reporting
that fighting is proceeding has reawakened anx-
fety. There ts an unconfirmed Shanghai report
to the effect that all the provinces south
of the Hoang-Ho, whose Governors and
Viceroys maintain friendiy relations with
the consuls, have been informally
constituted into a confederacy, with
Nankin as the capital. The confederacy re-
pudiates the authoritv of Pekin and agrees to
oppose Prince ‘Tuan, w hose reported usurpation

6} imperial authority gains credence.

A despatch to the Central News from Shang
hai of to-day’s date says an official Chinese des-
batch has been received from Gen. Yung Lu,
the commander at Pekin, to Taotal Sheng
which was brought by a courier, who left Pekin
on June 26, and was wired from Pao-ting-fu
Gen. Yung Lu wrot? that he and the Empresas
Dowager had been trying to protect the Minis-
ters and the foreign legations, but Prince Tuan,
the head of the Tsung-li-Yamen and father of the
helr apparent, had usurped the imperial power
onJune 20. Since then, Gen. Yung-Lu contin-
ues, he has been powerless, as his soldiers refuse
toobey him. Prince Tuan himself ordered an
Attack on the foreigners.

 

WAR THE ONLY COURSE.

—_——-

That Is the Opinion in French Dtplomatic Ctr-
clee—Threat to the Emprens.
Special Cable Despatch tv TAR SU
Panis, July 2.—The confirmation of the
Tepért of the murder of Baron von Ket-
teler by the Chinese in Pekin has aroused
the deepest emotion here, Count Goluchowski,
Austrian Minister of Foreign Affairs,
*hois now in Paris, will prolong his visit
In order to consult with M. Delcassé, the French
Foreign Min ater, Prince von Minster, the Ger-

Man Ap.bassador, and Count Tornielli, the

Tt. .an Ambass dor,

It is considered in diplomatic circles that the

(essination of the German Minister

   
 
   
  

| firmation of the murder of Baron Von Ketteler
‘ and the burning of lezations at Pekin was

 

the destruction of the legations in Pekin leave
no alternative but a declaration of war. It ts
expeoted that Germany will take the initiative
in euch a declaration and that the other Powers
will follow her.

It is stated here that Count von Bilow, the

Wiltam on his trip to the north, and will return
to Berlin to consult with the Ambassadors as to

received ¢ telegram from the Emprese's nephew
confirming the report that Baron von Ketteler
was murdered.

A Gespatoh from Chefoo says that the com-

dynasty if any of the Ministers are hurt.

 

WILL GERMANY DECLARE WAR? ™

Press Clamors for Vongeance-Emperor Now
Ceaferring With Fereign Seoretary.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Buaurn, July 2.—The entire press of Germany
is dlecussing the action that the Government
will take to punish China for the assassination of
Baron von Ketteler. A majority of the news-
papers declare that the responsibility of the
Chinese Government is evident and they clamor
for vengeance. They declare that Germany
must abandon her rank among the Powers un-
less she exacts satiafaction. The Tagebiost
raises the question of detaining the Chinese
Minister here as a hostage.

The military party is urging the immediate
despatch of 10,000 troops to China, If Emperor
William decides to declare that aetate of war
exists, which he can do according to bis consti-
tutional right, the Reichstag must be conyoked
to vote the necessary credits.

The officials of the Foreign Office are unable
to state what policy will prevail until Foreign
Minister von Bilow returns from Wilhems
haven, where he is conferring with the Em-
peror.

At a@ conference of the Ambassadors with
Count von Bilow on Saturday perfect agree-
ment was evinced that it was best to continue
to regard the concerted action of the Powers as
fog the repression of insurgents and not as war
against the Chinese Government. The Emperor
will alone decide whether this attitude will be
maintained so far as Germany is concerned.

An offici:! telegram has been received from
Col. Zimmerman at Tien-Tsin confirming the
reports of the murder of Baron von Ketteler.
Col. Zimmerman received the news from Dr. de
Bergen, the Secretary of the German Legation
at Pekin, through a special courier sent by Sir
Robert Hart, the Inspector-General of Customa,
and Dr. de Bergen.

Col. Zimmerman's message concludes: “For-
eign colony besieged in legations; situation dee-
perate; hasten; Sunday afternoon, 4 o'clock.”

The Cologne Gavette says: “It has now become
for the Powers a duty of self-preservation to
take euch steps that not only the life and prop-
erty of foreign subjects shali be safe from dis-
turbances in the internal political life of the
country, but also that the Government and
people of China shall furnish adequate guar
antees that such scandalous violations of the
rights of nations will not be repeated. The
German Government will not shirk the respon-
sibilities imposed by common interest. There
is no doubt that all the other Powers will
share this duty and that the common line of
action hitherto followed by the ctvilized Powers
will become even more solid than it has been.”

Emperor William, fn an address at Wilhelms-
haven to the naval battalions that are about to
depart for China, said: “The foe whom you will
have to face is not inferior in bravery or less
fearless of death than you yourselves.”

His Majesty added that events were develop-
{ng more rapidly than was expented. He had
received a despatch from Admiral Bendermann
asking for reénforcements; and he had aocord-
tngly ordered the mobilization of the First Dr
vision of the First Squadron.

It is believed that the Emperor will postpone
his Norwegian trip. The division referred to in
his speech consists of the Kurfuerst, Friedrich
Wilhelm, Woerth, Brandenburg, Weissenburg
and Hela, all commanded by Vice- Admiral Hoff-

nan,
ENVOY WAS MURDERED ON JUNE 16,

 

 

 

Full Confirmation of ‘The Sun's” Exclusive
Despatch Sent by the German Admiral.

Srectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

BERLIN, July 2.--In a despatch dated Taku,
June 30, Admiral Bendemann, commanding the
German equadron in Chinese waters, says:

“I have received a letter from the German
legation in Pekin stating that the legation ts
besieged. Supplies are running short and the
position of affairs is desperate.

“T learn from the bearer of the letter that on
June 16the German Minister, while proceeding
from the legation to the Chinese Government
buildings without a military escort, was at-
tacked by Chinese troops and wounded in ‘four
places. Hedied in the Government building.
His interpreter was also wounded, but escaped
to the legation.

“On June 25 the German, French and British
legations were alone undestroyed. They were
at that time occupied by troops, the commander
of the foreign guards and the foreigners being
{n the British legation.

“about 30,000 Chinese troops are outside the
city. The Empress Dowager has fled from the
capital.

“The situation here {s most serious as large
bodies of Chinese troops are reported to be
marching on Tien-Tsio,""_

The above despatch from the German Ad-
confirms the telegram sent by a

| pondent of THE SUN from Hong
Kong on June 16, which stated that Baron
von Ketteler, the German Minister, had
bee kuied in Pekin. Attempts were
made in certain quarters to discredit THE Svn's
aeapatch because it was not confirmed imme-
diately by the news agencies and other special
correspondents, but the news now received
by messengers from Pekin shows that Tur
Sun's information was correct, not only as to
the fact, butasto the date of the murder as
well.

DESIEGED IN PEKIN.

Kompff Says Foreigners’ Food Sapply Is Nearly
Exhausted and Situation Is Desperate.

WasHinoTon, July 2.—-Additional official con-

 

received at the Navy Department thie morning
in the following message from Rear Admiral
emp:
er “CHEFOO, July 2,
“Secretary Nucy, Washington =
“Runner from Pekin reports legations are be-
sieged: provisions nearly exhausted; situation
desperate. German Minister going to Tsung-li-
Yamen murdered by Chinese soldiers, Ameri-
can, Italian, Dutch legations burned. Twenty
thousand Chinese soldiers inside, 30,000 outside
Pekin, 3,000 reported bound Tien-Tsin: still

 

Niagara Falls and Retarn—88.
Ticketa good July 3, returning July 5. On
eale ‘at Tadewesne Ralirced ticket omeea—Ade

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
  
   
   

i

FCARVER

 

fighting at Tien-Tsin. Communications Tien | WE WANT TO KEEP CHINA INTACT.

Tein by rail and river insecure. Kemprr.”

 

ITALY'S PLEDGE.

Foreign Minister Says She Has No Selfish Aim,
but Will Do Her Part to Restore Order.
Spectai Cabtle Despateh to THB SUN.

Roma, July 3.~In the Chamber of Deputies
to-day the Marquis Viscontd Venosta, Minister
of Foreign Affairs, announced that Italy had
participated with the other Powers from the
beginning of the crisis in China, in the negotia-
tions and subsequent operations. He said that
accord among the Powers had existed throuch-
out. If the nearest Powers acted first they did
80 in the common interest.

Italy would soon have six or seven warships
in Chinese waters and other measures would
be taken to meet any emergency, but she had
no selfish alms and sought no pretext for a pol-
ley of occupation of Chinese territory.

 

 

NO MORE TROOPS FOR CHINA NOW.

Bet the Government Mas Plans Ready For
Sending Re-cnforeements if They Are Needed.

Washinoton, D. C., July 3.—The positive
declaration was made this afternoon by the
Seoretary of War that no orders have been
issued by the officials of the War Department
for any other regiments than the Ninth Infan-
try and the Sixth Cavalry to go to China.
Under the present circumstances this expe-
dition, together with the marines already
landed itn China, will be sufficient to protect
American interests there. Secretary Root ex-
plained that the members of the Cabinet had
fully considered the situation in China and were
ogreed that it did not call for a larger military
force from the United States.

1t is admitted, however, that plans for get-
ting other troops to China should it be neces-
sary have been discussed. In an emergency
additional troops will be sent from the Philip-
pines, but should it appear that the struggle
there will be prolouged and that more troops
wil be necessary to protect American life and
property the additional troops will probably
come from the United States.

In the event that troops are sent from this
country to China the Fifteenth Infantry will
almost certainly be the first additional regiment
to go. As yet the Department has made no se-
lection of regiments for Chinese service beyond
the Ninth Infantry and the Sixth Cavalry.
There are various reasons why this cannot be
done at this time. The selection of these regi-
ments will depend largely upon the regiments
to be chosen for service in the Philippines to
replace the volunteer regiments to be ordered
back to the United States for muster out on
July 1, 1001.

Some time ago it was decided that {t would
be necessary to send regular regiments from
the United States to the Philippines to replace
these volunteers. It was decided to begin the
movement of the regulars from this country
some time this summer, and gradually to with-
draw the volunteers. Itis hoped that the con-
ditions in the Philippines will so far improve
between now and the fall that the aggregate
Philippine force can be reduced. How much of
areduction can be made depends upon the
condition of the islands, and on this condition
depends the number of regular regiments to be
sent from the United States.

Gen. Miles was asked to submit his recom-
mendation for’ troops to be transferred to the
Philippines, and in compliance with the requests
from Gen, MacArthur for cavalry regiments
Gen, Miles’s recommendation included several
regiments of cavalry. To carry out these plans
it will be necessary to withdraw some of the
cavalry force in Cuba, and the entire move-
ment depends upon what reduction can be
made in Cuba, as the garrisons in this country
will have to be supplied with troops
from that island. The Cuban elections
having passed off quietly the Secretary of
War determined to make a reduction in the
Cuban force and Gen. Miles recommended that
a part of the cavalry be withdrawn, (en.
Wood protested that he needed the cavalry
very much in policing the island and late this
afternoon no decision nad been reached as to

what troops will be withdrawn from Cuba.
As soon as this is determined the War Depart-
ment will then plan for sending the regulars to
the Fralipptnes. It isthought likely that this
movement will begin within three weeks and
continue rapidly during the remainder of the
summer months,

The effect of this onthe Chinese situation is
that, should the conditions in China necessitate,
any one of the regiments going from San Fran-
cisco to Manila can be diverted at Nagasaki
and sent on to China for service there. ‘This

Jan was outiined to Secretary Hay at the con-
erence to-day, but is said to depend entirely
uron conditions in China, War Department
officials insist that at the present time there is
no need to send a larger force than already
ordered, The Department is ready, however,
to enlarge thisforce ctany time it appears
necessary, but is opposed to sending troops
from the Philippines when the same result can
be accomplished by diverting troops en route
from the United States to Manila,

The Fifteenth Infantry, which is the first
regiment to leave for Manila, will be assembled
goon at San Francisco and will probebsy be
ready to depart for Manila within about three
weeks,
and D, under Col. Edmund Moale, are now
stationed at Plattsburg Barracks, New
York; Company B is stationed at ‘ort
Ethan Allen, Vermont; Companies E and F
at Madison Barracks, New York; Company
at Fort Ontario, New York: Comrany H at
Fort Porter, New York; 1, Kand Lare at Fort
Columbus, New York; and Company I is at
Fort McPherson, Georgia. It will be necessary
to transfer troops from other garrisons to the
poste now occupied by the regiment, and it is
calculated at the War Department that it can-
not be gotten ready for transportation from
San Francisco earlier than three weeks and
probably not for a month.

 

 

DEWEY WILL GO IF THERE 18 WAR.

Will Take Command of Our Asiatic Squadron
—Pian of Campaign Mapped Oat.

WASHINGTON, July 2.—Keenly alive to the
possibility of a general war growing out of the
Chinese eituation, the Navy Department,
through ita Strategic Board, which met in New-
port last week, has prepared a comprehensive
plan of campaign. The board has concluded
its labors and the members are now en route
to their homes. The plan of campaign. which
was prepared in connection with a number of
other war projects considered by the board,
will be forwarded to the Navy Department and
placed on file in the Bureau of Navigation to
await further developments in China, Its de-
tails will, of course, be kept secret.

It fe quite probable that in the event of a gen-
eral war in China Admiral Dewey will be as-
signed to the command of the American Asiatic
fleet; in fact he has declared that he would
volunteer his services for this command. When
last spoken to on this subject he seemed to
have fear of international complications grow-
ing out of the desire of the European Powers to
partition China, and, bearing in mind the suo-
cess he had in keeping the hands of other Pow-
ers off of the Philippines during the Spanish
war, the Admiral, as well as the officials of the
Administration, believe that the moral effect of
his presence in command of the American
forces would be asufficient guarantee that the
United States would not suffer when the time
arrives for formulating a policy in regard to
the separation or future government of China.

As President of the Campaign Board Admiral
Dewey Was able to advance many valuable
suggestions in the preparation of the plan of
campaign for the East, and if the time comes
for carrying it out it will be known as the
Dewey project. In brief, the project contem-

tes a squadron of more than double the
e of the present Asiatic and Pacific fleets
and outlines plans for gues reénforcements
from thisside, Charts of the entire coast of
China were caretaly fone over by the board
and points designated for the location of gbipe
e

for

ae foal

 

  
 
 

Se i le eee: tle oes

fir aac.

NEW YORK, TUESDAY, JULY 3, 1900.—COPYRIGHT. 1

The headquarters and Companies A, C |

 

May Try to Secure an International Agree-
ment—Consider It Revolt, Not War Now.

WasHNoTon, July 2.—Secretaries Hay, Root
and Long had conferences during the day
about the Chinese situation, and Secretary
Hitchoock was with Mr. Hay and Mr, Root late
inthe afternoon. It was explained that Mr.
Hitchcock's presence was accidenta!; and that
he had not been oa'led into consultation on
account of his knowledge of Chinese matters.
He spent twelve years in China.

While the assertion cannot be made em-
phatically, there is reason to believe,
from what was learned this evening,
that the Government will enter into cor-
respondence with the European Powers
and Japan with a view to securing an
international agreement to prevent the dis-
memberment of China to restore order and to
reéstablish the recognized Government of the
Empire.

Tus SuN reporter was told at the State
Department that each of the Powers had,
on its own initiative, expressed the
intention of tsing its military and naval
forces solely to protect foreign interests
and restore order. The United States
sought to secure such assurances from the
other Powers, but {ts invitation was not neces-
sary, THE Sun reporter was told, as the foreign
nations did not wait to be asked, but volun-
tarily gave notice of the intention mentioned.

While circumstances may occur to cause &
break in this understanding the United States
Government is gratified over the desire for har-
monious action displayed. Coming unsolicited
the assurances are considered to have @ more
important bearing on the Chinese situation
than had they been secured in another way.

An explanation of the attitude which: this
Government has assumed with particular ref-
erence to the political aspects of the Chinese
situation was obtained this evening from a Cab-
inet oficer, This is his statement:

“We are opposed to the dismemberment of
China. We want to keep the Empire intact,
preserving its integrity. Dismemberment will
mean the end of the ‘open door.’ We are in
communication with the most important of the
Chinese Viceroys who govern the greater part
of the Emptre. The conclusion has been
reached from the information now at hand
that the central Government of China ts
divided into two parties. Prince Tuan'’s party
ix evidently on top. Better results will be at-
tained in the end by co-operation among the
Powers for the support and protection of the
de jure Goyernment represented by the
Empress Dowager and the Emperor, and
the dethronement of Tuan, Support by the
United States and the other Powers of the reo-
ognized Government of China to the extemt of

opposing Tuan by foroe of arms. with the ob-
ject of protecting the Empresas Dowager, would
enable her to make open declaration against
Tuan and those engaged inte revolt, She bas
not sufficient support to enable her to make
that declaration now.”

Another Cabinet officer said, in further ogni
nation o! the reasons which have induced the
Government to velieve that Tuan is in re-

volt and that the outrages against for-
eigners are the work of his jellows and
not of the recognized Chinese authorities;

that every newspaper despatch about the
situation in Pekin which the officials here have
read, pointed to the existence of a revolt and
that the Chinese Government was willing, but
powerless to give protegtion to the members of
the diy lomatic corps and other foreigners

The Government's position ts that if Tuan
has revolted and {sa cuntroiling the situation in
Pekin there is no ground for declaration of
war by the Janes Se) orany other foreign
nation against C erinany, with her Min-
ister murd not being excepted. Tuy SUN
revorter is not permitted to give the names of
officers from whom these views were obtal
but the standiag of these officers is such that
the definition given of the Gc vernment’s posi-
tlon may be accepted as authoritative.

In further explanation of the American
policy, an illustration was given with reference
to the condition which would be brought apout
in the relations between the United States and
China if Minister Conger had been killed. Sup-
pose, it was said. thata party of Boer sympa-
thizers, inflamed by a epeech at a pro-Boer
meeting in Washington, had gone to the British
embassy and killed Lord Pauncefote. If every
reparation were made for this outrage, the
Britith Government would have no cause for
war, as the act would have been committed
without the knowledge and against the desire
of the Government.

Leading up with this illustration to the posi-
tion in which the United States would be placed
if Mr, Conger were killed in Pekin, it was ex-
plained thatif his death were due to violence
at the hands of the insurrectionista whose
strength was such as to render the Chinese Gov-
ernment powerless to control the situation and
protect the foreign Ministers, war would prob-
obiz be averted. This explanation applies also
to the indignity suffered by the Government of
the United States through the burning of its
legation in Pekin.

In response to the importunities of Li Hung
Chang and the Viceroys of the Yang-tse prov-
inces, the Secretary of State has informed these
Chinese officers by telegraph that the United
States will commit no hostile act in the prov-
inces controlled by the Viceroys, so long as the
latter are able to maintain peace and protect
foreigners.

The treaty signed by the Viceroys and the
foreign Consu!s in their provinces, including the
Consuls of the United States, providing for the
safeguarding of Chinese and foreign interests in
the absence of communication with the central
Government in Pekin, has not been rutified by
this Government, but the general proposition
contained in it, that foreign Governments will
seyd no troops to provinces of the Viceroys
signing the proposed treaty so long as they are
able to maintain order and protect foreigners,
has been accepted,

In respons® to an inquiry from Japan ad
dressed to the Powers as to whether they would
object to the despatch of a large force of
Japanese troops to China, the United States,
Russia, France and Great Britain have
expressed themselves as agreeable to Japan's
desire, Germany's failure to reapond may or
may pot be signi tin view of the murder of
her Minister at Pekin, but how any desire she
may have togo to war with China has
a Japan's intention the of-
ficiais here do not The action of
Japan in firet inquiring of the Powers concern-
ing the sending of large reinforcements to

China, causes much gratification in official

ciroles as it indicates the best of under-
standing among the nations wencerned
and establishes a precedent which will

lead other Governments to make similar in-
quiries if they contemplate augmenting their
forcesin China. Russia's prompt response to
Japan's query also causes gratification here.

he reports from ‘Tokio that the Japanese
Government is sounding the Powers with a
view to securing a general understanding look-
ing to the disposition of the Chinese question
are believed here to be erroneously base
on the inquiries about landing more troops.
This Government has not been asked by Japan
to join in any understanding. In maki the
inquiries, Japan explained that she hada large
oree ready, much greater than was required to
do her proportionate share of the military work
in China, and that owing to her geographical
advantage it would be placed on chinese soil

very quickly,

OUR CASUALTIBS IN CHINA,

 

Four Men Who Had Been Reported Killed
Are Alive, but Seriously Wounded,

WasHINOTON, July 2.—A list of additional
casualties was received from Admiral Kempff
to-night. He,said in his despatch that the
ships’ crews of all the nationalities represented
were reémbarking, but that the soldiers and
marines remained ashore? Capt. McCalla who
was wounded has returned to duty, The casu-
alty list follows:

“Casualties to date: Corporal James F
Lannigan, Privates J. K. Miller, W. H. Morris,
E. Provensal, James Hunder and W. H. Nichols;
Boatswain's Mate E. Thomas, Gunner's Mate D.
Benson, Apprentice H. A. Broman and Lands-
man H. Severson, seriously wounded. Cadet
Taussig, Boatawain’s mate Holyoke, Coxswain
Thomas and , thirty-fourothers — slightly
wounded.”

he names of Capt. McCalla, Cadet Taussig
and Boatswain's Mate Thomas, Gunner's Mate
Benson, Apprentice Broman, Sever-
son, Boatswain’s Mate Holyoke id Cox-
swain Thomas wi contained in the list o
casualities receiv: m Admiral Kem
yesterday. The first list, however, did not
contain the full names or the condition of the
en wounded, Bumber of casualities

the American forces wag 48
esterday’s deere teh toms. Kempft
dieser Bat Soret E ‘a

rman and Landsman had beer’

      

SSS
_—_———

 

900. BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

filled. The despatch received to-night, evi-
giles based on correcked information, saya
they are seriously wo \

 

PERIL OF MISSIONARIES.

Four Women in the Party That Fled From
Wei-Hien.

The International Committee of the Y. M. C.
A. received yesterday the following despatch
from D. William Lyon, who was the Y. M. C, A.
secretary at Pekin before the present troubles
arose:

“SROUL, Corea, July 1, 1900.-~Arrived to-day,
All are well. Have no news of Gailey."

The Gailey referred to is Robert R. Gailey,
who when last heard of was stationed at Tien-
Tain.

The Presbyterian Board of Foreign Missions
received this despatch:

“SHANGHAI (no date).—Kuling, Centra) China,
uiet. Steamer sent for preys. Hamiltons,
wis. ganoye party for fants, Crossette,

Hawes, Boughton—rest safe."

The Rev. F. H. Chaifant and Mrs. Chalfant

ra. M. Crossette, Mies Charlotte E. Hawes and

iss pune T. Boughton are among the Pres-

ter missionaries who were stationed at

ew 160 miles west of Tung-Chow. A de-
spa' from London, pee in THE SUN
yesterday morning, said that the Chalfants had
(eee eet of che hanehal despatch fo taken to
as to ang! es a aken to
indicate that the Rev. R MM teer oa Mrs.
Mateer, the Rey. J. A. Fitch and Mrs. Fitch, W.
R. Fariex, M. D., and his wife, and Miss Mary
Brown, who were alxo stafioned at Wei-Hien,
have all made good their escape.

The following was received at the head-
gears of the American Presbyterian Mission

ciety:

“SHANGHAI (no date).—Lobensteins, Coch-
rane, Boyds—-Japan.”

The despatch means that those missionaries
have fled tu Japan for safety.

 

|

ANXIETY FOR CAPT. MALLORY.
American Officer Not Heard From Since He
Left the Philippines for China,

WASHINOTON, July 2.—There is considerable
anxiety in Army circles as to the safety of
Capt. John 8. Mallory of the Second Infantry,
who was recently detailed to duty in China as
military attaché to the American Legation at
Pekin. Nothing has beenheard from this offi-
cer since bis departure from the Phillippines
nearly a month ago. He was assigned to duty
in China especially for the purpose of looking
after filibustering expeditions fitung out at
Hong Kong and other points with arms and
ammunition procured from German merchants
for the Filipinos. Gen. MacArthur bad authority
to assign other officers to similar duty, but it is
not known at the War Department whether any
others have been so assigned.

Permission waa obtained from the Chinese
Government to have these officers detailed as
attachés to the American Legation at Pekin
and Capt. Maidlory was directed to report to
Minister Conger for duty. Whether he re-
ported by letter from Hong Kong to Minister
Conger or proceeded in person to Pekin upon
arrival at Hong Kong is not known at the War
Department. It is feared that he may have
proceeded to Pekin and that he is in the be-
sieged city with the other foreigners, who are
in such dire distress.

CAPT, MYERS EXPECTED OUTBREAK

Letters From the Commaader of Our Marines
in Pekin, Written on Jane 8.

S84n FRANCISCO, July 2.—John W. Twigee of
San Francisco has just received a letter jrom
his nephew, Capt. John T. Myers, who fs in
command of the United States Marine Corps in
Pekin. The letter was written from Pekin on

June 8.

They entered the capital with the force of

allies numbering 380 men and officers, and at

time of wri were quartered inside the
oe 4 walt of thecity. ‘The people there, Capt.
Myers wrote, were quiet but sullen, and an out-
break seemed imminent.

Capt. M has a nuniber of relatives in this
city. He 0 con of Gen. Myets of the Confeda-
erate Army, ap & qrendeon of Gen. Twigas of
the Mexican War e married Miss Alice Cutts,
daughter of the late Commander Richard M
Cutis, United States very. ‘he mother of

are

sage ec

Mrs. Ayers now resides at sland.

Gen, Chaffee’s Departere Delayed.
WASHINGTON, July 2.—Confirmation of the
reported break in machinery, causing the re-
turn to portof the transport Grant, was re-

ceived at the War Department this morning
trom Gen. Shafter at San Francisco, Gen.
Shafter’s telegram says: ‘Note just received
from Chaffee says that just after leaving Golden
Hale, b in maoniner, hed occurred on the
rant, making it unsafe to p until re-
airs had been made, which wil require from
twelve te twenty-four hours. Grant ix nowin
the a
SAN FRANCISCO, July 2.—The transport Grant
returned to port last night owing to a defective
steam pipe and will sail for China again at 4
o'clock to-morrow afiernoog. The work of re-
pairing the pipe Is_being rushed. ;
Major-Gen. Chaffee came ashore this morn-
ing and visited department headquarters. The
or ay gives am AD Oj port jug to reoelve i.
her instructions and to fully pr or
trip. ¢ Sixth Cavalry is also on the Grant.

 

 

 

 

BIG CAPTURE OF BOERS.

 

Gen. Snyman and Whole Commando Reported
Taken Near Lichtenburg.

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SuN.
Lonpon, July 2.—It is reported from Zeerust
that Gen.Snyman, the besieger of Mafeking,
and Commandant Botha and the whole Marico
commando have been captured near Jichten-

bure.

DUTCH WOMEN’S PETITION.

Appeal to Queen Wilhelmina to Intervene to
Save South African Republics.
Speetal Cale Despatch to THE SUN.
AMSTERDAM, July 2.—A petition bearing the
signatures of 11,703 Dutch women has been
presented to Queen Wilhelmina praying her to
intervene to preserve the independence of the
South African republics. A copy of the petition
has been telegraphed to the Czar and another
copy has been mailed to President MoKinley.

 

AIRSHIP TRAVELS 35 MILES.

Carries the Inventor, Count Zeppelin, and
Four Other Persons.
Special Cadle Despaich to THR SUN.

FRIEDRICHSHAFEN, July 2.—After unsuccess-
fulexperiments here yesterday Count Zeppe-
lin’s much-desoribed airship ascended this
evening and travelled safely to Immestadt, a
distance of thirty-five miles, carrying the in-
yentor and four others. No details of the trip
have yet been received and it is unknown
whether it justified the inventor's assertion
that his airship can be steered,

 

On Trial for Shooting at Prince of Wales.
Srectal Cable Despatch to THE Sun,

BrvussELs, July 2.—Thetrial of Sipidioand his
accomplices for the attempted assassination of
the Prince of Wales commenced to-day. The
four boys, escorted by guards with fixed bayo-
nets, were placed in the dock. ~ They gave
their names in low, trembling tones and listenea
to the reading of the long indictment in silence,

Tariff? Agreement Between France and Brasil.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Panis, July 2.—The Governments of France
and Brazil. have arrived at a modus vivendi re-
garding the coffee duties. France agrees to
reduce the duties 20 francs per 100 kilos. Bragi)
agrees to admit French produce at the lowest
possible tariff. Ete:

Queen to Entertain Americans at Windsor.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Lonpon, July 2.—The Queen will entertain
900 members of the American Society of Civil
Engineers at Windsor Castle to-morrow.

 

oy Minister Harris Coming Home.
Special Cable Despatch to THB Sun.
VIENNA, July 2.—The Hon, Addison C, Harris,
the United States Minister, has gone to Paris
en route to the United States,

Keep cool July 4; on
Seeady. N PAY ory

 

Island Sound,
-Ohapin.—Ads,

|!

_ a —— een ee ae

Ae

Fair to-day; sou'h to southwest winds,

MOORS KILL AMERICAN CITIZEN.

Consul Protests te Sultan's Foreign Minister
—Aati-Foreign Excitement ia Fes.

Spectal Cadle Despatch to THB SUN.

Paris, July 2.-Marcos Essagin, an American
citizen, who was managing the Fez branch of a
French commercial concern, waa killed last
Thursday in Fez. While riding in a narrow
street he was knocked against a mule ridden
by a Moorish religious chief. An altercation
ensued, which attracted a crowd, and Essagin’s
life was threatened. He thereupon drew a
revolver and fired into the crowd, wounding a
native, The crowd immediately attacked and

 

killed him. It is variously reported that he
was burned alive and that his corpse was
burned.

The French Minister sent a runner to inform
the American Consul, The Minister and Con-
sul made a joint complaint to Mohammed-
el Torres, the Sultan’s Foreign Minister.
Tt is stated that Essagin was a Hebrew.

There is great anti-foreign excitement in
Fez, which is attributed to French encroach-
ments. The British Consul has demanded
protection for his residence. The Britdsh le-
gation at Tangier is supporting the demand
and has warned the Foreign Minister that the
consulate must be protected.

GOOD NEWS OF THE OREGON.

Admiral Kempff Telegraphs That She Is Not
in a Dangerous Position.

WASHINGTON, July 2.—Good news of the Ore-
gon came to the Navy Department to-day in
th: following from Admiral Kempf:

“CHEFOO, July 2.—The Oregon has run
aground; is not in dangerous position, about
88N. lat, 20.40 E. long. Have sent to assist-
ance of vessel in distresa three naval vessels
lt is reported that there is water in one com-
partment. The commander of the Oregon did
not request assistance, a Japanese man-of-war

having board veseel, KeMPPPF.”
— @

 

BOLD HOLDUP IN DAYLIGHT.
Thief Wrests Her Parse From a Banker's Wife
Crowd Runs Him Down.

Mrs. Inez Brooks, the wife of Ernest Brooks,
the founder of the Cuban banking house of
Brooks Bros., left her home at 19 East Sixtieth
@treet, yesterday afternoon, in a cab to do
some shopping. She left the cab at Madison
avenne and Thirty-first street,telling the coach-
man to await her return, and walked over to
Fifth avenue where she did some shopping
She was returning to the cab, her purse in her
hand, when in Madison avenue just north of
Twenty-ninth street she was grabbed from the
hind by a poorly dressed man and pushed
against an iron railing.

The man grabbed at
but she held it tght ta ure of the
highwayman’s arm across her oc lied
her to let go her hold. The thief grabbed ic
and took to his heels, darting across Madison
avenue into Twenty-ninth street.

It was euch a bold hold-up that dozens of poo.

le who saw It had not time to interfere. ry
Brooks set up a cry ands after the thie!
She was joined by all who had witnessed the
hold-up snd by many who saw the o rune
ning. The thief was a good sprinter, but he
aida have much headway on hw reuers

heir cries attracted the attention of pedes-
guessing what

. Brooks's purse,
the °
t com

trians on Fourth avenue and
waa the matter, they kept together at the croasy-
ing and pounced on the thief as he reached
them. He was haled to the ‘Tenderloin Rouse
station where he was locked up as Barney d-
rich. He would not give his address,

The yan dropped the purse in bis fight, but
F. A. Brady of 2 West Twenty-ninth street,

icked it up and turned it over to the police,
ft contained only a smell amount of money and
some personal papers.

TO SHOOT NIAGARA RAPIDS.
A Chicago Man to Make the Attempt in a
Boat 20 Feet Long on July 4.

NiacaRa Faia, N. Y., July 2.+A Chicago
pian, who gives the name of F. M. Bowser, is
here preparing to make the trip through the
Whirlpool Rapids in a small boat on the after-
noon of Wednesday, July 4. He has brought
his boat with hin. It is a curious affair. It
weighs about two tons, is twenty feet lone,
six feet beam and four feet deep. There are
two air compartments in each end and one on
each side of a pit in the centre. Suspended
from the bottom of the boat by wrought iron
straps is a small propeller wheel which Bowser
intends to operate hy means of a hicycle
while eitting the pit. Bowser is 33 foare
old, unmarried and by occupation a ke
keeper. He is on a vacation and aspires to
conquer the rapids in his boat in order that
he may establish recular sing trofile frow
the falls to the whirlpool by means of simi-
lar crafts, His boat is on the Canadian side
and will be lowered to the river to-morrow.
Wednesday will the poeta iversary of
the death of Willlam Flack of Syracuse, who
made the rapids trip in a boat and was drowned
in the whirlpool.

 

FLAG RAISING TO-MORROW.

 

The Veteran Corps of Artillery Will Omciate
at Battery Park.

The ceremonies attending the raising of the
flag at the Battery at sunrise to-morrow will
be conducted by the Veteran Corpe of Artillery
Milltary Society of the War of 1812. In conse-
quence of this fact the members of the Inde-
pendent Veteran Corps of Artillery of 1776, who
claim to.be descendants of the original members
of the Veteran Corps of Artillery, are much
perturbed. Christopher R. Forbes ,the great-

randson of John Van Arsdale, had the honor
‘or a number of years, and he is especially dis-
pleased now.

Since 1808 Park Department employees
have been raising the flag, and this yearForbes
reoetved nission to @ part in the cere-
monies. Last Monday, however, he received
another communication Informing t
his permit had been revoked {inasmuch as the
Park De; nent would not conduct the cere-
monies this year, but that District Attorney
Gardiner’s Veteran Corps would have charge.

 

 

BANGED DYNAMITE STICKS.
One of Two Playful Boys Badly Hurt--Dyna-
mite Damaged or There’d Be No Boys.

Richard Kahl and his playmate, Charles
Abman, each 10 years old, who live in adjoin-
{ng houses in Kingsbridge, picked up what
appeared to be two sticks last night in Kings-
bridge road, They hit the sticks together

there was an explosion which blew off

4 index finger on the right hand of the Kahl
boy and tore the flesh from his arm from the
wrist to the elbow. The other boy was un-
injured. The sticks were made of dynamite
and had been dropped, it was supposed, by
some contractor’s men. The police say that
the dynamite must have 7 a
o

ure, as there was enough of
sticks, each of which was five eet long, to
blow up a block of houses.

 

 

ENGINE CUT HIS HEAD OFF.
‘

 

Muench Threw Himself in Front of a Lacka-
wanna Train,

Asa train was approaching the Third street
crossing of the Lackawanna Railroad in Harrt-
son, N.J., at 7 o'clock last night,a man was

seen to strip off his coat and waistcoat and
throw himeelf in front of the engine. His head
was out off. @ Was recogn as Jacob
uench, $2 years old, of 307 Main street,
arrison.

John C, Templeman Drowned.

 

John C, Templeman, 22 years old, who
resided at 308 Miller avenue, Brooklyn,
with his brother-in-law, the Rev. Alexander
Mathewson, pastor of the East End
Baptist Church, will be buried to-day
at 2 o'clock, e was drowned on Sunday at
Yorktown. His body was brought home laat

night. Young Templeman went out in a boat,

k off his clothes and plunged in for a swim

he wind blew the boat out of his reach and he
could not swim far enough to catch it.

Gov, Allen Coming Home From Porto Rico,
Sreciai Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
BAN JUAN DE Porto Rico, July 2.—Gov. Allen
sailed for New York at 10 o'clock this morning
on board the auxiliary gunboat Mayflower

4. Hudson- Rives
uste—Ade,

 

for Jul

The most $ portess outin:
Day Lin ery,

etrip Grand

SS eg Sone

 

 
     

GIVING UP ITS DBAD.

 

46 Bodies of Fire Victims
Taken From the River,

 

NEARLY ALL FROM SAALE

 

Deaths Among the Crews Alone
May Mount to 170.

A Great Gathering. In of Corpses When the
‘Tide Rose Yesterday Afternoon Abost the
Burned Piers at Hobokea—-Men in Rew-
boats Towed Them Ashore-Four More
Dead Taken From the Saale-Fear That
There Are Scores Yet in the Hold--Subde-
ing the Fires on the Main and the Bremen
~The North German Lioyd’s Need of Piers

Its Prospective Losses for Lack of Ships
~The Kateer Wilhelm der Grosse to Sail
From This Port To-day — Salvage Libels.

Men who were searching for the bodies of
those who perished in Saturday's great fire at

Hoboken began to recover the dead in large
humbers yesterday. Rowing about in small

Soats from eariy in the moraing until
darkness compelled them to quit,
they rescued from the river around
the ruined piers of the North German

Lioyd lines forty-six corpses, two of which
were those of boys and the rest those of men
who had been employed on the Saale. Four
more bodies were found in the hull of the
Saale lying down onthe Jersey flats. There
are now forty-nine bodies in the Hoboken
morgues, twelve in the New York city Morgue
and two in Jersey City, which, with the four on
the Saale, bring the total of recovered dead up
to sixty-seven. Most of the sixty-seven have
been more or less completely identified, Fifty-
three are surely from the Saale, three from the
Main and one from the Bremen.

NEARLY ALL FROM THE BAALB.

Of those found yesterday only three were
from any other ship than the Saale. Most of
the dredging for bodies was done in
the slip immediately north of the Thingvalla
pier, The great preponderance of the Saale’s
crew among the dead was the more remarkable
as the Saale lay two slips further down before
the fire.

Ten more persons were reported missing yes-
terday, of whom four were employed on the
burned steamships. Up to last night sixty-one
had been inquired for as missing since the fire.

POKSIBLE TOTAL OF 200 DEAD.

Itis stilla matter of conjecture how many
were entombed in the submerged hulls of the

three ruined ehips and how many met
death by leaping from them in the
river. It is the impression of the
North German Lloyds officials that the

death ist will not exoeed 200, though Gustav H.
Schwab, the agent of the line, said last night
that the members of the crews who perished
might number anywhere from 120 to 170. To
this total, whatever 1t may be, must be added
the longshoremen, the visitors to the vessels
and others who lost their lives.

The actual loss to the line in ships and cargo
probably will not exceed $5,000,000, but there are
other Josses that should be taken into
consideration, chief among which are
those incidental to the destruction of the
ships and the loss of pier privileges.
Three splendid linera that were able tocarry
more than five thousand passengers, cabin and
ateerage, were capable of earning many thou-
sands of dollars a year for their owners, All
this will be lost, and, pending the rebuild-
{ng of the piers. or the possible chartering
in New York of other piers, the line will be
forced to rent, probably at more than the usual
rates, dock room from other steamship
companies. For several months, at
least, the North German Lloyd Line will
be forced to despatch its express steamers
from this port from the docks of the Cunard
and the iamburg-American lines. It is likely
that the North German Lioyd may secure pier
privileges in this city, Possibly at some place
beyond Twentieth street on the North River. It
is also likely that it will not dock its ships at
wooden piers if it can persuade the city to con-
struct steel ones,

DREAD SECRETS OF THD SAALK’8 HOLD.

It is probable that the majority of those who
died in the great fire were at work in theeteam-
ship Saale. The four bodies recovered from her
yesterday swell the list of her victims to sixteen.
Chief Officer Schaffer was aboard of her all day
overlooking the operations of the wreckers.
He was accompanied by Fourth Officer Bock
and Third Engineer Brockhoff. Mr. Schaffer
said that the Saale’s purser had a complete list
of ber crew, but a very incomplete list of
those who had been saved. He believed
that there were st least fifty bodies
in the depths of the ship. He based this belief
partly on nis own experience aboard her
aud partly on the fact that at least
fifty members of the crew were unaccourted
for, He said also that there was a
large number of painters and decorators at
work in the Saale when she was caught in the
great blaze, preparing her for the reception of
the Christian Endeavorets who were to sail
lirom Boston on her. The body of one of these
painters was among four recovered yesterday.

No bodies were taken from the wrecks of the
Bremen and the Main, whose keels are mud-
embraced off the beach of Weehawken. The
fire in the cargo of the Bremen was practically
extinguished last night and a ilarge
quantity of her cotton was lightered. Capt.
Chittenden, who was in charge of the wreck for
the Merritt-Chapman Company, will begin to-
day to make a thorough search for bodies in
both the Bremen and the Main, whioh lie along-
side of each other. The Captain of the Main
still has the belief that there are many men be-
ow decks, perhaps inthe bilges, The North
German Lloyd officers in charge of the Bremen
thought that there were few bodies aboard
her

The ensigns and the house flags of nearly
every liner were at half mast yesterday out of
respect for those who perished in the conflagra-
tion. Even some of the ferryboats, inspired by
the example of the big ocean croesers, also
lowered their flags.

KAISER SAILS TO-DAY,

The Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse, which es-
caped from the conflagation that destroyed
three of her sisters, was officially inspected
vesterday and declared to be fitin every re-
spect for service on the line, She will safl this
morning from one of the Cunard piers with a
full complement of passengers, among whom
are several prominent persons

A batch of litels for salvage claims has been
and is atout to be filed against the Kaiser by
the owners of tugboats who declare that they
helpecktosaverher. Theseclaims have been re~

ee

Ones

a

wn