ferred to the counsel of the line with tnstruc-

whioh has been peattively identified as that of

tions to see thet neither the North German | Capt. Mirow by Gustav H. Schwab, the agent of

Loyd Company nor the tagboat owners suffers
any injustice.

67 BODIES RECOVERED.

€6 From the Biver Yeoterday—At Least 8 of
the 69 Come From the Saale.

Forty-ix bodies of persons who perished in
Gaturday’s fire were taken from the water
around the burned North German Lioyd piers
fo Hoboken yesterday. There were no bodies
ef women or children among them, and
from that fact the steamship officers
and t'e polioe infer that about
all the visitors who were on the ships
onGaturday afternoon escaped on tugboats
or lighters and that the women folks on the
burned canal boats also were taken off. Two
of the bodies recovered were those of boys.
The others were all men from the Saale, prin-
Gpally sailors, coal passers and stewards.
Their clothing showed what sort of work they
had done on the ship.

The attempts at identification did not begin
until late in the afternoon, because there was
ne rooms in the morgues for the persons look-
ing for the bodies of their friends until after the
work of bringing bodies in was over. Five of
the bodies were taken to Hoffman's morgue on
Jackson street and the other forty-one were
taken to O’Donnell’s morgue on Washington
atreet.

CROWDS GALE AT THE COFFINS.

The morgue on Washington street and the
Valencia Boat Club’s house, where the bodies
were brought ashore, were the chief places of
interest all day, and the crowds deserted the
Puins of the Campbell warehouse and of the
plere to see wooden boxes six feet long carried
up e gangplank from the boathouse float and
patinto dead wagons. At the other end of the
route another crowd pushed and jammed to
eee those same wooden boxes slid into the
cellar of O’Donnell’s undertaker shop on a
emooth wooden chute leading down from the
d@dewalk.

There were fifteen rowboats engaged in re-
covering the dead, andin some of them there
were three men. In the others one man did
the rowing and another dragged the grappling
trons and tied the bodies astern to be
towed to the float. Early in the day one
man went out alone. He founda body within
Afteen minutes and brought it ashore, but he
would not make asecond trip until he founda
companion, and even then he insisted on doing
the rowing.

} It was reported yesterday that the searchers
wore being paid $5 for every body that was
identified and $2 apiece for the rest. The men
in the boats said that they knew nothing of any
such arrangement and that they had simply

Velentoered asa matter of decenoy.
boatmen worked under the supervision of

the police and of Dr. 8. A. Helfnor of the Board
of Health, who spent the day on the boat club
float. Mayor Fagan was with him in the after-
boon.

 

 

DEAD ROSE ON THE TIDE.

Up to the hour of high tide In the afternoon
progress was slow. Between 8 o'clock in the
morning and 8 in the afternoon only fifteen
bodies were recovered. Thirty-one were towed
in within the next three hours. There was not
a@ boat out that didn't find at least one and
some had six. The bodies were all taken on the
float at one corner, and at one time there were
four boats, that had racedin through the slip,
waiting in line for their turns to dispose of their
grewsome tows.

The bodies were put in boxes on the float and
taken up the gangplank by undertakers’ help-
ers, Four of these boxes madea load for each
of the two dead wagons.

The crowd of men and women, some with
baby carriages, who fought and sorambled to
get near the end of that gangplank might have
been sympathetic, but they didn’t show it.
There were no wives of sailors or longshoremen
there, but just sightseers who had been driven
away from the charred heaps on the piers or
who had got tired of inhaling the smoke over
at the warehouse ruins. Late inthe afternoon
the wind shifted and the smoke followed the
crowd and did more to make a clear way for
the morgue men than all the Hoboken police
had done.
€HOSE WHO REALLY HAD PEAD TO LOOK FOR.

The crowd in front of O’Donnell’s place was
of a different make-up. The wives of the miss-
ing men were huddled together on the sidewalk
waiting for an opportunity to look for theirown
among the dead. Back of the women were men
from the ships, seeking the bodies of their sailor
friends. This crowd was obliged to wait until
Bo'’clock last night before the bodies were
ready for inspection and the morgue doors
opened. Even then the women could not find
their missing husbands, for ali of the men
whose bodies were found yesterday were from
the Saale, and their wivés are in Germany. The
Hoboken women were looking for longshore-

mea.

The forty-one bodies were placed in the dingy
wagon shed in the rear of the morgue
before the attempts at identification began,
There was no way of tlluminating the place ex-
cept by candle light. The bodies were in a row
with their heads toward the back of the phed.
There was no room between the boxes for a
person to walk, co Ike examination went On un-
der diMiculties and was satisfactory to nobody.

Two hundred persons went into the place
altogether. They formed in a line that ex-
tended through the undertaker's rooms out on
to the sidewalk and then moved in slow pro-
cession by the boxes. O’Donnell’s assistants
stood by with lighted candles, which
they lent to the men and women
entering the shed. The candles were taken up
at the other end of the line of bores and used by
others. Of the 200 persons in that procession
half were women, but none of them found a
body that she oould recognize.

The examination will be resumed this morn-
ing and better resulta are expected by day-
Nght. None of the bodies is badly disfigured.
All the men were drowned, having apparently
jumped overboard before the flames reached
them.

DBAD UNDER A HAMBURO PIER.

Men who were at work yesterday on the
upper pier of the Hamburg-A merican Company,
which adjoins the burned piers on the south,
believe that when explorations are made under
it many bodies will be found. Yesterday morn-
ingastench was plainly perceptible from be-
neath the woodwork and by afternoon it had
become so strong that many of the workmen
were sickened. The physicians of the Pha-
nicla who were on the pier say that the odor
is undoubtedly from bodies, and as it is widely
distributed they believe that investigations
there will be attended by startling disclosures.

The body found in the Hudson River at the
Erie ferry, Jersey City, on Saturday night, was
identified yesterday as that of Frederick E.
Janzen of 204 River street, Hoboken. The
identification was made by arelative. Janzen
was a machinist and was employed on the
Bremen. It is supposed that when he found
his escape cut off he jumped overboard, as the
medica! evidence shows that his death was due
to drowning. The only other person in Jersey
City whose death is due to the fire is Christian
Bolghmann, of the Main, who died at Christ
Hospital on Sunday.

IDENTIFICATIONS IN NEW YORK

Of the bodies taken to the Manhattan
Morgue from the Saale two were positively
identified yesterday. Body No. 3 was identified
as that of Charles Brunner by his wife, who
lives at 506 Lewis street, Union Hill, N.J. She
will have it buried at herown expense. Body
No, 4 was identified as that of August Weller,
fourth assistant engineer of the Saale. The
identification was made by fourteen members
of the crew who were discharged from Bellevue
Hospital yesterday afternoon, William Sehur-
meister, a shipmate of the dead man, positively
identified the body, and -aid he |ad lived in
Bremerhaven, Germany.

All the bodies except those of Brunner and
Weller and an unidentified trunk were removed
yesterday to Hoffman & Kennedy's under-
taking shop at 470 Peari street, and they will be
buried at the expense of the steamship com-
pany, with the excepiion of body No. 8,

——

the North German Lioyd line. The cap-
tain’s body will be sent to Germany for burial.
MOROUS KSSPERS QUABREL. |

James H. O'Donnell, keeper of the city Morgue
at Hoboken, and George Hoffman, a son of
Charles Hoffman, the Coroner, had a row yes-
terday on the dook of the Valencia Boat Club,
when the first bodies arrived. Hoffman insisted
that the bodies should be taken to the private
morgue owned by himself and his father, while
O'Donnell was equally assertive that the bodies
should go to the city Morgue. There was a
good deal of loud talking which Mayor Fagin
finally ended by ordering Hoffman to keep still
or get off the dock. Hoffman chose the former
alternative.

BURIAL OF THE DEAD.

Mayor Fagin, Dr. Halfnor of the Board of
Health and Capt. Moeller had a conference last
night to determine when to bury the bodies of
the viotims of the fire. They did not fix upon
any date, preferring to wait until they learned
the wishes of Gustav H. Schwab, agent of the
steamship oompany. The burial will be in
Maochpelah Cemetery, North Bergen, and the
expense will be borne by the North German
Lloyd Line.

Dr. F. A. Halfnor of the Hoboken Board of
Health called at O’Donnell’s morgue last night
and identified one of the bodies there as that of
John Waylor, chief engineer of the Saale. Dr.
Halfnor said that he could not be mistaken in
the identification, as he and Engineer Waylor
had been warm personal friends.

 

SAALE COULD HAVE BHEN SAVED.

Chief Officer Says the Tugs All Rushed for
the Big Kaiser.

A multitude gazed from dawn to sunset yee-
terday on the grimy and distorted wreck of the
Saale, lying deep in the mud of the shoals off
Communipaw. The gazers came out in all
manner of craft, from the gilded steam yacht
and the businesslike excursion boats to the
rickety flat-bottomed rowboat. The Liberty
Island propeller, Liberty Route, not only ferried
excursionists to the big bronze statue, but also
took them around the seared skeleton of the
burned liner. Passengers aboard Staten Island
ferryboats also got a glimpse of the wreck.
The Chapman-Merritt divers were assisted
in the exploration of the ship to find the bodies
of those who had been entombed in her by
three of the Saale’s officers: Chief Officer
Schaffer, Fourth Officer Oscar Bock and Third
Engineer Brockhoff. They went aboard her
yesterday afternoon and stayed with her until
after nightfall waiting for the arrival of the
purser’s list of her crew so that they might be
able to tell the Coroner the full names and the
occupations of those whose bodies might be
recovered and identified.

BODIES OF THREB MEN.

Three bodies of men fully dressed were
taken from under the main deck of the ship,
which is nearly flush with the water at high
tide in the afternoon. Diver Dwyer of the
Chapman-Merritt oompany took out the
bodies, which were broughtup to @ passageway
on the upper deck and covered with canvas. The
Coroner was notified, but he had not arrived at
7 o'clock last night, when Tar Sun's tug left
the ship for the city. The bodies will be taken
off to-day. From papers on one of the bodies
and from a marked handkerchief it was reoog-
nized as that of a waiter named Brodt. A card
in the pocket of another body indicated that
it was that of a painter employed by Breicken-
stein of Hoboken, who was decorating the main
saloon for the reception of the Christian -
deavorers, who wero to have sailed aboard the
steamship from Boston.

Chief Officer Schaffer said that there were
more than twenty workmen, besides the long-
shoremen, in the ship assisting in her renova-
tion. He said that he believed that Capt.
Mirow had died aboard, and that he had not
{umpped to a lighter, as some of the ship's cooks

ad n reported as saying. hen the flames
swept across the Saale from the burning pier,
Schaffer said, he and Capt. Mjrow were stand-
ing on the promenade deck,
in a passage running ath wartships.
tain ordered the chief officer to cast off the
epin’y Snes. Schaffer found the heat 6o flerce
that gould hardly rt nls men to o
order. Bu ey pally chonped, aw a
steel mooring haweers, and the ship svarted
to drift out. She was hi yay ra Sroms the

pier when she was ablaze fore an

\ Ls ener at then his commander for the
as e in the ay

says he believes that Capt. Mirow
whelmed there by the smoke and fire that
roared across the ship. Schaffer eaw that h

could do nothing more to hep save his vesse
and he ran aft for his life with the fire rolling
close behind. He lowered himself over the stern
and swam to safety. He says he has no doubt
that the fragments of the body found on the
ship, beside which the pearl-handled
was picked up, were the remains of

row.

 

most amidships,
he ca

ps. He
was over-

nknife
apt. Mi-

MIGHT HAVE SAVED THE SHIP,

wilt says that if there had been a few tugs
ing to help the Saale out she would not have
en destroyed. “Ah,” “they were

all after the Kaiser,

, 8

ners They didnot think of a little shi like

t ; id no nk of a little ship like

ours. We would have been saved if there

pee been two tnestohelpus. They would have
n enough to take us out of the slip.”

After the three identifiaple bodies had been
found on the Saale the trunk of another body
was found at the foot of the staircase of the
smoking saloon, ly burned. There was
nothing on the trunk to identify it.

Two Henters, the Atlas and the Mutual, lay

ongside the Saale all day taking out her cargo.

ore than a hundred barrels o
ered. prise was exp that none o
them had exploded or been consumed. All
the oil in the cargo apparently was undamaged.

BLAME TUGBOAT MEN.

Two of the officers of the Saale said yesterday
that they had been badly trea by tugboat
men while wey the off were 8 galing
in the water. One officer said that he had seen
a deckhand poke a boat hook intoa man who
had refused to name a price for being rescued.
It is not likely that there was any such Inci-

oil were light-

dent. It is more probable that the officer saw
the deckhand japbing at a drowning n with
a boat book for the purpose of saving the man.

There were s0 many rescues by tugboat men
who might have been seeking salvage instead
of saving life that the stories of inhumanity
on the part of the river men may be looked upon
as the result of excitement, overheated imag-
pete and a lack of knowledge of English on
e part of the men who make the charges.
The entire fleet of towboats picked wp prob-
ably more than 400 persons. One of the most
energetic and the biggest of the fleet saved
nearly seventy men and women before her
skipper thought about the subject of salvage.
THE DELAYED CHRISTIAN ENDBAVORERS,
The manager of the tourist company which
has charge of the Christian Endeavorers’ ex-
cursion said last evening that those who were
to have sailed on the e would be taken
gpre of on steamers sailing from Boston and
‘on on July 7. Those who were to sail
on the vf gail on the n_of the North
German Lloyd line sailng from Baltimore on
July 4, or as soon as the remodelling of the
veasel can be made for this apecial party.

 

THE MAIN A VAST TOMB.

 

Mixpectation That Many Dead Will Be Found
~—Fire Out on the Bremen.

Smoke that rose in a thin column off Shadyside
marked the spot where the Main and the Bremen
lay and smouldered all day yesterday. Deep
down in their hulls there were still flames that
the tugboat men could not reach and quench.
Water was poured into them in ceaseless streams
but the cargoes were at white heat so deep that
water reached the centre of conflagration slowly
and with little avail. Thus was the possibility
of search for the bodies that probably lie in the
hulls of the vessels rendered impossible, and
the roster of the Main's and the Bremen’s dead
must wait its time until the agency of death is
overcome.

All that the officers of the ships can do is to
hope that the dead may be few and to fear that
they may be many. Capt. Petermann of the

' Main still holds to his estimate of fifty lost in all

from his ship. The officers of the Bremen make
no reckoning that can be regarded as even ap-
proximate. Some of the hopeful ones express
a belief that there are no bodies in the heated
hull. Others say that they would not be sur-
prised if the wrecking companies, when they
come to explore the vessel thoroughly, should
find colonies of dead in such remote parts of
the ship as the flame-harassed crew would
naturally have sought for refuge. Until the
divers start upon a systematic search, which
will probably begin to-day, one man's guess is
as good, or as bad, as another's as to the residue
what was once humanity still aboard the
ship

of

DROWNING THE FIRE
Streams of water from the tugs were kept
pouring upon the Main all Sunday night. Some

played upon the sides of the ship which were
red hot in places; others were directed into

qe

THE SUN, TUESDA

Foot by foot the water rose in the hatchway
until the seething cotton bales and the mass

of fire that had been the oargo of grain were | hour

submerged. That ended the fire there, but
still the steel sides of the ship glowed with in-
fernal fires, and far aft and far forward, smoke,
tinged with the red hues of the fire beneath,
rose into the night air. All the ventilators
upon the forward deck were belching smoke
with an oocasional spurt of flame. Evidently
the trouble below was of large extent and not
easily tobe subdued. Around the engine rooms
too, where the fifteen men of the engine force
had spent hours while the ship was afire and
whence they had made good their escape after
allhope had been givenup ,wasan area of great
heat, All that could be done was to pour water
without intermission upon those parts of the
ship where the fire seemed to be the most per-
sistent and to walt for morning light. ™

Since the rescue of the fifteen after it had
been declared that no living thing could be
aboard the men on the attending boats have
been chary of impossibilities, but they were
sure yesterday that nobody was atill living on
board the Main. Even if it were possible that
any person had escaped death by fire or smoke,
there was now water enough in the hold to sub-
merge every possible refuge. What remained
to be done was to get the fires out and begin
asearch for the bodies, hidden far under the
water line.
When day broke {t was seen that the Main
had not been perceptibly shifted by the tide.
She lay just about as she had lain after settling
in the soft bottom beside the Bremen. The
only change from the day before was that now
the fire in her main hold was under control
and one oould go almost anywhere, except
far forward and aft, so far as the fire was con-
cerned. Water was the great hindrance to
exploration. In the engine room there was
from fifteen to twenty feet of it. Eight tugs
were around the vessel and most of them were
pouring streams of water into her, constantly
deepening the flood in her hold.

THINKS HE SAW 4 BODY.

As soon as it was light enough to see R. W.
Deming of the tug Booth went down into the
fire room hatch and here made out what he
believed to be the body of a man, almost sub-
merged by the water. He tried to reach the
object, but failed. Then he returned to the
tug after a pole, but when he got back to the
place where he had seen the supposed body
it had disappeared.
water had submerged it.

He believes that the rising

The officers of the
ship believe, however, that any man who had
been in that part of the ship would have
able to make his presence known to the fifteen
engine room survivors and would have been
reported by them even had he failed to save
himself with them.

In the afternoon Capt. Petermann, T
Officer Ebakan, Fourth Officer Mette and Bn-
qineere Stankow, Lansberg and Peterson viaited
the ship and went over her as jar as was
sible. Mr. Ebakan found his eyld watoh in
tolerably good condition. On starboard
side of the main deck a lady's gee watch was
found by the party. It is balieved to be the
property of one of the stew:

TALK WITM CAPT, PETKRMANN.

After they had been over the ship Capt. Peter-
mann. said:

“It is very apparent that the fire is now under
control. I believe the cargo be put out
eooner than I first expected, but it will probably
take twenty-four hours or more yet. As to the
number of dead from this ship I have no reason
to change mv estimate of fifty. Nevertheless,
you un tand, that is only a sort of guess
and I should not be surprised were it wide of
the truth. There is po possibuity of getting to
the bilge forward and aft, which Is just the part
af the ship that those who were imprisoned
by the fire would take tn, until the fire is out
and the sides of the vessel have ed some-
Then divers will go down and
Henyen only knows what they may find.

“We know that there were 160 men of the
cree Pei Sdins. ie gern Pellet ts that most
gaged in ; ef ts that m
of those who lost thelr ves died in the water
after throwing themselves from the dec
However, it may be that many ran for refuge
into the bilge. All my men are notifird to
turn to Germany on the Kaiser Wilhelm ber
Grosse, which sails to-morrow. The officers
will be over there to make a reckoning of those
who present themselves for passage and in
that way we can get a good estimate of how
many of the crew are missing. As to an
estimate of the longshoremen who are at wor
in the ship, I do not know how we are to find any
statistics of then.

. Petermann says that he lost all the
personal property he owns ex the sult
of civilian clothing that he had on he let
himself down by rope from his ship
to a raft.

EXPECTS TO FIND HEAPS OF DEAD.
Another officer who takes a less hopefol
view of the casualties on the Main then does

her captain said yesterday:
“If we do not fipd a mass of bodies we we
come to explore the lowest depths of ship
I shall be surprised. cunt sep and consider
for a moment what chance spoape the work-
man busy in the hatchways had for @#

out. There is but one way out-—to climb the
side ladders. That is a slow process, for the
in single But this fire
was so deadly swift in its spread that the en-
gineer who went down to warn his com-
panions in the engine tooms found his retreat
cut off,and that though he had wraire to asoend,
a much quicker than the der. Now
allow that the workman were called up when
ve first danger was seen. It is highly prob-
ble that some blazing fragment settled upon
the cotton bales in the hatchway early and
that there wasa weneral blaze there. Wouldn't
it be natural, then, that the bulk of the men,
finding the ladders crowded, should rush back
into the hold and make their way as far down
below the water line as posaible? pat meant
certain, if slow, death. For myself, ead
what ia to be brought forth when the ex

tion begins.”

YARN ABOUT SEVEN BODIES.

A rumor went about the little fleet of tugs
that clustered around the two vessels yester-

what.

men must come 1

day to the effect that seven bodies had

seen rolling in the wash of the water in the
Main's engine room. Investigation failed to
show any basis for therumor. A SUN reporter

went through the engine room on Sunday after-
noon and looked into all parte of it, when there
was not more than two feet of water in any
art and there were no bodies there then. It
3 hardly possible that they could have been
washed thither from any other part of the ves-
sel, and the rumor is regarded by the officers
of the vessel as a canard.

One of the tugboat men said that yesterday
morning @ river pirate was seen coming from
the Main with a basket full of silverware. Capt
Petermann said that he had heard nothing
about it and that he did not believe there was
y silverware on the boat worth stealin

or its intrinsio value after the fire had go
through with it. Quite a number of rowboata
overed around the ship, but very few persons
oarded her. In fact {t is doubtful if any one
exnept the officers of the ship, renresentatives
of the line and the reporters were aboard. It
was a matter of some difficulty to gain her dome
and of much more to get around her, as nearly
all the ladders and ways were destroyed or
melted out of shape.

SITUATION ON THE BREMEN,

When the Kremen, which Ites just inshore
from the Main, struck she heeled over to

so sbarply that there was some fear of her
turning completely over. {s list corrected
itself to a noticeable extent under the influence
of the tides, and passage across her decks was
much ensier yesterday than on the previous
day. Fourth Officer Schiedling was in charge
of the ship and with him was Third Engineer
Wallwitz_and a number of the crew.

“No effort haa been made yet to fin the
bodies of the men who, we fear, are helow ”
said Mr. Schiedling, "except that we have ex-
plored the port side of the ship. Nothing
was found there. On the starboard side the
heat is greater and we havn't made a full tn-
vestigation there. The engine rooma are full
of water Until the divers go down we cannet
tell what may be the condition of matters there.
It is possible that some of the engine force
who are atill unsecounted for were caught
there and that their bodies may be found under
the water. The tire is out on this ship.”

About noon a nuniber of bales of smoulder-
ing cotton were hoisted out of the Bremen's
hold by. the Merritt-Chapman wrecking boats
and loaded upon a lighter, where a stream was
turned upon then. it was said that this was
the last of the fire on that ship, but the tug-
boats still had their lines of hose pouring .
water at 4 o'clock in the afternoon. Supt,
Chittenden. of the wrecking company said
that the Bremen was in pretty groe shape
except for the warping of a few of her plates
and that she would be pumped out within a
woek, Two divers were examining her bot-
tom yesterday. No attempt was made to go
down inside her. That will be done to-day
probably.
It was noticed yesterday that the gangway
ladder on the starboard side about amidship
had beeu burned away, all but the three upper-
most steps The third step is broken through
in the middle and the sides hang down. It is
highly probable that some of those who at-
ramped to escape started to descend this gang-
Way as it was already burning and that the
ateps broke through under their weight.

WHAT THE CHLEF WRECKER THINKS,
Capt, Walcott of the Merritt-Chapman wreck-
ing steamer I, J. Merritt said yesterday after-
noon alter his men had reported to him all that
they could find out about the condition of the
ship and after he himself had made an examin-
ation above water

Che Bremen is all rient. There isn't enough
fire i: her to amount to anything, It wiil be
all gone by to-night, To-morrow our divers

will explore her hull for bodies. We would

}

fe
dy

ae

|

AP AOR a

unfortunate the
work here tn best posi! peas aac
the flames fairly under control. an
longer the fire would have been prac-
y out, eueiet for the smoul between
8s. Then Main, which run
above us, worked loose 8
to drift down. We were in er not only of
bur: a cin

ng r but ing smashed
like an e@ shell between the two ships ape
we had o Mae tit time to get out of t
yey when jazing furnace of the Main
took ground again almost on the spot where
we . It was hard to have to give up
our point of vantage, but there was nothing
else for it. Then, too, we had been handing
up food and drink to the imprisoned men
through the portholes and it was tough to have
to leave \, for our presence there heartened
ed out to us not to leave
ake it anv easier. For a

ht the fire from the lower

them up. They cri
them, which didn't y
wpe ep ve nad to &
an star’ D.

“As for the Main, she. Pein bad shane sure
enough. Her port side amidships is still pretty
hot from the fire in her bunkers some 0

r pl are y warped. Just the same,
there is a lot left to her yet.

I think that by
to-morrow we shall have the fire out in her.
When we oan get at the bodies down below
I don’t know. As soon as we can we shal
begin tags work, There isn't the faintest

ance 0 anybody being alive on her now.

very place that we can’t get to is either under

water or flery enough to cons' a man, flesh
Gl bone. “Tt has been a hard fire to handle te
cause of nature of thecargo. Coal bunk-
ers burn long. too, when they are once well

Most of the tugboats stayed by the two shi
3 night. Among them were he 'ie r Cahill
ohn D. Dalley, M. Moran, C. N. Kimpland
Union, Booth and Dyc man. The general
belief among the tugs was that the Bremen
waa of actual fire and that all that re-
{ we epowider'ng embers, and that the
‘ain sho be in as ggod opadition. except,
perhaps, for the coal bunkers, by to-night.

 

AID FOR FIRE SUFFERERS.

Subscriptions Received by Mr. Schwab
—German Ambassador Calls.

Baron vonHolleben, the German Ambassador to
the United States, came over from Woshington
yesterday morning. He oalled at the North

 

German Lloyd offices at 11:30 o’clock and spent
over an hour with Mr. Schwab. He said that
he came to express his sympathy and to offer
such assistance as he might be able to render.
Just after the German Ambassador left Mr.

Schwab unced the reosipt of the followi
subscriptionsfor the benefit of those wi owed
or orphaned by the disaster:
vy Bernays, cotton

to about $125;
arvey Fisk & Sons, $100; Lambert
‘oduce Exo , $100; M. Ruttman, $25.

Mr. wab also stated that piers hed been
offered to him at which to d inoo
ateamers by the Cunard, White Star, Figmbure-
American and ch lines. He said that pas-
sengers booked the Bremen would
a Tae peroseas aaiiing ot the 13th, and to
to ‘OnRa, ng on "
the Kaiserin Maria Theresa, sailing on the 17th.

xporter, 500 marks,
Albert Sitttenhelm of

 

MARINE INSURANCE MEN HIT HARD.

Nearly Every Company in the World Affected
by the Big Fire,

Nearly every marine insurance company
in the world will suffer, to a greater of less
extent, from the fire. Premdent Raven of the
Atlantic Mutual Marine Insurance Company
said yesterday that it was well nigh useless
to estimate losses thus early, but he did not
think the loss on piers, buildings and property
on piers would exceed $3,000,000, Mr. Raven
did not care to state yesterday for what amount
his company would be hit, because he had not,
as yet, sufficient data upon which to base a
reliable estamate. The London Assurance Com-
pany said they were involved, but couldn't
say to what extent. The Assistant Secretary
of thefContinental Insurance Company informed
Tue Sun that his company would lose just
$5,400 by the fire. Hagadorn & Co., the in-
surance agents for the North German Lloyd
Company, said that $425,000 would cover the
lose on pier and buildings.

Aocording to the best information obtainable
yesterday the following companies will have

losses, from $15,000 to
each The Roral [epakcs Company, Laveceee,
us verpoo an Palatine, Man-

 

London and Globe. Pala’
England; Home Fire of New ork,
Norwich-

cultural of Viatervowns fe
‘nion, England; Scottish-Union and National,
land; Union Assurance fociaty, London;
orth British and Mercantile, London; German-
dperict New Fore: Pennsyly: Fire of
Iphia and the &K y Company.
The losses on the boats and as will,
it js said, fall chiefly on the Smith & Hicks
moy and on the British Fire and Marine

surance Com pany.

Insurance mien did not hesitate to ye.
terday that one of the immediate ita of
this tre would be a raising of insurance rates
on ships and cargoes at and on gers. t was
also said that the question of building all picrs
of iron or stone, aa well as equipping. all mers
with complete fire apparatus, wonld be im-

mediately tak Insurance men were also
talking about the probability of changing
the reading of what *epowen as the “float-
ing polley contract. is contract protects
“the pro’ of the assured or hel the
assure: trust or on comn or on joint
account with others, or sold but not delivered,
while oont any or all the bonded ware-
houses, general order stores or brick and stone
atorage stores, and while in transitu In or on
any of the strests, Tee wharver, piers and
bulkheads, ip es of New York, Brook-
lyn, Jersey Cif and Hoboken, and while afloat
transitu e ports of said cities.”
‘or

en up.

being 1 per Sa
shown the i pes 2 of losees under this con-
tract and it was said that uniess its reading
was chan uld not be so de-
rous to write such policies in the future,
Another thing discussed in insurance oircles
was the stipulation in ne foe tracts for
insurance to the effect that the liability shall
attach several days after a vessel peaches its
jer. This stipulation will, it was said, result
n @ great loss falling on all panies whic
insured cargoes brought in by any of the
four North German Lloyd liners, since much
of the cargo brought in by each vessel was
still on board.

67 DEAD BODIES 80

companies wo

 

FAR.

46 Found in the River Yesterday and 4 on
the Saale.

The number of dead bodies so far recovered
{asixty-seven. Of these fifty were found yes-
terday, four by divers on the Baale and forty-
six in the river at Hoboken. None has yet been
found on the Main or the Bremen on which
divers, it is expeoted, will get to work to-day.
Of the sixty-seven, forty-three have been more
or leas completely identified and it is known that
fifty-three of the bodies at least came from the
Saale, Three are known to have come from the
Main and one from the Bremen, This is the
Met:

 

IN HOBOKEN

Forty-nine bodies are or have been {n the Hoboken
morg ues.
Hoffman's Morgue.
en . 1—CORDRS, Mrs. PHILOMBNA, stewardess of
No. 2-ERLTERS, PREDERICE, fireman from the

Saale.

je.
No. 4—LOSTDORP, OTTO, steward on ‘
ie.

No. 5—BORHARD, ——, Steward on the
Four unidentified bodies. Total, 4.

O'Donneli's Morgue.

No. 1.—WITTORS, WILLIAM, steward on the Saale.
No. 2.—-MEYER, LUDWIG, steward on Saale..
No. 3.—PINKEN, HERMAN, of the Saale.
0. 4.—SCHUBERT, PONCH, baker on the Main.
o. 6. -SCHUBARD, ——-, steward of the Saale
0. 6.—Itailan boy, 18 years old, from the Saale.
ant 8&.—POOLA -—, second machinist on the
C.
0, 9.--LOEMMET, ——, of the Saale.
No, 10.—Man with wedding ring marked “'M. Lae-
monet, 1900."
No, |1—_——, machinist on the Saale.
No, 12—MAGNUS, —~, (oal trimmeron the Saale,
No, 14-—- —-=, second boatswain on the Saale,
Ring marked ''M. I, 1882."
No, 15—-BURKNER, MARK, steward on the Saale.
No 16,—GEBHARDT, FELIX, fireman on the Main.
No, 17—PETERS, —-—, coal er on the Saale.
No, 18~WOLF, JULIUS, coal trimmer on the Saale,
No, 19--BuSCR, ——.
No, 20--LOFFFLER, —-—. barkeeperon the Saale,
No, 21— ——, steward on the Saale,
No, 22.— ——— GREBE, steward on the Saale,
No, 23~— ——, sailor onthe Saale.
No. oo, CARL, stoond engineer on Saale.
No. 25-
Saale.
No, 26-VON TUND, LEO, coal passer on the Saale,
No. 27— —~, pantryman on the Saale.
No. 26.~WALLRABE, JOHN, 326 Madison street,
Hoboken, steward of the Saale.
No, 30--LABON, FRED, steward on the Saale.
No 31—GEBHAR®T. SIMINS, musician, Saale.
No. 33—DESCHER, FRITZ, of the Saale.
No. 34—BARTELS, K., of ine Saale.
No. 35—BARRO, AUGUST, of the Saale.
WAYLOR

Ni
N
N
N
N

~, WILLIAM, coal passer on the the

JOHN, chief engineer of the
Saale.
No 36--LEMONICH, HALL, fireman: Saale.
No. 38—EILERS, FRED, cook on Saale.
No 50—-SMOLKR, HALL, assistant donkey en-
gineer.
No. 40—-STERNSDORF, JOHN of the Saale.
No. 41—ELTER, FRED, 426 River street. Hoboken,
coul passer; Saale
KARDEL, HENRY F,, longshoreman re-
moved yesterday to his home InIloboken,
Thirteen unidentified bodies. Total, 41.
Hoboken, 49.
FOUND ON THE AASLE VESTERDAY.

Four bodies which were left there for the night,
of which one has,been identified as foliows.

Total for

q praia

_ JULY: 8, 1900.

 

A

 

ie +

 

Hoboked painter who was at work on the
@ third that of a longshoremen.
IN NEW YORK CITY.

Twelve bodies from the Saalt,of which nine bave
been removed from the Morgue to 470 Pearl street
and of which the following have been identiued.

No, §—HRUNNER, CHARLES, 506 Lewis street,
Union Hill, N. J. He was chief upholsterer of the
North German Lloyd Line

No. 4—WELLER, AUGUST, fourth assistant engt-
neer of the Saale,

No. &—-Capt, J. MLROW of the Saale, Identified bv
Gustav H, Schwab, agent of the North German

Lioyd Line.
IN JERSEY CITY,

Two bodies were in Speer's mores, Jersey City,
both of which have been [dentifed as follows:
cee CHRISTIAN, cf the Main, died at

rist Hoypital

JANTZEN, FREDERICK E., 204 River street, Hobo-
ken, machinist employed on the Bremen.

The bodies found in the river yesterday were
nearly all from the Thingvalla Line slip, in
which the Main was burned. That those
identifi are almost without exception
dead from the Saale, which was two slips
further down, and that there are so few long-
shoremen and outsiders generally seems
to confirm the impression that com-

aratively few longshoremen, lightermen and
the like perished; and to indicate that if
many were lost of the Main’s crew the bodies
are yet in her hold.

 

MAKING UP THE DEATH ROLL.

Authorized Lists of Dead and Missing to Be
Iasued To-day—Estimate Now Under 170.

From early morning until nearly midnight
yesterday a score of clerks were at work at
the office of the North German Lloyd line
trying to find out just how many of the
employees of the company had lost
their lives in the conflagration. Gustav
H. Schwab, under whose personal super-
vision the work was oarriedon, hoped to
give out an official list of the living, the missing
and the dead last evening, but he found the
task, performed with the great care which he
required, was too great and just before 10
o'clock he authorized the announcement that
the list could not be got ready before to-day.
It was said, however, that up to last evening
the missing and the dead among the officers
and crews of the Bremen, Main and Saale num-
bered between 120 and 170. This estimate does
not take into account the longshoremen and
shore employees of the company who were
working in the ships or on the pliers when the

fire started.
Under the system devised by Mr. Schwab a
roster of each ship’s company waa first made up

and those on each roster known positively to be
alive were checked off. Then messengers, the
telegraph and the telephone were employed to
trace those reported by somebody to be alive.
In this way many who were supposed to be
mi ing or dead were found, and some reported
to be alive were found to be dead. Tinelly all
those reported dead or missing were looked up,
Several persons reporwd under these heads
were found in hospitals in Hoboken or New
York, or with friends, as was Chief Officer Ahl-
born of the Bremen. He was found yesterday
morning, slightly injured, at the home of friends
in Hoboken.

When these lists had been checked and re-
checked they were turned over to the German
Consul, who set another force of clerks and
messengers checking and searching and check-
ing again, The Consul was at work on the lists
last night and Mr. Schwab said, through his chief
clerk.{that he did not purpose making public the
name of a single person asdead or missing
until every possible effort had been made to
find that person. When the liste are given out
therefore, it may be almost safely concede
mat these not accounted for are among the
dead. :

When the clerks at the offices of the line had
finished with the rosters of the crews they went
to work on the lists of pier employees of the
company. The work of revising these lists was
rendered extremely difflenit, owing to the fact
that all books and payrolls containing the
narnes of these men were burned with the piers.
Partial lists were obtained, however, from
various sources and upon these the
clerks went to work. It was said at the office
last night that Mr. Bchwab was unwilling that
even an estimate should be given out, lest, in
the incomplete state of the lists, some one who
is alive should be included among the missin,
or dead. It was said, however, that it woul
probably be impossible to get complete lists of
the longshoremen and laborers, ao that itmight
never be known how many of these men lost
their lives.

To help along the work of preparing the lists
there was a general muster of the company’s

ors and longshoremen at the temporary

ce in Hoboken, Three hundred and seventy-
eeven galtors and firemen from the three die-
abled ships reported themselves. Five hundred
ipnamereenns received their pay. Three hun-
sailors who are to sail on the Kaiser Wil-

r Grosse to-day reported to the Ge:

 

helm rman

Consul,
LIGHTER BLAZES UP AGAIN.

 

Mer Cargo of Cotton Afire Off the Rotterdam
Pler—Longshoremen Panic Stricken.

Roboken came uncomfortably near having
another water front fire yesterday afternoon,
when a lighter loaded with 500 bales of cotton
began to blaze off the end of the Rotterdam
pier. The steamship Potsdam was at the
pier loading. {lundreds of men were at work
on the ship and on the pier when some one
yelled “Fire!” Themen looked up and down
the pier and near the head saw flames eweep-

ing over the cotton on the Manhattan lighter
apt Lang, which was in tow of the tug How-
a

Sailors scrambled over the side of the Pote-
dam to the pier and raced with the longshore-
men to the bulkhead line and the street. Some
one rang in an aoe and ihe worn out Hoboken
firemen responded in good time. But the
was nothing for them to do. The How
headed for midstream and got ber dangerous
tow away from the pier before any damage
was done, Just fifteen other tugboat cap-
tains, looking for salvage on cotton,had started
in pursuit of the lighter and joined the How-

in midstream in playing water on the Capt,
Lange. The fire was soon out and the lighter
was then towed around to Brooklyn.

The Capt. Lange was one of the lighters
pulled out of the Bremen slip on Saturday
night and 100 or more ns saved themselves
by jumping on her pile of cotton bales, She
was towed to the Castle Point dock where
she lay until 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon,
when the Howard took her in tow. At that
time she was apparently all right,but ten min-
utes later the cotton began to blaze. It is
supposed that there had been a fire smoulder-
ing in the cargo ever since Saturday night.

Nine More Reported Missing.

These nine persons were reported to the Hobo-
ken police yesterday as missing, making the
total number of persons inquired for as missing
at Hoboken Police Headquarters, the Morgue
and St. Mary's Hospital sixty-one.

ELTER, FRITZ, 27 years, 326 River etree
boken (body found later). »

FRUSKOF?, E. 662 Broadway, Williamaburg.
ee BERNARD, 46 years, carpenter on

aaie.

KOPTA, BERTHA,230 Kingsland avenue, Brooklyn,

KUHN, ANNIE, 4 years old, 230 Kingsland ave
ate. meena Jom. 60 8

ARSMANN, JORN, hterman,
Livingston street, Sesnre . we

RHEM, THRODORR, 16 years steward on Bremen.

SMITH, JOHN, 63 Third street, New York.

WILKENS CARI. 62 years, fremanon Saale.

Bertha Kopta was the sweetheart of Louis
Maisiler, a sailor on the Main, who in Bellevue
Hospital on Sunday told the atory of his attempt
to save her and the child Annie Kuhn. Annie

uhn was Bertha’s niece, the daughter of a

‘illlamsburg ironworker. When the fire broke
out tae sailor jumped to a lighter with the child
and Bertha followed; but the lighter got afire
and they had to jump into the water. Then the
ehila was torn away from the sailorman in the
struggle of a number of swimmers, While he
was rescued the others were not.

ALL PAINTERS BUT FIVE ACCOUNTED For.

Contractor Theodore Brickenetein of Geleen
& Brickenstein, Hoboken, who had charge of
the painting work of the steamers of the North
German Lloyd Steamship Company at this
port. said last night that at the time the fire

roke out he had forty-five painters employed
on the ships; twenty on the Suale and twenty-
five on the Bremen and the Kaiser. Al! have
been accounted for except five of those on the
Saale, who he belleves hive periaied, These
five were known to him as Burchard, Reichard
Hartloff, Smith and Hunstein. The nameso
at least some of these, slightly altered, are on
the official missing lists.

 

 

 

The Kalser Fit to Sail,

Capt. Peter ©. Peters of -the United States
Steamboat Inspection Bureau yesterday madean

examination of the Kaiser Welhelm der Grosse,
He found her in pertfectiy seaworthy shape and
sailing papers will be granted to her as usual,

Pickpockets in the Crowds.

Pickpockets have been working the crowds

who have gone over to Hoboken to look at the
fire ruins. ‘| homas Galbraith of 549 West 125th
street found upon hia return to New York yes-
terday that he was minus a seventyedo‘lar
watch and a gold chain

Chief Officer Ahiborn Nearly Well.

Chief Officer Ahiborn of the Bremen, who has
severaMtimes been reported dead, is at the City
Hospital in Jersey City and is doing so well that
he will probably be discharge to-day.

A Contribution to the Rellef Fund.

THE Swn received yesterday $2from W. H. M.
for the relief of the families of the longshore-

—— BRODT, &@ walter. Another is that of @ | men who perished in the Hoboken fire.

ow
pS

| five-minute s

 

 

HE OPENS THE CAMPAIGN THERE
WITH A RINGING EXPANSION SPEECH.

Didn't Intend to Talk Politics on This Trip,
but Swang Inte the Subject Unexpectedly
at Emporta—An Enthusiastic Receptions
for the Governer All Along the Route,

ARKaNnsas CiTY, Kan., July 2.—Gov. Roose-
velt dashed into the firet skirmish of the cam-
paign to-day with characteristicenergy and un-
expectedness. He had been making little
speeches of thanks for greetings extended to him
all along the line from northern Mis-
souri to the middie of Kansas, adhering
strictly to his plan of not going into political
questions during his trip to the Rough Riders’
reunton at Oklahoma City. Suddenly at Em-
poria, Kan, he launched into a vigorous dis-
cussion of the current political issues. He said
afterward that he had not intended to do so,
but he got warmed up and could not refrain
any longer.

He ridiculed the silver theories of Bryan and
asked the Kansans !f they would be! “ve a man
who told them that they could 1 t © pros-
perous without 16 to 1 i f' ew of
the existing prosperous condi o of the
country. He took a whack. at the
Ice Trust and intimated that he would have a
good deal more to say on the subject after the
Kansas City Convention had adoped Its trusi
plank. Then he stirred his hearers to wild en-
thusiasm by his ringing utterances on the fu-
ture of this great country.

Gov. Roosevelt's rallying ory in the campaign
will be expansion, out and out, unequivocal
expansion.

“We must take and keep our natural place
among the nations of the world. There shal
be no shirking of our duties, no suspi-
cion of a ashirking of the issue. The
question of expansion has been decided
for us by the natural course of events. All we
have to decide is whether we shall do our duty
wellor ill, whether we shall prove recreant to
the trust imposed upon us or go forward in
in the march of civilization and progress. Our
flag is up in the Philippines and it shall never
be hauled down.”

So declared the Governor, and the Kansans
cheered him to the echo. It is worthy of note
that after that he was alluded to as “Our next
Vice-President!’ This was followed by cries of
“and then our next President.”

Wherever the Governor made speeches, after
the plunge at Emporia, he took up the political
issues almost at once,

Something very like a triumphal tour was the
Governor’s dash across Kansas. It was very
evident that if there was anything the matter
with Kansas it was not “Teddy.” At every
station along the line, after leaving Kan-
sas City about 10 o'clock in the morning,
crowds of enthusiastic Kansans gathered to
cheer him on his way, whether the Governor's
train was scheduled to stop there or not. The
Governor made eighteen speeches in all to-day.
After Kansas City he spoke at Lawrence, To-

eka, Osage City, Emporia, Florenoe, Peabody,
Newton, Wiohita, Winfleid and Arkansas City.
At each of these places bia crowds were in
waiting for and greeted him uproariousty.

Fully 10,000 persons were gathered at Wichita
when Gov. Roosevelt appeared on the car plat-
form arminarm with Gov. Stanley, The en-
thusiasm knew no bounds, and the Governor's
ch was cheered at every sen-
tence. ‘Teddy can have Kansas," yelled the

crowd.
This is the gist of the Governor’s Emporia

speech:
“It is partiovlesty Sitting that I make my first
public speeches this afternoon to Kansas audi-
ences because it was Kansas that forced the
Vice-Presidential nomination upon me. (| Laugh-
ter and cries of ‘We'll do better yet someday,
Teddy. } Tam going through to Oklahoma to
attend the reunion of my old regiment, and
while I did not intend to make any political
allusionsin my litle talks with you, it seems
almost impossible not to do so, use the
issues are those in which Kansas must be and
{s peculiarly interested. I see many men
in the audience wearing the button that
shows that they have been participanis
n the great wars. Aslhave said before, our
war was not a big one, because it did not
have to be, but we did the trick. (Cheers.
Kansas has distinguished herself by the
records of Gen. unston, Gen. Metcalf

d their regiments in the Philippines,

noticed at Lawrenoe some representatives of
the Haskell Institute, where are trained our
men of Indian blood, and some of them were in
my regiment at Santiago and one of them is
now serving his country asa commissioned offi-
cer in the Philippines

‘Kansas has eapanded over _these Indians
laughter) and in the same way I might have,
f anew war arose, yipince in my regiment
over which this country has expanded.

“Why are you the people of Kansas? Be-
cause you have expanded overit. Previous to
the Loulsiana purchase of 1808 your beautiful
country wasan uninhabited wilderness; therewas
a strong sentiment against this Louisiana
purchase and there were heard the same
cries that we could get so big we could not
handle ourselves, and so forth. We have man-
aged to get along pretty well, don’t you think
so?_ The Philippines have come under our care
and we shall keep them. Justice and order

must prevail. The question of expansion has
settled itself,
“The question now is whether we shall do our

duty well or ill. ‘To reatore justice and order in
our possessions is our task. And the way to co
about it is to send such men as_ President

McKinley (cheers) has sent, such men as
my old Colonel, now Gen, Wood; such men as
Judge Taft. America is a great nation which

must take its position in the world with the
burdens that oome with it, and while we

have extended over the territory our
form of governmont, we shoul never
abrogate it under any circumstances what-

ever. We shall never recede or leave to
others the shores of the Fhilippipe slands,
drenched as they were with the of our
soldiers. (Cheers.) Our Sag is upin the Phil-
ippines and it will never aul own.”
(Prolonged cheering. |

On the subject of silver, the Governor said
substantially: “Four years ago you were told
that there could be no prosperity without 16 to
1.”

A woman in the front of the crowd cried:
“Thank God, we did not get silver, and we
don’t want it now,’ at which there was a great
demonstration

Continuing the Governor said: ‘Without
that great panacea of 16 to 1 we were to have
no prosperity, but travelling through this
State of Kansas, 1 see nothing but signs of
Drgaperity and no signs at all of 16 to1.”

“Trusts,” called a man in the crowd.

"Yes, trusts,” said the Governor. “The los
Trust ia quite an issue in New Yorknow. I will
speak about that r the Democratic Con-
vention has said its little say on the trust
question.”

The warning whistle blew. “Good-by,
friends. Kansas has adopted me in a way,’
called the Governor.

Yes, and we will keep you, Teddy,” shouted
a big voiced farmer.

 

(ROOSEVELT AT KANSAS CITY.

Enthastastic Greeting for the Governor in
the Democratic Convention City.

Kansas City, July 2—For a quarter of an
hour this morning the Democratic National
Convention was forgotien. Kansas City turned
out to welcome the (iovernor of New York
and testify ita loyalty to the ticket of McKinley
and Roosevelt.

The train was an hour late in reaching Kan-
sas City and arrived about 9:30 o'clock. It
was backed up into the station from the yard
below, thus bringing the Governor's car first.
Gov. Roosevelt, with two or three of his party,

 

was seated on the platform, and, of course, as |

the train rolled in everybody saw lim at once
and a shout went up that must have jarred the
Bryan boomers. The station platform and yard
were jammed solid with men and women, and
as the Governor's car was run down near the
further end of the yard there was an awful
crush to get to that vicinity.

Major William Warner, the new National
Committeeman from. Missouri, stood up be-
side the Governor and tried to deliver a speech
of weleome. The cheering was so persistent
that he was ony partly successful.

The Governor, snuling, waved his hat and
tried to speak, but the throngs who couldn't
see him wouldn't let him, J. K. Cubbison was
passed up over the shoulders of the crowd and
handed a huge suntiower to the Governor, and
there was an increase in the intensity of the
excitement, Two young men dressed in the
Rough Riders’ uniform unfurled a big national
flag and were ho:sted on the shoulders of the
erowd and borne in triumph to the Governor,

who saluted the flax

Four hundred or 500 men and women on the
outside galleries of the depot leaned out and
joined their voices to the uproar. The roofs
of cars in other parta of the yard were black
with the men trying to get a look at the pro-
ceedings. The new

special was rapidly put
together, Gov. Roosevelt's car being attac fed
to it, and the start was made at once for Okla-
homa

Remember This
When an advertiser has something of real
value to dispose of, he first goes to Tue Sun's
advertising columns with it.—Adv,

 

mat oot KANSAS CHEERS ROOSEVEL

 

“Going off ?”

No matter where, or what to
'do, we have the clothes, shoes,
‘hats and furnishings to fit the
occasion, and to fit you.

Rogers, Perr & Company.

258 Broadway, cor. Warrea,
and 7 and 9 Warren St

560 Broadway, oor. Prince.

1260 Broadway, cor, 32d,
and 54 West 33d St

—_—_—_—_—S>E>E>E>P>PE>EHEoRR IIIs
ROOSEVELT THROUGH ILLINOIS.

Enthasiastio Crowds Along the Reute—Altgeld
on the Same Train.

Kansas City, July 2.—The train which car-
ted Gov. Roosevelt through [linols last night
made stops of but a minute or two at the towns
along the route,andran through a heavy rain-
storm in the early evening hours. Absolutely
no preparations had been made for meeting
the Governor anywhere, and |t was known that
he would not make any speeches even if he had
the time. Notwithstanding all these things,
there was an outpouring of people all along the
line and a remarkable and genuine enthusiasm
evinced.

Chicago was left at 6 o'clock last evening.
The Governor was installed in Vice-President
Paul Morton's private car, which was made
last car on the train,and General Manager Tom
Brown wentalong totake personal supervision
ofthetrip. Intheoar withthe Governor were
Richard ©, Kerens, Republican National Com-
mitteeman from Missouri; D. W. Mulvane
National Committeeman from Kansas; Mr.
Morton and Messrs. Crospy and Worden, the
Governor's Rough Rider friends.

The first stop was at Joliet, which was reached
at 7:12 o'clock. Fully 2,000 persons had gath-
at the station, although the stop was to be for
only three minutes. Men and women ran along
the train crying, “Where's the Governor?”
Where's the Governor?”

“You must go out,” sald Mr. Kerens to the
Governor, who smilingly went outjto the rear
platform. Great shouts went up as the well-
known figure was recognized.

“If it was not Sunday evening, I might try to
make a little speech for you,” said the Governor,
at which there was another outburst,

Jollet {s the home of an erratic clergyman,
who discovered a mare's nest In the propowition
that Roosevelt was going to disturb the Joliet
Sabbath by holding a campaign meeting there,
when, of course, no such thing was ever thought
of.

“This was not intended as a political tour,”
continued the Governor “Il am going to meet
the men who lay beside me in the trenches
are Santiago." lend 4 the tel

‘here waa more loud cheering, and the folks
crowded around to shake hands with the Cov-
ernor. The train pulled out before half a
doren ns had cous in_ reaching him,
amid cheers for “our next Vice-President.”

soon a! leaving Joliet a tremendous rain-
storm broke. Ney » as every little
station was there was o gathering of
men and women to be seen and the echo of
cheers to be caught. There is no mistake
about the enthusiasm of persons who wait in

We Gil orders
by mail.

the night and rain for the purpose of cheeri;
aman who is led past ata forty-mile.
an-hour rate

The train a t at Gold City.
Another crowd was ga there and the

Governor went out and bowed his acknowl-
edgment of the cheers. At Streator, although
it was after ® o'clock, the station platform and
vard about were jammed with people. The
train stopped only a moment or two. Gov.
Roosevelt thanked the folks for their greeting,
and they cheered him uproartoualy.

One of the pawrenasrs on_the train which
carried Gov. Roosevelt was John Pardon Alt-
geld of Uiinols. Mr. Altyeld, it may be said,
was not there in honor of the Rough Rider.
He was on his way to the Kansas City Con-
vention. Altgeld and Roosevelt met face to
face on the station platform at Chicago, to

the amusement of the crowd of spectators
and passengers, who could not help contrastin
|

thetwo men. The onlookers seemed to expec
something to happen aud were disappointed
to see them pass without incident. Roosevelt
and Altgeld are not personally acquainted, and
the New York Governor did not know the Illi-
nois ex-Governor even by sight

Later in the day as the crowds were cheering
Roosevelt, Altgeld was an interested spectator,

“What do you think of this display of enthu-
siasm?” THE SUN correspondent asked him.
“Why,” replied Altgeld, “you know it’s Sunday
and the folks have nothing else to do.”

“But then,” he added, refiectively. “Teddy
always does draw big crowds,’

On the point whether “eddy” would not alao
draw big votes, Gov. Altgeld refused to commit
nirnaelt, but discussed the drainage canal in-
stead.

Attached to the train were cars bearing a
delegation from Columbus, Ohio, to Kansas
City and in these cars almost as incongruous a
situation was revealed as that preaented by the
mixed position of Roosevelt and Altgeld. The

delegation was One froin the Columbus Board
of Trade going to Kansas City to urge upon the
Democrats the desirability of Columbus as na-
tional Democratic headquarters and it included
both Democrats and Republicans. Amon

them were Congressman Lentz and Emmet

Tompkins Lentz is a candidate for reélection

and Tonipkins is the Republican candidate
opposing him,

‘hey were seated together when Tnr BN
correspondent Was presented and pledged one
another in sparkling apollinaris. Ceneveees
man Lentz said the Democrats had no hopes
in the Fast. Delegate Dow, from the enty-
first Congresstonal distriet of New York, boasted
of Schoharie couhty’s majority for Bryan in
1996. “In 1900 you can't carry New York, sale
Congressman fente. “If Bryan is elected it
must be by the vote west of the Alleghanies,”

Delegate Dow looked rather nonnlussed for
a moment. He had an idea that the Demo-
erats had some little hope of New York,

“You can say to vour people, though,” went
on Mr. Lentz, turning to the correspondent in

aste to add some sort of qualification, “that

IeKinley will have to sit on his Canton pore
right up to election day if he wants to carry
Ohio.”

Of course Mr. Lentz said “Bill a rg
It is one of the Congressman’s charmi ite
to abuse the President of the United 8 \.

Gov. Roosevelt went to sleep early an groe
early, At Carrollton, reached at 7 o’qlock,
a delegation from Kansas City boarde: the
train, wearing gorgeous bade inner ibe
“Kansas welcomes the Pough Fiider " The
delegation consisted of Mayor William Warner,
W. 5S. Dickey, W. B.C. Brown, P. 8. Brown,
Jr, Wallace Love, C. H. Nearing, w was
a classmate of Gov. Roosevelt; C. W, ke
and Nat Barnes, ex-Mavor of Kanaaa City,

In the course of the morning Coaen
Lentz paid a visit to Gov. et fhe
Governor recetved him cordially an ey
talked together for afew minutes. Gov. Roose-
velt asked Mr. Lentz abont the question of re
affirming the 16 to 1 plank or repeating !t. Mr,
Lentz said he was in favor of reaffirming and

would not consider It a weakening on the silver
question,

HEAT OF THE KITCHEN.

Anything that promises to materially reduce
the heat of the kitchen merits prompt and
earnest investigation.

Never was there a better or more sppropeiate
time to settle any doubts as to the relative ad-
vantages of Coal and Gas for cooking than in
the present heated term

Probably you know now al] there is to ener

and al! you want to know about Co
and dust, the extra work it rakes, and {te gen-

   

eral joconvenionce:; but what do you know,
personally, about Gas? (hat is, for cooking
purposes?

Do you ren\ize the midsummer pleasure of not
being obliged to start a fire till (he moment ft ts
wanted, and of being able lo put It out the very
instant you ice through? Of surplus heat thus

| reduced to the minimum, and trouble to the
} striking of amateh? no dirt, no dust-—the coal
j seuttie t anished to the hnivo of | hings lorgot-
| ten?

‘Oh, ves, bal, you see, Gas coats 80 much

/ more than Coal.”

That's just where vou are mistaken. Gas is
atleast jo percent. the cheaper the two, and
it will not take six months to prove it. You can

rent agasrange for that time for $1.4, Why
not make the experiment?—Adv,