0 STRADDLE ON SILVER.
an INSISTS ON AN SBXPLICIT
PLANK IN THE PLATFORE.

 

 

 

senator ill Having Fatle€d to Ohange the
Candidate's Determination Mr. Kerr of
pennsylvania Was Seat to Make a Last
Appeal—All Willing to ReaMirm the Chi-
cage Platform or te Put fa a Free Cotnage
plank if Only the Ratio Is Left Out-A
Boom for Danforth fer Vice President.

Kansas CITY, July 2,—Amid all the tumult to-
day the best and most exalted sentiment that
bas been expreesed was that of Dr. John A.
Girdner of New York city to a group of
Democrats {n the Ooates House imme-
dately after the return of the Hon. David
B, Hill from hts flying trip and midnight

noe with William Jennings Bryan
at Lincoln, Some of the Democrata
qbo surrounded Dr. Girdner seemed to think
thet Col. Bryan was acting in most autocratic
fashion. Some of these Democrats even spoke
of Mr. Bryan as a boes of bosses, They recalled

all of the Bryan newspapers, since
the Philadelphia Republican National Con-
vention and for four long years, have
spoken of the Hon. Marous A. Hanna
as the greatest boss the politicians have ever
geen in America, These Democrats and these
Democratic newspapers have ignored the fact
that the Aon. Mathew Stanley Quay of
Pennsyivania and the Hon. Thomas Collier
Platt of New York stood the Hon. Marous
A. Hanna upon his head at Philadelphia
and compelled him to accept Gov. Theodore
Roosevelt of New York as the Vice-Presidential
running mate with President MoKinley. Dr.
Girdner is the personal friend of Col. Bryan;
heisa Bryan man heartand soul. He believes
{n every syllable and comma and period of the
Chicago platform of 1896, and turning to his
Democratio critics he said with great emphasis:

“Bryan was appointed by God to be the
jeader of the Democratio party, and he is to
Jead the party out of darkness, just as Moses
was selected by God to lead the children of
Israel out of Egypt. Those are my senti-
ments, gentlemen. Bryan and his friends be-
long to the new Democracy, and he will
pretty soon find out what the new Democracy
means. We are not going to shilly-shally every
four years and jump from one principle to
another for expediency eake. A principle is
eternal. If free eilver at 16 to 1 was
sound principle and high politicos in 1996 so
{t tg in 1000, and let me tell you, gentlemen, that
the new Democracy will have no more of this
shily-shallying and no more of these politi-
cians who are politicians because they are poli-
tidans and not becausa they arestatesmen, and
who belleve always that a principle is merely
adhered to for expedienoy’s sake.”

The Democrats who surrounded Dr. Girdner
smiled at his determination, but they could not
bat admit that the Dootor believed in his soul
every word that he had uttered. Noman can
tell here of the smothered wrath among
the Democratic leaders. No man can ex-
press on paper the deep feeling of sen-
timent in the hearte of many Democrats
who for the last four years have stuck close to
Bryan night and day. Now, forsooth, they
seem to think they have an opportunity to win
{in this Presidential contest, but they say that
they cannot winif a specific declaration for free
silver at the ratio of 16 to 1 is retained in the
platform. So they wish to sugarooat this
free silver doctrine for the purpose of attracting
back the Democrats who left the party in 1896.
They believe that by subterfuge or by subter-
ranean methods theyfcan win back these Demo-
crats. The politicians who areattempting to do
this here, in the estimation of many, have put a
sad commentary upon the intelligence of the
voters of the United States.

Still it could be said that the Democrats who
have followed Bryan through his fortunes in
the last six years, including two years before he
was nominated at Chicago, are very greatly
disturbed over what they call his bullheaded
tenacity in sticking to free silver at 16to1. No
man to-night can foresee what is going to be
the outcome of these feelings.

The Hon. David B. Hill returned from his
trip to Lincoln at 1:30 this afternoon. He had
travelled fifteen hundred miles from New York
and had journeyed four hundred miles to and
from Linooln in addition in the hot, broiling
sun. Only those who have travelled all the
way from New York city to attend this conven-
tlon can tell of its discomforte—the terrible
heat, the sleepless nights and the utter depres-
sion which has come to them after the trip.
But Mr. Hill, in obedience to the letter which
Mr. Bryan had sent to him, and at the request
of Chairman Jones and others, decided to
visit Mr. Bryan at Lincoln and have a talk.
Everybody knew just how Mr. Hill stood before
he went toLincoln and everybody knows just
where he stands to-night. He and all of
the other Democrats of New York State
stand upon the platform which was adopted by
the Democratic State Convention in the Acad-
emy of Music nearly a month ago. That called
for areaffirmation of the Chicago platform of
18% and nothing more. Mr. Hiil said this after-
noon, on his return from his visit to Mr. Bryan:

“Mr. Bryan and I made asolemn compact
that we would not disclo-e what occurred be-
tween us. You know I am not acoustomed to
breaking my wordin my dealings with public
men. I have nothing to say at the moment.
Yet I may say something for publication to-
night.”

Mr. Hill said to-night at 9 o’clock that he
would defer any proposed publication until
to-morrow, and even then he might not say
anything. He wished to discuss matters with
some of the prominent Democrats here before
taking any step. As a matter of fact, Mr.
Bryan would not recede one step from his de-
mand fora specific mention of freesilver at
16to1 inthe present platform, just as it was in
the Chicago platform of 1896.

The first man to call on ox-Senator Hill after
his return from Lincoln was ex-Gov. John P.
Altgeld of Illinois, Mr, Altgeld {is not a
delegate-at-large or even a district
delegate in this convention, but he
fs a powerful factor in the Democratic
politics of the middle Weatern ‘States. Mr. Alt-
geld had a long talk with Mr. Hill and when he
left Mr. Hill his face was rather solemn. Mr.
Altgeld hag not broken his neck for Bryan
for a year now, for the reason that
Mr Bryan on his visit to Chicago
in July a year ago recognized Carter Harrison
as the great Democrat of Illinois. That was
the result of a three-cornered fight for Mayor a
year ago last spring. Mr. Altgeld ran as an in-
dependent Democratic candidate for Mayor of
Chicago, and yet Carter Harrison, the candidate
of the regulars, got a majority over Altgeld
and the Republican candidate, It was John
P Altgeld who discovered William Jennings
Brran in 1804. It was Altgeld who groomed
him for the Presidency. But at that
time Mr, Altgeld was the great high mucky-
muck of Democratic politics in the State of

lilinols, and Mr. Altgeld, old a bird as
he is in polities, seemed to think
that Mr. Bryan was ungrateful when he

turned upon the man who had made him and
recognized Carter Harrison, the Democrat who
had unseated Altgeld. But that’s politics.
There is no more sentiment about Bryan poli-
les than there isany other kind of politics.
Mr. Altgeld said that he had merely called upon
Mr. Hiil to pay his respects. That he had been
&n old personal friend of Mr. Hill’sand @ great
Admirer of him. This seemed funny to the
men who remember Altgeld’s conduct at
the convention in Chicago in 1896,
Who. when David B, Hill was named for
temporary chairman of that convention
went in with Bryan's friends and put
that stamp of humiliation upon the brow
of David B. Hill by rejecting him in
the convention and electing in his place the
Hon. John W, Daniel of Virginia, Mr. Hill
Ftald inthe convention at the time :# a dele-
€Ateat-large from the State of New York and
*awthe work of Bryan's chief manager, the
Hon. John P. Altgeld of Chicago. Still new
exigencies have arisen, Mr. Altgeld said:

T have had @ very pleasant interview with

|

—————— ne ce

     
 
 

the money plank in this platform must be
strong and explicit or we will al) be destroyed.
We must not take one step which will destroy
us with our own friends, and we must not per-
= the opposition to acouse usof being nin-
nies.

“This is very delicate situation. We do not
Want to go to pieces in our own ranks, and we
must not do anything whioh will excite the
ridicule of the oppositin. Again I say, the
money plank must be clear and explicit.”

“Do you mean, Gov. Altgeld, that there must
be a specific declaration in favor of free silver
@t 16to 1?" the great Chicago Democrat was
asked.

“Well, well,” replied Gov. Aligeld, ‘‘thatisa
pretty direot question, of course. Well, I will
say in answer to that; yes; we should have an
explicit declaration for free silver at 16 to1if

my friend Mr. Hill. You know I believe that

eminent statesman sald, “Lets all go to Hell in
a hand basket,”

Ohio would like to present the name of A. W.
Patriok for Vice-President, the man who ran
for Lieutenant-Governor lest fall with the Hon.
John R. McLean. He is a brother-in-law of the
late Joseph Medill and known allover Obioas Abe
Patrick, But the Ohioans, they say, will be
content togive Mr. Patrick merely a compli-
mentary vote, It was regarded as very signifi-
cant here to-night when the Nebraska delega-
tion, headed by W. D. Oldham, who is to
present Mr. Bryan's name for renomination in
the convention, met and decided that the dele-
gation would stand fast and forever for the Chi-
cago platform of 1896 in every particular and
in every detail, Still, it should be said
that most of the prominent Democrats
whose names are mentioned in this article
are not without hope that at the lasi moment

by noother words or by no other expression | they may be able to influencs Mr. Bryan to

we can't make our meaning as clear and ex-
plicit. We have got to fix this platform to sult
Mr. Bryen.”

“Gov. Altgeld, it has been said that you are
opposed to the selection of Mayor Rose of Mil-
waukee to be temporary chairman of the con-
vention.”’

“Well,” replied Gov. Altgeld, “I don't know
about that, Mr. Rose is a very peculiar person.
He has been jumping aboard this band wagon
and that band wagon the last year or so and
has finally jumped aboard the Bryan band
wagon. I suppose it is all right, but ite rather
pecullar to me, and I don’t know whether I
will oppose him or not.”’

No sooner had Gov. Altgeld left Mr. Hill than
the Hon. Elliott Danforth of New York came in
By the way there has been quite a boom for Mr.
Danforth to-day for Vice-President. All the
Southerners and a great many of the
Westerners believe that the nomination should
0 to New York State, but they are notatal
agreed that ex-Gov. Hill is the man. Agreat
many individual delecates are friendly to Hill,
but there is no cohesion to his boom, and
{t is doubtful if a single delegation could
be obtained for Hill. But there is no
objection to Mr. Danforth. He has not been out
in the full sunburst of Democratio national
politics and has not had the white heat beat
upon him. He has not been like Mr. Hili, a

leader of the Democratic party of the Empire |

State for fifteen years. He has occupied no
place that can attract deep animosities or keen
criticiams. So Mr. Danforth's boo'n soon as-
a\med good proportions to-day. This was

in the face of the fact that the iMis-
stesippians and the Virginians, the
Weet Virginians, the Tennessee Demo-
crates, some of the Marylanders, and

in fact eome of the Indiana folks thought and
said right out thet Alabama should put Mr.
Hill’s name before this convention as candidate
for Vice-President. Mr. Hill was informed of
this state of affairs.

“Oh, pshaw,” he said, ‘‘there is nothing to
any boom and never has been. Some of my
New York friends have been kind enough to
say a few words about it, but it never had any
life and there was no intention thatit should
have life.”

Then came the real evidence of what Mr. Hill
faup to, He is hesitating. He does not know
whether to go ahead or not, but in personal
conversations with his friends it is very
apparent that he desires to enter this
convention and make a_ (fight against
Bryan if Bryan continues to insist upon the
specific declaration for free silver at the ratio
of 16 to 1, Yet Mr. Gill would not say
a word as to his intentions. He merely said
that he wished to see Mayor Carter Har
rison of Chicago and Democrata of that
kind before taking any steps. He was de-
barred from any labors to-night, because the
Hon. Daniel J. Campau of Michigan gave a
swell dinner to the members of the Democratic
National Committee. All the members at-
tended, inciuding Chairman James K. Jones of
Arkansas, ex-Gov. William J. Stone of Mis-
sourl, James M. Guffey of Pennsylvania, Ed-
ward 8. Johnson of Kansas, and all the others
who have been very close to William Jennings
Bryan. These men attended this dinner, many
of them in sheer disgust over the situation.

Ata very early hour this morning they de-
spatched to Lincoln Jame: Kerr, who was Clerk
of the House of Representatives in Democratic
days, with the last request that Mr. Bryan
take his hands off from this convention
and allow it to make ‘a platform which would
bring him in a winner.’’ The men who sent Mr.
Kerr to Lincoln were Chairman Jones, ex-Gov.
Stone, Mr. Campau, Mr. Guffey and Mr. John-
son, No five Democrats in the United
States have been warmer friends to Bryan
than these, and yet up to a late hour to-
night they had received no reply whatever from
Mr. Kerr and they believe that Mr. Bryan will
insist upon the specific mention of the silver
declaration. These five men do not talk out
loud, but like all the others who have believed
that the silver declaration snould be shunted
aside because of political expediency they are
deeply chagrined at the situation.

Now comes the point. There is not a single one
of these men who does not say in personal con-
versation that if left to itself this convention
would merely reaffirm the Chicago platform
and let it go at that. But will they make
afight? Thatis the question that is heard on
all sides to-night, and there is no answer to it.
Some say that Mr. Bryan should be allowed
to have his own way, and as one of them
said: “Let the party go to hell and
then we will have a fine old reorganization,
and Bryan will have led us to political destruc-
tion twice.” Others declare that there should
be a fight made against Mr. Bryan's attitude in
the Committee on Resolutions, and that already
a good, strong working majority of the Com-
mittee on Resolutions could be obtained to In-
sist upon a plank merely reaffirming the Chi-
cago platform.

But to recur to Mr. Hill. Immediately after
Mr. Danforth left Hill, in marched the Indiana
delegation, headed by Major (. V.
Menzies of Mount Vernon, Posey
county, Ind. He Is a gfighter§ from
Fighterstown. He is chairman of the
Indiana delegation. He is a delegate-at-
large from the Hoosier State and was flanked
by James N. Murdock, also a delegate at large
for the State and another good Indiana fighter
Major Menzies drew the platform for the Dein-
ocratic party which was adopted at the State
Convention held in Indianapolis t wo weeks ago
He drew from his pocket a copy of the money
plank of that convention and read it to Mr.
Hill. This plank reads:

“We reaffirm and pledge our allegiance to
the principles of the Chicago platform of 1896,
and commend its distinguished exponent,
William Jennings Bryan, to the people of the
United States as an able statesman, @ sincere
patriot and an honest man, who can safely be
trusted to stand at all times far the people and
againat their foes at home and abroad."’

Mr. Hill discussed the situation with Major
Menzies and Mr. Murdock and a preliminary
understanding was reached by which the New
York and the Indiana delegations shall work in
harmony. Late to-night there is little
doubt but that Mr. Hill is to be the New
York member of the Committee on Resolutions.
The Indiagians said that Benjamin F. Shively
was out of the race entirely for Vice-President
and that the Hoosier State had no candidate.
Mr. Hill laughingly replied: ‘What's
the matter with our friend Danfort here?”
and both Major Menzies and Mr. Murdock
said that he appeared to be quitea likely citi-
zen, Thencame a brisk lot of Ohioans, who
declare that they are for the reaffirmation of
the Chioago platform and do not care
to go a step further. Delegates from Kansas,
Arkansas, Missourt and Iowa also called upon
Mr. Hill. Meantime the Silver Republicans had
sent a delegation headed by Senator Teller,
Senator Pettlarew and ex-Senator Dubois
down tosee the Hon, Richard Croker at the
Midland Hotel to discuss with Mr. Croker the
possibility of the New York delegation taking
up Charles A. Towne as a Vice-Presidential
candidate.

As a matter of fact neither Mr. Croker, Mr. Hill
nor anybody elsefis interested ina Vice-Presi-
dential boom here to-night. They are all talk-
ing about whether they shall make a fight fora
mere reaffirmation of the Chicago platform of
4006, or swallow their wrath, and, as one

eee

|
|

|
|
|

|

|
|

|

allow this convention to make the piatform
upon which he is tostand. But Mr. Bryan sits
off there in Lincoln in his quiet home and he
knows that he is master of the situation and
that this convention's machinery is controlled
by his little finger.

The Hon. James K, McGuire, Mayor of Syra-
cuse, and the Hon. Eugene Hughes of Syra-
couse, recently elected treasurer of the Demo-
cratic State Committee of New York, who came
back from Lincoln with Mr Hill, were around
to-night. Of course neither Mr. McGuire nor Mr.

Hughes would tell anything about their
visit to Lincoln. It transpires, though,
from friends with whom they talked

that Mr. Bryan read to Mr. Hill a draft of the
platform which isto be adopted by this con-
vention, that is, if there is no fight
made againat Mr. Bryan's wishes. In the firat
place Mr. Bryan's platform speaks againat im-
perialiam and then discusses militarism, takes
up trusts, and it says about the money plank
substantially thes» words: ‘We hereby declare
unreservedly for the free and unlimited coinage
of silver at the ratio of 16 toi.”

ARRIVAL OF DELEGATES.

Some Are for Hill for Vice-President and All
for Free Silver.

Kansas Orry, July 2—Mayor David N. Rose
of Milwaukee, candidate for temporary chair-
man of the convention, arrived hero to-day
at the head of the advance guard of the Wls-
comin delegation. He was accompanied by
J. M. Clancy of Madison, who holds National
Committeeman Wall's proxy. Mayor Rose
said that he didn't know enough about the
situation to make any declaration in regard
to the Vice-Presidency

“T have had but little communication with
the other members of the delegation,” sald the
Mayor, “and | don't want to say anything un-
til we have had a talk about the situation, Hill
has friends wherever you find Democrata,
but we can't do anything until the delegation
arrives to-morrow night, Then we will talk
the whole situation over,”

Mr. Clancy wasn't so modest as Mayor Rose
He wants to have Hill nominated, and eaid that
he thought a majority of the delegation felt
the same way ‘

Gov. Charles S. Thomas of Colorado brought
his wife with him and had nice things to say
about ox-Congressman Towne

“Our delegation will vote as a unit,” said

| ‘THE SUN, TU
TO DODGE OR NOT TO DODGE

ee

|

 

 

THAT 18 THE QUESTION PUZZLING
THE PLATFORM MAKERS.

 

It Is Pozaling Bryan Just as Much as It Dods
the Delegates in Kansas City--The Dele-
gates From Twenty-six States Are for
Straddling—It Seems to Be a Question as
to Which Will Cost the Least Votes, (to
Straddle on Free Silver or Come Oat
Openly for It-The Battle Waged Over It.

Hansas City, July 2.--Platform making at
Kansas City is not so easy as it was at Phila-
delphia two weeks ago. There isalso the differ-
ence that there the fight about what should be
in the platforin took place after the document
was framed. Here the battle is in advance,
and it is a most bitter and persistent one, The

Republican platform through the carelessnes |

or stupidity, to put it mildly, of those in im-

mediate charge of it failed to state the attitude |

of the party on one or two important questions
of the Administration’s policy, but
sion was supphed by the prepared speeches
of the temporary and permanent chauwmen
of the convention, Senators Wolcott and
Lodge. There can be, therefore, no misunder-
standing as to what the principles of the Repub-
lican party are or as to its attitude on vital public
questions. Everything is clear and explicit,

That is the way W. J. Bryan, the peerless
leader of the Democratic party, wants the
Kansas City platforin to be. But the question
is, will he timid leaders of the various State
delegations, who want to throw their Popu-
listic allies overboard and hedge on the silver
question, let hin have his way? That question
cannot be aswered with positiveness just yet.

The pilgrims returning from VLinooln have
different tales to tell. One describes the peer-
less and fearless leader as sitting in his humble
home and with a look of lofty inspiration upon
his noble brow saying to all comers:

“T must stand by my principles and by the
principles of those who have given me their
votes. I prefer defeat to surrender and cannot
yield to the appeals of those who would have me
be either a traitor or a coward or both in order to
harmonize the party. No, no, my cause is
just,and sink or swiin,survive or perish, Lcannot
consent to any prograjnme that contemplates
anything lees thana positive and unequivocal
declaration in favor of the free coinage of sil-
ver at the ratio of 16 to 1.”

Other pilgrims while referring with equal
eloquence to the lofty inspiration and the noblo
brow are less certain tho feariess leader's de-
vyotion to principle will cause him to remain
true to it at the risk of offending those votes
which will probably control the action of the
convention and whose watchword to-day is
“Dodge.” It is an awful jumble that has re-
sulted from the conflicting views of this ante-
convention crowd, the presiding genius of which
is at Lincoln, Neb., and the rank and file here
in Kansas City, About two hundred miles of
railroad connect the two cities, and back and
forth between them go the self-appointed
emissaries, every one of whom so far has gone
to plead the dodging plan and not one to urge
the peerless leader to stand by his colors. They
think he will do that without a word from them.

this omis

Gov. Thomas, “and | can't speak for it, but | Opinion is just about equally divided as to
personally I am on very friendly terms with | whether Bryan's backbone will weaken or

Mr. Towne. We shall insist on the reaffirma-
tion of the Chicago platform, and also upon
the specific mention of the ratio of 16 to1. We
cannot do more or less than that.”

Gov. Thomas is one of the candidates for
temporary chairman. He would not discuss
this further than to say that the position was
one of much honor, which he would accept if it
should be offered to hin.

The West Virginia delegation held an infor-
mal conference to-day and decided to present
the name of Col, John T. McGraw for Vioe-
President. The delegates had some talk among
themselves about the platform. The prevail-

| Ing sentiment among them all seemed to be that

A

the financial plank should favor the free coln-
age of silver, but that nothing should be said
about the ratio.

Tennessee's delegation, speaking through
R. R. Carmack of Nashville, declared ita prefer-
enoe for David B. Hill as the Vice-Presidential
candidate. Next to him Shiveley is the choice
of the delegates. The delegates don't care
much how the financial plank is worded, ro long
as it declares for the tree coin of silver, an
they are not particular whether the ratio is putin
or not

R. L. Metealf, the editor of the Omaha World-
H-rald, one of the delegates-at-large from
Nebraska, who is alated for that State's repre-
sentative on the Committee of Resolutions,
made this statement about the platform yester-
day:

“It ia my Intention in the Committee on Reso-
lutions to urge that the financtal plank of the
Chicago platform be reaffirmed and repeated
I don’t mean that it is neceseary to use the
same words, but the spirit should be preserved,
with none of the force of the declaration lost In
any way. It should declare for 16 to 1 without
regard to the action of any other nation.”

Mr. Metcalf also wantastrong anti-impertalism
and pro-Boer planks.

Arthur Sewall, National Committeeman from
Maine, who was Bryan's running pee in tape,
arrived to-day. He ja in favor of having the
convention tell what its exact wish is in regard
to the coinage of silver. He believes that if
the delegates want silver coined at the ratio of
16 to 1 they should say so definitely, and exactly
ao that there can be no mistake as to its real
attitude.

The Connecticut delegates who have arrived
are in favor of the explicit free silver plank,
but they are not ina humor to insist very strongly
on anything, much less to ralse a row over fie
matter .

To-day 280 delegates to the Negro National
Conference, to be held here this week, arrived
President James A. Rose of the league and chair-
man of the National Association of Democratic
Clubs ia one of the Sulzer boomers, He an-
nouneed to-day that more negroes would vote
for the Democratic party this year than had
ever voted the ticket before

 

CROKER A CENTRE OF INTEREST.

State Delegations Call on Him and He Talks
on the Issues of the Campaign.

Kanaas (rity, July 2.-The Hon. Richard
Croker was in good humor this afternoon when
various State delegations called on him in his
room at the Midland, and now and then he did
not hesitate to give some advice and to tell the
visitors what he thought of the New York situ-
ation, He said frankly, for the first time, that
New York preferred not to have any ratio men-
tioned in the platform. To the Missouri delega-
tion he said

“Gentlemen, I wish to say something about
New York's attitude on the silver question, The
newspapers have printed many false reports
as coming from me so I want to talk clearly so
as not to ba misunderstood. If the ratio is
left entirely out it would be a great benefit to
us in New York State, However, should it
be demonstrated that it ts going to injure in
certain States In the West, we will stand by
any declaration, Anything to elect Mr. Bryan
even if it is 1.900 to 1.” oy

Twenty-five Kansans called on him later,
headed by A. M. Jackson, the candidate for
Congress in the Third Kansas district, Jack-
son introduced the delegations, There was an
awkward pause, Finally Judge Jackson broke
the fee, saying

“Mir. Croker, these are Kansas Democrats,
come to pay their respects to the biggest Dem-
ocrat of New York.”

“Oh, I don’t know that I am so big aa all that,”
he said, surveying Judge Jackson's stocky
stature.

“You are not so bad looking, either,” David
Overmeyer, one of the delegation, observed.

“Not so bad as I have been painted,” sald
Mr. Croker.

“Well, you are a g@reat deal better looking
than I expected to find,” Mr. Brandenburg
said, in deep bass tones,

This caused Mr, Croker to laugh heartily,
and a fire of questions began,

“Yes, we of New York believe a apecific dec-
laration of ratio ought to be left out. To put
it in would mean the loss of a few thousand
votes in New York, but still we want to do the
best thing for the whole party. If by putting
it In we would gain more elsewhere than we
would lose in New York, then by all means put
itin. Iam in favor of any good man for Vice-
President, Verv little depends on the second
place on the ticket, Men will vote for Bryan
regardiess of second place. In New York we
have no particular choice. We have eight or
ten candidates in New York, you know.”

“How about Towne?” @ Kansan

asked.
“Oh, I guess w ht find a be 1"
ora’. than“towne: dou't you think #0

Se ene See eee oo a Ok eae Ales

bh

|

|

 

stand straight, but whatever happens the fact
will not be lostsightof that his nomination on

whatever sort of platform may be constructed
will mean that Bryanism and Populism
are «till militant in the Democratic party and
that the cause of Bryan means the cause of
the Free Coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1.

If there is any doubt as to what the attitude
of the close political and personal friends of
Bryan is , it can be dispelled by reading what
one of the most prominent free silver Demo-
erata inthe West says. fis clean cut views are
found in an article in this morning's Aanece
City Times signed by its editor, A. A. Lesseur.
These are extracts from what his article in
double leads says about Bryan and his atti-
tude upon the financial situation:

“The people have leaned to know and to honor
and trueat Mr. Bryan. | It is foreign, therefore,
to his character to deal in subterfuges and eva-
sions, What he means he means. What he
stands for he stands for. The man having
been chosen in advance, the important con-
sideration which is left is the platform upon
which he is to make the campaign. Four
courses are suggested: First, a refusal to indorse
the Chieago platform—that was the earliest
demand made by the (told Democrats; secon
that we reaftirm the Cnicago platform withou
epacifically mentioning the money question-—
that was the next demand made by the Gold
Denocrats when they found they oould not
poorer the reaffirmation of the Chicago nlat-
orm. third, that the silver question owcht to
be referred to, but that the ratio should either
not be mentioned or so alluded to us to avoid
a specific atatement of 16 to 1; fourth, a restate-
ment of the plank of 1896, including the words
18 tol.

It is the duty of the great convention to
stand squarely upon the financial principles
laid down in Chicago, fought for upon every
fleld and forum and oherished in the hearts
of the rank and file of the Democratic party.
There should be a clear and distinct reaffirma-
tion of the Chicago platform, a restatement
of the position of the party on the income
tax and financial questions. The latter should
mention apeciten’y that the Democratic party
is opposed to monometallism and that it de-
mands the free and unlimited coinage of both
silver and gold at the present legal ratio of
16 to 1 without waiting for the aid or consent
of any other nation.

“Everybody knows that Mr. Bryan on the
money question is in favor of the free and
aimited coinage of silver and gold at the
ratio of 16 to 1 without waiting the consent
of any other country. [It is true that upon
this point he is a platform in himself, but as
sure as the Democratic Convention remains
contented to reaffirm the Chicago platform
without the restating of free coinage at 16
to} just so sure will the Republican and gold
newspapers immediately declare that the
cause of silver has been abandoned

“The experience of the last few days, in
comments upon the position taken by promi-
nent Democrats, proves this statement beyond
peradventure, In other words, if we state
that question and leave out the ratio we will
at once be accused of abandoning the ratio
If while omitting the words 16 to 1 we use words
whieh mean the same thing, we will not gain
the support of any intelligent gold man and
we will be under the necessity of explaining
why we avoid the phrase, here could be
but one explanation, that we intend to deceive
those who were opposed to 16 to L.

Are we to go into the campaign with our
standard bearer apologizing for the platform
upon which he stands or endeavoring to ex-
plain away its meaning? A mere insertion or
omission of certain words which will not in fact
change the position of the party will not repel
or attract gold Democrats, but anything whieh
savors of an abandonment by the Democratic
party of its position on the money question will
disgust ond drive away from us thousands of
earnest, loyal Democrats and will alienate our
silver allies, To gain one friend in one direc-
tien we will lose ten in another.’

This ia just the argument that the Free Silver
Republicans and the Populists are making
and it is unquestionably the argument that
has taken fast hold of Mr. Bryan's mind and
that so far has resisted all the assaults of the
“Compromisers” who would dislodge it. He
knows that without the support of his Pop-
uliat allies his ease is already lost, and yet those
who would have him desert his colors tell him
that he would gain more than he could pos-
sibly lose by throwing the radicals overboard.

It ia a fact easily demonstrated by figures
that the delegates from about twenty-six States
have come to believe that the one hope of Demo-
craticsuccess lies inthe’dodging process, These
delegates, it ia true, come in large part from
States that are almoet if not quite safely Repub-

lean.

Mr. Dubois has one little alternative propo-
sition which he is carefully nursing and which,
if it should he accepted by the dodgers, would
make them willing to have the platform reaffirm
that adopted at Chicauo in 1896.

This alternative plan contemplates the nom-
ination of Bryan and Towne by the Free Silver
Convention which also meets here Wednesday,
and then to have the Democratic Convention
accept the ticket already named by the Popu-
lista. Then. it would make no diference, AC.
cording to the Free Silver-Populist view, what
the Democratic platform might say. Bryan
and Towne would in themselves be the slate
form and the voters would understand that in
casting their ballots for them they would be
voting for free silver coinage, Income tax, anti-
expansion and everything advocated by the
Populists in and out of thelr party platforms.

BRYAN WILL HAVE HIS WAY.

The Platform Will Demand Free Coinage of
Gold and Silver at the Legal Ratio.

Lincoun, Neb., July 3—Mr. Bryan is to have
his way about it. There will be specific men-
tlon of free silver in the Kansas City platform.
There will be no concession worthy the name
made to the Eastern Democracy. This much
is conceded by every Democrat of prominence
in the city to-day. Most of these Democrats
came direct from Kansas City for the purpose
of talking with Mr. Bryan about the platform.

ESDAY, JULY 3,

 

1900.

   

The most prominent one to-day was ex-Con-
gressman James Kerr of Clearfield, Pa.,
Secretary of the Democratic National
Congressional Committee. Mr. Kerr came
here for the purpose of telling Mr. Bryan that
a poll of the delegations by Congress districta
showed an overwhelming majority for mere
reafMfirmation without specific mention. Mr.
Kerr, with ex-Congressman Mutchler of Easton
| and Mayor Fritchey of Harrisburg, took dinner
; with Mr. Bryan and spent the afternoon with
| him, After his return Mr. Kerr said:

“Things are shaping up well and the con-
struction of the platform is practically decided.
| It will reaffirm the Chicago platform and have
|

 

an additional plank specifically favoring the
free coinage of silver at the legal ratio, as it
will also have an additional! plank on the trust
question.”
Mr. Kerr was decidedly enthusiastic over the
prospect for harmony on all questions at Kan-
sas Citv, and the probability of Bryan's ulti-
| mate election, with a comfortable working
majority in the Houae to assist him.

“Nine hundred votes properly distributed
will give us the House" he said. “Then think
of this, too: In 1806 Bryan, then almost un-

known, without any organization of any par-
fieular worth back of him, with the gold wing
of the party against him and in power, which
Was worse than having the Republican party

in power, he obtained a greater vote than any
man who had ever been elected before that
time. He is sure to be elected this fall. The
opposition is trying to make ont that there
is a flght against the money plank of the Chi-
cago platform, but as a matter of fact the op-

Position is very limited. Sixteen to one is
not an issue between factions of the Demo-
eratic party We are all for bimetallism at
the legal ratio. A!ll the old) Democrats are

coming back to us. They will all be for Bryan
this fall, with very few exceptions, and those
exyeeptions you can count on the fingers of
one hand. The questions that will absorb
the attention of the people this fall will be trusts
and imperialism. We might come out and
stand on the money plank alone, and yet these
two other issues would arise for consideration
and would have to receive attention. As to
the Vice-Presidency, our delegation has not
had a meeting yet and I can't say just where
we will stand, but personally [ ani quite fav-
orable to Shively Our State platiorm  re-
affirmed the Chicago platform: without a spe-
cifle reiteration of the money plank, but we
will stand for reiteration at Kansas City.”

Mr. Hill, Mr. MoGuire and Mr. Hughes left
at an early hour this morning for Kansas City
Not a word would either say about the con-
Terence of last night. Mr. Bryan was equally
silent to the reporters, but he gave a acod clue
to what his ultimatum was in his first open-
alr speech of the campaign — This speech was
delivered to the Colorado delegation, which
called upon him, 15 strong, this morning.
Tt was the dedication of his new trout poreh.
The delegation was headed by a band dressed
in Indian costumes. Alter a felicitous address
by the chairman of the delegation, Mr. Bryan
said in part

“Tam sure that Colorado people are no more
anxious for the realization of the principles of
the Democratic platform than are the people of
many other States, But I want to sav to you
that when Colorado forsakes the principle of
| 16 to 1, and when the peopie have ceased in their

support of the principle, T will be found still
fighting, even though alone. The Republicans
held thelr National Convention at Philadelphia
on the anniversary of the founding of their
party, thereby exhibiting a partisan spirit.
The Democrats hold their convention in Kan-
sas City on July 4, the anniversary of the birth
of the nation, thereby manifesting a patriotic
spirit. The Republicans would repeal the
Deciaration of Independence; the Denocraus
would reaffirm it everywhere through the
world, There ig one great principle to be fought
in the coming campaign, and that is whether or
not the dollar shall be placed above the man.
Whenever man and the dollar come in confijet
the Republican party standa for the dollar
first; the Democrats stand for the man. Where
there was one reason in 1806 for carrying Colo-
rado for the Democratic ticket, there are six-
teen reasons now. The Democratic party
stands for the aame principles in the North as
well as in the South, the East as well asin the
West. Ours is a party where its speakers do
not have to revise their speeches for each eec-
tion of the country they visit.”
When Mr. Bryan concluded some enthusi-
asts suggested t cheers and a tiger for him.
They were given with a will and so well that
another demanded a repetition.
One old gentleman as he shook the hand of
fr. Bryan whispered determinedly in his ear:
“aE oe this yeas oF Mit Bry
- no,” respon Mr. an with as mile,
“if we don't win this Une we will the next.”
David B. Hill and Bryan were closeted tn
Mr. Bryan's home last htfrom 9 o'clock
until nearly midnight, and the only _ indi-
cation of what occurred was contained in a
telephone message from Mr. Hill to a grou
of newspaper men at the Lincoln Hotel, whic
was. “The s oe court has been sit
two hours and has not changed its indivi ual
opinion.”

John M. Tomlinson of Alabama, a delegate-
at-large and chairman of the Nation Hine
tallic League, was here to-day to see Mr. Bryan.
He said:

“The bimetallists will not insist on giving
the currency any more prominence in the plat-
on than the question of imperialism or trusta,

ut will insiat on a specific declaration for the
independent coinage of gold and silver at the
existing legal rate of 16 to 1.”

A part of the lowa delegation to Kansas
City passed through Omaha to- or en route
to the convention. Charies Bullock of Geni-
son, a district delegate, was spokesman for
the party. He said that while no concerted
action had been taken by the delegation, the
feeling among ite members is that Iowa will
prefer some other man than Towne for the

ice- Presidency. e delegation will bea
solid for some New York man, herays, who
is in harmony with Bryan, and who worked
for him in 1896,
“Does that statement exclude Hill?” he was
asked:

“Yes it cannot be said that Hill worked for
Bryan in 1806," he vegies 7 Oo not think
the lowa delegation will support Hill.”
Upon being informed that Hill had come
to Lineoln to see Mr. Bryan, Mr. Bullock said:
"Of course, if Mr. Hill is acceptable to Mr.
Bryan that will put a different face on the
matter, but we would be better satisfied with
some other man.”
Upon hearing this remark J. B. Roman of
Denison, la, a Silver Republican, also en
route to the convention with the lowa delega-
tion, spoke up:
“LT would oppose Hill under any cireum-
stances, und believe Silver Republicans all
over the country would do the same.”
Miss Ruth Bryan, aceompanied by Miss
Helen Weleh of this city, will leave on Tues-
day afternoon for Kansas City, where they
will be the gueete of Mrs. Matthew A. Foster,
Miss Bryan expects to witness the nomina-
tion of her father
It is confidently asserted to-night that Mr.
Bryan was successful in. securing from Mr,
Hilla definite promise of his active support,
Mr. Bryan ia crecited with having a copy of the
first draft of the platform, prepared by ex-Gov.
Stone of Missouri. The firat plank deals with
im; erlaliam in vigorous terms of opposition
thus making it the leading issue. The secon

———— eee
uw

plank is anti-trust, declaring — private
monopolies as intolerable and indefen-
sible, The third plank is on mili-

tarism and opposes a large standing army
and points out the dangers menacing trom this
source. The fourth plank condenses in.as brief
a form as possible the declaration for free
coinage of silver and zo'd ati6 to t. AS com-
pared with either of the preceding planks it is
very short, tbe disproportion being almost
abnormal, Government by injunction — is
opposed, direct legislation favored, arbitration
recommended as the only settlement for labor
troubles and blacklisting denounced An
amendment to the Federal Constitution spe-
citleally authorizing the impostion of an
income tax is favored. As the story goes,
Bryan read this platform to Hill and asked his
orinion as to each plank. This is the merest
wueaswork, however, The conference was held
behind closed doors, and neither gentleman
would or has talked
bet ween them

The trend of talk on the Vice-Pre-idency to-
day hasyjall been in favor of Shively. Mr.
Brvan has taken especial pains to be neutral in
the matter, and while the opinion ts that per-
sonally Mr. Towne is his choice, he has been
desirous to the point of anxiety to avoid any-
thing that would savor of dictation. All candi-
dates look aliketo him, The platform is re-
arded by him asa personal matter, and while
e has insisted that he would not dictate what
it should be, he has persistently maintained
inet it was his right to say what it should not

about what passed

 

HILL RETURNS FROM LINCOLN,

 

Mecte Clark of Montana on the Train and
Baffles More Reporters.

Kansas Cry, July 2.--Just about daylight
this morning Senator Hill, Mayor McGuire of
Syracuse and Eugene Hughes, treasurer of
the Democratic State Central Committee of
New York, were routed out of their beds at
the Lincoln House in Linocln. It wasa rainy,
nasty Nebraska morning, and the party were
whizzed down to the station in an old ark, the
doors of which open like those of a country
hearse. The conveyance was drawn by a
pair of bronchos, and the Jehu sent them along
with swift applications of a long whip. When
the party got to the railway station it madea
bee line for the lunch counter and filled its {n-
dividual and collective self with coffee and
sinkers. After hustling about in the rain for

rr

i
a

 

a half hour it was ascertained that the best car
in which to make the trip was a Pullman, en
route from Portland, Ore., to 8t. Louis.

The party occupied seats in this while Sena-
tor Hill went up ahead and chatted with Dele-
gate Tibbett from Nebraska. Tibbett is a
bosom friend of Bryan and was one of the party
that met Mr. Hill at the station yesterday.
His mission evidently was to find out how Mr.
Hill felt about his interview with Bryan, with
a view of letting Bryan know the result over a
long distance "phone. Senator Hill had a talk,
too, with M. F. Dunlap of Jacksonville, Tl,
the treasurer of the National Committee and
the Democratic nominee for the treasuryship
of Hlinois. Then he joined his friends in the

sleeper and told stories until breakfast time.
The dining car was put on away up the road
some place, and a table reserved for the Sena-
tor and his friends, Senator Hill’s identity
became known and men, women and children
came back to shake hands with him. He was
the object of the greatest curiosity, Senator
Hill is particularly fond of his latest cane, one
made from the old Vice-Presidential desk in
the Senate chamber at Washington.

A change of cars was necessary at St, Joe
and a forty minutes wait followed, The Mon-
tana delegation with the Miners’ Band and
W. A. Clark were in three sleepers, comin
through from the mountains. Clark invite
Senator Hill and his friends to share hie state-
room with him and the Montana delegation
gave Hill three rousing cheers. While the
Senator was in the St. station, the Mia-
sourians, voung and old, male and female,
gathered about him to get a good look at the
big map from New Yor

Mr. Hill was undoubtedly disappointed
over the result of lis interview with William
Jennings Bryan, but neither his face nor man-
ner gave any evidence thereof ark e@X-
plained to Mr. Hill at great length the peculiar
conditions which obtain in. Montana, assur-
ing the Senator that he had carried nineteen
ont of the twenty-four counties in that State.
Clark's car was well-stocked with cigars and
liquid refreshments, not forgetting case after
case of bottles of water from the soda aprings
in Idaho, At the stations down below the
crowd gathered around the window of the
drawing room, wherein Clark and Hill sat.
At Beverly, Mo., one old chap , who ad a long
red beard, reached up his hand to greet the

Senator, remark in y
‘T knowed vou the minute I see'd you, and
I'm mighty glad to see you out tn Missoury
Senator Hill was happy and enjoyed him-
self hugely. Outside of Kansas City, a dogen
or more reporters go! after him to know what
he and Brean talked about last wight. ‘or
fear that they would not get the Senators
remarks correctly, they produce notebooks
ends. To

and lead pencils sharpened at bot
all of them the Senator said:
‘Mr. Brean and | are both agriculturiets
and we talked about chickens and hay and
corn and other things of great moment to the
rural mind.” . s
Some of the renorters’ faces gave evidence
of incredulity, but the Senator, who had run
the gauntlet of reporters at Lincoln, was not
to be baffled now. When the train rolled into
the Kansas City station Senator Hill made his
escape by the rear door of the last car in the
outfit. His private secretary was there to
meet him, and while the crowd was coling
and whooping it up for Clark of Montana an
the Miners’ Band was sending all these “Maroh-
ing Through Georgia” on the side etreet, Gov,
Hill and his secretary got into a carriage and
were driven up to the Coates House quite un-
known,

CLARK'S MONTANA CONTEST.

Sub-Committee of the National Committee
Decides in Favor of His Delegates.

Kansas Crty, July 3--The Montana dele-
gation to the Democratio National Convention,
which is headed by William A. Clark, will be
seated if the Comunittee on Credentials, to be
appointed on Thursday, takes the same view
of the Democratic fight in that State as has
the sub-committee of the Democratic National
Committee. This sub-committee to-night,
after spending the afternoon listening to the
arguments of both sides to the controversy,
decided that the Clark delegates should be
seated. A report to this effect will be made
to the National Committee and the names of
the Clark delegates will go on the preliminary
roll of the convention.

It was said that the sub-committee decided {n
favor of the Clark delegates by a vote of 8 to 2.
From the same source it was learned that Frank
Campbell of New York, H. B. Ferguson of New
Mexico and Adair Wilson of Colorado voted in
favor of the Clark delegates, while Chairman
George Fred Williams of Massachusetts and
Henry D. Clayton of Alabama were in favor of
seating the anti-Clark delegation, headed by
Martin Maginnis.

Both Maginnis and Clark people have nead-
quarters at the Midland House, and aside from
the arrival of David B. Hill here to-day from

his visit to Col. Bryan at Linootn, the most in-
terest in the convention preliminaries was
shown in the Montana fight. While the Com-
mittee on Credentials must pass upon this
contest before the Clark delegates can go on
the permanent roll of the convention it is
likely that the action of the National Com-

rittee will be upheld by the Committee on Cre-

entials. This victory of Mr. Clark means
that, with national recognition at the hands of
his party, his position will be strengthened in
the Aaithe is expected to make to be reélected
lature as United States
Senator, in view of the fact that his credentials
showing his reappointment as Senator by the
Lieutenant-Governor of Montana will be al-
lowed to rest on the table in the United States
Senate at Washington. Major Maginnis and
his friends, however, are not 80 sanguine as
Clark and his followers that Clark can secure
a reélectiontothe United States Senate at the
hands of the Montana Legislature.

The anti-Clark delegates were saying to-
night that the national leaders knew. their
Democracy was unquestioned and that the de-
cision to seat the Clark delegates was largely
actuated by a fear among Mr. Bryan's friends
that if they were not seated Clark would throw
the State to the Republicans. It was apparent
from the actions of Frank Campbell, the chair-
man of the New York State Democratic Com-
mittee, that David B. Hill was interested in
the suecess of Mr. Clark. In fact it was Mr.
Campbell who. polled the committee during
the progress of the arguments for and against
seating the Clark delegstes,and as soon as these
arguments were closed Mr. Campbell was re-
sponsible for a secret meeting of the com-
mittee, which lasted only a short time before
the decision was reached in favor of the Clark
delegates.

One of the prominent adherents of Senator
Clark in the city is W. P. Mason of Butte. He
was indignant at a statement made by Charles
Hartman to the effect that Senator Clark. would
give a million dollare to the campaign fund in
consideration of the recognition of his delega-
tion by the Democratic National Convention.
Mr. Mason expressed himeself very forcibly
when he read the statement, saying’

“Mr Hartman knew when he made the
statement that it was entirely incorrect. Any-
body knowing Mr. Hartman in Montana would
not have paid any attention to this etatement,
but, of course, representing the State aa a Re-
mibiiecan Congressman, people outaide the
State mar be inclined to quote him as putharity. -

The hearing before the sub-committee lasted
over three hours

ROBERT TREAT PAINE'S LOSS,

 

 

by the Montana le

A Thief in the Lobby of the Hotel Baltimore
Nipped His Gold Watch.

Kansas Cry, July 2.--The Massachusetts del-
egation isina flutter to-night. The Hon, George
Fred Williams of Dedham and the Hon. Robert
Treat Paine of Boston, who was 80 badly beaten
for Governor last fall, have had a secret con-
ference, It wasn't about Bryan or about the
platform, or whether George Fred should be
made the Vice-Presidential candidate here. It
was about a watch. The Ren Robert Treat
tall and slender, graceful and beautiful, had
been in the lobby of the Hotel Baltimore, anda
low. vulgar pickpocket had pipped his watch, his
beautiful watch, the watch he had prided him-
self upon and the wateh which had come down
through many a generation of Back Bavers.
Mr. Paine called on the chief of police, anda
search is now be ing made for the treasure.

 

Louisiana Favorable to Harrison.

New Orvwans, La, July 2.--The Louisiana
delegation has left for the Democratic National
Convention, All the delegates met here before
leaving and discussed the situation, but reached
no definite conclusion. Carter Harrison was
favored for the Vice-Presidential nomination
if he would accept the office. Hill's name waa
mentioned, but met with no favor, While the
delegation contains some extreme silyer men,
the prevailing sentimentamong the delegates
was infavor of relegating the 16 to 1 plank to
a jeas prominent position fn the platform.

 

 

{ Kentucky for Harrison for Vice-President ?

CH1caoo, July 2.--Cortandt P. Cherault, an
official representative of the Kentucky delega-

tion to Kansas City, came here to-day to offer
to Mayor Harrison the solid vote of Kentucky
for the Vice-Presidency. Harrison said he was
not a candidate.

Offers $10,000 on McKinley to $6,000.

The first large block of money to be bet on
McKinley reached Wall street yesterday. J J

Judge, 20 Broad street, who isa broker in the |

curb market, stated that he had been author-
ized to bet $ie.008, or any part, on McKinley at
of ee o Bryan money apveap~4 to

  
    
   
  
 

'TAMMANY IN KANSAS CITY.

THE PENNSYLVANIA RAILROAD CROWD
THERE AND MIGHTY LONELY.

No One to Meet Them and Tell Them Where
| to Go--No Brass Band to Lead Them Inte

 

Town--Totlsome Climb Up the Hill—The
Large Heads on the Train After Daylight
Kansas City, July 2.—It is now 9:30 P. M.
and Tammany has been here half an_ hour.
| By installments and detachments in trolley
cars and in'cabs they are slowly making their
way up the hill from the Union station to the
Midland Hotel, where their headquarters are.
There was no reception at the station and they
did not have to march up the hill with e brass
band leading them. There had been a rumor
that this was on the programme and it en-
bittered the last half day of the journey here.
There was not only no reception committer,
, but not even anybody to tell them where to
«o when they got into the station. Several
started off on aimless ramples down toward
the car yards and others got tangled up with
trucks and baggage skids before somebody
struck a level that opened toward the street.
The gatekeeper was the only one to recog-
nize them. He looked carefully over each
one of the first three or four to pass him and
said approvingly:

“Well, they are a fine, well-fed body of men,
anyway. There's that mucb to say for ‘em.”

They will all be safely housed before mide
night and they are ahead of the tenderfoot
division which went over the New York Cen-
tral and has not yet got here. The entire run
from Jersey City station to Kansas City was

ade in 8444 hours.

St. Lovis, July 2 (On board Tammany Penn-
sylvania special).—We bad coon songs and
breakdowns in the Midway Plaisance after we
left Pittsburg last night. The Midway Pilai-
sance is the composite baggage and day car
which leads the six sleepers and two dining
oars that make up the train. Such stores of the
liquid dispensaries at each end of each sleeping
oar as are too bulky to place in those retail de-
partments we keep in the Midway. We freeze
our ice cream there for one thing, although, to
tell the truth, ice cream and sponge cake are
not much in our line. Yet we have them, more
perhaps for sentimental reasons than for actual
use.

But the main use of the Midway is for exercises
which require more space than the sleeping oar
aisles and seats afford) That is why we had
the coon songs and breakdowns there last
night. They lasted from 11 P. M until 2 A. M.,
and the Pullman porters and waiters furnished
the talent. “Chicken on the Brain,” was the
song that brought down the house, and after
that in popularity came “All Coons Look Alike
to Me,” as rendered by one of the star coons of
the conimissary department. Then there was
a grand handicap singing contest, the coon
that had the heaviest load of beer on being
backed for $2 to see the tanor coon's highest
notes and go him two pointa better. The
caterwauling woke up all the Ohio henroosta
along the track for a stretch of twenty miles
west of Coshocton, and it should not be for-
gotten that while we were waiting at Pittsburg
for the engine to be changed we gave the villag-
ere who had gathered on theatation platform
some fine old shirtsieeve war dances. Clanoy
came out strong then, just as he had done at
Altoona.

The apoliinaris and beer crowd began to
turn in by the time we got to Steubenville and
the rest went dribbling along to bed at all hours
until the Midway Plaisance services closed
at about 2 o'clock in the morning. There was
a good deal of movement to and fro in the train,
however, until daybreak. Several cases of
hot coppers developed during the night and
had to be slushed down from the beer tubes.
Then it got noticeably hotter after we had
climbed down the weatern slope of the Alle-
gbanys, and all the air we got came in through
the double-end barrooms, and the humidity
high.

This morning some of the berths were more
crowded than they were yesterday. There
were cases where little less than a whole sleep-
ing-car section would have been sufficient
to comfortably accommodate the head alone.
Judge Martin's arrangements have been 80
admirable throughout that it would be un-
gracious to criticise anything, yet {f he did
make any error it was perhaps in not making
sufficient allowance for the morning head ex-
pansion incident to Tammany hot weather
travel. The Pullman dining car people are
also a little dissatisfied with the demand for
breakfasts, which fell far below their calcula-
tions. But that is their own lookout.

There was a refreshing shower this morning
while we were between Kenia, Ohio, and the
Indiana line and it cooled things down won-
drously, although it was soon evident that
we were in for the hottest weather we have
had since we started, just a little foretaste
of what it is to be in Kansas City. Tammany
is not looking forward with joy to its stay In
Kansas City. The stories about the heat there
have got bigger and hotter as we draw near
to the big Missouri city. Then, again, there
are other subjects of conversation that are not
80 pleasant as they might be.

It is well known that the impression prevails
in the Weat that Tammany Hall has a good deal
of the wealth of New York inits clothes, and
there is all of Missouri to cross right through

Jesse James's old stamping groun on y
Hanover,” as the boys familiarly call the Mayor
of Avenue A, the Hon. William Hennes, je
board and is being considered in ae it ofa
possible safe deposit cupboard for
stow away their diamonds and die wi
case the push fg held up by train robbers.
ing to the Hon. Humpty’s convenient d
size it has been suggested that he take
wealth and be stowed away in a beer
somewhere out of sight, or he ght sven
around loose among the seats and stand a p:
ood chance of being overlooked. Besides,
Mayor of Avenue A has got a good share of
the money there is on the train anyway, for
has held a protracted meeting an

poker revival services in his pew in fo
oar back ever since we left Jerse ty
fact, aven if tho boys escape a Jesse
holdup, Judge D ver and the Mayor of Aven
A will have about their vi ea, @xce

thet rntickets, which are not
dnleas there a chango of luok Lanse oe

to Kansas City.

But the talk about the heat to come and the
ertis of travel so far away from Sa Bowery
rnaginning to have | effect on the v4

plunge further into the depths o ke
woolly, Some of them have never been west o'
Fighth avenue before, and it is co 0 oe
as rather a startling ayrpriee that ry
extends so far beyond Jersey City Heights
the Hackensack meadows. Incipient c °
homesickness are clearly developing.
is one conaglation, 10, ts rages: they ;
come from New York. e
morning were the good old Bast 6!

dso far away in the enemy’s country i$ w:
Almost a ha piness to havea watermelon
York, or, what

if it came from New ‘is nape bo
that, made by stuff that came fro ew Co
Whether the fame of our liqui oa
has gone ahead of us or not is unce
may be that it was merely known along
that we were coming and that we were
manv: but whatever the cause, certain it is
at all our stopping places in Indians and sou!
ern Illinois we have been met at the stati
collectors of bottled goods glasaware. At
ingham there was a largo gathering 0! Pid
some of them with baskets, and they got a
harvest of pint and quart samples of many
strange shapes and design. It is safe to say
that the railroad trackwalkers along our line
will need stout shoes, yecquee itwi aoclear
case of walking over broken glass for 1,600
miles.

   
   

George Sonner, a cigarmaker, 63 yeare old,
committed suicide yesterday afternoon at bie
home, 257 Eckford street, Greenpoint, by hang-
ing himself to the latch of a window witha
strap.

WITHOUT BELTS THE SUREST CURB
for Rupture if our simple instructions are faithfully
carried out Mr. Cluthe has invented the one trues
which solves the problem of KEEPING rupture held
by pad sinking deeper in automatically, at every
strain (when spring or elastic truss would allow es-
cape), When our truss with automatic pad ts applied

| your hips and spine are free, no torturing elastica or

| heavy springs, no leg aor Call and let us prove
what we claim before you buy.

CHAS. CLUTHE CO.,
89 East 141b St, bet Sth Av. and Union Os, rE,
BOOK FRER