i
}
i

—

ee eee ee

 

 

TUBSDAY, JULY 3, 1900.

ss

 

 

 

 

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.

DAILY, per Month........ Senavasennatd 80 50
DAILY, per Year.......- }
SUNDAY, per Year
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year... ose
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month....+..06++
Postage to foreign countries added.
THE SUN, New York City.

  

 

 

PARIS~Klosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Klosque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines.

If our friends who favor us with manuseripte for
publication wish to have rejected articles returned, they
wuss in all cases send stampa for that purpose

 

 

 

 

The Fourth for Advertising Purposes.
The Democratic National Convention
meets on July 4 for the purpose of pro-
claiming that, after 124 years of supposed
independence and freedom, the United
States are neither free nor independent.
It will say, in effect, that the people of the
United States are serfs and slaves, bound
and scourged by the plutocrats and the
Trusts; that half or more than half of the
people of the United States want the re-
publio destroyed and a despotic military
empire set up in its place; that the United
®tates cannot add a few distant islands
to their domain without knocking demo-
oratic-republican self-government into a
cocked hat and that the Federal courts
are violating the Constitution and com-
mitting “ a crime against free institutions.”
To a country never so prosperous and so
powerful as it now is, the Democrats are
to bring this birthday congratula-
=. You are ruined or on the way to be.”
It {s a queer way of keeping the Fourth,
but the present Democratic party is a queer
woncern. In 1896 it said that gold mono-
metallism “is not only un-American but
anti-American, and it can be fastened on
the United States only by the stifling of
that indomitable spirit and love of liberty
which proclaimed our political independence
1776 and won it in the War of the
BM Now the Declaration is to
cover the saintly AGUINALDO,
A First of April convention on the Fourth
of July

Ys China at War With the Treaty
Powers?

It {s still impossible to say what are the
precise relations between the Chinese Em-
pire and those foreign countries which
habitually maintain diplomatic representa-
tives at Pekin. That it is generally as-
gumed that, as yet, war does not exist
fn the eye of international law, is evi-
dent from the fact that not a single
Chinese Minister residing in a foreign
capital has been dismissed. It is incredible,
however, that a state of things so anoma-
lous will be suffered to continue much longer.
We shall know exactly where we stand as

as we hear directly from the foreign
Suen in the Chinese capital and learn
whether the resistance offered to our at-
tempt to deliver them from peril is or is not
approved by the Imperial Government.

What renders diplomats reluctant to
@ssume that, China has involved herself
{rrevocably in warfare with ull the treaty
Powers is the antecedent improbability
that the Empress Dowager and her advisers
would commit an act of suicidal folly,
Upon no theory compatible with, their
sanity can it be supposed that they, remem-
bering their flagrant inability to cope with
Japan alone a few years ago, now believe
themselves capable of confronting Japan,
pupported by all the great Powers of
Europe and by the United States.

It is, on the face of things, much more
Iikely that the Empress Dowager and her
reactionary councillors, while primarily not
unwilling to encourage the outbreaks of the
go-called Boxers against Chinese converts
to Christianity, intend to disavow the acts
of the commander of the Taku forts and of
the forces which assailed Admiral Seymour
and compelled him to retreat to Tien-Tsin.
It is true that, according to Srymour’s
despatch to the British Admiralty, he was
attacked, not only by rebels, but also by
Imperial troops. The latter, however, may
themselves have revolted against Imperial
authority, and, in any event, the Chinese
Government may repudiate and punish
them, thus relieving itself in one sense from
responsibility.

The hypothesis that the Empress Dowager
would not commit herself to any act which
could not be explained away is consonant
with common sense, but it is not easily
reconciled with one remarkable incident,
namely, that nearly three weeks have
elapsed since any direct or trustworthy
communication has been received from the
foreign legation in Pekin. If the Chinese
ruler has clearly recognized from the outset
that the protection of the legations was
indispensable to her own retention of the
throne, it is hard to believe that she could
not have found means to forward re-
assuring messages from them to Tien-
Tain or to one of the treaty ports. The
mystery which still hides their fate can
be made to harmonize with the exhibition
of good faith and good sense on the part
of the Empress Dowager only if we assume
that she herself is the victim of coercion.
In that event, the orders said to have been
transmitted recently from Pekin to Lt Huna
CHaNo at Canton and to the Viceroys of
other southern provinces, while ostensibly
issued by the Empress Dowager, must have
emanated really from a reactionary com-
mittee now in possession of the capital,

If this be the true explanation of the pro-
longed silence regarding the foreign lega-
tions at Pekin, the worst is to be feared. If
the diplomatic representatives of the treaty
Powers have been massacred, or if they
have been arrested and held as hostages,
the authors of such a shocking violation of
international law would naturally seek to
hide the truth as long as possible in order to
defer an overwhelming demonstration on
the part of the countries wronged. At the
same time, we do not understand how such
an outrage could have been perpetrated
without rumors of it quickly reaching all
parts of the Chinese Empire.

One thing is certain, namely, that the
treaty Powers cannot again permit their
representatives at Pekin to be cut off for
weeks from communication with the out-
side world. Even on the hypothesis most
favorable to the Empress Dowager, the
hypothesis that she herself is the victim of
coercion at the hands of rebels, measures

must be taken so to buttress her authority
hereafter as to render a repetition of the }
present state of things impossible, If |

no guarantees of the future protection |
of foreign legations can be afforded at
Pekin, the Imperial Government must be

prevailed upon to remove to Nankin or
fo some other city where adequate pre-!

sn

      

cautions can be taken. It is preposterous

to suppose that the great Powerw of the | parties by the pretensions
world will submit a second timeto be cut off dates for the leadership lef

(HE SUN.

  

of rival candi-

for weeks from all communication with | death, without an heir, of the head of

their representatives.

We shall soon have the data needed for
defining our relations to China and formu-
lating our duty in the premises. A force
large enough to overpower any expected
opposition should soon be able to reach
Pekin, and the truth regarding the treat-
ment of the legations will be made known,

The Spirit Wrestlers in Canada.

Seven thousand Russian peasants have
landed in Canada since January, 1899, and
found new homes in Manitoba. They came
by invitation after they had made known
their wish to leave Europe and live either
in the United States or British America,
The first party, 2,000 in number, was in
charge of a son of Count To1sto1. They
are members of a religious sect, the
Doukhobors, or Spirit Wrestlers, whose
story for two centuries has been crowded
with tragical incidents. The immigrants
are peaceful, industrious farmers who
desired to get away from the annoyance
and perseoution to which Government
officials and their neighbors have long
subjected them. The Canadian author-
{ties believed they would be good citizens
and helped the thousands who have come
to make a start in Manitoba. Fertile lands
were allotted to them and to many of the
poorer families seed, ploughs and other
facilities were supplied for making their first
crop. This assistance was in the form of a
loan and it speaks well for the honesty
and spirit of the newcomers that 80 per
cent. of the debt thus incurred by those
who arrived in time to put in crops last
year was paid, a few months ago, out of
the proceeds of last season's harvest.

The society of the Doukhobors, or Spirit
Wrestlers, was founded in south-central
Russia in the beginning of the eighteenth
century. The remarkable fanaticism that
marked the first century and a half of the
sect and the terrible persecution its mem-
bers endured, not only from the hostility of
the Government and of a populace that
despised them, but also from the evil in-
fluence and tyranny of bad men who had
become absolute masters of the society,
make a chapter in the history of religion
that is full of pathetic and horrible incideuxts.
In the past ho"? century their position
has changed for the better because they
have freed themselves from the tyranny
of those who kept them in absolute igno-
rance and even made many of them crimi-
nals. The enterprise and good behavior of
the 7,000 immigrants in Manitoba have
commended them to their neighbors. In no
respect have they given offence and the
Canadians like them. The newspapers
tell of their thrift, neatness, self-control,
reticence and assiduous attention to their
own business.

The Conservative party, however, thinks
it best not to invest the Doukhobors with
full citizenship till they have spent a long
probationary period in their new homes.
The Government of Manitoba has accord-
ingly introduced into the Provincial Legia-
lature an amendment to the Franchise
Act providing that no person may vote
till he has lived at least seven years in the
Dominion unless he is able to read the
“Manitoba Act” either in “ English, French,
German, Swedish or Icelandic.” Mr. JoHN
Huo Macponalp, the Conservative Prem-
fer, has thus explained the proposed
legislation. “All we desire,” he says, “is
to protect ourselve: against the danger
of a sudden invasion on the part of a multi-
tude of Slavs who are utter y unacquainted
with representative government and free
institutions.”

It is quite certain that the Doukhobors
will not long be disqualified from the fran-
chise by their inability to read the English
language. A letter printed in the last
number of the German periodical Globua,
says: “It is a noteworthy fact that the
schools which were started by the Canadian
Government for the colonists as soon as
they began to arrive, were filled with eager
students, young and old, and that the new
settlers are learning, with remarkable
facility, to speak and write the English
language.” Surely times have changed
for the Doukhobors. The people who are
studying English in Canada were taught
to believe that it was a sin to read and
write; that the Bible was not inspired and
that the art of printing was a device of
Satan to lure souls to destruction; that
Gop dwells only in the human heart and
mind; that Gop the Father is the memory,
Gop the Son the intellect, and Gop the
Spirit the will; that the Divine essence
implanted in every human being is the
guide to light and life; that Carist was
merely a sinless man whose purity gave
full force to the divinity within him; and
that their leaders are also sinless men qual-
ifled by their superior excellence to show
all good principles and to guide the
people.

Emperor ALEXANDER I. declared that a
sect avowing such doctrines was not fit to
live in a Christian community. The ukase
against the Doukhobors turned loose every
agency of persecution. In their misery
the Spirit Wrestlers appealed at last to the
pity of the Emperor and begged him to
settle them in some uninhabited place,
where they might be true to their faith
without exciting the hostility of the ortho-
dox. He heeded their petition and sent
them south nearly to the northern shores
of the Sea of Azov.

There were thousands of devotees of
this strange faith. In the isolation of their
new home the men who controlled them
gave rein to every evil impulse. In time
there was not a woman in the settlements
who was not liable to every abuse from the
leaders and their satellites. The doctrine
was preached that the leaders could do no
wrong even when they invaded the sanctity
of family life or sent parties of marauders
over the country to steal whatever they
could carry away. The fate of any one
who protested against these crimes was
sealed, He would suddenly disappear.
For years, every one who denounced these
crimes was killed. The bodies of the vic-
tims buried on the river banks were often
washed away and floated down to the Sea
of Azov. A reign of terror prevailed.
The Government at last sent a commission
to report upon the condition of the sect
and the serious charges against it. The
result of their report was that the Doukho-
bors were removed, about fifty-five years
ago, to what was then the wilderness of
Trans-Caucasia. Here they have since lived,
some 20,000 in number, scattered among
numerous hamlets and tilling the soil.

The attitude of the populace that has
grown up around them has never been
friendly and has kept them a people apart.
They have complained of unfair taxa-
tion and of endless persecution from petty
officials. Their prayers for redress have
not been heeded. To add to their mis-

 

the sect. Intense bitterness and even
bloodshed have marked the strife be-
tween the factions. It was under this
acctimulation of trouble that many, tired
of fighting the world and their own brethren,
decided to seek peace in another land;
and so it happens that 7,000 Doukhobors
are now in Canada.

They are going to make good citizens.
The first party which landed at St. John,
New Brunswick, on the way to their prairie
home, made an excellent impression and
were enthusiastically received. Their be-
havior in all respects has been commended.
The Canadians are much impressed with
their extreme quietness and reticence.
They say that even the children are grave
and silent at their play. The houses they
are building are in the Russian style, and
men and women have set about turning
the wilderness into gardens with a degree
of zeal and industry that promises success
and prosperity.

The Prodigal at the Front Door.

The Hon. Davip BENNETT H1Ls. made this
ingenuous confession to a SUN reporter at
Bt. Louis last Saturday:

“If the Democrats of the nation want Davip B.
HYLL as the nominee for Vice-President, all they have
to do is to nominate him. Give Davip B. HILL the
nomination for Vice-President of the United States
and he will stump the country, But lam DAVID B.
HILL and I want only what the Democracy wants"

It is possible that Mr. Hit. wants the
Democracy considerably more than the De-
mocracy wants him. It is also possible that
Mr. HILu's enthusiasm for Mr. Bryan is
greater than Mr, Bryan's enthusiasm for
Mr, Hitn, Not all the returning prodigals
get fatted calf, A cold shoulder is consid-
ered good enough for most of them. This
Wolfert’s Roost prodigal doesn’t confess
that he has sinned. He hasn't abjured or
repented of his gold views. He simply con-
fesses that he is tired of being outside of
the Democratic kitchen and that the smell
of the meat there cooking is pleasing to his
nostrils, He doesn’t come back shame-
faced and humble, but jaunty and bold as
brass. He doesn’t tap lightly at the area
door, but he ringa the front bell boldly and
yells that he is willing to take the best thing
but one there is to eat in the house.

A returning prodigal who brings back
this disposition is much more likely to have
the dog set on him than to get the second
cut of the veal.

The inconsistency, the dishonesty, in fact,
of putting a gold man on the ticket witha
silver man, doesn’t bother the Gold Demo-
crat who is anxious to enroll again in the
Democratic party, Many members of the
convention are less elastic and accommo-
dating. Bryan stumping the country for
silver and HiLu stumping the country for
gold would be a little too much, we should
suppose, even for the Democratic party.
The enthusiasm of the Populists for such
a ticket can be imagined.

Illiteracy at the South.

The third Conference on Education at the
South was brought to a close last Friday at
Capon Springs, in Virginia, after a session
of three days. Throughout it was marked
by a broad and liberal spirit, more especially
as touching the question of negro educa-
tion, though, as yet, illiteracy prevails to an
appalling extent among the negroes, and
even among the whites it far exceeds the
average in the Northern States.

For instance, the average illiteracy among
the native white population of 10 years of
age and over in the six New England States
and the three States of New York, New
Jersey and Pennsylvania was only 2.81 in
1890, and among the colored population it
was 21.71.

In the eleven States of the old Southern
Confederacy the illiteracy among the native
whites and the negroes was:

   
  

Whtte, Colored.
Alabama........--++0+ Oo reereceecocors 18.44 60.08
ALMANGOB. 6c cece e cece eee e cee come eens 16,56 53.65
Florida...... 11.33 50.65
Georgia os 16,51 67.27
Loulsiana: » 20.38 72.14
Mississippl...... . 11,92 = 60.01
North Carolina... » 23,10 60.01
South Carolina....... 18.11 64.07
‘Tennessee........ s+ 17.08 54.22
TORR... -..ccrcrsccewesrccccceevccseces 6.28 62.50
ViQIMIE «ss ssveesnrseree cvovreeresanes 13.98 67.21

These comparative statistics induced the
Rev. Dr. Curry, the President of the South-
ern Educational Conference, to say truly
that the paramount question is the pro-
vision of adequate public schools, but that
at present inefficient teachers and training
and too short school terms make it impos-
sible to accomplish the reformation which
is needed among the whites as well as
among the negroes, It was urged by others
that the National Government should lend
aid in curing this evil of illiteracy; but, of
course, the duty rests properly with the
States alone.

 

As the Cook County Marching Club is going
to Kansas City on @ scalping expedition and
ghost dance, andis understood w be looking
for trouble, we do a pleasure to that band of
warriors and statesmen by reminding it that,
on the Fourth, 2,000 Indians in iuil war paint
and feathers will positively appear at Mountain
View. Kan, That Indian revelry will be
much more fun than the convention. But will
the two thousand stand thelr ground when they
eee the Chicago chiefs and werowances ?

Thousands of American citizens of German or!-
ginfrom ali parts of the United States have met
{n the Brooklyn berough of New York city to
celebrate their National Saengerfest, an admi-
rabie and delightful custom of their fatherland,
Accompanied by their wives and children, they
are listening, comfortably and sociably talking
the language of the land of their birth, but
drinking the beer of their adopted country, to
the friendly competition in song of the various
Maennerchors and Liederkranzes and Arions
and Saengerbunds. The beer is good and so
are the music and the singing, and the Kaiser,
who keeps a watchful eye on everything that
bas ever been German, has sent a valuable
prize, a silver statue, to be competed for by the
singers. We bid the visiting singers ''Prosit.’’

If the Oregon is lost, the first-class battle-
ships belonging to the United States will be
reduced from six to five. That will bea
ludicrously small number for a country in our
situation; and we shall be very far from the
proportionate strength that should be ours
when the completion of the programmp for a
larger Navy gives us eighteen.

 

 

 

 

 

Piers can be made non-inflammable, but the
merchandise put on them cannot be. But much
will be done in that direction by making cotton
bales round instead of square, The financial
investments in the old-fashioned square bale
are 50 immense that the newcomer makes slow
progress in commercial use, but the round
bale is so much better protected against fire
that it must eventually crowd the other out.

The ruin of the steamships on Saturday night
shows how dangerous it is to leave those costly
things at any time without power enough to
turn their screws when the necessity arises for
them to move, If it is too expensive always to

 

ortunes, the sect became divided into two , keep them under their own steam, it would

 

» TUESDAY, JULY 3,

 

seem economical to provide for having tus

t vacant by the | 8rvice more quickly and surely available.

 

 

 

The United States Monetary League has
begun ita revels of expression in Kansas City.
It is a sort of miniature Democratic National
Convention, ‘The vocal plant is there, a con-
cert of megaphones and calliopes. Coin Har-
VEY, SULPHUR SoVEREION, WIND ALLEN, Wir
LIAM8-CHIN-TUNG and SHOUTING 8AM GOMPERS
~what a congress of intellect is this!

Col. BRYAN is an amateur agriculturist at
present, but the Democrats of the Straddle
School are expecting too much when they ex-
pect him to provide a fatted calf barbecue at
Kansas City.

 

Col. HENRY WartsErson is asking in double
leads, and would ask in centuple leads if he had
them, for "a man " to take GoRBEL's place and
lead the Kentucky Democrats ‘‘out of the
darkness and into the light." The man “ must
be brave. He must be eloquent. He must
be self-confident.” And a hundred thousand
voices answer: “Col. Jack CHINN!”

Ts eeesieeieemnenesinmiaaeeiaiaeEeeneaea

IN SOUTH AFRICA.

The only news from the Boer side for nearly
two weeks is a despatch from Lorenzo Mar-
ques dated Sunday, saying that President
Kruger has moved to Watervalonden, about
ten miles east from Machadodorp. The com-
plete silence as to what is going on outside the
British zone is,in all probability, due to the
British cables being closed to Boer news. One
reason for this may be the unsatisfactory state
of affairs in the Free State, a strong indica-
tion of which is contained in the recall to Eng-
land of Gen. Colville commanding one of the
divisions operating against Gen. De Wet. No
reasons have been given for this officer's re-
call, but as the Highland brigade was under
his orders the recent disaster to a detachment
of one of its regiments and the Yeomanry may
have something to do with it. It is said that
unless Gen. De Wet's career is speedily cut
short other recalls are likely to take place.

In Cape Colony public feeling among the
imperialists is said to be greatly excited over
the manifest intention of the British Govern-
ment to disregard the sentiment of the loyal
Colonials regarding the ultimate treatment
of the Afrikander rebels and the Free State
and Transvaal burghers, The Imperialist
press of the colony no longer hides the fact
that it regards the war as one of conquest,
and clamors for the distribution of the spoils
as the reward of the services of the Colonial
volunteers. In connection with this last
matter, it is interesting to note that an inter-
departmental committee of the British War
Office has under consideration the whole ques-
tion of graMts to British soldiers willing to
settle in South Africa after the war. With
reference to the criticism of the hospital ad-
ministration in South Africa, some English
papers go so far as to accuse the War Office
of issuing misleading statements as to the
numbers of men passing through the hospitals,
and generally of keeping the publicoin the dark
aa to the real condition of health of the troops,
which private letters describe as greatly de-
teriorated from overwork, insufficient food,
and climatic causes,

 

Speed in Long-Hand Writing.

To THE Epitor or Tue SuN—Sir; In the
disoussion of the advantages of the slant sys
tem of penmanshipover the 60-called ‘ vertical”
system, a correspondent, L. Madarasz, ex-
Dresses grave doubts as to the accuracy of THE
Sun's statement that “the average pupil using
the slant system can write forty-five words a
minute to the vertical-writing puptl’s thirty
words.”’ The correspondent says:

If you can find one pupilin the whole of New York
who can write forty-five words per minute for five
minutes and have the writing pass muster for buat-
ness purposes you will have unearthed a phenomenv:
is quesics the ability of any long-hand writer to do

¢ tric’

We have all read of the wonderful 6 of tele-
raph operators; among them Edison, when he was
ene, the keys, but their vee when oounted

y the accepted standard of counting five small lettera
per word, capitals as two letters, punctuation marks,
dots and crosses as one, never went above forty words
per minute.

Mr. Madarasz is quite right in intimating that
the swiftest penmen are to be found among
telegraph operators. He 1s, however, greatly
in error if he thinks there is no one living
capable of writing legibly an average of forty-
five words a minute in long hand for five oon-

secutive minutes, If our correspondent is
familiar with the feats accomplished daily by
several telegraphers at 195 arene wey he must
be aware that the average mentioned {s scarcely
more than warming-up practice for some of the
Western Union's experts,

Why, there are men in the operating room of
the Western Union who, counting the words
they are received, are able to write fifty an
fifty-five per minute and maintain that average
much longer than five minutes. They are
obliged to do soin order to keep page with the
machines.

But Mr. Madarasz beoomes more specific and
avers that, counting five small letters to the
word, &c.,no operator has ever exceeded an
average of forty words a minute. Admitting
that the task when governed by the five-letterse
to-a- word rule is much more difoult than whe:
the count is not restricted to the number of
characters written, our correspondent is again
misinformed if he thinks {it has never been done,
Any one who will take pains to examine the
record of the test for speed given by telegraph
operators some years ago will find that the feat
ot averaging forty-five words, or 225 letters, a
minute was by no means impossible; and emi-
nent authoritles believe that a similar average
is being equalled every day in not a few in-
stances.

As to the swiftness with which pupils write in
the public schools: If fifty-five words, as they
appear in promiscuous print, can be written by
skilled and dexterous penmen, surely it would
not be surprising if many of the fleet-fingered
young men in our schools are able to place
forty or forty-five to their credit. At any rate,
investigation proves that such 0 pectormance
should arouse noastonishinent, PERATOR,

 

His Prayer Was Answered.

To THE EprrorR OP THE SUN-—Sir: This ia the
first time lever wrote \o a newspaper, but secing in
yesterday's SUN, of which I am a constant reader,
the sermon, “Who Will Answer Our Prayer?” by the
Rev. W. T. Brown, I answer God will, as he answered
mine nearly fifteen years ago, if the prayer is from
the bottom of the soul.

I thought I was dying and afraid there was no God,
so I prayed If there be a God reveal yourself to me in
any shape or form, 1 care not, The last word was
hardly out of my mouth, when a beautiful voice close
to my ear said you shall live again, and soshall every
one in whom I have breathed the breath of life. This
was about 1! o’ciock atnight I wasall alone in the
place and had locked the door, I remembered nothing
till quite late the next morning when I awoke, strong
as ever in my life; am strong yet, though in my
eighty Ofth year. Family not long lived. I give
you my Dame, 8. Cc,

FLUSHING, July 1.

 

Card From an Difnots Farmer.

To THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir; I am
informed by THE SUN that Mr. Bryan has been pho-
tographed in bis “Jeans,” and that he expects this
to have some influence with the farmers’ vote in the
West.

I wish to say in defence of the Western farmers that
they are not such a lot of fools asa great many sup-
pose, and this year Mr. Bryan will get the majority of
their votes in that portion of his anatomy encircled by
the collar of his Jumper or [ miss my guess.

NEw YORK, June 20. ILLINOIS FARMER.

 

In Memory of Rear Admiral John W, Philip,
No braver spirit e’er was found

Upon the land or on the water,
No gentler volce to heal the wound

That duty gave In war's dread slaughter,

Behind the fiercest tempest's rage

A smile for good 15 always beaming,
And so tn battle’s direst singe

With him the light of love was gleaming,

While stricken foemen ylelded breath

He checked the victor crew when cheering,
Reminding of the gates of death

That they unsolaced (hen were nearing.

Cornelius like or Havelock,

In triumph’'s hour went forth thanksgiving,
His soul equipped for every shock,

The Lord's when dying or when living.

Asleep be rests with laurels green
That snatched from danger's field have clustered,
Till trumpet notes shall change the scene
And patriots from their graves are mustered.
EDWARD OCTAVUS FLAQG, D. D., LL BD

 

THe PROPOSAL OF BISHOP M'FAUL,

Views of Roman Catholics Regarding Religion
and Politics.

TO THR Epiror oF Tak SuUN—Sir: It seems
from the address of Bishop MeFaul that there
is to be no intervention in polities by a Catholic
religious party, but that a greater representa-
tion of Catholics in our Legislatures is de-
manded, and that the proposition has the pres-
ent warm support among the clergy. But
the acute nature of the correspondence pro-
voked shows the fearful folly of the new pro-
posal, whatever the form may happen to be.
Its advocates are already so warm in zeal as
to pass over the real point of the matter,and
reach out for weapons of mild personal abuse.

It must be noted that this movement was
proclaimed at the banquet of the Knights of
Columbus. The Knights form a secret asso-
elation, though their secret is probably as
harmless as that of the American Protective
Association. When the latter organization
injeota itself into politics there is much deserved
condemnation. Any reader whose memory
ean go back to the early stages of the South
African war will recall that the British were
first in making the accusation of inhumanity;
yet the Evening Post correspondent (with a
rather English bias) now reports that the British
army had used the “dum-dum” bullet to a
very considerable extent against the accused
Boers. The Knights and their friends are
undoubtedly sincere in their motive—they
mean well--but the “Boxers” are equally sin-
cere and mean as well, according to their
notions. The point is that sincerity will not
cure the great evil they would do.

When we are sane we all agree that a vote
for a candidate because he is or is not a Catho-
fo ts an unpatriotic act in this country. And
{t ie equally wrong to vote for a man because
he is, or is not liberal to Catholics. Scratch
@ known political rogue and you will find him
liberal to Catholics when it pays, and liberal
to vice when it pays better. The way a man
prays is a poor test of his qualifications for
Political office Another view of the matter
is that representation brings responsibilities.
I am credibly informed that exactly one-half
of the New York City Police Board are Cath-
olie. The clergy of the city ought to know the
condition of things and they probably hear
much about it in the confessional. Are we to
bear exactly half the shame?

You may say that this is a fortuitous con-
dition, and that Catholics need not bear the
burden of shame; that their Commissioners
do not represent them. All this is probably
true, but must we share only in conspicuous
official virtue? The world generally judges
according to the fact. If the learned and
sincere Bishop longs for work in the line of
Dolitical reform let him arm his Knights for
4 vigorous war on vice government in New York
city. And a work of this kind will do more
in educating non-Catholics up to Catholio
standards, and stamping out bigotry and preju-
dice, than the instant appointment of Catholic
Chaplains for all our Army and all our fleets.
Besides, it would be a religious work, if des-
troying vicious opportunities {is still considered
a good work. Ropert J. Manon.

New Yor, June 28.

 

To THR Epttor or THe Sun—Sir: Taking
advantage of the Rt. Rev. Bishop McFaul's
judicious and timely plea that “Catholic so-
cleties should unite to insist that our religion
shall not be made an obstacle to the attain-
ment of our Constitutional rights,” you give
vent to the apprehension that the Catholics
may henceforth be persuaded to play a role,
in America’s politics, as “Catholics” and not
merely, as in the past, as “ Republicans” or
“Democrats.” I certainly do not know if such
was the mental reservation of the Bishop of
Trenton, but what I wish to emphasize is this:
That in all countries proud of their modern
ideas a religious community laboring under
political disabilities—iet us only say disad-
vantages, if you prefer—has the right, nay, the
duty, to take whatever reasonable means they
think the most appropriate to remove such
inequalities.

It is much to be deplored and a matter of
intense surprise to European liberal minds
that “in a republic founded—as you say—on
the principle of the entire separation of Church
and State” such a separation should nowhere
have materialized completely here, no more
in politics than {mn publio education. You
confess, Mr. Editor, that “of the Presidents
elected, from Washington to McKinley, not
one has been of the Catholic faith, and that of
other officers of the National Government and
of the States, few have been Roman Catholics.”
This is a formidable indictment on the would-
be secularization of American political insti-
tutions! So I do not very well see how any-
body could be justified in resenting the action
of the Catholics in siding as Catholics with any
party by which they think a relief from such
an intolerable and medieval state of things
may be expected.

Tt is all very well to tell the Catholics, in a
pathetio and sentimental tone, that they must
@o on being loyal to Protestant candidates:
that they should keep always their religion
and their politics distinct (have the Protestants
done so in the appropriations for Indian
schools?); that they ought to stand shoulder
to shoulder with Protestants to repulse the
terrific assault made nowadays against the
citadel of Christianity! Is it not, by the way,
quite amusing to see THE SuN all of a sudden
80 preoccupied with the fate of Catholic or-
thodoxy? Alas! What kind of help Catholics
are entitled to expect from Protestants and
from Tue Sun for the work of saving Chris-
tianity can in no better way be ascertained
than by perusing this esteemed and cersainly
in every other respect most readable paper,

So the Catholics have to struggle not inerely
for the cause of supernatural religion, but also
for equality of Constitutional rights! Under
such prevailing circumstances I beg leave to
say that many would hail with much enthu-
siasm the rise of agreat national Catholic party,
to support any Presidential candidate who
would pledge himself to foster—de facto
absolute equality of rights for all American
people. c. R.

PLaTTsBuno, N. Y., June 37,

 

MEDICAL ASSOCIATION WINS.

Recognized as a County Society, Entitled to
Fines for Diegal Practising.

The New York County Medical Association
obtained Judgment from Justice McAdam of
the Supreme Court yesterday, requiring the
city topayit a penalty of $50 secured by the
prosecution of a person practising as a physi-
cian withouta license, The plaintiff furnished

the proof on which the man was convicted in
Special Sessions and the fine of $50 was paid
into the city treasury, The plaintilf contended
that under the laws of 1895 it was entitled to the
fine. The act provides that where the com-
plainant in such cases is a State medical society
ora county medical society entitled to repre-
sentation in a State society, such fines shall be
paid to the complainant. The city took the
position that the act referred to other and older
societies than the plainuff—for instance, the
County Medical Society.

Justice McAdam says thatthe plaintiff is en-
titled to representation in the New York State
Medical Association, which, in turn, is the ac
credited State organization of the American
Medical Association, and, as such, is entitled to
the money. He says the plaintiff did the work
called for and “should have the ransom.”

 

 

Ice Fields Block the Passage to Cape Nome,

WASHINGTON, July 2.—Brig.-Gen. Randail,
commanding the Department of Alaska, tele-
araphed the War Department to-day from
Dutch Harbor, Alaska, saying that he had just
arrived at that port and that the steamship
Garonne had just returned, after several days
spent in an unsuccessful attempt to push
through the ice flelds to Nome. Her captain
reports many vessels along th: line of and with-
in the ice fields, and some in dangerous plight.
Twenty vessels are still awaiting more fayor-

able conditions before attempting to get
through ts
Entrance Examination Scholarships at Co-

lum bia.
Awards of scholarships to the candidates
passing the best examinations for entrance to
Columbia University were announced yesterday

as follows: Alumni competitive scholarship, Os-
car Rempel Houston; Harper scholurship,
J. Cuthbert Sweeny; Brooklyn —schoiarship,

axwell Francis Lawton, Paul Gerhard Graven-
rstand Edward lsenburger.

‘

 
 
 
 

 
 

|
|

 

INVITES CANADA TO JOIN US.

Objects and Offers of the National Continental
Union League.

The National Continental Union heague
held its first quarterly meeting at the Astor
House on Friday afternoon, and elected these
officers: President, Paul Dana; Vice-Presi-
dents, Andrew H. Green, W. Bourke Cockran,
Darwin R. James, George Hoadly, Silas B.
Dutcher, John Woodward, and Edward Lau-
terbach; Treasurer, Silas B. Dutcher; Secre-
tary, Francis Wayland Glen. The object of
the League was expressed by the adoption of
the following resolutions: j

“Whereas, We believe that the political union
of the two great English-speaking commiunt-
ties who now occupy and control N orth America
will deliver the continent from danger of war
and seourely dedicate it to peaceful industry
and progress, lessen the per capita cost of
Government and defence, insure the rapid de-
velopment of its boundless natural resources,
enlarge its domestic and foreign commerce,
uniting al! interests in creating 4 systematio
development of its means of internal communi-
cation with the seaboard by rail and water,
east and west. protect and preserve its wealth,
resources, privileges, and opportunities as the
undisputed heritage of all, immensely add to
its influence, prestige and power, promote,
extend and perpetuate government by the

»ple, and remove forever the cause most

ikely ‘seriously to disturb cordial relations
and kindly intercourse with Great Britain;

an

“Whereas, The peace of this hemisphere de-
pends upon the abstention of every American
power from participation in European or for-
eign wars or complications. fore be jt

Resolved, ‘That we invite the Canadian peor’ e
to cast in their lot with their own con t,
assuring them that they shall have all the con-
tinent can give them. and that we will reg;

ir freedom of action, and welcome
when they desire it, into an equal and honor-
able union.

“Resolved, That wereaffirm and reproclaim
the Monroe Dootrine in all its fulness, and re-
assert the right of this Republic to give force
to the dootrine by responding to the request
of any American aoe n the case of encrouch-
ment by any foreign power.

Resolved . That we are uot disposed to inter-

fere by force with the oxleting possessions of
any European power in this hemisphere, but
we demand that those ions shall not

under any conditions be enlarged or to
fhe gl vantage of government of, by and
or the people.

“Whereas, Russia voluntarily withdrew from
the Americas, and ina friendly manner trans-
ferred her possessions to this Republic for a
nominal consideration, and

“Whereas, Spain was compelled to retire by
force of arme, therefore be it

“Resolved, That we confidently, anti te
the complete emancipation of this hemisphere
and all of its destinies from European domain,
dominion and control, and {ta dedication to
the uplifting of humanity, to peaceful industry.

 

GEN. AQUINO SURRENDERS.

Gen. MacArthar's Report Shows That Philip-
pine Situation Continues to Improve.

WASHINGTON, July 2,—According to recent
despatches from Gen. MacArthur the Philippine
situation continues toimprove. Gen, Aquino, a
prominent insurgent officer, has surrendered,
and Gen, Ricarte, who was very active in plan-
ning uprisings in Manila, has been captured.
The capture of Gen. Ricarte is regarded by Gen.
MaoArthur as bearing an important relation to
conditions in Manila, where it has been neces-
sary to maintain a strong military force to be
always prepared for any uprising of the natives.
With Ricarte captured it is thought by War
Department officials that the inhabitants of
Manila and its suburbs will not be inclined
to resist the Americans. Another indication
of the feeling of the people is shown by the
fact that Ricarte was captured by native police,
who have more than once demonstrated to the
military authorities that they intend to be loyal
to the Americans. The arrest of Ricarte was
reported to the War Depaptment in a cable-

ram received this morning,in which Gen.
MacArthur says:

‘Gen. Ricarte, leader of the threatened ups
risings in Manila during this year, recently
very active, was captured July 1 by native
police between Paco and Stana. Event im-
portant in relation to conditions in Minila."’

Gen. Aquino surrendered unconditionally
and turned over to the Americans 94 riflles
and ammunition, Gen. MacArthur's despatch

says:

“Gen. Aquino, prominent der of insurgent
forces, surrendered uncon mally to rat
Lieut. John J. O'Connell, with Macabebe scouts,
June 29, with 64 rifles and ammunition.”

Gen. MacArthur cabled the War Department
this morning that the transport Warren had left
Manila for San Francisco with the home bat-
tallon of the Twenty-third Infantry, This
battalion {s composed of invalid soldiers and
soldiers whose term of enlistinent will expire
within the next six menthe. The Twenty-third
Infantry went to the Phillipines in the eummer
of 1808in the second expedition to leave this
country. This expedition was commanded by
Gen. Francis V. Greene. It sailed from San
Francisco June 15 and arrivedat Manila July 17.

COINAGE AT THE MINTS.

Activity in the Retail Trade Shown by the
Enormous Increase of Minor Coins.

WASHINGTON, July 2.—Activity of the retatl
trade as shuwn by the extraordinary increasein
the execution of minor coins is shown by the
annual statement issued by Director of the Mint

 

 

 

Roberts to-day for the fiscal year ended
June 30 There were 82,559,407 more
pennies ooined in 1000 than in 1899,

19,210,260 more nickels, 9,730,275 more dimes,
3,634,860 more quarters and 4,256,408 more hall
dollars. The coinage of standard silver dol-
this year | 8,244,084,
Was 7,662,786 pieces,
$107,037,110; of silver, 75,850,254
pieces, worth $31,121,833; and of minor coins,
101,301,753 pieces, worth $2,243,017, making a

lars decreased 9,725, bein
The total coinave of gol
valued at

total of 184,323,798 pieces coined, valued at $141,-
901,060.

On account of a decrease in the execution of
five-dollar gold pieces of 2,891,611 pieces, or
$11,058,055, the total execution of goid coins
decreased 1,328,687 pieces, or $5,240,070. The net
increase in the number of silver coins executed
was 11,607,143 pieces, or $3,300,521. The increase
of the total numbef of coins executed was
62,052,448 pieces, or $4,446,284.

‘or the month of June the total coinage exe-
euted was: Gold, 212,083 pieces, or $3,820,770;
silver, 5,782,412 pieces, or $2,004,217; minor coins,
9,150,529 pieces, or $111,214. The total coinage
for the month of June was 15,005,024 pieces, or
$6,026,202.

 

The Receipts for the Year Were $568,088 ,048
and the Expenditures $487,760,172.

WASHINGTON, July 2.—The comparative
statement of the receipta and expenditures of
the Government for the fiscal year ended June
30 shows asurplus of $81,229,777, the total re-
ceipts being $568.988,048 and the expenditures
$487,750,171. This surplus is $41,229,777 more
than Secretary Gage’s estimates in his last
message to Congress

The receipts froin customs were $233, 857,958,
an increase of $27,720,877. ‘The receipts from
internal revenue were $26,299,388, an increase
of $22,862,227. Miscellaneous receipts were
$38,531,601, aninciease of $2,436,625. The ex-
penditures for the last year were §$4b7,-
759,171, a  deerease: of $117.313,008, which
was brought about largely by the decrease
in war expenditures, which amounted to
$134,053,908, a deerease of $95,187,256. Navy
expenditures amounted to $56,089,082 this year

a decrease of $7,852,122. Pensions increase

$1,481,063 and amo cnted to $140,875,902, In-
terest amourfed to $303,203, a decrease in this
item. of $595,288 on account of the refunding of
bonds at 2 per cent. brought about last March,

The total June receipts were $61,436,832 and
expenditures $33,540,673 teceipts from cus-
tors for June were $19,369,16), an increase of
$922,258 over June last year, and from internal
reyenues $28,744,737, an increase of $3,137,878,

 

PUBLIC DEBT STATEMENT.

Decrease During the Month of June 814,897,-
552--Cash in the Treasury,

WASHINGTON, July 2.-The public debt state.
ment, issued to-Cay by the Treasury Depart-
ment, shows that in the month of June the debt
of the United States decreased $14,897,552. The
interest-bearing debt decreased $3,006,130, the
debt on which interest had ceased decreased
$5,500, the debt bearing no interest decreased
$1,965,738, whily the cash in the Treasury in-
9,022,124 Thedebton June 30 stood:
Interest-bearing debt, $1,023,475,860; debt on
which interest hod _censed, 81,176,320; bearing
no interesr, $388,761,752, a total of $1,418,416,012.
The cash in the Treasury is made up of the

 

 

following items; Reserve fund—Gold coin and
bullion, $150,000,000 Trust funds to re-
deem outstandi ig certifleates Gold coin, $227,-
797,179; silver dollars and bullion, $492,042,000;
United States notes, $8,705,000. General fund—
Gold coin, bullion and certificates, $70,557,184;
silver dollars, bullion and certificates, $15,831,-
127; United states notes, $26,361,002; other as-
Bets, $17,322,575, in national banks dey ositories,
$101,879,520. Total, $1,105,496,490

Agains: this there wer: outstanding: Gold
certificates, $227,797,179; silver certificates, $416,-
015,000; currency certificates, $3,705,000; Treas-
ory potas of 1890, £76,087 os fier ete

246,666; resery lund, $150,000,000; lea
available cash balance of §155,706,654. ~~

  

 

   

 

THE PRESIDENT'S VACATION,
Mr. McKinley Enjoying His Rest to His O14
Home~— Incidents of a Day,

CANTON, Ohio. July 2.--The President seer.
to be realizing to the fullest extent his des ro
for perfect rest and quiet. He was up ear
this morning and got his official duties out of
the way before the heat of the day. These om.
cial duties consisted of the signing of a num)er
of minor army commissions and papers for
officials in the administration in the District of
Columbia, On the China and other questions
only such information came as was given to the
press in Washington and there was nothing
requiring special attention here,

There were many callers at the house during
the day, but none of them was concerned with
general politics or public business, Quite a few
strangers inthe city went to the house and
requested permission to shake hands with
the President. This privilege was granted
toafew. One caller,a Canton working man,
called in his working gurb and when the Presi.
dent greeted him at the door, said;

“Just called to give you a cigar.”

The President spoke to him peapenntly and tn
response to an inquiry: ‘How is the mistress?”
assured him that Mrs. McKinley was feeling
quite well.

“We have a few Democrats in our ward,."’ the
caller continued, “but I Just want to tell you
they like vou and they can't say anything
against vou.”

No public men have arrived nor have any
announced their coming at a special tine
Sevator Hanna and Secretary Diok are expected
here before the day of the notification,

The President and Mra, McKinley took ex-
tended drives during the day, going through
some of the newly develo manufacturing
parts of ie city and out a short distance on
some of the country roads. William Dunean
the President’s nephew, came down from
Cleveland !or a little visit.

The dent will take no speaking part {n
the Fourth of July demonstration, but w!!)
review the two parades and will occupy the
stand during the presentation and acceptance

of the sepece.

One delegation has called upon the President
since his arrival. it was composed of member.
of the Stark County Bar Association, headed by
Judge Mearty. They were cordially greeted

ndshown through the house. Mr. McKin\e
has been a member of the association for mor:
than thirty years.

THE NEW PROTECTED CRUISERS.

 

Constrection Board Discusses Plans,
and Armament.

WASHINGTON, July 2.—-At a meeting this af-
ternvon of the Naval Board on Construction
there was a general talk over the plans
for the three protecied oruisers authorized
by the Naval Appropriation act, which be-
came effective yesterday. The talk was in
formal, only three members of the board being
present, and it was agreed that no formal ac-
tion should be taken until all the mem-
bers could be aesembled. One  proponal
that met with favor was that the ships be
constructed on the plans of the New York «:

Brooklyn, thus insuring a great saving of time
in preparing designs, and to that ex:ent ex-
pediting the construction of the vessels. It wa.
agreed also that the ships should havea hig!
rate of apeed, from twenty-one to twenty-thre.
knots being suggested, As to the batteries,
there appeared to be a pretty general belief
that the main battery should be composed en-
urely of 6-inoh rifles, or perhaps two &«inch
rifles and the rest 6s. A suggestion which me!
with favor was that the main battery should be
composed of sixteen 6s, seven on each broad-
side and one each in the bow and the stern, the
idea of this concentration of cahber being to
have all main battery ammunition suitable for
every gun. The act says that each vessel shal!
be of about eight thousand tons, but the three
members of the board present to-day were evi-
dently in favor of exercising the discretion
given by Congress so as to secure 9,000-ton

8 .

the determination was reached to begin the
consideration of plane formally as soon as all
the members can assemble, The rd de-
cided to authorize the expenditure of $50,000 for
putting in new boi and doing other work to
the training ship Alllance. The work will be
done at the New York Navy Yard, where the
Alliance is lying.

Speed

 

AN ART CONGRESS IN PARIS.

As Attempt to Be Made to Bring Art As-
soctations Into Closer Relations.

Paris, June 28.—One of the most important
of the international congresses to be held in
Paris this summer in connection with the Expo- .
sition {s the Congress of the Arts of Design which
will hold {ts sittings from July 9 to July 12
inclusive. The delegates from the United Btates
whose appointment has just been announced
here are William A. Coffin, who represents the

section of painting, and Augustus St. Gaudens,
who representa sculpture. Both artists are
citizens of New York, and both are members
of the National Academy of Design and the
Society of American Artists. The congress has
been organized under the direction of Messra.
Bonnat, Detaille, Laurens, Carolus-Duran,
Bouguereau and other prominent French ar-
tists, and permanent officers, including the
President, who ia to be French, will be chosen
by the delegates. There will also be an honorary
President and Vice-Presidents. The work of
the congress will consist of the reading of pa-
pers on matters of interest in art in all eountrles,
the formation of plans for closer relations
tween art societies and inatitutions and discue-
sion of means for securing Iniernational legis-
lation relating to artists’ proprietary interest in
their works.

 

HALIPAX CAN BB TAKEN,
Attacking Party Wins in the Mobilization
Manceavres There.

Hauirax, N.S., July 2.—Halifax was proved
to be vulnerable in to-day's mobilization ma-
nouvres by the troops in this garrison. The
militia and the British regulars were divided
into attacking and defending forces and Hali-
fax was declared to be ina state of siege. The
attacking party were enabled to make a land-
ing and to successfully force their way for sev-
eral miles in toward the city. In doing this
they captured two companies of the Third
Royal Canadian Kegiment and took two guns
from the Royal Artillery.

The umpires decided that theattacking party
had scored a success, | defence duplicated
some of the mistakes made by the British in
South ft riee for it was on account of theirlack
of a full knowledge of all the roads that it was
voseible for the attacking party to entrap them
and capture a large number of prisoners.

 

 

 

Two Sheets of National Bank Notes Stolen.

WASHINGTON, July 2.—Secret Service officers
are trying to find out whowas guilty of the
theft of two sheets of national bank notee that
are mysteriously missing from the Bureau of
Fngraving and Printing. The theft occurred

about three weeks ago, and, it is said, could not
have been committed exe=pt by an employee.
Each note was of $10 value, four on each uncut
sheet, making altogether. The loas will not

fallupon the Government, but upon the ac-
ceptors of the notes. The notes were neither
numbered nor signed, and the Treasury sea!

had not been stam upon them. They found
their way ck to the Treasury, where they
were refused. No one seems to knowat the
banks where they were accepted the person
from whom they were received.

 

Two Licutenants of the Nevy to Be Retired.

WasHinoton, July 2.~The Board of Rear
Admirals appointed to select for retirement
two Lieutenants of the navy to complete the
forty vacancies which must oceour in the line of
the service every year inet to-day and finished
its work. The officers selected are Lieutsa.
John Gibson, now at the New York Navy Yard,
and Stukely Morgan, now onaick leave, Lieuts.
Gibson and Morgan were selected solely
on account of their ill health, which the board
believes will prevent them from performing
active -ea service Lieut. Gibson was appointe:
to the navy from Kentucky in June, 1874, an
Lieut. Morgan from Arkansas in June, 1876,

Chinese Minfster Will Not Deliver am Address
in Philadelphia on July 4,

WASHINGTON, July 2.—The Chinese Minister
said this afternoon that he would not goto
Philad+lphia to deliver an address July 4. This
decision has been reached by Mr. Wu on ao
count of the situation that exists in his country
atthis time. He feels, also, that if thereare an
who would object to having him deliver ana
dress on Independence Day he would prefer
not to embarrass them by doing so.

 

Commisstoner
Revenue.

WASHINGTON, July 2.—The duties of the
office of the additional Deputy Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, created by the last legta-
lative bill, were taken up to-day bv the ap-
pointes, James C. Wheeler. Mr. Wheeler wil
divide the work which the other deputy has
heretofore had to do alone,

New Deputy of Internal

 

Lieut, Draper's Remains Recovered,
WASHINGTON, July 2.—Gen, MacArthur
cabled the War Department this morning that

the remains of Lieut. Paul Drape, Twenty-
\ast eee

fecese Infantry, who was drow
ve bees resovered and buried at San