Dee: Maar . »

 

Mee pee

THE SUN, TUESDAY, JULY 3, 1900. y |
RESERVOIR BREAKS LOOSE, :

 

   
   
 

a

ADMIRAL PHILIP'SFUNERAL. | Mosport evel

 

  

 

rannor saveo rue may. — | CONVICT BR. T. RAIDERS, ew Zublicatons Bew Budiications,

meres | nnn ane
Toek Up Als Cry of “Help” Says a Veracios aaa

“BRYAN”

A POLITICAL PORTRAIT
By William Allen White

Me WHITE has scrupulously avoid-

ed discussion of political issues,
and in fact the introduction of any de-
tails which could not add to the vivid-
ness and reality of his picture. Ina
style alive with pointedness of epithet,
the writer describes Bryan's private life,
tells of the ambitions of his youth and
early manhood, and outlines his polit-
ical career, Mr, White, though he does
not defend Bryan's cause, is cordially
appreciative of some of his admirable
qualities of personal character, The
article contains a prophecy with regard
to the consequences if Bryan were
elected President.

McClure’s Magazine
FOR JULY ‘se TEN CENTS

Rudyard Kipling

A'NEW SOLDIER STORY

In this story the author is once more with Tommy Atkins.
In describing the British soldier he won his , atering
fame. The author has never done a better piece of work.
One characteristic of Tommy Atkins is here given:

“Gawd ‘as been 'eavenly good tome. J've 'eard a
few things in my time. I've ‘ecard Duke 'imself pass the thne
o'day toan'erse battery that turned up on the wrong flank
Long Valiey, 1've 'eard + oe on Salisbury Plain
vopd's endin’ a Volunteer ai ‘00 couldn't vide, an’
asked questions. I'ears * Smutty "Chambers lyin’ bind an
ant.’ill at Modder gettin’ sunstroke. I've'card what General

re
of the Navy and the Rey. Dr. Wilton Merle
Smith, will leave for Annapolis at 8:13 o'clock

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
    
   
 
   
  
  
  
  
  

 

 

 

: IMPRESSIVE SERVICES AT THE | this morning. The services will be held at| TWENTY CITY BLOCKS IN GRAND Neighbor. JURY OUT 25 MINUTES—ALLEGED
NAVY YARD YESTERDAY, Fite nave Cometer ob Apnapals af 89 col RAPIDS, MICH., FLOODED, Three-year-old Johnny Leonard of 20 East ATTEMPT AT BRIBERY.

 

 

134th street owes his life to the family parrot, qua
Diek. The boy was looking out of the window | Onecf the Twelve Makes AMdavit That Money

yesterday, and the sash, which was merely aes oe one eS i
propped up, fellupon his neck. Johnny shouted MeRi~Geewn, Packer as ¥ @ Cone
for help, but his head being outside the window Victed = Men— Henry Bogert Acquitted.
his mother, who wasat work in another part} Alfred R. Goslin, Eugene L. Packe> and
of the house, couldn't hear him. Charles Thomas Davis, three of the four men

Then the parrot took up the ery, | Who for the past week have been on trial before
says a veractous neighbor. ‘“Help!’’ | Justice Fureman in the Criminal Branch of the
“Help!” “Help!” he ecreamed, and the ery | Supreme Court on a charge of misdemeanor
brought Mrs, Leonard to the window. She | in that they conspired together to depreciate
rescued her child just in time to save him from | the market value of the stock of the Brooklyn
being choked to death, so the ambulance sur- { Rapid Transit Company, were convicted yes-
geon sald who was called from the Harlem Hos- | terday as charged. Henry Bogert, the fourth
pital to attend the ohild, — was acquitted by direction of the

Sourt.

After Ex-Gov. Black had finished summing
up for the defence yesterday and just before
the noon recess was taken Justice Fursman
announced that an atiempt had been made to
tamper with the jury. The Justice said in dis-
missing the jury for lunch:

“Gentlemen of the Jury: I am compelled to
order that you do not separate during the lunch
hour and that you retire under the surveillance
of a court officer, An affidavit has been sub-
mitted to me by one of your body in which he
States that an offer of money has been made
to him to influence his verdict.. He says that
he bas been approached and offered money to
bring about a disagreement of the jury. This
juror also swears in his affidavit that the person
who approached him announced that already
one of the jurors had been ‘fixed.’ Now this
is a very serious matter, and I wish to impress
upon you that if any other member of this jury
has been approached anda bribe offered him and
he fails to acquaint the Court of the fact he ts
guilty of @ very serious offence. You may
retire in a body to your lunch.”

After the jury had returned from their lunch
Justice Fursman delivered the charge, and
twenty-five minutes later the jury returned
with a verdict of guilty. Nothing further
developed about the alleged attempt at bribery,

The first witness called yesterday was Charles
D. MoNeeley, a bookkeeper employed by the
Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company. Ex-Gov.
Black asked him if the Brooklyn Rapid Transit
Company had ever paid a dividend, The wit-
ness said no, and Mr. Black started in to ques-
tion him concerning certain entries in the com-
pany’s ledger, but Justice Fursman would not
allow the questions. Robert L. Cuthbert an
expert accountant who had inspected the books
of the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company and
who was prevented on Friday last from telling
what he found in the company’s books, was

. deliver an oration.
Great Crowd of Officers and Men Were Pres- While the party was in Jersey City Wood-
ent-Eloquent Tribute by the Rev. Dr. W. | ward Philip, the son of the dead man, picked

, Smith—Body Lay in State fer Four | 4 dozen roses from a wreath that was on the
Hours-The Burta? To-day at Annapolis, | CO%n and presented them to the bearers, Dur-

ing the services at the house the sword on the
The funeral services of Rear Admiral Joha ith ue one presented to Rear Admiral
| ’ P ant’ * iilip by the citizens of Texas.
Ww. Pillip were held in the Commandant’s resi AumaPouts, July 2.—-An offetal order tesued
denve in the navy yard in Brooklyn yesterday | by Supt. Wainwright of the Naval Academy
. afternoon, The yard was crowded with the } authorized a military funeral for Admiral

friends and acquaintances ofthe family andevery sabe eee wg eg poee

army oMecer, marine and sailor who could ob- { Admiral Frederick Rogers, Rewr Admiral
tain leave of absence was present, as were C.S. Cotton, Rear Admiral 8. W. Terry, Pay-

Although the Homes of 10,000 Persons Were
in Danger and Many of Them Were Swept
Away Only One Person Was Hart Seriously
100,000,000 Gallons of Water Loose.

GRAND Rapips, Mich., July 2.—The city res-
ervoir burst this morning at 5 o’clock. releas-
ing 100,000,000 gallons of water which flooded
twenty city blocks, occupied by 10,000 persons,
destroying property of great valye, but injur-
ing only two persons, one of whom, a woman,
may die. First estimates of the loss to prop-
erty were exaggerated, many placiug it as high
4s $2,000,000, but later and more conservative
estimates placed it under a million dollars,
although this may be increased by damage
sults againat the city. .

The reservoir covered an area of four acres
and the water in it measured 26 feet deep when
the break came. This tremendous volume
broke forth without warning, and in an in-
oredibly brief space of time deluged the low
dands lying under the high elevation on which
was the reservoir. Houses and barns were
swept away by the rush of waters and some
were smashed into kindling wood. Streets
were torn up to a depth of 40 feet, and water-
mains that lay deep below the surface were
left exposed and some were broken.

The break was discovered by Albert Botsford
a morning newspaper carrier. As the young-
ster was passing the reservoir he saw a thin
stream trickle through the side near the gate-
house. The quickwitted boy at once aroused
4 half dozen families and sent them scurrying
down the hill toward the sleeping neighborhood.
Meantime the little rivulet had rapidly enlarged
until it had bored a hole three feet in diameter.
Then the pieces of cement, two feet thick, began
to give way, and in amoment, with a great roar
that was felt all over the hill, the water poured
out in a flood.

The etream was thirty feet wide and over ten
feet deep. Everything was swept before it. The
Mr. McAdam went upstairs and informed Mr. | *tteam parted after reaching Livingston street.
Applegate that Shaughnessy would not stop \ One branch found its way with a sweep behind
ringing the bell. a arose oa Pe the Frank McKnight’s residence at the corner of
Finally Applegate went to the door and ordered Newberry and Livingston, and down toward
Shaughnessy to mov e on. Clancy street, Coit avenue, Lafayette street and

"If you don't go I'll get a policeman,” he | the railroad. Everything was crushed that

“W . stood in the way. A smaller stream rushed
men vent move Si rot. eee down Bradford street, meeting and uniting at

Thereupon Mr. Applegate got a policeman | the railroad with the other and playing havoo
and caused Shaughnessy 's arrest. with the tracks.

While Mr. Applegate was telli his stor
in coer his daughter paced we and dow the The home of William Cooper on Clancy street,

: court le, wringing her hands. ne of the
a mein, Nama | wa be eC Mah ae abel | tec fh fod aad eid acrm e

re! 1 it ‘ y and be calm, but she w away from him an
Hero worship lives to-day as it bas always continued to pace the floor street. The occupants were asleep when the

lived, and when the ideals of young manhood | "Mr" MoAdam corroborated the story and | stream struck the house. Mrs. Cooper, 80

      
 

 
    

employees of the various departments in the ae General A. 5, Kenny and Capt. F. A,
yard. On the hill in front of the Commandant’s

LY residence were four companies of marines from
the barracks and the receiving ship Vermont
under command of Major Thomas N, Wood,
and four companies of bluejackets from the
battleship Kentucky. The body lay in state
from 11 o'clock in the morning until 3 o'clock
in the afternoon. Before the body had been
placed in the coffin a death mask was taken
from which a bronze bust will be made for the
new building of the Naval Branch of the Young
Men's Christian Association.

In the parlors during the services were all the
officers of the Navy on duty in this vicinity and
many prominent men of Brooklyn. The offleers
of the Argentine Republic warship, now in the
harbor, attended in a body. Around the coffin
stood the pallbearers, Seven of them had seen
service with Rear Admiral Philip at the Battle
of Santiago on the Texas, These eight bearers
were John King, T. M. Hunt, M. Johnson, J.
Dixon, G, Woolvett, H. L, Chenot, J. W. Mason
and T. J. Hansford. Real Admiral Sampson
attended the services, having come from Boston
for that purpose. He was in citizen's dress, Dur-
ing the services he became quite weak and was
assisted to the porch by Naval Constructor
Bowles.

The Rev. Dr. Wilton Merle Smith of the Central
Presbyterian Church, Manhattan, delivered
the invocation, Earl Gulick, the boy soprano,
then sang, “The Holy City,” and the Rev. Dr.
Robert McDonald of the Washington Avenue
Baptist Church in Brooklyn read the Scriptures.
“The Light From Heaven” was then sung by
Barl Gulick, and the Rev. Dr. Smith delivered
the oration. He said in part:

“Fortunate and happy the nation whose
heroes hold up before the people character and
life which will bear the most searching tests.
The youth in any land must ever retain the
impress of influences either for good or evil

       
  
   
   
 
   
  
   
  
    
   
  
  
    
 
   
  
  
 
   
 
 
 
   
    
  
   
 
   
  
   
 
  
    
  

   

MAN AT THE DOORBELL FINED 832,

   

 

   

Young Woman Shaughnessy Called to See
Leaves the Court With Him,

Philip Shaughnessy, the young man who
called to gee the daughter of Charles H. Apple-
gate at 22 West Sixty-first street on Sunday
night, and who was arrested because he would
not stop ringing the Applegate doorbell when
the young woman's father said he could not
see her, was arraigned yesterday before Magis-
trate Olmsted in the West Side court and fined
$2 on a charge of intoxication. Mr. Apple-
gate seemed pleased over the result of the
proceedings, but his daughter, who came to
court with tear-stained eyes, appeared to be
heartbroken.

When Magistrate Olmsted called the case
Shaughnessy stepped to the rail and gave his
name as Ditmar Schlichting. He said he was
26 years old and a clerk. He refused to say
whether he was employed in the Comptroller s
office or any other city department.

Mr. Applegate, who is publisher and editor
of the Mediator, a weekly paper devoted to

the interests of labor men, said that the prisoner
had called at his home at 10 o'clock on Sunday
night and rang the doorbell, Mr, Applegate
was entertaining ¢ friend, George AS McAdam
of 318 West Fighty-fourth street. When the

ll rang Mr. McAdam went to the door. Just
what happened there was not told in court.

OIL PAINTINGS BURNED.

 

   

Fire in Theron J. Blakeslee’s Sales Galleries
Last Evening,

Many valuable paintings were destroyed by
fire last night in a building on the southeast
corner of Fifth avenue and Thirty-fourth
street, directly across the way from the Wal-
dorf-Astoria. The paintings were the prop-
erty of Theron J. Blakeslee, a dealer, who used
the second floor as a gallery, the third as a store-
room for pictures, and the fourth for living

apartments. Tho first floor is occupied by A.
D. Vorce, dealer in oriental curios. Pol
a haberdasher, rents the basement,

Mr. Blakeslee and his family a ~ in Europe,
where he goes about this time every year in
search of paintings for his gallery. During
his absence John McDonald, an employee,
looks after the business. The Blakesiees
living rooms were in charge of Caroline John-
son, an old colored servant. She was the 0.
pereon in the building when the fire started.

About 7 o'clock William Lohnmann, a watch-
man, in trying the door of the building, saw
through the glass door flames on the second
anding. He ran to Thirty-third street and

‘ifth avenue, but found the fire box there out
of order and he made for Thirtieth street. The
box at this point was working but th poy
in calling the flremen gave the fire good head-
way. T Johnson woman discovered the
fire before the firemen arrived, and she es-

down a rear cea wey

All the oil paintings in the gallery were de-
stroyed, leaving only the frames, when the
fire was extinguished. In the northwest cor-
ner of the gallery on the Fifth avenue side,
lying across the back of a large u holstered
chair was a big American flag. The lower
part of the chair was burned, but the flames

pared the flag. They one up a light shaft
from the gallery floor to the store rooms on
the third floor and gained headway there for a
me

The value of the destroyed pictures will not
be known until Mr. Blakeslee has been come
municated with. Caretaker McDonald mere!
knew last night that they were “wor
thousands of dollars.” An artist who lives

88

 
 

Or eS ec eae een =

      
       
   
       
   

 

€ Bites ns

    
     
     
       
         
   
   
    

 

 
 

in the neighborhood said Mr. Biakeslee’s recall w. cavairy was too adrift.
n valled, Ex-Gov, black wauted him to explain aig when the caval: fate at Sticker.
diment in the life of s f ‘ would be upward of $60,000, The police put x s an tt ,
find seeming embodiment in the life of some o edged that Shaughn Fqned p detuspence years old, wasswopt in the waterdown Clancy | {t at $5,000, seomant ot the eles hres oa pee ob pon But all that was ‘Let me hiss'im for 'is mother’ t TZ

   

the nation’s heroes, the silent influence of such
a@ man becomes a constraining, mighty power
to shape and fashion character. Napoleon,
selfish with insatiate greed and lust for power,
debased fork acentury the Ideals of Franoe.
Wellington in his devotion to duty, his silent
heroism, bis character asa man, uplifted im-
measurably the very life of England.

“This thought is the key of all that I wantto
say. to-day of the strong, noble man whom
God has taken, His life and character have
been and will ever be contributing forces to
Uft men’s ideals of living to a higher plane.
Framed as this life is in the splendor of heroic
achievement, it constitutes a picture of truest
living which will have incalculable power over
the hearts of the young manhood of this land.

“sard this mornin’ ."

What he heard was the Colonel’s remarks toa subaltern
wre stupidity and arrogeace a whole {gn in the
War was interrupted. Kipling describes in lan-
guage such as ony 36 canuse. This {s a story of action and
a story of character. It is full of Hf pictures of mi
oredge-busisere, generals, common ers, engineers, rail-
road makers in action, carrying out the work of ‘‘Bobs” as
test whi cls alee aroteany pase
ic @ which is mos aordina nen
present day literature, 7 —

McClure’s Magazine
FOR JULY xs TEN CENTS

cluded the question. Mr. Black gaid that he

desired to prove that an item of $260,000 pe

ApReared in the eupenen account in the ledger

had been reéntered further on to cH the lista
3

stort hat have you to 0a [sbout this ?” inquired | street to Bradford street and down Bradford
Magistrate Olmsted, essing the prisoner. | str to alley, when the waters lodged her
“tel,” said _Bhaugnnessy, “I was there, oot to an alley the waters

but I was not disorderly I went to the house
to call on an old friend and refused to go away
when this nan threatened to call a policeman.
I waited until he did call a policeman and then

   

The fi started in some rubbish in the
hall on the second floor. Carpenters had been
at work there putting in a partition and it is
supposed that when they stopped work at 6
o'clock one of them dropped a lighted match
near or in the rubbish.

 
 

against a barn. There she clung, with eand
and water covering her body and leaving ex-
posed only a part of her head. When the flood
swept by she was rescued and taken to a hows
I was arrested. gt , Where she lies in a critical condition.

Under the circumstances Magistrate Olm- | Her husband was also swept down with the cure

rent and badly injured. No others were burt,
sted said the only thing for him to do was to as ly everybody had been aroused in time.

of assets, but Justice Fursman out explana-
tions short, and Samuel F. O'Neill, an of
boy, formerly employed by Goalin, was calle
aud asked about @ conversation with Henry
iar These questions also were ex-
“But, your Honor,” sald Mr. Black, “I simply
want to prove that there was some ground for
my apkiog Alexander if he had not told this
boy that Goslin refused Se give him 8500 when
he asked for !t several weeks ago, whereupo
Alexander sald: ‘Well, pever mind. 1 can ger
it from the prosecution.’ ” Justice Fursman
would not alter his ruling d Mr. ack an-
nounced that his case was closed and moved
that the Court direct an acquittal of the four
detendants. Justice Fursman said that he
would have to deny the motion as far as {t
applied p Goslin, Davis and Packer, byt that

    

 
    

MR. WILLARD OF OOLDWATER.

   

 

Prohibitionist Delegate Hubbed of His Watch
and Made to Buy Drinks in a Saloon,

Curcaco, July 2—James Willard of Cold-
water, Mich., tarried a few days after the ad-
journment of the National Prohibition Cone
vention to which he was a delegate and was
yesterday afternoon observing the steel struct-
ural work of the new Post Office building from
the Clark street side. While stroking his long
whiskers and squinting his eye calculatingly

    
 

“ ' The second stream struck the house of Mrs,
reachend the door ar aspiegaits Teaghiar whe Emma Melntyre,a widow, while she, herbr other
is a widow, met him and went away with him. and 3 red ct pede ee we ke Py 4
None of the persous concerned in the case As of the vote at Boas gh eens
clothes. The house of L. H. Curtias was also
cae perece betere = omy, mate, ee. if
. ” mh arou . v ouse floate own
TAX RATE TO BE ABOUT 2.80. hil intact and landed across the railroad tracks.
en eet ‘he woman did not awaken until lt had grounded

A Decrease of Eighteen Points from the Mane | and then set up ascream that sounded above the

hattan Rate Last Year. roar of the flood.

      
 

fine the Rinses

   

would discuss it after it had been disposed of
in court.

 

 

   

The most powerful influence that can touch a

 

i ; ‘anti s : The heaviest individual loss was that of Ed- ted mass a man of the light- \
Scenic = oe character | The vp a the ee ward pales, Whose home and bis cag reltig- A eed treserniey stole his watch, This was one ae Seer peo oo ee eee
SCEOMPHNOS 25) bVS NEroes idedd tions of real and personal property of the city | erating plant were completely wrecked, the | the watch that Hezekiah Butterworth of Mar- vidence, 6 CO! ) ; MARINE INTELLIGENCE.
“I need hardly speak to the company of Ad- loss footing up $9,000. The front of the house shall who married his sister Aranda, gave him, Black bey spears te etcrsrennwer: Mr BIG ARSON PLOT EXPOSED,

of New York were delivered to the Municipal) ; . ,

; f William McIntyre was cut off squarely and
Assembly by the Tax Commissioners yesterday. the family escaped by ladders from reat win-
Shortly after they were presented President | dow. The house of Mrs. Wright was com-

and Willard started in pursuit.
The thief took a course south, A crowd of
800 men and five policemen Joined tn the pureutt

sik i ae god Shot ines four efadants con- MINIATURE ALMANAC—THIS DAY,
Rapid Transit ompany’ that they circulated ONE OF THE PRINCIPALS WEAKENED | $'" Tises......4:33 | Sunsets. 7:98 | Moon sets . 10:84

 

miral Philip as an officer, You knew him far
better than I, Suffice to say there is no stain

 

upon his record, Itis one long history of duty, ‘ i letely turned around 60 that it faces west 1 ‘oldwater in the lead. > HIGH WATER—THIS DAY.
pobly and fearlessly done, Skill and faith: | Feitner camo out with a statement to the effect | FSteaG ‘Of eust. The residence of Richard = pl A oa "Prehivitios, delegate mumore, broascest res > the _countr, Trpat ANB TOLD SRG POLICE, Sandy Hook.12:01 | Gov. I'd. 12:38 | Hell Gate....8:08
fulosss in every branch of the service were | that despite the increases in assessments the | Dulcey was cut squarely in two. The scene rom his hat, and his long, white aria ers | of it! Four petty specubeherh cc ae a canes

eres of tue work; 90 @ bevigator he | tax rate will be about 2.80, which is eighteon | in the district after the flood subsided was | g.parated flowing impartially over his shoulders. | against. corporation with 603 000 capital They Were to Set Fire, It Is Alleged, to One Arrived—Monpay. July 2
foted ee cea "ted hin oe Geen points less than it was in Manhattan last year. at the head of Livingston street, whera the The thief entered the rear door of a saloon | Time has been wasted to brove to you that of o Sow of Thirty-six Two-Family Frame Se Tauric, Clarke, Liverpool, June 2

2,
these conspirators caused to he published Houses in Brookiyn—Said That the Owner | Sx Marquette. Gates, London, June 21.0
certain advertisements. The advertisements Was to Pay for the Job—Three Arrests. s Oneida, Staples, Georgetown, June 2&
signed “Truthseeker’ prophesied that BR. Altal, Morris, Kingston. June, 27.
T. would takeadrop. But didn’t {ttakeadrop? | . The details of a plot to set fire to a house Was | 8s Bristol City, Sandell, Bristol. June 14,
3. K. 'T. was then 81. Last week it was 49, | told in the Flatbush police court yesterday | $3 Aswakhan. Davies Amsterdam, June i@
ey oe 7 p Ewa. ve t sruthoaoker, when John G. Decker, a baker of 1170 Thirty- 8s El Rio, Mason, New Catias June 27,
the people the truth about ® cenmarat om that ninth street, and Morris Silver, a clerk of 216 i meses Wantis Wen Gaunt fone 26.
never patd a dividend than it isfor the directors | Greenwood avenue, Brooklyn, and Kert Lyons, | Ss Katahdin, Me vip Newport News,
of that company to inflate their stock by mak- | a walter employed ina concert hallat Coney U. S. transport M¢Phereon, Byrne, Boston, July 1,
Ss Anchoria, Wilson, Glasgow, June 21.

ing bluffs with offers of $25, y ‘
Rg I a 4 eae canes i Island, were arraigned before Magistrate Steers | §s Habil, Gudmindsen, Norfolk, June 27.

conspiracy than they would be {f they had stood | 0M a charge of attempied arson. Decker is the 8s Rio Grande, Averg, Brunswick, Ga., June 30,
on the fifth floor of a tall building and, sesing | owner of several of tbe thirty-six two-family Bark Marinin, Morell Buenos Ayres, May 7.

an elevator, coming down, exclaimed: ‘The | ¢rame houses in Thirty-ninth street running

and rouh the front door. When
Mr. Willard reached the rear door he hesitated,
but a moment later he was forced in by the
crowd gathered in his wake. Friends of
thias frag ed the Prohibitionist up to the bar,
police say that na wee compelled to pay
for the drinks for “the house” before he was

Bort hie ase go to the Central station and re-
rt >

acai er neerane Bs Bes oes et
nous To! w

pay ron in drinks for his liberty. Mr. Willard
fete or Coldwater last night, and w asked
if he would bring back a description of the watch

loved him and trusted him implicitly. One of
ed battleships, named the ‘Hoodoo’ of the
avy, he, by his skill, his knowledge of smali-
tails, 8 dendid captaincy, his personal
pularity, rechristened, until] now it holds
ront r in the affections of officers and men.
And the splendid record of the set ye its
Magnificent gunnery and its all-round lene
will be imperishably associated in history wit
the renown add glory of ita fighting captain,
A single phrase describes A al Philip's
official life—devotion to duty. Whatever he
warned his hand to displayed his remarkable

efficiency.
ie cared little for praise, He never courted

The Council and Aldermen met in joint session | break came, the street for a block was filled

at noon to receive the rolls and there was a ie 6 pees sopes*. egnes and toke rom
eo WwW 0 iM . p 0
quorum of both houses, Despite the fact that sembianoes to streote had been blotted out

the rolls have always been referred to the Com- | and the region was a mass of broken boards,

mittees on Finance, Councilman Cassidy bobbed | uprooted trees, aa of porches and
up with a motion torefer them to the Com- be c ete ri ele. cone oe ho’
mittees on Boroughs. His resolution was de- wreck age were flooded with wai ‘and pan

feated,s4 to 30,and Alderman McCall's motion to pee AA aot 8 fe ee oe cul rol
i. % . pn y

refer them to the Finance Committees was car- anne sureets, where the flood euruck the bardene

ried, 34 to30. There are no members from | and the entire district will bave to have new

Queens on the Finance Committee, hence the | streets from the foundations/_

 

 

 

  
  

 

 

 

 

  

      
  
 
  
  

  
   
  
  

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

larity. He despised the pulls and . The Detroit, Grand Haven and Milwaukee | replied; . ‘
Elesnse’ others ‘detaad senemasy tr une opposition of Councilman Cassidy. | The tax | Railroad 1s completely tied up by the food, Gosh, no; Ill send numbers. levator 43 falling! See, it is coming downl | oo wweltth to Thirteenth 4 b REPORTED.
Vancement, and was content silently and in- | ycnicina) Assembly for twenty dare, duri One wrecked house lies across the tracks and Look out! rom Jweilth to Thirteenth avenues, and he | gs Rotterdam, from New York for Rotterdam, of
conspicuously to do his duty. Instead of Municips See ei be Ore foe pullin iH | tons of sand must be shoveled off. The main | CLAUSEN BREWERY FIRE-SMITTEN. Deputy Attorney-General, John Proctor | lives with his familyin one of them. Hisbakery, | the Lizard.
frowning poder the burden of routine he threw Seite a A public heat! ne will be Fiven and e is also mene oo a = ao ae rae ae eee nuatedl the evidence step which is on the ground floor, was, it is alleged, “omen
eart and soul into it. Eve’ j ' ’ passeny cl @ sen ' =
yard, & station of any kod bo ‘iled. tele at | Suerte hee which wilthow'be uniforacia | argund on the Pere Marquetig line Fee eee Tre rrtutag Gocciens | ferseuct 4th ary othiltn hat hed Reuped in| tbe set on fro =o
once the thoroughness of his touch. The man = ot a nh as te meu samen Supt. Barney Meyers of ¢ © icity pum in, man Hart by a Falling Cornice, the case. Justice Fursman delivered his charge Lyons, according to the story told to Fire ak To-day.
was duty incaruate, It mattered little where ihe 0 ughe, gueers, BS oe Gee eT ee ; | ptation stated at a meeting of the Board o sae the iene ts he eels {n forty-five minutes. He directed that Henry | Marshal Brymer and Magistrate Steers, was to Mails Close. Vessel Sots,
his way Jed, ‘whether to glory. or to obscurity, re than one point. This statement, showing | )vOFKS to-day that there was only twenty Malt dust aro . = : Bogert should be scquitte After phe Jury had {ve $35 for helping to apply the torch, and | %;,W: det Grosse, Bremen, 700A M 10 60 A
he would do his duty. It was here he dis- ere eased waliations of real and’ ath s four feet of wator in the reservoir, or two feat | mill of the brewery of Henry Clausen & Sons, | 4 ared its verdict of fu ty W. M. K. Oloott, | Tecesve or he!lp o apply the torch, and | Aigmo, Colon...-....+++:-. 930AM 100
la; ye his sterling qualities as a solider, He | $° ccompanied the rolls as th nal | below the danger line, but two citizens who were at 309 to 825 East Forty-seventh street and gos | Who ha pega assisting Mr. Black in the defence, | Sliver was to get $100 for his pert in the trans- | Cufic, Liverpool... ..... sone 12 00
fad learned the seidier's greatest lesson. arreeres & the Aesombly: y were | aroused by young Botsford declare that the requested that the defendants be kept in the | action. Lyons said that be met Sflver on Fri- | Comanche, Charleston ... see
“As an officer he wou men's admiration, | 2l¥e ae water was running over the top. Meyers | to 516 East Forty-eighth street, exploded last | Tombs for ten days tn order that time might be | aay last and tho letier asked him if he wanted | =! Dorade. New Orleans. 01-5... 8 008 \
Asa man he won their love. The distinguish- | Bcrovam, Real Estate § wintry Totas. was recently appointed and thero is a diposi- | night and caused a fire that swept the three | had to secura a certificate of reasonable doubt. and tbe latter asked him U he wan Sal To-morrow.
ing feature of his character as a man was its nb V.n82,23 1,608,058 $4 hee eet 08.08.300168 tion bs hold him responsible for failure to watch | ,, floors of the five-story building clean. Justice Fursman said that he would reserve | to make some money, Lyons said that he did, | g, routs, Southampton... 1000A MM *
all-aroundness. It was @ peculiar combina- aetre bai'30a'800 43037440 698 336/940 the condition of the water more » Al ara alarms were sent in and the fire depart- his decision until he passed sentence at 10:30 | and Silver then told him, it is alleged, that he | Maleatic. Laverpool....... 1200M
tion of a giant’s courage and the tenderne rant 104,427,772 6.498.681 100,926,453 vernent wag started this afternoon to re | ment had a hard fire to conguer. o'clock this morning. ted him to assiet In setting fire toa b t | Kensington, Antwer 1200M
of a woman. His courage was often tes tchin'd 427231024 6.264.204 —48'988;128 Hove the homeless onos. At least titty fame Frank Schultz of Truck 7 was bit mente a , 6 & Bouse at | Navahoe, Charleston 300P M
' in the Civil War when the young officer was in | ~~” “a 0681128 | ies will have to be taken care of. b re illine cornice on the Forty-eighth street | ALIMONY, OR JAIL FOR B ater or nial as id ‘Se raed. ene “fo: Sati Thursday, July 5.
} fleroest battle time and again and at lastwas | Total..83.16,8647,700 $468,874,408 3,054,122,103 | Grand Rapids city reservoir is at the sum aide and Goth of his arms were injured. A , UCKEL, rel Detectives Shee and Busby or Coney | Le Towrsine, Havre. ...... 630A 10000 M
wounded in action, In many trying and deli- The figures for last year were as follows: mit of a high sand hill, the top of the embank- fty-foot flagpole fell through the roof into f b as to take place their Kaleer rieh.Hamburg 680 A 10 00
cate experiences, rotecting American | porough. Real Estate. Personal. = Taal, | Ment being about 160 feet above the level of building and out through four wine | EX-Brewer Has Gone Through Bankrapten, | Yoh? made an appointment io mest River | Yucttan, lavana.rss.ser 100 P 3008 t
interests in foreign lands during the lone | Gru Canal street on the west. and an equal dis- narrowly encaping te men but That Doesn't Help Him. rook ht Trinidad, Bermuda....... @00AM 1000A
ears of peace, then at Santiago when the | 4 The tance above the tracks of the raftroad on the | GoW Into when acts tawer tae Bremen oa pURSay ang took him to his roots weere |
uspiring leadership of its captain sent the | Br'nx. $2,178,605,905 $400,482,930 $2,669,088,835 | east aide of the hill, On the north side of the prevented the flames from spreading beyond & moten of Deter Botha, tormeriy of the Bets te thein. The electives Were in room INCOMING STEAMSHIPS,
Texas into the hottest of the fray and made | Br'kiyn. ,609,822,267 45,270,718 #58.002'088 | hill the descent 1s precititous and unoccupied, Pe diree floors abd when the fire was out the | Peter Buckel Brewing Company, for his release walks gant evarnehee the senversaiion *
her guns contributory factors in all and 4 de- | Queens, (103,752'600 6,314,032 110,066,632 | but Livingston stroet, on the south, reachas | jue Eiree fod $40,000 from Ludlow Street Jail, to which h ; y rther 84 d that Bil old him th ae
ciding, factor in the destruction of at least | Riehm'd 40,204,002 __3.838,800_ 44,108,883 | almost to the gatehouse of the reservolr, Rast ofthe brewery has 90,000 barrels of beer in | mi:ted last Thursday for falling to pay his wife Decker was to be lu the bouso apd that be Was Pepe svete eee meres oes ams
one of the opposing fleet. But this pictu ——_——— ee ee oO f Liv! ston strect e land descends y bi , i 7 VUDIA....seeeeseees see eens CUD . peer ee ees SRS
iG aap Ge ante ucidar, of & man wee Wd | Total.#2,032,445,464 $545,906, 565 §8,478,352,020 , Sveeenne aro occupied. in series ty Cait | te cellar, The managers seid lass night Spi alimony of $100@ month, was denied by Justice cave rh tL Bi, oe a4 gered. | John Fothergill.....+...... Barbados. sess. June
underneath the coat of mail greater glories | ‘The total increase in valuations is $175,770,164, | avenue, ‘Clancy and North Lafayette etreets, | Wheth d the McAd f the § Py be © | Fournel........ soe BLOVEG. +s qpoesesos AMO
far of heart and soul. In the smoke of battle | The real estate increase is $296, 102,286, but there | The small stream whioh bored its way through be crippled or not depended upon eames cAdam o @ Supreme Court yesterday, ad been fired in order to give him an oppor- | Texas.....+. +A+. SOAS. . +e ee June 17 j
tho finer sensibilities leap to expression, The | {sa decrease of $69, 392,074 in the personal prop- | several feat o rypeie gad concrete work evi- gf damage to the boiling ketleson tho third | Buckal {s now salesman for a whiskey house renee wile oe Sure Gs s cna Pocahontas. “Oibraitar June rf ;
Aquendo was sinking. the bursting of a mag- | erty valuations. The falling off In the nal dently made swift work with the outside em- | 29°F —— and has gone through bankruptcy. He con- pe The time tixed for the fire wae 2.80 | Genesee... ‘London.... &. 19 ;
azine upon the ill-fated vessel called forth | property assessments is due to recent decisions | bankment. Tho entire hill, incliding the em- tended that the debt was discharged by th ol die terday morning, as Decker’s em- | Sirdar..... Gibraltar... 10 Sl
5 caer from ithe pores fate... the fighting | of the courts exempting the property of cer- penne t, Is composed of p feos oer ot NEW MASCOT AT FIRE HEADQUARTERS. | 5 ruptey procesdiug, He also act u that ploy oes ‘would then be away with the wagons Caracas... San USB. som 88 i
c 1, r@sistiess in battle, shows now his | tain corporations. 6 increase In e sand an vel, wi wou m away e , : Advanee....+> rr OM. . .crccvciecees 2
pasuanimity in victory. Poot cheer, boys, | valuation of real estate is due to the Franchise | snow before the rush of water. He's a Valuable Dalmatian Hound—To Go on pay the money. Tp oppesttion Lawrer, alk ed “When questioned by Fire Marshal Brymer a” Qalvenon-s coo. }
Syppery What a renbation Mot “eter, Te lere was more swearing off of taxes this hove a Livin ton treat Bearoes the gate, a Brackier,‘naid raat eee Mg spending | Lyon watd that be and Silver leit, Coney land eee Due To ve eee i
noble heart. This incident is only one ex- | year than last,” said President Feitner of the | house, washing them away, and then it turned Fire Engine Company 89 at Fire Headquarters ee who hae two children = of oo a re ake aiillver Or Rees ake hates ta Oceanio......++ enverrese soe Liverpool ......+0 dune t
Froasion oF ‘the lovabi in “ of John en Philip, | Tax Poare in egpalaing He georenes Ve "le mre to gwen over ine hye g aboye ae in East Sixty-seventh street has the most valu- | Columbia College, as he has done for more than | few minutes and when he came out heremarked | Barbarosan ++ Bremen... i
s red man in the r ; , x valuations, * yo h tie Tosein, @ railroa chargin \ : oneaes bashee ° 7
cause there was something behiod af oor - oe ver the books a $10.060 000 assessment eonew St onoks Creek, The creek runs threagh able fre dog in America. His name is Joe and | eigh oa ayy ld that Buckel was ar- | that it was a glorious morning for a fire and | Ane. Wiihelt IT. ‘ mh
hahind his effictency as pS age, | t fOr ware aad Hedecn Railroad, asd Fa team endl gather harrow tol he was presented to the company yesterday by rested after a unt by the Sheriff while he | that the wind was blowing in the right way for Marietta L
tee arp lavas bt an 2 Boer something on Ly, tr ee eS ee er ce ths sateanal we, hottom ofa Geen and Sate Per ar ley D wal z ot Agee J was ata picnic. 5 daughter had polnted him | everything to burn up. Heafterward, accord- Madiana.. ’ Wi as, ‘
all Teer tee” Von ee nan ond hat Grew $2,000, oom Leet siket ered oe an — mS lay ek tedien vam at at J, Seligman of 11 a ae nt firest. 08 | out to Peputy snesi W ering. He said that | ing to Lyons, told hjm that everything was .
cut off his right hand to hel ohn v5 would solate p Fiabe cut. Then again the Corpora: not carr rooos had phy ge . wa wk isa Dalmatian anc vali oP $1, 00. 4 Buckel could readily pay the arrears, which | ready for business and took him into the house. ;
he Waa tus os bias elp you. ou knew | ments ha 1 ted lot of uncollectible Twenty rwo ye ‘id & but Boa eservoir | pany 30 is first due on arms from the | amount to only $384. He stated that the courts | In tho cellar he showed Lyons, the latter | European.........- “ reer
op @ane-~you felt the power of tinct arent nes Gg eet &. simply didnt oat peome s Bite” hae’ frat . ee - hoodoo Cav iets where #o many disastrous | have held in several cases that proceedings in | alleged, a large bottle of kerosene anda can of | © ‘B
You knew he was a man of a inte nt os — wT cin this year.” me "y at math ana the disghar ain ors occurred last year. was willie tniilion 6 bankruptcy do not relieve from alimony, fat onthe stove and a lot of barrels which wer oonoores . *
Gor cee af eke vaee ee + n onne eart. | these on the ’ n a four- Led “ but? *, 2 a oe will wear a silver colla on ta le jn- filled with paper and rubbish. Lyons assert Seaman
ccc ‘Dae ‘ yeu . not mpow the direction where there were but few houses at | geription and crossed Gumpete ap , adders, 80 SAYS BOWERS WAS HIS BRO that Silver told him that they must sprinkle the "
to him knew what it meant to lose as the head SEMBRICH COMING BACK. oo ae eth a reepes Ys will Dot ine o his debut a Se, oa ae Ge aes Sr ee Sustnens Botiers.
of the house one whose gentleness mude the Se Be QUIZ FOR HEROES? until the Fourth, when after the 8 o'clock roll Body of a Rich Man Disinterred to Establish “ier ine h
» . rything had been arranged for setting fire i
MLS acted ai at bh Cte te | Ee eee : call he will be declared ready for active duty as Relationship. to the plaos when Acting Captain Coles and the | , Rt. , Winslow's Soothing oyrup i
{a seen {n his solic ick for the me ee Her Owa Company. Test Case to Be Made on the Promotion of asvipe By Oa Fae Socom, soesemae with Yonrkens, July 2.-The body of William Geto) ves appeared and placed Se mee eneer ys pain cures windoolie. diarrhea. tha be ;
mains’ ss tas Var? Tard, tod Ker wavhad | ccteney ena cianet th tee bane of bar OUR Soeeennne Sree Sree Fpr the twenty-tour hours between 8 &.M, | Bowers, who diet four months ago loaving an | {nue cuntody-and sald that he wan @ frend of | =< ,
‘make tt possi P county r Dennis Grady, who was recently named as | 0D Ju Oe ; | | estate valued at $100,000, was disinterred to-d cker’s. The latter, when be came down- rmBx> , 4
r ‘ enn rady, 000, a }
Suoteedt” in intoretiog’ ye ae ue opera and concert company and will dll en-| ,ereeant by the Police Commissioners for res- per of the Bre [ores of Greater New York will at the request of John Bowers of Sneseneter, centre, aeld het Miver wae * rigbt and fre rm: : a
: Rs e { . . ’ Co .
; Zones - ho has ren male to rake his gagements here wh " cemb 7 until April - coulng a drowning man from the East River, N.J., who wished to prove that the dead man | Decker was algo taken inte custody. BROKAW.—At the Carlton Hotel, London, af pneu 1
4 fe gave Admiral Philip such Gabon Me ue C. L. Graff, formeriy business manager Of | | oved before Justice O'Gorman of the Supreme BELL TELEPHONE STRIKE. was his brother. After examining the body he Silver admitted that Decker had given him monia, on June 28, 1900, Elisabeth F. Gould, be i
f Isfaction and happiness as this prospect of thd Melba -Damrosch Opera = Company, | Court yesterday to compel the Municipal Civil * es sald spate rele oe Combe . a itam Bowers gage ey eee at m ler fold ty locos we oe Wena ¥. Siena 4
2 Be , . 7 . * 5 : y om i : y j
’ ous apd conned os tes’ rae of te = ge ; pnb . vo ao Bervice Commissioners to recognize him asper- | Strikers in Rochester Renew Thety Bioteus fees, ke W Har ‘oft n will, Jglin Rowers may the two men, and said that he did not know Notice of funera) hereafter, i ;
me al 1 canspe apie ee hemor yo ble for fifty performances here, geant Without an examination, At the time of Conduct—Assaults and Arrests, get tho entire estate. is sald to be a man of phat his place was to be set on fire. He and | MITCHELL.—At his home, Rye, N. Yon Monday, '
has made the dream posstble will be enshri gj eed to be a larger salary than any | the rescue he was a roundsman, Rocursrer, July 2—The Bell Telephone | means. William was eccentric and his manner | Silver were held for further examination on July 2, 1900, Pringle, elder eon of Donalé @, |
this splendid work 4 ne Coenrs other singer has everreceived in this country Cosporaticn Counsel Whalen said that while " : k » of living led the people of Yonkers to beliey: Monday, and Lyons was paroled in the custody Mitchell. \ ‘
“I need! hardly speak of that memorable so f Mr. Graff went to Mme. Sembrich’s | be did not want to appear as opposing the ao- | linemen, who are out on strike, are bound to | that he we: Another John Bowers of | of the detectives. Tuesday, July 8 19090 from
on the Tevas at the closa of that flerce battle before, Mr. Ura : : tion of the Police Commissioners in raising a | make serious trouble before long, as they are | Watertown, N. Y., asserts that the dead man the building in which Decker lives Is valued Funeral day, uly , a B00R, bie
two years uso. The war of the guns had ceaseq | 2ome in Dresden shortly after her return and | man to a higher rank for heroio conduct, it | j, an ugly mood, some of them being inflamed | Ws hig brother and he has retained a lawyer to | &t $4,000. It is said that there iy but $1,000 in- home, Rye. N.Y. Interment at New Haven, Osan.
and the xpanish ships lay wrecked and yan. | succeeded in arranging the tour, which is to | was desired that the Court make @ fullng on | 11 or and many encounters took place to- | !°OK after his interests. COTES OO Oe PRESTON.—Suddenly, on Saturday, June 80, 1000,
Ouished on the reefs. In tho silence which | extend throughout the country and will in- ne Puree a Ot i , tas . * ; , . h sidence, 100 West 60th st, A
follawed + an we aes ae 4 . , . Civil Service Commissioners was that the Po- | day. They broke out into renewed riotous ‘ RGEST FLAGSTONE DOWNTOWN, at her re 5 , Anna
Pema wir Sars gk and hese | clude, qperatic” rerfonmancee gud ,ccpeet's | lice cominissoners cmnnot promote without an | Grhavivr this morning at the ‘corner of State |  PREIORTER HITS FERRYRoAr. | 14 Mivber, dauetter of Chale A. Tati and wit |
{ ‘ yma sehbtes matt nevertnarercas = iste oe ‘ , - ‘ _ | examination in the case of heroic conduct with- 1 Allen streets, where they assau eter SE F ick D, Preston
pat hellere In lod the Father Almuhth. and fectfon of Benor “forlos Bevignanl.. The par one approya 77 re 7 wpe nad pes Kennedy, a Raemen, pee ves ot work, knocked The Mohegan Runs Down the Columbia\jin | * tg By Aan nom Mn suomi. ad peneesl sorvioee will be held at Christ Church,
Want vou office ift your hats | chorus irehestra will, ace: mp: yr. | Deen obtained in the case of Grady, Justice | him senseless, and might have done worse hac the East River. :
a ides u officers and man to Jift your have spores, nad oF cheatra w tne eee the | O'Gorman reserved decision. not a ble itn gg Bee ye A seco While the Grand street ferryboat Columbia | 4 crowd was attracted yesterday in front of a 71st st, on Tuesday, July 3, 1900,
im?” T kn ne! o his , F ; . ‘La ' ” amma” seene al Y ) wwwes 7 - ae }
1 iapasedegp elias saludbendasnsceste il'Harblere, di’ Beviglla,” Lucia” ‘and hl. HOODLUMS AT PARK CONCERTS. Fingieader of the Miotars, who gave the name | was crossing the East River to Williamsburg | 128 Broadway whore workmen were laying an STOUT.—On Monday, July 2, 1900, at her residenes,
tat the conclusion of the prayer delivered by goletio.”” Mme. Sembrich will be heard also , ae oo ; of Hear Marshall, He was released on $50 | shortly after 7 o'clock yesterday morning she tee deter. ee 21 East oth ot., Anne Morris, daughter of the
the aa nthe tent meprere surree mapa, will begin at Carnegie Hallin the | 98 Thetr Account the Band at Mount Morris “The telephone company, through its resi- | was run down by the freighter Mohegan of the Tas 7 ina ake anit eaten in ame by late William Walton Morris of Morrisante and :
Mandants residence and as it was lifted ints second week of December witha song recital Park Wont Piay in the Evening. dent manager, A. H, Vanlels, requested pro- | Central Vermont line. The Mohegan was going | * ‘There are only two large flagstones in th widow of Aquila G. Stout, in the 05th year of her zi
the hearse the band plaved “Nearer, Mv God, | to be followed by similar appearances in Boston g y Park by the | tection from the police department at poon | down theriver. Beforethe ferryboat could clear city,” said one of the workmen. “One in Rent ase
0 Thee.” As the procession. started, headed and Philadelphia, The com any will arrive The concerts in Mount Morris Par y the to-day. After a conference between Com- | the freighter she was struck on the port side of Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt's residence at u hel G
¥ the band and the escort of marines and blue | here during the latter part of December | Sauadron A Band will be given on Friday after- | missioner Cutler and Chief of Police Cleary, | neur the paddie box by the Mohegan’'s bow, Fifty-e'ghth street and Fifth avenue, which is yews) serine wee be See 8 Siem Sue
un thirteen minute guns were fired from | and Mme. Sembrich will begin a tour | noons after this week instead of on Tuesday | six policeman weer detailed a aCe, gnere, were ow parnntsan he Fig! serevoans 25 feet by 15 feet, and the one in front of Broadway and 10tb s., Thursday, July 6, 1900,
The y of the | prircipal ware of oe, country, | evenings. The Park Department in announcing coe coe eS ia eee sey Reb ¥ ie meccenden ie Wikteburs” and | William H. Whitney's home across the street, at 10 A, M. Interment at Greenwood Cemetery, i
pe honorary — pallbearers were Medical | traveling as far West as San Francisco, | the change yesterday igsued a statement to the | 80 Unt ssi nduleed { * , , : . which is 26 feet by 13 feet 6 inches. This, how- | TEMPLEMAN.—At Yorktown, N. Y., suddenly on
tector George W. Woods, Pay Director Ed- | wh re a series of operatic performances ‘ 0 by the dis- Striking lnemen indulged in disorder in | after discharging ber passengers went to the | aver, is the largest stone that ever Waslaid i (
Ward Putnain, Capt. Frank Wildes, Capt. : | wi » given duri March. Mr. Graf, | @eet that it was made necessary by the dig | ety street in front of Charles Sugru's res- | repair yard at the foot of Broome street. ee s ard je July 1, 1900, John C. Templeman, aged 22 years,
lop 7th. Capt. Pre ildes, Capt. H.C. | will be given during | March, ‘raf, | order|y and boisterous conduct of young hood- | O&tt* pe Alaa, . New York in the business portion of the city.
me “ae ( i Chester, Naval Constructor | who cotur he d Vy preaden By sa of London, lums of both sexes, who were the most con- eal br the eat rele house ee are ee ee ne cameemernerenenanseen ee of 398 Miller av., Brooklyn, the residence of his
ms, Kear Admiral Sampson and Major- | engage there for Mme, Sembrich’s company | gpfeuous members of the 6,000 or 7.000 people in | employ re ae Torephone ~Company New Grand Jury May Hear Ice Case, brother-in-law, the Rev, Alexander Mathewson,
heared tocke They were in the rear of the | Signor Bensaude, the fires ary tone of the Cos the perk, Sal DACae, Under the Park Depart- Re ee en eee eee eee cad feed a Scietia Sank 84k BROOKLYN SCHOOL BOARD, Funesa! services Tuesday, July 3, 1000, at 8 P, M
Of the Een directly behind the draped pennant | yent Garden company. ma. M coe s astvetin ment administration of park police affairs, the yelled. The police were called and the strikers Judge Foster, wie th Oey oe © Court at the Kast End Baptist Church, Van Siclen av. . i
i of noah Admiral, whion was ontriac by one $PS Aran Ore eee Vowember ene it a statement says, no sucn trouble as this was are compelled to keep moving. Mr. Sugru | of General Sessions, swore in yesterday the July | Swanstrom Dropped —Nine Reappointments ness Seeamaenn ith f
ot the Navy and the visitors snd the emplovess not improbable that Mr. Graff will engage the | ever experienced. was forced to deny any meals t the linemen | Grand Jury. Edward J. Cuddihy, an under- one HOW Se WILBERFOSS.—On Saturday, June 39, 1990,
. the Various buildings in tye yard, ‘The march | entire company for this country, Mr. Graff is 4,000,000 Raised for fear of serious trouble taker of 348 Fast Fifty-fifth street. was selected Nine members of the Brooklyn School Board . *8S.—On Saturday, June 30,
whe to the we Nina at the foot offMain street, | also to direct the concert tours of Mme, Ciadski About 97,000, 7 aoenrinaemante as foreman, It was sald in the District Attor- | were reappointed by Mayor Van Wyck vester- Faemes Sareios Woeeness
puere the coffin was placed in a large oaken | and Andrea Dippel next year. The Rey. Edmund M. Mills, secretary of the Ten Thousand Coal Miners Out on Strike. ney’s office yesterday thatif Binstely & Town- ae a , : Funeral from hts late residence, 64 Glen Ridge av.
oor The Nina conveyed the remains to Jer- commision in charge of the $20,000,000 fund BIRMINGHAM, Ala., July 2.—Ten thousand gend oe > Gane ora od icra bi es rte . eae wee oa Pease Con Teton He. OF FP. Os TURE) Cae
na ty, OD board were Barret and Wood- | x ; } ho Dry Goeds Distri a ak aes Genk onuee ¢ om se American Lee Company further District At- . Edward Swanstrom, who has been bringing ; ae af ids
y urd Philip the sons of the Rear Admiral, now ewes ompany oe ” to ‘ a ? : i called for by the Bishops of the Methodist Epis | alabama coil miners suspended work to-day, | t rney Gardiner would resubmit the matter to proceedings as counsel against Comptr ler bay 5 care. aaa bs pera ——
a ord, H. West, aval Cope Chief Croker yester ay organ zed a 7 w it conal Church as a twentieth century thank pending the settlement of their wage dispute the July Gran’ dury | Coler, was not reappointed. Those reappointed nas sclatees <i sso P.M. ond Nesdap
ray of Gr ae laid ; enn q A engine company in quarters in East ‘Twelfth offering, announced yeste'day that more than } with the operators. The miners demand an ad- | : r are: J. F, Bendernayel, Graham H eae, eae : Se
. ‘ vernome Toland. & salute of thire | Street rear Fifth avenue. The new company | one-third of the amount has be n raised and | vance of 40 per cent. in wages. The operators Appointed State Gas Meter Tester. } Horace B. Dresser, dohn Harrigan, John shati2cuP. M. English papers please copy,
Klins was fired from Fort Colum- will be No. 72 and will be a part of the sixth | that $9,000,000 of this has been enined by Grouse pave soruges _ pre oe naw the old ALBANY, July 2.—State Inspector of Gas ero yee. Remus) R Fepires J harles ": —_— —_—_—_—_—_—_—
a ae A ; “ . { ' Cente ' rs eB, ) niver- | scale which expired yesterda is a 60 per = i se, James Wright ar chard Young.
Carried (th Fenn aviv Sis’ malirand’ ot ton Pertesen. cee eleamen. Tins epbanlens ane Veede the ee with esps008 Syracuse cent. advance on the scale which prevailed t p | Meters James Trow Alexander to-day ap- | new commissioners appointed are Charles 7. New Publications,
Bd pit on hoard a car which lat Jersey City | tion of the company has been delayed several | University, which guaranteed to raise $260,000, | to a year ago, and the operators say that In | pointed John Gordon of 355 Boulevard, Long | Hettesheimer, Edware L Collier, John’ Mob: | - Ss ~——
Mt aa es at iwidnight with Commander | months owing to the scarcity of officers, there | has met with such generous responses thavit | view of the decline in iron and the dulness of | Island City, as State gas meter tester, The | roy, Joseph Totten, leider B. Sebmidt and Joba READE's “Maniyrgom of Man;" Voltaire and Rouse
liffors H. Wost acting ag an honorary escort being no eligible-tist for promotion, hopes to be able to double that amount, ( the trade, this is the best they can do, salary is $3.50 per day. ¥, Fagan. seau's works; 6% PRATT, 1}i Ciba |

root RNR 8 re
Ne ti ki lll ci Tillie i en