5

 

VOL, LXXIV.—NO, 61,

So ON

 

MRS. EDDY MEETS REPORTERS,

ANSWERS THREE QUESTIONS, BUT
DOESN'T SAY SHE'S FREER,
Walks to Carriage {n Presence of Inter
viewers —Says She Is Well and Ilias Ne
Physician but God—Shews Her tee and
Trembies as With Paisy —Klentifed.

Conconp, N. H., Oet. 29.-Mary Baker
Eddy is alive, bnt she is old, rather feeble
and is suffering from some complain’ like
palsy, which makes her head and hands
shake.

She gave probably the last interview of
her life this afternoon to eleven reporters
from Boston and New York, and now, in the
wores of one of her household. “the gates of
Pieacant View are’closed forever.”

Ever since last Sunday, when a New
York newapaper printed a story to the effect
that Mra. Eddy was under control of her
household and thata Mrs, Pamelia Leonard,
a healer of Rrooklyn, was impersonating
the leader of Christian Science on her daily
drive, the city hes been full of reporters.

H. Cornell Wilson, science press agent for
New York and vicinity, arrived Monday
morning and stood between the reporters
and the household at Pleasant View.

Archibald McIellan, editor of the olf cial
Christian Science publications, came up to
help, and L. C. Strang, the local man, was
also on the job.

The first reporters to arrive demanded
an interview. Wilson stood them off, de-
claring that Mre. Eddy was very busy and

that the story hadn’t yet been called to her |

attention.

Last night he announced that he might
have something important to say if the re-
porters would meet him at noon in the Fagle
Hotel. At 11 o'clock he appeared with a
list of reporters whom he proposed to ad-
mit. Four or five of those present were
not on the list.

“We didn't like the tone of your story
yesterday,” said Mr. Wilson to one man.
However, they fought it out until all but
two were let in on the interview. The
reporter for the paper which published the
original story and a magazine man were
not forgiven.

A woman reporter for a weekly went
up to Pleasant View last night and had
herself appointed spokeswoman. She came
back with three questions which she had
agreed with the Scientists were to be asked
of Mra. Eddy. In their conclave this morn-
ing the reporters added a fourth.

There were eleven reporters altogether.
Mr. Wilson lined them up in the big re-
ception room at Pleasant View. This
opens from the main hall by folding doors
hung over with curtains.

The members of Mrs. Eddy's household,
including Mrs. Pamelia Leonard, were
fringed about the wall.

There came a tap on the folding door.

“She is here,” announced one of the
healers dramatically.

The folding doors slid back, the curtains
lifted—and a stately figure in white stood
bowing et the door:

Stately at first sight, but a very feeble
old woman at the second.

Her skin was dead white, her cheeks

sunken, every ounce of spare fat was gone |

from her face.

The long, pointed chin characteristic of
Mrs. Eddy’s face in youth was as beautiful
os ever: 80, indeed, were the large brown
eves and the long, finely cut nose.

Over the face rose a mase of perfectly
white hair, crowned by a white bonnet,
and the woman was enfolded in a huge
hiaok velvet and ermine cloak.

She was grasning the curtains with one
hand, and Calvin Frye, her secretary,
stool at the other elbow. Both hands
were shaking and the head and lower lip
constantly trembled a little, as with a slight
palsy.

The spokeswoman began at once on the
first question:

“Are you in perfect health, Mrs. Eddy?”
ehe asked,

Mrs. Fady bent toward her with a slight
movement of inquiry. The spokeswoman
repeated the question, a little louder,

“Indeed I am,” replied Mrs. Eddy.

The effect of her voice waa startling.
It had a slight senile quiver, but it was deep
and level. The combination gave it an
unearthly quality. It intensified the feel-
ing--which all the reporters confessed to
each other afterward—that this was not a
woman, hut an apparition.

“Have you. any other physician than
God?" asked#the spokeswoman.

“No physician but God. His everlasting
arms are about me. That is enough.”

As she said this Mrs. Eddy made asweep-
ing gesture of her disengaged hand and
let go her hold on the curtain.

“Do you drive daily?”

“Yea.”

At that instant Frye caught her elbow
and turned her toward the front door,
before which her carriage waited to take
her on her daily drive. Strang fell in on
the other side and Mrs. Eddy walked be-
tween thém.

“Have you the management of your
own affairs?” asked the spokeswoman.

The question was never answered. At
the door Frye and Strang fell back and
she walked the width of the piazza alone.
Her gait had a stately and languid grace,
hardly suggestive of old age, but her hand
shook badly as Strang helped her to her
seat in the carriage.

When Mrs. Eddy was gone the reporters
were shown over the Pleasant View house.
When the reporters of the newspaper that
Printed the original story interviewed
Mrs. Eddy last week they saw, or thought
they saw, an electric battery and a basin
of bloodstained water. The guide showed
the reporters in Mrs. Eddy's study a basin
of clear water.

“Simply the finger bow! where she washes
her fingers after writing with a pencil,”
they said, “and as for the battery, they
bale have mistaken that stand of electric

. ;

When the reporters returned to the parlor
& woman of the household came forward.

“Christian Scientists are allowed many
Prt tne she said, “so I hope you wont
mind if I ask you to go away.

Just before 1 o'clock there came to Pleas-
ant View a belated newspaper photographer.
He wanted little. He only wanted Mrs.
Leonard and Mrs. Eddy to come out into
the sunlight and pose top him so that ‘he
world,might see how little they resombied
each other. Strang refused him, adding:

At 1 o’clock the gates of Pleasant
View will close to the outer world forever.”

Edward N. Pearson, Secretary of State
of New Rampehire. was present with the
reporters to identify Mrs. Eddy, whom he

known for fifteen years.

He issued a statement later to the effect

that it really was Mrs. Eddy and that she
@preared to keep all her foauition

 

 

| INDIANS
Utes Become Bolder, Though Baiile is Near
—Settiers Barricading for Fight.

SHERIDAN, Wyo, Oct. 30.--Although a | WILL

battle between United States troops and

rebellious Ute Indians appears certain
| within a few hours the Indians are becom-
| ing bolder. °
| Doe Spear and K. H. Gotting, who en-
| countered a band of thirty Indians, were
| fired on and one of their horses was killed.

The Spear roundup wagon was looted by
| another band of Utes, who left the camp
| Cook bound and carried away all supplies
| and bedding.

Old settlers near Moorhead, Mon., are

sending the women and children go places
| of safety and have turned the Spear black-
| smith shop ‘into a fort, banking the sides
and boring loopholes in the log walis.

The settlers along Powder River say that
| if the Indians are allowed to remain in that
| vicinity the settlers will organize and exter-

minate the redskina in spite of the troops.

Col. Hensel, who was a Government acout
and interpreter at the battle of Wounded

Knee, says the Indians mean to fight. He

gives it as his opinion that they have sent

messengers to seek the assistance of the
warlike Cheyennes.
The Indians say they want President

Roosevelt to give them the Powder River
Valley for a hunting ground. They persist
| in their determination not to be taken hack
| to Utah.
| Col. Augur and the third squadron of
| the Ténth Cavalry from Fort Robinson

arrived over the Burlington and detrained

at Arvada, the troops soon afterward

taking the fleld for the front. ;
It is understood that as soon as Col.

Augur's troops arrive at the Indian camp

| a demonstration will be made.
The scout sent in from the front to meet
| Col. Aug reports the arrival of Col. Rogers,
| commanding the Sixth Cavalry, who came
| overland from Fort Meade.

The demonstration against the Indians
now only awaits the arrival of Col.Augur’'s
command, which should reach the vicinity
of the Indian camp by to-night

 

WAR OVER A CHICAGO PRODIGY.

| Her Mother, a Widow, Disputes Possession

| With a German Princess

| Spectat Cade Despatch to TR SUN

| Berzix, Oct 30.—A conflict is in progress
between the Princess Frederick Leopold,

sister of the Empress, and Mrs. B. Hilmers,

a Chicago widow, who is the mother of the

| well known infant pianist and prodigy,

| Daphne Hilmers.

The prodigy for the last three years
hes been a protégé of the Princess, who
has been personally directing her musical
education, She objects to the intention of
Daphn@s mother to return to the United
States and is negotiating with her in order
to induce her to let Daphne become 4 nat-
uralized German subject. If she does not
consent the Princess threatens to with-
draw her patronage at once.

The object of the Princess, it is understood,
is that Germany shall have the credit for
the talent which the Princess glories in

| having discovered,
|

 

 

 

GIRLS MUST BE IN RY

8.

Teachers’ College Students Under 235 Find
a New Rule of Conduct.

Residents of Whittier Hall, the dormitory
of Teachers’ College, are protesting against
a rule of the building which they say is
unfair. The rule reads:

All residence under 25 years of age must
obtain the permission of the housemother
for being out of the building after 8 P.M.
or over night, and then must satisfy her
‘that they are properly matronized.

Said one young woman yesterday: “I
hated to tell them what my age was, but
I couldn't be bothered going to the house-
mother all the time, so I had to confess
to 26. The number of teachers over 25
years of age is said to have increased largely
since the rule was adopted.

 

MOLASSES AND FEATHERS

 

Applied by Women to a Neighbor Woman
They Didn't Like.

Fravairm, Pa., Oct. 30.—Four married
women of the village of East Sandy, four
miles from here, to-day treated a neighbor
to a coat of stove polish, molasses and
feathers.

They were arrested, pleaded guilty and
peid fines of $10 each.

The four women are respected members
of the community. They are Mrs. Verda
Lowry, Mrs. Bertha Brinkman, Mrs. Nellie
Glaze and Mrs. Hilda Pherson.

Their victim was Mrs. Hattie Lowry. &
sister-in-law of Mrs. Verda Lowry, ir
husbands being brothers.

The four women called at the home of
Mrs. Lowry to-day and-told her they in-
tended to humiliate her before the com-
munity. Two of the women seized her
while the other two daubed stove polish
on her face. Then malasses was
over her head and feathers were applied.

Thus adorned, the woman was ma
from her home to a railroad camp, where
200 ae -" em: toyed. aueee wet a sus-
pension of work until t ot epee
vigil commiftee took their vi:
outskirts of the town, where they tied her
to a tree and left her. A man came along
half an hour later and released the eaeere,

Mrs. Léwry came to had

Franklin
w ta issued for the women. Sheriff
MoBihinney went to East Sandy and ar-
rested all but Mrs. Pherson, who was not

at

ee

the three were a
Alderman Henderson they
Mrs. Glaze said the had no regrets for
what they had done. She said the woman's
a were intolerable.
rs. leary: the victim, said there was
no justification

for such treatment and
that ehe will continue

before
ed guilty.

to live at East Sandy.

 

CAR HITS PATROL WAGON.

 

Peliceman Riding on Footbeard Thrown
and May Die of Hurts.

The patrol wagon of the East Thirty-

fifth street station house, with Policeman

Ellis driving and Policeman Mesick on the

eg en

footboard, was on its.way to the station |

house last night with a woman prisoner
when a southbound Lexington avenue ¢ar
| orashed into the rear of the wagon as it
crossed Twenty-eighth street. Mesick was
hurled to the pavement on his head, while

 

'

ce

|
}

|
|

the force of the collision all but turtied the |

wagon upside down.

they ran two blocks before Ellis

, to Bb to 2.

pi
them. When be turned around e rove |

back to find Mesick the latter*was lying ig

Dr. Holbvooa, wi.

the street unconscious
responded from Hellevue
lance, found toat Mesic’ had serious in-
ternal injuries and probably a fracture of
the skull. He was placod on tie operatir
table as soon as he reacved the hospital,
but the pene weren't sure that they

ld save him. ‘

esick, who was attacied to the men-
dicancy squad until it was abolished by
Cc Bingham, has a good record
for bravery, having stopped two runaways
in the last three months.

|
} The horses were so badly frightened that
‘
|
|
|
|
'

wits an ambu- :

_Arrack_w1rre: °S | ROOMTOSPRAK FOR PRESIDENT

 

SCORE COMPARISON BE-
TWEEN HEARST AND ROOSEVELT.

Secretary Will Make Plain the Difference
Ret ween Policies of the President and
the Democratic Candidate —Admints-
tration Nettied Over Campaign Trick.

Wasuinarox, Oct. 30.—In the political
speech which he will deliver at Utica on
Thursday night Elihu Root, Secretary of
State. will repudiate the attempt made by
agents of William R. Hearst to show that
President Roosevelt and Mr. Hearst are
advocates of the same principles of reform.
While no official announcement to that
effect is forthcoming, it is known that Mr.
Root will speak for the President and it is
likely that he will leave no doubt on that
score before he concludes his address.

No statement is obtainable at the White
House as to what President Roosevelt in-
tends to do in response to Timothy L. Wood-
ruff's appeal to him through the press to
counteract the attempt of the Hearst people
to show that Mr. Hearst and the President
are in accord in their political views. It is
learned in an authoritative quarter, how-
ever, that the President will be content to
let Mr. Root speak for him.

What Mr. Root will have to say will make
plain the difference between the policies
for which the President stands and those
for which Hearst stands. The attempt
of the Hearstites to put their leader and
Mr. Roosevelt on the same platform of
principles is extremely irritating to the
Administration, which regards Hearst as a
thoroughly insincere man whose policies
threaten danger to the nation. The Ad-
ministration leaders believe that cdearst's
election would be little short of a calamity,
and they view the attempt to show that
he and the President occupy common ground
as a political trick of a reprehensible char-
acter.

At the time that it was first reported
that President Roosevelt would write a
letter to Mr, Hughes repudiating Hearst
and his theories those who sought informa-
tion on the subject found that the Presi-
dent and those close to him were somewhat
puzzled to know why there should be any
doubt on the part of any one as to the Pregi-
dent's opinion of Mr. Hearst. There has
been no secret of the fact that Mr. Roose-
velt was earnestly desirous of Mr. Hughes's
nomination and that he was confident that
the Saratoga Convention could not have
made a wiser choice, For this reason, and
also because the President believed it
wontld not be proper for him, on account
of his office, to take an active part in the
New York campaign, he did not write to
Mr. Hughes or any other prominent man
in New York on the subject of his position
in the present contest.

The Administration in Washington, from
the President down, has no sympathy with
Mr. Hearst and what he preaches. The
endeavor by Mr. Hearst's friends to show,
by the example of pgrallel columna, that
the President and Mr. Hearst are advo-
cates of the same principles is regarded
by those in a position to koow the Presi-
dent's views as a reflection upon the intelli-
gence of the voters of New York State.

 

“It is easy to pick sentences here and there |

from what Mr. Hearst says or his editors
write and contend that they are similar to
sentiments taken here and there from the
President's speeches or writings,” said a
man thoroughly informed of the President's
views. “Mr. Hearst says things that sound
pure and beautiful and breathe the spirit
of the highest patriotism. You might place
them in parallel columns with extracta from
the Bible and show a similarity. But it is
not what Mr. Hearst says that is important.
It is what he really stands for. When you
consider these high utterances of his along-
side the general character of his newspapers
you will not find any similarity.”

Political circles were interested to-day
in a published report that the speech which
Secretary Root was to deliver at Utica on
Thursday was printed at Government ex-
pense at the Government Printing Office.
The explanation of the incident is simple
and shows it to be of no consequence.

Yesterday, when Mr. Root had finished
dictating a portion of hie coming speech,
he wanted a proof of it, and he instructed
one of the mémbers of his office force to
have the matter put into type and proof
made. In the routine of the State Depart-
ment the typewritten copy went from Mr,
Root's office to the Government Printing
Office, where the matter was quickly set up
and a proof returned to the office of Secre-
tary Root.

When Mr Root found that the work had
been done at the Government printing
establishment he immediately issued in-
structions that the copy of the speech be
taken from there and placed in the hands
of a private printer. The speech was
finished by the printer, who will be paid
by Mr. Root.

 

ODDS ON HUGHES DROP A BIT.

 

On the Curb the Closing Quotation for the | attempting to jump the same fence to-day |
| behind the Meadow Brook Hounds W. Scott

Day Was 2 1-23 to 1.

 

KILLED IN GYMNASIUM.

rt Blow in Boys’ Boxing Match Fatal
—Arrest for the Accident.

* John Bergen, 18 years old, of 415 West
Forty-seventh street was instantly killed
by a blow over the heart last night while
he was boxing with John McGrath, 19 years
old, of 401 West Forty-fifth street, in the
Holy Cross gymnasium, at $21 West Forty-
third street. This gymnasium is connected
with the Holy Cross Roman Catholic Church,
in West Forty-second street.

Bergen and McGrath had been exercising
for several hours, most of the time throwing
the medicine ball. They were greatly
fatigued, when one of them proposed a
boxing match, and the other consented.
They put on eight ounce gloves. They
hadn't exchanged over a dozen blows
when Bergen dropped to the floor on hia
face. Thinking he was joking the witnesses
of the bout turned him over on bis back.
When he groaned they became alarmed,
and called Fathers Smith and Foley, who
were in the gymnasium. It was then seen
that he was dying and extreme unction was
administered. He died soon after. The police
arrested McGrath, who was held at the
station house without bail. He was nearly
frantic from grief.

Dr. Lawrence J. Osborne of 24 West Forty-
third street said that Patrick Bergen, father
of the dead boy, died of heart disease ten
days ago. The doctor believes that heart
failure killed the son. Bergen put on the
gloves for the first time last night.

HOME OF THE HOMELESS AFIRE.

The Sixty-nine Children Sing While It Is
Being Pat Out.

Fire started laat evening in the basement
wall of the Home of the Homeless, a large
frame building at 266 Grove street, Jersey
City, sheltering sixty-nine children. Miss
Cecilia Paterson, the matron, directed
Mary Welsh, the cook, and Mary Dunting,
the laundress, to throw pails of water on
the flames, and then she telephoned to
police headquarters.

Three minutes later four policemen ran
into the home and found the bucket bri-
gade in action.
attendants were in the chapel on the second
floor with the sixty-nine children.
were singing. A policeman sent an alarm
in and the firemen soon got the better of
the blaze. They had to tear out a large
section of the wall to get at the fire

At the conclusion of the excitement in
the basement the boys and girls marched
down atairs to supper.

 

 

——

JEROME LETTER ON

Cites Hamilton's Views of Burr as Apptl-
cable to the Candidate.

 

 

HEARST.

 

District Attorney Jerome has sent to the |

editor of the Syracuse Herald a letter of
which the following is a copy:

“I beg that you will pardon me for not
sooner answering your letter in reference
to Democrats voting against Hearst in
the aoming election

“It would take more time than I have
at my disposal to endeavor to set forth the
reasons why it seems to me no 6elf-respect-
ing Democrat should support such a man.

“It is sufficient reason why every self-
respecting man should vote against Hearst
that Haniilton’s characterization of Burr
is exactly applicable to Hearst—namely,
that he has no principles, public or private,
could be bound by no argument, will listen
to no monitor but his ambition, and for
this purpose will use the worst portion of
the community as a ladder
permanent power and an instrument to
erush the better part. He is sanguine
enough to hope everything, daring enough

| to attempt everything, wicked enough to

|

 

ecruple nothing.”

 

FIRE ON SUGAR WHARF.

 

Six Lighters Quickly Sent Adrift—Big
Refinery tn Danger.

A fierce fire on the American Sugar Re-
finery wharf at the foot of South Third
street, Williamsburg, shortly after 8 o'clock
last night, gave the firemen a hard battle
and resulted in $65,000 loss. A watchman
who discovered the fire cut the hawsers

that held six lighters to wharf and they |

floated out into the East River, where they
were picked up by tugs and towed to places
of safety. The lighters were laden with
unrefined sugar and the quick work of the
watchman prevented much greater dam-

age

The dock was well filled with sacks of
centrifugals and nearly all of this raw ma-
terial was ruined. The blaze shot high
above the roof of the wharf and illuminated
the river for some distance around.

Three fireboats, the David A. Boody, |

Seth Low and New Yorker, attacked the
flames from the river. It was only by ths
hardest kind of work that the firemen pre-
vented the flames from spreading to the
huge Havemeyer refinery building at the
shore end of the pier.

 

TWO HURT IN A HUNT,

Allan Pinkerton and W. Scott Cameron
Thrown Against a Fence.

Mxrapow Brook, L. I., Oct. 80.—While

Election odds on the Broad street curb | Cameron and Allan Pinkerton were thrown
yesterday followed the opposite course to | against a fence with such force that both

that of the previous day.
at 3 to 1 on Hughes, declined to i1 to 4
and closed at 5 to 2. The bulk of the day's
betting was at 3 to 1, but in the late after-
noon no takers could be found for an offer
of $10,000 against $27,500 on Hearst made
by 8. G. Weod. Mr. Wood's offer was an
all or none proposition.

amounting in the

aggregate to more than
the sum called for, but these

offers were in

broken lota.
More than $30,000 was placed on Hughes
at3to1. W. Marco made the t bet of

the day, placing $18,000 nee ,000 with
Batcheller, Adee & Rawlins. In addition
Mr. Marco placed about $9,000 at the same
odds, the Hearst end being taken in lots
ranging from $100 to $1,000 1 L, Lyons
& Co., Bunnell & Co., 8. B. Koch, George
‘Taylor, Ackerman & Coles, Allen, MoGraw
& Uo., Pe Guard, W. B. Franklin_& Co.
and Batcheller, Adee & Rawlins. Broker
Debovois placed $3,000 on Hughes against
$1,000 put up by Ackerman & Coles.

1. Hatch placed $1,000 on Hughes
$380 and Mr. Marco made a few sma
at 11 to 40n Hughes before the odds shifted
At these cloeing Odds thére were
reported bets aggregating only $1,250
aguinst $500.

Short Hol'day for the Rooseveits.
WasHINGTON, Oct. 30.—The President

 

‘and Mrs. Roosevelt will leave to-morrow
| over the Southern Railway to spend a short

holiday at their country place Pine Knot,
in Albermarte county, Virginia. They will
return to Washington on Sunday. N y
will accompany them on their outing.

VALE-WEST POINT FOOTBALL
at West Point, Nov. 4 Spectal train from Des
brosses St., 12:20, West i2d St, 12:46’. M. Rount
trip, $1.25. See West Shore Ticket Agents.—Aav.

)

beth |

They opened |

He had offers '

!
}

|
|
|
|
'
‘
|
|

were knocked unconscious and remained s9
for over a half hour. For some tums it
was thought that they had been killed.
The event was one of the regular runs of
the club.

Mr. Pinkerton's mount had become tired

by the fast run and had refused several
fences which his rider made him take at
a second try. However, at one snake
fence Mr. Pinkerton rode for one side of a
poet and Mr. Cameron for the other. Just
as both horses seemed ready to tale the

jump Mr. Pinkerton’s horse suddenly
swerved and ran full force into Mr.
Cameron's.

Both horses went down and the'r riders
were thrown with great force against the
fence.
the Meadow Brook Club, whee after some
time they recovered sufficiently to be able
to ride away on their horses.

Giri Wins Typewriter Contest
Roee L. Fritz of th's city, who won the
world’s tyr ewriting championsh'p inChicago

last June, came out ahead in the conieat at |

the National Business Show in Madison
Square Garden ‘ast nigh She wrote 2,407
words from di: ta: \on in he!fan hour, making
five errors. Of the othe: tnir.eon entran’s,
Paul Munter, who ceteated M s8 Fritz lasi
fall, came nearest to her :ecord. He wrote
2,466 words, but made sixty-one errors

 

WINTER EXCURSION TICKETS, FLORIDA
& RESORTS SOUTA.

On salc on and after Nov. tst via Southern Rall-

way. Apply N. ¥, Offices, 271 & 1200 B’ way ,—Ady

Miss Paterson and her |

All ;

to climb to |

Carriages took the injured men to |

RAIDED ANARCHISTS IN RIOT.

EMMA GOLDMAN ARRESTED AT
CZOLGOSZ MEETING.

Julius Edeison Paints Assassin as a Martyr,

Then Detectives Charge on Piatferm

—Women Seream, Scratch and Fight

 

| 2% Cops, Who Clear Out Eart Side Hail.

A meeting of anarchists was raided and
broken up by a large force of policemen
about 10 o'clock last night at Manhattan
Lyceum, 66 East Fourth street. The wildest
kind of a riot followed when the police
stormed the hall. Women screamed “Down
with the police!® “Kill the oppressors!”
and a few other such things.
When the men quailed the women them-
selves led a charge on the cops that was
hot while it lasted. Many of the officers
were badly scratched.
Ten of the anarchists were arrested,
among them Emma Goldman, who tackled
a@ cop and was making good until other
officers rescued their battered fellow raider.
The meeting was a continuation of the
one that the police broke up on Forsyth
street a week ago. This meeting, like the
former one, was called to discuss Czolgosz
and praise him asa martyr. Julius Edelson
bad hired the hall and called the meeting
and he was the principal speaker.
Just as he took the platform fifteen Cen-
tral Office men under the lead of Detective
Sergeant Braun slipped into the hall and took
| up places at various points. Roundsman
| Bock and several plain clothes men from
the Eldridge street station house were near
the door and Capt. Shaw with twenty-five

| cops in uniform marched up in front of the
building to await developments,

Edelson began in this way, according to
Sergt. Braun: ,

“I bave many things to say, but firat of
all I wish to explain anarchy. Now, there
are two kinds of anarchists. One class de-

| sires peace while the others are felons.

But all anarchists do not want the kind
| of peace that is prescribed by law.
| time will come when we will throw away
the ballot boxes and take things in hand
ourselves.”
| According to Sergt. Braun,
went on to speak then of Czolgoaz. He

spoke at considerable length and pictured
| the slayer of President McK inley asa martyr
| and a man that had been wronged.
| Sergt. Braun then dedided that the new

law enacted to cover criminal anarchy had
been violated and he called u the cops
to get buay. The Central Office men leaped
to the platform and grabbed Edelson.

In an instant there was a great uproar.
| The women made the most noise. One of
| them cried out to the men to kill the police
| and a mob surged toward the Central Office
} men.

Word had been passed to the street and
Capt. Shaw and the twenty-five men in
uniform came up to the hall ina jiffy. The
police had a difficult time in clearing the
hall, The women, and they. composed

nearly half of the audience, flew at the |

| polhcemen, scratching and tearing at them,
| at the same time shouting that the cops
should be - killed.

| The greatest trouble was made by Lena
| Sweet, 20 vears old, a Russian living at 194
| East Fourth street. She pitched into every
| cop that came near ner. Finally she oen-
| tred her activity on Policeman Morris
| Schwarts, and he was a sorry looking sight
| when other cops dragged the frantic woman
away and io the street.

Emma Goldman was arrested by a cop
|
|
'

who recognized her. She made quite a

struggle but was hustled clown the stairs |

and to the station house. Edelson was
hurried out of the hall after Lena Sweet.
Then the uniformed police under Capt.
Shaw struggled and yanked the mob about
until they had forced all handa down to
the street.
During all this time there were repeated
attempts to fight Back and seven of those
| who tried it were corralled and taken to
| the station in 4 patrol wagon. Of the eighi,
four were women, mostly voung woman.
One of those arrested gave her name as
| Annie Pastor of 99 St. Mark's place. Some
| one started a story that she was related tu
Mrs. J. G. Phelps Stokes, but this was
| denied.
| When taken to the station house, Emma
Goldman described herself as a publisher,
and said she was 38 years old and single.
; Edelson ia the cause cf all the trouble,
| according to the police. He was arrested
for being concerned in the affair of ‘ast
| week and was out on $1,000 bail.
Another.of the prisoners was Rebecca
| Edelson, a pretty sixteen-year-old girl and
| a sister of Julius. Morris Berkowitz, a well
known East Side agitator, was one of the
men arrested. It was learned that Emma
Goidman was slated to make a speech fol-
lowing that of Edelson.

BUFFALO BILL AND PARTY SAFE.

Manage to Reach Tee Ranch After Hard-
ships in Big Horn Mountains.
Copr, Wyo,., Oct. 30,—Buffalo Bill Cody
| and bis hunting party are safe, but they
had a terrible time in the Big Horn Moun-
tains during the great blizzard.

The party last night managed to reach
the Tee ranch and telephoned into Cody
this morning that the danger was past,
but that they would have to wait at the
Tee until the snow was hard enough to
walk on,

For two days and nights the party was
snowbound in a cafion and refuge was
taken under an overhanging ledge. With
provisions and fodder for the horses there
wes no suffering until the storm abated
and an effort was made to reach a ranch
house. The twenty mile mountain trip
through deep snows used the party up
completely.

A NEW TEAM FOR ROOSEVELT.

| Pair of Fine Coach Horses Bought in Baltt-
more fer White House Stelles.

Oct. 20.--Moses Moses, a

 

 

 

| Bs.tTimone,

local horse dealer, received an order to-day |

' for a pair of horses which ave to be used as

‘a driving team by President Roosevelt

|; ‘Tee animals have been looked over and
approved by William H. Crook, super-

intendent of the White Horse stables, and |
o Washington to- '

they will be shippea

merrmw morning.
The horses are perhaps the finest pair of |
, ocachers ever shipped trom this city. ‘The,
are perfoctly matched mahogany bay
reldings, 16

mares and tails. liney ave five years ol
and the éombined weignt of the two is
about 2,000 pounds.
| The horses were bre and raised in Michi-
! gan and are half brothers out of imported
| preg coaching raares from a atandard
bred stallion.

After aii, Usher's the Scotch
shat made the Dighball f&mous,—Ads.

The |

Edelson |

ands high, with long sowing }

 

‘ 7 eer Oe re Th) er
a ae ed , eae has te
a S — oar

WEpNespaT, OcTosmn 31, 1908. {ahem
Partly cloudy to-day and to-morrow;
colder to-day.

MONROE DOCTRINE NOT DEAD.

 

Statement of Prof. Burgess Repudiated by
the Adminisiration.

WaAsHINGTON, Oct. 30.—In a thoroughly
well informed quarter it is learned that Prof.
J. W. Burgess, formerly of Columbia Uni-
versity, did not speak as a representative
of the United States Government when he
| expressed the opinion in his inaugural ad-
creas as the first American professor under
the Theodore Roosevelt trust at the Berlin
University that the Monroe Doctrine was
obsclete.

The statement of Prof, Burgess is re-
Pudiated here, Not only did he not prop-
erly represent President Roosevelt's views
but expressed sentiments diametrically
opposed to them and in the President's
Opinion to the views of the American people;

|
|

 

NO DEATH PENALTY IN FRANCE.

Cabinet Approves Measure So Providing
and Partiament Will Make It a Law.
Special Cable Despatch to TAR SUN.

Paris, Oct. 30.—The Cabinet held a meet-
ing to-day and approved a measure pro-
viding for the abolition of the death penalty.
This means that Parliament at its coming
session will enact a law to that effect .

Such action has been expected sincs the
office of “Monsieur de Paris,” or public
executioner, was suppressed a few months
ago by the excision of his salary from the
budget. At that time neither the Sarrien
Ministry nor the Chamber of Deputies took
formal action declaring that capital punish-
ment would no longer be inflicted in Francs,
but M. Clemenceau, the new Prime Minis-
ter, has decided on taking a definite step
to that end.

HOOE GUILTY OF PERJURY.

 

Decides Case of Hartje’s Former
Negro Coachman.

Pirrsavna, Oct. 30.—The jury in the
perjury case of Clifford Hooe. the negro
formerly employed as coachman hy Augus-
| tus Hartje, returned a verdict of guilty
to-day after being out leas than an hour.
| They took only one ballot. .

Hooe wept with rage when he heard the
verdict announced.

Judge Frazer in his charge to the jury
analyzed the evidence and showed how the
weight of it indicated that Eooe lied when
he swore he had been intimate with Mrs.
‘Hartje, the wife of his former employer.

Judge Frazer also heard the Hartje
divorce case but has not decided it yet.
Many believe his decision 4gs indicated
by his attitude in the Hooe case.

Jury

COMPLAINT ON KOENIG ALBERT.

Collector Will Send Men to Look Into
Grievance of Passengers.

Collector Stranahan will send men to in-
apect the steamship Koenig Albert, which
is due here to-day from Mediterranean
| ports, because of reports from the other
, side that the steerage was so overcrowded
| that firat cabin passengers made a com-
| plaint to the United States Consul at
| Gibraltar. Despatches from
| aide said that the cabin passengers had
te) particularly annoyed by the odors

 

{
}
'

PRICE TWO CENTS.
MULTIPLE PETITIONS UPHELD.

ONLY SIX OF THEM—ROCK AND
QUINBY OFF HEARST TICKET,

 

AN the Other Appeals Thrown Out —Hegie
sky Stieks—Brady Out of Independence
League Coltumn—Practically All (He
Petitions Upheld Are fof Tammany Men

ALBANY, Oct. 30.—The Court of Appeals
at 11:15 o’clook to-night handed down @
decision upholding the multiple certifi-
cate of nomination of the Independence
League in New York county which the
Appellate Division last week threw out.

The court upon this point says: eh oa

“Six of the appeals before us are. ffom
orders of the Appellate Division reversing
on the law, only, decisions of the epecil
term. The aole question involved in theep
appeals is whether, when certificates for
independent nominations are required to be
filed in the same office, any one of such
certificates sidll be held invalid becnuse
it is made for the nomination of more than
one cai didate, the eléctor# mailing it

being cualified to make a certificate for the
nomination of all the candidates mentioned :
therein Wefind nothing in the statute wh cb
forbids nominat’ng certificates of this

character, nor does there seem to be any —

practical ground which would be fatal to
their validity. :

“This is in accordance vith repeated de-
cisions of this court and ef the Appellate
Division that the election iaw should beoop-
strued literally to give effect to the will of
the people. These views lead to a
of the order of the Appellate Division im
these cases and to the affirmance of ¢he
order of the special term.” es

The above ruling puts these oe
in the Independence League column, |
which they were ruled out by the Appellate
Division because they were on multiple
certificates; Edward I, Hannak, Lebor
and Independence League, Eighteentli Ass
sembly district; Francis E. Shober (Tam.),
Seventeenth Congressional district; Sher-
man 8. Momand, (Tam.), Bighteenth Senate
district; Charias V. Fornes (Tem.), Eleverith
Congressional district; William Sohmer
(Tam.), Twelfth Senate district; and Henry
M. Goldfogle (Tam.), Ninth Congressional
district. a‘ eo"

As to all the other candidates thrown out
by the Appellate Division,the court held that
it had no jurisdiction to review the decisions
because other objections than the multiple
one had been raised to the petitions before
the Poard of Elections. These other objecs
tions the Appellate Division did not consider
atali but had merely thrown them out under
the multiple Certificate ruling,

Ordinarily under such ciroumetances
the Court of Appeals would have remitted
these cases to the Appellate Division and
directed it to pass upon the other questions
upon the merits, but Chief Judge Cullen
declined to do this because the effect would
have been to throw everything into inextri-
eable confusion. The Court therefore dis-

the other | missed all of the other appeals except in

the judiciary cases, where the decision of
the Appellate Division wae in all respects

that arose from the overcrowded steerage | affirmed.

j and that they had asked the American
Consul at Gibraltar to come aboard so
that he could vouch for the justness of

| the'r complaint.

| DOCTOR'S BURGLAR HUNT

On the Hoof, Pistol in Hand—Police Can't
Find a Burgiar.

The burglar alarm in the hasement of
| Dr. Pierce Bailey's residence at 52 West
Fifty-third street went off shortly after
midnight. The whole household was aroused
Dr. Bailey grabbed his revolver and made
j for the roof in order to prevent afy one
from escaping in that way, while other
members of his family telephoned Police
Heaciquarters.

Sergt. Ennis of the East Fifty-first street
station sent Roundsman Walsh and all the
| detectives in the house over on the run.
They imade a thorough search in the Bailey
house and walked over all the neighboring
| roofs, routing all the neighbors from their
| beds. No trace of intruders could be found,

HEIR TO PLANKINTON MILLIONS.

Birth of a Son Lessens Hospital's Chance
of Getting Hatate.
MILWAUKEE, Oct. 30.—The birth this
| morning of a son to William Woods Plank-
inton and Alexandria Stuart Plankinton
brings to this well known Milwaukee
| family a male representative of the fourth
| generation and an heir to the estate of the
| late John Plankinton.
| If the new born son survives, the chance
| heretofore held by the Milwaukee Hospital
Association of getting the entire Plankin-
| ton wealth at the death of his daughter
| and grandson will disap ear
| By the willof John Plankinton his entire
| estate, valued at several millions,
| given to the hospital in the event that no
| heir was born, or was living at the death
of the direct descendants, who are Miss
Elizabeth Plankinton, daughter of John
| Plankinton, and William Woods Plankin-
| ton, son of the late William Plankinton
and the only grandchild of John Plankinton.
The mother of the boy isa New York woman.

BRITISH ARMY Ml ‘STACHES,

Officers Agalt Reminded That the Upper

tip Musin't Be Shaved.

Sprecial Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Lonpox, Oct. 30.—Several army officers
in Ireland having sinned against the King's
' regulationg in shaving their upper lips,
the Commander-in-Chief, Gen. Lord Gren-
fell, has issued an order calling attention
to the regulation that the, chin and under
| lip muat be shaved, but not the uppep lip.
| Side whiskers if worn must be of moderate

' length. \

Surgeon's Operation on Fiancee Falling,
He Kills Himself,

OvERLY, N. D., Oct. 30.—Miss Hazel Beach
was stricken with appendicitis and Dr.
| Will F. Casavaw, to whom she was to have
| been married on Thanksgiving day, was
| asked to perform the operation.

The young woman cied and the physician
wus 80 grief stricken that he committed

suicide by taking poison,

Capt Cowles Returns From the East.

Capt. W. C. Cowles, U. 8S. N., accom-

; panied by his wife and their two children,

| arrived here yesterday in the steamship
Ryndam. Capt. Cowles has been on duty

| in the Far Fast, and though ordered home
has not been assigned for duty.

Latest by Marcon! Wireices.

Ss Oceanic, for New York, was 130 miles east of

Nantucket lightship at 6:50 P. M. yesterday.

\

'
|
}
j
|
}

This means that the Independence League
Judicial ticket will contain the names of
nine candidates for Supreme Court Justices
identical with the Tammany candidates,
except John J, Brady, and Judge Rosalsky's
name likewise will go in the Independencs
League column,

In adglition the names of all the Demo-
cratic judicial candidates will appear a
second time in a separate independent
column and under a new name to be se-
lected by the Board of Elections and the
name of Judge Brady als> will appear
alone in still another column.

Judge Brady’s name will thus appear in
thgee columns on the ballot, but not in the
Independence League column. As a result
of four of the appeals dismissed by the
Court of Appeals to-night these names will
also go in the column of the Independence
League: Francis B. Harrison (Tam.), Six-
teenth Congress district; James J. Frawley,
(Tam.), Twentieth Senate district; Leopold
Prince (Tam.), Twenty-sixth Assembly
diatrict; James V. Ganly (Tam.), Twanty-

fourth Assembly district.
These names will nct be in the Inde-

pendence League column beacause the court
diemiseed the aryeale: Thomas Gleater,
Independence Leagve candidate, Fleventh
Awneembly district; Codfrey E. Eahner,
Independence League candidate, Fifteenth
Assembly district; Same) E. Terry, In-
dependence League candidate, Thiyty~
fourth Assombly district ;Charles A. Hussey,
Independence League candidate, Ninth Ase
sembly diatrict; William A. Kerns, Ine
dependence League candidate, Thirty

| second Assembly district; Samvel Creer~

borg, Independence League candidate;

| Twenty-sixth Assembly district; -¥rea-

was .

erick D. Riley, Independence League
candidate,T wenty-fourth Assembly district;
Leslie: J. Tompkins, Tammany candidate;

| Twenty-fifth Assembly district;.James-A,

 

Lyon, Independence League candidate,
Twentieth Senate district; Henry V. Davies,
Independence candidate, Sixteenth
Congress district; lyn Quinby, Inda-
pendence League candidate, Eighth Con-
gress district; Thomas F. Long, Indepen-
denoe League candidate, Thirteenth Senate

| district; John F. Eagleton, Tammany candi-

date, Fifth Assembly district ;Christopher D.
Sullivan, Tammany candidate, Thirteenth
Senate district; Thomas Rock, Republican

| candidate, Fourteenth Senate district;
Thomas F. Grady, Tammany candidate,
Fourteenth Senate district.

|

|
|
}

In connection with this the court says:
“In certain of the other cases, as noted
above, the order of the Appellate Division

is based on the ground that the party ap- |

pealing to Special Term from the deter-
mination of the Board of Elections had nat
sufficient standing for that purpose, not
being a party to the proceeding. In this
view of the Appellate Division we conour,
it being in accordance with our previous
decision in the matter of the Sogial Demo-
cratic party (182 N, Y., 442). :

“As to the question raised in one of the
appeals (matter of the application of Samuel
E. Terry), that the person nominated would
be disqualified from election as a Member
of Assembly because @ Commissioner of
Deeds, we are of opinion that that question
cannot be determined in proceedings with
reference to the certificate of nomination,
but muat be left to the Assembly to deter-
mine in case of his election. The cage of
people ex rel. Sherwood vs. State Board of
Canvassers (12, 6 N. ¥., 300), decides only

candidate affirmative relief, but it does not
authorize such a; ro eeding as this to have
a nomination declared invalid.

the court will not give a disqualified

“In the appeals relating to the. gemincs,’

¢

eng =

h

in db Se

ee

nd teh

a