o_o
VOL, LXVIL—NO, 104.

CA TE eae

 

Che

 

 

NEW YORK, FRIDAY, JANUARY 12,

 

SAYS WHITE LOST OVER 800,

PSTIMATE OF KILLED
AY LADYSMITH,

—

vvorrit ah
WOLNDED

Bovrs Believed to Have Lost Over 8,00)
—Persistent That
Gen, Buller Is Advancing but There Is
\» Confirmation of Them—Ramored Re-
call of Methuen—Parllament May Meet
two Weeks Earlier Than Was Expected,

veote! Coble Despatch to Tue Bun.

sD

Kumors in London

x, Jan, 12. — Rumors persist at the
elsewhere that Gen, Buller is mov-

they cannot be traced to any trust-

worthy sou Not an item of importance was

reootyed from South Africa yesterday, There
{

]

fon!

e ub. and

rl po oficial return of the casuaities at
on Jan. 6 There is a newspaper
but it ean oply be treated as a

myth

statement,

Th. Joly Mad says tt learns that a general
eo mate of the losses has been received In
1 It places the British losses at 14 of-

{and 34 wounded, and more than
yp killed and wounded, The losses of
the Joers are estimated at certainly over

\t-logram sent from Pretoria on the morne
; | Jan. (reports that the Boers, after se

f r

vere febting during the night “sueceeded in
storming the plateau and ridge overhanging
the town and the British camps at Lady-
emit It does not refer to subsequent
oO} tion

Phe Vorning Leader's military eritle disposes

fay’s rumor concerning Gen, Buller’s
ch, he says, was traced to its source,
Gen, Puller was suffe: ing from a trifling fever,

  

from which he has now recdvered,
It nnection with the rumored recall of
‘ Methuen, who ts in command of the Kim-

herley relief forea, it is reported in the neigh
horhood of his home, Corsham Court, Wilt.

shire, that when he was wounded at the battle

  
 

of Modder River his horse reared and threw
him, causing severe spinal and other injurtes,

Th spondent of the Standard at
} phing under date of Jan, 8, says
that ;atrols of the Natal Carbineers and Thor-
nyeroft's Horse thoroughly searched both
flanks of the Boer position on that date. They

‘ ‘erable number of the enemy
! tive miles east of Colenso, Natives

siy thatthe Boers on the Tugela River were

wreaty weakened on Jan. 6 by the withdrawal

bulk of their forces to Ladysmith.

Ir is unofficially etated that Parliament will

meet on Jan. 30, a fortnight earlier than the

riginally fixed,

Gate ¢

 

Witt BE TRIED AS REBELS,

Dutch Colonists Captured at Sunnyside Sent
to Cape Town.
Special Cable Despatch lo Tae Sun.

Care Towys, Jan. &-—-The Dutch colonists
who were captured at Sunnyside will be
brought here and tried as rebels,

Mopper River, Jan. &—Forty-one prisoners
belonging to the Sunnyside commando of
Colonial Dutch took a train here yesterday
afternoon for Cape Town under escort of a
rection of the Duke of Cornwall's infantry
regiment. The prisoners hadcofomrtable seats
in the railway carriages. Like ail the other
Boers, except the Staats Artillery, they are
without uniforms, About a dozen of them
wore white-spotted blue scarfs around their
wide-brimmed hats, Mostof them were men
of 40 years of age, but there were half a dozen
youths, They looked like typical veldt peas-
ants—loose-jointed, unkempt and round-
shouldered. They carried blankets given to
them bythe British troops at Belmont and
watched the preparations forsending them to
Cape Town with stolid indifference.

Among the prisoners are the second and
third leaders of the commando. The docu-
ments captured include the politieal records of
residents of thecountry for fifty miles in the
neighborhood of Sunnyside, The stationery
of the British Government has been used for
Roer correspondence, It was found fn the
Magistrates’ offices of the evacuated towns,

There was the usual outpost cannonade this
morning.

PORTUGUESE BORDER,

Government Trying to Keep Volunteers
From Joining the Boers,

GUARD ON

la Despatches to Tue Sun,

Lorenzo Marques, Jan. 8.—The Portuguese
police have prevented several Portuguese
from crossing the frontie and joining the
Yoers, Hereafter no one will ba permitted to
cross the frontier without @ permit from the
Governor

Loxypon, Jan, 12.—A despatch tothe Times
from Lorengo Marques explains the action of
the Portuguese authorities in refusing to allow

Special Ca

any one to crosa the frontier into
Boer territory. An old law, long
in aheyance, has been revived,
wheh compels every person leaving Portu-
kese territory to obtain a passport signe! by
the Governor, Itis understood that the au-

thorities insist that applicants give guarantees
through their Consuls that they are not go-
ing to the Transvaal for the purpose of fight-
ing

 

ITALTEN BARK HELD UP,

 

She Was ound for Port Elizabeth With a
Curgo of Sulphur.

¢ Lespateh & Tur Sux,

  

Pont I n, Natal, Jan 8 (Delayed in
transmission.—'The British cruiser Fearlesa
on Saturday ast seized the Italian bark Maria

1, from Girgeuti for Algoa Bay, on which Port
Viizibeth is situated. The bark has a cargo of
sulphur

CEN, BOOTH WONT BELLI,

Conviet Home Property Not Purchased to
Make Money Out Of,

    

 

Frusnina, L. 1, Jan. 11—It was rumored
here to-day that Ger Ral'ington Booth had
agreed fo accept $15,000 for the Tibbetts
piace re Mrs, Booths colony of ex-convicts
8 now housed, This is $3,000 more than
the Pootha paid for the place a month
ay The Flushing Assoctation and the Fiush-
ing Dusiness Men's Association are to take
&clion in the matter, These societies are Op-

posed to the
Mrs. Booth
!

cation ofthe home tu Flushing.
has named the place Hope Hall, Itis
Win command of Captain Theodore Caldwell,
At present the inmates areail oflcers with
‘he tines of Heutenants, sergeants and cor-
!heyare making repairs and some of
‘putto work yesterday clearing

f woodland that borders on the
J Railroad. The superintendent of

 

 

 

aid yesterday
Ving near here called to-day and
eihmen to help him on bis place
vay they have treated us at other

: men want to work and the
t
]

 

igh / eneourage their destre to
tr we have been here a while the

be will be giad wecame”

Min .

bine SH LAIRN J, Jan. 11.-Gen. Ba'lington

\ ti his home to-night and told

1 rethat was going the rounds In
loitted that the offer of $15,000

‘but declared that he had no

))feoepting it and that he had not

 

   

  
 

‘ Iroperty for the purpose of
) ; tof it He added that
it et the Board of Governors
pla the home to go ahead with the
in ' Were outiined originally, and that
told He " » would the property be
ot 1 sal rated his statement of the
Vitshina «” when the home had been at
Wer . ner the very people who
heb 'Peeel to him would be glad that

'T’ there

  

STUDENTS’ PRANK A’ HARVARD,

 

Explosion Caused by Mechanism Stops @
Concert in Sanders Theatre,

Campripor, Mass, Jan. 11,—During a con-
eert of the Boston Symphony Orchestra in
daniders Theatre at 0:20 o'clock this evening
& loud explosion was heard, followed by the
the nolse of falling glass, The musio stopped
and the audience was barely restrained from #
panic, Smoke was seen tssuing from the door
of a closet near the stage. Inquiry revealed that
a machine of curious construction had caused
an explosion in the closet, shattering windows
and tearing to bits a small leather handbag in
which it had been hidden,

Trof, Shaler secured the machine and will
startan investigation, It is thought that it
was intended as a joke and was timed to go off
during & freshman course in history, which
meets in the hall every other morning at 9
o'clock, and that the culprit made a mistake
and set it for 9:20 o'clock in the evening

Nothing of the sort has happened at Harvard
sinceanumber of alarm clocks went off ina
popular course in English several years ago.

TAPPEN BEATS HOWLAND,

Independents Win in the Union
Club Election,

For the first time in many years, an inde-
pendent ticket was elected at the annua! meet-
ing of the Union League Club held last
evening. This result followed one of
the hottest campaigns which has ever
been conducted in tha elub and it was a
Genuine surprise to most of the older mem-
bers. Theindependent ticket was headed by
Frederick B. Tappen, President of the Gal-
latin National Bank for President, and
the regular ticket was headed by ex-
Judge Henry EK. Howland for the same
offices. The only other difference in the tick-
ets was in the candidates for First Vice-Presi-
deat. Mt. Tappen was the candidate for First
Vice + President on the ticket headed by
ex-Judge Howland, On ‘the Tappen ticket
Orson D, Munn, proprietor of the Scientifio
American was substituted for vice-president,
The Tappen ticket got 188 votes against 154
forthe regular ticket.

Many members of the club did not know that
there was any contest afoot until yesterday
morning When there appeared in the news-
papers the following notice as advertising
matter:

Union League Claub—Election of officers this ave-
hing. Itis thought to be very important that all
friends of Judge Howland for president should be
sure to attend aud vote the regular ticket Polls
open at 6:30 o'clock aud close early

The appearance of this notice created a
sensation among the club members, It
was said last night that never before in
the history of the organization had

votes been advertised for or had an
attempt been made to give the {mpression that
votes were advertised for, Members of the
olub said in the afternoon that so far as they
knew there was no opposition to the
election of Judge Howland and that
there would be no organized attempt! at the
polls to defeat him. It was thought that the
advertisement might have been inserted asa
very peculiar practical joke. Judge Howland
himself said that he did not know who had put
in the advertisement, that it was entirely un-
authorized and that he deeply regretted that
such a notice should have appeared

Secretary of War Root who was elected
Presidentof the club last January, and who
d clined a reélection, came on from Wash-

League

ington. to preside over the meeeting.
Mr. Root made. a_ short = speech in
sailing the club to order in which he

referred to the pleasant association he had had
with itemembers and tothe regret which he
felt at being obliged to relinquish his offles, the
high honor of which, he said, he fully apprecia-
ted, Afterthe usual reports the election opened,
Judge Howland’s friends were entirely una
ware of the existence of the_ independent
ticket until the polls opened, They said that
Mr. Tappen had been acanvidate for the nom-
ination for President before the nominating
committee but that Judge Howland had de-
feated him overwhelmingly. After this defeat,
they said, Mr. Tappen announced that he
would not be a candidate before the ¢lub and
they had no expectation that his name would
be sprung upon them

Mr. Tappen has been amuch more frequent
Viaitoratthe club then Judge Howland, To
this fact was attributed much of the strength
that he developed last night.

The division in the fight, it was said, was hee
tween the clubmen, who apend much of thetr
time at the clubhouse, and those who go there
only occasionally

Judge Howland’s friends throughout the
evening lamented the fact that there was such
aheavy rain, They said that if the evening
had beena fair one the Judge’a friends would

ave turned out in great numbers and would

ave absolutely overwhelmed Mr, Tapnen.

In the early part of the evening they were
confident that he would be elected, but by 10
o.cloeck, when the polls closed, they had about
made up their minds that he had Jost.

Fhe announcement of Mr. Tappen’s success
was greeted with loud cheers by the eiub mom-
pers, and three times three were given in his

ronor,

THE

 

ALBANY'S SPEED,
New American Cruiser Makes 19.5 Knots
Under Natural Draught.
Spetal Ca'le Despatch to Turk SUN

NewcastLe, Jan. 11.—The new American
cruiser Albany had a trial to-day under natural
draught for alx consecutive hours, The erui-
ser loft her moorings at 8 o'clock in the morn-
ing, but It was too foggy to start the trial until
10 o'clock. The weather at that hour was too
thick to see the ranges on shore and accord-
ing'y the vessel ran out to sea for three hours
and then steamed back.

The trial was very satisfactory. The cruiser’s
speed was figured out to be 11.5 knots an honr,
with 150 revolutions of the propellers a minute,
The run out was made against a head sea,
The indicated horse power was about 5,000
The draughtand displacement were the same as
in the tral on Tuesday. The fog settled during
the last half hour an! threatened to Interfere
with the trial, It was rather dangerous to
speed the crulser during that time, owing tothe
proximity of vessels bound for the Tyne,

Tho Albany roturoed to her moorings at5
o'clock this afternoon.

Wasuineton, Jab. 11,—Rear Admiral Mal-
ville, Chief of the Naval Bureau of Steam En-

ineering, recelved a telegram to-day from
Grout. Harold H. Norton, U.S. N,, the Navy De-

artment’s inspector of the erniser Alvany at
he Armstrong ship-building yards, Neweastle-
on-Tyne, Pngiand, reporting that the Albany
has mado a@ successful endurance trial, Her
machinery, Lieut. Norton says, worked excel-
lently. The test was for endurance alone, the
apeed trial having tak. u place earlier in the
week, The Albany was run for six conseeu-
tive hours, and averaged 11-10 Knots an hour
by land-mark measurements and 13-10 knots
hy the patent log, She was not required to ex.
eeoed her contract. requirement as to apeed,
On the speed trial the Albany made an averace
apeed of 20 78-100 knots for four hours, The
contract requirement was twenty knots,

FILIBUSTERS FOR THE ROEFRS,
Story in Atlanta of a Fleet of Privateers
Forming in the Bahamas.

Arianta, Ga, Jan. 11.—Capt. Charles Hill,
the Atlanta man who during the Brazillan
rebellion sailed onthe dynamite cruiser Nie-
theroy, from New York to Rio Janeiro, may
get a commission as Captain ina fleet of gun-
boats said to be forming inthe Bahama Islands
in the interest of the Transvaal Republic.
Capt. Hill said jast night that an offer of this
character had been mada to him througha
friend in New York who had been for some
time in communication with the Boer Govern-

t regarding the fleet inthe Bahamas,
Mahe exact scope of the project of the gun-
boats is covered with the usnal seereey pers
taining to war movements, but Capt Hii| says
that a number of vessels are being concen.
trated in the waters of the Bahamas and are
being fitted with arms, It ja supposed to be
the intention of the promoters ot the project to
man afivet of merchantmen to prey upon the

ish merchant marine, a
Bean me know what I shall do yet,” he said
last night. “I bave the offer through a friend
of mine in New York, who Js in communica.
tion with the Boers and who told me of the
sruposed formation of the gunhoat fleet In the

ahamas. They want me to take command of
a vessel asCaptain. I could run her, I believe,
to creat advantage, but I don’t exactly like the
role of privateer.

 

LORD SALISBURY'S REPLY,

IT) CONCEDES

SEIZURES

Foodstufis Are Not Contraband of
Unless It Can Be Shown That They
Titended for the Enemy's Military worce

The

Special Cable Despath to Tur Sus

THAT
WERE

THE FLOUR
ILLEGAL,

 

War
Are

Paywent of Damages Assured.

Lonpon, Jan, 11.~Ambassador Choate has
recelved Lord Salisbury'’s reply in answer
to his note regarding the seizure of American
flour, The Prime Minister says that the Brit-
ish Government does vot hol foodstuffs to be
contraband of war.
neutral ports, and carrying goods plainly
marked and not destined for the enemy, will
not be subject to seizure, But, Lord Salisbury
adds, the decisions of the above questions
must be left to a prize court.

Wasakinaron, Jan, 11.—The substance of the
answer of Great Britain tothe representations
of the United States concerning the detention

of American flour and other foodstuffs by the |

British Government which had been shipped
from New York on two British and one Dutch
vessel to Delagoa Bay, Portuguese Africa, was
received by the State Department to-day ina
despateh from Mr, Choate, the United States
Ambassadgr in Londou, Great

cedes the Peineipies which the United States
sought to have established in regard to the
inviolability from seizure of neutral goods in
time of war, and goes even further than that in
acknowledging that foodstuffs destined foran
enemy's country are exempt from seizure or
detention When not intended for an enemy's
intlitary force. The illegality of the detention

|
of the foodstuffs on the three vessels concerned |

is admitted, This assures the payment of
damages forthe detention. Late this aiternoon
the State Department made the following off.
cia! statementof the despatch from Mr. Choate:

“A telegram has been received from Ambas-
sador Choate, reporting an interview had by
him with the Marquis of Salisbury on the alter+
noon of the 10th inst., in regardto the Amer-
icun shipments of fourand provisions on the
detained Lritish steamers Beatrice and
Mashona and the Dutch steamer Maria, The
British position us to foodstuffs and to hostile
destination is that they ean only be considered

contraband of war If oups lied for the enemy's
forces, ft not being suflicient that they are
capableof being #0 used, but it must be shown

that this was their destination at the time of |

seizure. This quatifieation virtually concedes
the American contention that the goods were
not subject to seigure and practically disavows
the seizure, it not Uging claimed that there is
any evidence of hoa@e destination.’

Another cable despatch from Mr, Choate waa
received later, Itrelated to the foodstuffs on
the steamer Beatrice, a British vesse!. Tho
qnestion has been raised whether the owner-
ship of the flour on the Beatrice had not passed

from the American consignors, Flint, Eddy & |

Co, of New York, to the consignees at Delagoa
Bay, and that therefore tho United States had
no Interest in the seizure, the interests of
American citizens not being involve!, The
Kritish Government has therefore postponed
the delivery of an answer in the case of
the Beatrice’s cargo until the
the ownership of the flour has been
termined, In affidavits received at the State
Department, Flint, Eddy & Co, claim that the
flour is owned by citizens of the United States,
The constgnees at Delugoa Bay have refused
to honor the drafta on them forthe cost of the
eargo. In acknowledging the iliewality of the
detention of the cargoes on the Mashona and
the Maria, the British Government assumes
responsibility for the payment of damages for
the detention of the eatrice’s flour, und no
loss will therefore come to either the American
consignors or the consignees at Delagon Bay,
The importance of the position assumed by
the Hritlsh Government cannot
mated. It is a practical concession of every
joint claitsed by the United States and an. ac-
Enowledaement of more than was asked b
this country, Great Britain places herself on
reeord as not only willing to respect neutral
cargoes of foodstul? bound for a neutral port,
but such cargoes destined for an enemy's
country when it

  

are not intended for use by the enemy's
armed forcea, While Mr. Choata has not |
sent the text of the British answer
and his brief synopsis hardly. covers

all the features of it, he says in bis despatch

  

that {t 1s “highly satisfactory.” The under-
standing at the State Department is that the
“interview” between Mr. Choate and Lord |
Salisbury, which probably means that Mr

Choate has seen adrrott of the formal British
answer and was permitted to make extracts
from it forthe information of his government,
included all that Great Britain bas to say on
the subject of What constitutes: contraband in
time of war, Great Britain concedes that food-
stuffs are not contraband except when actu.
ally destined for the inilitary uses of an enemy,
which is interpreted to mean that foodstulfs
are not contrat rand

Nothing war said in Mr. Choate's message
about the right of search, Great Britain eyvi-
dently reserving an explanation of her position
in that regard forthe note which she has sent
oriaaboutto send to Germany’ ® representa.
tives concerning the inspection of German mail
steamships

The matter of the payment of damages waa
not touched on in Mr. Choate's synopsia of the
message, That aspect of the detention inci.
dent, it was learned, will be the subject of
future negotiations, Great Britain has, in
conceding that the seizures were il'ecal,
nledged herself to pay for the losses sustained
yy the owners of the cargoes, If the foodstuffa
are in good condition, the restoration of them
tothe parties to which they were consigned,
with the payment of the amountof any losses
that may bave resulted fromthe delay in da.
livery, will probably be regarded aa @ satise
factoryevttionent. If the cargoes or any part
ol them became spoiled or dammed after their
detention, Great Britain will, of course, indem-
nify theownere forthe loss, No diffleuity will
be experieoved, itis sald here, in arranging @
settlement satisfactory to everybody concerned,

The State Department did not deem worthy
ofa denial the “exclusive” statements sent out

    

 

 

from Washington two days ago thut the British |

answer had been received here. Seeretary Hay
said this afternoon, without reference to those
statements, that the first knowledge or even
intimation of the character of. the British
answercame to him to-day in Mr. Choate 4
despatch, and he bad not received from any
other souree, private or offielal, any
intimation of what. the British answer
would be. The “exclusive”? = announve-
ments of the contents of the — british
notes, telegraphed from Washington prior
tothe time Mr, Choate was informed of the
british position, and perhaps even before the
Foreign Office nuthorities had determ ned the
course they would pursue, were of such a chars
acter, however, that a wrong impression of
Great Britain's attitude has propably been
given tupeople who accepted the “exclusive”
statements as true. The substance of this
false news was telegraphed to Loudon and
pub ishedin English newsapaners before Lord
Balishury had told Mr. Choate what Groat
Britain would say In reaponse tothe represen-
tationa of the United. States. One of these
false statementa was that Great Britain con.
tended that under her old common law she had
the right to seize foodstuffs necessary
forher forcea in time of war. Attention is
called tothis only because in the real anawer
Great Britain repudiates any such principle
The statement made in this despatch that
the determination of the question of damages
wasnottouched on in the British answer is
sutlicientglenial of the “exclusive” announce.
ment tn Great Britain offera to leave the
question Xo the determination of a commis.
ion
" In the State Department's statement of the

eontents of Mr, Choate’s message the refer-
ence to the British position as to hostile deat|-
nation is perhaps not made quite eloar,
The meaning of the Department, which
followed closely the language of Mr.
Choate’s despatch, is thar the fact that |
foodstulfs anipped to an enemy's country
are pot contraband of war unless it is shown

toat at the time of setzure they were intended
for the use of the enemy's forces, of oxara le,
the flour on the vessels seized off Delagoa Bay
would he entitied to immunity from detention
or confiscation if intended for the use of non.
combatants in the Transvaal, and gould. be
right{ully taken by Great Britain only when
there was evidence that it was to be used by
the Boer armies.

DEWEY ARCH FUND GROWING,

J. P. Morgan Promises to Give %5,000—
82,000 Received Vesterday.

The Dewey Arch Committee announced yes-
terday afternoon that J, Pierpont Morgan had

promised them a cheek for $5,000, and they |

also said that they had received yesterday

checks to the amount of $2,000,

Geo, W. Ely, President of the New York Club,

George W. Ely, formerly Seeretary of the
tock Fxehange and now President of the
ankers’ Trust Company, was elected Pres-
ident of the New Xork Club jas: —

 

Neutral vessels bound for |

Britain cone |

question of |

be over esti- |

is plainly {ndicated that they |

    
 

Aly,

1900.-COPYRIGHT, 1900,

SENATOR PLATY PARTS WITH QUIGG,
Telegraphs to Albany That Odell, Not Quigg,
Will Be His Representative.

Annany, Jan 11.--More or lesa comment was
heard to-night concoruing the telegrams whieh
Senator Thomas ©. Platt has sent in to this
| cityfrom Washington during the last twenty-
| fourhours. In @ word, Senator Platt has tele-
graphed to Jotham PB, Allds, majority leader of
the Assembly, and to other Republicans in the
Assembly and the Senate, that Presilent
Lemuel Kili Quigg of the New York county
organization inust not be regarded as his
| representative in Albany ou any legislation al-
| focting the Republican party, Senator Platt has
telegraphed that if any representative is to
speak for him {t will be Benjamin B, Odell, Jr.,
Chairman of the Republican State Committee.
Mr. Allds, Speaker Nixon, and the Republican
Senators who were aware of Senator Platt's
telegrams, declined:to speak specifieally of the
contents of the messages, Naturally, however,
Mr. Piatt’s words brought outa little of con-
temporaneous history,

Speaker Nixon was sick a good deal of last
winter, but he was on hand enough to know
that Mr, Quigg occasionelly came to Albany
aud shifted bills, Mr. Nixon was a little angry
when he heard of Mr. Quigg’s conduct. Mr.
Allds was also disturbed, Those who talked
confidentially to-night of Senator Platt’s mes-
sawes said that Mr. Quigg had recently given it
to be his opinion that Mr. Platt could not live
much longer and that Mr, Odell and Mr, Quigg
would be the great powers of the Republican
party inthe State of New York. There was
another story to the effect that Mr. Piatt be-
| lieved it time to make a change in the leaders
ship ofthe Republican forces in Greater New
York: that he believed the organizations of
New York and Kings should be merged, aud
thac Lieut.-Gov, Woodruff should be head of
this great machine,

The statement concerning  Lleut.-Gov.
Woodruff becoming this great political foree
{mn Greater New York was hardly consonant
With the opinion of certain people that, Mr,
Woodrull would either like to be the Vice-
Presidential candidate or the next candidate
of the Republican party for Governor of the
Stute of New Lork, Nevertheless, no one was
found who disputed the statement that if
any change is made in the Republican county
organization of New York, Senator Platt de-
sirea that Mr, Woodruff should take the helm
for the reason that Mr. Woodruffand Mr, Odell
are congenial and, according to their lights,
would work forthe alvantage of the Republi:
can party all over the State as well asin New
York city , .

The Republicans at the Ten Eyck, the Ken-
) more and other hotels who were aware that
Senator Platt had sent the despatehes to Mr
Alida, said that they did sot care to discuss

 

them, and neither did they wish to say
anything about Mr. Quigg's future in Now
York county They had been informed,

they sald, that Mr. Quigg bad made certain
business alliances which were not altogether
Republican in thetreharacter, and it was their
opinion that Mr. Plate had ascertained the
| facts and did not_believe that it would be the
correct thing for Mr Quigg to visit Albany as
his alleged representative, and attempt to fo-
|} finence legislation,

ANGRY STI, LOUIS CITIZENS,

| nen

| can Members of the House of Delegates
“scoundrels” and **Boodlers.”’

| The floor of the Real

crowded to-day with

Sr. Lours, Jan, 11
Fetate Exchange was
| business men and taxpayers who gathered to
| protest against the failure of the House of
| Delegatesto provide for the Hghting of tha
| streets and publio buildings of the city.
| the preamble to the resolutions adopted calls
attention to the persistent rumors that the
failure of the House of Delegates to legislate
for lighting the city, Is the result of corrupt in-
fluences affecting certain members, Thea
resolutions declared the meeting adjourned.
| to meet atthe hall of the House of Delegates

on Friday, “then and there to demand of that

body sueh instant action as shall rectify this
| infamous wrong which has been :
and upon their continued refusal toa

such remedy for this unparaileled violation of
| their sworn duty as public ofMfeials as may be
dictated by an outraged sense of justice.”

The reading OF the resolution was frequently
interrupted by eries from the floorof “Lynch
the Seoundrels,” “hanging {6 too good for
them.” and “‘lsoodlers.”” “We will go pro-
vided with ropes." was shouted in answer to
| his question astohow many woujd visit the
City Hall

The trouble arises primarily from a conflict
| between the legisiative branch of the city gov-
ernment and the Board of Public Improve-
ments. (The latter, under the charter, must
draft all ordnances providing for lighting
while the former enacts them,

The assertion is made that the board, by in
corporating a renewal clause, would take from
the House of Delegates power vested therein
by the charter. Back of thia is a desire to hold
vp the bid of the Missouri Edison Company
until two electric companies in process of for-
ination are in position to compete, This is
where the bood!ls charges come in,

committed
\

t, fo seek

ICE YACHTS COLLIDE,

 

They Come Together With Great Force and
Several Persons Are Injured,

tep Bank, Jan. 11.—Three races were on
| the yachting programme to-day, and they were
| most interesting and exciting on account of a
flerce gale which blewup the river from the
eastward, The first race was for the third.
class challenge pennant, which was won by
Charlos Burd's Zip, with Commodore Vorford's
Flaw second. The twelve-mile course was
sailed, but in all the races the boats had plenty
| of windward work, Zip'’a time was twenty.
nine minutes. The third and second class
yachts then raced for silver prizes offered by
Commodore Samuel W, Morford, Seven boats
entered in the race for third class yachts,
Charles P, Irwin's Georgie won in twenty-four
minutes. Commodore Morford’s Flaw was
second, Inthe race betweea the second clase
yachts Charles Allen, Jr.’s, Edma M, beat
James B. Weaver's Kittie, The winner's time
was twenty-two minutes,

After thea contest two iceboats, owned ra-
spectively by Robert Hance and Charles Fox-
well, collided, They were sailing almost aa fast
as the wind and they came together with

awful force. Tn Hange’s boat were the owner,
Miaa Julix Hance, Miss Kate Applegate and
Mra. Emile brench, Miss Hanee an! Mre
French were slightly eat and bruised. Foxwel!
| had as passengers Elwood Ivins and Dr. Frank
Jones, who were seriously hurt. Jones fared he
worst, and itis thought he is internally injured
He was cut about the ablomen and rendered
unconscious. ving had a long cut on the
thigh which exposed the bone, The injured
persons were brought ashore tn ice yachts and
| taken to tho Monmouth Boat Club house where
they were attended by physicians. Hance's
| boat was damaged, but Foxwell's was unin-
jured,
|
|
|
|
}
'

 

WOMAN GAGGED RY 4 THIKK.

Mrs, Annie Smith’s House Robbed
She Lay Bound and Helpless.

While

A man called at the home of Mra, Annie
Smith, 300 West 140th street, yearerday after.
noon and sald be would like to rent a furnished
room. He had a bieyela which he asked per-
mission to put inside, a8 he was afraid some-
' body would steal it, He was well-dressed and
pleasant-mannere! and Mrs, Smith readily
showed him the way tothe basement

As soon as they got inside he grabbed her by
the throat, paced a gaz in her mouth and tied
| her arma behind ber, The thief then locked

her in a storercom and went throughthe houee

from top to bottom, taking all the silverware

and jewelry he could find. When he departed
| be left the frout door open and didn't take his
bievyele

Aboutten minutes later one of Mrs, Smith's
neighbors, ett the house, noriced the open
door and thought it strange. He went in to in-
vestigate abd found Mrs, Smith atlil locked in
the storeroom. The police were at ones nott-
fied and a general alarm for the thief was aent
) to all the stations in the eity.

 

Travel, a Luxary.

The ‘Royal Limited,” Finest Day Train in the
World, leaves New York ath Ferry and Foot of
Liberty st. daily at & P. M.. arrives Washington 3 P.
M. Splendid Dining and Cafe Car Service,—adv,

  

BY THE

SUN PRINZN
U.S. SENATE'S

 

C-CRETARY.

BENJAMIN B, ODELL 18 SELECTED
IN CAUCUS BLT DKCLINES,

The Place Likely to Go to Another New
Yorker Not Yet Named—Gen, Clarkson
set Aside -Col., Kansdell of Indianapolls
to Succeed Bright as Sergeant-at-Arms.

The Hon, Benjamin B. Odel!, Jr., Chatrman
of the Republican State Committee of New
York, came down from Albany last night and
entered the Fifth Avenue Hotel at Yo'clock.
Many people were there to greet him. Some
wauted to know the truth about his utterances
concerning the Dixon-MeGovern fight and the
aAtatemont that he believed the feht to bea
fake, and because of nis opinion would advo-
cate the repeal of the Horton law,

“What nousense,” sail Mr, Odell, “No one
was more surprised than Lat Albany last night
toread reports of iny alleged utterances to
some ofthe New York evening newspapers,
Everything I said in a jocular nature had been
accepledin serious fashion. We were all jok-
ing in State headquarters yesterday morning
astothe fightand some of our enterprising
and interesting reporters of the evening news-
papers accepted my statements as serious,
They should all be made humorous editors.”

The information #reeted Mr. Odell that the
caucus of Republicau United States Benators
at Washington late on Wednesday had selected
him to be Seeretary of the United States Sen-
ate ja the place of the Democratic incumbent,
William KR, Cox of North Carolina. The news
is that the Republican Senators did not desire
to elect Gen, James 8. Clarkson as Mr, Cox's
successor, and as a final outeome had selected
Mr. Odell and had empowered Senator Platt of
New York to obtain, if possible, Mr. Odell's
acceptance,

“Ttlrst heard of my selection to be Secretary
ofthe United States Senate.” said Mr. Odell,
“last night at Albany. when Senator Platt
kindly telephoned me the information, I re-
plied that I should like to have a few hours to
decide the matter, I fully appreciate the
great honor that the United States Senate has
extended to me.”

Chairman Odell, it was
phoned to Senator Platt at

ascertained, tele-
Washington last

 

night thanking Mr, Platt and begging that
New York's senior Republican Senator would
convey to the other Republican Senators
Mr Odell’s acknowledgments — ot the
high honor, but saying that it
would be impossible for Mr, Odell
toacceptthe place, It seams that when the

United States Senators lid not find it agrees
able to select Gon, Clarkson they wanted a
strong nan like Mr, Odell, and so they went
ahead and selected Mr. Qudell relying on
Mr. Platt to induce Mr. Odell to aecept
the place, It seems also that Mr. Platt
believed that Mr. Odell could possibly
accept the plage as Secretary of the Senate ana
retain his place as Chairman of the Republican
State Committee of New York. Mr, Odell re-
fused to be @ candidate for reSiection to Con-
gress a year ago on the ground that he had
served two terms in Washington and his peo-
ple objected to further residence in Washing-
ton because of domestic reasons.

Senator Piatt, it is said, informed Mr, Odeil
over the telephone from Washington last night
that there was the greatest kindness on the
part of the United States Senators toward him,
but in view of Mr, Odell’s decision that he
could not accept the place
the Senate the Republican
august boty d

as
Senators of this
‘sired to give the place to some

other New Yorker. Neither Mr. Platt nor Mr.
Odell would tell who this man was. Mr, Odell
said that his family and business interests

would not permit him to leave New York

It was ascertained also over the telephone
from Washington that the Republican Senators
had alao in caucus decided Col, D. M,
Ransdellof Inianapolis, United States Marshal,
District of Columbia, under Harrison, to be
Sergeant-at-Arms in place of Col, Dick Bright
of Indiana, the present Demoeratio incumbent,
Formal action will be taken ata second caucus,
to be held on Jan, Hi,

Supt, Payn, of the Insurance Department,
came to New York from Albany jas} night,
He declined to kav anything about the situa.
tion at Albany concerning a probable sue.
cessor, Chairman Ole! also refused to utter a
word, and said that tive situation would de-
Velove itself,

to elect

 

 

PREDICT FARLY WAR WITH RUSSIA,

Japanese Newspapers Say Troops Are Bee
ing Moved to Points of Vantage,

Vancouver, B, C,, Jan. 11.—Advices by the
steamship Empress of Japan, which arrived in
Vancouver to-day, say that many of the
Japanese papers are predicting war between
Japan and Russia at an early date. All the
papers chronicle the rapll movement of
Japanese troops to points of vantage

George Tt. Gregg, ex-Mayor of Winnipeg,
who arrived from Yokohama by yesterday's
steamer, says the prospect of war between
Japan and Russia has been ip no respect
diminished through the recent overtures of the
St. Petersburg Government, Shortly bee
fore he left Japan the Government had
placed an order for 100,000 winter uniforms
with a Britlhkh firm, while coincidently the
Japanese press announced the purchase of
large supplies of campaign foods by the Army
Commissary Department. Hundreds of horses
are being mustered at Hirogham and drilled
for cavalry service,

Tho Kobe Chronicle looks upon war as vir-
tually assured and says that a few days ago a
steamer left a certain Japanese port under

sealed orders with a ‘arge foree of  sol-
diera equipped for the fleld) on board,
t also announced that three other steamers
ave been chartered as transports forthe eon-
veyanee of troops, Their destination {s Ma-
sanipo, Corea, Where the Russian gunboat
Domsky, with severa! other war vessele of the
same fog, had procecded with the excuse of
Watering. |

Another sientflcant report is given by a Tokio
correspondent, He pare the Briteh Govern -
ment recently appiied to tha Nippon Yusen
ho'sbato charter some of their steamers as

tra: sports, The application was refused,
the Japanese Government deelining  per-
mission on the w#round that it might
need the steamers, It is @asily
understood that the gituation {ts not
{mproved bythe Japanese active ant hearty

fidorsement of Great Britain in her South Afri-
ean policy and the assurance given by no fewer
than forty Japanese towns that, if desired, they
will supply Great Britain with complete and
experienced regiments for eervice in tha
Transvaal,

GIRLS CATCH A BURGLA?,

Lock the Doors and Then Tackle a Second
Story Man With Success,

Concorp, N. H, Jan. 11.—This evening two
plucky girls captured a robber down in Mane
chester just before supper, when they were
alone in the house, Misa Marion Josselyn
discovered an intruder on the stairs leading
form the upper part of the house
Khe ran to the front door and locking it, put

| tie key in hor pocket At the same time she
culet to her sister Lenn to fasten the rear

| er
bound hin toa heavy bedstead and telephoned |

|

|

| $m

door, The two girls, who are IS and 22, ree
‘tively, then canght the robber | The

 

tothe pouee, When the patrol! wagon reache!
th: house the girls had searched the thiel and
taken from him $7 in money whieh he bad
found in one of the rooms

The robber was recognized by the poliee as
Pete Bezouia who has a sentence of five years
for second story thieving hanging over him
Hy is about 29) yoars old and of si ght build

Married ona Train Going at Fall Speed.
CoLumpta, 8, C., Jan. 11.—Miss [Hattie Riegs

of Ora ¢ y j t relae |
rangeburg, ostensibly going to viait reas | bandit of that name and

tives in Abbeville, was joined at Prosperity to-

day by H.C, Holloway, who telegraphed ahead
or ® Dreacher to board the train at New berry,
hen, when the train on the Southern Koad
WAS Boing forty-five miiea an hour, the run-
away couple atood in the aisle, flunked by the
Or passengers, aad were married

 
      
 

 

Secretary of |

 

| each for the children

 

|e

  

 
   

Rain to-day; followed by fair

 

a ce an Sn ee

PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

PASSENGER STKAMEB ASHORE

 

Lives Lost in a Wreok on the Newfound.
land Coast,

Br. Joune, NB, Jan. 11.—A large boat eup-
posedto be a passenger steamer, {8 ashore
five miles from Peters’ River. Her name can-
bot be made out and tho sea {6 60 heavy that it
fa {mposaible to reach her.

A number of persons can be seen onthe
deck, Some were washed overboard during
thoafternoon, Others are lashed to the rig-
wing and it ts feared that they will be frozen
to death during the night

a

OF CUBA,

ANNEXATION

 

 

Senate Committee to Visit the Island With
That Object tn View.

Wasaincton, Jan, 11.—When the Currency
bill, now pending in the Senate, shall have
passed, the Com mittee on Relations with Cuba
will visit Cuba to thoroug.uly familfartze the
mem bers with the social, industrial and pollti-
cal condtions in the island and to
learn from actual observation how much
time will be required to bring Cuba under the
influence of American ideas and American
methols, Senator Platt of Connecticut, the
chairman, and Senator Aldrich, the ranking
Republican member of the Committee on Fi-
hance, are hopeful thatthe Curreney bill will be
passed so that the Cuban committee can leave
the United Btatesearly in February. Itis evi-
dently the prevailing sentiment among the
Inembers of this committee that the annexa-
tion of Cuba will ultimately result, and per-
haps atnodissantday. In the meantime the
Cubans will enjoy that Independence promised
them in the resolutions of Congress which
brought on the war with Spain.

According to one member of the committee,
“anpexatiogn will be brought about by a per-
fectly natural process of transition.” It is with
this in view, and with the object of finding
ways and means to accomplish this transition,
that the Senate Committee will visit the island
next month,

TROLLEY CAR RUNS AWAY,

Six Persons Injured After a Wild Ride
Down an Incline,

Scranton, Pa, Jan, 11.—Six persons were
injured and twenty-seven others frightened
this afternoon through the run ofa trolley car
down the Pine street incline of the Laurel Hill
division of the Seranton Railroad Company,
The carfbecame unmanageable, theltracks being
6lippery., Leaving the rails, the car crashed
intoa post, It was literally torn apart and the
roo! was carried away. Robert Croop of Dun-
more sustained a fracture of the right arm and
two broken riba. Mra. O. J. Miller of Pine
étreet was lacerated about the face and head
Mrs. George Ciubb of Dunmore was bruised
aboutthe chest, Samuel Colwell of Dunmore
wascutabontthe face and head. Two other
persons sustained painful injuries,

As the car began to tear dowa the grade the
motorman and conductor jumped, The pas-
sengera When into # panic,

Is GOEBEL TO MARRY?

Story That He Is To Wed Miss Blackbarn
Denied by Both,

Lexinoron, Ky., Jan. 11,—Senator William
Goebel, it ia sald, {s engaged to be married to
Miss Corine Blackburn, daughter of United

States Senator J.0.8. Blackburn. It is de-
clared htat the marriage is to occur immedi-
ately after Goebel’s contest for Goveragor is de-
cided at Franktort.

In an interview to-day Senator William
Goebel sald the reason he had never married
Was because he had been too busy. “When I
was 7 years old,” he said, “l went to making
my own living by selling newspapers on the
streets in Covington. I was kicked about
then and ever since I have met with stern
cold opposition in all undertakings. 1 have
never had time to think of marrying.”

Both Miss Blackburn and Senator Goebel
deny the report to-day that they are engaged.

VANDERBILT PAYS HIS FINE.

 

 

Said He Was Serving on Jury in One Court
When Called to Do Duty in Another,

Assistant Corporation Counsel Kiernan said
yesterday that the case of Cornelius Vander-
hilt, who was fined $100 on orderof Justice
Fitzsimons of the City Court for contempt in
neglecting to obey ajury summons, had been
settiad “on terms satisfactory to the city.”
Mr. Kiernan wouldn't teil whether Mr, Vander-
bilt had seat a check,

Later in the afternoon it was announced that
Mr. Vanderbilt had sent hia check for the
amountof his fine. It was also said that Mr,
Vanderbilt was serving on a jury in the
Supreme Court at the tlue he Was summoned
to serve in the City Court

TRAIN ESCAPES WRECK,
Serap fron Had Reen Placed on the Long
Island Railroad Track,

Mrwngotra, L. 1, Jan. 11.—The passengers on
the 4:32 Oyster Bay express, eastbound, yester-
day had # narrow escape from being wracked
when about a mile south of Roslin, Engineer
Birdsal! saw adark mass onthe rails, and he
shut off steam and applied the brakes, When
the engine atruck the heap of scrap fron which
had been placed on the track, the speed of the
trail; was onlyten miles an hour, The iron
was undoubtedly put on the traek by train
wreckers, Detectives were immediately de
tailed on the case. The railroad bed at the
point of the fntended wreck was badly injured,

SUTRO'S ALLEGID WIDOW WILL SUE,
Not Satisfied With the Executors’
Give Her 4250,000,

Bay Franotsco, Jan, 11.—Ciara Kluge, who
alleges she isthe widow of Adolph Sutro und
the mother by him of two children born in Jaw-
ful wedlock, is dissatistied with the offer of the
estate to give her $250,000 aod will bring a
suit, for her one-third dower and a quarter
She will iso seek to
Present proofo! a missing wil! in her favor un-
der which Judge Waliaee and laasuih Wo Hell-
man, President of the Nevada National bank,
@re nuimed as executors

The estate is va vied at $3,000,000
five children by his frst wile

IN A

Offer to

Sutro left

GIRL TRANCE.

 

Her Condition Said to Be Due to Overwork
in a Factory.

Asnpuky Pang, N J, Jan 11
Fva Rose, a Bradley Beach factory gir!, ts
attracting atfention tn Asbury Park. Bince
Tuesday the girl bas been in coma. Her eyes
fre giasay and staring and herjawsare eet, but
those avout her believe that she knows all that

The trance of

takes piace In her room. Or Ackerman be-
lieves that she will recover in afew days. The
story that Miss ose cam ar being huried

 

ave is untrue, Her real state was known
Tuesday atrerr & few minutes after she was
Oirried to herhome. [tis believed that

young giriis avictim of overwork,

Ub OLY ANOUS THOT HE IS JOKE.

A Vive-Veaur-Old Wanderer From the Ror-
ough of Homes Pound at Maspeth, 1. 1.
Masrriu, L. L, Jan. 11,-A boy 5-year-old

Was four vandering about the car

last night by Patrolman Browerof the Newtown

    

| Preginct. The bey could give no aeeount of
himse!! except that he waa “Joe” and that he
evme from Brookivn, Heis evidently an Ita
jan, He wore biaek Knickerbockers, a paid
shirt waist, 4a brown coat trimmed with braid,

bown Kings, black lace shoes and a plush
eap
desse James's Son to Marry.
Kawsas City, Mo, Jan, 11.—Jesse E. Jamos
will be married on Jan, 24 to Miaa Steila
MeGown, daughter of Mr. and Mre A. M
MeGiow ‘ese James is the son of the noted

haa lived movt of his
lifeinthiscity. He now keeps 4 cigar store
and is prosperous

Latest Teain for Si. Louls

and Cincinnatt, leavés Grand Central Station every
aty20P. M., via N York ( entval—Big Four
Route, Trains iiuminated by Pinyeh light.—Adv,

  
 
 

 

stables |

 

<

|
|

 

   

winds shifting to northwest,

   

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 
  

 

MARGIN CLERK A FUGITIVE,

019,000 TAKEN FROM TWU OF KONE
© €O.'s CUSTOMERS’ ACCOUNTS,

William P, Filer Disappeared on Dee. 18
When Stocks Broke-L f a Wite ané
Two Children—Father-iu-Law Fegrs He's
Crary—Past Grand Master of a Lodge

William P. Filer, a clerk for Kotn & Coy
stockbrokers, of 44 Broadway, has disappeared
and hisemployers say that bis accounts are
$12,000 short. Yosterday the Shoriff received
an attachment for that amount against Piler
nd served iton a bank {n which Filer ia al@
to have @ deposit of $4U0 and on a safety dee

ea concern where he is 6a d to have rented@
x.

Tn his afidavit David Kohn declares thaé
Filer had worked for the firm as margin clerk
for the past two years and a half and that there
had never been any doubt as to his integrity
untll Dee, 11, when the etoek market broke
badly, On that day Mr, Kohn was looke
{ng over the margin book to see if the
Margine of his customers were all right
He found that the accounts of L Metegor
and E, Loob were insufficiently margined ang
he spoke to Filer about the matter, telling bim

to notify these customers to send more margia
to protect thelr stocks. He notieed that ler
seemed to be Justered, but thought nothing
it. Piler leftthe oMce saying that be woul
pee such @ notification and he never ree
1e¢
Mr. Kohn notifiel Met

erand Loeb an
they declared that they har :

hot received cere
tain balances that the books stated had b:
paidto them. Further investigation show
that Filer, who had beeu allowed to fill ous
Checks signed in blank, had on Aug, a»
Cashel! one of these checks for $3,008 oa
Aug 30, one for $4000 and on Sept, 21, one
for 35,000 and had charged all of the amounts
tothe Metzger and Loeb aceounta.

r Kohn, who lives with his brother, Otte,
another member of the firm, at 62 East Bixtys
elghth street, said Inst night that no trace of
Filer has beeu found since that day.

Filer lived in the Woodbury apartmens
Ninety-fifth street and Madte

When be disappeared Mr
Went with her two children to
live with her father, A. Rosenthal a@
cigar manufacturer at First avenue and
Seventy-third street, at @ Fast Ninety-third
Mr. Roseuthal said last ofght:

V son-in-law has disappeared, but I di
not think that he fs short in bis accounts, t
bow that he had been speculating heavil
and that he lost almost continnally. I thin
that he went crazy over his losses and [do nos
belleve the story that he took with bim when
@ Weut away nn actress. He was a Past
Grand Master of Mt. Nebo Lodge of Free and
Accepted Masons, If he ia short in bis age
counts his many friends will be ready to make
up any amount so that he will not be prose.
cuted, Tam worth more than a million and
can take care of him myseif for that matter,
We have no idea where he is and are very
anxious to hear from him, os we fear that he
May come to some harm while inao irrespone
sible condition,”

house at
hon
‘\ler

avenue

atreet,

 

 

 

WHO IS THIS FREK-MASON SUICIDE?

Registered as Fuller and Said He Was Bar
gent--Poisoned Himself,

A man registered as K. J. Fuller of Bote
ton killed himself with poison yesterday at
the Eastern Hotel in Whitehall street. He
left this letter:

Life~A Burles ine, QGood-by olf world, Yearsage
you could have served me better; of late you have
failed me. One: rain, good-by, Another reinear
nation will possibly prove mor@eongenial., For the
last actin the firce of Life attach all blame to mea,
J. @,
lis. 15 Grains FP,
aniA M é2d degree. Monitors
(Blue) st Hampton (Commandery)
(Riebmond fuse Winow's Bon,

Thomas Horan, the newsman who keeps@
etand in front of the hotel, said that the suicide
told him that he was Utward F. Sargent, who
was arrested on Monday for deserting hie
bride of four hours. Sargent wae a drug@ist,
According to his wife's complaint, he was
JSailors’ Snug Harbor. She sat
in the Yorkville court on Monday that
five weeks ago she met Sargent _ while
she was working as acloak model in @ Broade
way store, Sargent had induced her to go
to the Lutheran Church at Avenue A and
Fifth street and marry him and
then taken her to # boarding house at 335
East Ninetieth street. After four hours pe
told her to go to her home in Middletown, N.Y,
and left her, She went to Middletown, but
heard nothing more from her husband. Bhe
eame to this city and found a letter in hie
roomns from another woman and had him ar-
rested

Sargeutand his wife hada talk in the court
They left

 

Sleep, Oblivion, Rest, Morphine, Finis.
Adie, Bemper F
Sd Acyrer to BR,
John's (Chap
Consist

Adieu

 

nurse ib

 

room and settled their differences
the court towether,

The property found In the man’s clothin
included a gold watch numbered 42629, a dar
red sea! watch charm, a old ring with «a gereea
colored seal, a palr of gold cuff buttons set with
a Masonic omblem with an Odd
ellows badge attached aud 90 cents

fe! stones,

7O CUT OFF GEERY'S SOCIETY,

Mr. Harburger Has a Bill to Repeal the
Law Giving Ut $30,000 of City Money.

ALBANY, Jan. 11.—Assemblyman Julius Hare
burger of New dork city has drafted a bill ree
pealing the provision of the jaw under whieh
$30,000 of New York city moneys is paid ane
nually to Commodore Elbridge T. Gerry's
Society tor the Prevention of Cruelty to Chile

dren

Mr. Harburger says that this society has
been adjudge tl by the Court of Appeals not ta
bea eharitat organization, and that belme
the fuci. tis no longer entitled to this annual
appror tion, which bas been made for the

 

 

ostensible reason that the sou
ona charitable work

Mr. Harburger added that New York city
apentsullcient money through its public offl.
cials fo secure an enforcement of the eriminal
laws, and if such enforcement could not be
secured without the adol Mr Gerry's society
the reabon should be aseertained,

lety Wis carrying

COLER ON GERRY'S PRIVILEGES,

The Law Should Be Chauged-City Hands
$20,000 Over to His Society This Year,

Last summer Comptroller Coler got into @
controversy with the Gerry soetety over the
grants of city money which have beeu mate to
it, and yesterday Mr, Coler admitted that the
decision of the Court of Appeals that the aoe
diety wus notacharitable organization was @
defeat for him, as well as for (he State Board of
Charities, Mr. Cocr wants to stop the practice

of appropriating lamp sums of inoney from the
city treasury forcharitalie and other organi.
gations the submitted to the Board
of Estimate items tobe cut off he ineludes
the Gerry soc.eiy, but the board voted to give
$30,000 to it this year

“Lregard this court decision as a most une

    

      

   

fortunate thing forthe State,” said Mr. Coler
yesterday, “Ll regard it s urely astounds
ing thata man who wn ven ac.tizen of the
Rtate, who has changed nis residence in order
toaveid puying taxes, should have such pe.
markable privileges Js cline to the decision,
he is superior to the city andthe State, He is
absolute y irresponsible (oanyone. Ifthe law
is as the Court has devded, it) should be
ehangedatonce, Mysympathies are all with

the State Board of Charities
0

they will succeed Inthe end

| hope and think

  

AMi RICAN KILTI'D IN HONDURAS

Imboden, Who Was Interested ta
Mines, Shot at San Pedro Salta,

Capt.

han Paeancrsco, Jan, 11 -Mail adviees from
Guatemala City of Dec. 14 report the murder
}atSan ledro Sala, Honduras, of Cupt, Jacob M,
| Imboden, an American who had been inter.

ested for many years in mining in Hoaduraa,

 

The shooting was e by Jonquin Hernandez,
Reeretary in the Criminanl Court, apparently
without cause, He also dangerously wounded
another American, br. Wildjam uod. No dee
tails of the aflar hove Geen rece ved. Ime
boden left a widow and four children at Guatee
malaciry

Committee Unanimous Against Roberta,

It was expectod that
the Koberts case

Wasminoron, Jan. 11

the Bpectal Committee on

would take a vote this afternoon As lepre-
sentative Miers was called his home in
Bloominaton, Ind, this rning by the death
of hismother, the vote will provably not ba
taken antl his returs ihe committee te

unanimous on the proposition thar Roberta le
pot entitied to his seat, but Representatives
Littiefeid, Miers and De Armond wil report
thathe should Orst be seated and thew e@e
pelled, ‘

a an nee > tae

Sear eo

—_— —