ae

ee eee

——w

re

eee

‘
;

 

weer £e

—=

  

NEW SCHEMEOF TAXATION,

REPORT OF THE JOINT COMMITTER
or THK TAst LEGISLALURE,
the Annual

It Proposes the Abolition of

Direct State Tax Levy, and to Katae
815,000 000, by Levying a fax of Five
Mortgages and « Tas of 1

Millia on
Per Cent, ov the Stock of state aud Nae

thonal Banks and Troat) Companies,

Aumany, Jan Il --senaio *ranahan, as
ehalrinan of th: Tolnt Con mathee apnolsted by
the lust Legislature to revise the thx law, to»
Dight made public the ret ortof the eommittes
Tt waa the intention of the cou mittee to sub.
mit its report to ths next
Monday night, but owlng to the fact that a
copy of the report had Leen #f ‘en, the pubs
lication of the report was hastened) The meme
bera of the committee are Senators Strauaban
and Higgins and Assemblymen Collier
and Alids, Republicans: nnd Senator Grady
and Assemilyinan Paliner, Demoorats, All
of the meuibers of the cornmittee bave signed
Valmer, who I not

Legiwiatare

the report, escent Mr
a member of the preaent Legislature, He
did not sign the renort because ho was not

the meewt nas of the committee
was rated, but be has writ-
Stranaban, saying the
fact that he }os not slagned the report 16 not
to be taken as evitenes that he opposed the
recommendations so the oem ittee,

The scheme report d by the Committee cone
hel of the annaal direct

templates the abv litte
tax levy, which usually rafaes about
secure $15

$12,000,000, and proposes to
000,000 through in tireet taxation, by levy-
ing a tax of vs mills on mortgages and
one per cent, on the eapital stock of National
end State banks and) treet companiés, Senator
Btranehan wiiiptroduce next Monday nighta
bill carrying out the :ecommendations of the
Committee and he {s satisfled that the bill will
pass an! bee mea law

The report of the Committee follows:

“twill be readily understood that there Is
no subjectupon which there {fs more divers
gence of opinion than that of taxation,
It ts evident to the committee that there are

present at
when the repr
ten a letter to] Senate

 

objection is ‘double taxation,’ It ts certain
that the tax which we propose is not
double in the legal s8ere The value
which the mortgage represents will be taxed
but once for State purposes, The fact that

the borrowed money, while it exists in
apecle in the hands of the borrower, or
wheu it appears in the form of im-

sed land, will

yovements upon the morte
re the aubsct oftaxation for local purposes,
does not make thetox double, If tt dfd, our
entire system of realestate taxation would be
condemned,

“Foonomie double taxation exists in the
preweng aystern, but tt will not exist if the
Change proposed is made, Under the existing
eysiem mortgage debta are Hable to
very heavy taxation, and while they
generally elude — the tax gatherer,
fenders must, of course, be Com.
peneated for the riak, The result is that, as

competent expedrts believe, at laast one-halfot 1
cent, in the average iInterost rate on
ortage ions is tax pald by the borrower, who,

 

also, if ho uses the borrowed money
to improve the mortwowed land, pays
another tax on the aame Value for each pur:

pese of taxation, btate, county, town, ¥ lage
and achoel district, We are contident that a
candid and discriminating conelderation of the
Jouble taxation will fortify, rather than im-
peach, our proposition

“Cun corporate bonda and other mortgage
dobts, whan owned by non-residents, be taxed
by this State? The owners are beyond our
territorial jurisdiction and, of course, no per-
conn! lability for a tax ean Le imposed upon
them, But the debta themselves fre with-
in our power, if we can reach thedobtor, This
is shown by thefamiliar practice of attachtn
or garnisheeing debts owed to the residents o
other States or countries in judiclal proceds
ings
We belleve that {f the proposed mortauge
tax for State purposes is adopted, mortaages
onght to be exempted altogether from loca!
taxation, and that the tax should cover all
mortgages of real eatate altuated within this
Btate, whether made by cérperations ornatural
persons, or whether owned by residents or
non-residents, and Without exemptions, excent
inthe ainglo case of mortgages mude to the
commissioners of Unite Btates deposit
find, No awnerdfatmortange debt ought to
be allowed to deduct bia Indebtedness because
the rate ia low, as compared with the rate
Which the owner of real estate must pay, and
which the ownerof other personalty is Hable
to pay, and cause it Is necessary that the
tate revenue sheuldnot be aubject to fluctuas
tion or evasion.

‘Our eatimate that $10,000,000 would be
raised from moxtgage debts is upon the as-
sumption that there are $2,000,000,000 of mort.
gage indebtedness in this State. That
assumption is supported by — inveat!-
gation. In. addition to the revenue from
this tax and from the other permanent sources
of revenue, such as corpofation taxes paya-

{ Jogent and thoughtful persons In] ble to the Comptroller, the liquor tax
many inte! . : me ave ; that the and the death transfer tax, the State wi)
the State who PMV Delleve wa 8 require about — 63,000,000. To provide
great reform oftaxeton lies tn the direction of | for this we propose to. levy a tax

onal property, Wo are
avast majority of the

the exemption of pers
satisfied, however, th

 

ot] percent, upon the stock of national and
state banks and trust companies, the value of
the share to be aseertained by adding together

people of the Sture are ynable toagreetosuch | the capital stock, sur noe and epaviges

ip is and h t D ! t profits of such institutions, and de.
@ proposition, ar t Ss Be opinion sie Anetta therefrom the asaessea valuo
the burdens 0 axation ure SC) Of thelr real estate, which {a to continue to

distributed by the taxation of different classes
of property inthe hanldaof its actual owners,
andthatthe burdens now borne by real estate
are undnly grievous and shon'd be lightened.

“We have notconeeived that any change in
the tax laws, looking tothe placing of a largor
amount of personal property upon the local
assessment rolla would mect the condition

complained of, unless the Legislature should
be willing fo adopt the so-called Listing Sys-

 

 

be assesse! locally, It appeara by the tertl.

mony that banks in this State are assessed
at from JO yer cent. to 110 per
cent, on the basia of oapital stock,

surplus anduntvided profits, In many instan-
ces Wide cifferences in the assessments appear
in the same city or village. The trust con
panies, as u class, under the existing law, bear
u etuad proportion of taxation, as compared
with « r banking institutions with whom
they conipetedn many lines,

“The report ofthe Spperintendent of Banks
on savings banks and trust companies, made
Feb. 28, 1800, shows (page 18) that. on Feb.

 

  

the cormmittee have been loath to ree.
tom, th a oe nee ; , 1, 2800 the capital, surplus and oo undi-
ommend sneha plan, for while itistound when [ yvjqeq ‘profits of the trust companies
suoh & statute is first pur in operation, {tt | of the State wera ninety-ceven millions
sults br ine ¢t the roll a Jarge | of dollars, and that the total amount of taxca
result . Le ae te rae .s ks ° which they pald during the preceding year
amount of property whieh has theres | wag $455,557.08: the average rate, the'o-
tofore escaped taxation, {t has invariably been | fore, was » than mills on tne
’ It ype t one hat the
appointing t timate results, Capital | dollar. It will appear ao nee that th
Gisappointing in its u ° een . trust companies should be made to bear a
has left the jurisdiction of the State where | jarger proportion of taxes, and that aome of
it has been — tried, and after the | the State and rational banka are already ane
faw aATS f ' peration, the uly burdene Statistics In the possession
Geet os ore apie . Loft the Committee demonstrate that the 1
sum = realized rom personal property | per cent, tax apon the — fnatituttons
has greatly diminished, Again, it is inquist! | named will realize three millions of

dollats, and taken together with the mortgage

  

 

  

torial in its character ard repugnant to the | ia wa furnish to the State, together
truo American spirit, as ruthlessly expos: | with ite present favenne, about twenty-
ing the private affairs of the eitizen, | threa millions of colar, which sum is a {os
7 weave allay quate fe e support of the State governime
vet pammnines, Rewered, | rit rom the Pe mr tie ere. in See” Ant Nat al
sentiment of the people that bas developed | hanks and trust compantes should not be
befory it, that uuless a svstem of taxation Is | taxed for local purposes, nor ahonld there be
atiowed any deduction from the valae thereof

adopted which will compel the payment of a
larger portion of the publie burden by pers
sonal property, \" State of New York, al-
though a commer™al Sate, will be forced to
adoptastetute similar to those of Ohte and
Illinois, which compel every eitizento lst his
entire property for the purpose of taxation

“The Committee at the threshold of its work
formed the opinion, which it still holds, that
the most practical reform in the existing tax

 

 

 
   

  

 

 

  

  

 

because of debts of the individual own.
ers The withetras of the State and
Nationa banks from. loeal taxation wil!

 

in our judgment, embarrass no localit
An examination of the figures in the county of
New York indicate that there will beno embare
rasament there, and the fact that all counties
are relieved from raising money by direct tax-
ation, for the purpose of state yovernment,
wonld prove to its al vantage

“In brie, the following alvantages muy rea-
sonably be antielpated if our recommendations

are followed

 

  
 

 

  

 

 

  

    
   

       
 

 

laws of the State llesin the direction of raising ‘First. There will be no necessity for the
Btate revenuy «otherwise than by direct [equ ation of Bgnonsrpenis between count ea,
' “he burder taxation up. t
levy upon ‘the assessed valuation of real | om cone, A coe ti ve eeticed Ee ae
and personal property by annual Dills in | tent of about ten million dollora
the Legislature. The large concentration “Third-Thée new SAR sii! be uniform
, i , , » c ar thronghout the classes and certain and un-
of wealth in the county of New York and tn varying it theiray Hlieation. Payment will be
other great urban counties has fine | onforeed, if ned! be, asin the cas of the Reul
pelled the Rtate Board of Equalization from | Estate tax, by dive ating the Gene roof his title
year eduoe the assesse He No rrortgages will escape are will be po
year to yearto redluae the agse 1 valuation fection of debts and no atemptions
of the ruralecounties, nud increase that of the “Tourth, The on axes will bo collected
richer and wore populous ones, This course | without any mischievions inquisitorial
has seamed just to the rural communities, but | ceases, Mortenges are now generally spared
has been borne with great reinetunce by the | apon the pnbiie records, and the special v
others, - of other Jaws has alr pened the alfatra of
The committee sought subjects of taxation | y sand trust eompanica tothe supervision
which, together with the indirect revenue now | ey Meials
collected tv — the > | } ifth -Countles, eittea,t sand other toon]
cient OF ne sunt subdivisions wil ralee no tatasexcepttortheir
ernment. Ww ait soauenti?
ose Might be aeconiy centred upon
rom jocal taxaiion steam sud surfer pail. ,
roads, telegraph, telephone, eleetre Haeht and a nnty,eity,t wnorother joeal
power companies, gis, Water and pape line | eybed Will be ina position to prose )
companies, and ban! Wd drust companios, | the reasons why it shoul! he
and by levying ui neh corporations a deflas | qiowed ¢ a tax aratem to its liking,

xetion for state purpoere,

ite fixed rate oft

 

  

 

  

   

e trreapeetive of wha lons in other localities,
It became necessary to ascertain what pro- . hb, We presant for eons deraiion a
portion of the total tax raised by the politica lying the snegestions which we have
divisions of the State upon the property of in this report
such corporations was opaid by then ke no further recommendations at
and =the | committer eansed to be | this tima,hesansein ong judgment nanner
gatherod the entire sums paid) by the | jn whieh other parts of fle tax system ought

Corporation» named, inthe counties of Osween,

          

 

to be revised will varvaceonting as this funda.

  

   
  
  
  

 
        

 

 

Cattarangus and Chenango, It wa mental proposition is aegopied of rejaotel
fn Oswego, in INT, the sum of $8 There la a erying need for improvement in
was raised by taxation ¢ parts of tax law, and this partious
poses, OF this sum the trne in the matter of taxation of corpore
alone paid 8S per ations,
augus, in ISO, S458 22 “The revision of the taxation provisions of
steam ra Wa tiene raid the Corporation houlkl also involve a re-
Chenango, in WIT, sili vis tf tha tor relating to. their
and the steam ratiroads 5 { ’ organinatio heen male
cent. In some sel striota in the counties | equally ‘ in per re
named the steam ra vone pald Soper Teo organ itimare ral busine
ent. of the taxes and manuf ng corporat in thia State,
“Many other suggestions were made tothe | there should bea materi | increase in the tax-
Committee forthe purpose ot resizing a state | ation of corporations (incorrorated in. other
tax. Amoneothers submitted was the propos | States and paying to the other States
ition to tax the entire stock ofalleorporas | an organizat and eapital stock tax,
fons in the hands of individnals. Tt was proe | and loing business in. this Stats

 
 

posed to tax th ‘itire
and surplus of savings banks, a
abouta billion dollars, now es
tion Another proposition wae to piace an
excise license tnx upon various forms of buni-
ness, according tothe amountof business done
each year, which would in effect be an tneame
tax, and which the committee regarted as une
desirable,

“The committee, after much deliberati
solved to recommen! a State tax
upon indebtedness secured by
upon corporate at individual real
which the committee believe would pro

‘posits

    

nytt

   

  
       

not leas than S1,000.000 This tax has
much toreeommendit, This les of prope
erty ig now subject to tl 1 tax rate in
every locality in the State, except wher
held by envings banks, life insurance come
panies, building and loan asscemationa and

non-residents, The loca’ rate, we believe, wil
average atleast 2 per cent, in the State and
probably more. Inthe eity of Naw York the
rate this year is 2.48 and in some loealities 8
percent

“Tt has been shown to our satisfaction that
mortgage indebtedness, while legaly taxable,
{s not actually productive of mueh revenue

      

 

 

    

bevause of the exempti oved b

lar classes of mortanue (the apparer Ne
ability of asse te find this partic.
war ciass of property, and for other reasons,
who fact is that owners of mortage debris, as

 

a clase, do not contribute te public revenue
In the few cases in wh ch property in mortgage
Boes8 upon the assesament rol, the loeal rates
operate with great and undue severity, Some.
tines more than 5O per eent, of the income has
to be turned over as atax

“In fixing the rate to be paid on mortgage
debts we have been controlled mainiy by the
amount ot reverne which the State needs, bur

we have nor been unmindfal of the fact thar it
the rate is made too high the tax will
operate as a burden to borrowers, r
in other words, it will be an addeiona 1

estate tay, We have the following reasona tor
believing that the five mills rate for State
PUPrpoOs: accomumpsnied by the exemption of

taxation for lo
an additi
impr

il purposes willr
burden upos rea! estate, but wilt
lit fon of borrowers

t stared tous by Veo. Horeen Rhodes,
the President of the State Assocvation of Sav.
{ngs Banks, that tf mortgages were entirely
exempted trom taxation the result would
8 a retuction of the average rate of ine
terest purd by borrowers of at least one-half
of 1 per cent ‘This meana that, although
Mortgages yonerally escape taxation, the ili.
bility to tax under the existing fects the
interest rate tothe extentofat least one-half
ofl pereent, Tf then, we exemps m igages
from all taxntion,except to the extent ol ones
halfof i per cent., there will naturaly be no
chasge in the average rate of interest
Mr. Rhodes and h nendsareeonfident that
the proposed tat w
interest on KaAVIngS banks denostts neceasmrs
How can this happen, unless the Abo ition
ofthe Habiilty of mortgages generally tothe
heavy local tax iil more than counterbalance
the certain but ama! state tax proposed.

he taxation of mortgages hus bean the aubs
Jeet of much discussion. The most common

ot operdte as

     

 

 

~ PAs aay

mAke A reduction of |

    

and really employing their capital, or a portion
thereof, in this State. New York eannot offord
to ignoremuchloneerthe discriminating legis.
lation of other States, both with reference to
organization and taxation of corporations.”

   
    

 

NEWFOUNDLAND FISHERIES DISPUTE
France Expected to Consent to a Renewal
of the Modus Vivendl.

Specta! Cable Deapates to TRE Sus,

Loxpon, Jan. 11.—A Parts despateh to the
St, James's Gazette says France will undonbt-
edly consent to a renewal of the modus vivendt
in regard to the Newfoundland fisheries for

other year.

Sr, Jonn's, N. P., Jan. 11.—Offcial reports of
the New Foundland balt protection services
show that the French at St, Pierre are in great
straits over the lack of bait for the coming
flabing season. When New Foundland twelve
years ngo prohibited the aale of bait tothem
they obtained a substitute in periwink!es got
onthe Grand Banks, bul these winkle beds
are now exhansted, shellfish reproducing
elves slowly. Tha French are now re-
dueed to the nacessity of sa'ting down herring
forusetho coming apring Thiats the worst
quality of Sait and explains the French do-
mand forthe repeal of the baitact. The col-
ony, however, will enforee it more vigorously
than ever,

 

 

GERMANY'S DEMAND,

Wants Indemnity and nan Assurance
No More Steamers Will Be Seized,

fpecial Cae Despa'eh to The SUN
Brat, Jan. 11.—A Berlin desnateh to the
Frankfurter Zeitung save the German Govern-
ment will not be satisfied with the release of
German steamers hy Great Pritain. It willde-
mand, besides, an indemnity And an assurance

that similar mistakes will not be made,

Dynamite Faplosion Kills Ten Persons,
Special Cable Despatcs to Tux Bon
Bonpravx, Jan, 11.—Ten persons were killed
by a dynamite explosion in a private house at
Villlers this morning.

That

Avustraltan Rallway Strike Ends,
Specval Cable Desprtch to Tar Bus
Pert, West Australia, Jan. 11.—Tho strike
of the railway engineers {3 over,

 

Sufferers from indigestion get prompt and Jasttn,
relief by using Johnson's Digostive Tablets,— de, .

|

  

pr

ty

eee

    

CAVALRY CHASES REBELS,

 

BSUCCESAVUL OPERATIONS AGAINST
INSURGENTS SOUTH OF MANILA,

 

Filipino Arsenal Destroyed in Cavite Prov.

ince-Aguinaldo Reported to Be There

The Thirty-Ninth Infantry Captures a

Rebel Position in’ Laguna Province,
Special Cable Despatch to Tne So.

Manita, Jan, 11.—A rush of the cavalry
aquadron from Dinang through Silane in
Cavité province, was a wonderful performance,
The men passed between gorges wheratwenty
Boers couldstopan army and struck the tne
surgenta’ rear guard in the hills near Car-
mona. ‘Thereafter the rebels made a head-
long rush to escape, scattering in all directions
and dropping their rifles as they ran, They
also abandoned one cannon, Several bulle
carta were overtaken,

‘The precipttate flight of the rebels prevented
tho destruction by them of bridges over
gorges, If these bridges had been destroyed
it would have been impossible for the troopers
to cross,

The cavalrymen racedon through to Silang,
destroying the arsenal and capturing several
thousand rounds of ammunition, The trail
inthis nefghborhood {a one of the worst yet
inet, and crosses auUmber of streams. There
are four Amarican prisoners with the fleeing
insurgents

The cavalrymen took possession of the In-
surgent hospital, where they found 7,700 pesos
in money,

Co}. Bullard’s movement southward in Ha-
guna province has been very successful. Last
Tuesday he started [probably from Calamba,
on the shore of Laguoa de Bay) in pursult of
the rebela and struck several large forces, Tis
men capturéd the strongly fortified town of
Santo Tomas, where the rebels left thirty-six
dead in the trenches. Fifty-four insurgents
with their Mausers were captured and the
enemy abandoned four smooth-bore cannon,

The movement was carried outin this fashe
fon: Major George T. Langhorne with a bat.
talion of Col. Bullard’s regiment—the Thirty-
ninth Volunteer Infantry—and one Gatling
and one Hotehkisa gun, advanced along the
Santo Tomas road, Co!. Bullard witn five
more compantes of the regiment penetrated
the Mount Maaqniling foothills, while Capt.
Taylor with the otherthrea companies of the
regiment made a detour to the right and
struck the rebel trenches three miles out, The
enemy made two desperate stania and the
Americans had one man killed and two officers
wounded,

The rebels finally retreated in disorder and
fe}! against Co), Bullard, who had reached the
road aftera weary march. The deep gullles
and woods enabled many of the fnaurgentsa to
escape tothe west in the direction of Stlang,
Santo Tomas was deserted by the rebala and
two battalions of the Thirty-ninth were left to
garrison the town

The country tn this vicinity is quiet and
communication has heen established with the
adjacent towns, The people of Santo Tomas
say that Aguinaldo isin Cavité province

Major Boyd of the Thirty-seventh Volunteer
Infantry has captured the retired Insurgent
Gen, Riza!, Ife also found a handsome 'yvoarved
casket containing the bones of the General's
brother—the martyr Rizal, as the Filipinos call
him—ata village three mi!os from Los Banos,

GOV. SUAW DISCUSSES TRUSTS,

Advines the Legislature to Be Temperate
in Dealing With the Problem,

Des Morngs, Ia., Jan. 11.—In his inaugural

address to-day Gov, Shaw devoted considera-

ble attention totrnsts. The Governor believes

that the great combinations of the prea.
ent day are the natural result of the
evolution of civilization, Pointing to
the fact that great combinations

in the transportation business had reduced in
twenty-three yeors the coat of taking a bushel
of wheat from the Missouri River to Liverpool
from U1 e¢ents to 82 centea, he declared that
the mere fact that there are combinations is
not necessarily harmful to the Western pros
ducer, He satd:

“Advan ced civilization, improved opportunt-
ties and grent achievements have been accom.
panied with some illato which all former gen.
erations were strangers. Fonality ean he
found only among savages, [! is no fault of

 

   
 

 

   

 

our jaws, or of onr humanity, or of our
civillgetion, that some are phyeteally stronger
than others: that some have better memory
than others, or are better lawyers or doctors or
financiers or cooks than others, Much use we

: dislike ft, the old order changeth, giving
n he ne I repeat then that age
wr yneaoor combinations of capital do not
nocesastily conantute the evil complained of,
They mav be andare dangerous, for they may,
and freqnent® do Accomplieh great harm:

ey are not harm (ul per_se

i ywernor advised the Legislature to be
fem] rte in its gisiation aguinst trusta, to
be sure that it was effective and that |
it would) not be harmful to the people

apital and {ne
relations of the

Jed: “If yoa
1 uniform

of the State by driving out
terfering with the businass
} ple of S e He os

  
  

       
 
  
 

 

 

   

 

that ehall tind no more

‘there than here ft will be my
plersire fo @odperate with yon, or If vou
econ deviee some statute which will relieve
our peop ia from the domination of monopolies
either ¢ home or. abroad, shall be
a! oadd my sienature when thet shal! he
i elforaprroval, Tthink it is wenerally

 

 

ded that. the trast blem must. be
treatad by the National Congress rather than
by State Legislatures.”

ernie

 

WOWAN AILLED NEAR LUDLOW,

She Was Walking on the Ratlroad Tracka
The Body Not Identified,

Yowners, N.Y, Jan. 11.—A woman's boty,
mangled probably beyond recognition, is at
Vietch's morgue, The woman waa killed by
train #7 on the New York Central Railroad at
2:20 o'clock this afternoon, a short distance
south of Ludlow station, She was walking on
the tracks and slepped of the centre track to
avold a freight train and walked in front of a
passenger train.

Only one visitor at the morgue believed
identification posaible, A woman who would
not give hername said that she thought the
deal woman was Mrs, Margaret Van Matern,
tormery of Yonkers

The boty isthatofa woman about 35 years
old, of light complexion, weighing about 175
, tnds, f feet 7inches tall, Her fair bair wns

rushed back from her forehead, Her ¢ oth.
ing was good texture, The skirt was of
black cloth, the waist black satin, She wore a
plush cape and afurhat. A purse containin
oO cents was found in @ pocket, and a gol
ring was found also

  

 
  

 

WALKING DI! LEGAT CS DISBAND,

War Between Manhattan and Brooklyn
Labor Bodies Takes a New Form.

Asaresultof a fight Letween the Manhattan
and Brooklyn Boards of Walking Delegates the
Brooklyn board has disbanded and reported
yesterday that it has reorganized on «pew
basis, ‘The trouble arose over the fact that
some delegates to the Manhattan board were
alsodelegates to the Brook!yn board,and the
latter wanted to have {! wd run entirely by
Brook'yn men, Anion o
been admitted inte the Brooklyn board whieh
is antagonuiletio tothe union of the same trade
in the Manhattan board. The latter, it was
Stated esterday, Will establish headquarters
in Brooklyn as wellns in Manhattan and try to
capture some of the Brooklyn untons,

 

 

 

 

  

TAVNER WOULD BE SENATOR,

The Governor Planning to Succeed Mr, Cul-
Jom in Washington

Srrivorrecp, Il., Jan, 11.—John Rilev Tan.
ner ia acandidate forthe United States Senate
to suceeed Shelby Mi. Cullom his morning
the state Register, the Governor's recognized
organ, aald

“Gov, Tanner yesterday confirme! the report
that he was a candidate for United States sen.
ator against Senator Cullom to numerous loca
politieal callers who visited Governor's offlea
and Fxecutive Mansion Both Cullom and
Tanner will endeavor to avcure the endorsomnt
of Sangamon County Republican Committee,”

   

 

Saved a Burning Woman's Life,

Mrs. Annie Sohn of 626 St, Ann's avenue,
the Bronx, stumbled and fell while corrying
@ lighted jamp at her home last night. He
dress caught jire and she ran into the street
acreaming for help. John Dalton, a passing
truck driver, smothered the flames with horse
blankets. Although erat burned, ite.
Sohn refused to go to a hospi

stone cutters has |

 

UG@LED VAINLY TO SAVE HIM,

 

 

 

Wife and Daughter Couldn't Keep Bieder-
man From a Plunge to Death,

Michael Biederman, a furrier, 50 years old,

THE SUN, FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 100.

committed sulcide shortly after 7 o'clock yess |

torday morning by dropping from a rear win-
dow ofthe flat in whioh he lived on the third
floor at 220 Fourth street toan areaway thirty
feet below. Temporary insanity, brought on
by fearof losing his eyesight, led to the sul-
elde. Not long ago Biederman said to his wife:

“Mamma, I’m growing blind. Iknowit. I
have thought ao for some time, but I had poa-
itive proof toeday. [ had great difficulty in
telling otter from sealekin to-day, in apite of
my new glasses, It will only ben matter ofa

short.time now before the leht will go out al-
together, and then what's to become of you and
the daughter?”

Yoaterday morning, Mra. Biederman aad her
daughter were preparing breakfast,and Bieder-
man was supposed to be dreasing, when the
xoundof breaking glass was heard In a room
in the rear of the flat, followed by a shout
from Biederman:

vient taht! It'scome! Ican aco!”

Mrs. Biederman mished into the room, only
to see the head and shoulders of her huaband
disappear through the broken ginas of the
window, She grabbed his legs just as they
Were going over the window alll, Finding ha}
he was caught, Bloderman wriggied aroun
until he caught the fire eacape, just east of the
window. Mra. Biederman called her daughter,
and the two struggledto pullthe man back
intothe room. Thelr hold gradually relaxed,
and Biederman presently freed himself, Turn-
ing Rom plete? over, he dropped to the trap.
door leading to the callat, upon which he landed
in @aitting posture. The door was broken
and Biederman sunk down upon the cellar
atepe. He died a short time afterward, the
ambulance surgeon said, from concussion of
the brain,

SUICIDE ON THE RAIA,

 

 

New York Woman Throws Herself in Front
of a Locomotive at Greenfield, Maas.

GREENFIELD, Mass., Jan, 11.—Mrs, Sylvain
Lehmat of New York, aged 30, committed sul-
cide this morning by throwing herself in front
of A switch engine on the Fitchburg Railroad.
Sho was killed instantly, On the way to Grven-
field last evening she tried to throw herself
from the train. She arrived in Green-
fleld last night on the night express
from the South, inquired the way to the resi-
dence of WN. Potter, with whom she claimed
to be acquainted, and after a few minutes’ con-
versation went tothe Elm House, where she
registered as Mre.8. Lehman ot New York,
She requested to be called at 5:30 o'clock this
morning, so that she could take the 6:20 train
west on the Fitehbarg Railroad. About 1
o'clock this morning she awoke a boarder at
the Elm House with the request for writing
paper. He referred her to the proprietor,
who said she must wait until morning.
She arose about 5:30 o'clock this morning,
asked for a glass of spirits, and being told that
there wae none in the house drank a cup of
cotfee and started for the station, She reached
the station aa the awiteh engine was coming
in. Dropping heratehel and umbrelia, she
threw herself in front of the engine and was
killed instantly,

GUSTAVE MAHE A SUICIDE?

Former New York Physician’s Sudden Death
in Sioux City,

Srovx Crry, Iowa, Jan. 11.—Dr. Gustave
Mahe, formerly of New York, considered herea
man of wealth, was found dying in his oMces
to-night by the janitor. He lived only a short
time. There are indications pointing to
suicide

Dr. Mabe came to Sioux City three months
ago with his wife, a Southern woman, who is

rostrated. They lived at the beat hotels, Dr,
Mabe wos born in Parts, When years old his
family moved to San Francisco where his
father died, leaving @ fortune to the aon,
Dr. Mahe studied frst in this country aud then
Paris, taking up his practice in New York,
Four years ago he suffered with nervous proa-
tration and has since travelled in kurope and
Asian, He was @ friend of Herrmann, the magi-
cin,

DR.

HANGFD UWIMSELF AT 8&6,

Weber Was Well-to-do but Had Becomo
Despondent After His Wife's Death,

Charlies A. Weber, a well-to-do retired com-
mission merehant, 56 years old, hanged him-
self yester tay inthe celinr of his house, at 5S
Harman street, Williamsburg. The death of
his second wife a few months ago made him
pondent and he often told hia son, a eripple,

arsolc, that he was tired of lifs. After
st yesterday morning the son weat out
Weber went tothe celiar with a piece of clothes.
Hine andakitehen chatr, THe fastened one ent
of the rope toa beam and the other around
his neck and kicked the ehair from under hts

   

fect, The ropa broke and Weber fell on his
{ne Mra. Fmily Larke, a tenant, went tothe
eellar’  ‘vood and fell over Wgper's body. A
doct wd that death was du®¥to strangula-
tion anathat Weber was probably dead when

the rope broke,

DIED BECIUSE HE WAS JEERED AT,
Nineteen-Year-Old Boy With a Deformed

Face Takes Carbolic Acid.

Pau] Dunean, 19 years old, committed suicide
on Wednesday night at his home, 246 West
125th street, by swallowing carholie acid. Ilia
parenta went out to visit some friends, and
when they returned home at 10:300'e ock thoy
found him ying dead aeross the bed tn his
room

The bov's face was slightly deformed, and he
Whe Very itive about it. He was omrploved
ina whosesale honse tn Franklin street, near
jroadway, and he told hia parents that his
companions made fun of him.

eer

ST, LOUYS DOCTOR KILLS HIMSELF,

Found Dead tn an Operating Chair With a
Revolver by His Side,

Sr. Lovrs, Jan.11.—Dr, J. C, Mulhall was
found dead in his oMce In Olive strect.at noon
to-day, Hewas seated in an operating chair
and a revolver waa lying near his right hand,
Tle had shot himselfin the left breast near the

heart. Dr. Mulhall was aaspecialist on throat
diseases and at one time had an extensive
practice

A short time 40 he entered a sani-
tauriam for treatment and had but recently re-
stimed practice He leaves a widow and three
children, He was 40 years of age.

Looked itn a Glaas and Shot Himself,

Bernard Wolfarth, 61 years old, killed him-
self yeaterday afternoon at his home 345
Seventh avenue, He shot himselfin the right

temple with an old-fashioned percussion-cap
revolver andto make sure that his aim was
good he placed a mirror. on. a table before he
ulledthe trig@er, Wolfarth had been in poor
ealth for several months and frequently said
thal he had very little to live tor. He wasa
machinist and had awife and child.

" Man of Eighty Commits Suloive,

Poruaperpnra, Jan, 11,—William P, Jen-
nings, aged 80 years, one of the oldest mem-
bers of the Order of Odd Fellows, and an tne

mate for many yeora of the Odd Fellowa’
Home in this city committed suicide yesterday
by stabbing himself in the breast six times
with ashoemaker's knife Hea had been suffer.
ing from rheumatism for several weeks,

CAR HITS A RUNAWAY CAR,

Mr. and Mra. H. A. Lyons and the Driver
Hurt—Baby Unhbarmed.

Louis Fransen, a eab driver, of 33 Reade
strect, Brooklyn, was called tothe Grand Cane
tral Station last night and there got as pas-
sengers Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Lyons and their
four-months-old danghterof 280 Halsey atreet,
Brooklyn. He started to drive tham home. At

| Fortieth street and Third avenue the pole strap

on the off horse broke and this frightened the
team Into ranotng away. One block further
the cab was struck bya Third avenue trolley
car and banged into an elevated railroad
pillar, The carriage was demolished and Fran-
sen War thrown to the street, He sustained
abadsealp wound. Mr. and Mrs, Lyons were
Prulsed, but the ehild was unhurt, Oneof the
horses which broke looge from the wreckage
twas captured by Polleeman Byrnes of the East
Thirte-fifth street station, after it had run for
five blocks,

DETECTIVES LOOK FOR ROSSER,
Want Him to Anawer to a Jury for Shoot-
ing Slater,

Walter or Willia Rosser, who was released by
Magistrate Poo! because Frederick Slater,
whor he shot in Madison Square Garden on
Dec. \), did not appear to complain against bim,
is ited by the police again, the Grand Jury
having taken up the case, After his release he
did not return to his boarding house at 1s
Lexington avenue, Detectives were hooking
for him last night to answer acharge of assaule
in the first degree

 
 

 

HOTEL AND BOARDING HOUSE

ecommodations of a desirable character may
found by @ reference to Tue Sun's adver
tizing columns.— .

one eter ne

 

|

  
 

 

STORM BREAKS ON POLICE,

THE SHAME OF FLAGRANT Vick
SOLEMNLY LAID REFORE TYE.

 

Felix Adler, Jacob H. Schiff, Mra, Lowell,
Father Doyle and Viear Paddock Go to
Devery and the Board With Thetr Pro-
teat-WIlL Watt to See What Follows,

The storm of indignation that has been
@ithering on the East Side because of con

ditions there which the police should have |

coped with long since broke over Mulberry
atrectatter all, instaad of over the City Tall
Whatever Influenced

this result {t wrought the end #0 much dealrod
by the Police Board, A committee of intluen.
tal citizens had a protracted wession With the
hoard andthe Chief yesterday afternoon and
laid before them the siory of their grievances,

Ths committeo was appointed at a meeting
held in the United Charities building a week
ago. Tho meeting was called by tha Reform
Committee and was surrounded with the
Greatest secracy, No one was admitted except
by card of special Invitation conveyed cont.
dentially, Some ofthe best known citizena in
Now York were there. Before them waa nid
anarray of facta gathered by the Volunteer
Committee aa exhibiting the conditions of
which complaint was mada, They were dis-
cussed and the form of a remonstrance directed
to the city authorities was drawn up.

It protested with the most so’emn emphasts
against the display of prostitution that had
grown into & publie seandal; against the in-
rowisit was making upon the tenement and
upon the home-life of the poor: and agatnst its
corruption of the children both by the tntimaoy
of vice with the onre and by tho deliberate em-
ployment of children in the vile traffle, These
things, demonstration of which was easy and
at hand, eonetituted an evil, the protestants
agreed, againat which all resources of private
citizens and all oficial power must be brought
to bear lest {t wreck the coming generation and
the city's fair fame, 6

It was the original idea to pass Mulberry
street by because of lack of confidence in its
purpose and methods and to go straight to the
Mayor with the complaint, which, backed as it
was, Would be in effect a threat sure to be
heeled: but other counsel prevailod. It was
decided to try the police first, Accordingly a
committes appointed by the meeting met pes-
terday at Pollen Headquarters and desired an
interview with the Chief and the board. Prom-
inent in it were Dr. Felix Adler, Jacob Sehitf,
Josaohine Shaw Lowell, the Kev, Father Doyle
ofthe Paulist Fathers and the Rev, Robert L.
Padstock, the vietr of Bishop Potter's mission,
the Pro-Cathedral in Stanton street. They were
ushered into the Chiet'’s oMflee and introduced
to him individually, Prestdent York and Com.
missioners Hees and Abell eame down and the
doors were locked pon the outside world,

The seaston lasted more than an hour, One
after another the members of the committe
put before the officials what they knew, an¢
raid in substance that it was not any longer
to be borne, President York had desired facts,
Thera was no dearth ofthem, The Rev. Mr,
Paddock was able to tell how he himself had
been acrosted and seized by lewd women,
against whom his clergyman’s attire was no
protection. Each one had hia story to tell of da-
pravity and degradation flaunted on the publie
view, Allen street Was passed in review,  [n-
Spector Crosa and the deputy chiefs of the bor-
ougns listened to it allin silence,

When the reformeara had bad their say the
Chief snoke. He spoke Jong and earnestly.
He could be heard defendifig himself in an ex-
cited voice, striding up aml down the floor. He
told of the orders he had issued to the captains
over there to mark the women burrowing in
tenement houses and to briag them up before
the Magistrates with the brand apon them tn
plain publle efeht. He wanted to protect the
people's homes as earnestly as did the others,
and he wastrying to do the best he eould. It
wasn great and hard task. Any he’) from any
fe he would moat gladly welcome,

President York algo expressed his desire for
help. He told how he had been at work taking
testimony on the Enet Side for weeks. He de.
stred above alla picture of the facts exactly aa
they were, Upon the bnsia of {* the board
would goto work, If there was a way of clear.
ing up he would find it. He hoped that he had
alresdy found {* in sharp attention to the
landlords who harbored the fofamy. Very
shortly reanita would be apnarent

The talk drifted from the Fast Side tosimilar
conditionsin other parts of town, In Little
Coney Island ypon the West Side, In the Ten-
derloln and elsewhere, and Mr. York sald they
were recefving attention. Little Coney Island
was his special charge

When the committee went away, dumb to-
war! the reporters, the board want into execu.
tive season and aat long talking itover. None
of the commissioners had a word to say. The
Chief drew along breath of rellef. He looked
het and excite! but smiled tothe newspaper
men and deelqred that he had not one word
forthe press [Tt waa apparent that there had
beer atryngtime. A-singlea ominous remark
Wes allowed to eseape from the committees aa it
went out Itwas tothe effoet that they “had
tried Mulberry street now and would walt and
wateh forthe effort.”

 

 

   

rR, TICKPT COMMISSIONS CUT OFF,

Important Bostuess Agreement Reached by
Western Ronda,

Acommittee appointed at the conference of
Western railroad presijenta on Tuesday met
in the Fauitable Bul ling yesterday and agreed
to abolish the system of giving commissions to
ticket agents for passenger business. Presi.
dent Felton of the Alton and Vice-Presidents
Morton o: the Santa Fe, Hannaford of the
Northern Pacifle and Kameey of the Wabash
were named aa a Conimittes to confer with
lines not r presented an lurge them to eoneur
inthe action taken, This together with a da-
cision made by representatives of southwestern
roads {4 Chicago vesterdey wiil, it is said, bind
all lines east of Denver,

 

 

 

BROVX CRIES FOR MORE WATER,

Call Upon Borough President Hafien and
the Same Night It Rains,

Agroup of citizons of the Morrisiania di{s-
trict called upon Borough President Louls F.
Haffen of the Bronx yesterday to complain
about the low water pressure, Water could
searcely be piped to the seeond stories of
houses, they deviared
phoned to Chief Logineer Birdsall of the Le-
partment of Water supply, who said that there
was low water in the reservoirs and conse-
quently alack of pressure in the water mains,
Vienty of rain would remedy the trouble he
said, Last night a comfortable rain came
down,

     

You have been in the power house of
@ome great plant of machinery. Did it
occur to you that your body was a more
wonderful machine ?

In the term of a natural life the heart
beats three thousand million times and
with a pressure of thirteen
pounds to the stroke, lifts in
that time, half a million tons

 

 

of blood. What care are you taking of
this wonderful machine?

Shortness of breath, buzzing jn the
eqrs, dizziness, palpitation of the! heart,
sleeplessness, stomach trouble, in: iges-
tion are only some of the evidences that
the machinery is undergoing a strain
which sooner or later will break it down.

What the lubricant is to the machine
of iron, Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical
Discovery is to the machine of flesh and
blood, It reduces friction to a minimum
and keeps the great organs in proper
ruuning order, It does this by healin
diseases of the stomach and organs o
digestion and nutrition, and increasing
the flow of pure and healthy blood.

“T used ten bottles of Dr. Plerce’s Golden
Medical Discovery and several vials of his
‘Pleasant Pellets’ a year ago this spring, and
have had no trouble with indigestion since,”
writes Mr. W. T. Thompson. of Townsend,
Broadwater Co., Moutana ‘Words fail to tell
bow thankful I am for the relief, as I had suf-
fered so much and it seemed that the doctors
could do me no good. I got down in weight to
126 pounds and was not able to work atall Now
I weigh nearly 160 and can do a dav's work
on the farm. I have reconimendet your meut
cine to several, and shall always have a good
word to say for Dr Pierce and his medicines.”

Dr, Pierce's Pleasant Pellets invigor-
ate the stomach, liver and bowels, Use
them with the “ Discovery’? when a pill
we required,

  

SSS esses sss

yad been at work toeffert |

Articles in Stlver ftlartele made by THE
GORHAM COMPANY,
signed and wrought by spectally trained artisans,
and appeal to those who appreciate a high sense of
beauty in articles of utility. Each prece ts a distinct

Sedversmitis, ave de-

 
   
 

creation representing orginal thought and artistic

handicraft.

    
 
  

Stlver MHartele ts a venatssance of old

methods in the designing and making of stlverware
adopted by THE GORHAM COMPANY several
years ago. While the great success of these articles
of the silversmith's craft has led others to apply the
term “Martelé” to ordinary silverware, patrons
should know that such productions are not correctly
so termed.

       
   
   
     
 
 
  

  

Silver Fiartelé, as represented by the pro-
ducts made by THE GORHAM COMPANY, has

received the endorsement of art lovers everywhere,
These pieces make the handsomest and most distin-

 
   
   
 

guished Wedding Presents.

 
 

 

FUNERA L oF LIEUT, AND MRS. GREENE ll A M | LION "A LU MNI DIN EK,

Gov, Boosevelt and His Staff and Officers
of the x Militin Attend,

 

SECRETARY ROOT
AND

MAKES A SPEEOH

Scurnectapy, N. @.. Jan. 11.—The double GEIS MANY CHEERS,

funeral of Lieut. and Mrs. 8. Dana Greene was

held this afternoon at 1 o'clock, in St. George's

Episcopal Church. Previous to this a short

service of prayer was held at the (ireene

house, where the remains reposed side by |
side in cedar caskets, covered with black

broadcloth, and were viewed by friends, the

caskets almost buried from view jn banks of

flowers and floral piecas, From the house to

the church the remains were escorted by |
Company FB, Second New York Infantry, and

a detachment of the First Naval Battalion

Great Opportunities, He Says, for College
Men tin the New Era Now Opening for
This Country President) Stryker Pate
Hamilton Above Thomas Jefferson,

 

The New York Association of Hamilton Cole
lege Alunini held its annual dinner lastnight,
and observed the 143d anniversary of the birth
of Alexander Hamilton, at theeHotel Savoy,
Perhaps 200 of the craduates of Hamilton
attended the dinner which, tn point of euthusie
asm and expressions of loyalty tothe “Modera

  

The Rt. Rev, Willlam Croawell Doane, Bishop | Home of Oratory,” was the most suceessfnl
of the Diocese of Albany, andthe Rev. J. P. B. | banquet the association has held in years, The
Pendleton, rector of St. George's, conducted | dinner was served in the large banquet hall of
the service. The church was crowded and the | i! 8 noi land 7 courses Were interspersed

; : out } Ly the singing of college songs,
etre: ts were thronged. All stores, shops and John Newton Beach of the class of 1851
fuctories were shut down out of respect tothe | presided, Sitting at his right, at_ the
memory of Lieut. and Mrs, Greene, both of speaker's table, was the Hon, Elihu) Root,
whom were highly @steemad and wreatly hee | Secretary of War At the left of the
loved. Flagson the city buildings weradis- | presiding officer” sat John A. Taylor
played at half mast, of Brooklyn Next to Secretary Root sut the

Gov, Roosevelt and these members of hig | Rey. Dr. M, Woolsey Stryker, President of
stall attended the funeral: Adjutant-General | Hamilton, The others at the speakers’
Hoffman, Major Wadsworth, Col. George ©, | table were: Edward Lawrence Stevens, Bore

| rough Superintendent.of Schools for Queensgy
} the Rev, Dr. Anthony H. Evans, pastor of the
| Weat Presthyterian Church; Charles A, Gardie
fner, Dro John P. Munn, George M._Diven,
| Theodore M. Pomeroy and Cnaries A. Hawley,
Shortly Alter the dinner began, Mr. Beach arose
and sai
“Inasmuch as Seeretary Root has another
engageinentto attend the annual meeting of
the Union League Club, of which he {9 the

‘Treadwell, Capts, Wiiiam Littauer, P) Norton
Goddard and James M, Andrews, and Lieuts,
Treadwell, Mather and Prentice. Capt J. W,
Millor, Lieutenant-Commmanders A,B. Fry and
J.C, Aear, Lieuts: Andrews, Barnard, Craven,
Lish and Townsend, Surgeons Forbes and Me-
Gowan and Paymaster Hardington were with
the detachment of the Naval Militia. Capt
Saterlee and Lieuta, Brown, Dimimock, Siayton
and Sloan, former naval officers, were also in

attendance. Many gentlemen prominent in | President, he finds it peceesty? to
the electrical world were present eave our board now, He could not
The procession from the church tothe train | think of*going away from. & Hamilton

First came the mounted police, | dinner without saying @ word to us, and
therefore, I have the distinguished pleasure of
‘resenting to you, gentlemen, the Secretary of
Var, of the class of 4."

As Mr. Root arose every man at the table
umped up, waved his napkin and cheered,
ora momentthe cheers were just plain, ore
dinary everyeday cheers, but then some one
called for the college cheer, and the college
yell was given timeand again with the name

was large.
followed by asquad of policemen on foot, A
martial band, the local military and the naval
battalion came next. Then came !n turn the |
two hearses, with the bearers, Gov. Roosevelt |
and staff and mournera and friends in car-~
riages. The remains were taken to Bristol,
RK. 1, for interment,

 

OBITUARY, of the Secretary of War on tho
— end of {t, All during the cheering Root
John Henry Lester, a noted inventor and machin yy bye A ” e oie one ye % his face,
“ee en ; After about five or six minutes Mr, hoot gota

ist, died on Wednesday, at his home, 451 Gates chance to make himself heard and said:
avenue, Brooklyn, in his eighty-tifth year. He “Having left the ranks of the speeche
was born in Montville, Conn., and settled in pene and got a to help shoe, who
wee ‘ . en © : do things, @ speech trom me will not,
Brooklyn when be was 20 years old. His sewing | of course, be expected here to-night.
machioe inventions and his invention of a wood | Put although my work is now to
planing machine brought him in a large income, | help, in a modest wa men to

 

y,
do things-to do things in the Philippines, in
Cuba, and in other parte of the world, I woul
be lacking, indeed, in all senses of loyalty tf
failed to embrace this opportunity to testify to
my love, to my devotion, to my gratitude and

and he bought considerable real estate in Brook-
lyn. He was engaged in business in Richmond,
when the Civil War broke out, and his plant
was purel (lo by the Confederate Government.
He was arresied in Washiugton while on his way

 

  

Lurope as purchasing agent for the Confed- | to my honor for our common mother, [Ape

) erace Government and was senienced to ten years’ | plause
imprisonment. He was pardoned by President “thnt, zentiemen, a great new era fs opening
Lineoln after serving twenty months. His suit} before us-an ern when men will be
against the Government for the loss of his prop } needed, men whose brains hava been
erty dragged through the courts for twenty | trained and. trainad carefully in the
years anc was finally dismissed ona technicality | American college. There is a duty and

President Halfen tele. |

by Judge Wallace. “He was the inventor of and | am opportunity. stretched before eduented
the first co adopt the use of glass boriles for de | men to-day, such 48 has not before been offered
livery of milk. Until two years ago he was en. | in yourtimeormine, It should be the busle
gaged in the lubricating of ness of the college to educate its atudenta pre«

  

 

=>

business in Malden

lane. A-son and a daughter swivive him paratory 5? fuifliling ne Coty, andte make the
Henry T. Jenkins, a member of the firm of | Mostof this opportunity, ln this work Hamile
Nices & Jenkins. which suceceded the firm of | ton College will ever be, as It always has been,

In the van.”

As the secretary left the banquet hall the
eheering was renewed and the echoes of tha
| Hamilton yell were heard in the corridoraseven

Peabody @ Riggs, died at his home, 440 West
Vilty-second street, on Wednesday, aged AO years. |
At the age of 19 he became foreign buyer for cry

    
  

 

  

 

core ae oer cee rs or after the distinguished guest had left the
When Mr. Peabody retired be a partner er dive wma Was the sens
a ee eet eo Wagone of Wieorgasizers |“ “ophe Constitution undar which we live was
And later became connected Wide the Waly | Hamiiton’a enild, | As Webster was the ex
ye : \ . \larm Company. For te te Soein j pounder, | s¢ Hamilton was the father of the
Au ir if : r Pars | Constitution have often heard men
he was a member of the Cliuurch of the Incarnation magnify Jefferson by disparagit He

and for many years identified with the Seamen's | HT Po ne The fact A that they hoae
Mission He leaves a widow, two sons and three | ¢ get Hamilton in order to see Jefferson ‘Tt
daughters isthe spiritof Hamilton who spoke through

w t
Alexander Williams, @ bookseller in) Boston | Jefferson in

his reply to Hayne, It was the
for half a century, died at his home there yester- | <pirit Hamilton which spoke through
day in his eighty second year He kent the | the thunders of Granta guns from the
“Old Corner Bookstore” for many years in Boston | Wilderness to Appomattox It was

and on his retirement in 1888 was the senior in
the book trade in that city, He introduced and

the apirit of Ifamilt
Grover Cleveland, whl

through the volee of
sent Federal troops

n

  
  

developed the periodical business in New England | to put dow en-e and anarchy dn the
and brought out the first American edition of | riots at Chieago, ‘nd when J think
Shakespeare's works with full-page plates He] that that shabby tomb in Trinity echurehe
also published many pamphlets and volumes | yard ts the only monument erected

that are highly prized by collectors.

Deputy Sheriff James Carraher, who had heen
connected with the Sheriff's office for twenty-five
years, died on Wednesday at his residence, 6 At of
torney_ street, of pneumonia, He was taken | ble |
Jan. 2. Mr Carraber wes born and brought Th other rponkers were John A. Taylor of

e old Seventh ward and was a figure in | Brooklyn, the Nev, Donald Sage Mackaye,
local politics. He leaves five children, the oldest | Superintendent Stevens, Theodore M. Pomeroy
about fifteen The funeral will be on Saturday | and Charles A, Hawley, The offleora of tha

to Hamilton by the people of this State, I am
giadto realize that his real monument ts a
tomb supported Ly forty-five pillars, the States

this Union, and canopied by heaven's

   

 

 

morning at St. Mary's Church, Grand and Ridge {| @S8oclation elncted for the ensuing year werat
streets ' President, Join TH. Hausen, 13; Viee-Presie
dents, George Sesmour Hastings, ’'57, Henry

John Benton Goodrich, a well-known lawyer | ilirper Tenediet, (0, Charles” Alexander
af Boston, died yesterday, aged 73. He wae the | Gardiner, ‘SO, Chester 8. Lord, "71: Core
descendant of William Goodrich, one of the colo responding Secretary, Dr. A, jorton
nists that settled Watertown in 1684, and an an Brockway, 7: heeording Secretary
cestor served in the Provincial Congress and lead | Prd. Conger Bryan, '$4; Treasurer, James s°
a company at Bunker Hill Mr. Goodrich grad. | Greves, "01 rxecutive Committee Dr.
uated from Dartmouth in 1887, and was admitted | Walter Bo Winchell, 80; the Rev, De

tothe bar two years later James H Hoadley, ‘70:

Warren Hig
,

     

WD: ty ro» vee 4
Dr. Elizabeth J. French, widely known for per | ley. 23 Piw ny Bo Root, '83; Hamilton
work in the mecical and therapeutic uses of ef | i; mpkir mm Norman 1 Marah, HF Samual
tricity and electro-cranial diagnosis, died in Boasts A‘ 8, hi oma W. Fiteh, uu; Chaune
terday afternoon. She was born in Mechan eey 8, Tranx, 75; John Newton Beach, SL.
urg, Pa. in 1821 She was the daughter of a | seein s
P’ viedan She practised in New Yor} nd | Bishop Whitaker to Visit Cuba.
‘hiladelphia for many years She lectured ex
tensively on temperance. Prinapenpnra, Jan. 11.—Rt. Rev. 0. W,
zr mother of Isaac L. Rice, | Whitaker, Bishopof the Diocese of Pennayle

 
  
 

 

Mayer Rive, :
to whom is cely due che development of electric |
storage bat s and kindred interests in his |
eouncry, of Samuel M. Rice, President of the Dic-
tll rs’ mpany of Amerler 1

vania, will leave here to-morrow foran Episaoe
| pal visitation of Cuba, He will spend a month
on the istand and will be aecompanted by the

 

 

 

and Dr Josepl » 0 re ney ’
ft ee | Yar Ue aves clk te tle ast | Ki y ap Fe wer . the Ge eral Ch ireh ee
ee | ) Missions '
\ esday | hureh in Cubaand make a general report on

Henry C. Howell died in. Morristown, N. Jo.) the
veverlay He was the eldest son of the late
Theedore P Howelland wasthe bead of the leather |
acturing company of T. Po Howell & ¢ |
Poeumoria caused his death He was married

condition of the people

 

 

 

man

old and a widower
John L. Wendell, manager of George HL Free

man's lumbe. plant. died in Glens Falls suddenly
on Wednesday evening, aged 60 years He leaves
a widow and one daughter

Mariani Wine—World Famous Tonic
A mild

sno

timulant, the only one that
Unpeeaeant reaction, and that
produces ho harmful eYects, This {s
alter continued experience

past thirty-five years

Prof, Von Holst Somewhat Improved,
Cricaso, Jan, 11.—Prof, Hormann FE. Von
Holst, the historian and Instructor at the Uni-

nsserted
during: che

 
 

 

 

    

versity of Chicago, will not resume hia work All Drugyists, Reluse Substitutes,
thie winter. Hemay not beable to tike up ac.

tive teaching for some time, owing to his poor

heaith, He hasbeen in acritieal eondition for a. =— 2
several months ¢ what im- 38 3

proved, but there ' of his | c JY THE GENUINE

complete recovery

Why Does Ths Sun

believethat it is especially adapted to do your
advertising ?. Because in all New York thera
is no man Of property, no man of real sub-
stance, no citizen of standing and of honorable
ambition who does uct read Tae SuN.—A

SYRUP GF FIGS

CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CQ
© NOTE THE NAMB

 

 
   

         
     
    

 

 

ywis2

f