THE POISONING OF BARNET

LET JN AS EVIDENCE THAT MOLI-
VEUX POISONKD MRS, ADAMS,

 

 

Chemist Witthaus Tells What He Found in
farnet's Body and Says the Box of
Medicine in His Room Was Half Potson

The Same Polson in the Bottle Sent to
Cornish Mra, Rogers Test.tles About Her
Mother's Death-Cross-Kxamined About
Her Private Letter-Box and Other Things,

Itseomet tobe @ question again yesterday
whether Roland Ik. Molineux, aceused of the
murder of Mra Katherine J, Adams, was on
trial for that murder, or for the murder of
Henry ©. Barpet, By the same process of
reasoning adopted by the Recorder a week ago,
when he, while declaring that a man could not
be tried for two crimes at once, let in every.
thing that Mr. Osborne wanted to putin about
Barnet s death, he permitted yesterday the da-
tala of the analysis made of portions of Bars
nets body andthe analysis made of the box of
powder found in Barnet’s room to be testified
to, and several hours were devoted to that tes-
timony. Whoever dosed the powder that was
found in Barnet’s room made a good job of it,
for it was almost half cyanide of mercury,
That was aniuch larger proportion than was
contained [a the bromo-seltzer that was sent
througl the mails to Cornish, a dose of which
killed Mrs. Adams. Prof. Witthaus made the
analysis in both cases, The evidence of the
professor did not seem to affect young Moli-
neux agreat deal, anda large part of the day
he did oot even listen to what was going on,

The tirst witness of the morning session was
Wo) iam \. Maguire who used to be a stenog-
rapher inthe office of the counsel for the de-
fonee, Inthe early days of the case Mr, Weeks
jadan interview with Detective MeCafferty.
This stenographer took down notes of that in-
tersiow Tle testifled to this in court, where.
upon Mr. Osborne turned to Mr. Weeks and
served formal notice on him = to produce trans
seripts of the notes, What his object in doing
this was he did not say, nor did he tell the aub-
stance of the interview. Lawyer Weeks smiled
at the demand.

MES KOGERS DESCRIBES HER MOTHER'S DEATH,

Mrs. Florence E. Rogers, the daughter of Mrs,
Adams, was the next witness. Mrs. Rogers is
etilayoung woman, She is rather good look-
ing, hasabright emile, and is good natured

 

  

butis inclined to be snappy if things don't
gojustright. She has black eyes and black
haiy, She wore a tailor-made black gown.
The jacket of the suit opened like a man’s coat
and a four-in-hand necktie showed at the
throat, Mrs. Rogers testified that she had
heen married fourteen years, and that the

Adams household at the time of Mra. Adams
death consisted of herself, her brother, How-

ard Adams. her mother and Harry 8. Cornish.
She told where she had lived in New York eity
with her mother, and then in detail of
the jents immediately connected with
the death of Mra. Adama at the house
#1 West Kighty-sixth street. When she
wet up the morning of that day she

went directly from herroom tothe dining room.
Her mother was there with atowel around her
head. Her mother said she had a very bad
heatache and asked if there was not some-
thing in the house to take. Mrs. Rogers re-
plied that there was not. Her mother said that
she had been upan hourand a half; that she
had waked up with a headache, and that it had
been getting worse all the time

“LT just happened to think of the bromo-selt-
gerthat Mr. Cornish had brought home the
night before,” went on Mrs. Rogers. She said
she spoke to her mother about it and her
mother aaked her to get it, first asking if she
thought it would do any good. “I told her.”
said Mrs. Rogers, “that I didn't know whether
it wouldornot. That I did know that the stuff
was used fora headache and that it wouldn't
do any harm, anyway.” Then she went to
Cornish’s room and asked him for the bromo-
seltzer. He opened the door and handed it out
toher, She returned tothe dining room and
tried to open it, but could not do so beeause
she had uo corkserew. She called to Cornish
then to come and upenit, and he came outof the
room immediately. She left the room and
went intothe bathroom, Three or four min-
utes later she says her mother came to tha
bathroom, gagging and retching, She did
not think that there was anything wrong

with her mother beyond a sick stomach,
and she told her to mak less noise,
that the people in the honse would

hear her. Her mother atood over the basin in
the room, as she herself went out for soine-
thing. She returned to the room almost im-
mediately, Her mother was still standing at
the basin. She was verypale. As Mrs. Rogers
Went into the room her mother turned and
held out both hands to her. The next moment
ehe fel! on the floor. Mrs. Rogers tried to litt
her, but could not doit. She called toCornish
and she and Cornish tried to lift her; but they
had to call to Mr. Hovey before they could get
her mother up and out in the dining room,
where they laid heron the sofa. Mrs. Rogera
said that she thought her mother waa only ina
faint and she tried what simple remedies she
knew to_revive her. None of them did any
good and then the doctor was sent for. She
aided Dr. Hitchcock in his efforts to bring her
mother back to consciousness, but ther were
unsuccessful. Then Dr. Potter was sent for,
When De, Potter came in he said that he could
do nothing, and a few minutes later Mra,
Adams died,

CROSS-EXAMINATION OF MRS, ROGERS,

(in her cross-examination, Mrs. Rogers told
oft e coming home of Cornish with the bottle-
holderand the bottle of poisoned medicine,
She said he brought them home at the request
of herselfand her mother, he having told her
on Christmas that some one had sent him the
Present through the mail, Cornish kept the
bottle of bromo-seltzer and gave the sil er bottle
holder to her. She putit on her bureau. Cor-
nish also showed the address on the package
toher and they talked about it beingin a dis-

vised hand, Mrs. Rogers remarked that she
id nevertaken bromo-seltzer herself

Is it not a fact,” demanded Mr. Weeka,
that you have purchased bromo-selizer sev-
eral tines at a drug store near the house
Where you lived in Madison avenue?”
It is nota fact,’ said Mrs, Rogers, “I have
never purchased a bottle of bromo-seltzer in my

le

  

 

\t the Coroner's inquest Cornish testified in
effect that he was in his pajamas when he camo

out to open the bromo-seltzer bottle, On this

trial be testiled that he was fully dressed,
rs. Logers -wore that be was fully dressed,
). Mrs. Koxera, was your husband living

With you at Lit West Fighty-fourth street? A,
My busband andi had separated, I think In
the summerof ‘47. Tthink it was August,

Q How soon after the separation did you go
© fada reom for Cornish in West Etghty-
fourth street? A. Notatall, I never went to

t

Get a room for Mr. Corniah,
Jv) Where wore you living when you separ.
ated’ A. I was living in Eighty-sixth street.

HER PRIVATE LETTER BOX,

. Priovtothat time did you have a private

lette box In Columbus avenue? A. Yes; on
the wivive of cou, sel [hada private letter box,
* And you were known there as Miss Addi-«

80n, Were you not? A. Yes, sir
t Y. Did you not have that. private letter box
OF Hearly thres years? A, No, [do not think

us You rented that box from aman named
Urdocks A, [think that was his name,

). Do you know that was the same man who
fervel newspapers to Cornish? A, 1 know
hothine about Mr, Cornish's papers,

Dropp ug the subject of the private letter box
Ora whie, Me Weeks wanted to know of Mra,

oeers Whether there had not been trouble in
her flat when she lived at the Adelaide, and
Whethe rshe had not left that flat because the
lord refused to renew the lease, Mrs.
SWas \ery positive that that was not
She sald the only trouble that she knew
Inthe flat Was between Cornish and @ man
ated Minturn who lived on one of the lower

  

 

“ss Nhy did vou leave the flat? A. T left it
‘ase Teouldn't afford to remain there
sis met a fact that just before the Ist

 

 

 

 

 

' i seniber, TSUN, you were notified that vou
ae emain any longer’ A. No, sir, itis
“aac
Q. TI ‘rouble with the man downstairs was
hecaus ‘lot of noise in your fla’? A. Yes;
‘ ame about one night when Mr. Cornish had
eee y OF nds there [t was alleged there
40 Of noise there, that’s all
Mi, MINSYRE AND THE WITNESS,
‘ iM ks took upthe connection of Assist-
e vow Attorney John P. MeIntyre with
a) ve _MeIntyre was Mrs, Rogers's counsel
svat ib the separation papers between
tah a Husband. Mrs, We Bere said it was
he dee 7 rst mentioned MeIntyre’s name
ou ‘ thurder
Me
Ad, at McIntyre had called on you atthe
Sharenn vt he nor? A. Tbelleve he called
OOH ey hes once or twiee
Sitth strecg ,) ./ at Che apartments in Elgnty-

the time of Mrs. Adams’s
hink he had,
i spend the summer of 18V7?

feath? 4 lan'¢
’ Where diy" e

In New Yo
How freanent} ,
Melntyrn ny lilently have pou talked with Mr,
A. About ov.uit the death of your mother?
Bess. 'y time Thave seen him since, I

& When did you last see him and talk with

SUE REEEERIeepeeemeeeemeeeeeeneeense eee

; away

him about it?

 

 

. Well, th t
was a couple of vn neo, if a“ ay gr ie
twenty minutes and I don't think we talked

much about it.
Q. Where did you sea him? A. At my stop.
ping Rlace. a hotel in New York elty,
» What hotel? A. T don't care to say,

Why? A. I don't care to be seon by news.
aber people, and Idon't like to be stared at
y the crowd
Y Do you know the Fin Inn tn Hartford?

A. [know the Elm Inn just outside of Hart

ord,
Q. Were you ever there with the Hoveys
and Mr, McIntyre? A. Yes, afr.
How long did youremain? A, A couple of
hours, I think

QY. Did that visit of Mr. MeIntyre to you have
any connection with this case? A, None at all

Q. Where had you met Mr, MeIntyre?
met him at the Hoveys’ in Hartford

,W. Were you stopping with the Hoveys? A,
Yeu, sir.

Q. How many times have vou seen Mr. MeIn-
tyre in Hartford’ A, Very few times

When did you last see him there? A, Last

summer,

ie Was Cornish there on any oceasion? A, No,
sir,

\. Were you at the Elm Inn on more than
one occasion with Mr, McIntyre? A. No, sir.

Q. Now, Mrs. Rogers, did you ever see an
article of silverware like the bottleholder be-
fore? A. No, air.

Q. Didn't you see one in Hartford? A, No,

sir,

Mr. Weeks then took up the arquaintanee-
ship between Cornish and the Kowers family,
and tried to show that Mrs. Rogers had given
testimony at the Coroner’s inquest not in ne-
cord with the teatimony that she gave at this
trial, Mrs. Rogers explained that at the Coro-
ner's inquest Mr, Osborne had made her angry
and she had testified about her acquaintance-
ship with Cornish’s father Ina way that needed
explanation. The explanation was that she
was angry when she testified,

On her redirect examination, Mr. Osborne
asked her if it wasn’t true that she was right
in the trouble between her husband and hers
self and if he had not been paying her $5u
a month since their separation,

Mr, Weeks objected to the question and the
Recorder said, “Why, Mr. Weeks, vou don't
dispute that in such a case a wonan is always
right, do you?’ Mrs. Rowers said that Mr, Os-
borne’s statement was correct, and then she
explained further about the private letter box,
She sald that she was getting information
pbout her husband: that her husband hada

abit of opening her letters, and on the advice
of her counse! she got the box. The man who
was getting the information for her was a de-
tective named MeCann, Mr. Weeks asked her
{f her counsel! did not have an office where she
could have received letters, She replied that
ne oid, and then she was permitted to leave the
etand.,

DIDN'T 8ELL CYANIDE TO MOLINEUX.

The next witness was Charles E. Trommer, a
travelling salesman. One of the admitted let-
ters in the case, written by Molineux, asks an
enamel! house to send a represeutative to Mol-
{neux to get. an order for enamels. It isthe
contention of the prosecution that Molineux
was experimenting in the matter of making
enamels, and that in the course of this expert-
ment he made cyanide of mercury,

Trommer testified that he had called on Mol-
ineux, and that Molineux had given him a list
of things he wanted and asked him to inake a
pree. On cross-examination, Trommer said
t at Molineux had sa d nothing to hini about
evyanide of mereury or any other cyanide

Trommer’s firm did not have anv cyanide of |

mereury, and he didn't sell anv to Wolinenx
He added that he had never heard of Molineux
from the day he called on him to the day of bis
arrest: that Molineux had not purchased any-

thing trom him.
POIKON DR, WITTHAUS FOUND IN BARNET'S BODY,

Andthen came Dr. Witthaus, Dr. Witthaus
teatifledthat he as achemist and toxicolowist
anda eacher, He saidthathe was a prof ssor

   

A. T|

fn Corne | University and in the University of |

novt. He menti ned famous cases in
which he had testified. Among them was the
Carlyle Harris case, the case of Dr. Buchanan,
the Fleming ase, ad the Meyer case He
had made an analysi of the contents of a box
ofp wder said to have been found in Barnet's
room, Then followed a repetition of the tent

 

 

between the pr secution and the defense that |
oecupied hal asessi na week ago when the ,

Recorder letin all the Barnet evidence, This
fl@ht was just as flercely contested, and the
Recorder sided with the prosecution

Dr. Witthaua’s test mony was of very great
interest, Pe deseribed in detail ail the pro-
cesses that he had used to accomplish the res
sults he testifiedto, The result of the three
analyses of the contents of the box showed the
eontents to be in one case 48.88 per cent,
eyanite of mercury, in another 4.84 percent,
andin the third 47.1s percent, Altogether, he
found 122.73 grains of evanide of mercury out
of atotal ofthe contents of 281.35 grains Thea
fugredients outside of the eyanide of mercury
Were those to be found in the patent medicing
with which the cyanide was mixed.

Dr. Witthaus testifled that he attended the
autopsy on the bodv of H.C. Barnett and took
from the autopsy the intestines, the
liver, brain, stomach, heart and kidneys, In
the liver be found merenry calculated as a
cyanide to the amount of 38 of a grain
process, and .4ofagrain by another process
So he testifled that he found, all t
4 ofa grainof mercury in the organ. In
kidneys he found .13. of a @rain,
all the other organs, but got no traces of the
poison, Altogether, he said, he discovere!t in
the parts of the body of Barnet that he took 7
ofagrainof mercury. He discovered traces of
Prussian blue which indicated the presence of
cyanide, and so he said he felt justified in say-
ing that he actually discovered a smal! quan-
tity of cyanide of nercury; but there was not
enough to enable him to discovertha quantity
of cyanogen,

YY. Could you form an opinion asto whether
or not,assuming that Barnet had taken cyanids
of mercury, tha amount he took was larger
than the arnount vou found? A. If it was taken
as merecurte cyanide, it must have been a much
larger dose,

GETS AT LAST TO THE ADAMS CASF,

It was lata in the afternoon when the Adams
case was reached by Dr. Witthaus, tHe ilen-
tifled the polson bottle. and sald it differed
from & bromo-seltzer bottle in shape and wen-
eral appearance. It was an ordinary blue bet.
tle, such as is used in drog stores,
three analyses of the contents of the borth
and each time gota different result, The tirst

{

 

 

by one |

! portals

} mant

  

THE
FATHER M’GLYNN BURIED,

TWO HUNDRED PRIESTS CHANT THE
OFVICE OF THE DEAD,

 

Thousands of Mev and Women Stand Hours
in the Street Hoping to Gain Entrance
to the Church Mar, Mooney's Eulogy

Single Tasers Hold Memorial Meeting.

Amid the tears of a congregation
crowded St. Stephen's Chureh in Fast Twenty.

Paid to the Rev, Dr. Edward MeGlyun yoster-
day morning and his body was carried out of
the church where he had ministered for more
than twenty years to be interred in Calvary
Comeotery. It is Jong since so great a number
of persons has attended tn this city any funeral
ofa private citizen, and from daybreak thous
sands of men and women, many of them
the dead privst’s old parishioners, stood patient
and shivering in the open etreet in the hope of
culning admission to the services, and when
that hope was disappointed by the word that
no more eould be admitted to the over.
crowded ediflee, they still waited to pay the
tribute ofa bent head or a lifted hat as the
body was carried to the hearse

By 7 o'elock the people began to gather in
frontofthe church where Father MeGlynn's
body had rested during the night. The doors
were not to be opened until #15, but the crowd
had increased so swiftly that po®ce reserves
from several precincts were sent out under
ecommandof Inspector Harley and Capt. De-
Janey, and they lined the sidewalks along
Twenty-cighth street, between Third and Lex-
ington avenues, trying to keepa clear pathway,
Persons having tickets of admission got in the
Twenty-ninth street side and the chureh filled
up While the quiet thousands on the outside
waited and hoped and asked eager, whispered
questions of any one who they thought might
be able to tell them when they could get into
thechurch. Many kinds of people were in that
erowl menin high bats and silk-lined eoats
with the collars turned up around their ears,
and women with faded and tattered shawls
around their shaking shoulders, The majority
of the people were of the laboring classes,
among Whom Father MeGlynn worked so long
and so intimately

With the opening of the doors, the erowd
surged forward, giving the police work for all
hands. It seemed a very short time before the
advance stopped solidly and the information
came back that there was po more room Inside,
Not only was every seat taken, but the rear
isles and passages were solidly packed. The
church was decorated in the solumnity of dead,
black, shrouding the organ loft, galleries and
Ina plain black coffin atthe chancel
rail the dead priest lay in the robes of his
priesthood, with the beretta on his head, and
With stole, chasuble and alb, Near him, rose in
a glory of white bloom aeross of flowers, ana
beside it Was a great floral heart. Both ofthese
bore Gaelic inseriptions, Thore were no other
flowers in the ehurch

Two hundred priests from all over this
‘ose and from many churches outside filed
. preceded by an acolyte bearing a draped
cross, and two others carrying tapers wound
witherape. The priests thrénged the spaces
in front of the allar, Where chairs had been set
forthem. Before the services began many of
those in the church came forward to look once
the face of the dead man. It was
the began. The office
the deal was chanted by the priests in
the sanctuary, let by Father Thomas Mee
Laughlin and Father Thomas F. (Connor,
Lessons were read by Bishop Farley, the Rev
Michael J, Henry of the Mission of Our Lady
ofthe Kosary, and the
ranof Peoksk Low quiem was
colebrated by the Rev. Charles McCready, Mer.
Mooney, Vicar General, delivered the oration,
in the eourse of which he said

“The expressions of regard and regret
both from pen and tongue that have been called
forth by the closing seene at which we are as-
sisting would be ample reason not to obtrude
upon its words of mine, At
least they make extended eulogy superfluous,
The touch this seene is

chance!

 

 

on
when

more
80 services

of

ley

mass of t

solemnity any

ng coincidence that

th ) being enacted inthe hallowed place Where his
a |
He ‘spalpeed |

presengs was forso tong dominating, his in-

fluenee so potent, his words so sweet, makes it
eminently {ttl that Father MeGlynn s mor-
tal remains should pot be borne through its
without a inal, though inadequate

 

 

tribute to his memory Consecrated in’ his
infaney by tho Celtic faith ot a Celtic mother
to God's holy priesthood, he was faithful

 

through the three-score years of his existence
to its supreme claim upon the {deals of his
minod and heart

“Coming back to his. native land with the
the priesthood upon the shoulders of
his stalwart young manhood, he began to vere
ify the predictions of the masters and compaus

  

  

fons of his eollege days in Rome. His zeal and
charity even the early days made him fa-
miliar with every phage of missionary work in

 

the great cityof bis birth, and led him to ful-
fl] even totne Just, every duty of a priest's
Hfe. Having hee a pastor, it was but to
makea fuller ma tion of his great and
varied gifts, but when the splendid gift of ora.

   
 
 

| tory, giided and reflned by culture and expe-

He made |

analysis was of powder scraped from around |

the neck of the bottle That contained
42.15 per cent. of merenuric evanide. The
second analysis Wasa powder taken from the
bottom of the bottle and it showed SO4 per
cent. of merenuric eyanide, The third an-
alysis was ofthe powder after it had been all
thoroughly mixed by the doctor; that showed
17s nercent. These three results indicated,
Dr. Witthaus said, that thore was a larger
proportion of the poison at the top of tha
bottle, and he could not, therefore, estimate
how much there was in the whole bottle, He
was about to testify as to the result of hia
analysis of the s:ulf he found in the glass from
which Mrs. Adams drank, when the queation
was raised asto whether or not what he had
analyzed was actually from that glass,
Recorder said he wished mors teat mony on

The |

that point. and the case adjourned until this |

morning at half past ten. Corntsh and Mrs,
Rogers will both go on the stand to testify
about the glass,

 

COULD NOT LAND AT HONOLULU,

 

The Moana's Passengers Barred Out Be-
cause of the Plague,

San Fraxcrsco, Jan. 11.—The steamship
Moana, from the Orient via Samoa and Hono-
lulu, arrived here to day, and after an inspec
tion by the Federal quarantine officers, was
allowed to dock. The Moana had four cabin
and five steerage passengers bound from Aus-
tralia to Honolulu, Sheintended to dock there

but upon her entrance to the harbor Dr.
Day, the Honolulu quarantine © officer,
boarded the vessel, gave notice of
the plague and ordered the vessel .to

proceed on her way. Dr. Day told tho ship's
officers that eighteen victims of the plague had
died upto that dare, Jan. 5, All the houses iu
Honolulu where the plague victims lived have
been destroyed by fire.

MORE AND MOKE FIRES,

An Increase of 1,154 Last Year—-This Month
n Disastr One.

The anaual report of Fire Marshal Peter
Seerey shows that there were 1,154 more fires
in thie city in IMU than there were in the pre-
vious year. The number for last year was
5,303. Of these twenty-nine were
picious origin, and the Fire Marshal's office
made investigations which led to the arrest of
suspected persons. Five convictions were ob-
tained and two cases are still pending

The number of fires so far this month is

reater by forty-three than for the same period
fast year, In the first eight days of this month
there were 201 fires, attended by a loss of eight
lives,

 

FUGITIVE WOMAN ARRESTED,

Mrs. Zipperer and ® Nun Ran Off With

$2,500 of Mr. Zipperer’s Money,
Cuicago, Jan, 11.—Mrs. Frances Zipperer of
Boyd, Wis. and a woman known 4s “Sister

Fdmondl,”’ recently an inmate of a
convent near Manitowoc, Were arrested
in Evanston this afternoon by Sherif

nn of Manitowoc and taken baek to
yore on @ requisition, Mra. Zipperer's
husband, a iarmer, charges the two women
with the theft of a vertilleate of deposit of
$2,575 which he had left with his wite on Jan,
1 Mra.Zipperer and the Sister, a low days later,
Atthe same time the certificate
It was soon found that it was
Zivperer at a local bank,

PRACTICALLY BRON NO Mask,

es are very much more than favor-
Aten fling your Hotel or Boarding House
with desirable patrons If you place your advere
tising in Tus SUN's columns,—Ady,

left secret, 4
dinappeare:
cashed by Mrs.

you

of sus. |

  

 

rience, made itself felt, it still did not
preclude long and patient) hours in the
drudgery of the  contessionail — or his

faithiul performance of all the duties of
his priestly oi Whenone who haa been so
prominent and so forceful a factor inthe cone
eerns of Catholi: life, one of that chosen priast-

jee

 

hood, has gone ont trom among us, isit anv
wonder that Catholic hearts should be touched
and the wellspriogs of Catholic aympathy
burst forth? When the bond of years is finally

 

ree be griefand sade

snapped there must pe , {
That is why to-day

nese with the breaking.
you erowd this temple in which there {a go
much toremind you of him who is gone; why
you kneel around his bler to whlsner the fer-
vent prayer which Holy Motner Church itself
puts upon your lips, and with which she hag
already s} d him, Pather Edward MeGlynn,
to his heavenly home

“Eternal rest give unto him, oh Lord, and let
perpetual ght shine upon him.”

Archbishop Corrigan then pronounced the
final absolution, while the priests, each hold.
ing @ lighted candle, rose and stood near, the
congregation alao rising As the coffin was
borne ont eonunds of grief could be plainty
heard in the pauses of the music, The enotr
sung “Nearer My God to Thee” and “Lead
Kindly Light.” The bearers were from the
Holy Name Soelety and the Knights of Colum-
bus. There were present in the church a dele-
gation of sixty letter carriers in uniform and
delegations from the Knfghtsof Columbus, the
Anti-Poverty League, the Holy Name Soelety,
the Manhattan Single Tax Club and many
other organizations, As the eoffln wae borne
out a murmur ran through the crowd which
had been steadily increasing and the men un-

 

 

 

 

 

} covered,

The funeral
Thirty-fonrth street ferry to Calvary Cemetery
Where the interment was by the side ofthe
dead priest's brother, George W. MeGlynn,
At thewrave the Rev, Father Colton, pastor of
St. Stephens, made the prayer, The
tns was chanted by Fathers VWeLaughlin and
O'Connor and the Jast prayers were said by
Father MeCready, Many persons went tothe
eem rv onthe trolley cars and the women
remained to bes a spray of flowers from the
floral tr: butes that covered the grave. Among
the religious orders represented atthe funeral

 

 

were the Carmelite, Capuchin, Dominican,
Panlist, Jesuit, Augustinian and Franciscan
fathors

The Manhattan Single Tax Club held a meet.
ing in memory of Dr, MeGlynn in the bg hall
at Cooper Union last night, and inspite of the

heavy rain almost every seatin the place waa |

filled. Many women were present, some of
whom were old parishioners of Dr. MoGlynn
from St. Stephens, who followed him Into the
Anti-Poverty movement

W. D. Cracken, president of the elub, pra.
sidedand the speakers wera Prof. Charles
: ue Smith, Richard FP. George and Henry

sons the late Henry George,

Ducey, Tom lL.  Jotnson and
T. Crosby. Richard F, George, who
in a & ‘ul ptor sail he would) make
an effigy ofthe dead priest and that the work
would be the sweetest of lite. Henry
George spoke of Dr. MeG'lynn as a priest of the
people, and declared that when he died hts
clothing was too poor to give away, that the
eurpeton his study was patched and ragged,
and that the very bed he died in Was too short
to ay his body out straight upon

Mr. Crosby said that the ehurch in) the
funeral services, had set the seal of approval
oy the doctrines of Henry. George, He de-
clared that Dr. MeGlynn bad never reeanted
his doctrines and that the Pope had accepted
their truth when they were explained to him
He spoke of the Pope as “that grand old man.”

“In the face ot excommunieation.” he sald,
“Dr. Medlynn went on doing his duty, saying
that no power could excommunicate him from
the powers of right. In those services to-day
the Churel bas declared he was worthy of
Paradise, [ do not blame the officers of the
Church who acted against htm. Had T been in
the saine position, perhaps [should have done
thesame. Stillyou can't blame us tf we love
some people more than we do others.”

 

 

If You Are Pressed for Timo

“Want” advertisements for THe Sun may be
left at any American District or Postal Tele.
graph Messenger office, Charges the same as
at THe SUN olllco, Ady é

that |

procession went across the |

senadic« |

|

‘

MR. BWANSTROM ON EDUCATION,

 

Ho Tells the Governor That Any of the Bills
at Albany Will Make Matters Worse Here.

The presentation of the bills at Albany which
have as their object a change of the school sya-
tem of this city has drawn out a letter of pro-
test directed to the Governor from J. Ndwards
Swanstrom, a former President of the Brook-
lyn Schoo! Board and for a short time Preal-
dentofthe Board of Education, Mr. Swans

| strom isstilla member of both the Brooklyn
elghth street to the doors the last honors were |

, Governor was sent on Wednesday,

Dr. James T. Cure |

His letter to the
Copies of
it were given out by Mr. Swanstrom yesterday
In his letter he says:

‘The many deficiencies of the public sehcol
organization and administration in the oity of
New York have led toa formidable movement
fora radical improvement of the existing sys-
tem of popular education, Numerous bills de-
signed to accomplish this purpone have re-
cently been brought forward for the purpose of
being introduced in the Legislature, Most of
these appear to be crude and unscientific and
show upon their face that their authors have
but a limited conception of the school needs of
the city of New York. I venture to presiot that
if any of these latter measures are permitted to
becoine a law the effect will be to upset things
worse than they are at present.

“What is needed is legislation which will
place the common schools of the city of New
York under a single, common-sense and
practicable system. If it is in order, I would
suggest the appointment of a spectal educa-
tional commission, to frame a proper and ade-
quate measure for the government and admin-
istration of the public schools of Greater New
York, Such acommission couid consider the
various bills proposed, hold public sessions if
necessary, and invite plans and suggestions
from teachers, school superintendents and
other educational experts, By this means a
mode! system might be evolved, or at leasta

system, which, if not ideal, would nevertheless
have the tudorsement of experienced educa-
tors, tmergency legislation may perhaps be
necessary to remedy the more erying evils of
the preseut system, but in order to prevent a
recurrences of these evils, and to confer a last-
{ng benefit upon the schools, a modern, scien
tiflvally ordered system, constructed upon per-
manent lines, should be established under the
guliance of strong, wise and conservative
nen.”

Alter pointing out the lack of harmony be-
tween the different boards, and other defects,
Mr. Swanstrom complains of the treatment ac-
eorded to the school offletals by other city aus
thoritles. In one place he says:

“The other day the spectacle was presented
by one of the elty officials invading with @
prosed foree the Department of Education (a
ranch of the State) for the purpose of seizing
the books of that department. Strange as it
may seem, the schoo! authorities stood su-
pinely by watehing this flagrant infraction of
their rights without @ word of protest, appar-
ently not knowing what thelr rights in the
premises were, or, if they knew, uot daring to
maintain them

Mr. Swanstrom closes his letter with an ap-

peal to the Governor to aid in changing the
mnethod of appotntment. He says that ap-
ointinents, although nominally made by the
Mayor now, are in reality traceable to political
inachines, He advises against a paid commis-
ston, aud suggests that possibly the appointive
power might be lodged inthe Appellate Divis-
ion ofthe Supreme Court, or with the Chan-
cellor of the University to be appointed under
the new unification scheme

Comptroller Coler upon his return from Al-
hany, where he went to urge the passage of his
bill to settle the salary muddle, said yesterday
that the prospects were that the measure
would be put through immediately and that
there would be practically no opposition to his
plan,

board and the central board,

 

MORLE'S ACCOUNTS CHALLENGED,

United States District Attorney Says That
He Retatned Naturalization Fees,
United States Distriet Attorney George 11
Pettit of Brooklyn sald last night that
he had begun an {nvestigation of the
neecounts of Major Richard P. Morle, chief
clerk of the United States District Court,
with reference to the fees received for
naturalization certifleates, Major Morle
is also one of the United States Commissioners
for the Fastern District of New York. Congress
passed alaw in March, 18, providing that all

clerks of courts in the United States
should pay over at the times and
the manner preserlbed by law all fees

{and emoluments, including fees for naturallza-

tion papers, after the amounts of compensa.
tlon. they were entitled to had been deducted
On March | last Judge Thomas designated Ma-
Jor Morleas aspecial commissioner forthe pur-

se of attending to naturalization cases. Mr
| ettit says that Major Mor'e received $2.50 for
each naturalization certifieate granted, and
that of this amount he retained $1.15 as his
own fee, the balance being turned over tothe
Government in total figures, so that the Gov-

l ernment inspectors were unable to know how

 

many certificates had been issued or how the

 

fees were divided
Mr. Pettit said that Major Morle admit ed
that 3.035 persons were naturalized between

 

 

Janu, Land \ug. §, 188), and at $2.50 each this
would made a total of $9,08°50 Of this
amount the District Attorney says Major Moris
retained as his own emolument, $4177.15,
and turned over to. the Government
M4,004.55.  Thia, Mr. Pettit: says, was in vio-
lation of the law, a8 according to the Revised
Statutes Maj, Morle was not entitled to extra
mmpensation

“TL feel that there is room for an investiga-
tion,” Mr. Pettit said jast night, but Major
Morle saya that his retention of the fees fa a
private inatter,

Major Morle was indignant when he heard
what the Distriet Attorney had said. “He is
mak/nug the charges.” egald Major Morle. “He
will have to prove them aud he will have an
opportunity to do so.”

HAD THE LAUGH ON

 
 

COP HESS.

But It Didn't Last Long—Got Out of One
Scrape and Into Another,

Commissioner Hess left the judgment seat
while trying “cases” yesterday, and turned
witness against Broadway Policeman Pantzer,
whom he had seen talking for fifteen minutesa
long way off his post. The Commissioner “held
the watch” on him the while, Pantzer listened
unmoved to the recital of hia conduct and then
remarked that it was his dinner hour and he
was on his own time, His roundsman admitted

that this was so, and Mr. Hoss returned to his
seat crestfatlen. But Pantzer laughed too early,

| Before the amile had left his face, the rounds.

man had him upoo acharge of being off post
nearly three hours that very afternoon, and,
despite Pantzer’s excuses, the fact was fastened
upoo him, This time it waa Pantzer'’s turn to
look crestfalien. Mr. Hess will be his judge,

Patrolman James Doyle of the Central Park
aquad pleaded guilty to the charge of breaking
in the door of the house at 15 Weat Ninety-
eighth street and was finea ten days’ pay. He
justified himaelf by saying that he was seeking
evidence againat his wife and was acting under
legal advice, Mr. Hesatold the owner of the
broken door that he could recover the value of
it at civil suit,

BIG DRY DOCK LEAKING AGAIN,

 

Not Believed, However, to Bein a Serious
Condition,

Timber dry dock No, 3, the newest and big-
gest one In the Navy Yard in Brooklyn. it is
said, hag begun to show signs of weakness,
Earth at the sides 16 sinking and sand
ond water are making their way between
the timbers, into the basin. The dry
dock haa never been in a_ perfect con-
dition. Noneoft the officialaat the Navy Yard
will say that the dry dock is in a serious condi.
tion. The battleship Massachusetts is to be
floated into it next Monday.

 

Interlineations In Frederick A, Schroeder's
Will,

When the will of former Mayor Frederick A,
Schroeder of Brooklyn was filed it was discoy-
ered that ho had made & number of interlinea-
tions with lead pencil, Frank D. Arguimbau,a
son-in-law, and a@ witness tothe executlon of
the will, presented au affidavit that the inter-
lineations were made subsequent to the time
Mr. Sehroeder had signed the document, Mr.
Arguimbau avers that he believes the changes
were caused by the death of the testator's
danghter, Mrs. Mary J. Anderaon, three weeks
before the death of the teatator, The will was
aimitted to probate by Surrogate Abbott in
Brooklyn yesterday without the interlinea-

ions,

Mazet Report Not Finished,

Chairman Mazet of the Assembly Investigat-
ing Committee said yesterday that the com-
mittee’s report was not finished, and that it
would be discussed ata meeting of the com-
niittes to be held on Saturday at his offices. I[t
may be made to the Assembly on Monday
night, but this ts not at all certain, Some
changes are being made inthe draft now, and
others will be suggested on Saturday,

BOARD AND ACCOMMODATION AS AT
HOME
Is difficult to find ina large city. Such piages.
2

though, are to be foun j
Wearade ° advertised { HB

SUN, FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1900.

SS Sil SSS SSeS SSS

in |

STERN REBUKE TO A JURY,

1T SIMPLY WOULD Nor CONVICT IN
A CLEAR EXCISE CASE.

Probably Thinking “There Are Others’’
—Judge Cowing Orders the Whole Panel |
Discharged—Juror Who says the Court
Insulted the Jury Forcibly Silenced,

Judge Cowing's rebuke toa jury in the Gen-
6ral Sessions for acquitting a defendant yes-
terday when the evidence warranted #® con-
viction prompted a juror to rise in his seat and
sav: “Judge, I think you have insulted us all.”
Tho juryman was forcibly made to take his
seat,

The defendant was Samuel Semachowitz a
saloonkeeper of 60 Delancey street. He is one
ofa number of saloonkeepers indioted for vio-
lating the Excise law who have been tried
lately and almost uniform|y acquitted. VPolice-
men had testified that twenty-three men and
women were in Semachow!tz’s saloon on Sun-
day afternoon, Sept, 10, 1898, sitting around
tables drinking beer andother liquors. Volice-
man Higgins teatified that he tasted the con-
tentsofone of a trayful of glasses Semacho-
witz carried, that there was beer in the glass,
ond that he saw the beer delivered to a custom-
er and paid for. The defendant admitted
that he had nota hotel license and offered no
evidence in rebuttal, but the jury without
leaving the jury-box rendered a verdict of not
guilty. Judge Cowing turned to the Assistant
District Attorney and said:

“Mr. District Attorney. I want to stop right
here. There is no ure trying these cases with
this kind of jury, This was as clear a case of
guilt as Wasevertried in a court. There was
hot any more question of the defendant's being

uilty than there isofmy sitting in this chair

tis a farce to bring these cases before us and
it is making a farce of criminal justice. There-
fore T see no use in trying any more of these
excise cases before this panel of jurors. You
had better get another pane! of jurors. See if
youcan get a panel in the connty of New York
tosuy that a man_is guilty wheo proven so,
Letit be put upon the record that the reason
the Court refuses to proceed before this panel
of jurors with these cases is that a case has
been tried here this morning without eontra
diction inthe evidence which clearly estab-
lished the defendant's guilt on clearly con-
cede] evidence that the defendant violated the
law, and yet the jury acquitted.”

The prisoner's counsel interposed to aay
that the credibility of the police was ques.
tioned

“Have you any doubt that the defendant {s
guilty?” asked Judge Cowing

“T have,” responded the lawyer,

Well, [have not,” said Judge Cowing

Here Juror Julius Rosenfeldt rose from hts
seat and sald:

“Judue, [think you have insulted all of ua.” |

Mr. Juryman, take seat,’ said the
Judge sharply. “I don't want to hear anything |
from you,”

The juryman sat down and got up again as if
to remonstrate, but acourt oMeer forced him
to take hisseat. As there were none but ex.
cise cases on yesterday's calendar Judge
Cowing adjourned court for al! day,

 

your

MILITARY MEN FAIL TO PASS,

Col. Hendrie and Other Officers of Connectl-
cut'’s Guard Not Up to the Standard,

Brincerort, Conn, Jan, 11.—The order
of Adjt.-Gem, Van Keuren issued yesterday
giving the result of the recent examinations
of the officers of the National Guard of the
State for commissions has made a sensation in
military circles, Mililary men say it Is a
shake-up such as has not occurred before
for many years. It is very evident that the

 

standard of the National Guard in this
State is to be raised as regards the fleld |
and ataff officers, with the hope of thus

increasing¢he efficiency of the entire organi- |
zation. The examining board consisted of
Brig.-Gen. Russel! Frost. commanding the
State brigade: Col. William retired;
Major Gilbert_L, Fiteh, Fourth Kegiment, and
Commander Fdwin W. Raynolda of the Naval
Battalion. In the Fourth Regiment Col, Charles |
W. Hendrie of Stamford tailed to niss. Three
majors in the brigade also falled—Major Henry
S& Dorsey and Major William H. Hamilton of
the Third Regiment and Major William
Houlfhan of the Pourth. Col, Hendrie and
Major Dorsey and Major Hamilton are reeom.
mended tor another examination to be held on
Jan, 25, but Major Houlthan of this city is dis-
charged from the military service of the State.
Halfa dozen other regimental and naval bat-
talion officers failed to pass, but mostof them |
have been recommended for re}xaminati

Col. Hendrie ia the senior Colonel «
brigade, but the order of the Adjutant-General,
it ts said_in military cireles, takes away his
chanees of ever becoming the commander of
the State brigade.

DUMPED REFUSE IN THE CHANNEI,

Conviction of Tugboatman and Scowman
Lieut, bremont Says it Is a Bad Case,

A jury in the United States Circuit Court yes-
terday found Albert Randall, captain of the
tugboat F. M. Brown. and Cornelius Nelson,
master of the self-dumping scow No. 3), owned
by Brown & Fleming, guilty of dumping refuse
in the channels of New York Harbor. There
was a recommendation to merey, and Judge
Thomas intimated that he would impose but a
small fine onthe men. Their defence was that
a heavy sea had caused the scow to careen
until part of her cargo was lost overboard

Lieutenant-Commander John, Fremont, U,
8. N., Supervisor ofthe Harbor, said that the
case was 4 flagrant one, as about sixty car oads
ofloellar dirt were dumped In the Fast River off
Fortieth street early on the morning of Aug.
ai) last

“Between Aug, 27, 1898, and Dee, 5, 1800,"
Lieut, Fremont reports, “S25 self-dumping |
scows returned from the mudbuoy off Sandy
Hook with a total of 4380 pocketa partially |
loaded, Some excuse or other was made that
the machinery was out of order, but the fact |
remained that when the scows returned to
thelr plers the threa vovkets of each were

empty, A total of 43,000 cuble vards of refuse
materfal had been got rid of inthe harbor. At
that rate the channelof the harbor would be

obliterated in the course of time and the many
inillions spent by the Government would really
be so much money wasted.”

Business Troubles.

Conrad Kniering and George Spalckhaver
(Kniering & Spaleckhaver), manufacturers and
dealors in plumbers’ supplies at 170 Grand
street, made an assignment yesterday to
Frederic W. Grau.

B. Schwartz, wholesale dealer in leaf tobaceo
at 205 Pear! street, has closed up his place of |
business and creditors were trying to learn
yesterday what nas become of his assets, Fin-
atein & Townsend put in a writ of replevin to
the Sheriff in favor of Julius Lichtenstein for
$1,875, but the tohaceo called for in the writ
was not found, It was said Mr. Schwartz had
sold it toan uptown dealer

Heavy Shipments of Copper to Russia, |
Hovontoy, Mich., Jan. 11,—The Calumet |

and Hecla mine is shipping large consignments |
of copper overland to Kussia by way of San
Francisco, Nagasaki and Port Arthur, China,
The expense of overland shipment is heavy,
and the despatch with which the order is being

 

 

filled leads to the presumption that the copper
fs destined for pressing needs In naval and |
army equipment,

 

Modern Plumbing.

The best examples of Modern Plumb-
ing are exhibited in our warerooms,
and all who are building or maki.g
alterations should see them.

THE J. L. MOTT IRON WORKS,

84.90 Beekman St.,
103 Fifth Ave,

Health at Home!
Saratoga

Arondack Wat

Bow comes to you right from Sarato;
tled with its onn carbonic acid
flows from thefamousapring. Try
Depeia. Order from grocers or drag

The Arondack Spring, 1362

 

Fatablished 1828,

 

 
  

roadwaye

 

 
   

| Choate, said in her address that while cone
| ditfonal gifta were always welcomed by the

 

MAN BLOWN

 

THROUGH A WALL,

A Steam Pipe Explosion at Hackensac’;
Injures Three Persons.

Hackensack, No J, Jan. VA) WWeineh
steam pipe at the plant of the Gas and Electric
Company of Bergen county exploded this afters
noon injuring three persons. Maning Bilby of
Nowark, & steam fitter, went to work this
morning to connect the boilers with a new
engine which had just been putin. Ho was
busy at a flange at a partition and ordered
steam turned on, In an instant there was an
explosion and Bilby was blown through the
wall, Chief Engineer Jones was beside the old
engine when the shook came and noticing a
snap inthe machinery he saw that the engine
was “running away.” The throttle valve had
been cracked by the extra foree upon it, Jones
shut off the steam, then he hurried tothe door
connecting with the boiler room where the ex-
plosion occurred. When the door was opened
steam burst through and before Jones could
Jump back his face was scalded,

The hole in the wall made by the explosion
was about twelve by nine feet, Tho cause of
the accident is supposed to have beon a dofect
inthe pipe connecting with the new engine
Which was to supply electricity to Englewood,
Rutherford, Ridgewood, Leonia, Hasbrouck
Heights, and a number of other villages in the
county supplied by the Hackensack plant, Ase
aistant Superintendent Lawton found Bilby
nearly one hundred and fifty feet. from tho

spot where he was blown through the twelve.
jneh brick wall, The injured man was tmme-

diately carried into the building, and an
ambulance conveyed him to the Hacken-
Back Hospital He owas terribly sealed

on the face, neck aud hands. He was uncon.
scious and has been unableto speak since, Dr
St John, who was called, says thot there is very
little hope of his recovery, August Metzler, a
Nreman in the electric departinent, Who was in
frontof one of the new boilers immediately
under Bilby, was thrown some distance by the
explosion, but was more frightened than burt.
Jones although his face was burned, remained
on duty and directed the work of repair, as the
entire district supplied with electria lights by
the company was cut off. and business houses
dependent upon the plant for power were
obliged to shut down. This ineluded the
newspaper offices, and the Mecord was unable
to issue its daily edition, A son of Bilby was
killed in an explosion in Pittsburg afew weeks
ago.

GIRES SCAMPER FROM 4 FIRE,

Many Firms Losers From Flames and Water
na Grand Street Building.

Two alarms called the Fire Department tothe
ive-story, L-shaped building at 215 and 217
Grand street ands] Elizabeth street yesterday
afternoon, The fire started in the rooms of
Juliis Schwartz, a manufacturer of waists, on
the top floor, There were twenty girls in the
room when the flro was discovered, but they

 

managed to get out safely after considerable

excitement. The fire destroyed all the stock
in the twotop floors ofthe building and dam-
awed the buildiag considerably, All the other
tenants of the building sutfered Joss from
water

The police estimate of the loss is as follows:
Julina Schwartz, $10,000; Schlesinger, Rosen.
thal & Co, eandy, first tloor, 82.000; Manhat-
tan Chemical Company, tirst floor, $2000; Pul-
tan Sign Painters, second floor, $1,500; Rosa
Seydell, printer, third floor, $2,000; American
New Svstem Carbouating and Dispensin Ap-
maratus Company, fourth floor, $3,000; Henry
Smith, rubber stamps, fourth floor, 82,000;
Lyon Basel Company, third floor, $2,000: Jolin
De Julio. manufacturer of mandolins, fourth
floor, $4,000; TP. DD. Jaekson, manutacturer of
pr er boxes, third floor, $1,500; [T. Blumberg,

  

ourth floor, $1,500; TH. D. Bartie, saloon,
ground floor on Elizabeth street, $500, All are
insured

During the early part of the fire Chief

Croker’s new searchlight was used, No verdict
was given by the firemen asto its success or
failure, but the use of it was discontinued after
about ten minutes. The cara of the Fourth
avenue and Second avenues lines were blocked
for nearly an hour

S4¥S HE WAS KIDNAPPFD,
Boy Found in Georgia Who Declared He
Was Stolen From New York,

Avocusia, Ga, Jan. 11.-Louis Tolghman
passed through here to-night on his way to

New York accompanied by hia father, who |

found him at Tennile,a small town several
miles from here, on Wednesday, He says that
he was kidnapped from New York nearly two

years ago. His story is:

Tam twelve years old and my home is in !
New York. was stolen from New York

twenty-one months ago by «a man named

Inoae diseh and = benugeht to Tennile. I |
stayed with isch until about three

mouths ago, but T had to leave because ha

 

treated meso badly. About three months ago
Iwent to stay with Mrs. Brown in Tennile,
She was sorry for me and let me live with her,

“T don't know why Fisch stole me and I don't
remember now how he got me to go off with
him. [know he took me round with him tn
New York and when we left I didn't know he
Was stealing me

“Tdon’t kuow how my people found out that
J was there think & man name Jacobs went
to New York and when he came back and saw
me he wrote to omy people and told them
where To owas) My mother came for me
and we left Tennile this morning and came
here, [knew my tether when Taaw him. My
fathercan't speak Enelish. IT can understand
something he says. He talks Yeddish,

  
  

 

REPORTED CAPTURE OF GRUBER MEN,

Austin Said to Have Got 9 Out of 13 Dele.
gates to the County Committee,

It was announced yesterday by the friends of
Austin that he had captured nine of
thirteen members of the delegation to
Republican County Committee, from
Twenty-lrst Assembly district, and
that two others were lukewarm = in
their adherenve to Col. Gruber, the

leader, to capture whose political sea!p Mr,
Austin has set ont. Mr, Austin’s friends said

George ©
the
the
the

| that Col. Gruber was not aware of the defection

and that he did = not. be-
lieve he had lost control of the dele.
gation, The test of strength would come, they
sald, When the delegation met to nominate a
eandi tate for menibership in the Committee
on Election OMeers of the County Committee,
Which {It is expected will be appointed by
President Quigy at the January meeting of the
committees on Thursday of next week,

from him

New York Exchange for Women's Work,

The annual meeting of the New York Ex.
change for Women’s Work Was beld yesterday
afternoon In their new house, 854 Madison
avenues, The President, Mrs. Willlam= G,

exchange, the most urgent need, in order that
the more comprehensive work planned for the
coming year may be carried out, is the com-
plete ownership of their house and the ad.
dition of two Juneh reome. The Treasurer's
report shows that $40,103.20 has been turned
over_ to consignors this year, an excess of
$3,070.05 over the corresponding figures for
lust your,

! verside Association Needs Funds,

Miviam Sutro Price of 317 West Fightleth
street, chairman of the Riverside Association,
the Nineteenth Assembly district organization
of the League for Political Education, has is.
sued an appeal for aid to carry on the educa.
tional and social work among the poorer chil-
dren of the district The association has a
kindergarter, @ library, baths, a small gym-
nasium, and clubs for working girlaand boya,
For the winter months indoor reereation and
instruetion are needed, The association asks
residents «f ‘he upper part of the district to
help the work by becoming members at $a
year or by giving smaller subscriptions,

Transplanted Marylanders Dine,

The Maryland Society of the City of New
York held its frst annual dinner last night at
the Hotel Flouret, Eightoenth street and Fifth
avenue. Williim Woodward Baldwin, the
President of the society, presided

Speeches were cade by Henry BR, Towne,
Vice-President of the Pennsylvania Soetety:
eames Bayard Dillworth, President of the
Delaware Society; the Rev. Dr Steel, Agaist-
ant Rector of Trinity Chureh, and others
More than three hundred members of the
soctuty and their friends were present.

John Macomber Not a Mighwayman,

John Macomber of 405 Miller avenue, who
Was arrested on suspicion of being one of the
three highwaymen who assaulted and robbed
Herbert I Aston of 387 Bradford street on
New dou night, was honorably discharged
by Magistrate Worth in the Gates Avenue
Court in Brooklyn yesterday. He had no dif_l-
culty in establishing an alibi. His arrest re.
sulted from bis resem Ulance to @ picture In the
rogues’ gallery

 

Park Commissioner Brower of Brooklyn has
notified all the laborers in his department that
receive jess than $2 a day that their wages
hereafter would be paid at that rate, About

City's 82 a Day Minimuin, |
200 men are alfected by the chavge |

  

a __

  
     

 

0
STG
“Teo-In Shoe’—

One Mother’s
Experience.

“The Toe lr
invention. Lwishall little *
children could have them

 

Shoes are a wonderful
Toe- In”

Extract from one of many letters
showing the satisfaction this shoe
gives—nothing unsightly, looks like
any other shoe, and speedily cor-
rects a most undesirable habit.

$2.0 to $3.5), according to eize,)

We also have special shoes to
revent orcure “Bow-Legs”, “Flat-
oot”, Weak Ankles, etc.—equale

ly effective and satisfactory.

Besides the largest possible variety
of regular styles and sizes, you are
here continually finding useful and
attractive Specialties in every line
for children that no one else thinks
of keeping—-all at moderate prices,

60-62 West 23d St.

PARKUUKST

 

IN ESSEN MARKET,

Came to Hear the Gamblers Examined bug
the Case Was Postponed,

Dr. Parkhurst appeared in the Essex Market
polive eourt yesterday when the ten men
charged with conducting gambling games in
the rooms over the saloon of Dennis J, Sule
livan at 241 Bowery were arraigned for ex.
amination,

The courtroom was crowded when the case
was calledand Central OMee detectives were
eprinkled inthe audienee, Dr, Parkhurst ens
tered Magistrate Flammer’s private room
shortly before the case was called. He was
aceompanied by Superintendent Burr, who
carried out the details of the raid, and by threa
Varkhurst Society agents. What was said in
the room did not come out. Lawyer Emanuel
Friend appeared forthe prisoners and at bts
request the hearing was adjourned unt! next
Thursday

Dr, Parkhurst sat besidethe Magistrate when

the motion was made and had evidently
visited the court to hear the testimony. He
declared afterward that he was not interested

In any crusade against vice on the East side,

“The East side is no different from the West
side orany other side,” he said to a KUN ree
porter,

There was a panic last night on the Bowery
when the news got out that Dr. Parkhurst had
been seen in Essex street. Extra guards were
set around the various disorderly resorts,

FOREIGN MISSION’ CONFERENCE,

Rev, Dr. Brown Says That More Than
2,000 De'egates Will Be Present,

The Committee of Arrangements for the
Ecumenical Conference of Foreign Mis
sions, which will convene at Carnegie

Hall for ten days in April, met last night in
Assembly Hall, 156 Fifth avenue, Seth
Low presided aud declared that “the great
temporary prosperity we are enjoying at the
close of the Nineteenth Century should make
us think of helping the heathen.” Speeches
were made by the Rev. J Po Gracey, President
of the International Missionary Union, and
| ue may Dr. W. R. Huntington, Pastor of Grace
\ yureh,
The Rev. Dr. Arthur J. Brown, chairman of
the Committes on Hospitality, said that more
| than two thousand delegates will be present at
| the Conference, They will come from all parts
ofthe world, Over one thousand flve hundred

!

;of them will come from this country
| and Canada, he said, and the remainder
from Europe, Asia and Africa “harles
Jesup Chairman of the Finanee Committee,

declared that the conference wonl! eost at

least $40,000, and that so far but $4,000 had

| been raised. A notice was ordered sent to the

| pastor of every churehin the city and college
tions will be taken for the fund,

ANOTHER LOTTERY SWINDLE,

It IsSupposed to Be Backed by the Dominle
can Government, but It Isn't.

Sefior Emilto C. Joubert, Consul-General of
the Dominican Republic in this city, received a
Jetter yesterday from the Secretary of State as
Santo Domingo, exposing aswindle which has
been jin operation in this and various other
|
|
|
|

 

cities ofthe United States, Cuba and Puerto
Rioco for the past two or three months, The
letter says that @ wang of swindlers have
flooded these places with thekets of the Santo
Domingo Lottery, whieh censed to exist six
months ago. It is believed that about $200,000
has been taken from persons anxious to win
a fortune

The Dominican Government was first mada
aware of the swindle through a tieket received
from Cuba calling fora drawing on Dee. 1),

Senor Joubert is instructed by his Govern.
ment to use his services to suppress the swine
die, and be will pace the matter inthe hauds of
the authorities at Washington.

AGAINST TWO OF THE HARPERS,

 

Judgment on Notes of Harper & Bros, for
$20,000 Endorsed by Them,

Judgment for $20,175 was entered yesterday
against John W. Harper and James Thorne
Harper, President and Secretary of Harper
A& Bros,, in favor ofthe Etna National Bank of

Hartford, Conn. on two notes of $10,000 each
made by Harper & Bros, on May 25 last, which
notes were endorsed by John W. and James
Thorne Harper. The case has no bearing on
the general status of the affairs of the house.

EE eee eee ee

LOST THE TASTE

For Ordinary Coffee,

“It is strange how many people will try te
invent some cause for thelr feeling bad, rather
than to charge the trouble to some habit they
may haye good reason to believe ts the real
cause, For instance, all the time that we were
using coffee our table 1 was suljeet to
o@sasional terrible headaches, and my husband
Was lalfsick with nervous troubles,

“Woe felt satisiied that coffee was the cause,
but were afrai! we wouldn't like Postum Cereal
Coffee, and therefore tried in every way to

on

think that something in the food, or some
Other reason, was the real cause of our
troubles, After ‘eading several articlesin ree

gard to the evil effects of coffee drinking, and
the merits of Vostum Food Coffee, 1 became
convinced of the truth of the statements, and
called my husband’s attention to them.

“Te was skeptical onthe subject, but to please
me, said he would give Postum a trial, so he proe
cured a package and I madeit, but the milk
we were using was of the kind that produced
little cream, and that did not give us as good a
beverage wo found afterwards could be
secured with cream. However, in spite of the
drawback, we grew to like the Postum Food
Coffee, and both of us found ourselves greatly
benefited by the change, My head ceased ta

as

trouble me entirely, and my husband was
practically made over

"We were out ofthe Postum for atime, and
having coffee in the house and feeling sa
much better, we eoneluded to try the eoffea

again, but ina few dava my headaches came
back, so that we became satisfied where tha
real trouble existed Vo oused Postum for
quite along tine, and still having some coffee
inthe house, tried eoffee again, Imagine our
urprise in discovering that we no longer eared
for the taste of the ordinary colfee, so the next
morning we had 4 rare treat, ina cup of piping
hot, delicious Postum,

‘Coffee is no longer keptin our house. Our
children are very fond of the new kind of
‘toffew’ as they call it, and we give them as
muchas they want to drink, without fearing to
injure their health. I find that{t enables ma
to furnish baby with a more abundant supply
of milk than I covld otherwise do, Postum
Cereal Food Coffee has indeed been a grant
boon to our family.’ Mra, Mary Wade, a.
brook, 0,—Adv,

es

ee

“eee

<-->

se

aoe ne oe

~—> aie

pmapeaneeempe

= SPEER

SF I oe
ee -_ r

aa
SED my

———
SS
aden
a

i|

 

—_