~ we =
eR

}

   
    
   
   

 

 

 

Eee Ba) Yer

4
EL

DABBLERS IN

SENATOR LODGE 80 CHARAN TERIZUS
INDI-TMPERLALUSTS,

ae
Pettivurew Again Speaks tn Paver of hs
Liesolution=senater Stewart's  Posithon

  

ol Pill} Anststig Colloguy
Allen oval Tillman,

» Dinnne
Senntors

ont
Detween
Wa
tofore offered by Mr

mmNaToN, dun. lle The resomtion here.
Pettigrew (Siwer Rep, 8
BD.) val nformation as to oa alleged ine
terview between the Filipino Geaeral Torres
and Gen. Otis, proposing, on thy yart of Agui-
naldo, a cessation of hostilities and the est ib.
lishment of betaveen the two

 

 

nafor

a neutral zone

‘id before the Senate to-day, to-

 

armies, Was
gether with the aulbstitute offered for it by Mr
Todge ‘hen., Mass

Mr Lodge suggested that both resolutions
be withdrawn, and that onee ffered by his col.

zthe same subjects,

league, Mr. Hoar, covers

be adopted, with amendments whieh he (Mr,
Hoar) suggested. These aanendmonts ene
braced communieations in regard to any plang
ofthe Filipinos for arising ia and pillaging
of Manila, the destraction of foreign property
and the massacre of foreign residents. In

some remarks on subject Mr. Lodge ras
ferred aneeringly to efforts made to influence
the American soldiery as “a sort of dabbling in
treason.’ ‘The persons engaged in it,” he
said, “w protected by their insignifeance
and because no senable man wanted to con-
vert iartyr, oven If the bore were
a malevolent bore,’

Mr. Hoar expressed his general assent to his
eolleague’s suggesting about other information
required, He (Mr, Hoar) would like to have,
also, all the correspondence between the Prest-
dent and the Philippine Commission and bes
tween the President an? the Ameriean Peace
Commissioners at Paris, The latter point,
however, he would not insist on, as specific ob-
Jection might be mady to it

Mr. Pettigrew advocated his own resolution
and suggested that it was desirable to aseer-
tain whether American soldiers in tha Philip-
pine Islands had been guilty of killing prisoners,
deseorating the churches and robbing the wo-
men, withthe usual horrors that follow warfare,

The trouble with the imperialists was, he
anid, that they confounded the peonle of the
Ynited states with their puny President, and

the

 

aboreintoat

 

 

that the question of political success had more
effect in their 1 Is than the question
whetherthe insurgents should be encouraged
ornot. The people had aright to know what
his resolution asked, whether Aguinaldo had
sent worlto Gen, Otis the day after the fight.
ing bewan, that the fehting had begun by
mistake and that he wished it stopped imme
diately and @ neutral zone established; and

Whethor Otis had replied that the war, paving
to the grim end,

commeneed howd BQ on
These qu ns Were 80 pertinent, so potent
ani so important that they should be the sub-

 

ition and not clouded
Phe constant efforts
restored had been,

 

yet fw seapurate rose
yoother horribiethings

of Aguinaldoto have peace

  

 

  
 

 

Mr. Vettigrew asserted, censored out of Ga
Otis's rts tu the Government, Fventhe
Bain ement, he sald, had been mangled
amid partly denied until after the eleetion in
Ohio

Mr, Pettigrew read extracts from the Presi-
dent's pr noof Dee. 21, 1NYS8, and safd
that that proclamation was a declaratio t
war Lay down your ar . it said, “subanit
to our sovereiguty, to our military rule, or we
will proceed agaiust you by force of arms.”
“What isthe use afterthat,” Mr. Pettigrew ex-
claimed, “in quibbliug about who commenced
the war?” But Gen. Otis had altered the
proclemation materially, He had sent it, how.
ever, toGien. Miller at DTofle, and Gen, Miller
hat published itas prepared by the Presicent

fn all its brutal phrases The whole wretehed
bustness had Leen one of duplicity and eon.
@ralment. '

The close of the morning hour put an end to

Mr, Pettigrew's specch, and his resolution
went over without action : :
Mr, Spooner (Kep,, Wis.) introduced a bill

Providing that when all insurrection agatnst
the sovereignty and authority of the United
Btates in the Philippine
een completely suppressed, all military, e@ivil
and Judicial powers necessary to the govern-

TREASON, | "* 10"

 

$$ en

) and

isiands shall have |

ment of the islandsshall be vested in such per. i

‘pon and persons, and shall be exercised in such

manneras the President of the United States
Bhall aireet, for
the inhabitants of the islands in the
oyment of their liberty, property and religion.
“he bill was inid oo the table to be called up
hereafter by Mr, Spooner,

The House billto define and fix the standard
of value and to maintain the parity of all forma

free ene

    

 

 

of money issued or coined by the United States
was taken upin the Senate to-day, and Mr,
Btewart Pop, Nev.) addressed the Senate, con.
tending tl standard silver dollara should be
full legal tender, the same as wold. He de.
clared that no advocate of the penting bill

 

ehould ever tind fault with trust ecause the
dill woud place trusts under the protection of
United States laws; and he indicated provisions

 

fa the bili to which his objections particularly
Q@pplied, He declare’ that it robbed all forms
of money exce;t gold of the power to iy

 

debts, and that those who supported it had “no
Pity forthe repose of mankind

 

No other Senator desiring to speak on the
Financial bill, the Consus bill was taken up,
end MroA Pop, Nebo offered an amend
Dent providing for an enumeration of all in-

dustrial and other eombinations known as
trusts, the amount of their capitalization and
of the capital actually invested. He declared
that “those gigantic iinancial institutions are
Bapping the life o° the nation,”

Mr. Carter Rep... Mont.) opposed the amend-
Ment asa proposition to havea three-dollar-a.
day enumerator declare whether a corporation
Was a trust ino vielation of law. “If trusts
exist,” he said, “they havea rightto their day
fn court before the criminal Jaws of the
country can be app led to them,”

Mr. Allen charactor zed the effort to keep
out information about trusts as an indirect
measure of side-tracking There seemed to
me hidden power, he said, exerted in
Congress respecting that matter,

While Mr A vas With great seriousness
And impressiveness of manner trying to im-

 

ws

 

press upon the Senate the importanea of ob-
taining information about trusts, Mr. Tillman
(Dem . 8. C..) broke in upon his ponderous ar-

ument with light sha’ts of ridienle, and
arily lethim complete a singte sentence with.
out an interrupti At last the Nebraska
Benator was goad apparent!y more in
sorrow thar in wer fo expressing his
regret that his frient from South Carolina.
whom he had always understood to be an
enemy of trusts, had gone overland become
their frien tandadvoeate, Mr, Tillman denied
volubly that he had changed his position in re.

maintaining and protecting |

 

1SSUME

 

 

    

AT)

The Claim of the Manila Railway Company
Rejected by the War Department,

Wasninoaros, Jan, 11.-The War Department
has denied the application of the Manila Rail-
way Company for the payment of $287,008.07,
claimed by that company to be due them under
a treaty with Spain guaranteeing a return of 8
percent, per annum upon the capital invested
inthe road. The railway company declares
that Spain fulfllled its obligations up to the
timeofthe Spanish-American War by paying
quarterly installments of the subvention, and
that by the cession of the Philippines to the
United States the latter became bound to as.
sume the Spanish Governments obligations
The ratiway in question is the line running
from Mantia northward to Dagupan, which
Gen. Otis has recently opened to trafle

decision iaty Charles BE. Magoon, law ofeer of
the Division of Customs und Ineular Affairs,
onditis coneurred in by Assistant Secretary
of War Meiklejohn. It says

“During the negotiationa which ended in
the treaty of Paris the Spanish

Tho |

THE SUN, FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1900.

Se

MINE HOST DINES HIMSELF,

SPREAD OF THE
MEN'S ASSOCTATION,

 

ANNU OAL HOTEL

   

Wit and Wisdom for ALL From President
Simeon Ford and Abe Gruber-A Speceh
on Civte Pride by Senator Grady for the
Fdtfieation of Maurlee FP. Holahan,

The hotel men's dinner, which was held at

Delmonico's last night, was the same merry

affair that these annual gatherings of the

Bonifaces of New York have always been,

There were JOO of them present, und Simeon

Ford, the humorist of the association, Who was |

elected President last year, presided, Withbim
at the head of the table sat James H. Breslin,
Horace Brockway, Charitios Cominisstoner
Jobn W. Keller, Justices Bookstaver, Dugro,

| Gildersiceve, MeAdam and O'Brien, Tax Com.

Commission |

Rropowed Chat the Goverument of the United |

States should ‘be holden to all the nights and
obligutiona of the Spanish Government,’
created by the ‘railroad concession from Ma-
nia to Dagupan. Said proposal was rejected
by the American Commission, with the deeiar-
ation ‘that they wonld not aceept any articles
that required the United States to ussume the
so-called colonia! debts of Spain; but, in re-

spect of the Philippines, the American
Commission agreed that) their — (Giovern-
ment should pay to Spain the sum
of $20,000,000, Said payment was in

lieu of an assumption by the United States of
the flnancial obligations of the Government of
Spain created for the beneflt of the Philippines

The contract obfigations of Spain, created by |

the guaranty of tnterest on the capital invested
in the enterprise. included fo the concession
now owned by the Manila Railway Company,
did not pass to apd become binding upon the
United dtittes by operation of international law
upon the cession of sovereignty by Spain and
the acceptance of sovereignty over said isiands
by the Cited States Liability for debt arise-
ing upon the personal obligation of the general
Government, unsecured by the mortgage of the
territory ceded, does not pass with the sov-
erelgnuty of territory unless stipulated forin the
treaty of cession, Such liability is part of the
national debt of the nation making the cession,

“The guaranty of the Spanish Government,
evideneed by the provisions of the concession
tothe Manila Raflway Company, is not a lien
upon the tstand of Luzon

“The revennes now being colleeted by the
provisional Government of the Philippine
islands are not burdened with a trustin favor
ofthe Manila Railway Company to secure the
periormanee of the contract obligations of the
Government of Spain,”

DEMAND ON THE SULTAN,

Minister Straus'’s Instructions to Ask In-
demnity for the Murder of Frank Lenz,

Washinoros, Jan. ll-In the diplomatie
mail pouch which will go out from the State
Department to-morrow will be a lot of instrue-
tions to Oscar Straus, the United States Min-
ister at Constantinople, directing him to make
a positive demand on the Sultan's Govern-
ment for the payment of $40,000 indemnity
for the assassination. of Frank Lenz,
an American citizen, Mr. Lenz was trom
Pittsburg, He was an expert bicyclist, and
was engaged by Uuting to travel through Ar-
menia on his wheel. While proceeding
through that country he was shot and killa
by Turkish soldiers. The Turkish Govern-
ment has acknowledged ita liability, but ale
though pressed to co a0, hus not vald the tn-
demnity demanded. Mr. Lenz was murdered
fn JSD

Mr, Straus will be instructed ajso to press
for the payment of the $100,000 demanded by
the United States on account of losses sus-
tained by American educational. institutions
American teachers in the Sultan's pos.
sessions during the Armenian troubles severa!
years ago.

POSITIVE

LIEUT,-COM, GREENE A SUICIDE,

He Was Serving on the Cruiser Montgomery
of Admiral Schley's Squadron,

WaSHINGTON, Jan, 11,—Adiniral Schley this
morning cabled tha Navy Department from
Montevideo announcing that Lieutenant-Com-
mander F. &. Greene bad committed suicide on
Wednesday evening and that srrangementa
have been made for burial on shore. A board,
the despatch said, had been ordered to examine
the circumstances of the case and report,

Lieutenant-Commander Francia b
entered the service in 1867, having been ap-
vOlnted a midshipman, He graduated in June,

871. and was sent tothe Congress on July 1h
ofthe same year. He was promoted to ensign
in INL and served on the Ticonderoga n
1880 he served on the Yantice, and in INS2 was
promoted to Lieutenant, He was on duty in
the Ordnance Department atthe Washington
Navy Yard when the war with Spain broke
out,
on board the cruiser Montgomery to which he
was attached atthe time of hiadeath. He was
promoted to Lieutenant-Commaader in Mareh,
184)

 

 

PAPER FOR THE GOVERNMENT,

Hids Show a Noticeable Increase
Price-Onty Thirty Bidders,
WasHinoton, Jan, 11,—Bids for supplying
the Government with printing. writing and
other papers for the year beginning July 1
next were opened to-day by the Joint Com.

| mittee on Printing ot the House aud Senate.

There was a noticeable increase in the price of

saperas shown by the bids, together witha
falling off bothin the numberof bidders and the
num ber of arvicles for which each ot them sub-
mitted Lids. The firms represented numbered
thirty, against forty-six inst year. aud Che pro-
vosals of three ofthe thirty were irregular. The
WN York and Pennsvivanta Company ot Lock
Haven. Pa., was the lowest bidder for most of
the printing paper and the American Writing
‘aper Company, of Springtield, Mass, offered
to Farnieh most of the writing and fancy papers
atthe smallest prices. The awarding « hthe
contracts will be made later,

Training Ship Hartford's Long Cruise
Begun,
Wasntnoroy, Jan, 11.—The training ship

Hartford left Ban Franclsco yesterday on an
extended cruisy which will end at Fort Mon-
roe, Va,,in May, She has on board 300 native-

born enlisted men who have never seen sea
service They will be trained on the voyage as
men-o'-warsmetr The Hartford ia the famous
Nagshiv of Farragut in the battle of Mobile
ay, She has been practically rebuilt at a cost
of $600,000, Her first stop will be Valparaiso,

, Chili.

garni totrusts, and he told a story of an oppo
6um huntin the South to ihustrate Mr. Allen's
efateofmind, The story was, that when the |
dog had barked up a tree, and when the tree
Was cut down and nho'possum was found, the
old darkies went back to their eabing disap.

ointed, giving as an ext ition that the fdog

vad been “ruoning a har This expression,
he explatnad amid much laughter, ta the
carky dialect for chasing a spectreora hannt
The amusing colloguy between the two Sena-
tors lasted halfar wr and was finally closed
by a vote on the amendment, which was re.
Jeeted, and the bill was then passed

a
t

 

     

Senate Lill increasing the limit of eost of the
poblic bullding at Indianapolis to gv AO.000
and making S800.000 immed avatiable
wastaken up and passed

After a short executive session the Senate
adjourned till Monday,

 

OUR PENPORT TRADE

Decrease in Exports of Cotton and Bread.
etuts- Tnerease in Mineral Oils,

Waewinctosx, Jan. 11—The exports of the

  
   
    

 

 

four prir mestic products for
the monthe rea valued at $7,.
vi. NC HASHS the sama
Month o® Tie shows a ¢ inparative
Joas of $14 atniYa of Te
end pe i if
n ral oils eng tr nhereas 261,770,

Porth 4 th ! ‘! the ex.
port sea +) ese d2,03],-
25. whieh vy A loss HSH TTS, Compared
Will those ® 3 n i), LXQS,
Comy rthe prey \ ¥ vistulls
show afal ‘ “4,040,080 and cotton
Stl Mose w ! “pores of mineral oils
plow it SILA SL201 and provie
mions $25]

Nominated by the President.

Wasirt 11.- The President to-day
Bent tl OWL hominations to the Senate:

Andrew F Catlwell Indian Agent, Fort Hall
Aven it

Ain oT “ pervieorn ofthe Twelfth
Couns t I t i tif Sent erolina

“ Ta CO Nehols, Thirt Urth Vole
Unte Tutun be Second | tenant
Gren, Greely's Condition,

" TIS \. dan. Li.-Major Edward ¢,
Carter, Surze nu United States Army, who is
’ ‘ to Ge Greely, gavi +
thie Lay |

( ey ! nm this morning tg
aoniewh neatisfactory, He isstili weak and
the symptoms of coucussion of the brain dis-
ayy ‘

78 Banks as Government Depositories,

Wastineton, Jan. 11 Seventy-eight banks,
noo
f Ming the nd group as arranged by
seeretary Gage, have qualified as Government
Ceposttortes rhe tota! amout of deposits of

int Vontie recerpts app .
tmatit S10, Lavo Piled jor by these

iliohie ts

} Session

| General Wyman of the Marine

The flagship New York arrived at Barbadoes
vesterday and the training ship Lancaster at
Ponve, Puerto Rico, to-day

 

New York Post Office Bill,

WisHinctoy, Jan. 11.—The bill for the pure
chase of property fora New York Post OMee
building will be taken up to-morrow by the
House Committee on Publle Buildings and
Grounds and will be referred toa sub-commit-

tee, of which Representative Gillett of New
York will probativ be chairman, Represen-
tative Mercor, chairman of the committee, is
bot in favor ofthe passage of such bfils at thia
‘SA Beneral proposition, but admits
that there may be special reasons why New
York shonid have a new Post Office building.

The Plague at Rio Janeiro.

Vash xaion, Jan. 11.—Supervising Surgeon
Hospital Sere
vice received the following cable message to-

; Dight from Acting Assistant Surgeon Hanel-

ENS

burg at Rio Janetro

“There has been one death from plague at
Rio Janeiro This diagnosis confirmed by
bacteriolog.calexamination. Acting Assistant
Surgeon Carson hbasarrived en route to Santos.”

very posstble preeantion will be taken by
the service to grevent the spread of the plague
tothe United States,

Washington Notes,

Wastitnoton, Jan, 11.—An estimate of $7
OOU for enlarging and improving the curren
vaults in the offlee of the Comptroller of the
Curreney wos submitted to Congress to-day be
Recretary Gage.

United States Treasuer Roberta and Assist.
ant Secretary Ajlen, representing the Dewey
Fund Committee, to-day presented to Admiral
Dewey two superbly bound volumes contain.
ing the names of the contributors to the fund
anda bixtory of the movement to raise the
money for ho home,

Receipts for the Lawton Fund.

 

 

Wi shtnoton, Jan. 11

    

 

Lawton fund have reached 872,400,292, and
Cie. Corbin belleves the total fund will reach
Sime

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN,

The American Linseed Oi Company advanced the
bree oflinsrototl yesterday 8 cents, to bu cents @
wallor

vlwr t fabsolnte divorce were granted yea-
terday by Juste Gboverich to samuel Coben from
Sarib b Collen, to terre Rosenbaum from Sarah
Ki Rosenbaum, and co sarah Kashowity from Max

Kashowits,

Commissioner Keat ng of the Department of High-
Ways was to Lave opened bide yesterday for the pay.
Ng, erating, avd regviaiing of Kim street, but ba
pos'poned actiow because o the fact that any work
fou Bow wonld be anurely torn up when the Rapia
Tradgit tupvel built

Greene |
| bet forth to the National Committee b

During the warand since then he served |

the |

missioner Feitner, Cornelius Van Cott, Abra-
ham Gruber and Senator Thomas F. Grady,
Allofthe prominent hotel men in the city were
there and among the guests were many from
outoftown. They dined long and well, and it
was lO o'clock when President Ford pounded
onthe table for order, Mr, Ford said in part:

"On behalt of the members of the Hotel
Association I bid you, our guests, a hearty
welcome, We have had a year of glorious prose
perity. Vor tive or six years we have been up
against it, unsuccessfully drawing to bob tails,
sinall pairs and partially developed flushes; but
at last the wave has struck us, and now we are
on velvet, sitting behind a pile of blue chips,
ready to see every raise and boost it back
again, Some folks claim that Bill MeKiniev is
our mascot, Some say Dick Croker, with his
three attendant Johns—John, Demijohn and
John Keller-and the poliey of the open door,
is responsible, Butallweknowis that some-
thing has happened to change our luck,

“You are pechaps surprised to see me occu.
pying this exalted position. ‘Let me have men
about me that are fat,’ said Shakespeare, and
that has been the mottoof our association till
now; buttimes change, and Shakespeare also
baid ‘The sixth age shifts Into the lean ania
slippered pantaloon.’ And so T was made
President, and Willie Hawk, whofor twenty
years haa poselas the infant phenomenon of
our organization,wasa made vies, They found it
somewhat dificult to geta running mate for
me. Baumannof the Holland House was sug-
gested, but being of the blocky Percheron
build, with large fetlocks and a tendeney to
heaves on up grades, he wouldn't do. Boldt of
the Waldorf-Astoria was talked of, but he has
never travelled in double harness, and besides,
when full of oats is liable to get gay and shy at
a baby carriage. Hawk just tilled the bill physt-
cally, but was thought by some to outelass me
intellectually, and between ourselves IT think
he'll be pretty swifteompany, although I've got
a pretty good brush left in me yet for a short
distance

“since our association was formed, twenty.
one years ago, the hotel accommodations of
New York have vastly increased. Every year
two or three great structures are built, for
whioh we all predict diro failure and disaster,
but somehow they all scem to get along,
fact is the American servant girl Is rapidly
driving people out of their once happy homes
and into hotels

“And now we are to have a woman's hotel!
That will fil a long felt want) Weallhavea
few lady boarders we would like to recommend
—ladies with atrong minds and weak appetites,
the kind that send fora waiter and order a pot
oftea, a package of canarybird seed anda hot
flatiron and ‘don't be all day about it, please.’

 

What a pleasure it would be for a man who
Was ready and agxious to die to run such aa
Adamless Fden! With what harmony will the

 

inmates mingle together. Just imagine the
eonversation which will enaue after the first
lady with peroxide hair comes down to break.
fast ina pink Vother Hubbard

“This fall, what withthe Dewey calebration
and the yacht races, it was predicted that our
hotels would prove insufMletent, Wo took in
everybody that came along, however, and had
‘oom for iota more who were frightened away
by our well meaning. if misguided, press. If
the newspapers would take the pains toin-
quire they would find that no reputable hotel
inthis city ever varies ita prices, and that we
do business honestly, conscientiously and
fairly, always

“We tried to get the Republican Convention
tocome here, The merits of our city yore
three
of her greatest orators, to wit: Moe, Senator
Depew and Lieutenant-Governor Woolrulf,
The Senator was witty and eloquent, the
Lieutenant-Governor’s jest and satire were
only equalled by his vest and attire, and as
for me'—Well, [hate to talk about mysel{!

“We conclusively demonstrated that New
York was the only place tor the convention,
andthen the committee retired ana unant-
mously voted to meet in Philadeiphia, Phila-
deiphia had no great oretors with her, but she
senton a certified cheek for $100,000, which
Hfted up its sull, small voice and did the talk-
ing forher. They say Philadelphia is asiow
town, but she produces some pretty quick ar-
ticles, She sent us the cable and electria rall-
ways and the Waldorf-Astoria, all of them

 

| ewifter than anything weever had before,

| attractiveness for

The receipts forthe |

|

“But, dearly as | love totalk, [mustwive way
to others who are sitting around nearly burs
ing with suppressed elognence A gentleman
Will act as toastmaster who ia 80 smooth that
nothing sticks to him except friends, and these
he has by the legion a man whose name isa
househoid word, eapecially in some house-
holds, dear old Jim Breslin.”

Mr. Ford also characterized Mr, Breslin, the
tonstmaster of the evening, as the Terry
MeGiovern of the Tlotel Men's Association,
Mr. Bres!in made a brief address in the course
of which he said that Mr. For!'s reference to
him as “a smooth articie towhich nothing will
stick,” was peculiarly applicable from a flnancial
point of view

 

 

Mr. Breslin introduced Senator Grady, who |

told Mr. Ford that he muatn’'t feel bad about
the Republican Convention not coming to New
York, as this city seemed to have Jost its
Kepublicans, He brought
regreta from his Demooratic colleagues in the

Senate, who were unable toattend the dinner |
and then took a fling at the Republicans, who |

he said were still busy trying to misrepresent
the city of New York.

“But, thank God,” he added, “we onan feel
reasonably assured to-night that ouretty has
seen the last of Mazet committees Ourcity
Ibust have a government that will be acon.
venienos and not an annoyance, and its laws
must be enforced according to the innocent
habits and customs of the people. Above all
let us insist that our city never be named anve
{n words of respect Attack the stock Ex-
change andthe members will rush ont ready
to hang you Go to the Bar Association and
attack the integrity of a single member, and
the Penal Code will be searched for punish-
ment sultable forthecrime, But letameeting
be called with the objeot of New
York ns aaink of intqnity, a cit
Property are not safe, and out ofthe Har Asso-
ciation and the Stock Exehange will come a
list of viee-presidents as long as from hers to
the Battery, [tis this that explains our lack of
civic pride.’

 

 

 

 

  
  

 

 

“Hooray! Hooray. for Senator Grady!"
yelled Maurice b Holahan, who sat up near
the head table, “Fle’a right. Civic pride is
what we want, clvie pride is what we need,”

Mr. Holahan cheered by himeelf

The next speaker was Abraham Gruber,

sone of whose delectable sayings follo

“sinee last we dined with our genial hosts,
hunger and thirst have e vntinued their daily
Visits to mankind, sleep has inalated upon
coming around with conquering regularity,
the Dewey velebration has taken place and the

 

annual events in the metropolis have repeated
themselves, «0 that the hotel man wonde ss
how the peonle earned all the money that he

has put into the bank. into Brooklyn Rapid

 
       

 

Tran-it ito Miller's Money Mult plication
Museum iiomsturg. When Pthiak how
enay it js the hotel men to make fortunes, |
would pity Ford and Breslin and the restot them
if they had to make a living proctising jaw, rune

 

 

ning Tammany Hallor the Republican Legiain-
ture, The hotel men of New York have no relig-
fous preyndices. The Jew and Gentile are alike
taken in by them They care more for the
size ofa man's pocket! than they do for
the size of his nos

“When Denterany rlarge he
werk, and if bg eoudescends to amile I
oud of the diatinetion. There be stands
with forehead like Webster's, a front ns
smooth as that ofthe junior Senator from New
York, and the power of @ Platt sitting in the
Executive Cham in Albany. 1? ia the clerk
whe makes the millionaire tf like twe vents,
the statesman like a chump, ond a Vice-Presi-
dent like Tim Woodruff,

“TL have often wondered why the female, now
60 Humerous ih ourofflees and plaves ot bual-
hess, has not entered the hotel clerk's fleld
ehetwalloverthe hotel, from the kitehen to
the warret, Why notin the « ? Wonli she

» MANY questions, or tell too much of
Whatshould remain inviolate, or in any other
liteolor? Perhaps she doosn tknow enough to

 

wk

tels [ size

   

 

  

el

 

 

ask to

 
 

      

poat the Rural Investigator who comes to town
to tnd the tniquitons, and then, Viat a
denouners itafter he istall of remorse. Who
knows’ Butleth peraey nnd she,too.will

‘AciorkK and grow rich, While the man who
signed the lease goes inte nsolveney,

‘Mark Pwain, who has traveled further and
Inet more distinguished persons than any

 

other living American, recently referred to the
devil in the followlig eulogistle words: "A per-
son Who has for untold eenturies maintained
the imposing position of spiritual head of fours
fifths of the human race, and politieal head of
the whole of it, must be grante 1 the possession
of executive abilities uf the highest order. In

 

IF YOU ARE CONDUCTING
A really first-class Furnished Room or Board.
ing House, make its locality known through
THE SUN'S advertising coumns, SUN readers
seek such places,~-Adv,

NOLO GE AC. Bara

The |

eri bing
y where Hfeand |

 

 

 

 

Is Inrge presence the other popes and politi-
clans shrink to midgets for the microscope,

 

So many men are going to the devil
at the present time that [ eoncluded
that [ too might learn something, by

having a talk with the individual of whom
Twain wrote so highly, and whose asbestos
Clothing has withstood the conflagration of
Ages got an audience without trouble or de-
lay. The devil, according tomy party leaders,
hus always proviled the Democrats with their

Mg inajorittes on Manhattan Island, and
thought it would be equally acceptable to
hbenator Platt aud Dr Sheer if f gota few

pointers how to win in the next eity campaign
As his Satanic Majesty was ready to talk Lin-
terviewed him, and this is what he aald

““A professional reformer is always a saint
until he gets a place and wants tokeep itor get
something better have a large panfal of
those gentlemen, and after every sham reform
Vietory Laeta whole lot of them. Lhave no
realreformers here, although [ would like to
ket some, becuse they do me mueh harm,
Vpon investigation [ flad that they are invari-
ably members of the great political parties and
act upon the theory that other men, too, love
trnth and their country, | know New York
city thoroughly. During the sessions of the
Legislature itis lurgely advertised asa suburb
ef my dominions, and what Leannot under.
standis that those who shout londest against
its iniquities zo there to live from the good
rural districts, while Croker, who says it's the
best place on earth, snen ta most of his time in
London, There are not many things | eannot
understand, but when try to wet aline on
New York city polities always feel that there
ure even toughor games than those T play.’ ”

THE CLARK BRIBERY CASF,

30,000 of Alleged Bribe Money Produced
Before the Senate Committee,

WasnutycrTon, Jan, 11—The Montana bribery
inquiry was continued this morning by the
Senate Committee on Privileges and Elections,
T. EB, Collins. State Treasurer of Montana,
produced the envelopes containing money
| placed In his hands by the legislative commit-
tee, endorsed with the names or initials of the
men proposed to be bribed. The first envelope
contained ten $1,000 bills, and was endorsed ag
the “property of W. A, State Senator
from Madison county,

| Witness read the letters and figures on each
of the bills, whieh were all legal tenders. He
| did the same with the contents of the Myers
envelope, S10,000; of the Garr envelope,
| $5,000, and of the Whiteside envelope, $5,000
These envelopes and the money, $30,000 in
| all, were allowed to remain in the custody of
Mr, Collins, with a suggestion from the Chair-
| man, Senator Chandler, that they he deposited
E sife-neeping with the Seeretary of the

Clark,”

Senate, and that a Treasury expert shall be
asked to oxamine the bills,
Mr. Whiteside then took the witness chair
again and identified the envelopes produced
by the last witness, which he (Whiteside), had
delivered to the legislative committee and
which that committee had turned over to the
State Trensurer. They were, he said, the en-
velopes about which he had been testifying
Th's closed the examination of Mr, Whiteside,
Which had covered six days
Henry ©. Stiff, tho first witness {fn the case,
was recalied and produced a listof the pieces
of property belonging to McLaughlin for exe
amining the tithe to which $500 had been prom-
| ised him as part of the consideration for sup.

porting Senator Clark, There were twenty-one
| pieces of property. but he persisted in saying
| that that wouid be an extravagant fee

The next witness was W. A. Clark, State

| Senator from Madison county. He testified as
to conversations with Whiteside and Well-
come in Which $1,000 was offered and pald btm
to vote for his natuesake as United States Sen.
ator, and he {dentifled the envelope containe
ing thatsum, whieh had been turned over to
| the State Treasurer
| The cross-examination was conducted by
| Roger Foster, ciate counsel for Senator
| Clark, Mrod called the attention of the
Witness toa report of his testimony given be-
fore the Montana Legislature, and bent his ef-
forts toward showing discrepancies. The wit-
ness told of conversations with Kepresentative
Campbell, in which he, the witness, agreed to
«oO into the scheme to expose the alleged
bribery

The last witness to-day was Frederick W,
Cowan, a\Northern Pacitle Railroad conductor
He testitied that Mr, Bickford had asked him
toses Mr. Stiff and to offer him $15,000 to join
the Clark forces. His) eross-eXamination Was
eonducted by former Senator Faulkner,

The committee will meet again to-morrow

morning

ass
pater

 

 

MKS, LILENBERGER'S DREAM.

District Attorney Decides That Both
aod Mra, O'Neil Must Appear,
Mounr Vennoyx, N. Y., Jan. 11—Notwith-
standing the resolution of Mrs, Ellenberger
not to come here to aid in @ prosveution of Al-
| fred Morrison for shooting his wife, her sister,

She

 

itis likely she will have to come, There js a
disposition here to reject her story that her
change of mind not to come was the result ofa
dream that her dead sister appeared to her
and assured her of Morrison's innocence. It is

one Ud

thongbt that the at ieast ream
too mueh in this -'range case, and 4 CAUS® is
soughtotherthan a dream for the alteration
| of her vigorously expressed intention to come

| to Mount Vernon to stimulate the prosecution

ra is

 

 

   

  

 

 

of Morrison. The living sister now supports

the ussertion of the dead one that Morrison
j Was fnnocent

lhe District Attorney thinks she ought to

| testity as to what she knows of the relations of

| the Morrisons. He has decided that both Mrs

Eiionberger and the dead woman's nlece, Mra

| Niel. must appear, and he telegraphed for

them to-day to come to Mount Vernon. ‘To-day
Wis spent by him in getting the depositious
| of the Wiltesses (ogether alter which he an-
nounced that Morrison would probably be ar-
rested to-morrow apd taken at onee to the
county jail at White Plaina to await the action
ofthe Grand Jury whieh will probably sit: in
Bpecial aess tohearthe testimony. Tf Mrs
hilenberger and Mrs. O'Neil fail to eome on of
theirown volition they will be subpanaed and

 

 

 

  
 

 

forced to eomt
Lam working on a now theory,” said the
District Attorney thie afternoon, "I betieve

 

Morrison killed his wife to wet rid of ler and
toescape from his duplex married relations,
The dream story and his rnuning out for doc.
tors and neighbors, in my opinion, was all pres
arranged,”

 

MISS KATE MARTENHOLI'S DEATH,

It Was Hastened, It Is Said, by Grief Over
filer Brother's Death,

Miss Kato Martenholl, 58 years old, died last
night at her home, 103 Coneord street, Brook -
lyn, She had beea suffering from cancer, but
herdeath is believed to have been hastened

 

 

 

through grief over the sudden death of her
brother, hn H. Martenholl, whieh ovcurred
on Sunday night, This brother, who never

married, with Kate and another sister, Mag-
wiv, lived nearly a!l their lives in the old build.
ing, known as the “White House,” at Coneord
| and Jay streets, Mr. Martenbo!l! made a for-
| tune in the auioon business. He was one of

the Demovratic leaders in the Pourth ward,
I’ Amite Ball,

The Soeittd L’Amitie held ita twenty-seventh
annual ball at the Loxington Avenue Opera
House just night. There was a programme of
batiet and individual fanes dancing, Six prizes
for unique and  beautitul costumes were
awarde|,and there were souvenir fans for fair
GAnCers,

oe RY EN

He who Buys or Sells

| Hunter
| Baltimore Rye

*

| Natoe buys and Sells
dinicr art The Purest Type
of the

Purest Whiskey,

Its Sandard of merit

IS lived, its quality

m

'S AUWAVS Unite

16 YEARS OLD,

ued

WM LawaHianegoSON
tut cat

e Mellow.

Pure

and

A. B. HART & FRANK MORA, Representatives,
88. William St., Now York, N, Y.

 

——=-—

 

 

 

THE STATE LEGISLATURE,

DUCED YESTERDAY,

Mr. Rodenbeck Has Two Franchise Tax
Bills to Corporations Operating on
Thelr Own Property—Several Bills of
Local Interest and Some Old-Timers,

ALBANY, Jan, 11.—Nothing of moment vc.
eCurred atthe session of either brauch of the
Legislature to-day beyond the introduction of
4 few important bills, The first bill to be re.
ported favorably from committee in either
house was Senator MeCarren's, authorizing
the increase of the salary of the doorman iu
the Kings County District Attorney's offles to
31,200, Each house will hold a brief session
tosmorrow

It Was expected the report of the Mazet Com-
mittes would be submitted to the Assembly
to-day, but Assemblyman Fallows, the second
Mom ber of the committes, announved that the
committee had ehanged ite mind and would
hot put the report in until next week

The Assembly will pass the first bill of the
Session to-morrow morning, and it wil! legalize
the nominations made forthe special election
tobe held in the Thirty-first New York Age
sembiy district, Jan, 23, to fll the vacancy
in that district eaused by the death of
Assen blymam-elect Stone, Dr, Henry this

 

morning introduced a bill in the As-
To-morrow
morning an emergency message from the

Governor will be rece!ved and the bill will be
taken up at once, There will be no opposition
toit, It appears that both nominating con-
ventions were held on the samo day as
the primary, which is thoughtto have been
illegal,

Assemblyman Rodenbeck of Rochester, who
last year introduced a different franchise tax
bill to the Ford measure, is again attempt.
legislation. He has
the object of which

special franchises
power in de-

ing franchise tax

introduced two bills,
is to place a tax on all
and giving local assessors
termining the amounts due the localities
in which the sorporations are doing
business where they hold special privileges
The bills will affect railroad, telephone
and telegraph companies operating on their
Own property, and which latter fact causes

| them to be exempt from the provisions of the
Franchise Tax law, The first bill taxes fran-

|
|
|
'
|
sembly making such provision,

chises not covered by the special franchise act
as personalty. He says that if they are not
treated as such, section L2Zofthe Tax law relat-
ing tothe taxation of the capital stock of cor-
porations is adead lotter where the corpora-
tion owns valuable franchises upon which it
ean incur large indebtedness, which by law
must be deducted and which in such cases
leaves nothing to tax

The second bill allows the assessors to take
franchises And easements not covered by the
6pecial franchise tax act into account in deter-
mining the value of the real estate of persons,
copartnerships, associations and corperations,
The law applies to both cities and towns

Mr. Rodenbeek says that one ofthe reasons
he has handed in these measures is that the
special FranchiseTax law only taxes franchises
in public streets and places, while there are
other franchises which are a proper subject
fortaxation, Under the decision of the courta
these franchises have been declared exempt,
pithough not expressly exempt in the tax
aw,

Senator Ahearn to-day tntroduced a bill, sent
him by the New York City Dock Department, the
mein intent of which is to give possession to

the city, without delay, of all property re-
aguired for the improvement of the water
front on the Fast River, where, the Dock
Board says, accommodations are very
much needed to provide adequate  factil-
ties for the commerce in the virinity.

Senator Ahearn says the bill will not work to
the disadvantage of any ofthe owners of pri-
vate property, Inasmuch as under ite terms in-
terest will be allowed upon the awards from
the time the title tothe property is vested tu
the city.

Senator Marshall of Brooklyn Introduced
two bills having for theirobject the establish.
ment of a separate state department to super-
vise the operations of the building and
loan associations that are. now under
the limited jurisdiction of the State
Banking Depariment. The head of the
department is to be a commissioner
appointed by the Governor and confirmedb y
the Senate, His term of offtce is fixed at six
years and his salary at $5,000. The expenses
of the new department shall not exoeed $15,000
& year, to be collected trom the associations
under the jurisdietion of the department

Senator Jacob Kice introduced a bill redue-
ing through fares on the New York Central
Railroad, so that only two cents a mile can be
charged, the same as for way fares

Senator Ford tntroduced a bill extending for
two years from next May the life of the com-
mission appointed by Gov. Black to establish
Silver Lake Park on Staten Island in connec.
tion with a system of Riehmond county
varkway to ” conatructed afterward,

The Richmoud County Board of Supervisors
was einpowered by the Jaw to iasne $80,000 In
| bonds for the purpose of establisliing the park,
but steps were taken In the courts to prevent
the expenditure of this money. The case has
ust reached the Court of Appeals. Meanwhile
the Park Commission has been unable to do
anything and its term of existence is within
four montha of expiration,

Senator Plunkitt has introduced a bill pro-
viding that the New York City Fire Comimis-
sioner may promote, in his diseretion, without
competitive examination, any uniformed
member of the Fire Department, who at any
time and at personal risk, has saved life at any
fire, to the next highest rank held by him. An
eYort to have the bill advanced to a third read-
| ing was objected to by Senator Ford
Senator Wileox put in a bill increasing the
| salaries of the three State Civil Service Co
misstoners from $2,000 to $3,000

Senator Elaberg has a@ bill increasing from
$1,000,000 to $2,000,000 the maximun: amount
of capital a titie guaranty corporation may
have.

Senator Gravey has a bill appropriating
$10,000 of State money for the erection of a
monument in commemoration of the battle of
White Plains, provided the site for the monu-
ment {s furnished free and an additional $2,500
{a subseribed by citizens toward the erection
of the monument.

A number of bills that have been before the
Legislature before, have made their appear-
ance inthe Assembly to-day. Mr. Maher has
re-introduced bia blll shortening the houre of
drug clerks {n New York elty 80 that they work
but 160 hours during every two weeks. Dr
Henry has presented his bil requiring that
applicanta for naturalization must furnish

identifleation certificates
| their final papers Assemblyman T. P
; Sulllvan onee more hands in his bill li-

censing sellers of cigarettes. Mr. Mesiter
| will once more try to secure a recreation pier

 

 

tthe foot of East Thirteenth street in New
fork city. Mr, Fiske has also introduced his
bill to secure proper sanitary conditions and
proper ventilation in public buildinga and
sohoolhouses. Mr. Gale comes forward with
| on old timer, having tor its purpose the taxing
| of trust companies as banks, Mr, Maher is also
in line with his bill abolishing capital punish.
mentin this State, and substituting therefor
Imprisonment for lite,

Senator Timothy D. Sullivan, Assemblyman
T. P. Sullivan and Assemb!yman Maher each
introduced bills to-day fixing the hours of
work of members of the police foree in citles
of the first-class at eight hours, except in case
of an emergency,

Assemblyman Samuel Fy Hyman, Democrat,
ofthe Thirtieth New York City. District, in
| troduced # }i!! to-day changing the provisiona
of section Hus ofthe Code of Civil Procedure
so asto provide that where it_appears from
the combiaint that the plaintif? demands and
wantitied toa judgement against the defend
ant, restening the commission or con-
tinuance of an act, the commission or

| the action, would produce injury tothe plaintt?,
an injunction order nay be granted to restrain
it, “except when such aetion is brouebt to re-
| atrain the doing of an act or nets alleged to
hinder, interfere with, or disturb any. em-
Dloyer of labor in his business by hia em-
ployees actively engaged therein, discharged
therefrom. or, having been previously em.
ploved therein and then engage! in a strike, or
to restrain any vets oraets by labor unions or
} Association so acting in coneert with sueh per-
aon or Persons sO previoualy omployed or dis-
charged.” The words quoted are added to sec
tlon 803 as it now standa and seeks to legalze
boveotting

By another bill introdneed te-dav Mr. Hy-
Mah seeks to prevent vontracis in reatraint of
trade, ‘This bill provides that all contracts be.
tween persons, corporations or associations
which shall provide for the manutaeture of any
@ooda, Wares or merehanidise, or forthe pur.
ehase of any commodity by any or all ofthe
ergifracting parties, end which aball provide
f'@ the right of inanufacture, purchase or anle
ofsuch commodity by any or all the parties t»

   

 

 

| such contract within any given or named ter-
| ritory, and whieh ahall fall to exclude the
State of New York, shall be void
)} These other bils wore intro lueed
) Mr, Deviraw- Piting the foes of the Clork of Kings
eounty at 88 for preparing tl caletdare for the
Supreme ard County courtaforeach action on the
| calendar:
Also, prov. ling thatthe consen: of the majority
| of property Cwnera on bush street in the Borough

of Brooilyn riust be secured before any railroad,
aurface « ed, can be constructed thereon,

Mr. peropmating $200,000 for the pur.
chase of asite ao! the ouliding of anarmor: thereon
for Troop Cit the Borough ot br kivr

Mr. Miher— Providing tha: no railroad shall eotlect
more than @ ‘ar of fite centa from passengers
travelling between atations ti any city

Also, providing that where inetallment goods are
seized for non-fulfiliment of coutract they mnat be
returned to purchaser if contract ia lived up to with-
in thirty days thereafter

Senator Armstrong and Mr, Rodenbeok—Giving
plumbers who have received certificates of com-
petency the right to engage in business in al! cities
Of the State,

 

   

  

 

  
 

APPA AIIDAY ALS AVIAN

before they receive |

continnance of which, during the pendency of |

 

RIPANS TABULES.

The standard cure prescribed by physicians
everywhere for the common every-day ills

of the household — Constipation, Headache,

Heartburn, Dizziness, Biliousness, Dyspepsia,

WANTRD:—A case of bad health that R-I-P-A-N.

life. One gives relief, Note the word R-I-

 

Spruce St.. New York,

 

A-N-S, lo for 5 cents, may be had at any drug store,
monials will be mailed to any address for 6 ceuts, forwarded to the

S will notbenefit. They banish pain and pro.
N-S on the packave and accept no substitute,
Ten sa:nples aud one thousand testi-
ipans Chemical Vo, Mo. Lv

 
  

 

   
 

  

  

But always just right.

  

BROOKLYN'S WATER SHORTAGE,

 

 

Will Last Night's Heavy Rain Prevent a
Resort to Objectionable Ponds?

Deputy Commissioner of Water Supply Mof-
fatt of the borough of Brooklyn announced
yesterday, after a jong consultation with Chief

DPAAMAVIVLILIVNGBYI3B3AD2DBVN9N9:.903 97993

meWERNCHTAST

A SYSTEM OF UNITS. ~

Never too large or too small—

{CIVIL RULE

|

Engineer Birdseil and Engineers Van Buren |

and De Verona, that the water aupply had be-
come $0 exhausted that within a few days they
would have to draw upon Balaley’s and the
Springfleld ponds near Jamaica, the use of
which has been discontinued since ISHN, Ow-
ing to the nuisances existing along the streams
feeding these ponds, the water was regarded
as polluted, and at one time its use was pro-
hibited by the health authorities, Should Mr
Moffatt now be forced to use these ponds he
will issue a notice advising that all drinking
water be boiled,

Atthe utmost these ponds will not supply
more than 7,000,000 gallons, It was decided
yesterday to install a temporary pump at
Hempstead pond at once, so as to pump it out,
there being about twenty million gallons in it,
which cannot be reached by the present ma-
chinervy, Directions were aleo given for the
removal of the lowest plates of the afflux
gate of the storage reservoir,

Whether the heavy rain of yesterday after-
noon and last night will alter the determina-
tion of the Water Commissioner could not be
definitely ascertained last night, but hope was
expressed that it would

The question of continuing the contract with
the United Stutes(iovernment tosup Vy BOOQ.O00
gallons of water a day forthe Navy Yard, Gov-
ernor's [sland and the Fort Hamilton reser-
vation is under serious consideratio: ie
contract will notexpire until June oO, tur ir
may be terminated on thirty days’ noticy by
either party,

ADOLPH BUSCH FOR EXPANSION,

 

Millionaire St. Louts Brewer a Convert to
the Administration's Policy,

St. Lovis, Mo,, Jan. 11,—Adolph Busch, the
millionaire Democratic brewer has returned
from Washington a convert to the expansion
policy of the Administration, When asked
this eventing if it was true that he had changed
his views on this question, and was in line
“with the aggressive march of American com-
merce" he replied

“You may say that after my interview with
the President, Iam in full and perfect sym-
pathy with the policy he is pursuing. You
may also say that | am an expantionist in the
strongest sense, and T believe the plan as out-
lined by the present) Administration is
A Wise one, because it fa beat calculated
to build up Ameriean commeres 1 believe
those Important islands in the Far Pavifle, are
the natural stepping stones aerose the Paeitlo
to vast commercial possibiiitles in the Opi: nt
Tam impressed with the far-seeing genius of
the plan to inerease and perpetuate American
trade in other countries,”

 

 

 

SQUIRE TAN‘ ARD RESPITED,

Experts Report That He Is Now Demented
and Ought Not to Be Sent to the Chair,
ALBANY, Jan. 11.—-Goy, Roosevelt to-day re-

ceived a report from Dr. Charles L. Dana and

Dr. C,H. G, Steinsieck of New York eity, whom

he appointed as experts to examine into the

sanity of Squire Tankard, who shot his wife's

 
 

sister Chautanqua Lake, near Jamestown,
Inst 7h ndisnowdn Auburn prison awnite
Ing thes xecution ofthe death sentence, The

le ter ofthe experts reads

“The man Souire Tankard was undoubted! s
legally sane at the time of his crime, and the
verdict was just. He how demented and
ought not, in our optnion, to be aent to the
chair, In six months he will bee ther perma.
nently and hopelessly demented, or restored to
aout his ordinary state of health, more likely
the former.”

In view of this report the G vernor haa re.
spited Tankard until duly 1

 

New Vork City’s Collateral Inheritance Tas,

Atpany, Jan. 11.—State Treasurer Jaecke!
to-day received from Comptroiler Bird 8, Coler
of New York city a cheek on the City Trust
Company f New York ¢ SONG, the
amount of New York luteral inherit
Anece tax to be paid the State forthe quarte
ended Deo SB) Inet, This

tnt does n 1
‘Inde the tax on theestate of the inte Cornel us

    

city’s vol

 

| Vanderbilt, whieh Ia stil! ne nding a settioment.

Judgments Not Taxoble in Konsas,

Toprka, Kan, Jun. 11. —The Supreme Court
to-day deelled that neither domestio n or fore
een Jndaments could be taxed in K NSAS
This is important inform at to many Kast.

ern investors

Rare Things In

Antique Furniture

There are Couches among them: there
are Sideboards; there are Odd Chairs and
Hall Pieces,

It is more than likely that the precise
article you s is here at a very
moderate priceless perhaps than you
expect,

Modern Furniture--in stock and to order,

Schmitt Brothers,

( Cor, 25th St. & 4th Ave. } Two
40 East 23d St. Stores.

 

   
 

Two |
Stores. |

 

|

|

| Secretary

i of

IC BOOK CASE.

   

   
       
    

 
 
  

   

FIRST IN CUBA.

WOOD LIMITS THE POWER OF
THE MILITARY OFFICIALS,

 

GEN,

Must Not Interfere Except When the Civil
Authorities Fail—Public Order in Cities
Under Civil Control— Military Rale
to Continue in the Country Districts.

Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sun.
Havana, Jan. 11.—In order to more clearly
define his purposes concerning the relations of
the military and civil authorities in the island,

Governor-General Wood has prepared an order

| which will be fssued to-morrow instructing

the military officials that their powers are
never to be called into service until the civil
authorities have failed to perform their funoe
tions, This is a general warning to prevent
the possible encroachment of the military upon
the civil power.

The order will call attention specifically to
the fact that public order in the cities is under
civileontrol, while in the country districts it
devolves upon the military, because the civil
kovernment there is as yet unprepared to ase
sumethisduty, As before, the rural guard
outside the municipalities will be under mille
tary contro!. All public works, except those of
4 sanitary character, will be in charge of the
of Public Works, Commanding
officers are warned to inspect the prisons in
thelr commands once a month to prevent ths
injustice that prevailed in the past, Gen,
Wood has appointe} Carlos Garcla, a son of the
late Gen, Calixto Garels, Inspector of Prisons,

The order when published will have a
healthy effect on public sentiment, and will
reassure the people that Gen. Wood proposes
togive the Cubans every chance to try their
own hands at government,

Another clash between the civil and military
authorities seems imminent as a result of the
eustoms frauds, Frederico Mora, Fiscal of the
Supreme Court, has written a letter to that
body urging the court to protest to Gen. Wood
against the action of the intervening govern-
ment in allowing Col. Bliss, Collector
Customs, to set aside independence
of action on the part of the Judge
handling these cases, It is asserted
that Col, Bliss will not allow the Judge to prose
ecute any men save those named by him,
Fiscal Mora considera that this is an attempt
to override the civil authority. Col. Bliss’s
alleged purpose in so doing is to prevent the
promiscnous prosecution of witnesses against
those accused by him

Pi Cubano and La Lucha are etill haggling
with Gen, Ludlow. The matter has not yet
been officially brought to the attention of Gen,
Wood, but £l Cutano says that it will do so.
Gen, Wood's action is awaited with the keenest
interest,

BEET SUGAR INDUSTRY,

| An Increased Appropriation to Be Asked

; Sugar

This Year to Pay Bounties,

Jan, 11,—Hepresentatives of the
manutacturers of the State cone
ferred to-day with the State Commissioner of

Agriculture regarding the appropriation to be
asked this yenr forthe payment of the bounty
of] pereent. a pound on sugar manufactured
Besides the factories at) Binghamton an
Kome, which have been in operation for some
time. a new factory, ofa capacity of 500 tons @
day. has heen opened recently at Watertown
and another of similar capacity is to be started
in Wayne county, The State appropriated $380,
OOO for bounty Inst yerr and there was an une
expended balance besides of a like amount.
About $40,000 was paid out during the year,
leaving $20.00900n hand, An inereased appr
rrintion to pay the Lounties isto be asked this
year

ALBANY,

 

  

The Statue of Dr, Sheldon Unvetled,

Ali Rany, Jan. 11,--The statue of the late Dr,
Edward A. Sheldon, principal of the Oswego
Normal School and father of the State system
of normal schools, erected by the children ot
the public schools of the State, was to-day un-
velled at the capitol. It was presented to tha
State by Superintendent of Public Instruetion
Charles K. skinner, and was accepted by Gov,
Kooseve}! Addresses were delivered by
Unite! States onmissionero! Flu ‘ation Har.
ria, Dr W. J, Milne of the State Normal College

 

   

at Albany, Prnewpal Isane Bo Poucher of the
Uswego Normal School, ex-Senator George H,
Sloan of Oswego, and Pr Cornelius ©,
Franklin.

German Fugitive to Be Surrended,

PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 11.—Karl Kyriss, the
German fugitive from justice, who was ar-
rested here several davs ago upon a charge of
forgery and Iarceny, will be gent to New York
to-morrow, where he will be given to the eva.
tody of the Consul for Germany, The papers
ordering his transfor were sent here to-day
trom Washington and placed in the hands of
United States Deputy Marshal Meyers, who
Will accompany the prisoner to New York.

Hanged for Wife Murder.
Pritapecpnra, Jan, 11.~—Robert W. Brown,

colored, was hanged this morni ' -
aing prison for the murder of wi owen

_—_————
IF TOU HAVENT TRIED IT BEFORE

egin now, at Board
onse ‘and Furnished: sone otree,, Boe ve

1 id me
sierra Natale Solas, te gem