PEFEREE WHITE'S RULING.

ARES THAT GEONGR DIXON

Ke
Hee As KNOCKED OU,

All Wagers Should Be Governed
Accordingly Does Not Belleve in Tech-
nicalities= Wide Difference of Opinion
among Sports Over This Particular Point.

There are sev" raul interesting pointe under

yensaion auong sporting men relative to the
ever Dixon fight. Tue Sty has received
jo inquiries as to whether Dixon was
jock ed wut oF not. There ie quite a division
pfopiniva over this, and many bets bave been
qithheld by stakeholders until the matter Ia
detiu'tely settled. Aceording to the Marquls
of Queensberry rules, & man Must be counted
out ineiie of ten seconds to be knocked out,
Thatis to su). In caso of a knockdown, a pugii-
fet nog able (o regain hia feet before ten sec-
onds have elapsed 16 declared “out.” It
matters pot W pether he is conscious or Insen-
aible while the rei#ree does hia counting. Cor-
pet was declared knocked out at Carson City
because. (houwh aware of what was going on,
he did not get up before the tenth second had
been counted, As recently aa New Year's Day
Maher was counted out as @ result of a knock-
down administered by McCoy. Maher was
pertactly conscious, but he could not get upon
hie feet.

Dixon Was Dot counted out on last Tuesday
nigh. His second, Jom O'Rourke, threw up
the sponge Ip order to prevent a knockout
This » as done two seconds before the gong

That

ended the elwhtheround; consequently, it is |

doubtful whether MeGovern could have scored
aoleap knoekout tu Uhat reund. If O'Rourke
had ordered Dixon to begin the ninth round,
he vould have done @o. As a matter of fact,
Dixon was able to walk to bis corner unaided
when the bell ended the eighth round, He was
hopeleasiy beaten, though, and would have
been put to sleep, probably, in another round.

The argument is offered by many authorities
that “koooked out” actually means “knocked
out of time or “stopped,” and that as Dixon

was, virtually “stopped,” as the throwing up of
he neabae wou'd iudfeate, he was practically
knocked oat, but while thie {sa broad way of
jooking at the matter, the fact rema{ne that
Dison was bot counted out by the rerree in

cordance with the rules, The ast time

Yixon was toored the refereo did not have
time to get & count under way before tho
apouge was thrown up, O Rourke agile that
he prevented a knockout fatenttonally,

“l threw up the sponge,” safd he yesterday,
‘in order to prevent Dixon from betng put to
sleep, Thera was no need of such an ending
+) decide the championship ae MeGovern at
thattime Was@sure winner. As the referee
did not count my man out, he wag not knocked
out, and it will be go recorded in al! official
ring records. [didnot know how much time
thare was left for the eighth round to go
when! tirew up the sponge, but I learned
afterward that the gong rang abon’ two
seconds later. Ltried to throw re sponge into
the ring several seconds hefore 1 eucceeded {tn
loing it but was bi eked by the ring ropes,
Dixon was not knocked out and those who bet
that he would he, lose thelr money, :

Referee White bas been ewamped with re-
guests tosettie this matter,and he. made 4
forma! atatement yeaterday to the effevt a
persons who het that Dizon would be knocke
out Win the stakes, White said

“Failure onthe part of a pugilist to goa
certain number of pounds through physical
disability Is a_knoekont in the broad oonge
ofthe word, He is stopped, which means the
same thing, The fact that the sponge was
thrown up to prevent an actual knockout
which might involve temporary insensibility,
strengthens my argument. It would not be fair
to bettors to rule that they should lose their
money on atechnicality, Men who wagered
their cash that Dixon would be knooeke’ eu
with nomention of rounde, or would be knorke
ou’ in eight rounds. or before the limit o
twenty-five rounis woa reached, win their
bets. That te my idea of it and I believe my
ruling should carry ail bets. Dixon waa un-
able to continue as O'Rourke admitted when
he interfered) He was effectually stopped even

though tho actual counting of seconds did not

oceur, He was disabled and could not go any
further. My ruling is based upon common
sense

Tt has been suggested to Tue Sun, in view of
this controversy, that Ip future all beta should
be made with the tneertion of the word “ stop-
ped” instead of “kaocked ont” or “counted
out.” There are many cases where pugilists
are so completely laid out that the referee
does not go through the formality of counting
off the seconds, but thatis the fault of the pre-

iding official, The Broadway A. C.'s referees

Gere oriered by the management some wpe
nao to count out every ras liat when the
oeeasion presented itself, “Knocked ut” isa
technical term that originated whan John L,
Nullivan waa on the road years ago meeting
ali comera, who had a chance to win $50 by
standing up for four rounds. At that time it
was not always the case that John's foes wera
actually counted out, but more recently the
count has become @ necessary adjunct,

Another point at isane in the late feather-
weight fight isthe length of the contest. Seve
eral men who bet that Dixon would last_eleht
rounds have devided that they loat and have
ped up, O'Rourke says that he stopped the

ght before the bell pang and that Dixon did
not complete the round, esuys that the In-
stant the sponge waa in the air Dixon was
beaten and consequently could not com-

plete the round. If tha bell had rung
vfore O'Rourke could have thrown
up the sponge, he says that he

would simply have notified the referse that
MeGovern oonld have tho title of featherweight
champion, as it would have been a merciless
plece of business to permit Dixon to begin the
ninth round, even though he would have been
able to leave his corner and put up his hands
© Rourke further states that John Considine,
one of his intimate friends, lost $500 on thie
roposition, asthe money had been bet that
dixon would last eight rounds,

“Around is exactly three minutas long,”
O'Rouke explaina, “and if a man lasts two mine
utes ang fifty-eight seconds he does not finish
around,”

Other sporting men of experience hold simi.
lar views. A dispute as tothe exact number of
times Dixon was knocked down in the eighth
round has been referred to Tum Sun for ad-
justment. By vetual count Dixon was put
down with Liows five times, although he was
onthe toor seven times, Attheopeningofthe
round he s'ipned down from a rough clinch,
Thena moment later he was wrestled down
from another clinch Neither wae a knoek
down. Thethird time be went down he was

etually punched down by a left hook on the
awandarighthand body blow. After takin
nine seconds, Dixon got up and waa floore
four times more before the sponge. O'Rourke
raid last nicht tha? THe SUN's account of the
knock downs Was acourate.

McGovern's Fature Matches,

If Terry MeGovern and Ben Jordan ever
eome together the match will not be decided In
Fog'and. The recent offer of $3,000 made by
the National Sporting Club, London, for a
twenty-round bout between the pair and
Which was accepted conditionally by Manager
Sammy Harris for MeGovern, has been in-
ereased to 85,000, according to Harris, and the
offer has been made by a loeal club.

Yesterday articles were signed for a twenty:
rount “go” between Jack Ward of Newark and
Me: overn, and will take place at the Eureka
A. (., Baltimore, on Jan, 20. On. Feb, 3, at
Chicago, Terry will tackle Eddfe Santry in a
8iX-round bout. Santry fought Dixon a draw
ind knocked Jordan out. The dato of
the match between Oscar Gardner and
‘ieGovern, Harris said Jagt night, has been
changed from March 2 to Mareh ), and will be
settled at the Broadway A.C. — The Bernstein

neounter has not been shifted and will come
of on March 22 as scheduled, at the same
"Ud,

 

McFadden Refuses to Fight.

Watrrsuny, Jan. 11.—The George Kerwin-
‘eorge McFadden twenty-flve-round bout did
hot come off to-night as expected, MeFadden
refused to meet Kerwin. The injuries McFad-
fen received inthe flebt with Spike Sullivan
Was the cause, His hands are in poor shape.
Matty Matthews of New York was subsituted,

uta Sheriff awooped down ou the box office
and there being no money for the seranpers tha
ste, bout was declared off. Fifteen hundred
‘appointed people left the Auditorium. Inthe
ourth round of the Patsy Broderick-.Jack Han-
‘igan bout, after Broderick had put Hannigan
to the canvas with a left hand hook, the police
nterfered. The referce called the mill a draw,

 
  

MeCoy Refuses to Meet Maher Again.

The possibility of Kid MeCoy and Peter
Mahercomingtogetheragainisslim. Whentho
men Wore matched to ghtat Conoy Island they
’ Ito ‘ot Quwain, winorlose, inasix-round
Nn i at Ch on Jan. 26. MeCoy according
'o Peter Lowery, Maher's manager, refuses to
! rep his ergigement, giving a8 a reason that

fe foos not think the affair will Craw. Maher

ives | TeCoy will agree to a return fight ho
willeonsent to the winner taking the entire
Weceipts, Maher expects to be matehed against
ack Finolg Tho latter hails from Pittsburg.

  
 

agree

    

Wreatling.
hn F. Smit
“tireat Dane,

. manager of Bech O!sen, tho
who is now on his way to this
untry, called at THe Sun offlee yesterday in

swer to the letter of Ernest Rovcber, the
Amercan champion, accepting the Dane's
enge for a match at Greeo-Roman
ne. Smith said that he has aiready

eo $1,000 with “Honest” Joha Kelly to
int aoateh andthat he would meet Roeber
A h Jopresentative at the office of the Police
wz i! on ext Mon ‘ay afternoon at 2 o'elock
 bigo articles of agree went,

 

M'COY AND CHUYNSKI HBADY,

Former Ie Favorite in To-night’s Battle at
tho Bruadway A. C.

Kid MoCoy will tack!e another heavy woight,
Joe Choynaki of California, in the ring of the
Broadway A, C. to-night. Thore wasa time
when Choynski was considered one of the
clevereat boxers and fighters in the profession,

, But from the time that Petor Mahor knocked
; him out at thissame club on Nov, 16, 1896,
| Choynekl has been rated as somethingof a
back number, Still, he is big and strong, and
| has taken excellent caro of himself of late, He
| is 30 years old, while MeCoy {# 26, As the latter
polished off Maher in five rounds and asChoyn-
oki lasted six with the Lrishman, it is not at
all strange that gho Kid has been madva fav-

orite In the betting, 100 to 50,

The fight may bu interesting, however, be»
cause of Choynski’s remarkable cleverness
and ring experience, He outclasses Maher as
aacientist, which leads many persons to be-
lieve that MeCoy will not Ood him such an
easy mark as Peter proved to be. The Call-
fornian fights very much after McCoy's style,

' He is Jight-footed, uses his left as often as
| possible, and knows how to work at long
| range. He fanot rough and believes in taking
histime, As regards hitting ability, MeCoy
has quite an advantage. He is faster than
Choynski {n getting ip and out and has re-
ecived credit fur being the Californian’s master
in sclence,

It is probable that there will be moro betting
on the length of tho battle thaa on the result,
If McCoy was able to knock Maher out in five
rounds,'eporting men are anxious to know how
long it wil! take the Kid to dispose of Choynski,
who !3fasterthan Maser though not the lat-
ter’s equal in hitting.

Tho impreselon in sporting ciroles yesterday
waa that McCoy would win in eight rounds,
The price Jaid on thie is 8 to 5, even money ten
rounds. and the limit 2to Lon MeCoy. Choynaki
fa full of confidence, He says he {s eure of

staying the entire route an‘ feels sanguine that
he hae a fine ohane of seouring the larae end
of the puree. He bas been training hard for
early 8 oath and ts in good condition, Stnve
e arrived hereon Monday he has been work-
{og in ‘ie evpnacius me sere ne we! ha
about nda apd expects foenter tharin
at about yo, Wey will wetgh ahout 1468,
Tur Sux Choynski

 

In a talk with a reporter of

said:

4 have been looking forward to this match
for monthe and have prepared accordingly.
know what MeCoy can do, for l have met him
ou three different occasions. He fsashifiy
fellow, speedy on his feat and all that, buthe
neyer has knocked meout. I may be gettin

| old and ail that, but it fs not so long agotha
MeCoy and mveelf went twenty hard rounds

A Tam going to retire after this year

and if loan add amy lusireto my record by da-

feating McCoy Lam golog to do sy,”
MoCoy has beeu at work for about six weeks,
le trained foor weeks for his meeting with
aher and has only letup (p his labor about
three daya since hep. Tho Kid has this to say

Rome pe oh | s idea that Ch ' sz |
“Bome peoplg have an idea that Choyneri is

a raft mark. #e i! I don’t thipk so and have
trained as hardaslTeverdid. He iscieverand
ehiftvy, and Twill net hold him eheap. [want
to win this Nap because it will compel Bhar
kev and Fitzeimmons to reeogn!ze ma, I want
tokuock him oyt. I wasu't in geod health
wheo we met ia "Frieco, but Lam all right now
and there wil! be another story te relate to-
morrow uight.”

YACHTING,

tu ‘Frisco,

Seawanhakas Wil Make a Feature
Raceabouts and Knockabouts.

The Seawanhaka-Corinthian Yacht Club re-
cently amended the rales governing the kaock-
about and raceabout classes and the new rules
have been sent to all who ure interested tn the
boata, In its letterto the members the Race
Committee says

“Your Race Committee begs to notify you
that it has decide t to make a special feature of
races for twenty-one-foot Raceabouts in the
the summer of li, giving races every Sat-
urday forthe boats belonging to the clubin
this class, and series racea if enough Interest
fs shown to warrant {t. Your committee re
questa that you notify it, if you Imrend to build
or own a boat in this class next summer, aod
whether you are prepare! to race in Oyster
Bay. Fortis Information of those who may
not know the boats, the following ts the defin-
{tion and limitation of the classes:

BACEABOUT.

A boat of this class te intended to We seaworthy
with fairaccon:medations: rigged simply with only
meinedil, fore stay sail, or jib, and spinnaker

Length load water line-—The lenwth of the song
water iine, with full ejuly ment, shall not exeue
twenty-one feet. Pernianeut distinguishing marks

| shall be placed on it at bow and stern
|

of

Beam load water line—Tie beaina the load water
line im kev) boats, hall be at least seseu feet. and in
centre boar, boata at least seven feet pine inches

Freeboird—The freeboard shall be pot leas than
twenty ‘noheson the eadt respective required beams;
| areduction of one inch of the (reebour: alowed for

every docreaee of four inches .n bs am respectively

Diaplacement and Draft—For centrehoard boata
the droft shall be notless thaa three feet for at least
five-feet-length of keel. Al! boats shall weigh when
rigced apd equipped in a cordance w th these @ 48
not less than five thoneand nine liua ired poonda,
Tt shall be the duty of the Luspectorto see that noth.
ing son board when the boat is weizhed seeps
what th sernies preseribe, and that the boat isin
every way ip her normal condition,

Construction~The keel, stern, frame, house and
deck beams shall be of ovk or its equivalent dn

| strength. lhe frames shall not be less than ove
square inch; deck beame not less than one and one-
third square ft) ch section and house beams not lese
than three-fourthaof a s juare inch eection, The
spactng of the franiewsand deck beams is to be not
more than nine inches, centre to centre, and the

Passing not less than five-cighths of an inch fin-

ished,

Sail Area—Theactual sail area shall not be over
siz hundred aquare feet, apd not more than four
hundred and eighty s,uars feet of actual sail area
shall bein the mainsail, The actual area of the jib
is to be measured

Crew—The crew ia limited to three persons, in-
cluding the helmsman (who must be au amateur),

KNOCKABOUT,

A knockabont shall comply with all tho require-
ments of a raceabout class, except as follows: |, lt
shall beakeei boat, 2. it ehal!l not carry a bow-
sprit. 3. The sale ef all consist only of # mein-
ei iandiib. The sail urea shall not exceed 500 feet,
of which not more than 400 feet shall be in the
mainsail,

 

The Old Yacht Grayling Ready to Be
Broken Up,

The once noted racing schooner yacht
Grayling, owned by Latham A. Fish, N, Y. Y.
C., has been hauled out in the yard of
the Greenport Basin and_Construction Com-
pany to be broken up, The boat has abont
thirty tons of lead on her keel and considerable
brass fittings. She had also several suits of
good sails, These went to the purchaser,

American Yacht Club Nominations,

The following ticket has been nominated by
the Board of Trustees of the Amurican Yacht
Club, for election at the annual meeting on
Jan. 15;

Commodore, J. Murray Mitchell, Vice-Commodora,
Henry W. Eaton; Reir Commodore, George V
Ouintard:; Secretary, Thomas L, Suvovill; Treasurer,
Wiliam Porter Allen; Fleet Surgeon, Samuel B.
Lyon, M. 1); Measurer, H, pe B. Parsons; Consult-
jug Engineer, George W. Mages, US, N.: trustees,
J. Howerd Wainwright, Thomas L. Seovill and
Charles A. Gould,

Chess.

The latest reports from Chicago give the
score of the Marshall-Jonston chess match as
follows: Marshall, 5; Johnston, 4;drawn, 2. It
appears that the Brooklyn player lost the ad-
journed game, a Queen’s Gambit declined,
after sixty-s!x movee, while he also lost the

eleventh game, a Counter Centre Gambit, after
thirty-three Moves,

On Wednesday avening Pillsbury played
aimultaneously against t\venty-nine ehess ans
ehecker players at the Chicago Chess Club, He
won nineteen games of chesa, four of checkers
and drew the raat :

The well known local player, Thomas Frere,
who was Steiniizs umpire tn the ex-vham-
pion’s watch againat the late Dr, Zukertort, ia
seriously il! at his house In Bay Ridge, Frera
{gs seventy-nine yoars old ;

The regular monthly meeting of the New York
Interscholastic Chess Association was hold
at De La Salle Institute yesterday afternoon,
The only business of importance was the adop-
tion of the sehedule arranged last month. The
meeting to make final arrangements for the
tournament, which will begin Monday, Feb, 4,
wil! be held on Jan, 24 ¥

A match between the Columbia freshmen
and ateam from sachs Schoo! was played yes.
terday, the freshmen winning by a seore of 24
gamestol's

 

 

Trap Shooting,
LosG Brayeu, Jan. 11.-\ team shoot at

live birds took place at Likwool Park this
afternoon in a blinding southeast storm,
James Sampson and Charles J. Page of Tren-

 

ton. were pitted against Coarles H. Greene of
ths eity an! Beroard Creighton of the lighe
lands, tha fifty- bird race for a purge of S200

The ‘Prenton team won by five birds, ki lita

    

 

45 to their opponents 40. The individual
hvoras Were: Sampson, 23: Page, 22, Total,
45. Greene, 22; Creighton, IS Total, 40, A

 

match waa made alter tre shoot between 4. P.
Cubberiey and Hugene Magee, af fifty oirds,
$100 a side, to be shot on oaturday.

Horses, Harness and Carriages,

No better market is open (o you, providin
our goods are reliable, than the readers of
| BR S8UN—~Ads,

}

| scored the last goal,

 

RACQUETS,
Standing Outplays Latham and Wins Three
Straight Games.

Bostow, Jan. 11,.—Thv Racquet tournament
at the Boston A. A. was made interesting this
afternoon by an exhibition match between
Quincey A, Shaw, Jr, amateur champion of
America, and E, H, Miles, the crack English
amateur, Itwas a fast match and provela
treat forthe large number of spectators pres-
ent. Shaw won the first game by the score
of 15 to 12 and this apparently made him over-
confident for his playing fell off very percep.
tibly, and Miles had no difficulty in taking the
second game by lb to¥. The third game also
went to the Englishman on account of the
Boston man’s habit of playing too near the tell
tale and taking too many chaucea, The score
was 16to 3, Quincy then braced up and by
excellent placing captured the fourth game,
after the score had been tled at 13, by 18 to 15,
The last game wont to Miles by the score of 15
to3. The larter’s service was first class, but
the Bostonian excelled in half volleying, Both
men played hard and 4 brief rest was necessary
{n the fourth game.

The real afair of the afternoon, however,
was the match between Peter Latham, the
world’s professional champion, and George
Branding, professional champion of America,
Latham conceded to his opponent three aces
again but he was outplayed by the New York
Man at every point except placing, aud lost
threo straight games. The scores were: 15 to
6, 15 to Vand 16 ta 13,
test to witness neverthe'ess and the “gailery”
applauded every good play generously, Stand.
ing’s service was wonderful and he scored
bunches of aces several times through expert-
ners in this department,

 

THE SUN,

It was a eplenadid cou. |

Both players used |

the side wall more than the amateurs did. Tho |

Englishm
court near
of ing hit.

Btanding won the toss and qtarted off by
scoring three aces nn hte ne service, tham

n pared near the centre of the
y al! the time, taking greet chances

oa useee sae servioe andt 5. aw |
ork man e ven 6 ve . mak.
Yo his score fs ove. fen vate hada

etx, prinoipa'ly by pine.
ing, Standing aot the two nesessary points ¢
cover in aucessaion, The aeeond game looke

faverable to Latham for a while, but oie op-
ponent got {np a run for six gnd then one for

ve aces, which eave him theagame In'he
last game Letham ‘id abomt ali thetalying
foratime. Then Standing, with the score ¥ to
Bagainst him, counted siz aces, Lathane tied
the acore at laand his o ent eet toe gama
at three points, ht the Tn enemas wor un-
able to score again. Tom eis tt was referee
and Bill Pettitt marker, The scores:

FIRST GAME.

BAREIHH (8)... .ccovcvsevcvevcrerecrevecces
Lasher. eras oop densnbtgsape sss

Aves by service-Standime, 6; Latham, 2. Aces by
pleeing Standing, 5; Latina, 3, Aces by oppo
nent’s miss—Sianding, 4; Lathan, 1.

SECOND GAMA,

st 6 16
401

turn and ceunted ¥

 

3.7 2-15

Ptanding (4)..... 0 6 0 6~IK
Latham..... ev epeeee ge @

A ca by service- Mtanding 4 Latham, 9. Aces by
placing Standing, S: Latham, 5, Aces by oppo-

nent's wias-—standing, o; Latham, #,
TRIPD Gane

FRIDAY,
UNION PROGRAMME WINS,

AGREEMENT SIGNED WHICH VIRTUs
ALLY UNITES 4. 4. 14, AND A. TA,

Important Doings of the Trotting Tart
Magnates at Their Conference Yesterday
Seceding Members Blocked—To Recog-
nize all the Ralings Made by Each Other,

After thirteen years of hostility and warfare,
which operated to the detriment of each other
and of the trotting-horse interest in general,
representatives of the National Trotting As-
sociation and the American Trotting Associ-
ation signed @ treaty of peace at the Murray
Hill Hotel yesterday whieh virtually reunites
the two rival organizations, and makes ther,
to all tutents and purposes, one as
soc.ation with two central offices and two sete of
oMectals, Thisimportant move onthe checker-
board of tur! politics was quite unexpected, as
few persons Were aware (hat any overtures had
been made in this direction, According to the
compact Which was signed, sealed and deliv.
ered yesterday, each assoglation is: bound to
recugnize and enforce a! fines and penalties
impose| by the other the same aa if linposed
by Ita own officlals, The treaty of peace also
provides, in effect, that hereafter no member
of either sasociation can withdraw from
one and jolu the other body whenever
adifference areos between the member and

the parent or central organization, The roll of
each Aassoci-tion for the year of ITSM ia
agreed upon as the permanent basis of
membership, and al driving clubs new on

the roll of eitherthe N. I. A., or the A. TY A,
must stay there or else becorne non-assocla-
tion tracks, forthere can be no more shifting
as in timea past, There is nothing in the
compact, however, to prevent any driving club
from becoming a member of Loth the N. I’. A,
@ud the A. T. A.

Although nothing of the sort appears on the
surface, itis said that this last provision grew
out ofsome rather high-tanded and deflant
actionson part of the N. T, A, mem ber at Louis-
ville last year. It will be remembered that the
Yoard of Neview of tha N. T. A. imposed a foe
of $ ‘HO ngatnst said member in that city for
refusiug to report and collect penalties im-
posed by the judges of the races thera in 1L8Q8,
he President, Hecretary and ail other offl-

,¢clals of the Loutevilie clab were also
eveapended until they compiled with the
ming of the board of Review. As

00 HH!

16010 9)

Standing (3)1090000014021 2-38!
Latham.....9 1312186002098 18
Aces by eervico—Standing, f, Latham. %, Aces by

placing Standing, 4, Latham, 4. Aces by opp

nent’s miss—Sianding, 41 Latha, 4
REQAPITULATION
Total aces by serving -Staoding, 14:
By plating—@eanding 12; Latham, 4
ponents inive—Standing, 11, La iam 7,

Latham, 7.
Aoes by op-

HOCKEY, °

Hockey Club of Now York Deféate tho
Naval Dillitia Handbly.

The Hockey Club of New Lork had little dif-
fioulty in winging from the Naval Militia teem
at the St. Nigholas Rink just night. The Sailors
were unable te defend their goal from the at-
tacks and were beaten by 5 goals tov. The
game began in a seneationsl way, De Casenova
madea goal in fifteen sevot!ts, A iitdhe Inter
T. Phillips made another on a pasa frem De
Casenova, and Russell score! again in the Arst
half. Two goale were made in the second half.
The line-up follows:

  
   
   

Jockey (lwd, Positions Noel Miina
‘lisos veces cess s GBM, .osccvesoosen. Onmpbell
Cunningham . Point.,.. Hornte k
Corry soe seus, Waltou
Ru-ee!! +A, Hornfeok

Tonghman
+++ Roberts
Slack

HK, Phillips
§ Phillips + ‘6
De Lasenova \

Relerse- Callender, & N
and Paulding. Goale-De Oasenova (2), 8. Phillips,
Russell (2).

The handful of spectators that braved the
storm of laat night to attend the Clermont Ave-
nue Rink, Brooklyn, witnessed an interesting

hockey sope The opposing teams were from
the “Poly Prep” Schoo) of Brooklyn and the
Stevens Inatitute of Hoboken, It was fas’ play
from atartto finish. The Brooklyn boysh
their own in the first haf, the -ecore being a tie,
gonl each. In the second half Mhiebler
scored for Stevens ob & pass from Watkins.
Shiebler made the néxr qa! unassisted, and
Hoffmann, ase sted by Baldwin and Warkias,
tevens won the game by

he New York Intaracholastic Hockey Com-
mittee held a meeting at Drisier School yaster-
day afternoon aod mate all arrangements tor
the eham Honships. ‘Che games will be dectdod
in the St. 3 ig fas Rink, and, with the ascep-
tion of the fima!l game, all will be decifed in
the afternoon, ae chyypploasht game will
be decided on Feb. 24. The sehedule follows:
Jan, 94, Cutler vs, Columbia Grammar; 24, Dwight
vs, Berkelev; 81, Drisier vs. D- LaSalle Inetitnte,
Feb. 7, winner Orst yame ve. winner th rd game; 10,
winner first esme vs. winner second game; 44, win-
ner second game vs. winner third game,

Oampringr, Jan. 11.—The Harvard hockey
team won the first game of itarewolar schedule
from the [natitnte of Teehnelogy team on the

ew rink at Soldiers’ Fleld this aftern sun,

arvard roshed the “Tech.” team off ita feet
in the early stance of the game, and won by 10
tol, The “Teoh.” men scored In the last few
minutes of y. Stoddard, the "90 Yalo cap.
talu, was referee, The ring was in g00d shape
as far as the hockey parka were concerned,
and the cold weather gives promise of allow-
Ing the remainder of the enctosnre to be cov-
ered with a skating surfnee within a dayor two,

 

  

4 grelato}

 

  

 

 

Baseball.

Mirwavgegr, Jan. 11.—There is evidently a
great deal more to the new American Associa.
tion than many of the baseball magnates in
the Nutional League care to admit, Acting
President Quinn of the Association said to-
day:

“Four of the Western people have signed the
bonds for $10,000, and each one has put up
$250 to carry on the work of organizing. The
bonds willbe taken East within the next ten
days and signed there. The money is up ino
the West, so our rivals cannot say it is all
boast. I have good news from the Fast, in
fact, matters have progressed go far that we
will call our meeting within ten days and com-
plete all detatis of organigntion. Tho mag-
nates have laughed at us about getting
into New York, but wait until we show our
hand and eee where the laugh comes in. Don't
bo surprised when you hearthat Baltimore is
in the Association. As for McCarthy dropping
us in Boston, why it is simply an effort to throw
others off the track. We have a lease of the
park at Charles Kiver. President Young said
we could not touch players under reserve
Well, we differ with him and will prove that he
is wrong.”

Old Penn and Stegg’s Men Wil Play Base-
ball at Philadelphia, ~

PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 11,—Coach Stog@ of the
University of Ch cago, visite |the University of
Pennsylvania this aternoon to arrange the
baseball contest between the two institutions,
Nothing definite was decided exoept that
Chicago wil! play oue game on Frankiin Field
during the (rs! week in June. In all probabtliry
no game will be played by the red and blue at
Chicago, as it was deemed inadvisable.

Contests at N.Y. U. for the Banks Cups.

‘She first preliminary contest in the annual
{ndoor competition for the Banks cups was
held at the New York University gymnasium
at University Hetghts yesterday afternoon,
This was the first competigion under the
newly adopted rules and there was much In
terest shown in theevents, There were about
lifty entries and nearly all competed. It was
evident thatthe man were not doing ail they
‘ould, but were holding back [n order to ge.
eure iarge handicaps. If this keeps up a
ehaoge will probavly be mauve in the rules,
The results fo] ow:

High Jamp—Jones, 1902, 6 feet 10 incles; Lrwin
5 feet 4 inchs; Wilding, 1002, Hyatt, 101, and
Macc racken, 16°00, 4 tee’ DLinches: Mi lleson, @ feet

iuebes; Banninu, 102, 4 feet # inches, and Al-
nehea,
Put—Lane,
1, 20 fort Hinehes

len, 4 feet |
Shot

190%, Bt feet inches; Jones,
Denchf-ld, 1901, 30 feet 2
» drwon, uv feet, Mayell, 1:00, 28 feet 8
» Kraft, 1W08, 26 feet 7 inches, Wilkinaon,
1HO0, 24 feet, Fernald, lo 1, 94 feet 6 inohes
Five-Lap Kun (440 Yards)~Denchfleid, 1v01, 67
4-5 seconds, Trede, 1905, 50 3-5 seconds: Reese,
1001, 6% 4-6 seconds; Molleson, 1800, 41 2-6 BHe-
ouds; Barron, 1900, 63 seconds; Wilkinson, 1y00,
68 4-5 wecondes, MacCracken, (00, U4 5-5 seconds

The first six men in each event will qualify
in the first contest, which will be held on De-
wonstration Day, March 30,

 

8. C, Umpires—Davis |

  

tiatters stood before the New York conference
and before the treaty of peace was signed. It
would have been possible for the Loulsvile
club to withdraw from the N.T. A. and join
the A. T. A,and go on racing as before. In-
deed, this waa the programine which most
horsemen expeoted to see carried out. but
aome of the high officia's ofthe A. T A. as well
as tha NT harnened to have a grievance
agalost Loulselle, for that elul had atennad ib
and namedthe dates belonging to the Verre
Haute club, of whieh W. P. Ijams, the Prosi.
dentoft the A. TA. is the leading spirit and
execative head. [np order to avotd a clash wit

Louisville last year Terra Haute was compe ite

 

SS se

to surrender the position in the cireuit woteh |

it hes held for nany years and be content with
What was left after the Keanrucky club hed
chosen {ta dates. There was npard feeling on
acount of this episode, aud lame and hia
tienda, who controlthe A. T. Ao were not siew,
‘oP to the gossipa, {n embracing the
ent opportanity to square aecounts with
isville.
\uother notable case which halped to bring

  

Ane

 

about the reeiproea! treaty was that of the
Wheeling Fair Assoctation, whos: offears werg
fined for suppressing the ‘roe time made in
racesaf the tro ting meeting there two years
ago. The assoelatian with ‘raw from the VY. T
A and immediately joined the A. T. A. of

whieh it fa now a member
Yesterday s compet
tion to make and ovate

  

edgea each assoela
fain a uniformity

 

rules for harness racing. As soon asthe vcpee.
ment had been sianed the members of the eon.
ference aet to work to compare the racing

co tes of the two associations witha view to re.
commending auch amondments aa will make
the National ap Aineriean rules tfantiesl in
al] essential features, Tnalir work wiil be au)
mitted to the approaching eone@reases of the
twoasso@ations ni when ratifie! will make
eifective the work doae by the conference
here, FPollowine i8 a copy of the agree-
ment:

Whereas, The National Trotting Ass ciation and
the American Trott n- Assoctation believing it to be
to the beat inte est of the hreediog and trotting
interest o the entire cenntry that the two as.octa
tions actin harmony tn the @ivernment of races and
all eontingent inatters pertaining tiuereto, it is
theretore

Reselerd, That all ties or other penalties im-
posed by wither perent assoglation shall be recog
nived and enforced by the other parent assoctation
throng’) ite members and otherwise, the same as
thonsh frnpoeed by itsel?

That the membership of 189A is hero >y recognized
AAA permaneDt men berah p of euch par nt assocta-
ton. and th t neither parent saociation will rer
In memoerahin mwembera of the other assoc wion
unless they continue their membership in the other
parent assovia‘ion

We will endeavor as ranidiy aa poasible to make
and maintein @ uniformity of rules and will aid each
other in all matiers calculated to promote the trot-
ting interest.

This agresioent shall remain in force from this
date until changed by mutnal aercement

PP Johnston President N.T. A; W. H. Gocher,
Recretary NT. A; W.P. Liams, President A. T. A,;
JOR Stelnor. Socretary A. TA

Davie Bonner Gaorze W. Archer, William Russell
allen ane Edward C. Lewis, menLers of Joint Com-

tHe,

 

 
 
 

Knickerbocker A. C, Entertain the Women,

The women friends of the Knickerbocker A,
C. crowded the c'ubbouse at Forty-fifth street
and Madison avenue yesterday afternoon and
evening, where an entertainment consisting of
many varieties of sport was provided,

After dinner the guests were ushered to
the @ymnasium where a thrilling series of
exere'sea were performed by the members
of the New York University gymnastle team,
Tho clases under the direction of Prof. F. H,
Cann, accomplished many dif¥cult feats in
finished style. Exhibitions were given by tho
following:

Horizontal Bar—F. J. Belcher, B, H. Belcher, M0. L.
Berry and J, 0 Hermann

Parallel Bers—f. J. Belcher, J. O. Hermann an?
B. B, Belcher,

ub Swinging—N. H. MacCracken

fide Morse—¥. J, Belcher, b, H, Walton aud B. H.
Belcher.

A ee ra race for club members was won t
QO. Herring with Charles MeClelian second,
The programme inthe gymnasium wound up
witha been et ball ane between iy Knieker-
bookes 4. and St. John’s Y. M.C. A. of Pater-
son, The “eherry diamond” viayers won bya
score of I8to 2.

An aqiatic programme, which proved the
most enjoyable part of the day's sport, con-
cluded theentertainment. W.C, Miljler swam
an exhimition 100 yardain the fast time of 1
minuls 02-5 seconds, Atub race, thar cansed
sonsiderable merriment, wax won by L. de PB.
Handiy with G, U. Van Cleaf second, and

Thompson third, The grand finale
was an exciting water polo game be! ween two
club teams, which was notable for the vat ADp-
pearance of thaclubehampion, Harry Reefer,
since hia return from Canada, Aftera flerca
contest the game eidedin a tie, each team have
ing two goals to its credit,

 

Billiards,

Three games were played inthe Knicker.
bocker A. C, tournament yesterday. F. W,
Andreas won the first which was in the third
section, He was playing 90 against J. Cc.
Davies’ 70, and run out when the latter had
tallied 61. J, A. Hendricks put up a star game
inthe first section at fourteen-inch balk line.
He was playing 125 to 75 o0f his opponent, P,
Paddock. Hendricks won in seventeen innings,
aided by high runs of 34, 14 and 11, Tho last
ame between O. M olsom, ®5, and M
Josburger, 80, Woe the most exeting playod
Inthe tournament. Folsom was thirty po nts
aheado’ hiamo) in the forty-seeond inning,
whon Liesburger took an tnexpected brace.
He rushed up with runs of 16 and 10, palling
outa winner inthe fiftieth inning withan un-
Onished run of four

 

Ibe La Nalie Institute Boys Perform.

The regular monthly games of the De
La Salle Institute A. A. were hell in the gym-
nasium yesterday afternoon. The youngs‘ers
were in good form, H. Connolly distinguished

 

himeelf by putting the shot 37 feet 9 inches
He isimproving vanidiy and will bea worthy
opponent in the ehampionehips Summary

Potaro Race, diaint

 

Won by F, Godwin; PL Rows,

 
  

seoond, J. Amavaya, third

Porato Race, Senior Won by J. Thorp: J. Sheedan
secon’; J. Keel vr, third .

Running Highdump, JuniomWon by G. Bovle
with @feet \, wolwtn, second; J Amavaya, third. |

Rent Aish Jump. Senior—Won by J. Keeler
with i feet loinches; B. Ridder, second: J, Thorp,
third,

Pitting the Twelve Sound Shot -Won by HH. Con-
nolly, with 47 feet wn T. Thorp, second; J,
Thorp, tuird

Country Property To Let or For Sale,

Surprising results are often realize | in de-
parting from well-beaten patns, Bear thisin
mind when placing your advertising, If your
properties are really desirabie, among Tus
BUN's readers may be foun! a purchaser by
your making knowo througn the advertising
columns the localities aud the advantages.—~

 
 

70 EXTEND THE @R4ND CIRCUIT.

 

W. FP. Ijams Proposes a New Programme
for the Harness-Racing Campaign.

W. P. Ijams, the President of the Terre
Haute Trotting Association, who ts at the
Fifth Avenue Hotel attending the conference of
the harness-racing magnates, wants to aee the
Grand Circuit reorganized and extended this
year,

“The Grand Circult,” said he to a reporter of
Tre Sun yesterday, “ought to cover the entire
season of important harnese racing and include
allot the leading trotting tracks of the East
andthe Middle West. Under the present ar-
rangement the Cireult comes to an end #ix
Weeks before the season is over, leaving tho
campaigning stables to scatter and go in all
directions, some to one meeting and some to
another

“What additional cities would you like to see
included in the league and what route would
you propose?” asked the reporter,

“Those are matters for the stew irda to con-
sider and arrange, of course,” was the reply;
“but my idea would be some arrangement like
this: Open the Cireult at Detroit, as usual, in
Jaly, which {s about the time that most of the
high-class horses are ready to begin their cam-
palan. From there go to Cleveland, then to
Columbus and perhaps to Fort Wayne, if they
want to come in. Or go from Columbus to
Duffa'o, then to Glens Falls, Boston, Hartford
end New York. That wild our the seuson to
tho second week in Septefbor, when the Cir-
cu lLosually ends f

“After the last of the Dasiern meetings the
horses begin to tura in the direction of Lex-
tagton for the Kentucky Breeders’ meeting tn
October. Now 1 woold extend the Grand Cir-
cult so as to ineinde the Lexington event aud
would take the horses there by way of Pitts-
buraand Terre Haute. There is a new one-
mile track at Pittsburg and all the conditions
peom to be favorabie for one of tie best trot-
ting meetings in the country. Aw for Terre
faute, we have given trotthug meqetings ther
orten years Paget that were up tothe Gran
Cireult standard, although we never have besa

embersof tnat circuit. We want to join the
be ‘eague in 1 and hope to eet the dates
preceding those of the Lexington meeting.

ae

RACING,

 

In a Close Finish at New Urieans Monon-
aah Wins,

New Onieans, Jan. 11.—Racegoersthia aftar-
noon were treated to a “hair raising” Anish
between Pan Charm, the favorite, Monongah,
second choice, and the $0 to 1 shot Etidorpha,
inthe one mile and three-eighths selllug affair.
Pan Charm laid oat of itw bit too long und uot
until he was half way down the stretch was he
able to catch the othertwo. A ding-dong fli-
{sh followed, and to nearly everybody it looked
like w dead heat between the three. The
judges, however, gave Monongali the race, with
Pau Charm second,

Inthe first race Lord Fairfax was a top-
heavy favorite and won in agallop. Barney I’,
despite his ugly-looking race { several days
Quo, was the faver.te inthe one-mile dash for

hrea-year-olds. He looked all over a winner

ithe stretch, but when challenged by Tickful
nie final etri¢es was beaten 4 haif length
The two eboleea, Trebor and Prospero, tn the
fourth race, a eubstitute for the han leap, were
outrun from theater. The winner turned uv

 

   

   

 

 

   

fn Col. Cassidy, who beat Jim Hoge a length
fu a drive ord Neville finished second, hut
wae ris qualified for fouling Lexington Pirate,
Summary

ral Ktvoe- Four-year-olde and apward; alx fre
lon —Lore irfax, 105 Med yat toSand 1 to
2, samivel, 102 ARer), Sto 1 place, Be
ond. Scottish Grit, 100 (Hotheisall), third, Time,
ile.

s cond RaceThree-vearolds; one malle-Tickful
108 Bolwad), 7 to 1 and 2 to 1, wou, Barney &., 107
(ClLiweon,, even for plese mod, Lhe Bobby, 102

ioharde), third,

T irl Kace—Selting; fonr-year-olle and upward;

‘ mie aud thr-e-elglthe—-Monongah v7 (Wed-
Gervetrand,, 4to land $¢to2, won: Pan Charm, lov
(Bind. | to % for place, second, Et.torpha. we
(lose, third, Time, 2 minutes 27» #econ ds,

Fourth Buce—Selling, fouryear-ol4z and upward;
eceven furlonge—QOel, Caesidy, ioe M Joynt), dtol
aid gto l, won, Jim Hog, »7 (Weddere: and), 2 to

for place, exond rebor, 105 Belaud, third,
Time, Dr tnute 82 seconds,

t Ch Uace—Selling. feuryear-clds and apward;
cue mile and twenty yarde—Judge Qnivle , 104

MeJoont) 1Stotami sto J, won, Waterorest, 102
(if tone), 4 to 5 for leg. second; Lexineton Pirate,
106 W.akSeld), thir me, | Minute 47 seconds,

The fellowing {s the programme for to-mor
row;
First Rave—Sixand a half furlonzs—Albert Vale,

106. Island Prince, 107, Agitator, 106; Watercrest,
L. T, catop, Manlius, Wiggins and Sea Knight, 102;

| Pewnesa, vi.

Bee nd Race—Six furlonge—Churakeene, 114;

' Major Manair and Hardie L. 111; Vituria and Mate

S: epson. lov; Polly Baby and Sadie Burnam, 106;
Dr, Fann.e and Uheri, oA
Shird Race--Selling; one mile and seventy yards—

King Bikwood and Howitzer, 101; Blidad, #4; Over-
ami, vt: Good Order and Atantus. v5; Joe Doughty,
Phidias and Liew Anna, #4, Prinog’s Murphy, xs,

VYourth Kaoe--Sel.ing, ope mile and seventy yarda,
Rusiiields, 104: Blue Leck, 104; Forbush and fom
Kinesiey, 105. Col, Cluke, 101; Outrasser, vs; Miss
Dooley, #4, Harry Preston and Ublers, #6

Pitth Race—Seliing, seven fn longs “Dr. Parker,
Cathedral and Old Fox, 104; Moo Ne Ile, Sidt Ua
ané Bright Night, @4: Jnanetta, ¥4; Match Bos, vi;
Bister Fox and Mouzeltoff, v2.

Bannockburn Wins Als First Race in Cali-
fornia,

San Francrsoo, Jan. 11.—-High-class racing
was enjoyed by a big crowd at Tanforan Park
this afternoon. Barney Sehrieber’s great horse
Bannockburn won hfs first bracket tn Califor-
nia and set a new one-mile mark for Tanforan.
He raced off in the lead with Rosormonde,
killed her offand then stood off Malay’s cha'-
lenge, winning cleverly by a neck in 1:40.
The Lady, at the juicy odds of 15 to 1, cap-
tured the San Bruno Stakes at one mile, win-

ning from start to finishin 1:41. The only
ones that gotciear of the bunch hesides The

ar were Bee Bee and Anjou and both tired
attheend. Advance Guard was the best horse
in the ra¢e and could not have lost with any-
thing like an even break, He worker his
passage clear from behind and wag beaten by
only a length and a half. F, W. Brede was
third, The other winners were; Upper Crust
Rebel” Moadowthorpe, all 15 or better, and

ep Ledl. Bannockburn was the oaly favorite
and,

Annual Meeting of the Jockey Ciub.

The annual meeting of the Jockey Club was
held yesterday afternoon, Those presot were:
August Beimont, J. O, Green, J. B. Haggin,
Andrew Miller, F. K. A@turgis, James Galway,
H. K. Knapp, F. RB. Hitchcock, P, Gebhard and
A. F. Walcott.

Thes cretary’s and treasurer's reports for
the year were read. August Belmont, J. H.
Bradford, James R. Keone and F.K. Sturgis
were reciected stewards fortwo years, Para.
graph one of part seventeen of the racing rules
was amended to read as follows:

In races not of boatea dead heat for tho firet place
isto be runoff on the same day, at the tino the
stewerds appoint, but atan interval o* not leas than
twenty minutes. uniees the race admits of division
andthe owvere ayree to divide. Bucifthe hor os
running a dead heat b two yeas@ old, the dead heat
shall not be run off and owners slall divide.

United Bowling Clubs Present to Admiral
Dewey.

Barrimong, Jan, 11.—Last night the Ameri-
ean Bowling Congress finished its work witha
banquet, The big fight of the day, for the
next convention, ended ina victory for Chicago.
Loulsville made a hard battle for the honor.
The election of offleers resulted as follows:

Dr. H. Timm, New York, President; W. V. Thomp-
gon, Chicago, First Viee-Presidest: Julius Mo. ers,
Boaton, Secoud V.e¢-Pr-sident; & Karpf, Ne York,
Beerctary. George P, Siarke, Astor Trea urer;
Toomas A Curtis, Brooklyn; Theodore D. Be. ter,
Baltimore, Charles Hermann, Lenwville, and &
Langhanimer, Chicago, Executive Committee,

W.V. Thompson, Chicago, won the Timm
trophy, rolling & score of 192 against twenty-
two contestants,

At LO ow'oek this morning the committee ap-

jointed by the United Bowling Clubs of New
Wk eft Unton Station for W ashington to
present to Admiral George Dewey, an honor.
ary mewiber of the organization, a get o! hand.
soipely engrossed aud framed resolutions, and
to invite him to roll the first ballof the inter-
national tournament to begin in New York on
Joly tinext. Tha comm tee was_caniposed
of Dy H Timm. Joseph Thumm, John Moja
and Joho Schilling. They wets accompanied
by the m@jority of the New York delegates
and by the Westerners

The mateh between Chicago and New York
men bolds tlre, Attempts have been made to
begin With @ mateh between loeal talent and
the Chicagocns, the New Yorkers to meet the
victoia, DUt AS yer notine has heen fixed for
the bewiuning of the dua! engagement,

A. A. U. Swimming and Water Polo Cham-
Plonshipa,

The A. A. U. swimming and water polocham-

 

 
    

plonships will be hejdat Boston under the aue-
picies of the Maseachusetta Sportsmen's (ssot
elation from Feb, Veto Mareh JO, ioeinstve,
Fhe following are the event+

SwoumMing—Sist ard, sO-yard, los ard ”
yard, Terverd, 2o0-yara and i st-yard selay races
fourm one

Vater P per all o'nb and lieuwe teu
hot nieve ‘ ereny

DAvite Claup ous ous i yp bu
lar, sOWereeull, je hife, (ach jackknite if
dive, front dive and two combinati ne

Entries close on Feb. 13 with John Graham,
ton Ae A.. Exetor street, Boston,

 

Brooklyn Advertisements.

~

wwe on i
eee a

“The

“

               
     

 

Early Bird

catches the worm’’ is a quotation never more

applicable than in the case of our mark down

sale now going on.
lots of Men’s and Boys’

This sale consists of broken

Suits and Boys’ Reefers.

Some of these goods are marked at one-third of
their former prices and the early customer secures

first choice. We have

not a large quantity of

them and they’ll all go in short order at the fole

lowing prices:

Men’s Suits—turmerly $10.00 to $20.00, us: seceeneeeNow $7.50

Boys’

Bove’

B ys’

Suits (ages 14 to 19)—formerly $10.00 to $15,00........Now $7.00
Vest Suits (ages 11 to16)—formerly $6.50 to $10.00..Now $4.98
Suits (ages 6 to 16)—formerly $5.50 to $6.50.........Now $3.95
Suits (ages 6 to 16)—formerly 84.00 to $5.00. 2... Now $3.9
Suits (ages 6 to 16)—formerly
Boys’ Reetors ‘ages 3 to 16)—formerly $5.00 to $10.00
" These garment# are made in the best manner from all wool

33.00 to $3.50.......26 a Now 81.98
ae .. Now $3.98

material, their only fault being in not having a full line of sizes im

each style.

CALEB Y.5

      

BOWLING,

, '
The Spartans wero left #0 farin tie rear by the |

fouth Paw and Orchard teams that the first two
American Nationa) tournament gtmee last night
| prov mne-s.ded affairs. In the second con-
test the Orchards rolied tie record mara of the s6a-
The acores

AM?

4+; Matien. it
ot), soo
Med 178
ns, 17 Total

Boys’
Be vs
|

dite he

oon ia this competition
ViRSL

S:artan—Wingenfel }. 1
on, 150, Miter.)

Weatberg,

  

Ren-

voa

w—Bierschewk, 214

andekar, 15; Jenk
ECON AME.
Spartan—Wingenfeld, 1 Matven, 197
2458, Conion, 16°); Mauer, 215. Lotal, ea
hord—Bnillwinkel 21 Bu hhols,
@ebroeder, 212, Scuwaebe, Wilckens,

Total, !

Westberg,

202

 

aii.

ibe,

THI
whenk, 18

GaMe

Bouth Paw
dell, 15"

Orchaid
Kotr
Total, +5’.

Medi ne, Vi

Yon
. tal, 7

 

J ins,

 

a
loe7

il) ! “1 Bu '
4 Sohwacke, 160; Wilckens

eer

the Our Own team

nt Jast night,

wou hy

Hall tourpam

Two mo
jn the Macnuuer
Lhe sores

e gamete we
hor

PiNST GaMr
14 Fok Neuen-
15

Our Owr feLenfell, 1 189
dorf, 1685, + ves, Je, Marun, 224. Total,
Navatoe—} i 4 Bpaullir las; (
156; Hohmejer, 172, A. Fogt, 13¢ I

Totel, 758
rEOOND GAM
1h1; E khoff, 161; Neuen’
Martin, 12. Total, 705

Spaeuliime, 2 Coe,
Total, 74.

on,

Hahenfeld

vers, DST

Our Own
dort, 194; Str

Navehoe—-Boimeke, 175
10¥; Hobmeyer, 138; YH. Fogt, it

The following wanes were rolled on Wednesday
bight tn the Thirteenth Reginent tournement:
Fist ME,
Company L--Lew's, 11 sandilands, 111, Nerrie,

 

Kioser, sf, Hinserlise,

Company di—Wandall, 114
Total, 406.

03; Pendergrast, 03; Hedges, 54
FOURTH GAME
Oom pany D—Newmsn, 159; Dohbrmann,
100; Craig, 106; Me
Company M--Hedurs, 155
109; Hendricks, $5; Mandell, 108
FIFTH GAMPF,
1%2
138, Me

75: Dnsen-

kes. 168, Total, 76,
Roser, 80; Pen Jeryrast,

Vowl, 618,

berry

 

Dohripann,
kes,

117;

Company D—Newman, s
Total,

Dusenberry, 165; Craig, 1u4,
een,
Company F—Hilland, 163; Morris, 111; Moss
crop, 122, Reichbold, 165, Weraus, 147, Total,674,
The North Side League tournament games at
Pump’s alley
lows:
FIRsT GAME.
Vernon--Back, 15); Winters, 142;
Jor lan, 164; Gross, 119, Total, 787
Orchard—Ovhs, 185, Karpt, 1!
Bteffens, 144; Wilckens, 185
BFUUND GAM,

Conlin, 167;

Lankenau, 161;

 

    

Sehroeder, 181: Lankenau,
164: Stetliens, 167, Wilek na, tus. Total, arb,

Empire--Potts, 125, Houaser, 181; Hammond, 180;
Bcbuildt, 150, Sob], 162. otal, 715,

TAIRD GAME.
1657; Winters, 100; 181;
Gross, 17 Total, $12

Eimpire-Potts, 12: Heusser 155, Hammond, 181;
Behmidt, 143; Sohl, 167, Total, aso,

Orchard —Oche

Vernon—Back, Ceniin,

Jordan, 147

Wednesday night's Columbia League games re-
eulted as follows:
FIRST GAME
Standard—Koehler, 186; Allison, 157; Tobin, 167;
Thowpaon, 150; Wyman, Iss, Total, 448
Hamilton—-Church, 176, Bramley, 111; Hunt, 170;
King, 105; Moynahan, 175, Total, 747,
BECOND GAME
Hamilton—Church 160: Bramley, 168; Hunt, 148;
King, 117; Mornahan, 141. Total
Finpire—Shiman 1468; Stoff, 179; Young,
Voorheis, 176; Arnold, 156. Total, 565.
THIRD GAMY,
Allison, 15"; Tobin, 185;
TAR
Young,

 

74
187;

Standard—Koeh ler, 105
Thompson, 154; Wyman, 145._ Total
Stoff, 4s,
Total, su7

Empire—Shiman, Is 165;

Voorheis, 1¥8, Arnold, 283,

In the Harlem League tournament games at Thum
& Kahlsdorf’s alleys
were:

on Tuesday night the seores

FIRST GAME
Morris Wheelmen--MacDonaki,
16s; O Neil), 18¥; Sehwaser
tal, BUS
Coriuthian—L. Mulford, 210; T. Walter, 149;
Theyson, 164; W. Multord, 158; Landman, 223, Tr
tal, vid

189;
137; Gibson, 152.

Hunken,
To-

st

Morra Wheelimen -
218, O'Netll,
Total, 851

Lotus—Warmuth 2
172; Kehm, 377;

IND GAME,
MacDonald
Mi?

nT
Gibsou,

Hunken,

148; Schwayer, las

5; Heath, 168: Modersohn,
Total, v4

THIRD GAMY.

Gerdes, lye

Mulord, 1f4; 1
Mulford,

Walter, 189;
Laudman, 190,

Corinthian — L
Theyson. 175, W 193;
Tota), «01.

Lotus

124; Rehm, 157,

Warmuth, 142, Heath
Gerdes, 183.

138; Modereohn,
Total, 73”

The Bleeckers continued their wi
the Arlington National
Lhe scores

ning streak fn
urnawent Weduesday night,

FIRST OAME
Manb, 145; Mackey, 117; Kalb, 124; Sny-
tal, bod.
Wena 192;
115. Total, 7382
OND GAME
Mackey

u t 2.

Amity
der, 12 renson, #7
Eilison—Selim tt, 12

Holy

 

Roth, 127;

174; Rerse

Daub, Hessig; 108;

live

Amity

109;
Snvile 1
Nhe
Ble

 

Total, #1)
Wragyve. 151, Bonneau, 199;
tal. S64.

Sleeckar—Bea
Rosenberg, 162; Better, hiv. 7
IRD Game
i Wenzel, 157;
#158, Total, sti
14; Bonneau, 147;
rotal, #4i

Fdison-~ Roth, 142;
Holme, 174

bleecker

nberg. |

 

Wrage:
ter, ids, T

 

Nk

 

The Actin

n ‘Sitonal Tournament games on
Tuesday night 4

rited am folk
FIRST GAMF,
Dewee. 161: Jackson, 149
1?1. 4. Kineken, Loy
fe les, 112; Donn
» Schlichte, 166,
KECOND GAME
Dewss. 1 F. Kiticken,
A KRineken, 10
Punean, 148, Lan
re, lan Tota ’
THIRD GAM?
1h: Dannefelser,
» 116, Setuliw lite
180,
re, 177

Whi

  

 

r
!

Rlacken, 183;

    
  

  

* Bach-
Total, 747.

 

18A; Jackeon, 154
lotal, *Se
wl; Leask,

Jotte, 130, Mf nA

 

Gotham—Heiles
man, |
Home 1

122

158, Bach-
Total, 7x7

131

+,

seater wi
Tantry

Total

Danear

M

Leask,
Cotte, 145

Follow.nu res were rolled in the Fire Inwurance
League tourniment on Tuesday night

FIRST Game

 

  

< ! Esselmont, 139; Willard, 121;
arlee, 2:7) Patal, 772
j wes Ww) Ache mon, 145: Booth, 12
' iondricks, 1d9 Portal, 71
kos AMP
Ninvara Co! om; I ont, 147; Willard, 12
| Furneas, | Barley, 1 tal, 16
.:.@ n-D la rt: Rea 147; Fornes:, 154
Gialliw Burdick, 140 lotal 1
Hikb \MF
; a 1 A ian, 21 Booth, 117;
Welle d 1 [= Total, 71
Queen—-P ubl cay » Res, 146, Furness, 106;
' Gal.awar. | Suraiek, 159 Total, 606,

 

| The Adironiack end Coiumbia tecme lost their j Sievs

s on Wednesday night resultedas fol- '

!
109; Stacey, Liv, Keid, 125. Total, 672,
Cotnpauy I~Porteis d.
BECOND G4MF,
Company L—Lewis 11s: Ban lilands, #7; Nertie, ,
18; Sticey, 125; Revd 10%. Total, 682.
Hospital Corpa—For! ited,
' HIRD GAME,
Company F—Hilland. 107; Morris, 12% Mosacrop f
104, Relobold, 87; Werans, 121, Total, 624,
|

You make a mistake if you do not come early,

eee

MITH, Manager.

5G

Ave,

 

 

| first galue in the Bay Ridge tournament on Wedpe®>
| Cay night. The scores:
VinstT Game.

| _ Monday Night Clutb—Q@, Martin, 176; ©, Marta,
133; Wicks, } Nye. Lis, Self, 158, Total, 788,

  

j Colo biaNicholsonm, 10s: B. Spabn, 118; Austim
145, Liedetan, liv, G, Spahn, 166, Total, 70,

| SKCOND GAME,

| Adirondack —Hesser, 121; Hentwald, 101; Throng,

; ifs. Mayer, 154, Saaim, 160. Total, 754,

|. Monday Night Club-C. Martin, 120; Wicks, 18%

; Nye, 160, G, Martin, Lod; Self, 164, Total, 702,

| THIRD GaME.

|  Colmbia-Nieholson, 170; E. Spahn, 179; Austia,

} Tae, Tiedetaan 17: G, Spahn, 148, Total, 830

| AUP ndack—Hesser, Lov; Hentwald, 174, Thrung
140, Mayes, loo, Seam, dil, Total, 738,

| The Past New York tournament games at Helgan's
@Leyson Wednesday bight resulted as follows

| FIKST GAME,

Leo 162; Stevens, 148; Davis, 16%,

| Imperial 2

 

| Huuter, lwo; Tbyne, 213. Total, 807.

Wh ui e- Canute, 166; Hatten, 190; Bpencer,
1 A. Shiduore, 198, Matthews, 18%. Total, 878&
HECOND GAME,

Imperial, 2-Lee, Ist; Stevens, 128; Davis, 169%

Hi nter, ded 17M Total, 827
arleton—Schaetior, 128; Lbonnelly, 180; Forrest,
4 Theisen, iv2, Herchendoper, Jr, 120, Total,
val
LALUD CAME,
Carleton-Schaffer, 152. Donuelly, 145; Forrest,

195, Theisen, ly2, Merohendoper, Jn, 127,

Total,

White House--Canute, 171: Hatten, 186; Spencer,

Jus, A. Ssiimore, 155° Matthews, 142. Total, 740,

Twoof tho three Athletfe League games rolled at
th Eloabeh  loballevye on Wednesday night were
Won ty the Koo vile A, A. Team. The scores;

Tiel CAMB,

Roseville A. A= Pierson, 152; Badger, 210; Wood,
140, Van N Ist. Meyer, bud, Total, 874,

El eta (lab Lene, 161, Davis, 127; Eagea,
140, M reell, 165, Pope, 184. Total, 788,

| SF COND GAME,

Roseville A. A.—-Pierson, 149; Badger, 146; Wood,
lau, Va Neos, 176. Moyer, 172, Total, 802,

Elizabeth Ciub—iaue, 142; Davis, 148;
Morrell, 102, Pope, 203, Total, 817,

THIRD GaMR,

Roseville A. A—Plerson, 143; Badger, 147; Wood,
1p van Ness er eyer, 215 , Total, 862.
| ‘hzabeth Ciib--Lane, 148; Davia, 172; Edges,
| 185; Morrell, 140; Pope, 10, Total, 778, .

| ide

One more gaine was forfeited in the New York
tournament at the Tennis
eusday night, The scores:

FIRST GAMF,

} Roya! Arcanum Leacue
| Club alleys on Wec

 

Stanley Counci’—Fincke, 17; Majory, 87; Spax
geon, 148; sehoenlen, 123, Total, 682.
Oitivens Connil-Helmers, 148,  Tonjes, 1265

| Wilekens, 126; Schweibert, 128; Powles, 147, Total,
1 663
BLCOND GAME,

Davis, 19%; Dewes, 119; Brucker,
Haus, 168, Total, 762.

» 1264

otal,

Helmers, 126; Ton
Wilckeps, 150, Schweibert, 180; Powles, 188. T

nial Connoil
; Wanderer, 133

Couneil

Col
16
(4itivens

|

a)

| THIRD GAME.

} Colonial Council—Davis, 160; Dewes, 18%

| Bru her, 158; Wanderer, 144; Haus, 182. Total, 778.

Deiendam Council—Forfeited,

| Nassau's quintet rolled up 870 against Bushwic

Couneid in the Brooklyn Royal Arcanum tournamen'

on Wednesday night, ‘The scores:

FIRST GaME.

Fink, 182; Brown, 177; Powell,

147; Barker, 1d, Flanagan, 144, Total, 804.
Nassau (ounei!—Jonnson. 185: Maller, 128; Par

dessus, 128, Sackett, 167, E. Pye, 110. Total, 07%

SECOND GAME,

Johnson. 178; Muller, 163; Page
desrus, 201; Sackett, 154; Nason, 178. Total, 870,

Hushwiek Council) Corrigan, 138, Buckep, 1445
Scharfenberg, 14v, Niles, 161; Baker, 148. Total,

Thu,

Burnside Council

Nassau Council

  

THIRD GAME,
Bushwick Council—Corrtgan,
Schartenberg, 170; Niles,
KT
Burnside Cor
162

188; Bucken, 1905
140; Baker, 168. Total,

neil~Fink, 158%; Brown, 154; Powell,
Barker, 141, Flauagan, 20v. Total, 816.

_ ‘The resulte in Wednesday nivht's series in the
Brooklyn Royal Arcanum sub-tournament follow

  

   

FIRST GAME,

Fraternity Council—Gottrell, 161; Brill, 1049
D, Nuts, 144; K. Nats, 123, Gibson, 186. Total,
uns

Brovoort Couneil—Spencer, 187, Willhhama, 164%
3iiss 106, S.odeld, 147; Nimmo, 161, Total, 6v7,

SFCOND GAME.

Fraternity Coun il- Cottrell, 150: Brill, 1204
D. Nafis, 147, ik, Nafis, 144; Gibson, 150, Total,
Tel

J. F. Price Couneil—Traver, 116%: Ocestricher,
124; Lorents, vs, Christ, s¥; Huebel, 146, Vor
tal, o71

THIRD GAMF,

v. ¥F, Price Council—Traver, 141;  Ocatrichore
158; Lorentz, 157, Chupman, 112; Buebel, 170,
T tal, 738A,

Bevoort Council-Spencer, 9, Williams, 1%45
igs, 44, 8

eld, 170; Nimmo, 187. Total, 6e@¢,

Thre ntevesting gamoa were rolled off in the
Twenty thrd Regiment championship tournament
last night. The scores

FiBBr GAMF

Company H~—Miller, 186; Phyffe, 172; Bhiebler,
164) Reh, 100, Dospard, 189. Total, 765,

Company l-reorge, 102; Bamsauer, 187; Live
more, 144; Helmstedtt, 181; Millara, 375, Total,
Ts.

SECOND GAME,

Company I—George, 138; Ramsauer, 120; Lives
more, 155; Helmetedit, 160, Millard, 110, Total,
Ovo

Oompany G--N. Bates, 127; Conklin, 112, A. Bates,
142; Lindsay, 159; Neilson, 164, Total, 6st,

THIRD GAME.

Company G—It, Bates, 145; Clark, 79; A. Bates, 984

indsay, 105; Neilson, 181. Total, 6%1,.

Compeny H—M. 114, Bhiebler, 114; Bowley
85, Rust, l8v; Despard, 128. Total, 685.

Bowling Games To-night.
National

at blue

 

  

American
Golden K
Biieya,

Harlem League
pire at Lhur Ka
Colaubia League

Corinthian, Rosedale

ang
Germania Assembly

“oes
Central, Knickerbocker and Bme

iisdtort’s alleya
Belvidere and Premier, a@
Schliveing’+ allere
Aritugton National-Linwood, Bleecker and Mane
hattan, st the Arlinvton Hall alleys
Murr hor Hall—Garrick vs Riverview, at the
Moeennechor Hall aley«
North Bide Leayu
Bronxdaie. at Pu ’
Wiegand’s -Earthquake 1

d

‘Pig pect, North New York and

Earthquake 2. and

  
 

Bronxdale Wiegaud's allers
}
) Casino— ou, Cannon and Oriental, et Strack'e
} ali ve
i: o- York Royal Arcanum Loague—Colonial Coun
| ell, Yonkers Couneil and Amemeus Couneil, at th
! Tonni« Cinb alleys

|} Beooklyn Royal Arcanum League~Brevoort Couns
} ef], DeWitt C) nton Couneil and DeLong Couneil, a@

Tre rsa

}  Broowlyn ovat Arcanum Leagne fub— Bash wielg

} Couned Burn ide Counem) and bast New York Coupe
sieve

int cy
t ie »Pn

ce at the Be;

Knight and Colume

Olviupia, Spilersand Belvideres,

 

   

| Tw sath Warl- Goodenough vs, Recentric, a@
|} Heller's alley
\ Leave —( aClub va Jersey City
( ‘ ! bat .
Morrie aud Pasex Lecgu hion Clubwe Sonth
0 at Cat! ion iy ale #. Tiret War Kee
piblean Ci@o ws ‘ ern Kepublbean Club, a8
F rst Wa i bliean Cob «Ue Hiveraide A ¢
ve Atianta Wheelmen, at Riverade AC. alleys;
my # ltoveville A A. at Oritani F. 0,
alleys
Newark Leog Northern Reopnhlean Club va,
Weet had Cla. Noothern Republican Club allereg
Ko cA A Riverside A Cat Roseville Ay
A.,allera
tgowery, (las BeBerkeley va. Surp:
Montgomery vs, Prudential, at Montg

 

!

ee 7

= ee pS He

os

2

—_ pe

=

i
a
+
‘
;

ee