ee ee

‘a
3

————

reached the hall {a «& proper oratorical
mood, muttering his own name, He told
the Norwegians plainly what he thought of
_.. | them, A fragment of the speech has been
~ | preserved fn German newspapers:

“The degree of civilization of « people is beat
measured, according to @ very ancient law, by the

The Sexe Sun,

FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1990,

 

Subscription by Mall, Postpaid.

DAILY, per Month....... 80 50

   

    
  

DaILy, per Your reenoeee oo paint reached by ite love of eleaniiness, Precisely

RUNDAY, per Your vooe mene 8 00 | 12 thoes districta where the old Norwegian dialect te

DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year .ocscresceeees zo | Chiefly found, At te notorious that the most dreadful
sweeee ‘

 

DAILY AND BKUNDAY, per Month
Postage to foreign countries added,
‘Yur Bom, New York City,

conditions are the rule, People who do not possess
solf-renj ect cnough to keep thelr persons end their
hones in a state of cleanliness ftto live in are no
| bearersof civilization, As donors of a new national
| language ] have no useforthem, Or am I to seek
| inetruction of people who oblige me, after ther have

| called on me, to throw wide open every door aad
window tn order uot to beatified?”
The audience did not like the speeeb. It
hooted and called out to BySRNBoNn that he
might consider himself turned out of the
Inasmuch as it half clung to the Demo- | hall, whereupon he bowed, smiled sardont-
eratic party when the cause of honest money cally, took out his handkerchief, and with
was on trial in 1496, and since then has | it or ” the dust from his feet and
von hovering around the old camp with | Walked out,
Dee ot of longing to reépter BI ORNSTIERNE BydRwson and the people
{t in full uniform, the Lowisville Courter: | of Norway know each other pretty well by
Jovrnal’a views of Democratic policy and this time, and the tif? between them will
possibilities for to~lay have an interest all | not last long, When the hot-headed poet
their own, The anniversary of ANDREW cools off he will go on writing playe and
Jackson's birth moved our contemporary stories, a better antidote for the “old
to make these recommendations to the Norwegian ” folly than many speeches, and
Demoorarcy, for the latter's ultiinate good | his countrymen will keep on reading them.
and for our contemporary's greater com- | The Storthing law, too, will go the way of
fort in ita companionship: other linguistic legislation, It does seem

The money question should be ignored ; apity, howover, that valuable Scandinavian
{t {9 settling itself through the Increasing | *Rerey and ingenuity should be expended
product of gold, Expansion should be ace in trying to find differences between
cepted. In national development there nations that have so much In common
must be no “retrograde movement.” Tho in blood, In language and in political
country must be assured that “the soldiers and material {nterests, Surely the race
who have fallen in battia have not died in | Whose sailors conquered Britain and Nor-
vain;” that “territory acquired by treaty and | mandy, ravaged the coasts of Europe to Con-
by arme shall be property defended and dis- étantinople for centuries and first traversed
poged;” that the ‘“bonor of the nation and | the Atlantic, and whose soldiers under Gus
the flag must be maintained in all lands,” | TAVUS ADOLPHUS and CHARLES XII. overs
and that, “having grown to be a world ran northern Europe should hold a higher
power, the United States of America should | rank among nations than the fourth-rate
be respected by the world.” Since the new | Powers into which it has split have now, A
fasues arising upon the scene are “destined | united Scandinavia would mean something.
to hold the stage the better part of the | The idea that has raised Germany and Italy
coming century," itis ‘better for the Democ- from insignificance in this century might
racy to administer them themselves than | CCCUPY Norwogian thought more profitably
to abandon them to the Republicans.” than efforts at linguistic eocentricity,

That is to say, the Democratic party |s a
to outstrip {ts rival in advocating the
foremost ideas with which its rival ts
{dentifled. Having adopted the principles
of Populism four years ago without euc-
cess, the Democracy {6 urged to take Its
stand on the broadest planks of the
Republican platform--in short, to become

Panie—Kioaque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kioaque No. 10, Boulevards des Captoines

Jf our friends who fanor viv 1th manuscripts for
publication wish to have rejected articles returned, Hey
@ust in all corsersend samps sor that purpore.

——
———-

Instruction From Kentacky.

His ’Eart Is True to Poll.

At the dinner of the Travelling Men's
| Bryan Club at Lincoln last week, Col,
Bryan, whose eagerness for new Issues has
made a few of his partiaans fear that he
was backsliding, convinced the doubters
| that his ‘eart is still true to Pony, His sub-
the hot and progressive faction of the | ject wag ‘The Outlook.” It should have
Republican party. | been ‘The Backlook,” for inevitably his

Although the CourierJournal’a revolu- eyes reverted to 1896, the year of his

tionary advice {a of course vain, it is good | @potheosis and of the new Declaration of
Independence:

for general instruction. It shows that the
one idea capable of retaining for the Demoe- |
racy its distinction as a party is free
silver, and that all serious voters of 1900 |
will have to vote for Bryan and silver or | o¢ those who sought to modify or subtract from the
McKINiFY and houest money creed enunciated at Chirago in isu, © * * The
» | Democratic party etill contends for the restoration
of bimetallism at the ratio of 16to 1, the only ratio
advocated by those who believe in the double
standard.’

Col. Bryan talked against Trusts and

 

"We are now near enough to the National Conven-
tion to feel assured that there will be no consider
able opposition to the reafirmation of the Chicago
platform, The late elections destroyed the last hope

 

Bjoernstjerne Bjoernson Flouts the
Norwegians,

Norway is in a peck of trouble, The
country is very anxious to show {ts inde- | {mpertalism, as he has been talking on the
pendence of every one, especially other | ctreuit. His assumption that the commer.
Scandinavians, and w little while ago it | clal travellers don’t want to sell goods tn
succesded in obliterating from ita flag the | territory obtained by conquest was in that
symbol of a former clos», connection with | gentle childlike vein which he often shows
Sweden, Now enthusiastic fatherlanders |{n talking business questions. But his
wish to go further and to efface from the | eager clinging to the old platform was

language the traces of a past connection | noticeable. The younger {issues are not
with Denmark, a rather diMloult task, for | promising. As everybody {s against the
Norwegian and Danish are as much alike | Trusts, the Democrats cannot hope to make
as two peas, and though they have won | those monsters their especial meat. Tho
over the Storthing they have aroused | prospects of anti-expansion among the
the wrath of the formidable Bsorn- | Democrats are very cloudy. Expansion
BIVERNE BIGRNsoN, While to foreigners | means bread-and-butter and money in the
Bsbryxson is only an author, greater, | bank to the South. The number of South-
equal or inferfor to his countryman | ern Democratic expanstoniste is alarmingly

Insen, to Norweyrians he is above all a
politician ever ready fora tight, especially
when Norway's independence is in question,
He has made Norwegian town meetings and
legislative sessions lively for forty years,
and no exhibition of independence seemed
genuine unless Baorxson took a hand in it.
To a change of Janguage, however, he is
opposed, and for good reason
The difference between the Scandinavian
fanguayes is not very great. It would
seem possible, were the three nations to
form a real union, for the languages to
become welded into one in a generation or
two, Norwegian or Danish is hardly
further removed from Swedish than liter-
ary German is from Plattdeutseh, for in-
stance, or the Ttalian ef Lombardy from
that of the southern provinees. A Dane,
a Swede and a Norweyian ina conversation
where each talked in his own tongue could
understand the others with a little t
An educated Dane and dueated Norwe-
gian speak and write practically the same
language, Danish. ' is in the Norwe-
gian form of Danish that BrOnxson
written and
he and Tmsen have attired the products of
their soul-pro manufactory. He hes
been an former of guage as
Well as of politics and psyeholog
indisputably yiven modern Seandinavian
{terature a place in European eulture, It Vrve silver is the all-comprehensive mat-
should not be forgotten that BaOryson | ter. Everything is in it and nothing good
weld the tleld ere Inses became the ery, It | 18 possible without it. In trying to lug
ig safe to say, too, that if their names and | in minor {ssues while the supreme ques.
that of HANS CHrisTIAN ANDIRSEN tion is still unanswered, the Colonel would
barred, it would puzzle most readers togive | be a truant to his own principles.
the name of any Seandinavian writer ofthis |
|

great, self-interest coinciding with the
traditional Democratic policy. The major-
ity of the Southern newspapers of the first
rank are expansionists a8 commercial bod-
jes and merehants, planters and manu-
facturers generally seem to be, One im-
portant Democratic journal, the Memphia
Commercial Appeal, speaks rather bluntly
and treads without apology or remorse on
the Colonel's toes:

“With the Philippines wo have command of 600
miles of Asiatic coast, and this advantage is not
golng to be surrendered to pleasure the whima and
vivify the expedienta of polltical ewpiricists.”

Viain talk and calculated to make the
Colonel—tf he ever reads—a little more
doubtful of his experiments and gropings,
After all his wanderings be comes back to
the old home. The same old house, with
only anew shingle ortwo, The ‘paramount
issue," as the Colonel called it in his eross-
and-crown speech to the Chicago Conven-
tion, must still the main question,
That, as he then declared to his frenzied
hearers, includes all other issues, “Tf they
ask,” he said, ‘why we do not embody in
our pintform all the things we believe in,
we reply that when wo have restored the
money of the Constitution, all other neces-
sary reforms Will be possiblé; but that
until this is done there {6 no other reforin
that can be accomplished,”

oublea,

ane be

has
stories and that

his poems
blem
earbest re lar

mpd has

 

century, though elderly people might roe. Canada’s Forests,

Plect Miss BREMER, Ba ORNSTIERNE
SaORSSON has the right, therefore, to feel
that he is a good part of modern Norwegian
literature,

Woodlands cover more than one-third of
the area of the habitable parts of Canada.
The Dominion’s forest domain is the larg-
estin the world and about athird greater

Although educated Norwegians talk | than that of either the United States or
YJanish, in the secluded valleys and farm- | Russia, whose timber resources are nearly
tteads a dialect is spoken that lias no liters | equal. With proper care, the timber supply

ary charm, Jt delights philoloyists, of | of Canada should be inexhaustible. The
course, as a'l dialects do, but if it preserves | people, however, are now anxious about
wy traces of early Norse they are much the rapi¥ cepletion of their forests, Mr.
corrupted, and the admixture of Swedish is eR, our Consul at Strattord, writes
arge. Thi the Nor- | that forest fires and the enormous lumber
‘segians Wish to substitute for the “for- | and wood-pulp industries have far
eign” tongue now in use, andthe Storthing, | denuded the timber lands of Ontariothat the
wlieving, like the Linperor CLAcbics and inhabitants are alarined over the future of
he German Post Ollee, that language ean | the fuel supply. Hard wood is now worth

we regulated by legistition, has passed a | from &sto $8 a cord asd soft wood from $2

SEYI
dialect out-and-out

sO

AW putting for the present the peasant | to $5. Tiese prices make fuel a very expen-
lialect on an equality with the literary | sive item in a country where the winters
Yanish in ofleial matter That started | are long and severe, Consul-General Brr-
3gURNSON, What hasstruek you,"he said TINGER writes from Montreal that the in-
b the newspaper be eonty “thatvouare | dustrial tax upon the forests is as noth.

now trying to tearup, root and braneh,
Janish language, with whose help
as bloomed into splendid tlower ?

the | jug compared with the territie scourge of
wtry | fire which has left millions of blackened
Can you | trunks from the shores of Nova Scotia to
4lieve that the repulsive jargon spoken in | the Lake of the Woods, a distance of 2,600
‘rty peasant Guts is tit to become at ones | miles, tosay nothing of the great destruc.
ty national |i loa age 2! tion in British Columbia

Instead of heeding the great The Canadian Governinent is taking new

urypr

erary and social |

Norwegian,

 

he partisans of (he change cailed amass. | measures to conserve the forests. The

aeeting in Christiania to poot st against | offiee of Chief Inspector of Timber and |
Hs words, and inembers or tie Storthing Forestry was created in August last. The |
widofthe Cabinet sat upon the piatform | Inspector's duties inelude the study of |

BIORNSON'S berserker boood boiled and he | methods for preventing forest tires, the in-
lecided to beard his refractory opponents | troduetion of the practice of reproducing
atheir own meeting, Notin the forest trees, and the setting apart of timber
tempers, probably, when he left his house, | reserves in Manitoba and the Northwest

i® passing before the National Theatre the | Territory before they are encroached upon

best of

   
  

 
    

sight of his statue, which he had asked the | by settlers, Some ofthe lumber and wood-
poople of Christiantato remove asa libelon | pulp interests are beginoing to eee the)
his person, further roused his ire and he | need of replacing the timber they consume,

The owners of a number of Canadian pulp
mills have learned to supply themselves by
decennial cuttings, which give time for
young spruce trees to grow and enable
manufacturers to draw thelr supplies con-
tinuously from the same timber limits,

In the five years ending in 1808, we
{mported from Canada about $5,250,000
worth of wood pulp, and we depend more
and more upon this paper stock from the
Canadian forests, One advantage of our
paper mills in New England and New York
is their proximity to the Canadian supply
of wood pulp, A number of
paper interests have made large invest.
ments in Canadian timber lande and pro-
duce much of their own raw material fn
that country; and as tho largest paper
manufacturers and consumers of wood pulp
in the world, {t will be to our Interest to set
the Canadians a good example by covering
our cleared spruce areas with anew growth
of timber.

Mr. Rookefeller on Trusts.

In the matter of industrial combinations,
loosely known as trusts, it is well to hear
the views of the gost conspicuous and
most successful embodiment of them, the
genius of the Standard O!] Company, Mr.
Joun RockrFeniver. On Wednesday he
made these remarks to the Industrial Com-
mission sitting in Washington:

“In wy judgment the advantages from industrial
combinations are the advantages which can be de-
rived from acoiperation of persons and aggregation
of capital, Much that one man cannot do aloue two
can do, Itiato) late to argue about advantayes of
industrial combinations, They are & necessity, and
if Americans are to have the privilege of extending
their business in all the states ofthe Union antinto
foreign countries as well, they area necessity one
large scale and require the agency of more than one
corporation.”

We are at the beginning of one of the
many great strides in American expansion,
The unlooked for opportunities now awalt-
ing us have found us ready to make the
tmnost of them, the enormous growth of
our powers for production within the
last few years having prepared us for
meeting demands even greater, One
of the chiof agencies in creating this
prosperous and fortunate condition has
been industrial combination on a vast scale,
If we were not thus equipped for interna-
tional competition, we should be compelled
at once to create trusts, or to leave all for
eign flelds to othercompetitors. Mr. Rock

our |

|

 

|

RFELLER and his brothers jn combination |

would have to be eent for.

Tf any anti-trust party {magines that the
opinion of the president of the Standard Oil
Company on a great question of Lusinessis
to be rejected by the American publio in
favor of the ravings of calamity agitators
they make a grave inistake,

It would be a pity indeed if the Bronx
Zologiceal Garden were injured or conetricted
through the city's unwillingness to provide for
ita maintenance,

 

On Wednesday the Kaiser Wilhelm sur
passed all previous performances of transat-
Jantic steamers by finishing an ocean voyage at
the rate of nearly twenty-two and three-quarter
knots; the Deutschland was Jaunched at Stet-
tin with the promise of a speed of twenty-three
knots, which, judging from the achlevementa
of her builders, it {s marks to pfennigs she wi)!
fulfil; and the Britiah turbine torpedo boat
Viper reached a apeed of thirty-flve knots and
ohalf. It was e great day for the water.

We venerate the Hon. Groram FRISBIB
Floar and ho venerates himself at least as
much as la necessary, but really a man of his
age and opportunities ought not to beso igno-
rant of the factsas to write staff like this:

“ AGUINALDO was the chosen leader of the peopleot
the Philippine Islands.”

Ie It possible that the Worcester Picewrer
aupposes the inhabitants of the Philippines to
be all Tagalis? He might ns well say that
Woreester is Massnchusetts, And here {a
more fgnorance, such aa a Worcester school-
boy would deserve breeching for. We quote
from hia reply to Mr. Beveripar:

“Where did the United States get the right to buy
and sell people like sheep?”

In moments when he is not under Aguinal-
dian suggestion Mr. Hoan remembers the
Louisiana Purehase, for example, and other
instances In which the Un ted States bought
people “like shoap.” Just at present he seems
to be unable to remember much of anything
save that he had an ancestor inthe Continental
Congress and five ancestors at Coneord fleht.
He has forgotten American history and that of
the war in the Philippines he writes to sult
himself,

 

 

The repnbite fe in the throes of a arial of in.
calculable moment to ite future.—Springgieid ie
puoitcan

The republic ia all right and the Republican
{a all wrong. Gen. Sambo Rowres (8 in the
throes of acrisis, buthe has throes and eristses
in quantities tosuit. By the time the rohins
sing again he will be seen strolling along the
meads of Agawam, writing hia usual pastoral
prose poem for the Sunday Repuhlican,

The Bryanite devil chasers are always
howling about the destructive effect of the
Trusts upon private enterprise and indepen.
dent small businesses, Now it happens that
more Americans were in business on thelr own
hook last year than ever before: and it hap-
pena that some 33,000 more concerns were
doing business in 1800 than in 188, Such is
the paralyzing touch of the Ortupus,

Inthe Senate vosterday Prrrranmw pet-
tigrewed vigorously, Herepeated th!s patriotic
remark, originally caleulated, we belleve, for
the latitude of Sioux Fall!

“TfL were a Filipino, I would Nght until I was gray
against this policy of criminal argression,”

He has been a pale
years.

 

8;

gray ‘pettigrew for

 

America will be thankful that Lord Sar-
Isnuny’s answerto Mr, Caoate regarding the
seizure of flour is described as satisfactory,
We trust it fe s0, and that no further cause for
friction will arise. This country eould only
look with regret equal to its amazement at
being deliberately foreed into a quarrel with
England by Pritish statesmanship.

Se ee eee
Poubdltie ints.
From the Nasheile Rayner,

Jackeon, Miss., Jan. &.—The debate at the Court
Hovse last night between Rev. M.A. Mathews and
Non. A. W, Stovall on the question of rata proved an
occasion of much enjoyment Mathews, P .
nt of the Humane Soctety, challenged Mr, Stovall,
Prosident of tue Association for
of Rats, to show why his ass 4 hot ih con
tempt of the law prohibiting ernelty to anim
There was @ larce crowd present, inciud
ladies, and after Mr Stovall t
tion waa entirely within the ji
thatthere werea nu
jona on the subject, it wae nr
proceed with the war, beginn
evening, Apremiumis offered to the person who
kills the largest number of rodents during the week
of war,

 

Debate on

 

     

the Extermination
ehaty “

 

A asserted the as ’

its of the law and
1 Court decis-
himously resolved to
Wat 4 o'clock this

   

ber of Snpre

   

Indoor Orange Groves ia Florida,

From the Florida Timea Union a
Oararpo, Jan, 7,—Amonug those wh
experiment of building sheds over
wroves are laaao A. Liopyy

vd (Stteen

sr@ trying the
their
who lives balf
Park, and Gs

orange
way
rigs

he-
tween Orluudo and Winter Prost
of Aifamonte Springs, Neither has um
cover his entire grove, but only & porton of it, They
set cho trees within the inclosure closer than ia ¢ pen
culture, aud will endeavor to dwarf ther, believing
that this method will secure best resuluy

 

iia

|

 

aken to |

ag AR AA AO NEE I ORR A art NORRRERIRCE EE
~ 4 oat

 
    

ee ee EO

 

7HE SOUTH AFRICAN CAMPAION,

 

The report that Ge, Methuen ta about to be
superseded fu command of the Modder River

THE SUN, FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1900.

column fs less surprising ‘ian was hisappolote |

ment,
time an assiduous student of the conventional
theory and art of war,and an exvertonthe
Kriegsptel board and at holiday manwuvres. It
whe tothe reputation thus acquired, with such
experience as he was able to gain with
Lord Wolaeley’s staff in the Egyptian cam-
palgn of INK2 and later in the trifiing opera-
tlona in South Africa that followed the peace
with the Tranavaal, added to social influence,
that he owed the nomination to the responal-
ble post he at present occupies The dis-
sensions that were known to exist among
his stal? have already been referred to
and the cousequences were seen in the Mag-
ersfonteln defeat. The exact story of that
eifatr bas yet to be published, but it would ap-
pear from what has already leaked out to have
some resemblance to the history of the Bala-
clava charge that bus never been made clear,
Gen, Wauchope, whe could have gtven his
account of it, having, like Nolan at Balaclava,
been killed in the execution of thy movement.

The failure at Magersfontein is generally at-
tributed to neglect of scouting, ineMelent rec-
onnoitring aud faulty tactieal formation,
With such a distribution of responsibility for
the disaster it is not Hkely that any oMetal in-
quiry, supposing one should be tustituted, will
Ix the blame on any one individual, and the
matter will, as usual, be left to die away amid
the angry recriminationa of the friends of the
living and the dead who were concerned in It,

How farthe shortcomings of the War OMce
and Intelligence Department are responsible
fora wood dealof the trouble the British are
meeting inthis South Afrioan campaign, may
be judged by tho following extract from a let-
ter written by an oficer of rank with the army
out there, He says:

“To begin with, there are neither roads nor
highways, unless one likes to consider auch
the tracks made by the frat vehicle that passed
in a particular direction, which all thoge that
eame after followed, That in {tself, after all,
is only halfan evil; what is worse is the inex-
aetness of our military maps, Where they
mark alevel country one meets a number of
small streains, called sprnits by the Boers,
which present great obstacles on # mareh.
Then the deep ruts made by the first vehicivs
make the roads almoat {mpracticable.”

Inacourate maps and a difficult country,
When unknown to those traversing It, are suf-
ficient to bring to nothing the best plans of the
ablest Generals; and when to these are added
the uncertainty of a reconnoissance of a posi-
tion that may be apparently only Hehtly held
When examined, and occupied in force when ate
tacked, itis hardly neoeasury to go much further
to look for causes of the British defeats, Night
attacks, in which the British have go frequently
indulged during the campaign, are always
risky operations; but all those, with the excep.
tion of that agatnet the Isambulwana battery
Over Ladysmith, that have been undertaken,
fromthe one at Nicholson’s Nek to the last
near Coleaberg, have proved disastera, Tha
only guarantee for the success of auch advente
ures is anuccurate knowledge of the ground,
perfect discipline, the most careful lead-
ing, and negligent performance of picket duty
by the enemy. The training at Aldershot and
Salisbury Plain through which the British reg-
iments were put in anticipation of this very
war, has proved to be worthless under the
special conditiona of South African warfare.

With regard to the situation in Natal we are
etil] without details of the fighting at Ladye
smith last Saturday from the British side, but
the despatch of twelve hundred hoapital
bearera from Durban to the front on Monday
night pointato early fighting There is one
thing in connection with the accounts received
ofthe eonfiect at Besters and Wagon Hille on
Saturday which is of interest, namely, that the
attacks on the Boer side are said to have been
delivered with the bayonet. Asthe Boers are
notarmed with that weapon, it Is probable that
the most of the men engaged belonged to the
foreign legions in the Boer army,

Gen. French is said to have mancuvred him-
self on to the Boer communications on the
Colesberg bridge road. That bridge, however,
was destroyed by the Boers immediately after
the opening of the campaign, as also the Van
Zyl bridge on the line between Norvals Pont
and Coleshberg,

The arrival of Lord Roberts and Gen, Kitche-
ner at Cape Town may be expected to give a
new impulse and direction to the campaign,
but the effect of their decisions will not be ap.
parent until after they have had time to
thoroughly examine the whole gituation, and
to establish such connection as they can be-
tween the corps acting at the different points
of operation.

Pessiinism Defended,

To tar Forron or Tae Scx—Sir:
last Sunday, & prominent minister said, ‘a pesaim-
iat is who the worst possible view of
things.’ Headvised them to be tolerant, and aa
sured them that things were working ont all right.
But is toleration, the poltey of the optinust, @ means
ofprogress and rapid development? Have not
ell great progressive movements been conceived
and brought about by those who, at the time, might
De called pessimists? Mind you, tho pessimist al-
wa »hasidea@a which he thinks are the nearest ap-
pro& i to perfection,

An oplimistead tome recently: “We should be
toleran people ave contented In delusions let
them continue so, In time they will learn the
truth and apy it.’ Butif man's duty is the high-
est development of bis kind should he not hasten

At church

ue takes

 

 

the development all he can? Some intelligent
luen say that the development of humanity bas
been retarded several centuries by the suculeation

 

he f te leas

susisg)

    
 

     
        

     

  

nus will Work outall pazhtan the end, weknow,
huer ¢ ie he wp st nay notour
} } as have before, undoubtedly be
‘ they we wrong at tluae, to be
supersated by arbarians or those less developed,
yetatil with orm t fon natural truth’ Would

  
    
 
 

oO therace that thrst reaches

tnot bean eteriual
t And vice versa if they tall

the goal of t

 

   

uy suyside?

Kndowe 1 all the faculties that are requisita,
We must caleulate every foot of the course as we
woulda prot u in figures, search forerrors, expose

god eradicare thom, then goahead, The enthusiaatio

plilantheopist who does this is called @ pessiniles,

Liat he should pot falter, 5.5. Bayan,
New Yous, Jan, do,

Marshal Ney’s Son,

To rin Forronor Tur Sex—Sir: Tam greatly in-
terested in the article published to last Sunday's
buy regarding the aon of the late Marsbal Ney-
FKugene Ney, Ie it poasible that this Dr. Kk. M.c
Neyman is the same person? [ am devoted to
the collecting of autographs of distinguished men
and have in iny porsession a note as follows:
Panis, Aug, 6, 1828,

 

    

“My Dean Wincrrs-It ie fitt | should * @ @
to our Sehior Kevolutionary Comrade a Son of
tho aliwstriocus and unforiunate Marshal Ney—who

 

 

intends t it the U.> | am to thank you, my
dear friend, tor the introductory letters [ now and
thea receive, and doubly rejofve fu every opportun-
ity to Hear trom You and to ouer the best wisbes
and tender rear Is of
Your affectionate brother soldier,
"Old, WiLLeT. “LAPAYETYIE,”
Ol}d-tashioned sheet paper folded several times—
feeuled and stamped with his seal—directed:)
“Col, WiLLer,
New York,
“Ss Broome at,?
“Dy Mr. Eugene Ney.”
Can it be that the Dr Neyman is the same man,
who presented this letter?
Some clew might be obtained from it
Jan, 10, 1100 Mns, Joun Stanror,

French Express Trains the Fastest,

rom the Seventific American,

 

Of mediocre capacity he ls at the same |

sss sss nf

The French railroad system, which in point of size
and portance ranks about fourth among those of |
the tands easily at the head of the listin
respector the number and speed of ita express pas-
senuer Wan, Agr nt tabulation of these trains
shows that Le Chemin de Fer du Nord operates no

less than 45 trauma @ day with ap average ruuning

speed, ineluding stops, of from 50 to 0 miles an

 

 

hour, ¢ hew 11 have @ speed of So miles an hour,
of about 51 miles, PL about 52 miles, & of about 63
miles, of from 54t Tmiles, andonetmin hase
timed rutuing spe f HO% mikes au Dour,

While t \ sid Great tritain bave @ few
trains of fr hit. to itty-four miles an hour apeed,
and the | nited ates Tina (Wo #ttiner trains at
rate of about mxt les an hour, sth speeds ave

not characteristic of the whole of the express service,
Mr. Marten,
expert abroad on the question of eXpress trains end
their performance, states from personal knowledze
that the trains are vot by any means mere faciug

harles Bou who is the beat known

 

outits, but weigh from 160 to, in some cases, as | from wood and gilde.

high as 300 tons.

|} Apair of old temple lanterns

eee

  

ART NOTES,

Pictures at the Union League Club—The
Henry Mosler Collections aod Japan-
oso Art at the Amertoan Art Galleries.

Tho January exhibition of the Union League
Club began last nighton tho ceeasion of the
6nouarl meeting and will be open to lady vist-
tors to-day and to-morrow. It ts entirely com-
bored of works by American artista, fifteen of
which are portrait heads and genre studios by
Eastmon Johnson, N. A, These are hung to-
gether in the southerly end of the art gallery,

The north halfof the room and the smaller of Fujlyama;”

room beyond contain the other pictures, The
Most interesting things in Mr. Johnson's eol-
lection are the portralts, There are six of
these and all are good in character and in
coloe, None is more successful as an interpres
tation than that of the late President Porter of
Yale, while that of the late Peter Folger ts
ruggedly virile, The portraitof the late San-
ford R. Gifford, N, A., is broadly laid in and left
in that state, itis striking in aspect and more
qualified in color than any of the other heads.
The other portraits are those of Dr. MeCosh of
Prineston, Charles O'Conor and Edwin
Booth. The Jarge study for Mr. Johnson's
well-known picture “The Corn Huskera,” fa
here, ag well as that for “The Cranberry
Plokers.” More interesting than either {sa
large canvas with many figures, entitled, “A
Maple Sugar Camp in Maine.” It fs more in-
teresting, not because it ia better, but because
the picture has never been painted. The com-
position and eolor as indicated in this study
fre exeellent and it is to be hoped that Mr.
Jobneon may yet find time to bring it out as a
finished work to be added to his series of
American life in which “The Corn Huskers”
and “The Cranherry Pickera” are such notable
numbers,

The twenty-nine pictures composing the
main part of the exhibition are by twenty-
eight artista and consist of landscape and
figure subjects, the landscapes predominating,
o4 is generally the case in Amertean shows,
Nearly allofthesa pictures are new, but “Sita
and Barita’’ No, 19, by Cecilia Beaux, A. N. A.,
js an old acquaintance, and Mr. Tryon’s two
pictures, “Evening in New England,” No, 17,
and “Salt Marshes in Decamber,” No, 43, if
they have not been seen before in New York,
fare not recently painted, The latter is the
more interesting of the two und is agreeable
in color and truthful in effect. “The Harvest,”
No, 20, i8 a characteristic work by Charles
Melville Dewey, and “Sussex Village—Moon-
lght,"" No, 20, by Carlton T. Chapman, who
painted landscape in England last summer,
giving up forthetime his favorite const sub-
jects and battleships, is a new departure, it
shows truth of observation, picturesque com-
position and color agrevably warm, but not
hot. “A Moonlight Night,” No. 18, by Ben
Foster, shows a road with double line of tall
trees and 18 effective in aspect. Whetherthe
road is too ightin value {ea relative question
that could only be decided when the picture {ts
seen by daylight. The pernicious American
fashion of building picture galleries without
skylights, and ofturning on a blaze of electric.
ity whenever and where ver opportunity offers,
not only makes @ reviewer's task a diMeult
one, but prevents many discriminating visttors
to exhibitions from seeing pictures as they
should be seen to ba most truly appreciated
and anjoyed. “Early Summer—Fssex,'’ No,
38, Mr. Van Boskerck's contribution, presents
@ pleasing composition with an English cottage
and garden, the white walls glittering in aun-
light; and “Afternoon,” No. 44, by Mr, Jones,
a representation of one of his favorite themes
in New Jersey meadows, {a strong In affect and
notable for good construction and tree draw-
ing. "Feasex Valley,” No, 20, by Arthur Hoeber,
{ga remarkably good study of summer greens
with a well-drawn sky, and Mr. Murphy's
“Foggy Morning,” No. 30, laa charming piece
of blond color,

“The Mirror,” No, 42, by William M. Chase,
N. A., isa half-length seated figure of agirlin
a Japanese robe of black, her back turned to
the spectator and her face reflected in a look-
ingglaas, which isa@ thoroughly sound piece of
painting and very attractive in ensemble.
This and the picture of young women in clasel-
eal draperies regarding a neweomer, by Fran-
cis C, Jones, N. A., are the principal pieces in
the exhibit.on contributed by figure patntera,
Mr. Henry, however, is fn evidence with an
outdoor view with flgurea {u “The Early Days
of Rapid Transit,” No. 31, and Mr. Watrous
signs asmall canvas with a single figure ofa
young woman ata writing tat . It is care.
fully drawn and miecroscopieally finished, and
“Sha Who Hesitutes,’ No. 24. Other
interesting works are by W. Verplanek Birney,
Charlies C. Curran, A. Nw A., and b, A. Bell,
The collection was brought together by the
zeal and labors of the Committee on Art, of
which Mr. Thomas b, Clarke is Chairman and
Dr. A. E. M. Purdy, Secretary.

 

 

 

    

{3 ealled

The changes onthe walls of the Amertean
Art Galleries, Madison Square, are almost
kaleidoscopic. They are now filled with the
pletures, stadies and studio effects of Henry
Mosier, N.A.; Japanese and Chinese art ob-
jects and bronzes, and Japanese prints, which
are all to be sold at auction about the
eighteenth of thea month, When these are
taken away the Wiliam T, Evans collection of
American paintings will be placed on view

Mr. Mosler’s pictures include some tour or
five of his larger and important compositions,
many works of mediam size~genre, landscape,
heada and single figures—and a number of
minorecanvases, Ther are nintey-eight in all.
Besides these, there are fifty-four pictures,
sketches and drawings by various artists, such
as Henry Bacon, Harry Chase and J.C. Arter,
among Americans, and Julien Dupré, Pelouse,
Klie Delunnay and Boulanger, among the for-
eigners, Hisown best and mostimportant work
in the exhibition fs “The Ghost Story,’ No. 97,
which depicts a scene at the flresido of a
Brittany interior with an old woman at her
spinning wheel as the central flgure in the
composition and a numerous and much-awed
company of women, girls and little children
listening to hertale, It is strongly handled
and Is very good in generaleffect. Next to this
ranks "The Last Moments,” No. 06, wherein
we see an aged Breton expiring in his chair
while two country doctors consult by the win-
dow and the members of the household are
grouped about in despairing attitudes. It,
too, is vigorously and soundly executed. A
third large salon picture is @ realistic study of
a “Normandy Garden, Grandechamp,” No, 0s,
with an old Woman at & cottage doorand the
foreground filed with cabbages. The chiet of
the pictures with American sublects is “Invok-
ing God's Blessing,” No. 4, a scene in Puritan

 

 

times which was exhibited a few years ago
at the National Acadomy. “Helping
Grandpa,” No, 63, {8 another American
work whieh took the Clarke = Prize
atthe Academy in 1800, “A Brittany Beauty,”
No. 74. "The Broken Babot,’ No, Sv; "The
Dinner Call,” No. 44; “Normandy Milkmaid,”
No, 36; “Tlarvesters’ Repose,” No. 41; and
“Thoughts of the Absent One,” No, Ul, titles

of some of the other works, afford an index to

 

  

 

 

 

the general character of the subjects of most
of the pictures in the ecolleetion, Among the
atudio furniture, costumes and prog ure
two Jarge Gobelin tapestries with hi-torical
subjects (Nos. 127 and 128, a large buffer
dated 1650 and LHO8 and carved in Lycantine
style (No, 123), and another of Breton 1

(No, T24) with incised carving and turt
pindles, There is an interesting lot of Apache
Indian ecostumegan ! relies, j some Alaskan
trappings and curiosities are iso among the

studio effects,

Ia the Yamanakaco
ineluding the usual forms of
Chinese ari and eraftamanship,
hibit, quite remarkable in its richness, ts an
old family shrine (No, 4600), all wood sorving
delicately worked and finished with gold
lacquer and wilt, The interfor ts furnished
with bronze pleees necessery for devorti
It dates from the sixteenth century,
Wianda
very large one, not catalogued, are the most
ne a number of such pieces

 

lection there are SOO lota,

Japanese ond

\ notable ox.

 

fervice

   

interesting am
whiel are now brought here to be used as lawn
land garden ornaments, “Anrida,” No, 43, ie

standing on jotos, carved
it io of the fifteenth
@entury workmanship, There are screens and

a Buddhist figure

eS

kakemonos in plenty and a good display of

porcelains and pottery, A large jar(No, 421) of
deep blue glaze, an old Setoljar (No. 253), anda
hawthorn jar (No. 172) are worthy of epectal
notice and thera are some nice pleces of white
with soft paste and crackle,

The Brinkley-Conder collection of Japanese
prints forma a beautiful exhibition in the top-
most gallery, They number 560, They aro
auatnt and delicate in drawing and almost
without exoeption most attractive tn color.
“Cherry Blossoma at the Yoshiwara,” a five-
leaf print; No, 3, "Procession of Girls at Base
No, 4, ditto, “Procession of
Girls Representing Datmyo'’s Procession ;" No,
25, three-leat print; “The Emperor Genso
Playing the Flute,” No, 32, ditto; "Girl Playing
at Ball." No. 64, large vignette print, and
“Poetical Represontation of @ne of the Six
Tamagawa or Famous Rivers,” No, 64, are 4
few specimens that attract the eye ae one fol-
lows the walls, but the vartety is infinite and
the prints must be seen to be appreciated.

The Importance of By-Products,

From the New Orleans Times- Democrat,

“This te the day and date of the by-product,”
said a cotton seed oj! buyer. “Instead of
launching into new lines the tendency ia to go
back over the ground and gather up what we
have wasted, Icould name scores of indus-
tries that are at present actually paying thelr
running expenses by the utilization of some-
thing they used to hire people to carry away.

“The cotton seed oi! business is a good tllus-
trationof modern economic methods, It ts all
the development of a few years, comparatively
epeaking, and to-day the demand for what, was
formerly a waste material is far_ahead of the
supply, In isd, for example, I had 250 oil
mills on omy list, located witht cer-
tain boundaries in the cotton belt. At
Prevent IL have S80 in a considerably amalier
territory. Meanwhile the uses to which the
seed is applied have been steadily increasing
with no signe of reaching a mit, The oj
enters into a dozen different food products
and has practically replaced olive oll for ordls
nary table use, Thousands of gallons are ex-
ported and come back with Ttalfan labels on
the bottles us good or better than the real
thing. Lvery part of the seed is now saved ex.
cept a fow chemical elemouta of the outer hull
that pass away tn smoke; in fact, we do
nearly as well as the Chicago packers, who
ulllize all of the pig except his squeal,”

‘We have just organized @ company.” sald
a Chicago man, “to take the squeal down on
phonographio cylinders for use in toy pigs.”

The Heroism of a Vienna Physician.
From the New Orleans Times- Democrat,

“Speaking of the bubonte plague,” aald a
New Orleans physician, “I doubt whether tho
entire history of the world affords a more re-
markable example of personal herofam than
was exhibited by Dr. Franz Mueller of Vienna,
who fell a victim to the disease when it was
first under bacteriological investigation in that
city, in 1807. Dr. Mueller contracted the mal-
ady from the bacilllin ‘culture tubes’ and when
he became certain that he was infected he ims
mediately looked himself in an fsolated room
and posted a message on the window pane,
reading thus:

‘Lam suffering from plague. Please do not
sendadoctor to me, asin any event, my end
will comein four or tive daya,’

“A number of his assoclates were anxioua to
attend him, but he refused to admit them and
died alone, within the time he predicted, He
wrote a fareweil letter to his parents, placed it
Aicainsat the window, so it could be copied from
the outside, and then burned the original with
his own hands, fearful it might be preserved
and carry out the mysterious germ, Mueller
was @ young man,on the threshold of a brill-
fant selentifie career, and there was a chance
that he might have Leen saved by treatment,
but he refused to take it, because ft entailed

| the risk of spreading the contagion abroad.”

 

Oom Paul's Berlin Forbears,
From the London Standard,

According toa widely-erdited legend Prest-
dent Kruger’s family originally came from the
town of Mehrin, in the province of Branden-
burg. Some people haveeven professed to point
out the house where his forefathers Itved. As
4 matter of fact the founder of the family was

really born in Berlin, According to a work
just issuedin Berlin and entitied "Paul Kru-
ger, andthe Origin of the South African Re-~
public.” he traces his deseent to James Kru-
ger, aon of Franz Kruger and Elizabeth Krue
ger, née Hartwigs, who was born in Berlin
in 61886, This James Kruger entered
the service of the Dutch East India
Company, and went out to Capa Town in 1713,
Later on he settled down at Stellensbosch, He
married Johanna Kemp and by her had chil-
dren, of Whom the youngest, Hendrik Kruger
was born on April®, 1725. This Hendrik had
ason, Gert hruger, who,on Noy, 12, 1768,
married Suaanna Lacija Boys and resided at
Graaf Reinet. There a_son was born to him,
Stephanus Johannes Kruger, who was the
rrundfather of the President Stephanus

ruger married Sophia Margaretha Steen.
kamp oon Jan, 28, 1708, Of his stg children,
Casper Jan Hendrik Kruger was born in 1x04,
fle married Elsie Francinn. Steyn of Bulhoek,
near Colesherg, and setdied down at Bulhoek.
Here ason was born on Oct, 10, 1825. who was
ehriatened Stephanus Johannes Paulus, and is
now the Presidentofthe Transvaal Republic,

   

Encouraging Ambition,
From the Washington Post,

“Yoa, wa get intocounty jails oveastonally,”
sald the tramp, “but the trouble is they don’t
keep us long enough, A jall isa home-like
place, with plenty to eat, no work and good
treatment. We are generally sentenced for
three months, but after about four weeks the
sheriff picks out three or four of ue and says:

Now, bogs, them iron bars on that winder {s
loose and it's goin’ to ba adark night. Hey
soine an bition about you.’

An old tramp knows what that means, and
he is ten niles away beforadaylight. A tender.
foot flegera to atay on, and next morning the
sheriff comes in and flauds him there and says:

‘What, bain't you got no ambition! Then
T'll give you some! and he boots him out into
the yard and sets him to promenadin’ around
with a log fastened to his leg.”

Belginn Hare Trade,

From the Florida Times. Onion,

We commend the Belgian hare to our growers,
Fvory trucker has enough waste left from his veye-
table shipments, together with our free-growing
legumes, velvet beana, &c., to grow
quantities of the finest meat,

cowpeas,

 

To Kill the Octopna,

When @ man operates @ trust against the public
good don'tinvite Lim to dinner. (From the address
of President jladley of Yale before the Candelight
Club of Denver.)

On, Hadley, head of Eli,
Oh, Prevident of Yale,

You've named the power putesant
Which by no means can fat)

To down the hideous monster
Tuatlurksin every trust

And feeds apona nation
Completely octopussed,

 

The Octopus, dear Hadley,
Is bnilt somewhat like man,
At least, if not exterior,
Then on its inside plan;
For to maintain its being
An‘ all demands to meet,
The Octopus, dear Hadley,
Has sitply gotto eat,

Thee

And who will dare deny

premises admitted

Their trieness?—it muat follow
An Octopns will dic
If he iw permitted

 
   

aor eup,
And tw three tines daily
To MM his insides wp

He's got to do it, Hadley,

   
  

ifaor ho perhaps
Unless there's something in him
He can't he toollape
You jearned th chin college,
And though you neverva
To Yale to get your knowle lye,

You gotit just the same,

 

 

Lut Ob, how cruel, Hedley,
How patuful to a beast
lore anid the others
Tudulsing in a feast

While he, outeide the portals,
Bess le an of slopes

Must sittipon his haunches
And ho his wogrease Lchope
Must lick and go on king,
Aud lebing ery day,
Untilthe starvi creature
Nas licke imeaclt waaay

Andcat ‘ait serenel

Say, Halicy, can you eit

Seren ly at your dinner
With not Gtoit

Ont there + ut its dinner,

 

Facept to lick and lick?

Bay, if you're bound to All it,
Why den’t you Bill it quick?
W. J. Lampton,
. nll * —

 

 

!

|

|

 

| anelent times

    

DEWEY BEFORE HE SAILED

Expressed Confidence That He Could Cap.
ture the Spanish Fleet tn One Day,

Wasurvoron, Jan, 11,~The Secretary of the
Navy to-day, in response to a request of the
Senate, tranamitted a letter written by Admira!
(then Commodore) Dewey, from Hong Kong,
before he sailed to Manila, in which ho ox.
pressed confidence that he could capture thy
Spanteh fleet and reduce the defences of Manila
inoneday. The letteris written on the tlay-
ship Olympia and is dated March Sl, Isim Ig
reads;

“Sim: On tho receipt of your telegram of
Feb, 20, the Olympia, Raleigh and Petre! wore
at this port, and the!Boston and Concord were is
Chemulpo, Korea, The two latter vessels wore
ordered here at once and arrived five days
later, Since thattime the vessels have beea
kept full of the beat coal obtainable, provisioned
and ready to move attwenty-four hours’ notics,
From inspection during the past monthI find
theequadron in a high state of efficiency, I
have been in communication with reliable pore

sons {n Mantia, and am able to give you what
believe to be a true account of the defences o
that place, which are as follows:

The cruiser Keina Christina of 3,000 tons, the
wooden cruiser Castilla, of 3,342 tons; the guns
boats Don Juande Austria and Isla de Luzon,

 

of 1,130 and 1,030 tons, respectively;
about twelve armed tugs and launches
for river service: a battery of five or
possibly six G-inch guns on Oorragi-

dor Island, at the entrance to Manila Bay,
twenty-seven miles from the city. These guns
have only been mounted during the last
month, There {sa clear channel on each aide
of this island, one two and the other
five miles in width A small and weak
battery at Cavite, the naval station, seven
miles by water from thecity. Batteries simila

to the last along the water front of the city itaele
and asmall fort at the entrance to the Pasi

River, About fifteen thousand soldiers of a

arms In all the islands, of which half are tn the
vicinity of Manila. The islands are now {pn @
state of insurrection, and my informants state
even that the Spanish soldiers, who conatituta
only asmall part of the whole, are disaffected,
Born ships and forte are in need of ammu-
nition,

“T believe Tam not over confident in stating
that with the squadron now under my com-
mand the vessels could be taken and the de-
fenoes at Manila reduced in one day. There is
every reason to believe that with Manila taken
or even blockaded, the rest of the islands woul
fall either to the insurgents or ourselves, as
they are only held now through the support of
the Navy and are dependant upon Manila for
supplies. Information has just reached me
that ihere are 5,000 armed rebels in camp near
Manila who are willing to assist us,”

Famagosta's Impending Destruction,

From the London Times,

Famagosta and Rhodes are probably the
most wonderfully preserved of mediaval cftien,
Nothing in Europe can be compared with
them, Both contain examples of the very
finest Gothio architecture in their old cathe-
dra's, churches, palaces, fortifications, It {fs
& pity they are not more known to the travel-
ling public; perhaps if they wero some effort
might have been made for their preservation,
Famagosta is fast disappearing, thanks to the

enterprise of the fow natives who still inhabis
its ruins. Port Said may be sald to be builtous

| of {te stones, carried across to Egypt in little

two-masted lighters at a very profitable rate,
The priceless old carvings of angela, saints,
lions, and what notare rough!y knocked off te
render the stones square, and perhaps to avold

! alarming the good people of Port Said,

The more pore ete destruction of the elty
now contemplated is another matter. It is pro-
posed to build a small harbor for coastin
steamers within the shallow, roeky port o
To effeet this the great walls of
the eity, Which still stand in. the most perfect
preservation, os if abandoned bat yesterday by
the martyred Bragadinoand his brave ecompans
jons of 330 years ago, are to be utilized. That
is to say, their inaterials are to be taken for
the purpose of forming anew quay wall forthe
tramway to run upon and connecting the land.
ing stage beyond the northern axtremity of the
city with the village of Varosha, which Hea
about amile anda balftothe south, From this
latter 4 tramway to Nicosia is to be run,

It seems aterrible evidence of poverty, both
material and sentimental, that a eountry like
Cyprus should be unable to afford to retatn
such a marvellous medieval monument Aaathe
old city of Famagosta, @ possession which in
the future must certainly attract the art-loving
touristand the artist. The beautiful old sea
castie associated with the story of Othello and
Desdemona, with its four round towers, on
which the lion of St. Mark still stands sentine!
with the proud inaeription of the Foscarini
givinga date which seems almost incredible,
considering the absolutely intact condition of
the buildings, must be biastel away as ballast
fora dock tramway by Pnelish engineers,

Merely n Hint,

 

From tha Chicuao Daily News,

Mr. Slowhoy—"In some States there fa alaw
making ita misdemeanor fora man to change
hianume”

Miss Willine—"Yes; but there isnolawinany
State that prohibits a man from changing a
woman's bane.”

Saved by a Tall Man on Skates,
From the Washington Post,

Lexryotors, Va., Jan. &.—James Egolf of Buena
Vista, who fs short of steture, broke through the tco
yesterday while skating near the shore on the North
River, The water was over his heal, and he had gone
down forthe second time when aman over sir feet
tall skated Loldly into the hole, and standing on the
river’s bottom, held Fyolf up until help came, The
rescuer’a name conld not belearned, He was sub
merged to his neck while aiding Egolf.

Bother Enough,

From the Chicago Triduna,

The red-nosed vagrant stopped the preoconpied
citizen at tho street corner

“Dey pardon, sir,” he said, ‘but may T ask” —

“You may ask if you want to," interrupted the
preocenpied citizen, “but [can't tell you, I dom’s
know when the blamed century begins,”

And he hurried on

Setting a Nelghbor Right.
From the Cleveland Plain Dealer,
“Was that your dog that was howling all night™
“T guess it was.”
“Why tn thander don't you feed him?”
“Heavens, man, it's tudigestion that makes him
howl!"

 

 

Hard to Popnlarize.

From (ie Mexiorn Herald,
And not even yet has Oom Paul set the style am
whiskers,

boreign Notes of Real Interest,

tudvard Kipling's “Absent-Minded Beggar,” with
SirArthur Sullivan's music and R. Caton Woodville's
pictures had brought im $250,000 to the Datlp
Mail's war fund by Christmas Day,

Fuyland’s Postmaster-General, the Duke of Nor
folk,is O2 years of age and haa borne his title for
forty yeas, longer than any other buke outside of
the royal family, His only aon is blind and a hope
lesa iin becile

Duke Robert of Parma is @ father for the nine
teenth titue, Only one of his children, the late Prip-
Bulgana, married, The other eighteen,
emht boys and ten girls, live with him in the castle
of Schwarzau in Austria

cera of

  

An English boy's periodical recently took a vote
on the reereations its readers preferred. The reault
wave this order: Football, cricket, eyeling, swim
ming, gyMvastics, reading, rowing, stamp collecting
Croquet came last in alistof twenty-two pastimes
and golf twentieth, Being English boys they knew
nothing of ba oball

Rum will soon cease tobea curse, Two Parte

physicians, Dr, ‘appelier and = Dr Thebault,
have informed the Academic de Médécine that they
have discovered an anti-sleohol aermm, which pros
duces invincible disgust, not only for intuons
hLquora, but for wine and other snbstances « mnitaiu-
ingaleohol, They ask tor @ conimittes to investi

wate their discovery
chiefly cn h

Mheirexperiments have beeu

Teas,
Mr, Serjeant Spinks, whose
Dickens

Nerjeanta,

hame is worthy of
ied recently in London, as the last of te
The serjeante-at-law
lized the practice
their privilewe w

formerly mor
ithe Court of Common Pleae

sa done away with thirty pears

fore the retorm of the law courts ia 147 »putwicnd

totheirofice, Two Jndves are left who be

Jeants, a6 was customary nh beitig ay pointe tt

Hench, but Serjeant Spinks was the last man t

the tithe made famous by My. Ser eant Buzty
Prince Prosper of Arenbers, brother t at

of the house and cousin of the Prowiden:

Suez Canal director and of ¢) ry ara ¢

Society, has been onteneed | Berl

Martial to three ar pt et

welled from the army for a brutal y

luitted in southwest Africa, Whi

B@ district station, atteys ttell with ant ‘

he ordered a sentry to aliootthe man: t ‘

nthe air, bat on the Prone rey eatin

HOt ean Wouuding the black man, It is believed

that the Kaiser will interfere with the ear:
of the sentence, as he has Appointed a cor
to inquire into the Prince of Arenborg’s sauig

 

ca