Ca

 

   

A

panel
My

LOT OF LITTLE PLA

BROUGHT OUT ATA MATINIE
DRAMATIC STUDENTS,

Introduced Last Night in German by
sSchweighofer—An English Veraton
of an Old French Comedy by Ravine,

At yesterday's matinége of pupils of the
American Academy of the Dramatic Arts, at
the Empire Theatre, there were three matters
Oue was the Sret production in

 

Three
belix

of interest
Eng!ish of
cua jistinet success of one of the students tn
ryo widely different roles, The ancient comedy
judged from modern standards, be
ealedafaree, It was the work of Racine, and
had its first performance in Paris {fn 10U8, It
did not meet with popularity until played later
at Versailles, Where Louls XIV, laughed at it,
and thus carried It to public approval, which
jas lasted to the present day, for it is still a
favorite with the French audiences, Its charac-
ters, excoptiag apalr of young lovors, are per-
sons gone mad over lawsults. A Countess and
aman have squandered thelr wealth in useless
litigation. A Judge is insane on the sub-
ject aud holdstrials over his household mat-
ters. Thuswhen hisdog kills a chicken ho
brings the case into a mock court. having his
secretary plead for the dog and his janitor for
thechicken. The Court ts reduced to tears ut
aight of the pupples who will be loft fatherless
if the dog ‘s puntshed forthe murder, The piece
fs made up of such scenes as that, comic in
themselves, but with slight connection. It
had been well translated by A. E. Lancaster,
but the performance was too diMeult for ama-
teurs to undertake, though it gave an interest-
{pg opportunity to the old play.

The player who distinguished herself ap-
peared in two pleces and had a better chance
toshow hertalents in the poorer one, This
was “The Coward,” by E, E. Diestel. Up to a
certain polnt it was engrossing, but, there it

uddeniy fell to common commonplace,
t showed @ German mother, father and
their daughter-in-law. The elders were
glad that their son had gone to fight
for the Fatherland, but the wife missed
him and wished him near her, He came
in, having run away from @ battle. The
father was enraged, the mother grieved and
both turn from him, He was left alone with his
wife whom he expected to stand by him, but
instead ahe advised him = to shoot himeaeif
and so escape disgrace, He consents, but says
that she must die first. She did not
filnch, and he had the pistol at her head, when
he heard the cannon, and came to the rather
tardy conclusion that it was not too late to
save his honor, He returned to the fight, yet
thst majea disappointing end to what promised
to bean interesting play. Ralph Your as the
deserter, John Hons as his father, and Grace
Lee as his mother, were good, It was Dorothy
Teper as the wife who showed exceptional
sromise, Her suppressed emotion was exce!-
fant and she had power, too. In the other
play she u a comedy partina quiet but
effective manner. It was a harder task than
the emotional rn je, but she made a commenda-
bie eff with it

Thisthird play was called “An Idyll of the
Closing Century,” and was a brief likeness to
the cleverly satirical plave written atlength ty
Henry Arthur Jones, R.C. Carton and a half
dozen other English dramatists, Fsteile Bur-
ney Wasthe author. She showed a couple of

“"

would, if

  

 

   
 

  

young persons who had engaged themselves to |

marry, though they both loved others, Their
aim in life was fame. With her money and po-
sition added to his cleverness he intended to
become a Cabinet Minister and get his name
into history, They found, however, that only
two volumes were devoted to SUO years and
hat Pitt got only a page and a half. The young
ellow could hope for no more than a few lines:
60 they decided to give up the pursuit of fame
and follow the inclinations of their hearts
This little conceit was told by Miss Burney
with much cleverness and 4 good deal of under-
lying sarcasm.

Felix Schweighofer was seen last night at the
Irving Place Theatre in anew light. None of
tho rather unsatisfactory farces which have
presented him heretofore was utilized andin
their place the German comedian delivered
three monologues of bis own composition
called “Pictures of Vienna Life.” Ha wore
during this episode the exaggerated costume
of a Viennese dandy and apart from dress and
orchestra had no other aid to the illusion he
sought to present, The first of these sketches
of Austrian life began with the account of an
excursion to Meyerling made by a family in

@earch of a pleasant day in the country The
two young sons, the pet dog and the cook
wentalong with the father and mother. It

was the pet dog that caused the first
trouble, and his reluctance to leave a
first-class carriage and sit with the family in
their modest compartment caused the delay
which led to the loss of the train, The troubles
of the party in the tunnel on the journey and
their final happiness on arriving at their
destination were very amusingly deline-
ated by Herr Schweighofer. He assumed in
turn every character in the little story, gave
them all the right emphasis and ditferen-
tiation and made it always clear which of the
dramatis personm was speaking. His second
monologue dealt with the crowd that gathers
daily at noon in Vienna to hear the band pay
at midday in the courtyard of the parece, The
types which this revealed were, of course, ex-
tremely local, The conchmen, the young girl im-
Dressed with the officers and the famiiar char-
actersof the gathering were all preseat in Herr
Schwelghofer's monologue, which was nowhere
more humorous than in the various conjee-
tures bythe hearers asto the music the band
was playing. His third recital concerned the
visitorafamily to a music hall, and gave the
actor opportunity to display his gifts
of mimicry fn representing the peculiarities
of the various actors in hia stories) The
entire performance displayed weil the German

eomedian's power of rapid characterization and |
termine her condition

his giftsat burlesque. There was no question
of its power to provoke laughter. Every mono-
logue was amusing. But there would have
been more fun and more apontaneity in the

audience's laughter ifthere had be less ex-

  

Aggeration in the comedian’s met As it
was, every phase of character was over-
drawn and too strongly emphasized. But that

Seems to be one ofthe actor's faults. Or is it
rather a juality of his time which is plainly not
ofthe day?

 

Edward EF. Rice has akeen eye to business,
After a small fro behind the scenes atthe
Casino on Wednesday night had been put out,

Gol the wetting of things had prevented a
Performance of “Little Red Riding Hood,” he
Bent the chorus girlsto their homes wear-

Ing the red capes which distinguish them in
the extravacangy The appearance of forty
Birla in these cloaks walking on Broadway was
On efoctual vlyertisament,

In the topical song ofthe Lord Chancellor
“Tolanthe” at American thia week
have been adi They are up to date, but poor
rhyming, and

in

th verses

connection with W, &S. Gil-
bert’s masterful words they jar
It has been Mr. Conried’s custom to bring

 

one Crerman plaver of fameto the Irving Placa

 

   

 

 

 

   

 

     

| Interesting debutagon the same cecasion, M

an old French comedy, another was |
wone-act play of merit, and the third was |

ee

YS. |

 

} this port

| Oliver was brought out if hiecel)

 
 

 
 
  

THE OPERA,

Fritz Friederichs, the German baritone,
has just arrived here, He will make his
debut as Neckmesser in “Die Meistersinger” on

Wednesday, Jan. 24 There will besome other
Van
Rooy will sing Hans Sachs for the fest time bere,
and Mme. Schumann Heink wilh sing Magda-
dena. These two artists appeared together inthe
opera last yoar at Bayreuth M. Iippel will
bing Wailer for the Orst time here in some year

The new works to be given will, as usual, be
delayed until late in the season. “Il Flauto
Magico” will be ready for the first week in Fel)
Tuary, according to the present plans. That
will be followed by “Ierodiade,” in which MM
Seva, Plancon and Scotti and Mmes, Calve
and Mantelji will sing = The third novelty under

the present regime will be Nikolat's "Die Lustgen |

Weiber von Windsor,” in waien Mmes. Sembrien,
Schumann Heink and Johanna Gadski and MM
Bertram, Dippel, Frederichs and Devries will
be heard. ‘the opera will be sung in German

   
 

 

The repertoire for next week begins on Mon-
day with “Die Walkure” to be sung by MM.
Van Dyck, Van Rooy and Lempriere Pringle
and Mmes. Nordica Eames and Schumann-Heink
On Wednesday “Faust” will be sung by MM. Saleza,
Planeon, Scottt and Meux and Mmea Calve,
Mantelli and BKauermeister, On Friday “Aida”
will be repeated by MM. Alvarez, Scotti, Plancon,
Pringle and Vanni. At the Saturday matinee
“Lohengrin” will be given by MM
Bertram, Muhimann and Edovard de Reszke and
Mmes. Nordica and Schumann-Heink In the
evening “I Pagliacci” will be sing by MM. Salig
nac, Mubimann Barsand Seottiand Mme. Adams
with “Cavalleria Rusticana” to be sung by MM
Dippel and  Dufriche and Mme. Calve
Mme. Sembrich is to be tha soloist
concert on next Sunday evening and will sing
for the first time here an aria from “Il Re Pastore’
andan aria from “L'Etoile du ‘ ord” by Méyerbeer
which has not been heard here in years.

 

 

 

MARRIAGES AFTER DIVORCE,

Town Clerk and Clergymen of Greenwich
Want No More Such Cases,

Greenwich, Conn, Jan, 11.—The reputation
which (ireenwich nos obtained as a Gretna
Green for persona who have figured in New
York divorce cases, where they might get mar-
ried out of the jurisdietion of courts in their
State, is now about to wane, for the man who
@ranuts the licenses to wed and the ministers
who marry them, have deelded to mend their
ways and not do unusual things to accommo.
date out-ofetown folks, Town Clerk James R,
Mead, and his assistant, Chester Child, have
Just moved into new quarters iitted up for
them In the town building, and among the new
rules made is cone concerning New York
couples

The clerk's hours are from 9toS. The town
clerk is vested with supreme authority by the
laws of the State to issue licenses to wed. He
recelves a fee of $1 for each one issued. The
past yearthere have been almost as many li-

| censes issued out of hours as in them, and in

every case they were to out-of-town t ‘rsons
Two caused much notoriety, When Perry be!

mont and Mrs, Sloane decided to wad
the day Mr. Sloane recelved his di-
voree, they caine to Greenwich = at
night, got thelr license and were

married by the Rey, Dr. Barrows. A large fee
was paid, but the clergyman regretted his ac.
fon and returned the tee. His death occurred
two months later. [t wassaid it wasa direct
result of worry over hia act of marrying
them. The wedding of Richard Croker War
ren and Mrs, Corse Jast month caused another
sensation, They sroused the Rav WL W,
Gillies, the Methodist clergyman of the town,
at 11 o'clock at night, but he refused to marry
them on moral grounds and also because they
didn’t have a license, Town Clerk Mead drew
up the lieense at midnightand Judge Charles
D. mpraes married them a few minutes after-
war

The Town Clerk and his assistant were taken
away from their pleasures on each of thease and
on many other occasions and they have decided
that the time has came to atop. The clerk suid
to-day:

“One of the new rules this year is one which
affects all these New York peop!» \ ho are com-
ing to Greenwich to follow erry Belmont and
Riehard Croker Warren's example of t
married by moonliehi. It's got to stop,
aslam concerned. Besides being called away
from home at unearthly hours to acconimodate
these strangers, the ministers of the town are
criticising my action in granting licenses at
nightandso causing them the annoyance of
being wroused at any hourland being asked to
marry & couple, Halt the time they refuse,
Hereafter Pifrefuse to grant licenses to out-of-
town people at unusual hours and my assist.
@ntand myself will be saved a great deal of
trouble, and have less notoriety.

  
  

 

STRANDED STTAMER GETS OFT,

The Empress Aground on, False Cape, Near
Hatteras-Floated Before the Storm,

NorFoug. Va., Jan, 11,—The British steamer
Emprees, when the fog lifted this morning,
was discovered to be ashore off False Cape,

near Hatteras, N.C. Whon the news reached
Norfolk over tha Government sea coast
telephone line, the tug men, remember-
ing the Ariosto disaster, hustle! their
boata out of the harbor with a rush.
The Merritt. Rescue ‘ed by an hour the
tues Marvy E, Lueckenbaoh and Ocean King

whan she passad Cape Henry outward bound
atl o'el ok thia alternoon

Itappeared later thatthe Empress, a freighter
of INT tons register, bound from Galveston
for Copenhagan by way of Norfolk witha cargo
of grain and cottonseed products, valued at
$84,401, and acrew of about twenty-five men,
wna stranded some two and one-half miles off

shore. A atitf gale and heavy sea were on, but
the False Cape life savers launched a boar and
rowel alongside The crew stuck to tha

stranded ship, however, and the life savers
came ashore, At_2:15
the steamer got off unalded and proceeded for
So far as appearances go,she was
unhurt, but a survey will be held here to de-

Soon after the steamer floated a storm arose,
There is little doubt that had she not floated
before the storm came she would have been
pounded to pieces. Where she lay no man
would have ventured to-night in the storm
which prevalls. She is owned by Siverwriaht
Bacon & Co., West Hartlepool. A dense fog fell
shortly after she floated, The tugs had not re-
turned at 9 o'clock to-night and all are fog
bound,

FINED 895 FOR HUGGING,
Baltimore Man 65 Years Old Punished For
Embracing a Woman on the Street,

Bar timone, Jan, 11. -Jamea Oliver, about 05
years old, waa floed $25 and coststhia morning
by Justice Grannan for hugging Miss Mav
Sliver near her home last night. Miss Sliver
was atthe central atation this morning whon
She testified
that not only had Oliver hugged her, but that

twoother women hal comp!ainad of him for
similar offences. Whene duponto makes
statement Oliver said that he had been drink-
ingandthat hawas siie¢htiy unsteady on bis

 

} feet. He further said that he had pleces of iron
on his heels and that these bh ‘) ‘Ansed him to
alip. It was while trying to sate himeel? from
a fall that ho hugged Miss Sliver, At this
point of bis testimony Miss Sliver eatd;:

“Tharisn'tso. He deliberately came over to

me and squeezed me, your Honor.”
Magistrate imposed the fine he told) the pris-
onerthat he was dealing lightly with him, as
the offence was grave, When Oliver was tol
thar id haveto pay a fine of $25 and
ate he exelaimed
don't know how T'
nth: world
n back to his eo!!
snot paid

     

 

   

i 1 pay the money; I
haven'tacent |
Oliver was tik

if the fine

He will go
to

al

MIS STEPS" DaRAWATIZED,
The Rev. Mr. Sheldon Mears That Mis Story
Has Been Made Into a Play for London,

“yy

 

    

Torrna, Kan., Jan, 11.-The Rew. Charles M.
Sheldon, author of “ln His Steps, or What
Would Jesus Do? heard to-day that Francia
Neflaon bad dramatized the story in London
where the book has hata large sale. He eon-

fesses that he cannot. prevent its use on
stage in Eeng'and, for he neg ected to copyright

ty it there,

“Ifthe story could only be played by Christian
actors,” he said, “it would bea blessing to the
world, but by immoral piavers and under the
direction of a present-day manager the opposite
effeet will be had.”

Mr. Sheldon says the story will not be put on
the stage in America

| St. France Xavier Students Produce ‘The

Bells."’

Students of the College of St. Francis Xavier

| produced ‘The Bells” last night in the College

eVery seas 1s Agnes Sorma, Mr. Sonnenthal, |
and this your F x Sechwelghofer. IIe an-
bounces that he import another great
actor to his th April, but refuses to give
the nam, as he says the bargain Is not cons
bieted. He saya, though, that this time he will
Show & tragedic Will use, for one thing, |
8 German transintion of “Hamlet
,tondon has no lack of actoremanagers.
Th irham inclined to increase, Robert
la er, ir Whom our dniia Marlowe has just
. ! nd nned Henry Irve
ie ne his wife and
‘ Nee iro, of the Adelphi
nt wil be D'Arcy of the
so rie. iw he will, of course, play the
1 ' rh i : ager always does that
; nORe 1 . Who is a elever and |
. 8 x ny Wes encouraged by tha
oe 7 Mit Harvey, an inconspicuous
} ‘ir Henry Irving's company, Mr,
ony OnKert t ! um an! brought out
{ veay Which Mr, rolimis 4
He Miller into he 1 Mr, Frohman put
fond Wynilne ne of the established
er wi reet theatres, has a
} led 4 wpear onext  Mareh
e Bergerac whieh has
at oa 1 perfor nee ti
et rah, after
ran ed not to use ft
\ te iprealto meas an
he New York lately;
° n he made much
woof the role, “Being |
mantic 4 on : . e oar AD? Fae
a 1 Was s ‘ that the part
hohe os : Ne for me” Wyndham has
great "Nd comic abilities and ia a
there don, He may express all
;, rmanxe his audiences think

s ‘
Irs. O'Neil Sues Mer Creditors,

Mostne

 

 

: At, Qneheo Jan 11.—Vre. HJ O'Neil
oF Chicag )was arrested here some time
i i Voehorge of defrauding her ereditora
n on eluently released, has eome
Dat ber ces tes faalost the ereditors who

rat for 850,000 damages

“ Lens-Locked Serew Eyeglasses

a) he ’
Fir fee to bs appresiatod. Chreatay free, W.

; BOU, Optics, 52M 28d at—Ade,

| a number

Theatre, 40 West Sixteenth street, before a big
The performance was witnessed by
of Catholie clorgynien
and they wers eothusiastic in ap
efforta of the amateur actors ho ploy wue
produeed onder the stage direction of W. Her-
bert Adama ofthe class of 100, Among the

nudienee
prominent

studenta who took part were Thomas A
| Brennan, I, D. Field Maione, Cisrenes W.
Donovan. francis A. Fullam. Joseph Lilly,

| Walter BE. MeDonnel, Arthur J. Hilly, Vincent

wibell, dames Coyle, Henry A. Mowuarte,
Fee Carey, Herbert & Walsh, Wilham
&. Dolan, Willlam A. Connaughton, James J.

Griffin and Raymond Lamb,

Van Dyck, |

5 o'cioek thia afternoon |

When the |

THE SUN, FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1900.

  
 

AN,

HE WON'T TALK TO HER AND SHE |
| Weat Thirty-sixth street just as soon as the

SUES FOR A SEPARATION,

“AIL You Did Was to Smoke, and, Toueh on
What Subject | Might, I Never Got a Ke.
sponse Beyond Yes or No''-Hle Rejoins
That She Locked Herself in’ Her Room,

Lucy Lamberton and her husband. Edward
8., who Is employed at a salary of $4,000 by a
Sugar brokerage firm, each has an action for
separation on the calendar, He {fa suing in
Brooklyn on allegations of abandonment, and

 

| her suit is here based on ernelty and desertion,

 

atithe |

 

 

the |

Her motion for alimony in her action was on
before Justice Litzgerald of the Supreme Court
yesterday

She was a schoolteacher in Kansas City,
They were married when she arrived here for
her vacation on July 27, last, She says that
they had hardly cet off on thelr wedding tour
to Niagara Falls and other places when he
began to hold aloof from her, to disregard her
altogether when they were fn company, and to
speak to her in monosyllables only, when sho
sought to draw him into conversation, This
conduct continued, on thelr return to this city,
at 100 West Sixty-fourth street whero they
went to board, Money was scarce, too, she
says, and sometimes she had to borrow her
car fares from other persons. When she up-
ralded him, she avers, he said: “What did
you marry me for, anyway” Sho left bim on
Noy, 14, last, and next day sent him a letter
saying:

“Since my marriage with you on July 27th
you have been only a husband in name, as you
have nevershown any warmth, never made
any advances tome, and your general treat-
ment has been calculate! to tnepire contempt
ratherthan induce love. You dragged me to
Plainfleld and made a recluse out of me for a
month, with no companions whatever, and o
An evening When we sat on the veranda, a!
you did was to amoke, and touch on what sub.
ject I might, I never gota reaponse beyond
yes or no, or something equally brief,

“When we came to New York I thought
things would surely improve but, alaa, for my
fond hones! In all these weary, weeks you
have hevereven suggested one bit of recrene
tion, I tried, till Tsawit was a hopeless task,
to draw you into some kind of intelligent con-
Vereation, and then I was compelled to give
that up, [could never have believed it possie
ble, had Inot experienced it, that in thts day
and age, at the close of the gineteenth century
a human being calling himself a man would
humiliate a woman to such an extent ne to
compel her to ask him for every dollar she
needs,

“Task you ina spirit of fair play and rights
mindedness to please collect my things (they
are not very valuable), and put them in in
trunk and send them to 57 West Twelfth
street, desire no publicity and Lam eure you
do not, so will you kindly write me what vou
ean allow me per week, a3 T am convinced that
for inyself there can be no other way than a
separation from you. I hope you will make no
attempt to see me but will write whenever you
have anything to communieate.”

Lamberton said tn opposition to the motion
that he had opened the honeymoon in a social

  
 

us

spirit, but that his wife repulsed him and
would lock herselfin her room, A . Hume
mel,for the plaintiff. sald his elient had re-

jected an offer of Lamberton to give her 9260
on condition that she @o back to her sehool
teaching in the West. The court reserved dee
cision,

LOCKED THEMSELVES IN,

Mother and Daughter Think Enemies Are
Atter Them and Shut Themselves Up,

Hartronp, Conn., Jan. 11,—A peculiar case
of destitution due to hallucination has been
discovered by the Humane Society {n South
Manchester. Mra. Augustus Moffett and her
daughter Pertha, who ts 38 years old,
recently came to that town from Prov-
ldence, R. I. The daughter obtained em-
ployment in of the mills where she
could earn adollaraday. She worked only a
short time when she got an idea that enemies
had followed her from Providence and were
bothering her, She gave up her situation with
the remark thatshe and her mother might as
well starve and freeze to death aa to try to live,
Then they barricaded themselves in their
house and have since refused to answer any
summonusat the door. an! have not been seen
fora week, the last time being when a grocer
delivered & quarter's worth of goods and re-
egiveda$2 note with instructions to keep the
change

They could have had but a emall supply of
Provisions on hand when they went into se-
clusion, and it isa tr perety as to what they

one

  

   

have been living on ifthey are stillalive. It 1s
believed by many that they must have suc.
cumbed by this time The town authorities

are considering the advisability of forcing an

entrance,

 

FUTURE OF THE MOODY SCHOOLS,

All Three In«titutions Will Be Controlled
by One Management,

A meeting of the trustees of the three ineti-
tutions known aa the Moody Schools, tho
Northfleld Seminary and Training School for
Young Wornen, the Mount Hermon School for
Young Men and the Bible Institute, Chieago,
was held yesterday for the purpose of deciding
how the schools should be managed in the
future. It was decided that the three institu.
tions should be controlled by one management
and toappoint a Financial Committee and an
Advisory Committes to have entire charge of
the businesa affaire, The following Moody
Memorial \ Ivisory Committes wi then ap-
pointed: William E. Dodge, James Talcott,
Ansou Phel 8 Stokes, Jr ye W. MeWi Jama,
Morr!s K. Jesup, D, Willis James. John 8.
Kennedy and Tra D, Sankey, all of New York;
FG. Keith, Cyrus MeCormick and Victor
Lawson of Chicago: John H. Converse ond
John Wanamaker of Philadelphia; C. A, Hop.
king of Boston, and Trancis White of Balti.
more, The properties are valued at about
$1.500,000, About 400 students attend the
Northiie.d and Mount Hermon Sehools, and
there are about three hundred students at the
Chicago Institute

7IST MAN

 

 

 

  

     

 

ARRESTED,

In a Divorce Suit—His Wife Intimates That
He Needed a Bible tn the War,
Tesiia V. Mockbrid@e, ua
Seventy-first Kegiment. wos arrested on an
order of Justion Andrews of the Supreme
Court yesterday, ond held in $1,000 bail, in an
action brought against him by Irene M. Mock-
bridge for absolute divoree, The plaintiff, who
lives with her father at 20% Amaterdam avenue,
avers that the defendant has threatened to
leave the State, She accuses him of Intimacy

hiember of the

with several women whose names are un-
known to ber, Ahe alleges that he left her
without any meane of aupport on April

28, SS, and enlisted for the war with Spain,
ond avers further:
“And your petitioner has been informed and

; Verily believes that duriog the time said plain-
| tiff Wasengiged in actual warfare, on several

ocenasions he sont tothe sister of petitioner for
A Bible, saying ju such requests that he belleved
he was going to be shot and that be wanted
ro read the Bible, and eonsequentiy, and by
reason thereof, to turn overa new leaf.”
DEWEY ACOLPTS,
The Admiral and Mle Wife Will Attend the
Dinerold Ballon Feb 7,

President J,

James Byrne and George J
O'Keefe of the Drooklvn Emerald Society went
to Washington on Wednesday for the purpose
of extending an invitation to Admiral George
Dewey and Mrs, Dewey to attend the fortheom.
ing annual ball of the society at the Academy of

 

Musie, They called ipon Admiral Dewey yes.
terday, accompanied by the Brooklyn Con-
gresamen, and received his acceptance of the

invitation The ball had been ortginally flxed

for Jan JO but was

aretoanttenia reception in thelr honorat the

| Brooklyn Union League Cinb on the evening

piauding the |

of Feb. & The entire proceeds of
asusnal, bedevoted to the benefit of the Homan
Catholic Orphan Asylum, and the
corps of that institution will be present to pass
in review before the Adiniral,

Lewis-Kernan,

Utica, Jan. 11.—Misa Tanbel M. Kernan,
daughter of Mr. and Mra. Nicholas E. Kernau
of this city, waa married at high noon to-day
to Clifford Lewts, Jr, formerly of Philadelphia,
recently of Telea, by Cardinal Gibbons. The
occasion wasths soca! event ofthe season In
local cireles, The bride ia a granddanghter of
the late United States Senator Francia Kernan

and the groom is Superintendent of Bridges on
ew York Central

 

the Mohawk Division of the N
Among the gueets present from out of town
were Mr. and Mra. Clifford Lewis, Sr. Miss
Fitnor Lewis, David and William B. N. Lewis
of Philadelphia, Mr, and Mra, Michael J. Jen-
kins of Daltimore.H. C, Thayer of Philadelphia,

“Misa Gariand of Wilmington, Del,, the Hon,
and Mra, John D. Kernan, Miss Kathleen Kor
an, Mra, Jules Raynoland Mra. Tone of New

fork, and the Rey. Father George E. Quinn of
the Jesult Order, Troy,

woatponed until Feb. 7 to |
avcommodate the Adiniral and his wife. who |

the ball will, |

| the game
years and it has 4o juterested me that [L eould |
nu hands which IT held in games a year |

|

|

 

® cess forit
| when the author

 

|

} name
lof Emancipation,

LIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWN,

The Whist Club of Now York expecta to
move into the home which tt has bought at 13

changes vecessary are completed, and some of
the members say that this solid Indication
prosperity ladueto bridge whist, The olub,
during its comparatively short existence, has
developed a lot of erack players and their akill
ig attested by many trophies. In speaking of
the growth of tho club one of the members said
several days ago: “The inerensed interest
in whist which bas been so marked for several

years now is largely due to the fact
that people aro studying {t seriously A
person who plays whist only occasionally

and then very carelessly fluds very little in
T have played the gamo closely for

tell y
ago. ‘There are men inthe club whose memo-
ries have been so developed that without effort
they can call every hand played at a@ board sev-
eral days after a game. Such feats are not as
difflioult as they would seem to a person who
does not play whist. I know of one whist

player in this city who, if he bad no
other business, could easily make four
or five thousan! dollars a year teaching

the game to various women’s clubs wround
the country. He yielded to the persuasion
of one such club and gave a series of ten les.
sons for which he received $190. There are
several men in New York who do inake
ood Incomes teaching whist, Lut the demand
‘orexperts ia greater than the supply. Bridge
whist, which has become so popniar, differs
from the old game only slightly so. far @s the
play {sp concerned, but its syscem of scoring ia
80 arranged that tt may be made a gembilng
game. The game {8 pares atacertain {xe

rete per point, say five cents, and to aome
players this gives an. added interest in the
game.” The new clubhouse ts to be renovated,
and when it is completed it promises to be a
notable addition to New York's already long
list of such houses,

Miss Howe's suit against Mrs, Skinnerto re-
cover $24,000, which she claims as compensa-
tion for the social services, developed, as one of
the witnesses to prove the value of her ser-
vices, a “social expert’ who has had a broad
experience not only In coaching parsons who
unexpectedly found themselves in “polite so-
ciety” but iu assuming many of the little
household cares of women of refinement. She
proved very clearly that a knowledge of the re-
fluements of life and executive ability in
household management are saleable and that
well equipped for it may find
employment. The expert who
says that she is willing to
superintend everything from polishing of
women's boots and serubbing floors
to arranging house decorations and givin
arge dinners, It wae toalarge extent Wari
MoAllister'’s ability asa social organizer that
made him conaplenous, and there are in New
fork to-day a dozen persons whose Incomes
come either direetly or indirectly from the fact
that they have expert social knowledge, tf it
oan be classified in that way. The househol!
© one wealthy man who came here from the
West a few years ago and recently died was
ulded by a soeial member who was nom-
nallya@ private secretary, [His knowledge of
ood society in New York was of great value to
is patron, and 't undoubtedly saved him from
many social pitfalls, Another woman with
similar knowledve, who was thrown on her
own resources not long ago. became a apeotal-
ist. She organizes benefits and entertain.
ments for charity, The success of affairs of
this sort depends almost entirely upon
whether or no it can be label ed aaa society
event. People will not pay $3 a ticket for an
entertainment, which as a rule is not as good
as half the cheap vauderille shows, unless
they are led to believe that society has en-
dorsed it. This apectalist looks after the en-
doreement and if ber work ia properly done the
suceeas of the affair is assured, A very few of
the wine agents receive good salaries because
they have the entree to good society, They do
hot belong to the class of boomers who earn
their salaries by loudly calling for their special
brand of champagne in barrooms where it {s
not sold, and they do thelr work much more
skilfully, One man in New York who is a
member of several good clubs owes the luxury
{yn whieh he lives much of the year to
the fact that he is a good entertainer
andanexnert cook. He does not of course re-
ceive a salaryas a cook but he is invited to join
parties which are made up for long railroad
excursions in private cars, or he is a guest at
some country house and when he isin town he
might be a guest at dinners at various clubs
every nightin the week if he chose He repays
this hospitality by cooking some special dish
as no other man in town can cook it and by his
good humor and powers of entertaining,

One of tho largest of the restaurants In the
theatre district which has employed waiters
with whiskers that ranged from a small mus-
tache toa full Boor beard, issued not long ago
an orderthat hereafter ail its waiters must be
smoothly shaven to conform with the elegance
ofthe new decoratious, and the walters have
made the usual protest. The transformation,
however, has been a pleasing one tothe patrons
of the piace even if it has offended the sense of
dignity of tha men who serve them, It doesn't

 

a woman
constant
testified

  

apperse the waiter to tell him that
beards and mostaches are not as popu-
lar as they once were, and that the
vercentage of men who wear no whiskers

agrowing larger al! the time. Tho amooth
face to the walter is a badge of servitude and ha

ates it. Various coachmen’s organizations in
New York have discus similar orders is-
suedtothem with much bitterness and no lit-
tlo oratery. One such organization debated
the question as to whether or not the members
should obey an orter to shave every evening
for a week, and finally aplit into two factions,
one yielding to the order from theiramployers
and the other risking dismissal tor the sake of
their whiskers and independence,

 

Dr. Edward MeG!lynn outlived nearly all the
men who were closely identified with him in
the movement which resulted in his excom-
munication. Foremost among those conspicu-
ons inthe Single Tax and the Ant!-Poverty So-
ciety agitation was Henry George, whose
dramatic death in the Mayoralty campaign oe-
eurred after Dr. MeGlynn had been restored to
the Church. Father Malone, although never

officially connected with the movement, was
well Fnown to be in aympathy with it and a
warm friend of Dr. MeGlynn; his death go-
curred less than a mouth ago. Another of br.
MoGivnn'a advisers who has ainea died was
Gaybert Barnes, who married a niece of Dr
MeGignn. Mer. Preston was anotherof the
men now dead who played an_important part
in the MeGlynn controversy. Father Malone's
nephow is almost the only one left by the group
of pen who were closely identifled with br,
MeGlynn.

Dr. Hillis said that he had good authority for
the statement which he mado in Plymouth
Church on Sunday night, that President Lin-
coln came to Brooklyn tn disguise to seek the
advice of Henry Ward Beecher, Without cast.
{nw any donbt on the story, the following inel-
dent which it suggests may be narrated, A
few years agoamanof good address went to
oneotthe largest publishing houses in this
city and presented for consideration a achame
ofa book which he proposed to write, He cer.
tainly had amass of interesting information,
and after talking with him the publisher told
him that he would take tho be The
author's idea was to devote the work
to telling about inconspicuous men who

had left their mark on history, Theae wera
the unknown king makers of various ages, One
of the most surprising facta whieh the author
was going tomake publie in his book waa the
of the mon who wrote the Proclamation
which has been generally
credited to Lincoln. Arcording to him, it waa
written bya ian who hol recently died leay.

 

 

Ms

ing a fortune of $8,000,009, to the surprise of
every one who knew him. The author seemed
to have proof of his assertion, and he wrote tha
book, The publisher antisipated a great auc

The hook wos set np, and one day
had shed correcting hia
proofs he calied the head of the frm aside and
eal

“Bee here, I have a verv sensational state.
ment to make to you [ts effeeta would be
wide reaching If it hecame known. Will you
promise to keep it to yourself?”

This soundet very serious and the publisher,

    

 

‘ | Aomewhat agitated in expectation of an im-
military |

portant disclosure, said
reveal it

“Then, sir,’ said the author seriously, “I
willadmitto vou that I am George Washing-
ton,”

The author's book was not isaued, Some-
how the rssertion that Prosident Lineoln came
to Beecher's house at midnight in disguise an!
returned to Washington before morning, un-
recognize), reealiod thie story to a Inan who
read Dr, Hillis's statement

that he would never

Second Cinderella Cotilion,

The second of the Cinderella cotillions for
thie season was given last night at Dodworth’s,
12 East Forty-ninth street. The young people
who belong tothis serles were inthe ble ball
room by fo'eloek. Dancing waa informal ui
till, when supper was served. The eotililon
was danced between LL:d0 and 1 o'elock

IF YOU CONTEMPLATE
f visit to the city, read over the Board and
} am pavecsinerments in Tat Sux, Very one
ortable and desirable accommodations muy be
feuud through this mediuin.—Ade.

of |

DUKE OF BEDEORD'S GIFT,

SENDS THUREU FAST INDIAN DEIR
TO TUK BRONX 700.

Animals Quarantined by the Government
~Takes Three Days to Get Them Out
With a Bill for Cartage and Feed—Wiill
Have a Stove in Th ir Winter Quarters.

The New York Zodlogieal Society has re-

 

 

_ property who are affected. The lease holders

celved a present fromthe Dake of Bedford in|

Fog'and inthe shapeofthros fine specimens
ot Past Indian deer, representing two varl-
eties
animals at the Zollog'cal Gardens in
Park,

The soelety and its Custom House broker
discovered at the luat moment, when they

Bronx

| thought that all matters of form had been com-

pied with, that Uacle Sam has a quarantine
for animals, and that tho Custom House
authorities had no right to release the deer
until the United States animal quarantine
officers hart passed upon therm

The deer arrived on Mo- day on the steam*

ship Geogiana «at tier 4%) North River,
fond the egents immediately asked Dr,
Doty at quarantine station if he eould
not help them out. Dr Doty said he
would pass the deer ff ther soul ot
,@ bill of health for them. All of Tuesday
| was used up in this way, and whea

|

all of Dr. Doty's requirements were met it was
fonnd that the United States quarantine was

us strong as ever oud could only be broken by
getting Dr Pope, of Garflald, N.J., to pass the
doer Even Dr. Pone eould not let the deer

into the country without a ffteen-day obser-
vation, unless the Secretary of Agriculture at
Washington said so A telegram was sent to
Washington, Dr Pope was brought to look at
the deer, and, after two more days’ work, the
animals were offlc.aily released yesterday
afternoon,

‘The agents bad Jast seen the animals in
cases, landed on the steamship wharf, on
Wednesday afternoon, When they sent for
them yesterday it waa found that they had
been sent toa United States bonded stable at
58 Greenwich street, and although this wag
but one and one-bal! blocks uway, there was a
hill to be paid of $4 for cartage and $3 for feed,
‘The cartage charge was 50 per cent. more than
the soclety pald to huve the deer carted from
the stable to Bronx Park. The bill was pat
andthe deer sent on their way. Thoy are to
be exhibited ina paddock near the main en-
tranee of the gardens not far from the herd
1ONFe,

All three of the new deer are bucks. Two of
them are of the Equine variety and the other la
of the Rusa variety. ‘The latter {a declared to
ben particularly fine specimen and is five years
old, They are not rugged animals and their
house on thelr range has been fitted un witha
stove for the winter. The deer will only be
allowed onthe range in sunny and moderate
weather,

 

THEY WANT 170 SEE ODELI,

McGovern, Dixon, “Three-fingered Ike'’ or
Others Worry His Telephone.

The Hen. Luther Little, who manages the
Republican State headquarters while Chair-
man Odelland Col. Reuben Fox are not in
town, {8 seriously considering the advisability
of calling on Chief of Polfve Devery for protecs
tion, Mr, Little's troubles are due to the state-
ment made by Mr. Odell that the MoGovern-
Dixon sparring exhibition was a “fake.” Mr,
Odell went away from town almost immediately
after he had made this statement. Mr. Little
has made uphis mind that Mr. Odell gave a
great exhibition of aagacity in doing so.

Mr. Little’s troubles began soon after he had
openel the headquarters yesterday morning.
Mr. Little wae at his desk, reading an up-State

paper, when the telephone bell rang. He went

to the telephone,

“Hello!” satd Mr. Little.

“Hey,” said the man at the other end of the
wire. “Is dis de place where de Republican
wang hangs out?”

“This {s Kepublican State headquarters,”
said Mr, Little {n his most dignified telephone
voice,

“Wall, say," went on the voice, “is dere a
stiff named Odell dere?"

“There are no stiffs in the Republican or-

ganization,” replied Mr. Little. “If you want
the chairman, he is not here. Who are you?”

“Tm Terry McGovern,” said the other map
“Dat's who Tam, and don’t you forget it, and t
want ter ses dia man Odell. He says I'm a
foke, dye see. and I'll show him Taint, Where
kin f flod him?”

“L don't know where you can find him, Mr,
McGovern,” said Mr. Little. “Ie isn't here,
don't know where he is or when he'll get back.”
“Well, I'l come down dere and see for me-
aelf,” said the alleged MeGovern. “If he’s
dere I'l gethim, You tell him I'm looking for
him. Dat's all.”

The telephoye cut-off rang vigorously in Mr,
Little’s ear. Ho hung up the recelver and
went back to his desk, rather startled. He
s00n became intereaste! in the up-State papers
again, however, und had recovered his usual
poise when the telephone rang again, ys
unne is dat man Odell in?’ was the ques-

on,

“Mr. Odell isn't here,” said Mr, Little. “What
do you wish?” ~

“T wish he'd been punched by Tarry McGov-
ern the way I was.” said the man, “Dis ts
Dizon, Tjus' wish Gdeil't got it himeelf,”
“Well, what can I do for you, Mr. Dixon?”
asked Mr, Little.

“Weill, yon might send me some arnica.” was

the answer, ‘An’ tell Mr. Odell I'm eomin’
down to saplain things to him.”
Mr. Little carefully hung up the receiver,
went into thecommittee room, and peeped out
of thedoor into the corridor. No one was in
sight. Then he closed the door, and arrang-
ed the mimeograph before it so that it couldn't
6 opened too quickly, Then by an ingenious
arrangement of mirrors he provided « means
whereby he could aee, while sitting at his desk,
any person who entered the corridor. Then
he returned to work. Throughout the day fie
was called to the telephone several times, and
fonnd that he had been called up by gentlemen
with su ppemes, as “Serappy Sam the Slug-
er,’ “Three Fingered lke,” “The Blac
famond” and “Rough House Bill,” all of
whom announced that they wanted iP see Mr.
Odell and convince him that neither MeGovern
nor Dixon was a “fakir,” and that Tuesday
nicht'a fight was not “fixed,” Mr. Little wishes
Mr, Odell would quell the excitement he has
created,

 

WHAT KILLED THIS LINEMAN?

Left Off His Robber Gloves, but It May
Have Been the Fall That Waa Fatal,

Michael Clark, a night inspeetor, employed
by the Manhattan Electric Light Company,
was killed early yesterday morning while at
work on a lamp pole at Fourteenth street and
Ninth avenue, Whether his death was tho ro-
sultof a fall or is directly traceable to the
electric shock whioh he received will only be
shown by an autopsy which will be performed
by Coroners’ Physician Williams, Clark was
known in Iineman’s parlance as a “trouble
hunter,’ his duty being to make tests of the
system with a view of locating possible breaks
in the olrguits, Only the most experienced
and trusted linemen are called upon to do this
work, and Clark had the reputation of being
extremoly varefal,
Since the Manhatta, company’s plant was
disabled at the time of the wall paper factory
fire in Fost Twenty-fourth street, power has
anpolled forthe lights from a station (n
street, but the system has not been
ilte right since the change was
Yeaterday morning abo t 5 o'cloek
Clark was Kent out oO make teats. When he
Went upthe pole in Fourteenth street, Lamont
Movitt, a helper, remained on the ground.
Mofite was leaning against the pole and | ok-
{ng down tho avenue when he heard a thud
and saw Clark lying face down in the atreat
He turned Clark over, began to work his arma
toiniuece artificial reapiration, Across Clark's
left hand Was a blaek streak andin his ~eket
Moffitt saw his rubber gloves, showing that tor
once the inspector had been careless

There Was noone around when the acoldent
harpened, but some persone iv 9 restaurant on
the corner finally cama to Moffitt's assistance
One of thease wasa Mr Agnew of 40 Ninth ave-
nue, a produce dealer, MomMtt aske:l the latter
fogetan ambulance. Agnew had some diff.
euty in doing 80. Theelerk atthe Now York
Ho pital refised ts listen toa call from any ono
but a policeman, Agnew found VPolleeman
Carew { was nenriy half an hour, they
aay, before an ambulance arrived, ond when
Dr Shine saw Clark the man was dead
_ Superintendent Stevenson of the installation
department of the electric light companyat fa
Duane street anid yesterday thar Clark might
have been killed by the shock. asthe npany
taeda iireet current, which was sufficient to

 
    

Wo! ki

k Thim, Clark was 80 years old and lived at
45 bast Soventy-eighth street
Mayor's Message Printed Tardily, but

Printed Twice,

Readers of the City Necord were deeply gratl-

fled At yesterday's edition. The Mayor's mes.

| 548° Ws printed intwoplaces in full. andthe
toard of Health contributed dainty map,
four inchas square, showing the borough
bonndaries, and with contagions dsease,

|
|

hospitals and boron@h offees of the depart-

ment indieated by erosses and dots respectively

The Expression of Contentment

worn by a Sun reader may be traced to two

things—frst, to the fact that he reads that

through easootation with boomtauks advestlonrs
ation @ adve

Who use ite columns.—Ade,

 

The doer were added yesterday to tho |

Ee

   

   

 

| Art Sales and Exhibitions,

ASTOR GROUND RYNT TO BE RAISED,

More Than Double for Tenement-Honse
Sites After May 1.

Formal notice has been served on the lense-
holders of Astor property in this city, whose
leases expire on May l, that ground renta will
be inersased from $350 # year to $750 alter
that date, The notive has brought a wail of
protest from the owners of bulidings on Astor

 

 

Three Important

ABSOLUTE PUBLIC SALES.
"AMERICAN ART GALLERIES,

MADISON SOUARE, SOUTH, NEW YORE,

| FREE VIEW FREE VIEW
9 until 6. 9 until 6.

| HENRY MOSLER’S
Genre Paintings

AND HiS

Studio Effects,

To be sold on the evening of Thurse
day Next, January 18th, at 8 o’Clock,
and afternoon of Friday Next, January
19th, at 2:30 o’Clock,

reece eae

maintain that the annual repairs and taxes,
together with the ground rent, already cate up
aluostallofthe income from their property,
and that the proposed jucrease will ruin them
A large nuinber of the lease holders have al-
ready called at the office of the Astor eatate
with fg@ures to show thatthey cannot pay the
lnerenas d rent. They have been told to put
theircomplaints in writing, This they have
done, but up to date no action has been taken
on the protests,

Most of the property affected is tenement.
house property in the vicinity of Avenue A and
First avenue and between Fourth and Sixth
Streets, dSlostol the houses are old fashioned
andthe rooms do not command high renta,
The owners @ay that they cannot keep them
full, and that, even under present conditions,
it is only possible to make a few hundred
dollars @ year outofatenoment. Their prop-
erty has already depreciated in value, they say,
and the proposed increase will depreciate it
nore,

It is understoo | that a number of the house-
owners banded together and offered to buy the
ground on which their houses stand, but were
told that the property is not for sale.

 

   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
  
    
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
     
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
  

TO SAVE THE PALISADES, ALSO AM
New York and Now Jersey Joining Hands— E di C Il :
eee. Gentes oh Muy Visit Trenton. xtraor inary 0 ection
The Society for the Preservation of Sceniy or

and Historic Places and Objects met yesterday
at the office of the President, Andrew H. Green,
and decided to send a committee to Trenton,
to work in. conjunction with a New Jorsey
committee for the enactment fof legislation to
save the Palisades. Gov, Roosevelt, it was
sald, will accompany the committee and Goy,
oorhees has announced himself in favor of
the proposed legislation, An effort will also be
made to procure the enactment of similar leg-
iglation in this State,

Antique and Modern

Japanese and Chinese
Art Objects,

Curios and Textiles

and a number of

ELABORATE BRONZES

Suitable for Garden and Lawn Ornae
mentation,
Imported by the firm of
YAMANAKA & CO,, Osaka and New York.

To be sold on the afternoon of Tues
day and Wednesday, January 16th aad
17th, at 2:30 o’Clock. '

MARINE INTELLIGENCE.

MINIATURE ALMANAC—THI8 DAY,
7:28 | San sets..4.55 | Moon risea...4:44
HIGH WATER—THIA Day,

Sandy Hook..4:54 | Gov, 'd 6:26 | Hell Gate... 7:10

Arrived—Tuvrapar, Jan. 11.

Bs Trave, Christoffers, Bremen, Jan. 2

be John Banderson, Erekind, Yokohama, Oct, @,

Se llogarth, Taylor, Rio Janeiro, Dec, 1¥

Sa Cherokee. Garvin, Aza, Dec. 27

b# Harald, Utne, Port au Prince, Dee, 25,

Ss Vidar, Sorensen, Frontera, Dec. 31

Sa La Grande Duchesse, Hanlan, Savannah, Jan, 8,

Sun rises

 

 

Be pppoe Anne evs BOstOl, Jan. 10, -_-__ 1

ta Old Dominion, Durkee, Boston, Jan, 10 '

Be pores, yee Mate, Norfolk, Jan. 10 AND THE f
4 Laureldenes, Tippett, Baltimore, Jan 0 t

Se. HM, Whitney, Wallott, Boston, Jan. 10, a

Bip Fpincown, ry ke Y eohame, Bay he : BRINKLEY-CONDER i
ork Mannie Swan, Higvins, Paecagoula, Dec, 24, i seams dans I

Bark Lancetield, Grant, Santos, Nov. 6 COLLECTIONS OF ;

Dark Clutha, Joyce, Rio Grande de Norte, Deo, 8,

JAPANESE COLOR PRINTS, if

Being the private collections of

ARRIVED oT,
Ss Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse, from New York, at

remen, i!
Ss Anchoria, from New York, at Gl Ww, 2 }
Be Graf Waldersee, from New York, at Hamburg, CAPTAIN F, BRINKLEY, R.A ‘
Be Fuerst Bismarck, from New Vor at Gibral ane a
8 Fuers smarck, from N york, vraltar, , i
8s Finance, from New York, at Colon. ? Professor JOSIAH CONDER, {
'

For 25 years leading architect and instructor in the
Imperial University, Japan

To be sold on the evenings of TUESe
DAY and WEDNESDAY NEXT, Janue
ary 16th and 17th, at 8 o’Clock, by

GAILED FROM FOREIGN PORTS.

Ss Oceanic, from Queenstown for New York,

6e State of Nebraska, from Moville for New York.
Re Lahn, from Southampton for New York,

8s Advance, from Colon for New York,

oe ~ er ws

OUTGOING STEAMSHIPS,

 

 

 

 

 

Sail To-day. THOMAS E. KIRBY, Auctioneer. i
Maris Close, Vessel Sai’
Rorderer, Azores. 400AM DOOR M AMERICAN ART ASSOCIATION, Managers.
Hildur, Caracao... , 1L00AM 1 $05 M 1
Themis, Belize........, 100PM 800 u {
Brot cameicn seas causgsersrs 100PM a ooee ‘i a 7 a
o Grande, Brunewick...... .......0.5 »P} . i
A ee rocorwea | Fifth Avenue Auction Rooms i
Satl To-morrow.@ g '

 

  

  

     

 

 

 

    

     
 

 

Lucania, Liverpool,..........1080A M 200PN 238 Fifth Avenue,
cuir ee 6ee WM. B. NORMAN, Auctioneer,
pritish Duces. Antwerp..... ....., ‘ grein A NOTABLE SALE BY AUCTION i
MAD, «oo. cee +. * ” -, yf
coe Men eee to 8 6isee ABSOLUTELY WITHOUT RESERVE |
Atlesheny , Jameles ‘ ¥ 1200 OF A ;
Alps, Hayti.... ,.. 140) 200 * .
ee mrad ee | EES Choice Collection of Highly Valuable |
Asti, Pernambuen............ 1100AM 100PM ° . |
garmoath. Nouevitas ..1280PM ory Ol L PAI N INGS { if
uisiana. New Orleans... . .. ‘ 800 M 9 j
Lampaecas, Galveston 80 veeeee ’ 800 P } By Foreign and American Artiste, (
Sail Twesday, Jan, 17. BELONGING TO May
Trave, Bremen. . ee 7T00AM 10:00 AM Mr. GEORGE KE. TEWKSBURY ty
Comanche, Charleston sels boe 8:00 PM AND if
Mrs. HENKY PURTON, te
INCOMING @TRAMS HIPS, INCLUDING
isis Due Tod ™ Several Examples by the late Geo. Inness, ‘by
BOITPOG, «ccc recocverceees ‘ Bs sibs H
Sacra ssreseeons SOB A Grand Conception by Eugene Isabey, if
wi aha eae : A Charming Piot, An Important Escosura, re
‘ pas Bipeeitar TOGETHER WITH i
ownhatan.. . ( raitar....
A large Number of Attractive Productions '
reer? eee by the following distinguished Masters: f)
Fernfield Shields J. L. Gerome, Georges Michel, f
Colorado Hull wavdae Gustave Courbet, Henry Lerolle, ‘
Strabo 8t. Lucia .+ dan, @] 9. A. Gudin, J.C, Carin, fi
F) Mar Bind New Orleang.. Jan, @ | Anton Braith, Cesare Detti,
Pennsylvauia........ Hi . 1 | Emile Muner, Teon Kichet, iy
Panama... ee 20 | N. Ines Rosa Bonheur, i
City of Augusta......... 0 Alfred de Drous, Louis Jimines, i, :
ir Peter Lely, david Jobnson, 5
Due Saturday, Jan. 18. Thornas Gainsborough, Tambourini, *
BO. POU cscecerscvevesecees Southampton......Jan. 4 | Sir David Wilkie, Antoine Covpel,
Ltruria .... to 0eeeeecece AAVORPOOR, ..cresere an. 6 | Sir Joshua Reynolds, JH, Fragonard, ,
orgé . Christiansand, ,....Dec, 89 | George Moriand, Henry P. Smith, ti }
Critic. . ’ . Dundee : Dec. 80 | Paul Groleron, J, Portielje, 4
Comanche Jacksonville an.10 Francis Murphy, s fl
Prine Willem LI ort au Prince.....Jdan. 8] Anda number of Fine Ancient Portraita, pm
Santiago jantiago............Jan, 6 In all about 250 Eramples of Great Excellence,

Dur Sunday, Jan. 14

      

Due Monday, Jun, 15,

La Garcogne, acco HlAYT®. ces seve dan, 1 EXHIBITION DAY & EVENINGs bi
Rerahe VIOITIO.. «+++ ++ AOMOD. «.o.4:+-.00 OMe 6 FROM FRIDAY AFTERNOON, Jan, 12th, to ‘
Astoria. (een Glasgow ane. 8 WEDNESD E Ny N au. . 4
Freter City...... ‘Swansea .........Deo. 94 NESDAY AFTERNOON, Jan, 17th. ihe i
oynne ihraltar.... Poo. 8A EVENINGS OF SALE: ne
endo Hamburg... eo. BL WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY and FRIDAY,
F) Norte. New Orleans jan ® Jap 17th, Isth and ieth, AT EIGHT O'CLOOR, he
Florida... Branawick..........Jan, 11 | ——— oan emanate oememnseneneneneanetaaitiansinetneth }
t

  
  
  

 

    

Rice day ars Ff eee P|

Due Tuerday, Jan, 16, JAMES P, SILO, Auctioneer, t 7
Pitealand oe ssssoossseeees ANRWORD 4 Fitth Avenue Art Galleries, HA
Puiladelyte Ea Guagte cada g 600 Fifth Avenue
Eisaga SEER ENE] © Executor’s Sale of

 

OIL PAINTINGS

Due Wednesday, Jan, 17,

 

 

Ocvante Iiverpoo) 10 }
Gari, ++ daverpool y 3 and fd
VAC. ...4... os Olon. oe ‘ e "TH
(> Sepa ennemencannapeneeneneepomeaesesl mate en WATER COLORS thi
Busine Notices. belonging to the estates of Sie
nennnnnnrnina PAAAARAAARAA Ae EDWARD M. CAMERON,

Mra. Winslow's Soothin
teething, softens the guins, reduces inflammation, al-
laya pain, cures wind colic, diarruaa, 260. @ bottle,

MARNRIDD.

BHA7EN—SMITH.—On Thursday, Jan. 11, 1900,
at St, James Chureh, Skaneateles, N. Y., Ethel
Mary Smith to Dr, Henry C, Haven

VEZIN—MACKINTOSH,—On Wednesday even-
ing, Jan, 19, 1800, at 8t. John’s Chureh,
Flizabeth, NJ, by the Rector, the Rev. Otla A,
Glazebrook, D. D, Alice Stwart daughter of the
late Angus Mackintosh, Esq, and Oscar Vezin,
Jr., both of Elizabeth

g Seren, for ebiidren | = GRACE L, BLOSSOM, F. DUPRAT, :

|
Now on Free Exhibition, i
i

and until time of Sale by Auction,

This (Friday) Evening at 8:15 o'clock,

Mr. 8. P. Avery, Jr, will assist In tho mane
agement of the Sale,
~7_—_eoo_-:. Se eeeeeeeeeeeSsxxr———

WENT ON AN INSANE GALLOP,

Milkman Price Drove a Mad Race About
Town and Then Into the Sound, ie

 

 

 

ton Barparronr, Conn, Jan. 11,— Edward 9, i
DrIwwY. Price,a milkman, while suffering from demene
—- tla, drove his team of horses furiously through '
BANKS,—Su i lenly, on Wednesday, Jan, 10, 1900, | the streets of the village of Westport yesterday .
Joseph F. Hanks afternoon, terror'zing the residents of the vil- '
Fineral at lis late residence, 147 Fast 8d et.on | Jago, After he had tired of that, he drove '

12,1400,at xP. M,

Fritay, Jan off the wharf into the mud. It took a {
DONNELLY, —At his residence, 214S0ath Becond | score of men with a biock and fall
st, Brooklyn, on Wednesday, Jan, 10, 1900, | tackle to reseue him and hia team,

Bernard Fo Donnelly.
Relatives and friends, and those of his brother, the
Rey, Fugene J. Donnelly, Fluening, L. 1, and

Price isa prosperous farmer living near this
city. For weeks past he has suffered from the
grip and lately has acted strangely, Yesterday

members of the Veteran Firemen's Association, when he had finished his milk route, Inatead of z

Brooklyn, are invited to attend his funeral from | returning to his home at Fairflelt, where the ,

St, Peter ond Pani’s Church, Wythe ay,, om Fri route ended, he turned his horses toward ‘ )

day, at 1OA M | Westport. On the rond there he passed several } b |
HOWELE,~ At Morristown, N.J.,11thinat., Henry | teams; the occupants say the horses were gale a

C, chlest son of the late Theo. P. Howell of When the vi'lage )

foping at na furious rate
etreet of Westport was reached Price was ou
the back of one of the horses uring them jor-

Newark, N J
KELLOGG. On Jan. 11, 1900, at Brooklyn, N. Y.,

|
Demmia Dewey Comstock Kellogg, widow of | ward, He mtOre to the wharf oer con ’
rlee White Kelle ad around town and before the bystanders coulk
Cha ; : ell ae, and daughter of the late prevent went off the end intothe water H
Pet: instock, aged 73 yearn It was low water and Price, astridecnue horse, ae
Funeral services will be Leld at her late residenc urged the trightened horses further out into ;
45 Fourth place, Brookivn,N ¥, thie (Friday) the channel, ee . ry tlh digg * ty et a
ening. at 8:3) ule matock, | the horses stopped and refused to go further, rw
a<¢ w'elock, Burial at Comstock, | 5 though Price pounded them furlousiy, A re-
‘ ‘ lief party was organized and a dozen men went i
McK EEVER,—On Tiesday, Jan, », 1900, at Wash. | CO lrice’a rescue. When they reached him he “ad

atrig@ied violently and demanded that he be

 

 

 

fowion, PO C., Mary Pranves, wife of Gen. Chaun- allowed to remain. where he was, oo 4,
cey MeReever, U8. A, and daughter of the late the back of hia horse, He was finally '
Willan Chauncey of this city taken ashore, Then a block and tackle ;
Funeral services will be held at St. John's Ohurch, WAS rigged and the horses and wagon ,
Washington, D.C vat drawnont of the mud and water, Price was j
ehington, D.C Athi A. Mon Jam. 13, 1900. | granting on the wharf when the Inet horse wag ye
: ! janded, Without sword of warning and befor '
CYPRESS HILLS CEMETEBY, e could be restrained he had jumped upon the 4
OMce, 1 Madison av., corner 63d » ¥. ack of the horse and gallowed away, wavin
= — —— — = | his hand fo the men on ihe woert,, Be wae n i.
geen again until an early hour this mornin
Rew Publications, when ge wae [sued wandering ‘n the Woo 8
. af on a near Westport leading his horae. Both ma
HFAP READING. ~ Millions of 54. and 100, novels;
Cea tease peti a goeGme ae: | find horse were exhausted: Prige wil be segh,

" TSE TOI