ee —_—_—

oewcrvw 2 eo

 

i

va

Sa Ses

   

~the street where crowds cheered us and

lll SSS

x +*+NEW

VOL. BXXVL—NO. 42.
BALLOON FALLS 9,000 FEET

FORBES AND AUGUSTUS
POST FALL WITH IT. |

4, HM.

Land Unhart on a Reof Near Berlin—Ne
Time to Be Scared, Says Man Who
Was on Board—Thousands Looked
On In Iforror—Bennett Bace Incident,

<pecial Cable Despatch to Tae Sun.

Bertin, Oct. 11.—The famous Ameri-
can balloon Conqueror, whieh was com-
peting in the distance race for the Janes |
Gordon Bennett trophy this afternoon,
burst when it had reached a height of
about 3,000 feet. It ingtantly collapsed
and fell swiftly for some distance. The
great bag then took a form resembling
parachute and descended slowly upon
a housetop.

The Conqueror was piloted by A. H.
Forbes of the New York Aero Club, He
and the other ocodpants escaped withoyt
injury

The Conqueror was the ninth of twenty-
three competitors to ascend, When it was
liberated it went up rapidly - Suddenly
the many thousands of spectators were
horrified to see what appeared like smoke
rushing from a long elit in the side of the
balloon. ‘. .

After a few moments of awful suspense,
during which the collapsed balloon came
toward the earth with frightful rapidity,
the spectators were relieved to see the
drop checked by the parachuting of the
bag. They soon learned that it had
alighted on the roof of a house at Fried-
enau, a suburb of Berlin.

The whole affair did not last more than
a minute, during which Mr. Forbes and
his partner, Augustus Post, also a promi-
nent member of the New York Aero Club,
were too busy to think of danger. Mr.
Forbes subsequently told his experiences
to THB SUN correspondent. They may
be epitomized thus: ae,

“When we firet heard the noise made
by the tearing, which was horizontally
around the balloon at the ring, I loosened
the appendix rope in order to release the
eas and thereby help the lower part of
the balloon to bulg® in the form of a para-
chute. We also threw out ballast, of which
there was nearly a ton on board. The
envelope then spread and we dropped
on a roof, knocking a hole in it as big as
a door :

“We were quite unhurt, and we were
rreatly moved by «he kind demonstra-
tions of the crowd and the helpful action
cf the police. We returned to the hotel,
where we soon received a message from

the Emperor William inquiring about
our safety. I am to see the Kaiser to-

foorrow and I will thank him for his kind | tion Cabinet will be formed.” -

interest.”

Later Mr. Forbea gave some additional | in the Drina River on the Serbo-Bosnian
frontier.

details of the accident.

* After 1 bad cut away the sandbags,”
eaid he, “Mr: Post began throwing away
every movable article We could see,
however, that we were falling more rap-
idly than some of the ejected articles.

“But later, when the descent of the
balloon was checked, we obsetved one
bag of sand fall into a baby carriage,
which was emashed. Fortunately the
nurse snatched out the baby.

“Both of us sprang up and held on to
the ring above, hoping in this way to
avoid the crash. Then we could see
the envelope gradually* spreading out.
We continued to fall with terrific speed
until a sort of parachute had been formed,
and then we knew that umless a further
mishap occurred we woyld probably be
saved from death,

“Our speed did not decrease as much
7s we should’ have liked and we were
still moving at a rapid pace when we
reached the tops of the high houses in
the streets, which greatly increased the
danger

“We passed over one roof, almost
touching it and still holding on to the
ring We avoided the next block, but
finally struck the mansard roof of a house
in the block adjoining, and the net and
envelope fell to the opposite side. ,

“The basket crashed against the tiles
and went partly through into an ocoupied
room. The man in the room was terrified,
but, recovering himself, ass'sted us to the
roof, down through the skylight and to

shook our hands. Neither Post nor my-
self was seriously burt.

“I cannot say now what was the cause
of the catastrophe, 1 will try to find-out
‘o-morrow. It was fortunate we were
up so high; otherwise the balloon could
hot have formed itself into a parachute.”

fcrty-eight hours. Each balloon carries |
provisions for three days. The course
was toward Russia. |

 

 

The Conqueror, said to be America's

biggest balloon, was christened last May! HITCH R. R. TRAIN TO ROTEL, | It had bee

by Miss Forbes, a daughter of the owner, {

at North Adams, Mass., and ascended | Union Men Tear Out

for ite first flight carrying Mr. Forbes as'|
tilot, A. Leo Stevens, who made the bal- ,
oon; William F, Whitehouse and Henry |
Whitehouse of New York. The balloon,
‘snded near Farmington, Conn., seventy
Miles away, after having been :n the air
ix hours.

Mr. Forbes made the

t
t

ji

next ascent four | >

') a pasture near Monson, Mass., having
travelled seventy-five milesin two hours.
Mr. Forbes made the ascent alone in|

order to qualify as pilot of the Aero Club |

of America, The landing was unusual.

“to 4 pasture. Shortly after the ascen-' ;

Fon the balloon had risen to @ height of | train started atorner of the building was

£000 feet and at that altitude found the
Weather very warm

Mr Forbes made another ascent from) parted.

North Adams on May 24, acoompanied by
Edward Langley and J. Lawrence Mott
“! New York and Arthur Potter of Green-
‘eld ‘The Conqueror went up rapidly!
‘nd was driven in a northeasterly Pirec- |
‘on into New Hampeshire,where it was de-|
d led to land as the afternoon drew to a
‘'ose. Varying currents of air sent the
balloon zigzagging around during the five
hours that it was up and Mr. Forbes es

‘uated that he had travelled about 190

 

 

 

Nerth Atlantic Fitet Preparing fer the

Gibraltar correspondent of the Daily
Mail the British Atlantic fleet has been
ordered to postpone its impending gun-
nery practice and to embark four months
stores preparatory to proceeding to the
Levant.

Daily Mail says that the fall of the Servian
Ministry is imminent and that a coali-

nations will be put on the market.

full view, giving a bas relief effect.

lines, at the top being “U, 8.

i le
The race was expected to last at least | pen iD a eg

Government.

| hitching a freight train to an iron beam

{ ously injured.

union sympathizers and non-union men
housed in the building |
: Early this morning while a freight train | that nothing like a misadventure attended | stantial gain over two years a@

rom a height of 8,000 feet Mr. Forbes) was halted on the Baltimore and Ohio |
tamne down withoutthe use of aand. Hej tracks beside the hotel a band of union
©:t loose his anchor, which caught in @| sympathizers hitched a wire cable toa
climp of trees, pulling the ballo& down | eorner beam of the building and attached |

the boroughs of the city of New York.
This county has 96,000 names to get on the
rolls to come up to the total registfation
a p00 and Brooklyn needs 50,000 to equal |

Ral els

 

 

is\but eighty-five miles from North Adams
as the crow files. The greater part of the
time the Conqueror was at an elevation

YORK,

miles, although Franutin, where Ne landed, | AU

 

 

of nearly 14,000 feet and all those who| S2@KERS' CARS RACE WHILE

made the voyage were annoyed by the
excessive heat. The balloon came to
earth on @ farm adjoining the bi
of Daniel Webster.

The Conqueror had @ capacity of 80,000
cubic feet of. gas. On ita initial trip it
carried 2,425 pounde, of which 1,200 pounds
was sand ballast.

Mr. Forbes completed his tenth agoen-
sion last April and then rece! lot’
card dress the Reed Cub ct dene ne
was the eleventh member of the club to
receive the honor and said at the.time he

   
     

challenging Lieut. Lahm to a contest.
The new balloon was built especially for
racing purposes. Leo Stevens, the
builder, also made the ‘Government
balloon in which Theodore Roosevelt,
Jr., took hie flight in Washington with
Capt. Chandlér, The Conqueror was

to remain in the air a iong time under | wagers on ihe contest, said to have
| amounted to something more than $2,000.

fayorable conditions,

Augustus Post is the secretary of the
Aero Club of America and has been con-
spicuous in aeronautics in this country
for several Mr. Post is a banker
and lives at the Holland House.

Mr: Stevens, the maker of the balloon,
did not expréss gréat surprise on heating
of the mishap to the Conque-vor. o

“It Forbes

  

 

CONSTABLES

SLEEP.

.

ttbplace | sixty Mile Speeding Test Uninterrupted

by the Sometimes Vigtiant Justices

of the Peace or by Mishap--82,000

fs Said te Have Been Wagered.

While the straw cops of several vil-
lages along the Jersey seashore still slept
terday morning a gentlemen's race with
speedy automobiles was run of under

would eventually celebrate the &ent by | their windows to settle a gentlemen's

wager and all apeed laws were violated

in a gentlemanty fashion.
a broker, whose office is at 25
street, rdced and lost to Monroe R. Roth-
schild,a second broker, whose office is in

Henry Weial

ad

the same building, and this morning sev-
made of cotton and linen, and Stevens | ¢ral of the friends of the respective racers
expected that ite size would enable it! will exchange checks in settlement of the

Neither of the participants courted pub-

licity after the race had been run and
Rothschild, the winner, had covered the
sixty miles of prescribed course in 1 hour
10 minutes 30 1-5 seconds. When asked
to give details of the flash through the
a. blower, as I think he | 44wn over the country roads somewhere

did, it isn’t any wonder that he got into | in the neighborhood of West End station,

trouble,” gaid

attached to the appendix, or neck of th
balloon.

“The latter is about thirty-two inches |

long, hangs into the basket and is a pro-

. Stevens. “I warned| Lon€ Branch, the gentlemen racers in-
him against using the apparatus. It is|timated Mat any justice of the peace
© | down there might hear of the event and
take it into his head to issue a tardy war-
rant. What the officers of that part of

jection to allow for expansion in ascension | Jersey did not know would never burt

nite ir t be them, said Mr. Rothschild in sparring
aud to allow gab/and s putped against advertisement of his success.

It happens that both Mr. Rothschild

into the bag,

“This should be left open when the
balloon is rising, and this blower machine
to be used in pumping in air and gas later
chokes up the opening.

“If the Conqueror blew up to-day I
should say that was the cause. Mr
Forbes neglected little things in the ma«
nipulation of his car and was a trifle care-
leas."

Mr. Stevens said that Mr. Forbes paid

$1,500 for the balloon.

 

GRIM BRITISH PREPARATION.

Levant—New Treabie in Servia.
Special Cable Despatch to the Sun.
Lonpon, Oct. 12.—According to the

The Belgrade correspondent of the

~ %

The Austrians are seizing two islands

A run on the Belgrade banks has been

Austria. The National Bank had to lend
$1,500,000 to other banks.

THE NEW POSTAGE STAMPS.

Designs Completed by the Bureau ef En-

Graving and Printing.

}

The two cent stamp will be the first)

The profile has

of Franklin, while all the others will |
bear that of Washington,
busts by Houdon. The most notable) Lake and Allaire head a roar and smelt
differences In the new issue will be the'@ smell some time before before the
g. The colors are | roosters had done crowing.

taken from

of the early stamps.

 

Housing Not-Union Bridgemen, |

 
   
 
   
   
 
   
   
  
   
  
  

 

|

and Mr. Weis! are enthusiaste on the aub-

ject of auto speed. The former owns a
80 horse-power Packard car and swears
that it is the best make this side of Italy.

His late antagonist is, or was, equally

fervent in his partisanship of the Bianchi
make, He was ready to back his 40-60

horse-power car of that manufacture

against any Packard that ran on wheels.

Heated arguments on speed between

the two brokers, which gave zest to every

luncheon where a coterie of their friends
usually happened to be present, led to
the little sporting proposition being made.
Selig Baruch, of the firm of A. A. Hous-
man & Co., brokers at 20 Broad street,
was one of the stanch supporters of
rd against
Weis] and his Bianchi. It was Baruch who
suggested that a race somewhere down
along the Jersey coast could do no harm
but on the contrary might serve as a little
sauce to the dulness of betting against
Bryan in Lloyds.

it was agreed. Rothschild has a summer
home just a few blocks away from West
End station, outside of Long
Thither he took bis car on Saturday and
Bianchj. down -to 4 private | object
town. Saturday night| securing any booty, Im ‘the safe was

Rothschild

and the

Branch,

eee

10S SPLIT JERSEY DAWN| * X#¥ "#REzxss necono,

United Stations tn Hawall and San Fran

elsoo Talk for Two Heurs avai a Half.

San Francisco, Oct. 11.—The United
Wireless Company here claime a new
record in wireless telegraphy, having
established connection this morning be-
tween its station on Russian Hill in this
city and Kuhuhu station on the island|~

of Oahu,

The Hawaiian station was caught at
1:50 A. M. and messages were exchanged

until 4 A. M, without interruption.

The United Wireless. which includes

the De Forest system, is a rival of the

Marconi company and its principle is
used large]

vessels. ') Both the United and the Mar-
coni have made olaims in the past of
having
communication, and a German ooncern
declared in January that it had beaten
all records by transmitting messages
2,200 miles, about 800 miles further than
the distance traversed by Marconi

transatlantic messages. But there was

no vérification of this German claim.
It looks as if the performance of the
United Wireless between.Oahu and San

Francisco, a distance of “about 2,100

nautical miles, is really a reco!

course between Cape Breton and
den, Ireland, but the system is not
perfect working condition. The United
Wirelesa has successfully equipped nearly
all the coastwise passenger ships that

come to this port and has its apparatus
on a@ large part of the West Indjan and

South American fleets. .

BLOW BIG SAFE IN
Bulgtars Try to Reb Market Strongbex
in the Heart of Provideneec.

Provrpencr, Oct. 11.—Robbers at 1
o'clock this afternoon blew open the big

 

safe in the South Main street public mar-

ket, in the heart of the city.

The men had evidently worked on
the safe for more than an hour and
after the charge had been placed with-
drew to an outer toom, whence the ex-
plosive was set off with electricity. The
police found the wires and a dry battery
cell upon their arrival. Many people
were in the vicinity when suddenly there
was a tremendous explosion. Two big
show windows were driven into the street
and a cloud of smoke poured out. Some
one rang in a fire alarm and in a fewgmin-
ntes several companies were on the scene.
Not until the firemen entered the store
was it known that the safe had heen
blown.

The police were called and they found
that the big door of the safe had been
completely shattered, but that the inner
steel chest was intact.

The thieves had evidently placed too
great a charge of explosive in the safe

or had counted on brea! the inner
chest with one blest. F, in their
were forced to “before

mechanics were tenderly tuning up the | $2,600. the proceeds of Saturday's busi-
racers, stripping them, tightening up the | ness. .

clutches and getting everything in appis
| Pie order for the morrow. Although a'| © REE!
caused by the! possibility of war with| Whisper of the impending race spread |(rgemt Case,” Said He—But He Was'|

through West End the principals were
mum.

Yesterday morning while the rain was

just tailing off into a drizzle and there

was scarcely enough light to see the

top of the radiator ahead both cars
moved out of their barns and slipped
through the mud to the starting point.
Wasutnoton, Oot. 11.—The Bureau of | In order that a conscientious justice may

In the Bianchi car sat Mr.

It happens that neithor of the racing | °
been taken in each instance instead of a| brokers cares to give the exact delinea- | Makes Thirty-one Speeches in a Day With
All| tion of the course that was run
the stamps are of a similar design, con- | §!*ty miles in length, the first lap ending
taining a head in an ellipse, the only deco- | outside of a town thirty miles distant and
ration being laurel leaves on elther side! the-second constituting the ran back,
of the ellipse. The lettering is inatraight Again, just to give that conscientious
iostage” | justice of the peace a lift, it may be ven- |
and at the bottom the words “Two cents," tured that Lakewood was the turning | day.” he said,
The one Gent stamp contains the head | Point at the end of the first lap, and that | when I made the last one as whon I made)

Engraving and Printing has completed | find his work laid out for him it may
designs suggested by Postmaster-General | 20+ be unkind to give the tip that the
Meyer for a new issue of United States | Starting point
postage stamps. ‘The new stamps will West End, maybe on the Lakewood
be of the following denominations: One | road.
cent, two cents. three cents, four cents,
five cents, six conts, eight cents, ten | Chauffeur and a referee; the owner hit- |
cents, fifteen cerits, fifty cents and one | 8 «id not go along,
dollar. The $2 and $5 denominations | (rove his Packard, with another referee |
now in use will not bereprinted. It will| iN the seat hehint him
be some weeks before all the denomi- | timekeeper stood at the rope laid across

| the road that marked the starting point. | 2

The Bianchi jumped out of the half |
distributed, and it is expected that ship- | light and across the rope ai exactt
ments to, postmasters will begin some | 5:52 o'clock. + The Packard followed wh
time in November. The new issue has | the starter's watch registered 5:57. Woth
been designed with the object of obtain- | 087 tore holes in the mist at a good
ing the greatest simplicity commensurate | fifty mile clip at the go

with artistic results.

as not many miles below

Weisl's

Mr. Rothschild |

A starter and a)

it was

WHY SO FAST, DOCTOR?

Arrested for Speeding.
Dr. David H. Orgel of 277 Rivington
street while hurrying up Fifth avenue
with a woman in an automobile about 10
, o'clock last night was chased and stopped
| by Bicyele Policeman Presby.

“You're under arrest for speeding,”
said Presby.

“Don't stop me,” the doctor said. “I'm
in a hurry on a very urgent case at Alfred
D. Lind's, up in Ninety-third street.”
But he was taken to the Tenderloin sta-
tion, where he left a diamond ring as bail
before going on his way. .

Alfred D. Lind lives at 69 East Ninety-
third street. When called up on the tele-
phone later he answered the call himself.

“Are you seriously ill?” be was asked.
“Me? No, of course not I'm on the
hone.”

“Is anybody else ill?”

“No,” was the answer; “what's all this

 

¥ | about?”
en |

Being told he hung up the receiver with
a chuckle
| BRY ANS WONDERFUL VOICE,

Ne Harmful Result.

Lixcoin, Oct. 11.—Mr. Bryan returned
home this morning from his trip through
Misaouri and spent most of the day sleep-
ing and resting.

Allenhurst, the outskirts of Asbury Park, | the first one.”
in front of Col. Harvey's place, Spring

Mr. Rothschild passed the Bianchi car

 

His voice showed not the slightest trace
¢ the tremendous strain upon it. ~
To-morrow afternoon Mr. Bryan speaks

| at two meetings of State University
| students, One wil! be held in Memorial

Director Ralpb of, the Bureau of Engrav- | Just about two miles before it had come | Hall and ‘the other, an overflow, has bean |
| ing and Printing regards the new stamps | to the turning point on the out lap.
as the most aftistic ever issied by the | did not eatch a glimpse of it again until |

He | arranged for the Temple Theatre.

Tuesday he starts on a special train

he bad crossed the starting point. Some | for a whirlwind tour of Nebraska, cover-

and

YouXscstows, Ohio, Oct. 11.—An at-/| things in shape again.
Neither racer saw man, woman’or chick | some weeks to follow up Taft. :

during the entire run of over an hourand, On a tip that the Republican’ State

there was not an obstacle on the road, | committee polls show that Taft will carry

empt was made this morning to wreck 1
he hotel owned by I. K. Iilgenfritz by

n the building and pulling it down.

| There were some bad places along the line,

Part of the building was wrecked and | they said, because of the night's heavy

he lodgers, mostly nen-union ironwork-

 

t to the rear oar of the train. When the!

 

 

last Day of Registration. !
This is the last day of registration in all

 

chebsaptiene heidi

cs |

THE BARLEM CITY TICKET OFFICE of
Lines has oved to 121
bOKt Ade

~

 

ge | rain, and the going was sticky On one
cays later from North Adams and landed | ors, were tumbled about but not seri- |

of the bad turns—autoists acquainted with
the Lakewood road out of Long Branch
There have been several fights between | may recognize that bad turn—the Bianohi

oar t

a long skid and it seemed that
somethine- might eventuate,but aside from | returns so far tabulated indicate a sub-

this gentiemen’s race through the dawn.

Mr. Rothschild disclaimed the report | publican claims are pooh poohed at the
last night that he had taken in a neat sum | Democratio headquarters, where the esti-| \irs, Vice cabled passage money to her

through the speed of his car.
“I made no beta on the race,” he said,
“but I know several meh on the Stoc

bale

$15.

tinguished t

torn down and the whole structure would | Exchange who will acoumulate a tidy
have been wrecked had not the cable! bunch of cigar movey to-morrow when
| the other fellows who thought the Rianchi |
| looked good pay up.”

Fire in the President's Stables.

Wasuinoron, Oct, 11.—A fire in the
hay mow of President

40 o'clock this mo
of hay, doing

velt's stables

atland kil

Three Som gaaen from the fire de-
to the

flames.

The fire is sup-

posed to have been due to spontaneous

4

 

| mate is Nebraska for Bryan by 15,000 eon, but he did not come when expected

|
|

|

3 | mimrtes later the Bianohi came in beaten, |ing thé most populous section of the
n going strongly. the chauffeur
said, until a complication of motor trou-
Corner of Building | bles set in just outside of the turning town
many minutes were wasted in

State and making some fifty speeches.
The itinerary includes practically all of
the territory that Taft covered on his

trip t h the State.
getting | ar seca eat done his best for| It Was then that be gave his name and | tional reputation will be asked to propose

Nebraska by 35,000 majority a number
af wagers haye been put up within the

last twenty-four hours on the basis of |

4 to 3 that Taft wins in Nebraska.

At the State headquarters it is insisted
that no claim is made and that the poll
is incomplete, but it is no secret that the

go, when
the State ticket won by 12,000, The Re-

 

AUTO IN LONG ISLAND R. R. CUT.
Mechine Overturmed at Nerth Howard
Avenne, Brooklyn—Man Killed. ‘

An automobile running north ofHoward
avenue, Brooklyn, early this morning

| plunged into the Long Island Railroad

cut at Atlantic avenue. i
Matrin Connelly. of 02. Adams street,
Brooklym, caught beneath the machine
d Alfred Overman of 55
Concord street, Brooklyn, the driver of

automobile, was arrested.
machine is owned by T. Thompson

of 200 Montague street, Brooklyn.

a

by the United States at its
various .etations on shore and aboard its

the superior system of aorial

DAYTIME,

\
“I made thirty-one speeches yester- |
“and I felt just as fresh |

 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1908.- inettahl, 1008, by I'he Sun Printing and Publiehing Aavociation.

   
 
 
   
   
    
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
   
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

PIRRGE FIGHT ON BRIDGE 10

INSANE MAN NEARLY SHOVES
POLICEMEN FROM TOWER. *

Thousands Watch a Russian Cyd the

fe of Wiltamsbarg Span—Tbree
Cops on Smali Platform Have Lotig
Struggle to Save His Life and Theirs,

Three policemen on duty on the Will-
jamsburg Bridge had a desperate fight
with 2 temporarily ineane Russian on the
top of the Brooklyn tower, 335 feet above
the rive?, late yesterday afternoon. In
the struggle of the man,to leap from the
atructitre he nearly dragged the police-
men over the brink. ‘The Russian said
later that he was Joseph Kratz, a tailor,
35 yoarsa old, lived at 17 Prospect street,
Brooklyn, and wanted to kill himself
because he had an aged mother who was

work,

Krata firat attracted attention in the
footpath on the bridge on the Williams-
burg side by flourishing a razor and acting
as if he yras going to cut his throat. At

rail and reached one of the inner cables.
There was no policeman around and
many of the crowds moving in either di,
rection atopped to watch bis antics.

\\ ‘There are haudropes on each cable
Kratz alternately walked and crawled
e cables toward the top of the
tower. Qocdsionally he would
stor wave his razor. Spectators
finally drew the stjention of Volicemen
Smith, Miller and@C"Donnell. By that
tine Kratz was half way up the cable
and thousands of persons were watching
him from the bridge, cars, vehicles,
hovsetops and ferryboats and other craft
on the Fast River. ‘

* It was evident to the policemen that
(Kratz. was demented and none of them
cared to follow bim up the cable. Kratz
kept going slowly ahead and several times
whon the spectators saw hin alip t
turned their heads fearing that he suret
wns going to fall.

Michael Dowling, the superintendent
of laborers on the bridge, suggested to
the policemen that they ascend the tower
by the inside stairs and so secure the
crazy man when he reached the top.
The policemen started, Smith leading the
way up the narrow ard almost perpen-
dicular staira within the tower. «

The three were alnost exhausted when
they’ reached the platform above the cable
saddle. Kratz was still slowly moving
upward on the cable still ignorant of the
presence of the copa, who had arouched
down 20 a8 not tobe seen by him When
the climber was near enough to the top
where they cduld reach him they acted

  
 
 

him t) the floor. The dimensions
of the platform are 25x15 feet. There is
but a small iron rod around it.

Krate, who seemed to be possessed of
great strength, made a lunge at Smith
| with the razor and out his uniform. Then
the Russian freed himself and bounded
for the north side of the tower. He was
about to jump from it to the river when
the policemen grabbed him and then
the desperate struggle was renewed.

The Russian struck out with both fists
and when he could kicked the policemen’s
shins. When they clinched they swayed
baék and forth, and time and again the
four were_at the edge, with the Russian
struggling with all his might to shove his
defenders over. ’
| They were clinched most of the tim
and it was with difficulty that the police-
men got their clubs into play. When
they did the insane man fought with even
greater ferocity. Blow after blow upon
his head seemed not to affect him, but all
of a sudden he wilted, his arms dropped
limply to his sides and he reeled forward,

down to rest anc get their breath and mop
up the perspiration that was streaming
from their faces.

By that time thousands of people were
| watching the top of the tower and many |
craft in thé East River had come to a stop.
|All momentarily expected to see one or
more of the men tumble from the tower. |

Before Krats revived his hands were |
handcuffed behind him and his lega se-|
curely tied with a rope. How to get the |
| man down from the top puzsled the cops. |
After trying several ways they finally)
got Kratz onto Smith’s back, and while |
the other policemen held onto an end of
the rope that was around the Russian's
| body the three started the steep descent.
Ie k them nearly half an hotir to get
down to the bridge platform with their
limp burden, ‘ ‘

Just as they reached the bottom Krate
jrevived. He was bleeding from his
wounds and an ambulance was summoned
from the Eastern District Hospital. Dr.
Keyes reported that Kratz was suf-
fering from “shock” as well as lacer-
ated wounds, and removed him at once
'to the hospital. There he raved and
|was unconscious alternately. He had
but one sane interlude last evening.

 

 

 

 

 

bis reasou for wanting ta die |

 

TO TRY FILIBUSTER AGAIN. |

| Report of Acqulttal ef George Vice in
Brazil Was Not True.

HACKENSACK, N. J., Oct. 11.—The re-|
| port cabled from Brazil two weeks ago
|to the effect that George Vice, a Haok-
|eneack young man, had been acquitted
|by the Brazilian authorities on oa charge
of filibustering was not true, according
to a,letter just received by Mrs. Leonora
Vice, mother of the acoused. + |

On the strength of the first report

 

 

 

 

and her suspicions were aroused. A
letter from him said he had been ac-
quitted, but a letter from another source

said he would have to stand trial again | nen

in December, one of the jurors having
refused to sign the verdict of acquittal}.
Vice beld a clerkship with the Publio
Service Corporation at Hackensack be-
fore he left for Brasil with Sebastian
Magali’s filibustering expedition. He de-
clared thet-he did not know the real na-!
ture of the expedition. He was badly |
wounded at the capture and ie etil) in
prison at Bahia. Two New York men

were convicted and sentenced to serve taretis waved 8 red Gag. was
; to the station

@ year in prison there.

 

\ PRICE TWO CENTS
p|SAvs MISS RLKINS paoLinen.|atrh. euidnphe Ant in 4nka
Homan fociety Hears Abrozn Marriage THE KNICKERBOCKER $76 a

starving because he couldn't get any |

the anchorage he climbed up the guard

Bignal, and with one bound
hin “dragged him over the edge end |

completely exhausted and barely con- wrecked and the cellar flooded by water

scious. «The policemen laid him out there | from a broken pipe. ‘
| where the battle had been fought and sat |

| nor any of the occupants of the
| admits receiving any Black Hand letters.
| Capt. Cooney and the detectives of the

   
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
 
  
     
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
   
  
 
   
  
    
   
   
  
     
    
   
   
  
 
  
   
  
  
   
   
    
 
    
   
   
   
    
   
    
   
  
  

Mownay, Gcrfoumn '2, 1068,
Fair and colder to-day; fair to-morrow; free
northwesterly winds, diminishing,”

 

Steel

Is OW Becanse of Religion.

Special Cable Despatch to Te® Son.
Rome, Oct. 11.—A report is eurrent in
high society that the Abruzsl-ikins
engagement fs off owing to Miss Rjkins’s
refusal to change her religion{ Which is

a sine qua non of marriage in the case of
the Duke. ?

! No official confirmation of the report
can be obtained, but it is expected that
there will be an annduncement of some
sort in a day or two.

1,000 LOST UNITS. /

Twenty-seventh District Manhattan Gets
Registry Returns Corrected.

An error of 1,000 was made by the police

in adding up the registration returns

lin the Twenty-seventh Assembly district

on Saturday. The Twenty-seventh

ould have been credited with 1,866 in-
stead of 806 names for the day, atid w

| the district leaders, both Democratio ahd

|Republican, saw the papera yesterday

i were disturbed at thé apparent

WINDOWS BROKEN IN TAXI
' RIOT—DINERS SCARED. |

Big Crowd Finds Much Jey in Lively Raw
at the Busy’ )
Whose Aute the Pellee Heid.

Diners in. the Hotel Kalokerbooi
Forty-second street and Broadway, a
much disturbed last night when amobeat
taxicab strike sympathizers made ‘ew
attack on the cabs at the stand outelde
the hotel with stones, two of whioh or
through the hotel windows. te
About eight or ten red taxicabs were:
outeide the Forty-second street entraace —
shortly before 8 o'clock when a ging of
abbut forty or fifty strikexsympathivers |
came dlong. In the dining room on. the
Forty-second street side there waa @, hin!
crowd. . Witliwa yell the orowd onteids —
made a run for the cabs and « hall of”
stoties followed. The four special mk!
men stationed outside were lost in the of
shuffle that followed. — "Jaan eae Y
Whilg the policetnen were battling with
the gang a stone crashed throughs wine
dow into the-dining room. Ittanded 6m —
@ table at which a man and woman were -
séated and down wént the table, . Thi
womanfscreamed, and in a minute every.
PACIFIC FLEET HEARD FROM, | ove in the dining room was standing up,
One Division Will Reach Henoluta To-| M&nager James B. Regan rushed: Git —
morrow, the @ther on Friday, ' |‘? the streot. As he appeared Bis
Special Cable Despatch to Tae Sux. stone went hurtling through the alr 7

slump. Somebody guessed that a mis-
take’ had been made and Secretary
Slattery was appealed to. After a lot of
digging into the returns at Police Head-
quarters he discovered the mistake. The
corrected figures give the Twenty-seventh
8,208 for the first three days, instead of
7,208, and make the total registration of
the city so fdr 530,028, or 88,000 behind
1904.

——4

 

Hono, Oct. 11.—A wirelens message | @2ded. up against the bar in the.
from Rear Admiral Swinburne says that re ® crowd who were segted
a part of the Pacific fleet returning frgm | @blés in'that room. * . ner ‘Releg
Samoa will reach Honolulu om-Tuesday.| anager Regan sent in a call-to Potiog

This division includes ‘the West Virginia, | Heédquarters and Acting Captain Murphy.

he Maryland, the Pennsylvania ‘and the | “#™e up on the jump from the Tent
. lM a loin with several detectives. .

a large crowd had gathered about: he
hotel and along Broadway and seemed’
find joy in the’ situation. De

South Dakota, with the destroyers Terry,
Preble, Stewart and Hull.

The remainder of the fleet, the Tennes-
gee, the Washington and the California,

with the destroyers Hopkins; Truxtun meee ¥ Sis ot as onal
| and Whipple, will arrive on Friday in the hotel! began to get badly frig
et at the noise.

| Bh isis, os

ALARMED BY GREAT METEOR.

Explesion in the Heavens Felt and Heard
for Many Miles. :
Romer, Ga., Oct. 11—A_ tremendous

meteor which exploded as it was falling ind y
Regan have been at swords points
created alarm throughout north Georgia ‘hap P bon tee Near’

| last night. ae . Brae ret. : %
Gidney declares that Regan wants to
| The sound of the explosion was heard | 5) ' in t of the :

A ee eee hoa we bane Many wants to get rid of ¢ ; New York
| ing there had been an earthquake or an | Company's
explosion of dynamite.

The meteor was seen falling in the
| southwest about 11 o'clock, It resembled
an immense falling ball of fre and threw

off a shower of rks, Before it
| peaabler the OTE ie" beret” into thou-
sands of fragments with a report like the
explosion of tons of nitroglycerine. -
| Investigation to~iay showed that the
meteor burst near Kingston, twenty
miles south of here. Several persons
|there gay that after the explosion bits
of hot material rained down like hail.
What is supposed to be the principal
fragments of the meteor struck the earth
about four miles from Kingston, making
la great hole in the ground.

EVERY WEEK A BOMB.
| meee

| Kast Sixty-third Street Tenement Takes
Its Turn at)Being Blown Up.

The regular weekly bomb explosion
in the neighborhood of East Sixty-third
| street took place at 8 o'clock yesterday
morning in the hallway of 326, a fivé story
'tenement occupied by twenty Italian
|\families. .The Ferrio brothers, Salvatore
and Lueca, who were asleep in the rear
on the firat floor, were thrown out of bed
and slightly hurt. The lower hallway was

Thomas Gidney, chief inspector
New York Taxicab Company, came aion
about the time that the réserves arrived
and he and Manager Regan met on the -
sidewalk in front of thé ‘hotel.

 

5

to get everyone of
this minute!” ‘
2 four fowtitr’and T’wor'tds © 7
it!” yelled Gidney, The crowd chedted
for both Regan and Gidney.. Bi
Manager Regan appealed to'Lieut, Thurs
ton to remove the cabs, but when Gi
christs ait hee
ing to keep seven | front n
hotel and that this permit :
with Regan’s indorsement
ducked and told Regan he couldn't

any tine. . Reve?
“I'lt have that permit revoked to
morrow,” seid Regan, “and I want thoba: i
cabs removed pending that.” =
Gidney stucked to his guns and re: —
fused to move his cabs, while the polica —
stood first on one foot and then on the. |
other. The crowd was growing so big —
by this time that more reserves were sent |
for and Inspector Walsh came up with ~
all the reserves from the Tenderloin pre= 9 /-
cinots. Inspector Walsh first dispersed
the crowd, and when he had made stand- |
ing room tried to adjust matters between ~
Regan and Gidury.- ‘ aera
Tt all came to threats, however, and _
Gidney then called to Lind, a |
chauffeur who had been driven, tem-
porarily across the street, to take up a
stand in front of the hotelentrance, - |
“Now there is one of our men, and ©
I daregany one to put him away,” eald _
Gidney, glaring at Regan. z ;
Police to arrest’

Regan called < the
the chauffeur and Policeman Logomoraini
pat Lind ‘under ‘errést: 'Gidney ‘got
the cab and Regan a surface car
and every one went to the Tenderloin
stution house, where Regan charged —
ak rat with causing a crowd to
col were sent at once to 1
MOVE TO SAVE THE LOBSTER. | night poliee. eour ut, where, Sher.

“You're

re

 

Neither Angelo Bianoo, the owner of
the building, who lives next door at 828,
tenement

5

+ rs
~“

vy

East Sixty-seventh street station, who
have invéstigated the explosions, believe
an Italian crank fe responsible.

Bomb explosions in that vieinity have
been so frequent in the last six mionthe
that the Italian residents sit up and take
notice if a week goes by without one.

le eenalfti peepee aa
SS ESS

fo
z_THE LORGTED. et poy cone, hee, ar ae
Cent t Means te Hi ; ‘ B.
erie Comer « Netarsi auestren ; Gidney told their stories over again: “~ Me
Boston, Oct. 11.—The Governors of ail|_ “! can’t  eaveng onect we my
Now England States met here yeaterday ee sae ee there fe g
and decided upon the programme for the | YOU, ea tera au Regan — :
coming conference on promotion of New and company * Permit” y
England's interests and preservation of | ‘hey havea right to stand there.” ss. 4,
her resouress. tne I don’t want my hotel wrecked" =
The topics for the conference will | étorted Regan. ae ae Coe
be tree planting, production of shell-| 44 the police there,” said Magia
fish, State highways and regu Lind : bs appr ae
eats 0 Siete sid that he would seek to have the 2
that Regan wanted his own men Ba

It has been discovered that wide dif-| 4° on h today, ©
and that was all there was to it, ;

f exist among the State laws of
New England in regard to shellfish, par-

Up at the corner of Forty-second »
Broadway things were not so ;
‘acdes' of for thé night. The day _ ©

ticularly ters, The difference will

be made clear and experts of interna-
crowd had’ scented fun and

used to move. Inspector Walsh

to keep his reserves on the job ana
them stationed im front of the ef
windows, with other policemen lined.up —
all around the hotel. zy
The officials of the New York, Taxionb _
Company were highly elated yesteriay ~
over the capture of the red touring carin —
States, to this to-day which Business Agent Joseph P. M
and one young women were looked up | and two other members of the | m2
in the station house at Third srteet and| Union had been touring the city foreems

Fairmount enue. Sev ¢'
Fae ee ets Dabs te tates | te

a uniform policy for the retention and ex-
tension of thi source of food supply.
DEBS ADMIRERS ARRESTED.

Girl Waved Red Fiag and Men in Overflow
Crewd-Werrted the Police.
PuILADRLPHIA, Oct. 11.—As a result

”
2.

candidate for the:

time

Celie Pearlstein

diately taken