an. tas ae ®

Sli

= ee
y

‘OL. LXXIV.—NO, 70.

TO DEPOSE MURPHY

  

PLANNING

 

ANDOREATE A REAL DEMOCRATIC

STATE ORGANIZATION.

 

Maurice Featherson Proposed as Murphy's
successor —Ahearn Joins in the Meve-
ment —Litthe Tim ts Shy—Murphy Try-
ing to Run Lantry Out of Tammany.

Now that the election is over Mayor
Viet Jellan and his friends and the Demo-
cratic leaders in the city and the State who

elieve that the time has come for a re-
organization of the Democratic party pro-
pose to start to work to bring about that
end. In this city plans are forming for an
ittempt to depose Charles F. Murphy from
the leadership of Tammany Halil. Mayor
McClellan is alao to be associated with an-
other movement to reorganize the party in
this State, and in this undertaking he will
join with such men as Edward M, Shepard,
Thomas M. Osborne, John N. Carlisle and
Mayor John N. Adam of Buffalo.

It is understood that one of the first
moves the epponents of Mr. Murphy will
mike will be to test what strength he has
n the present executive committee of the
‘Tammany organization.

It is known that many of the district

jeaders have hung to him on the plea of |

regularity and have stated that if he failed
to make good at the election they would
forsake him. Despite the large vote given
in this city to the Democratic ticket gener-
ally Hearst was knifed mercilessly and
privately, and as a result several district
leaders who have remained loyal to Mr.
Murphy since the Bufialo convention be-
cause of the “regularity” fetish think that
they are no longer bound to him and are
preparing to switch over to Mayor McClel-
lan; especially those of them who happen
to hold jobs in the administration.

One of these is Borough President Ahearn.
Mr. Ahearn is an elective officer and cannot
he removed by the Mayor, but it was learned
veaterday that he has decided to support
the movement started by the Mayor's
friends against Murphy. Hitherto Mr.
Ahearn bas been faithful to Murphy, and his
influence has been of value for the reason
that he has the power of removal over
three district leaders who hold city offices.

These are William Dalton, Commissioner
of Public Works and leader of the Ninth
district; James J. Hagan, Assistant Com-
missioner of Public Works and leader of
the Fifteenth district, and George F. Scan-
nell, Superintendent of Highways, who is
also half Jeader of the Twenty-fifth district,
These men, it may be predicted, will have
to leave Mr. Murphy or their jobs.

There are about half a dozen leaders
who will be put in a similar predicament,
and it was said yesterday by partisans of
Mayor McClellan that it will not take them
many minutes to make up their minds in
view of the fact that Mr. McClellan has
still more than three years to serve and
that without patronage it is impossible for
a Tammany district leader to keep control
of his district.

From gossip heard yesterday among the
local Democrats who seek to eliminate
Murphy the disposition is to make Maurice
Featherson the new leader. It was said
that Mr, Featherson would be acceptable
to Mayor McClellan for the reason that the

Mayor thinks that in temperament, quali- |

fications and ability for organization no
one better could be selected, While it is
true that Mayor McClellan refused to re-
«point Mr. Featherson Dock Commissioner
at the beginning of the year and the re-
sult of it was a feeling of enmity on the
part of Mr. Featherson toward the Mayor,
that feeling has now been done away with.
Mr. Featherson and the Mayor are now
in friendly terms, and it is due, it is under-
stood, to the influence of Mr. Featherson
that Borough President Ahearn has de-
«ided to break away from Murphy.

“tr. Featherson, Mr. Ahearn and Little
‘Tim Sullivan had a long conference yester-
day in Mr, Ahearn's offices in the City
Hall. They talked over the situation to-
gether, and while Little Tim would not
commit himself toany promise it was ascer-
tained that Mr. Featherson and Mr, Ahearn
resolved to align themselves on the side
of the Mayor. Just prior to this con-
ference the following correspondence was
given out:

Hon. Maurice Featheraon, New York City.

My Dear Senator: Would you care to
consider accepting public office again? If so
} should be pleased to tender to you the place
of Tax Commissioner. Very truly yours,

Nov. 2, 1906, Gronoe B. MCCLELLAN.
Hon. George B. McClellan, Mayor.

My Pear Str: Permit me to acknowledge
the receipt of your exceedingly kind favor
of the 2d inat., in which you tender to me
the appointment of the presidency of the
Hoard of Tax Commissioners of the City of
New York.

Iam mindful of and deeply appreciate the
confidence you repose in me, and which your
offer of appointment to that high and re-
sponsible office implies, but I have determined
never again to accept public office, and for
that reason I decline the same, with the aseur-
ance of my regard and eincere thanks. It is,
however, my intention to continue in political

ife, and to assist with all the power I possess
in the promotion of the principles of true
Democracy, and as well in the maintenance
in this community of the Democratic organ-
ization, which should be large enough and
broad enough to invite and enjoy the sup-
port and respect of all men believing in the
Political faith and principles of Thomas
Jefferson,

I shall take pleasure in calling personally
to see you at the earliest opportunity. Again
thanking you for your confidence, I am sin-
cerely yours, MAURICE FEATHERSON.

Nov. 8, 1906,

The first impression which prevailed
at the City Hall after the reading of Mr.

Featherson’s declination was that he had |

refused the offer because he did not wish
to serve under Mayor MoClellan, but it is
understood that the real reason was that

he has fallen in with the wishes of anti- |

Murphy men to become an aspirant to the
leadership of Tammany Hall, and that it
Was agreed upon by himeelf and his ad-
Visers that he would be in a better position

to achieve this end by keeping out of public !

office. After the conference inMr. Ahearn’s
office Mr. Featherson had a talk with the
Mayor, The Mayor would anawer no in-
uiries afterward, and all that Mr. Feather-
fon would say was, “The Mayor and ! have
had a friendly talk, and this generous offer
of his wipes out all old scores between us.”

It im the intention of Mayor McClellan

and his friends to make atest of the strength |

of Mr. Murphy in Tammany Hail at the
annual meeting of the organization in
December. At that meeting Mr. Murphy

will endeavor to have John F. Cowan seated |

#8 the executive member of the south part

 

 

!
| of the Thirtieth district in place of Percy
Nagle, who was elected at the primaries,
Mayor MoClellan’s friends will fight for
the retention of Mr. Nagle in the executive
committee, and should they be defeated
! they will make no further effort to fight
| Mr. Murphy in the councils of the organiza-
| tion. They will start an organized cam-
paign for thé defeat at next year’s primaries
not only of Mr. Murphy but of every district
leader who sticks to Murphy.
| This movement will be one partly of
| education, as one of the Mayor's friends
| described it yesterday, but it will also be
one of some drastic persuasion, because it
is understood that the Mayor has decided
| that he will not longer permit men to re-
; Main jon the public payrolls who are not
| in sympathy with his policies and with his
administration.
Mr. Murphy is apparently aware of the
movement against him. Fire Commissioner
Francis J, Lantry, the leader of the Six-
teenth district, although loyally supporting
| the rest of the Democratic ticket, refused
j;to make a campaign in his district for
} Hearst. He was the only leader who re-
fused to call at Tammany Hall last Monday
for the “dough” given out as usual to the
district leaders on the day before election.
He has apparently been read out of the
Tammany organization by the Murphy
men. The Sixteenth district headquarters
are at the Mohican Club, in East Forty-fifth
street, but yesterday opposition head-
quarters were opened at 152 East Forty-
second street.- A banner was stretched
across the front of this building, inseribed
: “Tammany regular organization, Sixteenth
| district.” Mr. Lantry’s friends said yes-
terday that these headquarters had been

 

| opened by the direction of Mr. Murphy and |

that it was Mr. Murphy's intention to open
| similar opposition headquarters in every
district where it was known that the leader
| of that district might go over to Mayor
McClellan.

District Attorney Jerome had a long
talk yesterday afternoon with Little Tim
; Sullivan, Larry Mulligan, who is a power

J. Frawley, a Tammany ‘eader. The
visitors were so anxious to see Mr, Jerome
that they called twice. The first time
he wasn't in. Mr. Jerome wouldn't say
what the conference was about. His
visitors were equally
except that Senator Frawley remarked
that Mr. Jerome was good Democratic
Presidential timber.

WOMEN TEACHERS LOSE.
Appellate Division Holds That Board Can
Reduce Salaries.

The Appellate Division handed down
an opinion yesterday dealing a heavy blow
at the hopes of the thirty-eight women
principals who are suing the city to re-
cover about $50,000 for back pay. The
women all assigned their claims to one
of their number, Sarah E. Buckbee.

The basis of the suit is that in May, 1899,

increasing the salaries of women principals
of ten years standing from $2,500 to
$2,555) a year. The resolution was rescinded
in December of the same year, and the
thirty-eight Women maintain that. thiy
rescission was unlawful and that they are
entitled to full pay at the higher rate from
January 1, 1900, when the old rate went
into effect again.

ee 2 ainda

authorizing the board to fix the salaries

 

those statutes and the second resolution
of the board the teachers have no standing
{in court. Mias Buckbee demurred to this
| answer as not setting forth a sufficient
defence in law, and Justice Greenbaum
upheld the demurrer, directing the city
to put in a more substantial defence. The
city appealed.

Justice Clarke, writing the court's opinion
which reverses Justice Greenbaum, says
that the claim of Miss Buckbee, that once
the board “fixed” the salaries it became
illegal to reduce them, will not hold in law.

with full power to abolish such places as
it may consider unnecessary, and remarks
that certainly the power to abolish the

invasion of vested rights, if such existed
in this instance, as the power to reduce
salaries.

COMSTOCK RAIDS CLOTHING.

 

 

Antl-Nude Advocate Detects a Lottery
in Men's Sults.

Anthony Comstock and a couple of uni-

raided last evening an alleged clothing
lottery in room 206 in the building at 71
and 73 Nassau street. The firm name
was Murphy & Weber, but the business
was conducted, Comstock says, by
Charles H. Heatley, 50 years old, an Eng-
lish salesman, of 115 Hamilton place, and
Kobert Wiiliams,27 years old, also a sales-
man, of 109 West 102d street. The men
were locked up in the Old Sliptstation

house.

The firm is said to have done a very large
business in Brooklyn, but very little in New
York. Comstock seized 102 boards, 400
covers and 1,000 cards for entering names.
He says they are lottery apparatus. He
alleges that the firm operated by placing
the boards in restaurants, liquor stores
and other business houses throughout
Brooklyn. Each of the boards was punc-
tured with seventy-five round holes, and in
seventy-four of the holes were numbers.

In the last hole was a small round ball,
like a pool ball, upon which was stamped
a number. The holes were pasted over
with paper on both sides. When any one
desired to take a chance on a suit of clothes
he punched out a hole and secured a num-
ber, or, if lucky, the ball. He’ paid the
amount, somewhere between one and 75
cents, that his number called for and re-
ceived credit for that much on a suit of
clothes. If he secured the bal] he got his
suit for as much as the ball called for. The
total amount realized on a board would
be $28.50, and $5 of this went to the pro-
prietor of the place in which the board
was placed. The police say several hun-
| dreds of the boards were out and very

ee Ser

few of those who drew numbers presented |

them for credit on suits, so that the profit
was enormous and the firm had only to
deal with thore who drew the balls.

The firm had only a few suits as a stock
in the room at 71 and 73 Nassau street.

 

TO BET THAT HEARST’S MAYOR,

 

Curb Broker Has a Commission at Odds |

of ito 10.

Fred Oakes, acurb broker, offered vester-
day to het $1,000 agrinet $10,000 that Herrst
will be Mayor of New York within a year
He hed heen comuniasioned to ; lace the

wager, Mr. Gakes said, and believed that
the offer would remain open for several
days, ihee was no taker yesterday.
Mr. Oakes would not disclose the name of
his principal, but said that he waa aman who
| believed that the Attorney-Genernl-elect
| would have the ballot boxes opened and
| prove that Hearst beat McClellan a year
ago.

in the Sullivan clan, and Senator James |

uncommunicative, |

the Board of Education passed a resolution |

The city put in as its defence the statutes |

of the teachers, and maintained that under |

He points out that the board is vested |

office cannot be considered as great an |

formed cops from the Old Slip police station |

 

PROF. HAU HELD FOR MURDER.

GERMAN LAWYER OF WASHING-
TON ARRESTED IN LONDON,

 

Accused of Killing His Mother-in-Law at
Baden-Baden —Woman Called From Her
Home and Shot Dead—Detective Says
Hau Admitted He Had Been in the City.

Special Cable Despatch to TAB Stn.
Lonpon, Nov. 8.—In the Bow Street Ex-
| tradition Court to-day Karl Hau, alias
Slau, aged 26, who says he is a lawyer
resident in Washington, U. S. A., was
charged with murder in Germany. He
was arrested in the Hotel Cecil just after he
had arrived there from Baden-Baden. He
declared that his arrest was the result of a
misunderstanding. The evidence against
— has not yet arrived from Germany
| and he was remanded.
The prisoner was born in Germany and is
ls naturalized American citizen. He is
charged with murdering his mother-in-law.
| A detective deposed that he went to
| the Hotel Cecil yesterday and saw the
prisoner and read the warrant to him.
Hau replied: “It’s a misunderstanding,”
and afterward he said: “Don’t you know
where the murder was committed?” The
witness replied: “The telegram came from
Baden-Baden.” The prisoner remarked:
“I have just arrived from there.”
| The prisoner denied saying that, declaring
that what he said was that he has just
| arrived from the Continent. The detective
| insisted that his version was correct, and
; the prisoner further said: “That accounts
for two telegrams my wife received to-day
| saying that her mother was dying and that
I was accused of murdering her.”
There was found on the prisoner £200,
and a loaded revolver was discovered in
his dréssing case. The prisoner's wife
and child are without money, and £16 is
' due to the Hotel Cecil. The Magistrate
ordered that £40 be handed over to the
| wife. He aleo gave permission to the
| prisoner to see his wife and child.
The following details of the crime charged
against Prof. Hau are known here: On the
evening of November 6 the widow of Dr.
| Molitor was called to the telephone in her
| home at Baden-Baden and received a re-
| quest to go to the post office and get a
| parcel that was there for her. She started
accompanied by her younger.
daughter. When passing through a quiet

street a shot was fired from behind her
; and Frau Molitor fell dead, ber heart having
; been pierced by a bullet.

The man who fired the shot was seen,

but he escaped. He was described as
| being of medium height and apparently
| under 40 years of age. He wore an ob-
| viously false beard. He was undoubtedly
| the man who had called Fran Molitor up
on the telephone or a hireling employed to
murder her.

| 1t is stated that Frau Molitor had been
| long threatened and that

| were laid against her. On one occasion
|

|

at once,

she was summoned by telegraph to Paris

to visit a sick daughier, Prof. Hau’s wife.

The sickness proved a hoax, and it is be-

lieved that summoning Frau Molitor to

France was actually part of a plot to murder

her which miscarried. It is hoped that
| the original telegram will prove valuable
| evidence
| Wasnincton, Nov. 8.—Karl Hau, who
| was arrested to-day in London charged

with the murder of his mother-in-law in
Germany, is professor of Roman law at the
George Washington University, this city,
and is well known here both socially
j}and among the legal profession. His
| practice, however, has been confined largely
to international work, he being the repre-
sentative here of German law firms. He
maintains a suite of offices the Bond
Building and lived with his wife and child
at the Highland apartment house.

He was born in Germany, where his family
is prominent, and his wife is also a native
of that country. He was graduated with
honors from the universities of Berlin,
| Freiburg and Bologna, and, having ample

income, has travelled extensively. He
| has only recently returned to London from
a trip to Turkey in connection with legal
| matters there.

His friends scout the idea that Hau is
guilty of the crime and insist that he will
| be able to prove his innocence. Hau is

26 or 37 years of age and came to Washingtoq
| four years ago.
|

|
|
|

——

DURAND TO RETIRE NEXT MONTH

 

Kame Howard, Now ConsukGeneral at
| Crete, Will Take Charge of British Embassy.
| WasHinoton, Nov. 8.—Esame Howard,
now Consul-General of Britain at Crete,
will come to Washington soon to become
counsellor of the British Embassy and
Chargé d’Aflaires. Sir Henry Mortimer
Durand, the Ambassador whose intention
to retire became known yesterday, will
leave Washington next month, possibly
before the Christmas holidays, and Mr.
Howard will then take charge. When the
Ambassador departs it will be only on a
leave of absence, and his actual retirement
| will not come until his su¢cessor reaches
Washington next spring. Who will suc-
ceed the Ambassador is not known.
Mr. Howard has been in Crete since 1903.
He is the fourth son of the late Henry How-
ard of Greystoke, was born in Greystoke
Castile, in Cumberland, in 1863, and in 1806
he married Lady Isabella Giustimiana-Ban-
| dini, daughter of Prince Giustiniana-Ban-

dini, Earl of Newburgh. He entered the
British diplomatic service in 1885, served
| in the British embaesies in Berlin and in
| Rome and retived in 1892, but entered the
' service again in 1963. He served in South
Africa in 1900, won considerable distinction
| and is a member of the Royal Victorian
| Order.

BIG

a

NEW RAILROAD PROJECT.

Proposed Lake Shore Southern Believed to
He an Hilinels Central Scheme.
Mitwavkee, Nov. 8.—-A report from

 

|
|

cunning plots |

Marquette, Mich., sys that a $12,000,000 |

construction mortgage for a new railroad

to run between Huron Bay, Lake Superior |
_ and Madison, Wis., has been filed for record |

| Muench is the first

there. ¢
The mort is given by the Lake Shore |
Southern ilway to the Knickerbocker |

Trust Company of New York.

is on Dinois Central project.

This reocils the fact that a line has been
graded, bridges built and steel laid between
Champion, Mich,, and Huron Bay, over
which a train has never run,

 

 

Pearl in His Oyster.

While Frank Wimmer, a barber, of 4103
Willis avenue was eating a raw oyster
yesterday his teeth encountered some.
| thing hard, It was a large pearl. He took
the pearl to a pawnbroker, who, he says,

At Marcuette it is believed that the line |

}
|
|

;

| whone case ia on appeal, had been ided

offered hirn $250 for it, but he refused the |
offer

 

 

FOUR FIRES ALL ALIKE.

Near Each Other in West 60th Street —Little
Doubt of Incendiarism.

Two fires ir’ the Sixtieth street block
between Amsterdam and Columbus avenues
at about the same time, 1 o’olock this morn-
ing, routed all the people in the neighbor-
hood out of bed and caused the police to
make thorough search through the district
for incendiaries. The basement of the
six story tenement house at 105 was found

to be in flames first when O. F. Oliwell,

who lived there, discovered a pile of boxes

filled with excelsior blazing fiercely, Be- |

WHOLE STATE TICKET, BAR
| SHARST, SEEMS TO HAVE WON,

 

Chanler Over Brace Is About 4,300, While
Jackson's Plurality Over Mayer Ap-
pears to Be 6,000 —Skene for Engineer
Leads With 10,000 Over Van Alstyne.

Revised reports on the State ticket from
ali counties in the State indicate clearly

fore he could turn in an alarm the fire had ; that the Democratic candidates for all

crept into the airshaft and was cutting
off the exit of occupants of the rear apart-
ments.

Michael Wittenberg and Benjamin Brown,
both employees of the Colonial Hotel, who
were passing when the fire was discovered,
hustled up the fire escape in the rear and
routed out twenty families on the various
floors. Mrs. Margaret Farrell, 90 years old,
was carried down from the top floor.

While Olwell was telling the police that
he had heard some one run out of the base-
ment just before the fire was seen, Policeman
Eiseman of the West Sixty-eighth street
station house discovered a blage in the
apartment house at 137, a few doors down
the street. He turned in an alarm for it
and then alarmed all the occupants. This
fire was kept in the basement with $1,000
damage. The other fire caused $15,000
damage.

Mrs. Caroline Swain, 80 years old, of 109
West Sixtieth street, hurried to the window
of her apartment when she heard the fire
engines. She dropped unconscious as she
pulled back the curtain, and was dead when
her friends reached her.

The engines were just leaving the firet
two fires when a pile of blazing rub-
bish, similar to those in the previour
cases, was found in the basement at 215
West Sixtieth street, a half block away
frem the second fire. The smoke had
awakened Sdtah Kehoe, who aroused the
members of her family.

The firemen squelched the blazing rubbish
in ‘short order, but not until the smoke
furnes had driveti out twenty families.

Lincoln Mooney, a one legged veteran of
the civil war, was carried out from the top
floor.

At

j

2 o'clock the same kind of fire was
discovered in the basement of 247 West
Sixty-first street, a six story tenement
house. The blaze was slight, but fourtedén
families were hurried out.

MR. HUGHES AT KAMP KILLEKARE,
Took a Tramp to Crows Neat Soon After
We Arrived—Wiil Sleep in the Open Air.

Kamp KILLKARF, Racquet Lake, N. Y.,
Nov. 8.—Governor-elect Charles Evans
Hughes passed the day quietly at the pic- |
turesque Adirondack retreat, Kamp Kill-
kare, of former Lieut.-Gav. 'T. L. Woodruff,
where he expects to remain a fortnight.
After a delightful ride over a corduroy
road on a bright and breezy morning Mr.
Hughes and the other members of the
party who are to be Mr. Woodrufl’s guests |
reached Kamp Killkare shortly before 9
o'clock, They were made comfortable by
Supt. J. D. MeSweeny in the absence of
the host, who is expected as soon as he
can be released from his duties as chairman
of the Republican State committee.

It was not jong after his arrival that Mr. |
Hughes appeared in a tramping suit for a
stroll over the wooded country and along
with Senator Alfred R. Page disappeared
in the dense forest bound for Crows Nest,
one of the highest points of vantage in the
Adirondacks, where they obtained an ex-
cellent view of Sagamore Lake, on the pre-
serve of Alfred Gwynne Vanderbilt. After
this jaunt of a little over two miles Mr. |
Hughes returned with a good appetite for |
luncheon.

“This place just suits me,” was the com-
ment of Mr. Hughes at the dining table, |
where many jokes and reminiscences of the |
campaign just ended were told.

Mr. Hughes afterward busied himself
with some correspondence and then took
another spin around the edge of beautiful
Lake Kora. When Mr. Hughes becomes
acclimated he will sleep in one of the many
open leantos, where a bed of pine boughs |
will take the place of a hair mattress,
During his sojourn Mr. Hughés intends to |
take a good rest, tabooing politics and |
spending most of his time boating and
walking.

COWING IN GOFF’S PLACE?

 

 

 

 

Suggestion That the Aldermen Name Him
—Promotion fer Justice Clarke.
Recorder Goff, who on Tuesday was elected
one of the Supreme Court Justices for New
York county, has not yet resigned as Re-
corder, and according to the best information
last night it is doubtful if Mr. Goff resigns
before January 1, There were Republicans
dd Democrats who said that they hoped
Recorder Goff would resign so that the
Board of Aldermen could assemble and name
Judge Rufus B. Cowing as Recorder Goff's
successor. Such an appointment would
hold until January 1, 1908, There was some
dispute last night as to whether Recorder
Goff’s suecessor would be appointed by
the Board of Aldermen or by Gov. Higgins,
but the only law quoted on the subject
was the Consolidation Act, which says
the Board of Aldermen. :
There were Republicans in town at the
Fifth Avenue Hotel last night who said that
Gov. Higgins before he retires on January
1 will appoint Supreme Court Justice John
Proctor Clarke presiding Justice of the
Appellate Division of the First Department
in place of Morgan J. O’Brien, resigned.
Speaking of legal matters, friends of
Frank S$. Black said at the Hotel Manhattan |
last night that Mr. Black is shortly to sever
his connection with the firm of Black, Gruver
Oleott & Bonynge.'

PRISON FOR SEWERCLAIM FRAUD.

First Man Convicted in ‘This County Gets |
Six Months. |
Charles Muench, a liquor dealer, who |
pleaded guilty to presenting a faiee vewer |
damage claim to the city, was sentenced
by Judge Kosalsky in General Seaslors
esterday to #ix months in the penitentiary.
man in this county |
to be convicted as a result of the investi-
gation by Comptroller Metz into sewer |
damage claims |
Muench presented a claim for $600 dam-~ |
ages to stock in the cellar of his saloon at
Cypress avenue near Grove «treet, Long
Inland, City Witnesses swore that there
was nothing stored in the cellar. Comp. |
troller Metz heard that clemency for Muench
was to be asked for and wrote a letter to
District Attorney Jeroine asking that
Muench be made an example of as the oy
had been swindled out of a million dollars.
He added that as soon as the case of Lawyer
Miles, who was convicted in Brooklyn and

 

there would be a great many prosecutions.
Try Gold & Blaok Label |, 2 & 8 Crown rries
of A. KR, Ruls & Hermanos, Jerez, pater dae.

 

 

 

| Express from New York
aav where hée had been, adding that he had |
been sleeping moxt of the time he bas been |

offices, except Governor have small plurali-
ties on the face of the returns. The highest
plurality is that of Skene, candidate for
Engineer and Surveyor, who seems to have
nearly 10,000, the exact figures at present
available showing him to be 9,661 in the
lead. Lieut.-Gov. Bruce appears to be
beaten by from 3.500 to 5,000 votes, the
available figures showing him 4,316 behind
Chanler, the Democratic nominee, The
figures received yesterday made the situa-
tion appear a little bit better for the Republi-
cans; there being a few gains for them, but
these were not sufficient to indicate any
material change in the result.

It becomes more apparent that the de-
feat of Mr. Hearst was brought about
entirely by Democratic knifing. Had the
head of the ticket received the support
of the Democrats and others who voted for
the minor candidates New York State
would have had a Hearst administration
after January 1. It will be impossible to
obtain any figures more accurate than
those which have been gathered until after
the completion of the county canvasses
by the county boards which will assemble
on Tuesday of next week. It will be some
time before all these boards finish their
work, and until that is done the éxact re-
sults of the election will not be known.

The Republicans and the Democrats at
their headquarters in New York city, while
displaying the keenest interest in the out-
come of the contest, have also manifested
good feeling, and there has been no disposi-
tion to question the political integrity of
either side except on the part of certain
overzealous friends of Mr. Hearst, and
then the interest of MY. Hearst's friends
has been only in the vote for Mr. Hearst.

The new figures gathered yesterday con-
firmed the returns he received previously,
which showed that Mr. Hughes's plurality
would be about 60,000.

Here are the apparent pluralities on other
candidates:

 

IAeutenant-Governor....Chanler, D J
Secretary of State. Whalen, D i
Attorney CGeneral....... Jackson, D 5
‘Treasurer Hauser, D y
Comptroller... Giynn, D ;
Engineer Skene, D 9,06)

FATAL DUEL IN MISSISSIPPI,
Senator Monéy’s Brother Kills L.. J. Hen.
derson, Who Also Had a Notch in His Gan,

Mempuis, Nov. 8.—A despatch from
Carrollton, Miss., says that news has been
received there from Money, a small town
in Leflore county, of a pistol duel fought
there to-day between J. D. Money, who is
a brother of United States Senator H. D.
Money and a cousin of Gov. James K. Varda-

} nan, and L. J. Henderson, a prominent
| merchant planter

Henderson was instantly killed and Money
slightly wounde!
Three years ago Henderson purchased

| Woodstock plantation, including the town

of Money. A dispute over the dea! is said
to have caused to-day’s tragedy

Money was seriously wounded in a shoot-
ing affray fifteen years ago when he aided
Gov. Vardaman in a difficulty with the
Stoddard brothers, one of whom waa killed
and the other wounded Money hes beena
cripple since.

Henderson ten years ago killed Leflore
Harris, a prominent young planter, and
was acquitted,

 

JAPANESE BITTERNESS.

Majerity Do Not Belleve In This Govern.
ment's Fairness.
Special Cable Despateh to THe Son.

Toki, Nov. %.—The Jiii Shimpo, com-
menting on the trouble with the United
States, says that while the educated Jap-
anese fully appreciate the attitude of the
Washington Government and realize that
its intentions are fair they regret that the
obduracy of the Californians in regard to
the treatment of the Japanese in that State
neovasitates a settlement of the question
by the courts.

The paper adds that ft fears the effect of
slow legal process upon a majority of the
people, to whom San Francisco means
America. Propinquity strengthened the
appeal for contributions for the retief of the
earthquake sufferers, and likewise accen-
tuates popular resentment, which, despite
the persuasions of the educated minority,
seems likely to attain the dimension of
national bitterness toward all America,
which will seriously affect future sovial and
trade relations. The /i}i Shimpo prays the
Californians to consider the serious con-
sequences of their exclusiveness.

SWITCHMEN WILL

,

NOT STRIKE.

 

Accept Advance of 3 Cents an Hour and
Leave 3 Cents to Arbitration,

Caicaco, Nov. 8.—The switchmen ac-
cepted the offer of the general managers
of the Western roads for an advance of
three cents an hour at a meeting held here
to-day.

The remaihing three cents difference
between the aemands of the unions and the
offer of the roads will be settled by arbi-
tration at future meetings to be held by
persons selected by the union committee-
men and the road managers.

Union officials expressed themselves as |

satisfied with the arrangement.

The arbitration committee which will
make an effort to finally settle the wages
question will probably, it is declared, be
composed of the members of the Interstate
Commerce Commission,

MORAN WILL TRY TO RUN AGAIN.

 

 

Gets Back te Boston From New Yerk and
Announces Candidacy.
Poston, Nov. 8.—District Attorney Moran

| arrived in Boston at 6 o'clock to-night as

suddenly and unexpectedly as he disap-

| pared on election day.

Hie was a passenger on the Knickerbocker
He declined to

away. e looked much refreshed,

He went to the Quincey House, where he
had a conference with Chairman Feeney,
Granville McFarland and T. W. Coakley
hia managers in the recent campaign, an
then went home.

Coakley said that the District Attorney
would be a candidate for Governor next
year.

 

After ail, Usher's the Scote>
that made the highbell famous.—Ads.

 

| DEMOCRATS RETAIN THE LEAD| “™***"s ©

 

 

Prince Ching at the Head of the New Re-
: form Government.

From Tae SuN Correspondent at Shanghal.

SuHanowatr, Nov. 8.—Following are the
presidents of the various boards that will
com pose the Chinese Cabinet:

President of the Council and Prime Minis-
ter, Prince Ching; Board of Foreign Af-
fairs, Chu Hung Chi; Board of Agriculture,
Prince Tsai Chen; Board of Civil Appoint-
ments, Lu Chwen Lin; Board of Finance,
Pu Ting; Board of Educaton, Jung
Ching; Board of Rites, Pu Liang;
Army Board, Tieh Ling; Board of Justice,
Tai Hung Tae; Board of Civil Administra-
tion, Hiu Shi Cheng; Board of Communica-
tions, Chang Poh Si; Board of the Colonies,
Shou Chi; Board of Censors, Lu Pao Chang.

Pexiy, Nov. 8.—An edict was issued
yesterday approving a constitutional gov-
ernment and ordering the provincial offi-
cials to present plans for reorganization.

 

14 NEW REBATE INDICTMENTS.

 

Special U. 8. Grand Jury Acts on Charges
That Grain Elevation Was Absorbed.
MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. 8.—Indictments in

fourteen cases were handed to Judge

Lochren in the United States District Court

to-day covering the giving of rebates by

certain railroads and the reseiving of the
game by grain firms and individuals. The
list of railways indicted foll6ws:

The Great Northern Railroad Company,
four indictanents, about seventy-five counts;
the Chicago, St. Paul, Minneapolis and
Omaha Railway, one indictment, fifty
counts; Wisconsin Central Railway, one
indictment, seventeen counts; Minneapolis
and St. Louis Railway, one indictment,
five counts.

The indictments against the railroads
charge the giving of rebates. Under the
head of receiving rebates the folldwing
true bills were returned:

W. P. Devereaux Company, McCaull-
Dinsmore Company of Minneapolis, Ames
Brooks Company of Duluth, the Duluth
Milling Company.

In most of the instances the railroads
are charged with absorbing elevator charges,
though in a few cases the return of freight
paid is alleged.

 

WOMAN IN HIGHEST
Mies Mary Philbrook Admitted to Practise
in 0. 8, Supreme Court.

WasHiInoton, Nov. 8.—-Miss Mary Phil-
brook of New Jersey, who was to-day ad-
mitted to practise in the Supreme Court
of the United States, is the twenty-seventh
woman to enjoy that privilege. The motion

COURT.

 

 

General Hoyt on behalf of former Attorney-
General Griggs, who highiy commended
Miss Philbrook’s legal ability.

Attorney-General Malone of Massachn- |

| awaiting him.

!
oe the only niembers of his party
|
|

Farpay, Noventnan 9/6000. ye
Fair to-day and to-morrow;
winds, mostly northéast.

 

PRICE TWO CENTS. /

  

BINEY APPOINTED. | DRRCIDENT OFF FOR PANAMA,

 

HE AND MRS. ROOSEVELT AB@ARD
THE MAYFLOWER. .

 

Wilt Be Transferred to the tleship
Louisiana This Morning —At ama
He Will Inspect the Entire Pork of

the Canal—Root Sitting on ahe Lid,

Wasninoron, Nov. 8.—Presid
velt is aboard the converted yacht

 
   
  
  
 
  

Panama, The Mayflower, in
Capt. Long, will reach the
Potomac early to-morrow mo!
the President and his party
to the big battleship Louis

vessel of the United Sta Navy, which

will convey him to the Isthmus. When he |

teps ashore at Colon it will be the first
instance in the history
where the President oft

 
    

soil during his
1 Zone is held to
lon is outside the
of Panama, where

term of office. The Caq
be American soil, but
zone, as is also the ci
the President and Mrs, Roosevelt will for a
few hours be the guestspf President Amador
of the Panama Repiblic. Besides Mrs.

on the trip are Rear? Admiral Rixey, Sur-
geon-General of thé navy, and Assistant
Secretary Latta. 7

The President spent a busy day at the
White House winding up affairs of state
before his departure. While he is away
Secretary Loeb will be in charge at the
White House and Secretary Root will oc-
cupy the seat “an the lid” usually held by
Secretary Taft when the President is away

!on an extended trip. Despite the fact

| that the President is afloat, he will be in
close communigation with affairs at Wash-
ington. The Louisiana has been fitted
up with the most complete wireless tele-
graph apparatus available,
Evans of the navy has been assigned to
special duty in charge of the instruments
aboard the vessel. He will communicate
from time to time with the wireless stations
along the roast, and thus the President will
be kept advised of the trend of events.

The President was in conference with
Secretary Root up to the time of his de-
parture from the White House at 3°30, At
that hour he and Mrs. Roosevelt entered
their carriage and drove direct to the navy
yard, where the Mayflower was at the dock

Just before his arrival a
delivery wagon from a local florist’s drove
down to the wharf and half a dozen large

| clusters of roses and other cut flowers were

for her admission was made by Solicitor- | taken aboard the ship to decorate the Presi-

dent’s cabin, They were gifts ta Mrs.
Roosevelt from her friends.

Capt. Leutze, the Commandant of the
Washington Navy Yard, where the May-

setts was also admitted to practise, his | fower was moored, together with practically

sponsor being Attorney-General Moody.

 

CONGRESSWIN RETURNS SAL

 

Pollard of Nebraska Gives lp 81,803 to
Piacaie His Constituents.
Lincoun, Neb., Nov. 8.—Congressman
Pollard of the First district to-day sent
to Sergeant-at-Arms Casson $1,865 paid
to him as salary from March 4 to July-18,
1906. .
Pollard waa elected in July to (ill a vacancy
caused by the promotion of Congressman
Burkett to the Senate.
| The money was paid under a law which
gives a Congressman salary from the date
of his predecessor's resignation, but the
point was raised in the campaign just
closed that Pollard had no legal predecessor
and that he had no moral right to draw a
salary before he had even been nominated.
His majority was reduced 1,500 because
of this charge and rather than have his
constituents think he would take money
to which any considerable number believed
he had no claim he returned the amount.

TERRORISTS BLOW UP A TRAIN.
Many Killed or Weounded—Wrecrkers Leet
the Mall Car.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN
| Warsaw, Nov. 8.--As a train was enter-
| ing the Rogoff station this evening a party
of terrorists threw a bomb at the mail car.
The explosion caused the derailment of the
train and killed or wounded many persons.
The men terrorists seized the mails and
escaped. It is reported that they obtained
1,000,000 rubles.

SUB-TREASURY SHORTAGE.

Grand Jury to Take Up St. Louts Km-
bezziement Case.

Str. Lovrs, Nov. 8.-—-Fred W. Lehmann,
special counsel for the Government, to-day
admitted having received instructions to
proceed against the “person or persons
believed to be implicated in the recent
embezzlement of $61,500 from the Sub-
Treasury at St. Louis.”

Attorney Lehmann said: “I will bring
the matter to the attention of the Federal
Grand Jury which convenes November 14.
My instructions are general and no person
was named. Further than that there is
nothing that I can say.”

OBJECT TO BUYING STEEL HERE.

 

3,000 Workmen in Italy Strike as Protest
Against Government Contract
Spectal Cable Upspatch © Tus Sun,

MILAN, Nov. 8.--Owing to the statement
that the Government is about to enter“4into
| a contract with the Midvale Steel Company

of Pennsylvania to supply 2,100 tons of

armor plate, 3,000 employees of the Terni

Steel Works have gone on strike. The
| local authorities countenance the strike
| on the pretext of supporting national in-
dustries.

A largely attended public meeting, at
which the Government was denounced,
| adopted a resolution declaring that the
utmost would be done to hinder the con-
clusion of the contract.

 

 

| Republicans Lack Ten of a Majority in
Now Hampshire.

Concorp, N. H., Nov. 8—There is little
doubt that the election of a Governor in
| this State will be thrown into the Legisla-

ture. Complete unofficial returns show

that Floyd, the Republican candidate,
lacks 10 votes of a majority which is neces-
sary to elect. The figures are aa follows:

Floyd, #,51%; Jameson, Democrat, 37,524;

Tetley, Prohibition, 2,119; Mot ail, Socialist,

888.
“ate parity has made it tamene? ade, - fy

;

all the naval officers at the yard, was at the
dress uniform to await the
arrival of the President and bid him adieu.
The Commandant also had a company of
marines and a detachment of jackies drawn
up in line to give the President a salute
when he stepped upon the gangplank.
It was 3:60 when the President’s carriage
reached the dock. There was a blare of
trumpets as he appeared, Alighting from
| his carriage he assisted Mrs. Roosevelt out
and then turned to shake hands with the
Commandant and several of his staff. When
he started across the gangplank the band on
board the ship struck up “The Star Spangled
Banner” and the crowd of one hundred or
more persons on shore gave a cheer.

| On board the President found awaiting

him to say good-by Ambassador and Mme.
Jusserand, Secretary and Mrs. Cortelyou,

| Secretary Loeb and Mrs, Rixey. Capt.

Long greeted him as he set foot upon the
ship. Fifteen minutes later the gangplank

| was pulled in by half a dozen robust jackies

a —

|
|
|
| dress. His uniform consisted of a blanket

and Capt. Long gave orders for the ship to
move. Slowly the vessel pulled away from
her dock and as she did so the President
appeared aft on the main deck and a rousing
cheer was given by the crowd, which he
acknowledged by removing his big black
slouch hat and bowing.

Buster, the brindle bulldog whose office
is that of mascot of the Mayflower, next
to the President was the most conspicuous
figure on the deck. He, too, waa in full,

meade from sailor's jeans, with his name
embroidered in gold lace upon either side,
and a heavy standing collar, likewise in-
seribed with his name. He didn't quite
understand all the ceremony and fuss, but
he made a great bluff at knowing and
skipped with delight from jacky to officer
and from officer to the President in the
most unconventional fashion. He made
friends at once with the President.

Just as the ship pulled away a man in the
crowd shouted: “Good luck, Mr. President,
and a safe voyage.”

“Thank you; thank you very much,”
replied the President, who was quick to
catch the farewell greeting. “I am going
down to see how the canal is getting along,”
he continued asvhe waved his hat and bowed.

“Don’t fall in, Mr. President,” shouted a
husky lunged individual, but his words
of warning were lost to the President in
the thundering of the salute of twenty-one
guns which was fired as the Mayflower
steamed slowly down the eastern branch
toward the Potomac.

Surgeon-General Rixey came near being
left behind. He and Mrs. Rixey were the
first of the party to arrive at the dock.
Just before the vessel started he came off
the boat to assist Mrs. Rixey to her car-
riage. Apparently Capt. Long did not
observe that he was ashore and gave the
order to haul in the lank. The jackies
quastad @ 40 o>, ond tho Gashens-teaanes
was obliged to bid his wife a hasty good-by
and run for the ship. He got aboard all
right, but it was a mighty close call.

It is expected that the President will be
back in Washington by November 27, thus
making the total time of his absence nineteen
days. Of that, four days will be spent in aa
inspection of the Canal Zone and one day
in a visit to Porto Rico. The rest of the
time will be consumed by the voyage there
and back, . :

During bis stay in the Canal Zone Mr.
Roosevelt will inspect the entire work of
the «inal. He intends to traverse the
route from one end to the other and have
many 0! the details explained to him. Dur-
ing the time he is on shore at Panama the
President's headquarters will be at the
Hotel Tivoli. Among the festivities ar-
ranged for his visit is a ball to be given
by the canal employees, at which he will
make a speech. .

The start home from Panama will be made

J

and Lieut. .

on November 19. Three |days,later¢4bq j

#h
t

r Sey t yee
Fett a