\e

\

  

 

“Vor. LXVIIL—NO. 2

—————— -

 

RUSSIA'S PLAN TO GET OUT.

OFFICIAL

Reviews

 

NOTE COMMUNICATING IT
TO HER ALLIES,

 

Porposes for Which Invaston of

China Was lt ndertaken and Says Only One,
Rescae of Foreigners, Was Feasible—Iovites

one

r Powers to Withdraw From Pekin.

Speclal Cable Despateh to THE SUN,

Sr. PE

aeng

ing Russia *
only has t!
attained, bu
Pekin have

peen taker
These are favorable.

Pekin

however, W

programm

out, the

embodied in
Now, In order not to give rise to any

pique.

misunderstandings or

tions regar
gia, the Ems

er pon’

rnspuna, Sept. 1.—-The OMcial Mee
« an official communication regard-
policy in China, It says that “not
eo main object of the allies been
t the rebel bands concentrated in
been dispersed. Measures have
for assuring communications with
Circumstances,
| change in no way the political
that Russia previously marked
fundamental principles of which are
the last Government commu-
incorrect interpreta-
ding the future intentions of Rus
eror has designed to direct the

acting Minister of Foreign Affairs to address

the fo

lowing elreular telegram to the Rue-

sian representatives accredited abroad:

“A cre

“ular telegram from the acting Minteter of

Foresgn A faire

"AUG. 35.

“The immediate objects which the Imperial

Government

bad in view at the very outset

of the Chinese troubles were as follows: First,

to protect

the Russian legation at Pekin and

to insure the safety of Russian subjects against
the criminal intentions of Chinese rebela, and,

second,

to render help to the Chinese Govern-

ment in ita strugéle with these troubles in
the interests of the speedy establishment of
the legal order of things in the Empire. Asa
result, all the Powers interested decided, with
the same objects in view, to send troops to

China.

“The Impertal Governme nt on that occasion
proposed the following funda mental principles
for the guidance of the Powers regarding events
in China: The maintenance of a common agree-

ment

among

the Powers, the maintenance

of the former state of organism in China and
the removal of everything that could lead to
the partition of the Celestial Empire and the

establishment,

with the united Powers, of

a legal central government at Pekin which
would be able without assistance to preserve
order and tranquillity in the country.

“On these points agreement prevalls among

almost
no
ernment
here

When

other

the Powers. While pursuing
objects the Imperial Gov-
will continue to steadfastly ad-

all

to {ts former programme of action.

the course of events, such as

the rebel attack on our troops at Newchwang
and the series of hostile acts by the Chinese on
our state frontier, as, for instance, the bom-

bardment

Russia
mareh

of  DBlagovestchensk, induced
to occupy Newohwang and
her troops {nto Manehurian terri-

tories, such temporary measures, which were
exclusively prompted by the necessity of ward-
ing off the agaressive acts of Chinese rebels,
can in no way be regarded as indicating tnde-
pendent plana, which are completely foreign to
the policy of the Imperial Government.

“as soon as lasting order ts established in
Manchuria and Indispensable measures taken
for the protection of the railway, the con-

struction of which is assured

in virtue

of a spectal formal agreement with
Chine concerning the concession granted
the Eastern Railway Company, Russia

will not fail to recall her troops in these terri-
tories of the neighboring empire, provided that
the action of the other Powers does not place
an obstacle {n the way of such a measure.

“It is manifest that the interesis of the

Powers and the

international companies ost

Newchwang, occupied by Russia and open

lo
railway

international

the
re-

as also on
have been

trade,

lines which

wored by our ‘roops. should remain Inviolate
and‘hey are fully assured by tue capture of
lek n which, owing to changed circumstances,
was effected more expeditiously than was ex-

pected

“The first and principal task which the Im-
peria! Government set { self, namely, the de-

Mverance of the representatives of the
Powers, together with all the forelgne
ers besieged, has been accomplished.
The second task, namely, the rendering

of Assistance to and the codperation of the

legal central Government in

ment of order and regular relations |
wih the Powers, appears at present |
fo be diMcult, owing to the departure
fre the capitol of the Emperor him-

the establish-

ef, the Pimpress Regent, and the Tsung-li-

Yamen

Under soch cireumstances the Im-

Perial Government does not considgt there is

suMc.ent reason

for ita Minister to remain

longer in Takin.”

Te wlegram ther

de Giers

whose pre-enc

announces the reoall of M,
the Ris-lap Minister, and his staff,
n Pek n, itsays, is purposeless

 

‘Neonsequen e of the often-deciared determi-
natlon of tle Gowernment not to depart from

{ts orginal task.

In conclusion it says;

“AS soon, however, as the legal Chinese Gove
emment takes the reins of power in hand and
appointy @ representative invested with full
authority to negotiate with the Powers, Russia,

after having come to an agreement with all |

the foreign Goverumenta, will on her side not
fail tosenda plenipotentiary to the place where

the
‘h
the k
You are
thare ou

re

hegotrat

owledge of

will te held,
« you to bring all this to
the Government to which

‘redited, we hope the latter will
views,

mmendi

A

 

OUR ANSWER 70 RUSSIA,

"Is @ Compicte Disapproval of the Czar’s

Wastrsoros

Proposition,
Sept. 1

s
prise expressed here at the apparent misun-

derstat ding of the reply of the United States
® Russia. The officials who framed it de
Clare thas ¢

f Ru
of Russia's Proposition
Govern mar

hote of July

the answer is a complete disapproval
Not
it consider that the purposes of its
can be best obtained by the har-

oe = cupation of Pekin by the Powers,
one ‘ : t intend to diminish the prepara-
o x . ereater railitary activity in China

_ ® elnuergelncy arivee, It was said to-

day

that the aversion of troops from Nagasaki

7 +“ ‘4, ‘stead of sending them to China,
nar, t Oley sidetracking them pending the
Nor aot the whole trouble in China,
in the 3 Wil these troops be established
i civic. ae Ines Dut all the supplies
Mania a nt intended for China are to go to

, “re a large base will be formed.

The bringing 1

fron

me of

volunteer regiments

and it re " : ee ines has always been delayed,
pines Z ree decided to retain in the Philip-
Chinees fa ie one until the outcome of the
Officials + wulty has been fully established.
Bouble in ¢ ie say that they expect more
Wa trenn:,: 4, but explain that this course
We detern:ins ‘ary Theasure. The United States

ined to give full protec
bean int, “a H protection to Amer-

Atm ir

China; and while they will not

 

—* meepentont action, they willingist
rE. & Ww.
Baw Dress Shirts. EK & W. ‘

Pettect ia every detall.-Ade

~There is much sur- |

only does this |

 

N
| that the conditions in the note of July 3 are
complied with and will act concurrently with
the other Powers in attaining this result. The
position of the United States on the occupa.

tion of Pekin, however, is that the Powers must
be in perfect harmony on the question of occu.

pying the capital.

In further elucidation of the answer of the
United States the positive declaration ls made
by officials here that the President and his
Cabinet are opposed to Russia's proposition
and have so notified Russia and the other
Powers, The expression of disapproval is
found {in the declaration that the United States
consider that the purposes of the note of July
3 can best be attained by a joint oecupation
of Pekin by the Powers unti! the rehabilitation
of the Chinese Government is accomplished,
On the other hand absolute harmony ta con-
sidered essential, and the action of any one
Power in withdrawing ite forces from Pekin
would not only break the harmony but render
inexpedient the occupation of Pekin by the
‘nited States,

The officials consider that the answer shows
clearly the disapproval of the United States
in Russia's course, and at the same time de-
clares the intention of this Government to with-
draw from Pekin unless all the Powers agree
to remain. By sending this reply to all the
Powers it is intended to convey the suggestion
that the United States would like their {n-
dorsement of the proposition to remain in Pe-
kin and thereby cause Russia to recede from
her position and continue the Joint occupation
of the Chinese capital, It is not putting it too
strong to say that the President and Cabinet
hope to secure such general disapproval of
Russia's proposition as will induce the Czar to
follow the plan outlined by the United States.
It is not admitted that any replies have been
received by the United States from the other
Powers, but there is complete confidence in
Japan's supporting the United States. It ts
thought Germany and England will do like-
wise, The position of France, Italy and Aus-
tria is not known, but the {ndorsement by
France of the American note to Russia in regard
to the status of Li Hung Chang is regarded as
favorable.

One new point has developed to-day on
the subjectof withdrawal, Itis that the United
States may not walt to hear from all the Powers
before ordering Gen. Chaffee and the Amert-
can troops to return to Tientsin, The receipt
of a reply from any Power stating definitely
ite intention to withdraw from Pekin will re-
sult in immediate orders to Gen, Chaffee to
do likewise. This would mean a conclusion
of the difficulty at once so far as the United
States is concerned. But should the Powers
all support the proposition made by the United
States, Russia, would, of course, be informed,
and there would be some delay pending Rus-
sia's consideration of the responses of the
Powers, not only to her proposition but to
that of the United Btates. If, therefore, Rus-
sia and the other Powers should be brought
into line wifi the policy of the United States,
all the trgops will remain in Pekin pending
the return of the Chinese Government and
plans for a peace conference.

OUR COURSE IN CHINA,

 

United States Senator Scott on the Triumph
of American Diplomacy,

United States Senator Nathan B. Scott of
West Virginia remarked yesterday that the
attitude which the American Government had
assumed and kept throughout the Chinese
crisis made him more than ever proud of his
citizenship. The news from Europe was under
discussion at national headquarters and Mr,
Scott sald;

“The revelations of the past two days must
cause every true American heart to beat with
pride. Again has this country shown its ability
to take the lead in important diplomatic ne-
gotiations, and to more than hold its own with
the experienced diplomats of the European
Powers. It was the United States Govern-
ment’s note of last July which proved the
entering wedge into China and led direolly
to the rescue of the imperilled foreigners in
Pekin. And nowit is our Government which
is leading the way toward @ permanent peace

and honorable settlement of the whole difficulty.

The prominence of the United States in these

negotiations and its prospective success therein,

must raise our country immeasurably tn the

estimation and respect of the world. The pend-

ing settlement initiated at Washing ton provides
|
|

for the withdrawal of all troops from China,
the maintenance of the open door, the re@stab-
lishtnent of the Chinese Government, and the
redress of recent grievances and preservation
of all treaty rights. This {5 certainly a most
equitable
eredit on the head and heart of {ts framers
is hardly supposable that any of the Furopean
Powers, even Germany or England, can loug
hold out acainst it

“Another Important point brought out into
bold rellef by these recent diplomatic events
has relation to the question of Imperialism
From the first, the McKinley Administration
has shown cléarly that its poliey in regard to
China was as far as possible the reverse of im-
perialistic. Its purpose was elmply to protect
; our citizens fu China,and it has had absolutely no

designs on the partition of China or the acqul- |
And now |

in that ec
swers the how! about

sition of territory intry.
our Government again ar
} imperialism by definitely proposing to withdraw
all foreign troops from China and rehabilitating

the Chinese Government. There is certainly

not much imperialism or militarism in such a |

policy aa this,
RUSSIA

OUT OF THE CONCERT,

 

 

 

|
|
}
|
|
Germany to Saggest Thot the Crar Leave
Other Powers to Act as They Please.
Spectal Cable Despatchto THE SUN.
London, Sept 1,--A despatch to the Central
News from Berlin says that Baron von Buelow,
the German Foreign Minister, {s communi-
} cating with Lord Salisbury regarding the Rus-
| sian proposals, The German offictala believe
| that the English views coincide with the Ger-
; man Baron von Buelow is preparing a counter
proposal, It is understood that he sug@esia
that Russia be allowed a free hand to with-
draw from Pekin, but that she shall not in-
terfere with the policy of the other Powers,
|

 

THE CASTINE AT Amory.

Wil Protect Onr Interests Pending Investi-
gation of the Rioting There.

Wasminoton, Sept. 1.—The arrival of the

gunboat Castine at Amoy was reported to the |

Navy Department to-day. The Castine was

sent to Amoy to protect American interests
and to investigat» the conditions existing
there. During a riot in that city last. week,
@ Japaness tempie wae burned and tie foreign
Consula were apprehensive of further dis-
; turbances. The landing of a force of Japanese
' marines created some Jealousy among the
other Powers, but the Japanese Government
has announced its intention of withdrawing

terests is assured.
Shooting in a Row Over a Waterworks,

LEXINOTON, Ky., Sept. 1.—In a personal con-
troversy over the municipal ownership of the
waterworks plant at Richmond this afternoon,
Cc. FE. Woeds, formerly editor of the Climaz,
shot a d fatally wo inded Judge French Tipton.
Woods resigned as editor of the newspaper be-
caus’ he Was not allowed to keep upa fight
on the waterworks company. Tipton has
gured in many of the Masison county feuds,
The bullet entered Tipion’s abdomen. Tipton
first struck Woods fron: behind.

Wires Down Hetween Shanghal and Chefeo,

The Western Union Telegr.ph Company an-
nounces that there is a temporary interruption
of service on the land lines between Shanghai

and Chefoo, cutting off communication with
Pekin by that route, lmmersion of the new
Shanghui-Chefoo cable was begun yesterday,

 

On beautiful Hudson River to-day; steamer City of
Lowell makes final trip of season; see adv. —Adr

 

Niagara Falls ani Retaron 38,
Tickets a. Lackawanna oMces Sept. lands Good
for return to Sent. 5. Aan

 

 

EW YORK, SUNDAY, §

yrogramme, and it reflects inflaite }
t

them as soon as protection for Japanese in- |

| IMPATIENT WITHSALISBURY
| ENOLISHMEY DEWANDING OF HIM A
POLICY IN CHINA,

 

 

Distrust Among Them of Ruasta and Li Bong
Chang~Unwiliingsess to Have the Pewers
Withdraw From Pekin—America's Course
Latd to the Exigencies of Home Politics,

{
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Lonpon, Bept. 1-—Practically all precon-
ceived ideas of what might be expected to
happen as regards China in the immediate
future have been upset by the publication of
the Russo-American state papers No member
of the British Government has given the slight-
est hint as to what ls now likely to be England's
course. Not a single comment in the Govern-
ment press Dears the slightest trace of in-
spiration. In fact, there is aninsistent demand
from press and public for light and leading
from the ministry. The Liberal Daily News
angrily calls upon Lord Salisbury, “the recluse
of the Vosges,” to condescend to recollect the
existence of the people of England, while the
Spectator insists that the time has come for the
Government through the Premier to let the
country understand the main lines of its policy,
declaring that “the people are ready to follow
him if only he will tell them plainly and strongly
what is their true policy in China.”

Meanwhile, in the absence of any such lead,
Englishmen are confusedly formulating their
own ideas, everything indicating an acute
recrudescence of the spirit of Russophobia.
The anxiety of a week ago as regards the atti-
tude of Germany and Russia included the notion
that they might possibly codperate to forward
thetr own special aims, Now, apparently,
Russia after supporting the Kaiser over the
appointment of Count von Waldersee, is taking
a course calculated to stultify the German's
mission, unless Germany and Great Britain
cooperate to checkmate Russia,

Whatever may be the {dea of Lord Salisbury
and his Cabinet, there is at present litue doubt
as regards the opinion of the vast majority of
Englishmen, Their distrust both of Russia and
of Li Hung Chang is intense, while the idea of
abandoning Pekin before some sort of govern-
ment is established with which it will be possible
for the Powers to doal is generally repugnant.
Englishmen argue that Russia has instigated
the present step because she wants the Powers
out of Pekin and Li Hung Chang, who is her
creature, installed as plenipotentiary {n order
that she may be free to pursue her Manchurian
policy without interference. Russia’s pro-
testations that she has no design of territorial
acquisition and that she will withdraw from
Newchwang and other places when quiet is
restored find no credence. The Standard’s
Moscow correspondent early this week briefly

| put the general opinion held by the British
public when he said.

“It is becoming clear that Russia’s reénforce-
ments in the Far East have little to do with
the settlement of the Boxer trouble. Russia's
intention is to occupy in force the entire prov-
ince of Manchuria and practically annex the
country. For the present Russia upholds the
belief that the troubles in China are the work
of rebels only. When her troops are massed
on the spot and have been fully supplied, she
will either stand by this belief, if the new Gov-
ernment of China is ready to meet her views,

| or diseover another meaning for the uprising
and declare war on the country whose north-
ern provinces she is determined to have.”

With the United States’ aspirations for the
discovery of a solution insuring the perma-
nent safety, peace and Integrity of China,
coupled with the maintenance of treaty rights

| and equal trade, there is hearty agreement
here. England is strongly opposed to any-
thing like partition and keenly desires a Chi-
nese Government which will render such 4@
thing impossible, but does not belleve that
euch a Government is ob/ainable by evacuat-
ing Pekin and negotiating with Li Hung Chang
The latter course, it is iterated and reiterated,
could only be regarded as an evidence of weak-
ness and fear, letting in again the old regime,
| with @ probability amounting almost to a cer-
| tainty of a repetition of the preseat trouble
America’s action is now generally ascribed
to the political exigencies of the Presidential
| election, combined with an overtrust in the
| fulness of Russia's bona fides. At the same
| time it is pointed out that the Washington Gov-
| ernment is not yet fully committed to an ao-
| quiescence in the Russian proposition. There
| is a strong feeling here that it is desirable to
| wait for fuller information of events in Pekin
| before a definite policy is formulated. Beyond

ia more confused and bewildered than it has
been in any juncture so important in many
yeara This only lends additional gravity toa
' situation which from the outest, it Was foraseen,
must be fraught with danger to practically the
whole world The only reassuring view as yet
expressed is that the Russo-American  corre-
spondence will eventually prove merely an epi-
sode inthe diplomatic ame now begun, afford-
ing and forcing a commencement of the final
work of settlement wherein ail the Powers are
concerned to participate without the appear-
ance of being dictated to by this or that Govern-
| nent.

 

| POWERS’ ATTITUDE TO RUSSIA.

England Not Willing to Leave Pekin-—Italy
Proposes International Police.

Speetal Cable Despaiches (to THE SUN.

|
|
| LONvoN, Sept, 1.—The Russian Embassy has
submitted to the Foreign Office Russia's pro-
posal for the withdrawal of troops from Pekin,
From inquiries in official circles, the Central
News has been given to understand that until
the Powers receive some direct assurance
from the Chinese Government, England is not
prepared to wii hdraw her forees,
| RlomE, Sept. 1.—It Is oMcially denied that
| Italy opposes the establishment of peace in
; China under the terms proposed by Russia and
| approved by the United States
| ‘The Italan Government has sent a diplomatic
note to the Powers, proposing the organization
of an international police.
| COLOGNRK, Sept. 1 The Berlin correspondent
| of the Gazette, whose utterances are often
inspired, writes that it is unfair to contend
| that the concert of the Powers in China has
| been broken The proposal of the Russian
Government is now {receiving the considera-
| tion of the Powers, while negotiations are pro-
ceeding Ina friendly spirit
It will be the task of diplomacy to adjust
| differences. The opinion in Berlin, the writer
says, is that conditions are favorable to an
amloable settlement, aa no Power to-day would
lightly undertake a policy leading to serious
embroilments

EPTEMBER 2, 1900.—COPY

     
 

a
SSS Ss

a question the public mind throughout Europe |

Panis, Sept. 1.—The semi-oMficial presa recog- |

nizes the importance of France and the United
States pursuing an identical policy in China,
as both countries aro actuated solely by
unselfish motives

Bresci Will Not Appeal,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Rome, Sept. t.--It is understood that Bresci,
condemned to life servitude for the assassi na-
tion of King Humbert, will not appeal to the
Court of Cassation for a revision of his sentence,

 

Emperor and Empress at Thathanfoa,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Panis, Sept. 1A despatch from Shanghal
says that the Emperor and Empress are at
Thaihunfou, the capital of Shensl province.

 

New Automobile Service,

The “Royal Blue Line" (Baltimore & @hio R. R.)
' has established automobile service to and from all
' Royal Biue Line trains at Liberty at.—Ade. }

|
|
|

|

RIGHT. 1900,

 

NW

“BY HE

 

DIDN'T FLEECE MR. GATES,

 

The American Steel and Wire Man's Lawyer
Denies an Interesting Rumor,

John W, Gates of the American Steel and
Wire Company Wasa passenger on the Ham-
burg-American steamship Deutschland, which
arrived yesterday from Hamburg, Southamp-
ton and Cherb urg. He declined to talk to re-
porters about the business of the company or
politics, He said through a friend, however,
that it was not true that he was going to be a
candidate for the United States Senate from
lllinols or that he was going to take # promi-
nent partin the campaign.

A «story was printed that Mr, Gates bad been
ewindled out of $2,500 with marked cards by @
couple of gambling sharke while he was on his
way to Europe aboard the steamship Kaiser
Friedrich, and that the men when detected
admitted that they had robbed him, asked him
what he was going to do about it and were per-
mitted to land unmolested at Plymouth, Mr.
Gates is stopping at the Waldorf-Astoria, He
would pot talk last night, but his counsel, Max
Pam, eald that the gambling story was ab-
surd,

While on the other side Mr. Gates won a
plgeon shoot at Notting Hall under the auspices
of the Londun Gun Club. He also wona lot of
‘money, according to rumor, backing the mounts
of the American jockeys, Tod Sloan and the
Reiffs,

INJURED IN AN OFFICE CRUSH.

  

 

 

Twenty Persons Hart in a Railroad Ticket
Exchange in Chicago.

Curcaao, Bept, 1.-Twenty persona were
injured in astruggling crowd that forced its way
into the office of the jaint agency of the Central
Passenger Association at 258 Clark street, to-
day, Old soldiers were knocked down and
trampled upon, women fainted and small
children clinging to their mothers arms were
nearly suffocated, The plate glass window
in the front of the store was shattered, the fall-
ing glass injuring several persons on the pave-
ment,

The (ojured recetved care tn a neighbor-
ing drug store. A few were removed to the
hospital by the police, A detaU of police from
the Harrison street and Central stations arrived
upon the scene in time to prevent further die-
aster.

Nearly 10,000 visitors thronged Clark street,
awaiting a chance to get their tickets exchanged

so that they might leave for their homes on
afternoon trains. A fainting woman. started
a rush for the door wich caused the most
trouble.

ALARM OUT FOR ARTIST THORS,

 

 

Started for Rockaway to Meet His Wife, but
Never Got There—Heat Had Affected Him,
Samuel Thors, an artist, of 045 Park avenue,

has been missing since Aug. 20, and last night

the police were asked by his brother-in-law,

Charles Hardloper, to send out @ general alarm

for him. Mr. Thors had been spending the

summer inthis city. His wife and family stayed
at Rockaway Beach, On Aug. 19 he received

letter from his wife asking him to call for
fer and bring her and the family home, as she

ired of the seashore, Mr. Thors showed this
etter to his brother-in-law and started for
Rockaway Beach for his family. He did not
appear there, and after three days Mm. Thors
came to New York to see why her husband had
not answered her letter. Since then, the family
has searched through the hospitals for him
but has found no trace of him. Mr. Hardloper
says that for two days before Mr. Thors dis-
appeared he acted queerly and said that he
was greatly affected by the heat.

 

ARMY DESERTERS IN FRANCB,

Bounty Jampers and Other Absentee Soldiers
Numerous,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Paris, Sept. 1.—The French military au-
thorities are in a peculiar dilemma, which has
called attention to the prevalence of desertions
from the French Army. When it became nec-
essary to despatch troops to China an induce-
ment of a $40 bonus was offered to the reservists
Of those who respouded—and they were lesa
numerous than was hoped—200 pocketed the
bonus and disappeared. As they signed “for
the duration of the war" and no war was de-
clared, they caunot, even if arrested, be legally
accounted deserters and can only be prose-
cuted in the civil courts for fraud. At present
there are over 10,000 names of deserters on the
gendarmes’ blacklist, although the amnesty of
1898 pardoned all deserters surrendering them-
selves. Alroady 600 cesertions have been
recorded in 190. The Foreign Legion affords
the greatest proportion. The battalion de
spatched in April to Diego Suarez lost fifty-
one men, who jumped overboard and swam
ashore in the Suez Canal

THE PLAGUE IN GLASGOW,

 

Eighty-three Cases Now Under Observation
—New Quarantine House.

Special Codle Despatch to THER SUN,
Guascow, Sept. 1.-—-A new house has been
opened for the reception and observation of
persons from the bubonic plague district.
It already has forty inmates, making a total of

eighty-three cases under observation,
There are thirieen cases of the plague in the
hospital. The first patient affected is im-

proving. ae

It was said at the Health Department yes-
terday that no precautions out of the ordiaary

had been taken as a result of the outbreasiog i
8

of the plaguc in Glasgow, but that the officia
will observe all precautions to prevent the
disease from getting into this country through
this city. Dr Doty, the Health OMoer of the
Port, will have the codperation of the entire
tiealth Department.

PEOPLE OF AMOY PLEEING,

Fifty Thoosand of Them Bound Inland for
Feor of the Japanese,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Hona Kong, Sept. t.--Hundreda of refugees
from Amoy are arriving here. They declare

that 50,000 inhabitants of the place are fleeing |

inlind, being frightened by the prospects of
Japanese aggression

M. De Witte Vis'ts Russta's Dowager Empress,
Special Cable Deapaichto THE SUN,

COPENTAUEN, Sept. 1. -M de Witte, the Rus-
sian Minister of Pinanes, had an audience with
the Dowager Eropress of Russia at Frodensborg
yesterda’. Ile is on his way to Paris for the
purp. se of n gotiating © loan of 500,000,000
frances for the Russian Government,

 

Bourgeols to He Ambassador to Germany.

Special Cavle Despatch to Tur SUN,
Panis, Sept. 1 The Cri du Peuple announces
that the Duke d» Noailles, Ambassador of

France to Germany, will retire and that M.

Leon Bourgeois will succeed him.

Ninety Kiangs! Missionarltes Safe,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
LONDON, Sept 1.—The China Inland Mission
an’ ounces tha’ its miss onaries Who were sta-
tioned at Kiangs!, numbering ninety, have
arrived at Kinkiang. They are all well.

First Cavatry Arrives at Nagasaki,

WASHINGTON, Sept. 1. Col. Lebo, conimande
ing the First Cavalry, cabled the War Depart-
ment just night telling of his orrival at Naga-
saki with his regiment. He says:

“Band, fleld andstaff, First Cavalry, iwo
squadrons, ave arrived, Aug. 30. No casual-
thes occurred, Health of command excellent.”

By direction cf the Secretary of War the First
Cavalry will at once proceed lo Manila instead
of going to China,

 

The New York Central Announces

last trip of the “Saratoga Limited" from New York
Sepiember 4rd and from Saratoga September 4th;
other Saratoga trains will run as dow for the pres
eut. After September 3rd “The Albany Figer,"
leaving New York 3:39 1. BL, wil rup te and
from ‘roy via Albany.-Ads

 

OT TTT OT

 

| DR WILLIAMS SANDBAGGED

 

MAN WHO ATTACKED CHIEF DEVERY
GETS 17 IN THE JAW.

 

Declares That He Was Warned That He Would
Re ‘Done Up'’—He and His Friend Tepper
Both Attacked in the Street-He Lays It
to the Eamity of the Chief of Police.

Dr. Hamilton Williams, the Coroners’ phy-
siclan who recently attacked Chief Devery in a
bitter speech at the Pequod Club, called him a
bandit and accused him of corruption and
heinous crimes, called up Tu® SuN office on
the telephone at 9:30 o’clock last night and said:

“Just ten minutes ago | left my house at 248
West Fourteenth street, accompanied by my
friend, H. J. Tepper, who lives in the eame house
We walked toward Fighth avenue and had
got within eight or ten feet of the southeast
corner of Bighth avenue and Fourteenth street,
when two men stepped up behind us and swung
alung shots at us, One hit my friend, Mr.
Tepper, on the left side of the jew, knocking
him senseless to the sidewalk. The other hit
me in the right side of the Jaw. I was not
knocked down, but a tooth was broken

“As soon as the two men saw that! did not
fall, one of them cried ‘Céme, come, we must
get out of this.’ I was confused by the foroe of
the blow, and before Leven gota chance to see
what they looked like, the two men ran past me
and darted around the corner of Eighth
avenue and went south on the avenue. I
shouted for the polioe, but, of course there
was no policeman in sight. Several women
nearby screamed when they saw the assault
and a crowd gathered, My friend Tepper soon
regained consciousness, His Jaw was badly
swollen and the flesh on the Inside of the mouth
was severely out. He was assisted to his room
and is now fn bed there. lle is not dangerously
hurt, but that is due only to luck, for lam
convinced tbat the rufflans who assaulted us,
aimed at the temple, and had they hit us there
we would not have lived to tell the tale.”

Dr. Williams said further:

“The day after the primaries I was in the
office of Mr, John C. Sheehan, when aman who
is friendly to both of us came in. He said that
he was glad to see me and added that he had
come to warn me that I was to be doneup. I
retorted that such talk was all bosh, but he re-
called the way in whick I had attacked Chief
Devery, and added; ‘The other day I
heard two men belonging to the CGoodwin-
Smith faction talking and one of them said that
Tommy Smith had told him that, as Chief
Devery could not afford personally to do Wil-
liams up, he was going to have his brother Andy
Devery and Wardman Grady lay for Wiliams
some night as he left his house and put
him out of business. I laughed and said that
it was only a bluff threat, but my friend
replied: ‘Don’t you believe it. Those two men
did not know that I could hear what they were
sayiog, and even if they had known it, they did
not know that 1 wasafriendof either yours or
Mr. Sheehan's and would come here to warn
you.’ Sul, I paid no attention to the warning
and did not think of it again until | was a%-
saulted to-night.

“Now, let me tell you one thing. I donot know
who assaulted me, but I am going to get my
friend and I am going to find out who it was
that he overheard talking, and if I can push
this matter home to anybody, It ls going to

be taken before the Grand Jury and
there will be trouble for somebody, no
matter how the Chief of Police may

act. I am also going to make an official com-
plaint about the matter to Chie! of Police
Dovery that ought to be Interesting reading.
There ts one thing more that I will say. I have
a perinit tocarry a revolver and hereafter I
will carry one. Any man that assaults me in
the future had Letter kil! me before T can get
that gun out of my pocket or I will fillhim full
of lead.”

The “Tommy Smith” referred to by Dr.
Williams is Thomas J. Smith, the private secre-
tary of Richard Croker and one of the leaders
of the Smith-Goodwin faction of
in the Ninth Assembly district that last week
defeated John C. Sheehan for the leadership
of the district Mr. Smith was in Staten Island
yesterday. Mr. Goodwin was seen at the
Horatio Seymour Club on Fighth avenue
near Tweuty-fifth street.

“I will venture to say.” said Mr, Goodwin.
“that Mr. Smith never made any such state
ment in his life. [le couldn't afford to make
it. even if it were true. I will stake my life on
it that Smith had nothing to do with the affray
I never heard of this man Tepper, and 1 know
that he has pot been mixed up in politics in
this district. he fact that he, an tnnocent
man, suffered along with Dr Williains, shows
that there was nothing political in the quarrel

Mr. Smith returned to the city later in the
evening to attend to some { olitical work and he
heard of Dr Williams's sta‘ement
Tur SUN office on the telerhone and said

“That whole yarn isalie from beginning to
end—at lesetas fares my name is connected
with the case. In the first place, if ] had even
heard that such a move was anticipated, I
would have prevented it. In the second place,
Willamsis more valuable to us unassaulted
than he {#4 assauited, beacause he is a
vote getter for us, He has such a vile
tongue that every time he opens his mouth he
makes votesforus. Inthe third place, some
of the men inthe Ninth were going to rotten-
egg Williams for what he said and Mr. Good-
win andl, as soon as we heard of it, put

astop to it as we do not believe in that
kind of polidics, I bave no doubt that
the whole statement emanaies from John

C, Sheehan, for it is a favorite triok of his
when beaten to call his opponents thugs and
crooks, I want you to make it just as em-
phaticas you can ‘hat [never heard any such
rumor, and certainly never made any such
statement.”

Dr. Williams said last night that Mr.
Tepper worked for a big contracting firm and
that he was sure that Mr. Tepper had no ene-
mies tle added that he believed that Mr
Tepper had been ossaulted also because the
assailants hod mistaken Tepper for Dr. Wil-
liams’s son

Dr. Wiliams called up Police Headquarters
later and told the night sergeant of the assault
He left the message for Devery that “it is up to
him to find who the assailants were unless he
wants to lose his Job.” The night sergeant at
Police Headquarters notified the Charles street
station, and Detective MoVey was sent up to
Fourteenth street to investigate the complaint,

Roun.sman Grady was sented at Devery's
Four Cornera when he was found by a reporter,

“In Chief Devery around?" asked the re-
porter

“He's down at Rockaway Beach with his fame
ily,” replied Grady.

“Did vou hear about the
Will.ame?'' asked the reporter,

“What Williams?” was the reply

“Dr. Williams, the Coroners’ physician who
attacked Devery recently in speeches,” replied
the reporter and he then gave a description of
the assault

“That fellow's nutty,” sald) Roundsman
Grady “Why, it's ridiculous to say that such
an assault could occur on such a crowded core
ner This isthe first I have heard of itand Jam
sure that 1 had nothing to do with it. Why,
even if 1 was laying for him, neither I nor my
friends would talk about it ahead of time and
aive the snap away. 1 don't believe there was
any assault.”

Latest Marine Intelligence,
Arrived: Ss Ithaka, Havana, Aug. 25.

assoult on

 

 

On a Water evel
from centr of New York to center of Chicago and all
the way in sight ota river or lake
York Cenitah—Ade

     

fift
! Mr. Cole's first fai

Democrats | 182 about 100 feet, she landed in the top of a

| with severe bruises,

He called up |

| ened

 

 

| beatbutno harawas done and

 

_- . carne © .
cage oem Rag a He er ee ts : 2 > i -
‘
‘
pn en
\
oe

Fair to-day; possibly thunderstorms to-morrow.

 

PAGES,

ON. —TWENTY-EIGHT

BIG BETS ASCRIBED TO CROKER,

 

There's Money in the Game Whichever Way
the Election Goes,

There was a great deal of talk in the Murphy
Democratic headquarters yesterday about elec-
tion bets, Mr, Croker refused to say anything
about a report that it was his $20,000 which Hell
& Co, bet on Friday on Bryan against $50,000
put up by Louis Wormser, who took the McKin-
ley end, or about a further report that he has
$50,000 up on Bryan ataimilarodds, Mr, Murphy
sald that he did not know definitely whether
Mr, Croker had made the $20,000 bet or not, but
that he thought it quite probable because Mr,
Croker frequently baeked his political Judg-
ment with cash,

Mr, Murphy raid that he expected to see the
bettingeven withinashorttime, It was pointed
out yesterday that if bets were made at 2) to 1,
now the person who took the Bryan end could
bet on McKinley when the odds reached 1% tot
or even if the betting came to that, and make
money whichever way the election went, In
national campaigns the odds fluctuate a great
deal and toward the close of the campaign they
become more nearly even than they are inthe
beginning.

BRYAN, THE PROPHET,

Prediction of Woe That He Made in 1806 if
McKinley Should Be Blected,

TorrKa, Kan., Sept. 1.—Two hundred local
Republican papers in Kansas this week print
in their editorial columns under the heading:
“His Prophecy,” this statement made by Wil-
am J. Bryan in 1806; 4

“If McKinley and the Republican party are
successful and put in power for the next four
years, wages will be decreased, hard times
will come upon us and over the land the price
of wheat will go down and the price of gold
will go up mortgages on our homes will be
foreclosed by the money lenders; shops and
factories will close. We will export no goods
and we wil! import from foreign lands all the
goods we use; thus will ruin, want and misery
be with us.”

The farmers of Kansas who have prospered
beyond their fondest hopes are asked either to
verify or contradict this prophecy.

 

THIRTY STORIES HIGH.

Fnormoas Baliding to Be Pat Up at Thirty-
third Street and Broadway.

The office building which the Aitna Real
Fatate Company purposes to erect on the south-
east corner of Broadway and Thirty-third
street, according to the plans drawn by Archi-
tect Hugh Lamb, will be the tallest structure
of its kind in the wor’', and will cost with the
land about $2,500,000, it will have an elevation
of thirty stories, ars will cover asite 100 by 100
feet. Cold air ana foe water will be supplied
inevery office from a conmmon refrigerator
plant, and water will be drawn from au artesian
well,

The work of construction, it is said, will begin
next May, when existing leases affecting the
site expire The improvement has been under
consideration a long time, and has caused
much speculation among real estate men, as
it will be a new venture in an untried neigh-
borhood.

1000 FEET DOWN A

 

FELL SLOPE

Peeuliar Mountato Accident te a Man and
Weman ita California.

CRESCENT City, Cal., Sept. 1.—Mr. and Mra.
L. Cole, of Redding. were brought to this city
yesterday, the woman in a critical condition,
as the result of an accident that happened on
the eoasct wagon road in Curry county, Ore
The pair were returning from a@ visit at Gold
Beach when, on a grade cut in an almost perpen-
dicular mountain slove. the roadbed gave way.
and the wagon, occupants and team, this last
consistng of horse and mule, were precipi-

tated) The woman fell to the ocean beach,

about 1,000 feet below, and the wagon and team

with Mr. Cole to lodgement against a tree some
feet under the grade

clear of all obstructions,

myrtie tree, thence tumbled, unconscions,
the remaining #0 feet to the beach over the
ragged surface of rock, Mr. Cole escaped
The mule was unhurt

BLOWN THROUGH THE

 

Rroor,

 

 

Engineer Badly Burned in Explosion at Som-
erset County Clab.

SOMERVILLE, N. J, Sept 1.—A gasolene tank

exploded this afternoon in the electric light

plant of the Somerville County Club at Fin-
derne, two miles from here. The bullding was
wrecked and Engineer Major was biown

through the roof. As he fell back another tank
of gasolene exploded He was again blown ou
of the building and landed in a field near by
He was badly burned about the arms and bouy,
but the coctors fay he may recover
The plant caught fire from the burning gaso-
leneand the ble Finderne hotel, which was with-
in 100 feet of the burning building, was Lhreat-
The flames were extinguishes, however,
before they reached the hotel

   

TUG AND FLOAT COLLIDE,

Chickasaw'’s Rall Stove In and Her Wheel-
house Carried Away,

 

 

The Government tug Chickasaw, In come
mand of Capt. Hanley, was in collision witha

 

car float off the Battery shortly beore 4 o'clock |

yesterday afternoon, The Chickasaw was
rounding the Battery on her way to the navy
yard when the float s'ruck her on the port bow
and stove in the rail and carriod away the
wheelhouse. One of the crew, believing that
the vessel would sink, made a jump for the
water, but landed on a passiog Letter, The
damuce to the tug is estimated at $200, She
will be repatred within @ week No person was
injured and the tug was towed to the navy
ya din Brooklyn by another tugboat. The car
float escaped without damage

 

WOMEN RESCUER AN OLD MAN,

Mrs, Meyer and Mrs, King Ran Into a Barn-
ing House and Carry Him Oat,

New Beunswicn, N. d., Sept. 1.—A easolene
stove exploded at noon to-day inthe house in

Bound Brook occupied by Joho Toubler, a
veteran of the Civiland Mexican wars. Toubier,
who is 00 years od, Was alone, He isso afflicied

with th umatism that he can barely move, He
shouted for help, and Mrs, Meyer and Mra
King, nel@hbors, ran to the house and, at ereat
rsk, carried the oid man out totheiawn, He
was not injured

SCARE ON THE SIRIUS,

Valve of One of the Botlers Blows Oat While
Off Norton's Peint,

The iron steamboat Sirius carried the mem-
bers cf the Amicitia Cl bef Staten Is'and and
their friends to Coney Is and last night. Asshe
wus rounding Norton's Point avalveo one of
her boilers biew out. Tiere was a *care on the
t 4 she reacied
her pier at Coney Igland in safety, The Staten
lxlanders, however, retused to co back to their
homeson the steamboat and went to New York
on trolley cars, Whence they took the ferry to
Staten Island,

 

Diamond Shoals Lightship on Daty Again,

Norrouk, Va, Sept. 1.— Diamond Shoals
Lightship No. 6@sieamed past Cape Henry at
nightfall to resume her station of Cape
Hatteras. She guards the most dangerous
spot on the Atlantic coast. She has under-
#one extensive repairs «ince «le waa in the
frigitful storm a year ago. She parted her
great chains and despite her eteam power was
yiown high and dry upon the beach. She
has been here a week taking on the large
supply of stores and fuel she must carry, be-
cause in time of storin weeks may elapse
durine which no vessel may safely approach
her side.

Carl WH, Schalte'’s Carbonated Waters are the

 

if you wke tae New | any pure “nd correct mineral watts manufactured,
-_

'
’

iene

 

a ——— oe

PRICE FIVE CENTS.
WOODRUFF SEES PLATT,

THE TWO CLOSETED IN MR. PLATI'S
COTTAGE IN SARATOGA,

 

 

 

A Renomipation for Licatenant-Governor Is
Offered to Mr. Woodraff, but Me Decides
Not to Give His Final Answer Until Mon-
day~His Friends Advise Him Not to Ac-
cept—Odell Will Be Nominated for Governer,

Banatooa, Sept. 1 —~There isa fine colony of
Republicans jn this beautiful village to-night.
Itis cool and delightful, and the Republicans
already on the field tell of the rousing conven-
Uon they are to hold on ‘luesday, whea
@ full list of State offlcers ip to be
nominated, Senator Platt, accompanied by
hia sons, Frank and Harry, arrived at
sundown On the same train were
National Commiteemen Fred. 8. Gibbs, ex-
Judge Job BE. Hedges and ex-Police Comnaile-
sioner Thomas Hamilton. Chairman Odell of
the Republican State Committee, accompanted
by Capt. Joseph M. Dickey, Senator Goodsell and
other friends, came up from Newburgh and
were here just about the time that Senator Platt
put in an appearance, Col. Michael J Dady,
Gen. Wiliam C. Wallace and other Brook-
lynites were on the ground, and they were
Joined by ex-Congreseman Lemuel Ely Outge.
Col, Dady has no hesitation in deciariug in
fourteen different dialects that Lieut.-Goy,
Timothy L. Woodruff is to be nominated for
Governor. Mr. Woodruff arrived here shortly
@iter dark, Other well-known Republicans in
the gathering to-night are: Senator Hobart
Krum, Senator Horace White, Edward Lauter-
bach, Dwight Lawrence, Col, Archie K Baxter,
Herman O. Armour and George W. Dunn

From the first moment of Senator Platt's
arrival nothing has been talked about except
the second place on the State ticket. Senator
Platt and all of his friends say there is no
change in the candidate for Governor and that
Odell! is the man, This, of course, is not in
accordance with the views of Col. Dady,
who {) an ardent adherent of Mr. Woodruff,
and who believes that Mr, Woodruff should be
nominated. According to Mr. Woodruff's
friends he was led to believe that he was to be
he candidate for Governor, and up to that time
thad no thought of becoming the candidate for
first place on the ticket. However this may
be, Mr. Odell, in response to the universal
dem nd of the Republicans of the State
and their sound movey allies, finally consented
to be the candidate, and nothing but his death
or absolute refusal will change the situ-
ation, As THE SUN pointed out nearly
a week ago, there was a disposition on the
part of Senator Pilati to offer to Mr. Woodruff
arenomination for Lieutenant-Governor, This
would bea third nomination for Mr. Wood-
ruff. Immediately after dinner to-night Mr.
Woodruff had a talk with Col. Dady and Mr.
Quigg. Senator Platt was in his cottage chat-
ting with Mr. Odell and Frank and Harry
Platt and Mr. Armour. After some mo-
ments Frank Piatt left the cottage
and = returned with Mr. Woodruff A
few moments later in strofied Mr. Quigg,
There was a menerel chat over a rough
draft of the platform to bo adopted by
the convention, and afier that Mr. Odell,
Mr. Quigg and all hands left Mg
Platt'’s, leaving the senior Republican
Senator for the State closeted with Mr.
Woodruff. It was a heart-to-heart talk,

The recent events were gone over wherein
Mr. Woodruff gained the impression that he
Was to be the candidate for Goveruor. Senator
Platt expressed his belef to Mr. Woodruff
that he (Woodru™ should be content with
a renomination for Lieutenant-Governor,
and inasmuch as this would be a
third nomination for that exalted office,
Mr, Woodruff should feel highly honored, Mr.
Platt and Mr, Woodruff did not wind up their
talk untilnearly midnight. Then Mr. Woodruff
said that he had nothing whatever to say for
Publication. It is known, though, that Mr.
Woodruff decided not to give hia final answer us
to whether he would accept a renomination for
L cutenant-Governor until Monday. He de-
sires to consult with the entire delegation from
Kings county.

George E. Waldo, one of Mr» Woodruff's
c' osest friends in Kings, said thatif Mr. Wood-
raff accepted Mr. Piati's offer tu-night he would
pack up and leave for home. Mr. Woodruff’s
friends in Brooklyn are about evenly dividea in
their opinions as to whether he should accept a

renomination for Lieutenant-Governor, One
contingent jig strongly opposed to any such
programme, and it may be said that Mr,
Quiag has especially advised Mr Woodruff
not to again secept a renomination, Io
the opinion of Mr. Quigg, Mr. Woodruff's
political future would he injured if

he acy uiese*s in the proposition made to him
toseni cht. Other friends of Mr. Woodruff go a
step further, and have advised him to demand
first place and take that or nothing. Their ad-
v.ce and arwuments are based on these Jines;

“You, Mr. Woodruff, were ied to believe that
you were to be the candidate for Governor; you
should insist upon Uiat promise being kept, and
if itis not kept, you should not accept second
place.”

These friends of Mr. Woodruff's have pointed
out to him, also, that he was a candidate for
Vice-President of the United States, and at
Philadelphia received the support in caucus
of the enUre New York State delegation
for that nomination, It is true that Mr,
Woodruff's name was not mentioned in the
convention, but for all that he recefved the
signal honor of the united caucus indorsement
of his candidacy; and it is upon that ground, as
well as the later fact that Le has been
a candidate for Governor, Uthat his friends
advise Lim that he should pot again be a candi-
date for Lieutenant-Governor. ‘They go on to
point out to Mr. Woodruff that a United States
Senator to succeed Mr. Platt is to be elected in
i903, and, furtherinore, that there is a posslbil-
ity that could be nominated = for
Governor in 1902, and so they have asked Mp.
Woodruff to wait and bide his time. It should
te said that the vast majority of Mr.
Woodruff's friends here to-night say they do
not belleve his name will be treaented ia
the convention asa candidate for Governor,
and very few of his friends in Brooklynad-
vise him to accept a renomination for Lieuien-
ant-Governor. Still, no decision has been
reached, and none is likely to be reached until
the entire Kings county delegation is on the
Bj) ot.

he

Very many Republicans here believe that
either Senator Horace White of Syracuse or
Senator Nevada N, Stranahan of Oswego should
be nominated for Lieutentant-Governor, They
point out the capabilities of these two ex-
cellent young Hepublicans and they hope
with all their hearts thata way can be found
by which either could be nominated. Onthe
other hand a number of Republicans bere be-
lieve that if Mr Woodruff eventually de-
clines to be the candidate for 1, eutenant-
Governor, the nomiuation on geographical lines
b longs to Greater New York, and ¥ etrong

undercurrent ha, set in in certain quar-
ters to-night toward naming Gen Wil-
Ham ©, Wallace of Brooklyn. Gen Wallice was

a member of Gov, Morton's miliary staff,
He is a wellk-nown lawyer, with offices in New
York city, and for many years Was the law part
ner of Supreme Court Justice W. W. Goodrich,
Gen. Wallace, his friends said, is a fine orator
anda sturdy and upright Republican

Comp’ roller Wiliam J. Morgan and Attorney-
General John U. Davies are here looking serene

on L. L Sow

 

—

A fascinating all water tri ow

days and Labor Day; sec ady, steamed
Chapia.~4 V

—
ae