————S
VO!. LXVIL—NO, 136.

0 LIGHT ON BULLER’S PLAN

 

ONLY SPECULATION AS TO HIS MOTR
10 FLANK THK BOERS,

 

Frenoh Occupies @ Good Position Near
Colosberg and Col. Pilcher Makes a
Reconnolssance From the Modder River
camp Into the Orange Free State—
The Attacks on the British Ministry,

Specval Cable DeapatcA to Tum Sun,

Lownos, Jan, 13,.-When for a moment at
the beginning of the week the curtain over
+h African affairs was raised the scene pre-

De °
seuted tothe anxious gare of the English people
quused something resembling stupefaction

and scarcely any one hoped that Ladysmith
ould survive another twenty-four hours, But
at the last moment bayonets, wielded with the
courage of desperation, saved the situation
and, appareu'ly, the Boers have not yet recov-
ered their eppetite for further assault,

The political effect on England was visible
instantly. The irresponsible journals had for
some days been seeking an official scapegoat,
but pow the regular Government supporters,
the Dimes, Standard, Postand Telegraph turned
angry on the Ministry, In three public
speeches Mr, Maifour replied briefly,

jis defence amounted to a denial that the
Government was responsible for any of the
mishaps in South Africa, and in vindication of
the War Uflce ho made the assertion that it
was utterly impossible forthe Government to
acts rthan it did as public opinion had
pot been unanimous in support of warlike
preparations and “unanimity is worth many
army corps.’ It was fortunate that Colonial
secretary Cham beriain was kept quiet on this
ovcusion for even Mr. Balfour, the most popu-
lar statesman !n Great Britain, was accused of
eynieism, frivolity and an open confession that
the Government was afraid to take the lead.
fome eratwhila supporters even clamored for
his removal, but the natural reaction has al-
ready set io, Ly summoning Parliament
definitely for Jan, 30 the Government has
shown that they are willing to face
the music. Quieter counsels, reminding
the public of the folly of swapping horses while
crossing @ stream, are making themselves
heard, and it is extremely improbable that a
yore of censure can be passed, The Times has
cooled off in its attacks, dut still complaina of
the folly ofthe first message to the colonies
that unmounted men were preferred. Asa
matter of fact Gen, Buller, acting as Com-
mander-in-Chief then, vetoed the acceptance of
the Colonial mounted men, It will probably be
found, if the whole truth comes out, that Gen,
Buller {s responsible for much that has hith-
erto been charged against the Cabinet.

As regards the actual war meanwhile the fact
that Bullerts at Springfleld ts the only news
from the front. The onteome and methods of

& - .

  

   

  
  

NEW Yo@K,°SI

N

——

tothe ownership before thevfions {9

KE, naw dn

roles a

released.

The Dutch Minister had a
Ambassador Choate this afternoon
to the Dutch steamer Maria.

Bertiy, Jan, 13.—Foreign Minister You
low will anawer the interpollations r
the selzure of the steamship Bundeera
the Reichstag on Jan. 19. It is annuuneed,
offivially, that the negotiations between (
Britain and Germany in regard to the seiz
of German vessels are progressing satiate
torily.

Lorenzo Manyves, Jan, 13.-The German
cruiser Schwalbe has arrived here,

Wasuinoton, Jan, 13,—Tho State Depart-

ment has been informed that the Americans} district, Queena, to tho Seventh district, Brook.

goods on the Dutch steamer Maria detained by
the British Government on suspioion that they
were destined forthe Boer army, have been re-
lensed and are now at Delagoa Bay.

No information about the case of the British
steamer Beatrice has been received. The ques-
tion has been raised that the goods on this
vessel are not owned by Amerloan citizens,
their transfer to foreign subjects at Delagoa
Bay having been made, it is alleged, prior to
the seizure. The State Department is now
engaged in endeavoring to effect an under-
standing as tothe ownersh!p of all the goods
detained. The consignors and the consiguees
will agree as to ownership andthe claims for
damages will then be presented.

It has been customary for the British prize
courts to pay 10 per cent. over and above the
value of property seized and the losses caused
to the owners by the ee /zure, and it issupposed
that this rule will bo followed fn the matter of
American goods on the Mashona, the Maria
and the Beatrice. As the understanding as to
ownership will be arranged by mail, consider-
able time must elapse before the question of
compengation is settled

ON THE

Enemy Makes an Unsuccessful Effort to
Dislodse Him From the Position,

FRENCH BOERS FLANK,

Special Cable Despatches to Tur Sv,

Rensspura, Cape Colony, Jan. 13.—A atrong
British force has advanced and encamped on
the enemy’s east flank, The Boers made an
unsuccessful effort to take the position,

Cape Town, Jan. .—-A despatch to the
Cape Times from Rensburg dated yesterday
says: “The following are the detaila of the
disaster to the Suffolk Regiment: Two compa-

 

DAY,

}

     
   
    
 
 

 

 

nies had reached the summit of the hill when |

Lieut.-Col, Watson addressed the men and or-
dered a bayonet charge, When tha British
were within twenty yards of the enemy's en-
trenchments the Loers fired, Lieut.-Col, Wat-
6on fell, shot through the head. His adjutant

| also fell, but the men continued the charge,

|
|
|

his operations are completely matters of apec- |

ulation, but on the former depends his reputa-
tion. There {sno news of the other columna,
It (s perslatently atated and universally bellev-
eithat Gen. Methuen has on!y nominally com-
manded hie division gince the Magersfontein

fight because his mental balance was upset by |

the strain. His family history, using the
phrase in a medical senas, lends only too much
probability to the truth of this report.

The Portuguese Minister called by appotnt-
ment at the Foreign Offive last Saturday and
sinoe then Portugal! has declared her intention
of being more careful in the observation of the
duties of a neutral at Delagoa Bay. Almost
he entire personne! of the Administration at
orenzo Marques will probably be changed
shortly.

Yhere {ts considerable irritation here over
Holland's attitude, which may result in the
Yoreign Office making another “appoint.
ment.” The young Queen is intensely pro-
oer, and has written to the Pope, the
Katser and the King of Italy, begging them to
take the diplomatie initiative “to stop this
crue! fratricidal war.” She haa also shown
marks of favor to Dr, Leyds, the Transvaal
representative, who with his agents has
bought and shipped munitions of war and en-
listed offlcers without hindrance since the war
commenced,

(feontrabanl of war should be found on any

vessels of the German Fast African line it can |

certainly be shown that itis there without the

 

} are known as

| Artillery,

| Meantime, the Boers crept around and sur-

rounded the men, who, seeing resistance was
hope'ess, surrendered

“The Koers treated the wounded well, They
assisted in burying the dead and sang psalme
overthe graves. They refused to return the
wounded except two who were seriously hurt.

“On Sunday, a syuadron of the Rifle Guarde
reconnoitred on the extreme left and un-
masked two new guns near Achertang, Visit-
ors to the camp atate that the Boer trenches
ure surrounded by wire fences.”

Forty Boer prisoners taken at Douglas have
arrived here. They are of the lowest type of
burghers and are principally squatters, who
“poor whites,”

Owing to the escape of some’ prisoners from
Simon's Town, all communication with th
prison ship Mana has been stopped.

Lonpoy, Jan. 14.—-Lloyd’s Weekly Newspaper

1 The

| Commis

prints the following despatch dated Balmont, |

Cave Colony, Jan, 10
“Col, Pilcher with 400 Canadians and
Queenslandera and a battery of Roya! Horas
made a reconnojssance yesterday
and advanced ten miles into the Free State,
“They sighted a patrol of the enemy at Kars

rie'tagte, The Boers fled, abandoning their

| rifles and ammunition.”

|
|
|

|

 

knowledge and sanction of the company, as
the President points out that the owners have |
toomuchtorisk in such business. They are
handsomely subsidized by four Governments,
the German, Portuguese, Netherlands and |
Italian, for carrying the mails and all mail |
contracts would be void if one of thetr ships |
was convicted of ilega! actions, |

I) kurope England’s only real friend ia [taly |
fod she is proving a friend in need, From the
‘rst the Italian Government has put every
facuityat the disposal of the British offleers
engaged in buying mules and other things,

hile s ly enforcing the neutrality prineiple
ega.natthe Boor agents, More ver, according
toa home correspondent, when it was made |
known thatthe Creusot Company had refused |
toseil guns to England on any terms, word was
Wired to London from Rome that the famous
It nh goomakers, the Actierles Company,
fortunately had ready for shipment a battery
©! big quick-flrers, in every respect the equal of
the breneh weapon, A bargain was struck
frtiwith, sod there is good reasen to believe
t he Taian guns are being shipped from
‘ 4 lay. Dr Leyds, the special Trans-
Yaa envoy to Burope, more than suspected the
Tian good faith and sent a written protest to
Rome, No notice was taken of it beyond a
! V Acknowledgment of its arrival.

[he reportthat Russia and France have ad-
Crossed representations to England respecting
Interference with private and official de-
#iitches over the eastern cables is entirely

Without foundation. It would have been strange

 

had they done ao, because nothing ts clearer
than tuat the international telegraph eonven-
tions donotapply in tine of war. Asa matter
of faet the British Government asserts that
{'s vodeniable rights have been exerefsed with
éXtreme moderation and the tenderest regard

eff

relgners. If auy Government should at-

to make a diMeulty it would be the eas-
Jest thing in the world for the British Admir-
&ity to give the hint, and within a few days the
eabie wou)! be accidentally eut in the neighe

tem]

borhood of Delagoa Bay. Before he left London
Gen. Buller suggested this very course, on the
ground that it wis evident that, in spite of the

Care exercised by military censors, the enemy
Waa getting valuable information. but the
G

vernment preferred to go on the principle of
& ving the amaliest provocation possible.

OWNERSHIP OF SEIZED VI OUR,

Great Britain Insiete on This Being Proved
Before Cargoes Are Released.

§

1a! Cable Despatch to Tur Sux

LON Jan. 13,-Ambaseador Choate is
Fic in communication with the British For-
. Kh OMcein regard tothe flour seizures. He
i ‘Wawalting the decision of Great Britain

! Sard to the ownership of the flour

Great
Britain insists

on ample evidence being pro-

Opening of the Florida Season,

t!

: ; ‘ y appointed “New York and Flor
‘ Sia Penna. aud uthern Ry., the
train inthe world, beg na service Janu-

vege Bho e New York daily exeept Sunday at
PY ' 1siiavle train for Aiken, Auwusta,
, ‘ie, St. Augustine and Florida
Westcoast, Connections for Nas
ect dining and  ompart
fat trains to Floridad .
aving New Yorkat 12:10
ew York Office Southern

   

   

 

   
 

Poland! Poland! Poland! Poland!

a ended by ewinent physicians for purity.

/

 

GEN, ROB: RTS'S PLANS,

If Buller Succeeds a General Advance Will
Re Made on Bloemfontein,

Special Cable Despite’ lo Tax Bun,
Lonpon, Jan, 14.—The Observer states {t un-

that if Gen. Buller {s successful at the Tugela
River there will be a general advance on

Bloemfontein.

It is said that Field Marshal Roberta's plan
includes a withdrawal_of part of the Modder
River force to Orange River

LONDON VOLUNTEERS START,

Great Crowd Gives the Troops an Enthusi-
astic Send Of,
Speetal Cable Derpatch to Tur Sr,

Lonnoy, Jan, 13.—The firat 500 London vol-
unteers started for South Africa this morning
and received an enthusiastic send off Despite
the early hour of the start--7 A. M.—the streets
were densely crowded with persons desirous
of saying farewell to the soldivrs.

Every grade of society was represented In
the crowds which thronged the streets along
the entire three miles of the ifne of march to
the railway station, There were not enough
oliea to keep the streets clear and the people
roke through the lines and caused an hour's
delay.

MAY COURT-MARTIAL HOFFMAN,

Member of the Cape Assembly Who Joined
the Boers a Prisoner at De Aar,
Special Cable DespatcA to Tur Sem,

Cape Town, Jan. 0.--It ls reported that Mr.
Hoffman, a member of the Cape Assembly,

who joined the Boers as a@ surgeon, ts @ pris-
oner ut De Aar and in all probability will be
oourt-martlaled.

BRITISH LOSSES,

Boer Report Says Six of the Suffolk Regt-
ment Were Killed Near Colesberg,
Special Cable Despatch tu Tag Sun.
Lonpon, Jan, 13.—The War Office has issued
& list received from tho Boer Commandants
at Pretoria and Bloemfontein, referring to the

casualties among the Lritish troons in the
fight near Colesberg on Jan. 6. This list
showa that.six men of the Suffolk Regi-

ment are dead and twenty-eight wounded,
The War OMlce adds one more name to
the list of those killed in the Neht at Maleking

on Dee, 26. Italso states that three of the
wounded have (tied since the battle,

HEAVY FIRING AT KIMBERLEY,
Cannonading Heard at the Modder Kiver
Camp on Wedneadsy,

Special Cable Dravatch 'o THe Sen
Mopper River, Jan. 10 | Delayed in trans-

mission.)—Heavy cannonading was heard in
the direction of Kimberley between 5 and 7
o'vlock this morning

Two British prisoners who arrive yesterday
report that they endured severe hardships
after escaping from the Bloemfontein jail
Their clothing was in rags When they arrived
here

To Form a Volunteer Fogineer Corps,
Special Cable Despatch to THe Sts,

Lonpon, Jon, 18.~The Army
provides forthe formation of a Volunteer En-

latest order

| point station

wineer Corps of 50U men tor service in South |

Africa,

Quick Service to Thomasville and Brons-
wick, Ga,

Via Penna, and Southern Ky., Ne
ida Limited, bewinning Jaunary 14th, Leave New
York daily except Sunday t2.40 P. M., arrives
Thomasville, Ga,, next day 4.10 PM. aad Brunswick
2.05 P.M. New York Uthee, 271 Broadway ~dde.

w York and [lor

 

 

; fluinimated by Pantach Light

a
The following transfers in the Police Depart-

DEVERY SHAKES UP FORCE,

PRICE SUNT 70 RUN THE BROOKLYN
DLTECTIVE BUREAU,

apt. Reynolds No Longer Chief Sleuth in
“\That Boroagh—Capt, Andrew Thomas
Goes to the Tenderloin luapectors Grant
and _Bhodes Shitt-Other Transfers,

ment were ordered by Chief Dovery yesterday,
to take effect at 8 o'vlock this morning:
Tnspector Donald Grant, from tho Eleventh

lyn.

Inspector George KR. Khodes, from the Sev-
enth tothe Eleventh district,

Sergeant Bernard Cole, trom command of
Atlanticavenue station, Brooklyn, to desk duty,

Capt. James B. Reynolds, from Detective
Bureau, Brooklyn, to Atlantic avenue,

Capt, James K, Price, from the Tenderlotn
preciuct to Detective Bureau, Brooklyn.

Capt. Audrew Thomas, from East Twenty-
second street to the Tenderloin.

Capt. John J, Donohue, from Fast Sixty-
seventh street to Last Twenty-second,

Capt. Stephon 8, Brown, from West 125th
street to Eas! Sixty-seventh street.

Capt, Henry Steinkamp, from West Sixty-
eighth street to West 125th.

Sergt. Prank Kear, West Sixty-eighth street,
to comman!

Acting Capt, Jacob Brown, from Madison
street to Grand Central Station,

Acting Capt, Samuel Hammond, from Grand
Central Station to Madison street,

Capt, Alexander J, Lees, from Vernon avenue,
Brooklyn, to Bastern Parkway, Brooklyn.

Capt, James Knnis, Eastern Parkway to
Ralph avenue, Brooklyn

Capt. Henry C. Velsor, from Ralph avenue to
Vernon avenue

Sergt. William Zwingman, from DeKalb
avenue, Brooklyn, to Miller avenue, Brooklyn,

Sergt. John F. Gardner, from Miller avenue
to DeKalb,

Sergt. Joseph A, Saul, from Union Market to
Eldridge street

Sergt. Cornelius @. Hays,
street to Sheepshead Bay 7

Sergt, Janes L, bitazputrick, from Sheeps-
head Bay to t LOdth street ,

Sergt, Charles PL Kelly, ft East 104th |
street to Union Market ;

Chief Devery had left Police Headquarters
before the changes were announved jast night,
and the reasons for them were a matter for
sp-cuiation throughout the department |

The dispiacement of con Jumes_ Keynolds
from the command o/ the Detective Bureau &
Police Headquarters {a Brooklyn had been
@olic. pated for sone time, It has been known
for nearly a year that Ohlef Devery was not
entirely satisfied with his work and his trans-
fer to regular preciiat duty would probanly
have taken place months ago had not President
York and Commissioner Abell been personally
friendly to him. He would also very like!
have been able to bold onin his old post ba
nottwoolt lis men allowed Swindier Miller of
the Franklin Syndicate to silp out of their
hands and escape, The severe condemnation
of the Brooklyn police authonties by the Kings

|

wpe aia aia easiat es ataanaasscamatie tates

Lidridge |

from

 

 

om

 

 

county Grand Jury forthe blunderigng manage:
mentof the whole cuse led (oa sifting investi.
gation by the Police Board, aud the shake-up
a the sequel,

The Fifty-seeond precinot, te which Capt,
Reynolds has been assigied, has long been
regarded as the least desirable in Brooklyn.
station at Atlantic and Schenectady
avenues is known as the “hoodoo” station,
and officers anit men have drended to be sent
there, dergt, Cole has been in command of
the precinet since the transfer of Capt. Collins
to the Seventy-seeond nearly a year ago.

Capt, Reynolds has been on the foree twenty.
aeven veare, Af
over ten
Was apt

‘r serving &8 @ patro!man for
years ¢ the Sixth avenue station he
inted @ precinet detective by Police
ioner James Jourdan, and some time
afterw wast sforredto the headquarters
equad, lie was detectiveesergeant In charge
of the squad before hs promotion to a cap-
tainey by the late Commissioner Welles, about
three years ago. It was by @ special act of
the Legislature, puesed in his lAtetcat that |
got installed as captain of the Detective |

|

 

 

 

 
   

Bureau and there was some talk last night
thathe moght probably contend in the courts
igainstt) > power ofthe Chief to tranfer him.
He has been classed all through his career, |

viy-Sehleren Mayoralty cam. |
, but he has never been
ve part in polities, He
has some tine detective work to his eredit, but
thia has not been so conspicuous since his pro»
motion, owing. his friends say,to the manner |
in which he waa hampered at head juarters, |
He was well liked by his men, aa was evi-

denced a lew months ago, when they gave him

except in the Hor
paign, aga Kem
known to take an a

  
 

 

 

  

   

 

\

derstands that Col, William G. Tuoker will | % !anquet ant a shrendid gold wecen, Tas |
‘ " men Were surprise: woen wey ear As

| succeed Gen. Methuen in command of | night that Capt. P was coming over to be |

the Kimberley relieving force It also , his successor, a8 they had been speculating on |

states that Gen, Giatacre will be re- eee eee ae Aca of tha Bevanth |
‘ ten tn MmMspector weOTL im shoages oO i ° 4

called and that a well-known Colonel of | disriet, who exchanges placea with Inspector

cavalry will be cashlered, The paper says | Donald Grant + { the Eleventh, is one of the

veterans of the department, having been In the
Tilce harness for over forty years, and more |
than half that time in command at the Green-
The Seventh district includes |
“Tenderloin” and four other
ts. The Eleventh, to which
ector Rhodes is transferred, covers all the
(Jie eMs borongh precincts, inspector Rhodes |
has been a Republican all hisltie, In spite of
his age and prolonged public service, he {s still
active and vigorous,

the Brooklyn
cowntown precth
ins

  

 

Capt. Lees, who goes from the Tompkins
avenie to the Eastern Park way station, a lese |
important post, ia. also a Republican. It was in |

his preefnet that Franklin syndicate Millercar-
ried on his “financial operations, Capt, Vel-
sor, Who goes from Halph avenae tothe Tomp-
king avenne station, isa Demoerat. Capt. En-
nis, Who has been shifted from the Kastern
Parkway statiorw back to Nisold post in Ralph
avenne, is Also a Democrat
Deputy Chief Mackeliar declined last night
to make any eomiments on the shake-up.
Capt. Reynolds expressed great astonishment
tui the news ofhis transfer. He said that Pres-
ident York had assured him, at a late hour in
the evening, that he had no knowle lye of it,
“As have notas yet heard officially of the
transfer,” he sald. “I can hardly believe, tn
view o! President York's statement, that it has
been made. Mr. York, it seems, would certain-
lyknow about it. If it is so, however, I wilt
joyfully accept the situation and goout tothe
Atlantic avenue station with the confidence
that, in spite of the so-called ‘hoodoo,’ I will
have more peace and quietness than T have
hat here. Any talk about my making a fight to
stay bere ia all nonsense, The only thing I
regret ia that T am going before Millerisin
custody. It was my intention to have requested
# transfer just as soon as Miller had been cap-
tured, for captured he will be some day.”
Capt. Price was not very communicative
About his view of his new assignment last
night. He said that pollee duty was like a
soldier's duty to him; he would go where he
was ordered and do the work he was toldto do
there.
“Totell the honest truth,” he said, “I don't
know where Detective Headquarters in Brook-
lyn is, but L suppose Lt ean tnd my way there
asking a policeman. If people want. to
know What my plans are, all T can say is that
T mean todo police duty and make my men do
ft. Idou'tknow whether I will ba ab eto take
anvyolmy men with me ornot, [wish Leould
take them all: there wos nevera better lot of
policemen in this city than are the men by |
whom this precinct is patrolled to-day.” {

 
 

 

 

 

Notwithstanding the Captain's anw jlingness |
to commit himsell asto his intentions with re.
gardtothe men who have done his detective |

work inthe Tenderloin, most of them think
thathe will tuke some of them to Brooklyn |
withhim. What bothers them is to find out
There wasailso |

 

 

 

 

who will go and who will stay.
much Uneasiness “among a large part of the
Tendertoin’s population as to the character. |
istics of Capt, Thomas, and there was much |
talk and inquiry as to his “liberality” and |
methods of “making new arrangements.” |
Among all the speculation and worrying,
though ne man movel quite untroubled
His name was Nelson, commonly called
“Rob.” Heenred no! that Price was classed
aoa Republicau, or that Thomas was @ stanch
Tammany man. His pulleomes froma higher |
source

Capt, Price male his last arrest Jn. the |
Tenderioin last night at  o'eloek William
MeMabon of “O98 Arthur avenue came down
to beat his wife, who isemoployed at 144 West |

Vhirtioth street He lured her into the vestl-
bile of a saloon at Thirtieth street and |
Saventh avenue and pounded her with his |

fista and kicked ber, The woman's eres for
belp were heard by Capt, Price, who was onthe
ste; a oof the station, and he ran to her aid

Vhe eaptain dragced MeMahon tothe station
with po gentle Nand, saying that be was bound
that his last Tenderloin job should be “done |
up brown,” |

 

Vast Time to Si, Louis. |

Leave centre of New York Citw—Grand Central |

Btation—t:00 Po OAL arcive St. Lowie 4:56 P.M. nese |

day New Yo: k Contra No exese fare, Tretae
tie

 

 

Poland! Poland! Poland! Poland! — |
Pure, Sparkilng, delicious, Telephowe 1yp Cort, |
Adv, ’

' Comm ssioner
| that Corporal

17 18 Now “vUuP To” DEVERY,

Police Board Weary of Shouldering Blame
for *Wide-Open"' Town,

Troubles are multiplying for the Police
Board and there are signs in Mulberry Street
that it may not forever bear them patiently.
Two weeks «ago the Babbath Observance
League protested agaiuet the Sunday shows,
especially theatrical performances that went
on unhindered in defiance of law, and the
board sent out orders to nave them stopped,
Then cane the East Side Reform Commitice
with its just grievances, and more orders went
out from Headquarters aftera long pow-wow
from which the Commissioners came away
strongly improxsed with the need of doing
something, Yesterday the Actors’ Chureh Al-
liance came up tothe attack. The alliance is
an organization of clergymen and actors, with
Bishop Potter as its President, whose special
object is to stop Sunday performances in thea-
tres, The Secretary, the Rey, Walter E. Bent-
ley, wrote to President York that the Sunday

Jaw was “constantly violated” at the Dewey
Theatre, Koster & Bial's, Hurtig & Seamon’s
Weber & Fields’, Miner's in 125th street and
atthe Star Theatre. On behalf of the alliance,
ho requested “immediate action.”

The board referred the letter to the Chief, di-
rectiug his tmmediate attention to it, with the
request that he ‘report with the least possible
delay.” Having done that, it tol the chief
clerk tosend Mr. Bentley a cove of the resolu.
tions of Deo, 24. The resolutions commanded
area compllance” with the law in theatres
aud halls, Weekly reports sent in since by the
Chief have represented that the order was
carried cur tothe letter, The Commissioners,
in executive seasion, expressed a desire to
know how, if that were the case, there could
be cause forsuch complaint as Bishop Potter's
society made,

taken, the Chief or the Bishop's representative,

For ths reason, and for others, the Chief's
reports of to-day's doings will be scrutinized
With more than ordinary care in the Commis-
sioners’offiee, The absolute faith in exeon-
tive infali
ul per storiea of Heodquarters has been somes
what shaken by these repeated attacks, and
threata thatthe Commissioners would "see for
themselves" have beeninthe air. There have
been protracted interviews between the Chief
and the Cominissioners at which, it 1s {ntl-
mated, the former has been for the first time
putin the position of defending himself, and
even made iogive pledges for the future. The
board is content to waita reasonable time to
see them redeemed; butifthey are not, it is
disposed to “use other measures,” What these
measures may be can be inferred. As an old
etager in Mulberry street put it vesterday, “itis
upto the Chief" to show that he can remove
the causes of sueb frequent complaints, The
Commissioners are not disposed to shoulder
the blame for them indefnitely, with such
forees as are now in the fleld attacking them
daily in front, Mank and rear

 

FELIX) MOKRIS DEAD,

On the Stage for Thirty Years and Seven
Years With Rosina Vokes,

Felix Morris, one of the best known of char.
acteractors, diel yestorday of pneumonia at
his home, 42 Irving Place. On New Year's Day
while playing at Hyde & Bbhman’s theatre in
Brooklyn, he complained of a pain in his chest
and during the entire week he waa ill, but in-
sisted on filling bis contract and acting
throughout the week. On Wednesday last he
was forced totake tohis bed and yesterday
morning he died, His
were with him. The funeral will be to-morrow
from the All Souls’ Church, at 11:30 o'clock,

 

the Kev. Dr. Thomas R. Slicer and the
tev, Dr. Minot J. Savage oMeiating. The
interment will be at Albany

Felix Morris was born fiity years ago fo

Birkenhead, Pngland. His early youth was spent
in Jamaica, where his father was interested in
some plantations, andin the Island of Sieily.
He returned to England when about 17
and began to study medicine, but he showed

There wae evidence of a gome- |
What persistent desire to know which was mis- |

rife and two daughters |

ity which used to repose in the |

 

much greater aptitude for theatricals and was |

4 well-known amateur, He came to this coun-
try ayearor two inter and worked asa drug

   

clerk in Boston, but kept up his interest {n
| the stage work, and soon went to Albany,
where ho played his first engagement in

the company of John Albaugh, which had FE. L,
Davenport as the star. Later he supported
Junius Bratus Booth, Mrs. Agnes Booth and
Joseph Wheelock, Then he went on the road
with poorcompanies and little suecess le

joine! next the company of John T, Raymond |

and afterward was in the companies of Char-

|} lotte Crampton, Jane Coombs and Mrs. D. P
| bowers

After appearing inthe supporting company
of Adelaide N n he attempted to managea
theatre in Montreal, but lostevery cant he had.
Hecametoths city after the smash and ap-

 

  

peared in the companies of Mme, Modjeska
and Mary Anderson, Then he went with Lotta
and mada much of the success of “Mus®te,”
Then caine his appearances with the elder
Boueicault and following this came his
| greatest New York. hit, when he
appeared as the English reporter in
the production of * Michae! Strogoil” at Booth's
| Theatre, At the expiration of this run, he went

| to San Francisco where he was married to Misa

Florence Wood, who appeared iu the econpany |

of Augustin Daly. On his return to New York,
he joined A, M. Palmer's Union Square Theatre
company and made many hits, He dramatized
atthis time anovel named “Mona” for Helen
Dauvray, and he was also the author of a nume
ber of short plays

He returned to England and for mora than a

 

 

| yeurappeared asthe Scotchman in the play “On

’Change.” Thia was an exceptional runin those
days. Onhbisreturs to this country he appeared
with Kosina Vokes, first as Jeading man and
afterward a4 cosstar, After seven years the
Vokes company was broken up by Miss Vokes’a
reirement from the stage about three months
before her death. Morris and his wife tried
sturring in Misa Vokes's repertoire but were
hot very successful, After playing in vaude-
ville, at the continuous performance houses for
two years Morria became a memher of Daniel
Frohman's Lyceum Theatre stock company,
and was nominally a member of it up to the
time of hisdeath, The last show be appeared
in with that company was “Atthe White Horse
Tavern” Duing. bis contract with Mr
Frohman, he was atlowed to appear in the
continuous performance houses as a. star,
Ms Jast nppearance in Manhattan was at
Keith's Theatre tor the week of Dec. 4. Ha
leaves his wifeandtwo daughters fairly well
provided for

CANADA'S VOLUNTEERS,

 

Concentrating at Halifax and Will
Ready to Sail About Jan. 20,

Hanirax, N.8..Jan. 13.—The second Canadian
contingent is concentrating at Halifax as fast

asthe Militia Departwent can get the men to- |

Getherfrom the various points in the Domin-
fon where they have been enrolled. The eon-
tingent of 1.200 men will be ahout equally
divided between artillery and cavalry,
Detachments from Winnipeg and Regina ar-
rived to-day with their horses, bringing into
the city a force of LO cavalry. They were en-

rolled chiefly from the Royal Canadian Dra-
goonse! Winnipeg andthe Manitoba Dragoons
The firstare from the permanent fores Military

 

 

 

of Canada and the latter trom volunteer cay-
alry Twenty men. from the Northweat
Mountet Police, “Riders of the Plains.” from

Kegine, alao arrived

Karly next week, 300 cavalry from Ontario
and western points will arrive and the artillery
Willalsoenterthe city” Enrbarkation for South
Africa will not take place till Jan. 20. or a day
or two later,

 

Rejected Volunteer Killa Himself.

Orrawa, Ont. Jan.13.—A telegram received at
the Mounted Police Heaquarters to-day from
Herchiner, at Regina, states
Lindsay of the mounted police,
himself because he was rejected
with the seeond contingent for
He had been eight yearsin the

has killed
for serviea
South Africa
sery.ce,

Mule Purchases by England Stopped,

New Onveass, La, Jan. 15.-An order was
recuived here to-night by the British Consul
and British otlcer stationed here to cease at
once all purchases and shipment of niules,
There are now three transports here waiting
cargoes of niles and two on their way here.
Phere are 2,500 males in the city, halfot them
Aboard ship, and halfawaiting shipnent, and
2.900on ther way tere from Kansas City and
St, Louis, No explanation is given of this or-
der but one is promised Monday

Five States in Five Hours,
The “Royal Limited,”’ beautiful, awift and sure

Leaves New York, South Ferry and Foot of Liberty
at, dally. $V. M., strives, Washingtons P. M. ba
quisite Dining and Cafe Car Service. —Adr

Poland! Poland! Poland t Poland!

ty it. Poland Water Depot, 3 Park Pl, N.Y.
ue,

ry

| During the nine months

 

STATE TRUST ALL RIGHT.

SUPT, KILBURN VINDS 17 HAS 4
SURPLUS OF AT LEAST $1,000,000.

 

 

Abram Kling, a Stockholder, Petitioned
the Governor for an Inquiry, Alieging
Improper Loans—-Supt. Kilburn Says
the Loans Are Amply Secured—President
Johnston Declares Kilng’s Charges Falee.

The examination into the affairs of the
State Trust Company of 100 Broadway,
which has been conducted by Gen, Avery
Db. Andrews, who has just resigned as
Adjutant General of Gov, Roosevelt's staff,
has been completed, and Gen. Andrews turned
over his report yesterday to Frederic D. Kil-
burn, Superintendent of the State Banking
Department, for whom the investigation was
conducted. After examiniug the report Supt.
Kilburn wrote the following letter, which was
given out for publication:

“Walter 8. Joanston, Eeq., President the State Trust
Oolmpany:
“Dear 818: In order that the public may get

no false impression as to the standing and the
afairs of the State Trust Company, 1 wish to
state that I fad itin an entirely solvent condi-

tion, having a surplus of of least $1,000,000,
Very truly yours,
of D Kivsurn, Superintendent of Banks.”

It appears that the attention of the Banking
Department was called to the company by a
former director ofthe American Surety Com-
pany, Abram Kling, a stockholder in the trust
company, Who Bent to Goy, Roosevelt a sort of
petition for an inquiry into the company's
affairs. This document gave a list of certain
loans of the company, as follows:

Daniel H, Shea
Moore & Sohiey
Anthony N. Brady

785,000

 

 

   
   

|

» $2,000,000 )
1,000,000 |

Wiliam FP. sueehan 412,500

lous F Payn , > 4°5.000

Metropolitan Traction Company..... 600,000 |
$6,182,800

Kling went on to say that the $2,000,000
loun to Shea was really to William C. Whitney
aod his associates, several of whom with him
are trustees ofthe company an! that thie is
in violation of law; that the $1,000,000 loan
was really to Whitney. and the Sheehan loan
really to Trustee KR. A. C. Smith. Kling

asserts that the $2,000,000 loan was made
in violation also of the probibition aguainat
lending to any one borrower more than
one-ttth of the capital and surpiua of a
trust company unless the collateral is worth
15 per cent. more than the amount of the
loan. Ot the loan to Louis Payn, State

 

| Couldn't Stand

MOTHER AND CHIL” REN KURNED,

Three Lives Lost in a fire at Corova, L. 1,
Laat Evening.

Conona, L. I, Jan, 15.~ Three livea were lost
and twe persons were {njured ina fire toenight
in the cottage of Thomas Campbel!, a carpen-
ter on Vine street, this village. Stephen Ter-
hune, passing the house at 10 o'clock, noticed

that the Interior was in flames and raised
the alarm Campbell and his fam-
ily, consisting of his wife, Elizabeth,

40 years old; his daughter Jenn'te, 24 years
old; Grace, 17 years old; Netlie, 14 years old,
and his son Archie, 10 years old, had al! retired
for the night. Terhdne’s shouts awakened
them and they made a rush for the
windows, Campbell jumped in his night
clothes and was badly burned about the body,
but reached the ground in safety, Grace
reached the ground without any injuries, but
Nellie had all the balr of her head burned off.
Mra. Campbell on getting out of the house
uulnjured discovered that Archie and Jennle
were atill in the house, She climbed in a win-
dow on the first floorin an attempt to rescue
them, and she and the two children were
burned to death. Beveral people of
the neighborhuod attempted to rescue
them but were driven back by the flames, The
house was almost compjetely destroyed. The
Campbe!ls were taken to the houses of the
neighbors and are being cared for. They are
relatives of Dr. Wickham, connected with the
Health Department of the Borough of Queens,

WOMIN FAINTED,

THIRTEEN

the Heat at the
Performance of **Carmen,”’

The temperature of the Metropolitan Opera
House was stifling yesterday and the women
standing three rows deep at the rear of the
orchestra seats had more than usual to strug-
«ie with, Thirteen of them succumbed

Matinee

| during the afternoon to heat and fatigue, But

' they revived after a brief rest in the women’s

Superintendent of Ineuranee, Kiing says that |

the coliatera: is “unsalable industrials with
What purports to be @ bank check for $100,000,"
Kling also echedules some smalierloans of the
company and impugnea the security.

As to sufiviency of the coilateraion the loans
Supt. Kilburn makes the foliowing statement;

“lL have examiced into the history of
the loans towhich my attention was called
in the complain tor petition made by
Mr. Abram Kilng, and am satistied that
these loans are amply secured, Beyond
@D excessive loan of $2,000,000 made to
@ representative of a syndivate, in which
three of the directors were interested
and which is amply secured, and an
excess of about 940,000 in @ low
ol $500,000 to. a corporation which
has a deposit with the Trust Company ofabout
$1,500,000, whieh last loau has to-day been
reduced to the legal limit, ldo not believe that
the condition of this company was ever betier
than at present, The directors interested in
the $2,000,000 loan offered to pay it at once
but at my sug@estion the matter was left until
the completion of the examination. Two of

the three directors interested in the syndicate

loan of $2,000,000 tell me that the interest of

; each of the three in this loan is $400,000, Dhey

flso etated that with this exception they never
borrowed directly or indirectly trom the State
Trust Company.”

Walter 5. Johnston, President of the Trust
Company, gave out the following statement
ast uignt:

“Now that the Superintendent ef the Bank-
ing Department after full examination has dise
posed of the case and finda but two technical
miatters to oriticise, both of which would have
been remedied to-day but for his request, it is
ploper tor me to comment upon the motives of
this attack aud the character of the men asso-
ciated with it

“The petition is signed by Abram Kling. He

Amevricab Surety Com-

 

    

Was adirector in the
pany, of which 1 was President, belore | bes
came President of the rust company, Several
of our directors objected to his presence in the
board and 1 caused that fact to be conveyed to
him several times, with the further intimation
that we should be pleased to have his resignua-
thon, Finally he did resign.

“The Examiner of the Banking Department,
Gen, Avery D. Andrews, appeared here accom.
panied 4 Maurice Decker, Decker waa secre.
tary of the Trust Con:pany under its old man-
agement, Before accepting the presidency I
compelled his remgnation for cause. Decker

»assumedin hia visit here with Gen, Andrews

to represent the Banking Department, though
{t turns out now that he had no authority to do
60. Theallegations in hiiog's petition were
fulse, as Supt. Kilburn’s offfeial declaration de-

dressing rooms and it was poticed that they
were all able to go back and listen to the per-
formance,

 

ST, PAUL NOT SIGHIED JKT,

 

Etruria Got in Late Last Night and An-
chored Near the Southwest Spit.

The Cunarder Etruria, from Liverpoo! Jan. 6,
got in late last night and anchored near the
Southwest Spit on account of the thick
weather. The American liner St. Paul from
Southampton Jan. 6. via Cherbourg, was not
reported last night. It was 60 foggy that the
observer at Sandy Hook could not seo her if
she anchored outside,

INCOME TAX A FARCE,

Sooth Carolina Legislature Repeals a Law
Which Was Ignored,

Cotumpra, 8. C,, Jan. 13,.~The Jaw imposing
a tax on incomes was to-day repealed by the
Legislature without contest. It has proved
farcical. Last year half the counties mate no
returns.

 

BANK SAKE BLOWN OPEN,

 

 

The Noise Aronsed a Neighbor and the
Buarglars Fled Without Booty.
Kusnroxp, N.Y, Jan, 13.—Early this morn-
{ng five burglara entered the Post Office at
tushford and the bank of Stacy & Kendall,

which occupies the same building. Thomas

| Railroad,

termines, 4othat the whole scheme has mis- |

carried and failed,

“This company, as Mr,
etates, Was never in Letter condition than now
ol our control we
have increased its surplus $500,000, and in-
crease greaterthan it had made in the whoie
ten years prior thereto, Our average deposits
have doubled, and in every direction the com-
pan?’s business has prospered,”

“In regard to that layn loan” said a person

| Who is able to speak of the alfairs of the bank,

 

“the tacts are simply this. The State Trust

Company did loan money to Mr. Payn as it had |

a perfect right to do, Mr, Payn put up good
security an among the other papera was 4
check for $100,000 that was drawn by the
Metropolitan Street Railway Company on the
Rtate Trust Company and certified hy the
trust company. Several weeks ago, before
the complaint of Mr. Kling was made tothe
Governor, it was reported to the Metropolitan
Street Railway Company that the check was
teing held as collateral against the loan, and
the company promptiy reported to the trust
cuinpany that this check was not to be held as
collateral but to be applied as part payment of
the loan. It wasso applied and the rest of the
loan ts secured by good stocks held as collat-
eral.”

There wae

A special meeting of the
of cers and

trustees yesterday The an
houncement. was made for the ftirsttime
Yesterday of the election by the State
Trust Company of four new trustees: J. B
Juke, William Jay, Charles FL Warren, and
larry Payne Whitney
fill places left for some time unillled; the other
two to fill vacancies caused by the retirement
of Willis 8. Paine and Thomas A. MeIntyre

Kilburn ofticially |

! morning, Opebing the mall and assorting it,

Two of these are to |

Mr, Paine, it is said, retired to beeome the head |

of another company. Mr. Melntyroe was the
Viee-Presiient and is stil! a trustee of the Pro.
duce Exchange Trust Company, which recently
c'osed its duors, but has since been reorgan-
ized.

THIMBLE ON A HATVIN,

Woman's Shake-Moasure Helps Get Dam-
ages From the Edison Plant.

Sarah A. Bly, who has a boarding house at
33 West Twenty-sixth street, adjoining a plant
of the Edison Eleetrio Tiiuminating Company.
obtained 4 decision against the company fr om
Justice Truax of the Supreme Court yesterday
for $4,000 damages and an fojunction restrain:
ing the operation of the plantin a way to cause
the damage of which she complained

Tt was shown that she hada prosperous busi-
ness before the erection of the plant about five
years ago, and that her boarders have jeft her
from time totime complaining that the vibra.
tion and the noise prevented sleep. She bad
brought twenty-four of them to court to g.ve
such evidence, A woman boarder explained a
device by which she determined the extent of
the vibration, She put a hatpin in a pi
cushion. anda thimble on top of the batpin,

and noted the movementof the thimble The

thimble was constantiy moving while the

machinery Was in motion. A numberof the

boarders gave evidenes of the trembling of tt

floor and Walls, and said thatonee a lites pier

of paster Was shiken down. There '
!th

 

  

dence that smoke and cinders p
rooms, ANd an element o
crease of the laundry bills of Mrs. Dis

4 Judge ttnds that the dam wes to her
Disiness resulting from the smoke,
ant vibration amount te 34,000, and
thut the injunet on issueto prevent such fur
ther injury, She sued for $18,000

q damiges

 

cind

The Hot Springs of Arkanasns.

Owned and controlled by U. 8. Government. Fle.
want Hotels, \viineton and Kastinan, Golf, A ldress
L. I, Hay, Manager, for booklet. Ade

Poland! Poland! Potanda! Poland!

Is the

auc PUrest natural spring water im the world.

|

| was driven to the police station in

Atwell, who lives near tho Post Office was
aroused at 2 o'clock by a tremendous explos-
fon. Upon golng tothe door he saw a man in
frout of the building and spoketohim, The
man fledand, at the same time, four others
left the bullding by a ar door. Atwell
aroused the village an! pursult was begun. It
was foundthat bure ars had drilled the front
of the safe belonging tothe bank and had put
in a heavy charge, which had biown the outer
door across the room ul the inner burglar-
roof compartment was Intact, na well asthe

S.000 it contained, Less than $10 was secured
in the poat office,

The men had made preparations for leaving
Rushford ina hurry, having, before beginning
operations, hitched up two single rigs belong.
ing to two young men of the town. These
were keptin a@ barn near the Post Office, With
thease they left the village, and though at once
pursued, no trace of them was discovered until
Yo'c ock this morning, When the two horses
were found loose at Reividere, on the Erie |
‘the men had undoubtedly escaped
on a passing freight train,

   

MISS FARKEL, PRIVATE SECRETARY,

Daughter of a Millionaire Goes to Work in
Her bathers Office.

Ansonta, Conn., Jan, 13.—Miss Elisé Farrel,
whose father 1s worth from $20,000,000 to
$25,000,000, drew her first bay as a working |
girl on Thursday. Nhe grew tired of a life of |
ease and determined to earn a living. Her
futher isthe Hon. Franklin Farrel, head of the |
Farre| Foundry and Machine Company, and an |

|

 

owner of several copper mines in the West.
She isa graduate of Ogontz, She is also an
excellent Whip and is often seen driving her
big bay horse to 4 light rubberetired runabout
in the city streets and on country rouds,
Roeently the place of private secretary to Mr,
Tarre: became vacant and she applied tor it.
She was told that it needed a stenographer and
typewriter, so she attended a business college
in New Haven, mastered shorthand quickly,
and got the job She attends to her business
closely, being at her desk ut 8 o’eloek every

recciving the answers tothe letters from dic-
tation, copying them on her typewriter, and
sending them out, She declines all invitations
of a social nature which interfere with her
work and is an excellent secretary,

ON COMPLAINT OF DR, SAYRE,

Sanity of a Trained Nurse Who Wouldn't
Leave His Omice to Be Inquired Into,

Mrs. Ida Hl. Bauer, a trained nurse living
at 111 Ellery street, Brooklyn, was locked up
in the West Thirtieth street police atation last
night on the technical charge of disorderly
conduct. Dr, Reginald H. Sayre of 258 Fifth |
avenue made the complaint

 

 

Mrs, Hauer, mnpanied by a policeman,
Dr. Bayre's
private carriage, The physician followed ina
runabout, Dr. Sayre told Sergt. Daly that the
woman was atrained nurse whon) he had fre-
quently called on to attend his patents

“she came into my office this afternoon,” the
doctor said, “and acted strange!y. She de-
elared that she had been put out of her home
and sati that | must provide hor with some
pace to live. she refused togoaway and there
was nothing for metodo but to call a police.

aec

 

 

man and have te arrested bLelleve the |
Woman ts neand would suggest that her |
sanity be inquired into

Mrs. Bauer scl berarrest was unwarranted

but admitted that she had reused to leave the
doctor's hous

LICENSES FOR ALL,

Stamford’s Town Clerk Won't Follow the
Example of His Greenwich Brother,
Greenwt onn., Jan. 13
Town Clerk James Ro Mead of Greenwich in
hereafter he would not grant
marriage licenses to divoreed applicants meets
With hearty favoy here. The other Town Clerka
in the State, having read of it, and hearing that

at the time Perry Belmont's marriage the |
bridegroom pall Mr. Mead 950 for bia services,

WMARRIAG

H, ¢ The action of

declaring that

 

  

 

 

 

Instead ofthe customary $l, are taking a aife
ferent view ol One ofthe tlrat to come out |
ad way » plainly is Town Clerk William
Waterhury of Stamtord, Vr. Wat iry ia @
Baptist and superintendent of the Sunday |
school the Olen he tas been called irom
his rigiogs duties to aet olicially and heip
couples trom other cities tn their marriages
He has dove more of this than Town Clerk |
Mend, burt beope jaarced were not so we
known asl Belmont or Croxer's nephew, |
“As myoffice is ran on upetoetate lines,” he
paid, “J'lt con inuve to fasue ‘enses as here-
roforeatany hourof the day ornighw |

A Dov and a Night to Florida.
F vida Special; 8th scason begina Jan. 14,
Wille Keat to Georgis Resorts, Florida, Cuba, Nassan
Apply Atiantic Coat Line, 22 Bway, N. ¥ tir

 

Cercle Francaia de l' Harmonie Ball,
Madison syuare Garden, to-worngw night. -Ade,

|

— —

| his cause, Packer turned over the money

| supported the afflrmative and

} into if they

Threatening weather to-day; with showers

in the afternoon.

 

PRICE FIVE CE

 

———a

NTS.

 

RD

WRECK IS STILL NAMELESS,

EVFORTS WIL! BE MADE TO REACH
THE BROKEN sittp TO-DAY,

Bodies Been to the Wreckage Nothiag
Washed Ashore to Identify the Ship
Lost on the Newfoundland Coast--PFreack
Cable Steamer Comes Iuto Port Safely.

Br. Jonne, N. F., Jan. 18.~The @ule is abat-
Ing toward nightfall, the wind is off shore, and
it ts expected that the fishermen in the nelgh-
borhood of the wrecked ship ia St Mary's Bay
will be able to get off to her early in the morne
ing. Partios of meu are constantly watching
near the acene of the wreck, and big fires will
be kept golng all night to attract any possible
Castaways in boate Men and boats have beea
sent to the nearest cove, ready {or launching
when the sea permits, and tackies have beea
erected on the cliff over Beulpin Cove to tre
cover dead bodies there

The coast for miles ia littered with wreckage,
The ship evidently had a large amount of kero.
eene oilin hereargo. The oil is floating about
for miles, tending to smooth the waters and
inake easier the task of getting to the wreck,
the Is now submerged and doubtless in bp ecen,
but the flahermen are expert wreckers aod wil
s00n locate her name when the; wet to ber,
Little property ts drifting to iand to-day, the
wind being off-shore. Several bodies have
been seen among the wreckige, and ali these
are likely to be recovered to-morrow.

The fact that the deckhouse at the stern of
the ship was the seat of the fire whieh ravaged
her on Thursday makes it possible that the
ship's log and papers and other material whieh
would identify her are all destroyed, It was
feared to-day that the ship may have sild off
into deep water at the outer edge of the shely-
ing rock. lu this case, divers would have to
be sent down to identify her,

It was thought at one time to-day that the
wrecked ship was the French cabie ship
Frangois Arago, but the latter came into port
to-nieht. Bho is short of coal and bad rough

 

weather, She goes cable repairing off Cape
Lace noxt week,
Within the past few yeara the steamers

Texas, Arbela, Sunrise, Capulet, Delta, Pros
dano, Canima and many others nave gone
ashore in this vicinity, some with loas of life
but this is the most complete disaster of all
When the Seotaman was lost near Lelle Isle
last fall only 77 persons out of the 400 aboard
perished,

Why the steamer got intoher Present position
Puzzles all those acquainted with the locality
Wednesday night was fine and clear, save for
oecasional snow aqualls, and seamen argue
that.if ordinary precautions had been observed
by lookouts, she should never have taken the
course which sent her ashore,

It 18 confidently expecte) to learn her
name, and whether she carried Passengera,
early in the morning.

 

SHOT 4 NEWSPAPKR’'S OWNERA

A Denver Attorney Wounds the Proprietors
of the ‘Evening Post” of That City.

Denven, Col., Jan. 13,—F. @. Bonflels and H.
H. Tammen, proprietors of the Kcening Post,
were shot and severely wounded by W. W,
Anderson, & well-known local attorney, about
hoon to-day, The affray took place in the prie
vate offices of the wounded men in the Post
Building. Five shots were fired and fourof them
took effect, each man being struck twice.
Bonfiels is the most seriously injured. He hes
& dangerous wound in the Jeft lung, the bullet
penetrating the apex. He was also hit in the
arm. Tammen was wounded in the wrist and
inthe shoulder, The bullet that inflicted the
latter wound deflected and sped across the

| chest froin the left shoulder to the right, but

did not penetrate deeply. Tammen’s injuriee
are comparatively slight, but Buoflels may 6
injured mortally

Regarding the cause of the shooting Manage
ing kditor Carroll of the Post said:

“The well-known Packer case was at the
bottoin of the diMeulty, Anderson. who was
Packer's attorney, believed that he could open
the case again on the grounds that Packer had
been convicted {n a State court, whereas his
crime had been committed on a Government
reservation and that consequently he should
have been held to trial by che United States
authorities. The Post agreed to help him to
reopen the case if he would consent to let [. N.
Stevens, the /oust’s attorney, direct the case,
To this Anderson agreed,

**Polly Pry’ recently visited Packer and dise
covered that Anderson had secured $25 from
him, to be used in the work of the case. Anders
60n represented that he was one of the @irec-
torsof the Jost and asthe Just has championed
The
action on Anderson's part naturally incensed
Mr. Tammen and Mr. Bontlels and they sent
for Anderson, They charged him with the
false representations he had made and a quare
re! ensued,”

HIS LIFE SAVED BY WIS Hoa,

The Dog Attacked a Bull That Had Tossed
His Master and Begun to Gore Him,

Lockport, N. Y¥., Jan, 13 ot

Charles Curry

| Clinton street owes his life to his faithful dog

He was going through the barnyard of the
Bewley Brothera on the Lake Stock
Farm, when a vicious bull charged at him,

Ayenu

Before he could reach the feuce the animal
overtook him, tossed him in the air and thea
began to gore the prostrate man. Tie dog

seized the bull by the tail, the pain causing the
énimal toturn from Mr. Curry and attack the
canine, Mr. Curry was unconscious and could
hot take advantage of the diversion. Several
times the bull tried to get at the man. but the
dog snapped savagely at his legs. Por several
Minutes the animals fought in the barnyard
anda litte giriran for help. Before help are

rived Mr, Curry regaines consciousness and
crawled through the fenee, tis faithful dog
following him Dr, Caguon attended him

finding his back and chest feariuily bruised
aud his kuee wrenched,

Michigan Beats Chicago in Debate,

ANS AkBor, Mich, Jan. 13
umbhed over Chicago in the intereollegiate
debate last night. The subject was: “Resolved,
That municipal ownershipand the operation of
street railways is preferable to ownership and
Operation by private rat Chleago
the

Michigan trle

cort me

Mich gan

 

negative. Chicavo was represented by Arthur
tb. Bestor, Kobert ko Meclare and Beojanita
Samuels. Michigan's position was defen.
dew by Gustavus \. Onlinger, Martin A, Care
moody, and Albert M. Clowd. Ex-secretary of
War Alger presided. The decision of the

Judges Was ubanimous,

Relieves inthe Moral Side of the Single Tax,

Caicaao, Jan, 18—The Rev. Father James
V_S. Huntington, Superior of the Order o! tha
Holy Crose of the Episcopal Church, in an ade
dress before the Single Tax Club in Handel
Hall last night, spoke brielly ou “The Basis o!
the Single Tax.” He sacl he supported the
single tax idea because he believed it right in
the eyaso Gol ratherjoun because it was a
fiscal reform, The taore «ide of the move.

should inquire
advance most

, men

it

nent was the one while
wished to
rapidly and sueeesstully

Meu

Hurt in a Liquid Air Explosion.

L3.—During a publte
bition of the properties of liquid alr, given

nN AnBor, Mich, Jan

eA
ty Prof PC. Freer, in the Unitarian Churoh
lus hutht, an explosion occurred whieh
injured Prof. Preer painfully. Liquid ate wi
| produced by anew plant peeaented to the un

versity by ¢ . Brash of Cleveland, ro)
Freer dropped som. ether into @ test tube ed
the liauid and a violent explosion resulted,

 

Eaw,
Ea&wW. Dress Shirt BB
Correct in it--4éu ee,
a

er s

ee Ree BE te

oe