qoIeeeeeeeeeeeaeaamaaaaeaaaoaoeoeooS

LXX.—NO, 300.

VOL.

 

KAISER SAYS HE'S OUR FRIEND |

AMBASSADOR
AT DINNER.

GUEST OF TOWER

Toasts the President—In the Afternoon With
Admiral Cotton He Salis His Anierte
caneBullt Boat to Victory—Prince
Henry and Princess Give a Lawn Party.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

KIEL, June 26.—Charlemagne Tower, the
American Ambassador, gave a dinner to
Emperor William this evening. The guests
included W.R. Goelet and Cornelius Vander-
hilt, Sam Houston of Philadelphia, Amos
lawrence of Boston and Frank Riggs of
New York, friends of the Goelets. No
women were present. The guests numbered
between sixty and seventy. The Kaiser
had Prince Henry on his right, Ambas-
sador Tower on his left and Rear Admiral
Cotton opposite him.

Mr. Tower, in proposing the health of
the Emperor and Empress and other mem-
bers of the imperial family, said

It is a great pleasure to be permitted to
present Rear Admiral Cotton and the officers
accompanying him upon his visit to Kiel in
response to your Majesty's invitation. The
squadron has come on a missionof friendship
bringing with it cordial sentiments of friend-
ship from America for Germany. I am cone
vinced that your Majesty and your people
entertain the same sentiments toward the
President and people of the United States.
Proof of this is afforded by your Majesty's
gift of the magnificent casts sent to Harvard
lniversity, which have afforded a splendid
opportunity for study by the youth of America,
who henceforth will remember your Majesty
as a great public benefactor.

Mutual understanding between nations
as between individuals is best attained by
personal intercourse, which leads to better
acquaintance and a happy occasion like this,
which, in the case of two greut nations like
Germany and America, {s a benefit to the
whole civilized world. The efforts of Ger-
many and the United States are constantly
tending towards the sume purpose in the
development of civilization, the extension
of commerce, and the peace of the world
The closer our personal acquaintance be-
comes the surer we are to discover how near
our paths lie to each other, how readily we
may follow them together, and how much
each has to gain by the mnaintenance of har-
mony. In the future as in the present and
past America wishes this with all sincerity

Mr. Tower then paid a high compliment
to the people of German birth or extrac-
tion residing in the United States. He
said they were among the best of citizens,
bringing habits of thrift and industry and
high ideals of domestic life, inherited from
their ancestors, which contributed so much
to make America what it is. He added:

These people will refoice, as we all will
rejoice, at what has taken place at Kiel. They
a- well as all other Americans, will be happy
in the assurance we derive from his Majesty's
presence to-night. Speaking for my nation,
1] have the honor to convey to his Ma‘esty
cordial greetings and hearty good wishes
from the President and people of the United
States. ; P

In reply the Kaiser said:

In responding to your Excellency’s warm
and sympathetic toast I offer a cordial wel-
come to the American squadron, Admiral
Cotton and hie officers, inthe name of the
German people. We took upon them as the
hearers of the friendly sentiments of the citi-
zene of the United Stites, to which, I can as-
sure your Excellency, the whole of Germany
Will heartily respood,

[am happy that our hopes for a better iin-
tual understanding between our two countries

through the persona! intercourse Which
ty brother Henry Was uble to hold with
your Excellency’s counirymen have been

filly realized, and that the bonds of friendship
between Germany and America have heen
strengthened,

My gifts of casts of mediwval
architecture, which have been received
graciously by Harvard University, mive me
the greatest satisfaction. IT hope these sam-
ples relating to our old history will induce
many young students to come over to Ger-
niany to atudy the originals and the people
wio now Hive dround them. My sincerest
wish is that our two peoples may become
closer acquainted

No serious citizen of America or Germany

believes, To trust, that harmony and the |
continuance of mutual interests conjd be
di-turbed Ry the permanent factors in
ou relationship we are knit too closely to-

Our good will is too strong to allow
evelopment of any antagonism.

vether
the «

It is my strongest conviction that the fact |

that many thousands and hundreds of
thousands of Gerinans are living and thriving

80

inthe Tnited States vill render the task more |

easy of smoothing the path of undisturbed
and progressive relations, which are of vital
fe our countries

tas now my duty to beg vour Excellency

Tnipertance

to thank his Pxeelleney the President of the
United States for the Jovous oecasion for !
Whieh we are indebted to his kindness. All

over here admire his firmness of character,
iron will, devation to his country and indomit-
able energy, and we readily grasp the hand
proflered to us across the sea in cordial friend-
Ship. feeling at the same time that blood is
thieker than water.
Gentlemen, I propose a his-

toast to his

eelleney the President of the United States
of Ameriea. God bless him and the United
States

Prince Henry and the Princess gave a
garden party at the royal castle this after-
noon to Rear Admiral Cotton and = the
officers of the American squadron. Mr.
Tower, the American Ambassador, was
present. The Kaiser and Kaiserin also
attended after they had returned from the
yacht races.

Prince Henry called upon Mr. and Mrs.
Cornelius Vanderbilt on their yacht North
Star this morning and invited them to
take part in the festivities of the week.
They attended the garden party. The
Prince and Princess and the Empress
chatted with Mrs. Vanderbilt. The latter
was dressed in white and gray, with a great
quantity of lace, and a picture hat with a
green feather. The Empress was dressed
in green.

Emperor William's yacht Meteor III.,
with the Kaiser at the helm and Rear
Admiral Cotton aboard as a guest, raced
against the Iduna, owned by the Empress
Augusta, and the Hamburg to-day.
Empress was on board the Iduna.

The Meteor finished first despite a five-
minute handicap.
clone second. The Iduna was nowhere.
These were the only three yachts that com-
peted in this race.

't is learned that while the Emperor was
inspecting the battleship Kearsarge, the
flagenip of Rear Admiral Cotton's squadron
yesterday, he especially
Capt. Hemphill for his knowledge of al! the
details of the various departments of the
thip

PRESIDENT TO EMPEROK.

WaSHINGTON, June 26.— President Roose-

velt to-day sent the following message to

 

German ,

The |

The Hamburg was a |

complimented ,

NEW YORK. SATU RDAY.

  

Emperor William in reply to the Hinparor! 8
cable deapatch received last night:

| thank your Majesty for your gracious }
welcome to the United States squadron,
and for the complimentary expressions of
your despatch. | bad = already received
notice from Admiral Cotton of the kindness
shown him and his squadron by your Majesty.
1 am deeply impressed by these tokens of
your Majesty's friendship and good will
toward the United States, and | reciprocate
in the heartiest manner the sentiments which
your despatch conveys.

THEODORE ROOBEVELT.

THREE HANGED ON ONE TREE.

Negroes Lynched by a Mob at Newton, Ga.
—Were Charged With Murder.

ALBANY, Ga., June 26.—-There was a
triple lynching last night at Newton, the
county seat of Baker county, twenty miles
south of Albany. Three negroes, Wiley
Anette, Garfield McCoy and George McKin-
ney, charged with the murder of A. S.
Bullard on June 20, were taken from the
jail in Newton and hanged to a tree less
than a mile away.

About midnight Jailer Bill Screw was
called up by a bailiff from one of the out-
lying districts of the county, who said that
he had a prisoner to put in jail. Screw
left his home and accompanied the bailiff
to the jail, some distance away. He
noticed that the bailiff had no prisoner,
and asked where his prisoner was. The
bailiff replied that he had left the prisoner
in charge of a friend at the jail,

On reaching the jail Screw opened the
outer door, and as he did so an armed mob
closed quickly about him, a pistol was
thrust in his face and he was directed
to open the door to the cell containing the
three prisoners. The jailer obeyed. The
three negroes were taken by the mob and
hanged on the sametree. ‘The bodies were
riddled with bullets.

During the confusion which followed
the entrance of the mob into the jail the
bailiff’s prisoner escaped.

Last Saturday night 4 large crowd of
negroes gathered on the farm of F. S. Bul-
| lard, near Peace, Ga., to indulge in a frolio
given by one of Bullard’s farmhands.
The three negroes were in the crowd, and
every one got drunk and noisy.
lard went to the house and asked for
quiet. Anette, McCoy and McKinney
drew their revoivers and opened fire on
Bullard, inflicting wounds from which he
died Tuesday morning.

The affair created intense excitement in
that part of the county, and the mob last
night is supposed to have come from that
section, for the lynching was a great sur-
prise to the citizens of Newton.

Jailer Screw, who is also the Coroner, em-
panelled a jury for an inquest this morning.

 

night, and it ie understood that none of the
men can be identified.
e

 

KNOCKED THE MASHER OUT.

Mr. Barret of St. Lou's Whips Man Who,
He Says, Inaulted Hts Wife.
James Van S. Barrett, a wealthy man
| from St. Louis who is staying with his wife
at the Hotel Imperial, was taken to the
Tenderloin police station last night after
| he had atruck a man who said he was Henry
La Pointe, an architect of 29 West Twenty-

first street.

Edward Waiters and his wife, who are
'also from St. Louis, are at the Imperial
{| with the Barrette and all four went to the
| Duss concert at Madison Square Garden
last night. They returned to the hotel
| at about midnight, the two women walking
'a few feet ahead of their husbands. As
| they were nearing the women's entrance
| they passed two men, La Pointe and a man
| who says he is Richard Collins, a waiter of
| Portland, Me.
| Mr. Barrett
| Collins stepped out in front of Mrs. Barrett
| and made an insulting gesture. Mr. Bar-

rett walked up to him and said:
| “Tf you do that again I'll knock your head
|
|
|
!

{
!
|
{

 

ca ee pase ee TERE Ee atten

and Mr. Walters sav that

off.”

Then they went on. Collins's companion
rushed at Mr. Barrett and struck him in
the back of the neck. Mr.
on his assailant and landed a blew in the
mouth whieh knocked him down and out.
Collina then tried to mix up in the row,
but Detectives Eaton and Miley stepped in
and stopped the fight.

La Pointe was sent in an ambulance
to the New York Hospila!, and the rest of |
the party went over to the Tenderloin
station, where Mr. Barrett made a com-
plaint, upon Which Collins waa locked up.
Williarn Pruyn, who lives at the Waldorf,
and Charles Sleicher of 75 Firat street,
Troy, N. Y., went along. They said that
they would have done just as Mr. Barrett
had done. About that time Sergt. Wall
ealled out to Mr. Barrett

“Did you strike this man Collins?”

Mr. Barrett said that he had, but not until
he himself had been struck

“Well,” said Wall, “the law is made for
the rich just as well as the poor. You
ought not to have struck that man. You
had avight to wait for a policeman.” Isn't
somebody gein’ make a complaint
against this men?”

The two deteciiv.s
Barrett, who had started out of the station,
and brought him back. Wall told him that
he was under arrest on the complaint of
Ia Pointe. Twenty minutes later the de-
tectives discovered that the complainant
had left the hospital and couldn't be found
and then Mr. Barrett was released.

then ran after Mr.

 

FOUND SON AFTER A YEAR,

Dr. Johnson of Buston Learns That His
Boy Is in a Trenton Hospital.

Boston, Mass., June 26.—After a year of
anxiety over the disappearance of his
eighteen-year-old son, Dr. Frank M. John-
son of Beacon street has learned of hie
only awaite the boy's
N. J, before bring-

 

| whereabouts, and
| recovery at Trenton,
'ing him te this city
The boy went to New York and drifted |
to Trenton, where he has been ever since, |
supporting himself as a clerk in a store.
At the time of his disappearance a de-
scription of young Johnson was sent all
, over the country.
oung men were admitted to a Trenton
howcital suffering from Sena fever.
Both resembled the p'
} of the missing boy. Dr Johnson was com-
municated with-and he went to Trenton
; last Tuesday. Ba and recognized his son,
who had meant been known by another
name.

eee iaiasnenmemesbiete
“Get the Habit.''—Aae

Barrett swung |

ted descriptions |

|

Mr. Bul- ;

|
ou

|
'
\

He did not recognize any of the mob last |

|

i New

Some weeks ago two |

}

| led his men to 151

GOT 505 MEN INF FIVE RAIDS,

SMITH CLEANS OUT POOLROOMS
—ONE IS THE, ALLEN'S.

Had John Doe Warrants, but Every Prisoner
Is Held for Felony—.Allen's Mace
Vielded 243 Prisoners—itaiders Get
In by Ladders—One Was a Fizzle.

The great Doe Family Reunion was
held last night inthe Mercer street police
station, when 505 members of the tribe were
gathered together in closer bonds than they
had ever known before,

They had to be close, because the lock-up
at Mercer street was built to accommodate
about one hundred prisoners. The 595
were squeezed in there for more than an
hour, and then the crush was relieved by
having overflow meetings in Macdougal
and Mulberry streets.

Police Inspector Smith was responsible
for the round-up and for the fact that all
the prisoners are held on a felony charge.
With the aid of his captains he cleaned out,
for a day at least, all the big poolrooms
in his district, and established a new record
in the number of prisoners taken, The
inspectors had planned to visit six places,
but one in East Thirteenth street was
vacant when the poljce arrived, either as
the result of a tip or because the pool-
room had changed its address.

The other places were raided simultane-
ously at 4 o'clock. Up to within half an
hour of that time, only four persons knew
of the proposed round-up. The four
were Inspector Smith, his two detectives,
Lynch and McAlese, who have been getting
evidence, and Magistrate Breen, who issued
the warrants.

There were six warrants, each providing
for the arrest of from three to a dozen
Does. Of course, The. Allen's place was
on the list, and the warrant for that named
John, James, George, Peter, Richard,
Henry, Fdward, Francis, William, Frank,
Thomas and Isaac Doe. On the strength
of that warrant, calling for the arrest of
twelve Does, the police arrested 243 persons
at The. Allen's alone. The same course
was followed in all the other places.

The inspector went to the Mercer street
station early in the afternoon und sum-
moned Capte. Murtha, Handy, Aloncle,
Burns and Hogan to meet him there at 3:30
o'clock. Each captain was assigned to
| one of the poolrooms and told to make his
raid with fifteen men at exactly 4 o'clock.
Roundsman Quinn waa ‘in charge of the
Thirteenth street job, which didn't pan

eae Hogan of Mercer street was told
to take The. Allen's, in Sixth avenue. The.
was present when the cops went to his
place. He was at home near by attending
his wife's funeral. But as he left the house |
with the other mourners he saw a proces-
sion of eight patrol wagons go by on the
run, every one jammed with prisoners.

Capt. Hogan made a record for himself
in this, the eighty-seventh raid on The.’s
place. He got out 243 prisoners in fifty-
five minutes. When Capt. Wiegand raided
The.'s the other day he got only 195, and
took two hours.

Hogan didn't lose any time trying to get
through the three wrought-iron doors.
He and his fifteen men used scaling ladders
and made their attack by way of the second-
story windows. One pony player jumped
from a third-story window and landed in
an awning. He rolled gently into the arms
of the waiting copa outside without break-
ing any bones.

All the raids were by way of second-story
windows and were made with the help of
axes, but nobody offered any resistance and
nobody was hurt.

Capt. Aloncleof the Charles street station
West Fourth street,
run by the former proprietor of the notori-
ous Black Rabbit dive, and get in by means
of ladders placed on the tops of the patrol
wagons. This poolroom is called by several |
names, one of them being the John Brown |
Republican Club, After the police had
departed yesterday with 138 prisoners a
Republican election district captain of the
Fifth Assembly district took charge of the
premises

Capt. Murtha and his squad swooped
down on the “Noon Day Club” at 191 Mercer
street and got 114 prisoners,

Capt. Burns's contribution catne froin
the Mascot Club, which oeeupies all of a
double dwelling house, at 28 and 30 Fast

A eae

Twelfth street. The prisoners here were
caught on the second, third and fourth
floors. There were 96 prisoners taken,

One was a little hunchback negro woman.
She was the mascot and goes on record as
Topsy Doe.

The raid at 16 Sixth avenue was a fizzle
Only five men were found there,and there
was nothing to indicate that the place was

poolroom. The police had warrants
Dues, 80 they nabbed four of the

a
for four
five men

Magistrate Deuel, who went tothe station
to accept bail, was told that there were
about 600 prisoners and then looked at
the warrants

“What does this mean?” he asked.
“These warrants are for a dozenor more
John Does. How do you account for ali
the other prisoners?”

“We acted under orders from Inspector |
Smith,” renlied Capt. Hogan, “and made
each warrant cover all the inmates of the
places and all are charged with felony.

“Well,” replied the Magistrate, “the
inspector must assume the responsibility
for this.”

All the prisoners were released on bail
of $100 each.

 

LIBERTY POLE FALLS,
Several Persons Have Narrow Escapes
—-Iselin Fountain Smashed.

New RocHELLE, N. Y., June 26.—A
remarkable accident occurred here at
5:30 this afternoon when the liberty
' pole erected soon after the civil war

Workmen had cut
A guy rope

crashed into the street.
it off at the base Lo reset it.

| broke and the pole, which weighed five tons

and measured seventy-five feet, struck
the clock tower onthe City Hall. It bounded |

to a cornice twenty feet below, and then to | was overcome by fright.
the top striking the Para- | stopped,

the sidewalk,
graph building, smashing the windows,
Several persone narrowly escaped death.

JUNE,
UNGE .

Antl-Semttes Want the Outrages at Kish-

i

 

|
|
|
‘
|

|

Thomas Newey, father of the Rev. Henry T, |

wey, slipped as he attempted to enter |

aN

 

A NOTHER MASS. (ORE,

 

Inet Renewed.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN

ODESBA, June 26,~-Since the attempt on '

the life of M. Krushevan, proprietor and
editor of the Kishineff anti-Semitic journal,
the Bessarabyetz, in the streets of St. Peters-
burg, it has become locally known that re-
newed threats have been made in Kishineff
to attack the Jews.

Yesterday the police seized copies of a
lithographed appeal to the citizens to finish
the work commenced on Easter Sunday
by making the chief town of Bessarabia
too hot to hold a single Jew.
lar adds:

“The warning of the Governor and of the
Government need not be taken too seriously,
and if the prosecution of Jewish rascality
be carried on with proper determination

other southern centres will ultimately
follow suit. The result will be a wholesale
exodus of the detested and detestable

Hebrew from southern Russia.”

It is reported that the authorities at
Kishineff now appreciate the sinister sig-
nificance of these circulated threats. The
chief immediate danger is the growing
restiveness of the industrial classes.

 

SIR FREDERICK TREVES T0 QUIT.

England's Leading Surgeon and the ‘Ine
ventor” of Appendicitis,
special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

TONDON, June 26.---It is reported that Sir
Frederick Trevee,
| England, who performed the operation upon
the King for intestinal trouble, will retire
from practice at the endof July. He will re-
tain the honorary post of surgeon to the
King and adviser the Army Medical
Board.

In a professional sense he invented
appendicitis. As he is only 50 years old and
is full of energy it is suggested that he
closes his surgical career for the purpose
of entering Parliament.

to

 

ANARCHISTS RUIN BONDSMAN,

Grossman and MacQueen Hay e Disappeared
and 13,000 Ball Is Forfeit.

PaTERSON, June 26.—-When
MacQueen and Rudolph Grossman, the
Anarchists, were called upon inthe Court of
Quarter Sessions to-day to surrender them-
selves and serve five years in State prison,
they did not respond and the Court de-
clared their bail of $138,000 forfeited, It
was said that MaeQueen had fled to Eng-
land and that Grossman was hiding in
Chicago. Their bondsman is Philip Geyer,
a wine merchant in this city, and father
of Robert Geyer, the young lawyer who
defended the two “Reds.” *

Geyer was not back bailed, nor secured
inany way, andit is said that the forfeiture
of the bail will practically ruin him. His
son induced him to become bondsman for
the Anarchista, who offered the indemnity
bonds of three property owners in New
York. These bonds were investigated by
a New York lawyer, who paased them as
being good for theamount. The
dition of theae indemnity bonds, however,
was that if the accused men should appear
for trial then the bonds should be nuil and

void. They did appear for trial.
After the trial Geyer renewed his bond |
to allow the Anarchista to appeal; but he

failed to get the New York people to renew
their indemnity bonds, and thus he was
without security. The Supreme Court
affirmed the verelict of the lower court.

BOY'S WOODEN FOOT.

 

CUT OFF

New Haven Man Was Afraid the Lod Weuld
Fleed to Death.

New HAaten, June 26. “For Heaven's
sake send for an ambulance, for T have just
run over thia poor boy with my wagon and
cut his foot off,” shouted Jamer J.
in A. Keenan's wundertaking rooms

morning as he held in his arms five-year-old |

George McDermott. Doyle, at the time he
made the requeat for medical aid, clutched
tightly the trousers that covered the foot-
Jess Jeg and wound the cloth around the
) stump
‘That
death,”
the jagged ankle
the top of hia voice.
clattered up to the undertaker's,
was excited and pleaded for haste.
“Here’s de kid's foot,” velled
MecDermott's chums, aa he
foot into the undertaker's office.

will save him from bleeding to
said Doyle, pressing hard against
The boy was crying at
Then the ambulance
Doyle

one of

wooden

Then Doyle unwound the trousers leg and ,
holding on to aj

found that he had been
wooden leg all the time to prevent it from
bleeding

A year ago young McDermott was struck

by a trolley and his leg was cut off. He was |
Doyle's wagon |

supplied with a wooden one.
struck McDermott to-day and knocked him

down, one wheel passing over the wooden |

ankle, severing it from the shoe-covered

wooden foot.

WISSES DEATH BY AN INCH,

 

Relmont Chauffeur’s Narrow FKacape at
Westbury Crossing.
HEMPSTRAD, L. I., June 28..-A repetition

of the accident which smashed Henri Four-

nier’s machine two years ago at the grade |

crossing of the Long Island Railroad was
averted to-night only by the quickness
of the chauffeur, who shut off the power
just in the nick of time. There are no
gates and the view is obstructed on the
south side of the track, so it is impossible
to see a train going east until one is almost
on the rails.

O. H. P. Belmont’s French chauffeur waa |
running the Belmont Panhard toward
Westbury and reached the railroad just as
the Shelter Island express came dashing
along. The train makes no stops between
Jamaica end Riverhead and runs at 50 miles
an hour.

The chauffeur was to meet Mr. Belmont
at the Westbury station. He was running
the automobile slowly and this saved his
life, as the train carried away the head-
| light of the automobile. The chauffeur
The train was
the engineer
machine and man ground to pieces.

DEFEND

RLACK TO PARKS,

 

the Paragraph building, and the pole missed | EveGovernor's Law Firm fngaged by the

him by two feet

The sidewalk maii box and the

Sante i

Indicted Walking Delegate.

The Houssemithe and Bridgemen's

fountain given to the city by Adrian Iselin | Union announced yesterday that it had

were smashed, and the pole is so damaged | employed the law firm of Black, Olcott, | remained

: that it cannot be reset.

|

|

“The Buffalo Limited,"

 

&@ second edition ah she ate sae 0 Re.
leaves New York di ay 13 flalo
11:00 P. M., by New York Settle San

Gruber & Bonynge to look after the in-
toresta of Sam Parke, who is under indict-
ment on several charges of extortion.
Ex-Gov. Black, the head of the firm, was
counsel for Roland B. Molineux.

The circu- |

the leading surgeon of |

William ;

cone |

Doyle, :
this |S

threw a.

expecting to see |

 

THROW EM out, SAYS POTTER |®

| BISHOP MEANS THE REV. MR. FII-
LINGHAM AND HIS FRIENDS.

 

If They Interrupt at St. Mary the Vir-
gin's, the Rector Is Advised to Call

in the Pollce—Anti-Ritualist Vicar
So Told by the itshop — Insult-
ing and Ignorant, He Retorts.

Bishop Potter has directed the rector
of the Church of St. Mary the Virgin to call
; in the police and throw the Rev. R.C. Filling-
| ham of Hexton, Hertfordshire, England,
| into the street if that zealous anti-rituallet
, Ventures to interrupt or interfere with the
| services which the Rev. Mr. Fillingham
' describes as idolatrous and contrary to the
| worship of the Church of England.
!

The Rev. Mr. Fillingham has had some
stormy times in England, where he has been
arreated for disturbing church ceremonies
which he thought followed too closely the
Roman Catholic ritual. But his corres-
| pondence never had been enlivened with
| such a letter as that which he received
| yesterday from Bishop Potter. Here is
| the letter:

j COOPERSTOWN, N Y, June 25, 1903

| REVEREND 6§iR: In the public prints of

{ yesterday I find a letter from you, addressed

, to me, and later this letter reached me through
! the mail,

| You call yourself a clergyman in the Church

j of England; but | doubt it, for a clergyman
| is usually a gentleman and aware that he

‘may not print a private letter until ita re-
ceipt haa been acknowledged by the person
to whom it is addressed,

1 That you are a lunatic is much more likely;

for only a lunatic could suppose that the

‘ Church in New York is governed by the lawa {

1 of the Church of England, or that you could
: compel me or any incumbent in the diocese
| of New York to enforce or to obey laws of the
Church of England.
{ The rector of the Church of St. Mary the
| Virgin possesses iny respect and confidence;
| and though his modes of worship may be aa
little to my taste as to yours he is aot fol-
lowing them without my privity or knowl-
edge.

I have advised him, therefore, to apply
for a detail of police; and have instructed
| him, in case you or your followers venture
in any way to interrupt or interfere with his
| services, to direct the police to throw you
| and your associates into the street. Happily,
! we have a law in the State of New York
' which deals summarily and effectually with

disturbers of public worhsip, Very truly
yours, H.(. Porter.
Bishop of New York.
FILLINGH AM,
Fillingham sent this reply:
FirTH AVENUE HOTEL, Mune 26,

i

| The Rev

|

| Richt REVEREND Str: 1 am in receipt of
{

'

i

Mr.

ReaG

your extremely violent and inaulting jetter
of yesterday's date. I suppose so extraor-
dinary a production Was never before
penned by a protessedly Christian minister.
You are,or affect to be, unaware that open
letters are frequently written to public men.
| You also are apparently unaware that the
| church of Which you are an officer hus de-
clared that she has no intention of differing
| in anything from the doctrine, discipline and
| Worship of the Church of England. | suppose
‘ you are also unaware of the fact that the
ritual of St. Mary the Virgin does differ abso-
| lutely from that. dieciptine and that worship.
' I will not follow you in your own choice
| expressions and describe this as “lunacy,”
but it is certainly a singular exhibition of
' ignorance.

1 note that you condone and are privy to
the illegalities and idolatry practised by the
‘rector of St. Mary the Virgin. IL also note
yourthreat of physical violence. that you,a
minister of the Gospel, advise another minister
‘throw” me into the atreet, but

, bo

' who are prepared not only to act but to suffer
| in the cause of Protestantism. Very truly
» yours, R.C. FILLINGHAM.
Mr. Fillingham will sail for
July 1. He is on his way home after a
vacation journey which has taken him to
Japan. He will do nothing further in this
; controversy now, but he still

to return next spring and actively combat }

' ritualism.

When a note was sent to the clergy of
t. Mary the Virgin asking if a detail of
police had been applied for, accerding to
Bishop Potter's suggestion, to throw the
Rev. Fillingham and his followers “into the
street,” this reply was made:

“The clergy of St. Mary the Virgin are
pretty certain that the Rev Mr. Fillingham
won't visit the church again. If he does
_ the clergy are not saying now what will
| happen to him.”

At the Forty-seveuth atreet police station
Capt. Dillon said he had not received auy
‘request yet from the church authorities
| for help, but if the Bishop and others wanted
anybody thrown out, he could probably
' acoommodate them.

The Bishop's letter
; town yesterdays the Rev Ritchie
{of St. Ignatius’s, to the Rev. Dr. Clendenin
{ of St. Peter's, and to othera of the ritualistic
|
'

was shown about

Mr.

1a

school, and caused intense rejoicing.

SNOW SUING FOR DIVORCE,

| summons ald te Have Been Served by
' Wiatake on His Wife's Stster,
| An effort was made yesterday to serve Mrs.
Elbridge Gerry Snow, Jr., with a summons
in a suit for absolute divorce, begun by
hear husbend. Mrs. Snow har been living
at the Rochelle, 57 West Seventy-fifth street,
| and process servers watched the house
| yesterday.
| A woman they thought was Mrs. Snow
left the Rochelle shortly after noon and
! was boarding a downtown Columbus ave-
| nue car when @ young man handed her the
summons. She took it and got on the
| car, when a second process server handed
| her another piece of paper. At Fifty-ninth
| atreet she got off and took a car back to
| the Rochelle.
| Shortly afterward Abram I. Elkus, counsel
for Mrs. Snow, was notifled by telephone
| that Mrs. Clark, sister of Mra. Snow, had
' been mistaken for Mrs. Snow and had been
| served with the summons
| her sister.
. Lawyer Brennan of Leventritt & Brennan,
' Mr. Snow's lawyers, said last night that
he didn't know whether the summons
| had been served on the right woman.

ee eee ene ee

| PROSPECTIVE BRIDE'S SUICIDE.

| Mise Buehler Lice Down on the Track in
Front of an Approaching Train.
| JAMESTOWN,

N. Y., June 26.—Mias Elise
| Buehler of Chicago, who had been visiting

ah thie city for a few days, and waa
| engaged to he married soon to Gilbert
| Lindergren of Jamestown, committed
| suicide thie morning by lying down
in front of an Erie Railway train. She
went to the atation at & o'clock and

there until after 10 o'clock.

When the train arrived she ran out of the

| station and lay down on the track directly |

in front of it. She was 24 years old.

 

Every one re, are lookin;
for Th try whe Muddy hiv River pay > Ene ie caer

 

[lees | and putting on a pair of blue

I can
|
‘assure you that no threat will affect those |

ingland |

promises |

intended for }

o

SATORDAY, JUNE 27, 1908. ‘.
Cloudy and probably showers to-day;
fair to-morrow.
Modueeeraltge tant etiiocaend So Aeon EE

Sl

27, 19083.-—Copyright, 1908, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Aasociation.

 

NOT THE PRESIDENTS PLANK.

r. Roosevelt Had ‘Nothing to Do With

Fraining the lowa Tariil Proposals.

 

 

Wasnrnaron, June 26.—The
wae made at the White House this afternoon
that the President had nothing whatever
to do with the framing of the tariff plank
of the Iowa State platform which is to be
adopted at the coming Republican State
convention

This statement was made in view of the
reports which have been published in Iowa
papers and elsewhere to the effect thet Mr.
Roosevelt had exerted a strong influence |
on the Republican leaders in [owa to bring |
about the adoption of a tariff plank to hie |
liking. |

DR. . POWER

Mother Interferes ut Newport, and They
Come Here to Settle Matters,

Newport, R. I., June 26.—Dr. H. Power
of Montclair, N. J., made an unsuccossful
attempt to-day to kidnap his 9-year-old
boy from his mother at Saunderstown, a
summer resort across the bay from New-
port. He was defeated by the alertness
of the mother, but the mother did not get
the child back, they all leaving for New
York, where the legal rights in the matter
can be properly adjusted.

Dr. Power says that the Court of Chancery
of New Jersey gave the children into his
custody pending an action for divorce
and that the mother took the child and dis-
appeared. When he learned the where-
abouts of the child Dr. Power came on to

 

TMZES HIS BOY.

 

8

glasses went across the bay. He picked
‘ up the child as he was playing near the ferry
' landing and rushed on the boat with him.
| The mother followed, and when they
got to Newport the police were appealed
to, but informed Mrs, Power that they
could not act in the matter.
Lawyers were sent for, and on their ad-
vice Dr. and Mrs. Power and the child left
for New York to-night.

HARVARD MEN ARRESTED.

Two Studenta Charged With Robbing
Co-operative Store.

CAMBRIDGF, Maas., June 26.--Guy Lloyd
Hunt and his roommate, Floyd E. Rich,
both Harvard students, are under arrest
on the charge of breaking into the Harvard
Cc6perative Society's store, in the Harvard
yard, about May 1 and stealing a larg>
amount of goods.

Hunt was held in $1,500 bail until July
7. He is now in East Cambridge jail. Rich
was in oourt to-day and was held for exam-
ination.

Hunt is a member of the class of '05, and

roomed at No. 17 Matthews, one of the
college dormitories. His home is in Port-
land, Ore. H» is 20 years old. Rich's

home is at Winthrop. He is a member of
the class of ‘04. He left for Kennebunk
a few days ago, intending to spend his sum-
mer vacation there. He is 21 years old

More than $1,100 worth of gooda was
taken from the store.

RRYAN TO GO TO FIHENCH LICK.

 

 

Leading Demoecratste Be Asked 6) Taggart
to Meet Him There.
Inpianapois, Ind., June 26.—William J
Bryan has accepted an_ invitation from
{ex-Mayor Taggart to spend a week at
| French Lick early in July. If Mr. Tag-
gart's plans do not miscarry, the coming
of Bryan will be followed by some important
conferences.
| Taggart will make an effort to bring some
| of the leading Eastern and Western Demo-
crats into conference at the French Lick
| resort in the interest of party harmony
| in 1904,
! The fact that Taggart is a warm friend
| of David B. Hill and is himself a candidate
! for the chairmanship of the National Demo-
| cratic Committee, leads to the belief that
Mr. Hill and possibly Judge Parker will
be asked to meet Bryan while he is Tag-
gart’s gueet. ‘

TORTURED GIRL TO

Negro Woman Tled Child in Sack and
Bullt a Fire Under Her.

NEW ORLEANS, La... June 26.-- Mary Patter
gon, @ negro woman living at De Rouen,
in Iberia Parish, haa been arrested for the
murder of her stepdaughter Fllen, aged 10

Becoming annoyed by the child, she beat
her until she was helpless, then tied her
hands behind her back and tied her ina
corn sack. The child was suspended from
the limb of a tree and a fire built under the
sack The woman, to increase the punish-
ment. threw pepper into the fire.

The flames burnt the cord by which the
rack was suspended to the limb, and the
child fell into the fire and was badly burned.

An investigation, however, showed that
she was dead before she fell into the fire,
having been suffocated by the flames and
the fumes of the pepper. The woman is
locked up in the New Iberia jail.

SHOT AS WAS M'KINLEY.

Girl Victim of a Stranger Ulustrating Mode
\ of Assassination.
FRANKFoRT, Ky., June 26.—-Mias Rosa
Gordon, living near Yellow Creek minea,
Belle county, was shot and killed by a
stranger who waar visiting the mines and
who was illustrating the manner in which
President’ McKinley was assassinated by
| holding a pistol in a handkerchief.
Suddenly the trigger of the pistol which he
was using to illustrate his story was
touched and the pistol discharged, the
bullet tearing away two of his fingers and
entering Miss Gordon's abdomen.
| She fell to the ground and died in a few
; minutes, while the man, overcome with
fear at the tragedy, fled without leaving
a clue to his identity.

DEATH.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

HUSBANDS WILT. BE GOOD NOW.

If They Are Not They May Suffer ime
| prisonment at Hard Labor.
' New OR.LeaNs, dune 26.--The Louisi-
| ana Supreme Court affirmed to-day the
constitutionality of the act passed by the
Legislature at its last session, punishing
with imprisonment at hard labor wife de-
sertion and failure on the part of the hus-
band to support his wife and children,

A number of deserting husbands were
arrested, but their punishment was sus-
pended, as the act was declared unconsti-

 

tutional. The matter was carried to the
Supreme Court.
A great improvement it expected

in
f

Louisiana husbande as a consequence
| this law

 

Premature loss of the Hair may be entirely

 

re-
vented by the use of Burnett's Cocoaine. Nae.
New Haven eacursion to-morrow, 61.00. All day on
the Sound. Music. Str. Rioh'd Peck. See Adv —Ads.
‘ 3
.

 

|
|
statement |

a ee eee eee

—_———_$S$ —————————————— ———— —  ————————EeeEeEESEeEEEeEeeESEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeeEeeeEeEeeeeEeEEESEESSSSSESESESESEeEeMe

.
ete eres

PRICE TW O CENTS.

‘ONE MORE SHOT IN RICHMOND

BOY WHO THREW A STONE
SOLDIERS WOUNDED.

AT

 

The Street Ratiway Company Again Be
fuses to Make Concessions and Pre
pares for a tang Stege—Rlioters
Fined—More Trouble Feared Te-tay.

RIcHMOND, Va., June 26.—Luther Wilcox,
an eighteen-year-old boy, hurled a rock
to-night at a car filled with soldiers. Then
he turned and ran. One of the soldiers
{ fired at him, and the bullet tore through
his: hand and buried itself in his hip. This
was the only case of violence to-night.

| There was little disorder during the day,

owing to the stern military rule enforced.

Another attempt to induce the street
railway company to make concessions to
its striking employees met with failure.
The company made this statement:

“The strikers may make application for
their places as individuals, but not as a
union, and those will be taken back who
are acceptable and who are necessary to
complete the force. No other terms will
be considered.”

It was said in addition that the company
would spend $2,600,000 if necessary to carry
its point.

To-morrow being Saturday, which is
practically a half holiday, there is great
fear of trouble, and the Mayor has been
asked to close the saloons before dark.

Other precautions will probably be taken

to minimize the danger. It is possible
that martial law may be proclaimed, al-
though the necessity for this has not yet
arisen.
The street railway company to-day in-
creased the number of its cars and opened
a new line, running throu the country
for nine miles. ‘Ihe road’s officials se-
cured to-day the release of three guards,
M. Cronk, L. R. Mitchell and H. B. Biggs,
all Northern men, who are accused of hav-
ing fired ona mob and wounded six per-
sons. Two were badly injured in the at-
tack on their car before they used their
weapons.

The attorney for the com in figs
mitting a motion for bail before e the ved
of the County Court, to-day, declared “that
the jail was “not fit for a dog to live in.”
He requested permission to examine it,
but it was refused.

Guards stil! surround the residence of
Ss. Huff, manager of the road, in the
suburbe, it being feared that an attempt
will be made to burn it.

The cases against George C. Winn and
R. J. Evans, strikers, were oontinued to-
day until July 6, and they were rel
in $100 bail each. The wounded soldiers,
John B. and Charles D. Easley of Lynch-
burg, are better to-day and will recover.
Motorman Warford of Baltimore, who was
also shot, is improving.

The citizena of both ends vf the town
are in terror of Den injured in their houses
by bullets. Mrs. kW Walsh, an aged

woman, was shot in ie hip while sitting on
her porch.

Farley, chief of the strike breakers, a
pisviileed i and fearless man, who is the
obj the intense hatred of the union
men and their friends, was deprived of his
weapons by the Henrico authorities taster
because of a warrant sworn out by A.
Harm charging that Farley had eiamaald

Business is suffering Beverely. “All mer-
chants who use the cara or allow their
employees to use them are being boycotted.
The head of the street car system locally is
Fritz Sitterding. He is a large dealer in
building supplies. A boycott is in force
against him and union carpenters refuse to
work for any contractor who buys materia!
from him.

The car company has prepared for a long
siege by building commodious quartera,
with kitchen and dining room, for its new
men, just outside the city.

There are now about a thousand soldiera
here, and the aggregate cost to the State
for their maintenance is $2,000 a day.

Many rioters were fined in the police
court to-day, among them three guarde
employed to protect the company’s prop-
erty, who were fined $50 each. ey
appealed.

GUESTS OF CHARLES M. SCHWAB.

Seventeen Girl Graduates to Have All
Their Hearts Can Wish for a Week.

ATLANTIC City, N. J., June 26.—Seven-
teen girls chaperoned by their teachera
arrived to-night to satay one week as the
guests of Charles M. Schwab, president
of the United States Steel Corporation.
The party came in his private car Loretto,
and are quartered at the Seaside. On
May 16 of this year, when Mr, Schwab oon-
tributed a $125,000 industrial institution
to the Homestead public schools, he prom-
ised to give the cooking class and Its teachers
an outing in Atlertie City.

This class entertained Mr. Schwab and
hia guests who attended the dedication
exercises with a luncheon. The steel mag-
nate reciprocated this kindness by bring-
ing the graduates to the seashore. The
party was driven to the hotel in open oar-
riages. Horses and carriages will be at
the disposal of the girle at all timee during
their stay. Drives, vachting, fishing, bath-
ing, dances and other entertainments
have been arranged.

The girls studied drawing, olay modelling,
sketching and draughting under Mies Law-
ton and cooking under Miss Austin. Both
teachers will take a trip abroad next sum-
mer, paid for by Mr. Schwab. The girls
entertained here are those who graduated
a week ago. They are Helen Bridgea,
Anna Moon, Prudence Specher, Beatrice
Posey, Rosella Welsh, Elizabeth Thomas,
Alice Ackard, Myrtle Gulbertson, Jessie
D. Law, Carrie Goen, Cora E. Soles, Har-
riet EF. Slocum, Lottie F. McCleery, Vida
Vanhorn, Carene Morton, Alice Carr, all of
Homestead and Florence D. Palmer of
Philadelphia The chaperones are Mira
Agnes Ji. Lawton of Wilkineburgn, Pa..
Mrs. Albert 8. Austin and Miss Grace N.
Austin of Det roit.

 

 

MOOERS ARRESTED.

She Says the Charge Was Trumped Up to
Hurt Her Sulit for Divores.

Mounr VERNCN, N. Y., June 26..-Dorothy
RB. Mooers, who says she is the wife of D.
Mooers, whom she is suing for divorce, wae
arrested and brought to this city this even-
ing on a charge of petit larceny. She waa
released in the custody of Attorney Wintara,
representing Cantwell & Moore, until next
Wednesday, when the case will come up fn
the Mount Vernon City Court.

Mrs. Mooers was arrested at the Hotel
Navarre, New York, where she has a suite
of rooms. Mrs. Lena G. Hill of 78 Dell
avenue, Chester Hill, made the technical
charge of larceny against Mra. Mooers
The warrant alleges tuat Mrs. Mooers
carried away a steamer trunk,a golf set
anda travelling ag, valued at $24,

Mra. Mooers came to Mount Vernon a
little over two months ago and took ‘board
with Mrs. Hill. The articles she is ac-
‘used of taking are said to have been left
by her at the boarding house when ehe
went away.

Mrs. Mooers told Detective Lynch that
the cha‘ge was false; that the property
she is accused of stealing belonged to her
and thit the charge was trumped up to
hurt hei: divor_e suit

VRS.

 

eieses