7

WEATHER FORECAST.

Rain, followed by clearing and colder
to-day ; to-morrow fair.

Highest temperature yesterday,

Detatiea

 

VOL. LXXXVI.—NO. 199,

 

——
—_——

 

weather reports on editorial page

 

55; lowest, 39.

 

    
  
  

a+¢4

LEAGUE MAKES U. S.
VASSAL OF BRITAIN,
WARNS COL. HARVEY

 

Form by Britons to Unload Em-
pire’s Burdens on America.

 

SAYS “DENIAL OF DEMOCRACY”

|
GIVES ENGLAND WORLD HEGEMONY

 

 

 

 

 

Asserts That This Country Is Being Made a
Catspaw and People Are Being Led Into
Quagmire—Pact Is Betrayal of Republic.

 

Special Despatch to Tur Sun.

INDIANAPOLIS, March 17.—Before one of the largest audiences
ever gathered in the Columbia Club, the most influential Republican Club
in Indiana, George Harvey, editor of Harvey's Weekly and the North Amert-
can Review, voiced to-night pronounced opposition to the participation of

 
 
       

!

BEER BREWERS

DECIDE TO FIGHT
DRY LAW TO END

Declares It Was Devised in Present! p14 of

Trade Acts on Ad.
vice of Root and Guthrie
to Battle in Courts.

|

 

‘MAY GET INJUNCTION

|Lawyers Deny Power of In-
ternal Revenue Bureau
to Set Alcohol Limit.

 

_PLAN TO KEEP BREWING

2.75 Per Cent. Product Is Aim
of Movement—Many Legal
Actions Probable.

the United States in the covenant for a Leéfte of Nations as framed at}

present.

Mr. Harvey's address on ‘Washington or Wilson” followed a banquet
attended by many prominent city and State Republicans.
seats from all parts of the State was so great that many applications had to |

be rejected. The affair was strictly Republican.

Auditors Applaud Speakers.
Outbursts

characterized the proposed covenant
as ‘‘the most un-American proposal
ever submitted to the American peo-
ple by an American President.”

It was apparent that many of those | Physician

in the audience were as sceptical of
the proposed plan for a League of
Nations as the speaker himself.

Gov. James I Goodrich, who in-
troduced Mr. Harvey, gave a recep-
tion for him in the afternoon, when
many leading Republicans met Mr.
Harvey.

Col. Harvey warned that under the
league the United States would be-
come in effect a vassal State of Great
Britain. He asserted that the league
in its present form would enable
Great Britain, with the aid of her
Dominions,
hegemony of the world.

He declared that the league as pro-
posed was purely a British creation,
created and framed for the express
purpose of shifting many of the em-
pire’s burdens to the shoulders of
the United States. He said that
President Wilson in champloning it
in its present form was acting as a
catspaw for Britain, which originated
every one but one of the President’s
fourteen points,

Two Great Voices in Protest,

Col. Harvey was introduced by Gov.
James P. Goodrich, who said:

“After the sinking of the Lusitania
and the revelation to the world of the
dastardly purpose of the Central Em-
pires America stood at the parting
of the ways. One path led to respect
and honor, the other to obloquy and
shame, one to the preservation of our
free institutions, the other to a
cowardly submission to the will of an
urrogant autocracy.

“When the national conscience was
deadened and its vision obscured by
the great profits

of applause met Mr. |
Harvey criticism of the Wilson pro- |
gramine, especially when the speaker |

FOR DR. WILKINS

Acused of Slaying ident’s proclamation of March 4 or in

|
le morning.

 

 

A

 

ANT OU

 

Wife at Long Beach
Disappears.

‘LATER WILL

 

|Unwitnessed Testament Said
to Leave Entire $65,000
Estate to Physician.

—_=

 

A warrant charging Dr. Walter K.! half per cent. beer.

The demand for |

 

 

| New York brewer$ decided yesterday
| of beer containing 2.75 per cent. of al-
cohol. They reached this conclusion,
| which means a stand up fight with the
| Commissioner of Internal Revenue, af-
| ter a conference of leading brewers at
‘the Lager Brewers’
at 109 East Fifteenth street.
| Their defiance of the Commissioner
| is based upon an opinion rendered to
'their Board of Trade by Elihu Root
}and William D. Guthrie, which holds
; in substance that nothing in the Pres-

the law of November 21, 1918, limits
non-intoxicating beverages to one-half

of 1 per cent. of alcohol, and that a ae the street railways the transporta- |

| heer containing 2.75 per cent. of alco-

hol can be proved to be non-intoxicat-|
| Was in a semi- lyz ‘
REPORTED) ing brewers may lawfully disregard | sem!-paralyzed state

| the interpretations placed by the Com-
| missioner upon proclamation and law.
{ Decision Means Legal Fight.

| This means a fight, as Mr. Root and
| Mr. Guthrie plainly state to their clients,
| but they advise the brewers to seek an
{Injunction against any attempt by the
|; Commissioner to confine them to one
In any event, the

| Wilkins with the murder of his wife | °'#anization, headed by Adolph G. Hup-

to seize and hold the/at their home in Long Beach on Feb-| fel. Jr., will contest straight through

ruary 27 was issued last night by Jus- the courts what it regards as the right

‘tice of the Peace Cassius Coleman of of. its members to save their business

Long Beach at the request of Charles
R. Weeks, District Attorney of Nas-
sau county.

from ruin.
It may be that the very name “beer”

; Will be discarded, and that bottles or

| other containers of the amber fluid will |
The warrant has not been served for hereafter be labelled ‘malt beverage,
the very good reason that neither Mr.| non-intoxicating,” though the 2.75 per face the fact to-day that with the rai{i-

to continue the manufacture and sale

 

 

————— ND SN en

 
  

Prince Lichnowsky May
Be German Envoy Here

 

STOCKHOLM, March 17.—The

Berlin correspondent of the
Svenska Dagbladet mentions
Prince Charles Max Lichnowsky,
German. Ambassador to Great
Britain at the outbreak of the
war, as the probable Ambassador
to the United States after peace
has been concluded.

|

 

 
 

 

Prince Lichnowsky created a
sensation in 1918, when in a long
article he blamed Germany for
having started the world war, and
asserted that Great Britain did
everything ssible to avert
hostilities. 8 a result of this
the Prussian House of Lords ex-
pelled him from membership in
that body. Recently it was re-
ported that Prince Lichnowsky
would head the German delega-
tion to the Peace Conference.

URGED

 
 
  

 
 

|

       
      
 

|

     
 
   

ENGLAN

 

 

| TO TAKE ROADS;

Geddes Says Unified Control |
‘

Will Prevent Financial
Disaster in Rails.

 

i\CHECK ON LABOR ASKED

Board of Trade| Lines Costing $100,000,000

| Yearly Return Virtually
No Income.

t
'

 

| Lonpon, March 17.—Sir Eric Geddes,
| Minister .withott portfolio, in introduc-

jing in the House of Commons to-day a |

j ball to establish a Ministry of Trans-

| Portation said that with the exception
j tion system of the country financially

Only the municipal street railways
were prosperous, Before the war rail-
| way capital returned 4.2 per cent.; to-
| day there was a loss of from 2 to 3 per
| cent. Before the war canals were
| earning 1% per cent., whilé to-day
they were worked at a loss and were

heavily subsidized.
| Roads which cost the country $100,-
/ 000,000 a year were earning practi-
l cally no income, while harbors and
| docks were earning 3 per cent.

Strain Proves Too Much.

The transportation Systems were
| Payalcally ell equipped to meet the
| strain of the demands made upon them,

partly owing to lack of men and capi-
‘tal during the war. The country had to

Weeks nor the Nassau authorities have | cent. will be there just the same. Many | Ways there would be a joss of more
been able to obtain any trace of the; °f the members favored dropping the | than $1,250,000 daily, while the Govern-

a af 'ment was pledged to continue its guar-
accused physician since 11 o'clock Sun-| 2e8cmPtive term “beer” and substituting g

Wilkins telephoned to Mr.
home at Port Washington and said he

home.

learn that is the last that has been
seen of him in his usual haunts.
Wilkins has been
the slayer of his wife from the moment
District Attorney Weeks entered
case. The prosecutor said he
lieved from the very first the physician's

who attacked them as they entered the
-Long Beach house late at night upon
their arrival back from Dr. Wilkina's of-

we were making | fice in Manhattan, which is at 164 West

out of the sufferings of a war swept | sixty-ffth street.

continent, when our ears were dull
to the cries of the millions who died
for freedom'’s cause, and our eyes

General Alarm Sent Out.

Dr. Wilkins's failure to appear at the
Weeks home Sunday and the inability

blind to the dangers that threatened jof the District Attorney's detectives to
our own land, two voices rose, clear | find him throughout all of yesterday and
as a bugle amidst the wilderness of | '@8t Night, although they sought him fe- |

doubt and uncertainty that marked
‘he country, calling the nation to its
high destiny and demanding that we
vease to stand idly and see the free
nations of the earth crushed beneath
the iron heel of the oppressor.

“The one has fought his last fight,
lias finished his course and it was the
crowning glory of his life that the
nation heard the call and demon-
strated to the world that it still pos-
-essed the courage ang patytism of
the great men who established it.

Great Peace Time Issues.

“The other is our guest of the eve-
ning, the game voice that called us
to arms in time of war is calling us to
i duty In time of peace. The same
clear vision that saw the danger in
1914 and 1915 from the aggressions
of the Prussian autocracy now sees
the more subtle danger that lurks
behind the insiduous propaganda of

verishly and with the knowledge that the
District Attorney was about to apply for
the warrant, did not disturb Mr. Weeks.
The District Attorney said last night
that he already had caused a general
alarm to be sent out for the missing phy-
siclan and that he was certain Wilkins
could not remain out of custody for a
week. He said he had every reason to
believe the man,would be arrested and
locked up within forty-eight hours, if
not even sooner than that.

The warrant for Dr. Wilkins’s arrest

At that hour, District;
Attorney Weeks said last night, Dr.!

Weeks's |

was about to start for the Long Island. business.
Railroad station in Flatbush avenue,|and court actions supplementing the | [€4 control was necessary. There must
Brooklyn, for the District Attorney's; suit which has been begun by the Ever-
He hung up the receiver when | 4rd interests.
Mr. Weeks agreed to see him, and so/4@y that they have recefved so many
far as Mr. Weeks has been able to | Communications from civic associations

curate term.

The decision is another step in the
| programme of the brewers to fight to the
last ditch for the preservation of their
It will produce complications

The brewers sald yester-

j} and from returning soldiers as to indi-

| cate a definite public opinion in favor of

| a liberal interpretation of the President's

under suspicion as)

the |

disbe- | The opinion submitted by

proclamatisn and of the act of 1918.

Text of Lawyers’ Opinion,

Mr. Root

{and Mr, Guthrie is as follows:
story that his wife was slain by burglars .

“In compliance with your request we

| have considered the question of the legal

| exceed 2.75 per
| weight, or 3.3 per cent. by volume, under
!

right of brewers to manufacture and
cause to be removed for sale and con-
sumption malt liquors containing not to
cent. of alcohol by

the acts of Congress of August 10, 1917,
and November 21, 1918, and in view of
the proclamations of the President dated

| January 30 and March 4, 1919, respec-

(
|
{
|
|
|
{
|

tively, and the internal revenue regu-
lations issued as of February 6 and
March 13 respectively.

“You instruct us that we may /

assume as a matter of fact that malt
liquors which contain not to exceed ‘2.75
per cent. of alcoho! by weight, or 3.3 per
cent. by volume, are not
and that this can be established by the
evidence of experts and.other competent
witnesses.

“There is no provision in the act of
| Congress of November 21, 1918, or in
the act of August 10, 1917, which au-

' thorizes the exevutive officer of the Goy- !

was issued after a long discussion of the |
evidence in the possession of the District ¢

Attorney when he laid that evidence be-
fore Justice of the Peace Coleman. After
he had the warrant the District Attorney
said he had asked for it as the result of
“strong circumstantial and other evi-
dence which I have obtained.”

The District Attorney's decision to ask
for the warrant, it was learned, was pre-
cipitated when he learned definitely of
the existence of a will signed, or purport-
ing to be signed, by Mrs. Wilkins.
will, it was said, makes Dr. Wilkins the

That |

chief beneficiary, thus nullifying a pre- |

vious will which left the bulk of her $65,-

000 estate to the German Hospital, That |

earlier will, however,

those who would have us depart from/the marriage of Mrs. Wilkins to the
the principles that have guided us physician who now is accused of killing

for nearly 150 years, surrender our
national sovereignty and embark on
the uncertain sea of European poli-
tices, sees the danger to our institu-
tions from the deadening influences
of Government ownership of our
means of transportation and commu-
nication, sees the danger to our free
instituilons from the propaganda of
the Socialist and the Bolshevist, and
seeing all this is giving to the ser-
vice of the nation all the great power
and influence he possesses.

“Because of the sincerity of his

clinches

'

 

| names of witnesses.

|

Will Cited as a Motive.

Weeks believes the new will

the motive for the crime which
he has been trying to build up. A
curjous feature of the new will, however,
is that although it is signed, supposedly
by Mrs. Wilkins, it does not bear the
The D strict Attor-
ney's efforts now are being directed to-
ward finding some one who saw the will
signed or who knows the circumstances
in which it was signed,

Louis G. Friess, a lawyer with offices
at 1 Liberty street, who has been repre-
senting Dr. Wilkins since the physician
has been suspected in connection with
the death of his wife,’ when asked yes-
terday as to the whereabouts of his client

Dr.

purpose, the intensity of his patriot-: gaia:

ism, the courage of his conviction
and the integrity of his ways we are

 

Continued on Sixth Page.

} .

“You will have to ask District Attor-
ney Weeks that, and Mr. Weeks also will!

have to be authority for the assurance

Continued on Third Page,

Ls

was made before |

 

ernment to determine what malt liquors

| are in fact intoxicating, nor to prescribe

any fixed test or standard for determin-
ing when malt beverages shall be deamead
intoxicating.

Authorization for Use

“We are of opinion
lamationa of the President dated Jan-
uary 30 and March 4, 1919, authorize
the use of grain and other food products

of Grain,

that the proc-

in the production of malt liquors which ;

are not in fact intoxicating and that the
act of November 21, 1918, does not apply
to non-intoxicating beers.

“In the regulation issued by the Com-

 

Continued on Third Page,

Returned Soldier Tells
How Smokes Help in War

ERGEANT STEWART I,

EVANS, who lost his right
arm in the Vesle River battle,
called on THE SUN Tobacco
Fund to tell how the timely dis-
tributions of tobacco helped the
soldiers in critical times. His
story of the help the fund gave

the boys may be read on page 7,

The grant total of the fund is
now $430,959.97, and this week
it is expected to reach the $450,-
000 mark.

WARNING! THE ‘SUN To.
BACCO FUND has no connection
with any other fund, organiza-
tion or publication. It employs
no agents or solicitors,

intoxicating, |

for it what they consider a more ace; 2ntees for two years.

| If transportation was not to continue

to run at the cost of the taxpayer, there |

}must be a real transportation policy,

{and the Government had come to the,

jconclusion that some measure of uni-

| be some body which should be responsi- |

ble for the transportation policy. It
, Was only the Government, the Minister
| declared, which could take over the po-

| sition.
In the present conditions, said the
; Minister, it would be criminal to per-

mit the old system of competition. One
| block of capital must do the work, and
{not two in competition. This would be
la cold
take
The Government must in some form
or other have a say in the conditions
under which labor worked and with re-
gard to the discipline to be expected in

bath which the country must

at once and make possible an economic
balance, which was impossible in the
present condition of things.

Plan to End Empty Haulage.

To get rid of empty haulage, contin-
ued Sir Eric, the Government would take
over the power to acquire privately
owned cars on the railways, which con-
; Stituted almost half the cars employed.
; During the next two years the same or-
ganization would be continued that ex-
isted during the war, but thereafter
there was certain to be some central! con-
troi—commissions on which the Govern- |
iment and labor would be represented. |

It would also be necessary to have a
,central control over docks and canals,

Nationalization of railways might care
for the present conditions- did not!
know He looked upon nationalization |
{as a means to an end which might have
tope adopted grally.

he

HOLLWEG WARNED KAISER,

 

Ex-Chancellor Denies

Concealing
Danger of Opposing Entente.

COPENHAGEN, March 17,-—-Dr. von}
Bethmann-Hollweg, former German Im- }
perial ‘Chancellor, in defending himeelf |
against the accusation of Herr Schiel- |
mann, the foreign editor of the Berlin |
Kreuz Zeitung, that he concealed secret |
documents from Emperor William, de- |
clares his reports and those of the For- |
elgn Secretary always described the sit- |

|

uation to the Emperor as it appeared
from the entire material at their dis-
posal, The Berlin despatch which car- |
ries this etatement from the ex-Chan- |
cellor quotes him as adding: |
“At no time was the Emperor left |
in doubt regarding the danger of oppos- |
ing the Entente, and every year the |
|

increasing gravity of the situation was
impressed upon him,”

| ALLIES GET 150,000 CARS, |

Germany Completes Railway Terms |
Set by Armistice, ]

By the Associated Preas,

3eRLIN, March 15 (delayed) The |
Tages Zeitung says it is informed that |
Germany has completed the delivery to |
the Allies of 5,000 locomotives and 150,-
900 cars as provided for in the ar-
mietice, i

The value of the rolling stock, It {s 1
sald, is $750,000,000. The Prussian rail- |
ways furnished three-fourths of the!
[Jocemetives and care,

-

 

 

 

 
  
         
       

      
 

 
    

BASES ON RHINE

    
 

‘French Advance to Frank.

| fort and Oceupy Bridge TREASURY ASKS
oe __ URGENT FUNDS

Secreary’s Appeal Believed to
Offer Chance for Calling
Extra Session.

 

‘CLOSED TO ALL TRAFFIC

British Advance in West-|
| phalia, Entering Rein- |
| scheid and Kronenburg,

 

 

 

OTHER BUREAUS SUFFER

 

 

!
MAKES COLOGNE SAFER

 

Soldiers’ Dependents May
Become Delinquent.

of Mainz Accomplished

a Widening of Arca East
Without Any Warning. |

Special Despatch to Tar Suv.

‘

 

. |many Indications in
By the Associated Press,

day that President Wilson might
Ber.tn, March 15 (delayed).—British |.
/ . hange hi da 1 traordi-
{and French forces, according to re- | 2>8@ his mind and call an extraord

|ports received here, have advanced | "°° aeeaton of the Sixty-sixth Con-
j y {gress much earlier than generally ex-
| their outposts from the limits of their | ’
} ;pected in the face of his statement
{Present bridgeheads at Cologne and r ¢
Mainz respectively. The French are upon leaving the United States that
i og? there would be no extra session until
Teported to have penetrated into the | is rotark
corporate limits of Frankfort. j s
A special despatch from Frankfort | Secretary of the Treasury Glass has
to the Norddeutsche Allgemeine Zeit. | directed the President's attention to
ung says that the French in advanc- wane _ werseeeey Weerae oe ee
ing to Frankfort have occupied the rious situation in his own Department
|Ridda bridge acrozs the Main in the jand other branches of the Government
| Western part of the suburb of Rodel- ieagintenice oo ee ad ae
n the last Congress and
cn. Toe er enon er ee te seve lot funds to carry forward imperative
| posted notices saying that the passage | 5 :
was closed to all traffic | Government work at this time.
Another report says that the authori- | Mr. Glass made it plain ven 08 aia
tles of Remscheid, northeast of Cologne, | not recommend calling an early te
j and Kronenburg, northwest of Remscheid, | 5°88!0n. and stated SREENNEY aa :
have forwarded a protest to the German suggested no date for such a session.
Government at Weimar and also to the |e did, he said, place before the Presi-
German armistice commission against 7°nt the situation as it exists to-day
| the occupancy of the towns by British | with respect to the war risk insurance
| forces ; i {bureau and other Government organiza-
! F |tions that it is believed was not com-
| prehended by the President when he is-
Saturday a despatch from its corre- | Sued his flat of no extra session until he
spondent with the British army to the, brought back the peace treaty inter-
, effect that acute unrest prevailed in the , woven with the League of Nations cove-
‘whole Westphalian industrial region, nant.
The correspondent said {t probably Reconsideration Likely.
would be necessary to enlarge the Brit- |
i There were suggestions in other offi-
i oreueer tae ee et my ¢} cial quarters that it might be desirable
Pele G One Rae eT POPERIE Tag the session ahead of recent an-
railway centres in Germany, has a popu- ;
lation of about 300,000. The city te just | Ucipations. While no official statement
‘east of the French bridgehead centrea | ¥99 made in any quarter of a divect eug-
on Maing | gestion or recommendation to the Presti-
Remscheta and Kronenburg are in the Goat. there werereroad: hinte: that the
* ir » den
Westphalian industrial district, between | matter wan: betore:. the «resident and

that a reconsideration was Ikely.
5 » ? ) , '
Elberfeld and Dusseldorf. They are just This raised the question of the legal-
a few miles outside the limits of the

, : tit 1 wers of the
British bridgehead, ty op the constitutional ‘po

le = J President to convene Congress in extra
PRUSSIA TO OUST : vwssion in a message from across the At-
BUREAUCRAT RING

lantic. It was pointed out that it had
Conservatives Urge President

| The Daily Mait of London printed on

had succesefully carried on all the func-
tions of his office while out of the coun-
wy,

In some quarters hone was expressed

 

Danger That Remittances to

Wasxincron, March 17.—There were |
Washington to- |

GET SENATE
‘GLASS OPENS THE WAY FOR
TOCURBENEMY SPECIAL CONGRESS SESSION

 

«

Peace Pact to Germany
Does Not Include League

ONDON, March 17.—Andrew
Bonar Law, Government
leader in the House of Commons,
told that body to-day that to the

|| best of his belief there was no
foundation for the report that a

\{ hitch had occurred in the pre-
sentation to Germany of the draft
of the peace terms, because of
divergencies of opinion on the
subject of the League of Nations.
Mr. Bonar Law made this
statement in replying to a ques-
tion by H. W. Bottomley, mem-
ber for South Hackney, who
wanted an assurance “that the
terms agreed upon by all the
representatives at the conference
prior to President Wilson’s re-
turn” would be communicated at

FEAR
GERMANY IN AIR

  
   
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
    
   
 
 

 

  

French Experts Favor Ban or
Strict Limitation on Her
Commercial Aviation.

They Say Civilian Planes Can
Be Changed Easily Into
War Weapons.

Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sus from the
London Times Service.
Copyright, 199; all rights reserved.

Paris, March 17.—Andre and Edouard
Michelin discussing in La Liberte the
aerial clauses of the peace treaty es-
tablish a good case, if not for the total
suppression of commercial aviation in
Germany, at any rate its strict limita-
tions. It is known that aerial clauses
in the peace treaty forbid Germany to
have any military aviation at all.

The Michelins, who have played a
great part in the development of
French aviation in the war, declare
that there is only one difference be-
tween a bombardment plane and com-
mercial machine; that is that the com-
mercial plane has no bomb throwing
machinery.
the French Government with the duty
of studying all bomb throwing appli-
ances, and they submit the conclusions
given below.

At the present moment a bomb dis- |

charger can be fitted within an hour

They were entrusted byy
|

 

SEE DANGER OF ae
'
|

bad news for some interests, but it was.

trade unions) The State must step in|

‘example

| raised,
| day

been demonstrated that the President
to Rule New State.

 

By the Associated Preas,

Beruix, March 15 (delayed).—The
Prussian Government has begun a gen-
eral housecleaning among higher
bureaucrats left over from the former
regime who are charged with indulging
in @ policy of obstruction and even out-
spoken hostility to the measures of the
present Government.

A start was made this week with Hetr
| Lobell, former Prussian Minister of the
Interfor, and George Michaelis, former |
Chancellor. The official axe is hanging |
lover the political necks of scores of |
; privy councillors and department direc- |

|

the

tors who fancied themselves indispensa-
ble In the bureaucratic regime. |

During the debate to-day in the Cham- |
ber of the new Prussian Diet over the |
(question of a provisional constitution |
| for Prussia, a Conservative speaker ar- |
| gued in favor of providing for the office |
of President of Prussia in the new docu- |
ment This was objected to, however, |
by Paul Hirsch, the head of the present
Cabinet, on the ground that to create a
state executive would set an unfortunate
to the other federated states
and likewise would be interpreted as an
attempt to create a substitute for a
monarch,

The Assembly postponed a vote on the
demand of the Independent Socialists
that the state of siege in Berlin be
The vote will be taken on Mon-

The party lineup in the new Diet
bas not vet been determined. The pres-

ent indications point to a working bloc |
of the Majority Socialists and Demo- |
|erats, who jointly have a majoritv. of |

nineteen in the body Herr Hirsch, the

Minister of the Interior and temporary
head of the Government, and Albert }
Suedekum, the Minister of Finance, are |
mentioned as candidates for the Pre-

° . : t
miership of the new Cabinet,

More than a score of members of the
Diet were unable to reach Rerlin in
time for the opening sessions because
of transportation difficulties,

A cordon of steel helmeted troops was
thrown around the Diet buildings to
protect the opening session, Only hold-
ers of credentials which had been|
minutely examined, were permitted to!
pass, after having been carefully
searched for weapons This applied
even to the women delegates

What
was once the defiant citadel of Prussian

reactionaries’ has been converted into
a democratic Parliament,

There was a keen discussion in the
House over civil war in Germany. The

Socialists proposed a parliamentary in
vestigation, but this was negatived by
the Minister of Justice, who later an-
nounced that the damage done to the}
Berlin police headquarters amounted to
20,000,000 marks

One of the delegates made a speech
in favor of the Hohenzollerns and pro-
posed that Prussia should restore the
monarchy. The Soctalists protested,

| but the greater part of the clvil parties

applauded the speech,

The Independent Socialists demanded
the confiseatio, of the priyate fortunes
of the fornier Emperor and his family.

Two Killed in Spanish Riots,
Sevirue, Spain, March 17
sons were killed and several wounded
in riots here Sunday. Volice and Radi- |
cals exchanged shots, i

Two per-

| “frameup.”

}as failure to might 80 arouse public indig- |

‘cess of the coming effort to float $5,000,-
/ 000,000 in notes,

} tion of $750,000,000 is the

| part of the Department of Labor, already \ communique

upon any civilian airplane, thus militariz-
img it. They draw a Picture whereby
Germany in one night by mobilizing all}
jher civilian airplanes and fitting them |
| with dischargers and bombs could send |
lan enormous fleet over Brussels, London
‘and Paris and over arsenals and

o-day that the President would be able
to finish his work in France earlier than
had been anticipated, but there was
much more than this in the general in-
dications of a comparatively early call to
the Congress.

 

the

 

lt was recalled that just jhas been accomplished by Handley-
before the President sailed he sought to| Pages and Goliaths, and point out that
put responsibility for all failures of}! France already possesses a bomb weigh- |
legislation on Congress though many im-|ing half a ton against which armored
portant bills had not exen been reported in| Ships and arsenals would be powerless.
the Senate or hearings held on them in| They point out that they are only taking
committee twenty-four hours before the| What actually has been accomplished as
end of Congress. At that time the Presi-|@ basis for their arguments and urge
dent asserted it was impossible for Con-|that at any rate for fifteen or twenty
gress to be In session while he was away | Years Germany must not be allowed the
and that a “higher duty” called him to/ Possibility of building a single airplane |
France depite the fact that the entire} 9° dirigible. |
regular session lasting more than three! 1% 18 understood that although the pre-
months got along for all but a few days} !!minary peace treaty will deal with eco- |
of its life without the President being nomic relations with enemy will leave |
}
{

 

in the United States during the transition period, it will leave

+ | the final ace treaty o¢ ation
After making such a farewell state- | f° tf f fi lal pe a treaty consideratio
‘ . e future of Germany's cor rele
ment Republicans pointed out to-day of the future vermany’s commercial
even the President would need some new | 4Viation

Paris, March 17.—The Supreme Coun-
cil to-day appointed a |
Aeronautics, The American members
of the commission will be Rear Admiral |
Knapp and Brig Mason |

|

reason for calling a special session, and!
the Glass letter is looked upon as fur-}
nishing it if the President intends to
take advantage of it. In fact, there is
little doubt that the President willl do so, |

Commission on

-Gen

| Harry 8

the suc- | M

nation as to seriously menace

Patrick The council mamed Bel-
&ium, Greece, Portugal, Brazil, Cuba and

Rumania to represent the small nations,

 

Bilt Chief Concern,

As a result of gre President refusing | LAROR .PROBLRS& TAK EMa’P.

to call a special ssion many measures!

Ratlway

,of the utmost importance have been held |

. Sub-Committee Handles Questions
up indefinitety. The railroad appropria- t
item of chief

(Government op-

 

for Peace Conference,
eoncern, although many } Paris, March 17.—At to-day's session |

 

 

‘rt av a been seriously ‘

erations have already been Bi “jot the Commission on International
lampered as a result of the President 8 | : , :

attitude, notably the United States Iem-]|!-abor Legislation of the Peace Confer-
ployment. Service The organizat.on, ajence the commission, sas the official

“discussed the difficulties
raised as to the application of labor eon-
ventions of

has been forced to reduce its workers by
about four-fifths, because the deficiency
bill failed to pass ' : at
The sundry civil bill, the bill approprt- oO remit the
ating $100,000.000 for the development | Gestion ta a small sub-committee which
of arid and swamp lands for returned | would report with the least possible de- |
soldiers and sailors, the army appropria- | lay.
tion bill, the navy bill and many others "The committee,” the statement adds,
urgently needing legislative action have] “then proceeded to examine seriatim the
been held up. labor clauses presented for inclusion in
The War Risk Insurance Bureau, | the treaty of peace.”
which is an organization of potent po-
litieal effect through the fact that it is}

eertain States with
constitutions,

Federal |
and decided

    

the Government agency paying allow | CONCRETE FREIGHT CAR READY
ances, annuities and insurance claims —_——

to soldiers and their dependents to the; First of New Type Delivered to
number of many millions, threatens to Illinois Central. {
become seriously crippled in its admin- |
istrative work for lack of funds CuHicaco, March 17.-—The first reen- |

The organization’ is beng cut down | forced concrete freight car ever builts
and many clerks and stenographers let | Was delivered go-day to the Ulinois Cen-
out because of lack of funds to pay|tral Railroad for operation in its coal
them. service,

Secretary Glass has appealed to the| The car was designed war de-
President for $3,000,000 of the Presi-|!™ands made steel for commercial uses
dent's special contingent fund of $100,- almost unobtainable
000,000 to meet war emergencies. | The car is light, its wa being one

Unless funds are speedily found to, nd a half inches thiek and the Noor two

and a half inches
tested for

thicl? Tt
Aa capactity

meet the payroll the work of tlie bureau has been
will be greatly hampered In addition
to this available funds will cover the |
Government allowances to dependents of v.
men in the service only until May. After | Wasuineton, March 17 A new credit
that they will fall into arrears, leaving of $2,410,000 was piven Belgium to-day
dependents without remittances, by the Treasury. i

‘ .

of

160,000 pounds

S, Gives Belgium 2,410,000,

SS SSEnSSSSaSuananeeoeeaeeanseeneneneeeeenensas aaa eee eee

RICE TWO CENTS.

So ea Seeaeaaee eee

IEW;

 

 

Allied Delegates Hear That
Couriers Will Bring Real
| League Sentiment.

 

‘PRESS NEWS CENSORED

ina

‘Articles Carefully Avoid

| Any Criticism of Plan

|

Proposed by Wilson.

| TREATY WILL BE RUSHED

| eciahtnactesigimassiiee

‘Little
| for Actual American View

Opportunity Remains

to be Learned in Paris,

 

Staff Correspondent of Tue Sun,
Copyright, 1919; all rights reserved,

Paris, March 17.—Great interest
has been aroused here by the re-
ported plan to send couriers from
America to supply conference circles
with information concerning the true
state of public sentiment in Amertea
regarding the League of Nations
project.

In this connection it might be noted
that the special cable despatches to
the French press from America bear
marks of censorship. This has been
going on for some time. The press
here Is significantly devoid of eriti-
cism of the President or of the league
plan.

There was an article yesterday in
the democratic Nourelle by Andre
Cheradame insisting that the Amert-
can committee did not reflect the
American viewpoint. It was appar-
ent that many paragraphs in the ar-
ticle had been e¢iiminated,

Admittedly it would be difficult for
the American couriers if sent here
to achieve their object save by per-
sonal interviews. The President's
friends have insisted that
even if there were a committee of
Senators here they *would have no
official status and would meet with
embarrassment, which they did not
believe the Senators would be willing
{0 subject themselves to,

always

If the President's plan goes through
there would be but little time for
American feeling to fiid expression,
as the pact after getting Its finishing
touches this week will be jammed
into the preliminary treaty as an ap-
pendix for the Germans to sign by
April 1. There doubt now
as fo whether the plenary session will
be allowed to on it before it
goes to Germany,

The President at a meeting of the

is even

pass

Suggestive of “Frameup,.” | mobilization centres American economie experts held to-
At the Capitol the Glass letter ts | To‘show that such a picture is not ex- lay approved their stand for com-
,looked upon as a trifle suggestive of a) aggerated they refer to what already

plete economic freedom after the war
and opposed any suggestion of I{mlt-
ing German exports,

PRESIDENT ATTENDS
SUPREME COUNCIL

Military, Naval and Air Prob-
lems Considered.

Ry the Associated Press.

Panis, March 17.—The Supreme War
Council resumed its sessions to-day, with
President Wilson in attendance for th:
first time since he returned from. the
United States, It was a distinguished
fesemblage of civilian and = miltars

chiefs, with Marshal Foch. Pie ld Marsha

 

  

 

 

Haig, Gen.Diaz and British, French and
American Admirals, as well as President
Wilson; the Premiers and foreign Min-
istere of the five great Powers with
military and naval experts Dearing war
Maps and a diagram of and the actual
draft of the military, naval and aertal
articles of the pence treaty, tn atten
; dance

It was tl draft whi the YY
considered and adopted e al
though a number of details ill rem
opén President Wilson ag 1 to t
those features of the “ : Se
retaty of State Lansing and 1. EM
House had accepted saior
These include a genera } f CO
Nan disarmament down to 100 Wy
recruited by tl Volur r te fo

(twelve years, and a mit noo 1
munitions ind othe :,
gether with similar naval 1 uerial d
armament

Some of the rese } s, involyt!yr
questions of pri ! Né the matin

|} 6ubjects of discussion during the pro
longed session The council! also dis-

} cussed the Polish situation, us se the
basis of discussion repor ‘ om
Mission sent to Warsa\

Points which were int luce toe
day's session, but \\ no ag ment
Was reached, pro; e th for-
Utleations of th Wiel Canal and We
golund and the disposition ft Giere
nan warship

An offictal tatement ermarding t
Supreme Council sea ! i

“The Supreme War il met tae
dav fron Ss to 7:3 i M, and dise
cussed the milita 44 ind a !
terms to he posed on ci At
the « a af ¥ neve
of views took place on th ituation
in Poland as de rec t intere
allied

“Tt! ext ' Z ike ive
o Wednes i

.

\ dra fg 7 ep
final report f
ponsib
1 the « i ‘

re erob ‘ |

veferred to the | ‘ { ene’

Vhe ot nh e drafting m
glou M Rott ‘ winy) of

   

  

   
     
  
  
 
   
    
    
    
   
    
   

 

 

ee

Ey

a en ae aa ei ll cae i sat anil ses cibe AS ba

     
 
 
      
       
      
         
               
          
         
      
     
      
      
        
    

es