or

WEATHER FORECAST.

Fair to-day and probably to-morrow;
warmer to-morrow; light variable winds

Highest temperature yesterday, 78; lowest, 68
Detatied weather reports on last page.

———

VOL. LXXXV.—NO. 338.

ALLIES GAIN SIX MILES C

 

 

$444

 

 

IT SHINES FOR ALL

 

NEW YORK, SUNDAY, AUGUST 4,

 

 

 

1918 —Copyright, 1918, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association. '

,

 

 

 

N WHOLE FRONT.

 

68 PAGES. PRICE FIVE CENTS [| osu
|

AMERICANS REACH OUTSKIRTS OF FISMES;
MORE THAN 50 VILLAGES REGAINED IN DAY;

 

CITY'S BIGGEST
HOTELS IN NET
OF FOOD BOARD

Plaza, MeAlpin, Imperial
and St. Regis Penalized
for Sugar Evasions.

 

 

LICENSES ARE SUSPENDED
One Company Must Contribute
$10,000 to Red Cross
and Y. M. C. A.

 

The lederal Food Board of New York
announced yesterday the approval by
the Federal Food Administration at
Washington of the following penalties
recommended by John Mitchell, chair-
man of the board, and Arthur Williams,
Federal Food Administrator for this city,
{n the case of hotel and restaurant
Managements adjudged guilty of violat-
ing Food Administration rdgulations by
having in their possession supplies of
®ugar in excess’of the amounts permitted
under the rules;

The Greeley Square Hotel Company,
operating the Hotel McAlpin, Broadway
and Thirty-fourth street; the Hotel Cla-
ridge, Broadway and Forty-fourth street ;
the Restaurant Savarin in the Equitable
Building, 120 Broadway, and the Fifth
Avenue Restaurant in the Fifth Avenue
Bullding. 200 Fifth avenue—the suspen-
gion of its candy manufacturing license
and the contribution of $10,000 to be
equally divided between the American
Red Cross and the Young Men’s Chris-
tion Association's war funds.

Tw Hotel Imperial, Brondway and
Bhitty-second street—the closing of “its
gWiic cating places” (the hotel dining
réoms), for a period of two days begin-

ning 12 o'clock to-night. The hotel,
however, will be permitted to serve
ineals to its employees and tenants.

The restriction is to public service only.
Guests may be served in their rooms.
In addition the Imperial must post a
sign in a conspicuous place admitting
violation of the Food Administration
regulations and promising not to offend
again,

Vlaza and St. Regis Affected.

Hotel St. Regis, Fifth avenue and
lifty-fifth street—The suspension of its

DRAFT AGES 18
1045; TAKES IN
17,000,000 MEN

Secretary Baker’s Bill Goes
to Both Houses of Con-
gress To-morrow.

 

LAST CALL TO BE 18 TO 21

Will Put All at Useful Work,
but the Plan Is Not fo
Conscript Labor.

 

&pecial Despatch to Tus Sun.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.—Extension of
the draft ages to cover all men from 18
to 45 years of age is called for in the
new man power programme of the War
Department. The War Department
plans have been perfected and were an-
nounced by Secretary Baker to-day.

The bill to extend the ages will be in-
troduced in both houses of Congtess
Monday. It has been presented to Chair-
man Chamberlain (Ore.) of the Senate
Military Committee, and Chairman Dent
(Ala.) of the House Committee. Sen-

ator Chamberlain will back the measure; Workmen's Union

over, he let it be known to-day, from
his former opposition to lowering the
draft age below 21.

Secretary Baker's new age limits are
identical with those proposed in the
resolution of Senator Fall (N. M.) in-
troduced in June, which stirred up such
a debate in the Senate and which, de-
spite the support of Republicans, was
tabled at the urgent request of Mr,
Baker and Gen. March, who asked for
more time in which to consider the mat-
ter.

Would Add Millions of Men.

The new plan if approved by Con-
&rees will mean registration for military
or industrial purposes of many addi-
tional millions of America's manhood.
On the basis of the 21 to 31 registration

the number of additional men to be reg-

|
,
|
Representative Dent has been won

 

|
|

|

| istered would be around 17,000,000, but! its Rolshevik vassal.

 

  

Hindenburg Admits His
Strategic Plans Failed

(COPENHAGEN, Aug. 3.—Field

Marshal von Hindenburg and
Gen. Ludendorff received the
German correspondents, accord-
ing to advices reaching here, and
openly admitted that this time
their strategic plans had failed.
They asserted, however, that the
Germans were still masters of
the situation and that the ter-
ritories given to the enemy were
thus disposed of according to
plans. ,

If the battles were on Ger-
man territory, they explained, it
would be painful to give up vil-
lages, but the progress of the
enemy, they declared, was with-
out importance and would not
affect the result of the world
war.

Von Hindenburg said that the
German soldiers would become
just as easily accustomed to the
Americans as they did to the
black soldiers.

 

 

AUSTRIA NEAR
STARVING POINT

 

Declares
Food Situation Has Become
“Absolutely Untenable.”’

HUNGER MALADIES GROW

 

Reports From Ukraine Indi-
caté Great Religious Uprising
Against Prussian Dictation.

Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sex.

Copyright, 1918; all rights reserved.
LONDON, Aug. 3.-~-The grim spectre of
Starvation !s raising its head tn chal-
lenge to Prussian militarism, threaten-
Ing not only its Austrian ally but also
Ata meeting held

jthis does not allow for the increased] in Vienna by delegates from the Work-

mortality as the ages advance.
War Department has made any

If the| men’s Union from all parts of Auetria
esti-} to discuss

the food problem, says a

    
     
       
   
     
  

  
 
   
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
     

WILSON LIMITS
SIBERIA ACTION
TO SMALL FORGE,

|
| jill Send Only Few Thous-
and Troops to Guard Sup-

plies and Aid Czechs.

|

JAPAN TO DO LIKEWISE)
|
Military Intervention Declared |
| to Be Unwise and Injur-
ious to Russia.

 

 

|
Special Despatch to Tur Svs |
WasHINGTON, Aug. 3.—The Admints-|
tration’s long awaited announcement of |
its plan of action regarding Russia |
was made to-day, |
As has been forecast repeatedly tn
Tue Swn, the plan calls for no military
intervention in the sense which military
intervention is generally understood.
But it does call for the sending of small
American military forces to Siberia to
cooperate with the Japanese in occupy-
ing Vladivostok and in protecting the
communications or the Czecho-Slovak
force now moving westward and in ald-
ing the Russian people to conduct their
defense,

a

Mr. Polk's Statement,

A statement made by Frank L, Poik
as acting Secretary of State makes it
plain that America is against the idea
of making Russia a future battleground
until the Russians themselves so elect.
This js in etrict acoord with the view
which the President has taken from}
the very Inception of the problem and
held to persistently during the negotla-
Yona with foreign Governments

In the statement which is America’s |
| Proclamation both to the Russian people |
| Geer to the world of her intentions it is
|
'

declared to be the judgment of the
United States that plan for mill- |
tary intervention injure rather;

any
would
than help the Russian people.

Instead of intervening
proffer of aid is on a lofty and idealis-
tie plane in consonance with the funda-

America’s |

they have not as yet been announced. | declared the conditions in the various| son has repeatedly declared to underly

Many believe that the number of new
| registrants will be less than 15,000,000,
| allowing for the increased mortality.

tuking, pastry and ice cream licenses

provinces were absolutely untenable, the
populations suffering from hunger and
want of nutrition, causing widespread

{
mates based on the mortality figures] despatch from Zurich, all the delegates| mental principles which President wil |

In making the announcement of the! maladies which intensify the opposition | Allies and the United States in striking

nel
for a period of thirty days, MAENIDE | cine age limits that he would propose to! of the people to the continuance of the

Wednesday, August 7.
Hotel Plaza, Fifth avenue and Fifty-| “All the possible combinations of age
riuth street—The suspension of its bak-/jimits were carefully studied and it was
ing, pastry and ice cream licenses for the | found that in order to get the men into
same period as the St. Regis. Class 1 for the programme proposed 18

In all cases the hotel managements | to 45 was necessary.
arc members of the Hotel Division of “The bill when introduced. however,
the Federal Food Administration, pledged | will contain a provision authorizing the
t» an observance of Mr. Hoover's food | President to call men out of Class 1 by
regulations to aid in the winning of} classes according to ages, so that if it is
the war. found possible, the men between 18 and

The Federal Food Board will take/19 will be called out later than the
over all the excess sugar stocks of the! older men who are found eligible to
defendants, If the hotels wish any of this/ Class 1.
sugar they will be obliged to apply for
{t. The board has the authority to dis-
(r:bute it among others if public neces-
sity demands it.

L. M. Boomer of the Greeley Square
Hotel Company last night issued a state-

1ent that the management cheerfully
accepts the decision of Mr. Mitchell and
Mr. Williams. He says the company’s
consisted in making certain
rurchases of brown sugar, although he
declared he did not think at the time
that it was a misfake, He said the com-
pany “unconsciously violated the regula-
tions.”

A summary of the case against the
Greeley Square Hotel Company by the
Fureau of Enforcement of the Food
Administration, said the company’s fail-
ure to “appreciate that brown sugar was
part ef the country's sugar supply is
understandable" and that the of-
ce “is not a case of deliberate viola-

tion,”

Congress Secretary Baker said:

 

Does Not Conscript for Labor.

“This will undoubtedly have the ef-
fect of taking men who are otherwise
deferred and putting them into useful
labor, but it does not conscript anybody
for labor. It is purely a military mat-
ter.”

a out by Gen. Crowder and the es-
timate is made by him that the task of
registering and classifying the men can
e completed in ninety days from the
passage of the act by Congress.

ce -seems a short period considering
|

}

mistake

  

the gigantic task which the new plan
will now impose upon the draft ma-
chinery, Gen. Crowder is convinced that
his machine {s now so well oiled that it
will not take any longer. The new
drawing must take place probably with
more numbers in the bowl than under
the first registration.

The Administration proposal to raise
the draft age to 45 years will meet no
opposition in Congress, but a very strong
current of opposition to cutting the age
below 21 already has been evidenced in
both the Senate and House. Senators
Kirby (Ark.) and McKellar (Tenn.), the
latter a member of the Senate Military
Committee, have declared that they
would never vote for lowering the age
limit for the draft below 21 years.

easily
fen

All Penalties Accepted,

The penalties were accepted by the
several hotel companies In lieu of sus-
pensions or the revocation of licenses to
eonduct their business during the period
of the war. The United States Food
Administration cannot impose a fine or
order the closing of any establishment
a punishment for a violation of Its reg-
ulationa,

‘The procedure has been established to
coneerns or individuals found guilty

Chairman Dent Won Over.

Chairman Dent has been loud in pro-
testations that he alsu would refuse to
of violations the alternatives of closing | Vote for this part of the programme, ad
iusiness for a definite period or contrib- | mas midsony pale’ i pee Gere Sogues,
ing to some war charity on pain of a over.”
evocation of their licenses. Whichever; Jn his statement indicating that the
alternative is taken must be voluntary] necessary man power to correspond to
on the part of the offender. This pro-|the new enlarged programme could not
cedure has long been followed by the, be obtained except by the proposed con-
ederal Food Board, and has been adopted | Siderable extension cof the draft age
generally by all food administrators in| limits Secretary Baker gives an idea of
hai ndations to Federal Food the gigantic scope of the preparations
their recomme ra the War Department has now made for
Administration headquarters, which | bringing out the maximum fighting
passes final judgment,

strength of the country.

The cases against the four defendants By making men from 18 to 45 eligible
“ere adjusted yesterday after a series|for military service Secretary Baker will
of hearings and arguments before Mr. | establish a reservoir of man power capa-
Mitehell and Mr, Williams extending

ble of supplying 5,000,000 or 7,000,000
over a month or more. There have been

men if the need is required,
four or five hearings in this city and at

Five

In the first draft about 23 per cent. of
those registered were Class 1 men. This

Continued on Second Page,

 

 

Continued on Bighth Page. |

While |

 

 

 

|
|

|
|

|
|

war,

In the course of the diacusston the fol-
lowing facts were stated:

Gratz has been without potatoes and
meat for three weeks and has had
orly half its rations in bread.

Influenza is rampant at Teplitz and
child mortality is enormous. Children
of only seven years work all night in
the factories to procure the means to
buy food for their parents.

The delegate from Innsbruck as-
serted that in the presence of the in-
capacity Government workers should
obtain by force whatever they need to
avert starvation.

According to a despatch from Berne

the Prague newspapers carry standing
headlines as follows:

“To-day's cases of madness."

The Cologne Gazette in an article, evi- |

dently inspired to prepare the public for

Tentative registration plans have been | unwelcome developments In Russia, says !

that the power of the Soviet Government
steadily is crumbling away, while the
counter revolutionary forces increase.
The chief enemy of the present rulers is
starvation, and all the measures of the
Moscow Government to secure food for
the famishing population have proved
futile.

The peasants defend their stores of |

grain with machine guns and even artil-
lery against the attempts of the Soviet
troops to requisition them under the
Government's orders, The uprisings of
the Ukrainan peasants continue, despite
the efforts of the Bolshevik troops, with
German assistance, to suppress them. It
is understood that their resistance is due
in no small measure to the exhortation
of the priests, many of whom are taking
an active part in the popular uprising.
The military intervention by the re-
ligious element is said to be due to the
action of the Austro-German authorities
in seeking to separate the Ukrainian
Churer from the orthodox fold and to
attach it to the Uniate Church, to which
most of Austria's Ukrainians, principally
the Ruthenians of East Galicia and
Kukowina, belong. The Uniate Church
is in communion with Rome, which sug-
gests that Austria is endeavoring to cre-
ate a final breach between Ukraine and
Great Russia by Romanizing the former,
as for a time she succeeded in creating
a breach ‘between the orthodox Serbians
of the kingdom and the Romanist Croats
and Slovenes of Austria-Hungary,
a gees

Injured Aviator Dies.

San Dirco, Cal., Aug. 3.—-Lieutenant
Clement R, Jacomini, a’ flying instructor
at Rockwe!!l Field, died to-day as the

 

result of injuries received yesterday
when a plane in which he and another
ofticer were flying fell about 150 feet

in a nose dive, His companion was un-
hurt, Lieutenant Jacomini’s home was
in Pasadena, Cal,

our part in the world war,
It is even pointed out that interven-
i tion, even though it were to help the

!
result

of}

i ay from the west, would

|
'
\

in all probability in making use

; Russia instead of aiding her
Outline of Venture.

| Briefly, the plan calls for the follows |

fing moves by the United States, Japan |

and the Allies:

American troops will be sent to
Viadivostok to help Czecho-Slovaks
and to assist the Russians in any mil-
itary efforts they may care to make
for self government. The American

force will consist of only a few thou-

sand men.
Japanese troops, likewise a small
| force, will be sent to Viadivostok |
and the American troops will coop- |
erate with them.
Both the Unitea States and Japan
are to issue similar proclama-
!

tions declaring it to be the intention

| not to interfere in the political af-
fairs of Russia nor even in the local
| affairs of the occupied terrigory and

avowing it to be the only purpose of
the two Governments to render
aid as shall be acveptable to the
|} sian people.

such
Rus-

 

Commission to Be Sent.

 

A commission of merchants,
cultural experts, labor advisers,
! Cross and Y. M. «. A. representatives |
| is to be sent by the Government of
| the United States to offer educational

agri-
Red

help and relieve the economic neces- |
sities of the popuiation }
This Government gives notice that

nothing in the plan that it has adopt-
| ed is intended to restrict or interfere |
| with any moves that the other powers |
| concerned may care to make
| Though no reference ‘s made to tt |
in the statement, it is understood that |
Great Britain, France and Italy are |
sending small forces to Vladivostok. |
Plans for carrying out the venture |
are believed to be already under way. |
American troops from nearby points |
are either being held in readiness or
already in motion. The Japanese, who |
will have active command of the mili- !
tary phase of the expedition, have |
been ready for some time. |
The despatch of troops, it is made |
|
|
|
!
'

 

clear, will precede the sending of the
commission. Secretaries Houston, Red-
field and Wilson have supmitted to
the President suggestions as to ihe
experts to be sent. |

The feature which came as the great-
est surprise In the announcement was
the apparent resfriction of the military.
activities to Japan and the United}
States; this being explained on the!
ground that the United States and Japan
are the only Powers able at this time
to act in Siberia in sufficient force to}
accomplish results, |

But this does not mean, ft is taken
here, that the other Powers will not
send forces to Siberia, but that they are |

 

 

 

Continucd on Third Page,
A

| come into our hands. dated May 28

| dens

| 13th, owing to the shortage of petrol no!
; More spirits will be issued for the use of

jing. the Surgeon-Gieneral said, the need |

 

 

France Gives Pershing
Grand Cross of Honor

ARIS, Aug. 3.—The
Cross of the Legion
Honor has been awarded to Gen.
John J. Pershing, commander in

Grand |

chief of the American Expedi- |
|

|

|

:| PAPER WARNS

London “Standard” Says
Retribution Will Follow
Acts of Barbarity.

tionary Forces in France, by the
French Government. Premier
Clemenceau to-day sént a tele-
gram to Gen. Pershing as fol-
lows:

“I take great pleasure in in-
forming you, my dear General,
that the Government of the
French Republic has decided to
confer upon you the dignity of
the Grand Cross of the Legion of
Honor. The Government desires
to recognize by this distinctionthe
eminent qualities that you have
displayed and the remarkable
services rendered by you in or-

 

|; Americans Would Ride Kaiser
' ona Rail if He Didn't Be-

ganizing so promptly and ef- |! have Himself. ,
ficiently the American forces in || sition
Tea ass shall never forget || Speeriunule Derpeten ce) nes SUN:

Copyright, 1918: all rights reserved.
Lonpon. Aug, 3.—Taking as its text
; the treachery of tre Germans at the bat-

that it was at a moment when
the struggle was most bitter that
your splendid troops came to add

their efforts to ours. This cross | tle of Sergy, when German machine gun-
shall be the symbol of our | ners fired upon American troops from a
gratitude.” | church over which flew a Red Cross flag,

the Hvening Standard publishes a re-
= —— | markable article entitled, “The American

Way of Treating Savages as Savages."
The article ridicules the soft hearted
soft handed English methods of dealing
with the Germans. which it declares is
the result of innate snobbery of a cer-
tain influential section of the Britist
governing classea. It predicts America
will exact the sternest reprisals for any
German atrocity upon Americans and
says:

“Germans no doubt cannot help acting
as Germans, that {8 to say, as black-
guards, but if they have any option in
the matter they will be wise to rffrain
ffom definite acts of blackguardism
against the American troops, for they
will get at least as good as they give.
The average American is a chivalrous
man and a thoroughly clean figtter, but
he ls a dangerous person to play monkey
tricks with and when he gets real peeved
the other party is in for an uncomforta-

 

 

GERMANS COMB
FOR MAN POWER

Drastic Orders Issued to Take
More Workers From Fac-
tories for Armies.

 

CRIPPLES AS SUBSTITUTES

Officers Tnstructed to Wear
Privates’ Helmets and Coats
‘ % - ; ble time,
When Near Front Line, ! Nan. fats ote) Garman aiiaved

I singular immunity. He has inflicted on

; ; . | his enemies the extremity of « ruelty and
Ny PERRY ROBINSON. barbariem and has got very little pay-

Special Cable Despatch to Tar SUN from the | ment in the same coin
London Times. ; deed met deliberate infringements of the
1918; all rights reserved | rules of war in the rigtt spirit, but she
With THE British AnMY tN FRANCE,| has 80 much of her territory under the
Aug. 3.-—-The comb out for man power] heel of the Hun and so many thousands
purposes now going on in German fac-j|of her soldiers in German militars
tories appears to be of the most drastic) prisons that she cannot afford to go to
character, An official document has} full length in reprisals,
siv-}

has

France has in-

Copyrizht

ing details of the proposed operations |

Engitah Too Good
for the months of June, July and August

Natared,

 

when the War Ministry proposed to; “The same conditions applied to Rus-
make a complete reclassification of all; 8i@ during her beligerency England
;men Firms which would not then re-| Suffering under no such di advantage, |

lease for military service the full num-| has been disarmed in other ways
ber of men required would be proceeded | Soldiers are too good natured to exact
against. ; fail vengeance, even from a treacherous
The larger firms were asked to coop | foe. The great part of our civilian popu-
«rate as cordially with the | lation is too softhearted, to ap-
Wer Ministry and themselves | Prove stern measures,
to the utmost in training substitutes and “It was hard enough to get a flabby
giving especial attention to the training | Minority to agree even to
of women, men who had become crip-]|# Strictly military
ples through wounds received in the| men towns, but
war and all foreigners
closes with the statement that surprise! the attitude of our leading men
visita willl be paid to all factories for , attitude not determined by
purposes of investigation and that both ADS De SO respectable us humanitarian-
|
|

as possible perhaps,

to exert ]

 

air
character over Ger-
the chief handicap in

has been

day and night shifts of operatives would} i:m in its silliest moods
be inspected simple snobbery

It springs from

Our statesmen,

while

Among other interesting documents] fighting the Germans, have never ceased
which we also have showing the Ger- | to reverence them They believe in the
man anxiety to economize on man | Superman, They still think of the Kaiser
power are orders which forbid officers | @&8 4 Great prince That servile posture
reconnoitring near the front line to! toward men and things German which
wear the regulation officers’ great coats; 8d become habit with them remains
or caps They must wear pr vates'| [t is instinet with them now,
coats and either privates’ caps or trench; ‘America has none of these landi

|
{

 

 

helmets. Not more than two. person ips, She has no territory to be ray

may congregate together on the front; #8e4. or civilians to be tortured, nor has

line or at any point under enemy obser- she any mental prepossessions to evel
. |

vation, | inipihaneiauemes

Another order forbids the cutting of! Continucd on Second Page
trees which may help to give conceal- |}
ment Although this order now is being! / \
: “
carried out many presume that in the! Smokes, Most Welcome
case of a Gierman retreat the Kaiser's! Gift t : ”
Oo ur
soldiers, as usual, will be permitted to Soldiers
; slaughter fruit trees and cottage gar- | re eee

 

HE SUN Tobaceo Fund has
issued on the; just received the following
‘| letter from First Lieut. R. T,
Jenkins, commanding Company
I, 319th Infantry, somewhere in
France:

“We are in receipt of several
cartons of cigarettes, the gift of

According to an order

lorries, but it will be reserved instead |
for the use of ambulances and for other
urgent military needs }

1,000 NURSES A WEEK NEEDED.'| the fund maintained by your
—ee , '| paper.

This Number for Next Two Months! p These cigarettes have been

Asked by Gorgan, distributed among the men of

Wasuinaron, Aug. 3.—An urgent call | this company, and on their be-

to the American Red Cross to enroll. | half and at their request I desire

1.000 nurses a week for the next two] to express their appreciation of

months for immediate duty with the your kindness,

Army Nurse Corps, was issued to-day “There are times when Ameri-

by Surgeon-Ceneral Gorgas || can made cigarettes, the most
With the Amertean armies overseas welcome gift to an American wate

entering more and more into the fight- :
' . dier, are hard to get, and you

can well imagine the enjoyment
your thoughtful gift has afforded
them,”

Turn to page 1, Section 7 and
read how YOU can help.

for additional becomes

tive.

nurses impera-'
F. DD, Roosevelt to Visit Marines,

Paris, Aug. 3.-—Franklin D. Roosevelt, !

 

American Assistant Secretary of the aioe

Navy, will leave Paris to-morrow. to ’ TING! . STINT

visit the American marines in the WA RNING 5 THE SUN TO-
trenches He then will go to Italy to BACC O FUND has no connection
confer with Italian nayal oMffcials, re with any other fund, organiza-

turning to France three weeks later to
inepect the American bases on the At-
lantic coast.

tion or publication. It employs
no agents or solicitors,

| Serhan cath o
4

SNOBBERY STAYS BRITISH|

GERMANS ALSO BEGIN TO RETIRE IN PICARDY

$$ Se nen meee

 

| U, 5, WILL NOT ae Pee H Ten a4 and
ay Iry to Keac emin des
B EAR ATROCITY, Dames to Make Stand

 

DIRECT SOISSONS-RHEIMS LINE
ELIMINATES THE MARNE SALIENT

 

Foch Wins Greatest Day’s Victory Since
Offensive Began July 18-—-Germans in
Great Disorder as They Retreat

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tar BN.
: ns Copyright, 1918; all rights reserved.

LONDON, Aug. 3.—The Marne salient exists no longer.
Driving onward at an accelerated pace to-day the French,
American and British troops made the greatest gains of any
day since the Foch offensive began on July 18, advancing in
many places more than six miles, and to-night the Allies’
armies stand practically on the line of the Aisne and the
Vesle rivers, with the Germans still fleeing northward and
showing some signs of disorder.

It is probable now that the Germans will be unable to
make a stand on the Aisne and in the section between Fismes
and Rheims, but are more likely to continue their retreat
until they reach the exceedingly strong position along the
Chemin des Dames, north of the Aisne. They have lost com-
paratively few prisoners in their retreat, but an enormous,
sometimes described as an incredible, amount of ammunition
and guns has been captured by the victorious Allies, in ad-
dition to the huge amount which the Germans were able to
destroy before their precipitate flight began last Thursday.

The Allies’ line to-night extends from Pommiers, a few
miles northwest of Soissons, along the south. panks of the
Alsne and the Vesle to Fismes, where the Americans have won
a footing in the outskirts of the town, and thence, close to the
south bank of the Vesle, through Courville, Branscourt, Cour-
celles and Champigny. Advancing from the east squadrons
| of Franch cavalry are operating on the north side of the Vesle
/ half way to Fismes. In the area recovered to-day alone more
‘than fifty villages have been delivered. Soissons, at the
Western end of the line, has been completely occupied and a
_large number of prisoners have been taken there,

Activity Revives in Picardy,

Meantine what may be a_ sig

 

The document | dealing faithfully with the Hun has been |
That i

‘AMERICANS IN
' FISMES BAS

Our |

| Hold Part of Town as Allied
Troops Advanee on 45
Mile Line.

raids of }

   
  

  

\ Ry the Associated Prees
{ WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN FRANCE
| Aug. 3. \mertcan troops entered the
southern part of Fismes to-day, while
other forces of the Allies hold the south
| ern banks of the Aisne and Vesle rivers
| from Soissons to Fismes
} Wastward it is almost a stra ght lis
| through Courville, Branseourt Cours
celles and Champigns
The advance of the wh wn was
| along a front of almost fo
| To the east of Soissons the
of the line northward along the Aisne
, aS well as the extension of the gene

line, makes ft probable, in’ the mior

of experts, that the Germans

      

; hefore « snirating them-
selves for a stand along the plateau to
the east between ¢ AIsne and the
Vesle. as the branch railroad from Ser-
mofse to the north is now dominated by
the Allied guns

The broad fleld eovered ¥ the ad-
vance to-day ineluded at cast fifty small}
towns and villagea

Information reaching 1 American, |

wimy commanders indicated
engaged in

tlarge a part of

that
removing
supplies from
Smoke clouds and det

the
; Germans are
their Fis-
mes as possible
onations

: riday

eontirm informatian Rained
that large quantities of ammu
nition are being destroyed
| Places behind the German
fects of the destruction of
; could be

seen to-day

Fein Agitator Elades

Pollee and Reaches Lrelund,

Sinn

DvsBwn, Aug The
says that Mrs
eluded the vigilam

and has arrived

lidependent
skeffington
of the
in Ireland

Sheehy

British police

Mrs. Skeffington is the widow of F

Sheehy sSkeffington, formerly editor of
the Irish Citizen, who was shot by a
British officer daring the Sinn Fein!
rising in [reland early in 1916 Mrs
Skeffington testified at the court-martial
‘of the officer who shot her husband

This officer was found guilty,

After the court-martial
ington visited the United
jaddressed several meet
Feiners She was arrested in San Pran-
jvisco in April of this yeur while ad-
dressing a meeting held to protest
| againet Irish conscription,

but insane
Mrs, Skeff

States and

nes of

 

as)

At different |
lines the ef |
ammunition |

British.

has}

Sinn

| alfleant movement lias begun in Pte
| ardy on the British front, where {n

the vieinity of Albert, a little north
tof the Somme, the Germans under at
| rac by British with-

drawn about three miles to the east,

patrols have

they held west of the Ancre River.
| This seems to indieate that the great
jurmy of Crown Prince Rupprecht has
| been so weakened by demands
ade upon his reserves to help the
German Crown Prince out of lis pre-
Vieament in the Marne salient that
ihe great attaek fn force which was
vianned against the British front
north of the Semme has been aban
jdoned. British troops followed closely
on the heels of the Germans as the
huiter

;siving up practieally all the ground
}
|
| the

retreated,
The German official report to-day
Ss one of amusing that has

the mest

come from General Army Headquar
ters, The success of the German
“retrograde movement” on the Aisne-
Marne front is attributed to the
| “ereat victory’ won by Gen. von
PBoehn on Thursday (when the Ger
man Wight began) It is said that
j the Allies continued to shell for hours
fihe postiions from which the Ger-
Mans had withdrawn, ond finaly
the Ales’ infiuntry and cavalry “fol-
lowell hesitatingty and cautiously” as
the German “foretield troops slowly
| Withdren

|

| Uritish Offensive Probable.

; The opinion is growing stronger
among military observers und experts
here that battlefront conditions have
Leen worked into such shape by the
; Masterly strategy of Gen. Koch that

great offensive by the British, strik-

ing i riarotic blow 1 tire
right flank

very pre

German

is not only possible

but is

sbable and it may be

Imminen:,

Some critics regard the retirement of

the Germans to-day from the Albert
; front as the first step in this move-
ment Only Gen Roch, however,
| knows exactly how strong he is in
reserves relative to the growing weak-
ness of Rupprecht’s army, and that 4
\likely to be the determining factor

} <A little more disorder i the Ge

Iman retreat might precipitate such
{@ blow by Gen, Foch not only on the

 

'Albert fvont but on several adjoining

 

sectors It is known that the Coma
ton } pei hief of the allied armied
is a strong believer in stviking hid
heaviest blows when the enemy be-

|