‘ ; eG Sl paar he shea Nae M pe
- wont Fs hhset coer eae Piatt Tee . : Pp, Te ad
7] a ’ " ‘ : , yt ' n ¢ hs 1 : { . ‘ ; Ey Ne
an 6 om : ; . BS ot ‘ ' * ry
Fair to-day and to-morrow; little change Z : e *
in ¢ ; northwest winds.
Highest yesterday, 59; lowest, 46. am , ;
Detalied weather reports on last page, . s ~ . ee » gg

 
  
 

VOL. LXXXV.—NO. 237.

 

 

ee a

NEW YORK, THURSDAY, APRIL, 25, 1918,.—copyriont, 1918, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association. PRICE TWO CENTS. ©
ee =st

BATTLE FOR AMIENS RENEWED BY ENEMY;

AMERICAN TROOPS PARTICIPATING IN FIGHT; __

HOLLAND AND GERMANY SEEM NEAR A BREAK
ETURN HOME

WILSON NAMES IR GERMAN LOSSES IN DRIVE
JOHN D, RYAN AS "OF MINISTERS seat on andres use me
AIRCRAFT CHIEF IS REPORTED

 

+444

 

—

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

a Sa a.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

n+ + ee ---

 

roy ae

British Yield a Mile After

All Day Battle at Villers- i
Bretonnewx.

Will Take American
Wounded to England

LONDON, April 24.—Prepara-
tions are being made by the
American Red Cross to handle
American wounded from the
troops brigaded with the British
forces on the western front. The
wounded from these units will
be brought to England with the
British wounded and sorted out
after they reach this side of the
English Channel.
merican Red Cross officials
y they expect to take over sev-
eral hospitals to be used espe-
cially for this work.

Our T s Probably
in Thick of Battle

BRITISH BOMBS
Taz roae woes | ADD TO DAMAGE
fie t| AT ZBEBRUGOE

Amiens, particularly about ||
Airmen Report Great Hole
| Copyright, 1918; all righte reserved. ness.

Hangard, referred to this section
as the “Franco-American front.” |,
This may indicate that Ameri-
| can troops are in the thick of the
battle of Picardy.
in Mole—Ostend Fairway | Lonvon, April 24.—-The German losses} Combined with the figures for recent |
P rth BI k d r jin killed and wounded in the first part of ae eeeeee ne gs | oe at ee
, KOC. the great offensive on the Somme and | C66d 56,000, men. fe ures given > oe
a ) OcKe on the Lys amounted to less than 600,-| by Bleibtreu far exceeded anything that HAND TO HAND FIGHTING
age wee | 000 men, according to reliable tnforma- a ae En ahi tlc s Sear '
-,eone ° arrn | t! iv rom Scandinavian sources, |!6 & @uggestion tha eibtreu'n article
NAV AL ATTACK GALLANT ecae Gaurest shiek of course are not , Was intended to minimize proportion- |
' official, come from trustworthy sources. | ately the recent losses on the western |
| There has been much discussion as front, which are causing serious dis-!
| to the motive behind the disclosure by) turbances in Germany. \
Karl Bleibtreu in Novo Europa of Ger-| When the enormous casualties on the |
man losses up to the end of January

 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    

einen

 

ALSO GIVE WAY

 

Germans Again Gain Foot.
hold in Much Contested‘
Village of Hangard.: —

 

Special Cable Deepatch to Tne Bex.

j Rurillary forces and deaths due to ill-

It has been known that they

to Minimize New Casualties—Nation Cannot | FRENCH
Copper Capitalist Heads
_ Have Blocked Berlin-

Recover in Generation. ‘
New Division of Produc-
Hague Parleys.

have been somewhere in the bat-
tle area since April 6, when
Stephen Pichon, Foreign Minis- ||
ter of France, speaking at Paris,
referred to the Americans
“fighting in Picardy and sacrific-
ing their lives to drive the enemy ||

from our land.” |
On April 10, despatches from || German Guns on Breakwater
Were Turned Against Own

tion Board.

 

 

Resumption of Battle Accome.
panied by Strong Attacks
on Lys and at Albert.

SQUIER IS ELIMINATED

 

 

 

‘DUTCH STANDING FIRM
Brig.-Gen. William L. Kenly

CHAMBERLAI | Netherlands Still Adheres to,
to Control Operation and |

Policy of Maintaining

 

both French and British head- | pattlefeld are added to the increased |

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

T i i f C | | quarters in France reported the |! | of this year, which are goo SY 4,- ration a dix vier coe creat pop- Ae eae
rp ° | v é ' 486,000 men killed, wounded or prieon- on is clear that Germany's losses |
ee | BACKS WILSON ae way rive +e tee tine hen tie SUERENe HO | era, excluding naval and colonial troops, | finciliaseat® Aas healed, ce sbabrbll Loxpox, April 24.---After a violet”
Despatch to Tas | Frensh extended thelr lines far erie See eae -' bombardment which lasted all day yess
Special to Bex. Amstervam, April 24.—The Hetvolk|\ to the north of Montdidier. | Loxpos, April 24.-—Despite reports | | rerday and most of last night the Gere

WasHinGton, April 24.—John D. Ryan;
the copper capitalist, has been deais- |
nated by the Administration to take up|
the work of créating an American air
fleet to overwhelm the Germans. The
selection of Mr. Ryan for this important [ee ane
post, following closely that of Chariles| [ .
M. Schwab to take charge of the produc- ; NOT AFRAID OF
tion of ships, indicates that the Adminis- |

Announces Support of Over-| announces that the German Minister to
the Netherlands h lef!
man Bill Giving Broader War | ben, cca snae re rite ee for

Berlin and that the Dutch Minister to
Powers to President. Germany is on his way from Berlin to
The Hague.

The Berlin correspondent of - the
ABUSE | Nienwe Rotterdamsche Courant ts n-|
‘ e formed by a person in authority that!

difficulties have arisen in the negotia-

| from Berlin to the contrary, great dam-

age was done yesterday by the British
| {n their raid against Zeebrugge and |
; Ostend. The accounts of some of those
who were in the action show that it was
one of the most gallant episodes of the
ar. An official bulletin issued to-night
by the British Admiralty says:

 

. mans launched attacks in great

|strength against the British ana
| French lines in Picardy at 6:30 o'clock .
| this morning in a renewed effort to

| break through to Amiens and thence

SOMME DRIVE

UHLMANNGRIP ENEMY ATTACK |
HANGS ON FIGHT LED BY TANKS

| ; , | to the coast.
Minister|Germans Have Big Machines; in the French official statement to-

 

a

 

German Foreign

 

e Following the naval ati y > | | night reference is made to the

ry tater icant ier eant eas] He Ts Glad Schwab and Stet: | ons tetveen Germany and MOI 64) 4151 eady for New Attack| {Smee en eee eee et ee er efan re (Franco-aiterican positions south ot
hy -) Ash y TOP New : c observat! de by aircraft ' : 4 | ° ) as

tasks, tinius, Red Tape Cutters, cc ny er ese i on Seams attnene ae tas’ ne Test of Strength. Infantry. | Se Somme and on the Avre.” This

Formal announcement of Mr, Ryan's! | Na esiedanl daa and Germans Made But servation waa dificult owing to the —- - j may indicate that Ameritan troops

appointment was made to-night by Sec- |
retary Baker. A reorganisation of the,
existing aircraft production machinery |
was also made, of which the following |
are the principal features: i

A new division of the War Department |
is created to be known as the division of
sirecraft production, with Mr. Ryan as
ita director, This means that Mr. Ryan |
will repoft to Secretary Baker and not;
to the President directly, aw was strongly |
recommended in the Senate committee
report.

The Aircraft Production Board is con- |
tinued as an advisory body but Bfr. |
Ryan will supplant Howard E. Coffin as
ite chairman, My. Coffin remaina, how-
ever, as ong of f ae ee

Gen. 6qulde Miedinaiad.
Gen. Squier, Chief Signal Officer, who

Don’t Wear Uniforms.

 

Special Despatch to THE SvN. |

WasHinoton, April 24. -—- Senator)
George E. Chamberlain (Ore.). the bold- |
est critic of the Administration's con- |

| duet af the war on the Democratic side

of the chumber, to-day announced that
he intended to vote for the Overman bill. .
His intention was made known to his |
friends more than a week ago, but until |
now the public announcement of his ine |
tentions was not forthcoming.

Senator Chamberlain told his hearers |
that the inefficiency and {ncompetence
which ~ pt Gared a point out tn his
epterh an y been moderated
sie cneemare Aner still exist-
e asserted that the-Ovesman bits!
Stored the Predident the opportunity to |
go forward with reforms, a right to!

Handelebiad says that the question of
the transport of sand and gravel and)
the use of the railway line through Lim-|
bourg depends entirely on the inten-,
tions of Germany. The correspondent
adds that the Dutch Government will
firmly observe neutrality, whatever may |
happen. |

GERMANS INCREASE
FRONTIER GARRISONS

Movements of Dutch Commis-
sion Also Are Restricted.

; le hf
Cettakt Sad, en tab ve

Lonpon, April 24.—Despatches from)

 

“?

Little Progress.

ENEMY USES GAS SHELLS |

 

Losses Inflicted by French
About Hangard Believed |

to Be Very Heavy.

 

\
By PERRY ROBINSON.

Opecial. Cable { cepatch te Tun Sue from the

Landon Times.
Copyright, 1910: oft righte beserved.

Barrie Anuy HeapquaRrras «iN

up till now has been the real head of the which Seriator Chamoerlain thought the | The Hague are to the effect that the! Fraxce, April 24.—Severe fighting has

aircraft programme, {ea eliminated en- |
tirely from the airplane situation. His'
future duties will merely have to do |
with signalling.

A new division of military aeronautics | amendments offered by Senator Reed sof the Rhine.

ia created in the Signal Corps to have)
charge of thé operation of aircraft and |
the training of aviators. Brig.-Gen. |
William L. Kenly {fe placed at the head of |
this division. Mr. Ryan has accepted |
his new task and will start in at once!
and give up his whole time to it. The
formal statement of the War Depart- |
iment covering the changes was as fol-

The War Department authorises
the following :

Mr. John D. Ryan has accepted the
directorship of aircrapt production for
the army.

A reorganisation of the aviation
eection of the Signal Corps also has
Been effected, of which the principal
elements are as follows:

President was entitied.

Although it is his intention to vote
for the bill Senator Chamberlain made}
it clear that he would support the |

(Mo.), under which the Federal Reserve |
Board and the Interstate Commerce
Commission will be exempted from the
operation of the measure, which is to
set aside all legislative restraint upon
reorganisation, concentration and coordl-
nation of governmenta] agencies.

Takes Fling at Overman.

Senator Chamberlain read into the
Record excerpts from statements made
by the nominal author of the bill, Sen-
ator Overman (N. C.), regarding the
enrbarrassments caused by existing in-
terdepartmental conditions which the
North Carolinian had asserted hampered
war work. Then he expressed the view
that the ignorance of conditions, of
which the President complained, was

leituation in regard to the German de-| 4...

Mande is viewed with extreme gravity.
Germany Insists upon her ciaims to
transit of sand and gravel by the way
So far there has been no!
settlement of any questions at issue be- |
tween the two Governments

A rumor has reached Rotterdam that
the German garrisons along the Dutch
frontier are being reenforced and that
Germany has refused permission to the
Dutch Commission to enter the Belgian
military zone or northern France.

Since the Dutch are disinclined to
yleld to German pressure, Germany is |
likely to inaist upon a definite reply of
counter proposals by a specific date,
which it is feared may lead to extreme
measures, the least consequence of which
will be the breaking off of the economic

 

going ‘on to-day south of the
Somme, where the Germans early in the
morning, with three and perhaps more
divisions (about 40,000 men) attacked

the British and French positions on a! could see about 200 Germans on the| situation.

front of about four miles, from abore
Villere-Bretonneux to WHangard. This
is the most serious attempt’to hammer
@ way through to Amiens on this line
that has been made for some time.

At this moment the attack seems to
have made progress only in the north, |
in the immediate vicinity of Villere- |
Bretonneux. There it has been checked; |
fighting is still going on and I undets |
stand we are forcing the enemy back. |

We were quite prepared for an attack |}
in this region. The German divisions |

 

j; when

clouda, and on this account our ma-
chines descended as low as fifty feet.
A cleat. break twenty yards wide
was observed in the Zeebrugge Mole
at its inner end. At Ostend a sunken |
object was eeen lying between the
plers and bdlocking the greater part of |
the fairway’. |
Numerous bombs were dropped on
objectives on shore. |
The Order of Knight Commander of |

the Bath has been conferred on Admiral |
Keyes in recognition of his services in|
command of the operations against Zee-
trugge and Ostend. Commander Car-
peater for his serviced in command of
the Vindictive hes been promoted te
Captain.

Guided by Star Shells.

An officer of one of the motor boats
haa given the Daily Mail a story of
the blowing up of the mole.

“Tha submarine which did it.’ gays
this officer, ‘went at !t from the outer
side. The German star shélls helped
very greatly in showing the way. We

bridge leading from the mole to the;
shore. They apparenuy thought that!
the submarine had last her way, and |
were rejoicing’ in the belief that they:
were going to trap her. But the Bub- |
marine pushed under the bridge and)
her cargo of explosives was
touched off it blew the bridge and all
standing on it into the air.

“For a Mttle time afterward frag-)
ments of Germans and wreckage of the |
bridge were falling all around us. By!
the blowing up of the bridge the mole
was {eolated and it was on this island

Negotiations, resulting in deprivation of | of the line here until the 20th were the) that the Vindictive’s men were landed |
the coal supply which is necessary to{ Ninth Bavarian Reserve in the Villers-| and the fighting occurred.”

Holland's industries and railway traffic. |

Bretonneux area, then the Seventy-;

The crew of one of the British eub-

| Opposing Faction

| 1s expected to be done now by the Ger-

REMOVAL JESS LIKELY | INITIAL ASSAULT FAILS

 

Hopes to Bombardment of Many Days
Win by Foree Where He in Somme Region Had
Failed by Diplomacy. Presaged Drive.

 

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tre 8x.
Copyright, 1918; all rights reserved. Wrrs THs British ARMY IN France,

ons tives pp lie I obeeryers | April 24.—Hard fighting developed this
man catmapaign against Foreign Minister | morning on the southern battle front,
von Kubipese and expecting his resig- | the enemy attacking south of the Somme
nation ine the leet few days see im | Song the line of Villers-Bretonneux,

the fact that he still retains hie port- oa et
folio @ eign thet he will remain, for a Vee en-Gantiire, Halles and" Cas-

time at jeast.
On the British sector, about Viliers-

By the Asaociated Preas.

 

A former French Minister in conversa-
pen a eer once of Bd Stx | Bretonneux, which nesties on a ridge
pointed ou a uhlmann’s strength | x
lay in the German weakness on the Overlooking the long stretch of the
western battle front. The succesa of the Somme Valley, was the etorm centre,
enemies of the German Foreign Minister) and here the enemy had tanks in action.
varied with the changes in the military! Phree of these engines of war accom-

panied the storming infantry, which at
latest reports had battled forward into
j the eastern outskirts of the town, where
severe fighting took place.

From the sector came word that the

The rea! reason for the pan-Germanist
campaign to undermine the Foreign Min-
ister, !t was stated, springs from the
apparent needlessness of a strong pol'ti-
cal character to achieve the German
aime. What Kuhimann was expected to
accompliah politically not long ago whe
the military power seemed to be waning

 

The assault was preceaed by a heavy
bombardment about Villers-Breton-
neux. At the conclusion of thia prepa-
ration the Germans surged forward
along the whole British front south of
the Somme, although it seemed evident
that they had Villers-Bretonneux as
thelr ultimate goal because of its domt-
nating position.

man armies.

Von Kuhlmann fs regarded as a strong
man who:wil! not yield, yet will escape
the consequences. The military parties
Plan to remove the last possibility of
peace through weltpolitik, of which Von |
Kuhimann !{s the best representative.

A special despatch from Zurich says!

Germans had made very slight progress. |

| are fighting with the French in the
| thick of the battle, as reference was
| sade in an official report almost two
| weeks ago to their presence in this
| region.

| The firet attacks were repulsed, but
la little later in the morning the Ger-

‘mans came back in even greater force,
| concentrating the assaults on the sup-
| eae weak points of the line, Villers-
Bretonneux, at the upper tip of the
{salient and the nearest point to
| Amiens, from which it {s only eleven
;and a half miles away, and Hangerd:
|on the Luce River, the junction point
'of the British and French armies.

| Fighting of the most desperate
| character ensued, much of it of the
| hand to hand variety, and the oppos-
| ing troops #wept back and forth over
| the contested area practically all day
,In the evening the British, unable to
withstand the pressure longer, retired
from Villers-Bretonneux, while about
\four miles to the south, at Hangard,
| the Germans forced their way Into the
j outskirts of the village despite the ef-
forts of the French to prevent them.

Lys Fighting Also Renewed.

The maximum German gain was
;Made at Villers-Bretonneux and was
| Bas one mile. Field Marshal Halg
to-night reports the loss of the village
\and adds that fighting there still con-
\tinues. The German attacks on the
{northern and southern ends of the
| British line were repulsed, he says, and
jonly in the centre was any ground

 

On the other hand, should Holland |
yleld to reach a solution, Germany, it is; Phallans and _ Rhinelanders,
anticipated by England and the Allies, Thirteenth Division to the south.
will take drastic measures, The situ-} Fourth Guards, however, were put In

The first attack was thrown back, but! given up.

the enemy tmmediately came forward | ar
again, and this time met with more auc-|_,A¢ the same time as this resumption
of the battle of Picardy the Germans

Gen. Squier, as chief signal officer,
Will devote his attention to the adminis-
tration of signals; a division of mill!-

seventh, which is composed of ao j marines which was used to destroy the | that early next week Von Kuhlmann will
an ee German piers at Zeebrugge were rescued, ' cal] an important conference with the
according to a member of the crew, by! President of the Reichstag and the party |

particularly to be noted in the outgiv-
ings of the President's own spokesman
on the floor. Senator Overman flushed

n ' cess. In the face of heavy machine gun

tary aeronautics ig created under the | at this criticism, but did not reply, Sen- { . E [an escorting destroyer. | chiefs for the purpose of communicating | q + Germa: ‘delivered sha tack }

Meastion of Brig.-Gen. William [+ | stor Chamberlain then expressed his | ation is most critical to Holland, no icy vee see ee Se eet | The Daffodil and the trts, which aided ‘confidential reports on the outcome of CAS 2E0e Bre the Gareane pusher oP een ae the an ane on the north
Kenly. The alreraft board created by | \iews on the merits of the bill. He said; | Matter what her decision is, From a/ itself; after having . f the Vindletive in landing the storming: the negotiations with Rumania, the de-! eel ‘ Bes » Somme and northwest of

fs | they
{a {is the third time they

act of Congress remains an advisory “I am not afraid of the President | yh sasoreed dipiemiate source it were fairly “fresh, although this! 0.01106 on the Zeebrugge Mole, are steel, | velopmente in Germany's dealings with| ing. The British gave way slightly. and | Albert; both of these were repulsed by
earne at, Ww e e situation

have been in!

  

body, as it has been itn the past. with
Mr. Ryan as {ts chairman. This ar-
rangement is made with the entire
concurrence of Mr. Howard Coffin,
who remains a member of the advisory
commission of the Council of National
Defence and will render assistance and
counsel to the aircraft board and Mr.
Ryan.

The division of military aeronau-
tics will have contro} of the training
of aviators and the military use of
Gircraft. The exact division of func-
tions in the matter of designing and
engineering will be worked out as
experience determines between the di-
\isian of military aeronautics and |
the division of production. j

This announcement involves no |
change of personnel in the present
equipment division of the Signal Corps,
of which W. c. Potter is chief and
Which will continue under his direc-
tion

Picking of Ryan a Sarprise.

Mr. Ryan's selection for what many
@nsider to be the most important task
facing the country came as a eurprise,
aa his name a not been mentioned in
this connection. Mr. Stettinius {s un-
derstood to have been considered for a
time, but Mr. Baker wanted him to re-
main In his present place. Mr. Ryan's
Selection ig credited largely to Chairman
Raruch of the War Industries Board,
who ja understood to have strongly in-
vorred him for the place. {

Mr. Ryan headed the committee of
Opper producers with whom Mr. Baruch,
ating for the Government, made the
orginal agreement by which the Gov-
*rnment got 50,000,000 pounds of copper
at 162-3 cents a pound. Assistant Sec-
retary of War Crowell, who has handled
the aircraft situation in Mr. Baker's ab-
Fence, is also understood to have favored
Mr. Ryan, but the choice was not def-
nitely made until yesterday, when the
President Agreed with Mr. Baker that
rpg ae man was the one to handle
Mr. Ryan's appointment was generally
Puroved of to-night by those who have
Yen the alreraft problem their atten-
: it was his organising and business
‘ty that recommended him for the

‘*. 114A it seemed to be the judgment

nen of large affaira in New
mr a elsewhere that the aircraft
f anime could ba made speedily and
fesfully to fruetify under his man-

ee

 

nD

Ee

&
'~ Ryan's appointment means a sin-
eaded alreraft control, which the

ven Marahall committee urged aa

| n of the problem, The Mar-

a committee algo recommended the

Continued om I¥fth Page,

 

——__

abusing his power. I shall vote for this!
bill to give him these great powers, but
with the exemption of the Interstate |
Commerce Commission and the Federal
Reserve Board.

“Tl am atill convinced that the bill for
the director of munitions and war cab-
inet would have entirely served the pur-
pose. The director of munitions bill did
not come as an impulse. It was evolved
by the Military Affairs Committee after
a great deal of thought and investiga-
tion. Great Britain had to come to the
ministry of munitions. This bil! itself
ie practically the director of munitions
bill. i
Givers Credit to Baruch. |

“Already there is in existence a body
of men who virtually conatitute the di-
rectorate of munitions,
1918, Bernard M. Baruch was appointed |
by the President to be Chairman of the |
War Industries Board. His duties are!
practically those of a munitions direc-
tor. Mr. Baruch has taken the bit in hie
teeth. The work of coordination in this
department is going on.

“I believe that the country will agree
with me that nearly every incompetent
who was disclosed by the Military Af-
faire Committee has either been kicked
up or kicked out. There has been a
complete reorganization of war activities
with the result that distinguished men
haveadpeen placed in charge of important
undertakings,

“Criticiam has been made that civilians:
were put in the places of military men, |
I say that but for these distinguished |
civilians the War Department would atill ;
be floundering in the Gark. {

Referring to Charles M. Schwab and
Edward R., Stettinius, the Senator said:
“These men have cut through a great
mass of red tape. They have attacked
the problems in a businessiike way. It
ig fortunate that they have not put on
uniforms, for where there are uniforms
there is red tape.”

POLICEMAN SHOT IN RAID,

Two Others Wounded While Dis-
gwuleed as Soldiers.

Tetective John TT, Judge was shot
and perhaps mortally wounded and two
other detectives were badly hurt early |
this morning during a rald on a house!
at 20 South Clinton street, Flushing,
where the detectives had been informed
soldiers had heen supplied with liquor.
Dressed in soldiers’ uniforms Judge and |

 

 

critical, it is not belleved that there is
fear of an immediate open rupture. This
diplomat said:

“The German feeling against Holland,
which undoubtedly is due to the ascend-
ency of the military party, probably
has been incensed further by the mis-
tepresentation or ignorance of the facts
respecting Holland's attitude regarding
the commandeering of her merchant
marine by the Allies. The Germane as
a whole in al! Mkelihood are unaware
that Holland neither acceded nor ac-)
quieece) in the somewhat summary |
measures adopted by the Allies, espe: |
cially America, in this matter, Holland |

chant ships,
“Germany's present attitude may

be

On March 4,jone of intimidation, but Holland has no | tne: direction of Cachy.

intention of abandoning or even desir-
ing to abandon the policy of neutrality.
She has not wavered in this course; she
firmly adhered to her absolute control
ot the Scheldt, thus preventing Germany
from making a naval base of Antwerp.

“If Germany were to treat Holland
es she treated Belgium she would seise
not only Rotterdam but the coast, and
thus the submarine menace would be
greatly intensified.

“Such contingencies seem unlikely at
present and it is probable that the
seriousness of the trouble has been ex-|
aggerated.” |

WASHINGTON DOUBTS |
DUTCH WAR IS NEAR

Netherlands Army Numbers
Only 320,000 Men.

Special Despatch to Tas Sc.

WasHinoaton, April 34.—Indications
that Holland might be on the bPink of
war with Germany were accepted with
great resérve here because of the realiza-
tion that the Dutch people had sought
at all costs to maintain neutrality and
particularly because war with Germany
generally had been regarded aa next to
suicidal for the Netherlands. It ta
seriously doubted here if the danger of
hostilities really extets.

The total military strength of ne

 

land is estimated at e@pproximately
$20,000 men, most of whom are massed |
on the border safeguarding Dutch neu-
trality. It is fully realized that the

Detectives Harry Collins and Chris-; German hordes could scarcely be kept

topher Schaefer got into the place, while
officers of the Army Intelligence stood
guard outside.

The detectives were hardly inside the
door when some one began shooting at
them,

’

from overrunning Holland in case of

war, although it {# believed that the

Dutch would put up heroic resistance.
The fact that Holland has had the

Continued on Third Page.

 

battle since March 21. |

Germans Use Gas Shells. |

The attack was preceded by a very;
heavy bombardment in which a sreat |

quantity of gas wae used, beginning | capacity of more than 1,700 passengers.

at 8 o'clock and continuing with great

intensity for four hours, when the at-| which carry 25,000,000 passengers an-' Normal Conditions Restored After

tack was delivered. In the centre and on!
the right, in the French sector, this at- |
tack was repulsed immediately anid
completely; the losses inflicted upon the
Germans by the French, especially
about Hangard, are believed to have:
been very heavy.

In the north the guards succeeded in

Villers-Bretonneux and
through the south side

in pushing }
of the village Inj

For the most |
part, however, this area was overrun by
the enemy as long ago as March 30,
when in the village of Villera-Rreton-
neux I saw our men working to form a
post after they had driven the enemy
back, as described in my despatch of
April 1.

Siteation Well in Hand.

The object of the enemy to-day was,
we know, to get well beyond Villers-
Bretonneux on the Cachy road. The
first attack seems to have been beaten

Continued on Second Page.

C .;
Concert of Blind for |
Smoke Fund To-night

DON'T miss the concert under

the auspices of the Blind
Tuners’ Guild at the Lighthouse,
111 East Fifty-ninth street, to-
night. A particularly interesting
programme been arranged
and it’s for the benefit of THE
See page

 

 

 

SUN Tobacco Fund.

6.

“Some contend that smoking
is injurious. We agree that the
after effects of the smokes you |!
are sending ‘Over There’ will ||
prove injurious—to the Huns!’

—Extract from letter accom- ||
panying contribution of em-
ployees of the “R. M. Company.”

WARNING! THE SUN TO- |
BACCO FUND has no connection |!
with any other fund, organiza-
tion or publication. It employs |,
no agents or solicitors. |

‘

 

 

 

poh sities Ba sobs cs sho Roomba (Sib

itwin screw cutters of 465 tons, which!the Ukraine,

will be remembered b; thousanda of |

{Americans as municipal ferryboats on/changes in the Austrian Cabinet grow-;

the Mersey.
most modern steamships of this clase in
the United Kingdom, having a carrying

They are the largest and |

 

They belonged to the fleet of ferryboate |

nually between and New

Brighton.

Liverpool

Thrilling Stories Told.

Crews of the ships which took part in
the raid on Zebrugge have many thrilling
stories of their adventures. One of them

| practically was forced to yield her mer- | forcing an entrance on the east side of | has described how, despite the fact that

the Germans discovered their presence
While they were still outside the harbor
they made their way in through heavy
gunfire, the Vindictive reaching the
wharf, where ehe remained for an hour
an@ a half.

“A landing party was put ashore,” the
seamen said, “and we captured the Ger- |
man gune on the breakwater and turned |
them around, firing them on the German
fortified positions, As far as we could |
see there was not a place of any mille |
tary importance left--we destroyed a
lot. |

“We had to leave many of our landing
parties behind, but they were taken off
by motor boats. One of our destroyers
received a salvo of shells in her engine
room and had to be beached. She was
blown up after the survivors had been
rescued,

‘Motor boats destroyed every floating!
thing in sight, including two German de
stroyers anil some submarines. Those
of the landing party who remained be- |

 

; demonstration strike tn this city.

the enemy got a footing in the castern
fringe of the town.

Further north, a little above the Albert
region, the British infantry put up an
8. O. S. for artillery protection about ¢
o'clock this morning, and what appeared
to promise a serious attack began to

Finland and
and also to

the Baltic;
provincee, discuse = thei
ing out of the revelations in the letter |
of Exnperor Charles.

 

TRISH Go BACK TO WORK. show. It turned out to be nothing more
coeaneere Pretentious than an attempted = raid,
however, and the British artillery

Anti-draft Demoustration. ;@mashed the enemy Infantry as they were
j leaving their trenches,

Dvuauin, April 24.--Rusiness was re-!| Ketween Robecq and Givenchy-lLez-La
sumed and normal conditions were re- | Bassce there was also considerable enemy
stored to-day following the one day' shelling this morning, and the (iermans
|made a small attack in an attempt to

Traing are cunning as usual and large!take a post near Givenchy But this
crowds were abie to attend the Punches- | movement was stopped quickly by the
town races, the annual apring function | British fire. The British carried out
of Dublin. j Minor operations at Gilvenchy which re-

‘sulted in the recapture of a srong post

CRISIS IN ‘HUNGARY | Renn oe brewing |! t
ON BALLOT REFORM |

Premier Defends Charles for
Peace Letter.

Bepaprst, via Ameterdam, Apri! 24.---
Dr. Wekerle, the Hungarian Premier,
explained in the Hungarian lower house
to-day that the Cabinet had resigned he.
cause {it had become doubtfu' whether
it would be authorized to dissolve Dar-
lament to carry through the suffrage
reform measure .

Emperor Charles, the Premier said. |
had accepted the resignations of the
Ministry, but had asked the Ministers to
conduct affairs until the appointment of
a new Cabinet.

ye
Somine sector for days, the enemy main-
taining a bombardment of more or less
intensity over a wide area. Throughout
yesterday Villers-Bretonneux and sur-
rounding places were shelled
and this morning the bombardment was
increased greatly.

man artillery pounded the Entente al-

Robecq and Merville sector, and
morning an {ntense bombardment
put down in the British
both sides of the River Lawe

positions on
Thua, a

 

Was seething to-day

An attack above Albert came after a
half hour bombardment hy the enemy.
(As the German infantry left their
| trenches the British deluged them with

 

Dealing with the Emperor's constant) rite and machine gun fire and forced |

hind to continue the work of smashing | atriving for a general peace, always inia hasty retirement.

German guns knew they would eithe

lose their lives or be taken prisoner. | Dr, Wekerle declared that the Emperor's}, 9000 yard front in the Riez du V
They were volunteers and a brave lot of | letter had been used to misrepresent his dpe ee ae

fellows.”

German Destroyer Sunk.

A young marine who took part in the) nothing but peace efforta made in ngrec-
fighting on the mole descripo] his ex-| ment with ths German Empire and noth-

reriences as follows:

“We certainly had a hot time. I shall
never forget it. It was all pitch dark
until we got right Into the harbor, and
then the place suddenly becamy alight
with star shells and the fun started,

“Looming big ahead of us waa a cier- |
wan destroyer, evidently getting under
wa:. We put on full spe) ahead and)
ramined her amidships, cutting ber ini
half. As she sank we sivamed along- |
side the mole quickly, put out ganz

ways and rushed onto the mole. By that |
timo it was raining hard, }

“The firat thing my party encoun- ;
tered was a giant German, who came

 

Continued on Sccond Page,

on whe puis

; the time) was the genuine text.”

harmony with Germany and her allies, A British operation

yesterday over
inage
complete succees and
greatly improved the defending lines. A
nasty salient about 1,800 yards wide
and about the same depth had bulged
into the British territory just north of
Ries du Vinage. By their attack the
British drove the enemy from this
salient and straightened their line.

{ntention, with a view to disturbing that
harmony.

“By personal examination.” he said.
“I ascertained that the letter contained

ing harmful to the alliance, and aleo that
the text as rectified by Count Czernin
(Austro-Hungarian Foreign Minister at

BOMB SANK THE FLORENCE H.

| Put on Roard Before She Left the

Two Itallan Stenmships Sank.

Rome, April 24.--One steamahip of | U. S.. Sage French Report.
more than 1,509 tona and one steamship | Paris, April 24.--The blowing up of
af less tonnage were sunk during the | the American steamship Florence H. off
week ended Apri! 20, according to the vine coast of Brittany te believed to have
oficial statement on losses by mines OF l been due, says the Radio Agency, to a
submarines isaued to-night. lmomh placed on board before she le’t

ere the United States, so timed
Long Range Gun Still Shells Parts, | ‘ne, when the vessel reached port

Paria, April 24.—The long range Owing to a fire on board, the ‘news
bombardment of Partie continued to-jagency adds, the bomb exploded prema-
Gay, There were no victima turely.

. s s
. és

heavily |
On the northern battlefront the Ger-!
led positions yesterday, esapectally in the!

this}
was |

large section of the northern battlefront |

as to ex-)

the British, who took some prisoners.
| Nor was the Lys battlefield neglected;
;in what Gen. Haig describes as a local
‘operation northwest of Festubert,
| which is a little west of La Bassee, a
| post captured by the Germanson Mon-
| day was regained despite the most ob-
| Stinate resistance, and some prisoners
; 4nd machine guns were taken. Early
this morning also the Germans deliv -
| ered a strong local attack east of Ro
| becq, on the southwestern tip of the
Lys salient. but were driven back,
leaving eighty-four prisoners in the
(hands of the British. Additional pris-
,oners were taken in British assaults
‘near the forest of Nleppe and Meteren

\ Attack Near Albert’ Repalsed.

There was leavy artillery fighting last
{evening in the valley of the Searpe, just
;east of Arras and aiso north of Bethune

and northeast of Bailleul, in the -Lys
salient. A rather severe attack by in
fantry delivered at dusk northwest of
Albert was driven back

The German report asserts that tu
| fighting northeast of Bailleul yesterday
| they captured Vieugelhoek HiIll, together

with some French prisoners, and that
j they frustrated strong British advances

northwest of Bethune

Heavy fighting fs still in progress te-
night in the French sector at Hangar,
The Germans took not only the outskirts

of the village but also the wooded hilt
fo the north The struggle began at 5
o'clock In the morning and continued all
day, Other attacks tn the vteinity, near
Hailles, Senecat Wood and Hill 62, failed
The coxespondent of the Associated
‘Press with the French army in France
| describes the fighting as follows:
“The Germana opened an attack in
; force early this morning in the vicinity
of Villers-Bretonneux and Hangard-
en-Senterre, sending forward forces
which they had been concentrating for
some days. Whether they intend to
| make another desperate effort to capture
| Amiens cannot be foretold, but even If
}they succeed the effort would be uselese
from a military siandpotnt,
|

Allies Greatly Strengthened,

' "Their previous attempt waa fius-
trated bv the determined and heroie
| resistance of rapidly improvised bodies
of Freneh and. Rritish troops Since
then both sides have had an opportunity
to strengthen their positions while
| awalting developmente

“Despite the atmospheric difficulties
during the last few days the allied

aviators have been able, through daring
l tactics, to observe movements by the
tenemy. They reported the arrival of
j ‘arse reenforcements of German guna

*